Secession 7 Winter 1924 naay_1924_01 Secession 7 Untitled Image Illustration 1 NOTES 2 FOR THE MARRIAGE OF FAUSTUS AND HELEN Ben Jonson cre 3 I 3-4 II 4-5 III 5 We even, HART CRANE cre 5-6 FOR A DECLARATION OF WAR WALDO FRANK cre 7-16 THE MOONLIGHT YVOR WINTERS cre 17 TEW A SPRING YVOR WINTERS cre 17 OPEN LETTER TO THE NEW REPUBLIC G.B. M cre 18-21 THE RESURRECTION YVOR WINTERS cre 22 A PROGRESSION KENNETH BURKE cre 23-32 TINKERING WITH WORDS Galimathias. By Matthew Josephson. New York: Broom. $1. GORHAM B. MUNSON cre 32-33 THE AMERICAN MURKURY G.B. M cre 34 EXPLANATORY GORHAM B. MUNSON cre 35 "The total effect of fhe new ideas is to make the 36 SECESSION 1924 WINTER 25 Cents / . DIRECTOR: GORHAM B. MUNSON»Address: 144 West 11th Street, New York, N. Y. NUMBER SEVEN WINTER r 1924 NOTES For permission to reprint the second part of "For theMarriage of Faustus and Helen" Secession is indebtedto Mr. Harold A. Loeb, editor of Broom. Part twoappeared under the title of "The Springs of GuiltySong" in Broom, January, 1923."For a Declaration of War" is one of the essays in- cluded in Salvos by Waldo Frank, to be publishedshortly by Boni and Liveright.The resignation of Mr. Kenneth Burke as a directorof Secession is announced with regret. To Mr. Burke'spassion for letters, fighting spirit and corrective vision,the magazine owes much.No further subscriptions for Secession will be ac- cepted. In accordance with the statement publishedin the first number, the magazine will suspend in April,1924. FOR THE MARRIAGE OF FAUSTUS AND HELEN Ben Jonson. "And so we may arrive by Talmud skillAnd profane Greek to raise the building upOf Helen's house against the Ismaelite,King of Thogarma, and his habergeonsBrimstony, blue and fiery; and the forceOf King Abaddon, and the beast of Cittim;Which Rabbi David Kimchi9 Onkelos9And Aben Ezra do interpret Rome" I The mind has shown itself at timesToo much the baked and labeled doughDivided by accepted multitudes.Across the stacked partitions of the day—Across the memoranda, baseball scores,The stenographic smiles and stock quotationsSmutty wings flash out equivocations.The mind is brushed by sparrow wings;Numbers, rebuffed by asphalt, crowdThe margins of the day, accent the curbs,Convoying diverse dawns on every cornerTo druggist, barber and tobacconist,Until the graduate opacities of eveningTake them away as suddenly to somewhereVirginal perhaps, less fragmentary, cool.There is the world dimensionalFor those untwisted by the loveOf things irreconcilable .And yet, suppose some evening I forgotThe fare and transfer, yet got by that wayWithout recall,—lost yet poised in traffic:Then I might find your eyes across an aisle,Still flickering with those prefigurations—Prodigal, yet uncontested now,Half-riant before the jerky window frame.There is some way, I think, to touchThose hands of yours that count the nightsStippled with pink and green advertisements. And now before its arteries turn darkI would have you meet this bartered blood.Imminent in his dream, none better knowsThe white wafer cheek of love, or offers wordsLightly as moonlight on the eaves meets snow.Reflective conversion of all thingsAt your deep blush, when ecstacies threadThe limbs and belly, when rainbows spreadImpinging on the throat and sides .Inevitable, the body of the worldWeeps in inventive dust for the hiatusThat winks above it, bluet in your breasts.The earth may glide diaphanous to death;But if I lift my arms it is to bendTo you who turned away once, Helen, knowingThe press of troubled hands, too alternateWith steel and soil to hold you endlessly.I meet you, therefore, in that eventual flameYou found in final chains, no captive then—Beyond their million brittle, bloodshot eyes;White, through white cities passed on to assumeThat world which comes to each of us alone.Accept a lone eye riveted to your plane,Bent axle of devotion along companion waysThat beat, continuous, to hourless days—One inconspicuous, glowing orb of praise. II Brazen hypnotics glitter here;Glee shifts from foot to foot,Magnetic to their tremulo.This crashing opera bouffe,Blest excursion! this ricochetFrom roof to roof—Know, Olympians, we are breathlessWhile nigger cupids scour the stars!A thousand light shrugs balance usThrough snarling hails of melody.White shadows slip across the floor Splayed like cards from a loose hand;Rhythmic ellipses lead into cantersUntil somewhere a rooster banters.Greet naively—yet intrepidlyNew soothings, new amazementsThat cornets introduce at every turn—And you may fall downstairs with meWith perfect grace and equanimity:Or, plaintively scud past shoresWhere, by strange harmonic lawsAll relatives, serene and cool,Sit rocked in patent arm chairs.O, I have known metallic paradisesWhere cuckoos clucked to finchesAbove the deft catastrophies of drums;While titters hailed the groans of deathBeneath gyrating awnings I have seenThe incunabula of the divine grotesque.This music has a reassuring way.The siren of the springs of guilty song—Let us take her on the incandescent waxStriated with nuances, nervositiesThat we are heir to: she is still so young,We cannot frown upon her as she smiles,Dipping here in this cultivated stormAmong slim skaters of the gardened skies. III Capped arbiter of beauty in this streetThat narrows darkly into motor dawn,—You, here beside me, delicate ambassadorOf intricate slain numbers that ariseIn whispers, naked of steel;religious gunman!Who faithfully, yourself, will fall too soon,And in other ways than as the wind settlesOn the sixteen thrifty bridges of the city:Let us unbind our throats of fear and pity. We even, HART CRANE Who drove speediest destruction In corymbulous formations of mechanics,—Who hurried the hill breezes, spouting malicePlangent over meadows, and looked downOn rifts of torn and empty housesLike old women with teeth unjubilantThat waited faintly, briefly and in vain:iWe know, eternal gunman, our flesh remembersThe tensile boughs, the nimble blue plateaus,The mounted, yielding cities of the air!iThat saddled sky that shook down verticalRepeated play of fire—no hypogeumOf waves or rock was good against an hour.We did not ask for that, but have survived,And will persist to speak again beforeAll stubble streets that have not curvedTo memory, or known the ominous lifted armThat lowers down the arc of Helen's browTo saturate with blessing and dismay.A goose, tobacco and cologne—Three winged and gold-shod prophesies of heaven,The lavish heart shall always have, to leavenAnd spread with bells and voices, and atoneThe abating shadows of our conscript dust.Anchises' navel, dripping of the sea,—The hands Erasmus dipped in gleaming tides,Gathered the voltage of blown blood and vine;Delve upward for the new and scattered wine,O brother-thief of time, that we recall.Laugh out the meager penance of their daysWho dare not share with us the breath released,The substance drilled and spent beyond repairFor golden, or the shadow of gold hair.Distinctly praise the years, whose volatileBlamed bleeding hands extend and thresh the heightThe imagination spans beyond despair,Outpacing bargain, vocable, and prayer, FOR A DECLARATION OF WAR WALDO FRANK. A Those years, as I see them now, were years of initialmanoeuvering for war. Pitched battles and campaigns 1may then have judged what were only guerilla sallies,skirmishes, movements of reconnaissance. The spiritualforces of America were in too great chaos for definitiveand intelligent encounter. This is true today. But in1916 the confusion was enormous. Men did not knowtheir enemies or their friends: they did not know them- selves.The chief business of the American literary artist andcritic of those days was therefore the launching of acall of rally. Primitive, lyrical, adolescent was ourspiritual impulse; and were our spiritual leaders. Themen in whose lives or works revolt from the materialfixities was best incarnate, appeal to a creative life mosteloquent and implicit, were the paramount figures. Thisexplains the emergence of the Chicago Group in whomthe note of protest and the paean call to "life" weresimplified and lovely. It was a time for individualforage, impetuous escapade, for the sweet rhetoric ofthe emotions. There was no line of battle, no organizedroll or standard: there were no Generals equipped withintelligence and strategic science to fortify their goodwill. So there could be no veritable war. We whoyearned to join the ranks of an Army not yet in existencespent ourselves largely in seeking comrades, in exchang- ing signs of allegiance and in scanning the skies for sig- nals of the dawn at which the ranks should serry andthe true fight begin.This state you will see was not one for the clear estab- lishment of standards: it was not one for criticism.When we are lost and anxious we look for warmth andthe assenting handclasp. We wander about in the con- fusing darkness. Some apparitions cheer and to thesewe give the accolade: others seem to threaten and atthese we let fly an arrow. There are blunders and thereare lucky hits. Plighted friends fall off: impulsivelyjudged foes turn out to be friends. Measuring a chaoticworld we are in deed at grips with inner chaos. Therarest consummation in America is achieved personality.To such there is no chaos anywhere. The chaos is with us still. But we are at least so faradvanced in it that we know it to be chaos. And nolonger do the chaotic calls of rally . . . the salvosand arrows of confusion . . . impress us as ultimatesin criticism or in creation. We know that even as art isfar more than expression, criticism is more than smilesand grimaces and frowns. We know that good will anda vague sense of Spirit do not suffice for a spiritualleader. We realize that the leader must have the intel- lectual might to control the physical and passionalforces of our world: not to condone or condole or lyric- ise escape, but to make them over into a working milieu.And above all, we realize that criticism in its obstetricalfunction is due in America and has not yet arrived:criticism which is the determining of potential values,not the harping on values already spent; criticism whichis the lifting up into the experience of the mind of theimpulses that make men write and read; criticism whichshall draw the battle line, direct the blows, and releaseat last our intellectual youth from the confusion of itslarval struggle into the joy of consecrated war. B I speak of criticism and of war.It is a great war: wider than America and deeper thanthe issue of our generation; a war vastly more importantthan any clash of states or social orders. It is the firstspiritual war in which America may engage as a pro- tagonist and as an equal of Europe. It is the war of anew consciousness, against the forms and language of adying culture. The values and convictions which are inopposition have, however, remained for the most partlatent. Practically all that passes for criticism in bookand magazine and journal is based upon tacit assump- tions of fundamental values which have themselves beenchallenged and brought into transitory flux. Practicallyall that passes for criticism is hence not criticism at all.In periods of admitted cultural status, criticism maydwell on the surface of personal opinion: since it sharesthe base of its opponent. But clearly where the baseitself is of the issue, criticism must begin by articulatingits own foundation and by stating its reasons for not ac- cepting the foundations of the other side. When new cultural foundations are erected the pro- cess is by the creating of new conceptions: Wordswhereby these foundations enter the experience of man.Such new words are forms of art. It is clear then thatart today is an issue of the cultural shift. The rootsof culture are philosophical; religious, ethical, aesthetic.There can be no criticism for our modern world untilthere is a modern philosophical synthesis. Without it.the brightest and solemnest discussion is just as imperti- nent as the dullest.Needless to say I cannot in this paper give even themost shadowy sketch of the profound cultural structurethat is disappearing nor of the new one that is forming.That is the subject of many books of which I pray forthe strength some day to write one. All that I cangather here is a sheathe of statements that may at leastsuggest the immense seriousness of this spiritual war. . and the immense work that critics will have todo ere they can talk better than gibberish .pleasant or unpleasant . . . about the Moderns. C It has been said more than once that the imperativeof a culture is unity. Culture implies a Whole. If youconsider the word whole you will see the inclusivenessof this interpretation. In the old Anglo-Saxon, wholeis hdl and from it comes halig which means holy. Wehave from this root such words as hale, health, heal.The sure articulation of our language has thereforesealed for us the ideational unity of wholeness, holiness,haleness and health. The latin religare means to bindtogether, to make whole, to make one. From it we prob- ably have our word religion. The two major sourcesof our language conjoin into this fundamental symbol.Religion in its true sense is the experience of beingbound together in some universal principle related toour personal experience; i.e., it is the experience ofwholesomeness, of holiness and of health. The experi- ence of beauty is one of harmony between a subject andan object. This harmony may be biological as in thecase of a beautiful girl or horse. The beauty of a workof art is the communicable experience of a more basicwholeness inspired by a specific form. The great work ot art invests the individual with the ecstacy of par- ticipation in the Whole. This function is not kin tothe religious, it is one with it. The great primal artistswere creators, prophets and sustainers of religion. Thisis no more true of the artists of ancient Egypt, Judea,America than of the great moderns: Aeschylus, Dante,El Greco, Bach, Blake, Spinoza, Whitman, etc., etc.And it is merely our inadequate perspective that makesless clear to us the religious basis of such a work asDon Quixote than of such a work as the Book of Job.Moreover, there can be no cultural exchange without aunity of basis. As an instance, there was no fundamentaldissonance between the assumptions underlying Platoand Aristotle, the Egyptian mysteries, the Jewish Pro- phetic Wisdom: else Hellenism and Christianity couldnot have been their organic successors.There has been then for the entire term of History inthe Western world a common culture: a common Whole.The matrix of this whole was a group of spiritual andintellectual convictions. In this matrix, the man ofreligion and the artist worked, and from it the peopleslooked out upon the world. Here, with no attempt atthoroughness, are some of these convictions:1. Unity is truth. This is a universe, not a multiverse.2. Earth is the most important part of the universe.Sun and stars revolve around it.3. Man is lord of the world of creature. He is physicallife's highest and ultimate expression.4. Man's reason is autonomous.5. Man's conception of reality is fundamentally cor- rect. This is soa. Because the senses tell the truth;b. or because reason corrects the senses;c. or because God (Wisdom) supplements thesenses and cooperates with reason.6. God (or Gods, unified by the Greeks as well as bythe Hebrews) is good and is related to man's ex- perience.7. The exercise of reason tends towards happiness.8. The exercise of virtue tends toward blessedness.9. We know what is good and what is evil.10. We know what matter is, even if we cannot define it. 11. We know what thought is, even if we cannot de- fine it.12. Time and space are what they seem to be.13. Energy and matter are indestructible.14. The Law of cause and effect, upon which logic rests,is absolute.15. A man may be builded of myriad individuals . . .electrons, atoms, cells, monads, etc. But man him- self is not such a particle. There are no individ- uals of which the instantaneous individual man ispossibly a cellular, atomic or relational part.16. Intellect is three dimensional: and life is threedimensional.These basal assumptions had various forms. Somelands stressed some of them, some epochs ignored others.Many of them were rejected by individuals whose re- volt, however, did not adumbrate in the experience ofthe race. They provide a rough estimate of the matrixwithin which civilization was born, and of the founda- tions in which it was reared and nurtured. Thinkers,poets, scientists and priests established them. Throughthe aesthetic experience and the religious dogma theybased the experience, however unconsciously, of billionsof men and women.They are breaking up.The process of their destruction, i.e., of the destruc- tion of the spiritual and experiential whole which theiracceptance meant, left the sporadic and entered the or- ganic state with such men as Copernicus, Bacon, Des- cartes, Spinoza. In the Nineteenth Century the processaccelerated vastly. With such forces as Kant, Schopen- hauer, Darwin, Kelvin, Freud, the Non-Euclidean andn-dimensional mathematicians and with the appositeintroduction into Europe of Hindu religious ideas whichhave always been based upon a deeper unity, the de- structive work, on the intellectual plane, was practicallyrounded.The war of which I speak is not this intellectualprocess of destruction. That war was restricted largelyto the scientific and philosophical planes and is mostlyover. The great war is one of the whole man ... ofhis spiritual and emotional life: it is the world's resist- ance to giving up the comfort of its old cultural whole: it is the emotional refusal to admit the new truths asexperience. It is the war between Inertia and the dis- placing experience of a new synthesis, a new culture, anew vision.The reader who is at all aware will know that not asingle one of these basal convictions has been spared,except the first.* And the first is the categorical im- perative of any culture, the expression of the social willto survive. It is a conviction whose mechanics in theindividual man is analagous to the instinct of the atomor cell to adhere in the major organism.The key to our present anguish lies in the fact thatwe have temporarily lost the power to support thi9crucial first assumption. That is the reason of oui chaosand of our misery. To ascribe them to such symptomsas the European war or Industrialism or the machine istoo shallow to need refutation among intelligent people.Why, for instance, should the machine make for chaos?If I want to cut a chunk of beef can not I do it moreneatly with a knife than with my fingers or teeth? Thatknife is all machines. The machine is an extension oflimb, ear, eye and mouth. The fundamental machin- ists were the inventors of wagons, oars, the fashioners ofwords, the tamers of horses. Fulton, Morse, Marconi,are epigone. But just as the machine is good in con- trolled hands, it is evil in the hands of a madman: inthe hands of a dissociated person. If I take a knifemade for cutting beef and wood, and run amok with itamong my brothers, or set it up as a god or multiply itworshipfully in such numbers that there's no place leftin my house for sitting down but a blade cuts my flesh,do not be so absurd as to blame or abolish the good steel.We are in misery because we have lost the controlwhich comes with the experience of unity and whole- ness. We are in misery because we are in chaos. Welive in fragmentary thoughts, desires, acts. Quite liter- ally, the form of our life is decomposing. And thatmeans death.We are decomposing because the experiential assump- tions that held our culture together are on the wane,having intellectually been destroyed. The old spiritual body is breaking up. Ere we can be whole and haleagain, we must create a new spiritual body. And thatmeans birth.The travail of birth, like the persistence of inertia, isan inscrutable constant. In certain aspects, we call thiswar. The war of which I speak is therefore the eternalwar between a death and a birth.It is internecine and treacherous, because of the spo- radic way in which spiritual change is reported by theinadequate mind and is accepted by the conservativeemotion. Philosophy has stated the break-up in thestupendous lineage which dates in metaphysic fromSpinoza and in epistemology from Kant. Science hasnegatively proven what philosophy, which can provenothing, stated. Science has done this after a compla- cent period of positivism in which it ignored the intui- tions of the poets and the statements of the philosoph- ers who had declared in a hundred tongues and in ahundred ways the disability of positive science logic toenter the domain of the noumenal: the disqualificationof positive science from any contact with causes. Butthis past arrogance of science is found today only amongjournalists and pedagogues who are always at least acentury behind the times. The study of a Poincare orof an Einstein is pure of it. Positive science has achievedits greatest dignity in the admission of Nescience: theadmission of Mystery as the circumambient limit. Ithas prepared the intellect to receive Mystery, but it doesnot itself understand what Mystery is.To the positive mind, Mystery means something out- side itself, a not-knowing, a balking and blanking of ex- perience. Whereas the experience of Mystery is thebeginning of participation in a truth merely beyond thescope of our accepted words. The man who receivesMystery in his mind is already part of the truth: forMystery is the first apperception of truth and is ineffableonly in terms of inadequate language. Neither mysterynor truth is ineffable, as was taught by the shallowWilliam James. What is ineffable is conventionalisedlanguage—the set of symbols which have crystalised aconsciousness smaller than the experience attained byman. The language that expresses Mystery, which is thethreshold to the truth, is Art.The break-up stated by philosophy and proved by positive science, has already been articulated by Art. Insolitary cases, Art has even begun to articulate the newunified experience that will again bind men together inholiness and wholeness. But these statements, portentsand Words are still too scattered to have impressed themediocre minds (functions of the inertia, not of theintellect of Man) which control our universities andschools and churches, make our laws, rule our states andwrite almost all our books. These inert groups still actlike automata on assumptions that have lost all contactwith the evolving reality of man.* Their argumentsare of course insincere rationalisations of defence againstthe new experience which will wipe them out. For theold world, shattered, still persists. And on its side,innumerable sophistries, dogmas, decorations, graces:agile postures, fine chisellings of sarcophagus, fine chop- pings of logic. On the side of this death, an intricatelysmooth-worn pleasant language. On the side of ourbirth, only the harsh and gutteral beauty of new Words.Ihese apologists of inertia are shrewd enough toknow that their worst enemies are the creators of art.They know that the artist and the bringer of the Wordare one. They know that their ancient forms must besavagely defended against the explosive menace of newforms, new words for the new experience of man. Forpurposes of defence, they have erected other assump- tions beside those which I have mentioned, but for themost part also unexpressed and treacherous and latent:1. Intellect is three dimensional, life is three dimen- sional: therefore2. Art must be three dimensional, and must remainthe presentative of three dimensional conscious- ness.3. Art's function is to subserve—as documentation,criticism, exposition, explanation, corroboration,decoration—the status quo spiritual, intellectualand ethical, in which man finds himself at themoment of encountering it. Therefore 4. Art must adhere to accepted norms of positivescience and psychology.5. Art must remain within the stated boundaries ofthe consciousness of man.Upon these tenets of self-defence there is War.Upon the outworn bonds of a glorious but dying cul- ture, there is War.Upon the "honest" critics who, consciously or un- consciously are functions of this spiritual inertia, thereis war.We hold:1. Intellect is three dimensional, but intellect is ascapable of change and transfiguration as all livingorganism.2. Intellect has had increasing intimations of valuesand dimensions of life beyond the scope of itsfixed symbols (language).3. Life is vastly dimensioned beyond intellect. In- tellect has, by a juncture with the supra-consciousforces of life, erected an instrument for the apper- ception of life in its full dimensions.4. This instrument is Art. Art, by the elements ofits creation, brings into the consciousness of mindquantities and values of life which mind alone isunable to perceive or control.5. The noblest function of art is, then, not to sub- serve the intellectually accepted forms of life; butto conquer new forms of life and to bring themwithin the reach of the intellect. Art is the lan- guage which expresses vision of being that hasnot yet been conventionalised into simple word®and concepts.6. The domain of Art is therefore precisely beyondthe domains of science, philology and psychology.But these domains are as materials within thedomain of art.7. Art conquers truth for the mind which autono- mously can conquer only fact.8. Inspired intellects have glimpsed certain truthsstill largely alien from human experience. As thata. Our sense of matter, space, time, thought is sub- jective, inadequate and untrue.b. Only the relativity of time, space, matter, etc.,are true.c. And true as measures not of Being, but of ourconsciousness of being.d. Hence the laws of cause and effect, the laws oflogic, the laws of scientific research and experi- ment, the laws of mathematics are sub specieaeternitatis null and void.e. What has been accepted as cause and effect andabsolute sequence in time is mere juxt- aposition in some superintellectual direction.112. Hence the laws governing the mechanics andforms of art are to be superseded.g. Our convictions of limits and individuals aremerely the limits of our present consciousnessand may be superseded.9. In consesquence of these convictions, the artwhich adheres to the formed phenomena of intel- lect and sense is a weak, retroactive, atavistic art.10. The art that will articulate man's widening anddeepening participation in life, and make this par- ticipation the base of human experience mustcome in the guise of forms and words for whichthe conventional criticism has no measure by thevery definition of that criticism as an intellectualadoption from previously created forms andwords.I11. Before the word is a word, it is a form of art.After the artform has become a cultural expe- rience, it is a word.12. Before the form of art can become a cultural ex- perience it must by means of criticism be natural- ised into the domain of the intellect.13. Criticism can perform this function only when itcontacts the work of art on a common plane ofspiritual and philosophical conviction.14. In periods of basic cultural transition, therefore,the criticism which does not Btart out from meta- physics and a true understanding of the religiousexperience as I have explained the term, is idle,irrelevant, impotent and anti-social. * The significant Dada movement of Tristan Tzara is an attemptto articulate the rejection of this first principle. * The reality of man in my sense is that phase of absolutereality which has entered man's experience. I believe this realityto be expanding, although it may be perfectly true that this realityin America, A. D. 1900, is smaller than this reality in India, B. C.400. This reality is in relation to the "reality" of the literary real- ists somewhat as a sphere is in relation to a fly speck on its surface. THE MOONLIGHT YVOR WINTERS. I waited onIn the late autumn moonlight,A train droning out of thought—The mind on moonlightAnd on trains.Blind as a thread of waterStirring through a cold like dust,Lonely- beyond all silenceAnd humming this to children,The nostalgic listeners in sleep,Because no guardianStrides through distance upon distance,His eyes a web of sleep. TEW A SPRING YVOR WINTERS Red springIn deep valleysThe peaehtreeLies in shadowDeep as stoneThe riverIs unheard. OPEN LETTER TO THE NEW REPUBLIC G.B.M. Sir: "The official timers have not yet determinedwhether, on pages 292-3, the non-stop kiss record isbroken or only tied." This sentence, patently jour- nalese, was committed by a reviewer who, unabashed byhis obscurity and unrecommended taste, announced con- cerning another novel: "I am sending copies of his bookto the readers most certain to appreciate it, to Lucian,Alexander Pope, Voltaire, T. L. Peacock and Heine."(J. K. Singleton, New Republic, Je. 27, '23). In a cate- gory of critical writing irreconcilable with the gauchesmart alecisms just enumerated lie the following re- marks : "The translation is in hexameters—not themonotonous hexameters of Longfellow and Clough, buthexameters that have variety of stress. Longfellow andClough attempted to make the natural rhythm of theverse—the rhythm it would fall into if we were speakingit naturally—identical with the scansion rhythm—therhythm we would give it if we attempted to put the sixstresses on their proper syllables." Etc. (Padraic Colum,New Republic, Jl. 11, '23). Mr. Colum is the experttreating his subject with dispatch, precision and author- ity and Mr. Singleton is the journalist straining to befacetious. The New Republic by sanctioning both raisesquestions: what is its standard of good literary criti- cism? what does it consider bad critical practice? whatis its sense of responsibility toward its readers andtoward the literary milieu in which it is a force? Towhat extent does it share the prevalent and ingrainedprejudice of journalism against the expert?For journalism, as Mr. B. H. Haggin lately stated(New Pearson's, Jl., '23), makes a cult of incompetence.The headline must be arresting and determines an arbi- trary sequence. The column beneath it must presentwhat is striking and what is entertaining; it must havebulk sufficient to pad out the advertising matter. Jour- nalism cannot be concerned with a sequence based uponintellectual values, or with space apportioned strictly tothe needs of elucidation, or with completeness of treat- ment. Hence, it has no use for the literary expert andplenty of use for the reviewer who will fill an allottedspace with what is superficially striking and entertainingabout a book or more frequently about himself. Enter- tainment, in fact, has become an implied canon of criti- cism. "But his audience soon grows weary, and whilethe doctor looks myopically and somewhat askance atliterature, looks elsewhere for entertainment." (J. E. L.,New Republic, Oct. 3,-'23). Of more dignity than thenotion of criticism as an entertaining knockabout turnat the expense of literature is the conception of criti- cism as persuasion, always the ruling conception inBritish and American literature. This conception holdsthat criticism is an appendage to creative work, that thebest the critic can do is to play up those qualities ofliterature which an advertising copywriter would call its"human interest points," that the function of criticismis to induce or dissuade the reader to procure or fromprocuring a certain book. Both entertainment and per- suasion fit admirably into the journalistic scheme andboth constitute a large proportion of the New Repub- lic's critical columns. The center of interest in the twotypes of criticism named is in the audience; this coin- cides with the center of interest of journalism which, bypleasing a wide public, gains a wide circulation. Theexpert by being interested solely in his subject goescounter to journalism and writes a criticism that isessentially supported statement, and in my opinion it isnot often that we read carefully supported statement inthe literary criticism published by the New Republic.Since the New Republic is one of the few Americanorgans dedicated to intelligence which occasionally jus- tifies its professions, it is not unfitting to protest againstthe impurities which surround such clarities as Mr.Colum's, or Mr. Lovett's excellent period surveys builtaround Victorian memoirs, or Mr. Aiken's study of TheWaste Land, or the specialist reports on books dealingwith such matters as the housing problem, prisons orimmigration.The literary expert may be defined as a person of tasteadequately regulated by knowledge and thought. Assuch, he is interested in saying more than simply "I likeor I dislike this book," or in recording the impressionis- tic spatter of images that has hopped through his mindwhile reading. His is an analytic intelligence and hisabsorption, like that of experts in other fields, is intechnic. He postulates criticism as an independent exer- cise, one which encompasses its stimulus and adds aterm to the appreciation of literature, namely, analyticunderstanding. He is likely to ask himself after writinga criticism: have I reached the center of the work undersurvey ? have I considered in detail its claims to perma*nence? have I accounted for the means by which itseffects were made, for its author's mode of apprehensionas well as for his content? have I attained complete*ness? And he will question his prose, its cadences andadjustments, before it will occur to this economical per- son to inquire if he has been entertaining or persuasiveor striking, to ask whether he has performed what jour- nalism wants.The literary expert, by reason of his knowing and histhinking, comes finally to display as a special earmarkan uncanny awareness. He is vigilant in detecting hisown latent assumptions and in dragging them out toexpression; he probes the assumptions, latent and ex- pressed, of his assigned author. His awareness is hissafeguard against such inexpert and unaware writing asMr. Robert Littell's Waldo Frank (New Republic, Sept.26, 23). Mr. Littell declared at the outset and againmid-way that he did not "really understand what he(Frank) was after,"and "nothing would induce me tore-read the book (Rahab) in order to find out," therebyconvicting himself of a refusal to prepare thoroughly ona topic to which his reactions were cloudy. Honest, buthardly the procedure of an expert who is willing toresign when his limitations interfere with his grasp.The principal point, however, is that when Mr. Littellwrites of certain excerpts from The Dark Mother thatthey are "the product of a way of thinking which maybe called the delusion of Oneness" and nothing more, heis operating on latent, not expressed assumptions, andhe does not supply us with data sufficient to articulatehis case for him. To what branch of positivism does headhere? Upon what is the mysticism of Waldo Frankfounded? How has he measured his positivism againstFrank's mysticism and gained the victory for himself?As a positivist attacking the "delusion" of a mystic, whatdoes he think of that trend of modern science andmodern nescience to which contemporary mysticismrefers for corroboration? In short, Mr. Littell is un- scientific in that he publicly scrutinizes neither his ownpremises nor those of Mr. Frank.In perplexity at the confusion I have outlined, I askof the New Republic, is it deliberately a showroom forall manner of critical writing, bad and good, for allkinds of approaches, exploded and tested?Woodstock, N. Y. Gorham B. Munson.Note: Mr. Robert Littell is an editor of the NewRepublic who may be introduced, according to docu- mentary evidence in my hands, as a man who believesthat in proportion to the specialization of thinking andwriting visible in a critique, that critique becomes lessgood. He also distrusts most attempts to get down tofundamentals and readily admits his superficiality.The above letter was written at his request. "Ac- cordingly, I cordially invite you to attack me, the NewRepublic and the critical standards and methods ofeither the person or the journal to the extent of, say, 800words, which we shall publish immediately as a letter.You can make it as hot as you like. It will all gothrough. If you have so much to disagree with—withour attitude toward the reader and the specialist, this,for your sake as well as ours, should be publicly ratherthan privately stated." (R. Littell, letter of Sept. 24,'23). There followed a hurry-up letter before I couldfinish my statement. Eventually, the statement, whichunfortunately had to be 1100 words long to cover theissue, reached the office of Mr. Littell. Silence forseveral weeks and then came a request to cut it to 800words, which would have meant an incomplete attack.The invited guest declined to mutilate himself, and the door slammed curtly in his face.- THE RESURRECTION YVOR WINTERS Spring penetratedSlowlyTo the doorstepWhere the enow layIn gray patches—March was pale*The stallionStood like waterIn cold shadeOn riven soil.The trees were bare as glassAbout the open doors.Leal was dead.And still his wifeCarried in pine-logsSplit, and yellow like a man's hair—Wet earth, shadow of the winter,Motionless beside the door. A PROGRESSION KENNETH BURKE So all these people are adding their mite to the for- tune of Mr. Dougherty. That little bald-headed man,ior instance, is head of the bookkeeping department;osily last week he was publicly lauded by Mr. Doughertyhimself for working out a system which would take careof the new factory in Hoboken. He is evidently wor- ried, say 3 something over-hasty to the treasurer, comesdown the green plush carpet on the run; so that thetreasurer winks at the filing clerk, who winks back,hoping thereby—in accordance with a vague enoughiogic—that he will get his five-dollar raise next Friday.As Miss Rosenberg's typewriter goes tink at the end ofthe line, Mrs. Murdock's typewriter is just being chargedwith a white sheet and two carbons, and the typewriterof the new girl in the corner leaps into the beginning ofa new paragraph. A man from one of the departmentsupstairs passes the head of the bookkeeping department,while an office boy is crossing the room diagonally, steer- ing among the desks.Dougherty had evidently done right to wait for Grif- fiths to call him. "Never let 'm think you're tooanxious, that's my philosophy," he said in the direc- tion of his private secretary. Then he dismissed hisdesk completely, lighted a cigar, and went over to thewindow. lie could see down twelve floors of the build- ing opposite him before it dropped on out of sight;looking up, he could see five floors before the partlydrawn blind cut him off.But it was already after four; Mr. Dougherty wouldhave to be starting home soon if he did not want to getcaught in the rush hour. He slapped shut a fewdrawers, put some papers somewhere else, got his hatand coat out of the wardrobe, and left. As he steppedfrom his private office into the general offices, the rippleof prestige preceded him. An aisle was cleared throughthe comers and goers; the operator put her best into a"Good evening, Mr. Dougherty"; the elevator boy caughtthe door half-way as he was closing it, and held his carfor Mr. Dougherty; downstairs, the starter saluted pro- fessionally; then Mr. Dougherty stepped out into thestreet.Objects moved. Things passed irregularly, some slickand shiny, some looming up and approaching like a broadside, some wheezing. Others crossed, went down,went up, bunched, shot ahead. One peculiarly agitateudivision kept working in and out, crying. He movedhimself among shapes, sizes and directions. The windof an approaching storm writhed through a gulch, buthe was firm in his resolution, and drew close the flap- pings of his mantle. He advanced, steering himselfwithout question.Suddenly he swerved, dipped behind two other figuresthat were moving to cross him, and plunged into a warm,breathy chamber, descending into the thick smells. Hereached a platform in time to catch the local which wasjust pulling in; he took it, changing for the express atChambers Street.The first fifteen minutes or so of the ride was carriedoff without anything unusual occurring. In fact, thetrain had already pulled out of the station at 116 thStreet without the hint of a catastrophe. But there thetracks become temporarily exposed, running high in theopen for a disturbingly long time before they woulddive into the protecting earth again. Suddenly a swarmof airplanes descended on the train, buzzing about it,flying in among one another, dipping at the cars, andswooping up and over them. As one airplane drew upfor a moment alongside the speeding cars, it becameclearly evident that it was filled with Indians. Andjudging from the hideous expression on their faces,they were giving war-whoops, although nothing couldbe heard but the spitting of the airplane engines andthe rolling of the car wheels. Then something shot outof the airplane, breaking the window directly in front ofMr. Dougherty. A second later he was lassoed firmlyabout the waist, jerked out of the window, and hauledrudely into the airplane, the swarm of them disappear- ing toward the south, flying all the way to one of thedeserted islands in the South Seas, in fact, where theykilled Mr. Dougherty and ate him, which recalls thesomewhat similar case of Ellery Smith.On returning home one night over a not particularlydifficult road to his farm less than a mile out of town—further, there was even a full moon—Smith loweredthe bars of the pasture gate and discovered that he wasin an unknown country. He started back to town; but if *own w?3 Bone* Between that and early morningwhen, crawling with open arms toward the broad, cleansun, he fell into the abandoned quarry south of CrowHill, and broke his neck.But there is this difference: that Ellery Smith sufferedmishaps of an obviously superhuman or metaphysicalimport, whereas the loss of Mr. Dougherty bears heavilyupon one of the most deplorable parodoxes in all thelength and breadth of modern society. For in Heaven'sname, how can we without blushing speak of Progresswhen we mean thereby the invention of a mechanismthanks to whose ingenuity not only can remote andseemingly inaccessible places be reached by methodswhich at one time would have appeared almost Divine,but also the unscrupulous can utilize as still anotheraccessory to rapine and murder! This, I say, is nothingother than a vomit in the face of that Higher Idea ofProgress, which takes into account, besides the increasein man's scope of mechanical effectiveness, also a con- comitant chastening of the spirit; which, burning awaythrough education all dross of savagery, leaves the great- est of God's creatures with a mental and moral equip- ment capable of putting to the complete—and undefiled—advantage of society those super-tools which our rest- less ingenuity has fashioned.How, for instance, to take the problem up from yetanother angle, can a society consider itself anything butridiculous wherein the man of thorough and well- digested learning, the scholar and the philosopher, findshis liberties infringed upon by the meanest superstition- monger, the lowliest believer in e;hosts? Pursuing thematter still more deeply, we see that scholarship itselfcannot exclude those persons of a weaker mental musclewho, lifting the burden of much learning upon theirshoulders, display thereby how miserably unfit theirframe is for sustaining it. My mind runs at this pointto the case of M. Henri Basle, a member of severallearned organizations in France, and an excellent stylistas well, but yet whom I must quote as a muster of darkand crooked thinking:"From behind thick smears of trees and the an*evenness of the ground—which, in addition, was covered with a tall grass—you could see certainparts of the upper story of the house. Especially,if you had had courage enough to climb inside thewall. A gravel path wound toward the house, anda boy once took a stone from this path and threw itat one of the windows. Where the hole was madein the glass, a butterfly fluttered away, the boydying that same evening. . . . All this happened,it is true, before my time; but I did see the houseand the gravel path which led up to it, and I haveheard noises come from it with my own ears. . . .If I remember rightly, it was constructed of somedull grey stone, which had been made even dullerby the soot coming from the mills along the river."In the above quotation kindly notice first of all thatthe writer's honesty has proved even greater than hiscredulity. It is more than significant that in the veryparagraph which aims to plead for ghosts the author'scharacteristic circumstantiality contains the germs of therebuttal. If this man had seen the butterfly, I should bemuch more inclined to waver in my denouncement ofthe whole thing as either quackery or superstition.Then again, if ghosts really do exist, how are we todispose of the problem of their propagation? For if theghost is the simulacrum of the human, by what logicalstep can it be denied the possession of male or femaleorgans, whichever the case may be? Or, if the posses- session of these is granted, by what further logical stepcould it be maintained that the ghosts were barren? Yetthere are no more so-called ghosts than there have beenpeople to contain them. And if the body is rotted, andthe soul is in Heaven, Hell, or Purgatory, what is thereleft whereof a ghost could be constructed? Nothing butthe memory of man, which is to say, nothing. Formemory is a mere inclination of the worms of the brain,like the leaning of tall grass after a storm.Therefore, there are no ghosts. The invention of theghost is a mere northern aberration, with an origin thatis easily felt when one considers the blunt mists risingfrom our bogs, or if one has happened to observe thebroad blossoms of fog which frequently nose throughour dark forests. If we will even grant that one couldwish there were ghosts, to sift about the rooms of a deserted mansion, or blow down low corridors, serving,in short, to counteract the increasing blatancy of ourcustoms. The truth is that these unearthly existencesabout us are not ghosts, but ghouls, or demons, devoidof all this austere, ghastly poetry. They are hard littlepebbles of malice, and cancers of envy, and runningsores of hatred, and like the Great Bent Master of themall, quick moving, keenly intelligent, and fiery-tongued.Fiery-tongued," I say, for at times when I considerthe idiocy of those who maintain that the devil's tongueis rounded, I marvel that I could hold my peace even soably as I have. For why, I ask, if the devil's tongueis rounded or even has that soft amorphousness at theend which is the property of the tongues of humans andcattle should we associate the lascivious with thosethings which protrude in points? You have but to castone glance upon the azalea when it is flourishing at theheight of its lubricity to become convinced that thetongue of the devil is as dart-like as a flame, and asdisastrous as that object—if we could call a flame such—when it penetrates into the vase of the ear. And ah,Christ! what ill-formed dreams come frequently of thiscopulation. But I am being led by passion to wanderfrom the topic—for there are times when a passion willengross me much the way a blood-hunger will engross agnat; the gnat (or in some parts of the country I shouldbetter speak of a black-fly and in others a punky, whileI believe the sand-fly of the southeastern beaches is alsosimilar) when it has at last succeeded in alighting andpenetrating the skin and the water under the skin, fallsinto such a rage of feasting that it seems to forget every- thing else, even the necessity of fleeing to preserve it- self, so that the bitten party can approach his thumbwith leisure and crush the life out of it without its somuch as attempting to leave the well it has sunk intothe flesh. But let me close this digression abruptly, andstep forth now, once and for all, and declare myself asavowedly against the round-tonguers and the soft- tonguers as I am against the Black Angel himself.Yet, almost without knowing it, I find that we arenaturally prone to over-stress the darker phases of asubject; applying which to the present writing wouldmean that there was a constant danger of giving too inucli to the devil and his horde, and not enough toGod. So I consider this decidedly more pleasant aspectof the child Argubot, whose father and mother alwaystold the truth, told the truth so much, in fact, that whileArgubot was still young the King came and had hismother s ears cut off, while his father was put to death.Thereafter the boy lived alone with his widowed mother,who still told the truth even though her husband wasdead and her ears were cut off.But Argubot never told the truth at all. Once whenhe was late for supper, his mother asked him where hehad been, and he said that he had been out with theghost of his father riding on the moon. His mothersaid that he was untrue, and that he had fallen asleepm the hay, and called him to be whipped. But Argubotsaid that his mother must not whip him, because hisfather told him he would be King some day. So thathis mother had to put the whip back behind the stoveunused, for the ghost of his father might have taken thelittle boy for a ride on the moon, and she had alwaysfelt that Argubot was going to be King some day. Atother times he told similar perplexing falsehoods.Until the poor woman didn't know what to do. Shewanted her boy to be honest, like herself and her deadhusband, whom the King had killed; for she didn'twant him to become another untrue King. She puzzledfor many days how that she could prove that her sonwas not true, so that she could whip him. Although shewas very poor, she gave a candle to Mother Mary. Thena plan came to her; but she would have to tell a lie.She hesitated for a long time, finally deciding that shemust do so for the sake of her son.She went to a neighbor at the far end of the town,whose cat had kittens, and asked for one small blackkitten. Then she came home again and called Argubotto her. "Little son, I have brought you three kittens,but that you may not get tired of them, you may haveonly one of them at a time. But as all the three kittensare nearly alike, it will be hard to tell them apart. Butif you look into their eyes, you can tell them apart, fortheir eyes are different. One is called Big-Eyes, becausethe black of bis eyes is always as big as the whole eye; I will let Big-Eyes come to bed with you; if you awakein the night, and are afraid, just move your toes underthe blanket, and Big-Eyes will tumble and prance atthem. The second is called Little-Eyes, because theblack of his eyes is only a slit; he is a lazy fellow, andat noontime you will find him stretched in the sun onthe back door-step. The third is called Medium-SizedEyes, because the black of his eyes is neither big, nor isit just a slit; you can play with Medium-Sized Eyes inthe mornings and afternoons, but be careful of him, forhe is the liveliest of the three, and is liable to scratchyou."But Big-Eyes, Little-Eyes and Medium-Sized Eyeswere all one kitten, although Argubot did not know it.For at night a cat's eyes are big, and at noon they arevery small, while in the morning and the afternoon theyare neither big nor small. And the widow was sorrythat she had been untrue, but she stood by her plan andwaited to see what would come of it.The next morning, when they were eating their por- ridge, she asked Argubot about the kittens, and he saidhe awoke and was afraid, but he didn't have to callher because Big-Eyes was there and played with histoes. And his mother said nothing. . . . The nextmorning after that, when they were eating their por- ridge again, she asked him about the kittens and he saidthat he awoke and was afraid, but he didn't have to callher because Big-Eyes was there and played with histoes. And again his mother said nothing. . . . But thethird morning, when she asked him about the kittens,Argubot exclaimed, "Oh, mother, Big-Eyes and Little-Eyes and Medium-Sized Eyes were all three on my bedlast night." And now his mother knew that he wasuntrue, and she went behind the stove to get her whip.But Argubot ran out of the house and became King.And when he was King, he despatched a messengerto the south, telling him to bring back a cat with bigeyes, and one with little eyes, and one with medium- sized eyes. But the messenger returned cold and hun- gry, and fell before King Argubot, saying, "My Sire, Icould not contain the cats, for some evil spirit changedthem in the bag. . . . The first day, I caught a catwith medium-sized eyes, and put him in my hunting- bag, but when I rested that night and looked at him,there was another cat like him in his place, but hieeyes were big. 'Very well,' said I, 'we will let this beour big-eyed cat.' The next noon I caught a cat withlittle eyes, but when I sat down to rest in the afternoonI looked at him and his eyes were medium-sized. 'Verywell,' said I, 'we will let this be our cat with medium'sized eyes.' And the third day at noon I caught anothercat with little eyes, and returned home, happy in thatI had fulfilled the commission of my Lord. But aftertrudging all day I came upon the castle at nightfall, onlyto find that all three cats had eyes as big as the fullmoon."King Argubot was displeased, and despatched thesame messenger to the north with the same mission, butthe result was no better. Then he sent other messengersin other directions, and they all returned with the sametale. Thereupon the King had all the messengersthrown into the dungeon.The King was sad, and went out into his garden. Buthere a good fairy appeared before him and said that ifhe would release all the messengers from the dungeon,the three cats would be given him. He did so, andthey were.Then he sent the messengers out over the land again,this time to find his old widowed mother, if she was stillalive. And they returned with his mother, bringing herbefore the King, but she did not recognize that he washer son."Old woman," he said to her severely, "do you seethat cat at my feet?" and he pointed to the three catswhich the fairy had given him. "Now I pick it up andits eyes are big. I put it down and pick it up again andits eyes are little. I put it down and pick it up a thirdtime, and its eyes are medium-sized. Is not that so?"And the old woman began to weep, and said, "Please,my Lord, but it is not so. There are three cats at thefeet of my Lord.'*Then King Argubot roared out with anger, so that theold woman began to tremble, "What! does this oldwoman dare to gainsay the King!""Please, my Lord," she sighed, "but I lost my dearson, once when I was untrue. And although I can not understand it,1 must tell the truth, even though itcost me my head, even as it cost me the head of myhusband many years ago." King Argubot was sure thatthis was his mother before him, and he told her who hewas, and stepped down from his throne, and led herinto a great banquet prepared for her.Soon after this, King Argubot, hearing of a beautifulprincess who was weaving a golden garment of a goldenthread on a golden loom, but who lived in a countryArery far off, went in search of her to make her Queen,when at last he found her, she looked upon him andfainted with love, so that she broke the skein of goldwith which she was weaving. But there was a curseupon this princess, whereby, if it should ever happenthat this golden thread was broken, she was doomed todie nine months after that time.The King and his Queen began wandering to fling offthe curse; by royal decree, thousands of witches andugly old women were burned; but the curse could notbe flung off, so that at the predestined date the Queendied, after giving birth to a Prince, who lived on afterher. King Argubot returned to his own country, andmourned for five years. Then, finding that his peoplewere at the mercy of usurers, he had all money-lendersput to death, and devoted himself to the welfare of hiskingdom, at the same time teaching the young Princealso to love and protect his subjects.*So wisely did King Argubot pilot his kingdom that allwho were good became favored and happy, while themalicious and the scheming among them could notflourish nor take root, so that finally they crossed theborder into other countries. And when at last it wastime for the King to die, all his subjects threw downtheir tools and neglected their crops, allowing pests ofall sorts to spring up among them; for, they said, they wanted to die with their King. But when the Kingheard of this, he blessed his people, but asked that ifthey still heard his authority they should return to theirtasks, so that his corpse might not be buried in a landof desolation. And the people, hearing of this, returnedto the fields and the work-benches, that a thriving statemight be maintained as a monument to their belovedmonarch.Soon after, King Argubot breathed his last, and as hissoul rose out of the window, the voice of his Angel-Wifewas heard calling him to her couch in Heaven. 0, gloryof their re-union in that gentle land above the sky! * ** Not to be confused with a later Prince Argubot, of a differentlineage, and of whom it is recorded: While walking on the sea- shore and thinking of the problems that beset his kingdom—mostespecially the pestilence which at that time was raging in thelarger cities—Prince Argubot was suddenly conducted away on acarpet of zephyrs, and into an intensification of beauty which wasbeyond the endurance of mortal eye. When he was returned toearth, little children hid at the mention of his name, and old menmarveled that their Prince, once so kind to his people, shouldhave grown more cruel than even his uncle before him. TINKERING WITH WORDS Galimathias. By Matthew Josephson. New York:Broom. $1. GORHAM B. MUNSON. Josephson has an admirable ear. Controlled by it,his lines never fail to please by a springiness, a cleanmetallic ring, and a flexible pace. He is sufficientlyskilful to distort grammar into beautiful libertinage,and at times he succeeds in subtracting subject- matter almost entirely from his poems so that theyare sustained principally by their non-representativequalities. Thus, he is in danger of violating the in- herent ideational and representative properties ofliterature for the sake of music and "abstract" design.The other unifying element in his little volume islooser and personal, and results from a limitation of hissubject-matter. In one of his Etudes, Josephson ex- presses his satisfaction at returning from a mountain- top to a locked-in valley: "we are within our microcosmagain! And the sensibility to which these poems refer is appallingly microscopic. All those major areas ofhuman life upon which the great artists are driven tocrucify themselves, Josephson eschews or fears, andexploits instead with more intensity than they permitthe superficial regions of personality. A form of senti- mentality, for it is essentially emotion in excess of thefact. He does not take his trivial fact and draw outor distort its inherent proportions until it becomeshumorous. He transfers emotion that properly shouldfind some larger outlet and treats his fact in terms ofthe borrowed emotion. Hence, hysteria rather thanhumor. So, from a false and hidden angle, he gives uspoems upon an urge to miction, lassitude, a mimic andfanciful dispute among table vegetables, the pursuit ofhimself by a homosexual, the destruction of an after- noon by the light striking of a stranger's cane againsthis knee. He even gives two specimens of light versethat Oliver Herford or Arthur Guiterman might equal.It is easy to surmise that this lack of any fundamentalattitude toward life, this indulgence in trivial fancy,make him especially susceptible to influences whichswallow him with little resistance. However, he hasthe cunning to pick influences new to American poetry,•—The Lay of Maldoro, Gertrude Stein, the dadaists,—and so his work glitters with a novel reflected brilliance.At the same time one is depressed by an emptiness inback of his shrillest exclamations, the emptiness of onewho cannot create his own artistic world and assimilateinto it the stronger poets he reads.Galimathias is a notebook of experiments, a deposi- tory of good lines and of three excellent poems,—thefirst, second and fourth Etudes. It even makes onehope that its author may as a sensibility outgrow histimidity, grasp a sense of proportion toward his fool- eries, and develop a rhythm of personal vision, a pro- gression into maturity of thought and feeling, to accom- pany his real gift for verbalism. THE AMERICAN MURKURY G.B.M. A few people hoped that Mencken and Nathan, freedfrom The Smart Set, would transcend several of theireditorial limitations. They buy No. 1 of The Americany» Therein an article by Ernest Boyd entitledAesthete: Model 1924. It annoys a few writers who arereally intelligent enough to disregard derisive gesturesof this calibre. But they make a fuss, a journalist con- tributes a mess of trivialities (one finally gets the im- pression that Boyd had no actuality in mind when hewrote this thing, or at least no specific persons in mindis this cowardice?), finally Bodenheim squeals oncemore over Cowley's devastating critique of him. Wemust get back to the trivial source of this trivial dis- turbance. Aesthete: Model 1924 is a veiled attack, itis a composite and in this case therefore untrue portraitsince writers who have nothing in common but theirage are telescoped together to produce inconsistencies,it is a piece of mud-slinging bristling with gratuitousinferences of log-rolling, ignorance, perversity, etc. In- stead of clarifying the existing situation, this article iscalculated to make it murkier.I commend The American Mercury to the followingpublics:1. Liberated adolescents who wish to kick up theirheels.2. The middle or muddle generation in AmericanLetters.3. Blockheads who think that Masters is a great poet.I think that Bob Littell, Burton Rascoe and J. V. A.Weaver ought to like it."O rain gently descending and 1 am bored," Cowleywrote in a totally different connection. lam too boredto amplify or specify, too bored. . . .In a totally different connection, jh remarked, itcontains nothing for adult education. I think thatcovers our new magazine. EXPLANATORY GORHAM B. MUNSON Secession number three was edited solely by MatthewJosephson, though a note to that effect was unfortu- nately omitted. I take this late opportunity to disclaimany responsibility for Peep Peep Parrish, a short storyby Josephson printed in that number.Secession number four contained a mutilation forwhich I was in no way responsible of the sixth poemby Mr. Richard Ashton. I have apologized fully inprivate for this smirching of our editorial honor, andwish now simply to make the fact of my apology public.Matthew Josephson resigned as director after numberfour. The differences were literary as well as man- agerial.The printing of Secession numbers five and six wasentrusted to Mr. John Brooks Wheelwright, who kindlyoffered to supervise their production in Florence. Butit is regrettably necessary to state that Mr. Wheelwrightalso assumed editorial duties in the matters of revision,comment and acceptance, and it is perhaps fairest toMr. Burke and myself to shift the entire responsibilityfor these issues upon Mr. Wheelwright.Secession is now printed in America under my solecontrol. "The total effect of fhe new ideas is to make the uni- verse of physics less objective; to an unsuspected extentthis indifferent universe, with its iron laws, is a productof our own minds. To some extent this fact was alwaysrecognized, particularly by the Continental physicists,but as a general persuasion it is comparatively recent.We cannot escape the structure of our own minds, itia true, but we do not yet know what that structure is;we do not know what barriers are breakable; we donot know what thoughts are thinkable by man. A uni- verse in whose construction so plastic and mysteriousan entity as the mind of man collaborates, may verywell hold great surprizes,"—J. W. N. Sullivan in Aspectsof Science.