The mask 7 2 May 1915 naau_1915-05_01 The mask 7 2 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 Cellar Scene from Hebbel's "Genoveve." Dresden Court Theatre. Adolph Linnebach. Illustration 4 OLD AND NEW. J. S cre 5-6 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 6 Scene Design for Mr Fred Terry's Production of Sword and Song." Shaftesbury Theatre, London, 1904; by E. Gordon Craig. Illustration 7 SOME WORDS AND THEIR MEANING. 9-11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 A NOTE ON WORDS AND THEIR MEANINGS. John Ruskin cre 11-12 Untitled Image Illustration 12 A NOTE ON A PAGEANT STAGE Felix Urban cre 12-13; 15 Untitled Image Illustration 12 A Pageant Stage, showing A Garden of Animals and Birds, as represented in the Royal Entries. Illustration 13 A NOTE ON JAPANESE MARIONETTES, Gordon Craig cre 16-19 Untitled Image Illustration 16 Diagrams of Head and Arm of a Japanese Marionette. Illustration 17 Untitled Image Illustration 19 A PASSAGE FROM AN OLD BOOK. DEDICATED TO ANY STATESMAN OF THE REIGN OF KING GEORGE THE FIFTH. Thoreau, In "Walden cre 19-20 Untitled Image Illustration 20 "HAMLET" IN MOSCOW, Notes for a short Address to the Actors of the Moscow Art Theatre, Gordon Craig cre 21-27 Untitled Image Illustration 21 (November 19 1909), 21-22 (November 20 1909). 23 (November 22 1909). 23-24 Were Grasso, our stunning Giovanni, to interpret Hamlet we should 24-27 Untitled Image Illustration 27 IPhis is the gist of what 1 wished to say to the actors of the Moscow 27 Untitled Image Illustration 27 A HISTORY OF PUPPETS "Yorick cre 28-37; 39-41 A Marionette Maker at work, at the Arena Goldoni. Florence. Illustration 37 Untitled Image Illustration 41 CHI LO SA? A Note suggested by A Wood-Cut done in the Dark Days. A. C cre 42-43 Untitled Image Illustration 42 Untitled Image Illustration 43 THREE BOOK-PLATES Designed and Engraved WOOD ENGRAVERS OF SAN LEONARDO FLORENCE ITALY cre 44-45; 47; 49 Untitled Image Illustration 44 The Book-Plate of George Wolfe Plank. Designed and Cut by E. G. C. Illustration 45 A Book-Plate Designed and Engraved by Stanislas Lodochowskowski. Illustration 47 A Book-Plate Designed and Engraved by Samuel Prim. Illustration 49 SCREENS THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. SOME NOTES AND FACTS RELATIVE TO THE "SCENE" INVENTED AND PATENTED BY EDWARD GORDON CRAIG. 51-53 Untitled Image Illustration 53 THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. 54-56; 59-70 Untitled Image Illustration 54 Untitled Image Illustration 70 above plan of the Arena Goidoni shows the additions which have 57 Untitled Image Illustration 57 AN IMPRESSION OF THE "SCENE" an Eye-Witness cre Filiberto Scarpelli Firenze cre 71-73 Untitled Image Illustration 72 A Design for a Costume in "Bethlehem" produced at the University of London, 1903, byJGordon Craig. Illustration 73 IN DEFENCE OF THE SCENE OF VAST PROPORTIONS Louis Madrid cre Thomas A. Janvier 1895 cre 75-76 Untitled Image Illustration 75 A DESIGN FOR A SCENE. 77 Untitled Image Illustration 77 Untitled Image Illustration 77 THEATRES OF YESTERDAY AND TODAY 78-79 GROUND PLAN OF THE TEATRO FARNESE. PARMA. A. C cre 78 Untitled Image Illustration 78 Untitled Image Illustration 78 THE NEW COURT THEATRE IN DRESDEN. 79 Untitled Image Illustration 79 Untitled Image Illustration 79 BOOK REVIEWS, 80-85; 87-94 Untitled Image Illustration 80 THE NE W MO VEMENT IN THE 80-81 THE THEATRE OF TODAY, by 81-83 HOW TO SEE A PLAY, by 83-84 THE CHANGING DRAMA by 84-85; 87-88 Street Scene "Romeo and Juliet," Dentches Theatre, Berlin. Called in "The Theatre of Today," (by H. K. Moderwell) "an example of Reinhardt's early realistic style." As an example of realism it is poor. The designer was not Professor Reinhardt. Illustration 85 CHIEF CONTEMPORARY 88-91 VIS V A KARMA. 91 THE CONGO, and other Poems, 91-92 THE ROMANCE OF THE BE 92-93 STUDIES IN STA by 94 CENSORSHIP IN ENGLAND: 94 EDITORIAL NOTES. 95-98 Untitled Image Illustration 95 UNION AND . 95 A NOTE ON A JOURNAL. 95-96 ANYTHING WRONG ? 96-97 ON RECORDS OF ARTISTS. 97 ON THE SMALL SCALE. 98 A WORD ABOUT "THE MASK." 98 OUR NOBLE THEATRE. J. S cre 99-100 IN REMEMBRANCE OF Walter Crane Rupert Brooke Charles Frohmann. Illustration 99 Untitled Image Illustration 100 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 101 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 101 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 102 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 102 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 104 MAY i o I s Mil 81 K JU 1A • V % .£§£ tdh- r :V 9s &gt; 1 ST. v7»WA QUARTERLY JOURNAL OFTHE ART OF THE THEATREILLUSTRA TED. Volume Seven. Number Two. ARENA 80 L DON]FLORENCEITALYYEARLY SUBSCRIPTION FIFTEEN SHILLINGS. &amp; SINGLE COPY PRICE FOUR,SHILLINGS NET. &amp;TRADE AGENTS.S IM P KI N, MARSHALL, HAMILTON, &amp; CO. LOND O N.~ ' ■■■ ' m smm ■ y- THE MASK. MAY 1915. Stampata privafaßiente aU'Arena Qoldoni, Via de' Serragli, Firenze„a MV1 OLD AND NEW.J&amp; &amp; SOME WORDS AND THEIR MEANING. &amp; SOME WORDS AND THEIR &amp; WORDS AND THEIR MEANING. A NOTE ON A PAGEANT STAGE. A NOTE ON JAPANESE MARIONETTES. A NOTE ON JAPANESE MARIONETTES. . A PASSAGE FROM AN OLD BOOK. " HAMLET " IN MOSCOW. u HAMLET" IN MOSCOW. . •' HAMLET " INMOSCO W. . &amp; " HAMLET" IN MOSCOW. &amp; " HAMLET " IN MOSCOW. •' HAMLET " IN MOSCOIV. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. - A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. . A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF . A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. CHI LO SA? THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE . &amp; THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE . THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. &amp; THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. &amp; THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. AN IMPRESSION OF THE 44 SCENE." IN DEFENCE OF THE SCENE OF VAST PROPORTIONS. BOOK REVIEWS. - BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REV. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REV BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. EDITORIAL NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Gerente Responsabile GIULIO VANZI ANNOUNCEMENTS; FROM « THE MASK PRESS "ARENA O O L D O N I.FLORENCE, ITALY.mmrnaaamammmmmaimmmmmmmmmmmamMmmmmmmwmmmmmmmmmm-mmmimmmmmmmmmmmmmiemmmmmmmmmmmmmßKmmmmmammmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmMmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmm—-—— SUBSCRIPTION PRICES, THE MASK. VOLUME SEVEN. I1| *',e seventh Volume, of which this Is the second number,Three Editions are published, the yearly subscriptions, post free,w. uw to* these Editions being respectively as follows.Popular Edition. . . . Shillings 15. Dollars 4.00 |Kp Large Paper Edition (200 copies.) ~ 20. ~ 5.00 IEdition de Luxe. (15 copies.) ~ 65, „ 16.00 ITHE MASK. 1908... 1909... 1910... 1911... I9I2"« *9l3 I9M-- |A certain number of complete sets of Volumes 1, a, 3, 4, 5 &amp; 6.still remain, and, bound in vellum, may be obtained from this| office, price nine guineas, (doilars 4) a set. || A PEW EXTRA Vol. 4. shillings as dollars 6.50 each j| S SETS OF Vol. 5. .» »» ao. „ „ 5.50 ,» II I Vol. 6. ~ ~- ao. ~ ~ 5«5° »» 1I Volumes 5 or 6 Large Paper Ed, (vellum bound,) shillings as, |' dollars 6.50. &amp; &amp; •&amp; IOrders and Subscriptions may be sent direct to |THE MASK O ffi ces , Arena Oold on i, Florence , Italy, jor "The Society of the Theatre." 6, John St, Adelphi, London. Tel: 1601 Regent j slo M E\ OP/NI O N S Of AT "THE MASK" j- " " There is not a page in it which is not interesting I"and stimulating in a fine j« The Mask "always contains something worth j" and often something worth keeping' IPali Mall Gazette. I" A quite remarkable magazine, rich in intel- jligence. " IWestminster Gazette. I«A very amusing and st, as well as a most" beautiful, magazineThe Daily Telegraph. J LITERARY CONTENTS. OLD AND NEW John Semar. ... 93SOME WORDS AND THEIR MEANING (With anIntroductory Note) ...... Skeat. , . 97A NOTE ON A PAGEANT STAGE. . . Felix Urban .... 100A NOTE ON JAPANESE MARIONETTES. . . Gordon Craig. ... 104" HAMLET " IN MOSCOW Gordon Craig. ... 109A HISTORY OF PUPPETS (Continued). . . " Yorick" (P. Ferrigni) . 118CHI LO SA ? A Note suggested by a Wood-Cut. A. C 130SCREENS. THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONESCENE. Anon 139IMPRESSIONS OF THE " SCENE. . . W.B.Yeats .... 139A LETTER ON THE "SCENE" TO GIOVANNIGRASSO. , Filiberto Scarpelli- . . &gt;59IN DEFENCE OF THE SCENE OF VAST PRO- PORTIONS. . I . . . . . Louis Madrid. ... 163A DESIGN FOR A SCENE. A Dialogue. I .1 . J. S 165THEATRES OF YESTERDAY AND TODAY A. C 166BOOK REVIEWS. EDITORIAL NOTES.Short Extracts. John Ruskin. 99. Thoreau. 107. ILLUSTRATIONS. THE CELLAR SCENE FROM HEBBEL' S" QENOVEVA." (Frontispiece). . . . Adolph Lfnnebach.SCENE DESIGN FOR " SWORD AND SONG," 1904. Gordon Craig. 95A PAGEANT STAGE From an Old Print. . . 101FOUR DIAGRAMS OF A JAPANESE MARIONETTE. From an 18th Century Book. 104,105!A MARIONETTE MAKER AT WORK. G. N. . • . . . 135AN OLD ITALIAN WOOD-CUT. . . , . Anon A BOOK-PLATE, (for G. W. Plank) . . . Gordon Craig. . . . 138A BOOK-PLATE. ....... Stanislas Lodochowskowski. 135A BOOK-PLATE. . . . . . . Samuel Prim. . . . 137THE ARENA GOLDONI. FLORENCE. Diagram 145DESIGN FOR A COSTUME IN " BETHLEHEM Gordon Craig. ... 161AN OLD ITALIAN DESIGN Italian artist. ... 165GROUND PLAN. TEATRO FARNESE. PARMA . G. B. Aleotti. ... 166SECTIONAL PLAN. NEW COURT THEATRE.DRESDEN Lossow &amp; Kuhne Architects. 167 Cellar Scene from Hebbel's "Genoveve." Dresden Court Theatre. Adolph Linnebach. OLD AND NEW. J. S. gomething old and something new, and not too much of either.We are not Futurists,... alas, that is beyond us; nor can we bethe other blessed thing... Archivists.£&gt; There is plenty of room for a new Theatre [Journal (or even two),wherein nothing but what is to come is mentioned. There has been nosuch Journal as yet, but the room for it has always been made obvious byits absence.&amp; And there is no Journal entirely given up to research work of daysgone by, more's the pity; but the opportunity is never lacking.For our part we must content ourselves with but touching on boththe past and the future, and, as the present calls for a little notice, thattoo occupies some of our space.That the two great divisions of time, Past and Future, appeal tous as being each dependent on the other in this work of the Theatreshould surprise no one. Our wish is not to startle but to go on withour work.&amp; A success is out of the question.... wishing to succeed.&amp; To be " the latest thing " is our dread.... wishing to succeed.Never did we dream we should be thought to be revolutionary : hadno thoughts to deride 44 the old school " nor to laugh at honest failures.From the first we have praised the most contradictory things, theot iosand persons,Because we admire the old Greek we are not advocates ofmodern Greek Theatres, yet have shown admiration for the modern circus.Calling for masked actors, we have, nevertheless, given our enthu- siastic praise to the best non-masked actors. &amp; The great actor has called forth our applause, but the little actorhas asked for and deserved our criticism.Each branch of stage art we have been ready to accept.... except theamateurish.&amp; We have found good things to say of foreign artists without forget- ting that part of our duty is to call English artists to the fore.Towards America we have never attempted superior airs. But« Towards a New Theatre " we have ever striven to go.&amp; To gather new friends together and to keep our old friends hasbeen part of our task; but to do so without compromise, without havingto be a party to any of their little conspiracies enterprises.VVe have on foot one plot only: ...to move towards a New Theatre.Not to meet with the approval of loiterers or those wanting to takeshort cuts which lead nowhere, or those who, without madness or method,would waste our time in disparaging both inspiration and calculation.We disapprove so much in ourselves and regret so much our short- comings, that to listen to mild or exaggerated criticism of our mistakeswould seem to be only a waste of time.&amp; Faults galore we may have, but we move " Towards a NewTheatre ",.... a Theatre of the Future but founded on that of the Past.&amp; " On va bien loin depuis qu'on est las." Scene Design for Mr Fred Terry's Production of Sword and Song." Shaftesbury Theatre,London, 1904; by E. Gordon Craig. SOME WORDS AND THEIR MEANING. KATIE'S SERVICE. intend to give now and again the exact definitions and derivationsof some words used very often when writing or speaking of theDrama and the Theatre; for we are of the opinion that the real senseof these words is too often forgotten, and therefore seldom implied bywriters and speakers.lt would be no use to go into long essays on these words to say whatthey mean. One would never come to any end. But as some considerableuse has been served by reminding our friends of the derivation of thewords " Theatre " and " Drama," (1) we hope that similar results willobtain by enlarging our list.After all, in art as in life, the slight services are never without somevalue. Valuable, for instance, is the work of the man who cleans ourwindows for us, or who washes the crockery or sweeps the room! Valuablewas Katie's service. (2)One would by no means restrain the theatrical writers. Let themdash ahead and try to espress their meanings: but a few moments'thought as to what is the meaning of such words as Rhythm, Drama,Theatre, and so forth, is advisable ; for we come across such words fiveto fifteen times on a page of a modern critic's book.Take the word " Rhythm " for example. Its chief concern is with Timeand Measure. The word Time points to precision ; something clean-cutinstead of floppy. Yet the moderrs use the word in a vague sense andseem never to trouble to define to themselves its limits.«« Measure," too; something to do with feet and hands; but only, letus hope, with regulation feet and hands, or, for the law-breakers here,an elephant's foot or a baboon's hand would be Included In the standard,...and the result, anarchy of thought.«« Rhythm " Is used nowadays to imply something to do with everything,from sex to sandals A pity. The Theatre folk need not be concerned with transforming the world,but merely with doing their own particular little measured and particularlimited task to the best of their power.&amp; Transform the Theatre by all means; but let the Theatre transformLife If it likes. The task is not for you or for me. The Theatre is ourchild :... attend to its needs, render it ' Katie's service,' and will dothe greater work when we are dead and gone.... Avanti! SOME WORDS AND THEIR MEANING. TRAGEDY. French, derived from Latin derived from Greek.) OldFrench, tragedie, derived from Latin tragoedia; derived from GreekxpaycpSla a tragedy literally * a goat-song'; probably because the actorswere clad in goat-skins to resemble satyrs. Derived from Greek xpayipgoga tragic singer; literally 'goat-singer', derived from Greek xpay-og ahe-goat; (bSog a singer, contracted from aoiSog.&lt;£? Derivatives, trag-ic, French tragi que, Latin , Greek xpaytxogliterally ' goatish '.COMEDY. (French, derived from Latin, derived from Greek). OldFrench, comedie, ' a play'. Cotgrave's Dictionary, derived from Latin,comoedia derived from Greek a comedy, derived from Greekxwjjuodog a comic actor, derived from Greek, xa&gt;|xo-g a banquet; revel,festai procession; dotSog a singer, from astSeiv to sing. A comedy was afestive spectacle, with singing, etc.RHYTHM. FrencSi, derived from Latin derived from Greek. MiddleFrench rithme, Cotgrave's Dictionary 1660: derived from the Latinrhytmus; derived from the Greek pvOjioc, measured motion, time,measure; derived from the Greek p&amp;siv to flow.VAUDEVILLE. &amp; French. vaudeville, originally, a country ballad;•so tearmed of Vaudevire; a Norman town, wherein Olivier Bassel(or Basselin), the first inventer of them, lived ;'(1) Cotgrave's Dictionary, edition of 1660. Basselin was a Norman poet, (died about 1418), whosesongs were named after his native valley, the Vire Is inNormandy, South of Bayeux.DANCE. French; derived from Old High German. Middle Englishdauncen derived from Old French dan, derived from Old High Qermandanson, to drag along (as in a round dance), derived from Old HighQerman dans, 2nd grade of dinseti, to pull, draw; allied to EnglishThin. Compare Gothic ai-thinsan, to draw towards one.AMUSE', to divert. £&gt; (French, derived from Latin). French, am user, 'toamuse, make to muse or think of, to gaze at'; (Cotgrave's Dictionary. 1660.derived from the French &amp; (which equals the Latin ad), to, at; OldFrench, muser, to gaze at, stare at, muse. (1) The Mask. Volume I. page 93.(2) What?... you do not know who Katie is? ..and yet there is but one Katie cashriaed in perfect wordsin the History of "Zuleika Dobsoa. " (1) It is amusing to note in view of the amount of money made in England by 14 Vaudeville," that theMads of Olivier Bassel were "satiric songs against the English, who wanted to invade the kingdom." (seePougln's Dictionaire du Theatre). A NOTE ON WORDS AND THEIR MEANINGS. John Ruskin. " I tell you earnestly and authoritatively, (I 1 ani right In this),you must get into the habit ol looking intensely at words, andassuring yourself of their meaning, syllable by syllable ...nay, letter byletter....«« Let the accent of words be watched; and closely; let their meaningbe watched more closely still, and fewer will do the work. A few wordswell chosen, and distinguished, will do work that a thousand cannot,when every one is acting, equivocally, in the function of another.&amp; "Yes: and words, if they are not watched, will do deadly worksometimes. There are masked words droning and skulking about us 5nEurope just now, ....(there never were so many, owing to the spread ofa shallow, blotching, blundering, infectious 'information,5 or ratherdeformation, everywhere, and to the teaching of catechisms and phrasesat school instead of human meanings).... there are masked words, abroad,1 say, which nobody understands, which everybody uses, and most people will also fight for, live for, or even die for, fancying they mean this orthat, or the other; of things dear to them: for such words wearchameleon cloaks....   ground=&gt;!ton' cloaks, of the colour of the ground ofanj' man's fancy: cn that ground they lie in wait, and rend them witha spring from it. •** There never were creatures of prey so mischievous, never diplomat- ists so cunning, never poisoners so deadly, as these masked words:they are the unjust stewards of all men's ideas: whatever fancy orfavourite instinct a map most cherishes, he gives to his favourite maskedword to fake care of for him; the word comes to have at last an infinitepower over him,... you cannot get at him but by its ministry." A NOTE ON A PAGEANT STAGE by Felix Urban, A Pageant Stage, showing A Garden of Animals and Birds, as represented in the Royal Entries. he picture upon the opposite page shows one ofthe pageant stages used In olden days in Franceas part of the festivities which celebrated thesolemn 'entries' of royalty Into a city.£&gt; These 'entrees' took place on the occasion ofmarriages, of the return from conquests, of coro=nations, and other great events in the royal annals,and were signalized by splendid decorations and gorgeous processions and pageants.In those days the Theatre, formerly shrined in the churches, hadbeen brought out into the streets for ail the people, nobles and commonersalike: it was free to all, and the whole city was its stage. &amp; Paris, as the capitol city, had a lavish share of festivals; but Rheims,the city where the kings of Prance were crowned, was also the sceneof many splendid 4 entries,' with their accompanying rejQicings and grandtheatrical displays.On August 14, 1462, for example, when Louis XI made his 4 entree,'some mysteries were acted "at the expense of the funds voted for thecoronation "; and twenty one years later, when his'young son, Louis XII,44 entered the city on Saturday May 29th, 1484, after dinner; being less44 than fourteen years old," the chronicles give a detailed account of manyof the spectacles which greeted him as he passed along the streets.In one place was the Fountain of Youth, in which people were bathing,to renew their life, while above was Cupid, blind-fold, with an arrow,and Venus 44 dressed as a lady." On another raised stage was a grouprepresenting Romulus and Remus, with the wolf, shepherd, and otherlegendary characters, while further on was a stage on which appearedking Pharamond, first king of the French, surrounded by men dressedas Turks and Saracens 44 some armed, others not,.who were In the actof crowning him."All along the streets, as the procession went forward, 44 there were44 burning great torches of the kind that are carried at the Fdte Dleu,44 which are very large and massive, some being more than forty feet44 high and of quite sixty pounds of wax." Such, torches may be seen inthe Illustration reproduced here, and in many contemporary prints.The streets, also, were 44 weil apparelled, along the fronts of thehouses; some with boughs of trees, others with fine linen, others withtapestries, and others with paintings."At the Croix Saint Victor 44 on a stage well hung with tapestry was44 represented the Mystery of the Baptism and Annointing of King Clovis,44 first Christian king of the French" and so on, through a long list,does the chronicler record the patriotic or religious pageants which metthe procession in every street and square.&amp; I suppose that the street stagfe shown in the Illustration represents44 Orpheus " In the enchanted garden of his muse, to which the animalshave free entry, but wild men and kings have to remain without,....attracted, yes, but not yet quite ready to enter Eden. A NOTE ON JAPANESE MARIONETTES, by Gordon Craig. Diagrams of Head and Armof a Japanese Marionette. Porter Garnett se- veral years ago verykindly sent me these tra- cings of parts of a Japanesemarionette from designsin an 18th century bookon Marionettes and Stagecraft, owned by Dr ArnoldGenthe of San Francisco.&amp; I was at that timeoverwhelmed by a convic- tion that the marionette,even though but distantlyrelated to the Idol, heldsomething vital to thedevelopment of the Thea- tre : I felt that it was oneof the few things which counted in all the discoveries in the land of the stage.JG? 1 still feel this. My judgement has had time to ripen, and if notconvinced of the immediate advent of a world of super-marionettes torescue a special branch of the art of acting from decay, 1 am persuadedthat the marionette is the basis for a revival of that particular branch.Do not misunderstand me to mean that in reviving the Marionette asit was or as It Is, we can revive the branch of acting to which I allude.But by studying the nature of this creation of artists (and marionetteshave been made by artists of all nations since the earliest recordedtimes), by careful and serious and protracted study of the Idea In theIdol, in the Puppet, in the Doll, in Images of all kinds, we shall widenand not narrow our vision, and so, maybe, see things we would show toothers. This instinct to show others what we have seen is an essential.It keeps the creative instinct young; and, if nowadays this Instinct is dull, may it not be because we have forgotten our early training toshare our joys and our chocolates and our discoveries ? (i)And this Is one of the things I have been studying a little.... thenature of the marionette.&amp; And in this study, the tracings sent me by Mr Garnett are useful.The elaboration of the mechanism seems at first a little startling: ahand in which each joint of each finger is moveable seems a little unne- cessary ;we think of the two conventions followed by the Javanese: ofthe Turkish convention, and we must admit that this crab-like elaborationis aiming rather wide of the mark and hitting only the outer ring. Buton recalling the Italian, German, English and French efforts to hit thebullseye we see how short of the mark they are. as well as wide of it.The Japanese have done well in their marionettes because they haveat least hit the target,... If not in the centre.&amp; Their elaborate mechanism shows that they considered that Infinitecapacity for taking pains was not unworthy of the object they had inview;... a figure that should be comparable to the human figure in thatit could move anywhere and make a maximum number of movements,(if not the maximum), with head and hands, shoulders and legs.(There is a full-length design which Is not reproduced here becausethe tracing Is torn; but it shows that shoulders, neck, head, arms atall joints, fingers, trunk, hips, knees and feet are all flexible and moveableIn several different ways).I cannot say whether we have here the Ideal marionette. I thinknot: but we have a thorough one.The doll stage of the puppet has been passed. To go back to it should beunnecessary, except for the student who would practise In strict privacy.Ta display a doll is therefore not enough when once we have seenthis Japanese figure. Neither will it d'o to copy the Japanese and put on it a European orRussian Ballet costume. That short cut can be left to Messrs Browne,Smythe and de Jones. They will take it, rest assured.lmpotence detests creation for obvious reasons....But we must avoid copying this type, and can do so. Let us avoidcopying the other types I have mentioned.&amp; But after long meditation let some of us venture to exchange notes,(even if only with our sub-conscious selves), and record the results ofour vision, however vague, however " impossible."&amp; For there is that in the marionette of all times which arrests theattention of sages and children, and this force must not be wasted. (1) N. B. The experts Browne, Smythe and de Jones, who are bad at finding out anything but what Appia,Bakst, Fortuny, Brazicolli or L have discovered, will not be in the game or share any of the fun, (except bystealth,) because they have not observed the " rules" oi the game.I bave to mention this, for it is these experts who so often write to the press or chatter at tea-tables in awrythe of fury, that we are forgetting them, are not acknowledging that their art of theft is the art ofcreation, and are therefore setting it down as valueless to the theatre. A PASSAGE FROM AN OLD BOOK. DEDICATED TO ANY STATESMAN OF THEREIGN OF KING GEORGE THE FIFTH. Thoreau, In "Walden." There was an artist in the city of Kouroo who was disposed to striveafter perfection. One day It came into his mind to make a staff. Havingconsidered that in an imperfect work time is an Ingredient, but into aperfect work time does not enter, he said to himself, It shall be perfectin all respects, though I should do nothing else in my life.&amp; He proceeded instantly to the forest for wood, being resolved that itshould not be made of unsuitable material ; and as he searched for andrejected stick after stick, his friends gradually deserted him, for theygrew old in their work and died, but he grew not older by a moment.His singleness of purpose and resolution, and his elevated piety,endowed him, without his knowledge, with perennial youth. As he madeno compromise with Time, Time kept out of his way, and only sighedat a distance because he could not overcome him. Before he had found a stock in all respects suitable the city of Kouroowas a hoary ruin, and he sat on one of its mounds to peel the stick.Before he had given it the proper shape the dynasty of the Candaharswas at an end, and with the point of the stick he wrote the name of thelast of that race In the sand, and then resumed his work. By the time hehad smoothed and polished the staff Kalpa was no longer the pole-star;and ere he had put on the ferule and the head adorned with preciousstones, Brahma had awoke and slumbered many times.But why do I stay to mention these things? When the finishingstroke was put to his work, it suddenly expanded before the eyes of theastonished artist into the fairest of all the creations of Brahma.tie had made a new system in making a staff, a world with full andfair proportions; in which, though the old cities and dynasties had passedaway, fairer and more glorious ones had taken their places.And now he saw by the heap of shavings still fresh at his feet, that,for him and his work, the former lapse of time had been an illusion, andthat no more time had elapsed than is required for a single scintillationfrom the brain of Brahma to fall on and inflame the tinder of a mortalbrain. The material was pure, and his art was pure; how could theresult be other than wonderful ? "HAMLET" IN MOSCOW, Notes for ashort Address to the Actors of the MoscowArt Theatre, by Gordon Craig. (November 19 1909), do not want you, when you come to performthis Drama of Kings and Princes, to create theimpression of actors acting, for that nearly alwaysmeans something Insincere and which for someshameful reason we have been forced to hearcalled " theatricalBut you must not go to the other extreme.If you do so you will create an impression of everyday people who have never seen a court, much less a king, andwho have no idea of Royalty.£? The Royal is not yet the Theatrical although sometimes the twoare confused. You must attempt to move and speak as though youwere in an atmosphere which is rare.... for Shakespeare has madeit rare.To do this you must try to think rarely and see all things as rarethings. The stage offers nothing more difficult for your, talents. &amp; I am of the opinion that no band of actors will succeed in thoroughlyrepresenting this sense of Royalty until they become R0ya1.... and to dothis it will be necessary to live their lives with the object of cultureuppermost 5 for only by this means can they absorb that air which, alterit has entered a man, lends him at least a manner which is magnificentand a tone which is sweet.p It jg this manner and this tone which we need for the representationof Shakespeare's Dramatic Poems.I have said culture for I purposely limit our aspirations here toculture; if I went further I should say that we must first get into thatspiritual state of ecstacy which we can better imagine than tell about.But for our purpose... Shakespeare's purpose... a Royal state is enough,...nay, is it not half the way to a Religious state ; and If we can acquire it on e way or another shall we not all be very fortunate, being nearerby a step towards the spiritual state ?JP And how to acquire it ?jg? Now here you bring me face to face with a Riddle at once verydifficult and quite easy to solve.How to make something which is Rounded at each end stand up oneither end the Egg of Columbus.I can help you but 1 cannot teach you, for this is a thing which noman can teach. 1 can tell you some things which, if you will believethem, will unfailingly bring you in time nearer to that state which wehave called ecstatic.&amp; Remember that the acme of ecstasy is not apparent excitement, butapparent calm. It is the white heat of emotion ;... that is to say, it isalmost trance. This state has a thousand names and takes a myriadforms. We call it wisdom.4Z? it Is pure emotion with all Its impurity burnt away.ln order to have the courage to make the attempt to enter such astate, some great promise must be given you that the attempt will notbe made in vain.I will give you that promise. You must believe me, for what 1 say istrue. I promise you that you can reach any state provided you can seebeyond it. 1 know quite well that you have at least ten or twentytimes in your life seen or felt things which seemed mad to you. Youavoided these feelings not because you disliked them but because yousaw no use to put them t0,... and so grew frightened. In other words,your Imagination awoke in you and possessed you for a moment or two.Now I tell you that you must awaken your Imagination and let It possessyou entirely. Be less frightened of those moments when they come.Go towards them.... run the risk: leave yourself free with them; letthem possess you. Ecstasy is nothing else than a kind of madness.... akind of madness, remember, not any kind of madness.It is all which is Rapid... White... Glowing... Circular... Vast... Steady.It is all that you dare to dream about and fear to go near.&amp; It is the great Danger.And for this very reason I tell you that you must go to meet it. (November 20 1909).Y'ou want to be able to understand and interpret one of the greatestworks of genius which the world possesses and therefore you mustbring yourselves nearer to the state of that genius.You must become ecstatic. You must lose yourself.It is Impossible to believe that you can interpret so great a workwithout making use of your own greatness. You cannot do it by your reason,which is your littleness. You can only do it by the power of Imagination.If you can loosen the&lt; bonds which imprison your freedom (and yourimagination is your freedom) you will be in a state to receive thecommunications of my imagination.j£f We can then advance upon the work and master its secrets.£? If you remain tied by your intellect or reason you would neverunderstand me and so we should be unable to achieve anything. And Ihave only one thing to communicate to you. The ecstasy of Shakespeare.Under this heading a thousand moments of madness are gathered. (November 22 1909).is something which, when it seems to succeed is called Heroic:when it seems to fall is called Polly.&amp; To attempt what is called the Impossible,... that is Madness, andthat is Good.&amp; On October 20th 480 B. C. was fought the Battle of Salamis. TheGreeks had 380 ships, the Persians 2000 ships led by Xerxes.&amp; This is the gist of the words spoken by Themistocles the Greekgeneral, before the battle." The argument of it was that in all things that are possible to man'snature and situation, there is always a higher and a lower" and thatthey must stand for the higher. (1)They did so,... and they won the battle; and the madness of theattempt was called Heroic... and justified.&amp; You must make this same mad attempt In " Hamlet and " if theMuses leave us may we die." (2) £? And now that I've told you what I want you to do let me advise you• ■what not to do.Do not, I beg of you, do not think too much.Everybody has a habit of thinking, but modern actors think muchtoo much.jSf No one by thinking can see the sky. He sees it and realises It throughhis senses.To think when music is playing would be idle... one must merelyreceive it into the soul through the senses.&amp; And it is to be so with our Hamlet. Let your brains rest and absorbthe beauty of Hamlet through your eyes and ears and do not forget whatis called touch, for it has much to do with your movement.By means of the brains... by thinking, one can act cleverly. A cleverman is he who thinks; and you are acknowledged by Europe to be the» ....cleverest company of actors in the west.By means of the senses and the soul you may become the mostprofound... the most beautiful... the most spiritual.&amp; So, my dears, do not think too much... and feel more,... much more.And let me tell you here that 1 love you all very much and will doanything I can, and all I can, to be of help to you during this yourinterpretation of our Hamlet; but that it is you who have the hardertask,... that is, to bring yourselves willingly into the simplest state ofbeing possible; and you can only do this by choosing the higher in placeof the lower means: the senses and the soul instead of the brain. (1) Heroditus.(2) Euripides. Were Grasso, our stunning Giovanni, to interpret Hamlet we shouldexpect and ask for red heat. That is another story..&lt;2? Hamlet is a saint yet loves Ophelia.... in that he is a saint; yetkills Polonius... in that a saint....jSf How so? you ask. Because he is the creation of Imagination, becausea Poet gave birth to iiim. He is no reality.&amp; Remember Gioconda's smile which is Leonardo's smile.... Hamlet hasthat smile.Yet Hamlet talks much ?&amp; Weil, we must not touch on that dread matter, for it is, alas, tootrue. Can the actor nowadays understand this state of being createdthrough the Imagination ?... can he attain to it ?&amp; To the point then. This is a question which slowly and unwillinglythrusts forwards for an answer....&amp; It is as Tragic as the Tragedy of Hamlet.&amp;If the reply is "No then why is it he cannot understand it ?Because N0!.... No man but only angels may answer this question,when Love by luck returns into the Theatre the Theatre will be reborn.&amp; When it returns to Earth it will enter the Theatre.&amp; Come, Chuang Tzu, come to my help; tell them what 1 mean,.... orrather tell them that I am not utterly wrong in that by Passion I meannot the passions:....&amp; " Hui Tzu said to Chuang Tzu : 'Are there, then, men who have no" passions ?' Chuang Tzu replied : 'Certainly'.'&lt; 'But if a man has no passions', argued Hui Tzu, 'what is it that" makes him a man ? '" 'Tao', replied Chuang Tzu, 'gives hint his expression, and God gives" him his form. How should he not be a man ?'£? " 'lf, then, he is a man,' said Hui Tzu, 'how can he be without pas- " sions ?' What you mean by passions,' answered Chuang Tzu, 'is not" what I mean. By a man without passions 1 mean one who does not" permit good and evil to disturb his internal economy, but rather falls" in with whatever happens, as a matter of course, and does not add to" the sum of his mortality." &amp; 44 The pure men of old slept without dreams, and waked without" anxiety. They ate without discrimination, breathing deep breaths.44 For pure men draw breath from their uttermost depths; the vulgar44 only from their throats. Out of the crooked, words are retched up44 like vomit. If men's passions are deep, their divinity is shallow.£/ 44 The pure men of old did not know what it was to iove life nor to44 hate death. They did not rejoice in birth, nor strive to put off dis- -44 solution. Quickly come and quickly go ;... no more. They did not forget44 whence it was they had sprung, neither did they seek to hasten their44 return thither. Cheerfully they played their allotted parts, waiting44 patiently for the end. This is what is called not to lead the heart44 astray from Tao, nor to let the human seek to supplement the divine.44 And this is what is meant by a pure man." (November 30 1909).It has been proved by experience that the Shakespearean Dramatic Poemscannot be performed in the same manner as we perform modern Plays.&amp; All the colour departs from the Poems when we act them as we actIbsen, or Tchekov.One difference between Shakespeare and the modern writers is thatwhereas they deal in men and women he deals In types. His lover is thetype of all lovers, distinguished by nothing but his passion. We know nodetails about his life: we do not know his character. Shakespeare onlyshows us his passion. It is the Poet's passion. Romeo sings and floats before u5,... he does not converse and walk. He loves... loves again...sickens... revives... sickens again... meets Fate... and dies.And Passion, not Character, stamps its mark on the whole tragedyof Romeo and Juliet. It is only where something comic has to be revealedthat Character is made use of. I learnt this from my friend Yeats, ourgreat Irish poet.&amp; Well then...A company of actors who would perform this play must weigh allthis very thoroughly.It is because modern stage managers and actors attempt to turnShakespeare's Dramatic Poems into Plays of Character that they produceso lamentable results.Hamlet is made up of Passion... Style,,. Music... and Vision: but notCharacter.Character appears incidentally in the figures of the two Grave-diggers,and even they have something of that strange mystic appearance, thatstrange and magic expression of face which arrest our attention in manyof the Greek portraits and in the Pompetan frescoes.On looking at them we are startled by what they appear to see....or what they have seen long ago and is reflected in their eyes andmouth. A gravity which lends a rare beauty to the staring eyesand slightly opened mouth. (In Greek Tragedy or Comedy masks themouth was indicated as open. It is the passionate state. The closedmouth is the intellectual state). Character appears also in Osrlc... andin Polonius.&amp; And now... how shall a company of actors who have trained themselvesto represent Plays of Character as you have done, who have based yourmethods of representation upon actuality instead Poetry and Imagi- nation, how shall they wrestle with Hamlet ?Shall they do better than treat it as a Romance... a thing of fancy,...or an actuality? Dare they face the thing as it is?To me the secret of performing the play lies in the capacity of theactor to understand Passion,... the white heat of Passion, the cairn ofPassion, its ecstasy, and in having given his Hfe to the creation of atechnique which shall convey ecstasy to those who look on. IPhis is the gist of what 1 wished to say to the actors of the MoscowArt Theatre. But on seeing their kind faces and wrinkled brows I hadnot the heart to add one more wrinkle. 1 had at least the wit to abstainonce more:.... and 1 made one more design for an Über-Marionette. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS by "Yorick". A Marionette Maker at work, at the Arena Goldoni. Florence. ic &lt;■&gt; PUPPETS IN FRANCE. (Continued) •yhe list of plays represented In France by the burattini during thatstormy and glorious period Is too interesting, and too useful to thegeneral history of the Theatre, to be left out of these pages. It is cer- talnly Incomplete, but it Is the only one that can be proved by documen- tary evidence, after long and diligent research, which I, myself, havemade through the " Dlctionnaire des Theatres de Paris " compiled by theBrothers Parfaict. This, then, is the list:...«« Alceste ". A parody in three acts of the lyric tragedy of AlessandroHardy, which bears the same title. Author anonymous. It is thought tobe the work of Dominique and Romagnesi. It was represented at theFair of Saint Germain in 1739.(Dominique was really Pier Francesco Biancolelli, an Italian, and ason of Domenico Biancolelli, an excellent actor, who took part inthe company, conducted by the famous " Scaramuccia " in 1653. PierFrancesco was born in Paris in 1581; studied in the College of the Jesuits,then followed at Toiosa the Italian comedians of the Pascariello company,acting the part of Arlecchino, in which his father had been inimitable.Giovanni Antonio Romagnesi, also an Italian, was the son of Gaetano delMarc' Antonio and of Brigida Fedeli of Mantua, all comic actors. Hisadventures might serve as the subject of a Song romance).*'Arlequin amant desesp£re ". A pantomime performed by the ma- rionettes of Bienfait at the Fair of Saint-Germain on Friday the 20th ofFebruary, 1749." Arlequin courier ". A piece in one act with vaudeville airs, playedby the marionettes of Le Vasseur, (called ** Les comediens practiciens ")at the Fair of Saint-Germain in 1749* (Practiciens, because whoever spokefor the burattini used a " strega " or " pivetta ", which in French iscalled " pratique "). &amp; 44L'Assemblee des Polssardes ou Polichinelle Maitre d'hote! Pro- duction in one act by Carolet, represented by marionettes at the Fair ofSaint-Germain in 1737.&amp; (Argument. Pulcinella under the name of Rapinet, and having receiveda fair patrimony, acts the master of the house to a number of wealthySignori; he is thinking of taking as his wife, Ghita, the daughter ofFlanchet, a seller of dried cod-fish. The marriage is to take place thatday, and in honour of it, Pulcinella proposes to take the young lady andher mother to the theatre of the Opera comique. This good intention isdisturbed by the arrival of Rudepogne, another pretender for the handof the girl. He threatens to murder the " sposo ". Pulcinella acts thebully, but is in mortal fear. Fortunately everything is arranged ; the14 sposi" complete their union and Pulcinella invites all the fishwives ofthe market to a festa at which a Savoyard exhibits a rfiarmotte. Thenfollows dancing and general merry-making.44 La grande mere amoureuse ". In one act by Fuzelier, a parody ofthe musical opera 44Atys" by Qulnault. Played by the marionettes ofBienfait, 1710.44 Les aventures de la Foire Saint-Laurent ". In one act"; authoranoymous, represented Friday the 23rd. June, 1736.44 Colombine aux enfers ou Arlequin vainqueur de Pluton ". A pan- tomime performed by the marionettes of Bienfait at the Fair of S. Lorenzoin the year 1748.&amp;44 Colombine Nitetis ". A parody In three acts of " Nitteti a tragedyby Danchet. Author Alessio Piron. Acted by the marionettes of Bienfaiton Sunday the 7th. of March 1723.44 La course galante ou L'ouvrage d'une minute ". An act in prose byCarolet. Represented by the marionettes of La Place at the Fair ofS. Lorenzo in 1722. Parody of a comedy by Legrand, called 44 Le Galantcoureur ou L'ouvrage d'un moment ". &amp;44 La descente d'Enee aux enters Played at the marionette theatreef Bienfait in February 1747-&amp; Les Dieux ou Les noces de Venus ". In one act. A comedy byLaffichard acted by marionettes at the Fair of Saint-Germain, on Sunday,the 3rd. of February 1743.« Les eaux de Passy ". A comedy by Carolet, performed by the ma- rionettes of Bienfait at the Fair of Saint-Germain in 1724.&amp;  &lt; Le femme dlablesse A comedy with music, by the marionettes ofBienfait at the Fair of S. Lorenzo in the month of August, 1746.« La fille ". Parody In three acts of Voltaire's tragedy," Alzlra" Author unknown. Played by the marionettes of Bienfait inMarch 1736.&amp; " Les fleurs ". Pantomime acted by the marionettes of Le Vasseuratthe Fair of Saint-Germain the 18th. February, 1749.&amp; 44 L'lle des fees ou Le geant aux marionnettes ". Comedy in one actand in vaudeville, author anonymous, played by the marionettes ofBienfait on Tuesday the 12th. July 1735**' La grenoullllere galante ". Parody in three acts, prose and music,of 44 Les Indes galants ". Author Carolet, represented by marionettes atthe Fair of S. Lorenzo in the same year.1** Le ravissement d'Heiene ". Spectacular production of Fuzelier,acted in the marionette theatre, called 4&lt; Vittoria " by the burattini ofBertrand at the Fair of Saint-Germain in 1705.44 Javotte ". A parody in one act of the tragedy of Voltaire 44 Merope "%Author Valois, Given by the marionettes of Bienfait at the Fair ofSaint-Germain in 1743. " L'impromptu de Polichinelle " in one act, prose and music by Vaiois.Played by Bienfait's marionettes at the Fair of San Lorenzo 1735.&lt;&lt; ines et Marianne aux champs Elysees By Carolet. One act, playedby Bienfait's marionettes at the Fair of San Lorenzo in 1724. A parodyof " Ines de Castro " by De la Motte, and of " Marianna " by Voltaire.&amp;" Le marchand ridicule Performed by the marionettes of Gillot atthe Fair of Saint-Germain in 1708. Author anonymous.»« L© manage d'ArJequin et de Colomblne par Jupiter ". A pantomimeacted by the marionettes of Blenfait at the Fair of Saint-Germain, onMonday the 17th. February, 1749-&amp; 44 Les Metamorphoses de Polichinelle". Anonymous. An act in proseand music, played by Bienfait's marionettes at the Fair of Saint-Germainin 1740. A satire on Italian actors in Paris.&amp; La Noce interrompue ". by Carolet. Represented by the marionettesof Bertrand at the Fair of Saint-Germain in 1717-&lt;• Les noces de Polichinelle et de la veuve Barnabas "• Anonymous.Acted by Bienfait's marionettes at the Fair of Saint-Germain in 1738.j0 44 L'ombre du cocher poete ". Prologue of the " Arrontino d'amore "and of " Pierrot Romolo ", by Fuzeller, Le Sage and D'Orneal. Presentedin February 1722 by marionette strangers who acted under the name ofLa Place.j0 " Les petites maisons ". In one act by Carolet. Performed by Bienfalt amarionettes at the Fair of San Lorenzo In 1727*j0 " Le cocher maladroit otf Polichinelle Phaeton ' • Parody of Fetonte ,a lyric tragedy by Quinault. By Carolet's marionettes in l74o»«« Pierrot Romulus ou Le ravisseur poli A parody of 44 Romolo " a tragedy by La Motte. Authors, Le Sage, Fuzeller and Orneval. Acted bythe marionettes of La Place. A much applauded work, full of spirit andof comic element.I&amp; 44 Polichineile a la guinguette de Vaurigard ". One act, prose andmusic. Author anonymous. Marionette theatre of Bienfait in August 173 L&amp;•' Polichineile Amadis ". A parody on 44 Amadigl di Gaola a lyrictragedy by Quinault. Author anonymous. Bienfait's marionette theatre,March 1733.*&amp; 44 Polichineile Alcide ". Comedy by Carolet. represented by the ma- rionettes of Bienfait, Thursday, February 26th. the following year. A parodyon 44 Omfale " a lyric tragedy by De la Motte.&amp; 44 Polichineile Apollon ou Le Parnasse moderne ". By Carolet. Playedby Blenfait's marionettes in 1732.&amp; 44 Polichineile Atys ". A parody on the lyric tragedy of 44 Atys " byQuinault. Author, Carolet. Bienfait's marionette theatre at the Fair ofSan Lorenzo in the same year.44 Polichineile Colin-Maillard ". Anonymous. By Gillot's marionettes,without date.44 Polichineile Compte de Paonfier ". A parody on 44 Glorieux ", acomedy by Destouches. Author, a beginner, Largitiere junior. March 1733.£? 44 Polichineile Cupidon ou L'amour contrefait ". Comedy in one actby Carolet. Bienfait's marionettes at the Fair of San Lorenzo 1731.&amp; 44 Polichineile distributeur d'esprlt ". One act by Valols d'Orbille forBienfait's marionettes at the Fair of Saint-Germain, 1741.44 Polichineile maitre macon ". Comedy In one act by anonymousauthor for Bienfait's marionettes at the Fair of Saint-Germain, 1744. 44Polichlnelle Persde Parody in one act on the Opera 44 Perseo "by Quinault, Author anonymous. Bienfait's marionettes at the Pair ofSaint-Germain, 1737»44 Polichineile Pyrame ". A parody of the lyric tragedy of 44 Piramo eTisbe by Quinault. Author anonymous. Bienfait's marionettes at the Pairof Saint-Germain, 1740.4&amp; 44 La princesse de Golconde ou L'heureuse ressemblance ". An operettaby Carolet, 1737-0 44 Les rejouissances publiques ou Le retour de la Paix ". A productionin prose and music by an anonymous author, for Levasseur's marion- ettes, 1749*N0 44 Le Remouleur d'amour " in one act by Le Sage, Fuzeller andD'Orneval, played by La Place's marionettes In February 172a.0 44 Le songe ou Le r£ve de l'amour ". One act, author anony- mous, acted by marionettes at the Fair of San Lorenzo in 1735*0 44 Le amans peureux ". A parody on the opera 44 Teti e Peleo " byFontenelle the following year.044 Tiresias "• A comedy in three acts by Alessio Piron; piayed at thetheatre of Francisque by marionettes of natural size 1722 at the Fair ofSaint-Laurent.0 44 Tiresias aux quinze vlngts ". A comic piece in one act by Carolet.A parody on the preceding comedy. Represented by La Place's marionettesat the same Fair and in the same year#0 44 L'un pour I'autre ". A parody on the comedy 44 Amor per amore "«One act, by Valois d'Orvilie, 174 L0 ** Orphes et Euridyce ". One act. The following year. &amp; 44 Arlequln au Sabbat ". Pantomime executed by Bienfait's marionet- tes in February 1752." La prise de Charleroy ". Played by Bienfait's marionettes Augustnth. 1746, and preceded by the three following productions.« Arlequin vainquer de la femme de son maitre.«4 Le jeu des bonnes marionnettes ".&amp; 44 Les amusements comiques de Polichinelle ". APOGEE AND DECADENCE. As soon as the temporary Fairs were suppressed and permanent Fairswere established In their stead, puppet theatres were transferredto the new localities without delay, and were erected in even largernumbers, and in a better and more elegant style# Moreover the managersof them called to their aid, not only decorators, machinists, scene-paint®ers, dressers, lamp lighters and firemen, but inventors of every kind ofspectacle and of every kind of marvel and surprise.One of those little theatres, constructed according to the designs ofa leading architect, belonged to Fourre, a very clever 44 impresario " ofburattini and full of audacity, who was not afraid to put upon the stagefor the first time a great mythological 44 ballo," of which the title was44 Giunone all' inferno." The representation of it involved stupendous and»surprising mechanism, the most ingeniously formed automata, that movedby the action of springs and counterweights, a rich 44 vestlario " andinnumerable characters, together with dances, transformations, fireworks,changes of scenery before the eyes of the public, and fierce combats be- tween the people of Olympus and the infernal spirits.&amp; The experiment was to meet with favour later on, but it did not atfirst bring much gain or advantage to its daring originator. The publicpreferred satirical comedies, lively farces and the caricatures and parodiesthat formed the greater part of the repertory of marionettes.I should have to travel a long way If I desired to follow my charming little heroes to the permanent theatres of the Boulevard du Temple,under the direction of the immortal Servandoni;... of the TuiUeries underthe active Nicolet, who had taken as his device, the motto 44 de plus forten plus fort "... of Versailles under Audinot... and of the Palais Royal,under the galleries constructed by the Duke de Chartres in 1784, wherethe small 44 sala" became later the theatre that bears even now thesame name.£&gt; It will be sufficient to remember that the marionettes of Audinot,for whom Giovan Battista Nougaret wrote some of his most charming44 vaudevilles," Initiated in 1770 those sprightly representations, thatwere then known under the name of "Ambigu comique," a denominationthat is still preserved in one of the theatres of the great Capital.&amp; 1 should recall also that the Regent of France offered to receive themarionettes of Bertrand at the Court; that the Duchess de Montpensierengaged a company of Neapolitan 44 pupi " for her paiace, and that theburattini of 44 Seraphin " obtained the title of 44 Spectacle des Enfantsde France."&amp; When the terrible revolution broke out, that was destined to changethe face of the civil world, marionettes, as was natural, divided into twoparties, and fought In opposing camps, so that while in the Memoirs ofthe Marquis de Custine we read an account of the imprisonment of anaristocratic showman, whose Pulcinella had ridiculed the 44Pere Duchesne;"we stand horrified at the 44 Vieux Cordeliier " of Camille Desmouiins " Inthe pages of which, overflowing with righteous indignation, he describesthe decapitation of Pulcinella in a marionette theatre, at the same placeand hour, In which, by the executioner's hand, the head of the descendantof St. Louis was to roll upon the scaffold.But let us turn our eyes away from those sad sights and consoleourselves by thinking of the times In which our charming little wooden44 personaggi " were received, caressed and acclaimed in the good societyof the preceding centuries.&amp; Tallemant des Reaux, in a little story of the year 1550, relates thatmarionettes entered the palace of the Duke de Guise one day, to divertthe amours of the nephew of 44 Balafre" with Mademoiselle de Pons, hisbeautiful favourite. We know from Malezieux that the young prince Dombes, in order to induce Mademoiselle d' Enghien to come to bim,promised her a Pulcinelia play:..." Pour prix d' une action si belie.Je vous proniets Policbinelle."Now Malezieux was an illustrious poet, one of the forty "immortals"of the Academy, the friend, confidant and secretary of the Duchess deMaine and the organizer of the wonderful ** fStes " in the park at Sceaux,where marionettes were always honoured and appreciated. The Apollo ofSceaux wrote for the burattini of the Duchess an infinity of madrigals,odes, stanzas, and epigrams to be recited or sung at intervals, and hecomposed every now and then satirical comedies, In the course of whichhis learned and venerated colleagues of the Academy were not alwaystreated with fraternal benevolence.The marionettes of Sceaux allowed themselves to discharge more thanone envemoned shaft against that exalted school; they ridiculed themajesty of the President De Mesmes, and criticised, always bitterly andsometimes maliciously, the books that were published by the membersof the august assembly. And here we see Pulcinelia as a philologistfalling out with the " Immortal " and ready to argue about the etymologyof a word, the nationality of a phrase or the legitimacy of an adjective.£&gt; The quarrel, violent as the quarrels of grammarians and masters oflanguage usually are, soon became personal, and Malezieux, who hadassumed the position of " capocomico " in the service of the dissentingAcademicians, moved his ground from Sceaux to the Hotel de Tresmes,and tried to win the Duke de Bourbon to his side.But that was not the first, nor was it to be the last of the disputesbetween Pulcinelia and the learned academic Assembly. In a book, byMaurepas, dated 1752, I find recorded a " Requeste du sieur Pollchinellea Nosseigneurs de i'Academie francaise etablis au Louvre," in which ourintrepid burattino demands that the right should be conceded to him oftaking part in Academical meetings.With the great king, Louis xiv, marionettes were on excellent termsfrom the time when they went to the palace of Saint-Germain to divertthe melancholy early days of the Dauphin, but that friendship wasbecoming cooler and the king was beginning to manifest some displeasure towards them, until one day, Madame de Maintenon, observing that hisMajesty was showing signs of weariness, summoned to Versailles " quelcaro pazzo di Pulcinella " in company with Colombina, Lelio and theCapltano Spavento. The monarch laughed heartily over " Victolre deDenaln," a bold dialogued " pamphlet," in which Marshal de Villars wasrepresented under the guise of " Scarabombardone," and bitterly attackedfor his fanfaronnades toutes gasconnes." If any Courtier, no matterhow exalted in rank and importance, had dared to express one half ofthe criticisms that Pulcinella discharged habitually with such perfectfreedom, even the Bastille itself could not have provided a prison darkenough, or locks and bolts of sufficient strength and security for hispunishment and confinement.*2? In 1746 Le Comte d' Eu, a great master of artillery, invited thei?urattini to his residence in the castle of Sceaux (the same that hadbelonged to the Duchesse de Maine), and desired to manage the wires ofthe articulated little "figurine" himself, and also to speak for the dumb" personaggi." Voltaire, who assisted at that unusual spectacle, becameso much interested in the performance, that he was reconciled " Ipsofacto " with the marionettes, who had been guilty of treating his" Merope " with such scant respect, and, going behind the curtain, tookhold of the wires and directed them with his own hand and, finally,dragged Pulcinella to the front and improvised a gracious complimentfor the courteous host:..,'* Polichinelle de grand coeur,Prince, vous remercie:. En me faisant beaucoup d' honneur,Vous faites mon envie.Vous possedez tousles talents,Je n'al qu'un caract&amp;re:J'amuse pour quelques moments,Vous savez toujours plaire.On salt que vous faites mouvolrDe plus belles machines:Vous fites sentir leur pouvoirA Bruxelles, a Malines." And thus It happened that king Voltaire made peace with kingPulcinella and soon afterwards the two monarchs were together at thecastle of Cirey, where the Sovereign of French literature extended cordialand conspicuous hospitality to the Prince of Italian Burattini. After abanquet the author of " Pucelle " rubbed his hands together as a signof sincere contentment, embraced " Madame de Ch&amp;telet," made eyes at" Madame de Graffigny," invited his fortunate guests by a wave of hishand,... and passed into the hall of the theatre, where, now spectator,now director of the play, he listened attentively to the performance of" L'Enfant prodigue," and then, in a mischievous vein, produced " Lemariage de Pollchinelle," a satire that, as Madame Graffigny writes, wasfull of fun and frolic, " avec des propos £ mourir de rire* ou il fourrait lacoteri? de M.le Due de Richelieu, 1' hlstoire de I'abbe Des Fontaines ettoutes sortes de contes, toujours sur le ton italien."j2? It should be remembered also that Voltaire did not regard marionettesas a frivolous entertainment, infantile, unworthy of him, and only goodfor the purpose of killing time; on the contrary, he took them quiteseriously and discussed the merits of piays suited to their limited stage,and applied philological theories to the traditional characters of burat- tinesque *'personaggi "precisely as Jean Jacques Rousseau did in thefirst part of the first book of " Confessions," in which he left a recordof his real sympathy with wooden actors; or like Francois de Nantes,who, in the time of the first Napoleon, excused the negligence of an" " In the Ministry, who confessed that he was in the habit ofstopping every morning to watch Pulcinella; or like Madame Pdlicier,a celebrated singer at the Opera, who gave a pension to a certainshowman, on condition that he came twice a day to give her a privateperformance; or like Pont de Veyle and Francesco Nau, who wrote littlecomedies and "intermezzi" for the burattini "da salotto; " or likeHeinrich Heine, who discussed the possibility of composing a new " Faust"out of the detached parts of the different " Puppenspielen ;" or, again,tine Beranger, who regarded the world as one vast theatre of marionettesgoverned by its " Dieu des bonnes gens " and established for the amuse*ment of women. 44 Pr&amp;s des femmes que sommes-nous ? Des pantins qu' on ballotte.Messieurs, sautez, faites les fous,Au gre de letir marotte.Le plus lourd et le plus subttlaFont la danse complete,Et Dieu pourtant n'a nils qu' un fllA chaque marionnette."But the brightness of this period for French marionettes began todecline with the decline of the eighteenth century. Francois de Nantes,Heine and B6ranger, who belong more to the nineteentli century, werealready regarded as fantastic, and it was, precisely, because of theirtenderness for burattini. By degrees the number of theatres " di genere "Increased, a class of theatre in which real dramatic work was becomingevery day, more and more, a matter of secondary Importance, and so,gradually, the little " pupazzi " theatres were closed and disappeared;showmen emigrated to country places, where the repertory was reducedto a few little comedies, suitable for the amusement of children, andPulcinella, under the Republic, was seen no more. (1) P. Ferrigni. CHI LO SA? A Note suggested byA Wood-Cut done in the Dark Days. A. C. iphey say that the two men who designed and cut this design were paidpractically nothing, those were the good old days: and they saythat the people who bought the prints and the bits of text paid verylittle for them and enjoyed them and were heard calling them beautifulfor one reason or another. Great wars in those times, too; unheard ofslaughter on battle-fields,... even five hundred, even a thousand at anydecisive engagement. Really clever men lived then, but mechanicallydeficient.... Chi lo sa ?&amp; They were obliged to cut this block by hand... did not choose to doso; the world, its mind and conditions, its religions and its public, forcedthe thing to be done by hand. What a barbarous time these good old times were! Think of the poorslave of an artist ...forced to cut wood !£/ How far forward civilization has brought us.ln those times we enjoyed our hours and our days. Now if we don'tenjoy our minutes whose fault is it ?Time,... that degenerate old man who, instead of changing with thetimes, keeps to the ancient order of things.&amp; Order of things ?... order 0f.... order.... or £/ Chi lo sa ? THREE BOOK-PLATESDesigned and Engraved by THE WOOD ENGRAVERS OFSAN LEONARDOFLORENCEITALY. The Book-Plate of George Wolfe Plank. Designed and Cut by E. G. C. A Book-Plate Designed and Engraved by Stanislas Lodochowskowski. A Book-Plate Designed and Engraved by Samuel Prim. SCREENSTHE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. SOME NOTES AND FACTS RELATIVE TO THE "SCENE"INVENTED AND PATENTED BY EDWARD GORDON CRAIG. (0 The following Extracts are taken from several sources, and expressMr IV. B. Yeats' personal experience of the value to the DramaticPoet of this invention, based upon his own use of it. FROM THE " PREFACE " TO" PLA YS FOR AN IRISH .""A" summer I have been playing with a little model, where there is ascene capable of endless transformation, of the expression of everymood that does not require a photographic reality. Mr Craig.... who hasinvented all this.... has permitted me to set up upon the stage of Abbey another scene that corresponds to this, on the scale of a foot foran inch, and henceforth I shall be able, by means so simple that onelaughs, to lay the events of my plays amid a grandeur like that ofBabylon; and where there Is neither complexity nor compromise nothingneed go wrong, no lamps become suddenly unmasked, no il!-pa!nted cornercome suddenly Into sight. » Henceforth I can all but 44 produce " my play while 1 write It, movinghither and thither little figures of cardboard through gay or solemnlight and shade, allowing the scene to give the words and the words thescene.&amp;44 I am very grateful for he has banished a whole world that weariedme and was undignified and given me forms and lights upon which I canplay as upon some stringed instrument.W. B. Yeats. October 1911. FROM THE " NOTES " TO " PLi4FS PO/? IRISH THEATRE« like the other plays in this book, has been altered manytimes after performance, till at last I had come to think I had putall my knowledge into It and could not, apart from the always Incalcu= fable pleasure good playing brings, look for greater pleasure than it hadalready given me. But now because of Mr Craig's scene which is fittedto so many moods and actions, and makes possible natural and expressivelight and shade, I have begun to alter it again and to find in this a newexcitement.W. B. Yeats. October 1911.FROM AN 44 INTERVIEW" IN THE 44 EVENING TELEGRAPH."" 'T'he scenery differs entirely from the old style of scenery, and consistschiefly of portable screens, by means of which beautiful decorativeeffects can be obtained, the working of the screens being based on cer°tain mathematical proportions by which the stage manager can makewalls, pillars, etc a palace almost in a moment, a palace of greatcyclopean proportions, and which can be changed again almost in a momentinto a room with long corridors, and be changed again into a third andvery different scene just as quickly.41 The primary value of Mr Craig's invention is that it enables one touse light in a more natural and more beautiful way than ever before.We get rid of all the top hamper of the stage all the hanging ropesand scenes which prevent the free play of light. If is now possible tosubstitute in the shading of one scene real light and shadow for paintediight and shadow. Continually, in the contemporary theatre, the paintedshadow is out of relation to the direction of the light, and what is moreto the point, one loses the extraordinary beauty of delicate light andshade. This means, however, an abolition of realism, for it makes scene- painting, which is, of course, a matter of painted light and shade, im°possible. One enters into a world of decorative effects which give theactor a renewed importance. There is less to compete against him, forthere is less detail, though there is more beauty.W. B. Yeats. January 1911.FROM THE PROGRAMME OF THE ABBEY THEATRE, DUBLIN.44 rThe method of decoration in 44 The Deliverer" and 44 The Hour Glass"was invented by Mr Gordon Craig and will be used by the ArtTheatre of Moscow, where it will make possible a performance of the full Hamlet, with a different decoration for every little scene, so rapidly canthe scenes be changed. Thursday night will, however, be its first publicuse. It does not aim at effects of realism, but at a decoration of thestage almost infinite in the variety of its expression and suggestion, andfor the first time makes possible effects of lights and shadows various,powerful and delicate. Mr Craig has given us the right to make use ofhis patent in Ireland, with the generosity of a great artist, and becausehe respects our work and ambition.W. B. Yeats. January 12, 13, 15, 1911.FROM AN INTERVIEW GIVEN TO " HEARTH AND HOME."" JL t present we are busy producing "The Hour-Glass" at the AbbeyTheatre, Dublin. I have had great trouble with this play, for In itsoriginal form the treatment it seem platitudinous. A music-hallsinger who saw it was converted; that was very distressing. Had it notbeen for Gordon Craig's designs, I should not have troubled to rewriteit. But they helped me wonderfully, and I think I have banished platitudefrom the " Hour Glass " in its present form. Gordon Craig is the greatestproducer living, greater than Reinhardt, or any other.W. B. Yeats. November 1912. (1) These are the oumbers of some of the Patents taken ont for the Invention. Great Britain, No. 1771 UnitedStates of America, No. 1022820. France, No. 414871. Italy, No. 109089. Germany, No. 236875. THE THOUSAND SCENES IN ONE SCENE. A NOTE ON ANCIENT AND MODERN SCENERY. n the earliest days of the stage,... for we mustaccept the Greek records as being the earliest...scenery was not scenery in the usual acceptanceof the word. 1 should describe it rather as Scene.It was an architectural background ; it could notbe moved and was made of marble or stone, andit served more or less as scenery for all their plays,tragic, comic or satiric. Nov/ and again we hear of other pieces of scenery being added for somespecial occasion when a play demanded something which the architecturecould not supply, but it is very rarely that we hear of such additions.This architecture was exposed to the daylight, there being no roofto the theatre.&lt;£&gt; After several hundred years we come to the second important periodof dramatic art.This was the mediaeval theatre. Its background was also architecturalalthough painting, gold and colours, were profusely used. As the perfor=ma nee took place in a closed building artificial light was to a certainextent used in the spectacle, many candles of all sizes as well as oillamps being employed. Daylight was also made use of, and this was donewith much knowledge. Everything was on a grand scale, costly in theextreme.... superb. Only religious dramas were performed.The third important theatre was not a rich one. Religion had severedits connection with the theatre by this time and it Is no doubt owingto this fact that its sponsers were unable to find support among thericher section of the public. Their income was therefore dependent uponthe people, and in order to make sure of that income their prices hadto be low and everything to be cheaply done.This fact no doubt helped to decide them in many artistic questionswhich were to a certain extent dependent upon financial conditions.Thus v e see that arcnitecture was of necessity dispensed with and anordinary wooden theatre was erected with a wooden background drapedwith the best curtains of which funds could allow. The theatre of the Commedia dell'Arte, which flourished about this time, was, when Itgot Its permanent playhouses, no less restricted In its means owing tothe 'same cause, and its scenery was pretty much the same as theShakespearean scenery except that it seems to have been a little less dull.&amp; Prom 1600 the modern scenery of the theatre has been evolved.1 have read many books in which the authors wax indignant about modernscenery, at the same time giving great praise to the Shakespearean scenery;but if they find fault with the children they must blame the father, andthe Shakespearean scene is the father of the modern scene.If the theatre today were as poor as in the time of Shakespeare weshould have scenery as meagre.&amp; But since Shakespeare's time the theatre has grown very rich, andLondon, Instead of possessing two or three play houses, is able to boastabout two hundred theatres. Many of these theatres are several timeslarger than the theatres of Shakespeare's time; in fact in the last threecenturies the theatre has been able to do what we can describe as44 beat up " full houses.As 1 have Indicated, It has had to employ this sporting process ofbeating the covies because it no longer wished to serve religion, and,leaving religion, it no longer wished to be austere,... not even withthat austerity which belongs to the Roman Catholic religion: and nothaving this check upon its temperament it has become rather moreflashy than fine.£? Each century more money came into the box office and each centurymore money was spent upon gaudy trappings. Artists would be Invited Intothe theatre now and again to assist the manager to invent some newvulgarity and would fight the managers and would finally leave the theatre.To invite the cooperation of the painter is no nineteenth centuryidea; the managers have been whistling to him since the sixteenthcentury. Very few have accepted the Invitation and those who did sohave always burnt their fingers.Today the managers are still inviting painters into the theatre Inthe hope that they may bring with them some scenic invention. Butthey bring nothing new; they bring a repetition of the old, and it Ispossibly quite exact to say that nothing quite new in spirit will be brought to the theatre until the prodigal theatre returns to its father...and to the service of the Religious spirit.But there must be some balancing point, some golden mean betweenthis ideal religious theatre which is now so far off, and this anythingbut ideal modern theatre which is with us at the present moment; andtherefore we serve both theatres best when we concentrate our forceupon something which is neither; something which Is less than impos- sible; something practical instead of eccentric.&amp; Here we are concerned only with one section of this practical theatre,...with the scenic section; yet what follows is the result of considering thetheatre as a whole and not as the result of considering this one sectionby itself. THE "SCENE" AND THE POETIC DRAMA. Tphe highest form of modern theatrical art is the performance of the poeticdrama. It neither reaches the altitudes of the old religious drama nor fallsto the splendid depths of the musical comedy, but is something betwixtand between, and It is considerably nearer to the higher than the lower.Thus everyone must acknowledge that there is much of the modernmusical comedy and melodrama in Shakespeare, but that there is morespiritual drama. Shakespeare even condescends to.the touch of the musichall and is at home in it, but from it he is continually rising to touchthose heights called by some... the Impossible.&amp; It is for this poetical drama that the Scene which Is the subject ofthis article was created.Since making It its creator has felt that it will be of service not onlyto the theatre, but also to the dramatic poet; and hopes that both to thestage and to the poet it will prove of great practical use,... using theword "practical " in its fullest signification.&amp; Its practical use has been already not only demonstrated before poets,but proved in a theatre before an audience, and in the third section ofmy article I shall set forth this practical value in detail; that is to say,1 shall show how it saves time, space, force and money.Of its other practical aspect I will treat in the next section and will there show the practical or technical artistic advantages which itpossesses over modern scenery. A WARNING. Cirst of all it is necessary to state that this Scene is an Inventionpatented (i) by its Inventor, and that the imitation of some of itsEXTERNAL and SUPERFICIAL QUALITIES by the trade, and recorded bypictures In " The New Movement in the Theatre," Mr Sheldon Cheney'suseful book, (2) are to be mistrusted. Only genuine works of art haveany ultimate value commercially or artistically: imitations and spuriouscopies are for the gull. DESCRIPTION OF THE SCENE. 'X'he Scene is made up usually or four, six, eight, ten or twelve screens,and, although sometimes of more than twelve, seldom of less than four.Each part or leaf of a screen is alike in every particular except breadth,and these parts together form a Screen, composed of two, four, six,eight or ten leaves. These leaves fold either way and are monochrome*in tint.The height of all these screens is alike.&amp; These screens are self-supporting and are made either of a woodenframe covered with canvas, or of solid wood.&amp; with screens of narrow dimensions curved forms are produced, forlarge rectangular spaces broader leaved screens are used, and for variedand broken forms all sizes are employed.Sometimes a flat roof is used with these screens, at other timesthe space above the top line Is shown.The Scene being monochrome, the minimum of light is requiredto Illuminate it, as there is much reflection from each leaf. Ordinarybattens that are used in the theatre, and also daylight, can be used forits Illumination.The screens can be so arranged that by moving three leaves a greatchange in effect is produced. The Art of using this Scene to the best advantage Is a delicate oneand acquired only with practise. The aim of the Arranger is to place hisscreens in such a position that, by moving the minimum number of leaves,he may produce the desired amount of variety. Where the maximumamount of variety is required the change Is less easy to accomplish, for,in art as well as in nature, sudden contrasts cause more trouble because,as a rule, undesirable.Sometimes certain additions may be made to this Scene, such as aflight of steps, a window, a bridge, a balcony, and of course the necessaryfurniture, though great care and reserve must be exercised in makingthese additions so as to avoid the ridiculous. ARTISTIC VALUES. This Scene is a ~ving thing. ,-sS? In the hands of an Artist it is capable of all varieties of expression,even as a living voice and a living face are capable of every expression.The Scene remains always the same, while incessantly changing.Some may ask how such a thing can possibly be, and one can onlyask such questioners to study the human face.Every human face is shaped more or less the same, and is madeup of two eyes, a brow, a nose, a mouth, a chin and so forth;move any one of these parts ever so little, and we note a differentexpression.&amp; This Scene resembles the human face.is obvious that the advantage of such a Scene will be best understoodand felt by those who see it; but its uses can at any rate be recordedto some advantage.&amp; Through its use we obtain a sense of harmony and a sense of varietyat the same time. We may be said to have recovered one of the Unities ofthe Greek Drama without losing any of the varietyjof the Shakespeareandrama.&amp; We pass from one scene to another without a break of any kind, andwhen the change has come we are not conscious of any disharmonybetween it and that which Is past.1 have sasd *3|ls Scene that It is a living thing, that it is capable of expression, and I must here warn you, from personal experiencein its use, that it is so living that, unless treated as a living thing,it is quite likely not to respond to the will of the manipulator orarranger.Accidental effects can be obtained which are beautiful even as abeautiful accidental effect can be produced on the piano, but no onewithout knowing this Scene intimately, that is to say, without havingstudied it more than carefully, can produce harmony from Its planes.It even refuses to obey the artist entirely when the artist is not inthe right mood ; and its inventor has worked with a set of screens fora day or two searching for an especial form for a scene in " Hamlet "and been totally unable to bring out any expression from its flatness;yet in the process of overcoming the difficulty perhaps a more perfectharmony has been ultimately produced.The results obtained have found favour with all the poets, a fewof the actors, all the stage managers and some of the directors oftheatres to whom they have been shown, and the Scene has also wonthe approval of the stage hands, whose praise the Inventor values.To all of these he declares himself beholden for many suggestionswhich have improved the instrument. ADVANTAGES TO ACTOR AND STAGE MANAGER. one of the advantages of this invention is that, should the actorfeel after a few nights that he could play the scenes better in adifferent arrangement, and have a clear idea as to his wishes and howto obtain them, he can test his ideas in the morning on the modeland make his changes that same evening.&amp; II after a month or so he wishes to change again, either becausehe thinks something can be improved by giving himself more libertyas actor, or for any other reason, he &lt;h&amp;n Again make any change whichseems to him desirable. In fact the Scene is as much for the Actor asit is for the Stage Manager or the Poet.If the actor feels that he cannot play his part in a certain scene hehas only to go to the stage manager, and together, with the model onthe table, they can work out a new arrangement. &amp; The advantages which the use of this Model offers to the StageManager are exceptional. THE MODEL STAGE AND. To begin with, the model with which lie works Is always ready to hishand. He keeps it in his study and is thus able continually to test Ideaswhich come into his head as to the Poetic Drama which he has to produce.He has not to wait for the scene painter to bring him a model which, ifhe does not like, he has to have changed and rechanged; but he has at hisdisposal a model scene which he can be always changing and arranging,and from which he can derive ideas for the movement of his figures.&amp; Possessing the model, he is not saddled with a cumbersome andelaborate " model stage " of the usual pattern; he need not fear totouch the thing lest It fall to pieces, or the strings and wires get tangled.He has a workman-like model to use.... no litter, no strings, no paper;no longer a toy but clean and solid wood.uS He is often at a loss how to fashion scenes for these old plays whichhave held the boards for so long. In his study he fancies a passage here,a long wall somewhere there, pillars here; but he is unable to putthese down on paper, and if he could do so it would still be unsatisfactory.He could not see the thing, he could not measure his distances, he could nottell whether there is enough space for a man to come on there, whetherthere will be room enough on the stage for this passage to go back in thatdirection, and in his helplessness he is obliged to tell the scene painterto make the design. But with the Scene which is here offered him, andwith this small model stage all this preliminary work will be made manytimes easier. He can do it himself.&amp; He is producing 44 Richard 111 " for Instance. He wants a vast throne- room for the one scene and he wants to follow It up by a small cell. Hecan place his screens upon his model stage, (i) and turn them this wayand that until he has got his throne room. He can then mark theresults down upon the ground-plan drawn to scale with which theInventer provides him. &amp; After he lias done this he can move one or two leaves of the screenso as to bring all the screens to form a smaller, prison-like place.At the first attempt he will not have much success. He will thenprobably begin by forming the smaller scene first and he will try if itis not possible to work passing from the second to the firstscene, from the smaller to the larger instead of from the larger to thesmaller. He may probably find that this makes his task easier.But he who finds the greatest difficulty at the outset in arrangingscenes from these screens is more likely than another to produceultimately more important results if he persevere; but one should avoidif possible the feeling that there is something very difficult about themanipulation of the Scene.&amp; Some say that this is the Poet's Scene. To a certain extent in itsfirst state it is more his Scene than anyone else's, for it represents theworld perhaps better than any other Scene has done.... that particularworld created by the Poets, the world of Imagination. The Poets them- selves have said so. '&amp; But let not the casual reader think that this indicates something flimsyand floating. Nothing of the kind. It is something sharp-cut, somethingvivid and definite, as firm in its outline as it is flexible in its movement,and this, I believe, is what the Poets have always held such a world to be.Finally, in connection with this Scene the Inventer has planned severaladditional inventions by means of which doors, windows, cornices, stair- cases, trees, hills, clouds, stars, sun, moon and all can be placedbefore the audience, and that without calling in a single extra man toassist the usual staff. PRACTICAL VALUES OF THIS "SCENE". 'To save unnecessary waste of money and time is the aim In theorganization of every enterprise. It is more often than not that thisidea of true economy Is forgotten in the theatre, and is substituted bywaste.Mr Pltzroy Gardner, a keen theatrical manager, writing in the "StrandMagazine " (i) says, " I have no hesitation in saying that in the West " end theatres of London at least forty thousand pounds a year are" frittered away, apart from what is lost by putting on plays with a" four-to-one chance against their success ".... " Scenery and dresses areoften ordered without proper deliberation, or negotiation as to cost. "■£? Much power of all kinds is wasted in the theatre, and in no departmentis there greater waste than in the scenic department.The scenery has always wasted the time of the theatre, of the actors,of everyone, more especially in productions of the Popular drama. Sceneryhas also wasted the receipts of the theatre. Scenery lias always wastedthe energies and force of the managerial staff; it has also wasted space.Large warehouses are costly and the space on the stage is valuable.So we see clearly that time, force, space and money are wasted bymodern scenery, whereas all four are economised by the use of this Scene.Under these four headings of Time, Force, Space and therefore Money,let us enumerate some of It advantages, and show in what way economyis possible through Its use, THE SAVING OF TIME. | It saves the Manager's Time, for after he has once mastered itssimple mechanism he is able in a short time to produce arrangementswith his model which shall give the effect he requires. It also saveshim the time which would otherwise be spent in discussing plans andmodels with the scene painters, carpenters and workmen.&amp; The fact that the Scene is self-supporting saves the time which isusually wasted in hanging scenery and in finding spare places for theaccomodation of the different cloths, cut-cloths, built-out pieces, etc.&amp; It saves the manipulator's time as, the screens being easy to movefrom one position to another, one full set can change to another fullset in less than thirty seconds.The maximum wait between the acts need not exceed seven minutesat most, and it can even be less if desired. Eighteen men can strike thelargest set and leave the stage empty in twenty seconds. A smallerchange can be effected in four to ten seconds by fewer men. It Is greatlyowing to the fact of each screen being self-supporting that this becomespossible. It also saves time in all that concerns the lighting,&amp; Time is wasted in rehearsing the lights because such rehearsal inso many instances means guessing which light is best; here it is savedbecause the simplest light is the best; that is to say, the light of thebattens.* The inventor tells us that, whereas In former experiments heusually did away with the battens, he has found them work perfectlyeasily with this Scene. It has been continually demonstrated, in fact,that no other light is so good.Another saving of time In regard to the lighting is that the managercan calculate with more precision than formerly the necessary strengthof his limes.come then to the advantages In the matter of storage.lt is a great saving of Time iiere also to be able to store this Scenein the theatre itself, for as a rule much time is wasted in sending tothe warehouse for the heavy scenery of the Popular Drama, and onthe continent even more time is lost in this labour than in Englandowing to the nightly changes. But in any theatre where the programmeis changed a great saving of time is effected through the use of this Scene, THE SAVING OF FORCE AND LABOUR. I ABOUR. Under this heading are included both mentai and physicallabour. The manager is saved the mental strain of interviewing anddiscussing plans with many different persons because he has only to givethem the finished plan to carry out when he has worked It out uponhis model, and this working out he can do with greater quiet andconcentration in his own study by himself than when obliged to do it in theusual way with the scene painters, carpenters and others upon the stage.&amp;i„ fact, force and labour are saved to the manager and the staff rightthrough the production of the play, because they know that their modelis a thing with which they can calculate.&amp; If this Scene were like ordinary scenery,... that is to say, not self=supporting, every time it moved its position it would have to be attachedto ropes or supports of some kind which would necessitate the expenditureof energy not required when the thing is self=supporting. The force necessary to manipulate the modern scenery for a big production isenormous, whereas to move these six or ten screens and their ad- ditional parts which compose the Scene is a very easy matter and agreat saving in physical force.workmen who have already used it. THE SAVING OF SPACE. £3PACE. Space is economised because the Scene takes up no room inthe flies, since, instead of being slung, it Is self-supporting and whenfinished is folded up and goes easily into the scene dock, taking up theminimum of storage room.jg/ There is the same economy of space in the transport of scenery fromtown to town for which, with ordinary scenery, many railway trucks areneeded ; but much space is saved in the transport of this Scene owingto the fact that the measurements of all its parts are standardized.&amp; There are 805 Theatres in England, not counting the Music Halls,nor the small platforms or drill halls which are used for play acting andfor concerts. The small places cannot afford to buy much scenery; thisIs often the reason why plays are not produced in the small places.This Screen Scene is elastic. When placed on the stage it can becompressed or enlarged. A small theatre purchases, say, four smallscreens for Its first productions. Next year It can add to that numbertwo more, and two more the following year. So at the end of threeyears it has eight screens. Each addition to it makes a new combinationpossible while the original effects obtained and the original arrangementsdevised remain as useful as ever they were. THE SAVING OF MONEY. lt saves Money because Time, Labour and Space are saved byits use and the waste of all these things costs Money.This Scene, as I have already said, goes into one or two trucks.This indicates how much room it takes, and therefore not more thanthe same amount of room Is needed if It is ever to be stored outside thetheatre. j0 Owing to its being monochrome the minimum amount of light issufficient, the leaves of the screens acting as reflectors.Lastly, the adaptability of these few screens to many plays so thatan Infinite variety of effects can be obtained,... and those effects moreartistic in quality than usual.... (i) makes it obvious to everyone thatthe saving in the expenditure on scenery is considerable.&amp; To be able to put the scenery for Hamlet, Faust, the Merchant ofVenice, the Taming of the Shrew, the Tempest, the Bourgeois Gentilhomme,Rosmersholm, and When We Dead Awaken, Pelleas and Melisande, Elektra, the Agamemnon, Salome, Edipus Rex, the Land of Heart s Desire,La Gioconda,... to be able to put all the scenery for these plays in oneor two railway trucks proves that the cost must be very much less thanthat of the ordinary scenery which would require ten or fifteen trucksat the very least.&amp; There is also the initial saving in expenditure in the purchase of scenery,since instead of a complete set for each play one set may be used for all.j-? in fact this Scene may from ail points of view be described as44 Multum in parvo."On the ground of its practicality patents have been obtained in Europe,including Germany, (2) and in America, and, after having experimentedwith the full sized models which have been made in Moscow and inLondon, it has been found that it answers all expectations and fulfilsevery requirement of the Popular Drama#ln fact it has proved economical both artistically and commercially,.and the European managers before whom it has been tested confirmthis estimate of its value.11 will be of interest here to quote the two following extracts from« The Times" (London), the former written after a 44 demonstration"of the use of the 44 Scene " by its Inventor, at his studio in Londonin 1911; the latter an extract from the account sent by the 44 Times "special correspondent in Moscow, after the first production of 44 Hamlet"with the 44 Screen " scenery, at the Art Theatre in that city. The " Hamlet" production has since then been already given over onehundred and fifty times in the same theatre.September, 23. 1911.*Jhe device is extremely simple, It consists of folding screens, whichwill stand of themselves without being fastened either to the stageor to ropes, rollers, or beams in the " flies." The screens can be madeof any size required. They may be 30ft. high or only Bft.; they mayhave three folds or a dozen, and each fold may be ift. wide or 6ft. Threemen in three minutes could move or remove a whole scene and, foldedflat, each screen would take up very little space. The obvious advantagesare the ease and quickness with which these things can be handled andthe simplicity of the manipulation. To change a scene would no longerbe to roll up or roll down great canvases, to screw and unscrew bolts,to adjust and fasten ropes, to remove entirely an elaborate built-up set,and put another in its place. A complete change of scene can be obtainedmerely by rearranging a few screens. And when it is necessary (as inthe case of touring companies) to take away the complete scenery of aplay, the carpenters, Instead of working all night and losing some veryimportant piece of the outfit, could transport the folded screens to the\an at a reasonable hour. Moreover, that terror of Monday morning inprovincial theatres... the " scene-plot "... is reduced to a simple plan ofthe stage marked out in squares with the positions of the screens shown,by letters or figures, and a quarter of an hour's work ought to makethe whole set of changes clear to the stage-hands.&amp; Ease and quickness of manipulation are matters that interest thepublic no less than the stage-manager and scene-shifters. On the playingof Shakespeare, for instance, such a device would have wide and deepeffects. But the question most likely to occur to the public first of allis what kind of scenery these screeus provide. Not, of course, the sceneryof detail and archaeology, the scenery of crowded fact and " realizationof a period. But an hours experimenting with Mr. Craig's model stagerevealed a veiy wide variety of suggestions, moods, settings, properly so- called, for drama. The model screens exhibited were all In monochrome,which was practically the " self-colour " of the material of which the models were made; but indoor and outdoor scenes alike were made eachin a few seconds and In two or three movements* and the purport ofeach was unmistakable. Quite extraordinary effects of space and spiritwere obtained; and In this the lighting played a very important part.For one advantage of these screens is that the light can be directedfrom almost any point, and a change of light makes a change of mood,or even of place. Mr. Craig's own desire appears to be to dispense asfar as possible with any colouring on the screens themselves, partlybecause each screen can thus take on a much wider range of characters,so to speak, than if it were coloured. Most of the colouring would beobtained by means of coloured lights; and there would be no dangerthat a scene painted for one light would be robbed of its effect by beingseen later under another light... an error too often made with sceneryas we know it. Further definition... In a forest scene, for instance... canbe obtained by means of an ingenious device for casting shadows; and" properties "... chairs, tables, and the like... can be as easily used withthese screens as with the curtains of the Elizabethans or with thebuilt-up sets of the modern stage .A street scene that would have done equally well for London, Florence,or Baghdad was made with three screens in three seconds; and thereseems to be no reason why, with a sparing use of colour and pattern, amodern drawing-room should not be as clearly suggested as a castle ora magic island. A proscenium that can be easily enlarged or reducedforms a subsidiary part of the scheme; and sloping stages could, Ifnecessary, be made flat for the reception of the screens.provided, simply and quickly worked, and adaptable to practically allneeds. It is certainly of wonderful effect in the suggestion of place andmood; and experiment with the models only whets the appetite to seea stage equipped with the new scenery on the full scale.Moscow. January 9. 1912.Every scene in the Hamlet has for its foundation an arrangement ofscreens which rise to the full height of the proscenium, and consistof plain panels devoid of any decoration. Only two colours are used,., &amp; neutral cream shade and gold. A complete change of scene is createdsimply by the rearrangement of these screens, whose value lies, of course,not so much in themselves as in their formation and the lighting.Mr. Craig has the singular power of carrying the spiritual significanceof words and dramatic situations beyond the actor to the scene in whichhe moves. By the simplest of means he is able, in some mysterious way,to evoke almost any sensation of time or space, the scenes even inthemselves suggesting variations of human emotion.Take, for example, the Queen's chamber In the Castle of Elsinore.Like all the other scenes, it is simply an arrangement of the screensalready mentioned. There is nothing which definitely represents a castle,still less the locality or period; and yet no one would hesitate as to itssignificance... and why? Because it is the spiritual symbol of such aroom. A symbol, moreover, whose form is wholly dependent upon theaction which It surrounds; every line, every space of light and shadowgoing directly to heighten and amplify the significance .of that action,and becoming thereby something more than its mere setting... a vitaland component part no longer separable Jrom the whole. WhateverMr. Craig has done he has obviously done it not only with the touch ofan artist, but also with all the care and reverence of a true lover ofShakespeare.&amp; To Judge from his work he Is not so much a revolutionary as areformer. Far from being an enemy to theatrical tradition, he seems torealize better than any one how much valuable material for Ills art liesburied in that limbo of things forgotten. He has gone back over a fieldwhose fertility so many have ignored, and drawn from it all that Is bestand most useful to him. (Extract from " The Times.") (1) See page 139 to 141. (1) See page 159.(2) Published by Mr Mitchell Keanerley, New York: January 1915. (i) A very perfect model of this stage is at the Arena Goldoni with the necessary lighting arrangements, andis set up in the room marked 0. on the plan on page 145. (1) September 1911. (1) These Artistic Values have been dealt with separately.(2) See page 139. above plan of the Arena Goidoni shows the additions which havebeen made to the original establishment during the last two years.&amp; The most important of these is the old church of Santa Chlara, markedS. upon the plan. It Is now used as the School Aluseuin and Library. Itsoriginal fittings, and the marble facings of the wa;is and arches ..soundthe high altar, may be seen in the South Kensington Museum.Another addition Is the Printing Office, (U). AN IMPRESSION OF THE "SCENE" by an Eye-Witness. Filiberto ScarpelliFirenze. A Design for a Costume in "Bethlehem" produced at the University of London, 1903, byJGordon Craig. A LETTER TO GIOVANNI GRASSO, THE SICILIAN GENIUS, FROMAN ITALIAN FRIEND WHOM HE ENTRUSTED WITH WHAT HEDESCRIBES AS "A MISSION", TO MR GORDON CRAIG. Wo have boon allowed to publish this Italian tribute here 9 and doso with pleasure» for it conies from Signor Scarpelli9 a Florentineartist~architect° writer, of mature judgment, and expresses thewarm delight, as well as the keen, sincere and intimate perception,which seems so much more inherent in the South than in theNorth.It was written after an hour's visit, and without having read, orreceived, any verbal description of the " Scene" or its intention,and is thus of the greater interest as proving how directlyand simply the "Scene" expresses itself and how swiftly andsimply it wins and convinces by its inherent qualities. December 4 th 1913. lyiy dearest Giovanni,i went yesterday to Signor Craig at tlie Arena Goldoni.My impression ? Craig is a prodigious man, if prodigious signifies thepower of conjuring up from nothing, before your eyes, that whichamazes you.And the elements of which Craig makes use for his creations arenothing or almost nothing: some screens and some electric lights.He sets upon the stage of his little theatre, (no bigger than a child'smarionette theatre), his tiny screens, and, while you look on, with arapid movoment of the hands arranges them in a certain way: a rayof electric light comes to strike between those simple rectangles ofcardboard, and the miracle is accomplished: you behold a majestic scene;the sense of the small disappears absolutely; you forget the dimensionsof the theatre, such is the scrupulous equilibrium of the lights and o?the lines which Craig knows how to give to the scenes. Another slightmovement of the screens, (always before your eyes,) and the scene changes and then changes again without the lines and the light effects everTecalllng to you that which you have already seen. And thus one passesfrom the vision of a piazza, a street, an imposing portico to that of asaia, a prison, a subterranean dungeon.Craig is a great painter, a great architect, a great poet. He paintswith light, he constructs with a few rectangles of cardboard, and withthe harmony of his colours and of his lines he creates profound sensations,as only the fathers of poetry knew how to create.1 do not exaggerate, dear Giovanni.The S|ght of some scenes for 44 Othello " gave me the thrill whichonly the reading of Shakespeare had been able to give me 1We are far, very far, from the usual scenographlc resources, be theyeven the best which can be remembered.&amp; If one does not see Craig's theatre one cannot imagine wh at this manknows how to do, and I am very very sorry that you had not the timeto go to the Arena Goldoni. You have lost a sight which is among thefinest which 1 have witnessed since 1 was born, not excluding themajestic spectacles of Nature itself. When you return to Florence youmust not deprive yourself of so great an enjoyment.(Here follow further and private reports),and then the letter concludes as follows:&amp; 441 have related to you my visit to Signor Craig; the mission whichyou entrusted to me is accomplished. Tell ine if you are pleased withwhat 1 have written.&amp; Many many big kisses to you and to the children, homage to yourSignora, affectionate salutations to all friends. IN DEFENCE OF THE SCENE OFVAST PROPORTIONS by Louis Madrid. Thomas A. Janvier 1895. have heard it said, and on good authority, that manyactors and actresses, Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree andMrs Patrick Campbell among the number, have alwaysheld that certain scenes designed by the artists of theNew Movement are too overwhelming in their propor- tions and that the actors sink to insignificance whenperforming in them. Their theory is only an excuse. £? xhe following is an extract from an article which appeared In anAmerican journal (i) in 1895 with some excellent drawings, by Louis Loeb,which show us the fallacy of this excuse. It concerns the first performanceheld by the built by the Romans In the reign of Marcus Aurelius (121 A. D. 180).&amp; xhe Dimensions of the theatre are as follows:Width 338 feet, depth 254 feet.Height of facade and of rear wall of stage 120 feet.Radius of auditorium 182 feet.&amp; And here Is what M. Janvier, the writer of the article, and who waspresent at the performance, has to say:" The theory has been advanced that the great size of the Greekstage, and of the palace in its rear which was its permanent set ofscenery, so dwarfed the figures of the actors that buskins and paddingwere used in order to make the persons of the players more in keepingwith their surroundings. With submission, I hold that this would havebeen, in one way, out of proportion with the background. If used at allin tragedy, buskins and pads probably were used to make the heroiccharacters of the drama literally greater than the other characters.«« In point of fact, the majestic height of the scene did not dwarf thehuman figures sustaining serious parts. The effect was precisely ihecontrary. Mademoiselle standing solitary in that great open space,with the play of golden light upon her, became also heroic. With thecharacters in " (Edlpus " and " Antigone " the result was the same: thesomber grandeur of the tragedies was enlarged by the majesty of the background, and play and players alike were upraised to a lofty plane ofsolemn stateliness by the stately reality of those noble walls which them- selves were tragedies because of the ruin that had come to them with age.&amp; **Upon the corned}7 that so Injudiciously was Interpolated into theprogram the effect of the heroic environment was hopelessly belittling.M. Arene's 44 Helot " and M. Ferrier's 44 Revanche D' Iris " are charmingof their kind, and to see them in an ordinary theater, with those intimateaccessories of house life which such sparkling trifles require, would be onlya delight. But at Orange their sparkle vanished, and they were jarringlyout of place. Even the perfect excellence of the players,... and no Grecianactress, I am confident, ever surpassed Mademoiselle Rachel-Boyer Inexquisitely finished handling of Grecian draperies could not save them.Quite as distinctly as each of the tragedies was a success, the littlecomedies were failures, being overwhelmed utterly by the stately sur- roundings, and lost In the melancholy bareness of that great stage. Itwas all the more, therefore, an Interesting study in the psychology ofthe drama to perceive how the comparatively few actors In the casts ofthe tragedies.... how even, at times, only one or two figures.... seemedentirely to fill the stage; and how at all times these plays and theirsetting absolutely harmonized. " perhaps the truth is that some actors and actresses know they aremore successful in the 44 little comedies " which M. Janvier says werefailures at Orange.But if Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree feels so forcibly about such scenes,how is it that only a short time ago he was announcing, with his nativeenthusiasm, that in order to adequately celebrate the Tercentenary of theDeath of Shakespeare he had invited Professor Reinhardt the German,.., isit German ?... producer to share the task and the expense in Sir Herbert'sEnglish Theatre? It was remarked at the time by some one that nothingcould be more fitting than to choose this way of celebrating the DEATHof Shakespeare.What a misfortune that Sir Herbert Tree's little plot has miscarried (....0r will there yet be time and opportunity to carry out thisprogramme... in some smaller Island... In Sark perhaps. (1) " The Century." June 1895. A DESIGN FOR A SCENE. &amp; Queer Reader. ■£? What book is It out of ?.... What is thedate?.... Who made the design?.... What does it represent?....Are those six black things supposed to be the funnels of "TheEmden " ?.... Are we down-hearted ?The Editor. &amp; Yes, when we are asked such a numberof questions.Queer Reader. &amp; Why not ask questions when one doesnot know ?&amp; Queerer Reader. &amp; Oh, how frightfully Interesting! Whata fine thing.... Yes, it would make a splendid stage scene, ...isthe suggestion for something exactly right.The Editor. Really?.... And what leads you to be soconvinced.Queerer Reader. I will tell you. (Prepares to give threequarters of an hour to a long and clearly worded, if somewhatpedantic explanation which, while being a self-revelation ofpsychology, reveals but one other thing,... the speaker's goodopinion of him (or her) self.) THEATRES OF YESTERDAY AND TODAY GROUND PLAN OF THE TEATRO FARNESE. PARMA. A. C. Because a Theatre is built in theold days it does not follow thatlt|is either very good or very bad.To judge whether good or bad itis necessary to pay it a visit.Some theatres of all ages stand apartfrom every age. Such is this TeatroFarnese in Parma.I have spent several hours in thetheatre and it cannot be broughtInto comparison with any other ofits own or any period, although thisis too often done.To compare such a masterpiece isto belittle all heroic effort.The theatre affords a magnificentexample of the renaissance stage atits highest point of artistic andtechnical development.Built by the architect G. B. Aleottl(1550-1630) and decorated by thepainters Leonello Spada (1576-1619)and Glrolamo Curti (1576-1681),it was completed In 1619. THE NEW COURT THEATRE IN DRESDEN. The accompanying plan shows a longitudinal section of the New CourtTheatre in Dresden, which Is turnlshed with a sliding stage ol aninteresting but elaborate and costly kind»The diagram, like the one on the preceding page, is reproduced bypermission of the John Lane Co, New York, from Mr Moderwell's book," The Theatre of Today," in which a description of the Dresden CourtTheatre is given. BOOK REVIEWS, THE NE W MO VEMENT IN THETHEATRE, by Sheldon Cheney.Mitchell Kennerley. New York.Price two dollars net.praise than blame for thisbook. It Is the best got up, (of itskind) yet issued; has distinction;contains many good illustrations.lts faults ?.,.. much repetition;not enough of facts; its qualitydiluted by a little too much talkand discussion. More facts, betterco-ordinated, and fewer comments,would have improved it. Still, thebook is a good effort; it promises„ for the future, and the author hasdoubtless already learned so muchfrom the writing of it that he willgive us far better work in his next.His own words In the Preface are," the over-enthusiastic student Is abetter guide than the over-cautiousstudent." We think so too.Mf Cheney is slightly unfair on America when giving what he claimsto be typical examples of the ad- vanced staging done there. He alsoneeds to test his weights and mea- sures before attempting to analyseand estimate the values of the workshe discusses. One of the reproacheswe over here always want to refuteon behalf of Americans is that theyhave no sense of art values. We aresure they have; but Mr Cheneycertainly shows a chink in thearmour when he devotes space tothe serious discussion of the workof such beginners as Mr Sam Hume.One may encourage the industryof a kindergarten child, making itsbabyish little plasticine models; bptone does not gravely discuss it Inthe same terms as one devotes toM. Rodin and to sculpture as anart. To praise the work of amateurs,.,amateurs too superficial and greedyof quick results to be ever reckoned among serious students, does harmto the amateurs themselves byencouraging them to produce showyand spurious Imitative work; it alsoconfuses the mind of the reader.The chapter on Applause is good,though Mr Cheney omits to quote, asa practical illustration, the MoscowArt Theatre, where the audience isrequested in the programme not toapplaud as the actors prefer towork in quiet.A protest against applause isvery necessary nowadays,... thesedays when, for an actor merely todrop a glass by accident, is to havea ripple of sympathetic applausefrom the front; and the sight of an«actress overcome by fatigue alsowins sympathetic applause. Applauseshould only come when it cannot behelped, like thunder, as we imagineIt lrt Greece: as it was when, inthe " Eumenides" the actor, atthe end, turned to the audiencewith ''ololeu! sing ololeu llnfact, not so much applause is neces- sary as a shout. To relieve the feelingsIn this way goes well In a greattheatre, but condescendingly topatter with the hands is damnable.Many of the illustrations areexcellent. Very fine are the repro- ductions of the imitation Greektheatre at Berkeley, Cal; and of what looks like a superb open air theatreat Point Loina. The adapting of thebeauties of Nature in choice of theposition of this theatre shows thata moment of genius was contributedtowards the conception of the plan.A great part of Mr Cheney's booktreats of the work of Mr Gordon Craig,who, he recognises, has studied " allthe elements of dramatic art, as noman ever had studied them before."The last chapter is devoted entirelyto his " Service to the Theatre." andcloses with these wordsthe•* new race of artists of the theatre," those men who will build this art" anew upon the principles which" underlie all the true arts, for all" time to come will acknowledge" him as the master." THE THEATRE OF TODAY, byH.K Moderwell. John Lane Co.(i)Price one &amp; a half dollars.Hphis book certainly has gatheredup a great deal of the matteron the subject,* even if a littleindiscriminately; but, while attemp- ting to cast it into form thatis comprehensible, the author haspointed out several advantages inthe new system, and some draw- backs in the modern conditionsunder which theatres are conducted,and in having done this he shouldbe able to feel that he has notwasted his time but has been ofservice to us all.The book, which contains manyillustrations, treats of " The Gathe- ring of the Forces ",... the MechanicalForces; (Improvements In StageEquipment;) the Artistic Forces;(The Stage Setting; Pure Design;Colour; Lighting; Stylisation; ModernScene Designing in America;) TheIntellectual Forces; (Philosophy inthe Modern Drama.) The LiteraryForces; (French and Italian Drama- tists; the Russians; Dramatists of theGerman Nations; the ImaginativeDramatists.) The Social Forces;(Modern Theatre Architecture; Or- ganization, Economics.) The Syn- thesis of the Forces.In his last chapter Mr Modervvellspeaks of " Universality and themodern Theatre," asserting that" democratic vitality Is the basis ofthe modern theatre."£? To our mind such words as de- mocratic, aristocratic, imperialistic,and so forth, are used too often andtoo loosely, and seem without worthin regard to the works of the artist.It may occasionally be necessary totouch upon them very slightly ; but, whether the rule be democratic oraristocratic, painters have paintedwell, musicians composed well, andtheatre men will, we hope, continueIto work well, in either situation.There was great art in Florence andVenice under democratic rule ; therewas great art in France and inFlanders under aristocratic rule.To say that the theatre is forthe people is necessary. But to forgetto add that part and parcel of thepeople is the aristocracy, whetherof birth, or feeling, is an omission.A man of the 18th century, dres- sed in silks, In a fashionable loggiain the theatre at Versailles, lookingas If he did no work, (as Voltairein his youth may have looked),presents, In essence, exactly thesame picture as Walt Whitman inhis rough grey suit lounging in theBowery, also looking as if he didno work.One the aristocrat, one the de- mocrat; the two are identical.It wastes the time a little to payattention to these apparently veryactive people rushing hither andthither, ill at ease everywhere,nervous, with no time to waste*wasted by time, and talking muchabout democracy or aristocracy. Butwhy talkor argue about these things?Who does not love democracy when a Lincoln or a Whitman Isstanding for It? Who does not lovearistocracy when represented by aVoltaire or a Mirabeau ? It behovesus to find, and find soon, a namefor the idle people, and to leavethe words * aristocrat,' * democrat,'at rest.&amp; And this is the only fault wewill find here with Mr Moderwell'sb00k;... that we meet too manyof such unessential or ambiguouswords, find too much about 44 socialdevelopment," " national loyalty,"" culture and the nation " and soforth.£? Whitman has said, and we haveoften repeated it, 44 Produce greatpersons,.... the rest follows. " Henever said, 44 produce a lot of littlepersons ": yet Whitman was ademocrat.It is true. A people needs greatpersons. It needs to sit on the smallpersons a little more. It needs to44 thin out" like a wise gardener, soas to make place for finer growths.It needs to forward the plans of thegreat persons and to do this in grandstyle.lt needs to build great theatres,and not tinker about with littletheatres. It needs to take greatrisks and not the safe road everytime. It needs to leave things moreto the people, i.e., to itself, as a whole, and not form little narrowsocieties. It needs to trust the44 great persons," the great artists;and then from this may come greatart... may be: for great breeds great,little only breeds little. (1) Four Illustrations from this book are reproduced ,by kind permission of the Publishers, in the presentnumber of Mask," on pages 166 and 67 andfacing pages 93 and 172.\ HOW TO SEE A PLAY, byRichard Burton. Macmillan Co.Price one dollar, twenty fivecents.TJrofessor Burton is the Presidentof the Drama League of America.44This book," states the preface,44 is aimed squarely at the Theater- goer."AS It Is intended so, so must Itbe criticised.JS&gt; It is a good book, written by ashrewd man whose sole purpose isto lend a hand to that equally shrewdmultitude epitomised under the titleof 44 the playgoer." It contains a littlehistory here and there of the mostinteresting kind; Is clear and concise;is not dull; presents some interestingpoints for consideration; mentionsvarious publications of value to theplaygoer. But, even given all this,will it hit the bulls-eye at which itis aimed ? Being addressed to theplaygoer, and yet being neitherterrifying nor charming in manner,we believe the book can hardlyreach him, for he needs shaking orcharming, or both. Here we feel neither shock or enchantment, andso believe Professor Burton's inten- tion will hardly be fulfilled. But wedo believe that the student, andworker in the theatre, will find thebook of value, and appreciate thesesane and lucid pages.Professor Burton has some usefulthings to say which need constantrepetition." Touching audience, actors," playwrights, producers, and the" society that is behind them all,"he writes, " intelligent coßperation« '"is the open sesame. With that for" a banner cry, mountains may be" removed."Our leaders say the same thingover here; and if the Americanpublic could only feel this, feel itvitally and vividly, mountains wouldbe removed, which at present ob- struct progress.Again: "In all considerations of" the theater, it would be a good"thing to allow the unfortunate" word • elevate ' to drop from the" vocabulary. It misleads and anta- "gonises. It is better to say that" the view presented in this book" is one that wishes to make the" playhouse innocently pleasant, ra- " tional, and sound as art. If by"'elevate' we mean these things," well and good." &amp; Very true.And now a word on this pointabout ourselves.Professor Burton remarks that" advanced movements abroad are"chronicled In 'The Mask'."Now,"Advanced " suggests some- thing out of reach, and •so outof sympathy, and that must notbe believed In our case. In fact,to paraphrase the Professor's ownwords, " In all considerations of the" theater, it would be a good thing"to allow the unfortunate word"'advanced' to drop from the" vocabulary. It misleads and anta- " gonises. it is better to say that44 the view presented ...is one that" wishes to make the playhouse" Innocently pleasant, rational, and" sound as art. If by 4 advanced ' we" mean these things, well and good." Street Scene "Romeo and Juliet," Dentches Theatre, Berlin. Called in "The Theatre of Today," (by H. K. Moderwell)"an example of Reinhardt's early realistic style." As an example of realism it is poor. The designer was not Professor Reinhardt. THE CHANGING DRAMA byArchibald Henderson. HenryHolt &amp; Co. New York. Price oneand a half dollars.rjphis is "an attempt" says theauthor, " on a very modest scale," to discover and to disclose the" real contribution of the modern* ." school of dramatists. These are" studied primarily in relation to" the life and the thinking of today."The chapter headings Include44 Drama in the New . Age," " The New Criticism and the New Ethics,"" Science and the New Drama";The New Forms, (Realism and thePulpit Stage; Naturalism and theFree Theatres). "The Battle withIllusions." "The New Technic";"The Play and the Reader"; "TheNew Content" "The Newer Ten- dencies."&amp; The book is not very clear orhelpful, to students.£7 "Today the creation of atmos- " phere has become the business of•" the dramatist no less than the" problem of illuminative, co=ope=" rative setting has become the" business of the artist technician." Ibsen, Strindberg, d'Annunzio, and" Maeterlinck tread hard upon the" heels of Craig, Reinhardt, Stani- " siawsky, and Foster Piatt," is anexample of Mr Henderson.£l But why say " today," " hasbecome," as if the fact that themodern playwrights have waxedverbose in their stage directions isproof of increased power in the" creation of atmosphere" ? Shakes=peare could do as much withoutdetailed description of time andscene. Is "atmosphere" lacking inthe opening scene of " Hamlet" ? orin any of his dramas? In fact, it wasShakespeare who could "create";these latter playwrights can only " describe," wordily, the impressionthey wish to convey.£7 And here again,... surely this isa comical list,... as little co-ordinatedor coherent as the " Tinker, Tailor,Soldier, Sailor" of nursery days....£7 " Craig, Reinhardt, Stanislawsky," Barker, Falk, D'Annunzio, Piatt" manipulate the theatre and its" devices as the great painter ma- " nipulates his colours."£7 Where is the connection ? ...Craig,the creative artist of the Theatre,the " practical idealist," as anAmerican critic has described him :Reinhardt and Stanislawsky, theleading impresarios (both, inciden- tally, good actors), of Europe:Barker, the playwright, and, (forsmall enterprises), capable businessman. D'Annunzio, novelist and poet,some of whose literary works havebeen recited on the stage,... it seemsa pity that men of such differentcalibre, endowment, aims, methodsshould be reeled off in this way;....could one find an instance of" confusion worse confounded"?Writers on the theatre are in- creasing in numbers today. This iswell; but unless they define moreaccurately, revise their classifica- tions more carefully, they are nomore helpful than would be writerson natural history who set out by classing together the eagle, thebeaver, the cuckoo, the ant, theadder and the ichthyosaurus.&amp; Closer analysis, clearer thought,more accurate " study of species"are needed on the part of those whowish to bring assistance, as workersor critics, to the Theatre or Itscause. CHIEF CONTEMPORARY DRA- MATISTS. Edited ThomasH. Dickenson. Houghton MifflinCo. Boston. Mass. U. S. A.Price two dollars, seventy-fivecents.7y|r Dickenson has collected "Twen- ty Plays from the recent Dramaof Europe and America, in a well- printed, wor km a n=l ike volume.space does not permit of anydiscussion of the plays themselves:...probably the best in the bookare " Riders to the Sea," "TheHour Glass," and Tchekov's "CherryOrchard ".&amp; In a word on the performance of" The Cherry Orchard" Mr Dickensonnotes that it was produced with greatsuccess at the Moscow Art Theatre,a nd later on produced at the TheaterKommisarzhevsky In Petrograd ; buthe omits to say that on this latteroccasion it was no success, thoughthis fact, taken in conjunction withthe other, is illuminating, and affords evidence of how much of the initialsuccess was due to the managersand actors of» the Moscow theatreand their interpretation of the play.&amp; Mr W. B. Yeats is representedby his " Hour Glass," but one won- ders why, this book being publishedin 1915, the old version is given,considering that Mr Yeats rewrotethe whole piece and published thisrevised version in " The Mask,April " I began a revision of" the words " lie then wrote in his" Preface," " from the moment when«&lt; the play converted a music hail" singer and sent him to mass and" to confession ; but no revision of" words could change the effect of" the Wise Man down on his knees*• before the Fool; so last year Ichanged action and all."Naturally, in a single volume, itwas impossible to include more thana small number of even the bestpieces; but surely a place shouldhave been found for one of the greatplays of Henry Becque, who, dyingin 1899, fathered so much of thelater movement, and whose drama," The Crows," was described byMr James Huneker as " the bible ofthe dramatic realists."An interesting point to note inlooking through a collection com- prising the work of so many play- wrights, is, how the tyranny ofliterature has continually increasedin the theatre from year to year.Whereas the old Greek plays containhardly one word of stage-direction (1)and the Elizabethan scarcely morethan the division of the acts, andsuch indications of scenery as maybe gathered from the dialogue, theseVictorian playwrights grow evermore prolix in their details of cha- racter, action and scene.Mr Barker, for example, in " TheMadras House " fills three columnsof close print with the psychology,past and present, of the Huxtablefamily before he can get to work.£7 Yet Heaven knows there is no Lawof the Medes and Persians whyMr Barker shouldn't enjoy himselfin this way;... he has as much rightto do so as Siiakespeare or Euri- pides,... only they didn't, but madeus feel the subtlest psychologicalworkings during the action andspeaking of the characters.£7 In there any doubt that Mr Barkercould do this ?... his talent as awriter of plays is the strongest thinghe possesses. Instead of a Repertory(1) Mr 0. C. W. Warr, MA. translator of the " Eume- £nides, notes thnt the words, •' a muttering"which punctuate the speech o! Clytemnestra are M theonly marginal stage-directions extant in any Greektragedy." Theatre, what prevents him,....,being, as he Is, a capable stage- manager, from establishing aBarker Theatre ?The Appendix to Mr Dickenson'sbook contains short Biographicalnotes, with a chronological list ofthe plays, of each author : a series ofnotes on the productions of each ofthe plays included in the b00k,....the dates when first performed andthe names of the principal actors:and also a list of critical studieson the work of the various play- wrights.There is, moreover, a list ofnearly a hundred books publishedon the Contemporary Theatre in thelast thirty years; and although thislist makes no attempt at complete- ness,... is, in fact, entirely cursory,.,,it is illuminating to note, by thedates, the growing attention givento the serious study of this subject,especially since 1908.£7 A few regrettable omissions areto be noted.The very serious writings ofM. Adolph Appia should surely havebeen included in this list;... It wouldaiso have been well, as this list iscompiled for the use of students*that the few better Journals, devotedto the theatre should have beenincluded. AMERICA, Through the Specta- cles of as Oriental Diplomat, WuTingfang. F. Stokes Co. U.S.A.Price one dollar sixty cents.'T'he Author welcomes us with soshrewd and pleasant a face onthe frontispiece of this book that weare prepared to find within ju st whatwe do find,... some shrewd, thoughalways kindly, criticisms of theAmerican nation and its Institutions.An Introductory word states that44 Dr Wu's faculty for asking disco n=certing" questions and his witty" rejoinders were the talk of the44 country when he was China's44 Minister to the United States. He44 was the joy of Washington:" andthe Impressions he has now publishedtell us his views on many sides ofAmerican life, Political and Social:on Education, Manners and Business;On Women and their Costumes; onTheatres, Circuses, Banquets, andother matters as they appear tothe educated Oriental mind.&amp; On the Theatre he makes variouspertinent observations.His view of popular musicalcomedy or farce Is, 44 1 cannot helpregarding this feature of theatricallife as so much theatrical chaos,"while of 44 the vivid dramatizationof cruelty " too often brought uponthe stage he writes: 44 Does a sen- 44 sational play exercise a beneficial44 or a pernicious Influence over the44 audience?" and goes on to say,.44 the mental sufferings portrayedt44 are frequently more harrowing44 than the details of any bull® or44 cock-fight Considering the44 matter from the view-point of44 a play-goer, what benefit does he44 receive from witnessing a tra- -44 gedy? In his home and his office44 has he not enough to engage his44 serious attention, and to frequently44 worry his mind ? Is it worth his44 while to dress and spend an evening44 watching a performance 44 however skilfully played, will make44 him no happier than before.Anyone looking round a theatreduringa moment of horror,... suicide,murder, despair,... on the stage,and noting the strain and horrorreflected on the faces of the spec- tators, the absense of any indicationthat they are experiencing thatrefreshment which art gives, or arerendered 44 happier than before ",by the performance, can hardly fail tore-echo, before such morbid exhibi- tions, the 44 cui bono ? " of thisWise Man from the East.Yet the silly parade of stage griefgoes on ...presumably to teach youngwomen how to make a scene at home.If you have ever noticed one in your own house hasn't the resemblanceever struck you ?... Doesn't It seema trifle what you would call " melo- dramatic" or ''theatrical"? VIS V A KARMA.First Series. One hundred Exam- ples of Indian Sculpture." por favour of Review " was prin- ted on the cover of this book.The favour in this case is with usand to us.Siva, Buddha, Tara, Ganesha andmany other gods and goddesses,Apsaras, Elephants, Horses, Monkeys,Snakes, Bulls, Deer, Cats, Mice,...all sculptured as never since, andhere recorded for us in full-pagephotographs of good quality.And in a Preface of admirablefeeling Mr Eric Gill puts a littletruth as an introduction to thesewonders.He claims that these works " pro- ceed from the mouth of God "... andwe see the Indian artists, dead manycenturies.... smiling back their pridethrough their works.It is a notable Preface, expoundingtruth to be the " real supernatural,"as those other Indians of BritishColumbia would say.&amp; Of late several Indian books haveappeared in Europe with success,Mr Tagore has won the Nobel prizedeservedly. But we would like to see a book such as " Visvakarma "placed above even the noble worksof Mr Tagore.... for it is a book toinspire such men.Indeed, it is a question whethera book of noblest Images such asthis one does not reach further anddeeper into our being than any wordscould do.The examples have been selectedby Dr Ananda Coomaraswamy, whocalls the work " the First Series."We suggest to any serious States- man that he reconsider carefullythe sense of Power,... the meaningof the word, and the disastrouseffects of dishonouring the Arts andtheir servants.We suggest that the reign ofKing George is worthy to be remem- bered,... to be as well rememberedas that of any of these old IndianPrlnces's reigns are remembered byeveryone whose eyes alight uponthese monumental works of art.JZ? Only great Art is preserved longerthan a few hundred years.We suggest that the Statesmen ofKing George's reign delay no longer. THE CONGO, and other Poems,by Nicholas Vachel Lindsay.Macmillan Co. Price one dollar,twenty-five cents. Vachel Lindsay is very muchalive,... uproariously so. we have met him already tram- ping and harvesting his way, (i) ahappy vagabond, across the westernplains, offering songs or labour inreturn for food and lodging; andfound him good company.&amp; We are told in the Introductionto this book that his plea is 44 forpoetry as a song art, an art appealingto the ear rather than the eye,"and it is certainly as songs, orspoken pieces, that these poemswould yield their full force andflavour. For really, they are tooboisterous, most of them, to lie outquiet on a printed page: they upand fairly shout at you.&amp; 44 I respectfully submit these44 poems," writes Mr Lindsay, 44 as44 experiments in which I endeavour44 to carry ....vaudeville form back"towards the old Greek precedent44 of the half-chanted lyric. In this44 case the one-third music must be44 added by the instinct of the reader,"and he prints marginal notes to tellthe reader exactly how to read.I have tried a few readers atthese poems... the results are fearful-But Mr Lindsay is evidently able tostrike fire from them with his voice.There is swing and gaiety inthe poems, and that is rare.&amp; Mr W. B. Yeats, honoured Mr Lindsay not long since in Chicago, atPoetry's Banquet, 44 by addressing44 his after-dinner talk primarily to44 him 4as a fellow craftsman,' and44 saying of his 4 General Bootli44 4 This poem is stripped bare of44 ornament; it has an earnest simpli- -44 city, a strange beauty, and you44 know Bacon said, 4 there is no44 excellent "beauty without strange-4* ness'.We think he knows more aboutpoetry than the rest of us, so weare content to accept his Judgmentand wish America more of the goodSuck a good Poet brings with him...and we hope he will live long toblow the fifes and strike the drums. (1) 44 The Forum." THE ROMANCE OF THE BE A- VER by A. Radclyffe Dug in ore.Willian Heinemanrt. Price sixshillings net.upon a time there were peoplein the world who, not contentwith killing each other, enjoyed topossess the hair of 44 the other."I'm sure 1 couldn't say if that isbarbarous or n0t,... one lives andlearns. Still, some wiser men holdthat to scalp a man, before or afterhaving killed him, is not done inthe best circles.£/ I'm sure 1 can't say what is donein the best circles.Report says that they clothe their women,... or the women clothethemselves... in the skins of animals;feathers, too, from the gayest birds.Not, of course, from any desire tobe taken for a pussy cat or a doveby dressing up as 0ne,... but thefeathers are gay; the skins arewarm.&amp; In " The Romance of the Beaver "Mr Dugmore shows us clearly thatto strip this little animal of his furcoat to cover a lady is not the thingto do. He gives numerous reasons.He points out how dangerous It is,and how cruel. The danger lies indestroying valuable, yet unvalued,collaborators; and he shows justhow this little animal collaborateswith the farmers by preparing forthem millions of acres of unculti- vated land, turning it year afteryear into richest meadow land.Yet man, (so report says), prefersto kill these master craftsmen, soas to get a number of wretched skins,(worth ten dollars each at most).Mr Dugmore puts the blame ofthis farcical waste upon the shoul- ders of those who control the schoolsof North America and Canada." If only the schools taught more" about the usefulness of animals and" birds, even from the selfish point44 of view of their results to man ;44 and taught those things intelli- 44 gently, much good would come."" But a trip into any part of the" country where the beaver still44 exists in its wild state will show44 how blind people are to their own"interest in allowing these animals44 to be destroyed."I have not read many anotherbook that is so full of interest asthis one. The doings of men somehowappear less serious as one reads init of the doings of the Beaver.He is one of the jolliest of littlebeasts... one of the cleverest... mostpatient... most systematic, and acraftsman and a labourer par excel- lence. He is all this so as to enjoyhis life, and his pleasure in life isrelated in this book.The world is topsyturvy throughsome cause or other. Mankind isoften given to thinking backwards...having grown tired of thinking for- wards... having spoiled himself.The Beaver, on the contrary,shows us that, if we are content towant less, we can always continueto think and act according to Nat ure.stz? " Nature rnit uns" seems to bethe motto of the Beaver. If wedestroy the Beavers we need notfancy Nature will forget to ter- ribly if imperceptibly revenge them.The Beavers and the Belgians,....what ? STUDIES IN STA byClayton Hamilton. Henry HoltCo. New York. Price one dollarfifty cents net. Mr Clayton Hamilton is one ofthose gentlemen who. withoutapparently having any particular callor aptitude, insist upon writingabout the Theatre.A book of his, " The Theoryof the Theatre" appeared a fewyears ago. It was some what dry. (i)&amp; He has now followed up thisformer effort with a new volume ofcollected essavs in which, under thew wtitle "Studies in Stagecraft," hewrestles with such matters as "TheNew Art of making Plays, " " ThePictorial Stage, " " The decorativeDrama," " The Drama of illusion,"" The Value of Stage Conventions,"" The supernatural Drama," "Orga- nising an Audience," "The Functionof Dramatic Critics" and many more.Some of the essays have previo- usly appeared in magazines; andone of them, in which he occupieshimself with Mr Gordon Craig, hasbeen already commented upon inThe Mask. (October 1912).We know that since then, how- ever, Mr Hamilton has awakened tothe vitality of puppets and to variousother matters (1) of which he was previously scornful: so we hope forsomething more living from himby and bye. (I) See review in " The Mask January 1911. CENSORSHIP IN ENGLAND:Its History from the FifteenthCentury,by Frank Fowell andFrank Palmer. &amp; Frank Palmer.Price seven shillings and six- pence net.''jphe joint authors of the book havecollected together a good dealof interesting matter relative to thecensorship of public performances,from the old days of the " Masterof Revels " down to the Censor ofthe modern play,The Mask has so often givenits opinion as to the value of anestablished Censor that there Is noneed here to discuss the views abouthis position and powers expressedby Mr Frank Fowell and Mr FrankPalmer, whose championship is onthe other side. But, setting asideall such controversy, the book maybe said to be a useful as well as aninteresting piece of work, givingmany facts and documents relativeto the censorship of plays from earlytimes, and a good many facsimilesof • censored ' manuscripts, besidessome portraits of early " StageCensors" and " Examiners of Plays." (1) The New Movement in the Theatre. Sheldon Cheney,page 52. EDITORIAL NOTES. UNION AND .TThe New Movement in the Theatredevelops apace. And more andmore evident does a desire for unityshow itself among the members ofthe Movement.&amp; We have proof of this in thequantity of letters which we receivenow from artists and critics in manypart of the globe.They all evince a desire to unitethemselves with us, and many ofthe letters received are as warm- hearted and spirited as could pos- sibly be.The more artists who write tous the better. It is good for us...for them... and most of all for theMovement itself.&amp; There is no need of any formalintroduction between us: their workand our work form the bond whichunites us, and justifies spontaneouscommunications.The more advanced come closest,...the beginners can catch up. Theymust make no short cuts, must avoidimitation of the external qualitiesof the leaders of the movement, and then the association will beproductive.The very important Exhibitionorganized so intelligently by Dr Alt- herr at Zurich last year has donemuch to advance and strengthenthe Movement. Its chief value con- sisted in bringing together for thefirst time the work of Adolph Appiaand Gordon Craig. More than this,...it brought the two artists togetherand we believe we are not wrongin saying that the union of thesetwo men is of greater significanceto the well-being of the Movementthan anything that has occurred formany years.We confidently expect to hearfrom more and more of the menwhose lives, sympathies, and, notleast, whose livelihoodare boundup in the Movement. A NOTE ON A JOURNAL.'"T'he New York Dramatic Mirror "has improved in the last yearor so. It used to be a little dull;now it is interesting.This is mainly due to the amountof Vaudeville and Motion Picture matter put into it, although nowand again we find a good photo ortwo of Interesting productions inthe theatres called 44 serious."&amp; A first class illustration was inthe anniversary number, January27th, showing Whitford Kane andMiss Morgan in " Lonesome Like."The picture shows us the care takenover a realistic production at MrAmes' " Little Theatre " New York.For realism it proves Mr Amesto be a careful man, and hisstage manager and scene-maker verythorough. It seems to be lightedcarefully, too. We have not seen abetter thing of its kind from America.Particularly worth studying isthe care taken with the ground.Many a realistic scene is capablydone until the floor is reached, andthen it flattens out, and all regardfor realism is forgotten.Some people don't want realism,but every good workman is gladwhen he sees thorough work, whe- ther the work of the realist or theartist.In the same number of the 'Dramatic Mirror" we note a pageof 44 faces, " being the differentmake-ups of Mr Romaine Fielding,who is author, actor, and managerfor the Lubin Company.&amp; Mr Fielding seems to be a man of particular talent, and we shouldgather is of Italian extraction.It Is a pity such men, owing tothe established standards of thisblessed century, are obliged to dwarftheir talents to that standard.It must at times feel like salutinga flag on which a plucked hen takesthe place of the old and traditionaleagle; ...but then a plucked hen iseatable.Let the standard sink then, foronly when it has been thoroughlylowered can the new and the bestmovement be seen to be an ascen- ding one. ANYTHING WRONG ?possibly only the Humbug whichenvelops everything.JS? Nothing else seems wrong.When we see Smith praised andRobinson damned for doing the samething, and the praise being ladledout because Smith has shown tact,....has, in fact, played the humbug,...then it seems obvious that onlyHumbug Is wrong,Yet tact is a pleasant thing....when used with its own essence,with great tact.To praise a man or woman tact"fully is desirable; but to lie andsteal with tact and get praise forit does not seem altogether squareor round. Tact nowadays has degeneratedinto obvious and quite commonplacehumbug. And that kind of tact hasbrought upon us the awful Theatreswhich we still struggle tactfully topraise.It seems a waste of time andenergy when it is plain that wecould get good Theatres put up and&gt;filled up ....If the tactful idiots wouldbe shipped away to Australia orAfrica.Half London would then be emp- tied ; but there would be a chancethat we should then, as Strindbergwrote, "secure a theatre, where we44 may be horrified over the horrible,44 laugh over the laughable, play44 with the playful; where we can44 see everything and not be offended,44 when we see what lies concealedf44 behind theological and esthetic44 veils, even if the old conventional44 laws must be broken; may we44 secure a free theatre, where we44 shall have freedom for all things44 save to have no talent and to be44 a hypocrite or a fool! " ON RECORDS OF ARTISTS.nphe records kept of actors andmen of the stage,... of Irving andWagner, for example.... are unfor- tunate.The Poet is luckier.Byron's friends who reported his sayings and life in books, Trelawny,and Medwin, for instance, did so inthe right way. They recorded himand effaced themselves.Irving had the misfortune to bereported by one of his assistants,Mr Bram Stoker, who acted as hisbusiness manager.Stoker talks about himself, andputs down the 44 clever " things hedid and said, and uses the word weas if it had value. Hence his recordhas little value.Books on Wagner, too, often areabout their writers, not about themusician. But indeed this is toooften so in such cases: It showsgreat stupidity, for to display conceitof that kind is not only a pity, butit defeats its own end, for that whichis small never looks so small aswhen set by and compared with thatwhich is great.The records of Byron are, on theother hand, so rich owing to thecontents being nearly all Byron. InTrelawny's case there is, it is true,much of Shelley; but this only setsoff the creator of *' Don Juan."&amp; These books on Byron are to berecommended as examples to allwho are preparing books relatingto the few men whose opinions ofthese their times will be worthpreserving. ON THE SMALL SCALE."At last the Granville Barker44 methods have been displayed44 to us in two exemplars. The result" does not seem likely to shake the44 theatrical firmament from Its foun- -44 dations. The whole idea of the44 threatened revolution seems to be4&lt; to substitute one set of stage44 conventions for another. This does44 not give reason for terror nor for44 vast congratulation. The exchange44 of the method of lighting, making44 crudity take the place of finish44 of detail, giving us stage-pictures44 and groupings composed in one44 way instead of another, the car- -44 rying of the apron out over the44 orchestra pit so as to allow greater44 vistas and more freedom of action,4* these Innovations are many of them44 more freakish than important." (i)It seems hard lines on the StageSociety of America, which was Instru- mental in arranging for Mr Barker'svisit, to be criticised in this way bythe brightest paper in America;because the Stage Society, on theface of it, hardly set out to bringanything startling, new or movingto America.The thoughtful and adequateperformances of the Barker Troupecould scarcely be expected to rivet the attention of a nation which flungthe suspension bridge from New Yorkto Brooklyn, which conceived thePanama Canal, which raised thestupendous 44 sky-scrapers " of NewYork Citj', and which beats Russiain its contempt for economy.Perhaps 44 Life " should remem- ber that the Stage Society waswanting to do something small, neatand cheap...... and these Barkerperformances were just what itwanted. (1) "Life." New York. February 11. 1915. A WORD ABOUT "THE MASK."'"l"*he war has interfered with ourwork to such an extent thatit has been impossible until nowto issue the new number of theJournal.The Mask is not a topicaljournal, and cannot consider thetopical subjects with which thetheatre of war is filled; but it cancontinue along its old path, thoughnot without difficulty, if a number ofthe subscribers who have not yetdone so will send in their subscrip- tions.The money goes to pay the oneor two compositors, the printer,the paper, the envelopes and thestamps.No money whatever goes to any ofthe writers or illustrators, or to theEditor or to anyone else. OUR NOBLE THEATRE. J. S. IN REMEMBRANCE OFWalter CraneRupert BrookeCharles Frohmann. Oeadlng the full report of the heroic Dardanelles Landing by E. Ashmead-Bartlett we had for the moment forgotten the Theatre and the City..As the last line of the report was reached the heading of the nextparagraph caught the eye: we read on automatically:" Scanty Stage ."" Censor' s Warning."&amp; We hastily read the fourteen lines which followed and wished theEnglish Theatre and Music Hall might be sunk in the sea for the cheaptrash that it pretends the Public wants, and the cheap trashy standardthat it thinks good enough for England. The undressings on the English,Stage are really on a par with the German gas poisoning.&amp; Any old dirty trick seems to be the pride of the Theatre in London..To be so weak as to have to depend on undressing in the Theatreand call it "Art" is the proud example which our Theatre offers atthis time of all others.To so exceed its licence that the Lord Chamberlain is obliged to warnthe London theatrical and music hail world, while the spirit at theDardanelles and In Belgium is the order of the day, is nothing shortof damnable.... What are the Theatre managers and the Music Hail magnates doing? Are they all even greater imbeciles than they havefor years proved themselves ?The English Music Hall and Theatre, being under the leadership ofSir Herbert Tree, hardly seems to know what flag is flying at themast-head. It should be told.We have regretted for years in these columns that the EnglishTheatre, and more especially the London Theatre, was so utterly chaotic andundisciplined; and now during the most serious period of our history itsLeaders are even unable to make its women clothe themselves decently.The real reason of all this is plain.We have had too long as Head of the Profession a man who was toosmall to wear Sir Henry Irving's mantle; an actor who, clever in partsrequiring a foreign accent, Is nevertheless unable to speak the King'sEnglish to any effect when it comes to trying to raise the EnglishTheatrical standard.&amp; For years we have pointed out that the English Theatre containshundreds of first-class actors, many good managers, and plenty of ideas;first-class staffs, good material galore: but we know that since the deathof Sir Henry Irving the English Theatre has had a poor master: one ofthose easy-going, tactful persons without an ideal for his calling, withoutbelief in an Ideal as something which, if never reached, calls at the leastfor serious and unceasing attempts to reach it.&amp; And so it is that on the day when England hears of the heroic andsuccessful work at the Dardanelles, it also hears of this failure of theEnglish Theatre : " The Lord Chamberlain issues a warning to the LondonTheatrical and Muslc-Hall world."Therefore, may that particular kind of Theatrical and Music-Hail worldbe swept into the sea, is the prayer of one of the old English Theatre'struest friends, " The Mask," together with its Editor, all Its contributors,and, we believe, all its readers, whether British, American, French,Italian, or Russian. SPECIAL NOTICE.Mr Gordon Craig wishes us to announce that, while he remains Adviseron Art matters to our journal, he does not wish it supposed thathe acts as Editor, except on some special occasion.A thorough revision of the staff has been forced upon us owing tothe exigencies of the war, and subscribers, contributors, and othersare requested not to send any communication addressed to anyone exceptthe Editor or the Publishers. TWO BOOKS ON THE THEATRE,by Edward Gordon Craig.ON THE ART OF THE THEATRE.(Now in its fourth Edition) HEINEMANN 1911.TOWARDS A NEW THEATRE.DENT. 1912.AFTER THE PRACTICE THE THEORY" Most people begin with theory, and go 0n... if they go 0n... to carrytheir theory into practice. Mr. Gordon Craig has done a betterthing, and, having begun by creating a new Art of the Stage onthe actual boards of the Theatre, has followed up his practicaldemonstration by a Book of Theory, in which he explains what hehas done, telling us also what he hopes to d 0.,,ARTHUR SYMONS in " STUDIES IN SEVEN ARTS. "ORDER THROUGH ANY 800 /(SELLER LIVING THEATREPRICE ONE SHILLING NET.AN ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET ABOUTTHE GORDON CRAIG SCHOOLAND ITS JOURNALTHE MASKIIssuedby** The Mask" Publishers.\Now in its Second Edition.OrderARENAthrough any Bookseller,or direct fromGOLDONI, FLORENCE, ITALY. THE MOSHER BOOKS'pHE special literary value ol my general Catalogue has given it a uniqueposition in the world T&gt;f book-making for book-lovers.From year to year these Catalogues have been issued with the viewof making known, as no other form of advertising could make known,The Mosher Books and what they represent in up-to-date bookcraft. Allpossible value has been put into these books by their publisher; so thatto-day they are the only style of genuine hand-made paper editions atpopular prices in America.Sent without charge to all who are interested in choice editions atmoderate prices.THOMAS B. MOSHER, PORTLAND, MAINE» WHIIWHIMIM i&lt;lM HB.IIIiUtii i)'i'l! I Willi—*r.*S=vIX-5IIIW IMm3C 4y&amp;fr&amp;&lt;Z2I?s3fin 1 iiiUft t fir— in—ii n inn- •&lt;XsOOLDONI BOOKS FOR SOLDIERS AND NURSES.jackets of these books In small sizes (about five by three inches), have beensent from time to time for the use of soldiers at the front, and to theHospitals, and have been found useful.WMTHE GOLBONIBOOKS.FOR NOTESSKETC H I N GDRAWING ANDPA / N T IPROCURABLE DIRECT FROM•• THE MASK " PUBLISHERS ,TPhese Books are made fromthose fine Italian paperswhich, unobtainable in England,are found, even In Italy, only byexperience and careful search.The Books are bound invellum, or in boards coveredwith papers upon which designs,floral or conventional, arehand-printed in colours.These small books cost one shilling each, post free. &lt;&lt;&amp;&gt;Special prices for large numbers.Write for particulars to The Mask Publishers,ARENA GOLDONI, F, .