Bruno's Weekly 3 14 September 16th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-09-16_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 14 PThe contents include: 1 Untitled Image Illustration 1 Untitled Image Illustration 3 Ragtime: An Appreciation John Black cre 3-4 The Tragedy in the Birdhouse Guido Bruno cre 4-6 Untitled Image Illustration 5 New York H. Thompson Rich cre 6 Vers Libre Vincent Starrett cre 6 Thomas A. Edison in his laboratory Etching from life by Bernhard Wall Illustration 7 Literary Jiu- Jitsu E. D cre 7-8 Quandary H. Thompson Rich cre 8 Washington Square Forrest B. Spaulding cre 8 The Fate of Genius 8 CEZANNE, Courtesy Washington Square Gallery Illustration 8 There is a world beyond things which grows out of things R. I. Coady cre 8 Night in the Back Yard Alice Goebell cre 9 Coelum in Terra Hal Cohn cre 9 The Polygamist 9 He That Escapeth Henry Clayton Hopkins cre 9 Splitting the Ears of the Groundlings 10-11 Mr. Theodore Kozloff and Vlasta Maslowa in "Extasy D'Amour", by Eastman Illustration 10 Miss Vera Fredowa in a "War Dance" by Eastman Illustration 10 Two People. The Romance of One Night Guido Bruno cre 11-12 Silhouette drawn in the German trenches Illustration 11 Why and How I Got Married 12 She fought for him Robber-wife." (N. Y cre 12 A War Bride Eleanor" (Westmount, Canada cre 12-13 A Newspaper Romance R. H. H. (Cleveland cre 13 A care of Heredity Airs. C. (Akron, 0 cre 13 "A Fool There Was" W. L. (Norristown, Pa cre 13 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 9 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 15 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 16 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 16 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 16 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 16 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 16 BRUNO'S WEEKLY 100 Dollars for the Story of Your Marriage—(A contest for married people)VEDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONWASHINGTON SQUARE xFive Cents September 16th, 1916 Copyright by Guido Bruno, September 9th, 1916. Originalmatter, including all drawings, may not be reproduced with- out permission of Guido Bruno; but that permission may beassumed if credit is given to author and Bruno's Weekly. • • ' • \ ' &lt;s[, # 4\' ■One Hundred Dollars for theStory of Your Marriage Bruno's Weekly will pay one hundred dollars for the best story settingforth why and how you were married.We don't want literary masterpieces or extraordinary stories of adven- ture. But there is a lot of romance and fragrance about those dayswhen you two met. You know you like to recall those times even ifeverything has changed since.Write down your story just as simply as it happened. We shall notuse your name if you do not wish us to do so.There is no better fiction than the one Fate writes upon the pages ofour lives. We know your story will be enjoyed by lots of others. Writeit down to-day and address it to the "Contest Editor/' Bruno's Weekly,58 Washington Square, New York City. Every week those stories which are printed will be paid for at space rates.The contest will close on October 1st, 1916, and the stories should be lim- ited to three hundred words.SEND YOUR STORY TO-DAY BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Stjtsaar® No. 14 SEPTEMBER 16th MCMXVI Vol. 11l BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY VOLUME IIBRUNO'S WEEKLYBound in white linen clothTWO DOLLARS, postpaid | BRUNO'S WEEKLY PThe contents include:Ragtime An AppreciationThe Tragedy in the BirdhouseWhat is the Matter with Irvin S. CobbTwo People — The Romance of OneNight in Greenwich Village Ragtime: An Appreciation John Black 44np HAT curious music," remarked a young English- -1 man to me, recently, as we sat together on thedeck of a coast steamer, "is your American ragtime. Itis as interesting, in its way, as the famous Hawaiianmelodies. It is essentially and fundamentally American.It stimulates and exhilarates one like an old wine. Itleaps and plunges, laughs and cries, commands andpleads, soothes and inflames, in the most bewilderingfashion/'Perhaps it was the warm interest my acquaintanceevinced in the subject that caused me to give it, for thefirst time, some real consideration. Prior to this I hadtaken our ragtime pretty much for granted. I havealways been in love with this sort of melody. In theearly years, when my juvenile ears were incapable ofdiscriminating or analyzing, I knew the "hits." Theywere meat and drink to me, then. And they are meatand drink to me, now. But maturity has helped me to see the deepersignificance beneath this syncopated music that my landloves so passionately. And this article is an effort tocrystallize my conception of the purpose and aims ofragtime.America is vital. Her vitality is that of the prairiemare, only a few months in harness. Lover of primalthings that she is, the call of the wild is never withoutits appeal to her. The sky she loves, the sea she loves,the mountains she loves, the valleys she loves. All thatis big and strong is America. And America is all thatis big and strong.Even in her most effete Eastern cities, the cowboy isher hero. The spirit of the Grand Canyon rules thecontinent. Big surroundings breed big thoughts.America is the offspring of her prairies, her toweringRockies, her vast lakes. Ever in the midst of suchelemental splendor could she be other than inspired?And could her inspiration find expression in anythingbut magnificent thought? Walt. Whitman's poetry is asmuch America as Yellowstone Park. It is but the coldmajesty of the mountain ridges, the terrible splendor ofthe gulfs, the barren magnificence of the plains—meltedinto words.In the earlier years America found herself elementallyprovided with the lovelier things. In the thunder of hergreat waterfalls was music that quickened and inspired.In her California sunsets were color pictures of powerand vitality. Mountains shaped like human heads wereher sculpture. And through the pulsing, naturalness ofit all, surged a poetry, more august, vivid and lyricalthan has ever welled up from the heart of earthly bard.We still have all these treasures, today. The waterfallsretain their lovely cadence. The sunsets are as rich intones, as delightfully variable, as ever. The phenomenalmountains can still startle and fascinate.But other elements have entered into the life ofAmerica. Commerce has ordained that we shall crowdmillions of our people into a hand-ful of little garden- plots and name these scenes of congested activity NewYork, Chicago, San Francisco, etc. And with thedevelopment of the generations has come a developmentof the spirit.From coast to coast this change is perceptible.America has not ceased to love poetry, music or art.But America has ceased to sit by her Niagara and dream.She has transferred her ideals from the mountain to themarket. The passion that, years ago, was fanned intoheat by the music of Colorado thunderrwinds, todayspends itself in making of each, big, busy, trade-filledday, finished triumph. America loves her commerce.The surge and rush of it, the tense uncertainty, thesplendid daring of it, thrill her bubbling, school-boyheart as nothing else could thrill it.And, consistent with the illimitable supply of vigorand electricity that is hers, she demands these virtuesin all about her. No decadent music or poetry for this brave young heart! Her songs must be fresh, strong,kindly and keen. Her painting must be virile, true andpotent. Her stories must have the strength of theNiagara in them—the strength of the Niagara that shenow too seldom sees. Her stage people must have thewarmth, affection and impetuosity that is so big a partof America, herself. Her music, she divides into twoclasses—the portentous, ornate melodies of the oldworld, and the sparkling, saucy ragtime that is so ex- pressive of her own individuality.To the former America comes in her deeper, holiermoments. To the latter she comes for relaxation at theclose of day. And how splendidly faithful to her obliga- tion, is ragtime! The warmth, the glowing friendlinessthat is hers, is ever refreshing, ever invigorating, evercomforting. Surely it is the heart language that is mostuniversally understood, after all?Ragtime in the evening, when the sun has just set,and its scarlet draperies have not yet lost themselves inthe western dusk! When the beach is a dim gold and theocean is some strange lovely hue, half turquoise andhalf emerald! When the sky is—but we do not neednature's poetry to help us appreciate this wonderfulmusic of ours.We love it in the daytime. We love it at night. Welove it when flippant. We love it when grave. If we'recheerful, it rejoices with us in our gladness. If we'remorose, it sidles coyly into our hearts and offers ussympathy in wistful, tender cadences. If we'resentimental, it drifts into gentle, mediative rhythms.There is no mood known to America that is foreign toragtime. And there is no mood in her ragtime that failsto find a responsive chord in the heart of its creator.America—big-hearted, impulsive, lovable land thatyou are—there is not among all your institutions any- thing so vitally a part of you as your ragtime. There isniot across your broad breast any feature of your in- numerable activities, that so poignantly, so faithfullyexpresses the best that is in you. There is not, in thedepths of your rich, glowing heart, any quality so kindly,so natural, so sincere, so human. And, if none of yourother fine traits remained, if all else was vain, then,land that I love, the world would still know you and loveyou, know your hopes, your fears, your joys, your sor- rows, your successes, your failures, your tears, yourlaughter—know and love them, through this wonderfulvehicle of expression that you have created—your rag- time. The Tragedy in the Birdhouse By Guido Bruno HE was pearl-gray. He had white wing-feathers andhe carried his head like a king. His feet werepurple and the cream-colored down on his legsresembled silk stockings of a page proud to bear thetrain of his mistress. His eyes were re'd-brown. Theygazed disgustedly at a flock of sparrows that had forcedthemselves into the birdhouse and had begun to pick upthe yellow corn that lay on the pale gold of the gravel."Enjoy yourselves, you vagabonds," he said. Hisvoice was scornful but sad. "It must be dreadful to live outside where it is so dusty and where men with greatbrooms are always sweeping you aside. But how greedyyou are. Always eating and eating and payining no at- tention to the beautiful scenery that they have built forme here and the little lake as real as life where I canbathe to my heart's content. Plebeians! First you stuffyourselves and then you creep away and sleep and sleepuntil you are hungry again."And the pearl-gray bird moved his wings up and downlike a dainty blonde coquette that smooths impossiblewrinkles out of her gown, looks at her hands and thinks:"What beautiful hands I have!"Meanwhile the sparrows hopped about on the sandand helped themselves to the tidbits generously. Asmall dark rogue with a white fleck on his breast fixedhis eyes on a brown little lady that very boldly keptwithin speaking distance of him. He chirped to herright gayly and encouraged her to come nearer. If sheappeared to be indifferent, he made signs that she wouldbe very welcome. At last she approached him, veryshyly. But the nearer she came to him, the moreanimated she grew and soon had progressed as far asa great crust of bread that lay between them. Thesparrow had been watching his sweetheart with prideand joy and now he was struck with a daring thought."Suppose we both took hold of this piece of bread,"he said, you on one side and I on the other and wecarried it over there—you know where—under the roofof the white house with many statues."She appeared to take the matter under consideration.She knew exactly what the bold fellow meant. Theyhad often sat on a perch there together and he had talkedabout love and had stroked her wing feathers with hisbill, very tenderly. And she had made no objections.She knew they had fallen in love with each other andthat each was thinking of building a nest. Both wantedto set up house-keeping right there where they hadacknowledged their love and had such happy times.The ardent lover grew more and more determined.He took hold of the crust and jerked it here and thereso vigorously that he raised a little storm of crumbs anddust."How strong he is," thought the little lady. And shenoticed with satisfaction that the performance was beingwatched by other feathered folk. What she really wantedto do was to hop up to him—quite close to him—andlay her head on the white spot on his breast. But thatwas a thing that really ought not to be done where any- one could see it. So she only looked at him meaninglyand took hold of the crust in a very determined fashion.Then they flew with it a little way just to show thatthey had not undertaken too much together. And theygot on very well with it. They stopped to take breathand the sparrow deeply impressed with a sense ofresponsibility of which he had never dreamed, said,:"Now we have enough provisions for the first" fewdays. And there is still plenty of water in the troughsunder the eaves left from the last rain so we need notworry about our living while we are building our nest,also where there is a stable filled with sweet-scentedhay and in the window of an old house there lies everymorning a beautifud elder bolster from which we cantake down to make a soft bed." "Oh, look at the lovers! Just see the lovers!" shrilledall the other sparrows in chorus. Then they hoppedabout excitedly, jostling one another. For this was areal event in such a quiet community.The beautiful bird with the purple feet had left offpolishing his toes to watch the carrying-on of the sweet- hearts. "What a great fuss they are making over a pieceof bread," he thought.And then with a bored expression he gazed at theother sparrows that were picking up from the groundthe scattered grains and crumbs. He began to thinkabout the nest of which the pair had spoken. What mightit look'like? And then it occurred to him that he knewnothing about anything out there behind the iron nettingof the birdhouse. Should he ask the chattering spar- rows? That would certainly be the simplest thing to do.But - - - speak with them! No? Better perish withcuriosity! One ought not to ask questions of beggarsthat eat the crumbs in the gravel."Out with you, you silly mob!" he croaked in such adisagreeable voice that it was hard to believe that itcould come from such a beautiful bird. Then he spreadhis wonderful wings and swung them as if he would fanaway the brown-feathered host. There was a loud chirp- ing either in anger of fear and swish—swish—they flewstraight through the netting to the trees in the hedge,yonder in the mysterious land outside."They are growing quite impudent," observed theyellow pelican, passing by. And he sniffed with his longbill at the edge of the little pond built in the plot coveredwith smooth pebble stones. It seemed to the gray birdwho was not really so bad at heart after all and whowas terribly lonely and sad, quite convenient that thepelican who always appeared to be so stupid, was in atalkative mood."Look here, Mr. Pelican," he said, "you are wiserthan I and know a great deal more about things than Ibecause you are very much older. What is there outsidebehind the wire netting from which poor little birds comeand where they are such strange things? And what is anest? All the creatures kept teasing two little sparrowsthat wanted to build a nest."The pelican shook his head thoughtfully for a whileand then whetted his bill on a stone. He drew one of hislegs out of sight and looked at his dainty gray com- panion, critically."You were born in this place and you are very young,"he began, "and I suppose I ought not to destroy yourpeace of mind by enlightening you. But I feel so lone- some today that it will do me good to talk to you."Far, far from here is a lake a million times biggerthan this wretched puddle that they have arranged herefor my bath. Over this lake arches a wide sky acrosswhich hurry white clouds from which fall the most re- freshing drops, crystal-clear. All around this lake growgreen trees and reeds. And about it are stretches ofmeadow where the lushest of grasses are to be found.You really ought to have lived there in order to be ableto picture it."In the thicket of reeds down quite close to the watermy parents had a nest. Oh, you asked just now what anest is! A nest is a comfortable little house that lookssomething like the house they build for us here. But they are really very different. And one could not speakof them as if they had been ordered, paid for anddelivered. My father and mother were quite youngwhen they first met each other. They were beautifulwhite birds with broad bands of yellow in their wings.They dove deep into the water, chased each other acrossthe broad meadows and played games high in the air.Then they would go hunting and bring back fruit andlittle fishes and my father always carried the best ofwhat he found to mother. And these were his happiesthours when he saw how good the thing that he hadbrought tasted."And then one day, it occurred to them how pleasantit would be if they did not have to separate in the even- ing and each go to a different home. So they decidedto build themselves a nest."I remember how my mother was accustomed to speakof it. Each piece of reed that they fetched in their billswas admired and then laid carefully in just the rightplace. And when everything was ready father dove deepin the lake—and that was at the risk of his life for hehad to make the plunge headfirst—and tore away a wholebushel of seaweed and lined the nest with it to make asoft bed for my mother. And then they moved in thereand were happy! During the day they romped in thewater and scurried about for food, sharing the tidbit.Sometimes father had bad luck and then mother wasvery proud to be able to give him something from herstore or her catch."And then mother had to remain at home and fatheralways kept coming with something good in his bill.And then I was born. And how both of them caressedme and how proud mother and father were?"Tears stood in the eyes of the old pelican and ran ingreat drops down to the yellow sand. He could not speakfor a while, he was so deeply moved."And one day,"he continued, a soft sob choking hisvoice, "I was separated from my parents and my home.The sun was bright in the sky, the air was clear andfresh and the lake lay peaceful there as smooth as glassand glittering silver like a mirror. I thought I would venture out to find something to eat for myself. I wentto the green, lonely meadow. Then suddenly I saw somegreat thin thing coming toward me. I did not know atthat time that there were such things as men that weremightier than we and that could catch us. Father andmother had not explained that to me, doubtless out of adesire to preserve my childish innocence. Suddenlyhowever I felt myself violently seized from behindhandI lost consciousness."When I came to myself I was in a little cage andlater they brought me here. That was years ago and Ihave continued to remain here and grown accustomedto everything and only on days like this when the sun ishidden by clouds and I know that it is shining away offthere on my meadows and on my lake I find myself veryhomesick."It is true that I have everything that I need. I donot have to think of food. I do not have to battle withthe wild elements and have nothing to fear from theraging storms. But my wings are lame and my eyes areweak and I would prefer to be one of the little sparrowsthat come here to steal the crumbs."The pelican stood there pensive. He slowly stretchedout his leg that had been drawn up and pointed his "billin the opposite direction."But, Mr. Pelican," answered the little gray bird whohad listened eagerly to the recital, "why couldn't webuild up a nest even here? Haven't you Mrs. Pelican?And think of the beautiful little pelicans that you hadlast summer and that were taken away!""Yes, we can build nests. We have to build nests"the pelican said over his shoulder in a bitter tone. "Evenyou will build one. And they will bring you a mate andyou must suffer it—do you hear? you must suffer it! Andwhen you have children they will let you keep themwhile they are little and helpless and then they will takethem from you and use them for other purposes."The pelican walked solemnly over to the other sideof the birdhouse where his wife was lying and fellasleep.The gray bird had grown very serious. He looked upat the iron meshes of the cage. He thought of the littlesparrow that was building a nest somewhere and hewondered what the little mate that they were going tobring to him would look like. Then he felt a sharp pain—the anguish of a longing that he had never beforeexperienced. He felt disgust and loathing for the puddleof water and yellow gravel and the pelican and the otherbirds that lived in the house with him. And he wantedto go away. Far away where there were soft grassesand broad lakes and where the water was clear andwhere the sky was not parcelled off by iron netting. Hewanted to fly and to bathe in a lake and to dive intodeep water, headfirst and to tear away seaweed andhe wanted to build a nest.Summoning all his strength, he lifted himself as highas possible. He was frightened when he felt himselfhovering uncertainly in the air and striking against theiron meshes of the birdhouse. "Sometime I am goingto beat against the iron barriers with such force," hedetermined, "that they will break and I shall fly away."And he made this decision after he had flown to the top of the cage two or three times and collided with theiron netting and suffered great pain.The other birds however, who had cuddled up com- fortably in their favorite corners awaiting the oncomingof the night, whispered to each other: "He must havebecome blind. Else he would have seen that netting."The others shrugged their shoulders and said: "Heis crazy." New York H. Thompson Rich I sing of You,Meanest and mightiest of cities,—To some unborn civilizationCountless centuries hence,I address my song.I sing of your ten million soulsWho struggle and blend and fuse:City of steel limbsThat stand against the stars,Defying time an instant in the eternal pulse,Defied at the end by time.I sing of your trainsThat flash beneath the ground,Rush under rivers,Climb over trestles spun to the clouds;Of roarings that dazzle the ear by day,And flashings that stagger the eye by night,—Din of factories where untold thousands toil;Cough of river craft:Tugs, ferries, barges, scows,Steamers a half mile long;Burst of great avenues ablaze with light:Huge signs of myriad electric bulbs,Against the sky.I sing of your luxuries,Luxuries never before enjoyed anywhere in the world,Extravagances never before equalled in the courts of kings.I sing of your pomp and show,Your sin and corruption,Your vice and degradation,—Never before known or dreamed in the hells of earth.I sing of your strength and glory and triumph,Your weakness and shame and defeat,—I sing of You, New York,Master and slave of men. Vers Libre Vincent Starrett THE doctor would have been a great manIf he had not dabbled too deeply in the mysteries of sex;The lawyer could have risen highHad he been content to take his divorce fees in cash;The clergyman's eloquence might well have wafted him toheavenBut for his habit of practicing it upon the ladies' aidIn private.I might yet amount to something as a writerIf I could only let the damned women alone! Thomas A. Edison in his laboratory Etching from life by Bernhard Wall Literary Jiu- Jitsu E. D. A FEW years ago our athletic young men werepracticing a marvellous Japanese system ofphysical culture based on a knowledge of the vulnerablestrategic points of the body, where major nerves runclose to the surface and can be put out of action by asingle blow; a system that appealed to the lazy man byits marvelous economy of effort. Instead of the labori- ous routine of punishing your adversary with your fistsuntil he was unable to ward off a finishing blow (aprocess involving considerable incidental pains andperils) you cut short the preliminaries, went straight tothe point, and put him out of action by direct attack ona vital spot.Jiu-jitsu has passed out of vogue among physicalinstructors, but writers seem to be taking up the fad.Notably Irvin S. Cobb. Cobb has been slipping of late,going backward; but like his illustrious contemporary,Christy Mathewson, he is going slowly, staving off withcunning the ineluctable day. For Matty remained theOld Master for years after his fast one ceased to sizzleand his curves ceased to break. He knew what theycouldn't hit—the one particular thing that bewilderedeach batter and left him swinging a ridiculous and futilebat at an elusive ball. And it is by just this sort ofthing, by pitching with his head and remembering whatthey can't hit, that Cobb has been getting by in the lastyear or so. There was a time, and lately, when Cobb had every- thing—painstaking and balanced plot, a finely accurateand amazingly inclusive sense of character, humor rawand primal, a style sufficiently facile—perhaps too facile,profound and paternal sympathy; and with all of this,above all and more than all, the master sense that taughthim how to direct the rest—the instinct for that whichclutches the emotions where they lie raw and unguarded,and ties the heart strings up in a knot. This was hisgreat gift, but it was the greatest of many; in those daysCobb was near immortality. He was American as onlyMark Twain and O. Henry were American, but he fittedinto one of our schools—he had as little fellowship witiithe furtive passion of Chambers as with the pulpit- pounding of David Graham Phillips and Owen Johnson,the flippant crudeness of the imitators of Cohan, therarefied elegance of our women realists. He was only- begotten, without kin; a national institution. Most liketo Porter, he fell short of Porter's flair for the perverseand ironic, but went far beyond him in understandingand pity. He was Cobb.But now the munitions are running short; the speedis gone, the curves no longer break. Cobb of today isnot the Cobb of a few years ago. His plots grow fainterand fainter; his characters become perfunctory, sketchy,or repetitions of characters from his own Golden Age;the humor halts and falters; and his stories are damnably padded (though perhaps all magazine stories must bepadded today). Yet he gets by through that one greatgift, the instinct for the vulnerable centers of emotion.He knows what they can't hit.He 3s fudging on us; whether it is because he is writ- ing too much, or is getting prosperous and slovenly, orsimply has gone stale, has been milked of ideas, the factremains that iai his recent work there is only a shadowof fiie old Cobb. Not that he has lost his punch; heseems to have lost everything but his punch. For hestill gets by—bow? Why, by literary jiu-jitsu; by shadow- t&gt;oxing for five or six thousand words, bewildering uswith feints and sparring until suddenly he leaps forwardwith a fiendish chuckle and thrusts his fingers deep intothe penumogastric nerve; and we laugh, we cry, weshiver and fall prostrate—and when we have pulled ourshaken selves together we agree that Cobb is still good,though the story that has caught us be one which hasneither beginning nor middle, nor much of an end, andWhich as to depiction of character and portrayal of lifecompares with the best of the old Cobb about as favor- ably as the two-per-cent. near-beer of the dry towncompares with the Bourbon of the Blue Grass.When Cobb writes about himself he is still interest- ing; his trips to the war zone, his lecture tour, the re- moval of his appendix, his struggle against the layers*&gt;112 fat that encase his soul. But when he writes fictionihe can't, or at least doesn't, give us what we havelearned to expect. He knows our weaknesses; he canget by for a while longer. But not even Mathewson•could pitch forever without an arm. We do not knowthe circumstances of Mr. Cobb's private life, but it looksas if he is in sore need of some cataclysmic new ex- perience to shake him up. If he were tried for murder,or took a job as section hand, or got religion, or ran acountry store, or taught school for a year or so, it mightyonce more make a writer out of a magazine writer. Quandary H. Thompson Rich WHAT would they say,I wonder,The old mountebanks:» Balzac,Catullus,Chaucer,.Boccaccio,—If they knewThat these modern word-mongersWere chopping up indifferent proseInto odd lengths,And selling it to the newspapers and magazinesAt twenty-five centsA line?I rather imagineThey would be green with envy! Washington Square Forrest B. Spaulding STARS and a summer nightThe crescent moon shining through the trees,Casting weird shadows on the unresting parkOverlit by myriads of flickering lamps.And you sitting silently beside me listeningAs I dream aloud of future hopes and fears,Of life's ambitions,Perhaps never to come.With the strong clear vision of imaginative youthI build great castles in the airThat unrelenting time may level to the groundAs she soon or later brings to earth all man-made things.But in our eyes they stand impregnable.Meanwhile the huge illuminated crossAlternately gleams, and vanishes from our fickle sightAs the mischievous summer wind caresses the leavesPlayfully plotting to obscure our vision. The Fate of Genius I have heard men of the present day, distinguished inpolitics, in literature, in science, complain of envy, ofhatred, of calumny. They were wrong. It is law. It isglory. The high-renowned afford examples. Hatred followsthem everywhere. Nothing escapes it. The theatre openlyyielded to it Shakespeare and Moliere; the prison could nottake away from it Christopher Columbus; the cloister didnot preserve St. Bernard; the throne did not save Napoleon.There is only one asylum for genius in this world; it is iathe tomb! CEZANNE,Courtesy Washington Square Gallery R. I. Coady There is a world beyond things which grows out of thingsand can exist only as a result of things but which is anotherworld other than a world of things. Night in the Back Yard Alice Goebell NO, not silence. That golden treasure will never befound in a city that knows no rest. But darknessand quiet have settled upon the back yard. The clothes- lines are no longer distinct, but a man's white shirt isgently flapping like the sail of a black ship on darkwaters at mid-night. The breath-'like breeze that blowsthe shirt stirs the few blades of grass a little that growaround the edges of the yard. If there is a belated grass- hopper down there, he hears a queer little rattling, asone stiffening blade bends upon another and he is re- minded that the frost will not be long in coming. A lowrustle could be heard in the walnut-shrub, whose leavesare now brown and brittle and quite curled up, if thissame little breeze did not hear with it the heavyrumblings of the elevated only a block away. It iswonderful what a multiplicity of things a single littlebreeze can do all at once!The moon is high up in the sky. It shines down onthe shirt and makes it look whiter. It shines down onthe back-yard and makes dark places look darker. Acat comes from somewhere and sits down on the top ofthe plank wall with her tail wound around her. Shesits motionless with head tilted upward and glowingeyes fixed on the moon. Another cat, thin and black,comes from somewhere else and creeps carefully alongthe wall. He sits down opposite his neighbor and gazesupward at the moon. And yet another cat comes ....but the back-yard is no longer quiet! Coelum in Terra Hal Cohn A little cottage not far away—yet not too near;Furnished not lavishly, yet plentiful.Each room built so that it may have a share—Of God's sun-light sometime during the day.Outside a garden, not laid out in beds where none daretread,But trimmed carelessly, yet neatly, so all might pluck aflower. JThe entire atmosphere must breathe of love and good,So that each passer-by may see on looking in,A hearty welcome and a quiet placeTo rest his weary limbs and quench his thirst,And with all, some saintly soul of woman fairWith me shall mold a heaven of our own—On earth. This is of what I dream,A little home—sometime, somewhere. The Polygamist THE story runs, that once, in the dark ages, a young manwas brought before the authorities, charged with havingmarried several wives. When called upon for his defence,"It is true," said he, "most learned judges, that I have mar- ried several women, but judge for yburselves whether myobject in so doing was not praiseworthy. A man has surelya right, if he buys an article for good, and it turns out to bebad, to reject it. Now I found that the first wife I marriedwas ill-tempered, the second lazy, and the third false, andso forth. All I want is to get a good ~&amp;ne, and I shall besatisfied." The bench were puzzled at first at this novel defence, but after a short consultation decreed, that as itwould be impossible for the defendant to find a perfect wife,except in the other world, he should be immediately put todeath, to enable him to look for one. He That Escapeth Henry Clayton Hopkins A SPIDER cast her silken thread to the breeze, andawaited results.The viscous fabric floated to and fro, and finally caughtsecurely to a neighboring branch.Just then a diminutive beetle rushed breathlesslyalong the twig, his little body gleaming in the sun,pursued by a monster with eight legs and three pairs ofhorrid eyes. There were no means of escape, had nota merciful breath of air stirred the spanning thread, andity iridescence caught the bulging eyes of the sorelypressed fugitive."Ah, Providence affordeth always an escape for theinnocent," he cried, and began a perilous journey alongthe swaying bridge.The monster stopped short at the end of the twig,gnashing his jaws and reaching out his hooked clawstoward the escaping prey, well knowing that the slendercord would not support his black mass.The fugitive stepped onto the leaf that held the fartherend of the thread, with a deep inspiration of joy andthankfulness for his miraculous deliverance.His tiny footfalls awoke the sleeping spider, who,taking in the situation at a glance, remarked, as shegathered in her victim, "It's an ill wind that blows no- body good." And the monster, who was holding his earto the thread, which served in lieu of a telephone-wire,hearing the remark, turned green with envy, and waslost in the general color of his surroundings. Splitting the Ears of the Groundlings Mr. Theodore Kozloff and Vlasta Maslowa in"Extasy D'Amour", by Eastman Miss Vera Fredowa in a "War Dance" by Eastman Dramatic Criticism BOGUMIL Davidson, the great German tragedian hasgone crazy in America after he had played KingLear more masterfully than anybody else. He wasseized by insanity in his dressing-room. The once poorJewish boy from Lemberg demanded from his managerpayment, in gold, of his salary. They found him, aftera performance, playing with the gold pieces, stalk- mad.He could have played the real Paganini, the man whowas consumed by those two strongest passions: hungerfor art and miserly desire of gold.Edward Knoblauch transformed Paganini—produced afew days ago by Klaw and Erlanger and George L.Tyler, in the Criterion Theatre—into a study inartistictemperament. I mean it in the sense as it is under- stood by the average American: the grotesque makeupof the great artist which has nothing whatever to do withthe real man. As it is usually with the executors ofhistoric novels and plays, who seem to have been bornas strange old maids with pseudo-romantic inclination,he couldn't do anything with the real Paganini, thePaganini haunted by demons, and he had to makechanges—such changes that he is beyond recognition.He made him a sort of a hero of a family novel whocomposes continually, who eats very little, who per- spires "soul" out of all his pores, and who has thebehavior of an Italian punchinello. Temperamentaloutbursts in a cute brogue, a funny thin body with livelymovements, a quick-silvery countenance, long hair andgrotesque attire. Add to this seeming sexlessness inhis intercourse with femininity: this is Edward Knob- lauch's Paganini—Paganini after the heart of old maidsof both sexes. Fortunately, the part was entrusted to George Arliss,or better, it was written for his curiously-thin body whichgave birth some time ago to Disraeli. He again trans- forms the false Paganini into a stage reality. Becausehe knows more than to exhibit his very thin legs, tohump his bony back, or to tear his skeleton fingers through his bushy locks. Arliss is one of the few bigcaricaturists of the American stage, one cut out todemonstrate' to our tasteless newspaper cartoonists thatone must have learned first to draw a life-true characterbefore one can distort him amusingly and humorously.He pours whiskey into-the weak tea of the play. Hisis a fastidious refinement akin to genius. One realizes- this especially when one has witnessed a short whileago his American colleague, George F. Dixey, "gothrough a similarly grateful part" with that certainsanguinity caused by training and routine. "Mr. Lazarus,"by O'Higgins and Harriet Ford, is about the best these two equally-fruitful and successful authors have writtenso far for the American stage. It, too, is a novel-likeplot adopted often before on the stage but cleverly andoriginally twisted into an atmosphere of fine humor. Aman accustomed to the life of a free, gold prospectorgrows tired of his matrimonial bliss during his honey- moon. A railroad accident affords him the chance todisappear without leaving any traces. After a lapse oftwenty years he is seized with a desire to see his wifeagain and he returns, a second Enoch Arden. His"widow" had married again. He sees her, who hadintended to make him quickly into a henpecked hus- band, a hopeless slave of a brutal rascal with oily manners.He feels compassion for her and still more for theirbeautiful daughter—of whose existence he had neverknown. He disdoses his identity and plays Providenceon Earth for both of them. But, as he realizes theintentions of his re-found wife to put him again underthe ban of her unattractive personality, he disappearsfor a second time—and now for good.Dixey plays the part of the husband who returned andhe has his name in equally-bold type as George Arlisshas his. George Arliss has decidedly-better physicalendowments to play himself exclusively, than has HenryF. Dixey. But he plays—as far as the playwrights givehim the chance—today Disraeli and tomorrow Paganini.Both bear George Arliss's own physiognomy and arestill fundamentally-different creations of a creativeartist. Henry F. Dixey, for the last thirty years, has playedHenry F. Dixey. But then, George Arliss is a great im- personator because of his long years of artistic work.Henry F. Dixey was born—not made—Henry F. Dixey.Herein lies the difference between the careers ofactors in Europe and in America.MOMUS Fair and Warmer There is an atmosphere of happy merriment throughall the three acts on the stage. The complications thatIpad to catastrophe—and finally to a pleasant solution—s&gt;eem to come naturally. Innocent silliness and attemptsto become drinkers are always pleasing to the audience.Because they all know better. Hearty laughter on thestage and still heartier laughter in the audience makefor a pleasant evening. Here is a good show—thepleasant passing of an evening without regrets. Anecdote of Washington W HEN the American troops were quartered at Newburg,at the close of the revolutionary war, and the soldierswere stirred up to rebellion against the government by thefamous anonymous letters, whick, it has since been ascertain- ed, were written by General Armstrong, then a major in thearmy, General Washington convened the officers for thepurpose of addre?ol'ng them on this subject, and calming thetumult which was beginning to rage in their bosoms. He helda paper in his hand on which the remarks he intended tomake were written—and then it was, that finding himselfunable to read without assistance—as he was drawing hisspectacles from his pocket that unpremeditated expressionbroke from him—one of the most pathetic that ever fell fromhuman lips—"Fellow-citizens" said he, "you perceive I havenot only grown gray—but blind in your service " The effectof this remark was electrical. No bosom—no eye was proofagainst it. Two People. The Romance of One Night By Guido Bruno Silhouette drawn in the German trenches "To your apartment?" she seemed shocked. But Ididn't intend to spend any more time in a depot and soI thrust my arm under hers and led her out of the stationto a 'bus that was waiting in front of the main entrance."You trusted me," I said, "with your story, and I willtrust you, take you with me home, and give you a chanceto do all those things you say you want to do. Youmustn't raise the question of a woman going home witha stranger if you don't want me to raise the question ofa man taking home a strange woman. You know mejust as well as I know you. You told me that you havemoney and jewelry, that you belong to the same classas I and all that sort of thing because you wanted me tohelp you. It might be true and it might not. I don't care.The fact is, you are homeless at present. I am willingto help you and so I place faith in you. But when I starta thing I usually carry it through as I see fit. I was'game,' as yon mentioned in the start of our conversa- tion. Now isn't it up to you to be game? and you haveto be game because there is no backing out for you. Itsmighty dangerous to accost men in New York with pro- positions as you accosted me and I would not run therisk to let you try it with another one."It was then that she seemed to realize the severity ofthe step she had taken. I felt the hesitation and a littlebit of terror that went through her body, but she wasgame. We boarded the top of the 'bus and we were theonly passengers. The night was cold but refreshing. Weturned into Fifth Avenue and that wonderful boulevardlay dead before us. The two long rows of white lightsseemed to meet somewhere far, far away. Very few vehicles crossed over to some side-streets and the foot- steps of solitary passersby resounded in the quietness ofthe night. We passed the church near Twelfth Street asshe spoke to me again. She said, "I do trust you."She trembled just a little bit following me into theunlighted corridor of the old building that years ago hadserved as a mansion of a respectable family, but wasutilized now by the estate of this family as an apartmenthouse. It sheltered many artists and writers and otherswho preferred the charm of high ceilings and open fire- places to modern elevators and ice-chests. I lighted thegas in my sitting-room and the lamp in my coffee -per- colator, asked her to take off her coat, but by all meanstonight a lodging.She did not look very comfortable in her eveninggown, with hat and veil on her head. She lookedgrotesque. She was sitting in an armchair, a hand oneach arm. I loved her hands. The water in the per- colator was boiling. I poked the fire in the fireplace."I am the daughter of one of the richest men in this-city," she*began, her hands now clasping her knees, andlooking into the glistering flames. "I just came fromcollege. I am expected to be a debutante this season. Irsaw a little of life, of course, not very much, but just alittle more than the average well-chaperoned girl yougenerally see, and I cannot go back to the life I am• expected to lead. Silly society chatter, receptions, teas, charity work, and perhaps marry some day a man, after,I get tired and bored. And then, to continue to live inthe same fashion until I die? I cannot do it!"Look at my shoes. They cost eighteen dollars. Threesales girls in one of our department stores work for thatamount one week. A man slaves from morning untilnight for that same money and supports a wife andchildren. I had lunch this noon in a tea room. I paidfor a cup of tea with some biscuits and jelly, enough tokeep a man from starving for a week, and I gave thewaitress a tip that would have brought a homeless mantonight a lodging." j"I can't enjoy the food I eat, the clothes I wear be- cause of all the others who have to do without them.Now I am not silly, I know that if my father would giveaway all his money and distribute it among the people,the world would not be much better off. There wouldstill be starvation and homeless men and women on thestreets. The only excuse for us to sit in restaurants andeat when thousands are hungry, and to wear nice clotheswhile millions are shabby, is the consciousness that wework for the money with which we pay and that the onlydifference between us in a warm and cosy home andthose wretched figures on the park benches, Is merelythe fact that we have had a chance and they did not." Why and How I Got Married Many hundred stories, brief and lengthy accounts, arrive every week at the desk of our Contest Editor. Mostof them testify that marriage, even in our commonplace age, preserves its old romance and that to relate a story ofhow Grandfather took Grandmother urges the pen into hands not otherwise ambitious of literary achievement. Ahandful of these stories will be chosen every week foi- the perusal of our readers. She fought for him "Robber-wife." (N. Y.) I took my husband from another woman. And far frombeing an humble penitent, I glory in my base act! Forthat other woman was a married vampire—not the kind wesee on the screen, wicked eyes, snaky fingers and designingways _but a spoiled, petted, irresponsible little woman whodelighted in chronic illnesses that begat sympathy, egotisticaland selfish like so many American bred women. She wasseven years older than this boy whom she had inveigled intoa liaison that, had it reached its climax, would have meantdisgrace for both families. She had a small child whom sheactually neglected in order that her silly infatuation mightgo on unchecked. She was the type of woman who imaginesevery male in love with her, although she was not attractivein face or form. However, she was a vigorous - mindedcreature who knew how to interest and hold young people.This boy was little understood at home and very lonely,so he fell 'a ready victim to her wilee. She was a marriedwoman of several years standing, had experienced numerouslove affairs, and knew, or ought to have known, what shewas doing; while the boy was one of those callow, suscept- ible youths too easily flattered by an older woman's attentions.You know the type—nearly every boy has one of these at- tachments for a married woman in his past.So I didn't take it seriously. But the boy was beginningto take it seriously when he found that the woman was be- ginning to take it seriously! She was actually on the point of giving up a good husband and her child and face disgracein order to hold the boy. He and I had known each otherfrom childhood and there had been a sort of unspoken en- gagement between us, so we came to a definite understand- ing one time when the woman was away from home and whenshe returned she found us married.Of course there were scenes a - plenty, but hervindictiveness didn't last long and today she is our very goodfriend, rather ashamed of her foolishness. But the boylearned his lesson, too, and he declares he shall keep aneagle eye upon his own son and save him, if possible, froma like near-tragedy. A War Bride "Eleanor" (Westmount, Canada.) I am a Canadian War Bride. It is now ten. months sincemy warrior husband left for "Somewhere in France.'lThe scene of his departure is still fresh in my mind's eywI see once more the huge transport ship, crowded to itscapacity with cheering khaki clad figures, sailing slowly,majestically up the St. Lawrence, while thousands of civ- ilians waved a last good-bye from the docks.Shortly before war was declared, George and I had be- come engaged, but with the date of our marriage unsettled,as my fiance, although holding a good position with a hugebusiness concern, had a mother and sister to support. Con- sequently, we decided to wait until George secured anexpected promotion. Then came that awful day in August two years ago, whenall Europe was plunged into conflict. George's firm, likemany others failed, and he was obliged to get anotherposition at a much lower salary. Our marriage seemedfurther off than ever.All around us, the young men of Canada were flocking tothe colors. I beganNto ask myself if George was going toanswer his country's call. However, as he never broachedthe; subject, I did not question or urge him in any way toenlist, although in my heart, I was longing for him to joinfcthe army.One night, he asked me whether I would object to hisgoing overseas? My delighted look was answer enough.Then he explained that he had been under the impressionthat his enlisting would cause his delicate mother to worryherself sick on account of him, but that he had accidentlylearned that she was secretly ashamed that he did not so.We were married a few days after this, in true militaryfashion, and a week later, my husband's battalion left forthe front.Will be come back? That is the question that torments mymind. Will he find a hero's grave in the bloodstained fieldsof Flanders? A Newspaper Romance R. H. H. (Cleveland) THERE seems to be no more efficient matrimonial bureauin all the world than the office of a great newspaper.Managing editor, department editors, stenographers, telephonegirls, even the reporters, who as a class are popularly (anderroneously) believed to live wild, care-free bachelor lives,all sooner or later fall before the little winged god.I was about the greenest "cub" that ever was lost in aneditorial room. I came in for all the long whiskered jokesand tricks that ever graced (I should say disgraced) theannals of initiation to newspaperdorn. There was only oneperson who did not try to add to my discomfiture. When,after three days of such grilling, I decided I was never cutout to be a newspaper man, it was the Women's Editor whopersuaded me to stick. After the first week no offer, how- ever tempting, could have dragged me from that paper. Notwhile the Women's Editor stayed. From the start she helpedme with my copy. Her years of experience in every branqhof the work were placed at my disposal to help me. over therough spots the beginner strikes. The second week I wasthere she secured passes to the summer's big grand operafeature, Siegfried, She asked me if I would like to go withher. I jumped at the chance. The cost of these seats wouldhave amounted to more than my week's salary if I had themto pay for. That night we discovered a mutual love of music,books, boating, bathing and tennis. Before six weeks hadpassed we discovered a mutal love for each other and becameengaged. That she was older than I by several years andthat her salary more than trippled mine, did not discourageus. We decided that marriage would be out of the questionfor some time to come, so each promised to keep the en- gagement secret until my prospects should be better. A yearof hard work followed. Her efforts to help me were untir- ing, so that summer brought a gratifying increase in the sizeof my pay check. Even then it could not compare with thesalary she was earning, but we decided it was enough tolive on—if we were careful. She resigned her position andwe moved into a two by four furnished flat, one of those with a patent collapsible kitchen. The next two years were hard*and often found us without even the necessities of life, but'if she regretted the step she had taken she never whispered\it, just doubled her efforts to comfort and help.In time, as the checks grew bigger and her stories, in the few odd moments not taken up with housework andthe care of our little one, were after another accepted;by the syndicates, we moved from the little flat into a houseof our own. Wealth has missed us, but the money we havn'tgot never worries us. We have each other, and the baby v.What more could money buy. A care of Heredity Airs. C. (Akron, 0.) ELEVEN years ago in June I met "The Man." Knowing- little of heredity and caring less I married him in justa year. Within the next two years Son was born, and hisfather thought he must make more money. A fellow work- man advised and persuaded him to drink to stimulate hisnerves and turn out more work. Then is when John Barley- corn and Heredity got the best of a good man. For aboutfive years I lived in the usual hell a drinking man can makefor his family. A little daughter had come to us also. Hewas never abusive and the kindest of fathers. I always feltthat at some time he would realize that he was hurting himselfmostly and that there was good underneath it all, so we alljust loved him dearly. We have won him back to us thesethree years now and were you to ask me if I had my lifeto live over with him, would I choose to do so. I shouldanswer yes, if at the end of the journey I could feel as I do.now that he belongs to the babies and I and his soul to hia*God. "A Fool There Was" W. L. (Norristown, Pa.) AN actor am I. Age twenty-five—six feet—and rather goodlooking. The "Woman"—I married—was short anddumpy—fifteen years my senior. Not even neat. I wasplaying the Juvenile Lead in a Road Company. During thematinee I received a Mash Note—signed "June."I bit—but the poke was on me. Fine feathers she had—and plenty. She got me—and a week after I left thecompany—we were married.There is no doubt, but I was insane—but thank God—notincurable.I seem to have come to my senses after the deed was done.It was too late. One whole month—l stood for the terribleagony—then fled.For nearly a year—l have been working in various,companies in the West—even changing my- name.This morning a telegram discovered me.I have a Son!Oh, now what shall I do! TO YOU, GENTLE READERKindly give your standing order for Bruno'sWeekly to your newsdealer, if you do notwish to send us directly a subscription. Thepresent paper prices are such that it prove?disastrous for a magazine to print morecopies than are needed for its regular sub-scription circulation and for a supply ofunreturnable orders of news companies andmagazine agencies.Also we cannot supply you with back num-bers which you have missed on the news-stands.Therefore, if you like the contents ofBruno's Weekly, release your clutches fronta two-dollar bill and send in your checkto-day or give a standing order to your news-dealer. Kill or CureA doctor was employed by a poor man to attend his wife,who was dangerously ill. The doctor gave a hint thathe had fears of not being paid. "I have five pounds," saidthe man to the doctor, "and if you kill or cure, you shall havethem." The woman died in the doctor's hand, and after areasonable time he called for his five pounds. The manasked the doctor if he killed his wife? "No." "Did youcure?3' "No." "Then," said the poor man, "you have no legaldemand," The Mexican BorderA POEMBy Charles Edison25 cents postpaidBruno's Weekly, 58 Washington SquareNew York THE GARRET SHOPODD BOOKSPAMPHLETS•NDRAWINGS, PAINTINGSFramed and Unframed58 Washington Square Readers of Bruno s Weekly are asked to Become Subscribers52 Issues, Two DollarsSEND YOUR CHEQUE TO-DAY58 WASHINGTON SQUARE, NEW YORK CITY ROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCOThe Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every AfternoonRoom 3 to 6 at150 WEST FOURTH STREETJust Down the Rabbit Hole From Washington Square"Take Some More Tea""I've Had Nothing Yet So I Can't Take More""You Mean You Can't Take Less, It's Very Easy toTake More Than Nothing.""Nobody Asked Your Opinion" Edith Unger.FLORENCE GOUGHShows Smart Millinery for Grown Ups—MotherGoose's Millinery for Children and other uniquethings to wear.THE PAINT BOX150 W. 4th St., Near 6th Ave.N. Y. C. Phone Spring 23I BUY BOOKS Single volumes, small lots, and libraries; autograph letters of known literary men andartists, drawings, pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Square.Edith Haynes ThompsonHer Shop64 WASHINGTON SQUARE SOUTHContaining Many Quaint and Beautiful ThingsHours: 1 to 5.30 P. M.J. 112. McCarthyPaintings and Antiques30 West 46th StreetBruno's Weekly, published weekly by Bruno's Weekly, Inc. Charles Edison, Pres.; Guido Bruno, Vice-Pres.;Walter L. Eckert, Sec. and Treas., at 58 Washington Square, New York City. Edited and written by GuidoBruno. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915 under the Act of March3rd, 1897. Bruno Chap BooksMo.1. The Harlot's House, by Oscar WildeThe first American reprint of one of themost wonderful poems of the author 252. Setting Hens, Frogs' Legs, by D. MolbyD. Molby, passes the white elephant un-remarked, but writes an essay on the mos-quito's neck and the rhythm of his little wingsbefore he stings and annoys 253. Mushrooms, by Alfred KreymborgMr. Kreymborg's Mushrooms are recognizedpoetry. The Mushroom stands for a simpleexpression of thought in simple musicalrhythm. Mr. Kreymborg is one man whospeaks to his fellow-men—just to the one whomight find in four or six simple lines ofrhythm the revelation of the rhythm and theharmony of his own simple life 504. Tahiti, by Robert Carlton Brown .255. Four Letters, by Oscar Wilde .256. Anarchists, by Guido Bruno .257. To My Mother, by Alfred Kreymborg .258. Vignettes, by Hubert CrackanthorpeMr. Crackanthorpe had three chief gifts:skill in dramatic narration—a sense of sit-uation, a lively feeling for the value of inter-pretation of gesture, posture, circumstance;secondly, analytic skill in the conception andpresentation of character; thirdly, descriptiveand pictorial power, readiness of vision, witha faculty of sifting and selecting its reports.Lionel Johnson, in Acad., March 20, 1897 509. Tanka and Haika, by Sadakichi HartmannThe son of a German father and a Japa-nese mother, of a burgomaster's son fromMecklenburg, the only European state with-out a Constitution, and the daughter of aronin, a robing soldier of Old Japan. Sada-kichi is much more Japanese than German.His style is extravagant but suave. Some ofhis short stories are as excessive and intenseas Poe's on strictly realistic lines. The utmostbounds of expression are reached, even hisoriginality is aggressive 2510. Richard Wagner, the Egoist, by Guido Bruno .2511. Edna the Girl of the Street, by AlfredKreymborg 25Cause: our social conditions.Motive: just to live.Problem: eternal.Solution: none .\ 2512. Songs of the Cosmos, by Charles KeelerLike the weaver of wonderful brocades, heselected thread after thread and up loomedthose wonderful pictures before my eyes,creations of simple words, dipped in red blood,tinted by the golden sun, formed and shapedby hands who know the labors and pains ofmillions scented with good-will towards every-body and emitted with pure love 25No.13. Teaspoons and Violet Leaves, by Guido Bruno $1.0014. The Tragedy in the Birdhouse, by Guido Bruno .5015. Exotics, by John W. DraperIt lay a luscious yellow bandCreaming upon umbrageous greenThe spray was satin to the hand;And to the eye a topaz bright,And dazzling as the noonday sand.From"The Yellow Orchid" .2516. Imagists, by Richard AldingtonOne of the original group of the EnglishImagists tells about Imagism and its aims.This paper deals a severe blow to all imita-tors and producers of vers libre who thinkthemselves poets of the "new group" becausethey don't write-in rhyme .2517. Lord Alfred Douglas—Salome: A Critique,the Beauty of Unpunctuality: an Essay andThree PoemsThere was a time when Lord Alfred Douglaswould have laughed at the idea that he wouldwrite a book explaining away his friendshipwith Oscar Wilde. As editor of "The SpiritLamp," a magazine published by JamesThornton, High Street, Oxford, and edited byLord Alfred Douglas, he seemed to be adiligent imitator of his friend Oscar. Heimitated his style in prose and in poetry.Whenever he received a contribution fromOscar Wilde it was the main and leadingfeature of the issue *2518. Sadakichi Hartmann—Permanent Peace: Is ita Dream?19. Charles Kains-Jackson—John Addington Sy-monds A PortraitThe life-long friend of the English poet,gives a vivid picture of the personality andlife and life-work of Symonds. This essaywritten a few days after the death of Sy-monds, on the 19th of April, 1893, and wasfirst published in the Quarto, a since forgottenliterary periodical of England, in 1897 .2520. Djuna Barnes—The Book of Repulsive Wo-men—Rhythms and 5 Drawings •&lt;•*. *2521. Edna W. Underwood—The Book of the WhitePeacocks22. H. Thompson Rich—'Lumps of Clay—l 6Rhythms 2523. D. Molby — Hippopotamus Tails —28 Every-day Musings 2524. H.Thompson Rich—The Red Shame—17 WarPoems 2525. Theodor Schroeder, Erothogenesis of Reli-gion, a bibliography -5026. Sadakichi Hartmann, My Rubayat 50Accompany each order with Cheque, small amounts, one-cent stampsBRUNO'S WEEKLY58 WASHINGTON SQUARE, N. Y. C. RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books. Books for Christmas Gifts.Purchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity to select for themselves,i '' ■or for those who have not access to the best book marts. Why not begin collecting now?Address, E. V. Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. Being a bookIN WHICHwe say just what we think. Published every month! by Norman-Bel Gedd.es at 171 Wilson Avenue inDetroit, Michigan. It is a little book uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy. # , a.HOTEL BREVOORT CAFE LAFAYETTE' X ■Fifth Avenue University PlaceRAYMOND ORTEIG, INC.The Two French Hotels and Restaurants of New York. GONFARONE'S40 West Bth Street , "jTABLE D'HOTE"Eating places are literary landmarks" said 0. Henry, speaking of Gonfarone's in one of hisunexcelled Greenwich Village Stories. There can be 110 pleasanter place to hear that remarkableEdison Record Number (82536) thanTHE DIAMOND DISC SHOPAt Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmosphere of Old Greenwich Village has not been sacrificedon the altar of commercialism/T). . ' ,-1 \*r.- • . . ; $ . .. , ' ." ' '' - ■ ' ' ■: 'J . . |Phone: Stuyvesant 4570 A postal will bring you, with our compliments,an interesting little biography of Mr. Thos. A.Edison.