The mask 4 3 January 1912 naau_1912-01_01 The mask 4 3 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 A Design for a Stage Costume for Miss Ellen Terry by E. W. Godwin, F. S. A. Illustration 6 THE THEATRE OF THE SOUL by Eduard Schuré. With an Introductory Note Translator cre 7-15 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Untitled Image Illustration 15 THE ARTIST AND NATURE, An Extract translated from the Conversations of Goethe as recorded Eckermann. 1822-1832 cre 16-17 THE ARTIST AND INSPIRATION. William Blake cre 17 A WORD ABOUT IMAGINATION. William Blake cre 17 HISTORY REPEATS ITSELF Allen Carrie cre William Blake cre 18 Untitled Image Illustration 18 THE NEW CENSOR, A Note John Semar cre 19-20 Untitled Image Illustration 19 Untitled Image Illustration 20 A WORD ABOUT THE STAGE. Heine, The French Stage cre 20 Untitled Image Illustration 20 THE OLD MASTERS. A Dialogue (I) between Allen Carrie and Felix Urban. 21-22 PANTOMIME AND THE POETIC DRAMA Arthur Symons with a Note by Gordon Craig cre 23-25 Untitled Image Illustration 23 Untitled Image Illustration 24 THE POET, An Unpublished Story Oscar Wilde cre 26 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS E. W. Godw cre 27-32 Untitled Image Illustration 32 A WORD ABOUT THE DANCE Heine cre 32 THE RUSSIAN BALLET. 1911. A. C cre 33 Untitled Image Illustration 33 THE PUBLIC Victor Hugo cre 33-34 A WARNING TO AN ACTOR – MANAGER. A. C cre 34 THE CHARACTERS OF THE DELL'ARTE; A List Compiled Gordon cre 35-38 Untitled Image Illustration 35 Untitled Image Illustration 38 A JAPANESE PUPIL: RECOLLECTIONS Masanobu Otani cre J. S cre 39-49 Untitled Image Illustration 39 Untitled Image Illustration 49 JAPANESE DRAMA AND THE "RELIGION OF LOYALTY" Lafcadio Hearn cre 49 Untitled Image Illustration 49 STAGE TERMINOLOGY John Balance cre H. M. W. in the Pall Mall Gazette cre 50-51 Untitled Image Illustration 50 Untitled Image Illustration 50 Untitled Image Illustration 51 SOME FURTHER DEFINITIONS FROM AN 1825 DICTIONARY Translated by Pierre Ramés cre P. R cre 52-54 Untitled Image Illustration 52 THE "SACRE RAPPRESENTAZIONI" OF FLORENCE. Some Notes upon their Origin and Production Dorothy Nevile Lees cre 55-57; 59-61; 63-65; 67-69; 71; 73-75; 77-79; 81-82 Untitled Image Illustration 55 From the Storia of Santa Margherita. Illustration 57 From the Rappresentazione of Ottaviano. Illustration 61 From the Rappresentazione of the Judgement of Solomon. Illustration 65 From the Rappresentazione of St John the Baptist. Illustration 69 From the Rappresentazione of St. Ursula. Illustration 71 From the Rappresentazione of Saata Rosana. Illustration 75 From the Storia of Lazarus, Martha and Mary Illustration 75 From the Rapprtsentazione of St George. Illustration 79 THE "NUVOLE" OR CLOUDS. An Extract from the Life of If Cecca Giorgio Vasari cre 82-83; 85 Untitled Image Illustration 82 From the Rappresentazione of the Annunciation. Illustration 83 Untitled Image Illustration 85 LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. 86-90 FOLK ART IN ENGLAND. Reginald R. Buckley cre 86-87 Mr. FELIXURBAN'S REPLY Felix Urban cre 88 THE RUSSIAN BALLET. Heathfield Lodge, Hampstead Heath, N. W cre Yours faithfully George Calderon cre 88-89 Mr JOHN BALANCE REPLY John Balance cre 89-90 Untitled Image Illustration 90 BOOK REVIEWS. 91-95 Untitled Image Illustration 91 FAMILY LETTERS OF RICHARD 91-93 THE WOMEN OFSHA KESPEA RE 93-94 DE PROFUNDIS by Oscar Wilde. 94 MA URICE MAETERLINCK 94-95 WILLIAM MORRIS TO 95 FOREIGN NOTES 96-100 Untitled Image Illustration 96 LONDON. 96-100 The Same as Ever R. S cre 96-97 The Three Musketeers. 97-99 The "Wordless Play zz? 99-100 Sudden Thought J. B cre 100 EDITORIAL NOTES. 101-102 Untitled Image Illustration 101 &amp; NONSENSE... OR SENSE ? JS&gt; 101 GERMAN DELICACIES. &amp; 101-102 WORDLESS PLAYS &amp; 102 SCENIC SIMPLICITY. &amp; &amp; 102 THE RUSSSIANS. &amp; &amp; 102 THE ENGLISH. J. S cre 102 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 103 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 105 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 105 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 105 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 108 THE M ASKA QUARTERLY JOURNAL OFTHE ART OF THE THEATREnnnßiiMmiiii imrfi urn M uinm '■ mnu lIMIIIII HI 1 Volume Four. Number Three. JANUARYI p 12 ARENA fIOLDONIFLORENCEITALYYEARLY SUBSCRIPTION FIFTEEN SHILLINGS' &amp; SINGLE COPY PRICE FOUR shillings NET, &amp;TRADE AGENTS.S IMPK I N, MARSHALL, HAMILTON, KENT &amp; CO. LONDON. THE MASK. JANUARY 1912. The Editor will be glad to consider MSS relative to the Art and History of theTheatre, but would point out that he can only make use of articles written bysuch as have a real knowledge of the subjects treated.&amp; All possible care will be taken, but he cannot hold himself responsible for theaccidental loss of MSS. These must In every case be accompanied by a stamped andaddressed envelope as otherwise they cannot be returned.Communications should be addressed to the Arena Goldoni. Florence. Italy. THE MASK.January 1912. THE THEATRE OF THE THE THEATRE OF THE SOUL THE THEATRE OF THE SOUL &gt; THE THEATRE OF THE SOUL THE THEATRE OF THE SOUL THE THEATRE OF THE SOUL . THE THEATRE OF THE SOUL THE THEATRE OF THE SOUL THE ARTIST AND NATURE THE NE W CENSOR THE OLD PANTOMIME AND THE POETIC DRAMA PANTOMIME AND THE POETIC DRAMA RICHARD 111. RICHARD 111. RICHARD 111. RICHARD 111. R!CH A R D THE PUBLIC. THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTE. THE CO MM EDI ADELVARTE THE COMMEDIA DELUARTE A JAPANESE PUPIL A JAPANESE PUPIL A JAPANESE PUPIL A JAPANESE PUPIL A JAPANESE PUPIL A JAPANESE PUPIL A JAPANESE PUPIL A JAPANESE PUPIL A JAPANESE PUPIL A JAPANESE PUPIL STAGE TERMINOLOGY THEATRICAL DEFINITIONS THEATRICAL DEFINITIONS THE "SACRE RA PP RESENT AZI ONI " THE " SAC RE RAPPRESENTAZIONI » THE 44 SACRE THE 44 SAC RE RAPPRESENTAZIONI THE " SACRE RAPPRESENTAZIONI » THE " SACRERAPPRESENTAZIONI " THE 44 SACRE RAPPRESENTAZIONI " THE " SAC RE RA P PRESENT A ZIONI " THE 44 SAC RE RAPPRESENTAZIONI " THE •' SAC RE RA PPRESEN TA ZIONI " THE 44 SAC RE RA PPRESENTA ZIONI " THE « SACRE RAPPRESENTAZJONI " THE 44 SACRE RAPPRESENTAZIONI " THE " S,4C/?£ RAPPRESENTAZIONI " LETTERS TO THE EDITOR LETTERS TO THE EDITOR - LETTERS TO THE EDITOR LETTERS TO THE EDITOR BOOK REVIEWS BOOK REVIEWS BOOK REVIEWS BOOK REVIEWS FOREIGN NOTES FOREIGN NOTES FOREIGN NOTES FOREIGN NOTES EDITORIAL NOTES, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Gerente Responsabile GIULIO VANZI ! ANNOUNCEMENTS; FROM •' THE MASK PRESS"ARENA GOLD ON I. FLORENCE ITALY.n i ■—nan—ataa— mii.MMaMannMMWMßWWß»&gt;*MnnnßWwnMßnaMwawßjiMMM»aßwwnaa«a»aawawnM«nnM««MMW.I | &lt;* the mask, new series. VOLUME POUR.the new Volume, beginning with the present number, ThreeEditions will be published, and the yearly subscriptions, post free**° *"iese Editions are respectively as follows. j&amp; j&amp;Popular Edition. . . . Shillings 15. Dollars 4.00IllPyP' I Large aper Edition (60 copies.) „ 20. „ 5.00| Edition de Luxe. (15copies.) „ 65, „ 16.00n.llil II IB 1111 II llll' M—M——————^————M————MASK. OLD SERIES. 1908.... 1909.ee* 1910.... J&amp;Unbound Sets, Vol. i. Shillings 30. dollars 7.50Vol* 2. 99 9» 25. 9t tt 6.50Vol. 3* tt tt 20. 99 99 s*ooBoi/ncf in Vellum. Vol. 1. ,f ,  35* »t »&gt; 8.50Vol. 2. 99 99 30» 9» 99 7*s®VoL 3* ft 99 25* 99 99 6.50I | 0 A PORTFOLIO OP ETCHINGS by GORDON CRAIG. s£&gt;$Tz%, I These Etchings were made by the Artist in 1907 at Florence andI|L|| »\ I represent his most serious work. Connected with his dream of anI Ideal Theatre, they have nothing In common with the Modern stage.I &amp; Only Thirty Portfolios were issued. Of these a few remain.I I Each contains twelve mounted on grey card, and withI W1 i a '&gt;re^ace by the Artist.Mjf aj&amp; Size of Portfolio. 48x30 ctms. Price Twenty five Guineas.I Dollars 13a, Marks 525. Francs 650. &lt;0 &amp; &amp;I£&gt; 4R BOOK PLATES. 0j&amp; Designed, Engraved and Printed by the Engra- slj|||w vers of San Leonardos Arena Goldoni, , •From the first design to the last print the work is executedand supervised by artists, and therefore Book-lovers may be confi- dent that in sending to us they are ensuring for themselves awork which shall be as careful in Its execution as beautiful anddistinguished In its design. *' ~HERE IS SOMETHING FOR THE CHILDREN!&amp; Pictures from Gordon Craig's " Book of Penny Toys. "(lips &amp; This book of colour drawings of the most representativeY&amp;S*, English, Dutch and German wooden toys with accompanyingverses was published in 1899 and proved so popular that copienrA rarelv to be found. A pEW sets of the twenty large illustrations"A 0 Printed on thick art paper are still to be had, price four2 guineas, (dollars at. Marks Ba.oo. Francs 105.00)..* * +The Mask Publishers, Arena Goldoni. Florence. Italy. Printed for the Proprietor by Tipografia R. Ustracci, Via de Ser agli, 104 Florence and published at The Olfice of " The Mask " Arena GoldoJt LITERARY CONTENTS. THE THEATRE OF THE SOUL .... Eduard SchurS. ... 7THE ARTIST AND NATURE Goethe HISTORY REPEATS ITSELF Allen Carrie. ...THE NEW CENSOR. A Note Jol,n Semar. . • *THE OLD MASTERS. A Dialogue Allen Carrie and Fel xUrban I^sPANTOMIME AND THE POETIC DRAMA. . . Arthur Symons: with aNote by Gordon Cratg. . 107THE POET. An Unpublished Storj. . « « Oscar Wilde. . • • 190THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OFRICHARD 111 E« W- Godwin. ... I 9»A WORD ABOUT THE DANCE. J Heinrlch Heine. With aNote by A. C. . . . 196THE PUBLIC Victor Hugo. With a Noteby A. C 197THE CHARACTERS OF THE COMMEDIADELL'ARTE A List compiled by . . Gordon Craig. . . . 199A JAPANESE PUPIL. Recollections by. • • Masanobu Otani. . . 203JAPANESE DRAMA. An Extract. . . . Lafcadio Hearn . . . 213STAGE TERMINOLOGY John Balance. ... 214SOME DEFINITIONS FROM AN OLDDICTIONARY Translated by . . • Pierre Ram£s. ... 216THE " SACRE RAPPRESENTAZIONI " OFFLORENCE Dorothy Nevile Lees. . 219THE CONSTRUCTION OF THE "NUVOLE" ORCLOUDS. Translated from .... Giorgio Vasari . . , 246LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. . 350BOOK REVIEWS. &amp; FOREIGN NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES.Short Extracts from the Writings of Oscar Wilde, Heine, William Blake, 181, 182, 184* ILLUSTRATIONS. FRONTISPIECE: A DESIGN FOR A STAGECOSTUME E. W. Godwin . Face 171NINE OLD ITALIAN DESIGNS OF THE" SACRE RAPPRESENTAZIONI " 331» 335»229, 233.235, 239,243, 247.HEAD AND TALE PIECES From Old Italian designs and by Oliver, Borrow, Etc. A Design for a Stage Costume for Miss Ellen Terry by E. W. Godwin, F. S. A. THE THEATRE OF THE SOULby Eduard Schuré. With an Introductory Note by the Translator. Hphe following essay was written by M. Schure as Foreword to his twodramas, " Les Enfants de Lucifer " and " La Soeur Qardienne " whichwere published together under the title of " Le Theatre de l'Ame ".&amp; Of these two plays the former, " Les Enfants de Lucifer ", has beentranslated into German and twice performed at Munich by the membersof the Theosophical Society under the direction of Doctor Rudolf Steiner,the performances taking place In August 1909 and again in the samemonth in 1910 at the Maximilian Theatre. Last August M. Schure's recon- struction of the Drama of Eleusis, which is to be found in part in hisvolume oh " Les Grands Inities " and in part in the "Sanctuaires d'Orlent "was given by the same Society: and the series of performances willprobably be resumed, since Doctor Steiner has the intention of foundingat Munich a "Theatre de Mysteres ", giving annual performances in thesummer, and is now building a theatre for that purpose. £&gt; M. Schure E?as written much about the Theatre, and he has doneso seriously. Indeed, whether he write, as in the "Grands Inities"of Rama, Krischna, Hermes, Moses, Orpheus, Pythagoros, Plato, and Jesus,or treat of the '' Sanctuaries of the East ", of Egypt, Greece and Palestine :whether he study the history of Musical Drama and Opera, or discuss, asin his " Precurseurs et Revoltes " such subjects as "Ibsen and theTheatre of Combat" or "Maeterlinck and the Theatre of Dream", onefeels that his aim could be really summed up in the words which hehimself wrote in hfs Introduction to his " Histoire du Drame Musical " : 44 always immense, for it renders the illusion of life to a degree which" the other arts never attain. Although few people seem to trouble44 themselves about so serious a matter it has seemed to me opportune44 to search out what have been the conditions of its loftiness in the past,44 what they could be again in our civilization. To contemplate face to44 face the free creations of the great epochs ; to seize the living link44 which unites them one to another across the centuries, to discover44 their necessary sequence in the actual development of the human44 spirit; to raise us, in short, if that be possible, above the present by44 putting together once more that which was greatest iu the past, and44 perhaps to open to seeking souis some windows upon a better future.44 Such is the thought which presided over this work."The present essay is, as so much of M. Schure's work, a vindication ofthe dignity of the Theatre, of its vital importance in the life of a people,its incalculable influence, whether for good or evil, upon the entirebeing of man, 44 sense, soul and mind " : a grave warning that, unless itstrive to rise to the best it must sink to the worst; and, if not 44 aschool of beputy, of truth and of rebirth", be inevitably 44 a school ofugliness, of falsehood and of death J? &amp;One thing which should be borne in mind in reading this essay of M.Schure's is that it was written by him eleven years ago. Thus, when hewrote that 44 one single man, In this century, has succeeded up to thepresent time in demonstrating what the theatre of the future may be;that is, Richard Wagner ", he was writing of the nineteenth centuryand before the birth of that new movement in the European Theatrein which he would doubtless be among the first to welcome eagerly thevery stirring of the wings of that Psyche whom he invokes; of thatprogressive soul which, although it may look into the past to learn, doesnot look there to Imitate, and which, Emerson asserts, never, just becauseit Is progressive, 44 quite repeats itself, but in every act attempts theproduction of a newer and fairer whole ;" sinpe, in our fine arts, 44 not44 imitation, but creation, is the aim. In landscapes, the painter should44 give the suggestion of a fairer creation than we know. The details, the44 prose of nature he should omit, and give us only the spirit and splendour.44 He should know that the landscape has beauty for his eye, because it 44 expresses a thought which is to him good ; and this, because the same44 power wlfich sees through his eyes is seen in that spectacle; and he44 will come to value the expression of nature, and not nature itself, and44 so exalt in his copy the features that please him. He will give the gloom,44 of gloom, and the sunshine of sunshine &amp; &amp;And so should it be with the Theatre. Not Life but the Life of Lifeshould be shown there; not the mere veins exhibited but the mystery ofthe very pulse which beats through them, the secrets of that creativeand inspiring soul which is behind all life, revealed. THE DIVINE PSYCHE. 44 THE SOUL IS THE KEY OF THE UNIVERSE ". 44 Les Grands Initios ""Tiie human Soul, with its most profound mysteries and its most noblepowers, the divine Psyche, had formerly its temples, its altars and itstripods. Today it seems excluded from our public life and driven out of ourinstitutions. Science waves it aside; the Church oppresses it; the World,drunk with luxury and pleasures, forgets it; Art, having lost its way, nolonger affirms it but feebly, and, if it speak of it at all, seems but toask pardon for even naming it. Nevertheless the human soul was never more alive. Despised by thepowers of the day, she has taken refuge in the profound depths of huma- nity. Proscribed by conscience, she reigns in the obscure regions of theheart. Everywhere she vibrates, she trembles, she stirs, in the dreams ofyouth and in its desire for action, in the cry of revolt of the individua- list who wishes to be entirely himself, in the meditation of the solitarythinker, who, seized with pity, bends towards human suffering; in thesurge of multitudes which swells at the first gleams of truth as the oceanat the uprising of the sun. In vain will you try to restrain the human soul or to engulf it in thewhirlpools; like a vanished river, it will gush out of the soil by a hundredsprings and by a thousand jets of water. The divine Psyche is, in oursociety, the dear Absent one always beloved, the beautiful Exile everpresent. That great Dead is the great Immortal. Henceforth one canforesee that the Soul will be the true Muse of the Twentieth Century. It¥ was she whom Lamartine was already invoking at the beginning ofour own. •£? &amp; Muse des derniers temps, divinite sublime,Qui des monts fabuleux n'habite plus la cime.*Et qui n'as pour trepieds, pour temples, pour autelsQue les seins fremissants des genereux mortels.But, according to the laws of evolution, all that is interior mustinterpret itself outwardly under the precise forms which correspond tothe inmost idea. It is in the thought that are first shaped the ideallines of a world to be made. Later they will take substance in the graniteor the marble, in the living men or In the fetes of the city. Today thenew soul of humanity, whose vibrations have passed over us causing usto raise our heads, demands cradles, arenas and temples ; cradles thatchildhood may grow therein ; arenas, that youth may wrestle there;temples, that genius may take shelter there and there speak to thepeople.&amp; Now, among the temples necessary, there is none that in our daycalls by a more imperious desire than the theatre.The theatre, that mirror of life, is a tremendous moulder of the soulof the multitude and even of the soul of the elite.For It acts upon the entire human being; sense, soul, mind; and itacts by an example, by an eloquent action, as real as, and more intensethan, life itself. Its influence is supreme in good as is evil. If it be not$a school of beauty, of truth and of rebirth, it becomes inevitably a schoolof ugliness, of falsehood and of death. &amp;Let it be the slave of luxury, of frivolity and of commercial specula- tion as in our deluded society, and the theatre will hardly be other thanthe changing and delusive reflection of the vices, the ignorance and thebasenesses of an epoch. But place in its centre the conscious soul withall Its powers, make the divine Psyche radiate at its glowing hearth,unfurl her wings.... and the theatre will be the mirror of the better life,the educator of the people, the initiator which leads man across theforest of life and the mirages of dream to the summets of the highesttruths.The existing theatre is the docile and passive image of surrounding society. The theatre of the future will remould man and society to itsown image. For it will be the temple of the ideal, the ardent hearth ofthe conscious, free and creative Soul;This theatre was that of certain privileged epochs. It will exist againtmore potently, more consciously in the day when an elite shall understandits power and shall know how to put it into practise with the solidprotection of principles and of will. THE THREE THEATRES. ryhe Ideal Theatre, the theatre as educator of man and transfigurerof life, Hiave long studied in the past. When I wrote the history of44 les Grands Inities" I saluted its origin In the sacred dances of Indiathrough the legend of Krischna. In writing 44 I'Histoire du Drame musical "I have seen It expand beside the Acropolis in the Tragedy of Athens. Invisiting the 44 Sanctuaires de I'Orient " I have even attempted, in spiteof the Incredulous smile of the savants, the poetic reconstruction of theSacred Drama of Eleusis, religious counterpart and secret key of theTragic Drama.To get a glimpse of, to understand, to bring once more to life in usthe most sublime dramatic manifestations of the past, is already In itself adifficult matter; but to prophesy, in this age of crisis and unrest, whatthe future theatre will be, that is far more difficult. &amp;Will it be aristocratic or democratic? idealistic or realistic, individualor social? Will it be a learned dissection of our moral maladies or a freerepresentation of the eternal man? Will It be a pyschologist's surgicaloperation or a poet's ecstasy? To all these questions one can reply by ahundred hypotheses the one more ingenious than the other, but they willbe only hypotheses. One single man, in this century, has succeededup to the present time in demonstrating what the theatre of the future maybe ; that is Richard Wagner. And he has done so not only In theory, butfirst in practise, with his sovereign genius of symphonist poet.It is in vain when we talk of the future theatre. Each imagines it inhis own way and all these desires are very different one from another.None of them, certainly, embraces the whole future, but it is none theless true that that future is bound to be the outcome of the whole sum of our divers aspirations and of the profound elaboration of the forceswhich move &amp; I, for niy part, believe that the theatre of the future will be veryvaried and very multiple, but that there will be three rprinclple formswhich will be like three degrees of life, of consciousness and ofbeauty. JZ?&amp; There will be first of all the Popular Theatre, rural and provincial,which, descending towards the common people, will awaken its sleepingsoul through its best instincts and its most poetic traditions. That is thetheatre desired by Mlchelet; it is that which M. Maurice Pottecher,by a very noble initiative, is attempting to create today in the Vosges ;that which Messieurs Le Franz and Le Goffic are attempting to restorein Brittany by once more acting in the Celtic language the old BretonMystery plays. &amp;£? Then there will be the Theatre of the City, which 1 would like tocall a Theatre of Combat. It will study contemporary reality with thepenetrating gaze of a keen observation and a profound sympathy. Ofthis theatre Ibsen, Tolstoi, Hauptmann, Francois de Curel have alreadyfurnished us with striking examples. &amp;&amp; Finally there will be that Theatre of the elite which for the sake ofits essential medium one might call the Theatre of Dream,and which 1 callthe Theatre of the Soul on account of its inspiring element. JZ? JZ?/Z? It will evoke a superior humanity in the mirror of history, of legendand of symbol. That humanity will not be the less palpitating with lifeand truth because it is ideal. Shakespeare has uttered this profoundword : " we are such stuff as dreams are made of ". But one can turn hisidea round and say, " Our dreams are made of the blood of our life;they are the respiration and the aspiration of our souls." &amp;This Theatre of Dream, this Theatre which will relate the supremework of the Soul in the legend of Humanity, will, I dare to say, be bold*ly and profoundly religious. For it will attempt to unite the human tothe divine, to show in the terrestrial man a reflection and a sanction ofthat transcendant world, of that Beyond in which we all believe underdifferent names, should it be but under the name of infinite sentimentsand eternal ideas. &amp; JZ? &amp; JS? Have I any need to recall that this essentially idealistic theatre hasbeen that of all the great creative periods? But each period must createit afresh according to its own requirements. Thus our unquiet age, with- out social ideal, without general faith, without an establlshd elite, asyet displays towards it but isolated endeavours, which, however, containfertile seeds. Let us cite among them the "Axel" of Villlers del'lsle Adam,the dramas of Josephin Peladan, the plays of Maurice Maeterlinck, ofGabriel B'Annunzio and of Gabriel Trarieux. In all these men, howeverdiverse may be the nature of their talent, art, nobly human, seeks itstemple above the vulgar public, above corrupting fashion and debasingcommerce. &amp; £&gt; *&amp; &amp;These lines set forth sufficiently my conception of the Theatre of theSoul, the function of psychic initiation and of social collocation that Iattribute to it. I now come to my personal efforts. "THE CHILDREN OF LUCIFER" AND "GUARDIAN SISTER" ln the historical setting of the IV century, at that period of thegreat struggle of Hellenism and Christianity which, by their impetuosityof soul, they burst through and pass beyond, the " Children of Luci- fer " aspire to an idea! of Man and of Woman which neither History,nor Legend nor Poetry has as yet realised.... that of .Christian soul, and their fusion Is effected by the miracle of love. Thatwhich brings them together and unites them is perfect love, absolute,at the same time human and divine, passionate and spiritual, love thefruitful, love the saviour and creator. Each abandons self and each finds%life again in the other in such wise that they no longer form but onesingle being yvhose power the magnetic poles augment a hundredfold.Phosphoros becomes the conscience of Cleonice and Cleonice becomes thesoul of Phosphoros. That Is why the free couple is a liberating power.That is why it sheds around it a new life and gives birth, withoutIntending It, to a new religion. The free city is born of Its radiance.... But, in the world where it is born, such a couple cannot long triumph.It is destined to succumb in its audacious struggle against Caesar andthe Church, it can only confirm its victory by its death. Thus only will it bequeath to men the testament of its faith under the sign of Lucifer.&amp; Lucifer, genius of Science, of Liberty and of human Individuality, isthe implacable enemy of the Church under its present form, but he isnot the adversary of Christ, although he develops himself in contrarydirection ; he is his complement. For he is a point where the man whowishes to become god coincides with the god become man; it is the verypoint where Science becomes Wisdom bv merging itself in Love. In its Breton frame, 44The Guardian Sister " attempts an entirelymodern personification of the Celtic Soul, keen-sighted and prophetic. Itappears here at the portentous date of 1789, when the modern manissues forth from the man of the ancient regime under the storm of theRevolution, with his infinite desire for liberty and for virgin lands toconquer. This mysterious and divine sister has a formidable destiny.Inspiring genius of her brother, she excites in him a fatal passion andis only understood by him through her sacrifice and her death.-6? I said in the Preface of my 44 Grandes Legendes de France " : " TheCeltic Soul is the inner and profound Soul of France.... ImpassionedDruidess or sublime seer, it is in our history the glorious vanquishedone who always springs up again from her defeats, the great Sieeper whoalways reawakens from her century-long sleeps. Crushed by the Latingenius, oppressed by the Frankish power, pierced through and throughwith irony by the Gaulish wit, the ancient prophetess does not theless issue forth from age to age from her resounding forest. She reap- pears, ever yonng, and crowned with green branches. Her profoundlethargies announce her most giorious awakenings. For the soul is thedivine part, the inspiring centre of man. And, like men, nations havea soul come from on high. Let it grow dim and die away, the peopledegenerates and dies; let it brighten and shine with full light, andthe nation wii! accomplish its mission In the world. Now, for a man ora people to fulfil their whole mission it is necessary for their soul toarrive at the plenitude of its consciousness, at the entire possessionof itself ". jg? This truth, which dominates our history, manifests itself dramaticallyin the adventure of 44 The Guardian Sister By her love, the clear-sightedLuciie awakens In her brother the consciousness of a divine ideal. By ln her example arouses in the instinctive and passionate Fulgence awifely soul. By her sacrifice and her voluntary death she puts an endto the passionate conflict which tortures them all three. Thus theloving spirit which sacrifices itself, gives to the ennobled couple thestrength to accomplish their duty of struggle. Double magic, doubleredemption, divine and terrestrial. Lucile draws Maurice to the heightsof her soul; Maurice draws Fulgence to his intellectual height. Thecurtain fallen, the dead sister Nvil! continue to hover over the livinghusband and wife, invisible but every where present, like the fairyMorgane over the marvellous fountain.^£? Sombre destiny of a soul of light!.... And is our own less so, ail wewho seek the Idea! through the Initiating Drama? &amp;J£? At the present time all the truly Idealistic efforts have in themsomething tragic. Those who venture them must submit to be brandedby the ruling Powers with the stigma of reprobation. They will beexcommunicated alike by the atheistic materialism and the clericalnarrowness. But let us have no anxiety about that. The essential inthis world is not to succeed, it is to have a lofty determination. If wecannot be joyous reapers, let us be confident and bold £?«£? In truth I do not know if the two dramas which I offer to the readeras the supreme effort of my thought and of tny art are of a grainsufficiently solid and a form sufficiently strong to assist one day in theconstruction of this initiating theatre, where the divine Psyche wouldspeak with her human voice, and which I call The Theatre of the Soul.Having fashioned my work with the hands ot a solitary workman, butof one faithful to his ideal, 1 simply lay it as a stepping stone on theway which we must all tread. As milestone upon the road to a futuretemple, or freestone to serve in its foundation, ....it matters not ....it isa duty accomplished and an act of faith in Art, the Liberator.^ THE ARTIST AND NATURE, An Extracttranslated from the Conversations of Goetheas recorded by Eckermann. 1822-1832 TPhe artist stands in a double relationship to nature; he is at the sametime her master and her slave. He is her slave in the sense that hemust work with earthly means to be understood; he is her master in thesense that he submits and subjects these earthly means to his loftyintentions. The artist wishes to speak to the world by a completewhole, but this complete whole is not found in nature ; it is the fruitof his own spirit, or, if you like, his spirit is fertilized by the inspi*ration of a divine breath".44 If we only cast a casual glance upon this picture (of Rubens) allseems to us so natural that we believe it to be simply copied fromnature. But it is not so. So beautiful a picture has never been seen innature, any more than has a landscape of Poussin or Claude Lorrainewhich seems to us very natural but which we seek in vain Inreality ".44 Are such bold traits of artistic fiction, analogous to this doublelight of Rubens, found also in literature ? " I asked. £&gt;44 Oh, there is no need to go far ", replied Goethe after a moment'sthought. 44 1 could show them to you by dozens in Shakespeare. Takeonly 44 Macbeth ". When Lady Macbeth wishes to rouse her husband toaction she says, "I have given suck ". etc. &amp; &amp;Whether that be true or not matters little; Lady Macbeth speaks thusand ought to speak thus to augment the effect of her speech ; but, inthe course of the play, Macduff, when he learns the disaster of his ownfamily, cries, in his violent fury, 44 he has no children ". These wordsare in contradiction to those of Lady Macbeth. Shakespeare has nottroubled himself about it. He seeks but to give to each speech its fullforce, and just as Lady Macbeth, to give full effect to her words, oughtto say, 44 1 have given suck to his children ", Macduff for the samereason ought to say, 44 he has no children&amp; 44 In general it is not with so much precision and minuteness that1one should examine the touches of a painter or the words of a poet; ifthe work of art is the outcome of a free and bold spirit it is essential for it contemplation, for its enjoyment, to have so far as possible aspirit equally free and bold. Thus from those words of Macbeth, 44 Bringforth men-children only " it would be foolish to wish to conclude thatLady Macbeth is a young woman who has not yet had children. And itwould be also foolish to wish to go further and require that LadyMacbeth should be represented on the stage as a quite youngperson. ■£?"Shakespeare does not at all put those words in the mouth of Macbethto indicate the youth of Lady Macbeth ; these words, as those of LadyMacbeth and Macduff which 1 have already cited, are only there for anoratorical reason, and they prove nothing unless It be that the poetalways causes his characters to say that which, In each situation, is tl\pmost right, the most suitable, and capable of producing the most effectwithout worrying himself and calculating whether these words .wouldnot perhaps be a contradiction of some other « Moreover Shakespeare hardly thought that each letter of his playswould be one day counted, compared aad set one against each other ;when he wrote, he had the scene before his eyes, he consideredhis pieces as works endowed with a movement, and life which passrapidly before the eyes and Into the ears of a spectator placed before ascene; works that one cannot stop and measure in detail, and in whichthe only thing is to produce always a fine effect at the presentmoment. THE ARTIST AND INSPIRATION. William Blake nphe man who on examining his own mind finds nothing of inspirationought not to dare to be an artist: he is a fool, and a cunning knavesuited to the purposes of evil demons. The man who never in his mind and thought travelled to heaven, is no artist. &amp; A WORD ABOUT IMAGINATION. William Blake. A [J forms are perfect in the poet's mind : but these are not abstractedor from nature ; they are from imagination. HISTORY REPEATS ITSELF by Allen Carrie. William Blake. 'V'Zre lavish praise I have received from all quarters for inven," Hon and drawing has generally been accompanied by this:' fie" can conceive but he cannot execute'. This absurd assertion has" done, and may still do me, the greatest harm. hus wrote William Blake, but we have taken care that theabsurd assertion shall do him no harm at zz? £/z&amp; What harm could he fear? At the worst it could only prevent people from buying his pictures and engravings. It did that. And nowyou cannot purchase a picture by William Blake except for what is cal=led a fabuious price. zZ? zz? jZ? g?The folly of those who pillory themselves by their own ignorance is onewhich it is to be sincerely hoped will never grow less &amp;We cannot destroy the pests;... they must be left to do themselvesto death in the most ignominious way imaginable. £&gt; jZ?&amp; Anyone who says of another that he can conceive but cannot executeis an ass, and rather a satanic ass into the bargain.z&amp; For an art work is not possible to be conceived unless it be executedat the same time. 1 here is no such tiling as succeeding in the conceptionand failing in the execution of a work of art. jZ? &lt;£? j£? zZfAnd then remember that what the sllly=billies call "conception" isabout as unlike the real thing as Is that which they call In both cases they mean something as smug as their own point of view,as smooth as their weary conscience and as tidy as their last remains ofhair. zz? jg? £) TWO SAYINGS BY OSCAR WILDE. J ife imitates Art Schopenhauer has analysed the pessimism thatcharacterises modern thought, but Hamlet invented it. The world hasbecome sad because a puppet was once melancholy." jgr''phe man who sees both sides of a question is a man who seesabsolutely nothing at all. " zZ/ &amp; &amp; &amp;** Intentions THE NEW CENSOR, A Note by John Semar. t is a good thing that the Censorship has been strengthenedby adding a new name to the post without removing MrRedford. JZ &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;■&amp;One supposes that Mr Brookfield will do what MrRedford could hardly attend to alone. JZ JZMr Redford thought that the undressed lady in MonaVanna was in doubtful taste and so he stopped the perfor- mance. One hopes that Mr Brookfield will stop the other undressed advertisements. " Kismet" should never have passed theCensor till the passage where the nude lady enters the bath was cutout. " Sunmrun " should have been cut considerably. ....1 presume thatDumb Show can be cut? "The Dawn of Love" should never have beenshown at all. " Scheherazade " should have been kept for harems In theEast, where its western licence would have appalled the eastern mind.All these plays, and ballets and wordless spectacles should have beenruthlessly dealt with by ordering the exclusion of the naughty parts.Exclude these parts and the plays would in all likelihood haveto attract. &amp;&amp; Nowadays it seems that there is a receipt for making any stage showa success,.... which is, simply, to take off some clothes. ■£? &amp;/? it is quite silly, for the taking off of clothes is not in any way connectedwith a work of art, nor is it a guarantee of an intelligence which iseither ordinary or extraordinary. It is just a cheap way of catching asilly public, and it is of considerable harm to that public as well as tothe Theatre, and the Censor will be highly reprehensible if he does notstop it in future. All good wishes to him and his difficult taste: but tet him actquickly and act thoroughly, or his present friends will begin to losefaith in him. &amp;JZ? Mr Brookfield, who has joined Mr Redford, has lately written an articleon modern plays which is full of admirable points. Why then does hewrite plays which are full of risky ones?Mr Brookfield is a witty man and a man' of culture, and will possiblyreply that &amp; little harmless ribaldry is of no account, but that he objects to serious immorality. Where, then, does he differ from anyoneelse ? j0 jg? jg/ jg} &amp; But whatever we all think, and wherever we differ and however \Vesquabble, do let these naked ladies and men be covered up,... and thenlet us get on with our work. A WORD ABOUT THE STAGE. Heine, The French Stage. 'jphe stage certainly is never a commonplace reproduction of life, and itshouJd show this in a certain dignified ennobling (of it), manifestingitself, if not in the measure of words and of delivery, at least in thefundamental tone (Grundton), in the deeply felt solemnity of a piece, (i)For the theatre is another world, apart from our own, as the stage Isfrom the pit. Between the theatre and reality lie the orchestra, the music.and the dividing line of footlights on the front. Reality, after havingcrossed the realm of music and the Impressive row of lights, stands beforeus on the stage transfigured and revealed as poetry. The charming euphonyof the music rings from her in dying echoes, and she is illumined as ina fairy vision by the mysterious lamps. It is all a magic sound and amagic gleam, which readily seem to a prosaic public to be unnatural;and yet are far more natural than ordinary nature, for it is nature ele- vated by art to its fairest divinity &amp; js (I) "Feierlichkeit", though defined as '« solemnity " does not convey the idea of seriousness allied to melan- choly, but that which is peculiar to celebrations and dignified ceremonies. It rather implies, on the contraryan exalted sense of joyousness in festivity, THE OLD MASTERS. A Dialogue (I) betweenAllen Carrie and Felix Urban. j&amp; Carrie. £&gt; It would be awful to become too serious about the oldmasters. &amp; Urban. It would; that is just what I always think myself. Carrie. &amp; It gives the wrong impression. Don't you think so?Urban. Yes, It does indeed.Carrie. &amp; Shall we speak gaily about them ? That would better !Urban. We will. But to-day I shall leave most of the talking to you !Carrie. Right! Then listen to me. The "old masters " never wereold masters because it is Impossible to be a master and to be old at thesame time. The Academicians of London may be as old as you like,...evenyou ,Urban, may be 01d,... how many times have you not been called"dear old Urban" by your venerable friends?... but masters are mastersprecisely because they are always very young.It is one of the troublesome things about the Theatre that, save forrare exceptions, it always encourages its aged to discreet acts of caution.The Theatre feels that youth is rash and that rashness opens doors whichlead somewhere, and "somewhere" does not interest the Theatre. TheTheatre and only the Theatre interests the Theatre. As proof of this anawful revolution occurs regularly whenever any youthful spirit such asMackiln, Talma or Schroeder introduces a more natural mode of speaking, moving or costuming. It immediately creates a revolution. &amp;&amp; Urban✓lS that.... ? &amp; &amp;Carrie. Mackin created such a revolution in 1741. The actors toldhim he would be hissed off the stage for his impertinent innovation.Talma tells us that the actors thought he was "introducing a red cap "when he spoke of "innovation so necessary to art", and Schroeder whoby energy and art insight had, out of his Hamburg actors, created the bestCompany in Germany, was driven to resign by the opposition and dis- content and indifference which he met with both among his actors andfrom the public. All these men dared to do was to open a casement or two to let ina little breath of nature. But open a d00r... a whole d00r.... and every one is blown off his feet. Fresh air kills artificiality.Or take an actor to the National Gallery or to the Louvre and he isbored. Show an actor a book of engravings by the Masters and he turnsthe pages over rapidly and closes the book. Why ? &amp; &amp;Urban. &amp; Why, indeed ? I have often wondered the same thing myself.&amp; Carrie. It is because he has no enjoyment of beautiful things, nopassionate love for the work of the men In the fine arts : because neithernature nof art moves him, but only the " theatrical " moves him. And hedoes not know how much he loses by this apathy. You and I, Urban, haveoften written about the old Engravers and have pointed out how valuablethe study of their work is to the Theatre men, haven't we ? &amp;Urban. &amp; We have, we.... &amp;4? Carrie. Let, me for once interrupt you ; let me show you this newbook of engravings, reproductions ; (i) and what reproductions I every linesharply defined, it has just come outs and when I received it I longedto be rich enough to send a copy to every man In the Theatre of England.Not for the sake of the archeological part of it; not for the sake of itsuse and value as a " crib but because of the sincerity of tlFe designers,because of their cunning and because of the beautiful &amp;One thinks at times that if one could show an actor many lovelvworks of art he would gradually realise what the aim of those artistswas and would commence to ponder the ways and means to a similar aim.But no: William Heinemann has issued this book at two shillings andsixpence; has taken the greatest pains to produce a fine piece of work(2)for a mere song, and yet our people refuse to seize the opportunity ofimproving their sense of perception of what is fine in art, preferring acopy of the Christmas number of some illustrated paper.... Have youanything to add ? And do you not agree with me ?&amp; Urban. &amp; My dear fellow, nothing to add, and agreement withevery word.(They go out.) &lt;1) Which, with apologies to Mr Urban, I must con'ess has proved to be almost a monologue! A. C. (I J Anarea Mantegna, One of the "Great Eng avers series now being published by Mr Heinemaun.2) Through the courtesy of Mr Heitiemaun we reproduce two of the engravings. PANTOMIME AND THE POETIC DRAMA by Arthur Symons with a Note byGordon Craig (0 t might be contended that in the art of the theatre an ab- solute criticism can admit nothing between pantomimeand the poetic drama. In these two extremes, drama inoutline and drama elaborated to the final point, theappeal is to the primary emotions, and with an economy and luxuriance of means, each of which is In its own way inimitable. Itis an error to believe that pantomime is merely away of doing withoutwords, that it is merely the equivalent of words. Pantomime is thinking, overheard. It begins and ends before words have formed themselves, ina deepen consciousness than that of speech. And it addresses itself, bythe artful limitations of its craft, to universal human experience,knowing that the moment it departs from those broad lines It willbecome unintelligible. It risks existence on its own perfection, as therope=dancer does, to whom a false step means downfall. And it appeals,perhaps a little too democratically, to people of all nations. Becomingaristocratic, getting sheer through the accidents of life without stayingby the way In the manner of the realistic drama, it adds the beauty ofprimary emotions, and is the poetic drama. Between lie the non-essentials,a kind of waste. &amp;All drama, until one comes to the poetic drama, is an Imitation oflife, as a photograph is an imitation of life ; and for this reason it canhave, at the best, but a secondary kind of imaginative existence, theappeal of the mere copy. To the poetic drama nature no longer exists ;or rather, nature becomes, as it has been truly said nature should becometo the painter, a dictionary. Here is choice, selection, combination : thesupreme interference of beauty. Pantomime, in its limited way, is againno mere imitation of nature : it is a transposition, as an etching tran- sposes a picture. It observes nature in order that it may create a newform for itself, a form which, in its enigmatic silence, appeals straight to the intellect for its comprehension, and, like ballet, to the intellectthrough the eyes. And pantomime has that mystery which Is one of the requirementsof true art. To watch it Is like dreaming. How silently, in dreams, onegathers the unheard sound of words from the lips that do but makepretence of saying them ! And does not every one know that terrifyingimpossibility of speaking which fastens one to the ground for the eternityof a second, in what is the new, perhaps truer, computation of time indreams ? Something like that sense of suspense seems to hang over thesilent actors in pantomime, giving them a nervous exaltation which hasits subtle, immediate effect upon us, In tragic or comic situation. The•silence becomes an atmosphere, and with a very curious power of givingdistinction to form and motion. jZ? sZ? *z? z? &amp;I do not see why people should ever break silence on the stage exceptto speak poetry. Here, in pantomime, you have a gracious, expressivesiSence, beauty of gesture, a perfectly discreet appeal to the emotions, atransposition of the world into an elegant, accepted convention: in aword, ali the outlines of the picture. Poetry comes, not only lookingbeautiful, not only excluding what should not be there, but saying beau- tiful things, the only things worth saying when once words begin to beused, not for their mere utility (the ordering of dinner, a bargain, thearrangement of one's affairs), but for their beauty in a form of art.Here is the picture completed, awaiting only, for its ideal presentment,the interpretative accompaniment of music, which Wagner will give it,in what is so far the most complete form of art yet realised. A NOTE ON THE PRECEDING ESSAY. 11 great Drama moves in silence. Events of the greatest mag- nitude and significance pass in silence; there is nothing tobe said. JZ? jZ? jZ? jZ? &amp;There were no words wasted in the creation of the universe neither can words create so much as a sparrow. 0&amp; AH nature is silent when it acts, and speech cannot take the placeof action. How it is that speech has usurped the place of action i«Stage-Drama is for the present age to discover, and then it is possible that the present age will replace action on its stage-throne and thatthat throne will be remade and replaced In Its temple. &amp; &amp;A mistake is made when it is supposed that action is unable to besignificant unless words (and beautiful words) are added to it.^Action by itself is so capable of hinting at the profoundest acts evenas words are capable of stating them, JZ? £? JOBut if words are not used merely to state facts why make use of wordsat all ?Would it not be doing better to remain silent and let acts speak forthemselves? For acts will never do more than suggest what the actor desiresand feels, so free are they of all tyranny, and therein is acting a finerart,...if art it be,.... than the art of writing; for the word admits ofargument, and, where argument is possible between the creator, the seerand the on=looker, the tyranny of interruption '"and of broken rhythmthreatens us all and the strength of the Oracle is made ridiculous: where- as action, though final, is open to such an infinite variety of interpretationsthat relationship betwixt the interpreters need never be strained norharmony destroyed. &amp;Perfect pantomime is therefore in a position of dealing more capablywith spiritual moods than can that which today is known as poetic drama,for pantomime makes no statements but those which can be interpretedaccording to each man's heart's These are a few of the thoughts which Mr Symons's noble essay callsforth. It is an essay which in my opinion will do more to help us tounderstand the lost art of the stage than that by any writer of moderntimes. There are perfect passages in it which should be treasured by eachactor on the round earth, ...and if words were always Drama "fortheir beauty " and " not for their mere utility" there would be nofear that the ugliness of interruption would ever mar or spoil ourhappiness.£? But even with so great a writer as Shakespeare words are used fortheir mere utility ;... they aim at teaching us one and all the same lesson;and so it must be that ultimately words will be silenced in the purestform of Drama.£&gt; &amp; (1) Reprinted by permiision of the Author from il Studies in Seven Arts. " THE POET, An Unpublished Story by Oscar Wilde. This story was told by Wilde to Miss Aimee Lowther when a childand written out by her. A few copies were privately printed, butthis is the first time it has been given to the public. 0 &amp;Other stories of the same series will appear in future numbersof" The Mask. '' 0 0 0 0 0 Tphe poet lived in the country amongst the meadows and the woods*but every morning he went into the great city which lay many milesaway over the hills in the blue mist. And every evening he used toreturn. And in the dusky twilight the children and the people wouldgather round him whilst he told them of all the wonderful things thathe had seen that day in the woods, and by the river, and on the hill- tops. He would tell them of how the little brown fauns peeped out athim from among the green leaves in the woodland. 0000 He would tell them of the green-haired nerelds who had risen outof the glassy lake, singing to him on their harps. 0000 He would tell them also about the great centaur who met him on thehill-top, and had gallopped .off laughing in a cloud of dust.0 These, and many more wonderful things, did the poet tell the childrenand the people as they clustered round him every evening whilst theshadows grew thick and the grey twilight fell. 0 0 00 He told them marvellous tales of the wondrous things which his mindhad created, for he was filled with beautiful fancies. 0? 0 00 But one day, the poet returning from the great city through the wood,really did see the little brown fauns peering at him through the greenleaves. And when he came to the lake the green-haired nereids didindeed rise from the glassy water and sang to him on their harps. Andwhen he reached the hill-top a great centaur went gallopping off in acloud of dust and laughed. 0000000 On that evening when the people and the children gathered roundhim in the dim twilight to hear of all the wonderful things he had seenthat day, the poet said to them :.... " 1 have nothing to tell you to-day,1 have seen nothing " ; for on that day, for the first time in his life, head seen reality, and to a poet, fancy is reality, and reality is nothing. THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OFSHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS by E. W. Godw. RICHARD \\\. &amp; '-p HIS play takes up the history of the House of York in the summerof 1471 (the corse of Henry VI. not yet having been Interred) andfinishes with the battle of Bosworth, August 22, 1485. Clarence wasfound dead in the Tower, February JB, 1478, having been committed onlya month (January 16) before this. His brother, the Duke of Gloucester,had quarrelled with him about the Warwick estates as far back as 1473tand very much against the wish of Clarence had married the PrincessAnne, Warwick's second daughter, and sister-in-law to Clarence. Now, inthe drama, Clarence is committed to the Tower, follows theburial of the late King and the beginning of Richard's "courtship, andthe first Act finishes with the death of Clarence. It is tolerably manifestthat the action in this Act was only intended to cover the month whichelapsed from the committal to the death of Richard's unfortunate brotherfor these two events meet us, one at the beginning, the other at theend, of the Act. In the short interval between them Henry VI. is buriedand Richard does not marry " the lady Anne. " Surely Macbeth is quiteas good history as this. The second Act begins on or about April 8, andends Ma y2 or 3, 1483. The third Act begins May 4» and ends June 26,1483. In both Acts the dramatic events are unfolded in true historicalsequence. The year 1483 still follows us to the end of the first Scene ofthe fifth Act; then comes a break of nearly two years, and the rest ofthe Act belongs to the latter end of August 1485. Buckingham wasbeheaded at Salisbury November 1, 1483. and his ghost is one of theparty who disturb Richard on the night before the battle of Bosworth.The taking of Buckingham on the (stage) field of battle, and thelineOff with his head!-So much for Buckingham Iwhich is always sure to bring down a round of applause, are notShakespere's but the invention of later times, when historical blunderswere less to, be excused than in Elizabeth's reign. It is hardly necessaryto add that the character of Richard 111., as exhibited in the play, is asfar from the truth as the arrangement of events in the first Act. To an unknown writer In the reign of Henry VII., Bacon, More and Shaksperewere indebted for their colours, and they certainly were not niggardlyIn the use of the material so borrowed. As, however, it is no part of myprogramme to defend historical characters which have been vilified... atask that happily, owing to modern research, would not be very difficult...we will pass on to the consideration of the architectural scenes. With the exception of Act 5, and the third Scene of the third Act,all the Scenes are laid in London, and more than this, every Scene in theplay, with the exception of the last three of the last Act, is architectural.Taking the exceptions first, we havePomfret. - Before the castle (Act ill. Scene 3).Salisbury. - An open place (Act v. Scene 1).We have then left nineteen Scenes in London and Westminster, whichmay be divided as follows : -A street i . 5Courtyards or open places . . 5Interior of the Palace ... 6Ditto Tower ... 3Ditto of Lord Stanley's house . 1Of the streets, we may remark that one (Act i. Scene 1) must leadto the Tower from Westminster ; another (Act i. Scene 3) from St Paul'sto Chertsey; another (Act iii. Scene 1) must be in a direction; that which forms the third Scene of the second Act wouldmost naturally be placed in the heart of the city; and the sixth Sceneof the third Act might be the same, or it might very well come intothe seventh Scene, the court of Baynard's castle. The street architectureof our English cities in the time of which I write was passing throughthose later phases that helped to bring about the ruin of northern art.Houses were built higher than ever, storey overhung storey until thegables were oftentimes within handshake distance; light and airwere excluded in a measure we In these days can hardly realise. Thegrowth of the population, the continued desire men still had to huddletogether within the (doubtful) protection of crenellated walls, thelingering faith in city gates-(even yet hanging in rags and tatters aboutTemple Bar)-were the first weaknesses of a transition (and all transitions have their special weaknesses) which was to culminate two centurieslater in every conceivable plague of which that of the body was probablythe least. London of to-day is no place for us to learn of the London ofthe fifteenth century. To do this we must turn to cities and towns likeBristol, Chester, and Shrewsbury, and turn there soon, or their con- siderate and learned authorities will have so erased and interlined the%page that we shall learn nothing.The five courtyards or open places arei; Before Lord Hastings' house (Act iii. Sc.2. and 3. Before the Tower walis (Act iii. Sc. 5)4. Courtyard of Baynard's Castle (Act iii. Sc. 7).5. Before the King's Palace (Act iv. Sc. 4).Of Lord Hastings' house nothing remains, and no illustration of itexists that 1 have yet seen of sufficient authority to guide us.The Tower walls and gateway would be in much the same conditionas they were in when 1 last referred to them, (1) except that within thewalls, and rising above them, might be seen the roofs of a few morebuildings, with their picturesque lines of gables framed in wood andfilled in with plaster. Baynard's Castle stood in Thames Street, and onepile of the building stood on the very edge of the river. It was built byHumphrey, Duke of Gloucester, and had a half-and-half look about it,neither castle nor manor-house, but a look with an air of " the sevengables " in it, solemnified here and there by a strong turret of castle- like complexion. The main building was four storeys high, and thewindows were small enough to show that its builder thought more ofsafety than of outlook. The fourth Scene of the fourth Act, " before thePalace ", should b4 an outer quadrangle or court-yard of the King'spalace. The course of the action shows that Richard has joined his trainin an inner court, from which he passes through a second or outercourt wherein the two Queens and the Duchess of York have met tointercept him in his expedition. I take it that this outer palace wouldhave some air of privacy about it, that it would be a quadrangle andnot a street, or the Broad Sanctuary even, for it would be scarcelyprobable that queens and duchesses would sit on the ground of a public place or highway. Such a quadrangle would show an archway leading(under a low tower, perhaps) to an inner court, whence the sound ofthe royal trumpet is first heard. The buildings might be in one or morestyles provided there was nothing later than 1483. and this gives sucha wide scope to the scenic artist that to go wrong is hardly possible*except of malice aforethought. Of the six scenes devoted to the interiorof the palace, one is evidently intended to be distinct from the rest. Aroom of state must be provided for the second Scene of the fourth Act,but the third of the first and fourth, and the first, second, and fourth ofthe second Acts may be represented by the common hall, or any otherroom which, like this, would be easy of access to everyone. The stagedirection makes the third Scene of the fourth Act 44 the same " as thesecond, but it is scarcely likely that Richard would appoint a meetingwith Tyrrel in this room, for here, when the state business was over,the servants would be busied in taking down the dossals and hangings,or, in other words, dismantling the chamber until its upholstery was re- quired for another ceremony. &amp; JZ?Of the two Scenes in the Tower, one must be a hall or councilchamber, the other a prison, like that 3 have already had occasion tonotice. &amp;The room in Lord Stanley's house must be purely conjectural.But of this, as of all other rooms, 1 may remark that in 1483 the lateststyle of Mediaeval architecture, which we commonly call Perpendicular,having been practised for more than a century, men of position, fashionor wealth had had plenty of time to reconstruct or add to their housesin the style of their age. We are happily still rich in examples of thisstyle, and to those who cannot afford to examine them for themselves,the late Mr. Pugin's works are full of carefuliy-measured drawings thatwill supply everything that is necessary in the shape of architecturaldetail. jg/Nevertheless, in this play, as in most, the mere archaeologist isnot all that is wanted. There must be joined to the antiquarian know- ledge more or less of the architects' skill in composition or design; foralthough every detail of a scene may by itself be correct, it may sohappen that in the aggregate the individual bits of even careful archaeological research may be dominated by the absurdity of the generalconstruction.Ah, cut my lace asunder!That my pent heart may have some scope to beat.£? These words at once suggest to us one invention of the reign ofRichard 111, viz., the laced stomacher worn by men and women. Withthis exception there was very little change in costume from that describedin my last article. Armour continued to be exaggerated about theshoulders, elbows, and knees, until these jointpieces attained a kind of»fan-shape, which, combined with the laminated plates, gave to a fashio- nably armed knight more the appearance of a double-tailed dragon thana man. Richard and others at Bosworth wore over their armour thetabard of arms mentioned in my last, and the King and Buckinghamwere at all times finely decked. The embroidered pattern of this timewas that composed of what was called 44 the nett and pyne apple, " avery long-lived one. For the head, men used hats of estate, the rolls* Tbehind and the beeks (peeks) before; little round caps or bonnets(bonets), with fur edging and a feather, something like a lady's modernporkpie hat; and the cape with its hood. Top-boots, 9 or 10 incheshigher than the knee, and very long pointed toes were commonly worn.The doublets and gowns were of satin, velvet, or cloth of gold linedwith velvet, many of them being embroidered with personal badges orthe fashionable pattern above mentioned. In the ladies' dress we note*first the disappearance of the tall head-gear, and in its place we see areasonable caul or net of gold confining the hair at the back ofthe head with very fine kerchief, stiffened into shape as in the prece- ding reign.The dress of Anne on the day before her coronation is describedas composed of a kirtle and mantle of white cloth of gold, with trim- mings of Venice gold and ermine, the mantle being 44 garnished withseventy annulets of silver, gilt, and gylt." The every-day gown haddeep cuffs, turn-down collar, and deep hemplece on the skirt of fur orvelvet. On ordinary occasions the hair seems to have been worn looselyhanging over the shoulder, au naturel. It requires no wonderful wit torender such a costume eminently pleasing. May I be so bold to commend it indirectly through my readers to their fair friends, and directly tooif perchance this journal is fortunate enough to possess any ladies amongits supporters. (1). In an article on the play of King Henry VI whiefa will be reprinted in The Mask at a future date. A WORD ABOUT THE DANCE by Heine. we reflect more deeply on the dance in the Acad£mie Royale deMuslque, it appears as an attempt to christianise to a certain degreethis arch-heathen art, and the French ballet has an odour as of the Gal- lican Church, if not of Jansenism, as have all the artistic productions ofthe great age of Louis XIV. &amp;&amp; The French ballet is, in this respect, naturally allied to the tragediesof Racine and the gardens of Le Notre. There prevails in all the sameregular cut, the same measure of etiquette, the same court-like coldness,the same ornamental prudishness, the same chastity. In reality, its outerform and inner life is chaste, but the eyes of the dancing girls form avery lascivious commentary on the most moral pas or figures, and theirindecent smiles are in sad contrast with their feet.&amp; We find the contrary in national dances, which I prefer a thousandtimes to the ballets of the great opera. &amp; &amp;These national dances are often too sensual in form... as, for example,the Indian.... but the holy gravity on the faces of the dancers moralisesthe dance and raises it to religion (zum Ru/tus). &amp; £&gt;&amp; The great Vestris once uttered a saying which caused much laughterin Its time. Once he said in his pathetic tone to one of his disciples,Un gianddanseur doit etre vertueux, "... a great dancer should bevirtuous. Strangely enough, the great Vestris has now lain forty years Inhis grave (he could not survive the misfortunes of the House of Bourbon,with which the family of Vestris had ever been intimately allied), and itwas only in the last December, when I was present at the opening of theChamber of Deputies, and dreamily abandoning myself to my thoughts,that all at once the late Vestris came into my mind, and as if by insplaration I suddenly grasped the profound meaning of his words, •' A greatdancer should be virtuous." 0 THE RUSSIAN BALLET. 1911. A. C has the Russian Ballet appealed with such force to modern Paris ?Has Paris become a lover of the prudish ? And what has takenLondon by storm? Is it the prudery and "the court-like coldness" ofthe whole exhibition ? &amp;For the dancers and painters have given us no new creation.... nonew life has been created: an old and dusty wardrobe has been broughtup from the cellars of the Paris Opera House and the Russian collectorsof curios have indulged their mania for the old-fashioned and havedressed up living dolls with the cast off clothes of a dead age.... an agewhich was dead at the time of its birth. And that is exactly what the discerning Publics of Europe will very soon by saying. &amp; THE PUBLIC by Victor Hugo. know of nothing too lofty for the people. The people are a greatsoul. Have you ever gone on a fdte-day to a theatre open gratuitouslyto all ? What do you think of that auditory ? Do you know of any othermore spontaneous and intelligent? Do you know, even in the forest, ofa vibration more profound ? The court of Versailles admires like a well- drilled regiment; the people throw themselves passionately into thebeautiful. They pack together, crowd, amalgamate, combine, and kneadthemselves in the theatre ; a living paste that the poet Is about to mould.The powerful thumb of Moliere will presently make Its mark on it; thenail of Corneille will scratch this ill-shaped heap. Whence does thatheap come ? Whence does it proceed ? From the Courtille, from thePorcherons, from the Cunette; it is shoeless, with tucked-up sleeves inrags. Silence! This is the human block. &amp;&amp; The house Is crowded, the vast multitude looks, listens, loves; allconsciences, deeply moved, throw off their inner fire, all eyes glisten*the huge beast with a thousand heads is there, the Mob of Burke, thePlebs of Titus Livius, the Fex Urbis of Cicero, it caresses the beautiful*it smiles at It with the grace of a woman, it is literary in the most re- fined sense of the word ; nothing equals the delicacy of this monster.The tumultuous crowd trembles, blushes, palpitates; its modesty is sur- prising; the crowd Is a virgin. No prudery however, this brute Is notbrutal. Not a sympathy escapes it; it has in itself the whole keyboard,from passion to irony, from sarcasm to sobbing. Its compassion is morethan compassion ; it is real mercy. Qod is felt in it. All at once the su- blime passes, and the sombre electricity of the abyss heaves up suddenlyall this pile of hearts and entrails, the transfiguration of enthusiasmoperates, and now, is the enemy at the gates, is the country in danger?Throw a cry to that populace, It would enact the sublime drama ofThermopylae. Who has called forth such a metamorphosis ? Poetry. &amp;The multitude, and in this lies their grandeur, are profoundly opento the ideal. When they come in contact with lofty art they are pleased,they shudder. Not a detail escapes them. The crowd is one liquid andliving expanse capable of vibration. A mass is a sensitive plant. Contactwith the beautiful agitates ecstatically the surface of multitudes, suresign that the depth is sounded. A rustling of leaves, a mysterious breathpasses, the crowd trembles under the sacred insufflation of the abyss.And there, even where the man of the people is not In a crowd, he isyet a good hearer of great things. His Ingenuousness is honest, his cu- riosity healthy. Ignorance Ss a longing. His near connexion with naturerenders him subject to the holy emotion of the true. He has, towardspoetry, secret natural desires which he does not suspect himself. All theteachings are due to the people. The more divine the light, the more Isit made for this simple soul. We would have in the villages a pulpit fromwhich Homer should be explained to the peasants. A WARNING TO AN ACTOR - MANAGER. A. C. ipake care how you impress this vast monster of whom Hugo speaks;Take care that you do not lower yourself to tickle its fancy Insteadof arousing its Imagination. Take care that you do not laugh in yoursleeve at the mob. Take care that you do not flatter it. &amp;()1 unless you are sincere, unless you give it your best, appealingto its best; unless you believe that It is a thing capable of all the noblestthat is in nature you will surely one day be devoured by the monster in it; it will assuredly tear you into pieces. THE CHARACTERS OF THE DELL'ARTE; A List Compiled by Gordon. 1 give you a list of the characters of the Commedia deli'Arte, and I thinkI give you a very fairly complete list. I can find no such list either inBartoli (i) or elsewhere. Probably no one has thought it worth whileheaping the names together, but I hold another opinion. &amp;1 have arranged the list in alphabetical order. The nine principlemasks I have printed in capital letters. Pour of these come from thenorth of Italy, four from the south, and as. for the one over, the Captain,half of him comes from Spain by ship and, arriving at Naples, finds hisother half already in the Z? jZ&gt; z? Z? jZ?Z? 1 have added in brackets the name of the town or province tromkwhich a mask comes when it was found possible to ascertain this. I havealso included in the list names invented by the Germans, English orFrench such as Hanswurst (Germany) who is the Harlequin of France,the 44 Arlecchino " of Italy. z? z? z? z? z? zrz? Most of the names are very amusing to the ear, and some of themhave queer meanings, such as, for example, 44 Capitano Grillo ". (2)The word Grillo means literally Grasshopper; but a Grillo is also abattering ram and a whim,.... two widely different meanings. Then idio=matically we have it in these senses ; 44 pigliare il grillo " ; to take pepperin the nose or to get in a rage; 44 fare saltare il grillo " to anotherperson means to provoke them, or, in the English phrase, to 44 get theirback up ". Z? Z&gt; Z? Z/ Z? z? Zf Z&gt;Z? Again, 44 Finocchlo " means simply Fennel: but the Italians have anidiom, 441 want my share up to the finocchio ", which means to the last farthing. Also, speaking of a fool, they say pityingly, 44 he is like the fi- nocchio In a sausage ", the word here standing for a mere cypher,..., anonentity of a lost cat.I have not added here all the variations of each name for there is nolimit to them. They are as complicated and varied as the emotions. Forinstance, plain Carlo can be 44 Carlino which is little Carlo; or 44 Car=letto ", which is 44 dear little Carlo ", 44 Carlettino " which might standfor, 44 oh, my dear little Carlo " : 44 Carluccio ", 44 good old Carlo " and44 Carlaccio " that devil Carlo. 44 Carlone again, is 44 big Carlo", and44 Carlotto " might be the gorgeous and splendid or powerful Carlo, andwith the addition of those thousand different inflexions possible to menwho feel and are not frightened of showing their feelings it is manifestthat from the mere name of Carlo a whole drama could be imagined andperformed.I think it would be useful if we could have a family tree of thesecharacters and I wish someone would spare the time for the work.j£? In my spare moments of the last year I filled a little book with a massof fact relating to the Commedia dell'Arte which I hope shortly topublish. 1 felt that such a book had to be made if one wished to get aclearer idea of this amazing Drama, because the theatrical historians,carried away by their enthusiam for the subject, have been too liberalwith their surmises. 44 Perhaps" and 44 In my opinion " and 44 it is likelythat " is charming, but not History. A historian should confine himselfto facts, cutting ruthlessly away anything which Is surmise, howeverfascinating it may appear But let us to the list I &amp; &amp; THE LIST OP CHARACTERS. ARLECCHINO. (Bergamo; N.) Ardelia. Argentina. Aurelia, Alison{France). J&amp;&amp; BRIGHELLA. (Ferrara; N.) Belio=Sguardo. Bagolino. Beltrame. CMilan) Burattino. Bagattino. Buifetto. Bacocco. Blazius. Bertolino.Bertoldo. £? JZ? JZ?COVIELLO (Calabria; S.) Cucuba. Cucurucu. Corinto. Ciurio.Cicho Sgarra. Carlino. Cataldo. Ciaudione. Coraiina. CarmosinaColumblna. CAPITANO ( Spain and Naples). 11 Capitano Spavento deU'Val'lnferna.Capitano Zerbino. Capitano Bombardon della Papirotondo. CapitanoAspromonte. Capitano Rinoceronte. Capitano Furibimbombo. CapitanoLeonontrove. Capitano Arcitronotonantre. Capitano Grillo. CapitanoCardone. Capitano Fracasso. Capitano Fricassa. Capitano BellerofonteMartellione. Capitano Esgangarato. Capitano Cerimonia. CapitanoCoccodrillo. Capitano Bellavita. Capitano Malagamba. Capitano Babeo.Capitano Spezzaferro. Capitano Tempestas. Capitano Spezza Monti.Capitano Rodomonte or Rodomondo. Capitano Basllisco. Capitano SangueFuego. Capitano Cuerno de Cornazan. Capitano Matamore (France).Kapitan Gryphius {Germany). Capitano Horribili-Crlbilifax. {Germany).Captain Ralph Roister Doister. {England). Capitano Giangurgolo. Capitanodei Baroni. Capitano Ariararche. Capitano Melampigo. Capitano Leucopigo.Capitano Terremoti. Capitano Spacca. Capitano Dia Catolicon. CapitanoTaglia Canton!. Capitano Trasteverino. Meo Patacco. Capitano Ciullo.Capitano Miccopassaro. Capitano Parabola. Capitano Gorgoleone. Ca- pitano Martibellonio. Capitano Trasiloco. Capitano Meo SquaquaraCapitano Meo Squamara. Capitano Pasquariello Truono. ■DOTTORE. (Bologna.) Dr Graziano. Dr Baloardo. Dr Balazon.Dr Prudentio. Dr Brantino. Dr Hippograsso. Messer Rovina. Dr Pan- cazio. {Naples), Dr Biscagliese (Naples), Dr Cucuzzietto. Dr Cassandro.Dr Casandrino, Dr Diafoirus. Dr Siciiiano.&amp; Diamantina. II Desaredo. (Parma), &amp;Francatrippa. Fritellino. Falsirone. Formica. Fabricio. Frontino.Frontin. (Germany). Finocchio. Fantino. Fritata. Fortunato. DonFastldlo. Flavlo. Fabio. Franceschina. Fedellndo. Farfanicchio.Facanappa (Verona). Florindo. Fiorinetta.Gian Farina, Gian Fritello. Gian Gurgolo (Calabria). Gradelo.Gradeliino. Guatsetto. Gelsomino (Rome). Giacinta. Gianduja. (Turin)Guindolo. Gilles (France).&amp; Harlequin. (England ; France). Hauswurst (Germany). &amp;&amp; Isabella. (Padua) (i).Leandro. Lelio. Lavinia. Lucretia. Lucia. . Leonora. Lucinda.% Mezzetino. Metzetin. Mascarlllo. Mestolino. Menego, Meneghlno.{Milan). Marinetta. Matacino. &amp; jg&gt;Narcisino. {Bologna.) II Notaja. Naccherlno. Nespolino. &amp;Orazio. Ottavlo. Ortensia. &amp;PANTALONE. {Venice N.) Pantalone de Bisognoso, Pantaloae 31Magnifico Babolonio. Übaldo. Cassandro. Lauterini. Oronte, {France).Gironte. {France). &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;PULCINELLA. {Apulia. S.) Polichinelle, {France). Pulcinelo. {Spain)Punch {England) Sia Pasquino. Pedrollno. Pandolpho. Pernovella.Pasquariello. Pasquella Paillasse. Pagliacclo. Pierrot. {Paris). Phillppin{France). Pickle-Herring {Holland). Peppinella. Pesplce. Polpettino,Peppe-Nappa.Razullo. Ruzzante. Rasta di Boio. Rlcciulina. Rosaura. Rosetta.Dame Ragonde. Rugantino. {Rome). Rubacorl.&amp; SCARAMUCCIA. (S.) Sganarello. Stenterello Scaplno. ScapinSylvia. Saporita. Susanna. Smaraolo-Cornuto. Smeraldina. Spllletta.Stopplno. Salembeni. £&gt;£? TARTAGLIA. (S.) Trulfaldino. Taberina. Truono. Temellino. Trac»cagnino. Trappola. Trlvetlno. Trastulo. Trivellino. Tabacchino. Tur»chetta. Tortellino.Valerlo.Zanobio da Piombino. {Florenoe). Zerbinetta. Zanni. Zaccognino. £&gt; (1) Adolfo Bartoli. Scenari inediti della commedia deli'arte.(2) See Callot's engraving in "The Mask January 1911, 108. &lt;1) The wife ot Francesco Andreini. For details of her life see The Mask, January 1911, pages 120 to 122. A JAPANESE PUPIL:RECOLLECTIONS by Masanobu Otani. J. S. | it this essay Mr Otani relates some few facts about his work as literaryassistant to Lafcadio Hearn. £/The account which he gives is full of distinction. It Is also full of10ve,... only too rare a quality in an assistant, but one in which liesthe secret of fine work. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;jSf The whole story is remarkable for the modesty with which it Is told.How elated, how puffed up would a Westerner have been in like circum- stances ! how eager to show that, without his assistance, the masterwould have been nothing! But of such a feeling no trace is to be foundIn the story of this young Japanese.It is In the hope that pupils of the West may learn from rthls pupilof the East the right and beautiful attitude towards their masters,... maylearn a like spirit of obedience, thoroughness, reverence, and submissionto discipline, such a spirit as can alone produce fine results, that we print Mr Otani's words. «It was in September, 1896, (Meiji 29th) that we both entered theimperial University of Tokyo ; I as a student and Mr. Lafcadio Hearnas a lecturer 011 English literature, which study I was going to pursue.I was the first caller in his temporary Tokyo house at Tatsuoka Cho ofHongo district, as he told me when I called on him on the 9th of thesame month ; and again I called on him on the 13th, and again on the15th when he made me promise to become his literary assistant. (Hewho hitherto, since a day of September, 1890, had been my belovedteacher at Matsue, now became my patron.) 1 did not work much thatyear, but, if I remember rightly, only one article on " The Student'sLife in Tokyo, " and some translations from the shintaishi (new-styledpoems) of Professors Toyama, Uyeda, Inouye and others, were my effort. It was decided from January of 1897 that I should present my study onthe subject he wished every month; and " the Japanese Policeman'sLife " was the first subject I received. And the subject for Februarywas " An Essay on the Lives of Priests and Nuns, from the Time ofChildhood. Suggestions:... Reason of Choice of a Religious Life...FirstDuties...Education...Range of Learning...Daily Duties..Observance of Vows,etc....Probable Number of Priests and Nuns...Average of Life. &amp;He wrote me under the date Feb. 26th, informing me of the subjectfor March, which was "A Collection of Poems of Students...(only Melji ofcourse)...and especially University Students. " There were, at that time,not so many students poets of shintais, and as to-day;I had no small difficulty in hunting up their works in college publicationsof city and provinces. He used only the seventeen-syllable hokku frommy collections for his " Bits of Poetry "in " Ghostly Japan. " TheMay subject was announced in a letter again to be " A Collection ofJapanese Proverbs containing Allusions to Buddhism. " As there was nosuch work published, 1 made my best effort in the Uyeno and Universitylibraries, and the result was better than I expected at first, and I eventhought that i had coliected all the proverbs in that line. Mr. Hearnwas much pleased, and used the material for Japanese BuddhistProverbs " in his "In Ghostly Japan." The subject for June wasabout the short popular songs concerning the China-Japan war; but Ido not know where he used my collection of those songs. &amp; &amp;&amp; 1 returned home to the province of Izumo In July, where he wroteme that 1 should devote fully two months to investigating with mypersonal effort and inquiring of scholars on the following subject:" Inscriptions and Sculptures in Buddhist Cemeteries. &amp;I.lnscriptions upon Sutpa. &amp; &amp;A list of these inscriptions (1) in Chinese characters, separately; (2)In Romaji under the Chinese characters; (3) in literal English under theRomaji; (4) explanatory. (Some reference should be made to sect usage.)Group if possible under respective sects...Shiushiu, Zenshiu, Tendai,Shingon, etc.) &amp;&gt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;ILlnscriptions upon Haka. Arrange similarly, Group by sects if possible.&amp; IH.Sculptures...Carvings of Buddhist Symbols in Use by the Different Sects,... Swastika, Lotos, etc., but only Sculptures in Graveyards. 99&amp; 1 had read many a book upon the sutpa ; and I made many calls tothe priests of each sect; and I went around every graveyard in Matsueduring one month. And the result which 1 presented to Mr. Hearn to%his delight came to be used as the material for his " Literature of theDead in " Exotics and Retrospectives* " The subject for Septemberwas the relation of sFuji Mountain and Shintoism; and my essay wasutilised somewhere in " Fuji-no-yama " in the same book. And thesubject for October was: 44 Singing-insects That are Kept in Cages.(What kind of music they make,...what they feed on,...what beliefs ortraditions or poems refer to them,..what their capture and sale signifiesin the small commerce of Tokyo, etc) " From newspapers, books and mypersona! experience 1 gathered all the materials upon those insects;when my writing was presented to him, his pleasure was great; and heused it as the material for his " Insect-Musicians. " &amp; i" November my work was to collect old childrens' songs which heused for 44 Songs of Japanese Children " in 44 A Japanese Miscellany. "*' Poems on Cicadas 'and Frogs " was the subject for December. Thematerials for them were considerable, especially for frogs ; I presentedhim also the translations of 44 Keichu Kushlu " and 44Zoku Keichu Kushiu"edited by the hokku poet Roseki Mizouchi. He was delighted with mywork on the subject; his study on Frogs In his 44 Exotics andRetrospectives" relied on it. &amp; &amp;The subject for January, 189s, was 44 Poems on the Sound of Seaand Wind. " It is strange even to us that we have very few such poems;he was surprised about that, of course, 44 About Incenses, and also thePoems on Them " was my February work which was used for his44 incense "In4&lt; In Ghostly Japan. I was given In March the subjectof the deities and poems attached to a Japanese ink-stone ( ),which, however, was a failure as I could find nothing at all about thedeities, and the poems, too, were extremely poor. The subject for Aprilwas the 44 Buddhistic Conception of Hell " and chiefly, a description ofit; and 1 tried my best with it, but he did not make any use of myeffort which, however, pleased him. He gave me the subject of 44 Kingio "(gold-fish) in May; and my June subject was the Horal (elysium) and its traditions and the conceptions of the ancient poets. The subject for Julyand August was 44 Folklore and Mythology of Japanese Plants. " Chieflyhe wanted the fruits which bore Buddhist and Shinto appellations, andbesides, he wanted to have the flowers' traditions, also, the animals,fishes, and insects which bore Buddhist names. And if I had time enough,he said, I should write an 44 essay on 4 Ma, '...the spirits or goblins whoare supposed to urge men to accomplish certain actions, etc." Relyingon the encyclopedia-dictionaries like 44 Genkai " and others, 1 workedhard during my summer vacation; for his "Buddhist Names of Plants andAnimals" In 44 A Japanese Miscellany" he made good utilization ofmy investigation. 1 received the subject of 44 Footprints of the Buddha "in September; from many Buddhist books, and with the help of two orthree priests I could write a good enough article which did forhim to write the essay of the same title in 44 In Ghostly Japan. " &amp;&amp; October was spent collecting the Japanese ballads which he used for44 Old Japanese Songs "in Shadowings; about Kanemaki Odori-uta,44 Bel !=wrapping-song " (page 83 of the same book) he wrote: 44 Replyingto the note accompanying the translation of the ballads, I want to tellyou that I found them very interesting. The 4 Bell-wrapping-song 'is an excellent specimen of a true ballad,...the best I have yet seen,with its curious burden of duplication and onomatopeia . . ;"The subject for November was poems on death and graveyards ; andsongs with refrains were for December. He wrote me: 44 Your collectionof poems this month interested me a great deal in a new way thesongs separately make only a small appeal to the imagination, but thetone and feeling of the mass are most remarkable, and give me anumber of new ideas about the character of the 4 folkwork '...."&amp; It was on the 29th of the same mouth that I called on him at TomihisaCho, Ushigome district, and presented him with a gift from my mother,for which he wrote me: 441 think that a better present, or one whichcould give me sincere pleasure, will never be received. It is a most cu- rious thing, that strange texture,... and a most romantic thing also inits way,.,, seeing that the black speckling that runs through the wholewool is made by characters of letters or poems or other texts, writtenlong ago. And I must assure you that I'll always prize it not only because I like it, but particularly because your mother wove it. I amgoing to have it made into a winter kimono for my own use, which Ishall always wear, according to season, in my study room. Surely it isjust the kind of texture which a man of letters ought to wear . . . . "" Two most welcome gifts from a young poet of my literary class"(page 157 of " Shadowings ") meant my mother's present of the pieceof wool and the collection of poems.The January of 1899 was used to collect more songs with refrainsand also the popular !ove=songs; and February and March were spent intranslating the Shingaku and Saibaraku, as his desire was chiefly forthe ancient poems, except those of Manyo ; and he used them for ** OldJapanese Songs " in his " Sbadowings, " I received the subject ofutai"drama for April ; presented the translations of Yuya and the half ofDojoji. He wrote me: " I had no idea, however, when I suggested theuiai, of the enormous labor that would be required for a few of thesefor Western readers. It will be very hard indeed to do it ;...for the merefact of the translation being done is only the faintest outline of thework. However, later on, I may try one specimen, and when you haveleisure, I shall be glad to see the rest of the Dojoji piece. That Yuyawould require, for an English reader, two pages of clearly printed notesto every half page of the text. 1 fear that nobody would care to reada thing In that shape ; yet, without a knowledge of every Buddhistallusion, the poetry of the composition should not be felt. . .It is true that my translation could not succeed in making itself un- derstood in spite of the great labor I had undergone. It is sad for liter- ature, however, that he died without touching his marvelloushand to it. &amp; I was asked in May to collect the Japanese women's names accordingto their ethical and aesthetic relation. I had the lists of students ofmany girls' schools; and besides, an essay on that subject was writtenby Mr. Tetsuzo Okada in some philosophical magazine ; with these helpsI was able to write one article to my satisfaction, and he used the mat- erial I offered him for Japanese Female Names, "in his **ShadowingsMy writing on Semi (cicada) In June was developed by his magic, andhe put it in his " Shadowings " also. The month of July was the time of my graduation from the University; and then I stopped working forhim as his literary assistant. However, I was asked to work 'now andthen after that, and I was only too glad to do any service for him. I.-•.,1 • . ■confess that it was no easy task to study a new subject for each month,and to write it up In English which was far from£ my [command; but; 4 - - i *' -*• 'aside from the materia! assistance he gave for my work, without whicht V CI . t'f ■ • * -*• * *' ;/ •* *fact, I am sure I could not have finished my three years at the Univer- sity, it was a great education in itself. He wrote me a few days beforemy graduation &amp;t; . . 1 have gone somewhat into particulars, only because Iwant you to feel that you have really paid for your own education likea man, and have no obligation of any sort as far as I am concerned.• . The work must have sometimes been tiresome. But the resultsto yourself have not been altogether bad." &amp; &amp;I had numerous occasions to be deeply impressed by his depth ofsympathy under which 1 always thought he was my spiritual comforterand encourager. Here I have a letter written by him when I was confinedto a sick-bed in my boarding house more than one mouth: in part he said:44 .... A little bodily sickness may come to anybody. Many studentsdie, many go mad, many do foolish things and sometimes ruin themselvesfor life. You are good at your studies, and mentally in sound health, andsteady In your habits...three conditions which ought to mean success,unless you fail in them. That is not unfortunate. £?£? 44 Finally, you have good eyes and a clear brain. How many thousandshave to fail for want of these ? You are certainly not unfortunate. &amp;44 When I was a boy of sixteen, although my blood-relations were....some of them... very rich no one would pay anything to help me finishmy education. I had to become what you never have had to become,....a servant. I partly lost my sight. 1 had two years of sickness in bed. 1Ihad no one to help me. Yet 1 was brought up in a rich home, surroundedwith every luxury of Western life. 4? &amp;* f.44 So, my dear boy, do not lie there in your bed and fret, and try topersuade yourself that you are unfortunate. You are a lucky boy, and apet, and likely to succeed in life... " &amp;My thought of Mr. Hearn carried me back, [at once, to his beloved Matsue of lzumo where he stepped first some time in the month of August1890. It must have been his idea, of course, to begin his study of Japan andthe Japanese in her oldest province, and so no hardship of travel dauntedhim ; he looked forward to Matsue, " the chief city of the province ofthe gods " as he wrote afterward, with delightful anxiety and new hope»I do not know when he left Yokohama; but he told me that hehad seen a Bon Odori at Shimoichi, following the highway of TottoriKaido after leaving Okayama which he reached by a train ; and he took,then, a steamboat from Yoneko of the Hoki province, seeing, at his right,the Mi ho no Seki promontory of the Shimaire peninsula, and, at his left,the lovely view of the Sodeshi ga Ura coast; and when he crossed asort of a sea, he was already in the stream af the Ohashigawa riverby which Matsue is built. &amp;I remember that it was the 2nd of September when he appearedfirst in the school; from that day, I had the rare fortune to putunder his care as one of the students of the fourth year of the MiddleSchool of Shimane Ken. lie Impressed us with his earnestness andsympathy ; hitherto, we had only a slight acquaintance with a missionary,and we found such a pleasing change in him. He was patient to correctour English accent carefully; and he went minutely over our compositions,and it was our greatest joy that he wrote even a criticism on them. Oneof his earliest writings in my possession is a sort of criticism he wrotefor my composition called " The Book, " in which I said that there mustbe a book-maker to produce a book, and also, God to create the world.I further said that as the civilized Europeans are Christians, the countryof non-believers of the Christian faith cannot be called civilized. Here iswhat he wrote on my composition: £? &amp; &amp;j2? "(I) This argument (called by Christians Paley's Argument) is absurdlyfqlse. Because a book is made by a book-maker, or a watch by a watch- maker, it does not follow at all that suns and worlds are made by anintelligent designer. We only know of books and watches as humanproductions. Even the substance of a book or a watch we do not knowthe nature of. What we do know logically is that Matter Is eternal, andalso the Power which shapes It and changes it. (2) Another false argu- ment. At one time, the Greeks and the Egyptians, both highly civilized people, believed in different gods. Later, the Romans and the Greeks,although highly civilized, accepted a foreign belief. Later still, thesecivilized peoples were conquered by races of a different faith. Thereligion of Mahomet was at one time that of the highest civilization. Atanother time the religion of India was the religion of the highestcivilization; It is very doubtful whether the civilization of a peopleany connection, whatever, with their religion.,. In Christian countries,moreover, the most learned men do not believe in Christianity ; and theChristian religion is divided into countless sects, which detest eachother. No European scientist of note,... no philosopher of high rank,,...no really great man is a Christian in belief. " £/No other teacher, I am sure, could take such pains for a slip ofcomposition of a mere boy as I was then ; he was most serious andpainstaking for anything he undertook as in his literature. I believethat it was from his idea to draw out our thoughts and imaginationsthat he gave us such composition-subjects as 44 ghost, " 44 peony, "• "fox",44 cuckoo 44 tortoise, " firefly ", and others. Read page 460 and some=where of 44 Glimpses of Unfamiliar Japan " under the title of 44 Fromthe Diary of a Teacher. " The page 461 is about the conversation which1 had with him in the class-room. jZ? .0About that time, we invited him to a certain Buddhist temple ofTera Machi (Temple Street) when we had a musical entertainment. 1could then play a Chinese instrument. He sat as we did from two o'clockuntil evening attentively; and we were surprised to see him not evenpalsied in his legs as any other foreigner would be after even a halfhour's experience. 44 Qjo and Batto " in the pages of 44 From the Diaryof a Teacher" were the program of that day. He was a perfectly delight*ful personality to his friends, at least as a Mr. Hearn at Matsue; hetried to absorb, when off duty from his school, everything Japanese andstrange ; and he with his student boys made many little excursions almosteverywhere about the city. And he never failed in attending any meetingor dinner party which his fellow-teachers happened to hold. The firsttwo or three pages of a 44 Dancing girl " of the same book were from apersonal experience he enjoyed on one of those occasions. He made avisit to my house on the Setsubun night of 1891, and saw Oniyarai (Devil be=»out-Feast) sitting in my study; and he used it for 44 Two StrangeFestivals." He insisted on my accompanying him to his place (he wasstill staying at one of the Japanese hotels, not being married yet); andhe thanked me offering me a glass of whisky.As he wrote on page 443, 1 was collecting at that time varieties ofmarine plants; it is true that I had no small interest in botany; andperhaps that was the reason he advised me to take up science as mystudy; or perhaps his sharp eye clearly saw then that I was unfitted tofollow literature. However, against his advice, I glided into literature. Ireceived his letter dated March 3rd 1894. when I was a student at theKyoto Higher Middle School: JZ? JZ?JZ? " 1 think you ought not to study what would not be of practical useto you in after=life. I am always glad to hear of a student studying en- gineering, architecture, medicine (if he has the particular moral characterwhich medicine requires),... or any branch of applied science. I do notlike to see all the fine boys turning to the study of law, Instead of tothe study of science or technology. If you were my son, or brother Iwould say to you, 'Study science... study for a practical profession'.. •Suppose you were obliged suddenly to depend entirely on your ownunassisted power to make money,... would it not then be necessary todo something practical ?... Hundreds of students leave the universitywithout any real profession, and without any practical ability to makethemselves useful. All cannot become teachers, or lawyers, or clerks.They become sosfii, or they become officials, or they do nothing of anyconsequence. Their whole education has been of no real use to them,because it has not been practical. Men can succeed in life only by theirability to do something, and three fourths of the university studentscan do nothing. Their education has been only ornamental "When I informed him afterward that 1 had put my name in theliterature department upon removing to the Second Higher Middle Schoolat Sendai, he wrote me again under date of March Bth 1895:"... I am really sorry that you should not have taken a scientificcourse. Literature is a subject that you can study best outside of schoolsand colleges. But science is not. A scientific profession might enable youto do great things for your country, and in any case it would make you practically Independent. 1 cannot imagine that literature will ever beImore than a pleasure to you. Even in England it is extremely difficultto live by literature, or to obtain distinction by it ... " £? &amp;And I found also the following words in his letter dated June 28thof the same year:'• Don't forget at least to think about my advice to take a scientificcourse, if you can. The future is likely to offer so little to literaryability of any kind for another half century, that I fear literature cannotbe of much use to you. Japan, for at least fifty years to come, must turnall her talents to practical matters,... even her arts. It will be like Ame&gt;rica before the present century. The practical man... botanist, chemist,engineer, architect, will always be £?The 26th of October 1891 was Mr. Hearn's last day of teaching atMatsue's Jinjo Chugakko; we had a farewell banquet in his honor in theschool hall. 1 read a farewell address in behalf of all the students as itwas written in his 44 Sayonara " of 44 Glimpses of Unfamiliar Japan ".And every word of •4 Sayonara " is true; in reading it the old sad day ofparting with him returns to my mind again. He wrote : 44 And now, as Ilook at all these pleasant faces about me, I cannot but ask myself thequestion: 4 Could 1 have lived in the exercise of the same profession forthe same length of time in any other country, and have enjoyed a similarunbroken experience of human goodness?' From each and all of these 1have received only kindness and courtesy. Not one has ever, even throughinadvertence, addressed to me a single ungenerous word. As a teacherof more than five hundred boys and men, 1 have never even had mypatience tried. I wonder if such an experience is possible only in Japan."&amp; And further he wrote :&amp; 44 Magical indeed the charm of this land, as of a land veritably hauntedby gods: so lovely the spectral delicacy of its c010ur,... so lovely theforms of its hills blending with the forms of its clouds... so lovely, aboveall, those long trailings and bandings of mists which make its altitudesappear to hang in air. A land where sky and earth so strangely inter=mingle that what is reality may not be distinguished from what is illu=sion,... that all seems a mirage, about to vanish. For me, alasl it is aboutto vanish forever. " &amp; &amp; &amp; Indeed, when he left Matsue of the Izumo province, the dearest tohim.in all Japan, only next to St. Pierre of Martinique as he often re- marked to me afterward, it seems that his paradise was lost never to beregained. &amp; &amp;&amp; &amp;&amp; &amp;&amp; &amp; JAPANESE DRAMA AND THE "RELIGION OF LOYALTY" Lafcadio Hearn. rF,o kill oneself at command,... a duty which no loyal samurai would havedreamed of calling in question... appears to us much less difficult thananother duty, also fully accepted : the sacrifice of children, wife, andhousehold for the sake of the lord.Much of Japanese popular tragedy is devoted to incidents of suchsacrifice made by retainers or dependents of daimyd,... men or womenwho gave their children to death in order to save the children of theirmasters. Nor have we any reason to suppose that the facts have beenexaggerated in these dramatic compositions, most of which are basedupon feudal history. The incidents, of course, have been rearranged andexpanded to meet theatrical requirements; but the general pictures thusgiven of the ancient society are probably even less, grim than the vani-Vshed reality. £? JZ&gt; &amp;-V .**■&gt; .•■'VThe people still love these tragedies: and the foreign critic of theirdramatic literature is wont to point out only the blood-spots, and tocomment upon them as evidence of a public for gory spectacles,... asproof of some innate ferocity in the race.JZ? Rather, I think, is this love of the old tragedy proof of what foreigncritics try always to ignore as much as possible,... the deeply religiouscharacter of the people. These plays continue to give' delight, notbecause of their horror, but because of their moral teaching, becauseof their exposition of the duty of sacrifice and courage, the religion ofloyalty. They represent the martyrdoms of feudal society for its noblest ideals. &amp; STAGE TERMINOLOGY by John Balance. H. M. W. in the Pall Mall Gazette. e hear a great deal nowadays about "producers" of plays."Indeed, the so-called "producer" of a play appears to be" regarded here and there as a far more important person" than the author. For instance, I saw street-posters"announcing "Bonita" on which the names of the author " and composer were given in very small type indeed, while that of the« " producer "... which Is a modern term for stage-manager...was printed'« in very large letters. On many of our theatre programmes it is consi- *' dered desirable to announce that the play is "produced" by So-and-so" meaning that it is stage-managed by So-and-so. Now, the verb "to"produce" means to bring forward, to offer to the view or notice, to" exhibit; it also means to make, to bring into being. Obviously, then," where a play on the stage is concerned, there are only two persons" who can be said to " produce " it...the author and the proprietor orft"tenant of the theatre who puts the piece upon the stage. It is an abuse"of terms to call a stage-manager a producer, justasitis to describe an"actor who impersonates a given character for the first time as the" " creator " of that character. It is curious to observe how the Stage,"Instead of correcting its loose terminology, not only continues to employ%" it, but adds to It." jz? &amp; &amp; 0 ven as the English Stage is waking up so is English Dra- matic Criticism rubbing its eyes. What our friend Mr. H.M. W. says above is very much to the point; we must get our terms in better order. &amp;us/ It was doubtless with this in view that has from time to time defined the meaning of the words "Drama", "Theatre"and so forth, for these words are used very wildly by critics. And now it Ispointed out that the words "Producer" and "Creator" are also usedby the theatre folk in a loose £? 0This is entirely true. The actor is not a "creator"; he is an interpreter.The man who directs the stage is seldom the man who, as It were, cooksand serves up the play. He merely attends to the many too many cooks who do their worst. This man should always be known as Stage-Director.But we rather believe that he who assists the dramatist by designingthe whole appearance of the play, by inventing the scenes, costumes,dances, and so forth, can claim to be a *' Producer", and yet the termis still not the right one, and he would do best to make use of the nameof "Stage-Director". We have in music the term "Musical Director''and it is well applied to such men as Nikisch or Sir Henry Wood : itwould be wrong to call them musical-producers. &amp; &amp; &amp;However, there will be a new term found soon for the man who shallcreate a drama without assistance from other artists (as for example, thedramatist and painter) but who shall employ none but craftsmen. j0At present it Is good to show no haste about the matter. For thesewordless play manufacturers are no creators; they are merely avid col- lectors of other people's suggestions, designs, tricks of colour, texture,sound and so forth, and these they shovel on to the stage and call itmlmo-drama."Sumurun " is a hotch-potch of the kind. " Rialon " is another. No- thing dazzles the eye like a patchwork quilt, and these so-called Mi mo-Dram as are dazzling for this reason. It is a cinematograph show longdrawn out, and not half so dramatic. Mimo-Drama Is an old thing... andmay be a very good thing... but as yet we have no example of a Mimo-Drama created by an artist. SOME FURTHER DEFINITIONS FROM AN 1825DICTIONARY Translated by Pierre Ramés. P. R. he French Theatrical Dictionary or Book of " Twelve"hundred and thirty three truths about the Directors," Regisseurs, Actors, Actresses and Employes of the va»"rious Theatres, with Confidences upon the production"of Illusion, Examination of the Dramatic Vocabulary, A *( Glance at the Material and Morals of the Performances, etc. etc." fromwhich these definitions and those which appeared in the October numberof The Mask are taken is by an anonymous writer who had evidentlya keen eye for the follies and foibles of the Theatre of his day,It Is regrettable that the flight of time, which sweeps away so manythings, has not swept some of these out of the Theatre ; but this littlebook remains unfortunately remarkably up-to-date and reflects certainphases of the Theatre as faithfully in 1911 as It did in 1825,... " But yet the pity of it, lago, O lago, the pity of it, lago "I £/ ADAPTER. &amp; If nature, in refusing to your mind all kind of capacity,has yet lodged in your heart the passion for renown ; if you have theidea of composing a piece without having an idea for that piece; if youfind more complacency in a committee for deciding whether or not a newplay be fit for representation than in your imagination, take, instead ofa pen, a pair of scissors, bravely attack a play by Moliere or by Favart,take from the principal situations those developments of which the authorhas believed them susceptible, shorten the explanation, simplify theintrigue, strangle the denouement; your play, composed In less than twohours, will be received with acclamation and acted with eagerness. Youwill get yourself called forward after the performance and you will goevery morning to receive from the cashier an author's fee double ortreble that which Moliere or Favart received in their life time. &amp; ASIDE. £? A ridiculous and necessary convention of the dramatic art; alittle monologue pronounced in a low voice ; that is to say, low enoughfor the public not to hear it and high enough for the interlocutor tohear it very well. Tartuffe is perhaps the only important character in our theatre who has not an aside to utter. Moli&amp;re did not think well toput the hypocrite in the presence of himself for one single moment: thenature of the confidences which he would have had to make to us wouldhave been moreover too odious to be supportable. DECEASE. Occasion of noise and scandal. A simple mechanic, a lime=light man, a box=opener passes without difficulty from the theatre to thecemetary. Talma, Mile. Mars, Madame Pasta, Mile. George will not enjoythis advantage. The actor Kean will be buried at Westminster beside hissovereign. DILETTANTE. This is almost a public employment today. A man whohas some fortune, and who is neither a bestower of offices, nor acounsellor of state, nor a gentleman of position nor eligible, purchasesadmission to the "Bouffes" and takes the title of Dilettante, tie then countsamong our aristocracy. He has the right of being cutting and of treatingas ignoramuses the poor people who only go to the "Feydeau" or to theOpera. He knows a hundred words of Italian which he introduces every- where : he says "la Pasta, la Mombelli: he dreams of nothing but Naplesand Milan and only speaks French to ask for his slippers. DISPUTE. These two enchanting women who bewitch you by theelegance of their manners and the propriety of their acting have thismorning exchanged in the foyer remarks of which the vocabulary of thehails would resent the exaggeration. It had to do with a role of sixtylines to which each of these ladies claimed to have exclusive rights. &amp; ESTIMABLE. &amp; Applied to talent, a synonym for mediocre. INTRIGUE. It presides at the reception of performances, at the grantingo'f turns for benefits, at the composition of comic and tragic lines ofbusiness. Sometimes it deprives a clever comedian of a comedy part togive It to a great tragedian, sometimes forbids Rossini to work for theOpera-Comique and gives him the monopoly of the "Bouffes" and GrandOpera. M. Cheron owes his influence to it, and without it Mme. Fodorwould still charm us by the inimitable purity of her delightful song. QUEUE. 0 Happy the author and the actor who have a hundred timesseen their name on the poster attract the public to the theatre and ahundred times seen the eager crowd form itself into an elongated queueunder the vestibule of the temple of Melpomene or of Thalia! The policerestrain the impatient who, weary of having made a queue for severalhours at the door of the theatre, clamour for the benches of the pit. RESIGNATION. Away of asking an increase of salary when one is, orwhen one believes oneself to be, indispensable to the prosperity of atheatre. Talma and Mile. Mars have offered their resignation twenty times.Devigny never took it into his head. &amp; &amp; ROLE. Character One must see this only ; the actor himself oughtalways to disappear. Mile. Mars as Hortense in " Ecole des VeillardsTalma, in Manlius, cause themselves to be forgotten by dint of talent.That is tiie acme of art. SENSIBILITY. A vulgar merit which one accords as compensation tothe actresses destitute of intelligence. It is less trouble to act with one'sthroat than with one's mind, easier to weep a part than to speak it. SNIVELLERS. The mania for snivelling Is familiar to the actresses ofthe rue de Richelieu. The friends of these ladies say that they have tearsIn the voice. Talma does not weep : he knows that one moves the spec*tator far more surely by a restrained sorrow than by a sorrow displayed. SOUL. &amp; Here, what energy ! what sentiment! what depth! what frenzy!what an ardent and passionate soul ! There, what dryness, what ice !what sterility! what cold calculations! what an arid soul! or, to put itbetter, what absense of soul! And of whom do I speak thus ? whom doI designate ? .... No, I designate no one, 1 name no one ; I am not in the mood to makeeither epigrams or madrigals : I cast a glance about me, 1 recall mymemories, and I see that ail men who have made a name for themselveshad the genius, the inspiration, the obsession, the, I don't know what,m short, which one calls soul. Ah yes, without doubt in art and in let=ters, the soul first, talent after. &amp; &amp; THE "SACRE RAPPRESENTAZIONI" OFFLORENCE. Some Notes upon their Origin andProduction by Dorothy Nevile Lees. From the Storia of Santa Margherita. From the Rappresentazione of Ottaviano. From the Rappresentazione of the Judgement of Solomon. From the Rappresentazione of St John the Baptist. From the Rappresentazione of St. Ursula. From the Rappresentazione of Saata Rosana. From the Storia of Lazarus, Martha and Mary From the Rapprtsentazione of St George. he sacred drama of the middle ages, that elder of all44 the modern theatre, was born in the church and of44 the church ". &amp; &amp; &amp;j£r These are the opening words of M. Eug&amp;neLintilhac's "Theatre serieux du Moyen Age"; while Mr.E. K. Chambers writes, 44 The dramatic tendencies of44 Christian worship declared themselves at an early "period. At least from the fourth century, the central and most solemn44 rite of that worship was the mass, an essentially dramatic commemo=44 ration of one of the most critical moments in the life of the Founder" (i).Both writers then proceed to show how around this central and fun»damentally dramatic point the primitive ritual was elaborated Into thoseearly plays which, even when passing from the altar itseif, and from theLatin to the vernacular, yet centred around the death and resurrectionof Christ as symbolised in the Mass. us?&amp; Thus the church was in those days itself the theatre of the people ;and. even before it was their theatre, it was their picture book : it was*where they went to see. And their great desire always was to see. Theywere all eyes and were best appealed to through those eyes. For all lifewas in those days a gaily=coloured picture and both the civil and eccle=siastical authorities spoke to the people through the eye, to delight orto warn, by processions and pageants and jousts and triumphs and publicexecutions, knowing that clear and simple minds are ever best appealedto by such means; that they want the abstract translated into theconcrete, the ideal visualised. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; And so all the churches were used as appeals to the eye, as a meansof instruction through It, and to that end the whole fabric was as anilluminated page whereon with brush and chisel the entire religioushistory was told. The Gothic facades with their unnumbered statuettes ofsaints and martyrs; the frescoed walls, the painted windows, the carved stalls, the sculptured columns and pulpets, the doors, the very pave*ments, (i) displayed pictorially the great truths and the great figures ofthe faith, and these figures became the continual guests of "the popularimagination, as familiar as the neighbours across the street. Therefore on the day when for the first time these grave and beautyful figures on the walls and in the windows seemed to descend in veryflesh to the floor of the church, moving their quiet limbs in humangesture, speaking with lips hitherto mute, and mingling the very speechof the people with the sacred Latin words, the holy fear and joy whichprepared men's souls to the essential dqgmatic truths, flooding them withthe awe or enchantment of its teaching, were carried to the highest pitch;the effect of the religious play was "to vivify the symbols and strengthenfaith by the unanimous witness of the senses" and the churches werefilled with crowds eager for the emotion and glow of holy things. £&gt;And all that the liturgical drama needed the church could itself supply.In the actual fabric the religious drama found a theatre, in the paintedwindows and walls, the gilded altars and carven stalls its scenery andstage; in the text of the sacred offices its dramatic scenario; in thepriests its authors and actors, in their vestments its costume, and In thepeople, eager to witness with their eyes that which they had heard withtheir ears and accepted in their hearts, an ideal public, eager in res=pOI?S0. J® jg? jg? jg? Jg/ JDBut although at first purely religious and marked by a dignifiedsobriety, too soon a secular influence began to make itself felt, until byand bye we find the exit of the plays from the churches to the street,and by degrees the entire substitution of the Latin by the vernacular.%The plays themselves, however, still continued religious in subject,although later they became profane In that they actualised what hadbefore been a dream, a vision, and by that actualization ceased to appealto the imagination and appealed only to the common sense. The drama,becoming "exactly like life", ceased to be a symbol of Life. It becameprofane because it profaned humanity, and it profaned humanity in thatit violated the holiest rights of that Imagination which Is in humanity. &amp; We find the artificial coming in at the time when the theatre wasdriven out of the church or revolted from the church, which seems tohave been between 1300 and 1400, a period when the sterner nobler44 Representation " of the older religious drama was already beingcorrupted, and affectations of all kinds were beginning rapidly tospread.The church Itself was by that time in its decline, and, whereas theearlier plays show talent without vulgarity, this too soon gives place tothe reverse. JZ? ■£?&amp; The whole church began to perceive that there were little passagesin the ritual which lent themselves to mockery, and the actors, (thevulgar ones), desired to have more scene, more talk, more of everything atall costs; greater elaboration and greater artificiality crept in togetherwith licence and vulgarity, and symbolism gave way to an attemptedrealism, until at last art was poisoned by democracy, and, between 1400and 1550 the entire vulgarization of the religious play was the result,the Church losing its Drama and the Theatre its Religion. &amp;This mistaken desire for " more " of everything soon influenced everydetail of the performances, from the words spoken to the scenery used,from the costumes to the number of actors employed ; for whereas inthe Mass itself, the earliest form of religious drama there hadbeen but the one symbolic figure, the celebrant, with his attendantpriests and acolytes, between 1100 and 1300 twenty or thirty actorswere usual in a company, while between 1400 and 1500, unable anylonger to accomplish their ends with simple means the players increasedto between three and fine hundred ; in fact, as Magnln says, " almost" half the inhabitants of a city set themselves to delight and edify the" souls of the other half. "&amp; In Florence this form of pleasure was received enthusiastically. "Ifthe laud ", writes Philippe Monnier, 44 is a complaint or a cry and if the&lt;4 sermon is an emotion, the Sacra Rappresentazione is a fSte ", andthere is abundant evidence of the truth of what he says. ln those early days, however, the plays must not be classified asamusement In our modern sense of the word, which is usually noise andvulgarity. Rather than amusement, the plays gave the audience pleasure; in fact, as has been aptly said, 44 the medloeval drama made the peopleglow but did not make them guffaw. Although often grouped together under the comprehensive title of" Sacre Rappresentazloni ", these plays had many other names, each, asa rule, peculiar to a particular type. Sometimes the performance is calleda 44 Pesta ", sometimes a 44 Storla ", or a 44 Vangelo ", or a 44 Figura " oran 44 Esempioat times, (and especially when the action has a symbolicmeaning, it is a 44 Mystery " ; while those representations which showedthe constancy of saints and martyrs were known as 44 Passione" or44 Martlrlo" or 44 Miracolo," &amp;The scenarios were based usually upon the Bible stories or Legendsof the Saints, and among those who composed the plays or adapted theold stories to the stage are to be found all sorts and conditions of people.,,poets, priests, pious burghers, devout women: Lorenzo dei Medici himself,and Feo Belcari and Castellano Castellani; the Pulci brothers andTommaso Bencl and the nun Annalena and many more. By far themajority were, however, anonymous, the writers caring less for theirauthorship than for the results tojbe obtained ; less that they themselvesshould reap poetic laurels than that the people should gather therefromspiritual fruit.£? And, after all, what else could the people do? 0£&gt; Therein they saw things familiar and beloved. They saw the figuresso long familiar upon cloister walls and in street shrines and in thegreat illuminated missals on the church lecterns, but all charged withlife and endowed with speech and movement: saw the blonde Madonnas,the slim and nimble angels, the tranquil virgins and magnificent Magimove and walk and eat and go on journeys and laugh and weep anddance and marry and have children before their very eyes. &amp;&amp; It was as though the pictures of the Nativities and Annunciations andAdorations and Lives of the Saints in the frescoes of Qiotto and theGaddi, in the panels and predellas of Fra Angelico, in the bronze doorsof Niccolo Pisano, in the sculptured groups of the tabernacle of Orcagnaand around the base of Giotto's tower had come to life; and, gazing onthem and loving them, seeing goodness so rewarded and wickednesscondemned, the people 44 filled its eyes, its ears, its memory, Its mind, " its heart, with noble lessons, with pure forms, with tender examples-," with memories of piety, of goodness, of consoling fervour. " and, 44 At44 the same time at the theatre and at church, " 44 it is at once edified"and amused; it takes pleasure in accomplishing a pious exercise; it" delights in working for its salvation." (i) &amp;zz? The usual place for the representation was a church, the audiencebeing assembled in the nave and a stage erected along the screen whichdivides that part of the building from the choir and transepts; but attimes they were held in a convent refectory, on a public piazza, or insome field belonging to the Confraternity by which the piece wasplayed.Performed only upon Feast days or to celebrate the visit of someillustrious guest, the hour was generally between vespers and dark, asis indicated by such words as 44 No more, for night comes on " whichare found in the epilogues of many of the plays ; and the day-lightperformances (which we know sometimes extended to several days), inarenas and open places were of later date. (2)The time being come, the people assembled, and when, as AbrahamBishop of Souzdal, who visited Italy in 1439, describes, " a great silencereigned in the crowded church", the play began with an " Annunciation "spoken by an angel and setting forth the subject in simple words. Sometimes,as in the 44 Invention of the Cross ", this is developed into a Dialogue,while in the 44 Miracle of Mary Magdalene " two youths, 44 the devoutMark " and 44 the dissolute Thomas ", not only speak together at thebeginning and end of the play but also in the Intervals, taking the partof a Greek Chorus and expressing the sentiments which the actionproduces in them. The performance usually ended with a Tedeum or aLaud, 44 which was almost like the final seal which confirmed the devout44 character of the spectacle and supported the idea that pleasure was not44 legitimate unless accompanied by sentiments of piety ".&amp; The actors were youths, generally belonging to one of the confrater- nities, evidence of their youth being found in the Prologues of many of the plays, such as " St John and St Paul ", where the announcing angelsays: **We are but boys, therefore excuse our tender age ". They wereknown as the " Voices" and were under the absolute control of a" Festaiuolo " or Stage Director. &amp; At that time no women took part in the performances, the actorChecchinl noting in 1621 that it was since "scarcely fifty years" that womenhad appeared on the stage. Indeed, in the " Sacre Rappresentazloni " itwould have been considered the greatest scandal to mix youths and girls%together, and all women's parts were taken by boys, who, " dressed inrich female robes " " resembled very well to the Virgin Mary or toany other virgin.... or matron.... required. &amp; &amp; &amp;As for the characters we find represented, they are infinitely varied,for since the action Includes all earth and hell and heaven, so thepersonalities of all three are introduced. The Three Persons of theTrinity and the hierarchy of heaven are revealed to the delighted won- dering eyes of the spectators, as are archangels and angels and martyrsand virgins and prophets and saints. JZ? ■ JZ? &amp;&amp; God the Father is, it is true, more often represented by a mysteriousvoice from above than visibly revealed, though at times he is shown as" a great king, who sits upon a most excellent throne, with a benign,compassionate and patient face ". On these latter occasions he is gene- rally a silent vision, proving how wisely " the authors of the sacreddrama preferred a majestic silence to words which must always be" inadequate JZ? &amp;His Son, on the other hand, appears frequently, and takes moreintimate part in the action and dialogue, as does the Virgin Mary,while angels are busy most of the time executing divine errands, whetherit be accompanying Tobit on his journey, or announcing the birth ofChrist, or descending to Jacob in a dream, or bringing to St Agnese,stripped naked by the executioner, 45 a white dress painted with sunsor restoring to St Uliva the two little white hands which, because theirbeauty excited the desire of her father the Emperor, she has voluntarily...and miraculously herself cut off. JZ? JZ? JZ? &amp;&amp; The Devil also appears frequently, but takes many forms, the betterto deceive; presenting himself to St Eufrasia In the image of her husband, to St Agnese as a negro, to St Margaret as a dragon and to St Onofrioas a hermit.&amp; Besides these supreme figures there are all the human characters*crowding the stage with every type of contemporary life and with anyfigure, legendary or historical, from the creation of Adam onwards, whichhappens to appeal to the author's taste. &amp; &amp; &amp;£/ There are all the beautiful and tender or heroic figures of the saint- ly legends ; benevolent and gracious and courtly and civil, full of faithand works; a worthy example to set before the folk. JZ?jZ? There is Madonna Uliva sewing and singing in her chamber surroundedby her maidens; there is St. Barbara who, shut up in her tower withbut two windows, pierces a third in honour of the Holy Trinity; thereis St Margaret the pagan, so eager for baptism that it seems to her athousand years until she may obtain this boon, and exclaiming later,in the flames of martyrdom, "Now become I of better condition as goldwhich, in the fire, is made more perfect". There Is St George slayingthe dragon and St Christopher bending his great strength to the serviceof a little child, and Abraham, rising in haste and without staying toargue, to slay his only son. &amp; •£? &amp; &amp; &amp;£? They are all gracious and polite and quickly obedient and all uttersuch sweet and courteous and burning words as are the natural fruit ofreligion and inspire the people to like words and acts.^£? Then there are the more earthly folk, drawn from every nation andfrom every walk of \\IQ.JZ?£/ There are Hebrews or Asyrians or Egyptians or Romans or Floren- tines. There are Popes and Cardinals and Bishops and priests andfriars. There are Emperors and Kings and courtiers and courtesans andjudges and patriarchs and great ladies and astrologers; There are doctors*whose practices are made the occasion for many a jest, and soldiers,drunken, blustering, boastful, having already something of the bravadowhich is to characterise the " Capitano " of a later date. There arecavaliers and citizens and merchants and couriers and heralds andexecutioners and robbers and dwarfs and midwives and nurses andnotaries. There are the shepherds with their poor gifts for the littleJesus,... six apples and some cheese; and inn-keepers and weavers and peasants to the life, just as they sweat in the fields and shout in themarket-place, it being as a rule on these humbler folk, on theirquarrels and brawls and rough jests • • ••• that the comic element of theplays depends.&amp; No anachronisms trouble either playwrights or actors. All kinds ofpeople are crowded together on the stage. Donateilo excuses himself tothe messenger of Nebuchadnezzar and regrets that he cannot oblige himwith a golden statue, being too much occupied upon the Prato pulpet,and Pharoah swears by the gods of Greece, and the heroes of the OldTestament show themselves well acquainted with the most popularFlorentine Inns. &amp; £f&amp; As for the costumes worn, these would be in the earliest times thevestments of the officiating priests as they moved about the altar, „..thealbs of fine linen, the copes worked in silk and gold, the jewelled stoles.Later on they doubtless displayed that mixture of the contemporary andthe imaginative which is seen in the paintings of Fra Angelico and theother artists of the day.£/ Indeed, again and again in the descriptions of eye witnesses occursuch phrases as: "the apostles go barefoot as they are seen in holypictures " ; or " the angel is a beautiful youth, dressed in a robe white assnow, adorned with gold, exactly as are seen painted the angels ofheaven ".In some cases details of the costumes are given, as when It is statedthat Jacob is seen 44 asleep on certain stones, dressed in costly furs slungacross his shoulder, with a thin shirt of fine linen ; beneath, cloth-of- silver stockings, and fair buskins on his feet, and in his hand a giltwand ": or when it is directed that the Prophets wear 44 long beardsand disordered hair, with little circlets of gold upon their headsand44 are dressed simply in long shirts, full and white, with a belt, and ascarlet band from the right shoulder to the left thigh : " or that theangel be clothed 44 in fair white linen painted with suns " or, (as in aStage Direction in 4' Santa Uliva",) that there 44 appear many nakedwomen, (or rather clothed In flesh-coloured linen), " although evidenceis not lacking that actual nakedness was at times admitted on thestage. j£r jg? &amp; AS has been said, the characters included any or all the inhabitantsof earth and hell and heaven, and In like manner the Scene in whichthey played their parts was made to represent all three. It was Italy orEngland or Palestine or Egypt. It showed Pharoah on his throne orLazarus on his doorstep; it was the lake where St George slew the dra- gon or it was the sea laden with the ships in which St Ursula and herten thousand virgins sailed to Rome. It was Santa Rosana's garden orSanta Barbara's tower. It was a forest or a desert or a battle-field or«an inn. There were rivers and bridges and palaces and prisons and bedchambers and courts of justice and farmyards and streets. Sometimesheaven opened in a blaze of glory; sometimes hell opened in a belch of*flame and smoke. Certainly, no one had a moment in which to be bored.u® As for the structure and technical arrangement of the stage, a goodidea of it is conveyed in such old pictures as Jean Fouquet's "Martyrdomof St Apollonia" and in the many little compartments of the oldreredoses. (1) J® J® J® J® J® J® J® J®J® Built up like shelves at the back, each scene was set in a small compart- ment of its own, and when Joseph's brothers arose in one compartmentand expressed their intention of going down into Egypt, the imaginationof the audience, and usually a musical interlude, supplied the just inter- val before they appeared in another compartment and were met byJoseph at their journey's end. j® j®j® The flat platform in front was common ground where the greaterpart of the action and dialogue took place; above was heaven, and beneaththe infernal regions communicated with by trap-doors. J® J®j® The characters, when not actively employed, usually remained seatedin their compartments, and on entering generally took a seat beforethey spoke, since speaking immediately upon entry was employed toconvey an impression of haste, as in the case of the Announcing Angel.They usually, however, rose from their seats before speaking, to speakseated being a sign of dignity reserved for great personnages. j®J® In many cases the directions given in the play books are most precise,as when the executioner, having cut off the head of John the Baptistand put it in a basin, is instructed to " wait while the soul passes into Limbo and recites a stanza "; but sometimes it is left to the discretionof the actor to improvise for himself 44 such honourable and holy acts asshall be fitting to such a part &amp; &amp;jgr when it came to the properties and stage machines, no difficultiesdisconcerted those 44 festival artists" of Florence, who included suchmen as il Cecca and Filippo Brunelleschi himself, The plays were full of action, full of things to see, and all descriptionsgo to prove that the spectacle was the principle part and that " thewords only served to determine the historical significance , Indeed,stage directions and old chronicles and the diaries of eye witnesses aliketestify to the marvels to be seen. &amp;Their variety is infinite; their ingenuity amazing, JZ? &amp;&amp; There are celestial visitations. Thunder Is heard, the heaven opens,and 44 one sees the celestial Father suspended in the air in miraculous44 manner, surrounded by a dazzling light which is diffused by innume- -44 rable lights. " He 44 descends upon a Nuvola, (i), very beautiful, andIngeniously made, with attendant angels, " and the souls of the righteous,John the Baptist and St Ursula with her virgin companions and those otherblessed ones, ascend in their turn. The wicked go down quick into aflaming mouth of hell. There are Nativities garlanded with singing angelswhich rotate on metal discs ; there are Transfigurations, when "Jesus shallbe upon the mountain ", and " let there be a clean basin, that causes««the splendour of the sun that shines in the basin to come on Jesus44 and his disciples. And then let Jesus let fall his vermilion robe and44 remain in a white vestment. And if the sun should not be shining44 have some torch or other light. "There are angels despatched on messages from God, dressed in snow=white robes adorned with gold, who 44 descend, singing softly and holdingin the hand a little branch", having behind them 44 two pulleys, invisible44 from beneath because of the distance, and two ropes run upon these44 wheels, while some unseen persons who are above, by means of a very44 thin rope, make the angel to descend and reascend. " £7 &lt;0&amp; There are descents of the Holy Ghost and there are Last Judgements,for the scenic setting of which we perhaps get some Idea from Fra Angelico's trap=door=like little tombs from which the dead arise.0 Then besides these supernatural scenes there are the more worldlyones. There are joustings and street triumphs and banquets. 44 if youwish " says a stage direction relative to the marriage feast in 44 SantaUliva a play which lasted two days, "to beguile the weariness caused44 by the length of the show, then you shall give them (the audience) a44 share in these bridals by providing a general banquet; but If you44 misllke the expense, then entertain the players only ". &amp; 00 There are battles. In Judith 44 The Assyrians make a great charge44 against those of the city with bows and arrows and arquebuses, and44 the Hebrews defend themselves manfully, and, the battle ended, each44 retifrns to his pavilion&amp;There are mechanical animals, not merely constructed for show butmade to act and move. ■£/£/In 44Santa Cristina" two large serpents which a charmer incites againsther approach and 44 lick her, almost adoring her "; then turning uponthe magician himself, bite him so that he fails screaming to the ground.In St George, the Dragon is 44 Beside a lake, and from its mouth belches44 fire and sulpher, and it carries away children and sheep and devours44 them Then 44 It comes forth little by little, and St George, setting44 his lance in rest, suddenly spurs his horse and wounds the dragon. "In 44 St Ignazlo " two lions 44 rush upon him and choke him ". San Rossoreis thrown 44 into the den of lions and leopards and bears, who all lickhim ", while in 44 St Onofrio " come two Hons which first "dig a grave",and then 44 take that body, one by the head and the other by the feetand 44 bury it In that grave ". 0There was music, too, to be arranged for, and singing, and dancing,all dear to the people's In 44 Santa Cristina " 44 some maidens go by singing a pretty laud ".In 44 Jacob " we learn that 44 while he slept heaven opened and sevenangels appeared, seated upon clouds " and 44 making a most pleasantnoise with horns, greater and lesser viols, lutes and organs , and thereare not lacking 44 children with flutes, citherns and bells. 0 0&amp; In 44 Santa Uliva " it is with music that they fill up the Intervals necessary for the scenic arrangement of a joust, for a cavalier to makea long journey, for a lengthy auricular confession to be concluded andfor the heroine to be richly adorned. In 44 Abraham and Isaac " 44theydance, singing a laud ", and in " San Rossore " " a banquet is given andthey dance and sing and play&amp;&amp; They sing not only Latin psalms or lauds in the vulgar tongue, buteven profane songs,.... hunting songs and love songs and beggars' songsand soldiers' songs, the choice being sometimes left to the actor himself,with merely the caution that it be 44 a proposito" to the scene andsense. &amp; jg? besides the gay scenes there are the terrible ones: the castinginto hell of the lost souls, the martyrdoms of the gallant youths, thelittle flower-like virgins, who go to their death so serenely, passingthrough fire and water and tortures inconceivable until at last, underthe executioner's sword, their souls, as new born babes, are carried upupon a 44 Nuvola " into the opened heaven. &amp;And lf the mere reading of such things in the Lives of the Saints,or hearing them from the lips of the 44 cantastoria " was enough to stirthe hearts of the people, what must have been the impression causedwhen, with ail accuracy and circumstantial detail, the preparationsand the pangs of martyrdom were set before their eyes and all thevarious modes of torture carefully represented ? &amp;&amp; For in these oid plays nothing is spared the audience, eager for emotions.In fact the martyrdom of St Ippolito, tortured in a hundred ways, is theonly one which we are told 44 is not seen " upon the stage. All the restare shown to the last detail. St Agnes, cast into the flames, remainsunharmed 44 like a salamander " and dies only when her throat is cut. StApollonia has her teeth broken and is beheaded. St Catherine is tormentedbetween two wheels. St Cristina, torn with sharp hooks and thrown intoa burning cauldron, yet survives ; they put a stone round her neck andLing her into the water but she is again miraculously saved ; so theytorture her yet more horribly, and at last, of a final knife thrust,she dies.&amp; It is all very wonderful, but the Stage Directions of the old play booksgive some idea as to how all may have been accomplished and an im= pressive result obtained at very little pains.&amp; For the final decapitations puppets were substituted for the livingpersonnages, as can be deduced for all similar cases from the StageDirection in " Santa Cristina " where, after the executioner has orderedher to bend her head " one must change to the counterfeitand fromthat in "Sant'Apollonia" which says " Several women weep over" Sant'Apollonia, and one of them takes her under her mantle, another" puts there a counterfeit which resembles Sant'Apollonia and the" executioner cuts off its head ": and another writer, (i) drawing thesame conclusions, declares that he holds it permissible to believe "that"St Agatha, St Cristina, St Ippolito, St Lorenzo and the rest of the" most glorious martyrs and confessors were wonderful puppets and" marionettes, substituted in that moment for the actors, and so truth- " fully simulating the human effigy as to arouse the universal terror,"and emotion." and elsewhere he adds, "I believe that many of the" personnages set in the highest compartments, and especially those" elevated up there as visions and in no way participators in the action," were only figures of people, puppets constructed with great skill in" some less heavy material, and so constructed and posed as to produce" the most perfect illusions ". As for the cases such as flagellations, wherethe parts were really played by flesh-and-blood actors, we know,from the Umbrian " Devotion " of Good Friday that it was enough tostrike" a little devoutly", trusting that the imagination of the audiencewould magnify that little and Imagine something far more violent, whileas for blood, It was easily simulated, and flames either painted, or realones mixed discreetly with the false.Such, then, were a few of the wonders which the "Festaiuolo" or stagemagician caused to appear before the people's eyes, though, as can beimagined, with all the life of earth and heaven to draw from, all theGospel story and Lives of the Saints and legends of heroes, the varie- ty was infinite ; there was never a dull moment from first to last. susceptible to all beauty, glowed with fervour and devotion. They adoredthe baby Jesus and his mother, they were awed by the appearances of God the Father; they wept with pity and admiration over the sufferingsof the martyrs ; they were moved to an infinite tenderness for all thelittle virgins: for, whatever the Humanistic influence might have beenupon the scholars, the soul of the populace itself remained as naieve asa spring morning, full of freshness and fervour, eager and credulous anddevout. And all these beautiful sights, these courageous examples, thesevisions of a spiritual world, do not, when set before an audience, onlyentertain; they educate; they do not merely delight the senses; theyedify the soul.In this the twentieth century may be at one with the fifteenth, andthough in actual form the Sacre Rappresentazioni were peculiar to theirown age, that spirit which vlvfied them may be renewed in any age....an eager spirit which reaches out from the material towards the ideal,and dies only when the ideal is vulgarized, forgotten, and crushed beneaththe weight of the real. J£/" Too much matter " wrote Victor Hugo, " is the evil of our day ".He might well have added 44 and is the evil of our theatre " Hence ", he44 continues, 44 a certain dulness. It is necessary to restore some ideal in44 the human mind For, 44 by that means, while curing the illness for44 the moment, you will establish for ever the health of the human44 mind. You will cure the middle class and found the people. " (1) 44 The Mediaeval Stage " vol : II 3. (1) As in the Duomo at Sieaa. (1) Philippe Monnie\ 14 Le Quattrocento. " Vol; II page 217.(2) D'Ancona. •• Origini del Teatro Italia no " A most valuable work upon the whole subject, to which 1 ammuch indebted. (I) See The Mask. Vol. 111. pg. 1-4 (1) See the description of a " Nuvola ' at the end of this article. (i) Yorick, (P. Ferrifni) " Storia dei Burattiai Florence 1884, THE "NUVOLE" OR CLOUDS. An Extract fromthe Life of If Cecca by Giorgio Vasari. From the Rappresentazione of the Annunciation. especting the Clouds, which were made of various kindsand with different inventions by the several Brotherhoods,they were generally managed in the following manner:jZ? A square frame was made of planks about two braccihigh, with four strong legs at the angles, which were bound fast together beneath after the manner of trestles; across this\frame were laid two planks, each one braccia wide, and having an ope- ning in the centre, half a braccia in diameter, from which arose an upright pole supporting a Mandorla, or Glory, entirely covered with cottonwool, amidst which were angels, lights and other ornaments. In this therewas an iron fixed across, whereon was placed, seated or standing, as wasdesired, a person who represented that saint whom the BrotherhoodIn question principally honoured as their advocate and protector; whetherit were the Saviour, the Madonna, St John, or any other Saint, the vest- ments of the figure concealing the iron in such sort that it was not seen.To the pole which supported the Mandorla were fastened four ormore iron bars, serving in the manner of branches to a tree; they werefixed around and beneath the Mandorla, and to these irons were securedlittle children clothed to represent angels, who were free to move at_their pleasure on the bracket supporting their feet, which was formedwith hinges in a manner suited to that end. &amp;By means of such branches three or four circles of angels or of saintsaccording to the subject represented, were occasionally exhibited. &amp;The whole of this structure, which sometimes represented a Lily, som=%times a Tree, but most frequently a Cloud or something similar, was con- cealed by the cotton wool, and was occupied, as we have before seen, bycherubim, seraphim, etc, or covered with gold stars and other ornaments,&amp; The stairs for ascending these structures and every other part beingcovered, as we have said above, with cotton-wool, a very good effect wasproduced, and all these contrivances were called "Nuvole". (Clouds). LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. FOLK ART IN ENGLAND. Reginald R. Buckley. Sir,npo the October number of The Mask Mr Felix Urban contributed anarticle based on a portion of •• The [Shakespeare Revival a bookwhich was noticed briefly in the [same issue. The writers of the bookwere accused of " faking " the national art. The word " fake " is aninelegant term, and the nature of the deed was set out bj Mr Urban asa propaganda of " sociologists " and wealthy patrons, resulting in Lthemore or less dutiful dancing of the Morris, the Country Dance, and theSword Dance before a crowd of admiring mediocrities who, presumablywould exclaim: " The dear creatures! Are they not quaint ? Won'tthe vicar be delighted ? " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Unhappily Mr Felix Urban had not spent much time in the parksand c!ub=rooms of Northern England, or, say, at Earsdon where thepitmen dance or at Flamborough where the .fishermen look upon thiskind of work as Expression. &amp; £&gt;&amp; Indeed Mr Urban not only denies that [we, the abettors of thesepractices, know anything about the Folk, but asserts that we do notknow the secret of this energetic procedure. The secret, Mr Urban, isquite open, and I thought universally accepted. Rhythm, colour, sex,are the three words which I should say lie behind all Art that is not a...." fake ", shall we say r?In the case of the Northern Sword Dances... not Scottish variety...there comes the sacrificial element, and its absence, (today I admit,)tends to limit this particular form to "athletics". Perhaps with Mr Urban'shelp we can free the people a little more from the qualities of modernlife which lie heavily upon our limbs. In that sense we are " sociologists ", though a sociologist proper isnot a dancing animal. Let the dancers once more take their proper place,not only Dance but the larger Dance that is the Drama will grow. Themodern soil is not contaminated by industrialism. Indeed I should saythat bad art, rather than crude industrialism, is responsible for theabsurd necessity of fighting about such matters. &amp;" Ireland is more fortunate," says Mr Urban. In so far as Mr Urban understands Ireiand this is true. And It may be through my ownwriting that he has so misunderstood Miss Neal's contribution to thevolume. I have said several nasty things about modern civilisedlife.£? Like every other artist I am a sociologist to the extent of wishing todestroy a great deal which to the bone»headed man is precious.But I protest against the calm assumption that present day city lifehas killed the Soul of Man. It has not killed mine, and I see the Polkunder strange disguises, and regard Civilisation as a pageant, whichhas been seen rather too many times. From Death comes Resurrectionin Art as in all else. Despair may lurk in the wan coteries, but we neednot tell the Morris Men that'rhythm and colour and sex are there, itwould be their turn to keep the fiddler to the tune, and the artist awayfrom sociology.£? Machinery has not killed rhythm, nor has smoke blotted out colour,nor is the human race extinct. So there is hope for Art. It is just fromsome such club as the Esperance Guild that the best pupils of the CraigSchool will come. For the general run of town children and young mendo not easily mix with the more vital spirits of the age.Perhaps the most convincing thing that I can say Is that 1 agreewith every word of Mr Urban's article as applied to some dreadfulphantom of Art in the grips of Learning or some other enemy. Butapplied to the reality of creative and re-creative art in England it Is outof relation to fact. JZ? JZ? JZ? JZ? JZ? TZ?£? Had those remarks appeared in the daily press 1 should not havereplied for, apart from the opinions of a few of the journals, theiropposition is not a thing of great worth. But an article in The Maskcarries a weight which cannot be ignored. I have been condemned asa 44 sociologist " conspiring with wealthy patrons to exploit the simplerustic. Whereas in truth I am a poet, digging in the field of journalismmy colleagues being hardworkers and creators also. I enjoy the fightvery much, and, as there is no law of libel against those who laugh at ournot wholly pleasant word 44 Revival ", the reader may with your courtesynow judge between two opposed statements of the same facts. Mr. FELIXURBAN'S REPLY Felix Urban. In 44 The Shakespeare Revival the book about which I wrote, MrBuckley is unfair to the Folk Art which he tells us is flourishing inEngland, for Mr Buckley might have made us feel and so understandthat the Folk were really at play once more, whereas he created is usentirely the opposite impression. It is not of great importance, but sinceMr Buckley has evidently the best will in the world to make thingsclear, it is a pity that he did not wait for a few more years, beforeproducing a book which could thoroughly represent the movement.Such a book should, as 1 have said, make us feel. Probably some daysuch a book will be written, but a poet must be generous to do this.Mr Buckley tells us he is a poet;.... well then.... THE RUSSIAN BALLET. Heathfield Lodge, Hampstead Heath, N. W. Yours faithfullyGeorge Calderon. Sir,In your article on the Russian Ballet, among many stupid things, thereis one so overwhelmingly stupid that the rest don't matter : and thatis the use of the words " stealing ", " fraud ", and " kleptomania " inspeaking of the lessons which the Russian dancers have learnt fromIsadora Duncan. When the Russians saw that she danced better thanthemselves, what on earth did you expect them to do ? To go on dancingbadly, and not try to improve by the methods she showed them ? Isthat what is done in other arts? Is it " stealing " if a painter or anr -author pursues a road opened up by his predecessor ? In that case allSchools of artists (the history of painting and literature is founded onthe assumption of continuous influence) are merely dens of thieves.Millais or Holman Hunt or somebody was the only Pre-Raphaelite ; therest were thieves. Oauguin or Matisse or somebody was the only Post- impressionist ; the rest were thieves. Craig is a thief, because he hascribbed his lighting from the barn-theatre, where they hang stable-lanternson hooks; and all his intending pupils had better go and give themselvesup to the police at once.%This John Balance seems to be a most unbalanced person. (It is plain from his article, by the bye, that he has never been to Covent Gardenat all to see the 44 weary group pf Londoners " propping their jadedeyelids open to peer at the dismal old doings on the stage). Does heallege that the Russians have mastered the principles of Isadora Duncan'sdancing, or does he allege that they have merely pinched a wheeze ortwo ?In one sentence he says that they have taken 44 a few tricks "; inanother he says that for seven years, since she first danced in StPetersberg, they have been studying 44 the weak and tender line won bynon-resistance " (whatever that may mean) which •'the great American "was the first to demonstrate. A trick or two after seven years was poorstealing !But, gracious Nature! (our Mother, as John Balance says), has Isadora%Duncan a copyright in 44 weak and fender " lines ? Has she appropriated awhole sphere of attitudes and gestures for her very own? And must theyperish when she dies, on pain of hue and cry ? or will she leave themto someone in her will ? &amp; &amp; &amp; £? &amp; &amp;The Ballet has all human movements for its sphere, Duncan or noDuncan, and the first man who jumped in the air or stood on his head&gt;s not going to call 'Police!' out of his grave. There never was and nevercan be 'theft' in gesture. I have never seen Isadora Duncan dance, butI'll wager that her range of gesture does not cover one- twentieth partof the range of the Russian ballet. What have any of those Egyptian dan- ces to do with her? Carnaval? Scheherazade? Prince Igor? what wouldshe make of Harlequin, or Pierrot, or a Polovtsian warrior? If she seesthe Article, I think she will write herself to say how stupid it is. , Mr JOHN BALANCE REPLY John Balance. 7y|r George Calderon is an Englishman ; hence his enthusiasm for theRussian-Tartar-French dancers who have invaded London lately. Heis not content with saying that these ladies and gentlemen are magni- icent and that the English speaking race are better dancers; he goescrazy with delight rather than enquire. Note what he says; " 1 have never seen Isadora Duncan dance and then with blind Russophobia he" wagers" that she can't dance.What can be said in reply to so charmiug, so childish a being ? Merelythis: that he is almost as rash and prejudiced as some of our friendson the staff of The Mask, but that he really need not be careless.*&amp; For instance when he asks " what would Miss Duncan make of Har=Sequin, Pierrot or a Polovtsian warrior we have no reply to make: wecan only make a speechless if somewhat tickled appeal to those who arestudents of the greatest dancing and we know that their reply will bean equally silent one.I wonder if Mr Calderon always goes about bumping into people whoare seriously at work and excusing himself on the ground of his Ignorance ?I cannot think that that kind of thing leads anywhere, for there Is somuch to learn for the great artists of today and if some resistance fromthe enquirer is healthy, a great deal too much of it may easily bemistaken for Ignorance and boorishness. £? BOOK REVIEWS. FAMILY LETTERS OF RICHARDIVAONER Translated by WilliamAshton Ellis. Macmillan. Pricethree shillings and sixpence, net.Two years ago Mr Ellis translatedRichard Wagner's letters to hisfirst wife," Minna Now he followsthese with letters to his near rela- tions and connections written be- tween 1832 and 1874. &amp;JS? Mr Ellis himself gives preferenceto this latter series in the matterof self-portraiture, since, as he says,they display the writer to us "In"the most levelling of human rela- " lions, that of the member of a" large family conclave, and youngestbut one of a numerous middle-class" brood "; a position effectuallyprohibiting " attitudinising " andthus the more likely to present " apicture of the naked human spiritin the direct and most neutral oflights". x? Certainly these Letters do throwa most interesting light upon thecircumstances and environment Inwhich Wagner made that longstruggle which was only towardsthe end of his life crowned withsuccess ; reveal to us much that isilluminating relative to the helpsand hindrances with which he metin the intimate relations of his life.But perhaps here as in the Livesand Letters of so many great men,...Ibsen and many others.... there isnothing more striking than theevidence, again and again repeated,of the appalling lack of money whichcrippled the activities of the artistby the necessities of the man, theamount of force which should, forthe sake of the world, have beeneconomised for creative work, whichis wasted and frittered In the pres- sing perplexities as to how to paythe butcher and the baker, how to keep a roof overhead and a soleunder foot. &amp; &amp; &amp;To give but one or two specimenpassages: £/&amp;In July 1854 Wagner writes;«Sundry pressing debts (unpaid" accounts) are now becoming sucha bugbear to me that I'm almost44 ashamed to go out. " He turns tofriend after friend for a loan to tidehim over his difficulties. One, hereports, 44 cannot lay hands on afarthing of cash another, Listz," who previously helped me fromwithout, Is in a great quandaryhimself ". A third 44 has hideouslydelayed his answer, and writesme at last today that he knowsof none " who can help. &amp; Hear him again, in July of anotheryear, " prepared to give a grandconcert at Leipzig in February " ifDr X " will put an end to my atro=cious plight by an immediate advanceof 1000 thlr. " &amp; "Tell him" he writes entreating- ly to his niece Franzlska Ritter," what the Rltters did for me for44 so long and how sorry you all are" to be unable to do anything more." In short, don't flinch : he !" Should the height of the sum" prove an obstacle, lower it to 60044 thaler if need be.... At the very44 worst X must lend me 300 thlr,.. «4 Now look sharp I I had a sleepless44 night, and this solution suddenly" occurred to me as so simple... but44you alone can work it. Please «' telegraph me the result (discreetly44 worded) immediately to Blelrich.44 I hope for that despatch, let's say,44 tomorrow... Tuesday... noon. " &amp;...And so it goes 0n,... and so itstill goes on today. It is all so muchsheer waste. The artist has to sitaside, suspend his activity, whilethe insufficiently developed man-of- affairs in him tries to make bothends meet. Nations have a poorsense of values, an extraordinaryblindness where their best interestsare concerned. They act as If theArtist could create without material.They hamper him for the best part of his life instead of husbandingevery atom of his strength; theyexpect Psyche, the creative soul, toknit her brows over an accountbook: they set Pegasus to push theplough : they oblige their artist tooccupy himself with a million pettycares and duties which any man ina million could do as well, ...and hisown work, which no other in amillion could do, goes undone thewhile.It was so in the past; it is so inthe present; is it to be so also inthe future ? Will England never awaken ? While she sleeps she loses,for the artists go their way and theworld is left the poorer, since nations,like individuals, do not live by breadalone but by that beauty which onlythe artist creates or reveals.Surely then, we are blind If wewlthold our little material things fromthose who give us ideal ones ; if we donot, for our own sake and our owninterests if for no other reason, setfree from material anxieties thosewho nourish and delight our souls. THE WOMEN OFSHA KESPEA REby Frank Harris- Priceseven shillings and sixpence net.Harris has here once morethrown down the gauntlet to theprofessional critics.... the " manda- rins " as he calls them, and haspursued his quarry, "The DarkLady ", Mary Fitton, through all thewritings of Shakespeare from theearliest Sonnet to the latest Play.It is not a bad book and as It Isftpleasantly mediocre it is talked ofeverywhere.... In London.THE PAINTERS OF THESCHOOL OF FERRARA byEdmund Gardner. Duckworth.A volume devoted to the work ofthat famous school of paintingwhich originated in Ferrara aboutthe middle of the fifteenth century,and which.; owing to the wide in= fluence of the ruling house of Hste,extended not only to the'other citiesunder their dominion, but spreadover all the Emilia and Romagna,producing Correggio at Parma, In- fluencing the young Raphael atUrbino, and making itself felt evenso far as Bologna through the workof Francia and his followers.The book contains nearly fortyfull page reproductions of picturesand is provided with an alphabeticallist of the principal works and thegalleries in which they are to beseen, and also a Bibliography andAlphabetical Index. FOUR PLAYS Published byBrown Brothers," Swan white ", a Fairy Drama.44The Creditor",a Tragic Comedyand 44 Motherlove by AugustStrindberg. The Woman and theFiddler" by Arqe Norrevang. &amp;essrs Brown Brothers are rende- ring a useful service in issuingthis series of the works of the con- temporary European playwrights,including alike Russians, Germansand Scandinavians, Wedekind,Andreiyeff, Strindberg and others ofthe modern school. &amp; &amp;Of Strindberg, especially, too fewworks have hitherto found their wayinto English, and the Initiative ofthese American publishers in issuing them in an attractive form and atpopular prices will doubtless resultin a keener interest in, and betterknowledge of, the work of that greatnorthern genius, who, even beforethe death of Ibsen, was the chief ofthe Scandinavians. &amp; DE PROFUNDIS by Oscar Wilde.Methuen. Price one shilling net.edition of this touching work.Perhaps its scope and intentmay be hardly better summed up thanIn the brief note 1 once came acrosswhich was pencilled by another greatartist upon the margin of one ofthe pages: 44 All this is the man44 trying to repay in some way, by44 means of a little tribute of art, an44 infinite goodness received ".THE RUSSIAN PEOPLE byMaurice Baring. Methuen. Pricefifteen shillings net. £7|"~£ere *s a book which sets itself tosupply in regard to Russia thatbasis of elementary knowledge whichall are assumed to possess, yet whichvery few really do £7£7 People who read Mr Baring's bookwill know more about it than thenames of a few of its leading balle- rinas, which at present sums up theknowledge of the majority, for theauthor sets forth clearly the chieflandmarks in the history of itspeople, the origins and characteris- tics of the race, the idiosyncrasiesof the Russian temperament, itsmanners and customs* £7 &amp; MA URICE MAETERLINCKEdward Thomas. Methuen. Pricefive shillings net. &amp; £7of M. Maeterlinck's friendsare rather unkind to him ; foralthough they assure us that thepoet is opposed to Interviews, thathe 44 barricides himself against all44 indiscretion and curiosity, detests" notoriety, Is indifferent to the44 representation of his work, avoids44 the cackling, the flattery, all the44 small change of celebrity " theyyet continue to publish books abouthim,.... and what is the book ofpersonal details about the livingcelebrity but the 4* Interview Inexcelsis " ? £7In fact, between Madame* 'Georgette Leblanc Maeterlinck,(who,ever assiduous in enlightening thepublic, has recently been relating toa New York journal how, before evenseeing M. Maeterlinck, she had de- termined that he should be herhusband), and M. Gerard Harry andMr Edward Thomas and the rest ofthem, there is very little left thatwe do not know. £7 £7 £7We know tnat he keeps beesand teaches a dog to sing that heIs 44 a sportsman..... a great drinker of ale that he smokes a 44 denico- tinised herb " by means of which he444 circumvents his unconquerablecraving for tobacco in his hours ofwork": we know that he works44 always exactly two hours "; that he44 always goes to bed in good time ",and much more of the like kind.Of course the volume is not solelyoccupied with these trivial personamlities, for it treats in considerabledetail of M. Maeterlinck's work aspoet, playwright, and essayist, andhere Mr Thomas has done his workwell. But one wonders a little whysuch books about living celebritiescome to be written at all. Theironly justification would seem to bea whole-hearted hero-worship on thepart of the writer, and this MrThomas does not appear to possess,for he points out, gratuitously, thatM. Maeterlinck's portraits 44 show usa thick-lipped, thick-necked man whoappears to lack nothing of a virileequipment unless it be humour ",which is hardly the description ofthe hero-worshipper. He speaks ofhis 44 gaudy and almost tawdryeloquence " over the illness in 1901of King Edward and is reminded byit of the late C. H. Spurgeon : speaksof him again as carried away 44 intoa thrilling but ultimately absurdeloquence " and sums him up by saying, 44 He has extraordinary faci- -44 iity, adroitness, exuberance and44 versatility. He is an experimental44 botanist, an apiarist of long44 standing, an automobilist capable44 of driving himself, a mystic mo- -44 ralist, a playwright, a critic of41 letters, a topical writer " ....whichis a fairly heterogeneous list. ■&lt;&amp; WILLIAM MORRIS TOLER by Walter Crane. GeorgeBell. &amp; Price six shillings net.nphis volume of collected 44 Papersand Addresses on Art and Craftand the Commonweal " containschapters upon 44 William Morris andhis work, " the 44 English Revival inDecorative art", 44the Socialist Idealas a New Inspiration in Art ", on44 Some Arts and Crafts allied toArchitecture, " on the 44 Treatmentof Animals in Art ", on 44 Early ItalianGesso Work", on the "Apotheosis ofthe Butterfly " and other mattersboth theoretical and practical, whichare all, in one form or another, tosupport the case of beauty againstmodern social and economic condi- tions ".&amp; The book is illustrated with manyreproductions of works of art bothancient and modern, with portraitsof Morris and Whistler, and withpractical diagrams illustrative ofsome of the handicrafts described. FOREIGN NOTES LONDON. The Same as Ever R. S. is still in place. TheKing has majestically left ourshores for a visit to his little Eas=tern seat, there to bestow blessingsupon his servants. The leader of theOpposition, Mr Balfour, has movedaside and Mr Bonar Law has beguna new task. The Restaurants closeas early as usual, and the Theatresare as lifeless as ever. £?The people still go to the PublicHouse and avoid all mention ofShakespeare. Mr Bernard Shaw Ishome from a holiday and Mr FrankHarris is in everyone's mouth.London is therefore as possibleand as impossible as ever:... waterstill surrounds England in exagge- rated plenitude.jg? Art is still misunderstood and inmany galleries Is mentioned withbated breath. Fancy dress balls arestill popular and tidyness, (except infancy balls,) is the quality mostnoticeable in England. The lanes,the fields, the cottages, the houses the men and women, the poetry anapainting... All is nicely finished. &amp;Mr Thomas Quinlan. &amp;"pons and Miles,.. Ten trucks ofscenery.... Glasgow work:.,, that'sQuinlan. 44 Where's your WullieShakespere noo" \&amp; &amp;I had better copy the paragraphwhich has been sent round, for it'sJust fine,... and makes me long to bein bonnie Scotland. &amp; &amp;&amp; "Already we have come to recog=" nise in Mr. Thomas Quinlan the" embodiment of enterprise in the44 operatic world. It would take a44 great deal of further time and&lt;4 space to detail the innovations" introduced throughout this enor=*' mous enterprise. Some queer facts44 regarding it are made known.t4 Over seven miles of canvas has" been sewn, and the painting of It44 has consumed tons of colouring44 matter. With this also, gauze,44 netting, and silk have been intro- -44 duced in wholesale quantities44 About ten railroad trucks of44 timber and steel have been brought a into play with absolutely unique44 methods of construction. The elec- -44 trical effects are a study in them- -44 selves." Max Reinhardt and Gordon44 Craig have experimented with, but44 Mr. Quinlan has created the twin44 spirits of opera, atmosphere and44 realism. It Is worthy of note that44 the dresses have been designed44 and executed by Smyth,Wareing44 &amp; Hal ley, of Glasgow. &amp;44 The Quinlan season in Edinburgh44 commences on nth December ".&amp; ...The Paragraph oft proclaims the man. The Three Musketeers.I have just come from a performanceof 44 The Three Musketeers " at theLyceum Theatre where the audiencewas by no means select, nor abnor- mally Intellectual, nor 44 very artis- tic " nor 44 advanced " ; where theperformers were not highly paid,celebrated nor distinguishedly ama- teurish, and where the drama wasnot sentimental like 44 The TwelvePound Look nor sensual like44 Sumurun" nor decadent like44 Rtalon " nor disguised like44 Macbeth ", and yet all of us, I, aswell as everyone in the theatre,have enjoyed ourselves because ofthe sincerity and directness of thestory and the way it was putbefore I go to the theatre hoping to feelthat sincerity which I speak of andI am always disappointed, for theplays, players and mise en sc&amp;ne areinvariably insincere and pretentious.It goes without saying that thereare one or two plays, a few actorsand some productions which arealways good in their own way, butthe large majority of exhibitions onthe stage are PRETENTIOUS. £? It is not bad art we hate; It ispretentious tuff which annoys us.At the Lyceum 44 The ThreeMusketeers " was well done becauseeverything was done sincerely. Thefaults were sincere, open ; no attemptwas made to cover up incapacityand what was good was very good.The story was good becauseDumas had seen to that. The dramawas well put together, and was goodbecause things were happening allthe time. The spirit of the wholething was afoot; we had no timeto pause to THINK; we were onlyasked to watch, to listen and tofeel. There was no sensual rubbishmixed up with the thing so everyonefelt that here, at any rate, wemight be sure of not being insulted.When I say 44 no sensual rubbish "1 mean no naked men or women. Awonderful and rare innovation muchto the credit of the managers of the Lyceum. How easy It would have Jbeen for these managers to haveoveremphasized the " Milady in=cident and to have shown us thepoor lady in bed, and so on. Somany of the other theatres wouldhave done it for the edification ofthe thing which calls itself LondonSociety: and most other theatremanagers would have used a versionof the play with which the Censorwould have been obliged to havedifficulties. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; London Is obsessed with thisidea of the Censor, and Mr Brookfield,who has been well chosen to helpMr Redford, comes in for a lot ofutterly nonsensical abuse. Londonobviously doesn't care a hang aboutthese plays which are risky such as44 Kismet " with its bath incident,44 Sumuriin " and its harem, and themany naked sketches at the Halls ;London likes its domestic dramas asit ever did, and it likes its swash- buckler romantic plays, and it likesShakespeare, and it likes poetry andmusic, but above all it likes theUNPRETENTIOUS. &amp;But to return to my enjoyableevening at the old Lyceum.&amp; The scenery demands specialnotice. It was all painted in thetheatre and excellently well painted,What it wanted to be it was: and just because of this there were tobe found in it many touches of purepoetry... There was a front scenerepresenting the port of Calaiswhich contained something betterthan anything to be seen in 44 Mac- beth ", which pretends to thevery best of scenery. &amp;i select this scene for specialmention, but it must not be thoughtthat the other scenes were any lessadmirable.^The acting was spontaneous andrapid. Every word could be heard ;every point was made clear. Theactors came on and went off withiess subtlety than we expect as arule ; the characterization was lessprofound than it might have been;the grace of the performance wasless polished than it should havebeen ; but it all had a peculiar graceof its 0wn,..., the grace of thegenuine. &amp; &amp;&amp; It was this which appealed toeveryone, and, as it is the first andmost precious quality that a workof Art can possess, it placed theLyceum performance high up ; and,in that it was appreciated by thosepresent, it at the same time placedthe taste-standard of an ordinaryLondon public higher. &amp;&amp; I, like The Mask, have alwaysheld that the largest London public,... the millions, are absolutely first classjudges of what is good in Art, andthis performance justifies thebelief. &amp; &amp;£/ The production is an object lessonto the managers of London ; but asthese good men are blind they willnot be able to perceive how andwhere the thing teaches, thoughits lesson is just this: &amp; &amp;&amp; Be simple, be yourselves, eachof you, and the theatre in Englandwill once more become fresh andflourishing. uz&gt; &amp; The "Wordless Play zz?Tphe Music Hall continues to encou-rage the wordless play.JZZ "Rialon" is one of the latest*'' The Strange Qirl" is another. MrStoll is rather amusing, and certain- ly quite truthful when he says:" These wordless plays must makeactors act." It is one of the mostdelightful revelations of Mr Stoll'sinnermost thoughts that we canrecall. &amp; &amp;£&gt; Mr Stoll can, however, be equallyuntruthful when it serves his purpose,so he states that " It was the artistsof Munich and South Germany whoinspired the Reinhardt method ofproducing and stage lighting ". £?&amp; WAS it....! Well it can easily beunderstood that the Reinhardt m e=thod was inspired by Munich artists, Russian acrobats, Italian organ-grin- ders,.... in fact by anything exceptthe Reinhardt imagination, whichreally seems to be nil. Anyhow, heis paving the way.... laying down aconvenient * blumen-weg' or path offlowers,... and the artists, when theyarrive, will surely not forget him.As for "Rialon" itself, this "Mimo- drama " which the energy of theGermans has shot like a sack of coalsinto London, it purposes, as theannouncement tells us, to show " anew and curious staging" and tobe " inspired by the impressionistschool of art which has its centrein Munich ". &amp; &amp;&amp; That it may hail from Munich noone can doubt, but that it is at allinspired or is in any way inspiringis incorrect.It is common. It would be heldas common even in Berlin or Frank- furt. It is not new; ....one has seenthis kind of thing far better donein Paris. £&gt; &amp; JSZ&amp; It is wrong to compare it with" Sumurun " where an attempt wasmade to achieve a certain sense ofbeauty.... and though this failed, asense of the picturesque was ob- tained. " Rialon " is a lifeless thing.The night I went to see it I alsocame in for the masterly theatricaleffort of Sarah Bernhardt in an act of Jeanne d'Arc.Here there was something whichdealt grandly with the stage. To seeher placed on a table and preparedfor torture is to understand how thehorrible can be dealt with on themodern stage and heroic proportionsachieved. There was no ugliness, nomean horror. All was simple, truthfujand unrealistic. We had the ideasuggested to us but all detail waswithheld. in this act a young actor, Louvan Felligen, showed proof that thereis still one young man on the Euro- pean stage who Is possessed of geniusas an actor, and who, in spite ofthat burden, can yet take infinitepains. &amp; &amp; Q. H.Reinhardt's Return. 0&gt;professor Reinhardt is being wel- comed in London, so they say, bya titled Committee, .....a welcomenever extended to Signor Grasso orto Madame DuSe. 0 0 00 He brings to London variousimitations of the work of an Eng- lishman, a Russian, an Italian and aHottentot. Carlvle has a word to sayin his " Sartor Resartus" upon thelicence a gentleman of delicate tastemay not permit himself ...But thenwhat can Carlyle possibly knowabout it ? 00 By the way, we read in a London paper that Professor Relnhardtcracked the same old joke about thework of Mr Gordon Craig that nearlyevery other borrower from Mr Craighas done for years. He said, "Whata genius...;, but how unpracticalIt is curious to note that if thedesigned ideas of Mr Craig are un- practical on paper they becomeamazingly practical when lifted (i)from the paper and put upon Pro- fessor Reinhardt's stage. There issomething really quite amusing whenone meditates upon this EhWhat ? (1) Lifted. To a German translator. There is a doublemeaning in this. Burglers lt lift " jewelry when notsecured in a patent safe. Sudden Thought J. B. J&gt;y the way, has anyone ever SEENProfessor Reinhardt produce aplay ? Has anyone ever seen hisdesigns ? Has anyone ever seen thepeople who produce his plays forhim, and design his scenes for himand arrange his dances and bringhim his ideas? 0£? The Professor is, we are told, avery capable actor, but as for Design- er, originator of ideas, director ofa theatre,... in all these he is mere- ly a Professor. 0/ 0? 00/ In short, others do his workfor him. Practical, very, for a short while. EDITORIAL NOTES. &amp; NONSENSE... OR SENSE ? JS&gt;Qur good friend The New YorkDramatic Mirror,... or rathe rits Usher... became excessively crossa week or so ago over Mr GordonCraig's statement that Art was areligious thing. Ushers have alwaysbeen held to be "melancholy men'',but this particular Usher is..! (Againpraise Heaven for the Censor, vide.The Mask.... October 1909..) &amp;&amp; This Usher says that Mr Craig'sstatement 44 is iittle short of arrantnonsense." This is the third gentle- man who has used the same phrase.Sydney Grundy and Arthur Collinswere the others. A refined companyand long life to them. But how angrythey grow! how offended they seem.Why?.. Can it be that Mr Craig hassaid something true ? &amp; GERMAN DELICACIES. &amp;Hphe wondrous Professor Singer ofGermany has lately declared thatEmil Orlik the German artist 44the art of woodcut in Germanyon a new basis" after his 44fourteenmonths sojourn In Japan". Isn't thatdelicious ? zz? ■&lt;&amp;Another delicacy ! The same writer finds that the work of Klenimthe wood engraver 44 savoured ofOrlik's style to a certain degree ''but that he freed himself fromOrlik's influence and 44 made onemore detour, becoming quitehimself '. 44 This consisted of athorough study of Original Japa- nese wood-cuts, and a seriousattempt at imitating some of*Hiroshige's prints ".Criticism is speechless beforesuch bewildering gymnastics. Whatis one to think of Orlik, of Klemm,of German Art and of ProfessorSinger? £/ JZ? *&amp; To begin with, Orlik never putanything on any basis. He Is acopyist, and a bad one into thebargain. Klemm is another andSinger is original. &amp;That is woeful enough, but tothink that the English Studio printssuch strange stuff by foreigners whenIt has English writers galore at Itsservice leads one to suppose that theGermans are cheaper. Klemm is asclever as mechanical skill and fairlygood taste can make him, but he hasnot mastered the first principles of art. On the edge of one of thoseprinciples it is written, " The artistis never permitted to be clever ".When will it be properly under- stood that art has little to do withhand and brain but for ever withthe soul ? How can it be understoodwhile mankind stands in ' doubt asto the existence of such a thing asa soul? WORDLESS PLAYS &amp;Cumurun began it or rather" I'Enfant Prodlgue " began it;or rather, it was begun some cen- turies ago, and now even writershave caught it. Hugo von Hofmannsthal has suc- combed. The Poet of the perfectverse and prose has written a "word- less play". It was acted in London.Fig-trees are bearing thistles. Wemay shortly expect visualized musicfrom De Bussy and speaking pictureswhich are invisible from Matisse. Orrather, it is unlikely, for neither ofthese artists is a German or an En"giishman. SCENIC SIMPLICITY. &amp; &amp;7yir Thomas Hardy has lately pub- licly said that Mr Gordon Craigis quite right In advocating simpli- city in stage setting. This was saidafter a visit to "Macbeth" at HisMajesty's J£? THE RUSSSIANS. &amp; &amp;''jphe visit of the Russian Ballet toCovent Garden has proved a grandfailure. Over three hundred poundssterling was lost each week. &amp;It would be curious to know whenEnglishmen will be willing to achieveone such grand defeat rather thansurvive the many ignominious sue- cesses they always manage tomanipulate. &amp; THE ENGLISH. J. S. jpnglishmen are generally tellingeach other (and incidentally theForeigners)that fine English Dancingcan only be born by asking a RussianBallet master to come over and trainour feet. Isn't it stupendous!!!!!Modern Patriotism. £f" Down with England, longlive the Tartars I " &amp; &amp;burning question in London cir=cles Should rouge be put onthe face with a Hare's Foot or not?Another burning question. ...CanEnglishmen who rave over the Ex=ported art from Germany and Russiaafford to stop and parley about how to raise an imitation blush ? THE WORLD'SWORK.PUBLISHED BY&amp; WILLIAMHEINEMANN.21 Bedford StreetStrand. London.TWELVE SHILLINGS FORTHIRTEEN ISSUES.FIFTEEN SHILLINGS ABROAD £/i or*;IT WAS PERHAP NEVERK9iWKMSso indispensable as af the present time for a magazineto provide cultured men and women,... the thinkers....with the latest expressions of earnest writers, toge-ther with illustrations, on the world's daily work.&lt;* &amp; The World's Work "magazine is a monthly ofintense interest.* \it tells you about the newest work in Science, PoliticsArt, Literature and Commercial circles, and every articleis worth reading, remembering and keeping. &amp; The foregoing are a few pertinent facts. We suggestthey are sufficiently strong for the moment to warrent&amp; you remitting.ONE SHILLING for CURRENT ISSUE.DECEMBER ISSUE."AN INDIAN NUMBER" THE POETRY REVIEWA new Monthly Periodical devoted to the Study andAppreciation of Modern Poetry of all countries.A SPECIAL SUBJECT WILL BE DEALT WITH IN EACH ISSUE.THE FOLLOWING ARE AMONG THOSE SELECTED FOR 19*2.DRAMA TIC POETRY.WOMEN POETS.AMERICAN POETRY.FRENCH POETRY.GERM A NPOETRY.MYSTERY PLAYS.ITALIAN POETRY.THE CELTIC TWILIGHT.THE FIRST ISSUE WILL APPEAR IN JANUARY 1912 1ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION FIVE SHILLINGS NET-SEPERATE COPIES SIXPENCE NET.Of all Booksellers, and in Florence ofSuc c. B. Seeb e r, Via Tornabuoni.93 CHANCERY LANE, LONDON W. C TO THE SHY4&amp; who would Subscribe to " The Mask " if,.... and if,.... and if. &amp;" Come now! Less nonsense andout with your money(Collodi's Pinocchlo)THE MASK OFFICES. ARENA GOLDONI. FLORENCE Cor the Designs by Mantegna announced on page 186the Publishers have substituted a design by the lateMr E. W. Godwin for a Stage Costume for Miss EllenTerry. WALT WHITMAN.A "LEAVES OF GRASS" REPRINT.J propose to publish In fac-simile Wait Whitman's personal copy of Leaves of Grass,edition of 1860=1861, in which he did much of the work of revision for the editionthat followed five years later.This copy of Leaves of Grass is historic. It is the volume abstracted by SecretaryHarlan from Whitman's desk in the Interior Department and made the basis forWhitman's discharge from that branch of the service. An account of this incident,written by Whitman himself, will be photographically reproduced andincluded. The edition will be limited to five hundred copies. The price fixedten dollars for each copy. No books will be sent to editors for review and norebates or discounts will be allowed to collectors or booksellers.The text matter of this book will be printed from the original plates, which stillexist. The chirographical matter in Whitman's hand will be superimposed. In order tomaintain a strict likeness to the original, in which Whitman used black ink and pen-cils of several colors, it will be necessary for each sheet to go through the press fromthree to five times. This is a costly process.The production of this work calls for the finest skill of the photographer, engraverand printer. But it will be faithfully supervised to the remotest particulars.Each volume will be authenticated by a number and my signature. Subscriptionswill be filled in the order they are received.To persons who have a special Interest in Whitman, as well as to students andlibraries (particularly to the libraries of schools and colleges), this remarkable reprintmust have unusual significance.&amp;No steps will be practically taken in this matter until subscriptions sufficient tocover the Initial expenses are received Send for circular. HORACE TRAUBEL1613 CHESTNUT STREET, PHILADELPHIA. U. S. A. ihimmMvnutmmmmmmrnmnmnmn iTHE MOSHER BOORS*- ma The only style of genuine hand=madepaper editions at popular prices InAmerica.The new catalogue is sent free onrequest. &amp;Thomas. B. Mosher, PortlandMaine. U. S. A. DI NI &amp; CELLA!Artistic &amp; Decorative Terra Cotta ofSigna. £&gt; JZ? £/ £?Via di Fossi N. 1 - FLORENCE- ESSBCTIReproduction of Sculptures of Old andModern Masters - Statues - Busts - Vases= Bas ■ Reliefs - Fountains - Doors9Chimney - pieces - Bases etc. etc. inevery style. A LETTER FROM ** Mr. W. B. YEATS. &amp;" The Mask always inspires me,.... it" creates a vague vision of a new sort" of joyous, over flowing dramatic art. No'■ sort of criticism is any use to an artist" but technical criticism.*., criticism at" once technical and philosophical, and** that is what The Mask gives one. "TRADE AGENTSSimpkin, Marshall, Hamilton,&amp; Kent &amp; Co. London.