The mask 5 1 July 1912 naau_1912-07_01 The mask 5 1 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 DESIGNS FROM "THE BLUE JACKETS". See pp. 60 to 71 Illustration 4 PROLOGUE. VOLUME FIVE. J. S cre 5-6 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 6 MISS ELLEN TERRY AND THE POLLOCK THEATRE. Ellen Terry cre 7 A RULE FOR STAGE WORKERS. Goethe cre 7 Untitled Image Illustration 7 SOCIALISM.... SYNDICALISM...REALISM,.... Louis Madrid cre 8-10 Untitled Image Illustration 10 ART AND THE NATION "Britannicus cre 10-19 Untitled Image Illustration 10 ON "FORERUNNERS" AND THEIR MISSION. Nietzsche Translation by H. Zimmern cre 19-20 Untitled Image Illustration 20 THE ACTRESS. An Unpublished Story Oscar Wilde cre 21-23 Untitled Image Illustration 23 TWO SAYINGS Oscar Wilde cre 23 Untitled Image Illustration 23 SIGNOR BRIGHELLA Dr Cesare Levi cre 24-31 Untitled Image Illustration 24 Untitled Image Illustration 24 Untitled Image Illustration 31 OUR DAILY NEEDS, V. Surgen cre 32-36 Untitled Image Illustration 32 Untitled Image Illustration 34 Untitled Image Illustration 36 JACQUES DALCROZE AND HIS SCHOOL, John Balance cre 36-40 Untitled Image Illustration 40 ON TRUTH AND ERROR. Goethe cre 40 Untitled Image Illustration 40 THE PAINTER IN THE THEATRE. A Note Gordon Craig cre 41-43; 45-47 Untitled Image Illustration 41 Suggestion for staging "Monna Vanna" by Georges Banks. Illustration 43 Untitled Image Illustration 47 CAPTAIN JACK B. YEATS. A Pirate of the Old Schools: Allen Carric cre 48-50 Untitled Image Illustration 48 Untitled Image Illustration 50 A Scene for "The Scourge of the Gulph" designed by Jack B Yeats. Illustration 51 HOW JACK B. YEATS PRODUCED HIS PLAYS FOR THE MINIATURE STAGE Master himself cre 53-55; 57 The Miniature Stage of Jack B. Yeats. Illustration 55 Untitled Image Illustration 57 THE BEST THEATRE IN LONDON Edward Edwardovitch cre 58-63 Untitled Image Illustration 58 THE BLUE JACKETS or His Majesty's Service. 64-75 Untitled Image Illustration 64 Betsy Bodlan Illustration 69 Enter Fanny Trunnion, Right Hand-Plate I, and Blue Jackets, Plate 3. Illustration 72 Untitled Image Illustration 75 ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON AND THE DRAMA OF SKELT Dorothy Nevile Lees cre 76-80 Untitled Image Illustration 76 Untitled Image Illustration 80 BOOK REVIEWS. 81-86 Untitled Image Illustration 81 JACK B. YEATS, His Pictorial 81-82 NIETZSCHE AND ART, by 83 am delighted with this book, if E. E cre 83-84 DAVID GARRICKAND HIS 84-85 THE AMERICAN DRAMATIST 85 MODERN DANCING AND 85-86 BOUGHT BOOKS. 86 WILLIAM SHAKES by 86 Untitled Image Illustration 86 MAGAZINE REVIEWS 87 magazines are very full 87 FOREIGN NOTES. 88-92 Untitled Image Illustration 88 BUDAPEST. 88-91 The Commedia dell'Arte. p cre 88 |n " AzEst " (The Evening) Ernest 88-91 LONDON. 91-92 The Russian Ballet. R. S cre 91-92 NEW YORK 92 A Question of Size. P. G cre 92 Untitled Image Illustration 92 EDITORIAL NOTES. 93-98 Untitled Image Illustration 93 THE FUTURISTS ' BLUNDER. 93-94 Untitled Image Illustration 93 A LESSON THE 94-95 ON SOME GREAT MEN. &amp; 95-97 LONDON CRITICS ON THE LOOSE. J. S cre 97-98 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 100 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 100 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 101 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 101 THE MASKA QUARTERLY JOURNAL OFTHE ART OF THE THEATRE Volume Five. Number One JULYI 9 I 2 ARENA GOLDONIFLORENCEITALYYEARLY SUBSCRIPTION FIFTEEN SHILLINGS. &amp; SINGLE COPY PRICE FOUR SHILLINGS NET.TRADE AGENTS.SIMP K I Nt MARSHALL, HAMILTON, KENT &amp; THE MASK. JULY 1912. HP he Editor will be glad to consider MSS relative to the Art and History of theTheatre, but would point out that he can only make use of articles written bysuch as have a real knowledge of the subjects treated.&amp; All possible care will be taken, but he cannot hold himself responsible for theaccidental loss of MSS. These must in every case be accompanied by a stamped andaddressed envelope as otherwise they cannot be returned.&amp; Communications should be addressed to the Arena Goldoni. Florence. Italy. THB MASK,July 1912. PROLOGUE. SOCIALISM.... SYNDICALISMREALISM.... SOCIALISM.... SYNDICALISM.... REALISM.... ART AND THE NATION. ART AND THE NATION. ART AND THE ART AND THE NATION. ART AND THE NATION. ART AND THE NATION. ART AND THE NATION. ART AND THE NATION. ART AND THE NATION. ON" FORERUNNERS '' THE ACTR &amp; THE ACTRESS. &amp; SIGNOR BRIGHELLA. S/GNOR BRI SIGN OR BRIGHELLA. SIGNQR BRI SIGNOR BRIGHELLA . SJGNOR BRIGHELLA SJGNOR BRI OUR DAILY NEEDS. OUR DAILY NEEDS. OUR DAILY NEEDS. OUR DAILY NEEDS. JACQUES DALCROZE AND HIS SCHOOL. JACQUES DALCROZE AND HIS JACQUES DALCROZE AND HIS . &amp; JACQUES DALCROZE AND HIS SCHOOL. se&gt; THE PAINTER IN THE THEATRE THE PAINTER IN THE THEATRE THE PAINTER IN THE THEATRE THE PAINTER IN THE THEATRE CAPTAIN JACK B. YEATS. CAPTAIN JACK B. YEATS. HOW JACK B. YEATS PRODUCED HIS PLAYS &lt;e&gt; HOW JACK B. YEATS PRODUCED HIS PLAYS &amp; &amp; THE BEST THEATRE IN LONDON. &amp; THE BEST THEATRE IN LONDON. THE BEST THEATRE IN . THE BEST THEATRE IN LONDON. THE BEST THEATRE IN LONDON. THE BLUE JACKETS. THE BLUE JACKETS- THE BLUE JACKETS. THE BLUE JACKETS. &amp; THE BLUE JACKETS. &amp; THE BLUE JACKETS. &amp; THE BLUE JACKETS, THE BLUE JACKETS. THE BLUE THE BLUE JACKETS THE BLUE JACKETS. R. L. S. AND THE DRAMA OF R. L. S. AND THE DRAMA OF R. L. S. AND THE DRAMA OF R- L.S. AND THE DRAMA OF BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. FOREIGN NOTES. FOREIGN NOTES. FOREIGN NOTES. FOREIGN NOTES EDITORIAL EDITORIAL NOTES EDITORIAL NOTES EDITORIAL NOTES EDITORIAL NOTES ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Gerente Responsabile GIULIO VANZI IMR-*^-N«-3:'^-&lt;**,,'*IOTII»T,,IRE'"NTTR«',^MI -T*R IRLOITIFCIFWNMNYRI^TRMRR I-——»^—^—.~ (BMTA SECOND PORTFOLIO OF E T C 1/ I /\ j by E. Gordon Craig,V.-FIVI-' I £W »■■»■■ ■ mmR^—■ ..IN— TTRFNMN——M—WMHIKMCIJ]—.MTsecond series of Etchings by Mr Gordon Craig has recently beenissued, forming a companion Portfolio to that issued'in 1908.j&amp; These etchings, as those contained In the previous Portfolio, weremade by the artist at Florence, and a few of the plates are a continua- tion of the first j&amp; j&amp; j&amp; u&amp;&amp; Connected, as was that, with his dream of an Ideal Theatre they haveIn no way anything in common with the modern stage, but with thatMovement, which, writes Mr Craig, " was at the roots of the Ancient" Theatre and will ever remain the very Essence of the Art". j&amp;Only thirty portfolios are being issued, although a few additionalcopies of some of the plates will be printed according to the conditionof the plate. The plates will then be destroyed. &amp; Each set consists of twelve designs loosely mounted on boards anduntrimmed, and Is contained in a grey box portfolio with fastenings.4s&amp; Each plate is signed by the artist and each portfolio is numbered. &amp;£/ £/ &amp; Size of portfolio 48 x 30 ctms. £? j&amp;&amp; j&amp; Average size of plate, 14 213 x I5 2(3 ctms. &amp;&amp; The price for a portfolio is 25 guineas, (650 Francs or 525 Marks)&amp; &amp; Carriage extra. All orders to be addressed to 4R &amp;* T H E MASK P R E S S . -0ARENA GOLDONI, FLORENCE, ITALY.Im *ANNOUNCEMENTS; FROM THE MASK PRESSARENA GOLDONI. FLORENCE, ITALY.' -a THE MASK. NEW SERIES. VOLUME FIVE.Of the new Volume, beginning with the present number, ThreeEditions are published, and the yearly subscriptions, post free,*° *'iese Editions are respectively as follows.Miff Popular Edition. . . . Shillings 15. Dollars 4.00jLarge Paper Edition (100 copies.) 20. „ 5.00Edition de Luxe. (15copies.) „ 65, „ 16.00•—p——a THE MASK. OLD SERIES. 1908... 1909... 1910... 1911...Unbound Sets, Vol, 1. Shillings 30. dollars 7.50fVoI. 2. ~ ~ 23. ~ ~ 6.50Vol. 3. „ , 20. „ „ 5.00Vol. 4' »» if I 5« ,t „ 4*®®Bound in Vellum. Vol. 1. ~ „ ' 35. „ „ 8.50Vol. 2. „ „ 30. „ „ 7.50Vol. 3* If 99 25. If „ 6.50Vol. 4* 99 9, 20. ~ ~ 5.50 THREE OPINIONS ON "THE MASK"I " There is not a page in it which isnot interesting and stimulating in a finewayPal! Mall" A quite remarkable richin intelligence."I Westminster Gazette, |I " A very amusing and , as II well as a most beautiful, magazineThe Daily Telegraph,TRADE AGENTS Simpkin, Marshall, Hamilton,Kent &amp; Co. London. &amp; Printed fertile Proprietor by Tipografia R. Lastrueci, Via de Serragli, 104 Florence and published at The Office of " The Mask " Arena Goldoni LITERARY CONTENTS. PROLOGUE. . . J. S. . . . . . I.A WORD ON THE POLLOCK THEATRES. . . Ellen Terry. . . . 3-SOCIALISM SYNDICALISM REALISM. . Louis Madrid. ... 4.ART AND THE NATION " Britannlcus". . . . 6.ON " FORERUNNERS ". . Nietzsche 15.THE ACTRESS Oscar Wilde. . . . . 17.SIGNOR BRIGHELLA. ...... Dr Cesare Levi. . . . 20.OUR DAILY NEEDS V. Surgen 28.JACQUES DALCROZE AND HIS SCHOOL. . . John Balance. ... 3a.THE PAINTER IN THE THEATRE. . . . Gordon Craig. ... 37.CAPTAIN JACK. B. YEATS Allen Carrie. ... 44.HOW JACK B. YEATS PRODUCED HIS PLAYSFOR THE MINIATURE STAGE. . . Jack B. Yeats. ... 49-THE BEST THEATRE IN LONDON. . . . Edward Edwardovitch. . 54.THE BLUE JACKETS 60.R. L. S. AND THE DRAMA OF SKELT. . . Dorothy Nevile Lees. . . 72.VBOOK REVIEWS. FOREIGN NOTES. &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES 77-Short Extracts from the Words or Writings of Oscar Wilde. 19; Goethe, 3; 36, ILLUSTRATIONS. TITLE DESIGN AND THREE FIGURES FROM"THE BLUE JACKETS". Frontispiece.. . Anon Face 1.DESIGN FOR " MONNA VANNA ". ... Georges Banks. . . . 39.A SCENE FOR A PLAY Jack B. Yeats. ... 44.A SCENE FOR "THE SCOURGE OF THE GULPH". „ „ ... 47.THE MINIATURE STAGE „ ... 51.REDINGTON'S SHOP WINDOW Anon 54.BLUE JACKETS AND JACKO 60.BETSY BODKIN, 65.BLUE JACKETS FAINTING 68.HEAD AND TALE PIECES AND INITIAL LETTERS by Gordon Craig, Jack B. Yeats,Oliver and others. DESIGNS FROM "THE BLUE JACKETS". See pp. 60 to 71 PROLOGUE. VOLUME FIVE. J. S. s Prelude to our fifth year of existence we start witha game. It is where the modern Theatre leaves 0ff,....Child's P1ay,....To play at Theatres is good fun. It costs nothing;it is the ideal in little. But the European Theatre playsat Theatres at a cost of some millions of pounds: this is very unpractical, very wasteful.To paint and cut out in paper for our own and our friends' enter- tainment at a cost of twenty five shillings a year does no one any harmand is a good game ; but that the public of Europe should be made topay millions of pounds for the same kind of rubbish on a large scale ispreposterous and reflects very little credit upon our Rulers. £/ £/£/ In England we possess the best of Toy Theatres and the worst ofgrown-up Theatres. We consider that Pollock's Theatre is the best ToyTheatre in the world, and that Beerbohm Tree's Theatre is the worstgrown-up Theatre in the world.It is of no use to honour by criticism such a- theatre as that overwhich Sir Herbert Tree is supposed to rule, for this theatre has provedtime and again that it belongs to a group of commercial " Playhouses "and therefore asks to be judged as a commercial play house.JS/ Art has nothing whatever to do with commerce, for commerce dependsupon the weaknesses of the multitude and does not guide and strengthenit. The whole conspiracy of Commerce is to 44 catch " the Public, andwhen so occupied the commercial gent has no time to give a singlethought to the safety of the Public. &amp;Modern Theatres are as unsafe as was the 44 Titanic". They killpeople slowly;... that is the only difference. They ruin the taste, nerves and character of the nation, for instead of vital things they present deadthings.And as we have from time to time pointed out, this cannot be curedby patronizing a new theatre instead of an old one; by deserting " HisMajesty's " and taking up with the "Apollo" or the "Kingsway" theatres.The only cure is to change the conscience of the &amp; The only man we know of working today as a director of a theatrein Great Britain whose conscience is his armour and not his pyjamasis W. B. Yeats, (i) jg?In England you can buy people. You can buy their conscience. Youcan therefore buy a part of our National Life. &amp; &amp;&lt;£? We don't know how you feel about this, but we're hanged if we'dbe bought. We write and publish what we think is right to publish. Wedo not join in the hostile attacks against the English Throne, Govern- ment, and what does not concern us, for we know as little about suchthings as most other folk. But we have made a careful study of theTheatre and its Art, and we wish to be of service to our Land by helpingour Ruiers to a better understanding of the dangers to be avoided andthe advantages to be reaped by a thorough overhauling of the theatreboth as Art and as Institution./^Some day our Rulers will be able to give time to this not unimpor- tant question. Until then we can wait.^&gt;And because they do not instantly turn to and oblige us and serveArt and through it the life of their People we shall not instantly turnsurly like so many do today in England, but we most earnestly and re- spectfully pray them that when they do decide to devote some time toour cause they will let the noblest precedents of History be their guide,and not the later precedents of debased and unhappy periods when Artsecretly served the cause of Unrest and Sedition. &amp; (I} Lest this should b&amp; misunderstood Set us hasten to remind our readers that Mr Gordon Craig is at work inParig, Mr Allen Carrie is in Persia, and Mr John Balance in Krakow, MISS ELLEN TERRY AND THE POLLOCKTHEATRE. Ellen Terry. Miss Ellen Terry writes us as follows of Pollock's Toy ,about which much will be found in the later part of this numberof The Mask:... JZ? ,^7 I remember the little stages well and there is nothing quite like them.I had one when I was a child, when they were known as "Redington'sTheatre.1 have no interest In the German Toy stages which today are some°times offered us in place of the fine old English toys. They can't be in any way compared. &amp; Ellen Terry. A RULE FOR STAGE WORKERS. Goethe. f~fe who would work for the stage.... should leave nature in her properplace and take careful heed not to have recourse to any thing butwhat may be performed by children with puppets upon boards and laths, together with sheets of card board and linen. SOCIALISM.... SYNDICALISM...REALISM,.... by Louis Madrid I ust the fewest words possible remembering that the whole worldis suffering just now because of some split somewhere, some very na- tural misunderstanding. So let us come to essentials right to theheart of the question. JZ? JG? £?It Is not difficult. When masters have made mistakes, have been alittle unfair and when servants revolt, both parties lose their privilegesthe masters the right to command and the men the right (and whata right!) to serve.&amp; There can be no question any longer of keeping up the attitudes ofprotector and servant. Both are forfeit. JST &amp;Something like a return to the primitive state of the year one hasbeen suddenly brought about. It won't do for either party to pretendany longer to even the clothing of a mask. The mask is off. The worldis naked again. &amp; &amp;What an opportunity! Instead of its being a calamity it is a chance...one more blessed chance for the whole disobedient crew of 11. M. S. Earth,Such an opportunity is also the most scathing test ever invented bythe Gods to create diversion or dread amongst the angels. For man oncemore denuded of all pretence becomes a more sorry object than whencovered. JZ* JZ? JGR .ZZ? JS?The opportunity lies in being once more given a moment wherein wemay show some real affection and some real mastery and do some realservice. &amp; &amp;&amp; Masters like being masters well then. And Servants wish for no- thing better than to serve, well then.&amp; What maddens the servants into these phases of so-called Socialism,Syndicalism and so on, is, that they have just weighed themselves andfound themselves wanting. That's the source of rage of this kind. And simultaneously masters get crazy for exactly the same reason....not because they are found out but because they have seen themselvesand found themselves ugly.Is there anything which makes a once-handsome woman more mise- rable, and (for the moment) more utterly careless of herself than the discovery that she is getting ugly and old ? jZ? jZ? jZ?That's the sole trouble with masters and men who disagree theyare realizing their own faults. jz?jZ? And for this there is only one remedy : Sacrifice.... not to get more,....*:o give more. Not to demand more, to offer more, spontaneously andwith gravity. And, say what you will, the remedy is infallible. For It isn'tas though the world were evil;... it's good. And it isn't as if the wholeworld of masters were represented by ten or even a hundred masters.These may be like stone, but there is a thing which will break up stonewhen no hammers avail. It is the gentlest, most eternal thing of all. jZ/ And the put-on harshness of masters ? why, their pretended rolecan be transformed, broken up,... transformed by just as gentle a thing.But by nothing else :.... least of all by the pretence of it. jZ? £? IDEALISM AND REALISM. Tphe unrest of England,... its strikes, its threats of mutiny, its continualcrises can be altered as easily as an English Rose tree breaks into blossom.jZ? It is wrong to look for any complicated and difficult solution to theriddle. It would also be wrong for anyone but a Saint Paul to attemptto put down in a book the method of solution.£? There is a method, but no man that has yet lived has written atechnical book on the subject. The Prophets made an attempt and burstinto poetry. This was not technical enough to serve as a book of Rulesof the Game. jS?Truth is that we are-not to learn those rules or we should have no- thing left to live f0r,.... or we should indeed become as Gods knowinggood and evil by looking down upon It as calmly as Buddha, as Kwannonor as Christ. &lt;Z/ jZ? jZ? jZ? j&amp;jZ? But in being natural,... and that is the thing we always boast weare, especially in England.... in being really natural we shall achieveexactly what the Rose garden achieves,... Idealism. jZ? jZ? &amp;sZ&gt; It is THIS that all Art constantly is saying,., and inasmuch as Englanddenies the goodness of Art, the naturalism of Art, the practical divinityof Art, by so much does England lose her power to alleviate the pain ofher children. &amp; Art is true. Artists are very true and faithful people who alwayshave given counsel and comfort of the true kind. The Artists havenever struck. They've been chased, kicked, starved, (not even a minimumwage)... and generally told they were useless. And in truth all the usethey are is to inspire the earth with the one idea which makes for greatgood, Idealism. &amp; Idealism lays all ghosts, idealism puts to rout the demons which re- volt in us; drives Materialism from us so that we can breathe thebetter in each other's company. &amp;And Idealism will spread if a state will nourish its noblest art in- stincts. Royal Academies, alas, do not represent the noblest art of thestate. Art is Individual in its inception and It is the Individual artistswho could today bring to England a better understanding of what herIdealism is capable of. &amp; To those Ministers of the Crown who cherish the thought of Idealismin England I address these lines, in the belief that one or more ofthem will delay no longer in achieving the Ideal, by co-operatingwith the Artists of Individuality and by upholding and spreading thedoctrine of Art. &amp; ART AND THE NATION by "Britannicus" he Letters of an Englishman which appear regularly inthe Daily Mail have always given me pleasure to read, andto preserve so as to read again : and his letter last Aprilon " Art and the People " is particularly good. He repeats what Whistler and others have all told us, that 44 Art has nothing to do with caste or wealth "; that 44 she disdains neither the palace nor the cabin "; and he grieves that Mr WilliamArcher should talk of Art " climbing down " because that is a practicalimpossibility. She is both down and up; and how like our dear oldsensible, good Archer to have again shot at that Prog and missed himbecause he wouldn't stand still to be hit. But 1 suppose A will always be an Archer and will always be employedshooting at Frogs. For if the world gets too matter of fact Life wouldbe unendurable, and we must be grateful to this particular descendantof our First Archer, who keeps up the old traditional custom, therebyproving what a staunch old Tory he is. Englishman's essay upon " Artand the People " will do quite a little good, for the Daily Mail travelsfar and all that Englishman says is sound. But for all this we feel thatunless the governing members of the Nation study more thoroughlythis question of Art in relation to National life Art will soon becomepowerless to influence England. uZ?JS/ One has been forced to realise that the governing members of ourNation are a little too vague in their own minds about Art and itsinfluence. And this is not difficult to understand, for the Governingmembers have been told by Ruskin and others that Art Is ail mixed upwith Morals and Hard Thinking; and have been told by Whistler and theothers that it has nothing whatever to do with either, and that it is allto do with Genius, temperament; and by the Royal Academy that Art isall a question of tame cat-ism. JZ?JZ/ The truth is that Art is nothing more than the purest product ofthat spirit which has given life to everything, and which daily createseverything.&amp; Art is the purest product of Imagination. When we talk of God we alludeto a creation of the Imagination ; without the Imagination God could notexist. We talk of Love, of Life, of Death:... all these are created bythe Imagination. We make a hash of most of them and thereby we provethat they are not works of art although works of imagination. Worksof art, we repeat, are the purest and most orderly product, of the ima- gination. The Life and Death of Dante, his Love, his 8e1ief,..,., all thesethings without his art, his " Divina Commedia ", are failures... Imperfectin his Life, wretched in his Love, lonely in his Death, he prevails and stilllives in his Art, and he thus still Inspires his Nation towards the Ideal.&amp; This being the case it is necessary that a Nation shall consider care- fully about Art: ....what it has done and does ; what it is, and how itbest may spread its influence over the land that it may be of effect.JS? That is what our rulers might do. They cannot force Art to do this or that; to nourish or forward this cause or to attack thatevil. But they can do with it what Is being done today with the waterof the Nile; ....give it continually to a parched land. J® J® J®J® It would be a great and formidable task for a great statesman tocope with, but Its effect would be blessed.... By bringing the influenceof the soul of Art to the soul of the People a great statesman wouldbring health and happiness to the nation, and he would not find opposedto his plan the daily material needs; there would never be a questionof less Art being needed because more bread and wool is needed. Theexistence of our daily bodily needs demands an accompaniment of Artto bring out the true value of our whole existence. j® We need only take a peep into any old village where the Folk artsstill flourish to note how their daily needs are made the sweeter andJollier for the presence of Art and the Artist. j® You are standing, for instance, at the door of some peasant's hut, letus say in Sweden. You lean your arm on the door frame and look insidefor the Leonardo da Vinci or Rembrandt in gilt frames. But don't dothat; ....Just one moment! ...don't shift your position, only move youreyes. First look at what you're leaning against. A work of Art! BY JOVE!Did it topple over ? or does it topple over and break under yourweight now that you've discovered it to be a WORK OF ART? N0,...n0rwill it for six hundred years or more, and it has already faced threehundred winters and summers without crumbling. And now look at thehandle of the door, at the rafters and at the door itself. You need notmove to be conscious that all around you works of art have grown onto and out of this hut into which you are looking. j® Yet there are no pictures in frames: no statues in niches or onpedestals : ...no library of b00k5...; no grand pianos there. &amp;j® And the peasant has a visitor or two, (other peasants), who come onfeast days to his house,, who can sing de Reske into a frazzle and actMonnet Sully off the table, and who invent lovelier things than all theartists are doing for London, Paris, Berlin or Rome, J® J® J®j® And why? why is it that in some villages in Sweden, Calabria, Poland,Russia or Hungary better works of art are being produced today than inLondon, Berlin, Paris and Rome ? The reason is a very natural one. It Is because in these villages thepeople who ask for the carvings, designings, metal things and dresseslong for lovely ones, and are excited about how they are going to turn0ut,... excited with the excitement of a child. They aren't allowed tosee how it's going along till its quite ready,... for the people, (calledthe artists), who have been asked to do the carvings, designing, dressesetc are just as excited to do them but not show them till they arequite ready; ....and then..,, then the mutual excitement! the carvingis done ; ....artist and possessor both are in exstacies : both talk thecarving up and down and round and in and out: ....happiness ....excite*ment Life.That Spirit is not amongst us: and the task before the statesmanwho sets out to affect his nation by the power of Art is to find out whatit is which shall give life to that excitement in both the artist and theother party.There is no real name for this other party. He is not the Patron, thecommissioner, the owner: he is far more the Begetter, as in the famoussonnets. He starts the wish to create. He says to the copper smith (orblacksmith) that he doesn't much like the look of his new door withoutsome plates somewhere, and the smith begins to pass his hand lovinglyover the great oaken door and to make suggestions. The Begetter doesn'tsay much for he is all eagerness to hear the man of ideas unfold, andslowly out it pours.&amp; And if the making of a noble pair of iron plates for the door wereall that came of it I'd tear up this article and go and drown myself.But friendship comes of it,.... links sure and strong are forged in thecompact between these two men, both keen to better the place and sobetter the whole earth. Friendship cemented in such away cannoteasily be broken, ,&lt;S? jS/ &amp;Of course the one pays the other because the other pays the one; andthe whole transaction benefits the whole race. jZ?"Englishman" says that a truly artistic community never has existed.Whistler said so too. May be it is true. But what has existed and whatstill exists (though not in England) is a community which holds a naturalrespect for the artist. Given that.... and I promise you fine art. For a proper respect for the artist breeds a friendliness betwixt himwho asks for a work of art and him who undertakes to make it for him.But where people ask for a work of art and begin even the veryleast to pose as knowing what that work of art is to be like.. .. adieuart, and adieu to all possibility of its good influence on the community.Therefore honour your artists, you who manage the British Empire,and you'll soon find that the People will iearn to respect the artists too.I don't mean you are to make R. A.s of them or knight them ; ...bestavoid both these sham dignities and honour them in other truer andsimpler ways. &amp; J£?jgr Let the artists' work be honoured privately as well as publicly: letthose who feed the nation by journalism be taught that they must beginto associate the very roots of Life with those of Art: let there be nolonger this crass idea circulated that Art is not closely interknit witha good and practical State and with a good and happy every-day life.And at the same time beware of another fatal mistake and one whichwas made only the other day by that good Premier, Mr Asquith. Avoid,as you would avoid the devil, the folly of attempting to associate ancientart, especially ancient foreign art, and modern National Life, JP J&amp;It was not right of Mr Asquith to come to the Royal Academy dinnerwith his ideas on Art's relation to our nation so topsy=turvey. He madethe following statement:" The Government had not shown themselves insen- " sible to the claims of art. Last year it was their" privilege to help to retain the magnificent Carlisle" " Mabuse ". That picture was nearly lost to the" country. He feared it would have been lost but for" the intervenitou of the taxpayer; and only in the44 course of the last few days they had read of two" great masterpieces of one of the greatest painters," Rembrandt, passing at enormous prices into foreign44 collections.&amp; " These incidents, " he said, 44 are incidents which" no lover of British art and of (i) Britain as a store 41 house of great artistic treasures can regard with44 anything but dissatisfaction. There are countries, as" you all know, which take drastic measures, legislative" and administrative, to preserve for themselves what" I may call their art patrimony. I do not think that44 public opinion is ripe for the initiation of this form44 of procedure ; nor can you expect the British taxpayer," upon whose shoulders in these days there fall so" many heavy burdens, to enter into an unlimited" competition for this purpose with the millionaires of44 the world. &amp;44 Happily the public spirit of owners of pictures44 in Great Britain, aided by the assiduity and the44 organising power of the Royal Academy, has brought44 it about that the whereabouts of the proprietorship44 of most of our art treasures are fairly well known.44 Further, 1 think it is a very rare thing that the44 owner of a great picture should not be ready and44 willing to give the first refusal of it, if he is about44 to part with it, to the nation. (Cheers.) &amp;&amp; 44 The remedy, if remedy there be for a state of44 things which all lovers of art must increasingly44 deplore, is to be found, I think, in an increasing44 co-operation between private generosity and State44 aid. " &amp; £7 No doubt Mr Asquith felt he had struck a mighty blow in the causeof art, but all he did, as you see, was to champion the English Dealer inpictures against the American Dealer. AH he was concerned about wasthe loss of some Foreign works of Art belonging to some rich Lordand painted centuries ago. £7 &amp;£7 That is Snobbery tinged with Commercialism, and to blame the dealeror to blame anyone except the mean-spirited Lord who lets such partsof his furniture leave his house, is ridiculous. £7 £7Then the modern custom of speaking of a picture by some master as" the Carlisle Mabuse " or 44 the Lansdowne Rembrandt' " is vulgar and could be easily avoided. It comes of course from looking on England as44 a store house of great artistic treasures ", one of Mr Asqulth's moreunfortunate Inspirations. &amp; &amp;But the most unfortunate of all is where this fine statesman speaksof the works of Rembrandt and Mabuse as being examples of British art.Any man who spares the right amount of time to consider the questionof Art and National Life knows full well that the nation would not bea jot worse off if every one of the old master-pieces went home to theland of its creator. In fact the problem which Mr Asquith might try tosolve is, How to get rid of all the Foreign Works of Art. Perhaps theway to do this would be to exchange our Italian, Spanish, Dutch andFrench pictures for the English works now to be found in Continentalcollections. ,6? &amp;&amp; Mr Asquith's mistake at this Academy Banquet caused most of thejournals of the next few days to send up a kind of Guido Rent wall ofdespair, 44 Another Rembrandt for America gasped the44 Observer ", generally a very clear-sighted journal. 44 What a drainon the country, when is it all going to ?".But why should it end until all the Foreign works have gone ? Whenthat time approaches English Art will begin to be appreciated in Englandand English artists will be given fair play; not before. For this mania forpossessing Foreign works of art is the cause of the starvation of allmodern art, especially In England.In America it Is almost as bad. American legislators should hounddown these dealers who import the works of Rembrandt and Mabuse.The worst of it is that the whole matter is treated so amiably. Modernartists have not protested : rather are they themselves nowadays becomingcollectors and dealers, JS?This of course is quite contemptable, and I am happy to say I havenever yet come across a modern artist in the act of dealing in ancientmaster pieces. I think 1 should knock him down.Now doubtless having read thus far you feel that you know betterthan we artists do and you tell us that we are perfectly right to be soenthusiastic and you smile In an elderly fashion and you reserve yourtrump card to the last. &amp; &amp; We wonder what on earth you mean when you smile so contentedlyand tell us we are right to be so enthusiastic. What can we reply ? Thatwe aren't merely 44 enthusiastic ": that a few of us are ten time graverabout it all than you are ? That would not be polite ; but we want toknow what's at the back of your thoughts and so silently accept thepretty reproof about our enthusiasm and look questioningly towards you.Then with the famous leonine gesture of the fine Englishman you squareyour shoulders, and, leaning back in your chair which Mr Waring fitson you so admirably, you rivit us with your fine rolling eye, grey, calm,noble, ....and, alas, ridiculous.... and you make the following assertion Intones of finality: 44 The English people are not like the foreigners ; theyare not by nature interested in Art, ...they have no use for it and no onecan make them take an interest in it. "I have heard that statement made at least a thousand times by En- glishmen on behalf of England, and I can only suppose that they havenever had the advantage of reading a History of England. &amp; The History of England, backed by the South Kensington Museum,the British Museum and the London Museum, proves that such a state- ment is utterly untrue. What is true, however, is that the English Peopledislike humbug in Art, and it is that humbug Art which has caughty0u,.... and so you talk about it. &amp; &amp;The Race detests going to Galleries like the Academy or other suchplaces to see row after row of pictures hung there without any reason.It detests going into hot stuffy gilt and looking-glass palaces calledTheatres to see plays which are there also without any reason or playedwithout sense so the Race does not go to these places: cliques go.£/ It is the same with music and the other arts. The English Peopleloathe parade , they won't go because it's 44 the right thing to go " ; theywill keep away just because of that.So the so-called Art Establishments are practically failures. So muchare they failures that our Leonine Englishman can lean back in his chairand, with these places in his mind's eye, roundly assert that the English44 are not by nature interested in Art".&amp; It is just because the English are interested in Art that they refuseto assist these abhorrent parade places to exist. The English want art in their life, and would get it were it not for these tricky art-mongerswho pester the nation till a few lunatics are found who support themand their parade places. JZ? *0There was an attack made some years ago on the Royal Academy:that attack should be recommenced. It is not one of the noble Institu- tions of England. It is an utterly foolish institution. England doesn'twant one huge house packed yearly with unbeautiful or even beautifulworks of art. England wants works of art in every house, great or small*in every street: and if you commence by establishing a kind of toll housewith a barrier across the road such as the Royal Academy, you provethat you have the wrong conception as to what art is or is for.Art needs no other examination than that which purchaser and artistmake together.- that will be searching enough, and to attempt to Hall- mark works of art as you do silver by stamping A.R.A. or R. A. on themis preposterous, and insulting to Englishmen in the mass. &amp;sg? Lastly, (if we may go a little further with what are, after all, onlysuggestions) let the Theatre be the first to be considered by those whowish to bring to effectiveness the Influence of Art upon the nation. ItIs the popular resort. Let it be filled with good things. •At present it is filled with very rotten things,... rotten even as applesare rotten. Let a new standard be established. Let first the audiencebecome human. That is all that is needed and that is not difficult.Become Human,mind ; not become educated. The audience are onlya little stiff nowadays because asses have brayed from high places thatArt is so moral and so deep, so this and so that, that our poor friendsget stiff because they feel they can never be "so good or so clever asall that".This humanizing of the audience can be brought about by givingthem good plays in a good workmanly way for a low price in well-builttheatres; comfortable and interesting, new, clever theatres, and cleverand new things Our friends who are called the audience are only waiting to be excited.Let us feel keen about what we are preparing for them and then let usenjoy it together. jg? JZ? JS?To do this new Theatres are necessary; and, before new Theatres, 9new places where we can experiment for a year or two;... Schools. Andin those schools, with the right men at the head, what new and excitingprojects could not be evolved. (1) The italics are ours, ON "FORERUNNERS" AND THEIR MISSION.Nietzsche Translation by H. Zimmern. who regard the democratic movement, not only as a degenerateing form of political organisation, but as equivalent to a degenerating,a waning type of man, as involving his mediocrising and depreciation:where have we to fix our hopes ? In new philosophers...{i) there is noother alternative: in minds strong and original enough to initiate op- posite estimates of value, to transvalue and invert ''eternal valuations";in forerunners, in men of the future, who in the present shall fix theconstraints and fasten the knots which will compel millenniums to takenew paths. To teach man the future of humanity as his will, as depen- ding on human will, and to make preparation for vast hazardous enter- prises and collective attempts in rearing and educating, in orderthereby to put an end to the frightful rule of folly and chance whichhas hitherto gone by the name of " history " (the folly of the "greatestnumber " is only its last form).,, for that purpose a new type of philo- sophers and commanders will some time or other be needed, at the veryidea of which everything that has existed in the way of occult, terrible,and benevolent beings might look pale and dwarfed. The image of suchleaders hovers before our eyes: is it lawful for me to say it aloud, yefree spirits ? The conditions which one would partly have to create andpartly utilise for their genesis; the presumptive methods and tests byvirtue of which a soul should grow up to such an elevation and poweras to feel a constraint to these tasks ; a transvaluation of values, underthe new pressure and hammer of which a conscience should be steeledand a heart transformed into brass, so as to bear the weight of suchresponsibility; and on the other hand the necessity for such leaders, thedreadful danger that they might be lacking, or miscarry and degenerate:...these are our real anxieties and glooms, 3 e know it well, ye free spirits! these are the heavy distant thoughts and storms which sweep across theheaven of our life. There are few pains so grievous as to have seen,divined, or experienced how an exceptional man has missed his way anddeteriorated: but he who has the rare eye for the universal danger of" man " himself deteriorating, he who like us has recognised theextraordinary fortuitousness which has hitherto played its game in re- spect to the future of mankind a game in which neither the handnor even a " finger of God " has participated!... he who divines the fatethat is hidden under the idiotic unwariness and blind confidence of,*' modern ideas, " and still more under the whole of Christo-Europeanmorality... suffers from an anguish with which no other is to be com- pared : he sees at a glance all that could still he made out of manthrough a favourable accumulation and augmentation of human powersand arrangements: he knows with all the knowledge of his convictionhow unexhausted man still is for the greatest possibilities, and howoften in the past the type man has stood in presence of mysterious de- cisions and new paths;.... he knows still better from his palnfulestrecollections on what wretched obstacles promising developments of thehighest rank have hitherto usually gone to pieces, broken down, sunk,and become contemptible. The universal degeneracy of mankindto the level of the " man of the future "...as idealised by the socialisticfools and shallow pates...this degeneracy aud dwarfing of man to an abso- lutely gregarious animal (or as they call it, to a man of "free society")this brutalising of man into a pigmy with equal rights and claims, isundoubtedly possible ! lie who has thought out this possibility to itsultimate conclusion knows another loathing unknown to the rest ofmankind.... and perhaps also a new mission / J£?" Beyond Good and Evil ". (i) For the word 41 Philosophers "we would substitute 41 Artists J S. THE ACTRESS. An Unpublished Story by Oscar Wilde. This story was told by Wilde to Miss when childand written out by her. A few copies were privately printed butthis is the first time it has been given to the public. J? &amp;Other stories of the same series appeared in the January andApril numbers of The Mask. &amp; Tphere was once a great actress; A woman who had achieved suchtriumphs that the whole world of art worshipped at her feet.The incense of their worship had for many years filled her life anddimmed her eye for other things so that she wished for nothingelse.JO The day came, however, when she met a man whom she loved withall her soul. Then, all her art, and all her triumphs, and the clouds ofincense were as nothing to her love was her whole life. But eventhough this was so, the man she loved grew jealous jealous of thepublic that the woman no longer cared for.He asked her to give up her career and to leave the stage for ever.She did so easily, for she said; " Love is better than art, better thanfame, better than life itself. " And so she left the stage, and all itstriumphs gladly, and gave up her whole life to the man whom she loved.Time rushed by, and the man's love grew steadily less and less, andthe woman who had given up everything for it, knew It, and theknowledge of it fell on her like a chill mist at evening, and wrappedher from head to foot in a grey shroud of despair. But she was a bravewoman, and strong, and she looked the horror full In the face withoutflinching. She knew that she had reached the crisis of her life, the crisis"on the issue of which her whole fate hung. £/ She saw the situation with a cruel, sharp clearness, which cut intoher heart. She had sacrificed her career to her love. And now that lovewas failing her. If she could not find means of reviving that light whichwas now fading away it would soon burn out altogether, she would bedesolate in the midst of the ruins of her spoilt life. &amp;And now, the woman who had been a great actress, realised that her art, instead of being a help and an inspiration to her in this darkeststrait of her life, proved, on the contrary, a drawback and a hindrance.She missed the stage-manager's directions, and the author's ideas andwords. Hitherto she had never done ought without them, every thought,every intonation, and well-nigh every gesture had been indicated to her,for such is the actor's art. And now when called upon to think andoriginate and act for herself she felt helpless and without resource, likea child might who was suddenly confronted with a great problem. Butwith every day that passed, the necessity for action, prompt and strong,imposed itself on her more and more. One day, whilst she was pacingto and fro with the feelings of wild despair which was within her,increasing with every minute that passed, a man came to see her. Hehad been the manager of the theatre where she had acted in formerdays. He came to ask her to act a part at short notice in a new play.She refused. What had she to do with the stage, and with that false artwhich turned those who practised it into puppets, helpless puppets movedby strings which were in the hands of the stage-managers and theauthor. jS jt&amp; &amp;To-day she was face to face with a tragedy of real life, beside whichall the mock sufferings on the stage were but as so "much tinsel andcard-board. But the manager persisted, it meant money to him, andwas a Jew, and so he buzzed round her with the perseverance of a flyIn autumn, who will not be beaten off. &amp; &amp; &amp;Would she not at least read the play ? To be rid of him she read it,and she found that the tragedy of the play was the tragedy of her life.The situation was the same, and a solution of the problem was given.Fate had come to the actress's help in a stage-play. She would act itso as to master entirely every detail of the situation. And so she studiedthe part, and soon played it to a large audience. She acted with afervour of genius which she had never surpassed during .the whole ofher career, and the applause that thundered from all sides was the ir- resistable homage paid by the hearts and souls of men to all-conquer- !ng genius.When It was all over she returned home weary and half-stupefied,with the cries and shouts of the multitude ringing in her ears. She had given them her best, had poured the power and wonder of her soul attheir feet. All that was left to her now was a sense of powerlessnessand weakness. She arrived at her house weary and flower-laden. Suddenlyshe noticed the two places that were prepared at the supper table, andthen remembered that to-night was to decide her fate. She had forgottenit till then. At that moment the man she had loved came in, and hesaid, " Am I in time?"She looked at the clock and said, "You are in time; but you arejust too late." JZ? &amp; £? &amp; TWO SAYINGS by Oscar Wilde. geauty is a form of Genius... is higher, indeed, than Genius, as it needsno explanation. zg? zz? jg? &amp; zgr /zr An artist should create beautiful things, but should put nothing of hisown life into them. We live in an age when men treat art as if Itwere meant to be a form of autobiography. We have lost the abstractsense of beauty; SIGNOR BRIGHELLA by Dr Cesare Levi. (i) n these days ojne seldom sees him: scarcely even in some" Commedia con maschera " by Papa Goldoni does thegreen and white Brighella of the ancient Commedia del- -I'Arte, the astute and roguish servant, make his rapidappearance to assist some gallant intrigue of his master's, or, as Lescaut in "Manon", ...not so vary dissimilar from him in moralcharacter.... says, to give some counsel " full of wisdom ". &amp;4? Yet in past times "il Signor Brighella " has had his fortunate mo- ments: the Zanni of the improvised comedy has held the sceptre onthe stage for more than a century, though he has never had the fortuneof his colleague Arlecchino, the foolish servant... perhaps because thespectators are not too fond of seeing intelligence and smartnesstriumph and prefer the awkwardness of Arlecchino to Brighella's subtletyof intrigue.The origins of this masque are ancient: ancient and uncertain, likeall origins.&amp; According to the chronicle of Malvezzi, quoted by Sismondi, " two"thousand two hundred of the nobles of Brescia wanted to oblige the" citizens to take up arms against the Bergamese and they did not" consent. From this followed bloody battle in the streets of Brescia in" which the nobles were left discomforted, where upon they fled to" Cremona and there founded a military band. The popular part formed" another under the name of Brughella or Brighella ". &amp;Have we a mind to give to the plebeian masque of the servant sonoble an origin? Or, rather, to derive the name from the eighteenthcentury actor, Antonio da Molina, known as il Burchiella4? This second origin is even more extravagant than the former. Better perhaps, to affirm more simply with Maurice Sand, that Brighella de- rives frcm briga, intrigue; in fact a characteristic of the masque isprecisely that of confusion : Brighella is the personification of cabal, ofknavery; thus he descends in direct lineage from the slave Rseudole ofthe Greek Comedy and from the Plautinian Epidico : the "Slavero" ofthe " Plovana ", a comedy by Beolco has likewise many analogies withBrighella. Toldo also believes that this masque came from the eruditeItalian comedy, which, as everyone knows, Is an imitation from theLatin.His fatherland is Bergamo : you will always hear him say to Arlec- chlno, "dear peasant", for while he honours himself as being of Bergamo- alta, Arlecchino is of Bergamo-bassa, and he would have it that theinhabitants of the upper city were more intelligent and keener-wittedthan those of the lower: his noble title Is "Brighella Cavicchio dl ValBrembana".In the most ancient times, when he was not a vainglorious bragger,a kind of Capitan Spavento, Brighella had all the vices, all the failings,of a base and wicked man: a liar, a drunkard, often a thief, sometimesan assassin, an adventurer of the worst kind. Then, with the passing ofyears, he went on modifying himself, and, while remaining the usefuland obliging servant even in somewhat indecorous services, he grew re- fined, became astute and was no longer violent: a thief only when afavourable opportunity offered, a thief, but with civility: vivacious, chat- tering, insolent he always remained. "It is very well known " saysBartoli, " that Brighella usually feigns himself to be a Bergamese man" of ordinary extraction, of no culture, but dexterous, crafty and author" of witty inventions". &amp; &amp;And Perrucci, in his " Arte Rappresentativa " writes, " The other" Zanni, (Brighella) must be astute, ready, comical, cunning, that he" may be able to perplex, delude, trick and deceive the world ; satirical" but cum moderamine,in such away that his repartees may have" something salacious but not foolish " about them.In the earliest times, however, he cannot have had much good fortunebecause we find him in none of the collections of Scenari of the six- teenth century, nor in those of Scala nor in those of Bartoli: we find him as " servant of Alfonso " in a scenario of the end of the seventeenthcentury, a manuscript of the Cicogna Collection, preserved in the MuseoCorrer at Venice and published by Stoppato. JZ? &amp;The costume of the ancient Brighella consists of a jacket and pairof wide trousers of white linen, (perhaps to indicate his rustic origin) ;of a large cap with a green border and a little cloak which representedthe livery; thus Sand also represents him to us in his " Masques etBouffons " : the costume of 1570 did not change greatly in modern times:the ancient Brighella wore long hair and a short pointed beard; his maskwas dark-coloured, (perhaps a derivation from the Latin Sanniones ?):he wore at his side a belt with purse and dagger. By Gcldoni's time thedagger has disappeared. 0? £?Goldoni rehabilitated the masque: in the comedies of the Venetianadvocate, Brighella is often an honest and faithful servant, attached tohis master, incapable of the smallest indelicacy. In Goldoni, Brighella speaks Venetian: in olden times he spoke adialect in which various dialects mingled but in which Venetian alwayspredominated: for the better comprehension of the spectators, (and alsofor the well-being of their ears 1) how much more agreable must havebeen the sweet and soft dialect of the Lagoons instead of the rude andinharmonious Bergamese venacular! JZ? JZ?&amp; Prom Brighella originated a great number of masques and of stagetypes of the Italian Theatre: Beltrame is a very near relation of Brighel- la, and so is Fenocchio. &lt;0 JZ/&amp; But the Zanni with the white and green blouse was to give life tothe most living and active figures of the classical French Theatre.Moli&amp;re's derivations from the ancient Commedia dell'Arte are wellknown: Moland studied them fully. It is especially in the parts of theservants that we find most prominent the characteristics of the impro- vised comedy, save that on the French stage the astute servant had moresuccess than the stupid; Mezzetino and Scapino, Sganarello and Masca- rlllo, the audacious and cunning servants of Moli£re's Comedy, descendin direct line from Brighella, and his brother in the flesh is that Sbri- gani, who, after having for three acts on end made game of that poor" Signor di Pourceaugnac ", hears himself told by the provincial he has been making Jest of, "Here is the only real gentleman I have ever known !This time Moliere does not even hide the origin ; he makes SbriganiItalian, like Brighella. In the French Comedy of the eighteenth centurythe Italian Brighella will be called Crispino, Frontino, Figaro... And thebarber of the immortal trilogy of Beaumarchais, is not he, too, an astuteservant and full of resources, Just such a one as the Italian Brighella?Thus the Zanni with the white and green blouse cannot complain ofhis descent; he has made a good deal of progress from his native BergamolAnd he has not stopped at Paris only ! While on the stage, first ofthe Palais-Royal and afterwards of the Thddtre-Fran9ais and of theTheatre-Italien, he won, under another dress and another name, ap- plause and fame; while he contributed to the fame of Moliere, of theRegnards, of the Lesages, of Beaumarchais, Brighella in his own landtimidly showed himself between two lively beats of a Qoldonian comedy,....just to show that he had not altogether disappeared; or flung hislast " lazzt" into the comic fables of Count Carlo Gozzi. If Goldoni rihabiiitated him morally, Gozzi raised him in rank anddignity: he is, together with Truffaldino, "the King's huntsman" inthe " Corvo " and "butler" in the " Re Cervo ", and "Master of Pages"in " Turandot"; in the "JAugellin Belverde " lover of Barbarina, he is" poet and soothsayer "; and he rises even to the grade of " captain ofthe guard " in the " Mostro turchino ". Ah, for but a short time S He isone of the beggars in the fable " I Pitocchi fortunati ", to descend againto his condition of servant, whether of the court as in the " Zobeide "or of a Vizir as in the " Donna Serpente ".... but always a servant. JZ/•that traditional to the ancient mask: specially does the " Amante Mili- tare " recall the ancient Brighella, overbearing and boastful and often asoldier. In this comedy, (certainly not amongst the best of Goldoni's,)Brighella is "recruiting sergeant"; with many blandishments he suc- ceeds in enrolling his compatriot Arlecchino, who very soon wants tohave no more of the military life and tries to desert.&amp; Brighella is servant and confidant of Florindo in the " Bugiardo "  servant of Ottavio in the " Tutore of Pantalone in the " Uomo Pru- dente": Innkeeper In the "Servitore dei due Padroni", he returns to be the servant of the house in the " Puntigll domestic! " and in the "Fa- migiia dell'antlquarlo " : in the one comedy, as husband of Corailina, hesquabbles with her and is the cause of ail the quarrels and differences inthe house of the Count Ottavio, speaks ill of his master, is discoveredfor the rascal that he is and driven away; in the other, servant of CountAnselmo, who has a mania for antiques, he introduces Ar'ecchino intothe house disguised as an Armenian and confuses his master, makinghim buy old rubbish for objects of great rarity. Where Brighella is in- comparable for drollery is in the " Figlia obbediente ", where as fatherof the dancer Oiivetta he gives himself importance and airs over themoney ill-acquired by his daughter: the comedy is not only a delightfulcaricature of the newly-enriched man, the parvenu, but a yet moreprofound satire of a type not a little ignoble and vulgar.In three or four comedies,... among the better ones... Qoldoni makesof Brighella an honest man, attached to his masters, faithful even toscrupulousness.... It is the end of the mask! Brighella is dead !&amp; When the type loses its characteristics it is finished: in transformingit Goldoni humanized it, and Goidoni well knew what he was doing:Brighella, owing to the great reformer, ceased to be a mask, a fixed typewith immutable characteristics, and became a man like so many others,a man of flesh and blood, a man subject to the passion! and the weak- nesses of other men,&amp; In the "Moglie Saggia" Brighella, servant of Count Ottavio, is a goodman, attached to his mistress Rosaura. In the "Donna di Garbo " Bri- ghella has been the one to introduce Rosaura into the Doctor's house:Rosaura caresses him and is fond of him, an affection requited by anequal fidelity. In the " Cavaliere di Buon Gusto " Goldoni raises him alittle in rank: from groom Count Ottavio promotes him, as a rewardfor his honesty, to be house-steward. But in the " Serva Amorosa " Bri- ghella is the true dens ex machtna of the play: it is he who gives tohis master sooner than to the Notary an important paper, which mustfinally open the eyes of the old and childish Pantalone to the wickednessof Beatrice, and he ends by marrying Corailina, the " serva amorosa ".But Goldoni, who wanted little by little to exclude the masks fromthe stage without running counter too suddenly to the taste of the public; who wanted to improve Comedy by a bringing face to face of the scur- rility, the whims, the eccentricities of the old Comedy with the simpli- city, the humanity, the urbanity of the new,... that of which he washimself the creator.... Qoldonl did not attribute over much importanceto the scenes in which the masks played their part; (&lt;) he conceded a littleto the taste of the public, and tolerated it, but he tried always increa- singly to cause them to be forgotten. &amp;Goldoni received, however, great praise at that time for a celebratedBrighella, the Milanese Giuseppe Angeleri, who from 1735 to 1754 haddistinguished himself In the parts of Brighella. Goldoni in his "Memories"describes his death which took place in Milan shortly after the perfor- mance. In fact it was suspected that Angeleri had been poisoned throughwomen's jealousy. ? ■&lt;&amp;One of the most famous Brighellas of the eighteenth century wasPletro Gandini, a Veronese. Quadrlo says that he had a great dispositionfor the theatre and from a child, joking with his companions, inventedand performed little comedies.&amp; When grown up he went on to amuse himself with the academiciansof his own parts, and entered a company of players. It was he who in- vented the fashion, afterwards imitated by very many, of transforminghimself before the eyes of the spectators into various curious person- nages, playing instruments, singing little songs, " and performing otherplays pleasant and worthy of admiration ".Bartoli, the Plutarch of our ancient comedians, says that 44 his talentwas such as to be heard of beyond the Alps, and he was urgently de- manded at Paris". fie died in the year 1760. &amp;Brighella made the name of many others also: of Cimatori, of Fran- cesco Berti, of Giovanni Rossi, of Carlo Campi, of Antonio Martelli, ofCarlo Giussani, of Tommaso Fortunati, of Gaspare Marzocchi, of LuigiDelicati, of Giuseppe Majani, of Luigi Lazzarini ; but all these wereoutdone, for originality and versatility of talent, by the Ferrarese Ata- nasio Zannoni. He was one of the best comedians of the eighteenth century, excellentalso without a mask, and a man of much culture and learning. He hadone of those very changeful physionomies which, one would say In theslang phrase, "s! smontano " : (i) an expressive mimic in the highestdegree; in a word, a Noveili of the eighteenth century; In this connec- tion a good story is told of him. A lady wished to have a portrait of aperson dear to her; and since this person obstinately refused to pose4 *for the portrait, she thought of resorting to Zannoni: the actor consented,and in a short time succeeded in forming for himself a physionomy iden- tical with that of the person in question, and the painter, copyingZannoni, was able to produce a picture' which was a marvellous likeness.Zannoni, who had married a sister of the celebrated " Truffaldino ".Sacchi, and had entered his Company, is most [highly praised by CarloGozzi in the Preface to the " Re Cervo ".ft was Zannoni who collected and published in a volume all the exitsfrom the stage, the 44 discorsi di bravura", the quips, the sayings; thatwhich, in a word, the players of the Commedia dell'Arte called&amp; To explain what these were I will quote the words of Riccoboni Inhis 44Histoire du Theatre Italien ". "To sustain the comedy and renderif easier to be performed by mediocre actors it was necessary to resortto the Monologues and to those common situations which the Italianscall 44 Robbe Generiche " and of which the actors make use in followingthe interest and the situation of the scene ". From the Genericl Brighelleschi of Atanasio Zanone (sic !) I gleansome curious quips, some bizarre definitions, some repartees.Someone having wished him the gallows, Brigheiia replies thus; 44 I44 wish you a hundred years of life, but ninety [of malignant fever and44 ten of grievous agony ", and gives this definition of women: 44An ugly anawell-dressed woman Is like a fox, one throws away the flesh aud keepsthe skin and this of defects .• 44 defects are like odours, of which one ismore aware when they are around one than on oneself" ; and in con- *elusion, this counsel, not to count a woman's years: 44 If you don'twant curses, don't count women's ages'4. (2)^ j0 Such eccentricities must have greatly pleased the public when theZanni who used them possessed its sympathies through being as smartand witty as was Zannoni: but they must have been insupportable in amediocre actor, or even if too often repeated : the monotony of suchstrainings after effect was not one of the least causes of the end of theCommedia deli'Arte.This is well expressed by Goidoni, through the mouth of his "Anselmo"who in the " Teatro Comico " represented Brighella to the poet, whoreads him one of his plays: 44 But don't you know that Dialogues, exits,soliloquies, reproofs, conceits, despairs, tirades, are things that are notused any more (i) And when a few scenes afterwards Brighella makesin fine style his tirade according to the ancient custom: "that pilot who,finding himself on the high seas " Orazio, the poet of the company,quickly interrupts, *• That's enough. These comparisons, these allegoriesare no longer used ": to which Brighella replies, " And yet when onedoes it the people clap their hands ". jZ&gt;&amp; Not for much longer, one might say today, were they to be applaudednor were they always supported by the genius of a Gandini, of a Zannoni.£/ This last Brighella &lt;also, like Angeleri, like Cimatori who died bythe way at Lyons, was to die a violent death: while coming out from asplendid supper Zannoni, perhaps unsteady on his legs, fell into a canal;on being pulled out he was obliged to go to bed, but rose no more. Itwas the year 1792. &amp;j&amp; Brighella ended with the " Serenissima ": those were the last gloriesof the Republic of St Mark which coincided with the last lazzi of thelast Brighella. A symbolical death!£? In the meantime, over In Paris, one of the sons of Brighella, Figaro,had proclaimed the rights of man, and raised his voice before his masterand wanted to be considered, he too, as a man. &amp; &amp; /srBrighella threw away the white and green livery and the big hat andset on his head the Friesian cap. . &amp; (i) A Translation published by the courtesy of the Directors of " Nafura ed Arte. " (i) An example of the treatment meted out to '* these masked giants that strode across the centuries for awhile, helping Shakespeare, suckling Moliere, creating Goldoni, and being driven away from the haunts of manby the ungrateful children they had reared The Mask. Vol: 3, p. 100. (1) Literally *4 take t© pieces".(2) Several are omitted, as 1 ©sifig to© much when tsnslated from the original dialect. (1) Aet 2. Sc. 1. OUR DAILY NEEDS, by V. Surgen. ITEM. FOR BREAD: 20 pounds per Annum" " MUS /C: 2 0 pounds 44 44 usic having passed out of Life we go in search of its re- mains in dusty little corners. It is a pity it was allowed togo: it should be called back it would like that....; and it would be less angular, less in the corner,.... and soless dusty. £* g? jg? We think that we have the best music In London, Paris, Berlin andthe other centres. it is these centres that are the corners.&amp; Do you really want to know where the best music is to be heard?this day.... sometime now never., that's the time.... Yes," but where the placeupon the heaththere to meet with Macbeth. "Yes, upon the Heath when it thunders and when it rains... when theGods play upon the rotundity of the world when it wails in a galeor when it hums and zings on the golden strings drawn taut from earthto sun. Then man joins in lustily or drowsily,.... then and there we havethe only music still left to relieve life from the' deadliness of its stormand calm. But in the life of the cities there is no music. Whereas in themountains or fields it comes to us, In the cities we had learnt thatwe had to create it; for a special kind of music is needed inthe cities, in our city work. We had learnt that and now, alas, wehave forgotten it.&amp; The artists used to be plain ordinary men just like ourselves, theirdaily work being to play for us. We paid them for their piping. Howclever we were once. How thoroughly practical and witty of us to knowthen that we needed music, ....a particular kind of music.... just as weneeded bread,..:, a particular kind of bread. Town bread, town music.Rough natural bread we knew wouldn't do. How clever to know that,And so we had softer more delicate bread made, and the same kind ofmusic t00.... for our health and our family's health.And It all seemed so natural. And then one day our wife said to us, " John, I hate been enquiring Into this matter of bread and music andI find that we pay our baker L. 20.0.0. a year for bread {and our musi- cian L. 20.0.0. a year for music. " And we answered her, not knowingher mind. " Well, my dear, and that is very little methinks ". But sheanswered us again to our wonderment, "Yes, John, but we are obliged" to pay L. 20.0.0. a year for our bread because the baker tells me that" he is obliged to pay heavily for the flour and the yeast. But with that" music fellow it is different: it -costs him nothing to make his music" for his materials are given him by the good God. What do you say,*' John ? Shall we cut him down to L. 10.0.0. a year and so save" L. 10.0.0. ? we could buy you a new overcoat or new pantaloons," John, and our little Jeannette a new rattle ". &amp;Serpent!And who still believes that there was both a real serpent and a womanin the Garden ? • Who is there that has seen the trail of the glidingthing but knows today that the impression on the earth clearly revealsthe female form divine? &amp;Thus it is that we have lost our music. For after we had cut downthe musician's salary to half its original size the musician gasped weheard that gasp somewhere in the thirtys, or was if earlier, muchearlier ? At any rate there has gradually been less and less moneypaid to the musician for his " daily music " because the man nevertroubled and the woman made up her mind not to be swindled anylonger,£/ Fool as well as serpent! And now except in restaurants and In thea- tres music does not enter into our life. It stays in the eating housesand in the theatre places because women want it to stay there. And nicemeaty stuff it i 5.... pretty tinseily tinkles too. Cheap as dirt.... in thedusty corners! There we find music in our life. &amp; &amp;You notice how cheap it is, no? well, you see there are fivehundred people eating in a big room and there is L. 12.0.0. or L. 20.0,0.of music split up between 'em. About ninepence a head at most. Orthere are three thousand people being bored in a theatre and thereis about L. 20.0.0. worth of music for them,... less than a penny a headis what they have to pay. &amp; J£? JZ? &lt;£? •£? The popular prices of the Serpent, &amp; &amp;+And of course you can't (or don't anyhow) get real fine old musi- cians to play at three farthings a head; yon really don't. So thatmusic has gone out of our life altogether and musicians are slowlybeing turned into philosophers. And if by chance we hear their musicwe fee! queer about it and we ask, '« who could dance to that" ? Theanswer is, " what, do you still want to dance ? do you still want tomove ? 1 thought you felt no need for that, I thought you wanted some- .thing to think aboutJZ? JZ? JZ&gt; £?&amp; No, but isn't it just a bit tragic.... as well as comic, that musiciansshould be starved for centuries into slowly and deliberately becomingthinkers and philosophers when all the blessed children had to do wasto feel and to make us feel. Assuredly they do still feel they feelthe pinch, (i) And we hear the squeal, the groan, the sigh, or else thequiet throbbing of the brain of the artist-turned-philosopher, regardingthose who have done him to a turn.&amp; When musicians and all artists shall unlearn the words, " Fatherforgive them, " and the rest, then and only then will the woman befound out and be happy to be caught meddling and put back inher place. J&amp;JZ?JZTJZ}JZ?JZ?UZ?J&amp;There must be no question of further forgiveness. And it Is for thisreason that I rather like so much these Futurists in all the arts.Futurist is a much better name for it all than Post-anythlng or Pre- anything else. &amp; JZ? JZ? JZ? &amp; £? hat is what became clear to me the other evening in Paris whenby a good chance I was able to get to hear some new musicwhich of course wasn't allowed (as it should be) to get to me. The music I was to hear was by an Englishman.£? Dr Vaughan Williams is a Futurist. He doesn't know he i 5......neither does he know what it means: if he did he'd quickly recantand become a shepherd on Ben Nevis or a type setter if he preferredcity life. But he Is Just one of those amazing people who are leading usforward to the place we left years, centuries, ago. As he is an English Futurist he lets us down middling,.... but his rage is terrible nonethe less. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; " I don't forgive them they shall learn what they have done ".Not that I would suggest for a moment that the genial Doctor is atal! conscious of his Jove-like mood. Looking in his glass In the morningthe Doctor only sees the mask which, like all profound Englishmen, hepurposely wears by accident. uS&gt; &amp; &amp;So when I went to the Salle Gaveau to hear the Doctor's Poemes pourchant, piano et quatuor " I was enchanted. The majority of the people had gone there to hear tinklings, twiddlingsand trillings by exceedingly worthy and high-class theatre and restau- rant musicians, and looked a little helpless without the gap-filling food.And when the twiddling bits were over they one and all made for thedoors: but nearly all were arrested at that instant by a strange cloudwhich began to put the place in shadow. &amp; &amp; It was the entrance of Dr Vaughan Williams and his managers.The solid phalanx approached in dreadful silence upon the field nowstrewn with the sweet and sticky gore and gush which had but latelyissued from those who had taken part in the sugary duel of twiddlingand twaddling. &amp;In an instant everything was transformed. The gods rose up once moreand held the people captive. &amp;No one moved : how could they ? The sentence was about to be pro- nounced ; they, doom'd prisoners, understood. The Doctor had donnedthe black cap.Then the message. &amp;J3 Some of us applauded like cannibals whilst the rest stood stock still.In our rage we made enough noise for forty thousand, and we seemedto be possessed by the souls (or hands) of those dead musicians whomthat Wife had claimed in the thirtys. &amp; &amp; Altogether it was bracing Blake explains what that means.11 was " DAMN " unadorned, the horrific mood of old Blake. It wasnot " Father forgive them ". And music? what of the music?&amp; The message was music, my friends, and there was no music with a message. How provoking that is! you cry. You don't like people whoare paradoxical..oDON'T YOU! &amp;Then you hate yourselves, my friends, for it is you who have madelife the paradox it is ; it is you that have complicated it ever since youallowed woman to meddle in affairs of Art and Life ; and until you putthe sweet lady back In her place once more you'll never be free fromthe paradoxes and the pains and the penalties. And the way to beginsetting things right again is to pay annually that L. 20.0.0. a piece forVyour music:.... in fact pay the same sum as you pay for your nice whitenecessary bread. And then.... God be with you.&amp; Verbum sat sapienti. (1) &amp; (l) Tight lacing came m as a kind of 44 leit motif " with the reduced salaries of musicians. JACQUES DALCROZE AND HIS SCHOOL, by John Balance. Vfou probably have never heard of Dalcroze. You've heard of MaudAllen well, that's not it; You've heard of Del Sarte ? that's not it/either; You've heard of Isadora Duncan?.... well, that's nearer it, and,to do M. Dalcroze full justice, in his teaching he reaches nearer to MissDuncan's ideal than that of one of her imitators or one of her masters.But then Dalcroze is himself no originator. There seems to be reallyno exquisite reason why he should be except that we like a man to thinkand feel for himself. If a woman derives her inspiration from a man itsonly natural; she adds a personal touch which is common to her sex andsomehow that staggers us a11.... as it very rightly should do. We areail of us always staggered by that sex; the gods were even staggered.Jupiter reeled ; Ap0110,... well, that's different, for," is not even Apollo, with hair and barpstring of goldA bitter God to follow ! a beautiful God to behold " ? (2) Apollo...creator of Form, bringer of Light, Music; the impersonal God,the God who burns up the dross; burns Isis, has power over Osiris. Comenow, here is an Inspiration which counts. And in him we have the Godbefore whom even the staggering impertinence of the fair sex comes toa standstill. The tiptilted noses droop beautifully again, and the ladiesmake way for the true artists once more to advance and reveal thepower of Apollo. J&amp;Dalcroze knowing this claims that his art is Apollonian. Alas, it is not.Instead it is the real old Theatrical article served up very neatly. ForApollo never asked for a parade of womanly charms in his service. " Abitter God to follow". Women don't follow after Gods that offer bitter- ness, for there are very very few women who know how to make beautyand goodness out of what spreads itself as bitterness on the earth. No,Venus, or some more pleasant Deity is their favourite. And as Dalcrozefills his school with girls he empties it of Apollonian possibilities andlets the Cyprian slip into the Fold.M. Dalcroze's girls are just delightful. No one who sees them exerci- sing or watches them as they watch their master, can doubt for a mo- ment that they are true and sincere worshippers of Venus. She it is whocoos over all at Hellerau ; ...a distinguee, nice and pretty modern Venus;modern because, unlike all the other Deities, she will be " in the fa- shion ". Although a quite brainless, soulless Goddess she is intelligent....1 once had a dear little pussy catcalled Topsy, and what that creaturecouldn't do! ...but to the matter in hand.Under the inspiration of Venus modernized into something at oncehealthy and chic M. Dalcroze advances to instruct his many promisingpupils in the art of Rhythm. Gymnastics, Dancing and Dramatic Gestureare practised In d00r5,... or out d00r5.... for M. Dalcroze has a delightfuland vast open air courtyard designed by the architect Heinrlch Tessenowwho doesn't seem to have wasted an ounce of his material or an inchof his space. sS&gt; &amp;1 can't sp9ak too highly of this whole building. It is made for thepurpose to which It is to be applied, and it is a real working place. Andwhat energy and enthusiasm the subscribers to the whole affair haveshown \£/ Into this building Dr Dalcroze dumps his girls, and sets them swingingtheir arms and legs and bodies. Outwardly all is perfect, for the girlsare just the perfectest girls that ever girls could be. Inwardly there isnothing &amp; &lt;£? JZ?&amp; I mean, of course, comparatively nothing. For inwardly there arehearts, beating awfully prettily, and emotions chasing one another, andbeliefs all butterfly-like playing easily at Bc-Peep : ...and there are verypretty little dances, and such a nice feeling of good breeding and pleasanthours spent. And there's just the prettiest of houses near the schoolwhere the girls are kept and fed and where they exchange those lovelyconfidences which girls alone know how to exchange without havinggiven anything.The head mistresses of the school are most intelligent ladies oftnuchrefinement and thoroughly capable, and no one could desire a moreperfect directress than Frau Mabel-Rlees. J£? J&amp;&amp; And yet the net result of the whole effort is nothing,&amp; Individuality is lost in this school. And that is rather a grave matter,because they employ the individual even as the carpenter employs woodor the goldsmith gold. Herein lies the root-evil of the whole matter. Girls are employed likeso much marble or g01d.... and Dalcroze, like Michaelangelo, hacks awayat them, turns them, bends them and of course they like it,Excellent I excellent that any and all girls should like being bent andturned by a man ;... it is an old virtue of theirs, but it has the disad- vantage of in no way conducing towards the production of a work of art.lt has been lately pointed out, (i) and for the first time so far as 1know, that a work of Art can only be made '• from those materials inwhich we can calculate " and it has been shown that " man is not oneof these materials " because " the whole nature of man tends towardsfreedom ". And therefore as " Art only arrives by design ", to make useof the bodies of men and women can only end in creating somethingaccidental. If this has but lately been proclaimed as a principle it hasfor centuries been realized by every artist, great or small from East toWest as a truth. JZ? The girls whom M. Dalcroze shows us in the frontispiece to his bookare awfully pretty and charming : they spring up into the air like thedearest of nymphs,.. but they don't bear looking at besides even thesmallest statue by Donatello or by Yeshin-SSdzu. It is Venus versusApollo, and she loses the throw. JZ?Compare these dear little dancers with a different and a less spiritualwork of art; put them beside the figures carved and coloured in the sixthcentury before Christ by the master at the Acropole and their Goddessdeserts them.... for Dionysus peers out through the Temple doors. So let us remember; the old Laws hold good, and if the grandest Lawof Life is Liberty, the grandest Law of Art is Slavery, The artist himselfis a servant... he is the servant of God and he is commanded to go andselect any material which creation can yield him ; but he must not makeuse of man, woman, child, bird, beast (i) or any other living thing in hisattempt to make a work of art. These things are free agents and mustbe left free; these are already formed, already fitted with life: to touchthese, to take these with intent to use them as materia! of a work of artwould be to eat of the Tree of Life that is forbidden That one tree0n1y,... and theatrical people have disobeyed. JS? £?M. Dalcroze is not exactly a theatrical person ; he is a musician. Hecomes promising to release us; he only binds us all more selfishly andmore cunningly than his predecessors. As master of gymnastics and di~rector of a well-ordered establishment for young ladies we are all infavour of M. Dalcroze. As a teacher of art we consider him entirely lack°ing in conscience, bringing false counsel of a very dangerous kind,..,...that ancient advice of the serpent with its lithe and sinuous gestures,"Ye shall not surely die, for God doth know that in the day ye eat there"of your eyes shall be opened and ye shail be as Gods, knowing good"and evil "And it is to women that the good fascinating, harmless M. Dalcroze appeals. They are to be goddesses again,... through the power of Rhythmand by the grace of Dalcroze. £?He would have been right to make such an offer but for one smallthing woman.Let us remember that against the Laws of Nature and against theLaws of Art it is forbidden to rebel, and he who does so shall not pre- vail, and his disobedience shall eternally plague him.&amp; Come then, let us move on; let us strive to give birth to a new art ofthe Theatre; but let us learn first the Laws, however stern they may be,and surely forbid ourselves that which Nature has already forbidden us. (1) i« e. "a wick is as good as a nod to a Mind horse". (1) Swinburne. "Hysnn to Proserpine." (l) In 14 Oa the Art of the Theatre by E. Gordon Craig. (i) Pen'ormiog Animals are every whit as eligible to be called artists as are either Actors or Dancers, yetno one so far as 1 can recall has claimed for any tronpc of performing elephants or dogs what Dalcroze claimsfor his troupe o' girls. Nearly everyone realizes that the practise of training living things to perform obedientlybefore the public is merely a harmless if objectionable sillyness which appeals only to those in quest of thepeculiar and unnatural,...well then?,. ON TRUTH AND ERROR. Goethe. •*jphe truth has always need of being repeated, because error Is cease- lessly and repeatedly preached to us, and not only by some isolatedvoice but by the crowd. In the newspapers, encyclopaedias, in the schoolsand the universities, everywhere error holds the first rank; it is at itsease with the majority, who charge themselves with its defence.Conversations with Eckermann. 1822-1832. THE PAINTER IN THE THEATRE. A Note by Gordon Craig, Suggestion for staging "Monna Vanna" by Georges Banks. copy of that excellent journal 44 Rhythm " has been sent me bysomeone for some reason and If 1 could better understand thereason I should know better how to speak of the article which was specially marked for me. J&amp; J£/&amp; This article was called 44 Stagecraft " and was written by Mr GeorgesBanks, whom 1 take to be a painteryet I may be quite wrong in myguess, for Mr Banks might be Mr Holbrook Jackson in disguise or evenMr Allen Carrie,.... except that Carrie really does know something aboutthe stage although he theorizes only and abstains from the practise.Still, without knowing who and what Mr Banks may be when he isat work, and without knowing why he selects to send me of all peoplehis Interesting article without any word of explanation or excuse, Ibelieve so much in all these new movements that I can easily find aserious word or two to say about the suggestions of Mr Banks.The gist of the article, then, is that Mr Banks went twice to theTheatre des Arts in Paris, saw from the stalls and the upper circle acertain play by Dostoiewski, 44 Les Freres Karamasov " and, "seeing thepiece first from the stalls and then from the upper circle " found a newproblem revealed unto him. 44 From upstairs the scenery entirely dis- -44 appears, leaving the action to take place against a grey floor carpet44 composed of the elements of black frock coat and white shirts and44 arresting all movement, so that the artist has not merely to pro- -44 duce one vision, but four, below, above, right and left. " &amp;&amp; This passage doesn't make things as clear to me as I would like, butat all events 1 gather that when in the upper circle a new problem wasrevealed to Mr Banks.&amp; Had 1 been with him I could have told him that dozens of new problemsare revealed to us from that awful crow's nest, and that it's one of thehundred damnabilities with which we have to reckon when consideringour art as a whole, JZ?Mr Banks likes to consider a part of the art as though it were thewhole; and this is not quite right of him.He therefore gets a false revelation. The upper circle is never very inspiring and should have been done away with some centuries ago, andit is wrong to think of adapting the art to its frame or to the floorfrom which we regard it when the frame and floor are both capable ofbeing improved out of existence. jp &amp;The floor of the Theatre is the Earth: we need not bother our headsany longer about whether stage performers should be seen from anyangle but the normal right angle of the straight floor laid as close tothe earth as possible. And it is because Mr Banks does trouble himselfabout this, pondering a trifle too earnestly upon the value of theupper circle, that he wanders into a complication which is quiteunnecessary* would have us use the floor as a background all for the sake ofthe upper circle, painting on it a decorative background.... a helpfulbackground for the helpless who have been skyed against their willIn a circle which I feel sure even Dante would have refused to reportupon. &amp; &amp; jg &amp; &amp;Mr Banks gives us an example of what he means in word and pictureand these I reproduce here.44 the production of the third act of Maeterlinck's " Monna Vanna44 where it Is obvious that only half a tent can be staged. Here we have" a magnificent opportunity to display, by the floor decoration alone, the" shape, sise, ornament and background to the upper portion of the" audience, as it is impossible to have a high not so44 much on account of the limitations of the tent, but because the two44 figures must not be dwarfed on account of the significance of the44 acting which takes place. Two human beings at the summit of their44 lives, one seated upon a couch, the other lying upon the floor, talking44 calmly without action, demand the prominence of facial expression.44 The garments must be simple in design, but depth and purity of colour«4 are essential. 44 In the decorative striping of the tent we have the opportunity of44 carrying down the lines on the floor-cloth, converging to a semi circle44 with the suggestion of where the tent pole would be. Besides the outer44 drop-curtain a second, of the same material as the tent; parted and " already drawn aside, would suggest the missing half and at the same44 time convey seclusion and dignity and be an immense asset to the" i maginative realization of the scene &amp;That's all perfectly right, but quite valueless for the reason stated,a nd It Is not a little reprehensible of Mr Banks to rush into print afterundue consideration of this question of the Theatre. &amp;It smacks too much of the market, especially when we read thefollowing passage: 44 When the Theatre des arts in Paris employed the" autumn salon artist to paint scenery last year, it was considered utter44 folly ; but M. Rouche knew what he was about, and in some cases the44 success has been very considerable, while to the craftsman the mistakes44 are of considerable significance. " &amp;&amp; For though it was by no means folly of M. Rouche to invite the Salonpointer into the theatre it was an utterly wrcng thing of him to do,more especially as he belongs to that ever enlarging group of menwhose programme is frankly announced as 44 the Reform of theTheatre ". &amp; &amp;I am not a reformer of the Theatre. Some of these days 1 may findmyself ready to start the reform of the Drama, but at present I see toomany places where 1 would compromise and we know well that Reformad mlts of no compromise. And for this reason I sincerely wish that manyof these admirable theatre directors would abstain from announcingt heir efforts for Reform, for, alas, it is very deceptive to the public. &amp;1 have written elsewhere (i) about the futility of us welcoming theco of the Salon~painter, for though in the House or theSal on he fce ever so good, as Theatre collaborator he is useless for heb rings new complications to an already too-complicated problem.&amp; Added to this he is poaching on our preserves and it will not do tobreak down the old hedges which divide our different properties. MonsieurA. or Monsieur B. may be very good fellow s, but they reveal a surprisinglac k of good taste by such inroads upon our £? &amp;&amp; I remember meeting the Russian painter Somoff in Moscow a fewyears ago and asking him if he had ever designed for the Theatre andhis reply was just what it should have been: 44 when I can spare fifteenyears to the study of the theatre I may feel that 1 could venture to work In the theatre " he said. We talked further about this question andfound out that he respected the Theatre sufficiently to abstain fromturning it to the pecuniary advantage he certainly could have derivedfrom it. A few more men of like character amongst the Russian, Frenchand German painters would spread a nicer feeling around the studiosand create in the more serious men of the theatre more confidence. 0&amp; I am very happy to be able to state that the painters of Englandunderstand and respect our labours thoroughly and begin altogether torealize that the Theatre must settle its own difficulties for itself. Thosepainters who continue to study the Theatre are giving up their study ofpainting for the House, Church or Salon. Mr Norman Wilkinson is oneof these and his assurance to me on this point gave me much happiness.Mr Hugo Rumbold is another painter who is going wholeheartedly intothe Theatre and away from the ■£?People so often exclaim " but fancy what James Pryde or AugustusJohn could do in the theatre ", believing that the Art of the Theatre orthe Art of Drama is a pictorial art. It is not; and therefore our twofriends would not be able to help us. They haven't offered, It's true, butthat shows the fine old feeling which in England teaches the Squire torespect his neighbours' hedges. There are fewer hedges in Prance,Russia and Germany, hence the appalling lack of restraint which the Sa- lon painters exhibit and which, alas, Mr Banks applauds so enthusiastically.The experience of the past failure of the outsider to influence theTheatre for good seems to count for nothing with these intrepid gentlemenwho have not remarked even the catastrophe which followed the Poets'invasion of our territory. These brought us balm in the shape of theword,... the perfect word, perfect In sound If not in sense,.... and whereis that word now? where the Poets? If perhaps we read them today inthe study we do not speak their verse on the stage save in as disastrousaway as we can achieve. In short, we never liked their perfect wordnor do we like the painter's perfect design in the theatre... and historyshows the way we have behaved towards both1 hold no brief for the man of the Theatre as positive demonstratorfor he demonstrates dreadfully; but lam with him heart and soul asdefender of his own property and of the right to say what shall not be in his art. One of the reasons why of late he has not been able to develophis own plot of land is that his time and force have been taken up indefending it against the Inroads of all the kind friends bringing fullyarmed " suggestions for improvement". ,What would the painters say, do you suppose, if we others should gointo their studios and attempt to demonstrate there the value of thetheories we hold upon the art of painting ? Should we even get admittedto the studios ? Supposing we were able to show that our theories would,if put into practise, help to increase their income, should we get a hea- ring ? I very much doubt it. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Why then do these same painters, with an impertinence which 1 hardlyrecognise in them, behave in this manner towards us and our art ? &amp;&amp; The only thing we can say in excuse for them is that they are actingin accordance with the restless and blind spirit of the age.... an agewhich applauds anything and everything which sentimental fashionbooms through a strange Press for stranger reasons,.... and over whichthe legislators seem to have lost all control. &amp; &amp; &amp; CAPTAIN JACK B. YEATS. A Pirate of theOld Schools: by Allen Carric. PREFACE: While my title is so suggestive it -will be as well toassure the reader that there will be positively no mention madeof the Prussian Theatre in this very far too brief article upon oneof the Glories of our National Drama. &amp; 7yir Jack B. Yeats plunders properly. He not only actually pretends tobe a pirate; he is one. But he only goes for those of the Old Trade.And he's done the business so thoroughly that It seems as though he isdestined to go down to posterity in Cassells' New Biographical Dictionaryas the Last of the Pirates. &amp; &amp; &amp; ■£&gt; &amp;Most Bucaneers reach their prime at forty. Captain Yeats was incommand at the age of six, and before he was twenty had scuttled thetwo most formidable vessels ever known on the High Seas. The "Pollock"and the " Reddington " were their names, it is said of them that as theycleft the vivid waters of the Ocean they left behind them a wake ofcross°bones over which the moon grinned horridly in likeness of a skull.In their day they had many a fine haul, but none ever so rich aswhen they captured the " Skelt&amp; £rThe fame of the " Skelt" still survives its destruction. The " Skelt"was a most daring vessel and over ten thousand bags of spangles werefound in its hold when it lost the day to the " Pollock " and the " Reddington ". These spangles were once in the care of John PhilipKemble, the most gaudy Admiral, though the grandest, in His Majesty'sNavy; but he came across the " Skelt" and was with his crew literallycut up into little bits. &amp;So you see Captain Yeats has every right to play at Pirates....for heknows how a Pirate must act.But if Captain Yeats,... now, alas, retired and become plain Mr JackYeats.... knows how to Rob he disdains to Imitate. His theatre is thetheatre of Skelt, Pollock and Reddington, but his manner is his own.&amp; He does not splutter or pour the colours about without any reasonbut that its theatrically right. "Isn't it Piratically right?" asks Yeats;" Isn't it natural?". And, " I'll be a true Pirate" says he, " and thenIf possible I'll be natural ". &amp; &amp;His toy theatre is the most natural Europe possesses. His Dramas arefilled with all the winds of Heaven. They are short, ....yet no one whoreads them, no one who has seen them, but feels they are as long as Life.£? " The Scourge of the Gulph " is without exception quite the firstdrama of the century. You may think, Reader, that I exaggerate, that 1am carried away by these pirates,.... or that 1 am mad. But 1 have atleast thirty nine good reasons which I could here put down 'twere itworth while, to prove logically that this Drama is without exception the first drama of the Century.In this masterpiece things happen. In Dramas of this century thingsdon't happen,In " The Scourge of the Gulph " they happen quick... lightning goesslower. Drama must beat lightning at its only game. Mr Yeats beats it.£/ There was an Irish dramatist called Synge who I once thought knewsomething about movement. I now realize that by the side of Jack YeatsSynge becomes a dreamer.Synge was never able to thrill us by a mere stage direction. Syngenever translated us a thousand miles in an instant as Yeats can withhis one solemn line of scenic art, " Scene one ; 'The Deck of the DistantLand' ". Why, to have put that down just as it is settles his right to theLaurels. £? £? &amp; &amp;But wait! On the next line we read, "Captain L. H. (which means he is on the Left Hand,.... damned sinister). La Lolita in hammock L. H.(also sinister in her own way). Bosun Broad with cat-o'-nine-tails R. H.(thats so clear). Miles R. H. (good honest tragic Miles) and Crew discovered".jg? If all this isn't glorious, what is ? For look at La Lolita,... how sheseems made for her hammock. I mean how her name swings In it. Syngewould never have captured a name like that. And that cat-o'-nine tails,...what a duet; Lolita and that instrument. And lastly the word " Disco- vered ". Why one feels they are lost from the start. The whole-of this first scene consists of 106 words only, and notone word too many nor too few; and it Isn't as though the cackle hadbeen cut for mere 'osses, ....it's cut for the Human Soul. And then, besides, Yeats cuts his own cardboard as well as his lines,and into the nice honest cardboard the Human Soul really enters. Now don't be a Oobson and utter those plaintive words, " well, thisis rather queer "... For It's not '* rather " anything. It's very everything.It's no trick of the magic canister like that of La Zuleika ; it's the pureold magic of Heaven, ....the magic of a sincere artist who has thrilledwith excitement.£? To be sure Jack Yeats has a few mannerisms ; but then, you see,they never get a chance of obtruding; they'll all cut down with the words:....there's no time, either, to see them.... because of the speed. &amp; There isn't a reader of The Mask who ought not to secure copies ofMr Yeats' Dramas and pictures. You go out of your way to spend a poundfor some dead stuff in heavy binding. Why ? you get Stop doing that. Get Yeats' works. And don't forget to do your bestto buy the Broadside.The copy for May 1911 has a superb design ofCaptain Blackboard swearing in his crew. It's coloured ; coloured withthe sun in the heart of its maker. A Scene for "The Scourge of the Gulph" designed by Jack B Yeats. HOW JACK B. YEATS PRODUCED HIS PLAYSFOR THE MINIATURE STAGE by the Masterhimself. The Miniature Stage of Jack B. Yeats. produced my first card board plays on a stage abut eighteen incheswide.But I found that only a very small audience could look on atonetime, so 1 had a stage made with a proscenium opening three feet eightinches wide and one foot ten inches high. The stage was made like a box,with the front (in two pieces) top and sides In the form of doors. Whenopened, the front and top made the sides and top of the proscenium.42 This larger opening allowed an audience sitting five or six abreastto get a very good view without being able to see through the wingsto the hands of those who manipulated the figures. j2 £/j2 The whole stage end of the room was curtained off, and from oncethe audience took their seats they had nothing before them but my cardboard actors and card board scenes. 42 42 j242 The figures were about nine inches high fastened firmly to laths ofthe same tone as the stage and by these laths the figures slid along.They could not move their limbs so the plays were written to suit thestiffness of the actors. j2&amp; The old " Penny Plain and Tuppence coloured " plays were adaptedfrom full grown plays like "Three fingered Jack, The terror of Jamaica,"or " Paul Clifford " or " Mazeppa ", plays which were full of sword fightsand pistollings, swoonings of ladies and poisonings of cups. Things im- possible to do with card board figures. So the old makers of the minia- ture plays did the only thing they could, they had a different figure forevery action and stage directions such as this : "Jack. No words; obey or perish. (Jack binds Rosa's hand swith a cord. Draw off Jack and R. H. PI. 7. she leans againstwing L. H. put on Jack at table PI. 5. ") j2 /2or this :" Quash. No hurry, Jack, take it easy. 'Cause him going tosend you down below to see your ole friend. &amp; .■&amp;(Desparate combat. Jack disarms Quashee when a struggletakes place. Draw off figures combatting and put on Jack andQuashee bottom of PI. 6. Jack is about to strangle Quashee when Tuckey with pistol R. H. pi. 6 appears at top of rockbetween the two scenes. He fires and wounds Jack who leavesgo his hold. Quashee then springs up and stabs Jack in thebreast. Draw off the figures and put on Quashee stabbingJack R. H. pi. 6. Enter Sam L. H. pi 6 from behind set piece, and Tuckey R. H. pi 4. ")In colouring my scenes I used coloured papers very largely whichsaved time and paint. Lightning was suggested by a zig-zag cut in theback cloth covered with blue paper down behind which, at the rightmoment, a light was dashed. &amp;&amp; For foot lights I used night lights with reflectory.For coloured fires I used red and green matches, used them good andplenty!The titles of my plays were :44 Esmeralda Grande ",44 The Treasure of the Garden, "44 James Flaunty, "44 The Scourge of the Gulph, " and44 James Dance, or the Fortunate Ship Boy. "There was also a pantomime called "The Mysterious Travellers, or theGamesome Princes and the pursuing Policeman", and I had two circuses.&amp; The pantomime was good fun to make because of the mechanical44 business.&amp; The clown smoked real smoke out of a little clay pipe. He also fishedfrom the quay with a practical fishing rod. There was also a pillar letterbox with a door which opened and showed the clown hiding inside, thensnapped to again, andThere was a town crier who rang a bell.The making of the circuses was good fun too. The 44 Procession ofAH Nations " Japan with those delightful little paper lanterns with toycandles inside. And the four horses abreast in the Ride of all Nations.44 The Riders of old Rome who in prehistoric days guidedtheir antideluvian horses mid the catacombs and pyramidsof that noble City without saddle or bridle.JSf The Cowboys. £&gt; The Egyptians stated without error to be the most mar- vellous horsemen in the entire universe from the IndianOcean to the Carribean Sea.&amp; The Bui ('fighters of Spain, and the ring master spoke ofthe "sanguinary sawdust of Seville&amp; The words of the plays were of course spoken behind the scenes andit was at times hard to make the voices of the characters sufficientlydifferent, and after talking for some time in the husky voice of CaptainTeach one found that for a scene or two all the characters were speakingtheir lines in the same deep notes. For the time one had acquired thethroat of piracy, one had to be very careful, for it was not right thatJessie Henderson should speak with the same voice as Willie Mc Gowanor Bosun Hardbite.The two voices used in the adventures Oath in Esmeralda Grandewere easier to produce. A deep roar for the Captain, and for the crewas they repeat each line a fear-struck wail which gradually grows feebleras the thing goes on. &amp; &amp;And now, looking back, 1 think my audiences liked the oath best ofall, better than the red fire of the flare on the sinking Linnet andbetter even than the green shine of Esmeralda Grande. THE BEST THEATRE IN LONDON byEdward Edwardovitch. C®e this vision of delight. It is the shop where they make the BestTheatre in London. jsfIt doesn't interest me today to explain why our West=end Theatresare not the best, and if you haven't found that out for yourself by thistime let's hope you never will. To those who have found it out let merecommend Pollock's Theatre. &amp; &amp;It is all very interesting and 1 hope to come back to it again someday, for there is much that is entertaining in the whole History of theTheatres made for Children. Here 1 can only touch upon one particulartheatre, and that rather loosely. The above picture shows you a shop window. The design is one of thescenes in a splendid Drama called " Harlequin Baron Munchausen, and his comical Cream Cob Cruiser, or the Queen of the Fairy Steed'shaunt Besides being a scene in a play it is an actual spot in London.Let us go there. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Where? Why, to Redington the Printer, Bookbinder, Stationer, To- bacconist, Jeweller and Theatrical Print Warehouse. £? £?&amp; But what part of London ? Let us look up an old directory, for thepicture is not a new one and perhaps the " Adam and Eve " is gone.JS? In the old Directory we find Redington is at Hoxton Old Town, andthat there is an 44 Adam and Eve " and that it is 209 Hoxton Old Town.So off we go to the Old Town tonight.^On getting out that way we are told by policeman Z 1 that the Townno longer exists, but that a street still exists and we can try that ifwe like.z? JQ JZ? JZ? JZ?zz? We trj' it. We search for 208 Hoxton Street. We find it. No Redingtonthere. Everyone tells us it is gone. We ask and ask; no clue. We thenask for the 44 Adam and Eve " which should be number 209. 44 There isan 44 Adam and Eve ", but it's now number 74" they tell us. «£&gt;&amp; Off we go to number 74, and lo and behold, there stands the verypublic house, and there beside it is our Printer and Theatrical Printseller.Then how is it that no one knew of Redington ?.... Because Redingtonis no more, and his place is taken by Ben Pollock, one of the glories ofGreat Britain. JZ?^Z?JZ/JZ?JZ&gt;SZ?JZ&gt;JZ?Let me explain how Ben Pollock comes to be there.&amp; Redington (1) the writer of the Juvenile Dramas was also the builderof the Theatres, the scene designer, the costumier, electrician, conductor ;in fact he was ALL. Glorious old man! Yet so delightful was his occupationthat many younger men and women were drawn towards his little magicshop and Redington allowed some of them to Join him,... some to paint,some to cut, some to print, some to bespangle, some to build, some tolook nice and make things look nice.&amp; The one who excelled at this last art was little Miss Redington. Shewas so delightful that she turned the heads of one and all the youngmen who worked for her Papa. All the painters daubed ; all the builders built crooked; all the cutters cut their fingers,.., these latter on purposethat M'ss Redington might bandage them with her own hands. JS?At last one passionate admirer, realizing that if this sort of thingwent on much longer the ancient and noble art of Theatre making,cutting and colouring would die out, seized the Bull by the horns anddemanded of Mr Redington the hand of his Daughter. This man was Benjamin Pollock, the only surviving master of thegreat school of ancient Theatrical Art. He married pretty Miss Redington,and in time he changed the name of the magic shop from Redington toPollock. He also changed the number. Prom 208 Hoxton Old Town itbecame 73 Hoxton Street. £/jg? And there it is at this day. Anyone who wants to go and see it andwho goes there will find the place exactly as it is shown in the pictureon page 54. Except for the name, numbers, and the little Theatre hangingout as a sign board. The " Adam and Eve " is outside next door. 1 don'tknow if Mr Pollock objects to this, but you can ask him if you like. Itwas rebuilt about thirty five years ago so it's not the same old Englishplace as shown in the picture, but they say that the same old Scotchwhisky is to be found there.&amp; Now that I've told you where and how to find the place I think I'vedone ail that is possible to do. It would be useless my attempting to tellyou what you will find there, except, as I say, the best Theatre in London.R. L. Stevenson attempted, and failed, to do the thing justice. WalterPater even wouid not have succeeded. Perhaps Alexandre Dumas mighthave triumphed. But then Dumas did triumph, for his novels and thisTheatre are part and parcel of one another.jgr But what I can do is to tell you the names of the Dramas to beobtained, the sizes of the stages, their prices, and then you can do therest. And if I don't hear that many of the subscribers of The Mask havewritten to our old friend Pollock to despatch immediately his wholeRepertory Theatre to them I shall begin to think that our subscribersare blind to their own interests.And remember, The Mask never speaks well or ill of a thing becauseit pays to speak well or ill. We may not boast a journal of great com- mercial power, but possibly of another power still greater. The names of Mr Pollock' dramas are as follows : £?Plain Colouredsd, s dAladdin or the Wonderful Lamp ... 13 24Blue Jackets ... ... ... ... 06 osoBrigand ••• ••• ••• ••• O IO I C)Charles the Second ... ... ...06 010Children In the Wood ... ... o 10 16Cinderella ... ... ... ... o 11 18Corsican Brothers ... ... ... 08 12Don Quixote ..&lt; ... ... - ... 08 12Daughter of the Regiment ... ... 05 08Douglas ... ... ... ... 07 10Forty Thieves ... ... ... ... 1 6 2 10King Henry ... ... ... ... 07 10Lord Darnley ... ... ... ... 09 14Lord Mayor's Fool ... ... ...06 010Mistletoe Bough ... ... ... 09 14Miller and his Men ... ... ...10 110Oliver Twist ... ... ~. ... 11 20Paul Clifford ... ... ... ... 11 20Silver Palace ... ... ... ... 08 12Timour the Tartar ... ... ... on 18Waterman ... ... ... ... 05 08Woodman's Hut ... ... ... o 10 16Blind Boy ... ~. ... ... o 10 16Maid and the Magpie... ... ... 08 12PANTOMIMES.Baron Munchausen ... ... ... 14 26Jack the Qiant Killer ... ... 14 26Whittington and his Cat ... ... 14 26Sleeping Beauty ... ... ... 13 24These Prices are with Book of Words, Scenes, Figures and DirectionsComplete• Then the Theatres are made in two sizes, either fized or to fold up when you want to pack them away, and, of course, to set them upyou have to unfold them. They have glorious Prosceniums highly coloured,a place for lamps or electric lights, (if you are clever you'll put electriclights), and you can buy tin slides for all the figures. Here is the listof all these articles, and ail are indispensable.Stages Sine 6xB. (it's the scenes which are 6 x 8 so you'll order a6xB stage). Prices. 9d. i/- ... I/6 ... .2/= and 2/6Size 12 x p. Prices, 2/=, 2/6, 3/-, 3/6, 5/-.You had better buy at 2/6 6xB, and also at 5/=, 12 x 9.Tin Slides. 3d, 6d and I/- per dozen. You will want at least three orfour dozen at 3d and I/- per dozen.Lamp. These are sold and look well, but I advise everyone toavoid oil and matches. Much better is it to purchase someof the very tiny electric bulbs. You can get them about aquarter of an inch long, and if you have your electrician toput a dozen such lamps on to some wires and fix the wirein an ever ready battery or torch you can light up andturn out whenever you wish and the effect is charming.The address of these ever-ready lamp people is 120 Shaft- esbury Avenue, London, W.Then besides these small lamps you had better get two smallpocket lamps which act just like large lime lights. Withthese follow the star.Now when you have obtained all these you have to cut out and pastea good deal. If you are lazy you can avoid this by sending to Pollock forscenes and figures already cut out and ready for working, but don't, 1beg of you unless absolutely necessary, for the sake of Great Britaincut them out yourself! MrI went to Qammage's the great toy shop one day last year to buyone of Pollock's wonderful theatres. 1 came away disappointed. I cursedthe reasons. &amp; MrMr Mr m? M? Mr&amp; I was told that people didn't like " flimsy " English toy theatres andthat the German were much cheaper and that as the German figureswere all cut out and pasted on and had wires fixed to'the figures " thetrouble to the purchaser was reduced. " Mr Mr mt Mr This made me pretty furious; and it seems to me after careful con- sideration that these British-made Theatres are every whit as cheap asthe German things and a hundred times better; ...and, what is evident,better for British purchasers. uS&gt;JE&gt; The German things were without character, awful up-to-date vulga- rities. 1 was so annoyed at not being able to find my old British friendsat this representative British shop that I felt obliged to crave an interviewwith the Head of the &amp;jz? I extracted no better answer from the great man. The fact that theywere British made no appeal to him, and the fact that they were betterstuff made less. Let us hope that this is not the incomprehensible kind ofattitude for which shopkeepers get knighted nowadays. &amp;So if you want Pollock's Theatres you had better write direct toPollock at 73 Hoxton Street, London, N. And then you"fl have the timeof your life NOTE In the following pages is given a play from "Pollock's JuvenileDrama 11 The Blue Jackets, or, His Majesty's Service. A Farce in oneAct. Printed and Published ", as the title page tells us, "by B. Pollock,73 Hoxton St, N. at his wholesale and Retail Theatrical Print and TinselWarehouse." &amp; &amp;jSf When one speaks of a "Pollock Play", however, one must not entirelyforget Pollock's predecessors from whom he has annexed several of hisdramas, lock, stock and barrel. Thus " The Battle of Waterloo " (one ofthe most brilliant of the " Pollock Plays " and one which should be inthe nursery of every officer of the Realm) (i) was invented by Green in1841, for Green's name is on the original blocks, and Pollock, like Ramasesof Egypt, has merely erased Green's name from the monumental workand substituted his own. &amp; &amp; &amp;ln away this is not quite as fair as Redington, who merely addedhis name to Green's work, and added it as *' sold by J. Redington, etc ".But some day someone will erase the great Pollock's name andsubstitute that of Smith. Let us hope it will not then be speltSCHMIDT. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; (Editor) (1) There were not many makers of these Theatres in days gone hy, but there was a famous man called Skelt&gt;and one called Marks; one Jamieson, one West, one Hodgeson, one Park, one Lloyd, one Webb and one Green. (1) The drama costs two shillings and lour pence, scenes, costumes, actors and book ot words complete. * THE BLUE JACKETS or His Majesty's Service. Betsy Bodlan Enter Fanny Trunnion, Right Hand-Plate I,and Blue Jackets, Plate 3. Characters RepresentedMEN.ADMIRAL TRUNNION (Port Admiral, rich and testy)CHARLES HERBFRT (Honourable and Romantic)BEN BINNACLE (A Superannuated Seamen)Mr. CHASER. (An Invalided Master at Arms, Commanding the Bombshell)JACKO (A Negro)WOMEN.FANNY YRUNNiON (Daughter to the Admiral, alias Lieutenant Firefly, ofthe Skyrocket Fire Ship, and Commander of the Blue Jackets)BETSY BODKIN (Her Maid, alias Pitch-and-Tar, a Blue Jacket)Blue Jackets, Sailors, Marines, Drummer, &amp;c. SCENE i. No. I. A LIBRARY. Wings No. 5.Enter Ben Binnacle, Left Hand....Plate s.Enter Admiral Trunnion, Right Hand...Plate 2.Trunnion. Keep the prisoner safe under hatches, till further orders.&amp; Ben. Aye, aye, your honor ITrunnion. They thought to out manoeuvre me, did they ? cut a vesselout of my own dock, and sail off under false colours ! By Nelson's cockedhat, I'd a blown'em both out of the water. My daughter shall sail incompany with Captain Cathead, or remain single for life. What do yousay, you porpoise ? Ben. If I say anything, yer honour, I'd rather take grog than biscuit.Trunnion. Aboard, you lubber! and see that Herbert goes safelywith you.Ben. All taut, yer honor. He's stowed away in the jolly boat, whenwe laid our grappling irons aboard on him, he swore he'd blow you tothe devil, and hang every mother's son of us. He kicked and plungedlike a young grampus when he gets a harpoon in his wltals. Jack Sykesthreatened to push a tar brush down his throat, and make him dance" Jack's the Lad " on a boarding pike ! I offered him my bacca-box andall; and Taffrall challenged him to fight for a gallon of rum, but nothingseemed to please him ; so we tied him head and foot, and stowed himaway in the stern sheets of the jolly boat \JE&gt; Trunnion. You have been too violent with him. He must be treatedlike a gentlemanBen. I'll treat him to anything he likes, from heaving the lead toweighing an anchor. I know eddication and manners....my old mother...she's gone to glory, where Polly Long's gone, she was a schollard, yerhonour, and could read the newspaper backwards without spectacles....andmade pancakes, lobscounce, chowder, and egg flip, better nor any captainin the service. &amp; (Exit.Trunnion. And drank it afterwards, I'll be sworn! Master Ben'spoliteness and the cabin of an old seventyfour, will soon cool the younggentlemen's courage. &amp;Enter Fanny Trunnion. Lett Hand, Plate 2.Trunnion. Fanny my dear!... &amp; &amp; -0&amp; Fanny. (Sings) '* Marry me, marry me....Peter he would marry me ! "&amp; Trunnion, (aside) She alludes to Cathead, (aloud) Hark ye, Miss!where have you been ?Fanny. Looking at the sea....such a glorious sight....all smooth andcalm; sun shining brilliantly....the gallant vessels with their white sailsset, and pennants flying in the wind scores of Blue Jackets, roundthe rlgging..all in animation and activity ! I never look upon those nobleships in the bay, but I think they are so many guardian Qenii, appoin- ted by old Neptune to guard and watch our shores!&amp; Trunnion. They are the mighty engines of a free constitution, to protect our liberty and peace! Captain Cathead will be here to-day, Isuppose you can guess why.Fanny. Is it to play at backgammon with you, sir, or to throw hiswooden leg into the water, lor my Newfoundland dog to fetch It out again.Trunnion. No sarcasm if you please. It is to take you to church, madam !&amp; Fanny. If I go what will you give me pa, eh ?Trunnion. A husband. Will you accept the gift?Fanny. No thank y0u....1 shall present myself with that article whenI commit matrimony. &amp; &amp; g?£? Trunnion. You don't mean to say you wont have him, &amp;&amp; Fanny. I do though. Do you suppose I would marry a fragment of aman ?...limp to church with a wooden leg !...Ogled all day with a glasseye ? No, I would rather die first! Trunnion. You dare not say this to my face.Fanny. Sir, I am the daughter of a British seaman and dare doanything but act with dishonour. Trunnion (aside) She's my own child after all. You love your fatherdon't you, puss? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Fanny. As much as I regret his foibles.&amp; Trunnion. What foibles? never knew I had any! What am I, MissTrunnion ? &lt;£/Fanny. A dear, g*ood-natured, testy, self-willed old gentlemen, agedsixty-four, with a tender heart, and a very obstinate head , rich, gouty,very generous and irritable...possessing many comforts, and one tormentMiss Fanny Trunnion, a self-willed young lady of nineteen, inheritingall her father's graces, accomplishments, and failings ! Trunnion. Now, obey me, Fanny, and I'll give you all I am worth ;disobey me, and 1'11....1'1l live for a thousand years to plague you! (ExitFanny. Live, live dear pa ! for I never will be Mrs. Captain SimonPeter Cathead... ha, ha ! 4what a horrid name. Now to think of poorCharles. What can I do to assist him ? The ship is slenderly guarded. Ifwe...yes, yes, it will do...my nautical knowledge will now be of service.Not a moment must be lost.Enter Betsy Bodkin, Left Hand: Plate 2.Betsy. Oh, Miss, I've let his honour's silver tankard drop out of the back window into the sea, and I've been trying to fish it up again witha ball of string tied to a clothes prop and a cabbage net. -0Fanny Never mind the tankard, it will serve the fish to mix theirgrog in.^Betsy.Lor, so it will, miss...l never thought of that. &amp; &amp;Fanni. Will you do me a service...you shall be well paid? &amp;Betsy. Ain't I so already, Miss? Twelve pounds a year; every otherSunday out, and my young man to see me twice a year: have tea in thekitchen, and play at cards at Christmas!&amp; Fanny. I only want you to personate a sailor.Betsy. No! do you though ? Well I should like to put on thetrousers but shan't I soon be found out ? my hands ar'n't coveredWith pitch.Fanny. Never mind the pitch, girl, you must play a tar. Listen tomy scheme. You have seen a handsome gentleman that has several timesaccosted me on the beach! &amp;Betsy. Oh, yes, Miss. &amp; &amp;Fanny. My pa wants me to marry an old friend of his, CaptainCathead, with a glass eye and a wooden leg. &amp; &amp;Betsy. And you want to marry the handsome gentleman. &amp;Fanny. My pa has caused my Charles to be imprisoned on theBombshell hulk, until my union with his friend takes place, for whichI am resolved never shall. &amp;Betsy. That's right, Miss ! show a proper spirit... I always does whenmy young man wants to stay after eleven o'clock at night. No, says I,the best of friends must part, as the rat said to his tail when he leftit in the trap! &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Fanny. You know 1 have a number of young women at work in thehouse, preparing the dresses for the masquerade ball that's to take placenext week.Betsy. The sailors' dresses ?Fanny. Just so. Now if they will consent to wear them for a few hours,and accompany me, we will storm the hulk, and set my Charles free.Betsy. To be sure we will. Besides, it will be such capital fun. (Exit,.&lt;2? Fanny. If we can gain the ship unobserved, I'll answer for the result. But time presses...the crew must be prepared, the boat launched. I trustwe shall not disgrace Her Majesty's Service...for England expects thatevery man...woman, I mean...will do her duty. SONQ.../7ajJ/7&lt;yThe sailor's heart is light and true...His lass in mind...his port in view...Let cares and dangers round him throng,He drives them off with grog and] song.He sees the spreading sails unfurl'dThat waft him to a distant world,The parting anchor cheerly heaves,Though country, friends, and girl he leavesYo hoi yo, heave hoiFoaming onward now we g0...Through the silver deep we dash,While the yielding billows splash,Singing gaily as we go,Yo ho I yo, heave ho I&amp; SPOKEN. Steady I Steady I Keep her up-breakers ahead there I helm *aportl she touches I Heave the lead I Quarter less, five I Bout ship I Bythe mark, seven I Helmsman, hold to your course. Aye, aye 1 Yo ho I bythe deep nine I She clears I huzza I All's well I j&amp; jS?Though thunders howl and lightning flash,His heart intrepid, knows no fear-Though angry billows wildly dash,And hurl the dreadful surges near-Undaunted will the helmsman holdHis vessel's head, his watchful eye.Pursue with anxious heart, yet bold,His course, though perils, round him lie.Yo ho, &amp;c. (Exit.SCENE 2. No. 2. A CHAMBER. Wings No. 5.Enter Admiral Trunnion, Right Hand: Plate 2.Trunnion.All my schemes seems to be thwarted. Miss Fanny leadsme a nice life. Betsy. (without) stop a minute, Miss...l've only got to put on thetrousers.Trunnion. Hiloa! what the deuce is in the wind now 1 Bodkin sailingunder false coloursHe Retires to the back of the Stage.Enter Betty Bodkin, Left Hand: Plate 3. Betsy. Young Missus looks the very moralof old master, only she's not half so ugly.Trunnion, (coming forward) What isthe meaning of this tom=foo!ery ? Speak 1Betsy. I can't sir...l'm dumb ! &amp;Trunnion. And pray what are thosethings, madam ? &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Betsy. I believe they are gentlemen'spetticoats, sir. J£ JZTTrunnion. And that is a gentlemen'sbonnet, 1 presume ?Betsy. Y=ye=yes, sir...the last new fashion.(aside) What shall I do ? he'll find it all out!Trunnion. What are all these things for ?Betsy. T0...t0 wear, sir. At the masqueradeball. &amp;Trunnion, (aside) A frolic of Miss Fanny.Don't mention my enquiries to your mistress* and 1 shall do something for you.&amp; jßetsy.Thank ye, sir. Perhaps you will rise my wagers...make 'em guinea sinstead of pounds, and allow me a little more tea and sugar. £?%Enter Servant, Right Hand : Plate 4.Servant. Sir Thomas Hardhead, sir, wishes to see you. £/Trunnion. I'll wait upon Sir Thomas immediately. &amp; &amp;Exit Servant.&amp; Trunnion. Betty remain here 'till I return, mind no tattling...and I'llthink about the tea and sugar ; ha, ha ! JS? JS?Exit Trunnion.Betty. Well I think I've led the old gentleman astray in the most splendacious style I This sailoring will turn out ail very well, if the galsbehave themselves and hold their tongues. My first loveyer was a sailor,I shall never forget him. He used to send me a little Cupid and a largeanchor every year for a valentine. He never missed but once...then he felloverboard, and was swallowed by a shark. I cried for two days, Iremember, because I wanted the Cupid to stick on the lid of mybonnet box. jtsr (Exit.Enter Admiral Trunnion, Right Hand...Plate 2.Trunnion. This is an extraordinary business Sir Thomas has acquaintedme with ! Mr. Charles Herbert, my prisoner, is a gentlemen in disguise...makes love to my daughter, and overturns all my arrangements, Ihate such stuff! Why did'nt he come boldly forward, and tell me he lovedFan, and was determined to have her,whether I gave my consent or not!not persuade the girl to walk out with him out on the sands, sighing andcreeping like a pair of mermaids with the measles! {advancing to thewing) What's that ? my barge manned, pulling from shore ! A fine jollyset of fellows! who are they....where do they come from and what dothey want.Enter Servant, Right Hand: Plate 4.jer Trunnion.John, where's your mistress ? &amp; JG? &amp;&amp; Servant. Gone out, sir. JE? ■£? &amp;Trunnion. Send Bodkin to me. us*Servant. She's gone out, too, sir. I met her running down the gardento the water side, dressed up in a queer outlandish fashion. Trunnion. That explains it, then. Those fine jolly fellows are allyoung women, pulling towards the Bombshell. Eh ! I see it all now. Thisis the masquerading frolic, my ladies, is it ? I'll soon be about theirquarters! Run down to Sir Thomas Hardhead, and ask him for a file ofMarines, and a round of blank cartridges...order out my barge and crew...these ladles shall soon smell powder, or I'm no seamen. Quick youlubber...don't let the grass grow under your feet.Servant. Yes, sir ? £&gt; JG? &amp; JG? (ExitTrunnion. They think to surprise the garrison, and set Mr. Herbertat liberty. What will not woman do in the hour of need, for the man ofher choice? Dear woman's a companion in prosperity..a heroine in adversity There's nothing like a petticoat to shelter a man in the hour of4trouble j^(Exit.SCENE 3. No. 3. THE MAIN DECK OF THEBOMBSHELL. Wings No. 8,Put on Chest and Barrel.Enter Mr. Chaser, Right Hand : Plate 2Enter Charles Herbert, Left Hand: Plate 2, andJacko, Left Hand . Plate 3.The Marines in Plates 2 and 3, to be placed at theback of the Stage.&amp; Chaser. Oh, you must go below!£7 Herbert. This outrage shall be bitterly punished ! (Exit.Enter Ben Binnacle, Left Hand : Plate 1.Ben. There...he's safely stowed away. &amp; £?Jacko. Issa, massa Ben...right as 'em trivet. Ha, ha! poor buckra manis in for a nice ting. £7 £7 &amp; £7 £7£7 Chaser, it's no business of ours...we must keep him safe until furtherorders. (Bell strikes four.) Time for grog. Serve it out, Jacko ! £7 Jacko. Issa, massa. &amp;£7 Chaser. Ben, finish that yarn you began to spin us about CaptainCathead's wooden leg and the shark. £7 j&amp;£7 Jacko. Issa...do, massa Ben. £7 £7 &amp; &amp;£7 Ben. When Captain Cathead was a leeftenant, he was fishingone day over the starboard bulwark, and by some means slipped his cableand pitched overboard... A perdigious large shark rose up out of the deepwaters at the same time, and made for the leeftenant, he roared, anddown went the jolly boat. We pulled for him, but we warn't in time,for the shark had got hold of his leg. £7 &amp;£7 Jacko. Poor debel! he put his foot in it, then. Chaser. His leg. £7 £7 £7 £7 £7£/ Ben. Yes, but it a wooden 'un {All laugh). £7 £7 &amp;£ Jacko. Ha, ha! Dat bery good. £ £ £ £ ££ Ben. Well, this master shark looked as if he could'nt make out whathe got in his precious mouth. Away he tugged at the pin, and we tuggedat Cathead. Such splashing in the water never was seen We got him on board at last...set the leeftenant safely on his legs, and brought mastershark to his senses with two or three hatchets. Stuck in a hollow toothwe fouud a tinder box and one of Murphy's Almanack's. &amp;Omnes. Ha, ha, ha! .&lt;2? £? Fanny, (roughly)Surrender!Chaser. (trying tospeak) May I!.. Fanny. Silence...hear me ! J0Jacko. Take himlife massa, but don'tspill him grog.£? Ben. Shiver mytopsail, if this arn't apretty rig.Fanny. Silence,common sailor.Ben. Com m onSailor! What do youmean by that ? There'sno such thing as acommon sailor in the British navy. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;4? Fanny, Throw that fellow overboard ! Hark ye, my fine fellows, you areour prisoners, resistance is useless. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Chaser. May I be so bold as to enquire your name, sir. 4? Fanny. Certainly...certalnly. My name is Lieutenant Hotspur Firefly, ofthe Skyrocket fire ship...and these smart lasses...hem! lads I mean...formpart of my crew, (to Blue Jackets) Squib, Torch, Rough, Tough, Strike■a-light, and Pltch=and=tar, all able seamen in Her Majesty's Service. &amp;£* Ben. (aside) He picks his way like a hen in silk stockings walkingthrough a pig stye. JST &amp; &amp; Fanny. Skyrockets, bring up the prisoner I J£? £?Exit Blue Jackets.Enter Charles Herbert Left Hand-Plate 2.Herbert. What is the meaning of this unwarrantable conduct? Youappear to be an officer, sir...perhaps you will explain the outrage ?&amp; Fanny. Sir, you were brought here for two reasons. Firstly...becauseyou are compelled to come ; and secondly because you could'nt help it.Are you satisfied, sir ?Herbert. Be assured the civil authorities shall avenge me.&amp;He retires to the back of the Stage.Fanny, (aside) Proud as Lucifer! I'll punish him a little before I li- berate him for his snappishness (aloud) Strike-a-light, pipe all handsfor mischief, you shall have a dance.Ben. A hornpipe...a hornpipe, for the honour of the navy.40 Jacko. Issa massa...for the honour of the graby ! j£f (Exit.Put on Jacko and Blue Jackets dancing-Plate 1. (1)Put on Drummer, Plate 2 and Fifer, Plate (2)After dancing a short time Exit allRe-enter Fanny Trunnion, Right Hand-Plate 1. (3)Re-enter Mr. Chaser, Left Hand-Plate 4.and Jacko, Left Hand-Plate 3.Chaser. Two strange crafts in sight, one of them carrying the Admiral'sflag, and manned with marines, steering towards the ship.£? Fanny, (aside) I'm lost then, my father has discovered alL.escape willbe impossible ! we must brave it out. (aloud) Now boys, clear the decksand prepare for action, (aside) I am sure I shall faint \J&amp;Enter Blue Jackets: Plate 2.Chaser. The boats approach &amp;Fanny (aside) Lord do they! call me a coach then! (aloud) Skyrockets,try your discipline, and prepare to receive the enemy. £//&amp;£&gt;Chaser, They are nearing the vessel. £? £? (Exit.Re-enter Mr. Chaser, Right Hand-Plate 2.Fanny. Oh, oh 1 I'm anything but myself. Ben.Huzza! huzza! here they come. Now for a row. Fanny. Mail the guns ! Oh, dear! Skyrockets, don't go off yet...behavelike men! &amp; &amp; &amp;Blue Jackets. We can't...we don't know how. &amp; &amp; jetJacko. Oh, oh I dat bery good-ha, ha! &amp; &amp;(A single shot heard without).Exit Fanny and Blue Jackets.Put on Fanny Trunnion, and Blue , fainted....Plate (1)Ben. My eyes! the Skyrockets has gone off with a bang. Enter Admiral Trunnion. Right Hand; Plate 3.Enter Marines, Right Hand: Plate 3.Marines cross the Stage and Exit.Put on Marines: Plate 4.&amp; Trunnion, {aside) So, so, my ladies, you are there are you {aloud)Where are these desperate mutineers that have dared to take forciblepossession of your ship, Mr. Chaser. £/4P Chaser. All dead, your honour,ap Trunnion. So much the better. Throw them all overboard.Ben. Aye, ayeFanny. Stop, stop! we are all killed dead enough already. MFanny, and Blue Jackets fainted to be drawn off.Re-enter Fanny Trunnion, Right Hand-Plate 1.Enter Charles Herbert, Left Hand-Plate 2.&amp; Trunnion. So, young gentleman, you've been guilty of high treason.A heavy punishment awaits you and your unhappy companions. To-nightyou will remain on board. To-morrow you'll sail double-ironed for theWest Indies, (to Herbert) This is the ringleader, eh ? Marines, makeready! I'll shoot the desperado on the spot. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Fanny. If you shoot him, I'll be killed too \&amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Trunnion. A Woman \&amp; Fanny. Yes, sir; and here are ten or twelve more harmless creatures.&amp; Trunnion. Madam, there is but one female that would so far forgottenherself, and she is,.. &amp; «&lt;p &amp; &amp;Fanny Your spoiled daughter! Pray, forgive my imprudence! Herbert, {aside) Dear girl! &amp;Trunnion. Well, well, I suppose 1 must laugh at the frolic. (to Herbert)There take her, sir, and make your own terms with the little baggage;Fanny. {to Audience) Ladles and Gentlemen, may 1 be permitted tosay one word in behalf of the Blue Jackets ? They are at our mercy...you are our judges...our Lords of the Admiralty ; if we have been fortunateenough to secure your approbation, I trust this will not be our lastappearance in Her Majesty's Service.Music-" GOD SAVE THE QUEEN ".THE END. (1) See headpiece, page 60. (2) and (3) See Frontispiece. j0 (1) See page 71. ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON AND THEDRAMA OF SKELT by Dorothy Nevile Lees. n his volume of 44 Memoirs and Portraits " Robert Louis Ste- venson celebrates the romance and glories of those little card- board scenes and figures which, 44 A Penny Plain and TwopenceColoured ", were Issued by a mysterious and powerful magician named Skelt and were the delight of his childish days. &amp;" A Penny Plain and Twopence Coloured"; that was the legendinscribed above the door of hope where those small boys of half a centuryago, In their frilled collars and skeleton suits, entered with hot halfpenceclasped tight in the depths of breeches's pockets, to revel in the joyswhich were at the disposition of all who possessed that talismanic sum.But the full witchery that lurks in the words can perhaps only besavoured by those who, like Mr Jack B. Yeats, have in their earliest youthknown them and all that they stood for, have early tasted the masteryover the miniature stages, the dominion over all those little cardboardfigures,.... the jolly tars, the blood-thirsty buccaneers, the nimble-toedBlue-Jackets, the ladies in their little full skirts and frilly pantaloons...those, in fact, who were ** students of Skelt's Juvenile Drama " at anage when their spirits were still sensitive to its wonders and their smallpersons yet in a pleasant proportion to its diminutive scenes. R. L. S. knew that delight well. There is love in every word that hewrites about the little theatres: and how he seems to caress that old-timelegend over the door which he sets as title at his essay's head 1 " These words ", says he, " will be familiar to all students of Skelt's** Juvenile Drama. That national monument, after having changed its" name to Park's, to Webb's, to Redington's, and last of all to Pollock's#" has now become, for the most part, a memory. Some of its pillars," like Stonehenge, are still afoot, the rest clean vanished. It may be the" Museum numbers a full set; and Mr lonides, perhaps, or else her" gracious Majesty, may boast their great collections; but to the plain"private person they are become, like Raphaels, unattainable ".And yet at different times what a glorious number of them he had possessed ! A 44 roll call of stirring names the mere enumeration ofwhich affords clear 44 evidences of a happy childhood ". JZ? JZ/&amp;44 Aladdin 44 The Red Rover 44 The Wood Daemon ", •' JackSheppard, " 44 the Smuggler, " 44 The Forest of Bondy, " 44 My Poll andmy Partner Joe ; " 44 Three Fingered Jack, the Terror of Jamaica ", (whata magnificent title ! why, we seem to get the whole thing in those sevenstirring words I) 44 The Old Oak Chest; " 44 The Miller and his Men "TheMaid of the Inn The Battle of Waterloo "...But the list grows too long.Let us go back and peep in with the small Robert Louis through thewindow of that 44 stationer's shop at a corner of the wide thoroughfare "which joined the city of his childhood to the sea: that window where44 all the year round, there stood displayed a theatre in working order,44 with a 44 forest set a 44 combat ". and a few 44 robbers carousing " in44 the slides; and where 44 below and about, dearer tenfold " to the future44 writer of the 44 Treasure Island " and 44 Kidnapped 44 the plays«4 themselves, those budgets of romance, lay tumbled one upon another."JZ? What a delight to linger there, fingering the hot penny and tastingthe pleasures of anticipation, knowing that one could at will exchangethese for the pleasures of realisation and possession ! JZ?jZ? 44 One figure, we shall say, was visible in the first plate of characters,44 bearded, pistol in hand, or drawing to his ear the clothyard arrow ":44 was it Macaire or Long Tom Coffin, or Grindoff, second dress ? " Butperhaps even the name was hidden, and the small shop=gazer could only44 wonder in what play he figured, and what immortai legend justified44 his attitude and strange apparel ". JZ/And then what joy, by virtue of the copper coin, to pass within ; 44t044 announce yourself as an intending purchaser, and, closely watched, be44 suffered to undo those bundles and breathlessly devour those pages of44 gesticulating villains, epileptic combats, bosky forests, palaces and44 warships, frowning fortresses and prison vaults.....it was a giddy joy 1"No wonder that the shop was 44 a load stone rock for all that bore thename of boy " and that the exultant laughter of the homeward race,with the "Miller" or the 44 Rover4' clutched close against his jacket*echoed still long years after in the heart of the little boy when grownto man's estate. But perhaps something of the best joy which lurked in Skelt's JuvenileDrama was always just beyond the reach of that little boy who was togrow into a man of letters and not a man of the theatre ; for it seemsto have been the letters more than the drama which appealed to himeven in those early days. That which would have delighted the boyGoethe, with his puppets and his miniature stage, '....such passages as44 Scene 6. The Hermitage. Night set scene. Place back of scene i, No. 244 at back of stage and hermitage. Fig. 2. out of set piece, R. H. in a44 slanting direction "...such passages which, as I say, would, to the smallGoethe, have been the crux of the whole matter, were to the smallStevenson, " though very practical, hardly to be called good readingIndeed, he adds, "as literature, these dramas did not much appeal to,me " ;...a strong testimony, did he but realise it, to their excellencesince who is there still living who wants drama to " appeal to them asliterature" ? &amp; &amp; &amp;But it was always of necessity the literary sense that was to dominateStevenson. He who was later on to be a master of language was alreadyin love with language, held by the spell and magic of mere words, a magicwhich lurked for him even in the list on the back of the play books,44 that enticing double file of names ", where " poetry, for the true childof Skelt, reigned happy and glorious like her Majesty the Queen inthose " realms of gold " where shone " upon that map or abstract, namesof HI Dorados that still haunt the ear of memory Why, to such an extent was he enamoured of names, of words &amp;$words, that to him " the name of Skelt itself has always seemed a partand parcel of his productions " and 44 the attraction of this paper dramasensibly declined when Webb had crept into the rubric: a poor cuckoo,flaunting in Skelt's nest". &amp; &amp;So much, indeed, does this name of Skeit appear to him '• stagey andpiratic " that he adopts it in the form of " skeltery " to designate thosequalities of which 44 the stagey " is the 44 generic name an old'44 insular, home-bred staginess; not French, domestically British ; not of44 today but smacking of O. Smith, Fitzball, and the great age of me- " lodrama; a peculiar fragrance haunting it; uttering its unimportant44 message in a tone of voice that has the charm of fresh antiquity ". A drama marked by 44 the presence of a great unity of gusto : of those direct44 eiap-trap appeals, which a man is dead and buriable when he fails toanswer; of the footlight glamour, the ready-made, bare-faced, tran- spontine picturesque, a thing not one with cold reality, but how much"dearer to the mind!" &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;Yes, that was one of the noblest qualities of 44 Skeltery it hadnothing in common with 44 cold reality ",...that reality which has nothingto do with art.Skelt's world was a new creation; it's vegetation was peculiar to itself ;it's physical structure unique ; the light which illumined it was such asnever shone on land or sea; its occidental scenery, in which Skelt, forall his oriental vein, was most himself,44 had a strong flavour of Englandwas 44 a sort of indigestion of England and drop-scenes ", but charmingwithal. 4&amp; 44 How ", writes Stevenson, 44 the roads wander; how the castle sits44 upon the hill, how the sun eradiates from behind the cloud, and how44 the congregated clouds themselves up-roll, as stiff as bolstersl Here is the'4 cottage interior, the usual first flat, with the cloak upon the nail, the44 rosaries of onions, the gun and powder-horn and corner cupboard; here44 is the inn, (this drama must be nautical, 1 foresee Luff and Bold Bob44 Bowsprit) with the red curtain, pipes, spittoons, and eight-day clock;44 and there again is that impressive dungeon with the chains which was44 so dull to colour. England, the hedgerow elms, the thin brick houses,44 windmills, glimpses of the navigable Thames,.. England, when at last44 I came to visit it, was only Skelt made evident: to cross the border44 was, for the Scotsman, to come home to Skelt: there was the inn-sign44 and there the horse trough, all foreshadowed in the faithful Skelt "44 What am 1?" he cries in conclusion, 44 what are life, art, letters,44 the world, but what my Skelt has made them ? He stamped himself44 upon my immaturity. The world was plain before I knew him, a poor44 penny world ; but soon it was all coloured with romance. If I go to the44 theatre to see a good old melodrama, 'tis but Skelt a little faded. If I44 visit a bold scene in nature, Skelt would have been bolder: there had44 been certainly a castle on that mountain, and the hollow tree.... that44 set piece....1 seem to miss it in the foreground. Indeed, out of this cut- 44 and-dry dull, swaggering, obtrusive, and infantile art, I seem to have" learned the very spirit of my life's enjoyment: met there the shadows44 of the characters I was to read about and love in a late future, got" the romance of " Der Freischutz " long ere I was to hear of Weber or44 the mighty Formes: acquired a gallery of scenes and characters with44 which, in the silent theatre of the brain, I might enact all novels and" romances, and took from those rude cuts an enduring and transforming44 pleasure£?That was what Skelt, that dim mysterious figure whom we know onlyi n his works, did for the children of his generation; for that which onechild grew up to put on record must have been felt by many in theinarticulate way of those who have little gift of self-expression and arestrangers to the art, in which Stevenson excelled, of talking withthe pen. &amp;But although Skelt has long since vanished there is still a survivor tocarry on his delightful art in the person of Mr B. Pollock, late J. Redington,who, at No. 73, Hoxton Street, N. publishes some two dozen of the oldplays and possesses the plates for the remainder, together with a 44 modestreadiness " to issue them for the children of today.&amp; There, in the little Hoxton shop, you may still buy them ; there ifyou go, pence in hand, you may yet purchase your entry into a world,Plain or Coloured according to your capacity to pay, but in any caseflooded through with the bold sunlight of romance: a little gay worldinto which no realism can enter, no actor's personality protrude, sincethe ghost of Skelt, that 44 stagey and piratic" figure, stands like an angelwith a flaming sword at the entrance to that cardboard Eden where thepoplar, palm and potato tree flourish and the all-pervasive hollyhockruns wild. (!) So far as we know no one has thoiougbly traced the Drama of Skelt to its source or to its mouth, and itis a subject into which it is to be hoped some one wiil go fully, J". S. BOOK REVIEWS. JACK B. YEATS, His PictorialDramatic Art by Ernest Marriott.(Elkin Matthews). Price one shil- ling. J&amp;jyir Marriott [is not a Londoner.Manchester claims him. He istherefore one of those rare free menof England. If he lived in Londonhe'd never have dared write so se=rlous or so enthusiastic a book onsuch an outsider as Jack B. Yeats .To live out of London, out ofreach of the Groove-ists and theRut-ists ....is to be an outsider. Al.London asks of England Is that hersons shall fall into the Groove orthe Rut, and the London Groove islittle more than the Grave. To be within hail of the heartymodern London Web=spinner is tosay farewell to individuality, andindeed to Life itself. If you're aGenius like young Mr Yeats, (hemust be called so to distinguish him from his brother who was always aGenius till he became a Master) youare subject to the liveliest of tyran- nies which London can think out.If you're a critic as free and freshas is Mr Marriott you are subjectedto a thorough "treatment" ofthreats and temptations until yousuccomb. jg/ jDo you know what London asksfrom the critic fresh and free enoughto say what he believes about thoseduffers in position and those menof talent or genius in the shade ?Do you know ? Well, London asks him not tosay what he believes and to thinkIt over and come round after thesecond act. It then tells him whathe is to think and to say. And someof the critics knuckle in to this.Those who don't in time get dis- missed from the offices of the paperin which they write. &amp; They may be all you would wishof them as moral, physical andspiritual men ; but unless they agreesooner or later to say what everyone else is saying, ....out they goI know only a few instances ofthis sort of thing; others know ofmany more. It's this devilry makesus all appreciate the sincerity andopen-mindedness of a man like MrJ. S. Garvin whose " Observer"boasts a staff of writers and wor- kers of superlative qualities. The"Pall Mall Gazette" will be Just suchanother now that Garvin is at thehelm. And one such man countsmore for England and English deve- lopment than all these other wret- ched timid devils count against it.But enough of London. Manchester breeds and supportsmen who think and move as in- dividuals. There are many up thereand Marriott is one of them, andthus it is that we get in London abook upon a fine Irish painter-dra- matist written by a Manchester man.And it's a charming little book whichyou must get add read for your- selves. Here are just a few versesfrom it concerning the boats of "TheLittle Fleet" made by Yeats and hisfriends.First there's the "Moby Dick"." She sailed down the Gara valley, She startled all the cows,With touchwood in her galleyAnd green paint round her bows.As Mr Marriott says, "the quain- test verses in the book are those bythe pirate poet who fell off the bluff:"To find out who that poet is andwhy he fell off the bluff you mustget the book, and when you've readhis verses which I shall quote hereI think you'll agree with me that henever does better when he is at easeon a bluff:And now by Gara rushesWhen stars are blinking white;And sleep has stilled the thrushes,And sunset brings the night;There wherethe stones are gleamin,A passer-by can harkTo the old, drowned " Monte "seamenA-'singlng through the dark.There where the gnats are peskyThey sing like anything;They sing like Jean de Reske.This is the song they sing:• •••»•••*Our bones are green and weeded,Our bones are old and wet;But the noble deeds that we didWe never can forget*Some longer and more mora!kinds of poems touch you perhaps.These are the kind touch me H. M. NIETZSCHE AND ART, by An- thony Ludovici, Constable.Four shillings and sixpence net.or later it will be brought" home to us in Europe that we" cannot with impunity foster and" cultivate vulgarity and mob quali- " ties in our architecture, our" sculpture, our painting, our music,and our literature, without paying" very dearly for these luxuries in" our respective politics, in our" family institutions and even in" our physique ". &amp; JZ? E. E. am delighted with this book, ifever there was a good book writ- ten upon Art it is this one by MrLudovici. It was issued in 1911,and I suppose it is now in itstwentieth edition. If not it ought tobe. If I were a man of means, notnecessarily a millionaire, I wouldgive many thousands of pounds tospread the book far and wide, andmany more to its author. It is notmerely one of the necessary books :it is the one essential book of itskind. JZ?&amp; It tells us in a perfectly simpleway a few essential facts and onegreat truth. This is that the highestArt is Ruler Art and that it istherefore the highest beauty inwhich culture is opposed to natural complexity ; and that this Ruler Artcan be the flower and product onlyof an aristocratic society which inits traditions and its active life hasobserved, and continues to observe,the three aristocratic principles,....culture, selection and simplicity.&amp; Mr Ludovici tells us that in hisbook, but he follows the philosophyof Nietzsche, and, indeed, he quotescontinually from his master. Butwhereas Nietzsche is to some of usnot at all clear, ....especially in anEnglish translation.... Mr Ludovici isas clear as day.You want to know more ?....youwant me to expound this book' toyou ? I cannot ! Put before me abook which is hateful to me andask me to to tell* you what is devi- lish in it, and i'll talk like a Gat- ling gun and fire the thing out ofexistence; but ask me to explainwhy I like a much-loved book oreven what it Is about and I amunable to say a word. &amp;When one approves so thoroughlyof anything as I do of this work oneis silent about it because it allseems so right aud so natural thatto say any more would be tospoil it. JS? JS?As Mr Ludovici says in re-tellingthe Artist's view of life, " disorder" and confusion are the loadstones ** that attract him": and he adds that" stimulated by disorder, which he«  despises, he is driven to his work ;** spurred by the sight of anarchy,*' his inspiration Is government;" fertilized by rudeness and rugged- " ness, his will to power gives birth** to culture and refinement. "So that when a man comes alongwho understands, puts in order,cultures and refines life as MrLudovici does by his book, then I,the artist, am utterly relaxed, there is nothing further for meto do* The Mask and Mr Ludovici arein the same field, are fighting thesame hosts, have already sightedthe same victory, and if any of usstop to watch another doing hisbrilliant feats of swordsmanship weshall get into trouble. So that thiscan but be a hasty word of acknow- ledgement to Mr Ludovici.... We shall meet after the battle. DAVID GARRICKAND HISFRENCH FRIENDS by F. A.Hedgcock. (Stanley Paul &amp; Co.Ten shillings and sixpence net.J do not like this book, Not that itis not well written nor admirablyconstructed, but because it relatesto much that is petty about theTheatre in general.We have had enough of these books to prove that not only isReform impossible, but that a newTheatre Is necessary. &amp;JZ? The story of Garrick is the storyof Rachel, of Kean, of Macklin andof Beerbohm Tree. Squabbles witheyeryone carried on in a pompousmanner because the theatre is ma- naged by common and ignorantpeople instead or by men of talentand distinction. JZ?Garrick seems to have been agood fellow just as our modernmanagers are good fellows. ButGarrick seems to have been as in- capable of establishing the Art inthe unassailable position it shouldbe placed in as Tree seems incapableof doing today. jSf &amp;Garrick is served by commonplacepeople who manage him. The resultis that even if the famous actorsecretly desired to establish his Arton the same sure and high positionupon which the Fine Arts rest hewas unable to do so owing to hisdependence upon his staff.This is Garrick's only excuse. Butthen Garrick was a tradesman, andfar more so than, for example,Edmund Kean.Garrick went about buying talentwith which to dress his shop window.He visits Paris, and secures Noverrethe famous dancing master, much to Lacy's disgust, ...Lacy who was thevulgar, but, it seems, indispensablebusiness manager of the theatre.Then the squabbles commence.And it seems to me that thosesquabbles will continue until thethirtieth century and after unlessthe business man selected by ourfuture Garrick is a man of refine- ment and understanding. In whichcase he will then do the selecting,....even will he select his leadingactor, his Macklin or his Wyndham.And how relieved we all shall be.The Comic History of the Stage willbe finished. JZ? &amp; THE AMERICAN DRAMATISTby Montrose Moses. j&amp; &amp;JUtr Montrose Moses seems to havestudied The Mask pretty badly.His collection of articles written forseveral American journals show thatthe author is a careful reader withoutany single gleam of vision, ....andseemingly without a point of view.The result is a weighty bookwithout value. There are too manybooks of this kind hurled at anunoffending public, which passesthem on to us poor reviewers toread, and we are just sick ofthem. &amp;£&gt; This author repeats quite anumber of fine-sounding empty-tatements concerning the stage: we don't like this kind of stuff in acritical work, and the Americanstage is in no need of any but themost serious criticism. Mr Mosesthinks he makes things all right bysaying at the end that " Presentday dramatic criticism In America isnot an art ", and that " one doesnot need to be specially trained forthe position but this is absolutelyno excuse. He adds that " the dra- matic critic's position is not an easyone ". It ought not to be if Ameri- can critics are all like Mr Moses.J£? We like a critic to study hissubject first and know it betterthan anyone else ; secondly to takeup a distinct point of view; andthirdly to say what he sees andthinks, even if he loses a job throughit. Mr Moses isn't that kind of acritic. Mr Moses has no confidence inhimself. Mr Moses would get nothingout of a rock however much hestruck it, for Mr Moses has as muchfaith as a door handle, ....and to bethat article is probably Mr Moses'sambition. MODERN DANCING ANDDANCERS by J. E. CrawfurdFlitch M. A. Grant Richards.Price fifteen shillings Net.'"phis is one of those useless books.The writer is an M. A. and theauthor of " Mediterranean Moods ". lf this book has not quite theMonte Carlo touch it has some ofthe oppressiveness of the Mediter- ranean's Libyan mood. I never couldabide the sirocco, but when it comestasselled and begowned as an M. A.then it is doubly relaxing. Why write a book about Dancingat ail unless you know all about theart ? &amp;&amp; There are some scraps of goodjournalism in the book,but journalismat fifteen shillings a copy is ratherexpensive.^&amp; The reproductions of photographsare common and the eight colouredthings in the book pretending alsoproperly to represent two arts aredoubly awful. j0■fßßßTlMTtlWn—rirfTfwnMnKfTTllur——T—lWM—MTl—r mrM—«m—am man mil i ■ i BOUGHT BOOKS. WILLIAM SHAKES byJohn Masefield. Williams andNorg at a. &amp; &amp; jT bought this book first, (for I boughttwo of them), because of the name44 William Shakespeare I boughtthe second copy because of the nameJohn Masefield.It is superbly written and wellimagined, and with great passion dothe lines boil out. Here is a loverof Shakespeare indeed. In a cleverintroduction in two chapters wecome across the following remarks by this serious writer :*'■ Women were not then allowed44 upon the stage. Women's parts44 were played by boys. Some have44 thought that this must have44 taken from the excellence of the44 performances. It is highly likely44 that it added much to it. Nearly44 all boys can act extremely well.44 Very few men and women canA terse paragraph and one whichlends weight to the growing convic- tion that women must leave thestage for its quality to revive. ThatProfessor Raleigh and John Masefieldare agreed on this point lends weightto the indictment of the actress.Altogether this is one of the bestbooks I would even go so far asto say the best..... written onShakespeare. &amp;it is certainly the smallest, ...asalarge type pages of a book the sizeof the Everyman " series. jSMr Masefield is being hailed asour greatest poet, but if his nextbook is in prose we shall obviouslyhave a masterpiece, and shall thenbe in doubt what to call him. MAGAZINE REVIEWS magazines are very fullof life at times, and bring us oftena good essay or two on the Theatre.But as a rule those American wri- ters who attempt the role of Thea- trical Historian so as to help us toa clearer understanding of the pastmerely succeed in annoying us bya lot of vague guesses founded forthe most part on very weak evi- dence.In Modern Philology (Chicago)there was an article on " An EarlyType of Stage " In a recent num- ber. There was also a short noteby another writer on the " SwanTheatre" which was a little better.The authors take the usual "proofs".... some written word or some singleengraving, and write down theirguesses on the margin. We preferthe method of the only great modernhistorian of the stage, Mr E. K.Chambers.He does not trouble himself orus about any special fifth-rateengraving or any chance scratch insuch an engraving: he does not spendpages discussing a couple of words(probably misprints) in an old book.Or If he troubles himself he doesnot seem to trouble, and so makesit charming for us. His method Is toexhaust himself over at least three thousand books, (one might evenguess at double that number) andhe quotes out of each of them, andthere an end. Everything falls intothe right order when he works, andwe get a thick book of facts, factsand nothing but facts. Every otherline is a quotation; sometimes asingle line is made up of the gist oftwo quotations. As we read we aremade to feel sure. Such a giftcannot be for everyone, and yet wefeel that the other historians oughtreally to do a little better andattempt a clearer and calmermethod. jg/&amp; We understand that Mr E. K.Chambers is at work upon theShakespeare book which he mentionsso casually as "a little book" in hisPreface to " The Mediaeval Stage "issued in 1903, and we hope it maysoon appear.This American journal has oneexcellent custom: it numbers thepages of each article from I. towhatever figure the essay mayreach. Thus, if we detach any article(even when it run into threenumbers of the journal) we have aproper order of pages which is quitetuseful.Modern Philology Is issued quar- terly by the University of Chicago. FOREIGN NOTES. BUDAPEST. The Commedia dell'Arte. p. Crom here I am able to send youfamous news.At the National Theatre, underthe direction of Dr Alexander Heve- si, they have improvised a piecefrom a scenario of Riccoboni's, "LeDefiant", thus reviving for the firsttime the splendid traditions of theCommedia dell 'Arte of which somuch has been written in The Mask.It was a superb performance. .£?&amp; Everyone here is delighted, andto prove this I cannot do better thansend you some extracts from theBudapest journals upon this fineachievement of Dr Hevesi and of all who worked under him. j0 |n " AzEst " (The Evening) ErnestSzep, one of the best Hungarianpoets, writes:** There was a feast last nightin the National Theatre... They gavethe ninth production of the comedy- cycle, producing two plays, " MaitrePathelin ", the famous comedy of the 15th century, and an example of theCommedia dell' Arte of the 18thcentury called ** Le DefiantJS/ The second was the event of theevening. And not only that, but anevent and a glory to the NationalTheatre as well as to the wholeHungarian stage.&amp; The sympathetic masqueradingfigures of old-time pantomimes, ofpoetry and picture, Pierrot, Arlecchi- no, Columbina, Scapino, were acted,posed, played, quarrelling, singing,jumping, by members of the NationalTheatre, who never before did acomedy like this and could neverhave even see one before.The Commedia dell' Arte, neverplayed since its own time wasrevived and renewed In its pastsplendour by the National Theatre.The actors had to create theirparts to a great extent themselves.They made them and acted them insuch away that Professor Reinhardtshould have seen them from thegallery in that bewitching worldwhich upon that night was conjured up on the stage by Hungarians. 0&amp; It was a happiness and pride toknow that we were in the NationalTheatre and that we were Hun- garians. J0&amp; All honour is due to this nobletheatre and to the talent of Mr He- vesi, by whose art as a Producer thisthing was created and who evenafter long applause did not showhimself before the curtain.&amp; Magyar Nemzei (HungarianNation) j0....So much real, and really felt,joy, so much cheerfulness is seldomto be found in a public. No doubt agreat deal of this remarkable suc- cess was due to the actors andone can but praise their original,lively, fresh, and sympathetic acting.Nevertheless the main part ofthe merit and the chief recognitionis still due to the producer-in-chief,Mr Hevesi, who translated " MaitrePatheiin" in sparkling rhymes,who arranged the production of "LeDefiant" with the keenest senseof style and also as prelude to theproduction gave us an excellent con- ference which, as well for its contentsas for its form, may be said to havebeen perfect.Budapester Presse. 0 0Mr Mohacsy writes:a? Though the National Theatre last night put off its seriousness for oneevening it is not therefore to betaken less earnestly. j£f It indulged in a piece of theatricalhistory, but without any learnedhigh-browedness ; one was permittedto forget history and to enjoy anenchanting spectacle. *&amp;Last night many hitherto unknowntalents were discovered in the Na- tional Theatre.They first played the old Frenchfarce of "Maitre Patheiin ". Thiswas followed by a sample of the oldCommedia dell' Arte. The scenarioof a hundred lines became In theirhands a delightful comedy in twoparts. 0This theatrical occasion, artisti- cally the best we have seen for a longtime in the National Theatre, wasunder the rule of Mr Hevesi. He wasthe translator of " Maitre Patheiin ",adapter of " Le Defiant ", producerand lecturer. His discourse was in- structive and amusing, artistic andfull of delight.Mr Hevesi was often called beforethe curtain after his conference : hewas also called for later in theevening as its hero. In his stead,but nevertheless in acknowledge- ment of their own merits, the excel- lent actors were honoured withenthusiastic proofs of popular favour. The audience did not stop laughingall the evening through. &amp;Alkotmany (Constitution).Dr Sztrakoniczky writes....Last night the fool's cap crownedthe National Theatre. Chuckling,healthy unrestricted merrimentwhich burst from the people withirrisistable force, over spread theaudience and the stage as well,brought the public and the actorsclose together, and, in the name ofcomedy, made for a few hours anassemblage of mirthful merrimakersof the actors.£&gt; I never before saw men of suchdifferent orders and ranks, drawntogether for one evening by profes- sion, by chance or by custom, un- derstand each other so well, or feelso closely related and so essentiallyone as last night. &amp; £/ £?&amp; The National Theatre revived akind of art which, it became ma- nifest during the performance, itwould have been a mistake not torevive. The circumstance alone showsthat the National Theatre did thework of revival just In the way itshould be done. &amp; £? £?&amp; That skeleton of one hundredlines, once written by Coypel andpreserved by Riccoboni, was filledout and covered with flowers by theactors. Two acts full of merriment* frolic, dancing, joking and laughingwere played with much, and excel- lent, humour... It was an agreable,enjoyable, even a glorious, evening.&amp; The National Theatre showeditself to have reached a height whichwe were always wishing for. It solveda serious artistic problem and didnot only convince but fascinatedthe public. It revived an old spe- cies of art; bringing it forwardtriumphantly; the actors won. uSf No doubt the principle part ofthis victory belongs to Dr Alex- ander Hevesi, the producer-in-chiefof the National Theatre. It was hewith whom the idea of the wholemcomedy-cycle originated ; he whobrought the Commedia dell'Arte onto this stage, he who rendered thisperformance, through the skill ofhis method, a complete success, and,by his excellent artistic sense, madeof it a glorious feature ; he it was who(in introducing the performance ofthe two comedies), gave a fascinating,deep and spirited lecture aboutthem.We do not really know which ofIlls manifold merits should be first,and more especially, acknowledged,,but there is no doubt that thesplendid success of this evening washis. £/&amp; Indeed, after the demonstrative. warm and enthusiastic applause ofthe audience, little need be added inhis praise. £? Budapestl Hirlap (Journal ofBudapest.) JZ? jz? /zr£? Dr Alexander, the doyen of Hun- garian critics, writes&amp; On Wednesday and Thursdaytwo plays were produced, followingan introductory lecture by Dr Hevesl.It was a real pleasure to listen tohim, as in a fresh, natural and yetdistinguished manner he gave ventto a streaming flow of knowledge,ideas and spirited notions, zzf&amp; This introduction was indeednecessary ....The improvised play isborn and fades moment by moment.&amp; The present moment Is Its ele- ment. Hevesl explained this, and indoing so excited the curiosityof the public in such a mannerthat, after having applauded himwe sat looking out eagerly for thoseto come. JZ?The whole of the theatre, spec- tators, actors and all, were seizedby that agreable excitement whichIs a condition of big successes.The lecturer trembled: what'scoming ? The actors entered uponthe thing fearlessly; it was n0w....anyhow. And the spectatorcould hardly overcome his surprise : well, that's grand, fine, reallyentertaining 1 This requires nothingbut to give oneself up wholly tothe minute, and to forget all prepa- ration. zz? &lt;Z? *£? LONDON. The Russian Ballet. R. S. Jt becomes more and more amazingto some of us how it is that theRussian Ballet was ever let intoLondon at all. We used to be sostrict in London and still are sostrict about some things and theyare some of those things which arevery closely connected with theRussian Ballet. JZ? JZ?Still, the ladies are very fasci- nating and quite the nicest part ofthe whole show. JZ? zZ?I suppose it is a little late toadvise England about such matters,for did not Wilde say, " It is alwaysa silly thing to give advice but togive good advice is absolutely fatal."Lord Dunsany's Play. &amp;| ord Dunsany is one of those whostill believe in writing plays.That is to say, he believes that aliterary play Is a drama, and afterall it is much ea~sier to agree withthan to differ from him because hisown plays are so well written, and,indeed, very dramatic. JZ? JZ/&amp; His "Gods of the Mountain" upto a point promised all the time, but when it comes to the dramaticmoment we hardly get what may becalled the "great thrill". It wasthe same with his one act play,** The Glittering Gate ". jZ?«e&gt; All really good dramatic literaryplays serve as the very best ofwitnesses to the truism that dramasare only concerned with that partof life which cannot be spoken. Forone sees how at the end of his taskand when something is going to hap- pen the poet comes either upon ablank wall or upon a great closedgate. He stops dead before it or, ifhe opens It like the character in the" Glittering Gate " he says, " Bill,there aint no drama... nothing butgreat glittering words".But Lord Dunsany has a futurebefore him, probably a great one. NEW YORK A Question of Size. P. G. Most of the journals in Americahave been busying themselves,evidently with Mr Ames' assistance,in trying to find excuses for thefailure of the New Theatre, orMillionaires' Theatre, of New York-And the word has gone forth thatthe reason for its failure was thatit was too large.Whether Americans will takethis sitting down is to be seriously ¥■ doubted. America doesn't as a rulerun away from size; And Americansdon't put forward such weak excusesas a rule. Size! I Really, Mr Ames...We suppose it really was sizewhich made " The Miracle " such asuccess: and what about Barnum's,and Edmund Kean in Drury Lane ?Did size prevent genius realizingitself there ? And that somewhatcelebrated little performance of the" Agamemnon " in Athens at theTheatre of Dionysus,... ~ did thevastness of the theatre (it seated" about twenty thousand persons "sHaigh) prevent its success?Really, Mr Ames, really youmight have thought of a betterexcuse. For it is quite clear on themost casual of enquiries that inancient times, in times not long agoand in modern times size has actuallynothing whatever to do with thesuccess or failure of Dramaticworks. jg? J£?&amp; Well then, where are you, Mr Ames ? £? EDITORIAL NOTES. THE FUTURISTS ' BLUNDER.Jhe Futurists' aim at painting" states of mind ". " You mustrender the invisible which stirs andlives beyond intervening obstacles "they say, and as a rule they selectto show us on a canvas things inmovement.In order to do this they imitatevery frankly the methods of thecinematograph become human. Thatis to say, a palsied cinematograph.The thing which they can't get ridof is their weakness. Their eye isweak; It cannot follow everythingat once. So feeble is the power oftheir eye that, if two persons passeach other, instead of being able tosee both they see bits of both; whatthey can't see they leave out. Theyhave to be very quick to see evenone bit of each figure and to noteits JZ?If a women in a large hat, ahorse, a tram and a bicycle pass infront of a Futurist in quick succes- sion he puts down on the canvasbits of woman, bits of horse, a bitof the tram and a bit of the bicycle. Th is small rough design Is a badFuturist picture, but its the samething as one. £7 j£? The painter is trying to do inline and colour what movement»alone can accomplish. «£&gt;JZ&gt; tie therefore makes a big blunder.Fancy a Futurist blundering 1 Surelythat was not Intentional. £&gt;It comes from forgetting thatmovement is the property of anotherand quite different artist, namely,the artist of the Theatre. And itcomes from the modern lust afterother people's property which hasmade the European quite crazy oflate. Some more-than-Futurlst willsoon come along who professes togive sound to pictures. It is onlydetestable because of the conceit ofthe thing. As though what has been enough to puzzle Leonardo the youngItalian painter is not enough topuzzle the aged Severini.Let Severini get into touch withthe eternal Leonardo as soon as hecan and learn first the respect dueto all masters and the worship dueto those who were the most modestof all, the most obedient to nature,the least conceited when in thepresence of nature.These masters will live on andare the only true Futurists, and thesemodern Italian fellows calling them- selves Futurists are already deadand don't know it. A LESSON THE*&lt; TITANIC ". &amp;'yhey denied the sinkability of theTitanic" and of all the greatmodern ships. They deny the unsafeposition of the modern stage andthe power of the Music Hall and theCinematograph. &amp; JZ?&amp; Who deny this ? The Managersin each case.j&amp; Just a word then about the Ci=nematograph which the managerstell us we need not fear. There areat the present day four thousandpicture palaces in the BritishIsles. Tens of thousands of peoplevisit them daily. The money expendedis incalculable and rolls Into thecoffers of these theatres throughout twelve and fourteen hours daily.In the United States there areabout 14,000 picture theatres and itis computed that 5,000,000 men,women and children visit these esta- blishments daily. In the course oftwelve months at low prices26000000 pounds sterling are spentby the American Public on this formof entertainment. These are theresults at the end of fifteen years.Mr Cyril Maude, a representativetheatrical manager, said the otherday that he had " heard that thecinema theatres are going out, andthat some of them are eking out asomewhat hazardous existence byengaging actors to appear insketches". &amp;Can any one doubt that If theserious theatre Is run on the samelines as the Cinematograph, thatIs to say, as a shop, that it willfail ? &amp; &amp; &amp;It deserves to fail, and it Isfalling.Let the managers take care howthey deny this, and let them notdream so many dreams. Particularlylet them try to avoid misleadingthe public and the actors and them- selves by comforting statements basedon insufficient and incorrect infor- mation.&amp; There is only one way to save the theatre. It is to get rid of allcommercialism Raising it abovecommercialism not merely in wittyafter-dinner speeches but in straight- forward and energetic action; itwould then no longer compete withthe modern variety and motionpicture shows. &amp; &amp;But to raise the theatre somethingdifferent from theatrical diplomacyis needed. A little theatrical art isthe right lever. &amp; £?Find your men, then,.,... yourartists. Believe us, you will searchfor them and be very humble beforethem on the day of catastrophe. ON SOME GREAT MEN. &amp;sphere is talk of putting up amonument to the memory ofWilliam Blake. We have heard ofthis from several quarters. Somehowwe do not believe that this is alltalk although English people latelyhave been indulging In so much ofthat luxury that costs so little.£? After all it is only fair to our- selves that we should draw the atten- tion of the masses to one of thefew examples of a superman whohas lived in our midst, died and beenforgotten there. By the bye, theyare erecting in Germany a greatmemorial to the man who is sup- posed to have created the superman. . . . that is to say, to Priedrich Nietzsche. We don't know how manymillion marks are to be spent onthe memorial but think that roughlyIt Is about eight millions.Every English artist should some- how contribute towards this for bydoing so we shall lead all the soonerto the statue of William Blake; forthough Nietzsche never speaks ofBlake and though perhaps he maynever have read nor heard of Blakehe is for all that of the same family.JZ? Another great member of thesame family is Walt Whitman. Pro- bably Nietzsche never heard of himeither for he never mentions him.Yet compare the following pas- sages NIETZSCHE Alone do I now go, my disciples IGet ye also hence, and alone I Thuswould I have it." £?" Verily, I beseech you : take44 your leave of me and arm your- -44 selves against Zarathustra 1 And44 better still, be ashamed of him !44 may be he hath deceived &lt;£? 44 The knight of knowledge must44 be able not only to love his ene- " mies, but also to hate his friends:" the man who remaineth a pupil" requiteth his teacher but ill. And44 why would ye not pluck at my44 wreath ?" JZ/Now 1 bid you lose me and find yourselves; and only when ye haveall denied me will I come back untoyou". Ecce Homo. Page s.Zarathustra. Book I.?S? WHITMAN. 188s " \ am the teacher of athletes.A&amp; " He that by me spreads a wider44 breast than my own proves the" width of my own. JG?A&amp; He most honours my style who44 learns under it to destroy the44 44 Leaves of Grass. Page 74.44 I call to the world to distrust44 the accounts of my friends, but44 listen to my enemies, as I myself44 do. &amp; 44 I charge you forever to reject44 those who would expound me, for44 I cannot expound myself. &amp; 44 I charge that there be no the- -44 ory or school founded out of me.A&amp; 44 1 charge you to leave all free.Ibid, page 190.&amp; NIETZSCHEA&amp; 44 Mankind ought constantly to44 be striving to introduce great men;44 this and nothing else is its duty.44 Schopenhauer as Educator".£? WHITMANJS? 44 Produce great Persons, the44 rest follows £? A&amp; &amp;Leaves of Grass.AS? Any student of Nietzsche shouldbe a very careful student of Whit- man and of Blake. The first of themall is of course our own WilliamBlake. Then comes the colossal my- stery Whitman and then the carefularranger and builder Nietzsche. &amp;JG? P. S. At any rate let us avoidputting up a tablet to Blake, letthe memorial cost at least fifty thou- sand pounds, or better still, a hun- dred thousand pounds. •£? &amp;A? 44 Why so much? " you ask. 44Whynot a choice piece of artistry hiddenIn some sweet little dell at the footof Primrose Hill ? " A&amp;A? Because it is not for ourselvesthat we should put up a statue toBlake, nor for the man himself, butsolely for the masses that they maywith upturned eyes and gapingmouths say, 44 who is that for whomfifty thousand pounds was foundand not found too much?" and theanswer will be,"... A MAN. AS?£? Another interesting comparison.&amp; NIETZSCHE. JS?The type of my disciples.... To44 such men as concern me in any44 way I wish suffering, desolation,44 sickness, ill-treatment, indignities44 of all kinds. I wish the misery of44 the defeated. I have no pity for44 them ; because I wish them to have44 the only thing which today proves44 whether a man has any value44 or not, namely, the capacity " of sticking to his guns. &amp;Will to Power Vol. 2 Page 333.GARIBALDI £/&amp; " To the crowds that thronged" him Garibaldi would speak with44 that beautiful voice of his which44 was a part of the secret of his" charm:.... " Come, he who stays at home" is a coward. 1 promise you weari- -44 ness, hardships and battles. But44 we will conquer or die".And again44 Fortune, who betrays us today44 will smile on us tomorow. I am" going out from Rome. Let those44 who wish to continue the war44 against the stranger, come with44 me. I offer neither pay, nor quar- -44 ters, nor provisions; I offer hunger,44 thirst, forced marches, battles" and death. Let him who loves his44 country in his heart and not with" his Hps only, follow me." szrTrevelyan's 44 Garibaldi's Defenceof the Roman Republic ". Pag. 231.And Garibaldi saved and unitedall Italy. &amp; Is the European Theatre goingto shake itself free from Itself and44 claim its own at all hazards " ? LONDON CRITICS ON THELOOSE. J. S. It is rather extraordinary that soreally admirable a paper as the Pall Mall Gazette, ..so well infor- med, so, dare one say, up=to=date ajournal, should, when it touches uponmatters theatrical, write as thoughthings had not altered within thelast ten years. &amp;In its issue for June 15th thePall Mall Gazette has a leadingarticle headed " Harmony on theStage It is very sensibly pointedout that when a stage decorator ismore serious than the actors heattracts more attention to his par- ticular branch of the whole stagework than is right. &amp; £?ug? But what the journal shouldhave added is that a bad and non- serious stage director attracts ex- actly the same amount of notice;You can't look at the actors becausethe twirl and flummery of the sce- nery attract too much attentionto themselves. When a bad decora- tor attracts our attention surelyit is doing an injustice to theacting and also an injustice to theplay; but when a good decoratorattracts us we naturally ask why isthe play not as good, why are theactors unable to hold their own ?One would have thought that apaper like the Pall Mall Gazettewould have wanted to thrash outso important a point as this and toprove to the public that acting today,. especially in England, is a verywishy-washy kind of affair.&amp; Another passage in the article towhich we refer reads as follows :....•' If the allied arts which go to make44 up a Theatrical Representation....44 those of speaking, acting, painting44 and music.... are not in a harmo- -44 nious and equal alliance the whole44 effect of the presentation is de- -44 stroyed&amp; Now this is amazingly careless;for we know nowadays, (having beentold by men whom the Pall MallGazette upholds), that a TheatricalRepresentation can be quite perfectwithout any music at all or can bequite perfect without any speakingat al! and we are also learning thatpainting is by no means an essentialpart in a Theatrical Representation.So serious a Journal as our con- temporary, instead of vaguely asser- ting that Theatrical Representationconsists of 44 speaking, acting, pain- ting and music', should do betterthan this. It would help its readersbetter if it spoke of these threecomponent parts.... voice, scene andmovement. By doing this it wouldbe speaking correctly instead ofloosely, for in voice may, (or maynot) be included song and speech:in scene may, (or may not) be in- cluded painting or architecture, and in movement may, for may not) beincluded acting and dancing.To talk of speaking as beingone of the Arts of the Theatre islike talking of 44 colouring inasbeing part of the art of painting.Neither 44 colouring in" nor 44 spea- king " can be parts of any art. Colourand speech may be.&amp; There is less excuse than therewas ten years ago for writers onthe Theatre to speak loosely aboutthe Art and we do sincerely hopethat it will be possible for writerson theatrical subjects in the moreimportant papers to learn.... and soteach their readers,., to simplify, tosee the whole art in a simpler way.Not to make difficulties and com- plications where none exist, and soto bring about that which they nodoubt desire. That is, that Harmonyand Health should be one. They can- not be one until the critics are moresingle in thought and purpose. But that this will in time comeabout need not be doubted, for, asDarwin wrote, 44 Great is the power44 of steady misrepresentation, but44 the history of science shows that44 fortunately this power does not 44 long endure ". JACK B. YE A TS' S WORKS*All illustrated by the .(If Coloured by the Author, 3j~net.)&amp; PLAYS FOR THE MINIATURE STAGE. &amp;The Treasure of the Garden. 4to 2/6 net. ,The Scourge of the Gulf. Fcap Bvo. i/» net.James Ffaunty; or the Terror of the Western Sea. Fcap Bvo. 1/- net.BOORS FOR CHILDREN.The Little Fleet. Fcap Bvo. i/« net.The Bosun and the Bob»tailed Comet. Fcap Bvo. I/- net.JACK B. YEATS: His Pictorial and Dramatic Art. By Ernest Marriott:With Chart of Pirate Island, and Portrait. Fcap Bvo. I/- net.LONDON. ELK I N MATTHEWS. VIGO STREET. W. f THE POETRY REVIEWA Monthly Periodical de voted to the Study andAppreciation of Modern Poetry of all countries.A SPECIAL SUBJECT WILL BE DEALT WITH IN EACH ISSUE.THE FOLLOWNG ARE AMONG THOSE SELECTED FOR 1912.WOMEN POETS.AMERICAN POETRY.FRENCH POETRY.GERMAN POETRY.MYSTERY PLAYS.ITALIAN POETRY.THE CELTIC TWILIGHT.THE FIRST ISSUE APPEARED IN JANUARY 1912ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION FIVE SHILLINGS NET-SEPARATE COPIES SIXPENCE NET.Of all Booksellers, and In Florence ofSuc c. B. Seeb e r, Via Tornabuoni.93 CHANCERY LANE, LONDON W. C. TO THE SHYwho would Subscribe to " The Mask " if,.... and if,.... and if. £*"Come now! Less nonsense andout with your money !(Coilodi's Pinocchlo)THE MASK OFFICE. ARENA QOLDONI. FLORENCE '•THE MASK IS THEFINEST COMMODITYIN THE WORLD." &amp;Goldoni,