The mask 6 3 January 1914 naau_1914-01_01 The mask 6 3 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 Max Beerbohm Illustration 4 PAST &amp; FUTURE, YESTERDAY &amp; TOMORROW. "THE MASK" AND FUTURISMO. John Semar cre 5-7 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 7 FUTURISM AND THE THEATRE. A Futurist Manifesto by Translated from the Italian IN PRAISE OF THE VARIETY THEATRE. D. Nevile Lees cre 8-13 ON FUTURISMO AND THE THEATRE. Some Notes Gordon Craig cre 14-20 Untitled Image Illustration 20 A TRUTH &amp; A RECIPE &amp; A HINT. 20 Untitled Image Illustration 20 VINCENT VAN GOGH.(1) A Note on his Life and Letters Felix Urban cre 21-24 Untitled Image Illustration 21 Untitled Image Illustration 24 THE DUTY OF THE Lafcadio Hearn cre 24 A HISTORY OF PUPPETS "Yorick cre 25-36 Untitled Image Illustration 25 Untitled Image Illustration 36 PUPPETS IN JAPPAN. Some Notes a Japanese cre 37-40 Untitled Image Illustration 37 PLAINSONG: A Note "Cantor cre 41-43 Untitled Image Illustration 41 Untitled Image Illustration 43 LITTLE STAGES. A Word Allen Carric cre 45-46 Untitled Image Illustration 45 Untitled Image Illustration 46 HAIL! DIVINE ARROGANCE E. Gordon cre 47-49 THE FIT AND THE UNFIT: A Note on Training Gordon Craig cre 50-53 Untitled Image Illustration 50 Untitled Image Illustration 53 ON LEARNING MAGIC. A Dialogue many times repeated, and here recorded Yoo-no-hoo cre 54-57 Untitled Image Illustration 57 THE APOSTATES. A Word by Nietzsche. Thus spake Zarathustra". Translation by Thomas Common cre 57 Untitled Image Illustration 57 KINGSHIP Some Thoughts concerning Hanako the Actress: Japan: India: Friendship and the King Gordon Craig cre 58-61; 63-64 "INDIA'S DARKEST AGE:" Preparing for those Sacrifices to Siva, the Destroyer, which are prevented by the coming of Conquest, holding aloft the Cross-hilted Sword of Christendom. A drawing from the illustration by R. Caton Woodville in the Illustrated London News, November 1. 1913. Illustration 61 Untitled Image Illustration 64 GUIDINO STARS OF THE STAGE, A Note John Semar cre 65-69 Untitled Image Illustration 69 SO MUCH IS CHANCE. A Note Allen Carric cre 70-71 Untitled Image Illustration 70 Untitled Image Illustration 71 THE THEATRE IN WARSAW Ernest Marriott cre 72-76 LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. 77-80 THE MUSIC HALL AND THE CHURCH. GORDON CRAIG cre 77-79 BURBAGE AND SHAKESPEARE'S STAGE. Yours faithfully, Charlotte C. Stopes cre 79 Stopes, in addition to the above letter forwarded for publication ha John Semar cre 80 BOOKS REVIEWS. 81-83; 85; 87-95; 97 Untitled Image Illustration 81 THE DRAMA OF TODAY, by 81-82 SHAKSPERE AS PLAYWRIGHT 82 GREEK ART AND NATIONAL 83 PLAYS OP OLD JAPAN. THE 83; 85; 87 View of the "No" Stage. Illustration 85 The Future of the Theatre, by 88-92 THE ARTS AND CRAFTS OF 92 Here follows the Extract. 92-94 VISVAKARMA. Examples 94 Korean Folk Tales, Translated 94-95; 97 Argument or Discussion "Do not fear! " Illustration 95 Hands of a Dancing girl 9. A Deer. 10. Krishna's raising Mount Govardhan. 11. Vishnu's Garuda. 12. A Bed. Illustration 95 "The Pose of Kingly Ease" Illustration 97 Diagram of stage arrangement in the showing also the position of 84 Reproduced by permission of the Royal Society of Literature. Illustration 84 FOREIGN NOTES. 99-101 Untitled Image Illustration 99 LEEDS. 99-100 Haste and 44 New " Methods. 99-100 PARIS. 100-101 A Commercial Theatre. G. N cre 100-101 FLORENCE. 101 The Sicilians and Loyalty. N. L cre 101 EDITORIAL NOTES. 102-105 Untitled Image Illustration 102 M. LEON BAKST, 1913. 102-103 LE MARIAGE FORCE. jS&gt; 103-104 FROM " GOSSIP REPORT. " 104-105 ART &amp; THE MIDDLE CLASSES. 105 A FREQUENT QUESTION. 106 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 107 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 107 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 107 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 107 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 108 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 108 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 109 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 109 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 110 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 110 OFTHE ART OF THE THEATRE Volume Six. Number Three JANUARYI o i 4 ARENA GOLDONIFLORENCEITALY YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION FIFTEEN SHILLINGS. SINGLE COPY PRICE FOUR SHILLING NE j .TRADE AGENTS.S/MP K i Nf MARSHALL, HAMILTON. KEN T &amp; CO. LOND O N. THE MASK. JANUARY 1914- rT,he Editor will be glad to consider MSS relative to the Art and History of theTheatre, but would point out that he can only make use of articles written bysuch as have a real knowledge of the subjects treated.All possible care will be taken, but he cannot hold himself responsible for theaccidental loss of MSS. These must in every case be accompanied by a stamped andaddressed envelope as otherwise they cannot be returned. &amp;Communications should be addressed to the Arena Goldoni. Florence. Italy. PAST AND FUTURE, YESTERDA Y AND TOMORRO W. PAST AND FUTURE, YESTERDAY AND TOMORROW. FUTURISMO AND THE THEATRE. FUTURISMO AND THE THEATRE. FUTURISMO AND THE THEATRE. FUTUR/SMO AND THE THEATRE. FUTURISMO AND THE THEATRE. FUTURISMO AND THE THEATRE. FUTURISMO AND THE THEATRE. FUTURISMO AND THE THEATRE. FUTURISMO THE THEATRE. FUTURISMO AND THE THEATRE. FUTURISMO AND THE THEATRE. VINCENT V VINCENT VAN GOGH VINCENT VAN GOGH A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A M/STORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF . PUPPETS IN JAPAN. PUPPETS IN JAPAN. &amp; PUPPETS JAPAN. PL A INS ONG: LITTLE STAGES. HAIL ! DIVINE ARROGANQE. HAIL! DIVINE ARROGANCE. THE FIT AND THE UNFIT THE FIT AND THE UNFIT THE FIT AND THE UNFIT ON LEARNING MAGIC. ON LEARNING MAGIC. ON LEARNING MAGIC. KINGSHIP. KINGSHIP. KINGSHIP. KINGSHIP. GUIDING STARS OF THE STAGE GUIDING STARS OF THE STAGE GUIDING STARS OF THE STAGE GUIDING STARS OF THE STAGE SO MUCH IS CHANCE. THE THEATRE IN WARSAW. THE THE A TRE IN WARS A W. THE THEATRE IN WARSAW. THE THEATRE IN WARSAW, LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. BOOKS REVIEWS. BOORS REVIEWS. January 1914.THE MASK. BOOK REVIEWS, BOOK RE VIE WS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS, THE MASK.January 1914. THE MASK.January 1914. FOREIGN NOTES. FOREIGN NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES. EDITORIAL . EDITORIAL NOTES. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Gerente Responsabile, GIULIO VANZI. JI1 U"U U J." 'JUHWWi ' -.U 1 v», 'I'IJJ f «.. r ~ is***-1 IjU ' jflgfyANNOUNCEMENTS; FROM " THE MASK PRESS "ARENA GOLD ON I. FLORENCE, ,&amp; Jp THE MASK. VOLUME SIX. &amp;Jf\ Of the sixth Volume, which began with the July number, ThreeEditions are published, and the yearly subscriptions, post free,*° ese Editions are respectively as follows.I Popular Edition. . . . Shillings 15. Dollars 4.00D Large Paper Edition (200 copies.) ~ 20. „ 5.00Edition de Luxe. (15 copies.) „ 65, „ 16.00' 111 THE MASK. 1908... 1909... 1910... 911... 1912... 1913....£/ A certain number of complete sets of Volumes , 2, 3, 4 &amp; 5.I f still"remain, and, bound in vellum, may be obtained from thisoffice, price eight guineas, (dollars 38) a set.A PEW EXTRA Vol. 4. shillings 25 dollars 6.50 eachSETS OF Vol. 5. ,  „ 30 „ „ 5.50 „j0 Volume 5, Large Paper Ed, (vellum bound,) shillings 25,dollars 6.50. 4? jS/Orders and Subscriptions may be sent direct to1 THE MASK Offices, Arena Gold on i, Florence, Italy.I or " The Society of the Theatre." 7, John St, Adelphi, London. Tel: 1601 Regent | SOME OPINIONS ON "THE MASK"■■UIiIMIII 111—flliBilillMIII II ■IIIIIIMIIMIIMIIB lIHIHIM 111 111 I 111 IB If iM li 1H Hi f iimiiimihimh| " There is not a page in it which is not interesting1 "and stimulating in a fine way".li " The Mask " always contains something worth ,if " and often something worth keeping| Pali Mali"A quite remarkable magazine, rich in intel- ligence. "Westminster Gazette.**A very amusing and stias well as a" beautiful, magazineThe Daily Telegraph. null lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIWII —I ■II 111 IH ■mn lIIIM ■■■■■lHBl 111 111 l ,111, l » li'.'ffl'liriCTMOTim lIHIIIHIIIIIIWI'II ■BMnBBBBHHHMHHBBBBnMHMBMMMH| ANIDEA &amp;I IS A RARE I j" THE MASK " started in FLORENCE, does not existfor its own sake." THE MASK " Ihas already lived for six years for AN IDEA. ITHE SCHOOL FOR THE ART OF THE , ||started in FLORENCE, was brought into being for the sake 11I H III LONDON, moves with " THE and SCHOOL 11I if • H k| J YOUR RESPONSIBILITY IS THE SOCIETY OF THE THEA TRE 1 1 Stampata privatamente ali'Arena Goldoni, Via de' Serragli, Firenze. LITERARY CONTENTS. PAST &amp; FUTURE, YESTERDAY &amp; TOMORROW. John Semar .... 185.FUTURISM AND THE THEATRE . . . . Marinetti .... 188.ON FUTURISM AND THE THEATRE . . . Gordon Craig . . . 194-VINCENT VAN GOGH Felix Urban . . . 201.A HISTORY OF PUPPETS 44 Yorick ". (P. Ferrigni) . 205.PUPPETS IN JAPAN By a Japanese . . . 217.PLAINSONG, A Note by 44 Cantor" . . . . * 221.LITTLE STAGES Allen Carrie. . . . 225.HAIL! DIVINE ARROGANCE E.Gordon .... 227.THE FIT AND THE UNFIT Gordon Craig . . . 230.ON LEARNING MAGIC Yoo-no-noo . . . . 234.KINGSHIP Gordon Craig . . . 239.GUIDING STARS OF THE STAGE. . . . John Semar . . . 245.SO MUCH IS CHANCE Allen Carrie . . . 250.THE THEATRE IN WARSAW .... Ernest Mariott . . . 252.LETTERS TO THE EDITOR, BOOK REVIEWS, FOREIGN NOTES, EDITORIAL NOTES.Short Extracts, Lafcadio Hearn and Nietzsche, 204, 237. ILLUSTRATIONS. A GORDON CRAIG CARICATURE . . . Max Beerbohm . (Frontispiece).A DRAWING Vincent van Gogh. . 291.THE MUSICIAN Early Italian woodcut . 228.TWO WOODCUTS . Early Italian . . . 225, 226.44 INDIA'S DARKEST AGE " A Drawing from the "Illus- trated London News " 241.PLAN OF THE 44 NO " STAGE 264.THE JAPANESE 44 NO " STAGE Face 264.EIGHT INDIAN DESIGNS . V. r Face 272. Max Beerbohm PAST &amp; FUTURE, YESTERDAY &amp; TOMORROW. "THE MASK" AND FUTURISMO. John Semar. fter all it is not only today that counts.&amp; Yet whenever we see the words Past, Future, Yesterday, Tomorrow,we wag our heads and know what we know. And what we think weknow is that Today, Now, is the time of times.A.- . , A' '*-'-;lt is A time of times,... tomorrow is another,... and yesterday not abit less so, and all the Past wonderful and all the Future magical -, butnot one Is ahead of the other, for Time is round like Truth.&amp; So it actually comes to this:... that we have no power to quarrelwith time. How it flies !... no, seems to fly. Yes, but we don't quarrelwith that which runs away from us and will not stop to argue.JZ? Yet though it seems we have to accept Time in all its stages thereis certainly no reason why we should not keep a clear head as to thedifferent Times.a? And to have turned night into day was not clever of us: and now thereis a'tendency to turn the past into the future, to annex yesterday andcall it tomorrow. Your true Futurist is always doing this. Knowing hecannot turn the Past into the Future he will anyhow call yesterdaytomorrow.JZ? in this he is at least clever enough to have seen that yesterday isnot exactly the past, ...it is too near us to be called that.&amp; In this number of The Mask we find a place for Futurism,... TheatreFuturism.Til! now, except for an extract of Marinetti's Manifesto, which appearedin a London halfpenny paper, no translation of this Manifesto whichwe now print on page 188 has been seen in England. ««The English Review " would not find a place for it although Itbelongs far better to that admirable journal than either to The Maskor to that famous halfpenny paper in which the extract appeared.Those who have read The Mask since 1908 will quickly understandwhy we have Included it here, while they will know that a wider ormore advanced programme than that laid down by us in 1908 is notgoing to appear even by the aid of all the Futurists to come.We planned as widely as we could.Gordon Craig's design for the furthest future provides us all withall the most suggestive flights which imagination will ever want toconceive.If the Future moves at all in the grandest direction it must movealong the road which he has shown us.&amp; There are never two best leaders. There is always only one best.The others all range up in good order behind or fall out of theprocession.You, the Readers of The Mask, may rest assured that your leader isa long way in advance of the latest comers... although the Fashions ofthe moment always would emphasise the value of being the last comer.Why this is so no one has yet been told.&amp; And our leader's chiefest pride Is that he does not and will not leavego of the hand of the theatres of the Past or of Yesterday.They go with him or he will not move.&amp; That he loves the old Theatre,... and yesterday's and today's, ispalpable in every word he writes.&amp; That he longs for and relies on the Theatre to bring about its ownRenaissance is quite clear.And this attitude of his Is natural to him as he comes from an ancienttheatrical family.&amp; Other '* Reformers " who would be leaders so often are tinkering inthe rear instead of on the advance owing to the misfortune of havingno theatre blood and bone.They have " taken up " the theatre.&amp; It is good for them to have made a start,... but go they never so fastnature has placed others in front of them. Nature has selected Gordon Craig and placed him foremost of all.Europe Is under his influence and begins to move " towards a newtheatre " as he has directed it to move. England, ever shy, and, throughthis defect, ever liable to make blunders, has not yet availed herself ofthe unique opportunity she could claim by showing a little more self- confidence.But this is only England's old fault which she is ever a trifle vainabout parading.Meantime the exploitation of the last comers and the latest things isgiving England the little Continental touch of colour she so much longedto put on her cheek and on her lip.&amp; Yet, when all the latest things have been forgotten, and when theyounger generation has sprung a new idea upon us, we shall turn to theidea of our leader because of its ever refreshing youth, and because ofits propelling power.&amp; And we shall then find that all the time that Idea has been spreadingroots and see it growing up towards the sun.&amp; And all in spite of apathy, resistance and our English shyness. FUTURISM AND THE THEATRE. A Futurist Manifesto by Translated from the Italian IN PRAISE OF THE VARIETY THEATRE. by D. Nevile Lees. (1) have a profound disgust for the contemporary theatre, (verse,, prose and music) because it wavers stupidly between historic recon- struction, (a pastiche or a plagiarism) and the photographic reproductionof our daily life.&amp; On the other hand we asssiduouly frequent the Theatre of Varieties,(Music Halls, Cafe-chantants or equestrian circuses) which today offersthe only theatrical spectacle worthy of a truly futurist spirit.&amp; FUTURISM EXALTS THE VARIETY THEATRE because:....i. The Theatre of Variety, born with us, has not, fortunately, anykind of tradition ; neither masters nor dogmas, and nourishes itself uponactuality.&amp; 2. The Theatre of Variety is absolutely practical because it simply setsout to distract and amuse the public with representations of comicality,of erotic excitation or of imaginative wonder.&amp; 3, The authors, the actors and the machinists of the Theatre of Varietyhave one sole motive to exist and to triumph: that of incessantlyinventing new elements of wonder. Hence the absolute impossibility ofstagnation or repetition ; hence a hot rivalry of brains and muscles soas to surpass the various records of agility, velocity, strength, complexityand grace.4. The Theatre of Variety* being a lucrative medium for innume- rable inventive efforts, naturally generates that which I call Futurist" marvellousness " produced by modern mecchanism. One finds thereat one and the same time: powerful caricatures; depths of absurdity;impalpable and delicious Ironies; bewildering and definite symbols,torrents of uncontrollable hilarity, profound analogies between humanity,the animal world, the vegetable world and the mechanical world ; con- clusions of revealing cynicism, the net works of witty sayings, puns andriddles which serve agreably to let in fresh air upon the intelligence, al! the gamut of the laugh and smile to stretch the nerves: allthe gamut of stupidity, imbecillity, blockishness and absurdity which,Insensibly, push to the very border of madness: all the new signifi- cations of light, of sound, of noise and of speech, with their my- sterious and inexplicable prolungations in the most unexplored centresof our sensibility.5. The Theatre of Variety is today the crucible In which are stirringthe elements of a new sensibility which is coming into being. Therein isfound the ironic decomposition of all the ruined prototypes of the Beautiful,the Great, the Solemn, the Religious, the Ferocious, the Seductive andthe Terrible, and also the abstract elaboration of the new prototypeswhich shall succeed to these.The Theatre of Variety is thus the synthesis of all that which humanityhas up till now refined in Its own nerves so as to divert itself in laughingat material and moral suffering; it is, besides that, the ebullient fusion ofall the laughter, of all the smiles, of all the jeers, of all the contortions,of all the raillery of future humanity. Therein may be tasted the gaietywhich will move men a hundred years hence, the researches of theirpainting, of their philosophy, their minds and the upward springing oftheir architecture.6. The Theatre of Variety offers the most hygienic of all performancesowing to its dinamism of form and colour (simultaneous movement ofjugglers, dancers, gymnasts, varicoloured riding troupes). With its rhythmof swift and langourous dance the Theatre of Variety forcibly draws theslowest souls from their torpor and constrains them to run and leap.It is, in fact, the only theatre in which the public does not remaininert like a stupid onlooker, but noisily participates in the action, Itselfsinging, accompanying the orchestra, communicating with the actor withunexpected quips and extravagant dialogues.The action is carried on at the same time on the stage, in the boxesand in the pit. It then continues at the end of the performance, amongthe battallions of admirers, sugary youths who crowd at the stage doorto dispute the star, final double victors;... a chic supper and bed.7. The Theatre of Variety is an instructive school of sincerity for themale, because it strips from the woman all veils, all the phrases, all the sighs, all the romantic sobs which deform and mask her. It bringsinto prominence, instead, all the admirable animal qualities of thewoman, her powers of capture, of seduction, of perfidy and of re»sistence.&amp; 8. The Theatre of Variety is a school of heroism by reason of thedifferent records of difficulty to overcome and efforts to be surpassed whichcreate upon the stage the strong and sane atmosphere of danger. (Forexample, " Looping the loop " on a bicycle, in a motor car, on horseback).&amp; 9. The Theatre of Variety Is a school of cerebral subtlety, complicationand synthesis by reason of its clowns, conjurers, thought readers, lightningcalculators, mechanicians, imitators and parodists, Its musical jugglersand its eccentric Americans, whose fantastic pregnancies bring forthincredible objects and mecchanisms.10. The Variety Theatre is the only school which one can recommend*to adolescents and young men of talent, because it explains in an incisiveand rapid manner the most mysterious problems and the most complicatedpolitical events.&amp; For example: a year ago, at the Folies Bergfcre, two dancers wererepresenting the wavering discussions of Cambon with Kinderley-Watcheron the question of Marocco and the Congo, by means of a symbolic andsignificant dance which was worth at least three years of study of foreignpolitics. The two dancers, turned towards the public, their arms interlaced,the one close beside the other, went on making reciprocal concessionsof territory, leaping forwards and backwards, to right and to left, withoutever detaching themselves the one from the other, each keeping his eyefixed upon the object in view, which was, each to entangle the other inturn. They gave an impression of extreme courtesy, of skilful vacillation,of ferocity, of diffidence, of obstinacy, of meticulousness unsurpassiblydiplomatic.Besides, the Theatre of Variety explains and luminously illustratesthe dominant laws of life:(a) the interweaving of divers rhythms.(b) The fate of lies and contradictions (example; English doublefaced dancers; shepherdess and terrible soldier).(c) the synthesis of velocity plus transformations, (example, Fregoli). (d) the formation and disintegration of minerals and vegetables;(the blossoming forth and disappearance of luminous advertise- ments are a most effectual illustration of this).11. The Theatre of Variety systematically depreciates ideal love andits romantic obsession, repeating to satiety, with the monotony and au=tomaticity of a daily business; the nostalgic languors of passion. It ex=travagantly mechanicalises sentiment, depreciates and healthily scornsthe obsession of carnal possession, abases voluptuousness to the naturalfunction of coition, deprives it of all mystery, of all anguish and of allanti-hygienic idealism.» /The Theatre of Variety gives instead the sense and the taste of easy«light and ironic loves. The spectators of the open air cafe-chantants onthe terraces of the Casinos afford a most amusing contest between thespasmodic moonlight, tormented by infinite griefs, and the electric light,which strikes violently upon the false jewels, the rouged flesh, the many- coloured little skirts, the velvets, the spangles and the false red of thelips. Naturally the energetic electric light triumphs, and the soft anddecadent moonlight is put to rout.&amp; 12. The Theatre of Variety Is naturally anti-academic, primitive andingenuous, hence the more significant owing to the unexpectedness of itsresearches and the simplicity of its means. (Example), the systematicturn of the stage which the chanteuses make, at the end of everycouplet, like wild beasts in a cage.13. The Theatre of Variety destroys the Solemn, the Sacred, theSerious, the Sublime of Art with a capital A. It collaborates in thefuturist destruction of the immortal masterpieces, plagiarising them,parodying them, presenting them just anyhow, without scenery andwithout compunction just as an ordinary " turn." Thus we approveunconditionally the execution of " Parsifal " in forty minutes which isIn preparation for a large London Music-hall.JZ? The Theatre of Variety destroys all our conceptions of time and ofspace, (example, a little doorway and gate 30 centimetres high, isolatedIn the middle of the stage, and through which certain eccentric Americanspass, opening it, and repass, shutting it, in all seriousness, as if theycould not do otherwise). &amp; l4&gt; The Theatre of Variety offers us all the * records' attained hitherto:The greatest equilibristic, and acrobatic feats of the Japanese, the greatestmuscular frenzy of the negroes; the greatest development of the intei=.ligence of animals, (trained horses, elephants, seals, dogs, birds); thehighest melodic inspiration of the Gulf of Naples and of the Russiansteppes, the supreme Parisian spirit, the supreme force, in comparisonone with another, of the different races, (wrestling and boxing), thegreatest anatomical monstrosity, the greatest beauty of women.jZ? 18. The Theatre of Variety offers, in short, to all countries whichhave not one great unique capital, (like Italy) a brilliant resume ofParis considered as the sole and obsessing home of ultra-refined volup=tuousness and pleasure.Futurism wishes to perfect the Theatre of Variety, by transformingit into,THE THE A TRE OF WONDE AND OF RECORD.1. It is necessary absolutely to destroy all logic in the spectacles inthe Theatre of Variety, to exaggerate noticibly its extravagance, to multiplycontrasts and to make the improbable and the absurd reign as sovereignson the stage. (Example ; oblige the singers to paint their bare necks,their arms, and especially their hair in all the colours hitherto neglectedas a means of seduction. Green hair, violet arms, azure breast, orangechignon, etc, To interrupt a singer, making her continue with a revolu- tionary or anarchistic discourse. To sprinkle a romanza with insults andbad words.2. To prevent any kind of tradition establishing itself in the Theatreof Variety. For that reason to oppose and abolish the Parisian " Revues "which are as stupid and tedious as the Greek tragedy; their 'Compere'&lt;and ' Commdre' which exercise the function of the ancient chorus, andtheir procession of political personnages and events, distinguished withwitty sayings, by a most fastidious logic and concatenation. The Theatreof Variety ought not to be, in fact, that which unfortunately it is today,...almost always a newspaper, more or less humourous.&amp; 3. To make the spectators of the pit, the boxes and the gallery takepart in the action. Here are a few suggestions: put strong glue on someof the stalls, so that the spectator, man or woman, who remains glued down, may arouse general hilarity, (the damaged dress»coat or costumewill naturally be paid for on going out), (i)Sell the same place to ten different people; hence obstructions,arguments and altercations, (a)&amp; Offer free seats to ladles and gentlemen notoriously whimsical,Irritable or eccentric, calculated to provoke disturbances by obscenegestures, nudges to the women, and other eccentricities.Sprinkle the stalls with powders which produce itching, sneezing, etc.4. Systematically prostitute the whole classic art upon the stage,representing, for example, in a single evening all the Greek, French andItalian tragedies, condensed and comically mixed up.Enliven the works of Beethoven, Wagner, Bach, Bellini, Chopin, byintroducing into them Neapolitan songs. Put side by side upon the stageZacconi, Duse and Mayol, Sarah Bernhardt and Fregoli. (3)Execute a Beethoven symphony backwards, beginning with the lastnote. (4)Reduce the whole of Shakespeare to a single act. (5) Do the same withthe other most venerated actors. Have 44 Ernani " performed by actorstied up to the neck In so many sacks. Soap the boards of the stage, toproduce amusing tumbles In the most tragic moment. (6)5. Encourage in every way the genre of the American Eccentrics,their effects of exalting grotesque, of terryfying dinamism, their clumsyfinds, their enorhious brutalities, their waistcoats full of surprises andtheir pantaloons deep as the holds of ships, from which issue forth, withthousands of other things, the great Futurist hilarity which is torejuvenate the face of the world.Because, do not forget, we Futurists are of the 44 fiery youngwarriors " (7) as we proclaimed in our manifesto, 44 let us kill themoonlight ". /lj The first unabridged English translation, By permission ol Marinetti &amp; Papini, (1) Yet somehow I hardly see this beiag done twice to the same public.(2) Haven't we already once too often pulled grandma's chair a-way from her just as she was sitting down?(3) Who will do the putting? ...Don't ail speak at once I(4) And then. .?(5) And Marinetti's farces reduced to a single phrase,... what?(6) More than usually considerate 1(7j Uno... due... tre,... fire I ON FUTURISMO AND THE THEATRE. Some Notes by Gordon Craig. '"phe Futurists care not a jot what we think of their proposals ....Goodthen:.... let us to the point.&amp; The Futurist Theatre, as proved by Signor Marinetti's manifesto, isthe Variety Stage of Today, slightly altered.Before going further let me correct a possible misapprehension.My readers and my followers judge me to be a serious man with allmy seriousness awakened when speaking of the Theatre, or writing foror in the Theatre.&amp; In that they are right. I live the Theatre, and I worship it. For meno religion could be dearer and 1 am concerned with nothing else.I would have all the Artists of the Theatre sitting beside the Saints;but a saving sense of humour reminds me that Saints as we have heardof them are beings who seldom are known to be good=mannered enough...human or saintlike enough... to rise and make way for an exceptionalactor or sinner... no, nor an ordinary one.&amp; By an ordinary one 1 mean a "popular" one... a conventional sinner...a sinner who appeals to our native sentiment.&amp; And as all the seats in the dress circle seem packed, and no openingpromises for a sinner, how far less likely is it that an unknown Artistof the Theatre could ever find a place there ISo I put out of my mind the old, or rather, young fancy, born at atime when one is lightly turning to thoughts of love, that any of mycalling will ever enter the realms of Heaven.&amp; To be anywhere but in the front row of Heaven is out of the questionso far as my friends are concerned. I don't know a man amongst themwho would be content merely to carry a banner.No. If frescoes show us the elect all to the fore, and also show usthat Dante, Raphael, Beethoven and Virgil and other artists are of theelect and are given precedence over many an unknown great and goodman, we of the lowly Theatre art and craft were best left out of italtogether... and for all time.&amp; We will create a Heaven upon earth for ourselves,... that it may beshareable and shared by all people... even the elect. This much I am forced to say gaily and seriously on behalf of allthose of us who worship the Theatre as I do.it is our Heaven... and our He 11... our life and our happiness. We arevery proud of it, both as it is and as it will be... if it be as we hope.And our hope is what the Futurists tell us they hope.&amp; But they do less than hope; they announce.With them the task is not difficult for they announce what is... andwhat has been, not what is to come.&amp; They announce a New Theatre... the Theatre of the Future, and thenthey describe it piece by piece.We have read the description.And what they have described is one of today's Theatres.., the VarietyTheatre.I exaggerate in their favour a little, for to be more strictly true, itwas the Theatre of last night.&amp; Now it is time to come to the correction 1 spoke of as I began thisnote.&amp; 1 want for the sake of some of my readers to correct the impressionthat I am one of those " serious " men whose life Is one level andmonotonous round of " seriousness. "Had I been such a man I should not have been ready to appreciateSlgnor Marinetti's Manifesto at its full worth.&amp; " Serious " men never go to a variety show.&amp; 1 do. I used to go very often... till 1 could not afford it. I then slippedinto the very bad habit of asking for a "free pass." I soon droppedthis detestable habit, and have ever since paid for my seats.While there are many actors and theatre men who pay for their seats,very many do not do so and my only reason for mentioning the fact here,is, that it Is the very first necessity for being in a just position to judgefairly of the work done in a Music Hall.&amp; I now go very often to a Variety Theatre and to the Cinematograph;to watch how the conditions of these two places of amusement varyis of considerable interest to me... and besides this I enjoy myselfthoroughly.So, now that 1 have explained how it comes to pass that 1, who am held to be the High Priest ol the High Art Theatre... the Palace Beautiful,,,and so forth, am fitted to speak of this Futurist Manifesto and of thePalace of Prostitution, 1 can proceed to take some parts of the Manifestopiece by piece, and show that It Is ** far back," as they say in the States.I shall afterwards attempt to show you that the real Theatre of theFuture Is to be nothing less than a very serious and splendid thingindeed... that or nothing.j2? While doing this 1 want you to remember that it Is not essential toour understanding In any way to mistake the Futurists as a band ofwild madmen or silly fools. They are neither, They are quite seriousand strong fellows, If rather old in heart. As that is the fault of theirancestors and not their fault let us not attempt to raise a laugh. It Isfar too serious for that.And let us speak as lightly as possible about the surface of thismovement, and if we speak let it be among ourselves and for ourselves.The Futurists are at their work: let us not disturb them.&amp; The Futurist Manifesto Is the most impertinent piece of ignorancethat ever a set of courageous and frisky young men trumped up todeceive themselves with while occupied with other and more profoundthoughts: I will consider a point or two here and there.&amp; The Manifesto opens with these words: "We have a profound disgustfor the contemporary theatre. "This Is an ill-judged statement. It is not the most difficult thing inthe world to have a profound disgust for something which does notbelong to us, something to which we are not related, and with whichwe have no connection whatsoever. I have heard of a fox that had themost profound disgust for the grapes of a certain vineyard to connectionwith which he could make no claim other than that it was contempora- neous with his little life. That vineyard is probably still bearing fruit;and the F0x...? Yes, it was an 111-judged remark of Signor Marinetti'sto say that he had a " profound disgust for the contemporary theatre.'I pass to the second passage: " On the other hand we assiduouslyfrequent the Theatre of Varieties,... which today offers the only theatricalspectacle worthy of a truly Futurist spirit. "&lt;£/ That's j011y!... Never in my life have I seen a Futurist at a Variety show! I can understand that to frequent the Theatre of Varieties canbe inspiring to the Futurist, especially if he be writer or painter, and wehave seen what the inspiration has brought forth. Futurist painting is,1 gather, the apotheosis of the spotlight. But to frequent the Theatre ofVarieties so as to produce the fifteen clauses of the Manifesto provesthat this round-about method was peculiarly uninspiring, and it is forthis reason that the thing is just up to date.... and advances no further.Clause i of the Manifesto tells us that " The Theatre of Varieties,born with us, has not, fortunately, any kind of tradition; (this isincorrect; it is as old as the valleys). It continues, "neither masters nordogmas," (This is also incorrect, as witness this dogmatising Manifestowhich lays down the law "thou shalt have no other gods but s/re"). "andnourishes itself upon actuality (once more incorrect. It nourishesitself upon an actuality. I leave the masculine reader to complete mythought.)The remaining fourteen clauses are not ail so full of errors as thisfirst one, and, indeed, are suggestive to anyone who is not a " profes- sional ".&amp; To the professional the whole Manifesto will possibly come rather asa shock, and some may even resent the suggestion in clause is thatFuturismo thinks It can "perfect" the Theatre of Variety by "trans- forming " it from what it is set out to be in clauses 2 to 14 into a" Theatre of Wonder and Record ". But why should the Futurist wish to" transform " that which he asserts is so good as it is ? ...and music hall" artists " like to think they are doing their best. In fact in the newproposals we are forced into a reminiscence of the kind advice of those" friends " from whom we so often pray HeaVen to save us.Whether such theoretical suggestions can in any way bring help toan organism so powerful and practical as the modern Variety Theatrehas yet to be seen.In clause 13 we are told that the Theatre of Variety " destroys all our" conception of time and space " (example, a little doorway and gate" 30 centimetres high, isolated in the middle of the stage, and through" which certain eccentric American clowns pass, opening It, and repass," shutting it, in all seriousness,'as if they could not do otherwise." £? This Is incorrect: only last night 1 was at a circus and saw twoclowns making use of this very isolated little gate thirty centimetreshigh. If it failed to destroy even the slight conception a human king hasof time and of space, it succeeded in annihilating this conception of theFuturists. No more unfortunate example could have been chosen bySignor Marlnetti.&amp; Finally, 1 do heartily approve of this queer grim Manifesto: just asI prefer even the "vulgar" side of the Variety Theatre to the "polite"veneer of the legitimate stage. If mere " vulgarity " is outrageous, merepoliteness Is hopeless.Futurismo in the Theatre can do no harm. More room for it, then.Let it go 0n.., It must go 0n... we must get over it.&amp; And It was a courageous sacrifice, and Marinetti and his friendswill one day be held In esteem. For Marinetti is in grim earnest aboutsomething.&amp; Signor Marinetti knows what he wants: he wants to stir upeverything, and we ought to hope that In spite of giving so much ofhis time to politics, religion, and the other arts he will still havea few hours a month to spare to the study of this by no meanseasy art of ours and a share of attention for the questions relating toits practise.&amp; If our programme laid down more than seven years ago seems tohave excluded the suggestions of the Futurists, it was only that we wereunable to allow ourselves to " take sides. " Party politics are necessary,but we needed not to make use of them.Marinetti, digging frantically yet most gallantly with his spade, mustimpel others to the same task. He turns sapping Into a fine art. Talkingis thrown away on a man occupied with a spade and the soil. Standaway,... or take up a pick and lend a hand. EPILOGUE. I 'm bit of a Revolutionary myself. Not to be in the fashion, 1 revoltagainst Revolt.&amp; I believe 1 want Order, and Obedience to be as natural as chaos anddisloyalty. 1 have said what 1 had to say about revolting from the chaotic stateof the modern theatre, (i)&amp; And what I have said will be understood by some one before long.The rest will have to obey this someone, and that Obedience willstand for as much as understanding. I announced the return of the ÜberMarionette or Idol, and the exodus of the actor from the Theatre, and Irepeat it.... the Über Marionette is inevitable. The actor of sense willunderstand me. He knows. He is of my family. No particular of myprogramme excludes him, even if it reorganizes many of his presentduties and provides for all accidents waiting to scare him. When thetime comes his place is secure.And the Cinematograph ?" Some day " a writer has just announced, ** we shall demand the" Terrible and the Grandiose; we shall not need the Über Marionette;" we, with the kinema will focus actors any size and aid them by subtle*' light and curious lines in scenery ". (2)We,... three we's,... a triple alliance !!!So that seems assured.&amp; But I assure you, my dear ' We,' that the Idol will outlive all thekinemas in the w0r1d,... will outlive modern youth too, till it becomesyoung once more,... and, what is more, will actually outlive PARIS andthe Feminist movement, the city and the great whore of Babylon, and,when everyone Is tired, a little fellow shall come who shall make an Idolof the world and shall adore the world and LOVE must then come again.with the dance,.... kick your heels,.... wag your tongues,....flourish your pens... defy the thing which made some of you and willmake some children again;... grow more and more confused,.... raveabout "love " while meaning kisses and champagne; rave about womenand their mission, meaning all but woman: ...quicker and quicker,...clash of cymbels, thumping of myriads of drums; cheap wine burstinginto " ecstasy dribbling drunkenness.,... muddle and discord hailedas " glorious ".&amp; And if you ever dream, and in a dream see a red and white child full of that which must not be named now agd here,... to deny thatyou saw it, but fail,... fail if you can in your denial. For the old truth isas young as ever, and to LOVE is never old, and we never too oid tobegin to LOVE. (I) "On the Art of the Theatre " 1905-1911. {2l George Banks in " The Manchester Playgoer " No. 4. page 129 A TRUTH &amp; A RECIPE &amp; A HINT. How to form an Image.Jn order that the form of an Image may be brought fully and clearlybefore the mind, the Imager should meditate ; and his success will beproportionate to his meditation. No other way.... not indeed seeing theobject itself... will achieve his purpose.Sukracarya in *' Sukvanitisara How to make a Glue.'"pake the curd of milk, put it in a cloth and strain the water away.Tie up the curd of milk in a cloth like a pudding and put it intoboiling water... let it boil a good while.4&amp; It becomes hard like cheese^curd.CJZ? Then mix it with lime and use it.From Knox's 44 Historical relation of Ceilon ". page 96. How to avoid Conceit./A nd now Jet us get to work, and if you can't meditate, make glue. Thetwo actions can be of equal value.&lt;£? Come a10ng,.... Let us get to work. VINCENT VAN GOGH.(1) A Note on his Life and Letters by Felix Urban. Ane would ima- gine that thename of Van Goghwas as well knownas that of Rem- brandt, and thathis pictures andwritings were alsowell known.But this is notthe case. He iseven less knownthan Rembrandt, and it is a pity we were all prevented from knowing hfm earlier. We havesuch an unfortunate way of getting to know our good men too late, andwe seem to learn nothing by experience, and so do not save ourselves arepetition of such blunders by looking around and giving our support tothe good workers, the great artists, who are still alive and at work today,** Vincent Van Gogh, born in 1853, died at the early age of thirty seven,and it was only, it seems, during the last eight years of his life that44 he may really be said to have devoted himself entirely to painting " ;for Emile Bernard reminds us that, though he always used to draw, itwas not until the year 1882,,.. when he was already twenty nine yearsof age,... that he'gave his attention wholly to painting, writing tohis brother, 44 In a sense I am glad that I never learned to paint I"really do not know how to paint"; and yet, concerning two studieswhich he completed about this time, he says, 44 I feel quite certain that44 on looking at these two pictures, no one will ever believe that they41 are the first studies I have ever painted."But, having once entered upon his work, he was a hard worker ; onewho was for ever painting the fields; rag-pickers, beggars and humblerooms. &amp; And all the while he was writing letters recording his thoughtsimpressions ; letters in great part addressed to that younger brother hdevotion to and faith in his elder led him, in the midst of hisI / vJ S3verty, to contrive to spare the allowance which should make it posslblfor Vincent to continue to live and carry on his work.Painters of this type, men who work, and at the same time write asdid Van Gogh, are rare. As a rule they either write of their prices orof suppers, or are too lazy or superior to write at all.&amp; The Letters of Vincent Van Gogh, which have been lately translatedinto English, (i) are the letters of a very simple and modest man, whowas as direct in his writing as he was in his painting.And throughout they are full of his work: the work he has done, thework he is doing, the work he purposes to do."My ambition » he writes in one letter, "is to make my picturesrth -what I spend on them; or something more, because one must14 think of past expenses 9\Expense always had to be a consideration with Van Gogh. He workedwell, ...and he worked at a disadvantage, as so many good workers havedone, on rather an empty stomach.44 Forgive me, » he writes to his brother, « if I exceed my allowance:*' 1 shaU work aH th 6 more for it. Since Thursday I have been so hardup that from then until Monday I had only two real meals. At other44 times I had only bread and coffee, which 1 had to have on credit, and44 I paid for it today. If you can, therefore, send me something quickly&amp; Again he writes, 44 I constantly reproach myself with the fact thatmy painting does not bring in as much as it costs, and yet one must44 work. You must, however, remember that if ever it should becomenecessary for me to go into business, in order that your lot may be41 lighter, ! should do so without regret ". And, in another place, 44 Evenif painting be detestable, and much too full of hardship nowadays, hewho in spite of all chooses this craft must on that very account be aman full of devotion and firmness. Society so often makes our Lifevery hard indeed, and that is the cause of our shortcomings and of44 the imperfection of our work ". Life was certainly very hard for Van Gogh, owing to ill=»health as wellas to poverty; and, insanity being added at last to other physical ills,his latter days were spent in an asylum, where, in his lucid periods, he44 was still able to paint beautiful pictures ".%Gauguin, who had been his companion and fellow worker in Provencebefore his entry into the asylum, writes as follows concerning the lastdays of his friend:&amp; 44 in his last letter from Auvers, near Pontoise, he said that he had44 always hoped that his health might so far Improve as to permit him44 to paint with me in Brittany, but that he was then convinced that44 recovery was out of the question. 4 My dear master, after having known44 you and grieved you, it is more dignified to die while I am fully44 conscious of what I am doing, than to take leave of this world in a44 state which degrades me He fired a bullet at himself, and, a few44 hours later, while lying in bed smoking his pipe, with all his wits44 about his, full of passionate love for his art, and without any feelings44 of resentment towards humanity, he passed quietly away&amp; It has been said that the letters of Van Gogh are those of a simpleman, and passages illustrative of this may be found again and again.For instance what a simple and refreshing sound the following passagehas about it 1...44 Just suppose that I am to paint the portrait of an artist friend 44 an artist who dreams great dreams and who works as the nightingale44 sings, simply because it is his nature to do so.44 Let us imagine him a fair man. All the love I feel for him I should44 like to reveal in my painting of the picture. To begin with, then, 144 paint him just as he is, as faithfully as possible... still this is only the44 beginning. The picture is by no means finished at this stage. Now I44 begin to apply the colour arbitrarily. I exaggerate the tone of his fair44 hair; I take orange, chrome, and dull lemon yellow. Behind his head,44 instead of the trivial wall of the room, 1 paint infinity. 1 make a44 simple backgronnd out of the richest of blues, as strong as my palette44 will allow. And thus, owing to this simple combination, the fair and44 luminous head has the mysterious effect, upon the rich blue background,4f of a star suspended in dark ether. " -2? How right the good fellow was to speak 50,.... to speak technicallywhile starting out from the word Lo.The Futurists shall one day turn b!ack and save that scrap from thpast, no matter how much they deride that past. There is someth'there with which they cannot dispense.... The force and inspiration ofLove,... the only force which overcomes and the only power whichachieves. (lj The design by Van Gogh given on this page is reproduced by the Courtesy 0! Messrs Constable. (7) Tfee " Letters of a Post-Impressionist." Constable. London THE DUTY OF THE Lafcadio Hearn. '"The obtrusive, the eccentric, the sharply bitter, naturally compelattention at first..., just as in real life the forward, the selfish, theaggressive, force themselves upon us. It is the highest possible value,as a means of self-preservation, to understand them. But I suspect it isof no value at all to draw them, to photograph them, to give themartistic treatment, except in a contrast study. They are not beautiful,they are not good.0" the other hand, the beautiful in life must be sought and coaxed,and caressed to make it show its colours. It does not appear very oftenspontaneously. It fights for life against ugliness and wickedness andselfishness; it is Ormuzd against Ahrlman.&amp; Now what is the artist's moral duty ?.... in the eternal order of things,to art and ethics ? Is it not to extract the gold from the 0re.... the rubiesand emeralds from the rubble ? I think it i 5.... though many may laughat me. Thus newer and higher ideals are created.We advance only by new ideals.... The value artistically of our high- pressure civilization seems to me to be that its monstrosities and gloomsand tragedies infernal give the opportunity for the grandest contrastsever made. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS by "Yorick". (I) PUPPETS IN ENGLAND. s we set out for the first time on the road thatleads from Spain to England to search for records,and to study the manners and customs of Mario- nettes in the United Kingdom of Great Britainand Ireland, there arises spontaneously in themind a reflection of a general nature and ofpsychological character.It may seem strange to some that a pastime, or amusement, that reveals, both on the part of the artists and of thepublic, a liveliness of imagination and a nervous sensibility, so deep anddelicate, should ever have found favour with a people of the extremenorth, a people, by nature, calm, tranquil and positive, born under acold sky, and accustomed to a„hard and laborious life. And yet thephenomenon, fantastical as it may appear, manifests itself constantly, andindeed invariably, among all northern peoples. In fact, since the worldhas been the world, Marionettes have always been as warmly welcomed inLondon, Amsterdam, Moscow and Berlin as in Rome, Florence and Milan.&amp; Marionettes in England date back to very ancient times, and are asdear to the common people as to the aristocracy, to diplomatists andmilitary as to artisans, women and children.&amp; It is certain that the first Marionettes to appear in the island wereItalians. This is clearly established by the name, which, in that remotecountry, the little wooden figures, formed and adapted for scenic dis- play, invariably bear, and also by ancient documents and writings re- lating to them.&amp; They are called " Pupazzl ". (2) Moreover, a letter from the PrivyCouncil addressed to the Lord Mayor of London on the 14th, of July, 1575,removes all possible doubt as to their original nationality, for It expresslyauthorises Italian Marionettes to settle In the City and to carry ontheir strange motions as in the past and from time immemorial ". &amp;It should be said in favour of these juggling nomads, that they scame to understand the ways, habits, Ideas and tastes of the public. From the early years of the seventeenth century these 44 MotionMen " carried their light theatres from parish to parish, and gavepresentations of Mystery, Morality and Miracle plays, alternating thesereligious scenes with songs and legends from national ballads, withdramas illustrating the adventures of King Bladud, the story of'RobinHood, of Marianna and of Little John, the battles of the Giants, and theapparition of the Genii and the Fates, the whole being enlivened atintervals by a display of 44 hobby horses (i)&amp; In this way, not only did they gain in a very short time a popularitythat was constantly increasing, but they acquired a position so vastand so honoured, in the literature of the country, that there is probablyno other State in the whole of Europe, in which it would be possibleas in England, to find reference to Marionettes in the works of all poets,of all dramatists, and of the most famous and most celebrated of ro- mance writers.&amp; From Chaucer to Byron, from Sir Philip Sidney to William Hazlltt,there is not a single author, who, in his writings, has not given someprecise and authentic information on the subject, or some extracts drawnfrom Marionette repertory.&amp; To mention only Shakespeare, fifteen, at least, of his dramas containpassages relating to them, and the most tragic characters In his immortalpoems, in the most solemn moments and most pathetic scenes, drawupon the Puppets theatre for comparisons, metaphors and examples.com®dy of " The Taming of the Shrew " one of the chiefcharacters, a gentleman, who, apparently, knew very well how to takecare of himself, is begging a friend to find for him some rich heiresswho might be willing to marry him, and Grumio, his servant, commentingon the ambiguous words of his master, [suggests to (an honest1 brokerthat he should " marry him to an aglet-baby, or an old trot with ne'era tooth in her head ", or even to 44 a puppet ", a figure worked with 'wires ; It matters not so that 44 money comes withal ".&lt;0 Again in the "Tempest" the wizard Prospero, drawing magic circles fn the air with his wand, invokes the evil spirits and sylphs and crieswith a loud voice Come mystic creatures, ambiguous beings, " demipuppets " that by moonshine do the green sour ringlets make, whereofthe ewe not bites. The most frequent Shakespeare references to Marionettesare to be found in " Antony and Cleopatra " (act 5, scene 2) '* Mid- summer Night's Dream " (act 3, scene 2) " Romeo and Juliet (act 3,scene 5) " Hamlet (act 3, scene 4) " King Lear " (act 3, scene 2) and" Twelfth Night " (act 4, scene 2).But that is not all. William Shakespere and some of his most illustriousand most acclaimed predecessors, wrote specially for Marionettes bothdramas and comedies, which, developed and perfected later on, passedinto the accepted repertory of the greater theatres.The comedy " Every man out of his humour " was originally composedby Ben Jonson for a small Marionette theatre in the City and evidenceis not wanting to show that the first representation of "Julius Caesar"by Shakespeare took place in a " Puppet Show " near to the Tower ofLondon. Robert Greene wrote for them his two celebrated mysteries,44 Man's wit " and '* The dialogue of Dives ".Swift devoted one of his best works to them, The Tale of a Tub ",illustrated by Hogarth with a beautiful drawing " Enthusiasm delineated ",wherein is seen a Jesuit preacher in a pulpit, working with both handsthe wires of two "Puppets the one representing God the Fatherand the other the Devil. On a projecting part of the pulpit there appearedsix other figures, Adam, Eve, St. Peter, St. Paul, Moses and Aaron.About the year 1562 the great revolution in European taste, whichwas called the renaissance, introduced into England new dramatic formsand led to the first attempts to establish stable and regular theatres.were the first to extend and enrich their collection ofplays with new profane comedies. Dekker wrote for them his sprightiiestli Drolleries ". Permanent theatres sprang up at Stourbridge Fair, atHolborn Bridge, and in Fleet Street, and a magnificent building waserected at Eltiiam, at that time a royal residence in the county of Kent.Jasper Mayne, in hfs comedy, " The City Match " recalls the mania ofLondon women for going to Brentsford to see the " Puppets " and inanother comedy Ben Jonson; in enumerating the great joys reserved for ladies of the Gentry, especially includes the possibility of going everyday to a Marionette theatre.In the year 1642, by an act, dated the 2nd. of September, all theatresin England were abolished, and this rigorous sentence was afterwardsconfirmed by an edict of the 22nd of October, 1647, but Marionettes wereexpressly excluded from this tremendous proscription. Just imagine thestate of things that then existed. The whole repertory of the greattheatres, prose, music, operas, oratorios, dramas, tragedies, and comediesfell into the hands of the 44 Puppet " showmen, who, from Italy andFrance, rushed madly to the banks of the Thames, to a country in whichall English writers of the day were devoting their talents and their pensto Marionette plays.&lt;£? Here is a list, very summary, and necessarily incomplete, of the titl.esof such of these plays as are found mentioned by leading writers inEngland at that time, beginning with the old 44 Miracle plays" the44 Morals ", 44 Pageants " and old legendary 44 Chronicles " :...44 Man's wit " by Robert Greene.44 The dialogue of Dives " by the same author.44 The prodigal son " by an anonymous author." The resurrection of our Saviour " a sacred drama, presentedat Witney in the county of Oxford by the clergy of the parish.44 Babylon " a moral play presented In Trinity College, Cambridge.44Jonah and the whale "." Sodom and Gomorrah44 The destruction of Jerusalem44 The city of Nineveh ".44 Rome and London44 The destruction of Norwich ".44 The massacre of Paris, with the death of the Duke of Guise"a drama by Christopher Marlow.44 Gunpowder plot " an historical drama.&amp; Ben Jonson refers particularly by name to two of the most celebratedpuppet showmen of his time, the first known as Captain Pod, and ingreat favour about the year 1599, the other as Cokely, who came Intonotice some few years later. JS? And It is precisely from the pages of Ben Jonson, that we get themost exact and most curious revelations relating to travelling puppetshowmen, and to the nature and form of their representations, and withregard also to the polemics concerning the license granted to them tokeep their theatres open In a time of tempestuous political and religiousstrife. .&amp; A strong supporter and defender of Marionettes was a certain LanthornLeatherhead, who was, himself, a puppet showman. It is thus that herecounts his sudden turns of fortune, his triumphs and his extraordinaryadventures." Ah, he said, I have made lots of money with " Jerusalem "," with " Sodom and Gomorrah " and with the " City of Norwich ", but"Gunpowder Plot ", that was a veritable gift of God. It was that that%" made the pennies rain into the coffers. I only charged eighteen or'4 twenty pence per head for admission, but I gave sometimes nine and" ten representations in a day. There is nothing better for drawing the ' public than incidents taken from domestic history; they interest" everyone, and all can understand them, and on that account they" are preferred before any other subject ".jg? Eighteen pence seems rather a large entrance fee, but it was probablyexceptional; it is, in fact, shown to have been so, for not long afterwardsthe same showman, standing in front of his theatre and appealing tothe people to come in, cried out to them in these words'&lt; Come forward, gentlemen, and take the best places.... two pence** each, two pence... to see the most beautiful Marionettes In the whole" world... the most elegant Marionettes in the Fair.., two pence, only*' two pence ". THE REIGN OF PUNCHINELLO. '"JThe memorable revolution that broke out In the year 1688, InauguratedIn England a new political era, and raised, at the same time, thevaliant William of Nassau, of the house of Orange, to royal dignity, andthe glorious Italian Punchinello to the throne of Marionettes in Albion.The Pretender came from across the sea, and trusted, for the triumphof his rights, to the cutting blade of his sword; the peaceful puppet, on the contrary, had for a long time fixed his abode, and acquired citizenship, in the country, where he had arrived after crossing the Channel\ •' - ,in company with the Stuarts.Up to that period he had always led a relatively quiet life, contentinghimself with acting his part among other puppet players in semi-profaneor semi-religious representations, and only, at long Intervals, riskinghimself in contest with that tyrant of contemporaneous Marionettes," Old Vice ", a national, horned and tailed, demon, who seldom retiredfrom one of those hand-to-hand encounters with the foreign puppetwithout having his horns broken.&amp; He had been called, at first, Punchinello, and later, simply "Punch",but, with this change of name, he did not, in any way, change either hisdress or his customs, but continued to be such as he had been from his( #beginning in Italy, a descendant of the Latin " Macco ". (i) Do you wantproof of this? You will find it in one of Addison's poems, the title ofwhich is " Machinae gesticulantes ", and its main argument, the gloriesof marionettes and puppets. This poem of Addison, who was then youngand signed himself " A fellow of Magdalen College ", was published inLondon, in a collection entitled *' Musarum anglicarum delectus alter".&amp; The victory of the Orangists and the exaltation of William the third,called Punchinello also to higher fortune. Punch became Mr. Punch andtook as his wife the beautiful Judy, set up house, had a son, and esta- blished a permanent theatre, constructed in accordance with the rules ofart, in which the seats, or places, were no longer of one category andat one price, but were distinguished according to different orders orclasses, each class having its own distinct tariff.&amp; The figures that, up to that time, had been simply dolls, becamestraightway "Marionettes", elegant puppets, modelled in wood,fashionedaccording to the dignity of human beings, ingeniously formed in all theirlimbs*... legs, feet, arms, hands, torso, and head,... and were providedwith the thinnest wires, by means of which they were made to executethe most complicated movements.Everything tended to increase the force of the wind that filled thesails of Punchinello. Queen Mary, the daughter of James the second, had quite an immoderate passion for Italian puppets, and frequently summon- ed them to the royal palace, to festivals and banquets, with which shecelebrated the victories of her husband,... and the fall and misfortunesof his father.With that unhappy example before his eyes, Mr. Punch began toconduct himself badly. He became dissolute, wicked and heretical. Hewas formerly merry and jovial, and was now sarcastic, bitter, gloomyand jealous. He remorselessly murdered his wife and his SQII, and, almostas though to do penance for his sins, he revived an old strife with thespirit of darkness and killed even the Devil himself.&amp; The amazing and almost incredible adventures of Mr. Punch and hismelancholy consort, led, little by little, to a drama, legendary, vast andextravagant; a kind of puppet epic poem, of which the original issuedates from the early years of the reign of the house of Orange, and thelast from the more recent days of English history.Mr. Payne-Collier, in the year 1828, reproduced the traditional scenesof that drama in a well-arranged work, which he published under thetitle of "The tragical comedy of Punch and Judy". It was a colossalundertaking, but he was able to complete it by freely availing himself%of records supplied to him by an old and illustrious Italian puppetshowman, a certain Piccini, who at the end of the previous century hadcarried his little theatre from Fair to Fair throughout all the provincesof the United Kingdom. xSomewhere about the year 1820, Piccini, now growing old, took uphis residence in London, where, for a long time, he continued to delightthe London nobility and citizens with his performances.Under the reign of Punchinello, that is to say from the year 1688down to our times, English Marionettes lived through a period of suchstriking success and glory, that never again can anything of the kind belooked for. &lt;i) The most renowned poets wrote dramas and comedies forthe new puppet shows, while the ablest critics devoted their chief pagesto puppet literature and to mechanical theatres.One of the writers, John Dennis, published in 1695 a dramatic review, full of information relating to a play that was presented at the Fair ofSt. Bartholomew, called "The Siege of NamurA play bill, detachedfrom the walls, and preserved In the British Museum, dating from theearly days of Queen Anne's reign, (1703) draws attention to a piece, thatwas put upon the stage " with great pomp of customes and decorations," called " the Universal Deluge " in five acts, with a scene showing the" entrance of Noah and his family into the ark, accompanied by all the" animals, two and two, a drama of the young Mr. PowellThe reception that this biblical play met with from the public was sowarm and enthusiastic, and its course so truly triumphant, that it wasnecessary to repeat it on fifty two consecutive night,.... but what am Isaying about fifty two nights ?... it would be better to affirm boldly fornearly two centuries, since in 1879, a hundred and seventy six years afterits first appearance on the boards at Smithfield, a company of puppets✓of the brothers Prandi, of Brescia, announced the fourth representation,by general request, at the National theatre of Florence.Of the rare ability and talent of Powell, the author of the "Deluge",ample testimony is borne by Joseph Addison and Richard Steele in theircelebrated reviews, the " Spectator" and the "Tatler". In the year 1711we find Powell installed with his wooden actors under the colonnadesof Covent Garden, opposite to the parish church of St. Paul, where heconducted a formidable and victorious competition, not only with thedaily sermons in the parish church, but even with the representationsof the Italian Opera at the Haymarket. Matters had, indeed, reached sucha point, (and the "Spectator" of the i4-i6th of March bore witness to it)that the showmen became bold enough to announce the commencementof their performance for the same hour, as the sermon, and even to availthemselves of the sound of the church bell as a summons to their enter- tainment.In number 277 of Addison's Journal another very curious faci isrecorded, and it is this: that English ladies of that time flocked wildlyto Powell's little theatre in order to see, every month, a female Marionette,who was constantly travelling between London and Paris to procurethe latest French fashions. These periodical appearances of Lady Jane,dressed in the newest and most approved styles, were always announced in the play bills beforehand. It was about that time that Swift wrotehis well known stanzas, called 44 The puppet show£7 Not long afterwards Fielding, still a young man, caused a represen- %tation of his " Author's farce, with a puppet show called the pleasures ofthe town " in three acts, prose and music, to be given at the Haymarket,and so arranged this play that it included a complete performance bypuppets.£7 Russell, the old buffoon, and the famous Charlotte Clarke and thecomic author, Colley Cibber all wrote dramas and farces for Marionettes,and erected sumptuous mechanical theatres at Tennis Court, In BrewerStreet, and at Southwark Fair, of which theatres and of what went onthere, Smollett in his 44 Roderick Random " remarked that there wasnothing " more in the fashion or more worthy to be offered by a gallantcicisbeo 44 to his lady love ".£7 It was at one of these theatres that Milton saw a representation of44 Paradise lost ", (i) and drew therefrom the argument of his immortalpoem. Again, it was in one of these improvised little shows that Shadwellgave the first performance of 44 The libertine destroyed which, accordingto Hone, suggested the idea of the jester of Seville, and provided Byronwith the subject of 44 Don Juan What is certain is that the author of44 Childe Harold " proclaimed the glories of Punchinello in one of hissonnets in such terms that they clearly reveal the remarkable likenessbetween Punch and the worthless Don Juan Tenorio. This sonnet isreferred to by Payne Collier in his book 44 Punch and Judy " and readssomething like this :...Triumphant Punch ! witli joy I follow theeThrough the glad progress of thy wanton course ;Where Life is painful with such truth and force,Its equal on our stage we never see,Whether thou kiil'st thy wife with jolly glee,Hurl'st thy sweet babe away without remorse,Mount'st and art quickly thrown from off thy horse,Or dance with 44 pretty Poll " so fair and free,Having first slain with just disdain her sire, Deaf to music of the sheep~bell lyre;Who loves not music, is not fit to live,Then when the hangman comes, who can refuseTo laugh, when thou his head into the nooseHast nimbly thrust, while he gets no reprieve ?Who feigns to grieveThou goest unpunished in the fiends despite,And slay'st him too, is but a hypocriteTis such delightTo see thee cudgel his black carcase antiqueFor every rapture I am almost frantic !In the nineteenth century English Marionettes boldly attacked theevils and dangers of literary and political satire, and became a sourceof powerful opposition to them. Punch assumed a thousand disguises,altered a thousand names, and caricatured Sheridan, Fox, Lord Nelson,Sig Francis Burdett, and many others, who, In virtue of their writings,had gained the attention of the country.A good example of political satire, on the subject of puppets, isfurnished by Swift in a burlesque, directed against a certain dangerousagitator named Richard Lighe, who pretended, in his way, to be able toproduce rain or fine weather on the electoral horizon of Dublin In favourof the Whigs, of whom he posed as a partisan. Against this same RichardLighe another master of satire, apostrophising him under the name ofTim, launched this stinging tirade, vvhicli serves, by the way, as admirabletestimony to the claims and position of Marionettes in England at thatperiod.Thoutninkest thyself, Tim, to be the scourge and scarecrow ofthe Tories. Thou art, on the contrary, their delight and their cuckoo.Per haps if tiiou wert to change thy habits and to become a seriousand sensible man, thou wouldest be to them a disappointment anddispleasure. But there is no fear of that. Thou hast a passion, and Iknow of it, oh Tim ; thou goest too often to the puppets. Thou artwe»l aw are of the uneasiness of spectators when Punchinello remainsIci.g absent from the scene; and also with the delight and merrimentthat are manifested when he shows the point of his nose on the front. The public would not give a dried fig to know what will be the judgment44 of Solomon, nor what the witch of Endor will say, nor what Faust44 will do in his conflict with Mephlstophiles. Let Punch but make his44 gallinaceous voice heard,,., oh, what joy, what impatience for his44 appearaace. Every minute seems to be a century.And then Punchinello comes in and seats himself unceremoniouslyon the knees of the Queen of Sheba. The Duke of Lorraine makes a44 fine show of drawing his sword from its scabbard. Punch laughs,44 shouts, gets away, gesticulates and pours out upon everyone a deluge44 of insolences, even including St. George on horseback on the dragon.44 They beat him, they trample upon him, but he remains stolid and44 becomes more unconcerned and more impertinent than ever. God alone44 knows what he may do next, or the wherefore of his many knaveries.44 There is not a single puppet of honest wood, who would not rejoice44 to see him hanged, provided that he might be the hangman. AH strive44 to irritate and annoy him, and he is a trouble to everyone.&amp; 44 And there are, Tim, philosophers, preaching that the world is a44 great castle of puppets, where the greatest unbreeched ruffians often44 assume and play the part of Punchinello. Here in Dublin, in this44 Marionette theatre, which they call a city, thou, dear Tim, art44 Punchinello. Thou sowest dissension and discord everywhere, thou44 strivest to do evil, and thou seekest to drive thy sister Marionettes44 out of doors. Thou turnest and turnest in a vicious circle, and pourest44 contempt upon people who would work seriously. Thou art the pest4&gt; of thy party, dear Tim, and all despise thee, dear, and hate thee,... butto thee it matters nothing, It helps to amuse the spectators and make44 them laugh ".&amp; One of the ablest in composing these political parodies and In handlingsatirical puppets on the stage was the illustrious John Curran, whoat Newmarket, his native place, young as he was at that time and astudent, acquired such a passion for Marionettes, that he ended byjoining the company of a much applauded Punchinello, and, later on, bysetting up-a small theatre on his own account. The facility, with whichhe was able to Improvise dialogues, led him to think that he was a bornorator ; he believed that his vocation was that of an advocate ; be became a member of the English court of justice, gained easily the first positionat the London Bar, was elected shortly afterwards a member of Parliamentin Ireland, entered the House of Commons and, finally, in the year xBo6under the administration of Fox and Sheridan, was appointed Chancellorin Ireland, and took his place in the Privy Council.&amp; Ah, dear me, art, now=a-days, is declining, and I very much doubtwhether any of our political puppet showmen have talent enough to gain7 &gt;a ministerial portfolio by the way of Marionettes. And yet examples arenot wanting, neither is there any deficiency of teaching. Even Marionetteshave discovered their Aristotle and are able to refer with pride to their" Arte poetica ". William Haziitt, an able writer, and universally knownand acknowledged critic, has applied some of the most eloquent passagesin his " Lectures on the English Writers " (London 1817) to Marionettepoetry, and has admirably explained the reasons for what he describesas its " great, irrestible and universal attraction. (1) P. Ferrigni.(2) It is interesting to note the debt which, in the pnppet theatre as in the theatre of flesh and blood actors,England owes to Italy. See " The Mask Vol: 3- page 8 (1) An article on the Italian " Puicinella'» appeared in the " The Mask " July 1910. (1) I! Signor 41 Yorick " were alive today to see the re-awakening interest in and respect for, the Marionette,ho would, perhaps, take a less pessimistic view. (I) Probably an adaptation of the piece by Giambattista Andreini. PUPPETS IN JAPPAN. Some Notes by a Japanese. ondon has recently been interested in a Chineseplay. The Yellow Jacket, in which the leadingactor takes the part of the property man, placesmountains on the stage for lovers to climb over,removes dead men in a trice, follows the actorsand relieves them of their properties, and through- out the play assumes an air of unconcern andindifference as though he were not part and parcel of the performance and had no interest in the character.&amp; But this English property man is quite contrary to ideas held regar«ding him in China or Japan, tie has been the central figure of the playand has quite eclipsed the real actors who interpreted the story. Thus hehas produced an effect which is quite opposite to that intended on thestages of the East.•sJust at present Tokyo is being visited by a whole company of Osakaproperty men, any one of whom would make the leading actor in theLondon production of the Yellow Jacket decidedly envious, because theyVare genuine and belong to a profession which has been handed downfrom father to son ; moreover they come of a race that can be thoroughlyand sincerely impersonal. These property men, or 'korombo,' from theChikamatsu=za, the doll theatre of Osaka, cause the puppets to play theroles in Chikamatsu's famous pieces at the Yuraku-za. Their art is unique,and while they pull the strings which make the dolls move and act likecreatures of real life they are able to completely efface themselves sothat their faces are masks. No interest in the movements of the dolls iswritten there, no hint of self, so that the puppets become so absorbinglyinteresting the audience is lost in the story they tell. The majority ofthe'korombo' wear black masks, but those who are able to obliterate all0 Wtraces of personality do not need a covering and their achievement iscertainly worthy of the greatest admiration.As for the dolls themselves, they act various roles, they assume theheroics of warriors, delineate the character of priest or princess, andmay be old people or infants, youthful lovers or retainers who express over and over again the motives of bravery, loyalty and filial piety.What if a well or a gate or a pine tree is carried off bodily by the pro=perty man ; the creaking of the doll's joints be heard, or a particularlyactive hero jumps about in such a boisterous manner that he appears tobe suspended in mid-air rather than to have his feet on the stage, allthe illusions may be amusing and primitive to a critical mind, but evena doubting Thomas is soon carried away by the powerful suggestivenessof the acting. The dramatic stories move swiftly to the denouement andthe action is certainly not inclined to lag.&amp; The puppets have slanting eyes which a real actor would envy, andeyebrows that may be elevated to express surprise or a dozen otheremotions, while the hands are many-jointed and so supple that the ge=stures are full of expression. A begging priest dances ; a wounded manis given a stimulant from another doli s medicine case, mains draw waterat the well, old ladies water flowers and young ones play the koto, lite- rary men write poems, and the dolls enter into a hundred small detailsof daily life which gives a wonderful variety to the performances.&amp; Without the joruri music the wordless puppets would fail to carrythe meaning, and it is the singer on his red rostrum sitting behind hisornate black and gold lacquer book=stand who teils the sto»y. In spiteof all his splutterings and gurglings, shoutings and explosions whichcertainly seem strange to a foreign ear, he is a wonderful personage, heis able to impersonate the gentle voice of a woman, the gruff grow lingsof a warrior, the language of lords and vassals and servants ; he expressesgrief when the hero commits harakiri, scorn for an enemy, affectionfor a maid, his voice carries the suggestion of impending doom, of clashof arms, and evil intent, as well as of happiness and triumph. Theaccompanist sitting beside him with his ivory plectrum twanging histhree-stringed instrument gives the proper emphasis or produces thosenoisy strummings which causes a puppet character to posture and pose ina lively dance. A custom that has long been handed down in the 'nyngyoshibai' is the introduction to the audience of the musical portion of the•performance. The gold screen at the back of the musician's rostrum issuddenly swung inward and outward come the two men who foim theinterpreters of the scene to be acted. A property man in his black kimono and mask comes forward before the curtain and announces the namesof the two men after which these two personages bow to the audience.Then a voice in another part of the theatre calls out their names in along high peculiar drawl and the gidayu singer lifts his book up to bisforehead as a salute to the audience, and he mops his face, clears histbroat and drinks some tea before beginning to sing, while the samisenplayer gives an occasional subdued whoop and now and then a stray note.The cleverness both of the singer who relates the narrative with allits phases of emotion and the property man who gives the appropriategestures make them artists in their own way, possessed of the greatestversatility, and there is no doubt that they could shine on the real stageif they were given an opportunity to go beyond the doll theatre specialitywhich they have selected. These men are able to so vanquish the commondesire of actors, In whatever part of the world they are to be found, toallow their own personality to dominate and to project themselves intothe character they assume, that they can make it possible for the audienceto enjoy their art which is concentrated in the dolls and at the sametime be perfectly oblivious of the men behind.The first play which Is given Is Hideyoshi Jinya, the Camp of liideyoshi,and it has a rather complicated plot which is concerned with the rivalriesbetween Nobunaga, Mistuhide and Hideyoshi. It is full of haraklri, partingsof lovers and stern soldiers who do not betray any of the softer emotions.Hideyoshi in armour on horseback makes a very triumphant figure, awhole company of korombo surrounding the horse and its rider, andwhen the animal begins to rear and caper to the strains of the samisenthe property men act in such perfect unison that it is recognised thattheir art is indeed a wonderful one. Again, a dying warrior on the topof a stone moat wall makes a striking picture with back masked figuresclustered as a background and the young lady of the piece is gracefuland winsome, every movement full of modesty and gentleness. The secondpiece, Tsubosaka, tells the old story of the blind man who became jealousof his wife because of her frequent absences from home. But she confessesthat she goes to the temple to pray to Kwannon for the recovery of hissight. They journey together and the blind man remains at his devotionswhile O Sato goes home. In her absence discouragement gets the better of the husband and he throws himself over a cliff. O Sato discovershim and hurls herself after him. Then Kwannon, the goddess of Mercyappears and restores them because of their piety and belief, the blindman's eyes are opened and he sees his wife for the first time. Theopening scene of Tsubosaka shows O Sato sewing a kimono and all thedetails are faithfully reproduced while the blind husband plays on thesamisen, and shows that the dolls can undertake the most minute anddelicate gestures as well as the most boisterous and active. Kaniijithe third play is a shinju piece and was acted sometime ago at theTeikoku~za.It is the story of the faithful wife who gave up her money and herkimono that her husband might buy Koharu from the gay quarters andshe and her child enter a nunnery to make him free. But Koharu andher lover are so overcome at the generous sacrifice of the wife thatthey die together. Imoseyama, the last piece, is also one of Chikamatsu'swell known plays which has for theme the love of a common girl and aprincess for a youth of high degree. This piece has an orchestra of fivegidayu singers and as many samisen performers which makes an imposingarray.&amp; The ancient art of the puppet has been wonderfully developed andpreserved in this country, and perhaps in no other part of the world canthe dolls be seen to such advantage. The nyngyo shibai is said to haveoriginated In Kyoto in 1603. The puppet show was an ancient Institutionbefore It appeared in Japan, and every European country has had its dollshows, but In all of them the art has degenerated. Punch and Judy arethe last of their proud race in England.The doll theatre has greatly Influenced the theatre of Japan andmuch of the acting to be seen on the old stage at present shows theconventional style of the puppets. Although the nyngyo shibai waspopular in all the cities of Japan for two hundred years, at present thedoll theatre can only be seen in Osaka. Chikamatsu who is called theShakespeare of Japan, wrote his famous plays for the puppets and thesedramas are faithfully reserved in Osaka to=day. A company from theChikamatsu-za of Osaka is now performing at the Yuraku=za and theperformances are well worth a visit. PLAINSONG: A Note by "Cantor" do not think any reproach is more deserved thanthat I must begin with.&amp; How could you, Artists, after creating andfaithfully guarding right down through the agesthe most delicate of beautiful things... how couldyou leave it for the last two hundred and fiftyyears to the care of paterfamilias ? You shouldnever do this. It is not his place, good easy man. He knows it, and is willing to follow you. But always, should you liedown by the wayside, (and it is tiring work) does he fall an easy victimto the first who meets him with obvious aad glib advice. What else canhe do, being naturally ignorant of art-matters ?It is so long ago that you have forgotten all about It. I will tell you.&amp; Plainsong is the oldest music in the world. It is the basis of all ec- clesiastical song. You will not hear it spoken of at the Royal College orAcademy or Guildhall School of Music. The College of Organists couldnot tell you even the meaning of the word. The bench of Bishops Isurbanely deaf to the voice of the Church's Song crying in the wilderness.The great spiritual nurseries of Oxford and Cambridge reject it utterly.The Cathedrals have forgotten its existence. Born at the Altar, the Altarto-day knows it not.&amp; John Marbecke, in the middle of the 16th Century, was the last tocompose It.The essential parts of our English Church Liturgy (such as the Psalms,Kyrie, Creed, Sanctus, Agnus Del, Gloria,) should always be chanted toit, the only possible alternative being the music directly inspired by it,such as that of Tallls, Byrd, and Gibbons, (i)&amp; Artists! the priceless things enshrined in the Church are crying outfor the need of you. The dull complacent standards of the well-fed bu- siness man, and the sour hatred of the puritan.... but principally theformer... have laid a crushing load on the Church.You alone can free it.&amp; Artists ! come back to us! We cannot do without you. We want the "New gladness and roughness" that you alone can give us. We aretired.We want you not only for the sake of our Song, but for our wholestately and beautiful ceremony.... our buildings, ornaments, vestments.There are those in the Church to-day...i no sacred fire ever quitegoes 0ut.... who have the feeling for these things in their blood ; butthey are few, and not in high places. If you would come back and help,it could be done.Artists! there is nothing you need fear in the Church. 1 know exactlywhat you cannot stand. It is the smug respectability of the averagecongregation. And you are right. But that is not the Church, any morethan the stalls and pit are the Theatre.The Peregrine Tone to Magnificat with Faux Bourdon by WilliamByrd, The Sarum Litany chanted in procession, the Third Mode Melodyof Thomas Tallis. (i) The Easter Sequence of the Three Marys, The DivineSacrifice at the Altar with its ancient Mass chant, the Old Hundredthset by Dowland with the people's part In the Tenor, the sturdy folk=songof the Cherry-Tree Carol... these are the Church.&amp; You did not know.... did you ?&amp; Are they not worth a fight ?In their place to-day nearly everywhere we have Stainer's 44 Crucifi- xion", Dykes' 44 Lead Kindly Light", Barnby's Service in E, Tours'dittoin F, Stainer's dittos in every conceivable key, Novello's CathedralPsalter, and the Ancient and Modern Hymn-book (and in ninety ninecases out of a hundred the 1875 edition at that).&amp; Of course these things make one spew. But why did you ever let thembe? Yours Is the responsibility. You are the guardians of all great andPholy things. You really shape the world. In its dull bovine way it allowsyou to lead it.£/ Being human you become apathetic.&amp; Having in you that Divine spark which only can light the w0r1d....and without which you would cease to be artists... you must never tirewhen it is a question of saving a&lt; beautiful and noble thing.Come back to us, Artists! (1) I would not reject any music of today on the right lines, but 1 know of hardly any. (I) English Hymnal. LITTLE STAGES. A Word by Allen Carric. |Dy little stageswe reach ourdestination. Aneasy and a plea- sant way. Butwhere are thelitle stages ofEngland ?The LittleTheatre in theAdelphi is reallya large theatreon a small scale,and besides, isa Public affair.&amp; We could in- vent somethingsmaller and sim=pier,.... less ex- pensive and far more natural. A Room with a stage at one end. The smallest wouldnot have to be less than thirty feet long and from twelve to fifteenfeet wide. And at the end a small stage.The scene for such a stage would then be a simple matter and Insteadof a great cost would be possible for a few pounds.&amp; Here we have just such a scene. This stage is not ten feet wide andis about five or six feet deep. But look at the design and see how wellthe space has been used. It does not look at all crammed.But how many little stages of this kind are to be found ? And whatis done with them when found? A young lady will fill it up with muchemotional or mock-emotional gesture and whinlngs ; and she will thentrain another young lady to do it with her, both feeding meanwhileupon much bread and butter: and an occasional man will be dragged into speak the gruff parts. But except for such young ladies who is it that has a little stage and uses It? Yet by little stages we reach our desti- nation, you lovely lazy English people. ■&lt;&amp; Here is another example of a scene for a little stage, the width aboutten feet; three walls and a few properties. You'll be sure to take anote of this as of all the other practical suggestions in " The Mask ".*But we wish that you would take a note of the most practical andimportant thing we have ever suggested, which is TO TAKE TIME ANDTO BE THOROUGH, and not to join the noble army of amateurs when bya little care you can make a little stage as valuable and as distinguisheda part of your house as is the Library or the Dining Room,&amp; One takes it that you know how Books should be bound, kept andlooked at, and how a Dining Room and its Table should be laid, filledand dressed by guests of intelligence and taste. Well, the same talentwhich understands how to do these matters of daily life can be appliedto this third matter of a little house Theatre. HAIL! DIVINE ARROGANCE by E. Gordon. TPhere has been of late years a revival of Arts and Crafts In Europe andAmerica. We have ail heard about the Revival,... but where are theArts and where the Crafts ?Higgledy-piggledy... anywhere... ingloriously mixed and twisted intoa cursed confusion, a hindrance and a reproach to those who joinedtogether to Revive the Arts and the Crafts and so to Revive the earth,and so to Revive man.&amp; Why has this been so ?£? How is it that man is not a scrap Revived by this 44 Revival " ?£? The Frontispiece to Dr Coomaraswamy's new book (i) contains theanswer.£&gt; It is a Head of Krishna.44 Have you left us, O Krishna, because we took you for44 a common play-fellow and did not pay you the tribute of44 worship that you deserved at our hands ?44 How often, when playing, we quarrelled and abused44 you.44 Did you take these things to heart, and desert us, though44 we were so deeply devoted to you ?4« We often beat you, or carried you on our shoulders, and44 rode on yours. Often we ate first, and gave you the remnants,44 calling you by all familiar names.44 Have you, for all these, forsaken us, oh beloved44 Krishna ? " (2).u£&gt; This is the chorus of the shepherd boys in an old drama of India.Krishna was the God-Man: a shepherd boy, he is also the earth andthe sky, He is the Ideal.Thus we are answered by this beautiful Head of the 1dea1:.... It saysnothing, but the boys have spoken for him ...it has called forth theirsecret thoughts and fears.£/ It Is not wise to quarrel with the 1dea1,... with God ; nor to take theGodhead for a common play-fellow, nor to grab at food before we have first offered sustenance to the Godhead, nor to lower it by the familiarityof 44 Hullo, old chap!This is wickedness, for it Is folly incarnate.We in Europe and in America have taken our Krishna out in motorcars for joy-rides,... while attempting the 44 Revival " of the Arts and ofthe Crafts.&amp; Can crazyness go further ?... or dream a lower dream ?We put on our Arts and wear out our Crafts.Then we put them off, and go out and air our perfect Disbelief ineverything Ideal: our utter distrust of the God Krishna, or whateverother name we thrust upon the only God.And as we, the leaders, do this; we, the artists, as a race... becauseour 44 great artists " as a rule and 44 our great personalities ", and our otherleaders are forgetful of God and our obedience to his Laws, and becausewe in our weakness have been hail-fellow-well-met with the mob... sothe mob, growing fatter and sillier year by year has bred an Impertinenceso gross and so despicable that it dares to give an opinion which iscalled Public Opinion.£&gt; A fig for such Public Opinion that causes States and Religions tototter and to fall as they are falling now.Hail once more to that old Arrogance so grandly depicted on Krishna'sface, so gloriously reflected on the faces of all great men* and so furiouslyhated by the m0b,... the mob of the loggias at the Covent Garden Opera,the mob of the House of Commons, the mob of the drawing rooms andof Trafalgar Square.&amp; Hail once more to that Divine Arrogance which knew that the Obe- dience of the many to the judgements of the one meant happiness to themass of men. Hail to the strong Divine Men adored by the lowlv andonly detested by that mixed mass of 44 Lords" and 44 Ladles", 44 Artists"and 44 others " known as the Mob and Public Opinion....&amp; The whole of India's Arts and Crafts testify to the sanity and thebeauty that exhales from the soul of the strong and arrogant Ruler.bronze, every little box of wood, every little shawl of wool and everylittle stone jar proves the happiness of the old Indian Races ; proves that their love for loveliness and sanity sprang from their love of obedienceto their arrogant Rulers,... and the love of those Rulers for the arrogantand sole Rule of Krishna,... the Ideal.&amp; All arguments and queries are In vain. There is no Doubt. Argumentsand queries are the weak inventions of weak and selfish fools.London, Berlin, Paris and New York are Infested by this rabble ofweak and selfish fools who argue and question from morn till night asto what is wrong with the world.Nothing is wrong with it. Everything is wrong with them,.... untillike dogs they come to heel.Coming to heel they become something: baying at the moon they competeonly with the midnight prowlers on the tiles,., and are nothing but a Noise.Still as I write up goes the H0w1...." What is wrong with the world ?" What is wrong with the world ?" What is wrong with the world ?...&amp; YOU are:... you who put the question: nothing else Is wrong with it.&amp; Obey the Ideal, have better manners... take your hands out of yourpockets... try to talk your own language correctly... try to walk downyour street like a man rather than lurch down it like a monkey, andthen you will have taken the first and baby step towards understandingthat you may not be one of those whose opinion, just because it is acommon one, is worth being made and called " public. "And when you have trained yourself in manners and have learned towonder even a little at the earth and sky,... then Krishna and his ar- rogant face will be seen by you:... on that day remember how less thannothing you are and how Inscrutable, indomitable and unforgiving He is.&amp;On the day you realise this the Arts and the Crafts will revive; Statesand Religions will arise all fresh once more, and Mankind will again beHappy. To be happy we must respect that which Is incomprehensibleto each of us... and obey him to whom least things are incomprehensible*The Divine Mother of the Universe has many arms, but with her twotenderest and strongest she shields her divine son In whose heart shepoured the Ideal Fire of her Essence.*Let us obey him. (lj The Arts &amp; Crafts of India by Dr Ananda K. Coomaraswamy. T. N. Foulis.(2) Bengali Language &amp; Literature. Pg. 729. THE FIT AND THE UNFIT: A Note on Training by Gordon Craig. n one of the best books ever written by a school=master upon the art of teaching, he says." There is a possible bad side, a very real peril,in all this increase of learning, multiplication ofsubjects, systematization of methods, cataclysm ofschoolbooks,... ail the machinary which has beenbrought into play to aid us in our wild desire to know, and to reduce the art of teaching to an exact science. I hope youwill agree with me that the object of education Is not to know, but tolive. True it is that Browning's " Grammarian " is held up for admiration,because he " determined not to live, but know, but then he existedin the dawn of the revival of learning, and was an exceptional case, anintellectual pioneer; accordingly, if you remember, he suffered frombaldness, tussis, calculus, and died, first from the waist down, and thenaltogether, at a comparatively early period of his career. My contentionthen is that we are in danger of trusting too much to books and systems,too little to the living influence of mind on mind ; too much to rapidityof learning, too little to development of power; that we are in dangerof organizing the soul out of education, of making it mechanical andtherefore barren •, of a tendency to look to the accumulation of facts asan adequate result, though they may lie like lead in the brain that bearsthem ; in a word, of confounding the mere capacity for housing mentalgoods with the growth of the vital powers conferred by education. "This was written by James Rhoades in his address which he deliveredbefore a body consisting exclusively of public school masters. It wasprinted in 1908 by John Lane, with the title, *' The Training of theImagination. "&amp; In the School for the Art of the Theatre we study hardly at all frombooks, and trust not at all to systems.&amp; What is our method ? We practise right away.It is a method which appeals not at all to incompetent men, andwhich instantly finds out for us which are practical and which unpracticalworkers. It also discovers for us the nature of the man. Whether the class ot the moment be one for scene modelling....voice... pattern... carving... dancing... we start right away at the practise.&lt;£? We model... speak... design... carve... or dance, taking the simplestexample of each subject.&amp; In speaking we avoid Hamlet's,... "To be or not to be. " We reada paragraph from a newspaper... or a prose passage from a book on theTheatre which speaks of some interesting development in the Art of theStage.The pupil speaks or drawls.., he seems hopeless. What follows?We make a great discovery by what follows. For he will either seehe is hopeless and tell himself that we are no magicians if we cannotteach him how to speak in three lessons; or, if he is clever... If hischaracter is of any worth... he will realize that we cannot teach him tospeak... that for the doing of anything a right state of mind is the firstrequisite ; and that he can come to that right state of mind only afterlabouring very honestly and actively and humbly at each branch of study.&amp; As with speaking lessons, so it is with the modelling.&amp; We start out to make models.JZ? After a few directions written down a student has to measure outand cut out a portion of a scene in cardboard.He does it well or badly,., generally badly.Then comes the discovery. If he complains of his tools or of the wayhe is taught, he proves himself at once an impossible student. If hesticks to his simple task until he has mastered it, he proves that wecan rely on him in future. That he is worth taking trouble with,... worthall our patience.And each class resembles each other class in this respect. At the endof a fortnight we discover which man has the right spirit and which not.Those who have It not can go; they are useless to themselves, to us,and to the work.Those who stay have still further tests... simple tests. At the end ofsix months' cutting cardboards and reading prose aloud, a student whohas stuck to it for so long sometimes thinks he has done a great feat...that he has stood a great test of endurance; and I have had studentswho believed that, after being employed for six months In simple tasks of this kind, they should be promoted... they have even said to me thatthis kind of study might suit boys between tbe ages of nine and twelveThey fail to see that one boy of nine or twelve might be superior toa young man of twenty-four, and another more helpless than a childof five.$ 1 *&amp; The men who apply to me for admittance to my workrooms are manyI take about five per cent of them ; and if one In every two hundredturns out at all creditably I am astonished.When applying they write to me with " enthusiasm, " and I showyou a little lower down two letters such as I receive.&amp; They represent faithfully the kind of letters, or the applicationsI receive by word of mouth, from all those who come to me.&amp; They expect to learn Magic In a few months. I tell them they hadbetter not attempt it... that the task is too heavy... that their character.,patience... endurance... and vanity will be tested. Still, they feel thatthey are great souls and can overcome all difficulties.These are the letters:.... 1. Sir,&amp; " I write from (one of the Universities) to ask if you will advise" me a little about my fnture plans. I am In thorough agreement with" everything you have written on " the Art of the Theatre ", and antanxious to learn more about it under your guidance. As I was thinkingof studying Art for a year or two on the Continent after leaving the" 'Varsity, I wonder if you would consider me qualified for admission" as a PUP" t0 your School In Florence. If so I should decide at once"on 2°ing to italy instead of France to begin with. I hardly know yetwhat my capacities may be as an artist, though I believe I have a gooddeal of originality, but at any rate you will find that I am an enthusiastic" 'earner, and not afraid of hard work. Will you please let me know whatyou think, and if there Is a chance for me... etc. etc. " 2. Sir,&amp; For years I have been a humble and admiring student of yourideas, and am longing to be able to see them realized, and in some " way to give expression to my enthusiasm. Now that your School is" started it gives me an excuse for venturing to write and tell you how" eager I am to take the smallest part in your noble work... if it be" only to lay one unnoticed stone in the edifice of your theatre of the" future. Will you let me have an opportunity of proving to you the" sincerity and earnestness of this desire, by taking me as a student in" any branch of the School which is under your direct supervision ? I could" come to Florence at once, and am waiting impatiently.., etc. etc. "They then join the School.After a month's arguing with everyone... after a month's grumblingat every condition and at all the difficulties.... they probably write meas follows...Mr. Craig," I am not clever. You give me things to do which would suit boys of" ten and twelve, but which are beneath my powers. You will perhaps¥ N" excuse me for saying that I think you are conducting your School" wrongly. "jg? And so forth and so forth.I return them their cheques, and let them go.jgf But those they leave behind them continue to work on steadily andwith increasing application, studying and respecting the Theatre of thePast, not blind to the good qualities of the Theatre of Today, but withhopes set upon a New Theatre which they feel must be in the Futureif only they have sufficient Faith and Fidelity to make a reality. ON LEARNING MAGIC. A Dialogue many times repeated, and here recorded by Yoo-no-hoo. ug&gt; Pupil. £7 I want to join your School and to study the Art of theTheatre.£7 Master. £&gt; Let me do my best to point out to you the hardshipsconnected with the study of the Art.You have to give up every other study and think only of this one.You have to serve one year's apprenticeship at leastYou have to begin from the beginning.You have to come to me knowing nothing, and, what is more, realizingthat you know nothing.You have to be prepared to work ten to fifteen years at the Art.You have to feel discontented with yourself and not with me.You have to realize that before you can create a Drama you must beable to speak so as to be heard... walk across a room or a stage withease... have studied the movements of marionettes for many years... lovenature better than your own self... know the whole history of the Dramafrom its earliest days... absorb all theories... be able to do humblestservices... and be an honest man.£7 Pupil. £7 Oh, I can do all this easily. 1 love the Idea so much, and/you are such a wonderful man.&amp; Master. That has nothing to do with it, and all depends upon you..... Do you know what is a stage rostrum ?£ Pupil. £7 I suppose it is a raised pulpit of some kind.£7 Master. £7 It is a raised stage of wood, composed of a 'collapsibleframework and a moveable top.(The Master here draws a plan of this.)£7 It is used in modern theatres to build up the scene with.£7 Thus at the far end of a flight of steps we shall place a rostrum sothat it may act as a landing place. Do you understand ?ft£7 Pupil. £7 Oh, yes, of course.Master. £7 I am glad you find that easy to grasp. In 44 Julius Caesar " atHis Majesty's Theatre, or in 44 Faust" at the Lyceum, or in 44 Tannhauser "at Bayreuth many such rostrums were used.£&gt; Pupil. £7 But why do you tell me all this ? Master. DO you know what is a stage brace ?j0 Pupil. No, but what has that to do with the Art of the Theatreas hinted at in your book ?&amp; Master. &amp; A stage brace is a wooden support, adjustable to anyreasonable height and used in the modern Theatre to prop up pieces ofstage scenery which are neither hung nor self-supporting.(He draws a plan of the stage brace.)Do you know what " Properties " are ?Pupil. But I want to study Art with you... not tricks.Master. A great poet has told us that all Art is a trick, thereforedo not despise tricks.You say you want to study Art,... and you begin by despising thehumblest parts of the Art.Pupil. &amp; But Rostrums and Braces and Properties are things whichchildren of ten to twelve years old might learn about and profit byknowing.Master. £&gt; Whereas you are a superior person and wish to learnthe Art ?&amp; Let me tell you that you will never learn the Art until you aremodest enough to desire to learn all about the humblest parts of thestructure of theatres.... scenery.... costume and acting, and to learn itthoroughly.Do you really suppose that the carrying of a Banner is an easy mat- ter ? Do you really believe that you are so gifted a person that youcan afford to skip the experience of saying, ** My lord, the carriagewaits ! "£/ Pupil. But, Master, I thought you hated all that nonsense. 1thought you detested Bayreuth, the Lyceum, and His Majesty's. 1 thoughtyou wrote and fought against the old-fashioned stage for years.... thatyou planned out a new stage which you believed In, and which was tobe the Stage of the Future.Master. You see how far wrong you are in your reading of mythoughts. 1 have planned out a new stage,... certainly; but not becauseI despised or hated the old stage.... because I love it, and lived in itmany years. And though I may wish to create a new stage, I know the old one ;and to know Is to love, even If one does not agree with It;I worked In the old theatre for more than ten years before I beganto construct the new.You wish to begin where I left off.Such vanity, such shifting of responsibilities, is no use to you.You say you want to come to my School.I tell you you had better keep away unless you realize sternly thatyou have first no right to despise the old stage, and secondly no chanceof practising the new Art until you have paid the very humblest tributeto the old institution, by studying all those things which at present youdare to despise.You come here expecting me to tear up the old Theatre before youreyes... You expected to find an accomplice and you are surprised to finda master.£? When you read in my book that I was all on the side of the youngmen and against the managers you thought that you would plot withme to blow them to the moon.uS? But on coming here you hear me speaking well of the managers andadvocating a thorough study of their methods.That makes you mad..£? And you will never be able to understand my reasons for beingbalanced.I quarrelled with the managers and the conditions of the stage onlyafter having studied the theatre for over twelve years,... but I quarrelledopenly. So I have no wish to be a conspirator.jg? A conspirator is a sneak,ug? This school is not to produce sneaks.Here with me you learn first to love the old Theatre. 1 hand on toyou what my old master taught me, and 1 tell you where I think hemay have erred... but I do not want your understanding to becomethick and muddy by drunkenly jeering at his errors. The 44 errors " werefar better than all your 44 virtues ". And you will only advance and dowell if you are honest, modest, and open°minded.■£? Pupil. I think I have changed my opinion.... and I do not wish to come to your School; for 1 am not a baby and will learn to be honestand modest somewhere else. (He goes out, and the Master proceedswith his work). THE APOSTATES. A Word by Nietzsche. "Thus spake Zarathustra". Translation by Thomas Common. h ! Ever are there but few of those whose heart hath persistent courageand exuberance; and for such remaineth also the spirit patient. Therest, however, are cowardly.The rest: these are always the great majority, the commonplace, thefar-too-many... those all are cowardly!....Him who Is of my type, will also the of my type meet onthe way: so that his first companions must be corpses and buffoons.&amp; His second companions, however... they will call themselves his be- lievers.... will be a living host, with much love, much folly, much un- bearded veneration.TO those believers shall he who Is of my type among men not bindhis heart; in those spring-times and variegated meadows shall he notbelieve, who knoweth the flckly faint-hearted human species I&amp; Could they do otherwise, then would they also will otherwise. Thehalf-and-half spoil every whole. That leaves become withered*... what Isthere to lament about that! Let them go and fall away, O Zarathustra,and do not lament! Better even blow with rustling winds amongt them,.......Blow amongst those leaves, O Zarathustra, that everything witheredmay run away from thee the faster!... KINGSHIP Some Thoughts concerning Hanako the Actress: Japan: India: Friendship and the King by Gordon Craig. "INDIA'S DARKEST AGE:" Preparing for those Sacrifices to Siva, the Destroyer, which are preventedby the coming of Conquest, holding aloft the Cross-hilted Sword of Christendom. A drawing fromthe illustration by R. Caton Woodville in the Illustrated London News, November 1. 1913. 'T'here Is a little Japanese actress called Hanako.JZ/ Hanako Is a clever woman. If she were a man one would speakof her performances as " devilish clever".Hanako is a remarkable actress... and Hanako is not an artist at all.The actress Hanako should be put down by Law. Hanako the womanis doubtless valuable.No amount of brains ever made an artist... no amount of skill makesone either. Some artists are skilful and some are entirely without skill.Art is not a matter of skill, although the skilful artist is a Godsend.£? Skill astonishes. Art does not do that. A man can astound us whoseflow of language cascades from point to point with a rapidity too greatfor us to follow, but he may not be speaking truth ; whereas the fewwords of a man of truth may easily be uttered, unheeded by us, athousand times in a year.This is such an obvious fact that we have accepted it long ago... yetin the Theatre we forget it.I have seen an audience, half Italian and half English, go into rapturesover Hanako and her exhibition of suicide in all its realistic details.The beastly preparation for death... the horrible sticking of the knifein the throat... the mouth first filled with torn=up paper... and theloathsome gush of scarlet blood half covering the white chemise... sawher take her " call " at the end, and, while many applauded, I noticedone man with his hands raised and laid back on each side of him, makinga significant gesture to the performer which seemed to ask..*., " Well!and what then have you done ? Is that what you truly believe to begood for us... for yourself... for the Theatre ? " I think he was a memberof the European Theatre. He knew how great an evil poor Hanako wasunconsciously perpetrating.And as acting... as a skilful piece of work... was it good ?Yes, as melodramatic realism it was good. She easily beat MadameSarah Bernhardt on her own ground. Sardou would have revelled in her as a tool, had Hanako been a Frenchwoman. But because she is to becompared with Sarah Bernhardt and because Sardou would have usedher is the very worst of arguments in her favour.Some day we shall realise these things in Europe. Legislation willmove to control the questions of circus and people, and without anytraces of the *' embarassment " shown in the Code of Theodosius. ForLegislators will take counsel with artists of rigorous conscience and notwith priests of may-be narrow minds.&amp; The whole art of the East is contrary to realism. In Japanese painting,we are told by Hokusai, form and colour are represented without anyattempt at relief. Hokusai would have hated Hanako.It is not only the " aesthetes " who have used tall talk about Art.The Artists have done so. Don't let us forget this.The Artist knows, and has stated plenty of times, that mankind hasa longing for the stars, and you may jeer at this tallness till kingdomcome ...it is the Truth, and the world, while men and women still havethe stars over their heads, and while they still see them, will have anindefinable longing for them.And mankind loves the mountains... the peaks, and loves the depthsof the sea... loves the secluded spots which he cannot reach.£? Wherever he cannot climb... whatever he cannot touch... whateverhe is shut out from... that will he long for.In most men the longing is for the indescribable and unrealizable.And Artists are those men who know something mysterious and whobring mankind through their art something of what it has longed, andlongs for.Hanako would have us believe a pack of lies. She and all her tribewould swindle us into the horrible belief that all we want is Suicide...and a nasty squabble in this house of ours. And she would doubtlessback up her skilful performance with the argument that it is " trueto life ".&amp; What life, Madam? The life we long for?... and love?No I Precisely the life we desire to escape from, yet which often fa- scinates us in the snake's way.EVIL. That is what Hanako takes so much trouble to reproduce for us... the illness of the Earth: and she sets about it like the dearest oflittle spiders.Let no one in Europe think that she and her type of performer inany faintest way reflects the Art of the Theatre of the East. She nomore represents Japan than does the double-page drawing in theIllustrated London News " of November i represent the ancient spiritof India.Let us pass from Hanako to this.Here is reprinted a rough outline of the ugly and misleading scene.Underneath it is reprinted what stood for the text.&amp; This picture and text, which in my opinion reflects upon Europeanjournalism, makes out to the public that India was once a land where theDevil reigned supreme, where Evil was the law, where slavery wasbrutal and where stupidity was rampant.jg? Whereas we know that precisely the reverse of all this was the law.Goodness was the Law... the idea of Godhead quite as dear to the dark&lt;skinned race as it is to u5.... (some would even say dearer),.... and" slavery " no slavery... and wisdom a natural growth.When I see such misleading pictures In a decent English Journal, I wonderwhat particular kind of mind orders the absurdity to be made; for byinsulting the millions of Indians in this way no good can possiblycome, (i) From telling our masses at home that which is Incorrect aboutIndia no good can come.£7 Strange that in our houses the works of these " Heathenish Devils"command our wonder, our respect, and baffle our desires. Strange thatwe build museums in which to preserve the works made by Demonsincarnate. Queer that we collect with ever-increasing delight and insplra«tlon the books, pictures, statues, dealing with and depicting the Religionsof India, and that then we allow without a murmur the mass of ourcountrymen to be deceived about their brothers in India who did theirbest of old for the same old Cause... the Cause of God... that very Causefor which we English, with all the world, fight and will ever fight. &amp; There is one Enemy... only one; one Evil... only one; and that weshould allow it to destroy our Arts and our feeling of love towards ourfellows in India, in China, in Burmah, in Africa, is to let it destroy ourpeace of mind.Universal Peace can only be obtained by a universal state of Waragainst the Enemy of Mankind.No country has any Justification for warring against another country.But all countries have one common enemy... and the enemy is alwaysinside the gates.War then... unrelenting war... against the evil side of Commercialism,which attempts to prevail at the expense of the friendship of mankind,of nations, and of castes.£? " Socialism " advances in the belief that It holds the secret of theworld's friendship.But " Socialism "is founded upon selfishness. How many socialists "are there today whose faces show us that they have realized this toolate ? Still they have meant well, and the best of them done well.I know a " Socialist " of London. Anyone more unselfish or morelike a man I think it would be hard to find. He is a direct discipleof William Morris, aad an old friend of his. More, even... one of hisworkmen. And in his own brave way he still stands up for their idealof " Socialism ", meaning when he speaks the word all the best ofthings, and refusing to admit that it can have become the poor thingthe mob has made it." Is that any reason for decrying it... that the many have not quiteunderstood ? " I hear him say.No, sir. But the idea of God... the longing for the stars... still countsand will ever count, until the last tick of the clock of the universe tellsthe End. And God is not quantity but quality: if God be everywhere,... insun, in sea, in air, in earth, it is not because of the vastness of thesun, the sea, the earth and the air, but because of the fine good qualityof these vast things. " The empty vessel makes the greatest sound ", andthe greatest sound is not what is wanted.And because of this idea of God and the unknown, the idea of theRuler of the Universe becomes a thing fixed beyond all changing. Let us accept it... and with it let us accept the simple lesson.We need a Ruler... not six, not sixty, not six hundred. We need toplace that Ruler above us, beyond our reach and our touch.We have to do this. This act and this alone liberates us. It is notSlavery to which we submit until we have puffed Ourselves up thereinplace of the king ....then we are slaves indeed... slaves to our unrelentingselves, and it was a Socialist who helped me to see this:... strange thathe himself spoke without seeing!&amp; So first we put down ourselves, and then we put up the man whomwe long to call our King or Ruler, and we keep on putting him up.,,seventy times seven we do it: he who begins to tire should step back.&amp; Day after day, year after year, we put him up, and there he is.&amp; If he tumbles down it Is only because we were weak and could nothold him up.Long live the King, then ! We shall all work at our tasks without evergrowing tired, without discontent, and with ever-renewed excitementwhen we realize the Majesty of Royalty.For Kingship is in ourselves. We, the people, are the makers... thefathers and mothers of the King.We become the creators of the Symbol of Friendship when we placeone man high enough for all to be able to see him, and then help himby gentleness and by love to play the king as we would have our ownsons play the Man. (1) la writing this 1 wish it to be clearly understood that I make no personal reference to the draughtsman.Mr Caton Woodviiie. I have enjoyed his battle pieces and his pictured deeds ot British heroism, and I can onlythink that Mr Woodviiie is ignorant of the truth regarding Indian civilization of the past centuries. 0. C. GUIDINO STARS OF THE STAGE, A Note by John Semar. |f you wish to imbibe what the Americans call real " highbrow" viewsof life, to be purified, elevated and inspired, and filled to the brimwith noble and lofty thoughts on love and art and work and the refor- ming and cleansing of society, the best means of attaining your endseems to be to associate with the actress, and especially with the actressof the variety stage.There you will find what will satisfy,... even satiate, your desire.Talk of " hitching your wagon to a star " ?... these stars of the stageare lofty beyond human belief.No more must we listen to, or speak of, the frivolity or freaks orcaprices or vanities or temperamental outbursts of these 'artistes'.... Oh110, these things were 'just a rumour'! In reality they are all mild asmilk, and sweet as honey, and serious as Plato, and survey mankind froma height as remote as Rossetti's Blessed Damosel. They are here to blessand elevate humanity. They exude noble sentiments as a wet spongewater. They are a kind of essence, a concentrated extract, of Psycheand Persephone and Beatrice and Imogen and Joan of Arc,.... in fact ofall the great, real or legendary, lovers and patriots and saints of theirsex, packed into a Paris gown or a pseudo-Greek costume.At least so it a »pears from their newspaper utterances, and especiallyfrom the reports of Mr Colgate Baker, who has been interviewing anumber of them and relating his experiences from time to time in the" New York Review ".Mr Colgate Baker is evidently the very man for the work. He has thejournalistic equivalent of that " bedside manner " which makes the for- tune of many a physician. He inspires confidence In an actress just asdoes the family doctor when he pulls out his watch and asks to see thepatient's tongue.j&amp; These ladies of the stage show their tongues mentally and spirituallyto Mr Baker at the very outset. Why, they open the inmost recesses oftheir lovely confiding aspiring little hearts to him almost before he hassaid 'how do you do'.says Polaire to him, " Monsieur, I shall confide in you, we have never 44 met before, but I shall tell you something about myself, my real self44 eh bien ? " ...and she then proceeds to Inform him that she Is "in |OVewith " herself... " I adore myself. 1 am quite free to say so. 1 revel in44 my glorious good health, in my strength. I worship my own persona..44 lity. I am supremely happy In being what 1 am " Not bad for abeginning, eh ?!But then Mr Colgate Baker understands them so well, these littleladles. He responds as swiftly to their elevating influences as does awell-adjusted lift when you press the button.For instance, he calls on Lady Constance Stewart Richardson in herdressing room, and hastens home to write :44 Thanks to Lady Constance Stewart Richardson I am now pure. My44 mind has been laundered and bleached snow-white. When your mind44 is purified you can speak no evil, hear no evil, think no evil.... quite44 delightful, don't cher know. One feels almost canonized, all carnal44 thoughts have been canned and cast away, and you are supposed to44 be very, very happy.... well, may be? "We need not ask where Mr Baker's own tongue was as he wrotethat:... possibly in his cheek. But the fact remains that he has drawnsome very amusing and illuminating outbursts of sentimentality and talltalk from the ladies he has interviewed, and, that no one may in futureundervalue the 44 mission " of the successful actress or barefoot dancer,let us reprint here a few of their inspiring words.JZ? First let us quote Lady Constance Stewart Richardson, barefoot44 Greek style " dancer, ...imitator of other imitators.&amp; How sweetly she prattles the truths and platitudes she has annexedfrom other thinkers ; how seriously she takes herself;... 44You are creditedover here with being a reformeress of undaunted courage, Lady Con=stance " says Mr Baker; and the reply is, 44 Am I really? How interesting.44 1 did not know that the echoes of the war I have been waging on falsemodesty ever reached you ".44 Our clothes are one of the absurd products of our false civilization,44 but it is not absolutely true that I do not believe in them. "44 Most of the immorality of our so-called civilization springs from44 a false sense of modesty. " 44 Why should we be ashamed of our bodies, there must be something" the matter with them or our minds. "&amp; 44 The perverted mind produced by a false civilization has warped the44 appreciation of the beautiful. "44 Before I die 1 hope to show the world that it is possible to bring44 up children so that they will be true children of Nature. "JS? 44 Nature is an endless drama of procreation, and there is nothing44 but joy in it. "44 Dancing to me is the expression of one's sense of the beautiful. "44 I am here because I want to make money, so I can carry out my44 ideas of life and bring up my children as I wish. "£? Here, indeed, is a prophet arisen in Israel! Oh, shades of all healthyand freeminded and joyful women, hasten to hear this new gospel, hastento hear that which you knew for yourselves from the beginning: hastento hear a vague, faint, milk and water echo of a word of Whitmanproclaimed as a new truth ; listen and give its champion the... reclameshe seeks.Then there is Madame Anna Held, whom everyone had alwaysregarded as the very 44 quintessence of diablerie " with her naughtylittle chansons and her saucy little tricks. It is Love and Happiness thatshe selects as her theme. Listen to her wisdom :4« As to the glory of artistic success, 1 say pouf.... it amounts to" nothing. There is no artistic success without financial success, and you44 might also say there is no financial success without artistic success. "44 Life is a test. "jzr «4 Where is the great actress, the great singer, the -great woman44 artist, who cannot point to a tragedy in her life? "44 Myself, ah you all know that I have had mine.... it is vain for meto try to conceal it or the fact that I have suffered. But I have noresentment, no bitterness against anyone because of it. Women wereborn to suffer and to endure. At least I have lived a blameless life, notone word of evil has been uttered against me, how can there be, I havenever done anything wrong? "44 Happiness is never complete, there must always be something lacking, some desire unsatisfied. We make the great mistake of our livesin trying to be happy. If we did not look for " the Blue Bird " it mightcome to us, but the more we chase it the further it flies away. "&amp; " 1 have given up trying to be happy, it is no use and leads tonothing. I try to be right; to do what is right... and let my personalfeelings take care of themselves. I find it works better. "** Love Is as much a mystery as ever. All we women know about itis that at least once in our lives we do love, blindly, unreasonably,regardless of the consequences, and love seems to lead us to paradise...a mirage, which like the travellor in the desert we are always tryingto reach, but which keeps moving away as we approach. "«4 It is foolish to speak bitterly of love, that inevitable part of everywoman's life. "" Just at present women invariably have the worst of it in love.Men easily recover from the disease, but it seems to last with a womanuntil it wrecks her life. "" However, I must say that it is better to have loved, even unhappily,than never to have loved. "jg? Then listen to Mile. Polairewho can attain to such heights as she?" Moral beauty is a priceless jewel, it is the only thing in life worth\" cultivating. "&amp; " I yearn to play the heroine in some great, noble, uplifting play whichwould really do some good for humanity. "uS? " Everyone is bad and so few are g00d.... I want to be good, it willbe such a novelty.... I should be alone in my glory. "" I should like to die for the cause of humanity.... Mon Dieu, thatwould be magnifique I "&amp; " Our dramatists are all no good, they are immoral, degenerates. Bah,I hate them ! ""My mission is to discover some pure, noble, young (I) poet, whowill with his divine genius, lead us out of filth.... into the presenceof Truth, Beauty and Goodness. " When you have drunk deep of the cup of life as 1 have one mustbecome a philosopher.I ,£? " The evil side of human life nauseates me. I sigh for poetry andbeauty and moral inspiration." Love is not a thing that you can shackle with fetters. It Is a mad- ness in the blood.&amp; " And love for the artiste is even more of a madness than it is forthe ordinary person. It is a consuming disease that must be conqueredor it will destroy you. Let love run riot and It burns up everything ittouches. "....And so on, and on and on, ad , ad , do theladies of the stage, posed in the spot light skilfully manipulated byan acute press agent, babble of all things in earth and heaven: so dothey for ever, ail unconsciously, substantiate the truth of the old saying,44 the empty vessel makes the greatest sound ", the measure of theirloquacity being the guage of their conceit, and of their lack of strongconviction, true feeling and serious intent: for, as a wise Indian haswritten, 44 It is ever the way of those who are conscious of a sufficient44 inner life, to be indifferent to outward expression of their own or any44 other changing personality ". (I) Evidently the necessary qualification, as who, when advertising for a footman, should say, 44 Honest, willingand clean SO MUCH IS CHANCE. A Note by Allen Carric. ood chance and bad chance.For an example of a bad chance...,&amp; We study unnaturally,... that Is to say, beyondour years.Let us say that at eighteen or twenty we studythe Greeks; we of a strange generation do this....we, living in the midst of confusion; confusionof Religions, practise and theory. We lncapables do this. We, as it were, would leap into a perfection.We remember Goethe's words, " Man studiere Moliere, man studiereShakespeare, aber vor alien Dingen, die aiten Griechen und iramer diealten Griechen ".we apply Goethe's words to our own case; we flatter ourselves he isaddressing us.What should we do in the face of such advice ? we ask ourselves.Is the Greek not to be '* before all other things " as he says ?If the Greek is before many other things in degree of excellence it isso far " before " those things that we should be very far more carefulnot to leap into its excellence before the right time.How shall we know ?I would attempt to frustrate some such bad chance by definitely reas»serting that we, being of the twentieth century, must start in that centuryand work slowly backwards and forwards slowly passing through, notover, centuries.Thus in the matter of the written drama.It were best to study our modern Drama first. After that the Dramaof yesterday, back slowly to Sheridan and his period,,... back to Moliereand his, and to Shakespeare and his, back to the great Contmediadell'Arte, back through the Religious Drama of the middle ages toTerence.Now we have arrived at Greece. And I beg most earnestly, with allthe persuasion I can give to my plea, that there be no hurry.&amp; Haste it is which leads to so many of the bad chances. The age isformless owing to this Haste. And commercialism alone Is not what hurries us. Our Conceit, like a gutta percha sling, flings us out betweenthe forks of evil chances Into the universe.&amp; Nature works slowly.And the older the world gets the slower should we work.More excitement can be enjoyed if we go not too fast.&amp;To discover Terence after having avoided him,... to discover himonly after having come across his sons, Moltere, Shakespeare and the»rest, is to enjoy the company of the whole family at the different stagesof our development.But to be led by Goethe's words to lose five or ten years with thesesons of Terence is to lose more than our natures can afford to lose.Those who read The Mask, who wish to see the development of ournew Theatre of the Future which our Leader has seen and spoken of,those who wish to be overtaken by no " bad chance ",... how bettercould they provide against it than by an affectionate knowledge of thePast ?... not of the Greeks alone but of ail periods,... each period as itfits the mind In development.j0 A boy of fourteen cannot command Moli&amp;re's attention, but he mightlearn to venerate his contemporaries and so get their ear and theirvoice; Pinero, Barrie, Jones. Then as he reaches eighteen he might,without forgetting his old friends of today, take older ones of yesterday,...and, by their aid, get a glimpse into the future.Advancing in years he may go still further back and so see forwardstill more. Until he reaches forty, fifty, sixty,... then he will have seenand loved all things, and learned like Nature learns slowly to accepteach and all in turn,... and thus to see forwards into eternity, and backinto eternity. THE THEATRE IN WARSAW by Ernest Marriott. \*/arsaw, once the capital of Poland, at present under the rule ofRussia, might not be considered a likely place for the encouragementof the arts theatrical or otherwise.A recent visit in connection with an Interesting and very up-to-datetheatre exhibition has given me a new point of view regarding thingsPolish, for I found that the theatre in Warsaw plays a most importantpart in the lives of the inhabitants. It reflects their brain, temperamentand soul as a clear lake of Poland mirrors its solemn trees.Of the theatres 1 visited, only one, the Teatr Polski, may be said tobe modern. But this particular little theatre is a model of what a theatreought to be constructionally.There Is no playhouse anywhere in England half so ingeniously, soserenely and so beautifully appointed.Of the play at the Polish Theatre, which happened to be " TheTempest, " I can say nothing. The performance of it was interesting butnot In any way absorbing. Perhaps Shakespeare in Polish loses greatly ?Although, some Poles I spoke with, who were very familiar with English,said that the translation I heard was a very beautiful one by an eminentnative poet. It was not the fault of the actors. On the whole they didwell, particularly Stefano and Trinculo, who managed to catch a gooddeal of the rich English habit. Nor was it entirely the fault of KarolPrycz the designer of the costumes and scenery,Frycz is a young man of talent, judging from a model scene of hisIn the Theatre Exhibition; but I imagine that in " The Tempest" hewas not on native ground,... that is, he had not a free hand.It seemed as though the producer had said to him, " Here are someback numbers of Jugend, make your scene as much in the Munich styleof landscape as possible.... here also are Dora's Illustrations to ' Contesdrolatiques,' get your men's costumes from them. "I feel this very strongly, for Frycz is a most promising man and thework of his hands unembarassed by the wishes or instructions of managersor producers is of a purer and more original character.The producer at any rate was to blame for allowing Ariel to be played by a ballet girl. He was to blame also for trying to realise the phantombanquet with a silly crowd of freak birds and reptiles of the kind usuallyseen in a Christmas pantomime.Perhaps the most unhappy and infelicitous thing in the whole per- formance was Caliban. No actor, be he even better than the excellentone who played this part, could possibly realise Caliban in a fantasticaldress which, as nearly as I can describe it, looked like a grotesque mixtureof an American cowboy and a narwhal. The heavy German influence gotits grip on the whole work, and,... Shakespeare died to slow Munich.&amp;It was of course a bad policy to run such a play on entirely realisticlines, but it had one episode which was really diverting.The scene was built up " solid " and in the drunken bout the wholeland and seascape solemnly twirled about the revellers. Trees, rocks,sand and sea gravely waltzing round from left to right.Not realism this, but most excellent suggestion. The spectatorswere made to feel and see as the characters were supposed to be feelingand seeing. They entered Into Stefano's and Trlnculo's world instead ofobserving them from another planet. It was a capital utilisation of theresources of the revolving stage.The company of actors at the Summer Theatre (Teatr w ogrodzieSaskim) were, taken all round, much more capable than those at theTeatr Polski. Here 1 might, had I space, make many agreeable comparisonsbetween actors trained in the old stock tradition and those of the modernrepertory type. Briefly, it seems to me that each could learn a lot fromthe other.The only English Repertory companies with whose work 1 am at allfamiliar are those of Manchester and Liverpool, and it has almostinvariably been the case that these companies when playing an oldromantic play lack something of warmth and mellowness.Most of all they lack sympathy and that kind of belief which springsfrom an inborn and whole-souled joy in theatrical make-believe. Theyare too brainy, too matter-of-fact, too intellectual and sometimes toolofty to be simple. They do not radiate a glow from within; ratherthey are illumined by a cold light thrown on them from without.Whereas, on the other hand, the old style of actors who think Ibsen the very devil and Shaw an incomprehensible person can play theirparts with astonishing gusto, and even in a poor play can make youfeel some of the authentic dramatic thrill. They have little or nodifficulty in getting the play across the footlights to the audience,When dealing with a sociological or philosophic or intellectual playtheir limitations show up like the 44 spots that bespatter the leopard."One could not imagine them playing Monkhouse's " Mary Broome. "&amp; Nevertheless It is to the latter class of players that most of theTheatre companies of Warsaw belong. Those at the summer theatresupremely so.Their play-house Is a big wooden structure built in the middle of abeautiful old garden full of noble trees with winding paths leading intoglades all round about.The play, Rostand's 44 Romantics was a most appropriate piece forsuch a situation. A better company of actors of the old style I have neverseen. The great comedian Frenkiel playing Straforel was in most won- derful form, and I can believe what I am told, namely, that when heplays Cyrano de Bergerac it is almost if not quite as good as Coquelin's.4? Altogether a joyous performance with the added delight at the endof leaving a Fragonard stage picture to walk through the ancient theatregarden with the first leaves of autumn falling from the trees.&amp; At the Teatr Nowoscl Sumurun was playing to half-crowded houses.Evidently it traded on its reputation to draw people, for a more stupidperformance could not be imagined.In justice to Herr Reinhardt it should be stated that the Warsawversion was not his. It was jostled and hurried, not one gesture waswell thought out and grouping, even 44 effective grouping," was notthought of for a moment, it was like a Christy minstrel's playing ofa tambourine... full of harshness, rattle and dither and bang.&amp; The largest theatre in Warsaw in the Teatr Wielki. At the time of myvisit they were presenting 44 L'Aiglon " and it was very pleasant to findthe comedian Frenkiel In the piece playing Flambeau in his own particularracy manner. These were several actors of very marked Individuality, andprominent among them was Juljusz Osterwa, very graceful in person andendowed with a most unusual instinct for movement and gesture. &amp; But the most enthralling piece of acting 1 saw was that of BoleslawLeszczynski, (Poland's greatest actor) in the trifling part of GeneralHartmann with less than half a dozen words to say. He remained on thestage through a whole scene placed in the background and hardly stir- ring from one spot. But he made great drama out of his part and onecould not help thinking that with a few actors of his calibre play afterplay could be interpreted quite easily without the use of the spoken word.This Teatr Wielki is a huge place and is used generally for grandopera and spectacle.It does things, not by halves, but by one and a half, or even more.It adds, two and two together and makes seven. In presenting "L'Aiglon"it seemed as though it said, " Here is a play which demands a certainamount of realism. Realism shall overflow its banks ".*-&lt;£? Certainly it was a beautiful and costly performance. It was magnifi- cently and astonishingly complete. But in spite of its dazzling opulenceIt was never gaudy, garish nor in any way ugly. It was delusion andnot illusion and, as was to be expected, it utterly swamped the play andthe players. The drama struggled to keep its head up as a swimmerwould struggle in a lily-clogged lake. Only one scene escaped drowning,and by some means arrived at real simplicity. In this scene the dramatook its last breath and then went under. It was particularly interestingto see such a production as it showed that the great theatre .could beideal, if it liked, as well as real, or rather unreal.&amp; The ideal theatre building in Warsaw is the one 1 have alreadymentioned, the Teatr Polski where they played " The Tempest. " Later1 saw them play another piece there, " Damy i Huzary " which wasmuch more within the scope of the actors.&amp; What interested me most about this new Polish Theatre was thefact that the building of the structure had been done with brains andimagination. Prom the ventilating apparatus to the costumes of theattendants everything seemed to be the result of clear thought andinspiration. Light In plenty,, but hidden and never striking uncomfortablyon the eye. Every seat with an excellent and unobstructed view of thestage. None of the stuffy feeling,.., the wanting to get up ajid go outfor air at the end of an act. The temperature did not perceptibly rise and the whole interior of the theatre felt clean and cool. When one'slungs are kept clear and unsullied the performance gains; for theexhilaration engendered by the play has a much better chance withone's system.4? The exits and entrances are so cleverly arranged that in less thanhalf a minute the house can be emptied or filled.4ef There is a revolving stage, and an adjustable proscenium which, ifnot as good as one the readers of The Mask have heard of, is at allevents quite a good thing of its kind.4&amp; The orchestra is kept out of sight. The pit is well sloped and thereis no cadging of extra roubles by placing seats beyond each side of theproscenium. There are no boxes.&amp; Everything Is carried out in a thorough manner. Hygienic as a hospital,comfortable as one could possibly wish, it is indubitably a theatre andit gives you the sense of something serene and calm as of a buildingdedicated to the service of a noble art.&amp; There are many signs and indications that Warsaw will soon becompletely awake in matters theatrical, for there is a band of youngenthusiasts there who are working for the New Theatre. They have alot of labour in front of them, but they have got the ideal building andthey have got talent. One member of this group, Franz Siedlecki, hasnot had the opportunity of materialising his designs but his work isfull of spiritual beauty and suggestion and his day must come soon. Heand his Cracow friend, Leon de Schildenfeld et Schiller, were responsiblefor the practical organisation of the splendid little Exhibition at Warsaw.&amp; It is interesting to hear this group of enthusiasts talking of thecelebrated ancient and modern plays of various countries but it is almoststartling to hear Poles speak of the mystical strange beauty and lyricismof W. B. Yeats' plays. They have read them and intend playing them inwhat 1 am informed are beautiful translations by an inspired youngPolish poet.They know also to whom is due the credit of the modern movementin the European Theatre and that is why they organized and opened atWarsaw an exhibition of modern theatre art with the designs and modelsof Gordon Craig occupying the place of honour. LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. THE MUSIC HALL AND THE CHURCH. GORDON CRAIG. My Dear Semar,May Ibe allowed thorough the columns of The Mask to have a wordwith the Bishops of London and Kensington who have lately beeninteresting themselves so actively in the Music Hall ?&amp; I come of the family of actors. When I use the word " family " Imean not only the individual family to which I have the honour to be*long, but the whole body of actors.&amp; For some queer natural reason, perhaps because I am very proud ofthe family to which 1 belong, I want to see actors become the rulersof the earth.For I know that actors are without exception [the most generous*natured beings, (after animals) upon the face of this round burning thingsuspended in the void, and which is called the Earth.Generosity is Charity In profusion.Generosity is the heart of creation.&amp; The actors represent that heart. Therefore the actors have the firstrequisite of great Rulers.But only the first. There are other requisites.Now although I come of this race 1 am not like them. I am not madeup of as much Heart as they are.My road has been a different one from that of my Family.,., and Ihave spent some time in excavating in old forgotten paths, and advancingalong unknown roads, in the hope of making discoveries.... in the hopeof adding some new quality to the great heap of generosity already pos- sessed by the family of actors.&amp; One find of mine was that the Art of the Theatre was In its infancy;that it was the only Art which had not been thrown on to the dust heapof useless and unwanted articles; that it was the one Art which survivedthe centuries owing to its peculiar nature, and that its nature was aneverlasting one promising to outlive the noble art of architecture andthe divine art of music.&amp; " Movement, " 1 stated, was at the roots of this art, and when movement was no longer needed, the art or the essence of movementwould be no longer needed... the life of the world would end.By Movement I stated that I neither meant the dance nor thepantomime, but something far more wonderful, far more mysteriousin fact something divine, loveable, worshipful... and incomprehensible1 urged the Family of actors to turn its thoughts in the direction ofMovement, it being their Inheritance, their lawful means of creatingthe most blessed art in the world.But the Family of Actors Is never in a hurry....When it started out on its... what shall we call 1t?... let us call itMission... it proceeded to divide its forces into two camps ; one divisionwas the advance guard and was to laugh and jest the world into a goodtemper. The second division was to remind the world of the beauty andthe divinity of men.&amp; Thus this Family has spread, and possesses two realms, the Theatreand the Music Ha 11... both rich properties.&amp; But now another Family proclaims war upon that half of my Familywhich dwells in the Music Hall.&amp; The Music Hall actors are attacked for indecency by the Church ofEngland's clergy.&amp; War can be waged from good as well as bad motives, and in this casethe motive is quite good.But-it is silly... unconsciously.&amp; The thing against which the clergy are waging war Is also somethingsilly... consciously so.Thus we have in a sane land in the twentieth century the spectacleof a serious and grand calling waging a silly war upon the silly phaseof a great art.The Actor Is both Priest and Zany, the two extremes of mankind.It is the Zany whom the clergy have stooped to httack.0 Now one thing only 1 have to say, and then 1 hold my peace.It is this.&amp; When an art born as a blessing for the People gives birth to a raceof artists longing to delight the People and to bring happiness to them,and this race of artists provides sacred things for the People and yet provides profane things too, who is there who should dare to criticizethem for their complete understanding of Humanity ?0 And if this race or family of artists provides from the cornucopia ofits generosity plenty of profanity, you must not complain... provided...aud here I reach my point... the same family is providing in full measuresacred things also.0 My question, then, is this.... Wherein does my Family fall short?Where does it give short measure ? Where is it mean ?0 Your attacks, Bishops and clergy of England, are futile If you attackthe profane side of mankind for Its profanity. It Is half its nature.0 If you are serious and true in vision as you are obviously sincere inyour hearts, you will only attack one half of my Family... the half whichgave its promise to uphold a sacred theatre and which has failed tomaintain its promise for hundreds of years. You will find it at home insuch theatres as the Haymarket, the Savoy, the Qarrlck, the Adelphi,Covent Garden, Kingsway, His Majesty's, the Criterian and Drury Lane.0 BUT if you attack us on this score you will first have to throw openthe doors of the Church and call us in to reform it, for Church andTheatre are one at heart, one in spirit, and it is only you who havethrust us out, and In so doing have weakened the Church, and so lost its hold on the masses. BURBAGE AND SHAKESPEARE'S STAGE. Yours faithfully,Charlotte C. Stopes. Sir,I thank you for the little review signed 44 P. K, " concerning my book44 Burbage, and Shakespeare's Stage0 The reviewer says he " expected " I should have treated their 44 pre=decessors But I believe it best to do one thing at a time. 1 had treatedsome 44 predecessors " in 44 William Hunnls and the revels of the ChapelRoyal" four years ago. 1 may do so again. But on this occasion I carefullychose a title, and stuck to it, my only regret being that for lack ofspace I could not say all concerning the relation of the Burbagesto Shakespeare's Stage which 1 should have liked to have done. John Semar. Stopes, in addition to the above letter forwarded for publication hasent us one or two little Notes relative to the list of Sixteenth CenturEvents published on page 135*146 of the October number of The MaskMrs Stopes says of the list, and with all reason, that " it might hav'been fuller with advantage " and we most heartily concur. In fact SUcha list could very easily fill a whole volume of The Mask: it could badeveloped into a very Encyclopedia without having exhausted ail thatmight, and rightly should, find a place in It.&amp; As for its Incompleteness, no one knows it better than we ourselvesIn fact we stated as much in the very first introductory words. But wefelt that, incomplete as it was, such a list had a certain value,... if onlyto stir up others to show us how much better it could be done, so thathaving been aroused by the inadequacy of our labours, they might enableus to profit by the perfection of their own. Added to this we wouldremind Mrs Stopes that we restricted ourselves to matters which dealtwith or bore upon the question of the Commedia dell'Arte.&amp; Mrs Stopes also says, and this is a matter of more serious regret tous, that she finds our list incorrect in places, and that the faults thatshe does note make her 44 uncertain about the correctness " of otherfacts which she does not know.&amp; We would remind her however that, although to have quoted ourauthority in every case would have been too lengthy, every statementor date was based on the authority of one or other of the most accreditedhistorians of the Theatre, whether English, Italian, Danish or French.&amp; We are glad, however, to note here two specific corrections.Lantram she says, should be " Laneham." She also points outthat the building of the Globe Theatre is included under both 1593and 1597» both of which dates she asserts to be wrong as the Theatrewas not, she says, begun until 1599. J. Payne Collier F. S. A. howeverin his 44 Annals of the Stage " says it was built in 1594, " or, at all events,on the 23rd Dec. 1593, Richard Burbage entered Into an agreement witha carpenter of the name of Peter Street to construct it of certain materialsand of specified dimensions. " Collier's reference is Malone who Informsus of this in his Inquiry, page 87. John Addington Symonds says 1593« BOOKS REVIEWS. THE DRAMA OF TODAY, byCharlton Adams. Lippincott Co.New York. Price one and a halfdollars.TThe Drama is a species in the"genus fiction... It differs from the44 other forms of literature " etc. etc.So begins Mr Andrews' book,44 TheDrama of Today " ; and as we haterepeating an old falsehood, as weare amongst who hold thatDrama has nothing whatever to dowith Literature, how can we findexcuses for Mr Andrews and his book?&amp; We make no objections to itsform, and many of its pages areinteresting as pages. Still, a wordmore about Irving,... he is twicementioned and without significance...and some mention of Duse, Bern- hardt and Ellen Terry as havingin some slight way directly or indi- rectly affected the Drama of todaywould not have been amiss. His assertion that 44 As an artistStrindberg ranks considerably lowerthan Ibsen " is rather incomprehen- sible, for it is precisely an artistthat Strindberg towers above all theScandenavians.He speaks of Strindberg as 44 thisSwedish Schopenhauer " and alludesto the dramatist's 44 terrific hatredof women. " We had always gatheredfrom all that Strindberg ever wrotethat what Strindberg hated was theprostitute in woman. How could hethen hate woman ?He writes of Shaw as 44 a poseur;"later on 44 a reformer. " Of Mr Bar- ker's plays he says he 44 finds their44 true dramatic significance quiteburied beneath the heap of photo- graphically realistic rubbish. " MrMasefield's 44 Nan " seems to him tobe 44 one more exploitation of thecheerless and the charmless. "The Modern Drama according to Mr Andrews is not good and he trieshis best to show up the greatestmodern playwriters In the bestlight,.,, and ends by saying they area pack of photographers who aremorbid, " preachy " and " talky "and so forth,This is expensive at one dollarand a half.There are so many good and freshbooks we want to see published byLippincott and the better publishers;books on the Stage and its Techni- que.... on the different men whoare labouring year In and year outat this most difficult work that wehave not the right to praise all thesebooks of loose theory which areflooding the market at .the presenthour. SHAKSPERE AS PLAYWRIGHTby Brander Matthews. Long- mans. Price fifteen shillings#net.professor Brander Matthews ofColumbia University has produceda large new book. There are threehundred and eighty one pages.That appears to be the first thingwhich strikes one. There seems littleto distract one from the mere size,the plodding industry that has putit together: for it must be admittedthat Professor Brander Matthews ofColumbia University is a tedious writer: he Is in fact one of thosewho, to use a slang term, 'bore Usstiff'.&amp; Like Peter Bell of immortal me- mory, Brander «is dull, is verydull' with about 'as much imagina- tion as a pint pot', and, to be dullfor three hundred and eighty onepages is a little hard on the 'kindreader'.Professor Matthews says so much,says it so solemnly, so stolidly, andwith never a touch of magic, neveran illuminating flash to make thedry bones live.&amp; The book is perhaps good in itsway... but how good it might havebeen ! How interesting If ProfessorBrander Matthews could have con- centrated a little more of his atten- tion,for instance, upon the wonderfulactors of Shakespeare's day, andtheir relation to the Shakespeareanplays.We begin to know by now thatthe plays no longer " remain one ofthe insoluble mysteries of genius"and careful readers of The Maskneed no more be fogged by thepuzzled Mr Matthews and others ofhis school.The book contains two very intere- sting maps of Shakespeare's London,due to the care and skill of Mr E.Hamilton Bell. GREEK ART AND NATIONALLIFE. by S. C. Raines Smith.Nisbet. Price seven shillings andsixpence net.'T'he writer of this book approacheshis subject from a right point.He does not want to sing thepraise of Greek art just becauseit is old: and in these days, whenmere age is generally assumed tobe synonymous with worth, andwhen the craze for the past turnsa large section of Society into pe- trified, back-gazing figures, as dullto advancement as Lot's wife, it isrefreshing to find a man who canwrite on his second page: " Let us" then remember that enthusiasm is" wasted on dead things, but that" life needs it soreiy. To share the" fire of Sappho is greater gain than" to be the world's authority on" Aeolic forms; to find the heart" of the man who fashioned the" sculptures of the Parthenon, to" find" .... what led" The hand to this perfection..."" is better worth while than to know" to the last touch the methods of" his skill".That is as ensible outlook,a pleasant change from the wearytalk of the 'good old times' and allthe fake Greek art and the fakeGreek imitation of the " Pasters " who respect things in exact ratioto the number of centuries theyhave been in existence, and whoseconservation is as ill-judged in itsown way as is the iconoclasm of theFuturists in theirs.Mr Kaines Smith has not a littleto say that is interesting about theSack of Knossos, the "Mycenean "Civilisation, the Homeric Ageand De- corative and Creative Art and so on.The book is illustrated with sevenphotogravures and many other il- lustrations of the masterpieces ofGreek art. View of the "No" Stage. PLAYS OP OLD JAPAN. THE"NO by Marie C. Stopes.Heinemann. Price five shillingsnet.Hphis is an interesting little book,and as well got up, as well illu- strated, as are ail those which bearthe name of that distinguished pub°lisher, Mr William Heinemann.Of course to treat here at anylength of the subject of the b00k,...the great No drama, is Impossible,but we shall return to it beforelong, devoting to it a completearticle, supplementing the briefaccount of it already given by MrSheko Tsubuchi to the readers ofThe Mask in 1912.jSf The author of the present book,after an introduction devoted to the nature, the history and the techniqueof the No drama, gives an Englishrendering of several of the utai orlibretti themselves, in the hope thatalthough " no translation can everconvey more than a fraction of thepower, beauty and individual cha- racteristics of the original text ofthese old piays " there yet " maybe found between these covers some- thing of the delicacy and charmof the No, some hint of theirpeculiar flavour and effect. "And of course that is the mostwe can hope for, since the essenceof the No drama is far more in thescene and movement and in thetraditional spirit which fills andvitalises it, passing from actors toaudience and being reflected backfrom audience to actors, than inthe words which form one of itscomponent parts.zz? But it should be clearly remem- bered by those who examine these,or other ancient forms of dramaticceremonial, that, although they mayafford an interesting study for ar=cheologists, may afford a particularkind of enjoyment to those whohave the opportunity of witnessingtheir performance, the only realvalue of either the study or thespectacle in relation to the LivingTheatre towards which our hopes turn is that which lies in tracingthe peculiar conditions among whichsuch drama arose, the peculiar spiritwhich gave it life.We have nothing to gain, as somewould claim, by a mere imitation ofthis or any other ancient form ofdrama, of its masks, its symbolism,its conventions, its costumes: it israther in tracing the spirit of whichthese outward form? and accessorieswere the expression that we mayfind something of value, either aswarning or encouragement, to aidus in shaping the masks, the sym- bols, and the laws of our own Theatrewhich is to be.And, where we raise ever so littlethe curtain which divides our centuryfrom that which created the magni- ficent No drama, what is it firstwhich strikes us, and appals us intodropping it again ?... What is ourfirst lesson ? What do we see is ourfirst duty ?JZ? We see that back in those daysa great National spirit is glowing,...The King is a god... the nobles areastir and noble.JZ&gt; We drop the corner of the cur- tain ; we turn both beseeching eyesand frowning brows upon our Ari- stocracy and wait for a sign of itsLIFE and its nobility. ....And weshall continue waiting a little longer. The Future of the Theatre, byJohn Palmer.Bell. Price Twoshillings and sixpence net.I-|ere we have a book by a writerwho tries to be just, logical,gentlemanly and a bit dashing, and/Who succeeds in misrepresenting andmisunderstanding with a faultlessIgnorance all things to do with theTheatre and its future,... even theLondon Theatre.&amp; The very title is a misnomerof Mr Palmer's achievement. Hecalls bis book " The Future of the*Theatre: " yet on page XI. he says" seriously ask yourself why you arereading a book on the future ofthe English Theatre, (i) andon page I. writes, " what preciselydo we mean by the English theatre?How shall we define it?"&amp; Well, certainly we shall not de=fine it by calling it " The Theatre "and It is a pity that Mr Palmer, ifhe wishes to talk of the EnglishTheatre, should choose a title somisleading to his readers.&amp; Think of it, friends, Romans,countrymen ! Think of setting downas the title of your book " TheTheatre of the Future, " and thenpassing over all the theatres, (vital orlethargic, but in any case existent)of Russia, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Holland, India, Japan, ChinaAmerica ; ignoring the profound in- fluences, the closely and intricatelywoven traditions which link theseexisting theatres back to the theatresof Shakespeare, of the Commediadeli'Arte, of the Religious Drama,of the Greek and Roman theatresof the Egyptian rites and the statelyand splendid ceremonies of the east:think of ignoring all these, ignoringtheir inalienable relationship with,and sequence in, and influence upon,the being of the Theatre of theFuture, and yet calling your bookby such a name!jgr But that is just one more mani- festation of that spirit of pitifulself-satisfaction; of incapacity to lookbeyond its own little environment;of indifference to, If not contemptfor, the achievements of other na- tions ; of blindness to larger issueswhich has unfortunately come to bedescribed as "so English." It isone of the things which afford muchdelicate amusement at our expenseto the intelligent members of theEuropean Theatre.&amp; Mr Palmer dashes down his gran- diloquent title and then proceedsto chat of the little personalitiesand little activities of the Londonstage Why, the thing is a joke!it is an outrage on the intelligent, and a serious injury to the simplewho, unfortunately for themselves,may assume that the dramatic criticof so reputable a paper as the44 Saturday Review" is a man to betaken seriously.&amp; Then, having set to work, MrPalmer goes on talking, talking,talking in the happy and exaltedconfidence that he is right, whileunfortunately he is hopelessly wrong,is manifesting on every page anamazing and piteous misunderstand"ing of many things... of all the mostfundamental things, in fact, whichconcern the Theatre and its art.%To put Mr Palmer right,.,, evenassuming that he were willing tobe put right... would require anotherbook. But no, what are we saying ?...he could not even be put right byanother book, for many a new bookhas already come out, and Mr Palmerhas not profitted, thus showing thathe is not interested in the firstprinciples of the Theatre, Hence awhole book would not set him right;otherwise one could order a bookto be specially written for thatexpress purpose. Our correctionstherefore will never be of interestto Mr Palmer himself, and are onlyIntended for those readers of TheMask who are in doubt as to MrPalmer's meaning here and there. Let us now consider a very fewamong Mr Palmer's errors:On page 45 he says, " But though44 the producer is a healthy sign of44 the times, and of an indubitably44 respectable origin, yet he will44 surely pass away. In a perfectly44 healthy state of the theatre the44 producer would not exist. "On the contrary, in a-44 perfectlyhealthy state of the theatre " theproducer would be the only one whowould exist,... as a personality, avolition. He would-be the artist;moulding all the material of theTheatre,,.. Movement, scene, soundand light, for the expression of anIdea.&amp; Then, on page 53 we read :44 Either the fine art of production,the producer in his most modernshape, will disappear, or dramaticart will disappear ".Again No ! Dramatic art has gonelong ago, but when we arrive at thetrue apotheosis of the 'producer',....the creative artist of the theatre, itwill reappear.If the word and the title of 4pro°»ducer' sticks in Mr Palmer's throatby all means let him use some otherword : Producer is not a particularlygood term by which to express thecreative artist of the theatre, thoughfor the moment it serves its purpose; But let Mr Palmer find a better.The rose under another name willsmell quite as sweet.&amp; To pass on :Mr Palmer's misunderstanding ofMr Gordon Craig's work is deplo- rable in its blindness.£7 He speaks, for Instance, of MrCraig's " painter's view of the Thea- tre. "£7 Now to speak of the " Painter'sview of the Theatre " of Mr Rothen- stein, Mr Wilkinson, M. Bakst, HerrStein, Herr Orlik, M. Plot or M.Benols is right enough.All these gentlemen are painters,amusing themselves with more orless success in the Theatre,... (mostlyin Th&amp;itres des Arts).... and ather expense. But to speak of the" Painter's view" of Mr Gordon Craigis essentially wrong,... is, in fact,what in Italy we should call " cat- tivo;" and even an elementaryknowledge of Mr Craig's work andwritings during the last fifteen yearsshould have saved Mr Palmer fromso grave a mistake.£7 But always does this dramaticcritic, of whom we once hoped greatthings, seem to miss the point 1£7 Just as his resounding title, " TheTheatre of the Future " is merelyan excuse for a little chat about theLondon theatre of today, so, in discussing Mr Craig's work as a" designer, " discussing him in re- lation to Shakespeare and fallinginto the usual confusion as to thedistinction between 'drama' and thewritten play, he runs amuck ratherbadly.£7 He writes, for instance, of the" long divorce of English art andletters from the English Theatre. "He says " The history of Englishdrama during the last twenty years "(and from the context it seems ob=vious that Mr Palmer really meansthe history of English written plays)" is, as we shall see, the history of" a movement whereby men of mind" are again coming to regard the" theatre as a natural medium. The" rift is closing, and one result of" its closing will be the squeezing" out of producers. "In that happy day, according toMr Palmer, " The dramatic author," grown into a closer contact with" the theatre, will be master of»its" conventions and technique. The" player, grown into a closer contact" with art and letters, will no longer" require a heaven-sent expert to'* translate for him the author's" limelight. " ...In fact the lion andthe lamb will lie down together, andthe wordy successful manuscriptof the playwright shall feed them, as who should say, a bran mash.Mr Palmer, says: 44 Mr Craig's44 stage designs make an appeal in- -44 dependency of the play they are44 supposed to illustrate. They disas- -44 trously compete with the author's44 intention. "joThis is an incredible misstatement.One wonders whether Mr Palmer hasever seen a production by GordonCraig, or whether he has read anyof the writings in which Mr Craighas stated over and over again thatthe scene is not self-complete butIs a component part of a whole andthat If it loses its right relationshipto the whole it Is wrong In itselfand harmful to thewhole production.44 Scenery " he writes In oneplace, 44 has to speak as well as theactors, but it is better when It saysonly that which is necessary. ...Learnthe essentials of stage scenery, andyou will in time learn the essentialsof Drama " : and many more passagesto the same effect might be quoted.Mr Palmer should have familiar- ised himself with Mr Craig's worksand writings before setting out soblithely upon his self-appointed task.He would thus have saved himselfmany blunders.Again he writes: 44 If Mr Barkeraccepts Mr Craig's premises, as heundoubtedly does, he is logically bound to retire with Mr Craig intothe wilderness. Happily Mr Barkerwill do no such thing. He is rightin refusing the absurdities to whichMr Craig's position has committedhim ".But in a later chapter Mr Palmeremphasises the unhappy fate of theIrish players and other fine idealistswho set out well and fell from gracein 44 the face of the systematic andenormous temptation " (i) to whichthey were subjected. Yet, althoughacknowledging the temptations andsnares laid for all who come bearingany new gift to the Theatre, eventhough it be a little one, he seemsto be surprised that Mr Craig goesfor forty days into the wildernessto work out his Idea without di- straction rather than be eaten upby the London Coliseum lions!&amp; Once more, at the beginning ofchapter eleven, he tells us with en- gaging optimism that 44 the stage isready to take a level place with thefine arts ".This is a slight exaggeration. Notfor many years will it be ready.Not in fact for some hundreds ofyears if the critics, playwrights andactors continue to obstruct pro- gress. And so, did space permit, couldwe go on and on, citing instancesof the way in which this book, farfrom elucidating or instructing, doesbut 'darken counsel' and befog thosewho might turn to it for light.&amp; We are not of those who holdto Disraeli's cutting dictum, " Youknow who the critics are ?... themen who have failed in literatureand art, " but we must agree withit so far on this occasion as to saythat this particular critic is one whohas failed completely in that whichhe apparently had in view, -1. e, towrite a serious book on the " Futureof the Theatre. " In the next Editionlet Mr Palmer correct his title to" The London Stage" : the title willwell cover the contents, and he willwin more indulgence for his workwhen he introduces it under a lesspretentious name. (!) The Italics are ours. Ed. (1) By the way, is Yeats with his players to be condemnedand Barker let off, or are both to be judged?? THE ARTS AND CRAFTS OFINDIA AND CEYLON, byAnandaCoomaraswamy, Foulis.rpo look at the illustrations in thisbook of Dr Coomaraswamy's afterlooking at the work of the Futurists,is like looking forwards instead ofbackwards.These works of sculpture, thesepaintings and cabinets, these ges=tures of actor or dancer are all soyoung, and really refreshing after the aged Futurists.&amp; One is conscious that somethinghas happened, and without noiseand with huge force,... real velocity,almost appalling daring, in a worldof stupendous size.We cannot speak as fully aswe would like of this book of DrCoomaraswamy's, but an extract re- lative to gesture is here given, andeight illustrations are reproducedthrough the kindness of Mr Foulis:but for the rest of the figures refer- red to the reader must turn to thebook itself. Here follows the Extract.In Indian images, great significanceis to be attached to gesture: apart of this is very obvious, asappears if we contrast the stillnessof a Buddha with the fluidity ofNataraja. This gesture symbolismderives directly from life; the seatedBuddha posture, for example, is thatof greatest repose and stability, andis adopted to this day by all thosewho meditate.The gods are of human imaging.Shiva is " Thou that dost take theforms imagined by thy worshippers:"but these forms again react upon life,so that when we take our way tothe ghats at Benares and mark thestillness and grace of those whobathe and pray, we have before us both cause and effect. But the posesof art, especially those of the hands,called madras, may not alwaysexplain themselves at once to onewho has never seen them in life.OTo take concrete examples, theright hand of fig. 28 is in vitarkamudra, indicating argument or dis- course ; the nearer right hand offfig. 1, the right hand of fig. 35, andthe detached hand of fig. 5, are inabhaya mudra, Indicating 44 do notfear: " the hands of fig. 24 are in thedharma=cakra mudra, 44 turningthe wheel of the Law; " the poseof fig. 31 is known as -lila=asana, 44 pose of kingly ease."The three 'most usual variations ofthe seated Buddha or yogi type are(1) with the hands folded in the lap,in dhyani mudra, 44 meditation "(fig. 2); (2) the right hand raised indiscourse (figs. 3, 4); and the righthand dropped over the knee to touchthe earth (bhumishparsa mudra," calling tbe earth to witness. ")0 A less forma! treatment of thehands in other works is often noless eloquent; for example, the handof Paravati laid on Shiva's arm(fig* 39)&gt; the offering hands ofHanuman (fig. 49); the praying handsof the nagsnis (fig. 70) ; the singer'sfingers (fig. 71); and the dancingfeet of Shiva (figs 6-8). £? Such hands and limbs of Indianimages reflect the Indian physicaltype in their smoothness and fle- xibility, and the nervousness of theirvitality.0 There, every separate finger,whether motionless or moving, isalive i while it is one of the clearestsigns of decadence and reduced in- tensity of realisation, when thefingers become either stiff or flabby,or disposed exactly in one plane.0 Beside the seated forms alreadynoticed, there are not less characte- ristic standing poses.0 Some severe types are perfectlysymmetrical (figs. 27, si) ; but morefrequent, and capable of greatervariation, is the stance, well seenin fig. 57) where the weight of the«body rests on one leg and the otheris slightly bent. Images of the lattertype are called tr becausethe median line, in front view, isthrice curved.A variety of this with legs crossedis frequently adopted in the repre- sentations of Krishna as flute-player(figs. 58, 132).0 From such forms, again, thereare all transitions to the continuousmovement and perfect fluidity ofthe dancers, (fig. 1 etc).0 If any power in Indian art isreally unique, it is its marvellous representation of movement.... forhere in the movement of the limbsis given the swiftness and necessityof the impelling thought itself, muchmore than a history of action sub=sequent to thought.There is a close connection be=tween sculptures and dancing; notmerely inasmuch as certain imagesrepresent dancing gods (Shiva, Kri=shna, etc), but because the Indianart of dancing is primarily one ofgesture, in which the hands play amost important part.The special symbolism of thehands (mudra) has been alreadyalluded to ; but only a completeknowledge of the language ofdance gesture would, prepare thestudent to fully interpret the sculp&gt;tures.Four positions of the hands pho=tographed from a bayadere of Tan=gore are given here as examples,the figs. 9=12 signifying respectivelya deer, Krishna's raising MountGovardhan, Vishnu's Garuda, and abed. (1)x? By means of this concrete gesturelanguage the dancer is enabled togive long descriptions of the gods,especially the incarnations of Vishnu,and to express every possible sen- timent (rasa). (1) See plate facing this page VISVAKARMA. Examplesdian Architecture, Sculpture,Painting, Handicraft, chosen byAnanda Coo mar as wa my. Luzac.Price two shillings and sixpencea number.•Qf this series of fine plates we canbut repeat what has been said ofDr Coomaraswamy's other book onpage 270. It Is a publication whichno one in search of force, of youth,and of supreme Art. can afford tomiss. Argument or Discussion "Do not fear! " Hands of a Dancing girl 9. A Deer.10. Krishna's raising Mount Govardhan.11. Vishnu's Garuda.12. A Bed. "The Pose of Kingly Ease" Korean Folk Tales, Translatedby James S. Gale. Dent. Pricethree shillings and sixpencenet.TThis collection of tales of Imps,Ghosts and Fairies is now trans=lated for the first time from theKorean of Im Bang, who was borntin 1640 and of Yi Ryuk who livedabout the middle of the fifteenthcentury.jg? It is recommended to the notice ofall students of Folk Lore and thosewho would " like to look some whatinto the inner soul of the Oriental,and see the peculiar spiritual exls=tences among which he lives, " since,of all this, as the translator tells us,these stories " will serve as trueinterpreters, born as they are ofthe three great religions of theFar East. " Reproduced by permission of the Royal Society of Literature. Diagram of stage arrangement in the showing also the position ofthe audience.On the stage the chorus is represented by crosses, the leader of thechorus marked by an x surrounded by a circle.The numbers I and II represent the positions during most of the actionof the leading actors.I represents the shite.II represents the waki.The encircled numbers show the positions of the musicians, who arestationary during the piece.i. The taiko player. a. The otsuzumi player.3. The kotsuzumi player. 4. The fue player.The squares at the front of the stage represent the two pillars supportingits roof. Th.s design 0; the No stage, and the plate facing it are from Mrs Stopes Book " Plays of Old Japan" by kindpermission of Mr William Heinemann. FOREIGN NOTES. LEEDS. Haste and 44 New " Methods.JMI r Martin Harvey was here a shortwhile ago and gave us some goodevenings' entertainment, for he is acapable actor.£? The " Mercury " representativedrew him out upon the questions ofStage Art, when he had a chat onthe value of simplicity,... a nice littlesubject to have a pleasant chatabout.Mr Harvey said that It was difficultto state a time for the rise of thisnew movement, (" I could not say%amen when they did say God blessus... Amen stuck In my throat"), (i)But some of us could tell the4* Mercury's " representative whenMr Harvey began to see that themovement was a real one and worthfollowing!Unfortunately Mr Harvey seems,according to the Leeds "Mercury," tobelieve that the new staging is amethod. We could remind him that It is something else. Methods areuseful to artists, and especially va=luable to an artist is a method hehas invented. But there have alwaysbeen too many journeymen, whoIgnorantly try each 44 new " methodas it reappears, hoping the methodwill supply the lack of divine mad=ness which is not theirs.Thus there were plenty of sculptorsin the sixteenth century who tried tocatch the Michael Angelo "method",of painters who tried to catch th--*Leonardo " method, " of goldsmithwho tried to catch the Cellini" method, " ...and caught it badly.Again, it was stated only a fewyears ago that there was an Irving44 method" and a Whistler "method ",and many a young actor and painterthought he knew it.And now there is a great deal ofvery loose talk amongst It,alas, Mr Harvey's), concerning thenew 44 method " of the Art of theTheatre.&amp; We are told by Gordon Craig that it is far too early to talk ofresults,... of methods,... of Reforms...of the " new way "." Whichever one of you, " sayshe. (i) " goes farthest and takes lon- gest, I will wait for and with him "" If like Nature we could wait andwait with belief in the final ascen- sion of all things, then you wouldwait with me even as I promise youI shall always wait with you. "Not many of Gordon Craig's dis- ciples, followers or imitators realisethe difficulties of the task which hetells us is before them and him, orthey would, one would think, consultlonger with him before rushing onand getting killed, would stop tothink and feel longer and moregrandly before conceitedly guessingwrong at the riddle and tumblingover the precipice.It cannot be too easy to solvethe Riddle, when even Craig, therichest in Ideas, denies himself theliberty of coming even slowly to a so- lution,... "It is this " or " It is that."He catls the activities of his dis- ciples who act independently of hiswarnings, " the frantic and purpose- less parody of time and space ".He sees well that time waits forhim and for all of us who are patient,and that space is something different from the traditional inch which hisfollowers " raise " the Theatre.He will have no compromise: theylive on compromise. He will havethe Theatre place Itself at a boundin the Heavens. They will have thistoo, but only on condition that theymay hang round its divine skirtsas a fringe. " Poor fellows, whyshouldn't they ? " he said to me notlong since.But 1 know that he longs to seeand to find followers who can endure,and who can not endure for a shortor a long period but who only liveby endurance, live by the fire struckfrom them by antagonist forces; whogrow in pride as they do in endu- rance, and who, thirty years fromnow shall still cry, " Not enough,...further still ".As for those who fear to followhim faithfully as they should do,theymight remember Napoleon's Maxim," It is better to run the risk ofhaving one master than to have athousand ". (lj Macbeth. (I) The Mask. Vol. VI. Page 56. PARIS. A Commercial Theatre. G. N. 'T'he Theatre of the Champs Elyseeshas closed its doors so as not tofail. It is wholly a question of money,though I cannot give the figures.The expenses of the building anddecoration of the theatre were met by a Societe Immobiliere whichrented the theatre to M. Astruc, andwhich still exists. It is the Societyof " Commanditaires ",... M. Astrucand the members of the Theatre,...which goes to pieces.Of course all this failure andwaste of money is the result ofhaving business men at the head ofsuch enterprises instead of Artists.It seems to take a long time,and a good deal of financial lossbefore people begin to realise this.Other news is that M. Rouche, of" La Grande,Revue," has accepted theDirectorship of the Opera. He willonly enter upon this office in ayear's time. Meantime he will be ableto work towards, and plan, reforms.&amp; M. Rouche has announced hisintention of taking as musical di=rector Camille Chevlllard, the di=rector of the * Concerts Lamoureux'.The minister has agreed to thisnomination,... hence the discontentof M. Messager whose dismissal ishastened. It is believed, however,that he will remain at the Operauntil the end of his contract; that Is to say, for another year. FLORENCE. The Sicilians and Loyalty. N. L. Grasso has been here againwith his company of Sicilian actors, and left, as ever, the impres- sion of his amazing fire and force.&amp; The gaps made In his companyby disloyalty, conceit or intriguehave now been successfully filled,and the effect of union and harmo»nious cooperation is strong as ever.But it is a pity that fine actors andgreat leaders of all kinds are subjec- ted to so much of this kind of thing,*and that those working under them donot realise that all fine achievementlies in union, not in the fulfilmentof seperate and selfish aims.Madame Mimi Aguglia, now aninconspicuous figures in the thea- trica! world, committed an unpar- donable offence when she left Grasso,and the success which she mighthave achieved under his controlwould have far surpassed any whichshe can hope to achieve as leaderof a company of her own.Women are slow to perceive thatin limitless loyalty to the man whohas proved himself great enough todevelop their efforts lies their op- portunity of supreme achievement,although a small number who haveperceived it give daily proof of thefruitfulness of this truth of nature.&amp; ...But after all, it is not onlywomen who, by splitting away,weaken causes and enterprises aswell as themselves... Has not Nijlnsky deserted the Russian Ballet ? EDITORIAL NOTES. M. LEON BAKST, 1913."jphis talented painter has beenspeaking to a representative of44 The Daily News and Leader " andthe status of that journal is of coursesufficient guarantee that what hesaid was carefully and exactly re=ported. Here are some of M. Bakst'sstatements :44 The Theatre of the Future44 means the triumph of painting44 and its gradual abolition of the44 spoken word. "M. Bakst has evidently had aquarrel with Signor D'Annunzlo.Readers of The Mask from 1908will be quite surprised to hear that44 The Triumph of Painting " is tobe celebrated in the future in theTheatre, for they know that paintingis valueless in a theatre.They have also learnt that truepainters prefer to work anywhererather than In a theatre.&amp; As for the 44 abolition of thespoken word, " something touchingthis subject was broached by MrGordon Craig in 1908 or even earlier.It was the outcome of a long ap= prenticeshlp in the Theatre. M.Bakst, having gone in for Theatricalsonly quite lately, dashes In with acharming innocence and echoes MrCraig's words,... without having quitegrasped their significance.M. Bakst is ignorant,., he speaksof 44 Dr Meyerhoid's proscenium "as being of no use and as endingin failure.Now M. Bakst must know quitewell that the work of Dr Meyerholdis not adequately represented by aproscenium, he knows quite wellthat Dr Meyernold is a regisseur orstage manager of a high order.M. Bakst should try to speakwith respect of those leading menwhom he found at work in thetheatre when he casually enteredone day into the scenic room of atheatre.&amp; M. Bakst also talks of Mr Craig's44 art of cubes ". What this can meannone of us can say. We know of no44 art of cubesM. Bakst continues :44 I have done much to abolish44 the old spectacle, and I have pro* 44 ved that people no longer listen" to the author. "To abolish is good sometimes,and to prove is always good. ButM. Bakst has done neither the onenor the other. He has made a sen- sation, and that is quite an achie- vement. And now he threatens tobecome notorious,.... and that isquite a different matter.His scenic and costume effects,allied as they were to the old fa- shioned Theatre, were brilliant andunique. He now joins the Futurists,and becomes one of a crowd.Listen to the following: ....is itnot almost the voice of Slgnor Ma=rinettl ? " The triumphant success" attained by the music-halls and44 the cinematographs leads one to44 conclude that 11-e spectacle of the44 future will be &lt; i a kalaidoscopic%'• nature... something like a ride in" a motor car or an areoplane, or44 a walk amidst a crowd hurrying44 along with feverish haste. The44 emotions produced among the4( spectators at the cinema are a" proof of the defeat of the spoken44 word by the picture. There is no44 need for it.And again, 44 Another form of44 Intelligence is destined to reign44 upon the stage. Formerly Intel- ' ligence was of a cerebral nature. 44 In future it will be of a plastic44 nature. Great truths, great duties,44 follow no beaten track. The thea- -44 tre will arrive at great duties,44 great truths, by plastic spectacles44 without the collaboration of the44 man of letters, which is only ir- -44 ritating now. "Something like this we have alsoheard before: it did not originatewith M. Bakst.tIn fact M. Bakst appears to havetransformed himself from a skilfulstringer of beads into a phonographfor repeating the words and Ideasof other men,... only unfortunatelyhe garbles or weakens these by amere parrot-like repetition ; and inhis mouth the serious and significantwords by which men of long practi- cal experience and study expresstheir convictions become the merecatch words, the empty shibolethsof a shallow enthusiasm and a vola- tile taste. LE MARIAGE FORCE. jS&gt; see that a real play has beenacted in London lately.JZ? There are few better plays than44 Le Mariage Forc£, " but you musthave a company of first-class co- medians to plaj' it.For then happens a strange mi- racle,,.. it plays itself.It plays itself:... queer phrase. This and all such plays playthemselves when good comedianstake up the game, for a simplereason.&amp; They, or rather their family,practically wrote the play, so thewords come spontaneously to theirlips. To others it is a puzzle what tomake of such queer uniiterary scenes.To the actors it all comes naturally :they are but repeating what their fo- refathers the actors before Moli&amp;re'stime invented and repeated timeafter time,Before Moliere's time? Yes, cen- turies before.That old Joke about one ear onlybeing capable of hearing Frenchwhereas the other ear is for all otherlanguages,... that old joke, how old itis ! Centuries older than Greece pro- bably,... and when it was repeatedin Athens, in Syracuse, in Rome, inVenice and in Paris as the centuriesrolled on, what other form waspossible than the one we find writdown in Moliere ? None, of course.The actor has his way of making hispoint; a simple technique so differentfrom that of architect and musician.Except that the actor depends onsurprise first, on misleading thespectator and finally surprising himinto tears or laughter, whereas ar- chitect and musician do not depend on surprise ; there is but little ofit in elther's art and what there Isis subservient.Will actors also bring it to subser- vience in time and not depend onit? ...Would anything be gained?What are the requirements ofan art before it can pass examinationand be found Fine ?JG/ Think over this question. It wasput some years ago to you, andit will be found In future to berepeatedly put to you until the rightanswer comes, and then,... eccola!....The Fine Art.W'e should have liked to see" Le Mariage Force " in London. FROM " GOSSIP REPORT. "a number of tilings MrGordon Craig seems to be doing!In Paris, at the Theatre du VieuxColombier he seems to have beenresponsible for the setting of thenew play. The "Pall Mall Gazette"puts it thus: "Mystery and Dignityare lent by the Gordon Craig settingof the scenes. It is the first publicconsecration in Paris of the talentof Ellen Terry's son ": and the" Daily News" says: "The distinctivenote of the enterprise was clearlystruck in the mounting, in whichthe methods of Mr Gordon Craigwere employed with moderation,ingenuity, and admirable effect." In London, too, relative to thenewly established Children's Theatre,Mrs Percy Dearmer, speaking care- fully, said, according to the " PailMall Gazette, " 44 Quite a number ofwell-known theatrical people, inclu- ding Mr Gordon Craig, have lenttheir aid in preparing for the greatday when the Children's TheatreopensSimilar news of his activitiesreach us from various other places,relative to various other schemes,....and, all this without his havingvisited these places or heard aboutthe undertaking!In fact, were the newspapers tobe credited, Mr Craig might well,like Katerfelto, have 44 his hair onend at his own wonders " so manyand varied are the pies in whichthe theatre cooks claim he has hada finger.But why do they set about thesesilly stories ? Is it the old case ofJacob and Esau, and are they hoping,by hiding their own hands and clai- ming that the cooking and the voiceare alike that of another, to winthe blessing of the spirit of thetheatre, ....(represented in such acase by the spirit of popular success)on the dish which they have pre- pared and now serve up upon thestage ? ART &amp; THE MIDDLE CLASSES.jyir Algernon Grelg, in a grandjumble of ideas, delivered an ad- dress to the Liverpool Playgoers onthe subject of "Is it worth whilegoing to the Theatre?"While asserting that " Art mustbe governed by autocratic notions, "he prophesied that " the middleclass man will never be very arti- stic " and proceeded to keep themiddle class man in view all thetime: he then separated the 41 veryartistic circle " from the circle ofthe middle class man.JZ? He said that the very artisticcircle would like a very artisticTheatre but that the middle classman would not.And still he kept his eye fixedon the middle class man.JZ? We gather from all this that hehad once done the middle classsome Injury, for as Seneca andTacitus are agreed, 44 It belongs tohuman nature to hate those youhave injured ".j£&gt; 44 It is a tough proposition totackle the middle class " said thelecturer, and much more in thesame strain.Now what has the Middle "Classdone to Mr Algernon Greig,... or heto it... that he takes so much noticeof that class ? A FREQUENT QUESTION. WHEN ARE WE GOING TO SEE SOME OF GORDON CRAIG'S FINISHEDWORK ON THE STAGE ? &amp; &amp; &amp; £&gt; &amp; Mr Craig*s Reply as given in his recent Book. \y®«. you shall have the finished work when 1 have dragged my*ma- terials front your million hands which cling to it like tentacles. Youshall have the finished work when 1 have forced the fools who hindereveryone of us artists to realise, that they made a mistake to laugh atwhat they had not even the right to praise... to try and misunderstandwhat they have not even the power to forget.We and y0u..., we the artist, you the men and women who work...we have been and still are being swindled by the most damnable monsterthat ever finally found its way into a zoo. Its father was Lazyness, itsmother Conceit, and it controls London, Paris, Berlin, and New York. Ithas no sense, no strength, no blood, no brain; yet it has a lot of money...and through this money it pretends to strength and sense, and too manywomen and men humour its pretensions.44 I put woman first, for women could, and won't, settle the fate ofthis Earth-worm." Is there a single woman on earth who, reading this, will have thecourage to release herself from the tyranny of the almighty and mightyweak power of the Dollar ? Is there one woman out of all womankindwho can and will put her power to the controlling of this amazing andtenth-rate monster ?JS/ 44 The Rhine gold, it was a true thing... no fable. So said a womanonce to me. So feels many a woman today. Let them remember thatthere are other true things ...and the truest is that the world looks tothem to serve the cause of Beauty before the cause of votes; and thatthey have it in their power to do so, by destroying the brat Uglinesswhich is created solely by the ill-directed power of money.44 So will they give new life to the whole world... to the whole world. "" Towards A New Theatre. " HUMSOUVENIR.A CIS &amp; Q A LA TEA.MASQUE OF LOVEby Gordon Craig.A few copies of this " Souvenirissued in 1902, and now extremelyrare, may be procured fromTHE MASK P UArena Goldoni. Florence. Italy.WRITE FOR PARTICULARS. ■BarBOOKS.Over 1000000 Volumes in stockin strictly classified order on everyconceivable subject. Secondhand athalf=price, New at 25 ojo discount.Drama, Elocution, Acts, Plays etc.Special Department for Music.Cat. 802 Post Free. State Wants.Books and Music sent on approval.Also Purchased. Best Prices given.W. &amp; J. FOYLE.121-123 Charing Cross Road.London W. C. TELEGRAMS, "FOYLIBRA" LONDON LIVING THEATREPRICE ONE SHILLING NET.AN ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET ABOUTTHE GORDON CRAIG SCHOOLAND ITS JOURNALTHE MASKRecentlyPublishedSecond Edition Now Ready.Order through any Bookseller, or fromThe Society of The Theatre.7 , John St Ade Ip hi. London.or direct fromARENA GOLDONI, FLORENCE, ITALY. SCHOOL FOR THE ART OF THE THEATREDirector: E. Gordon Craig.SEND POST CARD FOR PARTICULARS.TO THE SECRETARY.%ARENA GOLDONI -i FLORENCE. TWO BOOKS ON THE THEATRE.• \by Edward Gordon Craig.ON THE ART OF THE THEATRE.HEINEMANN 1911.TOWARDS A NEW THEATRE.DENT. 1912.AFTER THE PRACTICE THE THEORY" Most people begin with theory, and go 0n... if they go 0n... to carrytheir theory into practice. Mr. Gordon Craig has done a betterthing, and, having begun by creating a new Art of the Stage onthe actual boards of the Theatre, has followed up his practicaldemonstration by a Book of Theory, in which he explains what hehas done, telling us also what he hopes to d 0.,,ARTHUR SYMONS ill •' STUDIES IN SEVEN ARTS. "ORDER THROUGH ANY BOOKSELLER. FOR THE CHILDREN."Ein Rieines Buch fur Klein e Leuie "Twenty wood engravings and twentyverses by Fritz Endell, &amp;There are only one Hundred and Twentycopies of this book, all are hand-colouredby the artist. Order from Job . Aug. Beck. Munch en . THE GOLDONI BOOKS.SKETCH BOOKS* DRAWING BOOKS, PAINTING BOOKS ANDWRITING BOOKS, FOR ARTISTS, WRITERS AND LADIES.These Books, are made of fine Italian Papers, and bound in vellum orin boards covered with papers upon which designs, floral or conventional,are hand-printed in colours. &amp;The beauty and charm of these books must be seen to be realized*" These are pages to turn and finger with delight:" covers bright andvaried with colour and fresh design ; sizes 4&lt; uncumbersome to the nicesthand. "« »Write for particulars to The Mask Publishers'ARENA GOLDONI, FLORENCE, ITALY THE FORUM.is printing the most brilliant andenduring work of the menand women whobe the classics ofto-morrow.STORIES : ESSAYS : CRITICISM PHILO-SOPHY : POLITICS ; POETRY : DRAMA.MITCHELL£ New York &amp; London *&gt;Three months trial subscription two shillings T H E MOSHER BOOKS.'"jpME special literary value of my general Catalogue has given it a uniqueposition in the world of book-snaking for book-lovers.&amp; Prom year to year these Catalogues have been issued with the viewof making known, as no other form of advertising could make known,The Mosher Books and what they represent in up-to-date bookcraft. Allpossible value has been put into these books by their publisher; so thatto-day they are the only style of genuine hand-made paper editions atpopular prices in America.Sent without charge to all who are interested in choice editions atmoderate prices.THOMAS B. MOSHER, PORTLAND, MAINE. POETRY AND DRAMA'T'HE founder and first editor of Poetry Review begs togive notice that he is now issuing a quarterly periodical,under the title POETRY AND DRAMA, on the same lines asThe Poetry Review during 1912, and with many of the samecontributors. •&lt;&amp; -2? X?&amp; The first four numbers of Poetry and Drama are atpresent in circulation. &amp;Poetry and Drama is the representative organ of the youn-ger movement in English Literature.^It is published at 35 Devonshire Street, Theobalds Road,London, W. C., on March 15th, June 15th, September 15th andDecember 15th, The price of a single copy is as. 6d. net- Theannual subscription is 10s. 6d. post free to all countries. Copiesare procurable and subscriptions may be purchased through allBooksellers and Newsagents.