The mask 1 5 July, 1908 naau_1908-07_01 The mask 1 5 Untitled Image Illustration 1 DESIGN FOR SCENE. GORDON CRAIG Illustration 4 CONTENTS 5 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF THE MERCHANT OF VENICE Edward W. Godwin. F. S. A cre 5-9 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 9 EALISM AND THE ACTOR. AN INTERNATIONAL 10-11; 13-14 Untitled Image Illustration 10 DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE. by GORDON CRAIG Illustration 11 TWO WORDS &amp; THEIR MEANING. W. Skeat, Professor of Anglo-Saxon In the University of Cambridge cre 14 THE MIMETIC ART LESSING Prose Works; Dramatic Notes. Nos. 101-104 cre 14 Untitled Image Illustration 14 INIOO JONES AND HIS MASQUES. J. Paul Cooper cre 15-18 Untitled Image Illustration 15 Untitled Image Illustration 15 Untitled Image Illustration 18 BOOK REVIEWS 19-22 Untitled Image Illustration 19 SH AKESP E All I? AN REP 19-20 THn STORY OF MY hI F H 20-21 THE BUTTERFLY QUARTERLY Published by George Wolfe Plank, 1126 Walnut Street, Philadelphia: U. S. A. Annual subscription, dollars 1.25. D.N. L cre 21-22 BOOKS, JOURNALS AND MAGAZINES 22 FOREIGN NOTES 22-23 Untitled Image Illustration 22 FLORENCE J. S cre 22 BERLIN R. S cre 22 PARIS J. de S cre 22 PHILADELPHIA MRS FISKE in AMERICA W P cre 22-23 Untitled Image Illustration 23 EDITORIAL NOTES 23-24 Untitled Image Illustration 23 Cinematograph serves a good purpose J. S cre 23-24 MASK OF THE LIAR. Illustration 24 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 25 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 26 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 26 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 26 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 27 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 27 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 27 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 27 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 I Vol. I. N.° 5. JULYI 9 0 8 THE MASKA MONTHLY JOURNAL OF THEART OF THE THEATRE EUROPEAN &amp; AMERICAN AGENTS. LONDON. D. J. RIDER 36 St Martin's Court. Charing Cross Road. W. C. J&amp; IBERLIN. SOLE GERMAN AGENT - SCHUSTER &amp; BUELEB. Nollendorfstiasse 31. W- !AMSTERDAM, KIRBERGER &amp; KESPER. 134 Rokin. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;BUDAPEST. NAG EL OTTO Miisenm-Koriit, sM O S C O U. "LA BALANCE" Office, Place du Theatre j0 jsrPHILADELPHIA. U . S. A. « THE BUTTERFLY " Office. na6 Walnut Street. FLORENCE, a LUNG' ARNO AC CIAIUOLI. &amp; &amp; &amp; ■&amp; &amp; PRICE ONE SHILLING, NET MONTHLY &amp; IJHAMLE TJI: have the pleasure of announcing the publication of an Edition of 44 Hamlet" whichwe believe will be without its parallel in the History of the European Stage. Edition will be printed on hand«made paper, the text of the Ist Folio will beadopted, and the De Vinne type used. This Edition will contain Text of the Play,Descriptions and Designs for each Scene, each Costume, each piece of Furniture used.It will also contain ground plans of each scene and full directions as to how to lightthe play. Every movement of the Actors will be noted at the side of the Text, andat times a design will help the student to the full significance of the movements. &amp;'"phe designs will be engraved upon wood, and in some cases otherwise reproduced,if not injurious to the beauty of the book as a whole.'phis Edition will be the work of Mr Gordon Craig, the reason impellinghim to such a task being the absense of any stage directions by Shakespeare,and the desire to give expression of what he considers to be the entire Artof the Stage Director. phe work will be a very large one", possibly stretching into three volumes. The size,will be that of 44 The Mask ". The first few pages will be found in the subscribers'copies of 44 The Mask " for 1908, but will not be found in the ordinary edition. Thework may be completed in 1909, when the full details of the edition will be announced.phose desirous of obtaining the entire book when ready, can apply by letter to thePublishers of 44 The Mask 44. The book will be an expensive one, and it is notlikely that a popular edition will be issued for some time. &amp; AIDVERTISEMENTS ADDRESS TO " THE MASK " ADVERTISING OFFICE: 8 BORGO S. JACOPO &amp;&amp; &amp; FLORENCE &amp;IT A L OR TO THE LONDON., GERMAN, OR OTHER AGENTS -m m wvr' m m A W Fr" THE JOURNAL OP THE ARTi S 2 I w ft I A W OF THE THEATRE.I St * IW I /Jk %1% VOLUME ONE, No. FIVEIIA I ▼ II I4wil m JULY, 1908. THE ARCHITEC- TURE AND COS- TUME OF THEMERCHANT OFVENICE &amp; THE ARCHITEC- TURE AND COS- TUME OF THEMERCHANT OFVENICE &amp; &amp; THE ARCHITEC- TURE AND COS- TUME OF THEMERCHANT OFVENICE &amp; THE ARCHITEC- TURE AND COS- TUME OF THEMERCHANT OFVENICE &amp; INIGOJONESAND HISMASQUES.^ INIGO JONESAND MISMASQUES.,# INIGO JONESAND HISMASQUES,^ &amp; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp; GERENTE RESPONSABILE, GINO DUCCI &amp; IT H E MASK.IAMONG THE WRITERS &amp; ARTISTS CONTRIBUTING TO THE MASK AREJOHN BALANCE &amp; ALEXANDER HEVESI JEAN JACQUES OLIVIERCARL BEHRENS &amp; H. von HOFMANNSTHAL WOLFE PLANKS &amp;ALLEN JAN van HOLT £? WILLEM ROYAARDSQUNNAR CASTREN J&amp; EDWARD HUTTON JSf WILL ROTHENSTEINOORDON CRAIO £&gt; ANDREAS JYNGE OTTO RUNG J0 £&gt;J. PAUL COOPER ELLEN KEY j0 RUDOLPH SCHMERZ &amp;ISADORA DUNCAN 0 JAN KLAASSEN MARTIN SHAW &amp;A. F R I E D E N TH AL FRITZ LAPIDOTH ELLEN TERRY &amp;LOUIS FULEP £&gt; &amp;D. NEVILE LEES Jcf E.THESLEFF &amp;ADOLF FURST &amp; J&amp; M. LYKIARDOPOULOS JAN C. de VOS &amp; &amp;JULIUSZ GERMAN jS&gt; HALDANE MACFALL &amp; PHILIP WAHLSTROMIVO HAUPTMANN &amp; NEUWERT H. WILSON. j£&gt;STEPHEN HAWEIS jOC.NICHOLSON &amp; HELEN ZIMMERN " THE MASK" HAS CORRESPONDENTS IN THE FOEEOWING CITIESAMSTERDAM £&gt; &amp; THE HAOUE &amp; &amp; ROME j£f £&gt; 0BERLIN &amp; j&amp; HELSINGFORS £&gt; j&amp; SAN FRANCISCO £&gt;BUDA P E S &amp; J0 LONDON 0 &amp; STOCKHOLM £?COPENHAGEN £f &amp; MADRID VIENNA &amp; £&gt;DRESDEN &amp; &amp; MUNCHEN WARSAW &amp; &amp;DUBLIN PARIS j0 &amp; WEIMAR j&amp; &amp; &amp;FLORENCES &amp; £&gt; PHILADELPHIA &amp; jzr SPECIAL NOTICE. &amp;nphe August and following numbers of " The Mask " will contain a series of " Letters fromGordon Craig to his Mother " written from Italy. The replies, " Letters from EllenTerry to her Son " will be published shortly afterwards. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;VRADIV \ England, 16 Shillings I Italy, 17 Lire, jci i ocrDiDTiAM Germany,l6 Marks | Russia 8 Roubles POST FREESUBSCRIFI lON I America&gt; 4 Dollars | France 20 Francs. )&gt;ORDER FORMTo the Editor, (or)To Mr. BooksellerAddressPlease put down my name as a subscriber to "The Mask" for one year, or six monthscommencing with the number, in payment of which subscription, including postage,1 enclose the sum of SignedAddress jgf Printed for the Proprietor by E. Morandi, Tipografia Bodonlana, Via Plntl, Florence, and published at The Office2 Lung'Amo Acciaioli DESIGN FOR SCENE. GORDON CRAIG CONTENTS AFTER THE PRACTISE THE THEORY^ " THE MERCHANT OF VENICE ": AN ARTICLE by E. W. GODWIN. (Continued) £&gt; SOME SAYINGS by GOETHE. " REALISM &amp; THE ACTOR: ANINTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM. £&gt; TWO WORDS AND THEIR MEANING. je&gt; THE MIMETICART: LESSING. &amp; INIGO JONES AND HIS MASQUES by J. PAUL COOPER. BOOKREVIEWS. 4? FOREIGN NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES. Of ENGRAVINGS by GORDONCRAIG. 4? J. OLIVER. &amp; C. TICKETTS. 4? CHARLES BORROW &amp; OTHERS. 4&gt; 4? THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUMEOF THE MERCHANT OF VENICE by Edward W. Godwin. F. S. A. (Continued) I said, at the commencement of my notes on this play, that in fixing 1590 as the date ofthe action there was a reason which would appear later on. The 4&lt; reason " lies beforeme as 1 write, in the form of a small thick book, bound in well-worn crimsonvelvet, cut on cloth of gold, and of that large counter«changed pattern Veronese and Tintorettodelighted to paint. On the title=page I read, " Ahiti Antichi, et Moilerni di tntto il Mondo.Di Cesare Vecellio. " The letter of dedication is dated at Venice, October 9, 1589, or justone year before the date I have assigned to the play. The work is divided into twelve books,making a total of 505 pages; of these, 228 belong to the first book, which is devoted to thecostumes of Italy, and 81 of these to the then modern costumes of Venice. These 81 illustrationsmay therefore be accepted as unquestionable authorities, but of the correctness of the antiqueI entertain considerable doubt, and many of the examples, though modern,seem to me to demand verification. However this may be, one cannot but recognise theenormous value of such a work, and with this book in one's hand, the paintings and printsin our public galleries and the materials at South Kensington to refer to, error in the costumeof the Merchant of Venice would be quite inexcusable, for it must arise either from sheercarelessness or childish incompetency to handle the facts. jg? &amp;Of other authorities besides Vecellio we have, before all, Tintoretto, who died in 1594, andwho was 78 years old when the Merchant of Venice was written; Bassano, who died in 1592,was 80 years old at the time; Zelotti was 58; Allori and Rubens were both boys of 13.Veronese had been dead two years, Moroni twelve, Titian fourteen, and Bordone nineteen,before the play opens. 1 should therefore be inclined to limit the range of authorities forVenetian costume to—Vecellio . . 1589Tintoretto. . 1512—1594Bassano . . 1510—1592 Nat. Gall., 173.Zelotti . . 1532—1592 Nat. Gall., 595*Veronese . . 1528—1588 Nat. Gall., 26, 268, 97.There are also four folio plates, drawn and engraved by J. Amman, representing the processionof the Doge, which may be consulted as explanatory of the subject shown in the 148 th engravingin Vecellio (1). &amp; JI?Of the cqstume of the main land, of the ambassadors of foreign States, of the traders ofdivers nations, from the north, south, east, and west, who flocked to Venice, Vecellio maybe taken as an authority in some measure; but wherever possible, it would be well to testthe Venetian by reference to sculptures, paintings, engravings, or embroideries executed by the people to whom he refers. For instance, the Donna Nohile delta China is pure invention,and the same may be said of some of the other illustrations of the dress of nations far removedfrom the waters of the Adriatic. Taking the characters in the order they occur in the listof the dramatis persona? we have— &amp; &amp; &amp;The Duke of Venice. There are two illustrations in Vecellio of a " modern " Doge, one 4 1/2inches high the other only 114 inch. Comparing both with Amman's engraving and contemporarypaintings, we find the dress to consist of an ermine cape or tippet reaching to the elbow,shaped with a slight upright collar, entirely open from the throat downwards, and havingsix large buttons on the left edge. These buttons were sometimes very costly, and alwaysimportant features. Benvenuto Cellini (ob. 1561) made some of gold, set with precious stones.And in Amman's engraving the button has four stones set round it and one mounted inthe centre (1). Under the cape appears a robe or cloak, with a train. In Vecellio's procession(p. 128) the train is borne by one of the Doge's esquires, whilst another holds over him thecanopy of state—a large heavy umbrella sort of structure, shown in detail by Amman. Therobe is covered with a large rich pattern of conventional branch and leaf, and a similarpattern is seen on the gown. This last-named garment nearly touches the ground, has largeopen sleeves reaching below the knee, is trimmed with fur, is open down the front, andgathered in at the waist by a belt. On the head was worn the curious horn-shaped biretta,which is the great distinguishing mark of the Doge in works of art subsequent to the Byzantineperiod, and beneath this a closely-fitting white cap, coming down under it so as to coverthe ears and the back of the head. Strings were attached to the front edges of this cap,sometimes tied under the chin, but often allowed to hang loose. The ordinary or everydaybiretta was of red velvet with a deep border of gold embroidery. The State ones hadJewelled borders, and crests of gold knobs or jewels on the top of the border and edgingthe central line or seam from the front to the back. But we must not suppose that theDoge of Venice had only one dress. Besides the State full dress above noted, and othersregulated to various occasions by the etiquette of the time, there were gowns and mantlessuited by their material to the various seasons of the year. The dress, however, whichShakspere's Doge would have worn would most probably have been a gown and robe ofcrimson (purple) velvet, embroidered with gold or cut on cloth of gold. But whatever thecolour of the robe may be—crimson and gold, white and gold, white and silver. &amp;c.—thebiritta must be of the same colour and material, except only in its deep border or band,which is chiefly of cloth of gold woven with an Eastern pattern, probably made in Damascus;although on great State occasions we sometimes find this band set with jewels. The tippetwas part of the full dress, and would not be worn in the play, or indeed except on veryimportant days, such as when the chair of State was borne aloft before the Duke. &amp;jz? The Prince of Morocco, dressed like other noble Moors, would wear a loose and full whitecotton gown with capacious sleeves and high neck, girded with a sash of delicate craps- like material full of coloured stripes and gold, the ends of which were deeply fringed andhung as low as the knee. On his head he would wear a spotlessly white low turban, shapedlike a small pillow, bound round the centre with a broad band. The skirt of his dress would betucked through his girdle, hanging therefrom in irregular an graceful folds nearly to theground. On his legs appeared red Morocco buskins: and his shoes were of leather of anothercolour, both often richly embroidered with gold and silver. Large rings of gold dependedfrom his ears, and across his breast glittered his leathern sword belt, loaded, I might almostsay clogged, with precious stones (" ad pectus uerb fascia gemmis magni precii onustainter currit "),&amp; The Prince of Aragon would be dressed like a noble in the Court of the King of Spain, forAragon was no longer an independent kingdom, but had been united to Castile, to whichGranada and, in 1512, Navarre were also added. The most important points to be noted inthis costume is the shortness of the trunks, which are only just visible below the doublet,the short cloak, and the increased length of the skirt of the doublet. Ruffs appear roundthe neck and wrists, and on the head a tall bag-like hat with very narrow brim. The cloakwas usually of " purple " (crimson) silk or velvet lined with costly material, sometimesrichly embroidered with gold. It was worn occasionally with a hood, and was often wrappedround the breast in a careless-looking but eminently artistic manner. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; Bassanio, described in the text as a lord and a fit suitor for the hand of the Lady of Belmont,is one of the nobles of Venice, and would be dressed in doublet, trunk hose to below theknee, stockings and shoes, and over all in the house a houpelande, with hanging sleeves ofmuch the same shape as that worn in the fifteenth century. (Compare Vecellio, p. 86, andMS, Bib. Nat. Girart de Nevcrs, an illustration from which is given in the DictionnaireRaisomie du Mobilier, vol. iii. p. 466) But abroad he would change the over garment forthe large-sleeved gown or toga. The cream of the aristocracj', that is the chiefs or headsof the leading families, adopt, commonly, crimson for the colour of the under-dress, and blackfor the gown. If a noble is also one of the greater officers of the State, the sleeve is openits full depth, but otherwise it is closed tight round the wrist, not unlike the neck of asack. Gloves, having stiff wristbands attached, are worn or carried in the hand, and thecap is a plain, round, flat-topped, limp sort of pork-pie hat. The gown was shaped at theneck so as to produce a stand-up collar, and over one shoulder was worn the long narrowstrip which distinguished nobles and magistrates—altogether not a very picturesque costume.Solanio, Salarino, Gratiano, and Lorenzo may, on the other hand, be attired in eminentlypicturesque dresses. The long gown reaching to the feet, with its ugly baggy sleeves, formsno part of the ordinary Venetian habit. The scholars and young gentlemen wore shortcloaks, with collars, slashed doublets thick set with buttons down the front, slashed sleeves,rather easy in the upper part, but tight in the forearm, slashed trunk hose, with three orfour buttons at the side of the knee, stockings, and light slipper-like shoes. Round the neckthey wore ruffs like that adopted in Spain, France, England, and indeed all Western Europe,in the last quarter of the sixteenth century. The hat or cap was a tall bag-like structure, witha stiff narrow rim. They wore ruffs at the wrist, and carried swords. &amp; &amp;&amp; Antonio, the Merchant of Venice, with whom we may also class Shylock (1) and Tubal, forthe difference between them was only in the colour of their caps, would be attired like anyother merchant, i.e. in doublet, trunk hose, stockings, and shoes, old men wearing over alla gown reaching to the heels, with sleeves tight in the lower arm and loose above. Thegown was fastened in front from top to bottom with buttons and button holes sewn inbraids, and the skirt was open at the sides, fastened by four or five buttons at the bottomlikewise on braids. It was girded at the waist with a silk sash having small tassels dependingin front. Over the dress, gowned or not, was worn a large cape or short cloak of silk orbrocade, light or heavy according to the season, with a collar as before mentioned. Roundthe neck the merchant wore a ruff, and ruffs again appear at the wrists. The cap wassometimes high and hat-shaped, with a narrow brim, and sometimes flat and largely projectinglike the modern Scotch cap. Like also to the nobles and other Venetian gentlemen, theyindulged in the luxury of gloves. The Jew was distinguished from the Christian by beingcompelled to have his cap made of a tawny yellow material, sometimes so tawny as to appearalmost like a faded red. &amp;&amp; Launcelot Gobbo, as the Jew's servant, would not be a servant in livery, but would have aplain doublet, not unlike a Norfolk shirt in general outline, trunks, stockings, shoes, anda high cap with narrow brim. As Bassanio's servant, he would be in livery like Leonardo,or Balthazar and Stephano, servants to Portia, whose doublets would be covered with guards,or braids and buttons set very closely together. &amp;Old Gobbo would wear a kind of blouse with turn-over collar, cut down to the waist infront and tied together with two or three bows. The skirt would be open at the sides, beltedround the waist with a leathern strap, and beneath it would appear the ends of loose breeches,bare knees, turn-over coarse stockings, and tied shoes. The neck and throat were bare. as the daughter of a rich merchant of Venice, would be dressed in the ordinarycostume of a Venetian gentlewoman. A tightly-fitting body, square cut neck before andbehind, waist high at the sides and coming down low to a point both before and behind;the body laced across a stomacher; frilled shoulder-pieces; sleeves loose above, and lightlyfitting to lower arm; lawn or cambric ruffs at the wrist; flowing skirt; a necklet of pearls;slipper-shaped shoes, raised on sloping chopines; front hair arranged in short massive curlson forehead, the rest strained back and done up in plait, from which depended the veil,that in the costume of a Jewess would be yellow. The dress was of no particular colour,and the skirt underneath was open in front, and tied together at intervals. &amp; M Portia would do her shopping probably at Padua, and would therefore follow the fashionsof the main land. The chief difference we have note of is the absence of the square-cutbody. Highnecked bodies, with fine cambric ruffs, was the every-day attire usually wornby Paduan ladies of noble birth. On state occasions, on festivals and at receptions, thedress, though still high on the shoulders, was open in front, terminating at a point a littleabove the waist. There is also a marked difference to be observed between the dress ofa maiden and that of a married woman, and there is no question that the Paduan ladies(wives or not) indulged in a considerably extensive wardrobe. So, too, there was more thanone mode of dressing the hair, (i) In some cases it was crimped, parted in the middle,brought round to the back over the ears, and rolled up ale grec, in others it fell looselydown the back an natnrel, confined, however, at the poll by a delicately-wrought band ortiara of goldsmith's work; but the more usual plan was to arrange the front hair in massivecurls, assuming comewhat the form of low horns, and carried down each side in smallercurls to the ears, the hair behind being strained (sometimes crimped), and fastened up intoa plait, with strings of pearls interwoven. From this plait depended the veil, which sometimesalso appears to have covered the head up to a point between the horned curls or rolls, overwhich it could be raised like a double hood. The veil itself was also worn in various ways,and as it was often arranged with the utmost grace, and made of the finest material—asort of silken gauze, enriched with gold, interwoven and even sometimes embroidered anddecorated further with pearls and gems—its lovely film-like effect, like an iridescent mist overthe rich materials of the gown, can be better imagined than described. The gown, withthe exception already noted, was cut like the Venetian dress, and was made of silk, brocadegold cloth, or costly velvet. Over the shoulders was worn a chain, usually of gold set withjewels, and suspending a large jewel or cross. The pouch or gipciere worn at the girdlewas not quite yet abandoned, and Portia may wear one or not as she pleases. In additionto this brides and married women wore a gold chain following the triangular lines of thewaist, and hanging down in front as low as the knee. Gowns with the skirt open up thefront and with loose hanging sleeves were also used by the " Sposa di Padoua. " Rings wereworn on the first, third, and fourth fingers. Earrings of pearls and jewels appear, andsometimes we see a string of pearls one end attached to the ear and the other looped upto the back hair. The veil is occasionally omitted, and a stiff semi circular collar of lace isseen standing up behind the neck and reaching as high as the poll. (2) Portia's stockingswould be of silk or the finest thread worked with clocks and even open seams. Her shoes,of slipper form, would be of morocco or of velvet embroidered with gold, cork being usedfor the soles. On her journey to Venice she would use a velvet mask or visor, and gloveshighly perfumed and embroidered with gold or silver. A pocket looking-glass, with ladiesof rank, was not an uncommon possession, and was sometimes set in the back of the fan,which was usually made of nine or more ostrich feathers, the handle set with pearls andjewels and fastened to the end of the girdle-chain, if the lady was married. Thepockethandkerchief was of large size, and of fine cambric, having an embroidered border,and a tassel at each corner. Finally, in going abroad ladies wore, in the winter and laterautumn, a mantle or pelisse over the gown, reaching to below the knee, open in front tothe neck, and with long, loose, open, hanging sleeves. Over this came the veil, and a roundvelvet hat with a broad brim completed the costume, whose chief glory consisted in its richlyembroidered or woven or cut patterns. &amp; &amp; &amp;Nerissa, " the waiting maid, " or, as we should now call her, the lady's maid—must bedressed as the confidential servant of a noble and wealthy lady, neither too rich nor yettoo poor. There will still be the ruffs at neck and wrists, but of less delicate material thanthose [on Portia; the skirt of the gown will be shorter than her ladyship's, and there willbe an absence of ornament, except perhaps as a border to the dress. She must wear a ringor two, and from her girdle would hang a pouch and huswife. She would also have a shortveil of plain lawn or cambric, which she might use as a hood, pinned under the chin.&amp; Of the costume of the scores of men and women, from the " magnificoes " and ambassadorsdown to the porters and beggars who might fill up the stage picture, Cesare Vecellio maybe consulted, for he gives us abundant illustrations of all sorts and conditions of men both foreign and native. There is one professional dress which, however, we must not forget tonote, and that is the official costume of a doctor of laws—the character assumed by Portiain the fourth Act. The D.C.L. of Padua wore a tight doublet, silk belt, trunk hose, andstockings, all of black; velvet in winter, silk in summer. Over these he put on his officialrobe or gown, ungirdled, having an upright collar and long capacious open sleeves reachingnearly to the ground. This was made of velvet, silk, or damask, covered with rich pattern,cut, embroidered or woven according to the nature of the material, (i) On his head he worea tolerably high cap, made with a narrow brim and a flat top, and on his feet were seenthe usual slipper-shoes. His clerk would wear a black cloth doublet, trunks, stockings, andruffs, but no robe or gown.In conclusion, we should remember that Portia has the golden hair so much admired at thattime, that the officials in a Venetian Court kept their hats on although in presence ofthe Doge, that the manners of the period were characterised by courtesy combined with astately dignified action, and that what we call stiffness of manner was then regarded asquite the correct thing. But modern actors and actresses rarely hold the mirror high enoughto reflect the mien, deportment, or bearing of the men and women of a past age. The airor look of gentlemen and ladies during the great period of the Renaissance can be ascertainedfrom the documents and the pictures of the time, and if an actor fails to reproduce it heis not fitted to play in the comedies of the great dramatist of that period. Correctness ofcostume, and properties, and furniture is all very well, but if, through it all, we see nineteenthcentury action, modern style, the mode of Robertsonian society, or the special graces andcharms which are the delight of our own time, hut which would have been looked on asantics, or at the least as bad form, in the Courts of Philip or Elizabeth, then the picturemust be discordant, and the dramatic representation wofully incomplete. &amp; SOME SAYINGS OF GOETHE is an interpreter of the inexpressible; and it therefore seems a folly to try to conveyits meaning afresh by means of words. &lt;£&gt;'jphe sight is the finest of the senses. The other four teach us only through the organs ofcontact; .... we hear, feel, smell and touch everything by means of contact; but thesense of sight stands far higher, is refined above the material and approaches the mind itself,gtrictly speaking, nothing is theatrical but that which is at the same time symbolicto the eye. &amp;belongs by rights to the history of Poetry; in the history of the Theatrehe only appear casually. A 111 hotit i e $ * The costumes* The Duke ofV cni e e» &amp; The Prince ofMorocco. &lt;£? The Prince ofA r agon. &lt;€* B as s a nil). Solauio, Satarino, Graiiano A:Rorenzo. &amp; Auto u i o &amp;sliyl o c k, &lt;&amp;&gt; B a u 11 c e 1 o t, Jessl c a • &amp; Netis 3 a, &amp; Portia . M The mannersof the period. (i) At Hampton Court is a curious painting by Fialette, representing the English Ambassador, Sir Henry Wotton, Inaudience with the Doge, that would be useful in many ways to any one preparing this play for the stage. (l) They were about the size of a walnut, sometimes globular and sometimes shaped like a pine apple. (1) The gaberdine is only the Spanish word for his gown. (1) False hair (as the text shows) was by no means unusual.(2) Venetian point was highly esteemed. Some specimens are In the Entrance Corridor at South Kensington. (1) All the patterns cut on velvet or In brocade and damask were large. I have seen none which could be drawn withinless compass than 12 Inches square. EALISM AND THE ACTOR.AN INTERNATIONAL DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE. by GORDON CRAIG 'Jphe series of visits which the Sicilian Players are payingto all the European capitals, exhibiting an unfamiliarphase of realism In theatrical art which is almost primitivein character, has once more called public attention to certainquestions as to the relation between realism and the stage.Believing that we could best serve the interests of thetheatre by collecting and publishing expert opinions onRealism and the Actor we framed three questions to which we solicited answers from some of the students of the Theatre. . &amp; &amp; &amp;We may perhaps be excused in saying that our questions are made as simple as possible,so that the mind of the English reader shall not be confused. The outcry raised in some ofthe English journals against the Realism of the acting of the Sicilians, and of Signora MimiAuguglia's performances in particular, gives us reason to believe that it was time to havea clear definition of what Realism in acting consists of, and whether it is a wise andbeautiful thing to see upon a stage, shown in the same way as we see it in Painting andLiterature.In the last number of " The ZVlask " we printed the replies of Signor Tommaso Salvini,Mr Sidney Grundy, M. Antoine, Mr. H. Beerbohm Tree, Mr Carl Hentschel, Mr ArthurSymons, M. Andre Beaunier, Fraulein Gertrude Eysold, Herr Hermann Bahr, Miss Loie Fullerand M. Jan Klaassen. We repeat the questions, and publish some further replies this month. THE QUESTIONS. L Do you consider Realism in acting to be a frank representationof human nature? jg?IL In your opinion should the Actor be allowed the same libertyin his expression of the Passions, as is permitted to theWriter or the Painter? &amp; &amp; &amp;111. Do you think that Realism appeals to the General Publicor only to a limited section of Playgoers? THE ANSWERS. £? Gordon Craig Forte de'MarmiI. . Yes. Realism is exactly this:.... a frank representation of human nature. The modernWriters and Painters attest to this by what they write of and paint, and by the wayin which they write and paint it. &amp;11. And because the Realists attempt to represent nature so frankly, (which Franknessthey call Truth and which generally borders upon Brutality) and because this Franknessis no Fruit, no Blossom, but merely the roots of a new Growth, so I believe that theActor will never ask for the same liberty as the Writers and Painters of today that hemay give these Brutalities their " counterfeit presentment" with all accuracy of detailat command.I can call to mind no actor so lacking in intelligence as to desire to present with allits actuality the moment of Death as expressed by the modern Realist in Literatureand Painting,.... or the moments of Love as expressed by these same frank and most,most blind, leaders. jg?The Realists may claim that they are not concerned so much with the subjects theytreat of as with the manner in which they treat these subjects. If so, then is it a mostextraordinary fact that the realists only concern themselves with what is ugly orBrutal and always with what the Idealists have given so much thought to veil. &lt;£? The question you forgot to put us is whether the Public would allow the Actor toexpress the same feelings and the same incidents as both Idealistic and Realistic writershave somehow or other won the right to express. &amp;What is the difference between the picture and the word and the living breathingactuality? Why, even the Public that sits in the Pit of a Theatre feels the differenceand would refuse to let the Actor reveal what it allows Milton and Rabelais to reveal.Then how can there be a shadow of doubt that the Actor not only should not bepermitted the same liberty as the Writer or Painter, but actually is not permittedthat license? &amp; *&amp; &amp; &amp;111. Realism is a vulgar means of expression bestowed upon the Blind. Thus we have theclear-sighted singing," Beauty is Truth, Truth Beauty,.... that is all ye know on earth,and all ye need to know ". The Blind are heard croaking, " Beauty is Realism, RealismBeauty,.... that is all I know on earth, and all I care to, ...don't cher know". &amp;The difference is all a matter of love. He who loves the Earth sees Beauty everywhere:he is a god transforming by knowledge the incomplete into the complete. He can healthe lame and the sick, can blow courage into the weary, and he can even learn howto make the blind see. The power has always been possessed by the Artist,.... who,in my opinion, rules the Earth.It is quite likely that Realism may appeal at one period to the Public and not atanother period, The Public is not concerned with the quest of knowledge; no, noteven with the wisdoms of wisdom, that simple everyday atom of Truth which waits, unseen,everlastingly everywhere. The Public is concerned with the quest of money,.... and,with money, that fat and brutal power to Revenge which it can bring... that powerto give like a Lady a handshake when a kiss is too little; that power to give likea Lord ten pounds to a " por beggar ", and that power to give a little charity when onlylove is enough. &amp; &amp; And so long as the Public is made up of this class of monstrousmeanness,.... of that which gives half or three quarters instead of all, so long will itlove its Realism, which is the short measure or meanness of the Artist. Anyhow, there is nothing which need cause Playgoers anxiety; there is no need forthem to feel depressed;... furious, if you like, but depressed? not a whit: for thelimited section of Playgoers who love Beauty and detest Realism is a small minorityof about six million souls. They are scattered here and there over the earth. Theyseldom, if ever, go to the modern Theatre. That is why I love them, and intend tounite them. Carlo Placci ■£? Florence1. Yes: but then it is not a work of art, for good acting ought to stand to real life asstatues stand to wax»work, or pictures to instantaneous photographs. Realism in itselfis not artistic. If anything, Super-Realism may be artistic, because it is a sort ofPlus-Lfife, Life on intellectual stilts. *&amp;&amp;&amp;&lt;&amp;&amp;ll® iNo: for the Actor is not the only factor concerned on the stage. Whilst the Writer's orthe Painter's work is an end to itself, the Actor's work is only part of a bigger schemein which other artistic elements enter, independent from him. Is Man the central figureof Creation? Is the Actor the principal feature of the Stage? &amp; &amp;111. Realism appeals exclusively to the vulgar crowd on account of the no effort and no cultureit requires to be grasped. On the other hand an artistic rendering, which has nothingto do with Realism, appeals to the limited group of playgoers who have good taste.Only Super=Realism, for different causes and in different doses, can appeal both to thegeneral public and to the select few. Alexander Hevesi BudapestI. Realism is also an Art for the representation of human nature. This art consists inlaying stress on what is special in the human. That is why Realism always appearswhen Art has become fossilised into formalism. Realism is to regain a hold 011 life forArt, but after it has refilled itself with life it then strives to overcome the specialisation,that is to say, details, (for every true Art is symbolic), and endeavours to form patterns;that is to say, it wishes to return to " style. " The modern tendency in Art, and whatwe are all striving after, is to conquer Life through Art. &amp; &amp; 11. Poets and Painters are limited by their materials. The same law pertains for the Actor.In the first place his limitation is through material, that is to say, through speech.Further there is another limitation for him. The Actor does not stand alone upon thestage. He is a part of the whole and this whole is represented by the Stage Manager.An Actor must become great through renunciation. &amp;HI. I believe that Realism is the Art of the Philistine. The naive public is a child, susceptibleto style. The true amateur desires style. The Philistine wants everything to be real..,,real trees, real walls and so on. These real things are always unreal things in Art...alien and hostile to Art: but the Philistine is no Artist: he has only senses and nofantasy. TWO WORDS &amp; THEIR MEANING. W. Skeat, Professor of Anglo-Saxon In the University of Cambridge, THEATRE JZ? jet 4?A French word, derived from Latin; the Latin word from Greek. Middle French, theatre;Dictionary ed. 1660. Derived from the Latin Theatrum, derived from the GreekBsoupov, a place for seeing shows, derived from the Greek Bsaopai, I see, Compare 9saa sight; see Prellwitz. &amp;DRAMA 4? 4? 4?A Latin word, derived from Greek; the Latin drama derived from the Greek Spajia (stemdpajiax), an act, a drama, derived from the Greek Spao), I perform. Compare Lithuaniandaran, 1 make, (root DAR. Derivatives, Dramatic, (from opapax); etc. 4? 4? THE MIMETIC ART LESSING Prose Works; Dramatic Notes. Nos. 101-104. have actors but no mimetic art. If in past times there was such an art, we have itno longer: it is lost, it must be discovered anew. There is enough superficial chatteron the subject in various languages, but special rules, known to everyone, pronounced withdistinctness and precision, according to which the blame or the praise of an actor can bedefined in a particular case, of such I scarcely know two or three. Thence it arises thatall our reasoning about this subject always seems so vacillating and dubious, and that it issmall wonder if the actor who possesses nothing but a happy routine, feels himself offendedby it in all ways. He will never think himself praised enough and will always believe himselfblamed too much; ay, he will often not even know whether he has been praised or blamed.Indeed the observation was made long ago that the sensitiveness of artists, with regard tocriticism, rises just in that ratio in which the certainty, precision, and number of theirprinciples regarding their art decline. This much in my own defence and in defence ofthose without whom I should not need to excuse myself. 4&amp; &amp; &amp; INIOO JONES ANDHIS MASQUES. by J. Paul Cooper rig°jones was born in the reign °f E,izabeth. his w°rk ■« En«iand sh°rt,y att«rthe accession of James I. to the throne, lived to see the civil war and died just before therestoration. He lived in an age when much was done and biographies were scarce. His namehas survived as an architect and a designer of Masques. Today he is probably better knownto the majority of people by his portrait which Vandyke painted than by his architecturalworks. To nickname him the " English Palladio " is to dismiss him with a second handcompliment, shorn of half his laurels. &amp; &amp; &amp;He was born in the year 1573. Sir Francis Bacon, Shakespeare, Spencer, ChristopherMarlow, Sir Philip Sydney, Sir Walter Raleigh, Robert Flood, Ben Jonson, Philip Massinger,Milton, Samuel Butler, John Locke and John Bunyan were his contemporaries. A Londonerby birth, he was christened in the church of St Bartholomew in the Cloth Workers' quarter,where annually the great cloth fair took place. His father, Ignatius Jones, was himself aclothworker. His son was, according to Walpole, apprenticed to a joiner. &amp; &amp;The first authentic information we have about Inigo Jones is that, at an early age, hewent to Italy to study landscape painting. It has been stated that he was sent there eitherby the Earl of Arundel or Pembroke, who had taken an interest in the boy, but he himselfstates that it was his love of study and travel that took him there, and does not hint atany patron. In Italy he became interested in Architecture and spent much of his timestudying and measuring the buildings. From Italy he was invited by Charles IV to Denmark,where he designed and built, it is said, the royal palaces of Rosenborg and Fredericksborg.When in the year 1605 he accompanied Ann of Denmark to the Court of James I, hisreputation was already made, he was at once appointed Architect to the Queen andPrince Henry and employed in the designs and decorations of the Court Masques. Hisfirst Masque was produced in the year in which he came over, in conjunction with BenJonson, who at the same time made his debut as a writer of Masques. In the same year hewas employed on the scenery and devices for three plays presented before the King. "Theyhired one, Mr Jones, a great traveller, who undertook to further them much and furnishthem with rare devices, but performed little to what was expected ". He all the samemade some innovations, for the writer of the letter in which this information is given goeson to state that he had an arrangement of " Columns moving about, so that three scenes weregiven in one tragedy ". But if the stage scenery did not come up to expectation, in theMasques expectation was surpassed. For several years to come Masque followed Masque,the jMasque of Hymen, The Masque of Queens, The Princes Masque and many others. Hewas appointed Prince Henry's Surveyor of Works, and then came in 1612 the death of PrinceHenry, " the glory of our own and the grief of other nations ", and Inigo Jones, after ar- ranging one more Masque, this time with Chapman, to commemorate the marriage of thePrincess Elizabeth with Frederic the Elector Palatine, finding himself free set off again forItaly, this time under the patronage of the Earls of Arundel and Pembroke. A devotedadmirer of Palladio, we hear of him taking a copy of his work about with him wherever he went.He returned to England on the death of Simon Basil, the surveyor general of the royalbuildings under James 1., and was appointed Surveyor in his place, being paid eight shillingsa day for his entertainment, eighty pounds a year for his " recompense of availed " and twoshillings and eight pence a day for his riding and travelling charges, the which sum wasafterwards increased. The Surveyor was required to superintend and repair the variouspalaces, devise alterations, and inspect works. Extra payments were made for work suchas that of repairing Ely House, for certain works carried out in the Star Chamber, and " formaking a Hearse for the Queen's funerall &amp; &amp; After the deaths of the Queen and Prince Henry, Masques were not in such great requisitionand Inigo Jones devoted himself chiefly to architecture. In 1619 he commenced the NewBanquefting Hall, Whitehall, which was burnt down shortly afterwards: he built the Chapelat Lincoln's Inn, the Chapel of the Infante, Somerset House which was destroyed of recentyears by a lesser architect, Sir William Chambers; he also built the water gate to the townhouse of Villiers, Duke of Buckingham. He was made one of the Commissioners for therepair of St Paul's Cathedral, which was begun in 1633 and put a stop to by the civil war.He built the theatre of Barber Surgeons, Monkswell St, began the Piazza of Covent Garden,a building with a red brick front, stone pilasters and red tiled roof, which years afterpassed under his name when the red brick had been covered with stucco and the red tiledroof replaced by slates. In 1631 he began the church of Covent Garden, of which the taleis told of how the Earl of Bedford, sending for the architect, explained to him how hewan led a chapel for the parishioners, but that he would not go to any considerable expense:" in short, 1 would not have it much better than a barn to which Inigo replied, " Youshall have the handsomest barn in England ". This church was his last architectural work.The civil war broke out and building stopped and the Masques ceased. Inigo Jones joinedthe royalist forces and was taken, sword in hand, at the Siege of Basing. He was fined andimprisoned. His outlook was gloomy; his office of surveyor, which he held under Charles I.after the death of James, if not extinct, was unpaid; when released from prison he hadno work and had to live on his savings, and these he, together with Nicholas Stone, thesculptor of the Monument to Sir Francis Vere in Westminster Abbey, buried in a privateplace near his house in Scotland Yard; but as four servants had assisted at the burial, hebecame fearful lest its resting place should be discovered and so dug it up and reburied itin Lambeth Marsh. He died just before the Restoration and was buried according to theregister of St. Bennets on June 16. 1152, &amp;Inigo Jones became a designer of Masques, as far as we know, in the prime of life, andprobably in them he gave some of his best work as an artist. &amp; &amp; &amp;The Masques were descended from the mystic performences of the past; their origin lies farback in the rites of the Eleusinian and other mysteries. The Mask, from the use of whichthe performances took their name, was originally used in dances to represent mythicalpersonages. As in the head dress of Egyptian deities the qualities of the god were represented,so in these dances the qualities of the deity would be exposed by the Mask worn by theperformer.The Masque was the root of all other dramatic performances, it contained all in embryo, itshadowed forth endless possibilities, but in itself it differed from all other forms of expression.It was all movement, and expressed, so to speak, the rhythm of the universe and appealedto and satisfied that craving we all feel for union with that rhythm. It was as changingas the sea, as nature herself. The words passing into song and the music urging on the dance,By means of movement they caused, in the beholder, an exaltation of his poetic nature.They were acted poems, poetry expressed in words, music, dance and scenic accompaniment.Like an orchestra of many different instruments, each one of which touches a differentchord in the hearer's heart, so that he is swept away and becomes as one with the performers,the Masque, by appealing to so many sides of man's nature and striking the same note oneach, brought him into tune with the masquers, and the whole hall, audience and performersalike, were as one instrument responding to the touch of the artist's hand, who wittinglyor unwittingly had touched a note to which all must respond. In the Masque, in fact, theaudience and the performers were as one; there is an intimate bond of union which is, attimes, expressed in the words of the Masque itself, and the members of the audience, asin the marriage Masques, often furnish the subject on which the Masque is constructed.The spirit of the more ancient Masques appears in the symbolic figures, the Greek andRoman deities, the Nature spirits, the Virtues and Vices that were introduced; they wereall symbols, and symbols are keys opening, for those who can use them, stores of knowledge.&lt;&lt;&amp; They were of immense advantage to the artist composing and arranging the Masques;forming a nucleus round which ideas clustered; they at once furnished the poet with asubject for his verse, the musician with a theme for his song, the designer and painterwith a groundwork for their scenes, and gave a direction to the feet of the dancers. Thesefigures had been moulded by the ages, and their symbolism stamped by generations of worshippers in the past. The audience was expected to recognize them and understandtheir significance. Their costumes like a coat of arms proclaimed their personality. Rumour,in a skin coat full of winged tongues; Curiosity and Error in a like coat, the one full of eyes,the other scaled like a serpent, with hair of curled snakes and a deformed vizard; Credulitywas painted over with ears. The Earth wore a grass green coat and mantle painted overwith trees, plants and flowers, and with an oak headdress. Water had a waved coat witha mantle full of fishes and a dolphin headdress. The Air was clothed in a skin coat witha mantle painted with birds, and with an eagle headdress. Fire wore a skin coat with amantle painted with flames and on the head a cap of flames with a Salamander inthe midst. In the Masques there was hardly any plot and hardly any episode. It was anallegory, a little vision, which approached the spectators, made its bow and with afew compliments vanished. 44 It was written for princes and by princes it was played ".44 Like a Good Comedy it required " as Mr Meredith says, 44 a society of cultivated men andwomen where ideas are current and perceptions quick ". Then you are shown 44 a worldenlarged to our embrace by imagination and by great poetic imagination ", a world in whichthe forces of nature take a mortal shape. It is not the individuals who move and singand dance; thej' are the Gods that rule men's destinies, the spirits of earth and air andwater, the symbols of men's passions, their virtues and vices. Apollo " who taught the Musesall their harmonies; " Jove,44 the power that governs and conserveth all earth, sea and ayre";Merecles, 44 great friend and servant of the Gods "; The Fates who spin and weave and cutthe thread of human destinies; Lethe, the giver of forgetfulness ; Atlas, 44 hoary and frosted ";Night with its dance of phantoms; Phosphorus, herald of the day, all move in the Masque. Whatopportunities are given the scenic artist with the House of Night, the triumph of Fame, thePalace of Neptune and the House of Prometheus, from which fiery spirits, clothed in flames,with fiery wings and 44 bearing in either hand a torch of virgin wax came forth dancing, " andwhat opportunities for the dancers in the dance of Phantoms, the dance of the Signs of theZodiac, the dance of the Winds, the dances of Witches, of Nymphs and Dryads. &amp; &amp;The Masque was produced by the combined aristocracy of birth and talent. Ben Jonsonfound expression in them for his learning, Milton gave in his Masque of Comus some of hisrichest verse. Lord Bacon, Whitelock and Selden invented the devices for the last greatMasque presented to Charles I, and composed the procession of Masques and Antimasques.The songs and dances were set to music and arranged by the most celebrated masters, andthe performers were often the highest in the land, the King and Queen themselves frequentlytaking part.The age in which they were performed was not an age of specialists. An artist was notdepreciated in any way because he could express himself in more than one material. Inigo Jonesbesides being an architect and designer of Masques was a writer of sonnets, a painter anda most capable draughtsman. Ben Jonson not only wrote Masques, but designed and producedthem himself. One Masque was designed by a master carpenter, another by a dancing master.The members of the court who so frequently took the chief parts in the Masque were taughtdancing and learned something of the actor's art as a necessary part of the education ofone called upon to take a leading part in courtly pageants. &amp; «&amp;This overlapping, so to speak, of craftsmanship, made for the great success of the Masque.The artist, while attending to his own branch of the work, understood as a fellow craftsmanwould, the aims and difficulties of his fellow workmen, and could further the one andhelp to overcome the other, in away that is almost impossible when each artist, bound upin his own work, fails to understand at a glance the technical difficulties another in anotherbranch has to deal with. Inigo Jones, as an architect, would find in the Masque a means ofexpressing himself in away that would otherwise be impossible, away that is unfortunatelydenied to modern architects. Like a Genie out of the Arabian Nights, he was endowedwith the power to raise magic buildings in a single night. The walls might be of jasper orrare marbles, there was no one to complain of the cost; the statues that adorned themwere of gold and silver in place of stone, and the windows gleamed like jewels by the aidof coloured lights. These buildings would be for the architect gigantic models in whichhe could try effects before he ventured them in brick and stone. It is difficult for us today torealise what effect they would have on the public, they would be so fresh and strange, a dreamwithin a dream, a work of art encased in a work of art. &amp; In the Masque of Queens which was written by Ben Jon son and designed by Inigo Jones, the former gives a description of theHouse of Fame. 44 First for the lower columns he chose the statues of the most excellent Poets," as Homer, Virgil, Lucan, etc. as being the substantial supporters of Fame. For the upper," Achilles, &gt;Eneas, Caesar, and those great Heroes, which these Poets had celebrated. All44 which stood, as in massie-gold. Betweene the pillars, underneath, were figur'd Land44 battailes, Sea fights, Triumphs, Loves, Sacrifices, and all magnificent subject of honour: in44 bronze and heightened with silver, in which, he protest to follow the noble description, made" by Chaucer, of the place. Above were sited the Masquers, over whose heads he devis'd two44 eminent figures of Honour, and Virtue, for the arch. The Freezes, both below, and above,44 were fill'd with several»coloured lights, like Emeralds, Rubies, Saphyres, Carbuncles, etc.44 the reflexe of which, with other lights, placed in the concave, upon the Masquer's habits," was full of glory. These habits had in them the excellencie of all device, and riches, and44 were worthily varied by his invention, to the nations whereof they were the QueensIn one of the scenes in the Lords Masque which Campion wrote and for which Inigo Jonesmade the designs there were four life sized statues of silver 44 standing in several niches,44 accompanied with ornaments of Architecture, which filled all the end of the house, andi44 seemed to be all of goldsmith's work. The first order consisted of pillasters all of gold, set44 with Rubies, Sapphyres, Emeralds, Opals and such like. The capitals were composed of a44 new invention. Over this was a bastard order with cartonses reversed, coming from the44 capitals of every pilaster, which made the upper part rich and full of ornament. Over every44 statue was placed a history in gold, which seemed to be of base releave, the conceits which44 were figured in them were these. In the first Prometheus embossing in clay the figure of44 a woman, in the second he was represented stealing fire from the chariot wheel of the44 sunne, in the third he is exprest putting life with this fire into his figure of clay, and in44 the fourth square Jupiter enraged, turns these new made women into statues. Above all44 for finishing ran a cornish, which returned over every pillar seeming all of gold richly carved."But Inigo Jones' work in connection with the Masques did not end with the designs for scenery,whether buildings, landscape, or seascape. He designed also the dances, the mechanicalappliances and planned the stage and the seating. The Masque had a short and brilliantreign. It was abandoned at the time of the Civil war not to be revived. Its fate seemed\intimately connected with that of Inigo Jones himself. It was introduced into England whenthe young architect returned to his native land with Ann of Denmark, it flourished as heflourished, and declined when he fell on evil days. It was a costly entertainment, butfrom all we hear was worthy of the money spent upon it. The writers of the time whomention it, all speak of it with enthusiasm. It supplied wants that we seek today, in otherways, to satisfy. It gave poetry, music, scenic display and dancing. We now go to booksfor poetry, to the opera or concert for music, to the theatre for scenic display, and to theMusic Hall for dancing. We specialize over much and we suffer for it. The actor is attimes drowned by his scenery, the dancer is almost lost in a variety entertainment, wedgedin between the turn of a juggler and of a ventriloquist. But we have no performance whichunites the arts and unites the audience in the same way as the Masques did. The music,the dancing, the colour of the changing scene were to the spectator as the flags and battlemarch of a great army. They quickened the blood, aroused the imagination, and stirredup noble thoughts, 44 for all representations "as Ben Jonson says,44 especially those of thisnature....ought always to carry a mixture of profit, with them, no lesse than delight. &amp;i His contem- poraries.^ First visit toItaly. &amp; His first Masque Second vis itto Italy. &amp; The Civil War. The origin ofMasques. &amp; Their charac- teristics. Symh o I i cfigure s. George Meredith An opportunityfor the scenicartist. An opportunityfor the architect. The Masque ofQueens. The I, or d sMasques The Reign ofthe Masque. BOOK REVIEWS SH AKESP E All I? AN REP RE-S&amp;ISTATION, ITS LAWS ANB LIMITS,by Percy Fitzgerald. Elliot Stock; London.6s Nett. jg?Tyjr Fitzgerald, who has devoted himselflYlfor many years to the study of thetheoretical representation of Shakespeare'splays, gives us the result of his investigationIn a series of interesting chapters on " TheReal Hamlet"; " Shakespearean Ghosts, Appa- ritions and Witches " Music and Dancing; "44 Modern Revivalists, " and the like.We are inclined, however, to question thefitness of the sub-title chosen by Mr Fitzgerald,for in our opinion he does not tell us theLaws, and rather widens than narrows theLimits. He tells us what Irving, BeerbohmTree and other producers have done and thenproposes to do other things, yet he does notsuggest giving the entire piece anothertreatment; but merely varying and elaboratingthe treatment which now prevails.Take, for example, his passage relating tothe procession of spirits in " Macbeth ". " The" very suggestion of the magic procession of" Kings impresses. It ought to be an ever" brilliant and imposing thing, the scene" changing to a glow of lights, with glitter and" effulgence. There should be music, too, as" directed ('hoboys') Yet it is always presented" in the most literal commonplace fashion. The" fellows tramp past. The figures should enter" among the trees, each after an interval..." not in a procession, as is so commonly shown," but after pauses, with a slow and saddened" gait. They should be misty, shadowy things." The witches then, seeing Macbeth depressed"by their show, indistinct at first, cry," Cheer"we up his spirits! Charm the air to give a" sound ", etc, on which there should be more" pleasing music, with some fantastic dancing," at the close of which they all slowly vanish." Cave and all might disappear, and Macbeth" be left on an open heath, as if awakened" from a dream," Now this is not "limiting";it is rather elaborating what stage managersare doing today, and this fact of itself provesthe book the work of ta student, a theorist,and not of one who has had practicalexperience of what he teaches. Had MrFitzgerald practised the art of stagemanagement, he would have discovered thevery important fact which no one can discoverwithout practise,...that the material of thetheatre is already too elaborate, and that it is this material which must be simplifiedif simpler effects are to be produced. In his description of the opening scene ofHamlet the author again reveals the trueimaginative stage director,...but he isforgetting Scene II which follows close uponScene 1. He is therefore no practical stagedirector. "This Terrace", he writes," should be a long stretch or promenade, and a" lonely one. And here is usually the mistake..." that there is little attention paid to the scale" of things, it being attempted to squeeze" into the small area all the substantial portions" of a castle. This quite dispels illusion. The" ghost might be seen coming down from a long" distance, first afar off, then drawing near" slowly and gradually, and unseen by the" officers". &amp; &amp; &amp;We hope we appreciate the beauty of MrFitzgerald* s conception and should like tosee him put it into practise, but we wouldremind him that swiftly upon this first scenefollows the second, and if his stage be entirelyoccupied, as it would need to be, with this" long stretch or promenade ", where doesScene II with its thirty or forty characterscome in ? The idea of a " longpromenade " is remarkably picturesque; butuntil we know how the transition is to bemade from this scene with its lonely lawnto the next one so complete a contrast....we must say that we feel it to be veryunpractical.Another matter in which we are at variancewith Mr Fitzgerald is with regard to hisestimate of the work of Mr Gordon Craig.We wonder if he has ever read a very ablepaper on this subject by Mr Arthur Symonsin his volume of " Studies in Seven Arts " ?The phrase in which Mr Fitzgerald's criticismof Mr Craig's scenes culminates is " Theywill be found monotonous ". Possibly....but whether they are or not will naturallydepend upon the onlooker and Mr Fitzgerald'sis the kind of criticism which is often appliedto work of marked personality. Bach is " mo»notonous " to the man who prefers the" variety " of Sidney Jones: Fra Angelicois " monotonous " to one who finds relief inthe volubility of Phil May. It is what theysay of Irving as an actor, of Turner as apainter. " He was always Irving ", and "Well,we know what a Turner is ". But what ismonotony in Art to one man is often theinsistence of personality to another, andcertainly in the case in question we hold thelatter view. &amp; Mr Fitzgerald claims for hisbook that it treats of the Laws ofShakespearean Representation. We wouldventure to suggest, since he is interested insuch matters, that he should make a carefulstudy of the work, both practical andtheoretical, of Mr Gordon Craig, who is themost serious and successful of all the seekersafter those far greater Laws, the Laws ofthe Art ot the Theatre, and the man towhom, more than any other, we firmly believethat the Theatre of the Future will owe tsi re=establishment in its original dignity andbeauty. &amp; But, these slight criticisms apart,we cannot commend sufficiently this book ofMr Fitzgerald's to the attention of the stagemanagers in the modern theatre;for although,for the reasons given, the author does notbringusany new solution of difficultproblems,he certainly supplies a quantity of valuableadvice to those who practise the modernmethods in the Theatre of today. &amp; ■£? THn STORY OF MY hI F Hby nil en T err y &amp; &amp;'T'hese Memoirs, now appearing month by® month in Maclure's Magazine, are veryfreshly written, and, in that personalspontaneity which is so entrancing, recallthe Memoirs of the American actress, ClaraMorris. Yet for all that we read theseReminiscences with disappointment, comingas they do from so great an actress; because,while charming as Reminiscences, they are, asa contribution to the Art of Theatre, entirelyvalueless. For this is not a book for theboy or girl who is struggling to know howto do or how not to do, who is perplexed toknow if to keep on with the work or giveup altogether, and who, in that struggle andperplexity might naturally turn for guidanceto the writings of one who has travelled thesame path before. No, it is a popular bookto read when in a train or a boat on theThames. Undeniably charming, but valueless:pretty, tender, good, excruciatingly funny attimes, but again,.... valueless to the Art ofthe Theatre. &amp; &amp; &amp;And it is in this that the disappointmentlies. It would have been less keen if theactress had been less great. As it is we laydown these reminiscences only to wonderagain, when will one of our leaders,.... thatis to say, one of those old enough to knowwell, if not better, than any, when will oneof these begin to speak the truth, whetherthat truth be ugly or beautiful, about theTheatre and its Art? Why the truth?Simply because it counts for so much vitality.Why not such Memoirs as these? Simplybecause they count for so much entertainmentand no more. We have heard actors andactresses, (great actors and actresses)grumbling against books written by studentsof the theatre,.... books such as those byGoethe, Diderot, John Addington Symonds,G. W. Lewis, Arthur Symons, because, theysay, these gentlemen are all very fine withtheir theories, but they have never practisedanything and therefore how can they know ?Yet these actors and actresses, (great actorsand actresses), never themselves trouble towrite in a serious mood about the theatre,so who is to do it? Great generals havewritten their serious theories drawn frompractise, on military tactics and other mattersof value to the young soldier; painters andmusicians have written seriously of theirseveral arts: it is only the actors who havenothing for the younger generation butamusing anecdotes of their career. &amp; Perhaps one of the most serious contributionsby an actor to the literature of the Art ofthe Theatre is Mr Beerbohm Trees's littlebook on " The Imaginative Faculty ", a lecturedelivered at the Royal Institution, May 26,1903. We hope Mr Tree will write anotherh00k,.... an important one, and when hedoes we trust that he will find it possible toomit from his work all anecdotes. In thatomission lies much of the value of his formerhook. It is not occupied with chatty andamusing records of how Mr A. did this andhow Mr B. did the other, and what Mr. T. said.It is on a higher plane altogether, showingthat, had the author seen his way clear toworking for the future of the stage,... (a thingwhich everybody must perceive is mostnecessary)... instead of producing a few playswhich will have their day and be ended, hewould have left a name among the greatworkers in the Art of the Theatre. &amp; &amp;Nothing spoils a book on the Art of theStage so much as anecdotes of its actors.How unfortunate this is and how prejudicialto the interests of the Art! We do not wantto be told if an actor is a good fellow or notfor we know that already. What we want tolearn is if he is a serious worker, how muchand what kind of work he does and what is hiswhole intention in doing it. And then we donot want him to compare his work with thatof the carpenter or some other hard workerbut to compare it with the fine arts and showits relation to them. We want to see himas an artist among artists and learn his relativevalue. We should like to come across abook which treated of these matters, butit would take such a man many years towrite it and he would have to leave the stagein order to do so, which might, ...but we mustask to be forgiven if we refuse to statethe idea which has suggested itself duringthe writing of this last paragraph! &amp;To return, however, to the present chapterof Miss Terry's Memoirs. The letter fromMadame Duse quoted in the May number isinteresting and we reprint it here: &amp;44 Madame: With Olivia you have given me" pleasure and pain. Pleasure by your noble44 and sincere art pain because I feel sad" at heart when I see a beautiful and generous44 woman give her soul to art as you do" when it is life itself, your heart itself," that speaks tenderly, sorrowfully, nobly44 beneath your acting. I cannot rid myself44 of a certain melancholy when 1 see artists44 as noble and distinguished as you and Mr44 Irving. Although you are strong enough44 (with continual labor) to make life44 subservient to art, I, from my standpoint,44 regard you as forces of nature itself, which44 should have the right to exist for themselves44 instead of for the crowd. I would not venture44 to disturb you, Madame, and moreover 144 have so much to do that it is impossible44 for me to tell you personally all the great44 pleasure you have given me, because I44 have felt your heart. Will you believe, dear 44 Madame, in mine, which asks no more at44 this moment than to admire you and to44 tell you so in any manner whatsoever.44 Always yours, E. DUSE. &gt;£&gt; &amp;Yet, though interesting, we rather regard itas the letter of an actress than the letterof an artist. Set in the midst of Miss Terry'sblithe memories it shows us how, as thecomedy actress will invariably make sunshineout of all she sees and does, the tragedyactress sees tragedy in everything. It is amatter of focus, and naturally results fromregarding scenes and events through thetemperament rather than through theimagination. On a later page is given thefollowing letter, written from Oxford toMiss Terry by Henry Irving.441 had supper last night at New College44 after the affair. A. was there, and I had44 it out with him to the delight of all.44 4 Too much decoration % etc., etc. &amp; 144 asked him what there was in 44 Faust" in the44 matter of appointments, etc., that he would44 like left out. Answer nothing. &amp; 4 Too44 long runs.' &amp; &amp; &amp;44 4 You, sir, are a poet,' I said. 4 Perhaps it44 may be my privilege some day to produce44 a play of yours. Would you like it to have44 a long run or a short one?' (Roars of44 laughter). &amp; &amp; &amp;44 Answer: 4 Well, er, well, of course, Mr44 Irving, you well well, a short run, of44 course, for arf, but \ 4?44 4 Now, sir, you're on oath,' said 1. 4 Suppose44 that the fees were rolling in ten pounds and44 more a night would you rather the play44 were a failure or a success? ' &lt;£?44 4 Well, well, as you put it, I must say —er44 1 would rather my play had a long44 run I' A. floored! &amp; &amp; &amp;44 He has all his life been writing articles44 running down good work and crying up the44 impossible, and I was glad to show him up44 a bit!&amp; What a strange attitude! Is it typical of theEnglish stage? Is it typical of the Englishnation? Is it typical of commerce? It iscertainly not typical of anything to do withArtists and their work. Who, one wonders,was this poet at Oxford who fell so easy aprey to the celebrated Actor=Manager? whowas this twopenny gentleman who is broughtforward as the type of all poets and who yetbegan to hum and haw as soon as moneywas mentioned?... for the word 44 money „is a Shiboleth, and the way it is pronouncedshows unmistakeably the quality of the man.If taken seriously, the whole thing was veryunworthy of Irving. One sees him in theguise of the Actor« Manager, trying to provethe very unimportant and unreliable factthat the public is an ass and that those whotruckle to the public are greater asses. Heproves his point up to the hilt, therefore healso proves the rule that Poets are not fools,for this must have been an exceptionalpoet.... but he does not mention the nameof the poet. We hardly think that, had he met Lord Tennyson, Mr Swinburne, Mr Rossettior a dozen other poets in England at thisday that he would have been able to writeas he does here. After all, where the actormanager goes poets and artists ars not oftento be found, so it is not surprising that heshows himself ignorant of the real nature ofthe artist since he so seldom comes acrossone in his travels. We have said before that the publi- cation of such Memoirs as Miss Terry'swas of no service to the Art of the Stage;we should have said hardly any service. Asthe Memoirs of the most popular actress inEngland they will afford entertainment tomany; and by the way in which they implyand reveal the narrowness of the theatricalbrain, the limitations of the theatrical outlook,they will, also unwittingly, help the Art itself.How? Why, because the younger men,reading these pages, will feel more insistentlythan before the imperative need of escapingfrom the triviality of the stage world, fromthe artificiality of its atmosphere. The stageworld as drawn by Miss Terry would not bea tiny one for a public person but it is atiny one for an Artist.... and it is artiststhat the theatre needs. The world of theStage is one in which men may crawl orclimb, but never fly. The Art of the theatreis the only art which exists in such anatmosphere. All the others spread theirwings. But discontent with existing conditionsis a necessary prelude to their reformation,and it is in arousing this discontent in theyounger workers in the theatre that MissTerry's memoirs will be of service to theArt. &amp; &amp; THE BUTTERFLY QUARTERLYPublished by George Wolfe Plank, 1126Walnut Street, Philadelphia: U. S. A.Annual subscription, dollars 1.25. D.N.L. We have received the first three numbersof this new American Art Journal, andwe like them. The format is good, the typeclear; it is carefully printed upon stout paper.Its contents are not so dull as the contentsof the majority of journals and often muchbrighter. its illustrations are at timessurprisingly good. Mr George Wolfe Plankis a young and gifted artist and his woodengravings are unlike anything America hasproduced. Wood engravings are rare thingsat all times, and the quality of the woodengravings in the " Butterfly " make themworthy of special attention. &amp;The second number of " The Butterfly "contains a translation of a short play by AugustStrindberg: an intense little piece whichshould be of great interest to the seriousstage in England. There are six charactersin the play, which is not so well translatedas it might be, but which could easily be madebetter by a few slight alterations by anyonewishing to perform it. Strindberg is thefirst poet and playwright of Scandinavia, theonly successor of Ibsen. It is not generally known that he is also one of the first landscapepainters in Sweden. &amp;In the last number of 44 The Butterfly "is adesign of Madame Nazimova as 44 HeddaGabler, " a strange poem called 44 Moonlight ",some music, the reproduction of an etching byGordon Craig, and many woodcuts by the Editor, George Wolfe Plank. BOOKS, JOURNALS AND MAGAZINESRECEIVED jg?" Desiderio, a Play in 3 Acts " Sonnets andShort Poems &amp; " Proserpine, a Masque in 3Acts ".Maurice Baring(Simpkin, Marshall &amp; Co.,London. " A Typical Shakespearean Stage "by V.E. Albright. (The Knickerbocker Press. New York)" The Flame', A Pantomime " by Mark Perugini.(The Pan Press). jg?" The Studio London. " The New York DramaticMirror New York. " Poesia Nos. 1-4, Milan." Rivista di Roma Rome. " Argus Helsingfors." Die Schaubuhne Berlin. "Uj Szemle Budapest." II Teatro Illustrato " Milan. &amp; &amp; &amp; FOREIGN NOTES FLORENCE J. S. \JLJz hear reports that the amazing Sicilianactor, Signor Grasso, is about to tourEurope and America with 44 Othello" as hischief attraction.We should like to see Signor Grassoperforming this role with Emma Grammatica asDesdemona, and under the stage managementof Mr Gordon Craig, We cannot conceive amore harmonious triple alliance,Signorina Grammatica has not yet appearedbefore a London or American audience, andLondon has not witnessed a production of MrCraig's since he has overcome the difficultiesof lighting which hindered our full enjoyment of his earlier efforts in 1902, BERLIN R. S. Hebbel Theatre, designed first by theenergetic requirements of the modernGerman stage and secondly by Herr OskarKaufmann,* has been well photographed, andthese pictures are to be found in the Maynumber of 44 The Studio They are worthstudying. The English managers will derivebenefit if they study long enough.Let us draw their attention first of all to theproscenium. Is it in any way different? Lookagain. Are the decorations at all better thanthe usual decorations? How and why better?.Just look carefully. It is not that the Englisharchitects and decorators would not do quiteas well if they got the chance, but it is thechance they seldom or never get. The Imperial Theatre in London is a reallyhandsome looking place when you get insidebut outside it is abominable and the stage isfifth rate. The Hebbel Theatre is firstrate all round. &amp;Look, too, at the little scrap of scenery- indicated in the Photograph on page 302 of44 The Studio ". Is it possible that we see nowings, no borders? Again..., wake up,Gentlemen in the English Theatre and hurry on, or you will be late. PARIS J. de S. M de Max, the first personality of the French•stage, has made a most natural decisionto leave the stage of France for that ofEngland. The Daily Mail speaks of it as44 startling ", but it is only startling for a day.Considered longer it appears very logical.M. de Max wants a new task worthy of hispersonality and so he determines to forsakethe French stage and come to England, playing44 Lear " and other Shakespearean roles inEnglish, and awaken the spirit of friendlycompetition in the souls of the EnglishTragedians. He will have a difficult taskto accomplish for several &amp;In an interview he states that when he wasonly fifteen years of age he had the pleasureof seeing Henry Irving at the Lyceum Theatre,and was so carried away by his acting thathe made up his mind to embrace a stage career.We hope M. de Max will give England theopportunity of witnessing his rendering of44 Richard 111 " and 44 Macbeth ". We believethat his 44 Richard 111 " would be the best rolein which he could make his first essay andappearance as an actor in English. 44 KingLear " is a play which the English publics arenever too ready to welcome. Henry Irving'sunforgettable interpretation of 44 Lear " wasreceived with the respect which Irving couldalways command, but the play was by nomeans as successful as were the othertragedies. We trust that some ActorManager of London will realise the value ofthis opportunity to enlist such a tragedian asDe Max and will put aside his own taste foracting and devote himself to business pure andsimple with De Max as his stock in trade. Itwould be a clever move on the part of anyActor«=Manager. The English stage and publicwould be the gainers, for we cannot call tomind the name of any Actor»Manager who isa good actor, and we can think of quite a fewwho are clever business managers. &amp;Weawait the result of M. de Max's decision with interest. &amp; PHILADELPHIAMRS FISKE in AMERICA W P. gt is so customary to parade the pretty little* externalities of the actor that one instantlydoubts either the sense of the critic, or thedepth of the actor himself. Mrs. Fiske isan un»customary woman, mysterious,something apart, a presence to fjash acrossour vision suddenly, then disappear... but she leaves with us a vague wonder, a ghost thateclipses the reality. She has that in hergrasp, which must ever be the essence ofany Art. . . Suggestion . . . the instrumentthrough which is transmitted an impressionso various and vast as the intelligences thatabsorb it. Words are to her but a necessarymedium that dare not dominate- she is notconcerned with words, but meanings . . .meanings that widen like circles in a quietpool. She bends her whole personality tothis, and there are times when with eyesstaring wide, one loses the woman and seesthe greater mentality... the real Mrs. Fiske.Her thought is fluid, absolutely; she is notof the wooden school: a quick little turn ofthe head, an inscrutable expression thatmight as well be a mask, and a thought iswhirled into space, trailing behind, a showerof terribly clear reasons. She makes ofherself no emotional barometer, but with asweet dignity that must seem wearisome tothe commonplace, keeps sanely within theframe: and by so slight a thing as a nervouslittle gesture, can she swing, as on a pivot,the fatality of the drama.... her accent isinfallible. jg? &amp; &amp;It would be interesting to see what Mrs. Fiske,with her tremendous peculiar power, coulddo in collaboration with the mystic art ofGordon Craig. I see her take her place withthe Idea, saying silently such lofty meaningsthat words would drag in the dust, for hersilence can be terrible: her silence can bebeautiful: she knows the wisdom of silence.&amp; Yet this wonderful woman has had thrustupon her what all distinctive idealists mustever suffer; ridicule, contempt, a clatteringfusillade against her personality, closed doorsand press comments of vile odour. But likedistinctive idealists, she has gone her straightroad alone, or nearly so, for there arealways the few who cling fearfully, andhopefully; to a slight thread. &lt;£? &amp;After many years she stands a supreme figurein the Stage history of America. If she muststep down several steps one season, let therebe no fear, she will but rise to agreater height the following. She fights aterrible beast, the Public, and realizing thepathetic necessity of subtleties, never comesentirely to the level of the beast: she is evera discreet trifle above, and it is the beastthat is slowly being attracted up the stair. EDITORIAL NOTES J. S. MASK OF THE LIAR. Cinematograph serves a good purpose* when it shows us the wonderful andmysterious manifestations of nature; whenwe see on the screen the falls of the Josemitevalley, when the pictures represent a greatforest where men are felling giant trees, orwhen we see before us some grand ceremonyof the Far East. But when the Cinemetographattempts to touch sacred matters it becomeshorrible. &amp;I witnessed with disgust such a parody lastEaster. The Life and Death of Jesus Christwas advertised. The entire story was enactedbefore us and was as realistic as those wholike Realism could have wished. Men andwomen of the most unintelligent types weredressed up to imitate the Saviour, His disciples,and the rest. The action took place eitherin the open air or in a painted room.Evidently much money had been wasted onthis diabolical parody. jg? 1 was witha very cultured Hungarian writer. lam notsure of the Religious Beliefs of either of us,but I am quite sure of our misery whenwitnessing this insulting and lying commentaryupon the profoundest character in History.No detail, however realistic, was omitted.The raising of the dead, the kiss, the scourging,the nails, the nakedness, all were shown uponthe screen. It is so awful to remember thatfurther description must be excused. &amp;But where are the Authorities? What are theythinking of, what are they doing? Where dothese films hail from? From France? FromAmerica? From Germany?....? &amp;The Cinemetograph is so entirely refreshingas a rule, so instructive and amusing, thatthose who control its fortunes should preventsuch exhibitions as 1 have described. &amp;We should be glad, should any of our readershave had the misfortune to witness a likeexhibition, if they would communicate withus and state where they have seen it. jg?If any good purpose is served by the exhibitionit is to act as warning against ever allowingReligious subjects to become the commonproperty of the Stage. We have had one" Salome " by Wilde, now acted all over Europe,and we hope we shall not have another. Ithas stood as excuse for any amount ofvulgarity. It licensed dancers to unrobe and commence leaping about on the stage of MusicHalls in what they were pleased to call Religiousor Classic dances. It gave an excuse for allthe young and well-shaped actresses ofGermany to steal a march on their moreintelligent sisters by playing the part in asemi-nude state. It serves the theatredirectors a very bad turn, for the public whoflock to these shows now refuse to patroniseanything which does not contain a good sliceof nudity in it. The Censor is not only A BLESSING; he isA NECESSITY. He should be as strict,as puritanical, as possible, to prevent thedisastrous invasion of these sacrilegious andprofane improprieties. To this end NO Religioussubject should be permitted; no part of thebody except face and hands should be allowedto be seen. We would even go so far as tosay that no scenes of violence, such asmurder, suicide, seduction, torture, fighting,riot, or bloodshed of any kind, shouldbe allowed to come before the eyes and earsof the audience; and all this should in ouropinion be secured for us by Act of Parliament.Uail Columbia! She loves and hates. That'sa true woman. Hating her mediocre artistsshe would spur them to greater things bylashing them unmercifully with her disdain.She hates her paltry Theatres. Is that true?What proves it? The Kinemetograph and herpatronage of its twopenny tragedies, Shehates the humbug of her slack theatres whichparade vulgarities before her calling it Art,....Love. She is tremendous in her acts.She sweeps thirteen Theatres clean of alltheir actors, plays, scenes and twaddle andinstals a brand new mechanical Kinemetographin each. Bravo! Bravo, Columbia!44 They pay better " is the excuse|she gives.How lovely she is, .... how tremendous inher contempt,.... as if she cared a scrap whatbrings her a few more dollars! What shecares for, she knows these theatres are notgoing to give her. What she wants is thefirst, best, most splendid theatre on the roundearth, no less.44 Pays better "!!! Really, Europe,you exhibit a carelessness quite unpardonablein one so old, when you believe this youngColumbia means what she flauntingly says.All that America does she does well. Shecould do otherwise but she will not. Sheknows what she wants; it is already hers;she waits for it to respond. Meantime that poltroon, the Theatre,masquerading as her lover, thinking itsartificial oaths and pretty parlour flatteriesand promises will pass with her, that wornout roue, horridly painted, husky voiced, halfblind, postures before her.The result of this posturing is that " thirteen44 of the regular theatres in Greater New York4t are this summer devoted to moving pictures44 and the immediate prospect is that other44 theatres, instead of closing down will rely44 upon this popular form of entertaiment44 for their supply". What an opening for an artist! And howenchanted Miss Columbia would be!*" Pi nglish stage management ought to beforgotten and then recommenced44 by a new generation of stage managers who44 have realized that they, as well as the44 author, must look occasionally at life itself,44 and make, at any rate, some attempt44 at realism St George's Review.&amp; Signs of awakening in England. allbut that one word, 44 Realism ". What thewriter possibly means is that the stagemanagers should go to nature to see whatTruth is and how to match the Truth of thePoet's song by a true vision for the eye.But that is very different from Realism.If you tell stage managers to be Realisticyou will do the stage great harm, for Realismis a dangerous thing. &amp; The cheap photographseeks and finds it, and the crowd canunderstand it so easily that they sit listlesslybefore it and their brains and beings haveundergone no exercise in the understandingof it. &amp; &amp;&amp; &amp;Beauty and Truth are quite as easy tounderstand, but there can be no such thingas an unathletic understanding of Beauty orTruth in Art. It needs athletes to create Art, it- needs a race of athletic beings to understand it.Anew feature of the August and followingnumbers of 44 The Mask " will be a pagedevoted, under the title of44 The Spectators "to the publication of opinions of the generalPublic which have been expressed duringthe month on any play, production, notabletheatrical event or long-felt want. &amp;Play-goers are invited to contribute in tenor twelve lines their opinions on any matterrelating to the Theatres they visit. In thisway we hope to prove that the Public inEngland is not the uneducated and unfeelingmonster which it is always being made outte be by a certain section of the critics.Contributions should be addressed to theEditorial Office of 44 The Mask 2 Lung'Arno Acciaiuoli, Florence, Italy. &amp; ALMANACK FORARCHITECTUREARTS*CRAFTS*TECH NICAL*STESSSSafCTGjGIGIGIGIGISIGIGISIGISIGIEISISIGIBIA NEW CATALOGUECONTAINING MORE THAN A HUNDREDPAGES OF TEXT, AND ALSO ILLUSTRA-TIONS IN BLACK AND WHITE AND INCOLOUR. * * * * *Copies will be sent free onapplication to all Art - loversSCHUSTER &amp; BUFLEB. G. M. B. H.BERLIN W3O NOLLENDORFSTR. 31. 32* BOOKS ANCIENT AND MODERN * THE BUTTERFLYQUARTERLY IS A NEW PUBLICATION, CAREFULLYPRINTED FROM EXCELLENT TYPE,ON FINE TONED PAPER, Bxio in: INSIZE, THE EDITION BEING LIMITEDTO 500 NUMBERED COPIES. ITCONTAINS VERSES, TALES,TRANSLATIONS, REPRINTS,DRAWINGS, WOOD-CUTS, BOOK-PLATES, AND OTHER MATTERS OFBOOKISH INTEREST. YEARLY SUBSCRIPTIONDOLLARS 1.35 POST FREE. J?THE BUTTERFLY QUARTERLY1126 WALNUT STREETPHILADELPHIAU. S. A. The principal Artisticand Literary publica-tion of Scandinavia.Yearly subscriptionFrancs: 20.lIIIIMM—III-IHIMHH I l—M—■——■■■ lIMII ■tlMl—llllß HUT—lMW—■lllTflllMHH I 111 11 !■■■■■ ■! UMIIIIUHM ■«—1—llllllM f —llTlTlllllfl ■!!■■■! IIBIIMW IM—MMlWlMlllill—l MilWahlstrom &amp; Widstrand, StockholmPUBLISHED MONTHLY &amp;ORDiWmftmBLDOCH£Im &amp; "VIESSEE" (The Balance) &amp;A RUSSIAN LITERARY &amp; ART MAGAZINE PUBLISHED MONTHLY IN MOSCOW BYTHE SCORPION PRESS" The Balance " contains Poetry, Fiction, Drama, and Essays on Art and Literature bythe best modern authors, both Russian &amp; Foreign. &amp; &amp;The Journal has correspondents in all the chief cities of Europe." The Balance " is illustrated by drawings, etchings, lithographs, etc: (also colour plates)by Russian and Foreign artists.&amp; Annual subscription, post free. 18 francs. (14 shillings) &amp;OFFICES; MOSCOW (RUSSIA) THEATRE SQUARE. METROPOLE BUILDINGS 23.j&amp; jet CHIEF - EDITOR: SER -&lt;©• THE MOSHER BOOKS &amp;&amp; MDCCCXC I-MCMVIII JS&gt;For a dozen years the most artistic volumes at their price that have been issued in Americahave been published, not from New York or Boston, nor even in Philadelphia or Chicagobut it Portland, Maine. In that little city Thomas B. Mosher has been printing, withoutflourish of trumpets or wide advertising, volume after volume which in artistic excellenceare not excelled by the issues of any publishing house in the world. Then, too, Mosher hasreprinted only the gems of literature that have been declared of the first water; gems thatare, beyond objection, jewels of the world's treasury of brilliant writing. We may alsoassert that the question of gain has been secondary in Mosher's calculations. He lias putout very small editions, and he has made them so beautiful in all that concerns their make-up that it is doubtful if he has ever gauged the expenditure by the possible profit. Never-theless, he must have done so, but in doing so he excites our admiration. &amp;GUY CARLETON LEE in Baltimore Sun for Dec. 18, &amp;My new Catalogue a remarkable piece of book-work in itself explains this unusualcompliment, and is sent free on request to book-lovers anywhere that can be reachedby mail. My Catalogues are not made up of old and hackneyed quotations concerningbooks. You are not wearied by " a jollie good book " jingle and that sort of thing, butyou are treated to some very genuine prose &amp; verse not found in every cut and-decidedly-dried anthology. X? JS/ &amp;THOMAS B. MOSHER jS&gt; PORTLAND. MAINE &amp; U. S. A. A PORTFOLIO OF ETCHINGS. &amp;By Gordon Craig &amp; with a preface./~|nly thirty portfolios will be issued, although ten or twenty additional copies of some ofthe plates will be printed according to the condition of the plate. The plates will thenbe destroyed. Each portfolio will be numbered. Each set consists of twelve designs looselymounted on grey card and contained in a grey cloth box portfolio with fastenings. Eachplate is signed by the artist. Size of portfolio 48x30 ctms. Average size of plate.14 2/3 x 15 2/3 ctms. The price for a portfolio will be L. 16 . o . o, (400 Francs or 320 Marks).HPhese etchings were made by the artist in the Spring of 1907 at Florence, and representhis most serious work. Connected as they are with his dream of an Ideal Theatre, theyin no way have anything in common with the modern stage. &amp; £? &amp;44 Movement", writes Mr Craig, 44 was at the roots of the Ancient Theatre and will ever44 remain the very Essence of the Art. &amp;&amp;&amp;?&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;44 We must translate Movement through the medium of inanimate forms and thereby produce44 once more an Impersonal Art which shall take its place by the side of its two sisterArts, Musjc and Architecture ". #ORDER FORMTo The Publishers,The Editorial Office of 44 The Mask " 2 Lung'Arno Acciaiuoli, Florence. Italy.Please send me the Portfolio of Etchings by Edward Gordon Craig, in payment for which1 enclose the sum of L. 16.0.0, (or 400 Francs or 320 Marks) &amp; &amp;SignedAddress. LiBRAIRIE ANCIENNE &amp;T. DE MARINIS &amp; Co. 5 Via Vecchietti - FIRENZE2E3--Aaa.AWV*Itutfinr%01JjUUUJaaz\Wl• ItIA,Ifi■■tSJJa••1«t«•»§an-I Wlit• Ml"•I/ST111litSJruLOJiInnoanil00inpL^r=%iila olmaartinrJULntjjsIlllfUlIMI« Ijjnipoum• §IS 11■as3SItMiXD 06(•111LLv 111ft' ■;JTCEDjj 1—HIS"TW»" a o jvmrtvmuQfigOOHmi 1 c.lAr• •inruvirmmmmFine Collection of MSS.r Incunabula, rate and curious books XV-XIX cent.Illustrated Catalogues free on application. THE SOCIETY OP FOUR8dcHAVE PURCHASED ONEOR TWO BEAUTIFULWORKS OF ART OFTHE LATE QUATTROCEN-TO AND EARLY SEICENTOCOMMUNICATIONSTHOSE DESIROUS OF PURCHA-SING SHOUED BE ADDRESSEDTO THE " SOCIETY OF FOUR "ATTHE ADVERTISING OFFICESOF " THE MASK " BORGO SANJACOPO, 8. FEORENCE EX LIBRIS.Are you a Book Lover ? IIso, you will want all whichcan add to the beautyand completeness olyourbooks, and you cannotdo without. A BOOK PLATEIn design your Book Plate must be graveyet charming, for its duty is to act aswatchman at the doors of all books, whetherreligious or profane. If you would possesssuch a Book Plate, simple, charming anddistinguished, write to the Wood Engra-vers of San Leonardo, directing your letterto 5 Piazza Donatello, Studio 9, Florence,Italy, and you will receive all the infor-mation you desire. EDITION DE LUXE.SPECIAL NOTICE TOBOOKLOVERS15 copies of " The Mask " will be printedMonthly upon a yellow hand-made deckle-edged paper identical in appearance andtexture with that made in the same districtof Fabriano in the year 1315. This editionwill contain Etchings and other printssigned by the artist, which will not beincluded in the popular edition.Yearly subscription: England, L. 3.5.0 Post Free„ ~ tt Germany, Marks 67,00 „ „~ ,» „ America Dollars 16.00 „ „tt tt tt I ialy Eire 52.00 ~ ~„ „ it Russia Roubles 30.00 „ FRILLIANTONIOPURVEYOR TO 10IMPERIAL &amp; ROYALFAMILIES -£? j&amp;FLORENCEVia dei Fossi 4 /&amp;£&gt; (ESTABLISHED i860) &amp;AWARDED PRIZESAT 48 NATIONAL &amp;INTERNATIONALEXHIBITIONSThe largest Establishment of Sculpture inMarble Reproductions from the Antique&amp; Original Works. Portraits. Monuments,Mantels, Garden Seats,&amp;Vases Fountains &amp;Flower=stands, etc:ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATIONST LOUIS MO.GRAND19 04 Die SchaubiihneA weekly Theatrical Jour-nal Edited by SiegfriedJacobsohn.Verlag Oesterheld &amp; Co.Lietzenburgerstrasse 60 &lt;0!Berlin W. 15. jZ?Single copy . . M. pf. 30Quarterly . . . „ 3. ~50Yearly . . . . „ 12. „ 00 THE CONSERVATOREdited &amp; published Monthly byHorace Traubel, 1624 Walnut St:Philadelphia, U. S. A. Yearlysubscription, dollars 1,25 post free. NEW YORK DRAMATICMIRRORThe oldest and most reliable Americantheatrical paper, published every weekat 121 West 42nd Street. New York, U.S.A.&amp; Sample copies on request free ofcharge. Foreign subscriptions 50 Dollar sone year; 1.70 Dollars three months. PhilosophicalLending Library 5000 volumes on Philosophy, ReligionyMysticismy Occultismy ecc. Englishphilosophical Books &amp; Reviews. Rea-ding and lecture room. Lectures everySunday free for subscribers Sub-scription terms very moderate. Pro-spectus and catalogue on application. I—l——W—l^—————g I I IPIAZZA DONATELLO 5-Tel. 15-30