The mask 6 4 April 1914 naau_1914-04_01 The mask 6 4 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 A COSTUME DESIGN by E.W. Godwin. F. S. A. Illustration 4 EPILOGUE. APRIL. 1914 Gordon Craig cre 5-7 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 7 JAVANESE MARIONETTES. A Note on their Construction. J. S cre 7-8; 10; 12-13 Untitled Image Illustration 10 Untitled Image Illustration 12 Untitled Image Illustration 13 CARLO GOZZI AND THE VENETIAN DRAMA OF THE EIGHTEENTH CENTURY. Some Notes D. Nevile Lees cre 14-24 Untitled Image Illustration 24 A HISTORY OF PUPPETS, "Yorick" cre 25-33 Untitled Image Illustration 25 Untitled Image Illustration 33 THE PLAYS OF HROTSWITHA, FOREWORD. Anatole France cre J. S cre 34-40 Untitled Image Illustration 34 Untitled Image Illustration 40 GORDON CRAIG AND THE THEATRE OF THE FUTURE John Cournos cre 41-48 Untitled Image Illustration 41 Untitled Image Illustration 48 THE "TEATRO ALLA MODA": Some Notes Pierre Ramés cre 49-55 Untitled Image Illustration 49 Untitled Image Illustration 55 "IT'S ABOVE MY HEAD". A Note John Balance cre 56-60 Untitled Image Illustration 56 Untitled Image Illustration 60 A WORD ON GREAT MEN, Victor Hugo cre 60-62 Untitled Image Illustration 62 A LECTURE ON DRESS E. W. Godwin. F. S. A. 1868 cre 63-65; 67-75; 77-85 Untitled Image Illustration 63 COSTUME DESIGNS by E.W. Godwin. F. S. A. 1874. Illustration 65 A COSTUME DESIGN by E.W. Godwin. F. S. A. 1874. Illustration 75 Untitled Image Illustration 84 COSTUME DES IGNS by E.W. Godwin. P. S. A. 1874. Illustration 85 THE ROGUISH TRICKS OF COVIELLO. A Scenario of the Commedia dell'Arte. 87-90 Untitled Image Illustration 87 Untitled Image Illustration 90 THE THEATRE IN ITALY. NAPLES &amp; POMPEI. A Letter to John Semar from Gordon Craig cre 91-97 Untitled Image Illustration 97 FOREIGN NOTES. 98-101 ZURICH. 98-101 The Theatre Exhibition. P. R cre 98-101 Untitled Image Illustration 98 EDITORIAL NOTES. 102-106 THE POOOOOR WILD BEASTS. 102-103 Untitled Image Illustration 102 CRITICS AND MOLES. &amp; 103-104 "DAMAGED GOO" &amp; . 104-106 Mr POEL AND Mr HARVEY. 106 COURAGE AND 44PROMOTION" 106 CEREMONIES &amp; THE NATION. J. S cre 106 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 107 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 107 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 108 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 108 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 109 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 109 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 110 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 110 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 110 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 110 Jquartcrlyjourn?l ofTHE ART OF THE THEATRE Volume Six. Number Four. APRILi 9 i 4 ARENA GOLDONIFLORENCEITALY YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION FIPTEEN SHILLINGS. SINGLE COPY PRICE FOUR SHILL I N Q S NET. &amp;TRADE AGENTS.S IMPK I N, MARSHALL, HAMILTON, KB N T &amp; CO. LO NDO N. THE MASK. APRIL 1914. Editor will be glad to consider MSS relative to the Art and History of theTheatre, but would point out that he can only make use of articles written bysuch as have a real knowledge of the subjects treated. &amp; AH possible care will be taken, but he cannot hold himself responsible for theaccidental loss of MSS. These must in every case be accompanied by a stamped and&lt;,addressed envelope as otherwise they cannot be returned. &amp; &amp; &amp;Communications should be addressed to the Arena Goldoni. Florence. Italy. THEApril I"4 EPILOGUE. EPILOGUE. JAVANESE MARIONETTES. JAVANESE MARIONETTES. CARLO GOZZI AND THE VENETIAN DRAMA. CARLO GOZZI AND THE VENETIAN DRAMA. CARLO GOZZI AND THE DRAMA. CARLO GOZZI AND THE VENETIAN DRAMA. CARLO GOZZI AND THE DRAMA, CARLO GOZZI AND THE DRAMA. CARLO GOZZI AND THE VENETIAN DRAMA. CARLO GOZZI AND THE VENETIAN DRAMA. CARLO GOZZI AND THE VENETIAN CARLO GOZZI AND THE VENETIAN DRAMA. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS, A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS THE PLAYS OF HROTSWITHA. THE PLAYS OF HROTSWITHA. THE PLAYS OF THE PLAYS OF THE PLAYS OF THE PLAYS OF HROTS WITH A. GORDON CRAIG AND NIS SCHOOL. GORDON CRAIG AND HIS SCHOOL. &amp; GORDON CRAIG AND HIS SCHOOL. &amp; GORDON CRAIG AND HIS SCHOOL. GORDON CRAIG AND HIS SCHOOL. GORDON CRAIG AND HIS . GORDON CRAIG AND HIS SCHOOL. THE " TEATRO ALLA MOD A. " THE 44 TEATRO ALLA MODA. " THE 44 TEATRO ALLA MODA. " THE 44 TEATRO ALLA MODA. " THE 44 TEATRO ALLA MOD A. " THE 44 TEATRO ALLA MOD A. " IT'S ABOVE MY HEAD. IT'S ABOVE MY HEAD . ITS ABOVE MY . ITS ABOVE MY HEAD. A WORD OH GREAT MEN. A WORD ON ORE A T MEN. A LECTURE ON DRESS. THE MASKApril 1914 A LECTURE ON DRESS. A LECTURE ON DRESS. A LECTURE ON DRESS. A LECTURE ON DRESS. A LECTURE ON DRESS. A LECTURE ON DRESS. A LECTURE ON DRESS. A LECTURE ON DRESS, THE MASKApril I 914 A LECTURE ON DRESS. A LECTURE ON DRESS. A LECTURE ON DRESS. A LECTURE ON - A LECTURE ON DRESS. A LECTURE ON DRESS. A LECTURE ON DRESS. A LECTURE ON DRESS. THE MASKApril 19H THE TRICKS OF COVIELLO. THE TRICKS OF COVIELLO. THE TRICKS OF COVIELLO. &amp; NAPLES AND POM PEL &amp; NAPLES AND POMPEI. &amp; NAPLES AND POMP EI. NAPLES AND POMPEL NAPLES AND POMP EI. NAPLES AND POMP EI. FOREIGN NOTES. FOREIGN NOTES. FOREIGN NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES. &amp; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED uS&gt;Gerente Responsabile GIULIO VANZI I ANNOUNCEMENTS; FROM « THE MASK PRESS "I ARENA GOLD ON I. FLORENCE, ITALY.I I'&amp; XR THE MASK. VOLUME SEVEN. j&amp; &amp;Of the seventh Volume, which will begin with the July number,Three Editions are published, the yearly subscriptions, post free,»)?f» *° ese Editions being respectively as follows. j&amp; £&gt; j&amp;juyj? Popular Edition. . . . Shillings 15. Dollars 4.00fISSp Large Paper Edition (200 copies.) „ 20. „ 5.00Edition de Luxe. (15 copies.) „ 65, „ 16.00■I. THE MASK. 1908... 1909... 1910... 1911... 1912... 1913... 19(4...j&amp; A certain number of complete sets of Volumes 1, 2, 3, 4,still remain, and, bound In vellum, may be obtained from thisoffice, price nine guineas, (dollars 45) a set. jr j&amp; &amp;i A PEW EXTRA Vol. 4. shillings 25- dollars 6.50 each| SETS OF Vol. 5. ~ ~ 20 ~ ~ 5«5® »»jj 01. 6. „ „ 20. ~ ~ 5*50 ~&amp; Volumes $ or 6 Large Paper Ed, (vellum bound,) shillings 25,—. dollars 6.50. j&amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Orders and Subscriptions may be sent direct toTHE MASK Offices, Arena Gotdoni, Florence, Italy,or "The Society of the Theatre." 7. John St. Adelphi, London. Tel: 1601 Regent j SOME OPINIONS ON "THE MASK"I " There is not a page in\it which is not interestingII HBi Hi .SB T|f ■ -■ ■• -II " and stimulating ira fine way".| "1 he Mask" always contains something worth ," and often something worth '| Pail Mail Gazette.I " A quite remarkable rich in intel- -1 i Ctf* tl Cf* **g Westminster Gazette.II "A very amusing and stimulating, as well as a mostJ " beautiful, magazine "\I The Daily Telegraph. B" THE MASK" started in FLORENCE, does not exist Jjhas already lived for six years for AN IDEA.I THE SCHOOL FOR THE ART OF THE , ||11 started in FLORENCE, was brought into being for the sake 11|| TH E SCH O O L and " TH E MASK " work together for ||| THE SOCIETY OF THE THEATRE, started InLONDON, moves with 44 THE MASK" and THE SCHOOLtowards the same QOAL.WE CAN TAKE CARE OF " THE MASK" &amp; THE SCHOOL..I YOUR RESPONSIBILITY IS THE SOCIETY OF THE THE A TREN ■&amp; J 0 I N I T !II WE WANT A MILLION MEMBERS. T11 Apply Personally or by Letter to the Secretary of the Society, I11 LONDON OFFICES : 7 JOHN STREET, ADELPHI. I11 Office Hours between 10 a. m. and 1 p. m. 11 Stainpata privatamente all' Arena Qoldoni, Via de' Serragli, Firenze. LITERARY CONTENTS. EPILO.GUE. APRIL 1914 Gordon Craig. . . . 381.JAVANESE MARIONETTES From the Dutch. . . . 283.CARLO GOZZI AND THE VENETIAN DRAMA. . D. Nevile Lees. . . . 286.PUPPETS IN GERMANY. . . . . . . " Yorick". (P. Ferrigni) . 397.THE PLAYS OF H ROTS WITH A Anatole France. . . . 306.. bGORDON CRAIG &amp; THE THEATRE OF THEFUTURE. John Cournos. . . . 313.THE " TEATRO ALLA MODA ". .... Pierre Ramds. . . . 321." IT'S ABOVE MY HEAD ". John Balance. . . . 328.A WORD ON GREAT MEN. . . . . . Victor Hugo .33*.vA LECTURE ON DRESS. v E. W. Godwin, F. S. A. 1868, 335.THE ROGUISH TRICKS OF COVIELLO. A Scenario ....... 353.THE THEATRE IN ITALY. NAPLES &amp; POMPEI.A Letter to John Semar Gordon Craig. . . . 357.%FOREIGN NOTES, EDITORIAL NOTES. ILLUSTRATIONS. A DESIGN FOR A STAGE COSTUME. . . . E. W. Godwin. (Frontispiece).TWO JAVANESE MARIONETTES. . . * . 284.THREE FULL PAGE PLATES OF DESIGNS FOR• »STAGE COSTUMES E.W.Godwin. Face 336,344,352.Head and Tale Pieces by Gordon Craig, Julius Oliver, and from old Designs. A COSTUME DESIGN by E.W. Godwin. F. S. A. EPILOGUE. APRIL. 1914 Gordon Craig. |t is the end of the sixth year of The Mask.One is expected to say something:, and i have been asked by theEditor to do so. I could say something: short and to the point, but goodmanners before a11... 1 will therefore meander on for three or four pagesfor the sake of Hecuba as usual.But how difficult... how difficult to praise you, oh my readers. Howeasy twere to damn you... shortly and to the point!&amp; Had we reduced our journal even as the noble Times one morningfound Itself reduced to one penny, I had found something to say... 1could have apologized... while protesting 1 was not on the make.But you know me and you know "we". "We" are not writing, I am.And It is my duty to praise you... its " up to me " to lay it on thick...I've simply got to do 50,... but I dont want to.&amp; I want instead to tell you what I think of you. But that I musa't do.I even musn't say that 1 think some of you the most charming peoplein the world... some the most beautiful... and it would be futile toacknowledge that you are one and all the most intelligent.As for saying that your Enthusiasm is priceless and helps our works,that too Is out of the question for It is all so Inadequate... I dont meanyour enthusiasm and help. I mean only my phrases and your praises.For instance you are all true worshippers of that magic puppet "Punch"%and you follow his advice. And you " DONT" with all the force of trueabstainers.&amp; Do you even read the "Mask " to any purpose ? NO, of course not.You DONT.Three cheers for such Divine Caution! Do you back up the opinions you believe in, in spite of the growlingof the dogs and the squalling of the cats ?... No, you DONT.Do -you get In a rage with inactive people who might forward allmovements and this one into the bargain ?No you dont! you are 111... like slugs... you are slow.&amp; You are delightful people, witty... up to date... wel!=dressed... delicious...intelligent... profound.... wealthy.... powerful.... everything.... but youare inactive. You fear nothing so much as action,... You "interest"yourselves in nothing but you love exhausting yourselves in talk.&amp; Above all you'll talk better about that of which you know nothing... thetheatre for instance, than about needlework or the methods Adam handeddown to us of planting cabbages.,5? These two useful jobs you are silent about... but THE ART OF THETHEATRE,... that you are prepared to inform everyone about.&amp; Why, you'll even talk to us about it through the columns of someLondon journal or in the latest Stage Year Book.There again I You DONT refrain. You abstain horribly from all modesty,though modesty is a fine thing. But may I tell you so ? No, I am swornnot t0... I am here to praise you... to " lay it on thick". But 1 may saythis...I may say that If I hadn't been faced by a row of such amazinglyintelligent, refined, modest and noble persons 1 had never even startedthe journal In 1908 and had never kept It going till 1914. It has all beenso encouraging!.,,, so encouraging. For instance In 1908 we make astatement elaborating in all its details... a quite new statement... a newpoint of view... and the right one... regarding the production of a play.X? This statement is in 1908 as valuable as ever it will be... But you allwait so encouragingly until in 1914 some one of our readers repeats wordfor word, idea for idea the same statement. Then for the first timeyou and the publics around you " hear with your ears " though heaveiionly knows whether even then you " understand ".x? Now this is encouraging; it indicates a bright and ready set of listeners.&amp; Have I praised you sufficiently, my readers,... and ought. I not nowto thank you ?&amp; Most people would listen, hear and benefit in 1908:... these DONT. &amp; There is quite a lot to thank you for, but little room left.j0 And, bye the bye, one and all of you have to thank an American friendof The Mask by name W. H. Gable, for having made it possible for youto continue to read this journal.&amp; He actually realised that one action was worth all the talk in the world. JAVANESE MARIONETTES. A Noteon their Construction. J. S. phe two figures represented In the accompanying illustrations aretaken from the collection of Javanese Marionettes in the Gordon CraigSchool at Florence, some of which have been lately exhibited at Zurich.£/ Some account of these wonderful shadow figures known as "Wayang "figures and of the great Javanese drama in which they play their partwill appear in a future number of " Mask. " but meantime we givethe accompanying notes on the actual construction of the figures, taken from an important Dutch work on the subject. p'he *• Wayang " figures are manufactured of the skins of scabby buf- falo calves. The skin of a calf is selected because It is thin, and theskin of a scabby calf is prefered because such skin is not oleaginous andthe paint and gliding thus remains permanently on the figures.When the skin of a scabby calf cannot be obtained the skins arerubbed with chalk in order to remove the oily properties. In such casesthe skin of young full-grown cattle is preferred, calf skin being too thin.&amp; The heavy figures are made of buffalo skin, the light ones of cattleor goat skin. The hide of the white buffalo is also used, but only that ofthe female and never that of the male, which is too hard.&amp; While the skin is still wet it is stretched out in the sun and, after having been dried, it is prepared with a hatchet in order to obtain asmooth surface. The skin is then stretched out on a square wooden frameby means of cords and again put out in the sun. »&amp; When dry it is scraped to remove the hairs and to make it thin andsmooth. After that it is rubbed with a whet-stone to make it compactand to remove the scratches. Finally it is scoured with the rough partof the bamboo woe locs and with the rough rempelas leaves. Such aprepared skin is called a kebar.&lt;£? The kebar is divided into three of four parts, and each of such partsis called katjoe,&amp; A " Wayang " figure is now sketched on the katjoe with a needle,after a chosen original; the lines are then worked out with a wald (asmall curved knife), and the outline cut out.The Wayang figure is now worked with a little chisel. The chiselwork of the dress and the hair is called kagempoer.When the face, the eyes, the mouth and the ears are not yet formedthe Wayang figure is called gebingan. When the eyes, the mouth andthe ears are formed It is called kabedan.&amp; Afterwards the upper and lower arms are formed : they are addedto the joints by means of bone&lt;=pins behind the shoulder and the elbow,When the chiselling of the Wayang figure is finished It is painted Inin the likeness of the character it represents, and according to the dress.&amp; Another method of making the figures is as follows:&amp; The skin is stretched out in a bamboo frame and then dried In thesun. When the skin is thoroughly dry it Is put into water for some daysand after that again dried well in the sun, well scraped, then foldedand pressed.Now the preparation of the hide Is finished and the Wayung marionetteis cut. Then the marionette is first of all thoroughly scoured, next paintedwhite, and well rubbed with a kind of colourless varnish. The marionetteis first painted white twice, then blue and then black, and then thelasting colours and the gilding are worked in.marionettes contains lao pieces and its value varies betweenseven and nine pounds sterling, (i) The handles are now fastened to the marionette, and the sticks, alsomade of horn, fastened to the hands. The horns of the white ox arepreferred for the handles ; falling these the horns of the ordinary buffaloesare used. Bamboo Is used instead of horn for marionettes of inferiorquality.&amp; The arm sticks are fastened to the hands by means of the dry fibresof the cocoanut shell, or better still with brass or silver thread.&amp; A horn is sawn through from end to end as far as is needed for thelength of the Wayang figure. The central stick and arm sticks for twoWayang figures are sawn out of one horn.The making of these sticks Is as follows: first of all the horn Is putInto water for one night in order to become tough and it is then workedwith a chisel into the rough form : then the lower end is shaped, thecross lines and the knobs. Now the top part is sharpened to a point, thehorn is split and both the halves rounded with a file: it is then scouredsmooth and polished or varnished with bone*dust or bone ashes. Thehandle is then bent according to the form of the Wayang figure and tiedto the figure with the dried fibres of the cocoa=nut shell, these fibresbeing preferred because the binding does not move and holds well. (I) The antique figures such as those in the Gordon Craig collection are naiurally of far higher value. CARLO GOZZI AND THE VENETIANDRAMA OF THE EIGHTEENTH CENTURY. Some Notes by D. Nevile Lees. \yhen some little time ago " Turandot " was put upon the Londonstage we heard much about the impresario Reinhardt and thetranslator Vollmuller, and about several others, including the poet Schiller.The only one about whom we heard little.... in fact most of the papersomitted any mention of him whatsoever, being apparently unaware ofhis existence,... was Count Carle Gozzi, the author of the play.&amp; This was no loss for him. He sleeps none the less well among hislagoons; and, so often are the real authors of works and the real origUnators of ideas passed over in these days that perhaps one more suchslur should awaken little astonishment. But though this forgetfulness isno loss to him it is certainly a loss for us, since Count Carlo Gozzi isa man worth remembering, and some modern managers and playwrightsmight learn quite a little through the study of his work and of theparticular influence it had upon his contemporaries and the theatre ofhis day.Count Carlo Gozzi was the last magician of the old Commedia dell'Artein Venice, the last champion of the ancient Masks. He made a stand forthe drama of large Imagination at a time when Goldoni was conqueringhis own city and far beyond his own city with the drama of a littlestood out against the Intrusion of Realism on the stage.&amp; For Goldoni was the realist through and through. He could depictexcellently and delightfully anything that was as plain as the nose onhis face. He had a genius, in fact, for describingly charmingly everyvaiieiy and kind of plain fact such as could be classed metaphoricallyas the noses on his fellow citizens' faces. He could touch off the goodbe«wigged merchants of the Merceria, their decorous wives and prettydaughters and submissive sons, their circle of gossips and all their do®mestic adventures to the life. He kept the Lelios and Rosauras andOrazios and other unmasked parts of the old Commedia, but for therest he had no use. He it was who, after a faint hearted use of theni*discarded the masks from the theatre altogether; he who pushed forth young Collalto, engaged as a Pantaloon, in plain clothing and unmasked...,himself, in short,... before the public, and the event was symbolic, for inthat moment Realism, in a hitherto unpermitted sense, stepped uponthe stage.x? Carlo Gozzi, on the other hand, was the very opposite of Goldoni andthe bitter enemy of his innovation. He stood out against this intrusionof Realism into the theatre, and he backed his opinion by a Triumph.He cared nothing for the introduction in a theatre of the things hecould see in any campo or calle of his own city. For him, ...a believerin the philosophy of fairy tales, the whimsical wisdom of nursery rhymes,the profound spirit which hides behind a mask, the magic of mummery,the significance of clowns, it was just the things which he neither sawnor touched in daily life that were the things he prized.j0 Goldoni, the realist, had, like Peter Bell, about as much imaginationas a pint pot. To him a primrose by the river's brim could never by anypossibility be anything but a primrose, whereas to Gozzi it could justas well have been a dropped star or an enchanted princess: if it hadsung to him he would not have been astonished, if It had changed intoa fairy he would have been reassured. In fact nothing that was improbablecould possibly surprise Count Carlo, for the stuff that dreams are madeof was his normal mental fare, and his whole time was passed in aworld where everything was possible, and in close communion with suchunusual personalities as Singing Apples, Talking Statues and Stag Kings.&amp; The matter-of-fact repelled him; realities annoyed him. He lovedfancy as much as he hated the dulness, the dreary little episodes of hisday, and the days of 1770 in Venice were not packed with greatness asin 1570. Besides, he is the partisan of all that is ripe as well as of allthat is unusual: the enemy of everything raw and *' new ",... new books,new phrases, new customs, new plays, new clothes; and it is partly toescape from that poor thing, and " enlightened " Venice at that timegrowing up around hini, that he advanced boldly into his dreams wherehe sported as of old with his sylphs and fairies, his hobgoblins and thebeloved Masks.JS All that Goldoni somewhat languidly rejected as out of date Gozziknew to be eternal. He took all the grotesque and supernatural elements of the old Comedy, Its strange outlandish scenery, remote as the landseast of the sun and west of the moon, peopled by charming impossiblebeings unhampered by any unnecessary limitations of time of place orhuman form, and wove them into new patterns on his stage. He knewthem all intimately, he knew'exactly now they would speak and act.AH the fantastic extravagant figures of Callot's ballet are at Gozzi'sbidding, all the dainty little princesses of the fairy all the monstersof the legends, and, best of all, Harlequin and Tartaglia and Brighellaand Pantaloon:... not the up-to-date metamorphosised Pantaloon, whowhen cheated by Qoldoni became nothing but a good householder of theMerceria; but a kindly bizarre Pantaloon concerned in all kinds of wierdadventures and associated with all kinds of curious folk with whomGoldoni would have been quite at a loss to deal.How, for instance, would Goldoni's Pantaloon have regarded a palacewhich rose in a night opposite his master's dwelling ? He would probablyhave cleared his wits with a dose of salts. What would he have donehad a couple of babies been entrusted to him to kill for the gratificationof a malignant Queen-Mother-in-law ?.... He would undoubtedly haveslipped them into the basket at the Foundling, whereas Gozzi's Pantaloonpacks them in a neat parcel with twenty-four ells of oil-cloth and sends1them floating down the stream whence they are finally rescued bySmeraldina the wife of Tartaglia the sausage-maker... and a good trainof adventure is well begun.&amp; And so on, all through his plays, interwoven with the Stag-King andthe Serpent Woman and the rest of the fantastic figures, we find theold Masks, the gay bizarre incredible figures which had been developingever since the ancient days ■, which Beolco and Calmo had helped toshape and Andreinl and Dominique to enrich : personalities as fixed intheir type as water, and as fluid and capable as water of varied activityand form, and upon which each actor who had donned their masks hadleft his mark.&amp; It was to save these that Carlo Gozzi exerted himself, and, thoughhis success was short-lived, the mere attempt to resist, even for a little,the wave of modernity which was sweeping them away, was much. For,though the Commedia dell'Arte was not THE THEATRE, it 'was one phase of the Theatre, and a fine phase too. It had independence andImagination; it was not hidebound by the tradition of the printedbook; it played off its own bat; it spoke witli its own voice. It neededno one and nothing but its own sons to set it going. Give those a stageOA bate trestles or a corner of a field, give them a hat and goose-feather,a burdock leaf, an old cloak, a drinking cup, a handful of cherries, aplate of inaccheroni,... whatever lay readiest to hand, and they wouldweave a scene and create a world of their own, a world of comedy ortragedy as the case might be, and any passer-by was free to enter andspend an hour therein.0* course it may be argued that the handling of this material of theComniedia dalTArte by Gozzi was in itself the Interference of the literaryman ; but it must be understood that it is no mere literarv drama whichhe gives us. He was at one with his actors, lived in touch with them,worked in concert with them ; and it Is just because he worked withthem that his works are so good as plays for the theatre, and less goodto read. They call for the actors and the scenery and lights and costumesand all the machinery and atmosphere of the theatre to complete them,and in fact. " not as finished literature, but as the raw material of dra*matic presentation, are they admirable ". (i)&amp; Besides, while it Is true that Gozzi gave the actors much, ...gavethem more than iiis predecessors, (2) he did not give them all. He didnot bind their hands and tie their tongues and hold their noses to thewhetstone of his own wit. He left them their independence, and scopefor all their own powers; and the great Company which caught andcompleted his inspiration was the last possessed of such powers andindependence, the last of the great companies of the Comniedia deH'Arte,and when it disbanded and the curtain fell upon its last performancethe Gozzi plays found favour no longer: the Comniedia itself was dead.It has been said that the material in which Gozzi worked was whollydifferent from that selected by Goldoni, and so too in life and characterwas he utterly different from the successful, benignant, contented,middle class lawyer who was such a thorn in his flesh. He was, in fact, himself a figure wellnigh as fantastic as those he set upon his stao-eJ£? Born in Venice in 1720, he was descended on his father's side fromthe old nobility of the Berganio country,... the native land of Harlequin:on that of his mother, Angela Tiepolo, he was a patrician of the Republic.&amp; His good birth was, however, the most of his patrimony, for if therewas much good blood in the Gozzi family there was little enough ofanything else.The whole tribe of them, always insolvent, lived in topsy-turveyfashion in their great dilapidated palace at San Canziano where therehad once been such splendour and wealth: and when Carlo returnedhome at nineteen, after three years with the army in Dalmatia, it wasto spend the next eighteen years in efforts to recover something of thewasted patrimony, to reorganize the family fortunes, to settle lawsuits,and to bring a little order into the domestic life.&amp; A futile task, and a discouraging one I There was the great palacefailing ever into worse decay, its doors and windows shaky, its stuccospeeling off, and too many cobwebs. There were the old parents, dozingthrough life in the dark cheerless salas, and his brother Gasparo, thepoet, scribbling from morning till evening in the little attic beneath theeaves. There was his sister-in-law Luisa Bergalii, known in the Arcadianwoild as Irininda Partenide, the wife who, in Carlo's own words, hisbrother '♦ had taken in a fit of genial poetical abstraction, " absorbed ina bedraggled way in poetic composition, wearing an old wrapper andher husband's wig ; far too busy hunting for rhymes to look after themultitudinous little Gaspero Gozzis, who screamed and squabbled andtan wild with tiie ragamuffins of the quarter all day long. There werelodgers and tenants adding less to the family excitequer than they didto the general confusion with their claims and quarrels.Iheie in this kind of Inn, with ink and paper and dirt everywhere,sat poor Count Carlo, in old-fashioned dress and wig, a gaunt, proudwhimsical figure, trying to piay the practical man when nature hadmade him a dreamer, continually saying to himself " let us laugh "a,'most as emphatically as a Nietzsche; trying to tickle himself to hilaritywhile at the bottom lie is indeed melancholy, full of grievances andresentments and regrets. ■£? Carlo Gozzi was one of those men who seem born to be unlucky.He says so himself. " If I were to narrate all the whimsical absurdities" and all the untoward accidents to which my luckless star exposed me" 1 should have a lengthy business on my hands. Tisey were of almost" daily occurrence. " Perhaps that is a little because he is writing aftersixty years, and, remembering six accidents, claims that Ids whole lifelias consisted of accidents; but all the same, if Siis Memoirs are to bebelieved, he seems to have been born under an unlucky star. Everyoneteases him, plays pranks on him, gets the better of him. Everything goeswrong. If there be but one puddle In the whole of Venice he must puthis foot in it: if he return home unexpectedly, desiring nothing somuch as his bed, he finds his dusty old palace blazing with lights for agrand reception which is being given, all unknown to him, in his ownhouse. And lie is always getting into difficulties; always being takenfor some one else, and cuffed or embraced in another's stead. Therain, too, wets him more frequently and maliciously than anyone else,no matter how he plan to avoid it; he cannot even shave withoutvisitors being announced and forcing him to receive them with one cheeksmooth and one still rough. There is really no end to all his vexations.And all the time, while Ills feet are In the puddles, liis head Is in theclouds.&amp; See him wandering about that strange, gay, beautiful intimate city;passing across the Square of San Marco, lingering on the Quay of theSchlavonl, wandering across the bridges with his old red cloak trailingbehind him, strolling along the labyrinth of the Merceria. Gaunt Infigure, old-fashioned in dress, silent, religious, conservative, he movesthrough a world of illusions, holding one fancy to be worth ten realitiesany day; sneering at the Abb£ Chiari and his successes, inveighingagainst the lawyer Goldoni and his plays, hating all modern books anddresses and ideas and dramas, ail that is new; finding his own realities,his best values, not in those contemptable plays of everyday life whichare crowding the theatre of Sant'Angelo, but in some old masked playwith Harlequin thwacking Pantaloon and Brighella and Tartaglia playingpranks, In a cradle song, a fairy story or an old wife's tale.And there was patriotism as well as conservatism in Gozzi's love of the old Commedia; for, u the Italian comedy which Goldoni supplanted" was the national drama par excellence, invented by the Italians" hall-marked with their genius, the only comic contribution of the racef their monopoly and their triumph (i) Gozzi himself says: " I reckon" improvised comedy among the particular distinctions of our nation. Ilook upon it as quite a different species from the written and preme- " ditated drama, nor have I the shameless audacity to stigmatise with" the title of an ignorant rabbie those noble and cultivated personswhom I see with my own eyes following and enjoying a play of this" description. I esteem the able comedians who sustain the masks farhigher than those improvisating poets who, without uttering anythingto the purpose, excite astonishment In crowds of gaping listeners. " (2)fame had been carried all over Europe, its actors had been ap=Nplauded in London and Lisbon and Paris and more cities than one couldname; and now this national glory was being discarded for the everydaydramas of a little middle°class advocate I It was more than Carlo Gozzicould stand. So one day, Baretti tells us, when he was nearing forty,finding himself face to face with Goldoni, (then at the height of hisfame, and perhaps for that reason a little swaggering and over self- content) in a bookseller's shop behind the c!ock»tower of San Marco, hethrew down the gauntlet, declaring, '♦ I wager that with the masks ofthe old comedy I will draw a greater audience to hear the story of" the "Love of the Three Oranges " than you can with all your Ircanasand Bettlnas and Pamelas and a few weeks later the famous1 ruffaldino-Sacchi Company, lately returned from Lisbon after the di=sastrous earthquake of 1755, announced a new comedy of that name atthe San Samuele theatre.£&gt; All Venice thought Sacchi must be mad, but all Venice rushed to see,and was puzzled, amused and finally enchanted, and Goldoni's popularityfast diminished, while the old masks in the new fairy plays were allthe rage.course Truffaidino-Sacchi was delighted with his success, since therival plays had long been drawing away his audiences and emptying his pockets, and of course he entreated Gozzi to provide hini with moreplays.&amp; And so the " Piabesque " drama was born, and there followed playafter play founded on Venetian or Neapolitan or Spanish or orientalfairy tales, and decked out with every kind of whimsical conceit.The Crow, the Stag King, Turandoi, the Lucky Beggars, the WomanSerpent, Zoneide, the Blue Monster, the Little Fair Green Bird ; all werefull of varied and marvellous happenings, of surprises of all kinds, bothcomic and tragic, and charmed the public by the gorgeous' spectaclesthey offered, the vivid action an'd gaiety, and by the riotous irrepressiblevitality of the old masks as rendered by such weliknown players asAntonio Sacchi (Truffaldino), Atanaslo Zanoni, (Brighella), Agostino Fio- relll (Tartaglia) and Cesare Darbes, (Pantaloon), (i)It is a poetic drama in which there is place for everything in heavenand earth except for the prosaic every day happenings of a dead Venice.It is a world in which everything can and does happen except therational. It is a land of paradoxes, of the comic and supernatural, of theimpossible come true. There is a queer gay medley from start to finish,all kinds of enchanting nonsense interlarded with all kinds of metaphysicaltruth. Princesses hidden away in Oranges, and stone figures whichdiscourse like philosophers, and knives which become bloody when theirowners die far away, and stairs with forty million seven hundred and•two thousand and four steps. There are deserts changing Into beautifulgardens, and great palaces rising instantly out of nothing, ready to belived in, when a stone is thrown in the air. There are necromancers,and dragons which shed tears as big as walnuts, and sea=&gt;monsters whichserve as steeds for princes; there are hunting scenes and battles andswift journeys to the moon, and birds in love with mortals, and menenamoured of stone women and apples singing opera songs with theDancing Water playing the accompaniment.It is all irrational, fantastic, droll, impossible, but also It is iui°mitable.And then this drama which contains all that Is irrational containsbizarre little touches of the practical also. Nothing Is forgotten. There are throne rooms, "containing two cushions to sit on", or a "writingdesk ", a " sofa " or whatever is required, while in many ways, for allits extravagance, it keeps in touch with life. These dwellers in a worldwhich never existed know ail that is going on in Venice. Tartagiia,admiring Barberina through a spyglass from his window, as she sunsherself on the balcony of the palace which has sprung up in a night,notes that she has on a dress made by the modiste Canziani and thather hair is dressed by Carletti: the street-reciter Clgoletti, having takenservice with the wizard Durandart, appears at Roncevalle in person inhis old familiar clothes with a parrot on his wrist: and Calmon, the kindhearted stone statue, is promised a new nose so soon as the audience ofSan Samuele shail have paid their money.&amp; And then how much wisdom and symbolic truth are strangely inter*woven into it all! It Is Calmon of the broken nose, (he who, havingduring his lifetime four hundred years before pretended to despisemankind and depreciated the noble actions of his brother men, felt hisheart harden until he has become a cold and lifeless thing of stone,)who in the night-time voices the wisdom born of liis experience: " Love" thyself and love others, and follow reason, which is no slave to the" frail senses, but daughter of Heaven's decrees ". And, " Raise thysnout from the earth, vile brute, look to the sky and the stars, norlet thy thought cleave to the ground, between the senses and no*" thingness ".And always in the midst of it all, the life and soul of it all ex*changing verses of Ariosto in the moonlight, discussing drama in thedesert: disputing In their shifts by night, candles In hand, in the Throne*room; telling each other fairytales; arming themselves with Incomparablebuffoonery for great adventures, moving the audience to limitless laughterover their efforts to catch a dove, acting as prime ministers, as admiralson siiips, a.3 tuinkeys and sausage sellers, as heads of serraglios, anddyers and stableboys and philosophers are the four Masks of the Com- media, Truffaldino, (i) Tartagiia, Brighelfa and Pantaloon.How much the dramas owed to these masks and the men who worethem we can only surmise; but from all the records, from the reading of the pieces themselves, it is clear that, if Gozzi was instrumental infilling Sacchi's coffers, Sacchi and his company were equally instrumentalin giving life and completeness to Gozzi's plays.The Sacchi company was a fine one In all senses of the word. Gozzihimself wrote that it had 44 universal credit ", and cites the 44 union, thegood accord,... the study, the subordination, and the vigour " of theplayers as well as the discreet conduct of its women and Its generalgood report;But the time came when this fine company had to be disbanded. Sacchihad grown old and childish. Though over eighty years of age he wastoo fond of falling in love, so that his daughters, fearing that all hispatrimony would be dissipated In these follies, rebelled against the oldman and the rest of the company soon followed their lead. For a year ortwo things were kept going with Gozzi's support, but there were nofunds with which to put on new plays or to pay the actors, and at lastthe company, 44 which for a long term of years had been the terror of44 ail the other troupes of comedians, and the delight of the theatres,44 miserably broke up ".Gozzi in his Memoirs tells us of the parting between himself andSacchi, who came to take leave of him all in tears.&amp; 44 You are the only friend on whom 1 mean to call before I leave Venice44 secretly and with sorrow for ever " said Sacchi, 44 I shall never forget44 the favours you have bestowed upon me, Signor Conte; vouchsafe44 to grant me your pardon for any offences, your pity, and the honour44 of embracing you. " 44 Poor Truffaldino " writes Carlo Gozzi, 44 pressed44 me in his withered old arms; he gave me a last sad4glance out of his" goggle-eyes full of tears, and then ran away, leaving me alone,44 wandering disconsolate through Venice, separated from my dear com- -44 edlans, and twenty-seven years older than when they returned from44 Lisbon. Oh, my poor heart 1 Oh, national comedy I All around me I44 cannot find one single person who still shares my love for this comedy,44 so original and so eminently Italian ! But I am waxing pathetic....44 Quick, let me wipe the cheek upon which Truffaldino has kissed me:44 the fellow must have been eating garlic. At the same time I may brush44 away unnoticed the tears on my face; and then I can go off and dine, " proud to have succeded in appearing philosophical, tliat is to say" heartless. " (i) '&amp; We hear but little about Count Carlo Qozzi after that. An occasionalglimpse of him as an old, lonely, figure, his friends fast dying aroundhim,... and then he too vanishes. He died on April 4, 1806 at the noof eighty six and was buried in the Church of San Casslano. But itseems as though he really died that day with the Commedia dell'Artewhen he and Sacchi said goodbye. His life had been in the theatre andthe masks. The theatre was closed, the masks were gone away. Curtain!&amp; Venice remembers him very little. Ask for his house and no one canpoint it out to you, though anyone can tell you all about Goldonl. Heand his works were alike forgotten, and only lately has Italy begun torecall and reprint his plays.&amp; But to him belongs the honour of having championed, single-handedthe great Commedia in its dying moments; of having offered suchreslstence as was In his power to the intrusion of Realism on the stage. (1) J. A. Symonds. 41 Memoirs of Carlo Gozzi Vol. I. pg 159.(2) As an example of how little often sufficed see some of the scenarios reproduced In The Mask. (1) Monnier. " Venice in the Eighteenth Century. "(2) Gozzi, " Ragionamento Ingenuo ". Op; 1772, Vol I. (1) A. J. Syinonds, " Memoirs of Carlo Gozzi Vol I page 112. (I) Truffaldino is a form of Arlecchino. (I) Translation by Vernon Lee. '• Studies of the Eighteenth Century in Italy. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS, by "Yorick". 0) PUPPETS IN GERMANY. t will be convenient if I follow the example of thelearned Magnin, and include all the informationthat 1 have been able to collect with regard tomarionettes in Holland, in Austria, in Hungary, inPoland and in Russia, in one chapter under thehead of 44 Puppets in Germany ".Certain parts of Germany have always been di- stinguished for the skill and ability of people living there, in the art of carving out of wood every kind of figure, whetherof men or of animals, and in giving to them, by the aid of artificialmechanism, the appearance of real life.That double aptitude has led to a development of automatic sculpturemore precocious and more complete than in any other part of Europe.And the application of this art has been extended to the church, to thecity and to the theatre ; from the images of saints, to the great 44 fan- tcccl " of public festivals and the marionettes of the stage.j£s The passion that northern peoples have always shown for the play ofpuppets arises from a peculiar order of mind and of national character,that is attracted by anything that is mysterious, marvellous or occult,so that " la vita dedalica " in its strange manifestations, exercises, na=turally, an irresistible influence over them.«e? Read the 44 Night Tales " of Hoffmann, and explain otherwise, if youcan, that exuberance of nebulous sentimentalism, that excitability ofimagination, that irritability of fibre under the influence of a vagueidea, of some hypothesis, hallucination or aspiration towards the super- natural and ultrasensible. Discover, for example, another explanation ofthe love of 44 Nataniele " for 4&lt; Olimpia ", a love, profound, sincere andintense of a student for ...a marionette. With us, such an event wouldhave produced some satirical story, some narrative full of allusions andepigrams. In Germany, on the contrary, it produced an account, thatwas serious, sincere and full of emotion.... and I might almost say ofprobability. la a book of expenses of the Court of the Emperor Sigismund, thereappears this entry, under the date, June 15.1429 : 44 Gave 24 4 der.ari'to be present at a representation of Joan of Arc at the little Ratisbontheatre&amp; But it is certain that the representation of liturgica! drama by meansof puppets, dates from a much earlier period, and Indeed we find tracesof it in Poland and in Russia, where, on a Sunday, preceding the festivalof the birth of Christ, the Mystery of the three children, who werekcast into the furnace, was represented in front of the great altar of theCathedral of Moscow. Plays of the same kind had been seen in Austria,in Anhalt, in Antwerp, in Gand, in Bruges, in Prague, in Posen, inLithuania, in Leipsic, in Frankfort, and in Thuringia, in Franconia, inBavaria, in Holland and in Switzerland.From what part of the world had so many theatrical marionettesfound their way into northern lands ? We do not know with any certainty.But the fact that Daniel Clarke, in traversing Tartary in 1812, foundCalabrian 4* fantoccini " established from time immemorial in that remoteregion, scattered among the wandering Cossacks of the Don, naturallyleads us to believe that Italian marionettes must have been ministeringto the passion of the people for puppet plays from very early times.js? To go at once to the heart of the argument, let me say that even sofar back as the beginning- of the sixteenth century, a production formingpart of the repertory of the 44 Tokkenspieler " was acted in the Fairs ofGermany. It was called 44 The prodigious and lamentable history ofDoctor Faust. " (1)£/ The 44 niaschera " adopted for that German legend took the name of41 Hanswurst," an almost literal translation of our 44 Francatrippa," but itwas really, and undoubtedly, a new incarnation of the Italian Pulcinella,whose picture, designed by a master hand, is to be found among theworks... guess of whom... of Martin Luther!That austere reformer not only condescended to preserve for futuregenerations the physiognomy of our Jovial marionette, germanized inthe plays of the 44 Tokkenspieler, " but he frequently made use of thescurrilous and foul-mouthed 44 Hanswurst " as an interlocutor in his controversies and dialogued sermons; and he was not ashamed to ascribewith his name a lampoon that he wrote against Duke Henry of Wolfenbuttel.&amp; Even Lessing (i) has left us a minute description of our good old" Pulzinello, " and his achievements are also related in a very interestingstory by Floegel: Geschichte des Groteskecomischen, page 118. It iscertain that our poor Italian marionette had often to suffer persecution,and, in fact, he was at one time banished from Vienna by the authorityof Gottsched. He contrived, however, to find his way back to theAustrian Capital, under thejname of the merry peasant " Kasperle," and,ultimately, to gain such triumph, that his name " Kasperle " was givento one of the Viennese suburbs, and also to a small piece of money, thevalue of which coin was equivalent to the price of admission to amarionette theatre.After the peace of Munster, when dramatic art in Germany wasbeginning to breathe again; when England had li.er Shakespeare, Spain,her Lope de Vega, Holland, her Vondel, and France, her Corneille, thecelebrated Andrea Gryph appeared as a reformer of the German theatreand commenced his propaganda In a " castello " of puppets, for whomhe wrote " Le prodozze del capitano Horrlbilieriblifax, " a descendant ofour " Pirgopolinice " a child of Capitano Spavento, of Coviello, of Ro=gantino. (2) The march of progress was then invading northern countriesand Italian marionettes established the first stable theatre and the firstpermanent company, at Frankfort in the year 1657.A year afterwards Leipsic, Hamburg and Amsterdam began to regardthe marionettes of Italy with great favour, in 1667 Pletro Resonierierected a theatre for puppets in the Juden Markt, of Vienna, and continuedin the same piace, honoured and " festeggiato " for forty 3'ears insuccession. In the Leopoldstandt, in the Neu Markt, in the Freyung,numbers of " Pulzineila-Spieler " began to give representations in theevenings, after the " Angelas domini " every day of the week exceptFridays and Saturdays.J£? As in England, so in Germany, marionettes acquired great Increase of fortune from the religious disputes that took place | and while all theatreswere closed they exercised their right of appropriating all tragical,comical and melodramatic plays to such an extent that a certain Italianshowman, Sebastiano da Scio, aroused a perfect storm of opposition onthe part of the protestant clergy by performing a drama with his Venetianmarionettes, called, " Vita, geste, e discesa all' inferno del dottore Qio»vanni Faust. " (1) The production met with immense success, but theMinister Spener, alarmed at the disputes that arose between the clergyand the people, prohibited the representation altogether.&amp; It might have been said that Italian marionettes were threatening thestability of the State. Fortunately " Faust," banished from Berlin, spreadtriumphantly all over the rest of Germany, and, later on, met at Frankfortthat brifiiant young poet, whose name was Wolfgang Goethe. APOTHEOSIS. HPhe theological war against theatrical representations broke out atHamburg in the year 1680, when a minister of the protestant Churchrefused to administer the sacrament to two comedians of that city. Avery lively polemical controversy, which was not always confined withinthe limits of courtesy or education, arose between the clergy and theactors in dramatic companies. The actors published more than onejustification of their profession, and appealed for protection to princesand to the authority of parliament. The struggle lasted for ten years:Abut the stupid public, frightened by excommunications, threats of Helland prophecies of the intervention of the famous " finger of God '' endedby taking sides with the evangelical pastors. Theatres were then deserted,and artistes, humiliated and reduced to misery, were forced to abandon0the scene and disappear altogether.A crowd of marionettes then invaded the theatres, climbed to thestage and took possession of the auditoriums which were soon filled againwith a multitude of people, who were ail the more greedy for theatricalspectacles, because of the long period, during which, for the safety oftheir souls, they had found it convenient to stay away. The most eminent men of the day were among those who flocked to witness the performancesof the little actors... of wood,£? The-celebrated Bayle, during the long stay that he had to make atRotterdam, on account of his studies, always abandoned his books assoon as the showman's trumpet, from under the portico of the conqueredtheatre, announced that the performance was about to begin. The poetLodovico Rotgans was not able to write a single verse until he had beenfor Inspiration to a " castello " of puppets in Leipsic. Euler, the IllustriousEuJer, the most famous geometrician in Germany,... although he afterwardslived in Berlin, when the dramatic stage was beginning to receive againIts former actors, now tolerated and restored to favour,... always had apreference for marionette comedy and spent hours in watching them;It was an innocent and childish taste, and was specially referred to afterhis death by one of his confreres, Formey, before a full assembly of the" Accademia delle scienze. "That period of incontestable supremacy on the part of marionettes,gave rise to a strange custom, that ought not to be passed over in silence.At the beginning of the reign of Pulclnella, the dispossessed actors,naturally troubled and anxious with regard to their daily bread, werealmost compelled to enter the service of showmen, and to lend theirvoices to speaking the parts of the little " figurine " of puppet companies.Afterwards, when persecution began to be less bitter, these comediansreturned to the stage under the protection of the puppets, and togetherwith them, in order not to run too much against the prejudices andtastes of the public.At that time the " Haupt-und=staats-actionen " were introduced, akind of melodrama in prose, music and pantomime, that took its argumentsfrom mythology, from the Bible, from stories of knightly deeds, and infact from whatever source afforded opportunity for spectacular displaywith many " personaggi " and with complicated and ingenious machinery.In the representation of these p'ays living actors filled the parts ofsuch characters as were least likely to be objected t0,... some virtuous" personaggio " in good favonr with the audience... while marionettes,who had no fears, did all the rest.Some years later on, in the time of Beck and Reibehand, plays that were performed, partly by living actors, and partly by marionettes,possessed this very great advantage, in that they admitted of therepresentation on the stage, with great luxury of decoration, and richnessof detail, of the martyrdom of the saints, the slaughters of the ancientRoman circus, and the battles of the middle ages.Reibehand, leading comedian of a mixed company that was called the44 Compagnia privclegiata delle Corti di Brandebourg e Brandebourg=Bayreuth " had a play put upon the stage, entitled The Life and Deathof Santa Dorotea martyr. In the final scene of that very touching drama,the decapitation of the Saint was received with such rapturous enthusiasm,that the audience cried for it to be repeated... and immediately theobliging 44Impresario " stepped upon the stage, and restored the deadbody of the young Christian virgin to life, and placed her head on hershoulders again, and then decapitated It a second time with his ownhands, amidst the wildest applause of the public.&amp; In the meantime Wolfgang Goethe was spending the days of his youthin the paternal house at Frankfort on the Maine. In the immortal pagesof his 44 Memorie, " the illustrious writer of tragedies relates himselfthat the greatest of his infantile joys was a little marionette theatre,given to him by his grandmother on a Christmas Eve. A few yearsafterwards, in the days of sorrow, and especially during the occupationof Frankfort by the French army, Goethe made his little theatre thepastime and amusement of his family and neighbours. He managed allhis little wooden 44 personaggi " himself, presented some of the mostpopular plays of the time and also some of the most highly praised dramasof classic literature, introducing jiew characters as additions to theoriginal scheme, and improvising dialogues, episodes and farces adaptedfor his little puppets.Even when he had reached the age of twenty, and was preoccupiedwith the creation of his 44 Goetz von Berlichingen, " he did not forgethis puppets but, putting aside his mania for improvisation, he wrote acomedy for a small marionette theatre, called 44 Festivals of the fair ofPlundersweilern " in the course of which he criticised his own audience,and exposed their defects and prejudices.That youthful little 44 bagattella " has a particularity that is worthy of note, and it is this; the conduct of that work and certain episodes ofthe plot reveal an analogy with the legend of 44Faust. " As for the rest,the Fair of Plundersweilern," although tho work of early youth, wasnot by any means lightly regarded, even by Its author in his later life,and when he had risen to fame ; for we read that at the Court of Weimar,where he was a much favoured and honoured guest, he erected a smalltheatre, in order that the play might be performed again. He also addedanother composition on the occasion of the Princess Amelia's marriage.These two little comedies have not been lost; they are included, in fact,in a collection of Goethe's works, under the title of 44 Moral und politikMarionettenspiel. "The Court of Weimar was not the only one in Germany that soughtdistraction in a puppet theatre. In Hungary, at the country seat of theprinces Esterhazy, marionettes, of the utmost perfection of constructionand magnificence of dress, were displayed on a stage, which, for richnessand elegance, was in every way worthy of them. Prince Nicholas Josephassembled for them in his private theatre an orchestra, that comprisedsome of the ablest professors of the day, and the leader of it, in 1762,was the renowned Joseph Haydn.&amp; For those princely puppets the great 44 maestro ", in the fulness andvigour of his genius, (1773 to 1780) gave free rein to his fancy and com- posed some of the brightest and most graceful little plays in the world.One of the first was his 44 Toy Symphony ", in which all the musiciansabandon the orchestra, one at a time, and put out the light until there isonly a violin left to scrape the last note. Then there was the 44 children'sFair" another symphony for a fuil orchestra, the orchestra consistingonly of such instruments as are given to children as playthings: smalldrums, whistles, tiny trumpets, jew's harps, rattles, cymbals, bells andso forth. After that he wrote expressly for marionettes five 44 operette " :44 Filemon and Baucis, (1773)... 44 Genievre " (i777)««* " Didone ", (1778)....44 The vendetta " (no date)... 44 The witches sabboth ", (1778) all of whichwere played in the little theatre at Eisenstadt. 44 The lame devil " wasanother opera, that he composed in his early days for an Italian showmanof puppets, named Bernardone, who conducted a small Ltheatre at the44 porta Carinzia " in Vienna, and who remunerated the 44 maestro " for his work with the magnificent sum of twenty four zecchini. (less thantwelve pounds sterling.)Italian marionettes are surely entitled to boast that It was they whodeveloped In the brain of Goethe the first germs of his dramatic geniusand who Inspired in the mind of Haydn the first melodies of his greatmusical poem, the echo of which was afterwards to resound throughoutthe whole world. I said Italian marionettes, and I did not say it bychance, for as regards the illustrious composer of Eisenstadt, he beganhis career with the puppets of Bernardone, and as to the author of44 VVallenstein ", his early love for the theatre had its origin, undoubtedly,with the marionettes of Italy, who were established at Frankfort hardlyseven years after little Wolfgang's birth.In the famous 44 memories " of his life, Goethe made no secret of hislong and useful dramatic apprenticeship in the puppet school, nor did hein any way disguise the fact, that the original idea of his "Walienstein",and still more that of his 44 Faust ", was inspired; and took root, in hismind in front of a 44 castello " of 44 PuppenspielerMarionettes, indeed, provided something more for 44 Faust " than theidea and conception of the story. The scene of the Prologue, placedbeyond the limits of the created world, is an invention of the 44 Faust- puppenspiel " of Ulma... with this difference, that whereas the puppetdranra placed the prologue in the Inferno, before the throne of Satan,Cioethe preferred to put it in heaven in the presence of the 44 Dio padre."The monologue of the old doctor, with which the drama begins, belongsto the comedy of the two students of Tubinga 44 Tractaetten von Faust,eine comoedie, " composed for the marionettes of Frankfort in 1537. Thescene of the metaphysical dispute between Mephistopheles and Faust istaken from the puppets of Augsburg, The scene of the tavern at AuerbachIs found in the 4* Marionetten Faust " of Cologne. The great phantasma=goria with the witches at Blocksberg is met with in many of themarionette dramas, and chiefly in the 44 Faust " of Strasburg.these facts, the fruit of long and patient study and research, (nowcollated in the 44 Histoire des marionettes " of Ch. Magnin, Paris, 1862)have been brought to light from the voluminous works that have beenpublished with regard to the 44 Faust " of marionettes, by a brilliant company of learned German writers, and among them Friedrich von derHagen, Carl Simrock, Franz Horn, Emil Sommer, and lastly the mostfortunate of them all, Scheible," who collected and published in the44 Closter, " volume V, pages 747-922, together with his own criticalobservations, the text of the two Fausts of Geisselbrecht and Schutz,learned showmen of the eighteenth century, the five 44 Marlonettenspieler"of Ulma, Augsburg, Strasburg, Cologne and Lelpslc, and the 44 Faust alsSchauspiel by Cristian Ludwig Striglitz, a critical article publishedpreviously in the 44 Raumer Taschenbuch. " (!) P. Ferrigni. (ly See Das Puppenspie! vom Doctor Faust, Leipsic, 18SO. (1) Theatralisher Nac'aiaas.(2J See '» The Mask", Vol 111. p. 149. (x) The Li'e, acts and descent into Kell o! Dr Johannes Faust. THE PLAYS OF HROTSWITHA, FOREWORD. by Anatole France. J. S. (0 Jondon playgoers have recently had a reminder of Hrotswitha, (orHroswitha) the Saxon nun and playwright, in a performance of one ofher pieces, " Paphnutius, " given by the " Pioneers "at the Savoy Theatreunder the management of Miss Edith Craig.£? Hrotswitha, who was born in 935 and died about the year 973, was anun in the Benedictine convent at Gandersheim.The piece recently performed was translated into English by MissChristopher St. John, who, in her Preface, gives us in Hrotswitha's ownwords her object in writing her plays; which was, not fame or money,but " To make the small talent given me by Heaven create under the" hammer of devotion, a faint sound to the praise of God. "Of this intention and its outcome M. Anatole Prance has charmingly written in the following essay. have already made the avowal; I love marionettes,and those of M. Signoret especially please me. Theyare artists who shape them ; they are poets whoshow them. They have a naieve grace, a divineawkwardness of statues which consent to take thepart of dolls, and one is ravished at the sight ofthese little idols acting a play. Then consider that they were made for that which they do, that their nature is in confor- mity with their destiny, that they are perfect without effort.I saw this evening, upon a large stage, a lady of great talent andabsolute respectability who, dressed as a queen and reciting verses,wanted to pass herself off for the sister of Helen and of the celestialTwins. But she had a flat nose, and 1 was aware immediately by thissign that she was not the daughter of Leda. For that reason she actedand spoke in vain ; I did not believe her. All my pleasure was spoiled. &amp; With the marionettes one never has to fear a similar uneasiness. Theyare shaped in the likeness of the daughters of imagination. And theypossess a thousand other qualities so subtle that I couid not expressthem, but which I savour with delight.Now, what lam going to say is a little unintelligible; 1 shall say itall the same because it responds to a true sensation.These marionettes resemble Egyptian hieroglyphs, that is to say,something mysterious and pure, and when they perform a drama ofShakespeare or Aristophanes I seem to behold the poet's thought unfolditself upon the walls of a temple. In short, 1 venerate their divine in- nocence and I am very sure that, if old Eschylus, who was very muchof a mystic, should return to earth and visit France on the occasion ofour universal Exhibition, he would have his tragedies performed by thecompany of M. Signoret.JZ? I had it at heart to say these things because I believe, without flat- tering myself, that another would not say them, and 1 strongly suspectthat my folly Is unique. The marionettes respond exactly to the ideawhich 1 formulate for myself of the theatre, and I confess that this ideaIs peculiar. I should wish that a dramatic performance should recall insome way, so as to remain truly a play, the boxes of Nurembourg, theNoah's arks, and the pictures on clocks. But I would also wish that thesenaieve images were symbols, that a magic should animate these simpleforms, and that they were, in fact, enchanted This tasteseems bizarre; however, it must be considered that Shakespeare andSophocles satisfy It well enough.The Marionettes have recently (i) given us a comedy which was writtenat the time of the emperor Otho, in a convent in Saxony, at Gandersheim,by a young nun named Hrotswitha, which means the 'White Rose', orrather the 'Clear Voice', for the scholars are in doubt, and old Saxon isnot very easily read, which is a great grief to me.At that period the face of Europe was hazy and hairy. Things weresombre, souls uncouth. The men, dressed in shirts of mail and with theirheads covered with pointed helmets, which gave them the air of great pikes, all went to war, and throughout Christendom it was nothing butblows of lance and sword.Men built very gloomy churches, decorated with frightful and touch*ing figures such as little children make when they try to represent menand animals.The old stone cutters of the time of the emperor Oiho and of kingLouis d'Outre=mer had, like children, all the surprises and all the Joysof ignorance. At the capitals of the columns they set angels whose handswere bigger than their bodies, because it Is very difficult to get fivefingers into a small space, and these hands were none the less marvel*lous. So they had reason to be satisfied, these good image makers,in contemplating their work, which resembled nothing and suggestedeverything.■£? Ihe great birds, the dragons, and the little monstrous men of theRoman sculpture, these were, with the fierce illuminations full of de=vilries, and some manuscripts, all that Hrotswitha could know of thebeauty- of the arts. But she read Terence and Virgil in her cell, and shehau a gentle, cneerful and pure soul. She composed poems which a littlerecall those angels whose hands were larger than their bodies, but whichtouch us by 1 know not what of candour, innocence and happiness.&amp; It was, for these women shut up in a convent, a great amusement toacts plays. The dramatic representations were frequent in the conventsof noble and lettered maidens. No scenery or costumes : only false beardsto represent men. Hrotswitha composed some plays which she doubtlessacted with her sisters ; and these pieces, written in a rather scanty andaffected Latin, pretty enough, are quite the most charming curiositieswith which a spirit responsive to the breaths, the perfumes, the shadowsof the past, can amuse itself.'he was " «ood creature, was Hrotswitha; attached to her state,conceiving nothing more beautiful than the religious life, she had noother object, in writing plays, than to sing the praises of chastity. Butshe did not Ignore any of the perils which her favourite virtue ran inworld, and her theatre shows us the purity of the virgins exposedto all attacks. The pious legends which served her as subject suppliedmaterial in this respect. One knows what assaults the Agneses, the Barbaras, the Catherines and all those brides of Jesus Christ who puton, over the white robe of virginity, the .red robe of martyrdom, hadto sustain.■£? The pious Hrotswitha did not fear to disclose the furies of sensualmen. She jested about them at times with charming "gaucherie. Sheshows us, for instance, the pagan Dulcitius ready to throw himself likea devouring lion upon three virgins with whom he is without distinction,in love. By good fortune he dashes into a kitchen, believing that he isentering the room where they are shut up. His senses deceive him, and,in his folly, it is the plates and dishes that he covers with caresses. Oneof the young girls observes him through the chink of the door anddescribes to her companions the scene of which she is witness.£? **Sometimes ", says she, " he tenderly presses the saucepans to his" bosom, sometimes he embraces kettles and frying-pans and gives them" amourous kisses... already his face, his hands, his clothes are so soiled" and blackened that he looks just like an Ethiopian. "This is without doubt a picture of the passions which the nuns ofGandersheim could contemplate without danger. But sometimes Hrotswithagives a more tragic aspect to desire. Her drama of " Callimaque " is full,in its gothic dryness, of the troubles of a love stronger than death.The hero of the tragedy, Callimaque, is violently in love with Drusiana,the most beautiful and the most virtuous of the ladies of Ephesus.Drusiana is a Christian: ready to succumb, she asks Christ to save her,and God grants her petition in causing her to die. Callimaque only learnsthe death of her whom he loves after she has been buried. He goes atnight to the cemetary; he opens the coffin, he removes the shroud.Says he: " How sincerely 1 loved thee! And thou, thou hast alwaysrepulsed me! always hast thou gainsaid my vows. " Then, snatching thedead woman from her resting place, he presses her in his arms utteringa horrible cry of triumph : " Now she is in my power! "Callimaque afterwards becomes a great saint and loves no one but God.He had none the less given to the virgins of Gandersheim a terrifyingexample of the delirium of the senses and the troubles of the soul.The nuns of the time of Otho the Great certainly did not put theirpurity under the guardianship of Ignorance : two of the pious plays of their sister Hrotswitha transported them in imagination into the hauntsof vice. I refer to " Panuphtius " and to that " Abraham " of which themarionettes of the rue Vivienne have given us two performances. Onesees, in both of these dramas drawn from eastern hagiology, a holy manwho does not fear to visit a courtesan for the purpose of recaiiing herto virtue.This was usual enough among the good monks of Egypt and Syria,who thus anticipated by several centuries the preachings of the blessedRobert d'Arbrissel. The ' Panuphtius' of the Saxon poetess is a good Coptof the name of Paphnuti, whom M. Amelineau, to whom we shall turnour attention presently, (i) knows intimately. As for Saint Abraham, heis an anchorite of Syria whose life has been written In Syrian by SaintEphrem.&amp; Being old, he lived alone in a little hut, when his brother died,leaving one daughter of great beauty, named Mary. Abraham, assuredthat the life that he led would be excellent for his niece, had a cell builtfor her next to his own, from which he instructed her through a littlewindow which he had opened up.jgz? He was careful that she should fast, watch, and sing psalms. But amonk, believed to be a false monk, having approached Mary while theholy man Abraham was meditating on the holy scriptures, led the younggirl into sin, and she then said to herself: " It is better, since I am dead" to God, that I should go into a country where 1 am known to no one."And, leaving her ceil, she went to a neighbouring town which is believedto be Edessa, where there were delightful gardens and cool fountains,and which is still today the most agreable of Syrian towns.jg? Meantime the holy man Abraham was plunged in profound meditation.His niece had already been gone several days when, opening his littlewindow, he asked, ** Mary, why dost thou no longer chant the psalmswhich thou chantest so well?" And, not receiving any answer, besuspected the truth and cried, 44 A cruel wolf has carried off my sheep."jg? He dwelt in affliction for two years; after that, he learned that hisniece was leading an evil life.Acting with prudence, he begged one of his friends to go to the town to find out exactly how things were. The report of this friend was that,in fact, Mary was leading a very wicked life.■£? At this news the holy man prayed his friend to lend him a cavalier'scostume and to bring him a horse; and, having put on his head, so thathe shouid not be recognised, a great hat which covered his face, herepaired to the hostelry where he knew his niece was lodged.He cast his eyes on all sides to see whether he could see her; but,as she did not appear, he said to the Inn-keeper with a feigned smile:45 Master, they say that you have here a pretty girl. Could I not see her ? "The Inn-keeper, who was obliging, had her called, and Mary presentedherself in a costume which, according to saint Ephrem's own expression,sufficed to reveal her conduct. The man of God was pierced with sorrowby it. He affected gaiety, however, and ordered a good meal.Mary was, on this day, in a gloomy mood, and the sight of this oldman, whom she did not recognise,... for he had not taken off his hat,...did not at all dispose her to gaiety.The inn-keeper cried shame on her for such a bad attitude, and oneso contrary to the duties of her profession, but she said with a sigh,44 Would that it had pleased God that I had died three years ago! "»The holy man Abraham endeavoured to adopt the speech of a cavalieras he had taken the costume.&amp; " My girl, said he, I come here not to weep thy sins but to partakeof thy love. " But, when the inn-keeper had left him alone with Mary,*he ceased to pretend, and, taking off his hat, said weeping. 44 My daughter/44 Mary, do you not recognise me? Am I not Abraham who have taken44 a father's place to you ? "He took her hand and exhorted her all night long to repentance andpenance. Fearing above all to drive her to despair, he repeated to herall the time 44 My daughter, only God Is impeccable. "Mary had by nature a gentle soul. She consented to return to him.She wanted to take her dresses and jewels with her. But Abraham madeher understand that it was more becoming to leave them behind. He madeher mount his horse and led her back to the cells where they bothresumed their past life. Only the holy man took care this time thatMary's room should not communicate with the outer world and that one could not go out without passing through the room which he himselfinhabited; by which means, through the grace of Qod, he kept his sheep.The judicious Tillemont not only relates these facts in his history,but establishes its chronology with exactitude. Mary sinned with thefalse monk and bound herself in a brothel at Edessa in the year 358.She was led back to her cell in the year 360, and she died there insaintly fashion after a life full of merit in 370. These are precise dates.The Greeks celebrate on October 29th the festival of Saint Mary theHermit. This feast is marked in the Roman martyrology .for the 16thof March.On this subject the White Rose of Gandersheim, with the object ofshowing the final triumph of chastity, has written a pla&gt; full at thesame time of naievity and audacity, of barbarity and of subtlety, andwhich could only be aced by the Saxon nuns of the time of Otho theGreat and the marionettes of the rue Vivienne. (I) This essay appears through the courtery oi Mr John Lane, who is publishing a complete English edition ofthe works of M. Anatoie France, and has kindly allowed us to make the above translation from 14 La VieLitteraire. " (I) At the time when this essay was written, more than twenty years ago. Two other essays by M. AnatoiePrance on these marionettes and the piays of Hrotswitha appeared in The Mask, October 1?12. (1) An essay oa this subject is included in " La Vie Litteraire GORDON CRAIG AND THE THEATRE OFTHE FUTURE by John Cournos. (i) ur complex world has lost its power to comprehendsimple things. Therein lies the refined subtlety ofits punishment.One of the saner reactions of the times is thetendency of the newer arts to see beauty asevoked by the unspoiled vision of a child. Inpainting, the inclination is toward a powerful sim- plicity which shall express itself through purity of colour and purity of line, and the elimination of all extraneous factorsthat interfere with the most Intense expression of the central idea. Theage of faith has returned for the arts, and with it a larger desire in theartist to revvaken emotional serenity and joyousness in man, the twothings denied him in an age of unrest, which finds its artistic expressionin Realism.The theatre has suffered most from the depredations of naturalisticart. The very character of theatrical art has rendered it susceptible ofnearly ail the unhealthy forces operating singly in the other arts. It hasbecome the most impure, the most complex, of all creative forms. Aconglomeration of other arts, It has lost its own soul.&lt;£? Gordon Craig, the leading theorist in the theatre to-day, starts atthis point to buiid his theory for the Theatre of the Future. The uttersimplicity of his idea is astonishing, a fact which does not render it anythe less difficult to explain to the man who waits for an explanation onone foot.Drama must become dramatic again4P»Tphis is the chief burden of Mr Craig's message; and he looks upon hisschool at Florence as the veriest beginning of a dramatic renaissance. This revolutionary has set himself the task of disentangling the dra- matic art from the other arts with which it has become Involved through the centuries, and of Its restoration to the purity of its native essence,which Is Movement. He sees the modern theatre as a tawdry womanstrutting the boards, over-apparelled with garments presented by variousadmirers, who admire her for their own good. He wishes to rescue herfrom the hands of the literary man, from the hands of the studio painter,from the hands of the social and political reformer, and, finally, fromthe hands of the commercial manager.Mr Craig sees the need of restoring the theatre to its rightful heritage.The function of the theatre, as he comprehends it, is not to present thesuperficial semblances of life, but the soul of life; not Naturalism, butsuggestion; not representation, but interpretation; not dialogue, butaction ; not scenery, but atmosphere ; not ideas, but visions.There has been too much pamphleteering in the theatre, too much" pottering and peddling of psychology. "lt is a commentary upon the times that London should flock to aplay which had been decreed by the dramatic critics, though not in somany words, as the finest... that is, the most realistic... domestic squabbleever put on the stage. Its saving feature M as a " problem " ; but, as far asmay be gathered, the only thing all were agreed upon was that never had apoor factory girl lost her virtue under more auspicious circumstances.This Naturalism holds up ugliness as the very quintessence of life;and does it on the plea that it wants to improve life. Mr Craig repliesthat the Naturalists have the subtle truth to learn, that exhibitionof ugliness does not improve life, but reacts on it.jgp Beauty, on the other hand, begets beauty,&amp; " The duty of the Theatre, " exclaims Mr Craig, in one of his mani- festoes, " is to awaken more calmness and more wisdom by the inspira- tion exhaling from its beauty. Photographic and Phonographic Realisminjure the minds of the people. They thrust upon them a grotesque andinaccurate representation of the outward and visible life, with the divineessence,., the spirit... the beauty of life left out. "Again he sees in 44this false-witnessing Realism" a " traitor of theImagination ", that Imagination which Renan justly pronounced to be the" great consoler of life The most precious of gifts, whose sufferingsare delectable, which Is the foundation of the soul's health, the essential condition of gaiety, and which enables us to enjoy the madness of themad and the wisdom of the wise. "A work of art should be judged primarily by the quality of imaginationit stirs in us, and by the sheer power it has to exalt us. But this smallrealism leaves nothing to the imagination. Mr Craig shows his respectfor the playgoer by attributing to him the possession of the Imaginativefaculty, a faculty too often suppressed or crushed by the realistic theatre.He is in accord with the average theatrical manager's desire to produce" what the public wants, " only he believes that the public wants, andcan be trained to want, something better than is offered it.Having lost our digestion, we are offered pre=digested foods. Havinglost our imagination, we are offered Naturalism.Naturalism can represent beautifully a drawing=room, or a ladies'boudoir. It cannot even show a realistic street, because of the actual arealimitations of the stage; nor a realistic moon, because there is only onemoon, and that, thank Qod, is well out of the managers' reach ; much lessthe top of a mountain, a storm at sea, the vastness of space, the magnitudeof nature.Yet ail these could be suggested. There is no alternative to suggestion.JZ? Where Naturalism stops, there the real art of the stage begins... anart not bound by limitations, on a stage not encompassed by three wallsand a roof, and permitting an outlook upon life and all the urging andrestraining forces behind life.Man is small, the forces arrayed against him are various and large.Man is finite, Nature is infinite. Man strives towards one goal, the Fateslash him on towards another. Yet how heroic is man's striving; howmagnificent he looks against that background of sombre, palpitatingshadows, or against the freedom of the sky on a high mountain=top 1Not only is man in action, but the elements arrayed with him or againsthim are also charged with the same active spirit, and so the air is filledwith a portentous something; it is an atmosphere suggesting perhaps acoming clash, an impending catastrophe, and creating a mood of movingtragedy... and all in all a fit setting for a drama.&amp; There are critics who object to this ♦' dwarfing of the actor. " Theywould dwarf life instead. Comedy, again, should have its relative setting, as s.mple and asforceful in its way as tragedy. There are symbols in joyous lighting, andthe creation of an atmosphere of gaiety Is possible to the artist insuggestion.To help to create this setting or atmosphere, this spirit of concentratedreality in a world of emotion, this sense of space In small areas, Mr Craighas invented his simple devices. Par from being an end in themselves,they are Intended merely as a means for intensifying action and fortifyingvision.vlslon, indeed, Mr Craig regards as a neglected sense, atrophied bynon-nse. He looks upon the eye las a great instrument for absorbingdramatic emotion... since true vision does not end with the retina, butsinks deep into one's inner consciousness. The eye is not less than theear. The marriage of sight and hearing is the perfect union necessary forreceiving complete dramatic impression.Many people, having looked with admiration upon Mr Craig's designs,have gone away under the misapprehension that he wished to introduceoaintino-s into the theatre. It is unfortunate that a man's own workshould thus recoil upon him, and confuse minds as to his intentions,essentially so different. The absence of a permanent theatre, where hemight experiment and give concrete form to new ideas, has impelled himhitherto to seek another outlet for their expression, despite the limitationof that outlet or medium. Had he had such a place earlier, it is probablethese designs would never have been seen by the public. They mighthave taken the form of actual productions.VTow that Mr Craig's school at Florence is an assured fact, we can lookforward to some practical realisation of the theories he has advancedso persistently. The school has started out quite properly by issuing amanifesto of its principles, and a history of Mr Craig's endeavours tofound the institution. The pamphlet bears the suggestive title of A LivingTheatre, (i) While it contains nothing that is not known to us, being infact largely a reprint of articles that have appeared in The Mask andelsewhere, it is nevertheless a welcome evidence that the institution is at last in readiness to undertake the preparatory work of the Theatreof the Future.&amp; The founder himself considers the school the actual beginning of hiswork. Having mentally disposed of the modern theatre, he will startfrom the very ground. All that we have known so far is that experimentswould be conducted In Light, Sound, and Movement... the three elementsof the theatre ; first separately, then in relation to one another; thatthere would be some kind of effort to achieve unity, which is the oneunalterable law in the drama.Many months ago, long before there was an inkling of the nearrealisation of the school project, Mr Craig, in response to my questioning,kindly consented to give an outline of the methods he would employ inhis school. 1 shall submit here the sum of his answers. It will be seenfrom these that his methods are not only ingenious, but are even moreInteresting for the sane suggestion they contain for the foundation ofthe New Theatre. It was even then apparent from the voluminous f01i0...full of facts, plans, and figures... which he brought to his assistance, that hehad left nothing outside his calculation. And one cannot fail to note howcuriously his mind works, how strangely the practical in him blends withthe ideal, how significantly he animates all material things with symbols.'jrhe school will study the Past and Present and the speculative Future.Study of the Past will involve the Oxford and Cambridge methods.This will be dry evening work.Study of the Present will be thoroughly practical, productive. It willconvert small and immediate knowledge into quick returns. This classwill pursue its studies during midday.The Future will be early morning work. Dawn is the exciting time,full of symbolic significance. (Mr Craig recalls probably his Florentinenights in which he sat up far into the dawn, creating some of his finestdrawings.)If it is only a dry school, he remarked, it will be ruined in a shorttime, if a merely productive, it will be a vulgar school. If only makingexperiments for. the future, a mad school. To make the school practical,It will be all three... dry, vulgar, and mad... joined together. .g? There will be lectures on sound, movement, voice, light, history,theory. These will be often illustrated by the kinematograph and otherpractical means.One of the most important studies will be that of movement in nature.,,the movements of trees, wind, water, the flight of birds, the glide offish, snakes, the movement of the human figure.Comparisons will be made, with the object of discovering any vitalresemblance between the various movements and of establishing auniversal principle. It is probable that the virtues of the elements arethe purer movements of nature working in harmony; that what we callspiritual runs through all nature.it may be ultimately discovered that the height of the human move- ment is a square movement, or it may be a round movement, or it maybe a combination of the two. An effort will be made to find what is atthe root of all movements, and what are the primary forms of movement.All these movements from nature wili be taken to the table, dissected,tested thoroughly. Nature's secrets will be wrested from her. Only inthis way is it possible to get at the structure and internals of art. Theexternals of art are so attractive that it is easy to be deceived as totheir actual value.An attempt will be made to find a new road. The important thing isnot to be a pupil of Rembrandt or Hokusai, but of the thing which gavebirth to both men, a pupil of the thing they groped for. One must godirect to nature. The danger is in departing from nature. Artists are finewhere they resemble each other. The finest of Rembrandt's etched lines,without ornamentation, will resemble a line by Hokusai. Two straight,structural lines forming the sail of a mill, as drawn by Rembrandt, willin no wise differ, when least adorned, from those drawn by an Indian orby a Japanese. These two fine, sharp lines are chronicles of fact. Theygive the form. And form is valuable because it is an abiding thing, whilelight and colour are fleeting. Form keeps a -thing clear and orderly.Therefore, the geometry of nature which creates form will be studied.Without form there can be no life. All else is artifice. Ballet-dancing...the best of it... is artifice. The goosestep of a German soldier isartificial; the ordinary walking of troops is natural and magnificent. The high walking of horses is unnatural; a decently bred horse walksnaturally.&amp; The movements of man, horse, and tree have something in common,and it is that which should be captured. It is that which has the soul. ItIs something that unites all creation. It is something familiar, and if oneentered another life... that of worm, bird, or mammal... it should notdepart from him. If man went through all animal creation he would findalways that peculiar rhythm... suggesting perhaps the victorious; loveconquering death ; the power to conquer, etc. The artist, in this sense,Is a philosopher, a metaphysician arriving at his end by rapid calculation,steering clear of all complexity.£? In that section of the school given to the Present, the Europeandrama of to=day in its best aspects will be studied, with the object ofimmediate betterment. Productions will be given. These will not representthe last word. Plays like Sumurun will be tried. No masks will be usedin the Section of the Present.The mask will be studied in the Past Section, but actual experimentswith masks will be made in the Future Section. Everything will be keptsensibly in its place. The mask would be out of place in the moderntheatre. It has to do with the future. The mask in the Greek Theatrehas to do with the past. Everything outside the Present Section will beexperiment... mostly fragmentary. If a production shall be given It willrepresent good, solid workmanship, not a compromise. Walk every day,until you have 'learnt how to fly. The Practical Section of to=day willinclude patents and invention.A Museum will be connected with the school. This will contain chieflytheatrical devices of the past.jSf There will be a department of the Dance.&amp; The students will apply themselves, like archaeologists, to study allthat is known and much that is not known. They will study the Eastand the West; the religious and the comic; the folk, the aristocraticand the democratic; the sacred and the profane... the profane at itshighest.They will study all the typjcal theatres known and make models ofthem. These will include the Cretan, Greek, Roman, Italian, Religious, Shakespearean, and modern-stages. A record will be kept of all tests, andthe soundest theories used.There will be no " lingering so lovingly " over the past that theschool shall grow absorbed in it and become a weak imitation. On thecontrary, everything shall be done to .avoid the influence of the past. Thecontinuous study of nature will prevent that.*Tphese notes, jotted down in conversation, make one thing clear. MrGordon Craig does not believe that the Theatre of the Future can beproduced by the magician's wand, suddenly, out of a hat. fie regards it,as he regards all art, as a product of slow growth ; and the artist'smethods as resembling those of Nature itself. If the theatre is to beestablished as a strong and permanent institution, it must begin fromthe very beginning and rise to eminence only by slow and progressivemethods. He logically looks upon his school as that essentiai beginning, asyet hardly larger than a healthy germ, but equally susceptible of healthyand important development.None more than Mr Craig realises that it Is not for one man, nor yetfor several men, to carry on the work of the theatre's restoration. Hebelieves, however, that he has rediscovered an old truth, an eternal truth,and that any deviation from this truth is bound to be as disastrous forlife as for art. For him the Theatre of the Future has its roots, not inthe present, but in the deep past; this only as far as it affects the soulof the art; externally, it will, of necessity, belong to Modernity. (1) This article first appeared in " Poetry and Drama September 1913. As it seemed, however, to have aspecial relationship with " The Mask " it is reprinted here through the kindness of Mr Cournos and thecourtesy of the Editor of " Poetry and Dratra J. S. (1) Obtainable from The Publishers, Arena Goldoni, Florence. THE "TEATRO ALLA MODA": SomeNotes by Pierre Ramés. o creature smarts so little as a fool "! That wasone of Pope's sayings; and so little do the menand women of the stage seem to smart underthe continual criticisms and satires levelled atthem that it is really almost equivalent to a selfcondemnation and to placing themselves in thevery category they would wish to shun. In short,by their stolidity, they give themselves away. For age after age have their follies, their vanities, their weaknessesbeen held up to ridicule, sometimes sharply, sometimes good-humouredly ;and yet they continue blandly to pat themselves and each other on theback and think what fine fellows they are, instead of setting heart andsoul to the work of reform.For centuries they have been advised and warned, laughed at andparodied and twitted by men of their own profession or world, such asGherardi and Riccoboni, as well as by those who only looked on themfrom the spectator's point of view.Goethe, who loved the theatre, is yet found writing of the actors," In their lives they are either rakes or simpletons.... Ever greedy," ever confiding, they seem as if their greatest fear were reason and" good taste, their highest care were to secure the majesty of their" self-will: " while Carlo Gozzi, who lived among them, and worked withthem, declared, "It may be laid down as an axiom, to be accepted" with closed eyes, that the chief Idol of all actors is their venal" interest." (i)Gilbert a Becket chaffed them good-naturedly.... their absurdities andchildishness, in his " Stage Characters " (2); Jerome K. Jerome, in ourown day, did much the same In " On the Stage and Off ". Eleonora Duse,one of their own family, declared, after a lifetime of experience, that«« To save the Theatre the Theatre must be destroyed. The actors and actresses must all die of the plague "; because, 44 They poison the air,they make art impossible (i)&amp; But all these dicta of the wise or the witty, the satirist or the sage,never seem to stir them seriously to think, to question what it is inthemselves which gives rise to so much criticism and censure in theirbest friends as well as in those they might assume to be other thantheir friends. No Consideration seems, like an angel, to come " to whipthe offending Adam " out of them and bring them to a better mind.And now here comes one more voice from the dead, from the Veniceof two hundred years ago, raised against the follies of the theatre ofthat day, and proving, unfortunately, to be still grievously applicable inthis present year of grace.The voice comes to us through a little quaint, almost forgotten bookcalled 44 II Teatro alia Moda " and is that of Benedetto Marcello, a Venetiannoble and celebrated musician, who was born at Vfenice in 1686, beings .thus one year junior to Handal and Bach.&amp; Musician and poet that he was, of course he was enamoured of thetheatre, as who was not in that eighteenth century Venice where Goldoniand Carlo Gozzi were fighting the last battle between the old Commediadell'Arte and its adversary, the realistic literary play: where everyonewas associated in some way with the theatre, and where, as PhilippeMonnier says, the horizon of the people 44 seemed to be bounded byfoot lights, stage scenery, and a prompter's box. " (2) And, of course,loving the theatre, and, as an artist and patrician, hating mediocrity,what could he do but criticise it, condemn all that was mediocre, weak,foolish, in the object of his love ? So, when he was about forty years old,he published this little book, a keen satire, in which he makes fun ofeveryone and everything in the theatre, while pretending, in a seriousand businesslike manner, to teach the poets, managers, singers, musicians,costumiers and ail the rest of the motley crew how to please theiraudience and one another and win success.In the gravest tone he recommends all kinds of follies and absurditiesand extravagances, seriously treats of all the whims, the vanities, the pretensions of the various parties, and the complications which naturallyarise, and which put the impresarios of those days to their wits'ends justas they do today. As Vernon Lee has written, (2) " There is a perpetual44 struggle in this grand world of the " Teatro alia Moda, " a battle of44 conceit, avarice, imbecility, and servility, between the singers and thecomposer, the composer and the poet, the whole company and the" manager;... and to each and all Marcello lays down the law, quietlyteaches his part in the general scuffle, regulates and sistematises thet44 universal folly. "Marcello passes them all in review,... the poets, composers, Impresarios;the leading ladies and their 4 protectors', the costumiers, scene painters,dancers, supers, laying down rules for them all with mock gravity, andwith, at times, outbursts of the most extravagant nonsense, which, forail their extravagance, do not annul the solid truth which lies behind.It is true he decks his arrows with innumerable tags of ribbon andfeathers, with quips and jests and laughter; but they are barbed, forall that, and shot direct at the follies, intrigues, and stupidities he hasin view.Some of those figures of the 44 Teatro alia Moda " have, it is true,passed away with the age and conditions which gave them birth. The poetof today has, for instance, little in common with the shabby sychophant,patching together his plays from all kinds of sources, entering intoleague with cook and valet to share the fees he shall obtain throughtheir good will for flattering his patron, and writing long dedicatoryepistles to that same patron in which he shows his profound respect by44 kissing the jumps of the fleas of the feet of the dogs of his Excellency ".But when it comes to the "Impresario", and we are told that 44 the modern44 Impresario ought not to possess any knowledge of matters pertaining to44 the theatre, not in any way understanding music, poetry, painting,"...why, there we are 1 it might have been written yesterday of certainwell-known managers who 44 produce a play " only by paying a large staffof artists and craftsmen to produce it in their name.&amp; And then we are let into certain secrets of the succesful Impresario,which are, perhaps, not altogether out of date even today ! jg, a j||e greater part of the company " we are told, 44 has to be made44 up of women ; and, if two artistes should dispute the leading part," the impresario will make the poet compose two equal parts, makingit understood that the name of each character must be composed of44 the same number of syllables. "... Is that so very unlike the perplexitiesof a certain foolhardy American impresario who lately undertook, thoughunsuccessfully, to manage a tour for three ladies, all in their ownestimation 44 stars " of the first magnitude, who from the first dayintrigued and quarrelled and sulked as to the relative size and positionof their names on the play bills, the arrangements of their sleeping-cars,the hours of their meals, the number of their encores, and every otherdetail of the Expedition to such an extent, that a most reputable Ame- rican journal, (i) in referring to the break-up of this brief Triple Al- leance, declared that it seemed 44 to have been a Kilkenny cat-fight fromstart to finish " in spite of all the diplomacy and foresight the impre- sario could bring to bear.The Impresario is also advised by old Marcello to choose his actressesas being less remarkable for virtue than for charm, so that they mightthe more 44 abound in Protectors ", for 4Protectors' bring much goodmoney into a theatre.£/ And then the 4prime donne' themselves, with their 44 retinues ofparrots and lapdogs and monkeys and admirers ",... are they a vanishedrace ? ....was the arrival of a certain music hall star In New York, notlong since, with a similar train, any less extravagant? ....was It not thevery repetition on, a larger scale of that which Marcello ridiculed twocenturies ago ?j0 And do not these delightful ladies still make everyone wait for them atrehearsals? do they not still 44 miss many rehearsals ", sending charminglittle excuses instead ? And do they not still exploit their own personalities,making it known to the public that they are 44 the Signora QlandussaPelatuttl, and not the Empress Fllastrocca whom they are representing,although they behave like this majestic personage outside the theatre?''Do they not still have all kinds of subtle little ways of advertisingthemselves, of keeping in the limelight, of wasting everyone's time, of putting little hindrances in the way of the other actresses, of 44 weeping" floods of tears (through virtuous envy) at the applause of any other" person or bear or earthquake, etc", whose success is equal to orgreater than, their own?£? Doubtless there are many actresses who are above all these littletricks and weaknesses, but what impresario who is concerned with themanagement of these ladies, what intelligent reader of the daily andweekly theatrical journals, can deny that these conditions exist as widelyin the twentieth century as ever they did in the eighteenth ?Then there is the virtuoso, the male actor, with his self=importanceand his claims. These have increased rather than dimlnishedj and tosuch an extent that one of the more serious and distinguished figureson the London stage today, Mr H. B. Irving, has declared, relative tothe social pretensions of the actor, that, while his profession Is no barto his social enjoyments, " these should always be a secondary consider14 ration, and something of a luxury to be sparingly indulged in. An44 actor should never let himself be beguiled into the belief that society,44 generally speaking, is seriously interested in what he does, or tiiat44 popularity in drawing=rooms denotes success in the theatre, it does44 nothing of the kind ". While, writing on this same subject, Mr AlbertChevalier has said, 44 Of late years it has been the aim and object of44 certain actors to get into society. No criticism, however favourable,44 affords them more pleasure than paragraphs bracketing their names44 with leaders of fashion Once let society get the upper hand, and44 the actor develops into a snob of the most pronounced order .These are the words of sane men, who respect their own professionand position too much to cheapen it by cheapening themselves in theirefforts to enter a world which is not their own: but such men are un- fortunately rather the exception than the rule in the theatre world ; forthough the actor of today does not, it is true, crudely state that he44 kisses the jumps of the fleas of the feet of the dogs.of his Excellency "he sometimes comes very near the twentieth century equivalent of thefolly which Marcello thus extravagantly satirised.And it is a pity, for the actor is really too fine and capable a fellowto hold himself and his own world so cheap. But that is the harm from first to last. The Theatre holds itself toocheap. Or rather, those who claim to be its representatives hold it cheap.Their attitude Is apologetic. They must borrow from everywhere,...from painters, musicians, literary men, before they believe they haveanything good enough to give. They must prove what distinguishedpersons they are, not upon their own stages by.sincere and thoroughwork, but at the dining table of his Grace the Duke of this or in thesalon of her Grace the Duchess of that.They are truly interested in but one subject,... that is, in themselves.They must tell us at all times and in all places,.,. In lecture halls, atbazaars, at all kinds of public gatherings, that they are 44 Sir Oracle "...and 44 don't you be forgetting it. "They are past masters in the art of personal reclame. To this end theywrite books of 44 Memories " and *' Experiences;" they make speeches andgive interviews on ail occasions and on all topics, and smile benignlyon the fulsome paragraphs which announce their departure on someAmerican or continental tour as grandiloquently as if it were a matter ofgrave International import instead of merely Mr So=and=so keeping hiseye firmly fixed upon his own main chance.JS? Their portraits, with those of their leading ladies, grace the pagesof the illustrated papers above little facsimile notes recommendinghair~washes, motor cars, cold=creams or flannel shirts. They adorepublicity, though it be but the publicity of being present in a police4court at some 44 cause celebre," and, lest the public should follow Schiller'sadvice and 44 twine no wreaths for the actor " they take the best ofcare to twine them in season and out of season for themselves.In fact egoism looms large In the theatre. Its members are self=seeklng,and what they are seeking for themselves is something very small:... alittle money, a little ease, a little fame. And while they follow theselittle things, men and women alike, they neglect a great opportunity;and when they have got them,... for they do get them, and out of allproportion to their deserving,... they are none the better but rather theworse, and the cause they should have helped to lift to the stars isdragged as ever In the dust.What they need is a Master in the Theatre,... a Master with an ideal so great that it and he shall compel obedience; and then the small thingsshall be forgotten, and, under his rule, order shall take the place ofwaste and anarchy, strength shall stand In the place of weakness, andlarge impersonal aims where selfishness was before; and the emptyoutworn shell of the Theatre shall be discarded with all its parasites,and the soul of the Theatre shall rise to a height from which 44 itsimperishable beauty can be felt by the whole earth. "The little personalities have worked havoc with the Theatre. Inthe great Personality, the great Master, will be its salvation; for:" The man or woman who greatly and entirely loves the art of the" Theatre, with a love In which no grain of selfishness lingers, but which44 is surrounded by circles of pride, such a one can heal the Theatre...." can restore vitality to its poor and broken body and can then perform44 The Miracle with its soul. " (i) (1) The Mask. Vol: 111 page 173.(2) The Mask. Vols: II &amp; 111. (1) Recorded by Artbhr Symons " Studies iu Seven Arts. " Constable.(2) Tbe Mask. Vol; HI page 101. (I) the XVIII Century in Italy, page 105. (1) New York Dramatic Mirror Oct 29 1913. (I) Gordon Craig. " Letter to Madame Eleoaora Duse. " The Mask. Vol. I. page 13. "IT'S ABOVE MY HEAD". A Note by John Balance. his is a phrase very popular with a large numberof persons. They apply it to almost all things inheaven and earth which, rising above the level ofmediocrity, require the exercise of some effortbefore they are comprehended, and, although thewords may sound like the utterance of modestythey are really the expression of an impertinentdisparagement of that which the speakers do not value, and the flabby avoidance of any mental exertion when confrontedby something they do not understand.Curiously enough, it would seem on enquiry that, for the most part,the most stupendous things escape the blight of this phrase and thelesser things, .... the things which might be apprehended with somelittle effort.... do not; that very costly things escape, while that whichis humble does not; that very aged things escape while that which isyoung does not.&amp; Thus, in Nature, the Alps command the respect of sma!l°mindedpersons as well as great, but the flowers which grow upon the Alps donot. So, again, they have not a word to say against the Hon or theelephant, recognising in them some force and greatness, but the humblerbeasts, the ox and the ass, they treat with very poor courtesy. Again,they value the eagle on account of its age, its strength and the difficultyof procuring it, but they fail to see the value in the ordinary partridgeor the other birds they kill for sport. The idea of preserving these orappreciating the wonder of these is 44 above their heads&amp; Then again, these little gentlemen have nothing disrespectful to sayconcerning the Sphinx, but a sniali Egyptian figure of the same periodis 44 above their heads ". The fact of the first being in the desert andnot being my, or any other individual, property, added to its great size,impresses them ; while the tiny and amazing figure standing upon mywriting table does not.is size, cost and age which make an impression upon thethick senses of these persons, though in the case of age it must usually be merely a " ripe old age " and not too ancient. Thus St Peter's atRome commands their attention and respect while the Coliseum is " abovethem ' , and the frescoes by Michaelangelo are " quite extraordinary "while the paintings at Pompei are " very clever " but are " above theirheads ".Then, again, these gentlemen cannot tolerate anything of gravity ordelicacy unless It be allied with something that is almost threatening inits force. It Is for this reason that they let Alichaelangelo pass,... thereis something queer about the look of his eye,... but Fra Angelico Is forthem a fool and Botticelli nothing but a bore, while as for Giotto,well, ** Giotto may be very wonderful you know, but its above myhead ".If literature be the topic the name of Caesar would somehow commandrespect and Dante's might, but Theocritus would certainly not. Shakes- peare, being so well known by the majority, passes with most of themwhile Marlowe, his contemporary, does not. Beethoven they admit as" a wonderful musician " but Palestrina and Tenaglia they stigmatise as*' above their heads. "j£&gt; Now all these artists that I have mentioned are among the dead.Their creative faculty can no longer be injured by the cold or warmth ofthe reception given to their works. But when we come to the men oftoday or of the last few years, ...the modern masters of art and science,the matter is very much more serious, the -harm done by this discreditableclass of critics very much more great.A moment's thought confirms thus.&amp; There is hardly a master of the last fifty years in either of these twoprovinces of art and science who has not been received with upliftedeyebrows and with the blighting phrase which forms the subject ofthis Note.The list is a very long one, and the citation of a few of the nameswill serve.and Orville Wright, Marconi and even Edison have been so disparaged, havehad to do their work in this supercilious atmosphere. True, these lazythinkers have managed to understand something of Marconi and Edison on account of the monetary value of the work of these men and thepratical benefits which even the most lethargic have been able to derivefrom them ; but to Darwin, who did not put money In their pockets,our phrase may often be heard applied.Coming then to the arts of yesterday we find that the followingartists have been 44 above the heads " of these gentlemen from thebeginning until now.&amp; In music, Wagner, Tschaikowsky, Rachmaninov, Brahms, Debussy, andeven Grieg. In painting and sculpture, Gauguin, Daumier, Whistler,Rodin, Cezanne, Lautrec, Beardsley, Van Gogh and even people muchmore easily understood, are 44 above the heads " of these people.&amp;In literature, Meredith, Swinburne, Browning, Rossetti, Whitman,Nietzsche, Ibsen, Strindberg, Byornson. In the Theatre, ...but I will avoidthe topic; there everyone was 44 understoodNow, what is it about the work of all these artists which calls forththis phrase ?It is simply this:... that there can be no half "hearted opinion aboutthe work of these men. Whoever speaks about them at all must hold adefinite opinion and must attempt to give logical reason for this opinion;that is to say, must exercise intelligence, and this, as I have said, isexactly what these people will not do.jg? They seem frightened to do it. They seem frightened to make amistake. They seem to forget that it is no reproach to the 44 "man that he be absolutely without an eye for painting or ear for musicand that in his heart he should prefer the popular print to the scratchof Rembrandt's needle, and the songs of the Music Hall to all the worksof fine art.him have but the wit to say so and not feel the admission aproof of Inferiority and all will be well. It Is not as though we areconcerned here with the most finished scholar or the greatest gentlemanin the land. We are concerned with the majority, with those who, bysome pressure of weight and numbers, influence those more criticallyinclined towards a false conclusion. These numberless gentlemen andladies who are continually talking about 44 Having to liveup to somethingwhich is above them. " By means of this single phrase alone they create in the heart andhand of the critic a certain over°cautiousness which has paralysed thespirit of modern criticism. Criticism, certainly the best criticism hasnow in its turn become 44 above the heads " of journalists are themouthpiece of this mob with whom we are concerned.Now let it be definitely stated that this feebleness is nowhere morepervasive than in England, it is of no use to claim that this attitudebelongs to the ignorant only, and that the ignorant are not to be reckonedwith, for it is, unfortunately, just the ignorant who to be reckonedwith, since ignorance is the 44 one only evil " from which all other evilsare bred.As 1 have said above, these ignorant people do not realise that thereis such a thing as mental as well as physical athleticism ; that there issuch a thing as a mental cold bath which braces the intellect just asthere is the actual cold bath which braces the body. These people have,very rightly, the utmost horror of any man who is unathletic In bodyand who is fearful of the modern cold douche, and it is thereforeall the more extraordinary, it is, in fact, almost incredible, that theycannot see that it is very desirable that men should have exercise forintelligence; that nothing, however intellectual and exalted, shall bespoken of as being 44 above their heads, " out of their reach, for that isan admission of mental cowardice and inertia; it is the equivalent ofsaying, 44 1 was afraid ; he looked much stronger than 1. "If these people would only remember that the mere fact of beingstronger or weaker is of no account. It is the desire to become strongerwhich counts, for In this Is the guarantee of future strength. Desireimplies effort, and this effort will involve the use of all the faculties,and, consequently, their development. There is another sense thanDryden's in which 44 the wise for cure on exercise depend, " and thecure for the mental inertia which finds expression in the phrase 44 itsabove my head " is in a keen and patient effort to rise mentally to ahigher plane.when such effort becomes the rule we shall no longer find the creativepowers of our greatest artists and scientists being obstructed or weakenedby the blighting reception now usually accorded to their work. We shall find them, on the contrary, prompted and Inspired to ever greater andloftier achievements by the eager pressure behind them of those who,alert, intelligent, impatient of all but perfection, generate an atmosphereof enthusiasm and exhileration around their work. A WORD ON GREAT MEN, by Victor Hugo. Qreat minds are importunate; to deny them a iittie is judicious.After ail, let us admit it at last, and complete our statement;there is some truth in the reproaches that are hurled at them. Thisanger is natural. The powerful, the grand, the luminous, are in a certainpoint of view things calculated to [offend. To be surpassed is neveragreable; to feei one's own inferiority leads surely to feel offence. Thebeautiful exists so truly by itself that it certainly has no need of pride;nevertheless, given human mediocrity, the beautiful humiliates at thesame time that it enchants : it seems natural that beauty should be avase for pride, it is supposed full of it, one seeks to avenge oneself forthe pleasure it gives, and this word superb ends by having two senses,one of which causes suspicion of the other.&amp; It is the fault of the beautiful, as we have already said. It wearies...a sketch by Piranesi bewilders you ; a grasp of the hand of Herculesbruises you. Greatness is sometimes In the wrong. It is ingenuous, butobstructive. The tempest thinks to sprinkle you, it drowns you; the starthinks to give light, it dazzles, sometimes blinds. The Nile fertilizes, butoverflows. The " too much "is not convenient; the habitation of thefathomless is rude ; the infinite is little suitable for a lodging. A cottageis badly situated on the cataract of Niagara or in the circus of Garvarnie;it Is awkward to keep house with these fierce wonders; to frequentthem regularly without being overwhelmed, one must be a cretin or agenius. sie dawn itself at times seems to us Immoderate: he who looks atit straight suffers; the eye at certain moments thinks very ill of thesun. Let us not then be astonished at the complaints made, at theincessant objections, at the fits of passion and prudence, at the cataplasmsapplied by a certain criticism, at the opthalmies habitual to accademiesand teaching bodies, at the warnings given to the reader, at all thecurtains let down, and at all the shades used against genius. Genius isintolerant without knowing it, because it is itself. How can people befamiliar with Aeschylus, with Ezekiel, with Dante ?&amp; The I is the right to egotism. Now the first thing that those beingsdo, is to use roughly the I of each one. Exorbitant in everything, inthoughts, in images, in convictions, in emotions, in passions, in faith,whatever may be the side of your I to which they address themselves,they inconvenience it. Your intellect, they surpass it; your imagination,they dazzle it; your conscience, they question and search it; yourbowels, they twist them, your heart, they break it; your soul, theycarry it off.&amp; The infinite that is in them passes from them and multiplies them,and transfigures them before your eyes every moment; formidable fatiguefor your gaze. With them you never know where you are. At every turnthe unforeseen. You expected only men, they cannot enter your roomfor they are giants; you expected only an idea, cast your eyes down,they are the ideal: you expected only eagles, they have six wings: theyare seraphs. Are they then beyond nature? Is it that humanity failsthem ?Certainly not, and far from that, and quite the reverse. We havealready said it, and we insist on it, nature and humanity are in themmore than in any other beings. They are superhuman men, but men.Homo sum. This word of a poet sums up all poetry. St. Paul strikeshis breast and says " Peccamus. " Job tells you who he is... " I am theson of Woman. " They are men. That which troubles you is that theyare men more than you: they are too much'men, so to speak. Therewhere you have but the part, they have the whole : they carry in theirvast heart entire humanity, and they are you more than yourself: yourecognise yourself too much In their work: hence your outcry. To that total of nature, to that complete humanity, to that potter's clay, whichis all your flesh, and which is at the same time the whole earth, theyadd, and it completes your terror, the wonderful reverberation of theunknown. They have vistas of revelation, and suddenly, and withoutcrying 44 Beware, " at the moment when you least expect it, they burstthe cloud, make in the zeneth a gap whence falls a ray, and they lightup the terrestrial with the celestial. It is very natural that people shouldnot greatly fancy familiar intercourse with them, and should have notaste for keeping neighbourly intimacy with them.Whoever has not a soul well tempered by vigourous education avoidsthem willingly. For colossal books there must be athletic readers, (i) Itis necessary to be strong and healthy to open Jeremiah, Ezekial, Job,Pindar, Lucretius, and that Alighieri and that Shakespeare. Homely habits,prosy life, the dead calm of consciences, 44 good taste, " and 44 commonsense," all the small placid egotism is deranged, let us own it, by thesemonsters of the sublime.Yet, when one dives in and reads them, nothing is more hospitablefor the mind at certain hours than these stern spirits. They have allat once a lofty gentleness, as unexpected as the rest. They say to you,Come in. They receive you at home with a fraternity of archangels. Theyare affectionate, sad, melancholy, consoling. You are suddenly at yourease. You feel yourself loved by them: you almost imagine yourselfpersonally known to them. Their sternness and their pride cover aprofound sympathy: if granite had a heart, how deep its goodness wouldbe! Well, genius is granite with goodness. Extreme power possessesgreat love. They join you in your prayers. They know well, these men,that God exists. (1) And for the enjoyment of ail " colossal99 works of art. A LECTURE ON DRESS by E. W. Godwin. F. S. A. 1868. COSTUME DESIGNS by E.W. Godwin. F. S. A. 1874. A COSTUME DESIGN by E.W. Godwin. F. S. A. 1874. COSTUME DES IGNS by E.W. Godwin. P. S. A. 1874. 335 adies and Gentlemen,We are met at the outset of the subject which1 have selected for our consideration tonight bythe question, What has Dress to do with the studyof Architecture and Archeology? It Is quite pos- sible, too, that those who give up to us in every- thing else, who allow us the right to dogmatiseabout arches and pillars,..,, who accept our art views of buildings without question and our antiquarian conclusions asgospel will also meet us at the outset with the advice that we shouldmind our own business and leave dress where we at present find it, i. e.,under the arbitrary power and sole despotic sway of the French millinersand the west-end tailors.&amp; It will be my endeavour in the few following remarks to answer the" question" by showing dress in its relation to architecture and archeo- logy and to prove to you that we ought to decline accepting the "advice"for the simple reason that the study of dress is or ought to be as muchthe business of the architect as the study of animal or vegetable life orindeed of any of the studies accessional to the main science of building.&amp; Again, to people unaccustomed, as we are, to the free use of the fi- gure as an architectural decoration the subject may at first sight appearof too trifling a nature to be ventilated before a society like this. Butit must be remembered that although the figure has been graduallyestranged from architecture during the last four centuries and historicalportraiture has been suffered to become altogether a thing of the pastthere is at the present time a very strong disposition on the part ofsome architects to employ sculpture in its old and only legitimate func- tion, viz, as a handmaid to architecture.Nor will the service of the figure stop here. Already there are verysignificant works completed and in contemplation other than those ofthe plastic art where the human figure forms the base of the decorations.vWe find it painted on our ceilings and on our walls, we find it iniaid in mosaic on our floors, walls and roofs, and In sonic few eases animatingthe whole skeleton of the architecture. Nor need we hesitate to predictthat it will not be long before this revived delight in God's noblest andfinal work of creation will make itself felt more generally; when mere*- * 1millinery will give place to art in textile fabrics; when in our churchesat least upon altar cloth and vestment and hanging the human form assaint or angel will be " wrought about with gold and divers colours. "Now in art, if we omit altogether the barbarism of academic blankets,there are only two systems of dress. The one historical, the otherconventional. The one by clothing the person represented in the habit ashe lived when he belongs to a past age involves the study of archeology;the other by clothing him in the fashion of the artist's own time (whichlast may also become historical when the person represented is contem°&gt;porary with the artist) involves the study of the fashion of the day.£? The last system was almost invariably adopted in past times underall conditions.it is manifest that the more perfect course, (that indeed which weshould take) Is to adopt both systems, the first for the representationof the past, the second for the portrayal of the present. Prom the scienceof archeology diligently followed we may certainly learn one system.The question is, are the fashions of today capable of being raised to any,even the lowest level in the temple of Art ?&amp; I think they are. Let us consider how.lt has been said, and 1 see no reason whatever to question the assertion,that all art is the expression of man's delight in God's works. We maytake it for granted that no one wishes to dress u/iartistically. Even ifgentlemen be indifferent it would be heresy to suppose for one momentthat the time and money which ladies spend upon dress were purposelydevoted to the production of the unnatural unartistlc and therefore uglyresults which we so often see. The evil rests not with ladies andgentlemen except in so far that passiveness and indifference are evils, butis rather to be found in the restless brains of milliner and tailor. To fightagainst these is no slight work and rather than engage in it peoplesubmit their necks to the yoke. Much good however might be done ifthere was more home»made work. For we can scarcely imagine that anyone with a power of apprehending form and an eye for seeing colourcouid consciously watch and permit the execution of such things asthose illustrated in the fashion books of this month,course 1 have not such unbounded faith as to suppose that everyonepossesses an eye for form or colour, besides which there are degrees inart aa In everything else. There are some people who will be alwaystalking, to whom the myriad glories of nature and the highest excellenciesof art are all equally 44 charming, " or 44 pretty " or 44 beautiful " ornice. These are the people who wear things not because of any beautyin the articles but because they are 44 worn Just now " and because theyare the last things out. There are happily others to whom nature andart are something more than pretty or nice, people who can take in theBeautiful and the message which it bears them quietly and peacefullywith just perhaps a little more electricity as the spirit yearns to thank 9fulness and praise. These are those who robe themselves in purity ofcolour, In simple graceful forms, subtle harmonies and delicate contrastsfor their own sakes and not because 44 they are worn. "Between these two extremes the many may be classed, and it is withthe many we have to do, for the lowest will follow the many althoughalways in the rear and the highest may generally be left to themselves.There is perhaps one imperfection from which even the highest arenot exempt, and it may be that their very gentleness is one reason whythe imperfection clings to them. If the English nation were not so rude,IIf our men and boys could allow people whose dress was slightly differentfrom others to pass unmolested, if all our schools, national and others,gave the sense of vision the instruction it ought to receive, the obtrudingugliness of crinoline would long since have quite disappeared : but thelow observations of street boys and the rude stares of many both in thelower and the middle classes which the absense of popular uglinessesevokes require to be met with more courage than Is perhaps consistentwith that tenderness which is such a special attribute of gentle life#Nevertheless we all doubtless know those who have passed tills ordealbut not without at first some self-denial and some little pain# Be thisas it may there is no reason why popular and particular forms of uglinessshould not be dispensed with in the house. &amp; But the Important features of dress to which 1 wish to call yourattention tonight are:1. The cut of the sleeves.2. The neck piece.3. The trimming.Now I shall ask your attention to a few illustrations showing howthey managed these things In days of old.jry We may pass by Egypt, Greece and Rome Inasmuch as our climateforbids us to profit much by the dresses of those nations howeverbeautiful and appropriate they may have been. One thing however worthnoticing Is that both in classic and mediaeval fashions the shape of thearm was almost always maintained either by being left bare or, as inthe middle ages, by tightly-fitting sleeves at least from the wrist tothe elbow.An examination of the manuscripts, monuments, marbles and ivoiiesin the British Museum alone will be sufficient to convince us of thegreat Importance of this fashion and will enable us to account for itslong continuance; for there can be no question that much of the life,action, yiguor and grace of the figure work of the past depends on thelimbs we are considering being unencumbered.From the few rough diagrams before you (1) taken from examples of themost popular dresses of the best periods of mediaeval art you may observethat the complete visible outdoor dress of both men and women principallyconsisted of three garments: the undermost was the gown, robe or funic;over that was the dalmatic, surcoat, cyclas or super-tunic, and then comethe mantle. Hoods, caps and kerchiefs were worn upon the head eithersingly or in combination: whilst coloured or embroidered hose andleather shoes or boots showed beneath the tunic.Of the smaller articles of dress then commonly in use such as girdlesand other mercery we have a long list in a 13th century song called" The Mercer. " It includes :Fine gloves for little damesFurred glovesWimples dyed In saffron Kerchiefs with ties of silk and of linen embroidered withflowers or birds for the young beaux to coif themselves inpresence of their sweetheartsHempen ones for the clownsMuffles for the handsHose of BrugesStamped leather red and green, white and blackPretty little girdlesBuckles for girdlesLeather purses with buttonsSilk and linen pursesLittle chains of steelLaces for surcoats with knotsLaces for lacing sleevesLace tagsShoe bucklesBroaches of brass and of laten gilt or silveredFine tassels for fixing with great buttons of gold or silkSilver and brass pinsNeedlesThimblesJewel cases, Tablets, Good soap of Paris and all the utenselsnecessary for a lady's toilet. (Razors, forceps, looking glasses,tooth brushes, tooth picks, bandeaux, crisping irons, combs,Rose Water with which they furbished themselves, cottonwith which they rouge and whitening with which theywhiten themselves.)All borders or anything approaching what we now call trimming wereeither woven or stitched In the stuff itself or embroidered and sewn on.The materials of which the dresses of the 13th and 14th centuries weremade were of every degree of quality from home-spun woollen fabric tocloth-of-gold from over the sea. The favourite colours In the beginningof the 13th century were green and red as we see by reference to theMSS, effigies and wall-paintings of that period. The devices and em- broidered work were chiefly in gold and silver applique work was sometimes used, the animal and other forms cut out in silk or dyedlinen as in a fragment preserved In the British Museum.&amp; |„ Henry Ill's reign it would appear that the dresses of the higherclasses in England were bordered with fringes. The Pope was so pleased,says Matthew of Paris, with the effect of some gold fringe worn by someEnglish in their choral copes and head dresses that he exclaimed " Of a«* truth England is our garden of delights; truly is it an inexhaustiblewell in which many things abound ; from many things many may be'« extorted " and thereupon ordered the Cistercian Abbots to send himsome choice gold fringe without delay.&amp; The furs of sables, foxes, ermines, martens and squirrels with vair,(minevair or minulo) were used as linings to the winter mantles andsuper-tunics. There were also two distinct kinds of mantle; one themantle proper or state dress, the other the travelling dress, cloak,supertotus or over-a!l.The only changes of importance which took place in the civil dressof the period I am speaking of were those made In the cut and form ofthe super-tunic and the substitution of buttons for laces.Two great extravagances, however, mark the close of the period. 1mean the length of the ladies' trains and particular form of head-dress,both of which have been repeated within our own time.&lt;£? The attention of the mediaeval satirist was often directed to thesefollies of costume. tl I have heard of a proud woman" writes one, 44 who" wore a white dress with a long train which trailing behind her raised" a dust even as far as the altar and the crucifix. But as she left the44 church and lifted up her train on account of the dirt a certain holy" man saw a devil laughing and having adjured him to tell why he44 laughed the devil said, 'a companion of mine was just now sitting on44 the train of that woman using it as if it were his chariot but when44 she lifted her train up my companion was shaken off into the dirt and" that is why I was laughing ". Again, the ladies are advised if theirlegs be not handsome, nor their feet small and delicate, to wear longrobes trailing on the ground to hide them. Another writer compares theladies to peacocks and magpies because they delight In strange habitsand have long tails that trail in the dirt. The false hair Introduced into the head-dress fashionable during thereign of Ldward 1 and the whole style of the head-dress of that timereceived, and justiy so, bountiful condemnation. In the Imperial Libraryat Paris a satiricai song, written in the beginning of the 14th century,after telling us that the Bishop of Paris is a theologian and a philosopher,makes this great authority observe that a woman is too foolish a husseywho puts a false hair on her head and paints herself to please the world,A woman is not free from sin, says the bishop, who has her hair darkor blonde according to nature when she places her intention and carein fixing the false hair along on her tresses. Another critic, attackingthe frisettes of his day, says that between the towel or gorget and thetemple and the horns there is a space through which a rat might passor the largest weasel between this and Arras.£? With the approach of the 14th century was recuscitated also the\custom of tight lacing. At first it was little more than a close fittingneatly-laced body such indeed as we see in the best effigies and illutni*nations. But the almost Qreek simplicity, purity and grace of the 13thcentury gradually disappeared in the 14th until it was ultimately lost inthe full tide of the restless luxurlousness of the 15th century, and it wasnot until then that tight-lacing in the sense we unfortunately know itbecame a general fashion.jz? It is time, however, that I returned to the cut of the sleeves, theneck or collar, and the trimming./Amongst the list of mercery which I quoted just now from a manus- cript of the 13th century you may remember that besides Lace tags andLaces for surcoats with knots there was another kind described asLaces for lacing sleeves. If we accept the authority of this manuscript,(and there is no reason why we should not), there can be no doubt thatthe' Lace fastening whether for body, foot or arm was that which wasgenerally adopted by well-dressed people during the reign of the thirdHenry. That such laces are not apparent either in the drawings orsculpture of the 13th century is no argument against their use becauseit must be remembered that, like the fringes to which 1 have referred andthe use of which Matthew of Paris places beyond question, they were byno means easy to represent unless the artist sacrificed some of that breadth and wise conventionality of treatment that it was his chief aimto attain and which constitute now his chief claim to our reverence andadmiration.In the early sleeves the upper part from the elbow to the shoulderwas very loose and wide so that the lacing extended only as far as fromwrist to elbow, in many cases probably not more than half that distance.As the century advanced the love of finery grew greater and greaterand the reader of the chronicles of that time will not fail to observehow presents of necklaces and jewels become more frequent towards theapproach of the 14th century.So In dress the lace gave place to the enamelled and jewelled button,but, whether laced of buttoned, the sleeve was as a rule always tightfitting. As the button fashion became established these little excrescencesextended further and further until they even reached the shoulder, andwith this excess tight fitting was also carried to excess and applied tothe entire sleeve of the tunic.It may be worth while pausing here for a moment to note how easilya new fashion irreproachable in itself may drift into the preposterous.jg? The button fastening which took the place of the lace fastenings inthe last quarter of the 13th century are possibly preferable to thelatter on practical grounds as offering not only less hindrance in dressingbut more opportunity for obtaining a greater variety of useful ornament.In all the early and good examples it will be found however that In nostation of life were they employed in any other way than as fastenings,rarely reaching and never going beyond the elbow in the sleeve and inthe body rarely reaching and never going beyond the waist. In our wisemodern copyism we have in this as in other matters imitated only theextravagance and folly of the past.The neck piece of the tunic both in men and women was at first cutclosely round the base of the neck and an opening made in front justlong enough to allow the dress to be easily slipped over the head andgive room to admit the arms into the sleeves. After the 13th centurythe neck piece was cut lower and square but there was a transitionalshape which is occasionally met with and of which 1 give an exampletaken from that superb manuscript the Arundel Psalter. We come now to the consideration oi the super-tunic, a garmentwhich must perforce enlist the sympathies of us all from the similaritywhich its history bears to the history of modern dress.The super-tunic, unlike the tunic or the mantle, was always changing.Fashion seems to have been as restless then as she is now only in thoseartistic days her restlessness was limited; and for nearly a century shewas satisfied to confine her frolics within the borders of the super-tunic.This garment is in the first placs of almost any length from the shortor curtailed dalmatica reaching little lower than the knee to the longdress which trailed some yards upon the ground.The sleeves were sometimes long and sometimes short. But a common#form of the supertunic was the sleeveless dalmatica which after thereign of Henry 111 was so cut as to become not only sleeveless but sidelessfrom the shoulder to the waist.ln the exquisite drawings of Queen Mary's Psalter, the manuscriptmarked 2. B. VII in the British Museum, we constantly meet withexamples of the short super-tunic. From this and other sources we learnthat the skirt was sometimes open in front and sometimes at the backand sometimes on both sides as high as the hip, that there was a greatvariety of sleeves and that it was only ladies cf high rank who appearto have worn the sleeveless surcoat or the pendant sleeve.jg? The neck of the super-tunic was generally cut like that of the tunic,open in front and laced or buttoned, the hood being sometimes attachedto it and sometimes worn as a distinct article of dress with a small cape.But with the reign of the second Edward and the fopperies and foolerieswhich were encouraged by the favourites of the Court the cut of theneck piece grew lower and lower.g? The mantle, super-totus or overall was a particularly elegant part ofthe 13th and 14th century costume if we except one kind as a travellingdress sometimes called balandra.ua and which possessed long, full andshapeless sleeves. The collar or neck-piece of the mantle in its simplestform was concentric with the neckt as the tunic and supertunic fell moreupon the shoulders so too the outer garment was gradually allowed tofall lower.jg? The fastenings were of three or four kinds. First we have the fibula or brooch, buckle or clasp in front and on the right shoulder, in thelatter case the mantle being twisted round ; then we have the broadfi »band or link often richly embroidered ; then the long cord, and last thebutton fastening when the upper part of shoulder piece of the mantlehad developed into a kind of small cape. The fibula and cord fasteningsappear to be the earliest; and it was probably for the decoration ofthese cords that the mercer whose wares I have enumerated suppliedthe " Fine tassels for fixing with great buttons of gold or silk£&gt; Such then being the character of the dress and its fastenings it remainsfor me to tell you how it was ornamented, or, in modern language, whatwere its trimmings.&amp; The first point of interest is the manner in which ornament wasused. In the 13th century the ornaments of every-day dress were as arule restricted to that form which we now express by the word trimmings.During the preceding century Court-fashion had run riot with embroideryand other forms of decoration, garments were literally covered withgold and silver and even precious stones were freely used. The queen ofHenry II wore a robe bespangled with crescents of gold and Richard I'smantle was over-spread with half moons and shining orbs of solidsilver; but with the reign of the third Henry came a reign of greatersimplicity. Thus ornament retired from the general surface of the garmentto Its border, and, instead of concelling the fabric with a redundancy whichwas formless and without any order and method, adorned it within thecompass of narrow bands of great beauty and really good workmanshiparound ail its margins.&amp; At the neck of the supertunfc or dalmatica worn by great officialswas a stiff bordering of considerable beauty often enriched with valuablejewels. This was the type of the modern collar. The margins of the sleevesof both tunic and supertunic were encircled by similar bands which laidthe foundation for a modern cuff and wristband. The lower margins orskirt-hems of these garments as well as the edge of the mantle weresimilarly enriched. It is important to notice that in this method ofornamenting the costume the lines or bands of decoration were horizontal,thus opposing, and therefore heightening, the effect and beauty of thenatural form. * Early in the 14th century this principle of decoration received anincreased development. The horizontal bands formed by the enrichedmargins of the tunic, the supertunic and the mantle were found sovaluable in an art point of view that they were produced in the fabricitself, sometimes in excess, as is particularly observable on some of thefigures which illustrate a missal of this period, No. 17006 In the BritishMuseum.&amp; The proper use of these bands Is, however, well shown in the illu- strations I have taken from the Arundel Psalter and the missal 1 havejust mentioned.We now come to consider the character of these borders.First in order is fringe, the use of which was at this period almostconfined to England. We have seen how a Pope was fascinated by thegolden fringe worn by an Englishman and forthwith contrived to compassthe thing he coveted.Fringe Is, as you are all aware, a very old, perhaps the oldest, formof border trimming. Thirteenth century fringes were of gold and otherrich materials and formed a bordering peculiarly soft, flexible and deli- cate. Appliqud work and embroidery on fine linen, silk, etc: were used bythemselves and possibly in combination with the fringes.&amp; The appliqu£ work, which is not only very beautiful but easy to ex- ecute, was made as follows.Having secured your design, which, by the way, is a slight prelimi- nary matter in all art processes, you proceed to cut out the patterns orfigures In the various colours of the design, taking care to keep them alittle larger than the drawing to allow for sewing down the edges uponthe ground colour. In the simplest work where it is only the placing ofone colour upon another nothing more is required than an edging ofcord to the pattern or figure, covering the line of-stitching and securedto it by being worked over with coloured silk or thread. But where thedesign involves more than two colours the colours are not cut out asthey appear in the design but are superimposed : for example in the crosson the specimen here exhibited the blue is not cut out in small pieces andjoined to the white on the same plane as in modern patch- work but isshaped to the full size of the cross and actually underlines the white. JG? The embroidery of the 13th century must be examined to be under- stood. It would be useless for me to attempt to describe this evening asit ought to be described the glorious needlework of that most artistic age.&amp; Between the richly embroidered and jewelled borders and such as.were made by a single line of coloured silk or thread which was literallythe stitching of the hem of the garment there were two distinct varieties,thus making four, all other forms being more or less combinations of theseprocesses.&amp; Next in point of magnificence to the jewel border was the silkembroidery of the late example of which we have so many specimens.This process was more commonly used in combination with gold andgems, hence the term orfrays. This also was worked upon a foundationof canvass, veilum or linen and sometimes silk and then sewn uponthe dress.Third in order of richness is what I may call the cord work; wherethe border, or ribaning as Chaucer calls it, is of uniform colour and thepattern entirely formed by raised lines of cord or common twine. Thiswas a process very commonly employed with cloth of gold and gold lace,the cord being sewn or whipped over and completely covered with goldthread. The effigy of Richard I supplies us with four examples of thisclass of border work.But this kind, like the last mentioned, was not infrequently used Incombination with jewels as illustrated by the effigies and illuminationsof the 13th and latter part of the 12th centuries. Nor must it be imaginedthat these enrichments were confined to the official robes of king orpriest. There were of course distinctions of dress according with thesocial rank of the wearer; the labourer had to be content with a shorttunic, the burgess might have In addition a supertunic and like Dogberrybring forward the fact of his having two gowns to his back as evidenceof his respectability, but all above this'class might be possessed of tunle,supertunic and mantle, the material, wool, silk or velvet, and the qualityof border being the distinguishing marks.Nor must it be forgotten that between the male and female costumeas well as between the civil and ecclesiastical there was not that differencewhich is popularly supposed to have existed. A nun, for example, is to this day dressed as a widow or elderly lady of the beginning of the 13thcentury would have been dressed except that the nun is forbidden theuse of ornament and rich or costly .again If we had worn the everyday costume of the reign of Henry 111with long tunics, short hanging or open sleeves to the super-tunic anda cowl or hood no one would have seen anything very remarkable in thecostume of the Norwich Benedictines for the monks' dress, except inmateria! and colour, had little to distinguish it from that of the lawyeror the architect, whilst the clerical dress in 1337 was so unclerical thatat the council held by the Pope's Legate Otto In St Paul's, London Inthat year It was decreed that 44 whereas, with regard to the dress ofthe clerks which appears to be not clerical, but rather military, a greatscandal has arisen amongst the laity" they, the clerks, shall underpenalty of a deprivation of their benefices 44 wear garments of becomingmeasure and shall wear close hoods when appointed to holy ordersespecially in this Church, before their prelates at the assemblies of theclergy, and everywhere in their parishes " " following the rule of cler- ical propriety In their garments, spurs, bridles and saddles. "Thus far my task has been mainly archeological. I propose now toonqulre into the nature of those features in modern costume which cor- respond to those I have already endeavoured to describe.The main things to be observed are: Ist, the variableness of modernfashion ; and the wide difference between the male and female costume,and 3rd the absence of colour. The changeableness of 19th century fashionis perhaps not only the greatest evil, but the parent of all the other evilsin modern costume with which we have to contend. There is no suchthing now-a-days as contentment in dress, for If perchanCe a becominghat, a graceful mantle or an artistic serviceable coat be approved by theworld this season it must be given up next season. No amount of grace- fulness or appropriateness being powerful enough to stay the restlesshand of fickle fashion. The rule seems to be that directly a thing becomesvulgar in the old and true sense of the word it must needs be despisedas vulgar in the modern and erroneous sense of the word.There are only three ways.... one or other of which we must.select...to account for this changeableness. J? In the (irst place Fashion, like the true artist, may be unsatisfied byher best efforts and may be ever seeking to do better; or she may bedesirous to keep up those social distinctions which many hold to be ne- cessary to the well-being of the state; or she may be after all only apander to the pride and vanity and deformity of the world.« When lordes and ladies ever do deviseThemselves to setten forth to strangers sightSome frounce thoir curled hair in courtly guiseSome prancke their ruffes and others trimly dlghtTheir gay attire : each others greater pride does spight." (i)&amp; Again the great difference which exists between male and femalecostume is another characteristic defect of the age in which we live. Ailnatural relative proportion is Ignored : the man Is deprived of everyvestige of drapery in the artistic sense of the word, and his limbs aredisguised in bag-like coverings, whilst the woman copies the conventionalshort-skirted school-girl or clothes herself in a wasteful amplitude ofskirt;&amp; The difference between male and female costume is not, however,confined to form but extends even to material. We know how linen,wool, silk, satin, velvet, were used in old times for the clothing of menas well as for that of women ; but, (as in the matter of drapery) themen have been forced by fashion to give up all claim to the richer ma- terials and to encase themselves in gloomy monotony of broad-cloth.&amp; The general absense of colour is another important characteristic ofour costume. An English crowd, (no matter how brightly coloured certainof its details may be), always resolves itself into a dull grey owing tothe preponderance of black and white.in old times everyone had a wholesome horror of black and conse- quently we never find It employed except as the national colour of theDanes in religious habits and in heraldry. It was not till the reign ofEdward ill that black was used even for mourning, and then only as acloak with a hood over the ordinary coloured garments. But now, as faras gentlemen are concerned, the evening dress at least of one half theworld is black and a man who would dare to sit down to dinner in any other colour would be deemed guilty of a breach of etiquette, or, at thebest, be smiled at as the victim of a weak and harmless eccentricity.There are, however, two little bits of light flickering amidst thisalmost universal gloom. One of these is the coloured scarf now so fre- quently worn by gentlemen, and the other the scarlet tunic, to use amediaeval name, worn by ladies, which Is always visible when worn withthe walking dress or short super-tunic and is occasionally revealed withadmirable effect when worn under the long or trailing robe.hopeful signs than it did a few years back. Crinoline has vanished fromthe drawingroom, and is gradually disappearing from the streets. Costume,more especially that adopted in country houses, is decidedly looking up.For Instance, ladies' walking dress just now, consisting of tunic, super- tunic with high neck, tight fitting fur jacket and velvet hat with brilliantleather would be perfectly pleasing and picturesque if it were not forthe short proportions obtained by the use of coarse trimming, extrava- gantly high boots and cut edges.&amp; A few years ago the male costume was equally hopeful; colouredstockings and knickerbockers with the short coat or Norfolk shirt andfelt hat or cap were felt to be appropriate and artistic.What has become of this most artistic costume? A costume whichonly wanted a slight alteration in the sleeve to make It worthy to rankwith the 14th and 15th century dresses. For the cut of the sleeve is theonly point of difference between the cut of a modern Norfolk shirt andthe very picturesque jacket or doublet introduced early in the reign ofEdward IV.It Is some satisfaction to know that tight-fitting sleeves with looseor hanging sleeves over them are being at last adopted by ladies. Willgentlemen see the advantage and follow suit?But good form in shape or cut is of little avail unless we can getrid of the present system of trimming with all its higgledy-piggledy offurious exaggeration of band and button and bow. There can be noexcuse for such trimmings as those exhibited in the modern examplesbefore us marked a, 3, and 48.£/ One of the best modern braid borders 1 have seen was spoilt by an excessive use of little bits of jet. I have had a diagram made of thisspecimen work enlarged sixteen times to enable you to compare it withan example of old work which I have had enlarged in the same ratio.If, however, we could get rid of braid altogether and adopt a closely-madesilk or gold cord there would be much more chance for good plaindesigns. Indeed, very many of the best borders of the middle ages maybe easily reproduced by sewing down cord in the manner shewn in thespecimen of appllqu6 work before you, whilst the difficulty of treatingbraid In other than straight and continuous lines is manifested wheneveranything else Is attempted.jtf Nor is there any difficulty in securing artistic trimmings if ladies areso minded. I have seen some most exquisite little borders at Heilbronner'sin Regent street. But the most glorious border the world ever saw wouldhave no chance so long as there exists that passionate longing for merenovelty which is one of the great curses of modern society in each andall its phases.£? As regards our evening dress perhaps the least said the better. It istrue the revival of the turn-down collar, by shewing the neck, was onestep towards that right development of the human form which ischaracteristic of all good costume. The Prince of Wales, (i) too, may bethanked for the revival of white waistcoats, for any relief to the drearyconventionalism of black cloth may be fairly regarded as a blessing;these are unfortunately the only exceptions to the corrupt taste whichprescribes the usual evening dress of a gentleman of the present period.&amp; Of a lady's dress I will not trust myself to speak, its indecency of cutbeing, as a rule, unequalled even by its ugliness of trimming.&amp; Time will not permit me to enter upon the subject of our officialcostume which, from the royal crown to the policeman's helmet, is utterlydebased 5 nor can I now trespass any further on your patience to setforth the present promising aspect of children's dress or the uncompro- mising aspect of church vestments.&amp; But before I conclude I feel tempted to express a hope that it is fromlack of positive art instruction rather than from wilfulness of choicethat in this question of dress as in many other branches of art we moderns possess so little discrimination. If this be so, and if we in ourbetter moments, deeming all things visible to have their varying degreesof power for good or for evil, elect to labour for the good through theaction of the Beautiful, our likenesses in the habit as we live may yetbe handled by poet and painter, sculptor and architect, without fear oftheir being ridiculous.&amp; Lastly let me revert for a moment to the questions I put at thecommencement of this paper:... what has archeology to do with dress?and, are the fashions of today capable of being raised to the dignity of art?As regards the first question 1 think you will admit that the studyof costume constitutes one Important branch of it. Archeology fills Inthe details of every picture of the past, it forges the links of the chainwhich binds together all time ; it brings into stronger light all thosegreat events which have contributed to build up those blessings we nowenjoy. It clothes with vivid reality all those noble ones whose figureswould otherwise have but a shadowy indistinctness in the mighty pro- cession of the world's issue. It tells us among many other things howthe decoration of dress was once as much an art as the decoration of atemple. It tells us how both ladies' and gentlemen's dresses were onceas much an art as the decoration of a temple. It tells us how bothladles' and gentlemen's dresses were once under the direction of artistsmany of whose names are recorded ; as, for example, Adam de Baslnges,Adam de Bakering, John de Colonia, Thomas Chenier, John Blaton,William Courtenay and Stephen Vyne, under whose superintendencewomen worked sometimes for their amusement and sometimes for theirprofit, it helps us to a better appreciation of the wonderful picturingsof such poets as Chaucer and Dante, and illustrates every page of ourearly literature.jhe other question, viz., are the fashions of today capable of beingraised to the dignity of art? is one which 1 have already answered inthe affirmative; for in spite of the many gross absurdities which markthe conventionalities of our present costume, in spite of swallow-tailsand chimney pots, of bastard embroidery and big buttons, I am satisfiedwe possess sufficient elements of beauty and appropriateness from whicha costume might be developed equal to any of past times; and were such a development to take place our architects, sculptors, paintersand poets would not have to seek, (as they now do), in ages long gone byfor subjects fit for the artist, but would be content to be the chroniclersof their own age.Qf this much 1 am satisfied ! that no art is possible to us unless wetake a broad comprehensive view of the power and purpose of art. If youreally desire noble buildings, strange as it may sound you must have aneye to your boots. It is idle to talk of art at the rate we do now-a-daysunless we can feel it to be a reality to ourselves. We must be drenchedthrough and through with it, not merely put it on now and then. Wemust have It In Its proper degree in our servants' hall and our scullerymaids' dormltary as In our drawing rooms and best bedrooms: we mustsee it In the back offices as well as in the front elevation; in the tableas well as in the front-door jamb, in the table-cloth as in the table.And finally we must have it in lay vestments as well as In clericalvestments if we desire to have art present with us a growing, developing,living, Joyous reality. (I) This lecture* delivered in 1868, is now for the first time published in it sccmplete form from the original M. S- (1) Unfortunately the diagrams selected by the lecturer are not included, nor precisely indicated in, the M. S. (1) Fairy Queen I. 4. 14, (I) Afterwards klnjj Edward VII. THE ROGUISH TRICKS OF COVIELLO.A Scenario of the Commedia dell'Arte. (0 CHARACTERS.Giangurgolo, father of Coviello, servantPimpinella CapitanoPolicinella as himselfCITY... NAPLES. PROPERTIES.A Giangurgolo costume for Coviello, Other different costumes forCoviello, Female costume for Policlnella, Captain's costume for Policlnella,Another different dress for Policlnella, Beards.ACT I. SCENE 1.Giangurgolo and Coviello.He tells Coviello that he has arranged a marriage for his daughterwith the Captain, who Is away, and knocking Is heard.SCENEPimpinella and the aforesaid.Pimpinella, having understood this, acts a scene of foolishness, untilthe other two, tired out, make her go in, saying they will talk to eachother some other time; and go off.SCENE .Policinella, alone.j&amp; His love for Pimpinella, and knocks.SCENE 4.Pimpinella and the aforesaid.&amp; Amorous scene. In this SCENE 5.Coviello and the aforesaid.Coviello's lazzi (i) over the foolishness of the girl; she excuses herself ashaving acted so for love of Policinella and because she does not want theCaptain ; and both entreat Coviello to help them. Coviello promises, andPimpinella goes in. Coviello tells Policinella that the Captain has arrivedand therefore plans with him to dress himself as a Woman. Policinellahaving acted lazzi, is pleased and goes away to dress himself, Coviellowants to pretend to be Qiangurgolo, and goes In to dress himself.SCENEThe Captain alone,&amp; Says he is come for the marriage arranged by letter with the daughterof Qiangurgolo: and that he does not know personally either the oneor the other: in thisSCENE 7,Coviello and the aforesaid.Coviello as Qiangurgolo, after acting a scene makes himself knownto the Captain as Qiangurgolo, and after they have acted lazzi of rela- tionship Coviello calls.SCENE 8.Policinella and the aforesaid.Policinella as a woman, acts his lazzi; the Captain says he does notwant her, and after a scene which develops as it befalls (a), and lazzi,they beat each other, and end the first act.ACT 2. SCENE 1.Policinella and Coviello.&amp; Disguised, they say they are notaries pretending to take an inventoryof Qiangurgolo's goods for the Captain's debts, and go In.SCENE 2.Qiangurgolo and the aforesaid.Qiangurgolo, wishing to enter his house, sees the door closed,wonders and knocks: the two from within, and from time to timer°m th® window» act scene of the Inventory, (with the usual lazzi), for the Captain's debt. Giangurgolo gets in a rage, saying that he willbreak off the marriage and goes away to go to the court of Justice: theothers come out, and Covieilo arranges with Poiicinelia to pretend to bethe Captain, and off.SCENE 3.Captain alone.Having learned that what happened was a trick of impcsters, andhaving been shown the house of Giangurgolo, knocks.SCENEPimpinella and aforesaid.Scene of entreaty, and drives him away, and off.SCENE 5.Giangurgolo alone.He wants to go in search of the Captain, knowing he Is come, andthat those of the Inventory were impostors: in thisSCENE 6.Covieilo and aforesaid.&amp; Covieilo tells him he has found the Captain and that he is now co- ming: in thisSCENE 7.Poiicinelia and aforesaid.&amp; Poiicinelia as the Captain acts his /azz/, they perform ceremonieswith Giangurgolo, and go in, and end the second Act.ACT. 3. SCENE 1.Captain alone.&amp; About finding Giangurgolo; in thisSCENE 2.Covieilo and aforesaid.j£f Covieilo, disguised, enters into conversation with the Captain, andnarrates that Pimpinella has many imperfections and defects: the Captaindoes not want to conclude the marriage, and goes off, Covieilo remains;In thisSCENE 3.Giangurgolo and Covieilo.Giangurgolo, not having seen the Captain, (because on entering his house he no longer found him there), Coviello, in disguise, enters intoconversation with him, narrating many evil qualities and defects of theCaptain: Giangurgolo does not want to conclude the marriage and goesoff; Coviello remains and calls.SCENEPimpinella and Coviello.&amp; Coviello relates to her all that has happened, and whispers in her earand goes off.SCENE 5.Captain and Giangurgolo.jgf They come on from opposite sides, recognise each other, abuse eachother; afterwards they clear things up and call.FINAL SCENE.All.&amp; Pimpinella comes on half lame, but Is pretending to be so. The Captainseeing her In that state says he does not want her; Giangurgolo askswhat has happened, she gives some excuse; Policinella says he wants tohave her just as she is and Giangurgolo is content and has them married,then Pimpinella and Coviello ask pardon, reveal the Tricks, and endthe Play, (I) Translated and published by the courtesy ol Dr : Cesare Levi (1) For g definition of "Lml" gee The Mask Vol IV: pa2. 115.(2) The meaninj is, •&lt; as the inspiration and action of the moment leads. •' THE THEATRE IN ITALY. NAPLES &amp; POMPEI.A Letter to John Semar from Gordon Craig. My dear Semar.1 was wont to write you letters from cold places north of Florence,.^..There was little or nothing to write of. But now 1 have come south to,see what a warmer theatre can yield.I write from Pompel after a visit to those two men of genius, the.brothers Vettil.How I came to meet them is simply told.I was last night at Scarpetta's theatre; that simpatico theatre inNaples where all that is to be laughed at is spread before us on the.stage and laughed in and out of existence without a thought too much to,oppress us. All the difference between this breed who give birth to laughterand the breed on the London stages whose cacklings even miscarry.,Scarpetta exists and we know he is of flesh and blood. Shaw to medoes not live, and Is something other than flesh and blood.1 feel that had Dante condescended to write for the stage he wouldhave produced just such a series of pleasant and unpleasant and popularcomedies as G. B. S.*Another thing I feel about Scarpetta is that he wouldn't care a hangwhat his women said or thought about his plays, and 1 guess, (perhaps,wrongly), that the great brain laughter of Shaw is only quite ironicenough, only sufficiently deadly when it has received the full approval;of the Shaw ladies.By the way, I ought to tell you who Scarpetta is.He Is the author-actor of Naples, ...that is to say, one of our few real- dramatists. His Drama came into being by the grace of Improvisation,and as we know by now, this is the only way real drama can be born.All other dramas are made, ....patchworks,... not good woven stuffs.His Improvisations are not Just witty conversations in which a fewpeople polish off in a few well-chosen words certain groups, cliques ornational peculiarities. His Improvisations have to deal with the Life ofeveryone. In the sharpest cut given the lash winds itself lazily round,the waist of the whole earth.' But if in Scarpetta's theatre, drama and„actors are the real thing they are the lowest real thing, us? So I took my way the next morning to Pompei where, as I said, Iwas sure ot meeting my two friends, the brothers Vettii.Men 0( genius are real: through them all things become real. Thehighest Impossibility comes down from Heaven to them and the lowestfact comes up from Hell to them.They stand in a circle of strange phantoms become realities. Andwhen 1 arrived at the house of the Vettii and had washed and restedmyself I became aware of the strange and wonderful company whichScarpetta had sent me to seek.j£? His Introduction was not to actors nor to the director of the littleComic Theatre nor the poet of the larger Tragic Theatre,.., nor even tothe celebrated Roman Dancer who is just now residing in Pompei andabout whose performance in the Dancing Court ail Pompe! is talking.I saw her driving in the narrow streets and everybody turned to look ather as at something extraordinary. Even the barbers and chariot driversstopped at their work a moment to look at this very celebrated performer.But it was to see none of these that Scarpetta the Neapolitan Improvisorbeckoned me to go. And this is so like him, the unwashed actor fromhis grimy stage. As a worm on the mud-edge of some far off and forgottenlake, by instinct true and everlasting, and with unerring knowledge ofwhat Is perfect, lifts his body slowly to some twig and, crawling uptowards the sun, hangs suspended in Faith of what is to come and inthe end throws out feeling wings of loveliness and with them floats offtowards his god and his doom, so the unwashed actor beckoned me,iwith Just such an indication of the direction I should take. And, as Iwalked along the side-street past the House of the Faun, a largo andfinely silvered insect winged Its way ahead of me, turned to the right,then to the left, and at last settled upon the plllaster on which was aninscription, " The Ho jse of the Vettii. "Strange as it may seem It was not without apprehension that I enteredthe open door of their house.One or two things which 1 had noticed on my way through the streetso! Pompei made me ask myself more than once as I walked rapidly along,'• shall I find them in?" I know of no greater dispiritment when one ishappy and full with expectation, one's eyes and tongue held back by dread and almost out-running one In this eagerness to see and speak, than tofind an empty house and the people saying they have no Idea when themaster wili return.And this I felt more and more keenly at every step of the way. Therewere quite a number of queer signs,... and at times I had difficulty intelling myself that some catastrophe had not suddenly descended uponmy friends,... nay, upon the whole city.JE? One gets these hallucinations at times,... the sight of a heap of bricksor a crumbling wail will put one in mind of an earthquake; one ruinedhouse is enough to bring up the ghastly suggestion of an eruption andsubsequent disaster. And it must have been something of the kind whichput the fear Into me as I hurried up the delighful little bye-street whichIs on one side of the House of the Labyrinth.JE? But everything became once more normal as I entered the courtyardof their house and found my two friends waiting for me there withoutstretched arms and the same gloriously tuned voices weicomed meover and over again in words which were never turned twice the sameand which refreshed the ear and the sou! and even the body, so tiredthrough Its late exertions.I had never met them before, but it was as though I knew them verywell. Therefore try and accept it that we were old friends,... as indeedwe are.In height the elder of the two a trifle exceeds his brother, but bothare tall, both fair, and have the most steady carriageAs a well-ordered actor seems neither to move, to come on to thestage nor to leave it, but comes and goes as by magic, so these brothers•seemed to pass from room to room.Trawlawny writing of Shelley mentions this peculiarity. He tells usthat while a group of people were in eager conversation Shelley wouldsppcßf as from nowhere, and later would vanish just as mysteriously.&amp; This, together with their voices, is the most striking thing about mytwo Vettll.Their house is most magnificent,., smali and perfectly proportioned itcontains a number of perfect litttie rooms one leading out of the other,.decorated and furnished so that they lead into one another. &amp; This is no house of ascetics, and yet there is not a spiritless spot tobe found in it. The walls are rich in colour and the tables covered withall manner of delicate objects for dally use. I found a little banquetawaiting me and we were soon spread out on our couches in the coolestof rooms eating and drinking a number of good things,.... which mighthave come all the way from Egypt or Ceylon so various they were andso strange to my experience.And as we made an end of the pranzo, a number of young womenpassed by the open door and towards the atrium and there commencedto play at a game which is certainly unusual; for It was neither noisynor calling for exertion of any kind, and displays the hands and armsand head of the player to perfect advantage.jp Each of these young women seemed to me to be possessed of anamiable and distinguished bearing, the result of careful training. Neithercould 1 detect any spiritual disharmony among them after I had questionedthem for quite a while.&amp; We now retired each to rooms containing a cool bath for the heat ofthe day was increasing, and to rest upon couches of some silken texture.&amp; Each of us was accompanied by one or more of the young women.The one who joined me seemed at the moment to have been impelled toseek my society for some profound cause and as though she had some*thing which she desired to speak with me about.1 found later that my surmise proved to be quite exact, but what herquestions were and what problem she desired me to solve Is nobody'sbusiness but her own. Altogether I was reminded of life In Japan.At four o'clock 1 was awakened by the sound of wind Instruments,played afar off, whose sounds floated fitfully into the stillness of myroom reminding me of 1 know not what immensities, and filling me witha sense of power which 1 cannot describe.I lay between waking and sleep for the space of twelve minutes, andwas entering a second dream when sleep was entirely banished throughthe singing of four voices in unison outside the door of my chamber.&amp; 1 rose up and in five minutes I was in the peristyle where I foundmy two friends in serious discussion.The subject which they had chosen to discuss was whether or not animals were possessed of souls, and whether these souis, in enteringthe bodies of animals, were being punished or rewarded for a pastexistence.In the earnestness of the dispute nothing discordant ever threatenedto enter, and in twenty minutes a point of agreement had been reachedand we were all on our way to the Tragic Theatre.My friends had promised to call on the way at the House of thePoet, and, while waiting in his courtyard for his appearance, my thoughtsturned towards Dublin and the house of that other Poet of the othergreat land ; of his couple of rooms rather. Here a whole house dedicateditself to the service of the Tragic Poet.In the entrance hall of his dwelling many works of art were to beseen,... fine things, very freely drawn and coloured, mystic each one:...one heard voices upon looking at them; the figures seemed to moveslightly,... beckoned or turned away:... each had one movement apiece.....We arrived at the Theatre when it was Just time for the piece tobegin, and we took our seats the last of all the spectators.At once the Chorus sprang, fuliy armed, it seemed, into the semicirculararena. They were at work with their Prelude at once. The place seemedsuddenly alive; the air tingled with life. ...Oh, Scarpetta, what youshowed me last night was good, very good, but what I see now is great,very great.rose up after some distant peal of thunder had rolled away. A storm isover there, somewhere over behind the volcano. It is far off; the skyis leaden-coloured over there. Here the silence is acute, the sun verywhite and the promise of a calm evening certain. ...But perhaps theni«-ht wilPbear strange things into the city. I have a presentiment ofdisaster.&amp; The spectators are in a noble mood and the performers hum like akettle which boils upon a steady fire.There is practically no movement at aii except in the swift andregular suggestion of advancing motion in the voices of the actors.impression carries hallucination. With this advancing motion of the voices I receive an Impression ot an Increase In the stature of theactors. They seem to be coming nearer and nearer; like those shadow- pictures the forms grow steadily larger and larger, and now they seemto tower to a toppling condition. Now the whole thing hangs as it weresuspended. There Is long silence,... one can count slowly up to twelve.Suddenly there is a roar as of a multitude which cries out In onevoice as at some universal Rescue. It comes not from the spectators,but from and in our hearts. We make no noise at all.The Drama has ended** No one m&lt;&gt;ves; everyone has been leaning forward; some begin torelax and to iean back In their seats; no one wishes te rise up. Thereis time now. I too feel this sense of Infinite time. I rest and let my eyeswander along the noble lines of the stage, and the calm sky which showsabove the cornices. A bell near by strikes out its quite small note,... afaroff another bell begins to t011,... a third,... others. The sun seems to besinking rapidly now, and yet no one stirs. No one would wish to stireven by the least ripple this great ocean which is in us and yet uponwhich we too float.I feel that this is the great blessing brought to us by the poet,..; thevalue of the moments.&amp; It is dark now and no one can see anything distinctly. Up above thesun throws a last red streak upon the long cornice. We are quite inthe shadow.&amp; A long time seems to elapse.&amp; Now everyone will be rising and leaving the building without hasteand without noise. To speak would be to break perfection. Everythingis right. The great theatre has emptied itself as In one great heavingsigh... Oh, but this is good, ...very good.&amp; The moon is up. Alone in the empty theatre, sitting there long afterthe city Is asleep I know as by a magical divination the great secretwhich bred this great impression.art, not greater knowledge, nor any power of God: Only theliberty of the nature of man has made this possible.&amp; lie Is free to open his nature,... to expand. He may see, hear, touchand know by his senses the simple mysteries of his existence. &amp; I saw it when 1 was in the House of the Vettii. I felt it at each hourthere, and at every event, great or small. I felt it in the House of theTragic Poet. I felt It in the Theatre. The performance only reminded methat this was a reality. Freedom was no dream,... It was an actualityprecious as life. The profane pleasures and those called sacred were toone and all the essence of Life. There was no actual slavery for thisduty made even the slaves freedmen.&amp; Freedom of thought and experience was the Law. Men dared to beprofane for men dared to be profound. There was no vulgarity I remem- bered in the lewd painting which I saw in the House of the Vettii.Revelation seemed full as I sat and pondered upon all this at midnightin the Tragic Theatre* And I drew my cloak round my knees and shouldersand lay down on the .still warm steps.... and fell asleep. FOREIGN NOTES. ZURICH. The Theatre Exhibition. P. R. is a town which understandsthe organization of exhibitions.It possesses a magnificent permanentcollection of old Swiss arts andcrafts: it has now added to its pre- v • 'stige with a finely arranged exhibi- tion of Theatre models, scene and cos- tume designs and architectural plans.This exhibition is remarkablenot merely for the actual exhibitsbrought together but for the admi- rable manner in which it is arranged.It is all done with a care and at- tention to detail which would be arevelation to the organizers of ex- hibitions of works of art in England.These people understand the impor- tance of the arrangement of lightand of the height or size of roomsin relation to the exhibits arrangedin them; they understand the im- portance of making everything looknice : and therefore into their greathails thej' build, with swiftness andskill, a complete set of little rooms proportioned to meet exactly therequirements of the works to beshown.The rooms are constructed ofrough wooden frames on whichnettle-cloth Is stretched, and thesepartitions, being carried up to thedesired height, are closed In withlinen ceilings. Windows also arereduced to the required dimensionsby false frames filled in with pleatedniuslin, so that one sets to work toarrange the exhibits in surroundingsspecially and admirably prepared.&amp; This principle has considerablepractical as well as esthetic value,,since it naturally makes it possibleto utilise for exhibition purposes,lofty gaunt halls and buildings whichwould otherwise be quite impossiblefor such a purpose, as well as, as isthe case here, building a gallery ofmany small rooms within anothergallery when the regular rooms arefound to be too large or high forthe collections to be shown."&amp; And then every detail o§ the- work is carried out with such ease,speed and precision that it is apleasure to watch the workmen ac- complishing it. They work as awell-drilled squad, and under theircapable hands the rooms changebeneath your very eyes like magicfrom square to oblong, or vice versa,and to any dimensions required.The same system of nettle-clothstretched on wooden frames isadapted for all the pedestals, shelvesand stands, and these, like the walls,receive for each occasion a freshcoat of white, cream, grey or blackwash, so that rooms and stands canalike be in harmony with the objectsshown.A considerable part of the ex- hibition Itself was already shown atMannheim a year ago and included alarge number of designs by AdolpheAppia : (i) but it has been greatlyaugmented at Zurich by a fine col- lection of Mr Gordon Craig's designsfor stage scenes, costume and masks,as well as some of his models, anda unique collection of Oriental masksand and old Theatrebooks lent from the collection ofthe School for the Art of the Theatrein Florence.In fact it Is the work of Gordon Craig which dominates the Exhibi- tion, not only in so far as it Is re- presented in his own designs, butin the way in which its Influencemay be traced in almost all thework exhibited by the younger men.True, though, much of the workof these young men Is not at allgood. Much of it is very bad. Yeteven so it is to be welcomed becauseIt shows energy and enthusiasm:shows that they are awake, and arestudying... experimenting... trying,and, though they may not have gotfar, their efforts at least show acertain consciousness that there issomewhere to go to and somethingto do besides standing still.It is noticeable that there areno contributions from England, andnone of the London managers havebeen known to visit the exhibition,al- though those from Berlin, and otherlarge continental cities have realisedthe value of doing so But verylikely in London they are not evenaware that such an exhibition is inprogress. It would be just like them.The weakest section of the exhi- bition is the historical section. Thiscould with great advantage havebeen developed. Indeed, until MrGordon Craig consented to havethree additional rooms filled withcontributions from the collection of his School, the early theatre wasrepresented only by a few photo- graphs showing some of the ancienttheatres, and the eastern theatrewas not illustrated at all.The many architectural plans, ele- vations and plaster casts of theatrebuildings show that a great deal ofintelligent activity is being devotedto this matter in Germany andSwitzerland, and the models of turn- table stages showing the sequenceof the various scenes are also in- teresting.Among the younger men someof the best work is shown by RochusGllese of Berlin. Some of his work Isvery good indeed and shows a greatsense of the Theatre, especiallyan interior scene with a staircasegoing* up behind. This was so ar- ranged that one saw the people atthe foot: through an opening Into alittle hall another glimpse of themwas given as it passed behind awindow at the back of the room,and the upper steps were made tojut into the room again at the topof the wall, so that one heard themwithout seeing them. Thus threeimpressions were given: and suchuse of an architectural detail showedreal acquaintance with the theatre.Besides, all the scenes and costumesby this talented young designer were very gay and charming andamusing, and, 1 should say, wouldbe also of practical use.&amp; Franz Nitsche's costume designsfor Mollere's 4 Precieuses ridicules 'and other plays are also good andshow invention. This is specially tobe noticed in comparison with suchwork as Stern's, for the latter merelycopies from the costume books orfrom some one else. One is especiallystruck by the difference on com- paring the ( cats ' of the two men.Stern's cat Is copied from the Rus- sians and is wholly realistic, whileNitsche's is fantastic and inventive.&amp; But Stern's work is as out ofplace as a great deal more in theexhibition. It is difficult to under- stand the value of making largedrawings from the designs whichare familiar to us all in the thea- trical costume b00k5,.... Planche,Hottenroth, and the rest, and sendingthese for exhibition, but there is,unfortunately, a great deal of thiskind of work on show.Heine from Munich ought cert- ainly to know better than to sendsuch work as he has exhibited, andso should Julius Diez, and not afew others. But the worst offenderIs Max Liebermann whose workhas nothing whatever to do withthe Theatre at all. 1 noticed th a someone else had perceived this andhad written 'impertinence' on thecard bearing his name, and thereproof was fully merited.There is a room full of designsby Leon Bakst, and as drawings theyare many of them very delightful,although as designs for the theatrethey have little practical value: fora considerable part of their charmlies in the particular way they aredrawn, the decorative handling andarrangement of the drapery uponthe sheet, and how different theresult is when these costumes areput upon the stage may be realisedby comparing photographs of actorsand actresses wearing them withthese designs.JZ? Still, Bakst is for the momentthe fashion among a certain group,and that he has his followers isshown by the designs exhibited byVoight and Montedoro, who aredetermined that, since Bakst is inthe fashion, they will be in thefashion too, and therefore imitatehim as far as is in their power, evento the pointed finger nails and pastycolour.The work of Ludwig Sievert ofFreiburg can be said to be franklybad and yet with plenty of goodideas. But he is so rough, so gory,noisy and brutal, and he has no distance in his development. Thequestion is, is he good enough to leadone to believe that he will suddenlydrop all this and, with his invention,become decent?Frau Sievert, who exhibits somecostume designs, has all the badqualities of her husband, but theway her costumes are cut out ofstuff, embroidered, and stuck on thedesign is practical and I should saymight be reliable. 1 do not knowif the idea is her own or her hus- /band's.Among other exhibitors of sceneand costume designs are Albert Isler,Fritz Erler, Koloman Moser, EmilOrlik, Bernhard Pankek, OttomarStarke, Knut Strom, Karl Voigt,Ralf Voltmer and Karl Walser ; whilethe architectural designs and modelsinclude works by Henry Heiblg,Oskar Kaufmann, Hans Poelzig,Bruno Schmitz, and Otto Karow.Altogether the Exhibition is oneupon which Zurich is to be heartilycongratulated. But upon nothing somuch as having brought together,for the first time, in adjoiningrooms, the works of Adolph Appiaand Gordon Craig; for to know thatthere are two such men at work forthe Theatre fills one with excite- ment, exhileration, the sure confi- dence of a coming Golden Age. (lj As article treating oi the work oi this artist willappear is an early number oi '• The Mask EDITORIAL NOTES. THE POOOOOR WILD BEASTS. the English missionaries,ever busy about the souls ofthe sad Heathen in the wilds ofAfrica and India, are still troublingwith their obstinate children, 1 amtold that a Society is in active for- mation to go out to the jungles of thesame heathenish lands to performthe plays of Brieux and Shaw for theedification of the savage races andthe still more savage animals ofthose districts.The object of the society is tobring home to tho darkened mindof those back-to-the-land beasts theawful dangers to which their utterignorance of the science of Eugenicsexposes them.%&amp; The plays will be performed bya group of literary gentlemen, andthis Is a sufficient guarantee thatall the i's will be crossed and allthe t's dotted.It Is hoped that by this meansthe race of Hippopotomi will begreatly bettered and the Leopardwill learn to change his spots.The fact that there are spots on the sun will In no way deter thesociety from bringing all persuasionto bear on the leopards.If the Lion refuses at first to Hedown with the Lambs a suffragettehas been engaged to make it.Some critics are already sayingthat the Beast does not need to betaught what has already been learntby Nature.But such writers are only beggingthe question. Nature has failed, andwhere she has failed Brieux andShaw will succeed.And if only the plays of thesetwo writers bring the poor savageanimals to lead a purer, cleaner,more logical, and, ultimately we un=derstand, zoological life, the worldwill be a sweeter, saner place, thatit will !jz? One writer in the "Star of India"says: " what is all the time at theback of the Reformer's brain, whatis that which is hidden In the utmostrecesses of his mind ? Is it not acage ?.«."In writing this he anticipates us.&amp; Yes, a zoological life Is the only scientific way out of the awful di- lemmas into which that monstrousparody of God which parades soloftily under the name of NATUREhas led us all, ...yea, even the poooorwild animals.But by the help of this healthysociety 44 the higher education ofthe classes will be achieved. "Of 44 Fudge I " said Mr Burchell. CRITICS AND MOLES. &amp; Mr- G. B. Shaw's comedy " YouNever can Tell " " was performed44 at the Sannazzaro Theatre for the44 first time in Naples. There were44 two calls before the curtain after44 the second act, but the third was44 coldly received, and only the tango44 in the fourth act was encored. The44 Neapolitan critics say that it needs44 mental acrobatics to understand44 the significance of this play; that44 Shaw is fettered by his own para- -44 doxes and that the whole effect is44 alternately-Irritating and diverting,44 but that, apart from its extrava- -44 gance and superfluities, it shows44 great talent and sense of comedy44 In the author. "dont see how a Shaw playever gets to be produced at allin Italy or anywhere further Souththan Milnchen ; but that is no reasonwhy Neapolitan Critics should becareless over their work. &amp; George Bernard Shaw Is a manwhose work is known far and wideand one must wake up before readingeven if you go to sleep during theact.JS/ And you must read what hasbeen written about it by • casualcritics so as to avoid the first rashand unnecessary remarks which havealready been dashed off charminglyat least ten years ago. The critics ofNaples according to the Dally Mallhave gone back ten whole years andshould be dismissed by their longsuffering editors.-&lt;s&gt; For to trot out such old hacks ofphrases about Shaw being 44 fetteredby his own paradoxes " and that thework 44 shows great talent in theauthor " is deplorable.We find Shaw's whole seriesof dramas utterly unnecessary anda tolerable bad Influence on hisforerunners Mr Barker and theothers: but that he is at all fet- tered by his own paradoxes " isridiculous; anyhow he is "movingon " all right and those admirablepolicemen in Gay London, who cansay anything and everything abouta work of the theatre except thatIts bad, will keep him moving.JZ/ When we come to review critics,and are forced to realise that theyhave been forced to accept Shaw as a work of Theatrical art andhave been unable to find any butminor faults with what he offers, itseems about as strange a situationas any in the metropolis.£? Unable to say where Shaw Isabominable, and quite beheadable,because unable in their own mindsto define what a work of art isor may be and what it is not andmay never be.... unable to definefor themselves and their nightly gui- dance what Drama is and what theTheatre is and what relation Dramaand Theatre have been to the Artsand what good and what harm Dramaand Theatre can be to our lifespiritual and physical froip thepoint of view of even a party manor national man or even a man.£? Shaw is of importance as anenergetic writer on social troubles:he does no one good wasting histime in the Theatre. The world, andthe London Press in particular, raisesa great outcry against the Suffraget- tes and the Super-Larkins and evengoes so far as to export and importthese products of our wondrousMole System ...(for is not our socialsystem blind as a mole diggingin the dark?) But Shaw, who haspractically acted as the midwifeto these Monstrosities and whoeven puts up a neat little card in his front parlour window to say so,is allowed to proceed contentedlywith his work... because no one isable to see what a dear old silly theman is... This is all to Shaw's Credit...personally we should like to see Shawmuch more mighty (were such athing possible) because then weshould at last realize the grandeurand might of London of the 20thcentury. "DAMAGED GOO" &amp; . Mask has many times in thelast six years protested againstthe use of the theatre as a pulpetor for propaganda work,* it has alsomany times supported the authorityof the censor and insisted thatthis authority should be far morerigorously enforced.This attitude has* been lookedupon by other journals and by manyprominent persons as a little Idio- syncracy of The Mask, and thetedious drawling over morbid andrisque subjects has gone on.It has gone on until It culminatedlast month in a production of M.Brieux's " Damaged Goods " at theLittle Theatre.&amp; We say ' culminatedbut ofcourse there may be still worse tocome.Now we are not objecting to theventilation of the subject to which the play is devoted. It is a sad subjectand a terrible subject, and in achurch, a clinic or a lecture roomwould not be out of place. What weobject to is Its introduction into theTheatre, and the deadly dulness ofM. Brieux's 44drama" upon the stage.But then it is not a 44 drama " atall, for the very meaning of theword 44 drama " is action, and thereIs no action in M. Brieux's play:it is simply a long-winded and te- dious talk, most of which takes placein a doctor's- consulting room..The 44 Daily Mail " wrote of theproduction very sensibly on Februarya6 as an 44 Excrescence on the name44 of dramatic art: " and added 44As44 for the play, it deals in the crudest44 and most undramatic fashion with44 the subject of a young man,44 victim of the hidden plague, and44 his marriage.44 A child is born, and then we44 have discussions as to the proba- -44 bility of the nurse falling a victim44 to the plague.44 As if this were not enough,44 our undramatic author produces44 a host of new characters in his44 last act, most of whom are Exam- -44 pies of the scourge which he treats44 so coldly, and ail of whom are44 gifted with a talent for coarse44 speech. &amp; 44 Most of the talk,... there Is44 little or no action,... takes place" in a doctor's consulting room, and" Mr. Forbes White was quite good" as the doctor. But a theatre is44 not a consulting room. "If the "Daily Mail" has once reali- sed that M. Brieux Is 44 undramatic "because his plays are nothing buttalk perhaps it will presently realisethat Messrs Shaw, Plnero, Jonesand Co. are also undramatic, for thesame reason, and equally out ofplace in the Theatre: and now thatit has perceived that " A Theatre isnot a consulting room " possibly Itmay in time perceive that neitherIs it a lecture hall or a pulpet andarrive rat some clearer conceptionof what it really is.When M. Brieux's plays were firstpublished in book form in Englishwith a preface bj' Mr Bernard Shaw,Mr Louis Madrid wrote as followsin The Mask, July ipn.44 We of the theatre dislike Mr44 Shaw only when he brings his" social propaganda on to the stage,44 for it explains too nicely how44 little Mr Shaw understands the44 nature of the Theatre, and it is44 hardly necessary to repeat here44 that the Theatre Is a temple or44 house of Art, and Art has never44 flourished when connection 44 with Social or Polical reform, it44 having nothing in common with44 either. "And that is exactly what we feelin regard to this performance of44 Damaged Goods ; " we dislike M.Brieux's intrusion into the theatre,and we dislike the treachery, ...orignorance.... of those who prostitutethe stage to so unjustifiable a use. Mr POEL AND Mr HARVEY.j n the October number of TheMash we asked in an EditorialNote upon Mr Poel's work how muchof the " Taming of the Shrew " washis and how much Mr Martin Harvey'swork.We know now, for one of thegentlemen has told us. But this Isamongst those secrets we shall enjoykeeping. COURAGE AND 44PROMOTION"'|vhere are some things which mo- dern dramatists wont admit exist.&amp; Courage is one of them.This comes from India....Mr F. C. Herst in his report ofsurvey work in the Sunderbans tellsus that 44 A khalassi was carried offfrom within a few feet of a surveyor'splane table. The surveyor looked upand regardless of the risk followedthe tiger, armed with nothing buta brass sight-rule, weighing perhapstwo pounds. The tiger did not hurry, and the surveyor attacked it withouthesitation, beating it on the headwith his miserable weapon. The tigerretreated, and the surveyor recov- ered the body of his companion.44 The case was one of extremepluck such as is seldom met with,and the man received promotion asa reward for his gallantry."We are curious to know how you" promote " such men. The point is,can you ? Mr Carnegie rewards bra- very. We think all Mr Carnegie'smillions would not make up the exactsum necessary to balance thlsaccount.We wish some commission wouldbe empowered to enquire into theinsulting " Hero Fund " businesswhich Mr Carnegie's intellect anddelicacy has brought into being. CEREMONIES &amp; THE NATION. J. S. sympathy to the French Nationwhich, through not possessing astatesman with discernment or po=wer, leaves Antoine and Poe to rust,Confucius said that Ceremoniesand Music were the most promptand efficacious factors for reformingmanners and making the state pro=sperous. We recommend his wordsfor the consideration of the autho- rities of France. THE MOSHER BOOKS.special literary value of rny general Catalogue has given it a uniqueposition In the world of book«making for book=lovers.From year to year these Catalogues have been issued with the viewof making known, as no other form of advertising could make known,The Mosher Books and what they represent in up~to*&lt;late bookcraft. Allpossible value has been put into these books by their publisher; so thatto=day they are the only style of genuine hand&lt;made paper editions atpopular prices in America.£? Sent without charge to all who are interested in choice editions atmoderate prices.THOMAS B. MOSHER, PORTLAND, MAINE. POETRY AND DRAMAHP HE founder and first editor of The Poetry Review begs togive notice that he is now issuing a quarterly periodical,under the title POETRY AND DRAMA, on the same lines asmThe Poetry Review during 1912, and with many of the samecontributors. &amp;&amp; The first five numbers of Poetry and Drama are at*present in circulation. &amp;Poetry and Drama is the representative organ of the youn-ger movement in English ■£?it is published at 35 Devonshire Street, Theobalds Road,London, W. C., on March 15th, June 15th, September 15th andDecember 15th. The price of a single copy is 2s. 6d. net- Theannua! subscription is 10s. 6d. post free to all countries. Copiesare procurable and subscriptions may be purchased through allBooksellers and Newsagents. THE GOLDONI BOOKSSKETCH BOOKS* DRA WING BOOKS, PAINTING BOOKS ANDWRITING BOOKS, FOR ARTISTS, WRITERS AND LADIES.&amp; These Books, are made of fine Italian Papers, and bound in vellum orIn boards covered with papers upon which designs, floral or conventional,are hand-printed in colours. The beauty and charm of these books must be seen to be realized," These are pages to turn and finger with delight: covers bright andvaried with colour and fresh design; sizes u uncumbersome to the nicesthand. " Write for particulars to The MaskARENA GOLDONI, FLORENCE, ITALY. THE FORUM. &amp;is printing the most brilliant andenduring work of the menand women who willbe the classics ofto-morrow.STORIES : ESSAYS : CRITICISM : PHILO-SOPHY : POLITICS ; POETRY : DRAMA.MITCHELL RENNERLEYNew York &amp; LondonThree months trial subscription two shillings TWO BOOKS ON THE THEATRE,by Edward Gordon Craig.ON THE ART OF THE THEATRE.HEINEMANN 1911.TOWARDS A NEW THEATRE.DENT. 1912.AFTER THE PRACTICE THE THEORY" Most people begin with theory,and go 0n... if they go 0n... to carrytheir theory into practice. Mr. Gordon Craig has done-a betterthing, and, having begun by creating a new Art of the Stage onthe actual boards of the Theatre, has followed up his practicaldemonstration by a Book of Theory, in which he explains what hehas done, telling us also what he hopes to d 0.,,ARTHUR SYMONS in «• STUDIES IN SEYEN ARTS. "ORDER THROUGH ANY BOOKSELLER FOR THE CHILDREN."Eirt R/eines BuchTwenty wood engravings and twentyverses by Fritz Endell, There are only one Hundred and Twentycopies of this book, all are hand-coloured&amp; by the artist. JDOrder from Fritz Endell, Agnesstrasse 12, Munchen•\ SOUV E N I R.A CIS &amp; OALA TEA.MASQUE OF LOVEby Gordon Craig.A few copies of this " Souvenirissued in 1902, and now extremelyrare, may be procured fromTHE MASK PUBLISHERSArena Qoldoni. Florence. Italy.WRITE FOR PARTICULARS.i— ■.«■■■■ IMWHWT A VERY RARE PUBLICATION.TWO PORTFOLIOSOF ETCHINGSby Gordon Craig.SEND FOR PROSPECTUSTO " THE MASK " PUBLISHERS,ARENA GOLDONI, FLORENCE. A LIVING THEATREPRICE ONE SHILLING NET.AN ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET ABOUTTHE GORDON CRAIG SCHOOLAND ITS JOURNALTHE MASKRecentlyPublished.cSecond Edition Now Ready.Order through any Bookseller, or fromThe Society of The Theatre.7, John St Adel p h i. London.\or direct frohtARENA GOLDONI, FLORENCE, ITALY. THE SEVENTH VOLUBEGINS IN JULY.SEND IN SUBSCRIPTIONS THROUGH ANY BOOKSELLER ORDIRECT TO " THE MASK" PUBLISHERS, ARENA GOLDONIFLORENCE.For further particulars see the inside back cover of this Number..»mttrnmmmuwwjwXiinii mini 11 ' ■T"I"*""'"*'—"m—r1"*""'"*'—"m—r i 11 i »nn ■■ im tunim-prr m ■■ iwnii. ini m i m « 'UiiuwwiK i IMIHW .»tiiuu—' WMwr munmMUK I I ~■—m-nm u mi i ■imnminniiiwinwr«n niiiimnniw IHIIM' n.fi ——- ■ 7™