The mask 7 1 July 1914 naau_1914-07_01 The mask 7 1 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 Sir Henry Irving by Paul Renouard. Illustration 4 A WORD ABOUT SCHOPENHAUER AND THE FEMINIST MOVEMENT John Semar cre J. S cre 5-6 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 6 ON WOMEN. An Essay Schopenhauer cre 6-18 Untitled Image Illustration 6 Untitled Image Illustration 18 ON WOMEN. Some Verses Lord Byron cre 19-20 Untitled Image Illustration 20 Sir Henry Irving by Paul Renouard. Illustration 21 ON POETS AND ACTORS, &amp; THE NEED OF MASTERS. A Note Yoo-no-hoo cre 23-28 Untitled Image Illustration 23 THE BEAUTIFUL THE SERVANT OF THE TRUE. A Note Victor Hugo cre 29-31 Untitled Image Illustration 31 A HISTORY OF PUPPETS, "Yorick" cre 32-44 Untitled Image Illustration 32 Untitled Image Illustration 44 SOME ARCHITECTURAL DESIGNS OF PADRE POZZO (16491709) FOR THE THEATRE OF THE SEVENTEENTH CENTURY, with an Introductory Note John Semar cre 45-47; 49-51; 53-54; 56 Untitled Image Illustration 45 Untitled Image Illustration 47 Untitled Image Illustration 49 Untitled Image Illustration 51 Untitled Image Illustration 54 Untitled Image Illustration 56 THE BETRAYED. A Scenario of the Commedia dell' Arte. 57-61 Untitled Image Illustration 57 Untitled Image Illustration 61 THE PIN AND ITS PEDIGPEE. J. S cre 62-67 Untitled Image Illustration 62 Untitled Image Illustration 67 BARTHOLOMEW FAIR, 1721. 68 Untitled Image Illustration 68 BARTHOLOMEW FAIR, 1721 69 Untitled Image Illustration 69 UPON SEVERAL THINGS. Some Notes THE RUSSIAN BALLET M. DIAGHILEW THE DANCER NIJINSKY DESERTERS IN THE ARMY. John Balance cre 71-74 Untitled Image Illustration 74 JEAN GASPARD DEBUREAU. Notes upon a Celebrated Pierrot; by Jules Champfleury, with an Introductory word Pierre Ramés cre Champfleury cre P. R cre 75-77 Untitled Image Illustration 75 THE LAST DAYS OF DEBUREAU. Jules Champfleury cre 77-79 SOME LINES ON DEBUREAU Champfleury cre 79; 81-82 Jean Gaspard Debureau 1796 to 1846. Musée, Carnavalet. Paris, Illustration 81 Untitled Image Illustration 82 EDWARD GORDON CRAIG'S BOOK "ON THE ART OF THE THEATRE." J. S cre 83 A FEW SIGNIFICANT EXTRACTS SHO WING THE INFLUENCE OF A SINGLE PIECE OF WORK. 83-87 BOOK REVIEWS. 88-95 Untitled Image Illustration 88 THE ART OF NIJINSKY; by 88 THE COMEDY OF MANNERS by John Palmer. George Bell. Price ten shillings and sixpence net, P. R cre 88-89 THE DANCE,.ITS PLACE IN ART AND LIFE by T. W. Kinney. W. Heinemann. Price fifteen shillings net. L. N. D cre 89-90 THE TRUE ADVENTURES OF A PLAy by Louis Evan Shipman. Mitchell Kennerley. New York. Price one dollar fifty cents net. N. L cre 90-91 OUR IRISH THEATRE by Lady Gregory.G. P. Putnam's: London. Price five shillings net. C. G. E cre 91 THE CONTINENTAL DRAMA OF TO DAy, by Barrett H. Clark. Henry Holt &amp; Co. New York. Price one dollar, thirty five cents net. N. L cre 92 THE THE A TRE OF MAX HARDTby Hutitly Carter. Frank Palmer. Price seven shillings and sixpence net. J. S cre 92-93 •• W"y help critics ?... they don't 94 Mr HUNTLY CARTER'S LETTER Yours sincerely. Huntly Carter cre 94-95 THE MEANING OF ART by Paul Gaultier: Translated by H. and E Baldwin. Dedicated to Henry Bergson. George Allen. Price five shillings net. ABCDEFG cre 95 BOUGHT BOOKS. 96 ANCIENT ART AND RITUAL by Jane Harrison. Williams and Norgate. Price one shilling. E. G. C cre 96 FOREIGN NOTES. 97 Untitled Image Illustration 97 LONDON. R. S cre 97 INDIA. G. W cre 97 EDITORIAL NOTES. 98-100 Untitled Image Illustration 98 GORDON CRAIG S DESIGNS. 98 Mr ROCKEFELLER &amp; GOOD 98-99 STREET SINGERS, OLD AND 99-100 A WORTHY CELEBRATION. J. S cre 100 Untitled Image Illustration 100 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 101 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 101 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 102 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 103 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 103 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 104 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 104 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 104 A QUARTERLYJO OFTHE ART OF THE THEATREVolumeSeven. NumberOne. JULY1 9 1 4 ARENA GOLDONIFLORENCEITALY&gt;YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION FIFTEEN SHILLINGS. SINGLE COPY PRICE FOUR SHILLINGS NET. &amp;TRADE AGENTS.S IMPK I N, MARSHALL, HAMILTON, KENT &amp; CO. LONDON. T HE MASK. JULY 1914- ■HThe Editor will be glad to consider MSS relative to the Art and History of theTheatre, but would point out that he can only make use of articles written bysuch as have a real knowledge of the subjects treated.£/All possible care will be taken, but he cannot hold himself responsible for theaccidental loss of MSS. These must In every case be accompanied by a stamped andaddressed envelope as otherwise they cannot be returned. &amp; Communications should be addressed to the Arena Ooldoni. Florence. Italy.v.- . £ v ■ _ * i r&gt; • . THE MASKApril 1914 ON WOMEN. &amp; ON WOMEN. &amp; &amp; ON WOM. &amp; &amp; ON WOMEN. &amp; ON WOMEN. j&amp; G N WOMEN. ON WOME ON WOMEN. ON WOMEN. &amp; ON VS OMEN. &amp; &amp; . &amp; ON WOMEN, jz&gt; ON WOMEN. £/ ON WOM. &amp; THE MASK19 14 ON POETS AND ACTORS. ON POETS AND ACTORS. ON POETS AND ACTORS. 40 ON POETS AND ACTORS ON POETS AND ACTORS. THE BEAUTIFUL THE SERVANT OF THE TRUE. THE BEAUTIFUL THE SERVANT OF THE TRUE,. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. THE DESIGNS OF PADRE POZZO• THE DESIGNS OF PADRE POZZO. THE DESIGNS OF PADRE POZZO. THE DESIGNS OF PADRE POZZO. THE DESIGNS OF PADRE POZZO. THE BETRAYED. A SCENARIO. THE BETRA YED. A SCENARIO. THE BETRA YED. A SCENARIO. THE BETRAYED. A SCENARIO. . THE PIN AND ITS PEDIGREE. THE PIN AND ITS PEDIGREE. THE PIN AND ITS PEDIGREE. THE PIN AND ITS PEDIGREE. THE PIN AND ITS PEDIGREE. UPON SEVERAL THINGS. UPON SEVERAL THINGS. UPON SEVERAL THINGS. JEAN GASPARD DEBUREAU. JEAN GASPARD . JEAN GASPARD . JEAN GASPARD DEBUREAU. THE MASKJuly 1914 JEAN GASPARD DEBUREAU. ON THE ART OF THE THEATRE. ON THE ART OF THE THEATRE. ON THE ART OF THE THEATRE. ON THE ART OF THE THEATRE. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. «£? BOOK REVIEWS. &amp; BOOK REVIEWS. EDITORIAL NOTES. . EDITORIAL NOTES. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp;Qerente Responsabile GIULIO VANZI .... "1 .'" .' '. " n i——w— n .11 mmmmmmmmmm**I THE SEVENTH VOLUMEBEQINS NOW.SEND IN SUBSCRIPTIONS THROUGH ANY BOOKSELLER ORDIRECT TO 44 THE MASK" PUBLISHERS, ARENA GOLDONIFLORENCE.For further particulars see the inside back cover of this Number.■III! .Pi ill JUUMI i W4M mIH Hi III III im r' wirm i I Willi in ■in mm nun mm wm&gt;w ■ »mm mi iiBiuiwimi ■■■■■. mui ii mm ■nwiiwwiji _——— ' |'ANNOUNCEMENTS; FROM " THE MASK PRESS "ARENA O OLD ON I. FLORENCE, ITALY.i| SUBSCRIPTION PRICES, THE MASK. VOLUME SEVEN.Of the seventh Volume, which begins with this July number,y Three Editions are published, the yearly subscriptions, post free,*° ese Editions being respectively as follows.' fflSiMa Popular Edition. . . . Shillings 15. Dollars 4.00• Large Paper Edition (200 copies.) „ 20. „ 5.00f Edition de Luxe. (15 copies.) „ 65, „ 16.00. THE MASK. 1908... 1909... 1910... 1911... 1912... 1913...&amp; A certain number of complete sets of Volumes 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 &amp; 6.f still remain, and, bound in vellum, may be obtained from thisoffice, price nine guineas, (dollars 47) a set. 0 &amp; IA PEW EXTRA Vol. 4. shillings 25 dollars 6.50 each ISETS OF Vol. 5. ,   » 20. »» .» 5.5o .» IVol. 6. ,, ,, 20. ,, ,, 5.50 ,,Volumes 5 or 6 Large Paper Ed, (vellum bound,) shillings 25,- dollars 6.50.Orders and Subscriptions may be sent direct toTHE MASK Offices, Arena Qoldoni, Florence, Italy,or "The Society of the Theatre." 7, John St, Adelphi, London. Tel: 1601 Regent ——————■—SOME OPINIONS ON "THE MASK''j! I t« There is not a page in it which is not interesting/ •" and stimulating in a fine way" The Mash " always contains something worth readings« a/itf often something worthPail Mall« i4 quite remarkable , rich in intel- ligence.very amusing and stimulatingf as well as a most" beautiful, magazine."The Daily Telegraph. - .-t . i -AN 1 [) b A.• •75 &gt;1 RARE THING.'9" THE MASK" started in FLORENCE, does not existfor its own sake." THE MASK "has already lived for six years for AN IDEA.I THE SCHOOL FOR THE ART OF THE THEATRE,started in FLORENCE, was brought into being for the sakeof the same IDEA.I ! THE SCH O O L and " TH E MAS K" work together for.this one IDEAI TOWARDS A NEW THEATRE.I THE SOCIETY QF THE started InLONDON, moves with " THE MASK" and THE SCHOOLtowards the same GOAL.WE CAN TAKE CARE OF " THE MASK" &amp; THE SCHOOL.K YOUR RESPONSIBILITY IS THE SOCIETY OF THE THE A TREJ 0 I N I T I WE WANT A MILLION MEMBERS. IYearly Subscription One Shilling.Apply Personally or by Letter to the Secretary of the Society,LONDON OFFICES : JOHN STREET, ADELPHI. 11Office Hours between 10 a. m. and i p. m.Telephone 1601 Regent. II Stampata privatamente all'Arena Goldoni, Via de' Serragli, Firenze LITERARY CONTENTS. A WORD ABOUT SCHOPENHAUER &amp; THEFEMINIST MOVEMENT. . . . . John Semar I.ON WOMEN Schopenhauer 2.SOME LINES ON WOMEN Lord Byron. . . • . .15.ON POETS, ACTORS, &amp; THE NEED OF MASTERS. Yoo-no-hoo 17.THE BEAUTIFUL THE SERVANT OF THE TRUE. Victor Hugo. . . . .23.PUPPETS IN FRANCE. " Yorick ". (P. Ferrigni) . . 26.PADRE POZZO &amp; HIS ARCHITECTURAL DESIGNS John Semar 39.SOME INSTRUCTIONS FOR STAGE SCENES. . Padre Pozzo, 1644-1709). . . 43-THE BETRAYED. A Scenario Early Italian 53-THE PIN &amp; ITS PEDIGREE. ... . Anon 58.BARTHOLOMEW FAIR. 1721 * 64.UPON SEVERAL THINGS John Balance 65.JEAN GASPARD DEBUREAU Jules Champfleury, with an In- troductory word by PierreRamds 69.GORDON CRAIG'S BOOK " ON THE ART OFTHE THEATRE. " Some Opinions .75.BOOK REVIEWS, FOREIGN NOTES, EDITORIAL NOTES.r ILLUSTRATIONS. TWO DRAWINGS OF SIR HENRY IRVING. . Paul Renouard. . Frontispiece andFace 18.FOUR FULL PAGE PLANS FOR THEATRESCENES Padre Pozzo. . . 41, 45, 47, 51.BARTHOLOMEW FAIR From an old Fan. . Face 64.JEAN GASPARD DEBUREAU Face 72.Head and Tale Pieces and Initial Letters by Gordon Craig, Julius Oliver, and fromold Designs. Sir Henry Irving by Paul Renouard. A WORD ABOUT SCHOPENHAUER AND THEFEMINIST MOVEMENT by John Semar. J. S. eiieving that a serious article by an eminent writerwould be welcome at this time upon what is knownas the 44 Feminist Movement and looking downour list of contributors, we come across the nameof Herr Schopenhauer.j&amp;7 Although this author is beginning to be heardof, his writings are seldom read, and, indeed, manyfind it difficult to know where to put their hand upon his essays. Herr Schopenhauer explains here many things which we do npt know,or which, at any rate, it is good for us to be reminded of; and he ex«plains without being funny or vulgar.&amp; There was what appeared to be a grave strike in Florence the otherday, and the whole city seemed paralysed for a moment.&amp; After a few hours had passed the citizens realized that it was notorder but disorder that the Socialists were trying to create ; and, onrealising this, they reopened their shops, and workshops withouta moment's delay.The fact of so many hours being great credit uponthese citizens for allowing it to be presumed that there might be somegrievance; and, like Mr Max Beerbohm and his famous Duke, they gavethe city an hour's grace. Having given it an hour's grace they clubbedits head and went on with the work.&amp; Women all the world over have been in the like position just lately.A group has arisen protesting that it wanted to put things in order. Women all the world over liave just discovered that this groupwanted to put things in disorder. They are now about to club thesewomen's heads, and will then proceed with their work.JZ? Herr Schopenhauer's essay is one which they will not all endorse,or, in fact, read: but one can fancy them saying, if you want to dis- " course on the subject at all this statement is pretty well in its way," and in any case we prefer it to that by Mr Popuny, the famous" up=»to=datist, or to the one by that celebrated mischief-maker who" was obliged to wriggle on his stomach before he could persuade any " one that good fruit was good to eat. " , ON WOMEN. An Essay by Schopenhauer. hese few words of Jouy, Sans les feminescommencement de noire vie seroit prive desecours, le milieu de piaisirs et la fin deconsolation, more exactly express, in my opinion,the true praise of woman than Schiller's poem,Wiirde der Frauen, which is the fruit of muchcareful thought and impressive because of Its an- tithesis and use of contrast. The same thing is more pathetically expressed by Byron in Sardanapalus, Act i., Sc. 2:" The very firstOf human life must spring from .woman's breast,Your first small words are taught you from her lips,Your,first tears quench'd by her, and your last sighsToo often breathed out in a woman's hearing,When men have shrunk from the ignoble careOf watching the last hour of him who led them."Both passages show the right point of view for the appreciation ofwomen. One need only look at a woman's shape to discover that she is notIntended for either too much mental or too much physical work. Shepays the debt of life not by what she does but by what she suffers... bythe pains of childbearing, care for the child, and by subjection to man,to whom she should be a patient and cheerful companion. The greatestsorrows and joys or great exhibition of strength are not assigned toher; her life should flow more quietly, more gently, and less obtrusivelythan man's, without her being essentially happier or unhappier..-yyomen are directly adapted to act as the nurses and educators of ourearly childhood, for the simple reason that they themselves arechildish, foolish, and short=sighted... in a word, are big children all theirlives, something intermediate between the child and the man, who is aman in the strict sense of the word. Consider how a young girl will toyday after day with a child, dance with it and sing to it; and then considerwhat a man, with the very best intentions in the .world, could do Inher place.Withgirls, Nature has had in view what is called in a dramatic sensea " striking effect," for she endows them for a few years with arichness of beauty and a fulness of charm at the expense of the rest oftheir lives; so that they may during these years ensnare the fantasy ofa man to such a degree as to make him rush into taking the honourablecare of them, in some kind of form, for a lifetime... a step which wouldnot seem sufficiently justified if he only considered the matter. Accor- dingly, Nature has furnished woman, as she has the rest of her creatures,with the weapons and implements necessary for the protection of herexistence and for just the length of time that they will be of service toher; so that Nature has proceeded here with her usual economy. Justas the female ant after coition loses her wings, which then becomesuperfluous, nay, dangerous for breeding purposes, so for the most partdoes a woman lose her beauty after giving birth to one or two children;and probably for the same reasons.&amp; Then again we find that young girls in their hearts regard theirdomestic or other affairs as secondary things, if not as a mere jest. Love, conquests, and all that these include, such as dressing, dancing, and soon, they give their serious attention.nphe nobler and more perfect a thing is, the later and slower is it Inreaching maturity. Man reaches the maturity of his reasoning andmental faculties scarcely before he is eight-and-twenty; woman whenshe Is eighteen; but hers is reason of very narrow limitations. This iswhy women remain children all their lives, for they always see onlywhat is near at hand, cling to the present, take the appearance of athing for reality, and prefer trifling matters to the most important. Itis by virtue of man's reasoning powers that he does not live in thepresent only, like the brute, but observes and ponders over the pastand future; and from this spring discretion, care, and that anxiety whichwe so frequently notice in people. The advantages, as well as the disad- vantages, that this entails, make woman, in consequence of her weakerreasoning powers, less of a partaker in them. Moreover, she Is intel- lectually short-sighted, for although her intuitive understanding quicklyperceives what is near to her, on the other hand her circle of vision islimited and does not embrace anything that is remote; hence everythingthat is absent or past, or in the future, affects women in a less degreethan men. This is why they have greater inclination for extravagance,which sometimes borders on madness. Women in their hearts think thatmen are intended to earn money so that they may spend It, if possibleduring their husband's lifetime, but at any rate after his death.&amp; As soon as he has given them his earnings on which to keep housethey are strengthened in this belief. Although all this entails manydisadvantages, yet it has this advantage... that -a woman lives more inthe present than a man, and that she enjoys it more keenly if it is atall bearable. This Is the origin of that cheerfulness which is peculiar towoman and" makes her fit to divert man, and in case of need, to consolehim when he is weighed down by cares. To consult women in matter ofdifficulty, as the Germans used to do in old times, is by no means amatter to be overlooked; for their way of grasping a thing is quitedifferent from ours, chiefly because they like the shortest way to thepoint, and usually keep their attention fixed upon what lies nearest; while we, as a rule, see beyond it, (or the simple reason that It liesunder our nose; it then becomes necessary for us to be brought back tothe thing in order to obtain a near and simple view. This is why womenare more sober In their judgment than we, and why they see nothingmore In things than is really there; while we, if our passions are roused,slightly exaggerate or add to our imagination.&amp; It is because women's reasoning powers are weaker that they showmore sympathy for the unfortunate than men, and consequently take akindlier Interest in them. On the other hand, women are inferior to menin matters of justice, honesty, and conscientiousness. Again, becausetheir reasoning faculty Is weak, things clearly visible and real, andbelonging to the present, exercise a power over them which Is rarelycounteracted by abstract thoughts, fixed maxims, or firm resolutions, ingeneral, by regard for the past and future or by consideration for whatIs absent and remote. Accordingly they have the first and principalqualities of virtue, but they lack the secondary qualities which are oftena necessary instrument in developing it. Women may be compared inthis respect to an organism that has a liver but no gall-bladder, (i) Sothat it will be found that the fundamental fault in the character ofwomen is that they have no "sense of This arises from theirdeficiency in the power of reasoning already referred to, and reflection,but Is also partly due to the fact that Nature has not destined them, asthe weaker sex, to be dependent on strength but on cunning; this iswhy they are instinctively crafty, and have an Ineradicable tendency tolie. For as lions are furnished with claws and teeth, elephants withtusksj boars with fangs, bulls with horns, and the cuttlefish with itsdark, inky fluid, so Nature has provided woman for her protection anddefence with the faculty of dissimulation, and ail the power which Naturehas given to man in the form of bodily strength and reason has beenconferred on woman in this form. Hence, dissimulation Is innate inwoman and almost as characteristic of the very stupid as of the clever.Accordingly, it is as natural for women to dissemble at every opportunityas it is for those animals to turn to their weapons when they areattacked; and they feel in doing so that in a certain measure they are only making use of their rights. Therefore a woman who is - perfectlytruthful and does not dissemble is perhaps an impossibility. This is whythey see through dissimulation in others so easily; therefore it is notadvisable to attempt it with them. From the fundamental defect thathas been stated, and ali that it involves, spring falseness, faithlessness,treachery, ungratefulness, and so on. In a court of justice women aremore often found guilty of perjury than men. It is indeed to be generallyquestioned whether they should be allowed to take an oath at all. Fromtime to time there are repeated cases everywhere of ladies, who want fornothing, secretly pocketing and taking away things from shop counters.has made It the calling of the young, strong, and handsomemen to look after the propagation of the human race; so that thespecies may not degenerate. This is the firm will of Nature, and it findsits expression in the passions of women. This law surpasses ali others inboth age and [power. Woe then to the man who sets up rights and in- terests in such a way as to make them stand in the way of it; forwhatever he may do or say, they will, at the first significant onset, beunmercifully annihilated. For the secret, unformulated, nay, unconsciousbut innate moral of woman is: We are justified in deceiving thosewho, because they care a little for us,... that is to. say for the in- dividual,.., imagine they have obtained rights over the species.The constitution, and consequently the welfare of the species, havebeen put into our hands and entrusted to our care through themedium of the next generation which proceeds from us ; let usfulfil our duties conscientiously.But women are by no means conscious of this leading principle inabslracto, they are only conscious of it in concreto, and have no otherway of expressing it than in the manner in which they act when theopportunity arrives. So that their conscience does not trouble them somuch as we imagine, for in the darkest depths of their hearts they areconscious that in violating their duty towards the individual they haveall the better fulfilled it towards the species, whose claim upon themis Infinitely greater. A fuller explanation of this matter may be found invol II ch. 44, in my chief work, (Die Welt als Wille und Vorstellung). -s? Because women in truth exist entirely for the propagation of the raceand their destiny ends here, they live more for the species than for theindividual, and in their hearts take the affairs of the species more se- riously than those of the individual. This gives to their whole being andcharacter a certain frivolousness, and altogether a certain tendencywhich Is fundamentally different from that of man; and this it is which*develops that discord in married life which is so prevalent and almostthe normal state.It is natural for a feeling of mere indifference to exist between men,but between women it is actual enmity. This is due perhaps to the factthat odium figalinum, in the case of men, is limited to their everydayaffairs, but with women embraces the whole sex; since they have onlyone kind of business. Even when they meet in the street, they look ateach other like Guelphs and Ghibellines. And it is quite evident whentwo women first make each other's acquaintance that they exhibit moreconstraint and dissimulation than two men placed in similar circumstances.This is why an exchange of compliments between two women is muchmore ridiculous than between two men.Further, while a man will, as a rule, address others, even those in- ferior to himself, with a certain feeling of consideration and humanity,it is unbearable to see how proudly and disdainfully a lady of rank will,for the most part, -behave towards one who is in a lower rank (not.employed in her service) when.she speaks to her. This may be becausedifferences of rank are much more precarious with women than with us,and consequently more quickly change their line of conduct and elevatethem, or because while a hundred things must be weighed in our case,there is only one to be weighed in theirs, namely, with which man theyhave found favour; and again, because of the one-sided nature of theirvocation they stand in closer relationship to each other than men do ;and so it is they try to render prominent the differences of rank.It is only the man whose intellect Is clouded by his sexual instinct thatcould give that stunted, narrow-shouldered, broad-hipped, and short"legged race the name of the fair sex; for the entire beauty of the sexis based on this instinct. One would be more justified in calling them the anaesthetic sex than the beautiful. Neither for music, nor for fineart have they any real or true sense and susceptibility, and It is meremockery on their part, in their desire to please, if they affect anysuch thing.This makes them incapable of taking a purely objective interest inanything, and the reason for it is, I fancy, as follows. A man strives toget direct mastery over things either by understanding them or bycompulsion. But a woman is always and everywhere driven to indirectmastery, namely through a man; all her direct mastery being limitedto him alone. Therefore it lies in woman's nature to look upon every- thing only as a means for winning man, and her interest in anythingelse Is always a simulated one, a mere roundabout way to gain herends, consisting of coquetry and pretence. Hence Rosseau said, " Lesfemmes, en general, n'aiment aucun art, ne se connoissent aet n'ont aucun genie. (Lettre k d'Alemberi, note XX). Everyone whocan see through jx sham must have found this to be the case. One needonly watch the way they behave at a concert, the opera, or the play ;the childish simplicity, for instance, with which they keep on chatteringduring the finest passages in the greatest masterpieces. If it is true thatthe Greeks forbade women to go to the play, they acted in a right way,for they would at any rate be able to hear something. In our day itwould be more appropriate to substitute taceat mulier in theatro fortaceat mulier in ecclesia; and this might perhaps be put up in bigletters on the curtain.£? Nothing different can be expected of women if It is borne in mindthat the most eminent of the whole sex have never accomplished any- thing in the fine arts that is really great, genuine, and original, or givento the world any kind of work of permanent value. This is most strikingin regard to painting, the technique of which is as much within theirreach as within ours; this is why they pursue it so industriously. Still,they have not a single great painting to show, for the simple reasonthat they lack that objectivity of mind which is precisely what is sodirectly a necessary in painting. They always stick to what is subjective.For this reason, ordinary women have no susceptibility for painting atall; for natura non Facet saltum. And Huarte, in his book which has been famous from three hundred years, Examen de ingenios para lesscienzias, contends that women do not possess the higher capabilities.Individual and partial exceptions do not alter the matter; women areand remain, taken altogether, the most thorough and Incurable Phili- stines ; and because of the extremely absurd arrangement which allowsthem to share the position and title of their husbands they are a constantstimulus to his ignoble ambitions. And further, It is because they arePhilistines that modern society, to which they give the tone, and wherethey have sway, has become corrupted. As regards their position, oneshould be guided by Napoleon's maxim, ;and regarding them in other things, Chamfort says very truly: Ellessont faites pour commercer avec nos faiblesses avec notre folie,mals non avec notre raison. II existe entre elles et les hommesdes sympathies d'epiderme et tres-pe de sympathie d'esprit, d'ameet de caractere. They are the sexus sequior, the second sex in everyrespect, therefore their weaknesses should be spared, but to treat womenwith extreme reverence is ridiculous, and lowers us in their own eyes.When nature divided the human race into two parts, she did not cut Itexactly through the middle! The difference between the positive andnegative poles, according to polarity, is not merely qualitative but alsoquantitative. And It was in this light that the ancients and people ofthe East regarded woman ; they recognised her true position better thanwe, with our old French Ideas of gallantry and absurd veneration, thathighest product of Christian-Teutonic stupidity. These ideas have onlyserved to make them arrogant and imperious, to such an extent as toremind one at times of the holy apes in Benares, who, in the conscious- ness of their holiness and inviolability, think they can do anything andeverything they please.In the West, the woman, that is to say the " lady," finds herself Ina fausse position; for woman, rightly named by the ancients sexussequior, is by no means fit to be the object of our honour and vene- ration, or to hold her head higher than man and to have the same rightsas he. The consequence of this fausse position are sufficiently clear.Accordingly, it would be a very desirable thing if this Number Two ofthe human race in Europe were assigned her natural position, and the lady-grievance got rid of, which is not only ridiculed by the whole ofAsia, but would have been equally ridiculed by Greece and Rome.The result of this would be that the condition of our social, civil, andpolitical affairs would be incalculably improved. The SaSlc law would beunnecessary; It would be a superfluous truism. The European lady,strictly speaking, is a creature who should not exist at ail; but thereought to be housekeepers, and young girls who hope to become such;and they should be brought up not to be arrogant, but to be domesticatedand submissive. It is exactly because there are ladies in Europe thatwomen of a lower standing, that is to say, the larger majority of thesex, are much more unhappy than they are in the East.Even Lord Byron says (" Letters and Papers," by Thomas Moore,vol. II, p. 399), " Thought of the state of women under the ancient44 Greeks... convenient enough. Present state, a remnant of the barbarism44 of the cfaivalric and feudal ages... artificial and unnatural. They ought44 to mind home... and be well fed and clothed... but not mixed in society.44 Well educated, too, in religion... but to read neither poetry nor44 politics... nothing but books of piety and cookery. Music... drawing...44 dancing... also a little gardening and ploughing now and then. 1 have44 seen them mending the roads in Epirus with good success. Why not,44 as well as hay-making and milking?"In our part of the world, where monogamy Is in force, to marry meansto halve one s rights and to double one's duties. When the laws grantedwoman the same laws as man, they should also -have given her amasculine power of reason. On the contrary, just as the privileges andhonours which the laws decree to women surpass what Nature has metedout to them, so is there a proportional decrease in tbe number of womenwho really share these privileges; therefore the remainder are deprivedof their natural rights in so far as the others have been given more thanNature accords. For the unnatural position of privilege which the insti- tution of monogamy, and the laws of marriage which accompany it,assign to the woman, whereby she is regarded throughout as a fullequivalent of the man, which she is not by any means, cause intelligentand prudent men to reflect a great deal before they make so great a sacrifice and consent to so unfair an arrangement. Therefore, whilstamong polygamous nations every woman finds maintenance, where mo~nogamy exists the number of married women is limited, and a countlessnumber of women who are without support remain over; those in theupper classes vegetate as useless old maids, those in the lower arereduced to very hard work of a distasteful nature, or become prostitutes,and lead a life which is as joyless as it is void of honour. But undersuch circumstances they become a necessity to the masculine sex; sothat their position is~open!y recognised as a special means for protectingfrom seduction those other women favoured by fate either to have foundhusbands, or who hope to find them. In London alone there are 80,000prostitutes. (1) Then what are these women who have come too quicklyto this most terrible end but human sacrifices on the altar of monogamy ?The women here referred to and who are placed in this wretchedposition are the inevitable counterbalance to the European lady, withher pretensions and arrogance. Hence polygamy is a real benefit to thefemale sex, taking it as a whole. And, on the other hand, there is noreason why a man whose wife suffers from chronic illness, or remainsbarren, or has gradually become too old for him, should not take a second.Many people become converts to Mormonism for the precise reasons thatthey condemn the unnatural institution of monogamy. The conferringof unnatural rights upon women has imposed unnatural duties uponthem, the violation of which, however, makes them unhappy.For example, many a man thinks marriage unadvisabie as far as hissocial standing and monetary position are concerned, unless he contractsa brilliant match, He will then wish to win a woman of his own choiceunder different conditions, namely, under those which will render safeher future and that of her children. Be the conditions ever so just,reasonable, and adequate, and she consents by giving up those undueprivileges which marriage, as the basis of civil society, alone can bestow,she must to a certain extent lose her honour and lead a life of loneliness;since human nature makes us dependent on the opinion of others in away that Is completely out of proportion to its value. While, if the woman does not consent, she runs the risk of being compelled to marrya man she dislikes, or of shrivelling up into an old maid; for the timeallotted to her to find a home Is very short.&amp; In view of this side of the institution of monogamy, Thomaslus's pro- foundly learned treatise, de Concubinatu, Is well worth reading, for Itshows that, among all nations, and in all ages; down to the LutheranReformation, concubinage was allowed, nay, that it was an institution,in a certain measure even recognised by law and associated with nodishonour. And it held this position until the Lutheran Reformation,when it was recognised as another means for justifying the marriageof the clergy; whereupon the Catholic party did not dare to remainhehindhand in the matter.It is useless to argue about polygamy, it must be taken as a factexisting everywhere, the mere regulation of which is the problem tobe solved. Where are there, then, any real monogamists ?We all live,at any rate for a time, and the majority of us always, in polygamy.Consequently, as each man needs many woman, nothing is more justthan to let him, nay, make it incumbent upon him to provide for manywomen. By this means woman will be brought back to her proper andnatural place as a subordinate being, and the lady, that monster ofEuropean civilisation and Christian-Teutonic stupidity, which her redl- culous claim to respect and veneration, will no longer exist; there willstill be women, but no unhappy women, of whom Europe is at presentfull. The Mormon's standpoint is right.In India no woman is ever Independent, but each one stands under thecontrol of her father or her husband, or brother or son, in accordancewith the law of Manu.It is certainly a revolting idea that widows should sacrifice themselveson their husband's dead body; but it is also revolting that the moneywhich the husband has earned by working diligently for all his life, inthe hope that he was working for his children, should be wasted on herparamours. Medium tenuere beati. The first love of a mother, as thatof animals and men, is purely instinctive, and consequently ceases whenthe child is no longer physically helpless. After that, the first love should be reinstated by a love based on habit and reason; but this often doesnot appear, especially where the mother has not loved the father. Thelove of a father for his children is of a different nature and more sincere;it is founded on a recognition of his own inner self in the child, and istherefore metaphysical In Its origin.&amp; In almost every nation, both of the new and old world, and evenamong the Hottentots, property is inherited by the male descendantsalone; it Is only in Europe that one has departed from this. That theproperty which men have with difficulty acquired by long-continuedstruggling and hard work should afterwards come into the hands ofwomen, who, in their want of reason, either squander it within a shorttime or otherwise waste it, is an injustice as great as it is common, andit should be prevented by limiting the right of women to inherit. Itseems to me that it would be a better arrangement if women, be theywidows or daughters, only inherited the money for life secured bymortgage, but not the property itself or the capital, unless there lacked*male descendants. It is men who make the money, and not women;therefore women are neither justified in having unconditional possessionof it nor capable of administrating it. Women should never have thefree disposition of wealth, strictly so-called, which they may inherit, suchas capital, houses, and estates. They need a guardian always; thereforethey should not have the guardianship of their children under anycircumstances whatever. The vanity of women, even if it should not begreater than that of men, has this evil In it, that it is directed onmaterial things... that is to say, on their personal beauty and then ontinsel, pomp, and show. This is why they are in their right element insociety. This It is which makes them inclined to be extravagant,especially since they posses little reasoning power. Accordingly, an ancientwriter says, TUVVI TO CUVOXOV icridz—z-rs,pcv (*) Men's vanity, on theother hand, Is often directed on non-material advantages, such as intellect,learning, courage, and the like. Aristotle explains In the Politics (2) thegreat disadvantages which the Spartans brought upon themselves bygranting too much to their women, by allowing them the right of inheritance and dowry, and a great amount of freedom; and how thiscontributed greatly to the fall of Sparta. May it not be that the influenceof women in France, which has been increasing since Louis XIII.'s time,was to blame for that gradual corruption of the court and governmentwhich led to the first Revolution, of which all subsequent disturbanceshave been the result? In any case, the false position of the female sex,so conspicuously exposed by the existence of the 41 lady," is a fundamentaldefect in our social condition, and this defect, proceeding from the veryJieart of it, must extend its harmful influence in every direction. Thatwoman is by nature Intended to obey is shown by the fact that everywoman who is placed in the unnatural position of absolute independenceat once attaches herself to some kind of man, by whom she is controlledand governed; this is because she requires a master. If she is young,the man Is a lover; if she is old, a priest, (i) (I) Let me refer to what 1 have said in my treatise on " The Foundation of Morals," 71. (I) If this was the number when Schopenhauer wrote, what must be the number sow when the city has soincreased its size? Ed. (1) Bmuck's " Gcomici poetae graeci, " v. 115. (2) Bk. I., ch. 9. (I) The translation here given is that o! S. H. Dircks, published by the Walter Scott Co. ON WOMEN. Some Verses by Lord Byron. Juan presented in the proper place,To proper placemen, every Russ credential;And was received with all tIse due grimace,By those who govern in the mood potential,Who, seeing a handsome stripling with smooth face,Thought (what in state affairs is most essential)That they as easily might do the youngster,As hawks may pounce upon a woodland songster,They err'd, as aged men will do; but byAnd by we'll talk of that; and if we don't,'T will be because our notion is not highOf politicians and their double front,Who live by lies, yet dare not boldly lie;...Now what 1 love in women is, they won'tOr can't do otherwise than lie, but do itSo well, the very truth seems falsehood to it." * iWhat a strange thing is man ! and what a strangerIs woman ! what a whirlwind is her head,And what a whirlpool full of depth and danger*is all the rest about her! Whether wed,Or widow, maid, or mother, she can change herMind like the wind : whatever she has saidOr done, is light to what she'll say or do:...The oldest thing on record, and yet new!A something all sufficient for the heartIs that for which the sex are always seeking:But how to fill up that same vacant part ?There lies the rub... and this they are but weak in. Frail mariners afloat without a chart,They run before the wind through high seas breaking;And when they have made the shore through every shock.'Tis odd, or odds, it may turn out a rock. Adam exchanged his Paradise for ploughing,.Eve made up millinery with fig leaves...The earliest knowledge from the tree so knowing,As far as I know, that the church receives:And since that time it need not cost much showing,That many of the ills o'er which man grieves,And still more women, spring from not employingSome hours to make the remnant worth enjoying.. XXXV. XXXVI. LXIV. LXXIV. LXXVIII. Sir Henry Irving by Paul Renouard. ON POETS AND ACTORS, &amp; THE NEED OFMASTERS. A Note by Yoo-no-hoo. r Alexander Watson recited the " EverlastingMercy " not long since at the Little Theatre inLondon, and, as " Poetry and Drama " tells us," was hailed by the united press in a ringingchorus of praise ".£/ The journal goes on to say that certainly " his" enunciation is clear, his elocution excellent, and" his voice splendidly controlled ; yet it was not " " The Everlasting Mercy " he gave us, but rather a demonstration of" his own powers, using the ''Everlasting Mercy" as a medium. "I heard from a very celebrated English performer and a very finecritic of performers that Mr Watson's recital was really very admirable.This was speaking of the performance purely from the performer'spoint of view and therefore 1 am inclined to think that it was just what" Poetry and Drama " says: " a demonstration of his own powers " andnot the demonstration of Masefield's powers nor the powers of poetry.One has heard the same remark made [about Salvini, about LudwigBarney and about ail the great stage speakers;... that they gave demon- strations of their own powers, using the, play and abusing the poet.It is a little difficult to keep one's temper when reading year afteryear such criticisms, and, unfortunately, one can read similar criticismscovering all the past nineteen centuries.*JZ/ This is no new statement that they are making, and yet they arecontinually making it.But do they believe in their hearts that the actor has not been tryingto do for centuries what they want him to do ?Do these good fellows really imagine that Salvini was not trying withall the force of Salvini to give out to the people of the force and beautyof the poets that he recited ?Do they beiieve too that Ellen Terry,... for here is a speaker who, Ibelieve, may be called a good speaker, a fairly good speaker,... do theybelieve that she has not tried with all the force at her command to bringout that which is most perfect, to bring out the poetry and not to bring out Ellen Terry? Do they really think that she and the great Italianactor love themselves far better than the poem ? ...Do they really thinkso ?... believe this ?Now honestly, do you, Harold Monro and the rest of you in the PoetryBook Shop, really believe this ? And would you swear to it that thepoet wishes more truly to bring out,... (now we're about it!)... thepoetry rather than himself?These are simple questions, and a 4 yes' or a 4 no' answers them.&amp; But I will say what 1 believe. 1 believe that the actor loves best thepoem, and that he loves it more than the poet loves it.And I will tell you why.The poet squeaks and gasps out the poem, the actor rolls it out ofhis mouth. Both are abominable, but the actor is the better of the two.I have never heard anything more pitiful than the noises emitted bya poet when reciting his own poetry, and 1 have heard some of thebest poets.z? DJd anyone ever hear Swinburne reciting any of his own poems ?it seems to me that what the 44 Poetry and Drama " group are reallyworried about is the precedence of the actor over the poet. Am Inot right ?But did It ever occur to them,... (there is no reason why it shouldnot have occurred to them)... that neither the actor nor the poet shouldspeak these things aloud before groups of people ?They say the written word abides, but the written poetic word runsa good chance of being destroyed utterly If poets are going to treattheir own works worse than actors do.44 We are frequently asked to send readers into the provinces. "1 quote from the same number of 44 Poetry and Drama. "What an awful idea... shipping them like missionaries into the provinces !&amp; Again, I fear that it is altogether wrong for 44 Poetry and Drama" toassert that 44 Facial expression and gesture, such as the actor may be44 obliged to practise, serve rather to obscure than to elucidate the44 beauties of poetry. "&amp; For my part I can support a day without listening to a poem spoken ;in fact, I prefer not to hear spoken poems; but if it be spoken, if one word of poetry escapes through the voice, the facial expression and thegesture must be there In their two perfections.I might during the day meet a man or woman who would say twoor three words which were essentially all that was poetic; but, if thegesture were non-existent, it is quite sure 1 should be suspicious aboutthe voice. I don't want a maimed body... Is that what the " Poetry BookShop " wants ?Here it is that one's patience Is sorely tried.When, in the present condition of things, Mr Masefield wishes hispoem to be heard by the public Mr Masefleld's good friend is MrAlexander Watson.The question here, is not the question of Improvisation. If it wereso the poet would be able to pour out his verse like Shelley's Sky-lark,and then there would be an end of writing and then therewould be no need for Mr Alexander Watson to give his life up to thework of Interpreting it.But what you poets at present propose doing is to write your poemsand afterwards learn them as though they were quite unknown to you.That wont do; ....that wont do for poets.Then, that being the case, why can't you show a little decent courtesyto Salvlni, Ellen Terry, and your latest excellent friend, Alexander Watson?In thinking about the theatre, the actor and the other performers,1 have very often been led to put up a fight against those of my owncalling, and our difference of opinion has not changed. The actor stillthinks he is something less than he Is, whereas I shall still continue tothink that he might be something much greater than he is.And having this belief I have found it good to say some things aboutthe actor which bordered on everything which was impertinent. For ofcourse I was thinking of the older actors rather than the younger ones. 1daresay, however, that our family differences will come out all rightin the end.But for centuries you poets, ....or perhaps I should say, you minorpoets, the great imitators of the art of song, have, rather foolishly 1think, done all you could to belittle the race of actors from which I come.1 am sure we are all ready to grant every word you can say against us; but dont forget that Shakespeare might have been dead years agobut for the actors.This is a remark I have never made before, and hope I shall nevermake again because it is one continually to be heard Issuing from themouths of my old friend Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree and the otherchampions of the art that is today become ridiculous. They bring it outas a kind of catch phrase on hearing which the public will instantlygive a round of applause. I repeated it just now unconsciously and whilewondering to myself whether Shakespeare would ever have come towrite down "Facial expression and gesture, such as the actor may be'* obliged to practise, serve rather to obscure than to elucidate the" beauties of poetry. " ....Let anybody who reads this try and imagineShakespeare sitting down and making such a statement as that!I suppose we take it that Shakespeare was very much of a man, andrather than write such a phrase he would have stopped writing poetry.I have written before of the actor, the Interpreter, and one or twopeople may remember that 1 have said that he is an unnatural Inventionand that a human being cannot be an interpretor. (i),Dr Coomaraswamy, the only man whose words have in any wayimpressed me in connection with this question, (For the moment I forgethis words, but you will find them in " The Mask " Vol. six pg. 111-128)says that India has produced the interpreter, the man who could bethe interpreter.&amp; Now I have not yet seen these Indian interpreters of whom the Doctorspeaks. May they entirely overthrow my theory,... a theory which youmust excuse me for reminding you has its roots in a long and affectionatepractise In the theatre.£? But I notice this point about the doctor's statement: He finds hisIdeal interpreter in a land which I think you in England look downupon with scorn. It is the land of the master and the slave;... and theydo say that it is difficult to tell the difference between the two in thosefar lands, whereas the difference is very marked in all the streets andsalons and other public places of London.£&gt; In London the slave is branded right and left. There are over thirty million of 'em. They walk up and down the streets with padlocks ontheir hands, chains on their feet, their eyes bandaged, their lips as Itwere sewn with wire thread. They are sore to death In their slavery,for nearly every man is a stave in England,... and I believe there Ishardly one in India.Now, while you are talking about poetry and the Interpretationof poetry, and the badness of the actor, you are entirely forgetting theconditions that both poet and actor, and, indeed, the public also, aretolerating in England... In Europe.This question of Art comes not first for us because we have placedIt second • •••• Good then!To place It first we must be readjusted.We know the old order: we know it perfectly well, but we wontobserve it because we are frightened to be pushed aside or to be forgotten,it seems.In a devil of a hurry, most of us! such a short life,... what ?!" Why, we have got to get to that position, and look where we werefive years ago I" This is what is In most of our heads. It is worrying usto death.£/ Why, even Mr Bernard Shaw finds it necessary to bring out a playat His Majesty's Theatre,... "Pygmalion." George Bernard Shaw is actuallyfrightened that he is going to be left behind, that his voice is not goingto be heard, that he has not already done his work; frightened that heis going to be a slave instead of a master! And the day that he temptedBeerbohm Tree he was tempting fate,... but the day when he sat likethe " old father " benignly watching the rehearsals and allowing thecrime to continue his fate was sealed.With the young men ci the Poetry Book Shop the thing should beeasier. They have their master, and it is entirely their fault if they wastetheir time worrying about the admirable work of Mr Alexander WatsonInstead of getting off to the Arran Islands and peeling a few potatoesand settling down to enjoy their life and perhaps utter a couple of verses.But they are probably much better pupils than 1 give them creditfor being and 1 hope that they respect all the feelings, thought and ordersof their leader, W.B.Yeats, though, looking through " Poetry and Drama" I hardly feel that they are doing him quite as much credit as theymight be.Yet after all, to walk daily through a city of people chained hand, foot,ears and lips must be a little trying to even the strong constitutions ofMessrs Monro, Elton, Del Re, Pound and the other personalities of thisjournal, and one must take that into consideration.And then, of course, when they see their poetry appear In print, andread about the theatre according to Mr Gilbert Cannan and Mr WilliamArcher, ....two men who seem to be practically contradicting each other,...that must also be a little trying.£&gt; However, they could spare themselves all this if they would.&amp; I wonder how many of the monuments of Egypt, India or China wouldhave appeared had this continual hubbub of little masters been permittedby the authorities to become so great a nuisance there as it is in Londonto day.-I don't know in the least what constitutes Mr William Archer's rightto give any opinion whatever concerning the theatre, and I have neveryet known. One of the most delightful of men, his opinions concerningthe stage are unsound from first to last: he Is ignorant of what constitutesdrama and ignorant of ail which concerns art. A first class journalist,Mr Archer's place is on the " Daily Mail. "Mr Gilbert Cannan is another whose opinions concerning the theatreare just a little difficult to rely on, for he changes his opinion so often.&amp; This question of the Theatre art, and of poetry and the theatre, is sofine, so serious, so very serious a thing that the greatest of care shouldbe exercised by the editor of " Poetry and Drama " before permittingwriters who hold no definite opinion to express all that loose stuffwithin, the hearing of a number of men and women waiting to be toldsomething.But this too is absolutely natural in a land which is governed byits slaves,... slaves to each other... slaves whose slavery Is their solemelancholy boast. They call It " keeping an open mind. "However, enough of this :.... When one carries the old idea of royaltyIn one's head and the old Idea of the government of the flock of sheep,one is bound to talk a little in this way. (I) " On Ihe Art of the Theatre. " Heioemann. THE BEAUTIFUL THE SERVANT OF THETRUE. A Note by Victor Hugo. Ah, minds! be useful! Be of some service. Do not be fastidious whenit is necessary to be efficient and good. Art for art may be beautiful,but art for progress is more beautiful yet. To dream reverie is well, todream Utopia Is better. Ah! you must think? Then think of makingman better. You must dream ? Here is the dream for you : the ideal. Theprophet seeks solitude, but not isolation. He unravels and untwists thethreads of humanity tied and rolled in a skein in his soul; he does notbreak them. He goes into the desert to think; of whom ? Of the multitude.It is not to the forests that he speaks, it is to the cities. It is not atfthe grass bending to the wind that he looks, it is at man; it is notagainst lions that he wars, it is against tyrants. Woe to thee, Ahab 1woe to thee, Hoseal woe to you, kings! woe to you, Pharaohs! is thecry of the great solitary one. Then he weeps.For what ? for that eternal captivity of Babylon, undergone by Israelformerly, undergone by Poland, by Roumanla, by Hungary, by Veniceto-day. He grows old, the good and dark thinker; he watches, he liesin wait, he listens, he looks, ear in the silence, eye In the night, clawhalf stretched towards the wicked. Go and speak to him then of art forart, to that cenoblte of the ideal. He has his aim, and he walks straighttowards it, and his aim is tills: Improvement. He devotes himself to it.&amp; He does not belong to himself, he belongs to his apostolate. He is/entrusted with that immense care, the progress of the human race.Genius Is not made for genius, it is made for man. Genius on earth isGod giving himself. Each time that a chef-d'oeuvre appears, it Is adistribution of God that takes place. The chef-d'oeuvre is a variety ofthe miracle. Thence, in all religions, and among all peoples, faith indivine men. They deceive themselves, those who think that we deny thedivinity of Christ.At the poiht now reached by the social question, everything shouldbe action in common. Forces isolated frustrate one another, the Idealand the real strengthen each other. Art necessarily aids science. Thesetwo wheels of progress should turn together.Generation of new talents, noble group of writers and poets, legion of young men. 0 living posterity of my country I Your elders love andsalute you. Courage I let us devote ourselves. Let us devote ourselvesto the good, to the true, to the just. In that there is goodness.Some pure lovers of art, affected by a pre-occupation which in its wayhas its dignity and nobleness, discard this formula, " Art for Progress, "the Beautiful Useful, fearing lest the useful should deform the beautiful.They tremble lest they should see attached to the fine arms of the Musethe coarse hand of the drudge. According to them the ideal may becomeperverted by too much contact with reality. They are anxious for thesublime if it is lowered as far as humanity. Ah ! they are mistaken.The useful, far from circumscribing the sublime, increases it. Theapplication of the sublime to human things produces unexpected chefs«d'oeuvre. The useful, considered in Itself and as element combiningwith the sublime, is of several kinds; there is the useful which is tender,and there is the useful which is indignant. Tender, it refreshes theunfortunate and creates the social epopee; Indignant, it flagellates thewicked, and creates the divine satire. Moses hands the rod to Jesus, andafter having caused the water to gush from the rock, that august rod,the very same, drives the vendors from the sanctuary.&amp; What! art should grow less because it has expanded ! No. One servicemore is one more beauty.You say: The muse is made to sing, to love, to believe, to pray. Yesand no. Let us understand each other. To sing whom ? The void. To lovewhat? Oneself. To believe In what? The dogma. To pray to what? TheIdol. No, here is the truth : To sing the ideal, to love humanity, to believein progress, to pray to the infinite.Take care, you who are tracing those circles round the poet, you puthim beyond man. That the poet should be beyond humanity in one way,by the wings, by the immense flight, by the sudden possible disappearancein the fathomless, it is well, it must be so, but on condition of reap- pearance. He may depart, but he must return. Let him have wings forthe infinite, provided he has feet for the earth, and that, after havingbeen seen flying, he is seen walking. Let him become man again, afterhe has gone out of humanity. After he has been seen an archangel, lethim be once more a brother. Let the star which Is in that eye weep a tear, and that tear be the human tear. Thus, human and superhuman,he shall be the poet. But to be altogether beyond man, is not to be.Show me thy foot, genius, and let us see if, like myself, thou hastearthly dust on thy heel.j0 If thou hast not some of that dust, if thou hast never walked In mypathway, thou dost not know me and I do not know thee. Go away.Thou believest thyself an angel, thou art but a bird.0 Aid from the strong for the weak, help from the great for the small,help from the free for the slaves, help from the thinkers for the ignorant,help from the solitary for the multitudes. Such is the law, from Isaiahto Voltaire. He who does not follow that law may be a genius, but heis only a useless genius. By not handling the things of the earth, hethinks to purify himself, he annuls himself. He is the refined, the delicate,he may be the exquisite genius; he is not the great genius. Any one,roughly useful, but useful, has the right to ask on seeing that good- for nothing genius, Who is this idler? The amphora which refuses to goto the fountain deserves the hooting of the pitchers,0 Great Is he who devotes himself t Even when overcome, he remainsserene, and his misery is happiness. No, it is not a bad thing for thepoet to meet face to face with duty. Duty has a stern resemblance tothe ideal. The act of doing one's duty is worth the trouble of being tried.No, the jostling with Cato is not to be avoided. No, no, no; truth, honesty,teaching the crowds, human liberty, manly virtue, conscience, are notthings to disdain. Indignation and emotion are but one faculty turnedtowards the two sides of mournful human slavery, and those who arecapable of anger are capable of love. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS, by "Yorick". (I) PUPPETS IN FRANCE. propose, although somewhat unwillingly, to put asidethe most ancient period of the history of France, inwhich records are not wanting of hieratic statuettesof religious " fantoccini " belonging to the mytholo- gy of the aboriginal Gauls, and used in ceremoniesof worship and in the most serious and most impor- tant circumstances of public and private life. Belen, Bsus, Witolf, Teutates, Murcia and ftehelennias, national divi- nities that were feared and deprecated, were at that period quite asmuch subjects for sculptors and artificers initiated in the sacred myster- ies as Jupiter, Mars, Minerva, Mercury, Venus and Proserpine, foreignand hated deities that had penetrated by force of arms into the recessesof druidical forests.The idols of that remote age and of those robust peoples were colossal,terrible and majestic figures, adjusted with simple but powerful mecha- nism that provided for a few solemn gestures, sufficient to infuse asalutary fear in the excitable minds of the faithful.Then, when the Roman eagles had settled themselves in the blood- stained temples, which they had conquered from the four hundred tribes,when the legionaries of Caesar had invaded the nine hundred cities ofthe Gauls and the Belgians, the whole Olympus, Greek and Latin, wasspeedily overthrown in the country, and the images of the new Gods,with all the marvels of Dedalian art, passed in abundance from the handsof the conquerors to those of the conquered; and a confusion thenarose of dogmas and beliefs, of religious practices and superstitions,that lasted during the whole of the fifteenth and part of the sixteenthcenturies, notwithstanding the conversion of the people to the doctrinesof Christianity.And even the priests of the new faith, In France as elsewhere, didnot scruple to call upon buraitini and fantocci in aid of the propaganda ;so that, during the whole of the middle age, the sacred representations,liturgical dramas, Mysteries and Morality plays increased and multiplied at Dieppe, at Rouen, at Lyons and in Paris; first in the churches, thenin open spaces, and finally in the roving little theatres and in the boothserected in markets and at Fairs.&amp; There is this singular feature about all records that have come downto us relating to the first efforts of dramatic art in France that, openlyand without ambiguity, and not by hypothesis, but by precise affermation,they refer to the custom of associating living actors with marionettes inthe great theatres of the Mysteries.&amp; At Dieppe, on the first day of August, for the festival of the Assumption,a company of clergy and laity, " supported by several figures that wereset in motion by means of strings and counterweights " representedevery year on the open space in front of the church of St. James, theMystery of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary, In which four hundred*' personaggi " took part; It was a wonderful spectacle and attracted tothe city of Dieppe a large number of foreigners and strangers.&amp; At Christmas and at Easter, and also on the day of the festival of CorpusDomini, similar dramatic performances were held, with the intervention ofburattini, at Lyons, Paris and Marseilles, and in all the southern cities,when the Mysteries of the Birth and Passion of our Lord, the Creation ofthe World and the Fall of Man, Samson and Delilah, the heroism of Judith,the Prodigal Son, and the Rich Man and the Beggar were represented.This custom was continued in Paris even in the seventeenth century;and the fathers of the religious order of Theatines, who were broughtto the French Capital by Jules Mazarln*, constructed at Ceppo a splendid" Presepio " in front of the door of their Convent, and peopled it withgraceful little wooden figures, movable and articulated, that formed agreat delight in the eyes of the " badauds " and women.In one of the habitual pamphlets that were scattered about at thetime of the Fronde, the great Cardinal Is apostrophized In these terms:..." Adieu, p&amp;re aux marionettes ;Adieu, l'auteur des Theatlns. "And in another, relative to the precedent of the monks and entitled" Lettre au Cardinal burlesque " :..." Et votre troupe theatineNe voyant pas de surety En notre ville et vicomtdA fait Flandre, et dans ses cachettesA serrd les marionettesQu'elle faisait voir ci-devant. "Afterwards when the burattlni abandoned the churches and dispersedamong the towns and villages, the whole of France was run and overrunby Italian " bagattellieri ", who brought with them, together with farcesand " scenarii ", all the •• personaggl " and '* maschere " of the smallerItalian theatres. FROM THE STAGE TO THE COURT. It is an incontestable and undeniable fact that the most ancient artl- culated little figures, that were governed by strings and made to moveon a kind of stage in the representations of the Mysteries and the '* Jeuxbourgeois " in Paris, Amiens, Nevers, Poitiers, Laon, and Coutances, werenothing more than imitations of our old marionettes of Rome and ofLatium, adapted to the taste of the times and the mode of the country.That the Italian type was constantly preserved in French theatres Isclearly established by the name " Francatrippa ", which we find regi- stered, just as it is, in the oldest French book that gives an account ofthe plays of theatrical burattinl, (1584).... 1 mean the " Serees " ofQuillaume Bouchet, lord of Brocourt.&amp;At the time of Henry 111, protagonists of " burlette" in Frenchtheatres were called " Pulcinella, " " Arlecchino, " " Pantalone. " and" Colomblna; " and we,find them all together in possession of the firstpermanent stage that was erected in Paris for marionette plays, by theside of the Porte de Nesle, in the year 1649.&amp; The proprietors and directors of that " jeu de marionnettes " wereGiovanni and Francesco Briocci of Bologna, a name that French exclu- sivism changed into Brioche. Francesco carved, with his own hand, allthe graceful little " figurine; " Giovanni, who improvised with facilityand was fluent of tongue, made them speak in the French idiom, mixedwith terse pithy sayings ip Italian and Latin, and in such a comical way,with such pleasant allusions, and with such quaint expression, that thegood people of Paris became every day more and more enchanted. £/ Hamilton, in the first volume of his works, in a letter addressed tothe Princess Mary,, daughter of James the second of England, gives greatpraise to the Pulcinelia of Brlocci, who was then at the Fair of SaintQermaln en Laye." La le fameux Pollchinelle,Qui du theatre est le hdros,Quoi qu'un peu libre en ses propos,Ne fait point rougir la donzelleQu' il divertlt par ses propos. "Perrault, one of the most brilliant accademicians of his day, confessesto the same taste, in the pages of his celebrated " Peau d'ane. "44 Pour moi j'ose poser en fait,Qu'en de certains moments 1' esprit le plus parfaitPeut aimer, sans rougir, jusq'aux marionnettes. "Brlocci carried about with him an ape, to which he had given thename of 44 Fagottino, " and with which he amused the people in theIntervals between the acts; this mischievous beast gained such celebrityby Its tragic death that it is mentioned in the annals of French literature.That strange being, Cyrano de Bergerac, the author of'44 Cymbalummundi " saw the ape one day dressed as a servant, and strolling, withcomical gravity, round the marionette booth, and observing that it wasmaking grimaces, thought that it was poking fun at his nose 41 qu'ilavait tout defigure, " as Menage relates, 44 et a cause duquel il avait tueplus de dix personnes, " duellist and braggart as he was. Cyrano tookfire and moved towards the ape, whereupon 44 Fagottino," accustomedto play his little game, drew his tiny wooden sword and put himself onguard with all the air of a 44 petit maitre. " Bergerac, blinded with rage,drew his sword also and, rushing at the beast, struck it dead at his feet.This tragi-comical event was celebrated in an anonymous pamphlet,entitled 44 Combat de Cyrano de Bergerac contre le singe de Brioche, "(Paris I655). „£7 Four years afterwards, Giovanni Briocci was summoned to the FrenchCourt, to the Royal castle of Saint Germain en Laye, to amuse with hismarionettes the Dauphin, son of the great Louis xix, and the account ofexpenses of the Royal family in the year I669, page 44, records as follows : 44 A Brioche; joueur de marionettes, pour le sejour qu'll a fait a SaintGermain en Laye, pendant les mols de septembre, octobre et novembre,pour divertir les Enfants de France, 136s llvres. "&amp; After the death of Giovanni, Francesco Brloccl, now trained in the art,took over the management of the burattini, and rose to such fame, thathe gained the honour of persecution on the part of the illustriousBossuet. But the great monarch defended the Italian marionettes; andthe Minister Colbert, In a letter addressed by direct order of his Majestyto the Lieutenant General of police, enjoined all agents of public force torespect and protect Francesco Brioche and his little wooden figures. Theletter is dated 16 October I676, and appears in the second volume of the44 Correspondance administrative sous Louis xiv," published by Depping.This well deserved fortune caused many competitors and rivals ofthe two Brlocci to spring up; and if I had time and space it might notbe amiss to say something about them, but 1 am afraid of extending mystory too much, and therefore cut this part short, with a view to arrivemore quickly at the end.&amp; It is sufficient that no one can take away from them the favour ofthe public, the kindness of the Court, and the attention of the learned;mtheir name is frequently met with, honoured and celebrated, in the44 versi " of Gacon, Lainez and Scarron, in the prose writings of LaBruy&amp;re, in the poem 44 Fasti " of Lemiere, and in the fables of Arnault,one of which, the best, is called 44 Le secret de Polichlnelle. "" Quels succes par les siens ne sont pas effaces ? " says Arnault ofour triumphant Pulclnella.44 Les Roussel passeront, les Janots sont passesLui seul, toujours de mode, a Paris comme a Rome,Peut se prodiguer sans s'user;Lui soul, toujours sur d'amuser,Pour les petits enfants est toujours un grand homme. ',But with regard to the Brioche, there is a more important question,a question of condition and citizenship, that has arisen in the secondedition of the 44 Dictionnaire critique de Biographic et d'Histoire " ofAugusto Jal, (Paris, Plon, I872); a question that I cannot possibly refuseto deal with. &amp; Up till the year I872 no one had ever contested the right of theBrlocci family to be regarded as Italian both by origin and nationality.Krunitz, in his " Enclclopedia," speaking of Giovanni Briocci, qualifieshim as Italian and compatriot of Mazarin, to whom in I649 he addressedthe famous 44 Lettera di Pulclnella," signed 44 Pour vous servir, sil'occasion s'en presente, "44 Je suis PolichinelieQui fait la sentinelleA la porte de Nesle. "£/ Carlo Magnin, Maurice Sand, Nodier, Furetiere, Brossette, D'Arbigny,and all writers, who have dealt 4ex=professo' with marionette affairs, havealways agreed with that constant and most popular tradition. All satires,all contemporaneous publications designate Briocci as Italian. The manifestprotection that Mazarin accorded to him, the names of the 44 personaggi "who took part in the farces of his repertory, all ...even the nicknameof his murdered ape... all bear testimony to his Italian character.Augusto Jal, alone. In the new issue of his Dictionary, comes forwardto sustain that the family of those renowned burattinal was originallyFrench, that its patronimic name was really that of Datelin, that Briochewas nothing more than a nickname... and in substance, that Datelin andBrioche, held up to that time to be two distinct and equally illustriousmanagers of burattini, are in reality one and the same person.That discovery, if examined with a calm mind, rests upon a documentthat is somewhat ambiguous. It is the certificate of birth of a son ofGiovanni Datelin, bearing the date of I9 September I663, in which thegodmother of the child, who was also the grandmother, is described as44 Anna Prevost, wife of Pietro Datelin, called Brlocher. "On that foundation, Jal builds the genealogy of the Datelins inthis way:... 44 Pietro Datelin, called Brioche, born in 1367; married in I6I344 to Anna Prevost, by whom he had seven children, of whom : Francesco,44 called Fanchon, was born in I620; Another Francesco, born in I630;44 Giovanni, born in I632.Pietro Datelin, the ancestor of the family, died in I67I, at the age ofa hundred and five years, as appears from the certificate of death, copiedfrom the registers of the parish of Sant'Andrea in Paris; and was buried in the cemetery of Santo Stefano, as is proved by the official record.Here are the two documents. The first says:... " Friday the 25th. day of" the month of September in the year I67I, died at the Cbasteau Gaillard." near to the Pont Neuf, Pierre Datelin, a player of marionettes; and" the same day his body was taken to the church of Saint Andr£ des" Arcs, in that of Saint Etienne du Mont, where it was burled."The second document reads:... " Was buried in the cemetery of this" parish Pierre Datelin, whose body was brought from Saint Andrl des" Arcs, aged one hundred and five years, in the presence of Francesco" Datelin, and Giovanni Datelin, child of the above, who alone signed :•« Datelin."&amp; Now, according to this last certificate Giovanni is described as theson of Francesco and not of Pietro; and Francesco would appear to havebeen incapable of writing or signing, a thing that it Is difficult to admitwith regard to that " Fanchon," who afterwards acquired so muchrenown, as to be considered worthy of celebration in the verses of Boileau.£? Again, in neither of those two documents, nor In any others relatingto the sons of Pietro Datelin, is any mention made of the surname, ornickname of " Brioche. " He describes himself and signs himself as long%as he lives:... "Datelin, player of instruments," and nothing more.&amp; It became necessary, then, for Jal to find some convenient explanationof his equivocal assertion, in order to make the confusion, of which heaccused his predecessors, appear to be possible. Listen to his curiousreasoning:...." The French Polichinelle, who Is a personage entirely" different from the Italian Pulcinella, appeared on the scene In the" time of Henry iv and of the Spanish war. It is possible, then, that the" frequenters of his little theatre, that was managed by Pietro Datelin," listening to the braggadaccio of Pollchlnelte, parodying the pompous" manners of the Spaniards, may have applied to him the surname** of " Brioso, " that his to say:,., le fort, le vlf, I'adroit. From Brioso," by corruption, there sprang Briocho, and from Briocho, Brioche... and" the surname of the burattino passed undoubtedly to the burattinaio," or showman. "it seems incredible that a serious man, a writer of some authority,should trifle with his readers with such miserable and puerile artifices. It is still more incredible that he should have descended to such childi- shness for the purpose of claiming for France the honour of having givenbirth to a poor 44 bagattelliere. "But where, if you please, has Signor Jal discovered that Polichinellewas ever known on the stage as Brioso ? And what proof does he giveus of that fact, " probable " according to him, but absolutely ignored byeveryone else ? As to the confusion of the Datelins with the Brioches,which Jal imagines, it is contradicted by the agreement of all writers,and by the uniformity of all documentary evidence.We have seen that in the register of expenses of the Royal family for theyear I669, there was an entry of 1365 lire as having been paid to Brioche forthe months of September, October and November at the Castle of S. Germainen Layes. On page forty seven of the same register, and for the same year,we read :... 44 To Francesco Datelin, a player of marionettes, in payment of44 fifty-six days, during which he lived at Saint-Germain en Laye for the44 purpose of amusing Monseigneur le Dauphin, at the rate of 20 lire per44 day, from the 17th. July till the Isth. of August 1669 ; and of fifteen44 lire per day for the last days of the said month,... 320 lire. "Datelin, therefore, was not Brioche. Brioche and Datelin were twoshowmen, the one Italian and the other French, who in the same year,and on two different occasions, succeeded one another on the stage ofthe Royal theatre to divert the son of France. They may have beenassociated in the conduct together of marionette plays with a view torender them richer and more varied as regarded repertory that was tolast for five consecutive months.The fame of Briocci increased so rapidly and became so preponderant,that his name, distorted 44 alia francese " served as an ensign, and as atitle of nobility for his more obscure colleague. Thus is explained theerror of the father baptist, who, on the occasion quoted by Jal, attributedthe surname of Briocher to old Datelin, who, as long as he lived, poor,man, never dreamt of usurping it. 'Jpowards the end of the seventeenth century, when both the Brloccl weredead, and had been succeeded by the Frenchman, Bertrand, marionettesbegan to meddle with politics and to Interfere in matters of religion. Pulcinella, always something of an unbeliever, and having but little fearof God, and none whatever of the Devil... to whom it often falls to himto administer 44 bastonate "... is ready at all times to pour ridicule uponthe hypocrisy of bigots, and the libertinism of reformers, the intolleranceof the one and the jealous passions of the others; so that the revocationof the Edict of Nantes found him plenty to do.£/ In that historical event he personified all shades of opinion, exhibitingcatholics as well as protestants on his stage, and regarding both of themas equally wicked and ridiculous.That was a period of great glory for wooden actors. Gentlemen of ailparties, people of sword and gown, the two orders that were alwayseverything, and the third that was never anything, neophytes and masters,apostates and catechumens, conspirators of all sorts, all met together atthe marionette theatre.Pantalone and Arlecchlno fought in opposite factions, and PulcineHaeffected their reconciliation by means of heavy 44 Iegnate, " or blows.In the end, the Authorities made up their minds that they also hadsomething to say. The 44 procuratore generaie " to the parliaments ofParis, Achille de Ilarlay, addressed a letter to the Lieutenant of Police,M.de la Reynie, dated 7th. February, 1686, of which this a copy:...44 To Monsieur de la Reynie, counsellor of the King in Council. It Is said44 this morning at the Palace that the marionettes at the Fair of Saint44 Germain are representing the destruction of the Huguenots, and as44 you will probably find this a serious matter for the marionettes, I have44 deemed it right to give you information thereof, so that you may make44 use of it according to your discretion. "The discretion of M.de la Reynie led him to impose silence upon themarionettes, but their fighting spirit soon forced them into a long andbitter struggle with the actors of the 44 Theatre francais " and the4' Comedie itallenne ", a struggle of which we shall see the strangevicissitudes in another paragraph.But amid so much difficulty and hostility, the burattini of Francewent triumphantly on their way, the passion for their displays becamegreater every day, aod the permanent marionette theatres In Pnris con- tinued to increase in number. The brothers Feron opened one at the sign of the «• Glgllo •' with aPlay Pallacorda "by a certain Cercllly, and Francesco Bod.niere openedanother, not far off, called •&lt; II Qallo Then came Benolt with his ma- rlonettes of wax: La Grillo with a piece, named " BamboccI », also lm- ported from Italy, and established at Marais, as Beauchamp tells us....and endless others, of which It would be useless to attempt to give thenames, even of those that were least celebrated. THE TWO FAIRS. |t was the year .697: and Italian comedians, established on the stageof the Hotel de Boulogne under the direction of Evaristo Qherardihad almost entirely abandoned the repertory of the -Con,media dell'Arte"and now conducted in the French language all the productions thatwere written expressly for them on subjects of purely local interest■CP Long habit, the favour they had always enjoyed, the liberty, sometimesabused, that was accorded to them as people speaking a foreign languageand improvising their dialogue, all these things, singly and togethe'r,.ad accustomed our compatriots to such petulancy of criticism, suchlicence in expression, and such arrogance of manner, that sooner or laterley were sure to bring down a storm upon the head of the unfortunatechier actor.Not content with ridiculing the people of Paris, the manners ofcourtesans and the pride of the soldiers, that mad brain of Angelo Co- stantln., who acted the part of •• Mezgetin ", had the audacity to carica- ture the Royal favourite, and Madame de Maintenon saw herself exposedto the laughter and the hisses the public In a comedy, tha, was caUedLa Fatisse prudeThat was quite sufficient to cause the glass, already full, to overflowOn the Monday, May the fourth .697, Master Argenson. Lieutenant'Oeneral of police, assisted by a crowd of Commissaries and subalternsrepaired at eleven o'clock In the morning to the theatre of the Hotel deourgogne, and in virtue of a letter of marque of his Majesty, declaredthe series of representations to be closed, and then proceeded to affixseals to the doors for the public and also to those of the actors withprohibition to the latter against presenting themselves on the 'sta-e 44 His Majesty not finding it convenient to avail himself any longer oftheir services. "Bertrand, who was conducting a marionette theatre at San Lorenzoat the time, immediately declared that he considered himself to be thelegitimate heir of the Italian comedians, and asked to be put in posses*sion of the abondoned 44 scena "; his request was granted, whereuponhe boldly installed himself in the place of the dismissed Qherardi, onthat stage which had once been the scene of so many of the triumphsof Corneille and of Racine.This state of things, however, only lasted for a short time, for anorder of the King enjoined the marionettes to quit the Hotel de Bourgogne,and to go and occupy a small theatre, opposite to tiie "Rue du Paradis",where we find them in 1701, representing the first dramatic work ofFuzeller, a spectacular comedy in' three acts, entitled " Tesso o la scon- fitta deile Amazzoni ".j0 Thus, in the eighteenth century, began a new life for the marionettes ;a life of continual struggle, of vigorous assault and of desperate defence,of furious attack and of strategic retreat; a life of iucessant dispute, inwhich, for fifty years, victory continued to be faithful to the flag of ourwooden Pulcinella, who bore as his emblem the ambitious motto ofLesage:. " J'en valons bien d'autres. "&amp; On the one side were encamped the burattini, captained by theirdirectors: Bertrand, Tiquet, Gillot, Allard, Maurice, De Selles, Michu,Octave, and a hundred others, strongly entrenched at the two Fairs ofSaint-Laurent and Saint-Germain, strong in numbers and in generalfavour, always ready to give battle and to resist aggression. On theother were ranged the singers of the Opera, the associates of the Theatrefrancais, and the reblessed actors of the 44 Commedia Italiana " armedwith their letters patent and their privileges, jealous of their officialposition, and interested in defending the territory of serious art againstall audacious invasions of 44 those wooden filibusters. "The three greater theatres alone had the right to represent musicalOpera, tragedies and *4 commedie nobili. " To the booths at Fairs permis- sion was granted to put on the scene a certain number of farces fflttwo " personaggi " speaking something like the old 44 diverbia, " with this additional stipulation that Pulclnella was always to speak " par lesiffiet de la pratique, " that is to say with the ** pivetta, " which givesto the voice of a burattino that metallic and shrieking intonation thatis known everywhere.The law, however, was continually being broken. Marionettes invadedthe camp of the privileged theatres and plundered its vast and extensiverepertory; preparations for battle were made on the one side, followedby further aggression on the other, until, at last, parliament was calledupon to settle matters, but after every decision the incorrigible burattinibroke out again in some other way, more sinful than the last, and thequarrel was renewed with increased pertinacity.A whole volume would not suffice for the chronicles of all theIngenious stratagems that were devised by the clever burattini in theirefforts to conquer the well furnished fortress of the 44 com met! fa nobile "and of " meiodramma in musica. "&amp; One day Fuzelier would put dumb " personaggl " upon the stage,making them act by mimic art; the next day Bertrand would revive thecustom of 44 intermezzi" with violin accompaniment; then Carolet beganto put forward figures furnished with cards on which were written theproposition and the answer•, on another occasion, Blenfait would mix44 fantocci " with living childrem; until in 1720 a friendly settlementwas made between the belligerent parties, whereby marionettes werelicensed to sing, dance and recite 44 six or seven at a time. "Then It was that the famous showman, Francisque, engaged as poetsof his company of mechanical actors, the three distinguished writers,Fuzelier, Lesage and Carneval, who began their work with a 44colpo damaestro " by inventing in a moment the 44Opera comique, " a new kindof spectacle, that soon became a formidable competitor of the privilegedmeiodramma.The first attempt of 44 Opera comique " called 44 L'ombre du cocherpoete " was introduced in a small theatre at the Fair of Saint=GermainIn February 1722, and was received with such manifest enthusiasm, thatthe directors of the Opera were consumed with jealousy, and tlie battleraged again more furiously than ever.In the meantime art had gained a new form of scenic action, and Opera comique, Invented for marionettes, was never again to perish.A year later, Piron, the illustrious Plron, the scourge of the academicians,wrote for the marionettes of the Fair of San Lorenzo an 44 opera buft'a &gt;'in three acts: " Le mariage de Mom us ou la Glgantomachie, " and im- mediately afterwards 44 L'Antre de Trophonius," the plot of which has alsobeen very happily adopted by our Glovan Battista Fagiuoli. La Placeprovided 44 Pierrot Romulus, " a witty parody of the 44 Romulus " of LaMotte; Dolet followed with 44 La Course galante ou I'Ouvrage d'uneminute, " a parody of the 44 Galant coureur ou I'Ouvrage d'un moment "of Legrand; Carolet wrote 44 L'entStement des spectacles, " and Plron,with his 44 Columbine-Nitetis, produced a caricature of the tragedy of44 Nitetis " by the famous Danchet.* The a«e of Sold for burattini had arrived. Favart began with themhis future glorious dramatic career, and composed 44 Poiichinelie comtede Paonffer," a parody of the 44 Glorieux " of Destouches ; Valois d'Orvlllegave 44 La Piece ntanquee " and "I'lmpromtu de Poiichinelie;" andin I74J- with his 44 Poiichinelie distributeur d'esprit," he charged mario- nettes with the criticism of all the theatrical 44 opere " that wererepresented in the course of the year, and thus inaugurated the 44 Revuesde fin d'annee, » which is still continued in France and is always ap- preciated.In 1743 the burattini had the audacity to ridicule Voltaire and tomake people laugh behind their backs at the mighty scoffer, with aparody of his 44 Merope " and 44 Oreste." Master Francois was furious andpoured out his anger upon the heads of the irreverent little 44 figurine "but the wrath of the poet only increased the success of his critics, andthe great 44 Arouet " was forced to be quiet and to leave them aio'ne.The glory of the burattini at the two Fairs lasted until the year ,79o,when the Fairs, themselves, were definitely suppressed. (1) P. Ferrigni. SOME ARCHITECTURAL DESIGNS OF PADREPOZZO (16491709) FOR THE THEATRE OFTHE SEVENTEENTH CENTURY, with an Introductory Note by John Semar. PADRE POZZO AND HIS BOOK. n looking over the works published by the earlyarchitects it is interesting to observe how seriousis the attention which almost all bestow uponthe Theatre.Very learnedly and thoroughly do they describeand depict with pen and pencil the great worksof antiquity, the Greek and Roman temples andamphitheatres, the characteristics of Ionic and Doric style, and very earnestly do they lend themselves to the constructionof modern churches and halls: but in the books of most of them, soonerror later, we come upon a section devoted wholly to the construction oftheatres, and, not only to the construction of the fabric, but also to theInvention and arrangement of the scenery and lights, for architects inthose days were permitted to realise that the place, its form and itsconstruction is dependent upon what is to abide in that place.Vitruvius in the first century left very thorough instructions relativeto the theatre of his day; and later we find Sebastiano Serlio, (i), NlccoloSabbattini, the Bibiena Brothers and Padre Pozzo in Italy, and smallermen like Joseph Furtenbach (2) in Germany, giving their best energiesto this branch of building.«i£? Throughout these works however one cannot but note how, unfortun- ately, as the centuries went by, the dignity of the scenery declined, howthe marbie and stone of early days gave place to wood and canvas, andthen also how the solidly set up " case " or houses to be seen In thedesigns of Peruzzi, Sabbattini and Serlio gave place gradually to thepainted '* quinte " or, " wings " as Padre Pozzo uses them and as theyare still In use in the theatres of today. This Padre Pozzo, a Jesuit father who lived from 1649 to 1709,seems the first, according to Ferrari, (1) to show us these 'quinte andthe method of designing them, and some reproductions of his plans arehere shown, taken from the English Edition of his book, " Prospettivadel Pittori e Architetti," of which the first part in Italian was issuedin 1692 and the second in 1700, and which contains 105 large platesand many engraved initial letters.y?&gt; This work was issued not only in Eatin and Italian but also in Frencn,and, as we have said, in English, an "Approbation " being printed at theoutset signed by " Chr Wren, J. Vanbrugh and N. Hawksmoor " to theeffect that "At the Request of We have perus'd this Volume" of Perspective, and judge it a work that deserves encouragement, and" very proper for Instruction in that artPadre Pozzo, who seems to have been a man of tireless industry aswell as of a high order of intelligence, was much in request for the de- coration of churches, and also, like Giuseppe Bibiena, took into thechurches something of the theatre, constructing the elaborate scenesrequired for the 'Presepio', the Holy Week functions, and the ExpositionIof the Host. No one finds that he did any good to the churches or theirarchitecture, and we of the Theatre realise that his elaborations in scenicart all tended in a wrong direction. Yet the thoroughness with which heset to work has an interest for us. His inventions were bad, but it is ofinterest to know when and by what means we became possessed of theseabsurdities which have so long hindered the development of Drama.&amp; These scenes, very popular In the seventeenth century, were oftenmagnificient in size and decoration, having regular wings, back clothsand stage, at the ribalta of which stood the high altar of the church.They were called " teatri " or theatres, and some survival of them mayeven yet be traced in the " sepulchres " which are arranged, often withlife-size figures, in the Italian churches during Holy Week.But it is when we come to his work for the secular theatre that wefind Padre Pozzo most interesting, and it is In his plans and designsthat we trace for the first time many of the features which have, alas,become habitual in the theatres of today. on,y *s ',e the first to show us the " quinte " or wings of thestage, but also the first to adopt a different method of moving them,rolling them up instead of drawing them back, and thus leaving theground space less encumbered. His plan of a theatre also shows theauditorium divided into boxes.x? These plans of Pozzo's, as of most of the early Italians, are worththe most careful study of the worker in the modern theatre.&amp; True, some of the things produced at the time of Pozzo and theBiblenas were terribly ornate, were already a decline from the finerwork of Peruzzi and Seriio and Palladio; but then so is much of thework produced today terribly ornate, and the work of these earlymen had at least, behind its ornateness, a very strong foundation ofreal knowledge. OF SCENES FOR THE STAGE, by Padre Pozzo. A Reprint from"Rules and Examples of Perspective" London,. cenes for the Stage have very much Affinity withthose lately described, but the Point of Sight isnot so easily found in these; and from the Obli°quity of the Grooves in which the Scenes run, itcomes to pass, that the right Lines which oughtto appear parallel to the Line of the Plan, mustnot be drawn parallel there to, but oblique ; whichis a Work of some Difficulty. This indeed may be avoided by fixing the Grooves parallel to the Poscene ; as is usual insome Places, especially in Germany. Nevertheless, the Italian mannerhas this advantage; that those who are employed to prompt the Actors,and shift the Scenes, etc, are less exposed to Sight, in the Performanceof their Business.&amp; In this figure (Fig. LXXI1) I have given you an abridgement of thosethings, which shall hereafter be more enlarged on.The Numbers i, 2, 3, 4, denote the Area of a Hall an hundred andtwenty Roman palms in length, and sixty in breadth; as is manifest fromthe scale of thirty palms marked S. &amp; Half this space is take up by the Stage, the other half by the Spectators.&amp; Q is the point in which the visual lines concenter. D is the place ofthose things that are to appear most remote. B C is the place of thePoscene. E E are the oblique Grooves, whose lengths are double thebreadth of the scenes, F G is the front of the Stage. A O is its depth orlength. E is the place for the Musick. K is the room for Spectators.I is the plan of the Galleries. L the Stairs to the same. N is the Elevationof the Galleries, M shows the declivity of the Floor, with the sectionand elevation of the Stage and Scenes viewed on the side ; answeringtheir respective Grooves, as the occult lines demonstrate. O O is a I:neperpendicular to that of the Horizon. P and Q are the elevation of theScenes viewed in front, turning inwards, in breadth agreeing with thelength of the Grooves of the plan B; and in height answering that ofthe sections of the elevation M; as is evident from the occult lines.In this profile M, part of the height belongs to the Scenes, and partto their Soffltes, or ceilings, R; where each pair of these Frames areJoined. V V are the lines by which is espied what vacancy there is eitherbetween the Scenes and their Ceiiings, between the Scenes themselves,or between their respective Ceilings; though in some Scenes the Placeof these last is supplied by painting therein the Air with Clouds, etc. ANOTHER PLAN OF A THEATRE, WITH THE METHOD OFFINDING THE POINT OF SIGHT THEREIN. (Fig. LXXIII). Jf it be required to paint the Scenes of some Theatre already built,the geometrical plan must first be carefully drawn, (as you see, forexample, in this plate) that the length of the Theatre may be found; orthe distance of its point from that of A; which is easily done, by takingthe Interval B C of the first grooves, and D E of the latter; and drawingthe visuals M O, N O; for A O is the length of the Theatre, and thepoint of sight or perspective therein, is O. Moveover the length andbreadth of the grooves must be known, as also their numbers, distanceand obliquity; and especial care must be taken, that though they heoblique to the line M N, that on each side they be parallels betweenthemselves, and that they all touch the lines M O, N O. If you then makeA O equal to FA, the point of distance will be F; and If the Theatre be painted according to the Rules hereafter given, it will appear to himthat views it from P, as a regular piece of perspective placed in A. THE SECTION OR PROFILE OF SCENES FOR THEATRES. presides the plan of the Theatre, the section of the scenes is also to bedelineated, for finding the point of the Theatre in the eievation.Wherefore, setting the measures of the heights which the point A, wherethe floor of the stage begins, and the point D of the poscene, have above thelevel of the horizontal PP; from the perpendicular N V draw the rightline ADO, wich gives the declivity of the stage; then make N O parallelto P. V. and equal to A O of the Seventy third figure. (See Fig. LXX1V).&amp; The point of the Theatre in elevation is O; the point of the sameon the poscene is O. If E B be the greatest height of the first scene, theline O E determines the height of all the others. The longest of the twolines gives the true height of each scene; and the shorter discovers howmuch of that height the sight loses on the out-line, by the obliqueposition of the scenes.£? Moreover, the excess of the longer line above the shorter, as well at topas at bottom, is to be well observed ; for on this depends the right under- standing of the seventy fifth figure. The point M, which is as far distantfrom N, as that of F is from A in the seventy thirdv figure, denotes theplace from whence the stage ought to be viewed ; as is there mentioned.&amp; In laying the floor of the Stage, this rule is commonly observed,that the height of the point O be made equal to the height of ;the eye,and that the rise of the floor from A to D, be about a ninth or tenthpart of the length A D. 'Tis also requisite, for the better shifting thescenes, that the pavement P be sunk lower than that of G, that a manmay walk upright under the floor thereof. THE ELEVATION OF SCENES IN FRONT, AND HOW THEOBLIQUE SCENES ARE MADE TO DIRECT. (Fig. LXXV). rjphe scenes in S have their breadth from the plan of the seventy-thirdfigure, and their height from the elevation of the seventy-fourth fi- gure and are supposed to stand perpendicularly in their grooves j ailwhich is also represented in P and Q of the seventy-second figure. 1 would have you observe how much the floor rises, from Its edge A,to the poscene D, and to the point of the Theatre O.You should also note the elevation of each scene, which, by reasonof the obliquity of the grooves, turn inward : wherefore the lines B, L, K, I,of the part C, do not seem parallels to the ground=Hne, as they reallyare; and the visual L F tends not to the point of sight O, but to thepoint F.43 But if the seeming excess, which the line B K has at top and bottomabove the line L I, be transferred on the side of the scenes E, (whichexcess may also be taken from the seventy-fourth figure) and you drawthe lines L G, I ii; these lines will appear parallels to the line of theplan. Then drawing the line L O, so as to make the angle G L O equalto the angle B L F, the said L O shall tend directly to the point ofsight O; and serve for a visual line. 'In P, I suppose the scenes M and N to lie one upon another on thefloor, and-the two lines R T to have the same distance as the lines LI;and so of the others. Where you are to take notice, that the lines R S, T V,are the same with the lines L G, I H, of the scenes E: and that thelines RS,T Y, are not parallels; although L G, I H seem to be so.Therefore, if you draw the line R L, so that the angles S R L, and GLO,be equal; the line R L shall serve as a visual, and L shall be the acci- dental point of sight, for painting the scenes of the side N ; and thelines R S, T V, shall be used as parallels.What remain on the Frame beyond those lines, Is to be reckoned asnothing; but you may paint there Air, or what you please. The acci- dental point of sight for painting the scenes of the side M, is I. (1) See Tbe Mask, Marcb 1903.(2) See Tbe Mask, April 1912. (1) La Scenografia. THE BETRAYED. A Scenario of theCommedia dell' Arte. CHARACTERS.Tartaglia, father ofIsabellaCoviello, servantCintio, gentleman to TartagliaPolicinella, father of Angela, who is not seenPlmpinella, servantCaptain.CITY... NAPLES. PROPERTIES. Qaolor's costume. A Beard. £? Sticks. Purse. Sword..ACT /.Tartaglia and Policinella.Discuss the pact to be made, Tartaglia giving his daughter toPolicinella, and Policinella giving his daughter to Tartaglia; alter lazziPolicinella goes off, Tartaglia knocks at his own house.*Coviello and Tartaglia.Coviello, complaining of Cintio, asks Tartaglia to send him away fromthe house; Tartaglia says that he will remedy everything and then ordersCoviello to go and fetch the money at the bank, because he has arrangeda marriage, and then to call the Barber, the shoemaker, the tailor;Coviello counts them over on his fingers with the usuai lazzo and Coviellogoes off. Tartaglia knocks at the house. Cintio and Tartaglia.Tartaglia tells him that he has arranged the marriage with the daughterof Policinella. Cintio rejoices over it; in this.CovIelJo and the aforesaid.Wrangling from within; act the scene of the Parrot, Tartaglia in1 'despair, Coviello wrangles with Cintio, who tells Tartaglia the bad turnsCoviello has done the household; Coviello puts forward his excuses;Tartaglia tells Cintio that he should teach Coviello some good manners,and goes away. Cintio teaches good manners to Coviello, aod goes away.Coviello remains; in this.Tartaglia and Coviello.Coviello does the same to Tartaglia as Cintio has done to him, andgoes off. Tartaglia, in despair, knocks at the house.Tartaglia and Cintio.He tells Cintio how he has arranged a marriage for his daughter,Cintio on his side laments, and faints. Tartaglia's cries. Afterwards Cintiocomes to himself, and Tartaglia tells him that he must carry the newsto his daughter, and Tartaglia goes off. Cintio, his desperation, andknocks (at Isabella's)Isabella and Cintio.He tells her all, Isabella pretends to rejoice, Cintio grows agitated;then Isabella assures him of her love, and with expressions of reciprocalaffection they go off.Policinella, (alone)&amp; Wants to give his daughter the news that he has arranged a marriagefor her, and knocks.Pimpinella and aforesaid.&amp; After lazzi they go in. Captain alone.£? Dreams of the love of Angela, and knocks.Pimpinella and the aforesaid.They act lazzi', then the Captain says he wanted to speak with An- gela, Pimpinella says that Angela Is ill, and they act the scene of thepurse ; in thisCoviello and the aforesaid.He acts the spy and takes the purse without their knowing, andwithdraws ; these two having acted their scene Pimpinella screams to theCaptain who is going in; the Captain is desperate; then sees Coviello,seizes him and tells him of the purse. Coviello tells him that he will getit back for him because he knows that Cintio has taken it; Captain goesoff; Covlelio knocks forPimpinella and Coviello.They act the scene of the sword, and end the first act.ACT II.Pimpinella and Coviello.&amp; They act the scene of the Judge, and after lazzi Pimpinella goes off,Coviello remains; in thisCoviello and Policinella.He tells Policinella that Cintio has said that he has false teetli, (i)Policinella says that he wants to kill him, and Policinella goes off ; Co- viello remains ; in thisCoviello and Captain.The Captain returns to his demand for the purse, and Coviello returnsto his assertion that Cintio has taken it; the Captain asks him his name;he replies : I am called scopa, (2) The Captain asks about the household, and of Cintio's position; Coviello gives him an account of it, theCaptain knocks.Tartaglia and the aforesaid.Tartaglia having understood the whole position, the scene of thetestimony is acted, Coviello goes away, and returns several times witha beard; then Tartaglia calls Clntlo.Cintio and aforesaid.jg? They treat Cintio as a rogue ; Cintio declares his innocence; Coviellosecretly puts the purse on Cintio; Tartaglia searches Coviello; and thensearches Cintio and finds the purse, and gives it to the Captain, and allscold Cintio, and Tartaglia uses the house as a prison for Cintio; theCaptain goes off, and then Tartaglia; Cintio and Coviello remain, in this:Pimpinella, Cintio and Coviello.0 Pimpinella treats Cintio as a rogue, and scolds him ; in this.j0 Policinella and the aforesaid.0 They act the scene of the beating with sticks, and end the second actACT 111.Policinella and Coviello.&amp; Coviello plots with Policinella, and dresses him as a gaolor, and theyknock (at Cintio's.) ,Cintio and the aforesaid.0 Policinella tells Cintio that he is the gaolor of the prisons wher«Tartaglia is imprisoned for making an uproar, and that having lost tbekey of the counting house he sends to say that it Is to be broken openand the money brought to him. Cintio goes In to do this, PolicineUafter lazzi with Coviello goes away; Coviello remains; in thisCoviello and Tartaglia.&amp; He tells Tartaglia how Cintio is breaking open the counting hoiisebecause he wants to escape (and meantime the noise of the breakingopen is heard from within); Tartaglia's lazzi; in this Cintio and the aforesaid.Tartaglia seizes him, and they find the money on him; Cintio wantsto speak, Coviello stops his mouth. Tartaglia tells Covielio to take it (themoney) from him; Coviello takes it from him, and Tartaglia goes off,and Coviello; Cintio acts a scene of despair. In thisIsabella and Cintio.JZZ Scene of Love, and Cintio relates to her what has happened; in this.Coviello and the aforesaid.They act the scene of the Pilgrim, then Coviello makes them marryand all go into the house. .Captain and Policinella.£? He seeks Angela to wife; Policinella says he has married her toTartaglia; the Captain says he has enjoyed her; Policinella infuriatedknocks.Pimpinella and the aforesaid.&amp; Pimpinella, having been with the Captain, accepts everything, (i)Policinella goes away to find Tartaglia; in thisCoviello, Captain aud Pimpinella.Coviello having understood everything from them makes the Captainand Pimpinella go into Tartaglla's house, teliing them that he will settleeverything, and he also goes in.Tartaglia, Policinella,and then All.Discussing what has happened with the Captain; then Tartagliaknocks at his house, the others with the lazzo of la la sa perform themarriages, that is; Cintio with Isabella, the Captain with Angela, andCoviello with Pimpinella, and end. (1) Literally 1 i teeth of wax(2) 'scopa' is a birch-tree or brcora, but also a cudgelling or a whipping. tta tutto " evidently means " accepts the blame for everything THE PIN AND ITS PEDIGPEE. J. S. I* /s our intention to give from time to time some notes uponthe origin and history of various properties in use in the Theatre,and selecting as the first of such subjects the smallest of all that which, by stars and supers alike, is perhaps handled mostfrequently and heeded least, we reprint from a seldom referred tobook the following interesting facts about the Pin. IN. (W. pin, a pin, a pen ; Gael, pinne, a pin,plug, pen ; Du: pinne, a point, prick, peg ; Latin,pinna, a fin, a turret, a pinnacle.)The form of the element p;n in signifying apointed object is also seen in Latin spina, a thorn,and in pinus, a fir-tree, tree with sharp-pointedleaves; in G. called nadeln, needles. (Wedgewood'sDictionary). Literally, a feather, a sharp-pointed instrument, especially for fastening articles together ; anything that holdsparts together; a peg used in musical instruments for fastening thestrings; anything of little value. (W. Gael., and Ger. pinne, L. pinnaor penna, a feather.) Donald : Chamber's Etymological English DictionaryBaily gives it from espingle, Fr., or , Latin, a thorn, a deriva- tion far more consistent with the early history of this " small brassutensil " ; thorns apparently having early been in use in all countries asa ready and cheap substitute for an article which, although of littleworth now, was then intrinsically valuable.Naturally pins fastening outer garments were made mediums of dis- play. " Some magnificent specimens of Saxon pins are engraved in theArcheological Album ; and one in the possession of Lord AlbertConyngham, found in a parrow at Wingham, Kent, has the strm of brass,the hoad of gold ornamented with red and blue stones and filagree work.&amp; A magnificent pin of the 14th century is exhibited as fastening thepall on the effigy of John Stratford, Archbishop of Canterbury (died 1348)in the cloisters of Canterbury Cathedral. " (Fairholt).Metal pins, frequently of elaborate manufacture and of valuable metal,have been found in Egyptian tombs, and may have been used either for the hair or breast. Pins of more ordinary materials were much used,and specimens of Roman bone pins are commonly found in the course ofexcavations in London, and are as frequent in British barrows.Planche says that " pins for general purposes were used as early asthe reign of Edward I, p " but admits immediately after that they were" expensive in the 13th and 14th centuries, and were consequently givenas presents by lovers to their mistresses; " so that it is not likely thatthe purposes for which they were employed could have been very general.Indeed, from the tact that all pins made in this country at that periodmust have been very tediously and carefully elaborated of bone, or ivory,or or if imported must have been proportionately dear, it is patentthat pins of any sort must then have been very scarce and highly prized.&amp; The term pin-money dates back to this period Dr Brewer says, " Longafter the invention of pins, in the 14th century, the maker was allowedto sell them in open shop only the 1st and 2nd of January. It was thenthat the Court ladies and City dames flocked to the depots to buy them,having first been provided with money by their husbands. When pinsbecame cheap and common, the ladies spent their allowances on otherfancies; but the term pin-money remained in vogue." (Dictionary ofPhrase and Fable).£? A similar practise was carried out in France. According to Chambers," One of the articles of the ancient pin-makers of Paris was, that nomaster should open more than one shop for the safe of his wares, excepton New Year's Day and the eve thereof; this we mention in an ageof luxury and profusion, to recollect the agreeable simplicity of ourforefathers, who contented themselves with giving pins for New Year'sgifts." It appears also from this author that pin-money formed at onetime a constituent part of bargains; for he continues, "hence thecustom of still giving the name pins, or pin-money, to certain presentswhich accompany the most considerable bargains, in which it is usualto give something towards the wife or children of the person with whomthe bargain is struck. " (Cyclopaedia, 1741.)Judging from the readiness with which nearly every fact connectedwith the early Import of pins is disputed, the little article is one excitingconsiderable interest. one account gives the credit of the first Introduction of pins of brasswire to Anne of Austria, queen of Richard II; but in the previous reign,In 1847 (Liber Guarderohe,12=16 Edward ,O.) we have acharge for twelve thousand pins for the outfit of Joanna, daughter ofEdward III, betrothed to Peter the Cruel; a quantity hardly consistentwith any other kind of pins than those of common metal.Again, it Is often affirmed that Catherine Howard first imported pinsfrom France in 1540, on which point Dr Brewer says, " It is quite anerror to suppose that pins were invented in the reign of Francois I.,and introduced Into England by Catherine Howard,- the fifth wife ofHenry VIII in 1400 (more than a century before Francois ascendedthe throne) the Duchess of Orleans purchased of Jehan le Breconner,espinglier of Paris, several thousand long and short pins, besides fivehundred de la facon d'Angleterre... So that pins were not onlyinanufactured In England, but were of high repute even in the reignof Henry IV. "But these five hundred pins may have been of better materials thanbrass. The disputed point is best settled by a reference to the StatuteBook, where, In 1483, on the representations of certain workmen inte- rested, pins, with a number of other small wares, are, by an Act ofthat date, forbidden to be imported ready wrought, a prohibition re- enforced by Elizabeth in 1564.£&gt; This disposes of another disputed question... that as to the manufactureof metal pins in this country, for among the artificers on whose appealthe restriction was Imposed are " pinners " and " wiremongers ". Yet ina book published so long ago as 1686, entitled, " A Pleasant and Com-  pendious History of the First Inventors and Distributors of the MostFamous Arts ", it is said that, " About the same time, " (referring tothe 5th year of Elizabeth) " the making of pins was found out by theEnglish, which before were brought by strangers to the value of L. 60,000.0.0a year. " But how little trustworthy is this ancient chronicle we mayfind on comparing this sum with that of L. 3,297.0.0., given in the'* Calendar of State Papers " (Domestic Series), as paid annually for pinsimported in the time of Elizabeth.The statement, so frequently made, that the manufacture of pins commenced here in 1540 is apparently based upon a passage in Andersonwhere it is said, " Prom the under-named statute oi the 34th and 35thof King Henry VIII., cap. VI., it seems natural to conclude that pins(such as we now know by that name, and chiefly used by the ladies)must have been but of very recent invention. The Act says, 'That no%person shall put to sale any pinnes, but only such as shall be double- headed, and have the heads soldered fast to the shaftk of the pinnewell-smoothed, the shank well shaven, the point well .and round filed,canted, and sharpened. (1)j0 Now the labour and time of making pins after this manner, as it musthave rendered them much more expensive, shows the novelty of the in- vention, which probably was but lately brought from France.And the inconvenience of the make of those pins naturally set ourpeople upon improving so tedious and clumsy a manufacture; for inabout three years time they adopted the present ingenious and expe- ditious manner of making then, viz. by 37th of this king, cap. XIII,repealing the above statute.Before the invention of these brass pins there were many pretty andingenious contrivances for the convenience of the dress and ornament ofboth sexes; such as ribbons, loopholes, laces with points and tags, clasps,hooks and eyes, and skewers made of brass, silver, and gold. From thelast, viz., skewers, it is very probable that pins naturally proceeded,being no other than smaller and more convenient and delicate skewers.(History of Commerce).The manufacture, stimulated by competition, rapidly progressed, andhad its seat at Bristol.The historian of that city says that in 1581 it had " a chief manufacturyof points or pins, and it was a principal mystery exercised in that town.'?(Barrett's Bristol),We learn their value at this period from the inventory attachedto the will of Thomas Pasmore, of Richmond, dated 1577, where arefound" XIIIJ thousand of small pynnes, vjs.A thousand great pynnes, ijs vjd. " And In that of Robert Lambe, of Newcastle, 44 Marchaunte," somayears later, we have,44 ij grosse and a half of pynnes, 17s. 6d.A grosse and a half of pynnes, 12s, "&amp; Again, in the stock of Jamss Backhouse, of Kirbye-in-Lonsdaile, 1578,44 xvj thousand of pynnes, xijs vjd.iiij pawper of rowd headed pinns, xiijd, "&amp; And later, in the 44 Household Books of Lord William Howard ",44 1018. 1500 long pins, 4d, nd.1622. 1000 of pins, 23d.To Nic. Hall for 1000 of pins, 9d. "&amp; The Invention of making solid-headed wire pins is usually attributedto Mr. L. W. Wright, an American, who in 1818, in his own country, andin 1824 here, worked a patent taken out for such pins; but it is statedthat the method was anticipated and patented by one Seth Bunt In 1817.It Is certain, however, that Wright's machine was the one first successfullyworked, although it failed in the hands of the patentee, and was notfairly utilized for some years subsequently.Since then successive improvements have been made in the mode ofmanufacture, and the processes have been thus so greatly simplified thatthe progression of pins through many stages, and as many hands, whichwas often made to point a moral, has been totally altered, as pins arenow, by delicate and ingenious automatic machinery, put through thewhole of the processes without a break.The wire goes In at one part of a macnine, and the pins, headed,pointed, and polished, are turned out at another, while another machinesorts them Into the several sizes, and arranges them in papers.The following are some quotations found in English literature relativeto pins.44 I'll make them eat iron like an ostrldge,And swallow my sword like a great pin,E'er thou and I part." Shakespeare.44 Tut, a pin, this shall be answered. "lb.44 But Alexander writeth that they left their rafters or great pieces of timber pinned together, whereupon they had passed over the streamof the main river. " North. " Plutarch's Lives. " I579»44 His garment, nought but many ragged clouts,With thorns together pinn'd and patched was,The wich his naked sides he wrapt about. "Spencer: Fairie Queene. 1590.44 Soon after comes the cruel Saracen,In woven mail all armed warily,And sternly looks at him, who not a pinDoth care for look of living creature's eye. "lb.: Id.44 'Tis foolish to appeal to witness for proof, when tis nfot a pin matterwhether the fact be true or false. L' Estrange..£7 44 About that time Englishmen began to make all sorts of pinnes, and atthis day they excel all nations." Stow. 44 King James " (conclusion).44 Whatever spirit, careless of his charge,His post neglects, or leaves the fair at large,Shall feel sharp vengeance soon o'ertake his sins,Be stopt in vials, or transfixt with pins."Pope. 44 Rape of the Lock. "44 In a translated suit then tries the town,With borrowed pins and patches not her own."Ib:A rough contry squire, being not a little shocked at the proceedingof a young widow that would not recede from her demands of pin=money,was so enraged at her mercenary temper that he told her In great wrath,as much as she thought him her slave, he would show all the world hedid not care a pin for her, upon which he flew out of the room andnever saw her more. " 44 Spectator. " No. 395. I) This Act also decreed that the price of pins should not exceed six shillings and eightpence per thousand. BARTHOLOMEW FAIR, 1721. HPhis fair was granted by Henry the 1st, to one Rahere, a witty andpleasant gentleman of his Court, In aid and for the support of anHospital, Priory, and Church, dedicated to St Bartholomew, which hebuilt in repentance of his former profligacy and folly.The succeeding Priors claimed, by certain Charters, to have a fairevery year, during three days. vizi, on the Eve, the day, and on theMorrow of St Bartholomew. At this period the Clothiers of England, andDrapers of London, kept their Booths and Standings there, and a Courtof Piepouder was held dally for the Settlement of all Debts and Contracts.About the year 1721 when the present interesting View of this popularFair was taken the Drama was considered of some importance and a seriesof minor... although regular pieces were acted in its various Booths. AtLee and Harpers the Siege of Bethulia is performing, in which is intro»duced the Tragedy of Holifernes. Persons of Rank were also itsoccasional visitors, and the figure on the right is supposed to bethat of Sir Robert Walpole then Prime Minister: Fawkesthe famous conjuror, forms a conspicuous feature, andIs the only portrait of him known to exist.The remaining amusements are not unlikethose of our day, except in the articles ofHollands and Qin, with which the lowerorders were then accustomed to indulgeunfettered by licence and excise.Published as the Act directsby F. F. Setche! 23 KingStreet Covent Garden. BARTHOLOMEW FAIR, 1721 Fine old coloured aquatint, printed as a fanmount, and mounted on tortoiseshell sticks forming a curious andinteresting fan (which, when open, measures from end to end 20 inches) ; the scene shews the famous BartlemyFair in progress, with its various booths and visitors, among the most notable being Sir Robert Walpole seenentering on right) ; Fawkes, the famous conjurer, forms a conspicuous feature, and is the only portraitknown to exist*.This old Fan-Print was made up by Messrs. Duvelleroy, and is now the property of the tiordon Craig Schoolfor the Art of the Theatre, Arena Goldoni. Florence. UPON SEVERAL THINGS. SomeNotes THE RUSSIAN BALLET M. DIAGHILEW THE DANCER NIJINSKYDESERTERS IN THE ARMY. by John Balance. THE RUSSIAN BALLET. travelling company which we know of by the name of the RussianBallet is, more correctly speaking, a branch of the Russian Ballet,which has been in existence for more years than any of our readershave seen.It is a State organization; its pocket money over a million roubles,...that is to say, over one hundred thousand pounds a year.&lt;£? Its founders and supporters are not impelled by a great love of thenobility of art, but they wisely recognise that a great state governed bymen instead of by mice and women needs a great Ballet, a great OperaHouse, a great Theatre.£? Neither are these founders of this Ballet concerned about the intel- lectual, spiritual or moral qualities of those who are to be put upontheir stage. A pretty girl ?... put her on,... train her... make her dance:...she can't?... then turn her out:... Finished!If she does well,.... retains her looks, her temper, her charm,... keepher:.... send her flowers, send her jewels, put her in a comfortablehouse: give her all she wants,.... Finished!No more waste of time or speech.&amp; This is how a state governed by a masculine race acts.£? Hence the Russian Ballet, which few of you have seen. M. DIAGHILEW. A passionate lover of what Is beautiful and thus of that which is mostbeautiful of music, M. Diaghilew indulges his fancy for organizing.&amp; While he loves music, he knows men and women ; and music is thevoice which finds for him excuses for their Ingratitude, felly and conceit.He is a very kind man whose very kindness is his chief fault.He understands men and women, and he imagined that dancers andother performers were men and women. 1He reckoned that performers were capable of loyalty.One by one they broke away from him, their vanity, conceit andcupidity being greater than their devotion to the cause he had at heart.M. Dlagliilew can find plenty of dancers to fill the gaps made in hisranks,... he will create new talent,.... if he wants to.These will always break away from him,... to their discredit.But M. Diaghilew helps them to be discreditable, for he has not learnedthat performers must first learn loyalty to a cause before they are strongenough to bear the strain of the temptations they must encounter andwhich either make them heroes when victorious or cravens and deserterswhen they fail. THE DANCER NIJINSKI. young gentleman Is not a Russian. He Is a Pole.He has lately been tempted to leave the company known as44 The Russian Ballet " and he left it.He was doing well in 1911; then by some means he got hold of abottle of old wine from the cellar of Mr Raymond Duncan, and has sincebeen in a state of intoxication.He lately exhibited himself to London in this condition.This particular wine is from Mr Duncan's own vineyard and is quitedangerous to drink,... unless you be invited to do so by the master ofthe house, who knows how much a guest can be entrusted with.Since drinking this heady draught M. Nijinsky has been carrying onin a way calculated to appal some, ravish others, and somewhat disturbthose whose attention should be given strictly to watching and guardingthe development of the people and their education in such matters.If a man reels along Piccadilly in a state of intoxication he is arrested,not because he is drunk, (for he is permitted to be drunk in the privacyof his own home), but because he annoys us with a display of drunkenness,and we know that if he is not put into a strong room Piccadilly willsoon be packed with such people.But then we know the signs and the effects of the intoxication whichcomes from too much liquor. But the signs and effects of theatricalintoxication seem hidden from most people. &amp; For instance, upon first catching sight of Nijinsky's "Aprfcs midi d'unFaun " the critics should have one and all put it aside with a label," Imitation Duncan " and laughed the Public out of the way as thePolice do in a crush.&amp; But then they none of them seem to have known of or seen theoriginal; they were uninformed.... A bad thing in professional criticismand journalism.&amp; Again one can but repeat, " Let more opportunity be given to thecritics and journalists to travel and find out Perhapsthen we shall in time see rivers instead of barrels of water,... slightlymuddied in transport. DESERTION IN THE ARMY. 'yiie State realising, (never having forgotten since earliest times) thatthe Army is a serious institution established for serious work, allowsno trifling in its members.They have to be obedient to discipline, loyal to their country andcause. Should they be disloyal, desert the ranks or show insubordinationcertain punishments await them.These men are not children, yet certain punishments await them....Why ?Because discipline and loyalty where serious issues are at stake mustsometimes be enforced by examples being made of the disloyal and evilnatures.For desertion in time of war a man if caught is shot. So much forthe Army.And in the Theatre ?No discipline, no punishment for offending and disloyal members orfor deserters.&amp; The Theatre, you must realise, is a serious menace to the Stateunless well and seriously governed.&amp; The managers do their very best,... but their very best is very bad.&amp; They have never yet realised the seriousness of the institutionwhich is ours and over which chance has placed them for the momentin a kind of power. &amp; When they realise this seriousness, and how grave are the issuesinvolved in the manner in'which they discharge their office of government,we shall see the members of the theatre becoming amenable to disciplineand growing into loyalty. And when Loyalty and Discipline come intoa place there is little of good which cannot follow them. JEAN GASPARD DEBUREAU. Notes upona Celebrated Pierrot; by Jules Champfleury,with an Introductory word by Pierre Ramés. Champfleury. P. R. £/ " Debureau has been painted and sculptured long ago by theEgyptians: he is, in fact, very widely known. One finds him,gestures, gait, mask, on the Obelisks, on the mummy cases, and on the zodiac of Denderah. rom 1815 to 1863 there stood in Paris, on theBoulevard du Temple, the little theatre of " LesFunambules ", familiarly known as wIes Fufus". (1)It disappeared, together with several other smalltheatres, at the time when the Boulevard duPrince Eug&amp;ne, (today Voltaire) was being openedup, and the Place du Chateau d'Eau enlarged.£7 *'Les Funambules " was what we should today call a J' Theatre intime ".-&lt;£&gt; " The salle was so small " says Theodore de BanvIIle, that the** actors and the spectators,... who were all, moreover, of the same race*' people of the people, and, outside the theatre, carrying on trades,...." could look at one another, see each other close to, speak to each" other almost Hp to lip; and, like the heroes of the Iliad, exchange" remarks, which did not seem at all strange in this place swarming" with life, and where the public was itself the unbridled and ever" vibrating Chorus of Aristophanes ".&amp; Many well-known men found their way to the little theatre, and de- lighted in it and wrote about it and wrote for it. Two managers grewrich there in spite of the modesty of the prices, and some fine actorspiayed their parts upon its stage.&amp; And the finest of them all was Jean Gaspard Debureau.&amp; Debureau, or, as It is also written, Deburau, was born In Bohemia,...at Neukolm, in 1796, and died in Paris in 1846.The most celebrated Pierrot of this time, he was the idol of his public.BanvIIle writes of him as follows : 44 This incomparable comedian possessed all that is required to charm44 the people, for he was himself of the people by his birth, by his44 poverty, by his genius, by his childlike naievet6. But also, he responded44 to the need of elegance and of splendour which exists in primitive44 souls, and never was there duke or prince who knew so well as he44 how to kiss the hand of a woman and to touch a woman. But when44 he had devoutly bowed before the Fairy who uttered her strophes,44 victorious, carried away and agitating ruby wings, he dared to sketch,44 to lightly Indicate, the gesture of taking with her some liberty, and44 the Fairy was not at all annoyed by it, nor the public, to such an44 extent was he the spoiled child of all.44 Sans peser, sans rester " might have been perfectly the motto of44 his talent. He did nothing, no doubt, sauntering across the universe44 with an artist's and poet's detachment; but at need he showed his44 friends the titis (1) that nothing human was unknown to him, and44 then he made a cabbage soup, performed exercises, fought a duel,44 mended his old shoes with a discouraging perfection.44 The urchins of the two sou gallery threw him oranges, and he44 picked them up and put them in his pockets with a childlike delight,44 happy to keep house with them, and to play at dinner. And the next44 moment he was a disdainful prince, a magnificent Don Juan, with a44 subtle simplicity which, often, ought to make our low and turbulent44 actors reflect. "Champfleury adds his testimony, declaring that, although he wasusually opposed to the dominance of one great actor in a company, 44 to44 Debureau pere one could pardon everything; he was more than a great44 comedian, he was a creator. With as much reason as Louis YIV could44 he say, 'Les Funambules, it is I'. " And although he goes on to saythat 44 These suns of dramatic art are so rare that one ought to regardthem as exceptions whose example Is not to be followed " he is as muchunder the dominion of this white-faced, white-frocked personality as allthe rest of the audience of Les Funambules, who cared nothing whatany one else was doing so long us their idol was before them on thestage. £7 One great misfortune befell Debureau amid all his successes. In 1836,exasperated by the mockery of a drunken man, he struck him so violentlywith his stick as to kill him. He was acquitted of murder, but the eventcast a shadow over him which contrasted strongly with the wit andgaiety he brought to the playing of his part.His last appearance was only a day or two before his death. It was afine example of courage, and loyalty to his work and his public, on thepart of the actor: a fine demonstration of affection and loyalty on thepart of the public to their old friend.£7 But to give any adequate impression of the scene, and of what pre- ceded and what followed it I can do no better than set down here atranslation of Champfleury's account together with the lines which he laid, like a flower, upon Pierrot's grave. (I) A note upon this theatre appeared in "The Mask" January I9IJ. (i) A slang term for the frequenters of " Les Funambules " THE LAST DAYS OF DEBUREAU. by Jules Champfleury. It has been pretended that Debureau died of a fail at the Funatnbules:Debureau died of asthma from which he had suffered for five years.&amp; The doctors had prescribed a long rest for him ; but he thought ofhis public. For five years he has been coughing enough to tear out hislungs. So soon as he came out on the stage the malady left him; for aquarter of an hour he became once more young, happy and well. Howeverthe terrible illness awaited him in the wings, under the oily lamp, andset Its claw upon the chest of the mime at each of his exits.&amp; The cough became so Imperious that Debureau was forced to give up.One day he felt better; the placard announced his reappearance.4? The Opera might give an unpublished work by Meyerbeer or Rossini,and there would be less excitement on the boulevard des Italians thanthere was on the boulevard du Temple at this news.it was at most three weeks since Debureau had acted, and the queuestretched out, eager, restless, long enough to fill five theatres.£? Take note that the piece given was the " Nuptials of Pierrot, " oneof the least pleasing of the Funambules plays, a pantomime which isnothing but the eternal " Deserter " of Sedaine, a farce which has beenplayed six hundred times at the same theatre. It takes enthusiasm suchas this crowd had to hurry and huddle together and be asphixiated by sixty degrees of heat. If there were a thermometer up among the godsthe most daring would descend, at once,&amp; One can imagine the cries and shoutings of the audience during thefirst half of the evening. Outside, those who had not been able to getin cried and shouted in response. After the three vaudevilles, the usualthree blows were struck.&amp; For a long time I have been troubled for the musicians at theFunambules. Music is, of all the arts which become professions, the leastattractive work which can be imagined. A musician who accompanies44 Robert !e Dlable " sixty times is as unfortunate as a musician whoaccompanies for twenty five nights the melodrama of the " Bleeding Nun."Chef d'oeuvres or platitudes are one and the same in these circumstances.But at the Funambules all is changing. The phalansteriens, whoproclaim with so much zeal impassioned work, will find in this narrowpit where six musicians are crowded the realisation of their aspirations.When it is a matter of accompanying the pantomime these musiciansput into it an ardour and a spirit worthy of a better fate.The violin makes his fingers fly upon the neck of the instrument.The cheeks of the clarinet swell with enthusiasm. The contre°bass com- passes unheard of things. The horn sounds gaiiy. The melancholy altohas tears in his eyes, As for the leader of the orchestra, he loses himseifentirely. Harmony pours forth from his hair, he * swims in the blue.'The day of Debureau's reappearance the orchestra surpassed itself.To celebrate this return the orchestra played as overture an air of oldG!uck,.a fragment of 44 Armide," of music grand, simple and immortal.&amp; The curtain rose slowly. Debureau appeared in his white bridegroom'scostume, a nosegay in his buttonhole, a pretty girl on his arm. It isimpossible to convey the enthusiasm of the audience; it was frenzy.The four hundred heads In this paradise were joyous; the eight hundredeyes devoured the actor; the four hundred mouths shouted 44 Bravo 1 "It was a delirium. Those who had not been able to get In applauded atthe door.Debureau simply put his hand on his heart, beneath his bridegroom'sbouquet. A tear rolled down the powder on his face. A real tear In thetheatre is.so rare! Shortly afterwards a slight incident showed the enthusiastic faith ofthe public.&amp; On the stage, at the opening of the pantomime, are groups of maleand female peasants. To the side the bailiff, (M. Laplace) who is a traitor,muses on his base projects, the orchestra enters upon the ritornelio ofthe quadrille.As a rule Debureau devoted himself to eccentric dances, the secret ofwhich he has carried away with him, which were a mixture of the stepsof the Directoire and of the most audacious of 4 cancans'.More than usually moved, his heart too full of joy, Debureau didnot dance.44 The Chahut!" called a street urchin's voice merrily.No, no ! replied the entire audience.The common people has suddenly moments of exquisite delicacy; ithad understood the emotion of its great comedian.That night, at midnight, a gathering formed itself in the rue desFosses=du=Temple, near the little dark smoky stage entrance. Debureauicame out; he had retained, doubtless through a presentiment, his whitebetrothal bouquet.It was his bouquet for his nuptials with Death.The thousand voices cried, 44 Long Live Debureau ! " but Death wasin haste to clasp in her arm her pale bridegroom.He died a few days later. SOME LINES ON DEBUREAU by Champfleury. Jean Gaspard Debureau 1796 to 1846. Musée, Carnavalet. Paris, Ignorant are those who regret the death of Debureau. This end is astroke of genius# He has died like Moliere,.## of the theatre.Nothing could add to his glory,.... not even had he been elected amember of the Institute.The young generation which has seen him can console itself foinot having seen Talma.Sculptors have persuaded the French that their great men werenot sufficiently honoured. These same sculptors mean by honours a statue or a fountain. Already the erection of a statue to Debureau isdiscussed.&amp; Foolish Idea I Debureau has been painted and sculptured long ago bythe Egyptians; he is in fact very widely known. One finds hln, gestures,gait, mask, on the Obelisks, on the mummy cases and on the zodiac ofDenderah.Debureau, this mime of so comic a talent, one day killed a man. Thatman found hfs play brutal.As the body of the dead clown was being borne to the church,during the Dies Irae, a joyous crowd was gathered at a wedding in anadjoining chapel.Life is a road bordered by antitheses.Who knows If life is not a death, and death a life? said Euripides.Euripides Is right, It is all one. I knew a banker:During his life he was rigid, immoveable and corrupting.Dead, he is rigid, immoveable and corrupted.The costume of Pierrot was white.His shroud is white.* W : ' - ■ : s,Debureau passed his life on the boards.He rests peacefully between the boards. EDWARD GORDON CRAIG'S BOOK"ON THE ART OF THE THEATRE." J. S. (I&gt; In a book just published, (2) and- about which we shall have more tosay, some curious and almost comically incircumspect statements aremade as to the influence and position of Gordon Craig in the EuropeanTheatre.This is not the place to discuss them, but perhaps it will be notuninteresting to our readers to look through the following extracts andnote the impression produced by just one small item of Mr Craig's workduring the last fifteen years,... the publication of one singie book.The passages here set down are but a very few among a host ofsimilar letters and critiques; and we give this selection merely becauseit happened to be made and published by a serious American Review, (3)and therefore is even more significant than if we had compiled itourselves.The first is the opinion, written anonymously, of the editor of afamous literary journal: the others each bear the name of the writer, or of the journal in which the notice appeared. A FEW SIGNIFICANT EXTRACTS SHO WING THE INFLUENCEOF A SINGLE PIECE OF WORK. AT rare intervals... perhaps once in a decade or so... there appearsa book bearing the unmistakable stamp of genius. Such a book isMr. E. Gordon Craig's " On the Art of the Theatre." The author, a sonof Ellen Terry, and acknowledged all over Europe as a master-pioneerof the Theatre, here presents the fruit of twenty years or more of actualstage experience and experiment. His book is not a treatise on scene- painting, or a manual of first aid to stage-managers, or a text-book onthe art of acting. It is, rather, a series of brilliantly-written and stimu- lating papers embodying a revolutionary arraignment of the Theatreas it is, and a new and noble conception of the Theatre as it mightbe. To every one who takes an intelligent interest in the modern Theatre, from whatever standpoint, this is a book which simply cannotbe overlooked. And even to those persons who have no Interest In theTheatre (if there are any such) the book will appeal irresistibly throughIts charm of style, its vigorous and invigorating thought, its fine idealismand wealth of suggestien. J-IERE Is a man of genius and his book. What shall be done with them ?It is a difficult question. In the old days, the stake or a convenientdungeon was resorted to, according to the enormity of the offence.Now-a-days we are humanitarians. A decade or so of neglect and sneersis considered a sufficient test. If these are survived, then we begin tothink—perhaps there was something in him after all 1 But even then, itis just this quality of genius that makes our very gratitude ineffectual.There is no " job " for genius. The commonplace "safe" man can alwaysbe made secretary, or manager, or professor of something or other; butthe genius must keep on crying in the desert until his prophecy Is fulfilled,and then he is needed no more, and a monument is duly raised to hismemory. No lover of the theatre can help confessing that this is what we arein process of doing in the case of Mr. Gordon Craig. Acknowledged allover Europe as a master-pioneer in the theatre, he is practically ignoredin his own country. Yet if anyone doubts Mr. Craig's genius, they haveonly to read this book of his " On the Art of the Theatre. " It is instinctwith genius. On every page are illuminating flashes of thought, vista- visions, tangential flights of fancy, that betray a mind entirely differentfrom that of the ordinary pedestrian thinker. One can see notion afternotion that might be captured and turned to practical account. The Nation (London).'THE book is dynamic. Whether one follow M. Craig or not to the endof the trail he blazes, this book is one of the timeliest chances thatcould befall the young playwrights of our own country, scattered andunsupported as they are, without a common watch-word. And whethertills book stimulates to fellow-work or opposition matters little enough.It is bound to shake us all broad awake, with the shock and challengeof unquestionable genius. Josephine Preston Peabody (Author of "The Piper"). rJpHlS is a book of ideas, every page of which deserves to be read andthought over by all lovers of the theatre..... In this really wonderfulbook one learns how far-reaching are Mr. Craig's real aims, what atremendous challenge he Intends to the whole purpose and practice ofour stage as it is. London Daily Chronicle.TTRUE Art is always discovering the marvel in all that does not seemto be marvellous at all, because Art is not imitation but vision. Thatis the great discovery of Mr. Craig on the stage. He found the forgottenWonder-land with the Sleeping Beauty; the land of our dreams andwishes, and has fought for it with the gestures of an Artist, with thesoul of a child, with the knowledge of a student, and with the constancyof a lover. He has done the greatest service to the Art in which we areso profoundty interested, and it is a great happiness for us all that hecomes off with flying colours. He has his admirers and followers in ourlittle Hungary, the whole of the new generation being under his in- fluence ; and without any disparagement to the great merit and goodluck of Professor Reinhardt, we Hungarians, as close neighbours andgood observers, dare say that almost all that has been done in Berlinor Dusseldorf, In Munich or in Mannheim, for the last ten years is to becalled the success of Mr. Craig.Dr. Alexander Hevesi, of the State Theatre, Budapest.IF the stage were not soggy with inutile traditions, such a book asQordon Craig's volume would create a revolution.... Serious craftsmenof the theatre and hopeful lovers of the theatre will take it to heart asa momentous and stimulating volume.James O'Donnell Bennett (in The Chicago Record-Herald).|T is hopeless to approach the work and aspirations of any man of geniusexcept in the spirit of equality and fellowship. The very vigoir andthe overflowing quality of this book of Mr. Gordon Craig's lend colourto the superstitious and awful conception of a man of genius as a lofty,superior, semi-idiotic, and eccentric being. The very sincerity of the bookmakes it a mark for insincerity, and its ideas unintelligible to those menin England who are victims of the disease of theatricality. And yet, intheir heart of hearts, it is the diseased who most worship health, theweak who most ardently crave force. Air. Craig's book is tingling with force and radiant with health. It is full of courage, not only in attack,but also In adventure. ...It is a vital book... invigorating and inspiring...most of all when the writer leaves attacking what is and stating whatwill be... Then every word leaps from the printed page with all thedynamic nobility of creative force... He has analized the evil of the theatreand stated it with a fearlessness infinitely refreshing In these days oftimid thought, speech, writing, and criticism... stated it also with charmand disinterestedness so that only the foolish and the vain can be offended.The Observer (London).IT is remarkably suggestive and fascinating, and all students of thedrama should read it with pleasure and profit.David Belasco.CRAIG has many wise and splendid and humorous things to say,and much good counsel to give. His knowledge of the craftsmanshipof the stage is deep and wide; he can be as practical as the groundlingshe abhors... We advise all those whose profession is in the theatre toread his book carefully, and to assimilate the striving and earnestnesswhich are breathed In every line. London Standard.JF every theatre-goer could... and would... read M. Craig's book, wewould get some experiments in scenery and productions, instead of thesame old repetitions of realism that isn't real but is generally ugly.I shall have frequent occasion, of course, to mention the book.Walter Prichard Eaton."yHE book Is deeply and stimulatingly suggestive, It arrests the attention,it commands reflection by the completeness of its break with all thetraditions. New York Tribune,npo future times it will be clear that Mr. Craig's real work was that ofthe prophet, the mouth through which the dawn of the new art ofthe theatre made its music,.. All his work, however, practical or prophetic,will tend in the same direction : the vindication of an art of the theatrewhich is an art distinct from the other arts which it employs, and therescue of that art from the barren search after the imitation of nature...So we shall get, not the real world, which to Mr. Craig Is a disappointingand deceptive place, but a realer world, homogeneous, beautiful, signi- ficant, grave, and spiritual. London Times. *■ *HE timeliness of this book for American circulation is apparent. Nocurrent in the intellectual and idealistic life of the nation is moresignificant now than the altered rating of stage, play, and playwright...Mr. Craig has ideals for the stage that are lofty, that are untainted bycommercialism, and he has a theory of acting that rises above facile%impersonation to that of vital construction. His Iconoclastic temper, hisdogmatism recalling at times that of Carlyle or Ruskin, and his aptnessof illustration drawn from his experience as an actor and as a studentof conditions in the finest of the continental playhouses, all make hima fertilizing writer, and would make him an equally stirring lecturer.Christian Science Monitor.TP HIS book deserves close attention. It embodies the idea of a newtheatre, one that is for art and not for business. It outlines whatone may call a new philosophy of dramatic creation.The English Review.MR. CRAIG differs from many idealists In having a solid foundationfor the lower stones, at least, of his castles in the air. He knows themodern theatre thoroughly in all its manifestations, is conversant with theachievements of all the subsidized and independent dramatic experimentsin London, St. Petersburg, Paris, Berlin, Munich, and elsewhere, andis as ardent a student of the past as he is a sanguine prophet of thefuture... No man could lay his finger more unerringly upon the chiefcauses of the decadence of the contemporary theatre. With the authorityborn of personal experience he points out how the spirit of commercialismhas destroyed all honorable artistic ambition, and blocked original enter- prise | what an insuperable bar to progress the actor-manager has become?how the initiative of actors has been killed; how the inevitable lack oftrained intelligence Is completing the ruin that speculative greed began.Nothing could be more true or more lamentable.The Nation (New York).AN individual, bewildering, interesting, and provocative book. Boldoriginality and fearless experiment are not common characteristics ofthe theatre anywhere, and therefore an artist so completely on his ownas Mr. Craig must be warmly welcomed.London Daily Express. (1) Published 1911. London. W. Heinemaas. Chicago C. Sergei.(2) The Theatre of Max Reinhardt by Huntly Carter. F. Palmer. London. May IS. 1914(3) " The Drama Chicago. August 1912 BOOK REVIEWS. THE ART OF NIJINSKY; byGeoffrey Whitworth. Chatto andWindus. Price three shillingsand six pence net. k. nice little book with carefullymade pictures by Miss Mullock.But the art of Nijlnsky is no art.so the book was not necessary.He is technically a vivid dancer,rather too clever at times,... as themonkey is clever.&amp; Nijinsky is all that Is falsest Inart, all that is cleverest in Dancer'stricks, all that is most easily realisedat the instant and disliked uponremembrance. Dancing must becomedifferent before it can be spoken ofseriously. THE COMEDY OF MANNERS byJohn Palmer. George Bell. Priceten shillings and sixpence net, P. R. Mr John Palmer, who lately rushedin with a book on " The Future ofthe Theatre " which was more credi- table to his zeal than to his intelii- gence or good Judgemental) has now,treading upon safer ground, pro- duced a very readable book on theso-called " Restoration Drama, "taking as his period the years in- tervening between 1664 and 1720.and treating of the five playwrightsto whom we owe this English " Co- medy of Manners. "Taking Sir George Etherege, Wil- liam Wycherley, William Congreve,Sir John Vanbrugh, George Farquharas his five subjects, Mr Palmermakes them stand out vividly forus against the background of thesociety in which they lived, as wellas showing us how faithfully theyportrayed the manners of their time.In his Introduction Mr Palmerpoints cut that though various wri- ters have written " historically andcritically of the dramatic literature of the late seventeenth century, "" there has, as yet, been 110 attemptto present an historical view of therise and fall of the comic dramatistsof the Restoration ; " and he thensets to work to remedy this omission.The book contains twelve full pageillustrations, comprising, besidesportraits, some views, taken bothwithin and without, of theatres of the day. (1) Reviewed in The Mask, January 1914.«/ THE DANCE,.ITS PLACE INART AND LIFE by T.W. Kinney. W. Heinemann. Pricefifteen shillings net. L. N. D. Dooks on the Dance abound ; butthere was j'et room for this wellillustrated volume compiled by thosetwo enthusiasts, " the Klnneys "(quite a music hall touch, this !) inNew York, and issued In England byMr W. Heinemann.&amp; The book treats of the Dancingof ancient Egypt and Greece, ofRome, the Middle Ages and theRenaissance: considers the techniqueof Ballet dancing, surveys Oriental,Spanish, Italian and European folkdancing in general; discants onsome individual dancers, past andpresent; casts a glance over modernsocial dancing, and shows through- out a good deal of technical know- ledge as to construction, steps andstyle. It is surprising, however., wheremuch of the work has been done sowell, to find certain unjustifiableomissions, a neglect of some of theoriginal sources from which someof the results treated of reallycome. For instance, there is conside- rable attention paid to the work ofMadame Isadora Duncan, but herbrother Monsieur Raymond Duncan,on thinking carefully over the mat- ter, should at least be mentioned:and also Miss Elizabeth Duncan, thedirectress of the important schoolin Darmstadt.£/ Again, the Index contains nomention of Del Sarte;.... whom onewould have thought was for ustoday a personage of no smallimportance in the world of theDance ; nor is there any refe- rence to Jacques Dalcroze ; yet thisgentleman is surely a somewhatprominent figure among those whohave devoted themselves to the mo- dern developments or revival of theDance ?in spite of these omissions, how- 1 ever, the book is useful and read- i able, and contains a good deal of1 interesting information in a conve- ■ nlent form.» ug? The illustrations, which includei both photographs and diagrams, (334black and white illustrations from photographs and 176 line drawingsand diagrams by the authors, aswell as a coloured frontispiece) arevaried and amusing, but it is apity the mediaeval and renaissanceperiods should not have been morefully represented.There are many fine old illustra- tions of the Morris Dances, theDances of Fools and Dances of Deathavailable, and also of the Ballets ofthe French court,... those Ballets inwhich the 44 Roi Soleil " himselftook part; and the costume andstyle of which it would have beeninteresting to set beside those ofthe Ballets of todav.Perhaps this deficiency may besupplied in a future edition of the book. THE TRUE ADVENTURES OFA PLAy by Louis Evan Shipman.Mitchell Kennerley. New York.Price one dollar fifty cents net. N. L. nphis book is Great Fun for thosebehind the scenes. Its compilationwas a happy thought on the partof Mr Louis Evan Shipman; he hasdone a thing which somehow noone had happened to think of doingbefore, and what lie has done hasa certain value of its own.He has collected together all thecorrespondence; the letters and te=legrams; the promises, withdrawals, offers, rejections, obstacles, anddelays which were encountered byhim before he succeeded in gettinghis play 44 D'Arcy of the Guards "on to the English and Americanstages; what, in short, ProfessorGeorge Baker, in the excellent Pre- face which he contributes, describesas 44 a few of the infinite number44 of mischances and complicationsm44 which may stand between a ma- 44 nuscript, pleasing to actors and44 managers, and its ultimate pro- 44 duction. "JZ? In this case the 44 mischancesand complications" interposed threeyears between the completion of themanuscript and its performance inAmerica, twelve years between thewriting of the play and its firstappearance on the London Stage.JZ? Mr Shipman himself says: 44 In44 bringing' together the facts and44 figures, correspondence and me- 44 mories of the travail of a little44 comedy of my own, it is with no44 sense of its importance in relation44 to the drama of its own time,44 but simply the tfesire to givo In44 detail an example, more or less44 typical, of the conditions which44 surround and beset the way to44 production of most plays today."The book affords amusing reading,il Iumi r.atirg as to the doubts an irresolution and intrigues whichbeset or hinder the steps of theman who would bring bis play intothe theatre, highly diverting in thesuave and meditative comments withwhich Mr Shipman interlards theletters from managers, lawyers, lea- &lt;ling ladies, and agents who all hadat some time or in some way afinger in the pie,&lt;0 And if, like the White Queen,we want to look for " a moral " wehave not to look far.It is Waste. Waste of time, wasteof strength, waste of vitality, wasteof everything. People making uptheir minds and then unmakingthem ; writing letters today to re- tract their decisions of yesterday;warming up hopes and then chillingthem with cold douches; building uponly to knock down. And when onesees this whole volume of corres=pondence which passed over theproduction of one little play, andnotes the large proportion of itwhich was mere waste paper andwaste time, one carries away somekind of an understanding of why solittle work of any consequence evergets done in the Theatre at all." A mountain was in labour, andbrought forth an absurd mouse. "That is a fairly adequate description.of a large part of the labours of the theatre today. And it wastes so muchlabour upon bringing forth me- chanical mice that it has little timeor vigour to bring forth anythingelse; whereas if it would only re- serve its forces and practise for atime a little continence it might indue season bring forth... one decent play. OUR IRISH THEATRE by LadyGregory.G. P. Putnam's: London.Price five shillings net. C. G. E. Aur Irish Theatre ! Yes, just that.We here hold the Irish Theatrevery close to our hearts.Why ? .... Heaven only knows.&amp; Has the Irish Theatre acted ourdramas... called us over to lend ahand ? No, not these things.But it has always done so wellby itself; never been seized by thecraze of the moment; needless tosay has never compromised yet hasnever been properly supported.JZ? But what a way the Irish Theatrehas!.... what charm !... how gene- rous!... and then... genius !This book by Lady Gregory tellsthe truth about the movement inIreland and America;... the takingsof the theatre... the story of Synge...Yeats,.... and a little about herselfand her son Mr Robert Gregory andhis excellent work. THE CONTINENTAL DRAMAOF TO DAy, by Barrett H. Clark.Henry Holt &amp; Co. New York.Price one dollar, thirty fivecents net. N. L. book of "Suggestions, Questions," Biographies, and Bibliographies44 for use in connection with the" study of the more important44 plays."&amp; It treats of Ibsen, Bjornsen,Strindberg, Tolstoy, Qorky, Tohekoff,Hauptmann, Suderinann, Wedekind,Schnitzler, Von tlofmannsthal, Mae- terlinck, Brieux, Rostand, D' An- nunzio and other European play- wrights, a short biographical notebeing devoted to each, togetherwith a list of works, of dates ofAmerican performances of them, andbrief outlines of one or two of thebest known pieces by each man.«£? The book should prove a usefulguide for those desirous of studyingthe technique of playwriting andthe methods of these many writersof different nations.But what exactly does Mr Clarkmean by the following passage ? ...44 Some plays suffer from pre- 44 sentation. Are they, then, plays ?44 According to our definition, a44 play must be presented by actors44 on a stage, before an audience.44 We must conclude that such works 44 as 44 Pelleas and Melisande " and44 44 The Blue Bird " are plays, but44 that the art of acting and stage44 management is not yet able to44 cope with certain problems, in44 spite of the splendid pioneer work44 of Gordon Craig, Max Relnhardt,44 Stanislawsky, and Meyerkhold....44 the last two, directors of the Art44 Theatre in Moscow ".We should be interested to know%what 44 problems " Mr Clark canhave in mind or could propose writhwhich the competent stage manageris unable to cope. There might cer- tainly be some which would scare thetmere 44 impresario ", but the prac•tical stage director can always berelied upon to 44 find a way or makeone", and Mr Clark, if he feelsdoubtful of this, might propose someof his 44 problems ", and 44 let the end try the man ". THE THE A TRE OF MAXHARDTby Hutitly Carter. FrankPalmer. Price seven shillingsand sixpence net. J. S. Qur English theatrical critics haveall the virtues and one glaringfault. They seldom admit the exis- tence of the other European nationssufficiently to go there and seewhat is being done.They wait apathetically untilParis, Berlin or St Petersbergsends good troupe of players and dancersto London, and then they and theirpens carry on in a way which isanything but calm or seemly.&lt;£&gt; Mr Ifuntly Carter Is one of thefew Englishmen who, without beingexactly a Theatrical critic, mayexpect our appreciation of his ef- forts in travelling round Europe andreporting something of what hesaw, read of or heard.It is a pity he has not receivedmore encouragement. In his previousbook (1) he did a real service to theEnglish public by bringing it somenews from the outside world. Hehas now made another attempt todo this, but seems to have beenheavily handicapped from start tofinish by apathy, business troublesand ill-health.This handicapping has had oneespecially unfortunate result, andthat is the grave Injustice whichthe book does to the work ofMr Gordon Craig; an injustice whichno one, evidently, regrets morethan does Mr Huntly Carter himself.It is by his permission that we printbelow part of a letter addressed toMr Craig a few days before thepublication of the book in question.Englishmen who care for the theatre at all, and have pride intheir own representative artists,could do worse than support thecritics in a more generous mannerso as to ensure that the books whichthey issue shall do justice to thoseartists, and, through them, to thenation they represent.It is difficult to be tranquil, justand clear-sighted in the midst ofworry, harassment and discourage- ment, and with small chance ofany recognition or success, andthese conditions too evidently reactupon some critics and bias theirminds.There might be an endowmentfund for the production and publi- cation of serious works upon thetheatre, and we believe that, had hethe opportunity of working underdifferent conditions and meetingwith some encouragement in hisefforts, Mr Carter would be one ofthose to render yeoman service tothe cause.By the way, it is worth notingtiiat, while the book takes Its namefrom Professor Reinhardt, we findon no less than 46 pages that thecentre of interest is Mr Gordon Craigand his work. ...Surely too significanta strawfor either Germans or Britonsto remain in doubt which way the wind blows! (I) " A New Spirit in Drama and Art." See The Mask.Vol: S. page 273. •• W"y help critics ?... they don'tinterest me ", is the usualanswer of those In a position toencourage our Drama and ourTheatres : It is, alas, often the replyof those who are keen about theTheatre and see its value to ournational life.&amp; But does it need a sermon topush home to their minds the factthat critics have always been andare just as important to the modernTheatre as are the other membersof the profession ?£7 1 would even go so far as to saythey are the most important group.£7 Loose criticism can damn a cen- tury of theatrical art,... good cri- ticism can encourage it.... greatcriticism can positively create it.And more than this: Loose criti- 0clsm can over-turn a dynasty; caneat its way into the grandest insti- tution in the realm... and has done so.£7 Before the evii spreads any fur- ther provide handsomely for goodcriticism and foryour critics... or takethe consequences. £7 " Yoo=no=hoo." Mr HUNTLY CARTER'S LETTER Yours sincerely.Huntly Carter Gordon Craig.£7 " By the time this reaches youdoubtless you will have received acopy of the Theatre of Max Reinhardt.published on the 15th May. £7 " Whether the book is reviewedby you and in the "Mask" is of coursenot my business. But I feel that Iought to tell you one or two circum- stances connected with the produc- tion. First as to fact and history.£7 ** The book as it stands is onlypartly the one I produced, and owingto the extraordinary behaviour ofthe publisher it contains matter andis in a state that I would not havesanctioned under proper circum- stances.£7 " The book was written twoyears ago at the beginning of myillness. It was a time when I wasfeeling very bitter with everyoneand' everything. In consequenceexpressions crept into the bookwhich, now that my mood haschanged, I do not approve. HoweverI completed the book and addedsome 40 illustrations and a numberof charts... very important ones....forming synthetic summaries andsome of them showing at a glanceyour position and your influenceon the European theatre."£7 He then continues that, as timewent on, and the publisher showedno Inclination to publish the bookalthough under agreement to do soin December 1912, he threatened totake legal proceedings, and adds:" At last in September 1913 he re- turned me part of the book forrevision, stating at the same timethat he was about to publish inOctober." Well, I brought the body ofthe book up to date and madeseveral alterations in the partsrelating to you. The appendices werenot returned to me and remain,with the exception of an addition,as they were two years ago. Therevised MS was returned to Palmerand still he delayed publication."&amp; The letter then relates how,with the help of the IncorporatedAuthor's Society, legal proceedingswere taken and the publisherbound over to produce; and con- tinues:....&amp; ** As you can see he has done so.He has rushed the book and in hisown way, refused to send me finalproofs, ignored some of my revisionsand omitted nearly the whole ofthe illustrations, (including one ofyours from Heinemann) and thewhole of the 14 charts.&amp; ** This is how the book stands.If it contains harsh passages I cannothelp it. I ought to tell you that theindex is vastly inadequate. The Mask,which is not indexed, is mentionedseveral times in the text." You will doubtless see that thebook is not so much Reinhardt as a synthetic summary of the theatremovement in Germany. It embodiesa plea for the spiritual theatre. Aswith the " New Spirit" I receivedno assistanco whatever with tillsbook either from Reinhardt oranyone else. I applied here andthere for information but only gotit with great difficulty." THE MEANING OF ART by PaulGaultier: Translated by H. andE Baldwin. Dedicated to HenryBergson. George Allen. Pricefive shillings net. ABCDEFG!. Ask all the artists of the worldwhat is the meaning of Art. Theywill and ail reply there Is nomeaning. What then is there left tosay about it or about this book ?Nothing.The book is all about "Art, and•«the index gives many references toMusic, Architecture and Painting ;but there is no mention of theTheatre.Thus one must presume that theTheatre is not an art.In that case there is still less tobe said. So, with best wishes to M.Paul Gaultier, Messrs Baldwin andBergson, 1 remain,your loving &amp; affectionate reviewer, BOUGHT BOOKS. ANCIENT ART AND RITUAL byJane Harrison. Williams andNorgate. Price one shilling. E. G. C. "It is at the outset one and the" same Impulse that sends a manl&lt; to church and to the theatre."Well said, Miss Harrison! And how many are there of youwho will understand what shemeans ?£? It is a bold statement to make...when there are so many chancesagainst its right understanding.The Theatre is Religious or it isnot the Theatre. A Religious TheatreIs a Living Theatre :... all the otherkind are corpse theatres.The Opera in Paris is a DeadTheatre. His Majesty's in London...Dead. The Deutsches Theater, Berlin,...Dead. And the thousand othertheatres made after their patternare all dead. For more reasons thanone or two.Some of them have done well...done good work... held very fineactors, poets, designers, and so forth.But the whole thing is a Dance ofDeath: something obviously dam- nabie and damned. To which millionsof people are persuaded to go,.,, andwhich thousands tolerate night afternight and which I can always make myself enjoy though not with quitethe same spontaneity as a well- served dinner at Prunier's,Simpson'sor Borchardt's.,*S&gt; i want them to be better notpoorer than restaurants: if bothare to appeal to my senses I wantmy senses appealed to at least asdelightfully in the theatre as in therestaurant, instead of the appealbeing, as it Is at present, very muchless enjoyable and keen.Some of these skeleton thingscall themselves Art Theatres. Some,trying to be simpler whilst grin- ning horribly, ask to be acceptedas Normal Theatres, or FuturistTheatres, or frankly CommercialTheatres.One and all are dead as a coldwet corpse is dead once and forever when the pulse has stopped ;or as a warmed-up dish allowedto grow twice cold, or as a depressedsouffle,... a melted ice.... dead.jg? " It is at the outset one and the" same impulse that sends a man to" church and to the Theatre."Well said, Madam !... now let uswait and see whether two peopleshall understand that deeply enough.If one of them should be alegislator the People's health wouldbe restored. FOREIGN NOTES. LONDON. R. S. Relative Positions.and Stage mingled at" St James's Theatre, London,44 for the annual conference of the44 Actors' Church Union, when among44 others present were Sir George44 Alexander, Sir Herbert Tree, Mr44 Cyril Maude, and Miss Lilian44 Braithwaite." This is an extractfrom a million copy journal.It must be encouraging to theChurch to note the amount of pro- minence given to its chief represen- tatives at the annual conference.Or was the Archbishop of Can- terbury hiding behind the modestyof Sir Herbert Beerbohni Tree?....and lurked there a Bishop apiece inthe shadows of Sir George Alexander,and Mr Cyril Maude ? Who knows!JZ? If so our contemporary, generallyalways on the spot, missed its op- portunity. INDIA. G. W. Mr A. Dewan Bahadur is a wonder!In an article which escaped him lately he gives us one ortwo glimpses oi the ancient Indian44 Drama as it was." That is thetitle of his escapade: but the cata»strophe is at the end where, in aburst of confidence and conviction,he cries, 44 There can be no doubt44 that the modern dramatic per=44 formances are far superior to those44 outlined above and " (here onemust get ready!) 44 that progress in44 the art is a matter for sincere44 gratification."Isn't that the kind of lovely bitwhich doubles one up with deli- ciously painful bursts of fearfullaughter.&amp; Poor old Bahadur! I would like tosee him playing football,... preferablydangerous football.One does love these sort of dashingspirits,... The colour of it!Krishna and all your warriors.Radha and all thy maidens, ...whata hero, what a pet you would havemade of little Mr Bahadur.Puss ! puss ! puss ! EDITORIAL NOTES. GORDON CRAIG S DESIGNS.Detween the 6th and the 29th oiJuly a private sale oi some ofthe designs of Mr Gordon Craig isbeing held by members of the Schoolfor the Art of the Theatre attheir London offices, 7 John Street,Adelphi. (1) We reprint below thePreface from the Catalogue issued.&amp; 44 The School for the Art of the44 Theatre needs money.£? 44 The funds at present at Its44 disposal are quite inadequate for44 the maintenance, and still less44 for the development and extension,44 of the work.44 It is to raise additional funds44 that this sale of pictures is being44 held. These pictures have been44 presented to the School by Mr Cra ig44 that they may be sold on its behalf,44 and we feel that those who know44 under what difficulties our Di»44 rector has carried on his work(1; Admission is by invitation ti;ket only. Any readerof The Mask, anxious for an opportunity oi purchasingsome of the designs, and not having already received acard, can obtain one by writing to the Secretary atthe above address. " during many years wili appreciate" this one more generous effort41 which he makes for the advantage" of an organization which owes its" inception to him, and will co«" operate so heartily in the scheme" that the School may receive to" the full the benefit of this gift."&amp; Such is the statement issued bythe members of the School.They are not, as you see, askingfor anything for nothing and hopethat they are proposing a fairexchange. Mr ROCKEFELLER &amp; GOODHEALTH.Mr John D. Rockefeller, althoughby no means a rich man, managesto be generous towards MedicalResearch, and has by a recent giftof 500,000 pounds sterling broughtthe total of his assistance to this*cause to 25,000,000 pounds sterling.JS&gt; We don't care much for the ideaof a man who amasses wealth evenby selling oil in the glib way ofstandardism, but, by Jove, a twentymillion gift to a great cause Is agreat way of behaving. Medical Research is a great cause,#and let the search be thorough andit will undoubtedly lead to a truthof which we are fond of remindingour readers.&amp; Research of this kind too oftenleads to the worship of the God ofMedicines and a doctor disguised assuch, whereas it is the God of Healthwhom we must worship. His priestsare certainly serious doctors, butalso serious artists.... scientists....divines.... statesmen. Most of allserious artists.&amp; For healing, as Napoleon remindedhis Doctor Antommarchi atSt Helena,consists 44onIy in lulling, calming theimagination and he added 44 thatis the reason why the ancientsdressed up in robes and adoptedimposing costume."He warms to the idea and saysfurther: 44 that costume you haveunadvisedly abandoned, and in doingso you have exposed the impostureof Galen," and adds that, shouldAntommarchi appear to him in thereal outfit of a doctor, who knowswhether he would not cure him atonce by impressing him as beingthe God of Health instead of theGod of Medicines.The Stage then,... what a houseof Cure it is already; but what ahouse of Health it might be! &amp; Even Mr Barker, our Londondisciple, realised before it was toolate that to inspire an audience allthe wisdom of Shakespeare was notenough; it needed the beauty ofdress,... and he commenced to de=corate Shakespeare.But even that is not enough.The Stage can do better than that.It can ;... and some day the legis- lators will see to It that it does...revive the health of the nation,jg? It will do this through the appealto the nation's eye and its ear.We have said this for years; itmust be repeated.£? Mr Rockefeller should not excludethe stage from the service it alonecan render in the cause of nationalHealth.&amp; But the stage is a difficult ser- vant... to any but a genial master. STREET SINGERS, OLD ANDNEW.|"Vne of our contemporaries printsthe following:jg? " An amusing little comedy took" place the other day in the Rue des44 Italiens, which is very rarely en=44 cumbered by traffic and is there- 44 fore the haunt of the familiar44 itinerant musicians who draw44 little crowds of midinettes and44 other employes around them. A44 well-known Parisian journalist 44 stopped to listen to one of these" musicians who was trying to sing44 a popular French romance. His44 singing was not of the best and44 jarred on the journalist's ears. He" went up to the singer and said to44 him, " Give me the paper, my44 friend ! I will show you how those44 beautiful verses should be sung."44 He sung a couple of verses and" was loudly encored by his audience41 and finally gave back the song to*44 its owner and made- a collection,'• and handed to the somewhat sur- 44 prised musician 4frs. 50c., a sum44 he hud collected before."But it never occurred to thejournalist that a street song toowell sung nowadays would be outof place.&amp; The old street singers had toappeal as artists in the old days....or be stoned for singing badly.Today a street singer must singbadly or he is not44 pathetic" enough.Today the crowd pays his poverty,and the more broken he is the morethey are 44 touched."&amp; Every bad street singer Is ascathing criticism on modern sen- timentality and ignorance.44 I will show you how thosebeautiful verses should be sung."Oh, oh,-oh!... as if he did notknow it before Abraham was. JS? ....Some thing quickly, to washdown the.... damnation.THE MUSEE CARNAVALET.TThe portrait of the celebratedPierrot, Debureau, given in thisnumber of The Mask,in reproducedby the courtesy of the Curator ofthe Musee Carnavalet, Paris, wherethe original picture Is preserved.&amp; This is one of the museums whichis as charming as it is important,graceful in its delicious Theatricalcollection, (i) (1) We bope be'ore long to publish some account ot thiscollection in The Mask. A WORTHY CELEBRATION. J. S. learn that Sir HerbertBeerbohm Tree, entrusted withthe organization of the festivalperformances to take place in 1916to commemorate the Tercentenaryof the death of Shakespeare, hasInvited Professor Reinhardt to sharethe work, and the invitation hasbeen accepted.Nothing could be more fittingthan to choose this way of celebra- ting the Death of Shakespeare! THE GO L DON I BOOKS.SKETCH BOOKS, DRAWING BOOKS, PAINTING BOOKS ANDWRITING BOOKS, FOR ARTISTS, WRITERS AND LADIES.d? These Books, are made of fine Italian Papers, and bound in vellum orin boards covered with papers upon which designs, floral or conventional,are hand-printed in colours. &amp;&amp;&amp; The beauty and charm of these books must be seen to be realized," These are pages to turn and finger with delight:" covers bright andvaried with colour and fresh design ; sizes uncumbersome to the nicesthand. " JZ?Write for particulars to The Mask Publishers,ARENA GQLD O N I, FLORENCE, ITALY. THE MOSHER BOOKS.TTHE special literary value of mv general Catalogue has given it a uniqueposition in the world of book-making for book-lovers.From year to year these Catalogues have been issued with the viewof making known, as no other form of advertising could make known,The Mosher Books and what they represent in up-to-date bookcraft. Allpossible value has been put into these books by their publisher; so thatto-day they are the only style of genuine hand-made paper editions atpopular prices in America.&amp; Sent without charge to all who are interested in choice editions atmoderate prices.THOMAS B. MOSHER, PORTLAND, MAINE. POETRY AND DRAMAI III III M III -- ■inra.w im ■ ■■■■»■■■»*%Mr Harold Monro, founder and first editor, during 19*2, of The PoetryReview, who was also responsible for the foundation of the PoetryBookshop In 1913, is now editing, under the above title, a quarterlyperiodica! of which the Interests are exclusively devoted to the combinedstudy and appreciation of poetry and the art of the drama,THE OBJECTS OF "POETRY AND DRAMA" ARE...(1) To represent, according to the verdict of an impartialjudgment, the best English verse of the time.(2) To publish genera! articles of criticism and appreciationsuch as may stimulate and maintain public interestin the poetry of all times,(3) To conduct a comprehensive survey of current Englishpoetry together with occasional chronicles on foreignpoetry such as may enable the English public to»,,maintain an Interest in the developments of literatureall over the world.(4) To represent and criticise dramatic poetry, and tochronicle the progress and vicissitudes of the art ofthe drama.* !(5) To keep the public generally informed, by means ofnotes and comments, in all the poetic and dramaticmovements of the time, their origin, progress, ten-dencies or results.Poetry and Drama may be obtained through all booksellers and news-agents, or direct from the Poetry Bookshop. The price per copy is2j6 net,postage 3d. Free specimen copies are not supplied. The annual subscriptionis IOJ6 post free to all countries.ADDRESS. 35 Devonshire St. Theobald's Rd. London. W. C. TWO BOOKS ON THE THEATRE,by Edward Gordon Craig.ON THE ART OF THE THEATRE.HEINEMANN 1911./TOWARDS A NEW THEATRE.DENT. 1512.AFTER THE PRACTICE THE THEORY" Most people begin with theory, and go on... if they go on... to carrytheir theory into practice. Mr. Gordon Craig has done a betterthing, and, having begun by creating a new Art of ike Stage onthe actual boards of the Theatre, has followed up his practicaldemonstration by a Book of Theory, in which he explains what hehas done, telling us also what he hopes to do. „ARTHUR SYMONS in •' STUDIES IN SEVEN ARTS. "MRNMRNNFTRMMRWIW—TRMNTRHMMRMMT-ITWRAIN—■■■—■■NIIW I MMIW HIBUI I M in ■■■ » HIIIMI— ■ i ■MR■■ -——T Nr ■ ■ 'I »ORDER THROUGH ANY BOOKSELLER. FOR THE CHILDREN."Ein Rleines BuchTwenty wood engravings and twenty&amp; verses by Fritz Endell, &amp;*There are only one Hundred and Twenty4copies of this book, all are hand-colouredby the artist. £&gt;£? Order from Fritz Endell, 12, Munchen. &amp;% •t SOUV ENIR.A CIS &amp; OALA TEA.MASQUE OF LO VEby Gordon Craig.mmmmmemmmmmmmammmmmmammmmmmmmmmmammmmnammmmammmtmmmmA few copies of this " Souvenirissued in 1902, and now extremelyrare, may be procured fromTHE MASK PUBLISHERSArena Goldoni. Florence. Italy.WRITE FOR PARTICULARS. A VERY RARE PUBLICATION.TWO PORTFOLIOSOF ETCHINGSby Gordon Craig.SEND FOR PROSPECTUSTO " THE MASK " PUBLISHERS,■»ARENA GOLDONI, FLORENCE. A LIVING THEATREPRICE ONE SHILLING NET.AN ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET ABOUTTHE GORDON CRAIG SCHOOLAND ITS JOURNALTHE MASKRe ceni I yPublished.*Second Edition Now Ready.Order through any Bookseller, or fromThe Society of The Theatre.7, John St Ade1 p h I. London.or direct fromARENA GOLDONI, FLORENCE, ITALY.