370 AMAZING STORIES to me to reason like one without will or decision, like a being without energy." While There is Life There is Hope "THEN," cried I, exasperated to a degree which is scarcely to be explained, "you do not mean to tell me--that you--that you-- have not lost all hope." "Certainly not," replied the Professor, with con- summate coolness. "You mean to tell me, uncle, that we shall get out of this monstrous subterranean shaft?" "While there is life there is hope. I beg to as- sert, Harry, that as long as a man's heart beats, as long as a man's flesh quivers, I do not allow that a being gifted with thought and will can allow him- self to despair." What a resolution! The man placed in a position like that we occupied must have been very brave to speak like this. "Well," I cried, "what do you mean to do?" "Eat what remains of the food we have in our hands; let us swallow the last crumb. It will be, heaven willing, our last repast. Well, never mind-- instead of being exhausted skeletons, we shall be men." "True," muttered I in a despairing tone, "let us take our fill." "We must," replied my uncle, with a deep sigh- "call it what you will." My uncle took a piece of the meat that remained, and some crusts of biscuit which had escaped the wreck. He divided the whole into three parts. Each had one pound of food to last him as long as he remained in the interior of the earth. Each now acted in accordance with his own pri- vate character. My uncle, the Professor, ate greed- ily, but evidently without appetite, eating simply from some mechanical motion. I put the food in- side my lips, and hungry as I was, chewed my morsel without pleasure, and without satisfaction. Hans the guide, just as if he had been eider-down hunting, swallowed every mouthful, as though it were a usual affair. He looked like a man equally prepared to enjoy superfluity or total want. Hans, in all probability, was no more used to starvation than ourselves, but his hardy Icelandic nature had prepared him for many sufferings. As long as he received his three rix-dollars every Saturday night, he was prepared for anything. The fact was, Hans never troubled himself about much except his money. He had undertaken to serve a certain man at so much per week, and no matter what evils befell his employer or himself, he never found fault or grumbled, so long as his wages were duly paid. Suddenly my uncle roused himself. He had seen a smile on the face of our guide. I could not make it out. "What is the matter?" said my uncle. "Schiedam," said the guide, producing a bottle of this precious fluid. We drank. My uncle and myself will own to our dying day that hence we derived strength to exist until the last bitter moment. That precious bottle of Hollands was in reality only half-full; but, under the circumstances, it was nectar. The worthy Professor swallowed about half a pint and did not seem able to drink any more. "Fortrafftig" said Hans, swallowing nearly all that was left. "Excellent--very good," said my uncle, with as much gusto as if he had just left the steps of the club at Hamburg. I began to feel as if there were still one gleam of hope. Now all thought of the future vanished! We had consumed our last ounce of food, and it was five o'clock in the morning! CHAPTER XLII The Volcanic Shaft MAN'S constitution is so peculiar, that his health is purely a negative matter. No sooner is the rage of hunger appeased, than it becomes difficult to comprehend the mean- ing of starvation. It is only when you suffer that you really understand. As to anyone who has not endured privation having any notion of the matter, it is simply absurd. With us, after a long fast, some mouthfuls of bread and meat, a little mouldy bis- cuit and salt beef triumphed over all our previous saturnine thoughts. Nevertheless, after this repast each gave way to his own reflections. I wondered what were those of Hans--the man of the extreme north (who was yet gifted with the fatalistic resignation of Oriental character. But the utmost stretch of the imagina- tion would not allow me to realize the truth. As for my individual self, my thoughts had ceased to be anything but memories of the past, and were all connected with that upper world which I never should have left. I saw it all now, the beautiful house in the Konigstrasse, my poor Gretchen, the good Martha; they all passed before my mind like visions of the past. Every time any of the lugubri- ous groanings which were to be distinguished in the hollows around fell upon my ears, I fancied I heard the distant murmur of the great cities above my head. As for my uncle, always thinking of his science, he examined the nature of the shaft by means of a torch. He closely examined the different strata one above the other, in order to recognize his situation by geological theory. This calculation, or rather this estimation, could by no means be anything but approximate. But a learned man, a philosopher, is nothing if not a philosopher, when he keeps his ideas calm and collected; and certainly the Pro- fessor possessed this quality to perfection. I heard him, as I sat in silence, murmuring words of geological science. As I understood his object and his meaning, I could not but interest myself de- spite my preoccupation in that terrible hour. "Erup- tive granite," he said to himself, "we are still in the primitive epoch. But we are going up--going up, still going up. But who knows? Who knows?" Then he still hoped. He felt along the vertical sides of the shaft with his hand, and some few min- utes later he would go on again in the following style--"This is gniess. This mocashites--silicious mineral. Good again; this is the epoch of transi- tion, at all events, we are close to them--and then, and then-- What could the Professor mean? Could he, by any conceivable means, measure the thickness of the crust of the earth suspended above our heads? Did he possess any possible means of making any ap- proximation to this calculation? No, The man-