354 AMAZING STORIES At the Wireless Key He pressed the key impulsively, and noted with grim satisfaction that the loud blue spark crashed merrily in the not very up-to-date spark gap. As he sent out the call mechanically, he wondered vaguely what the matter could be with the govern- ment, because it did not even supply a modern, up- to-date Loschfunkenstrecke--quenched spark gap-- for field use. Things must be pretty bad when the government must economize even a few beggarly pounds of brass, so necessary for a noiseless spark gap. But he could not give that matter further atten- tion for he had thrown the aerial switch from "sending" to "receiving." He had strained his ears for a reply from the op- erator from the Kommando, but, as the switch was thrown, instead of a reply there was a loud, constant roar in the receivers, so loud that it was painful. Off came the headgear, while von Unterrichter once more sank into a chair. He was a pitiful spectacle to look at, the fate of a 20th Century man flung back a hundred years. His eyes roamed idly about till the distant railroad em- bankment struck his eye. No train was moving. Everything was at a standstill--how could a train move without a telegraph? How could a train be dispatched--there would be a thousand collisions. He turned to the radio operator, who as yet had not grasped the situation in its entirety. "Nordlicht, nicht wahr, Herr Leutnant?" he be- gan, thinking no doubt that the phenomenon was an ordinary form of Aurora Borealis,--the northern lights,--in other words, a magnetic storm, that would be over soon. "Dummes Rindsvieh" . . . snapped the Herr Leutnant, who knew better by this time. Indeed he was to know still more at once, for while he was speaking there came to his ear a low dull roar, a sound he had heard once before, far back in 1914 when the Germans had retreated very much in a hurry beyond the Marne. Panic seized him. Yes the sound was unmistak- able. The German army once more was in full re- treat--no it was a rout--a panic-stricken rabble that made its way back. Rumors Spread Through the German Ranks LIKE lightning the news had spread among the men at the front that uncanny things were afoot, that all communications had been an- nihilated with one stroke, that no orders could be sent or received except by prehistoric cour- iers, that the Grosses Kommando was cut off from the army, and that in short the German army as far as communication was concerned, had suddenly found itself a century back. For what had happened to von Unterrichter that morning, hafl happened on a large scale not only to every one along the front, but all over Germany as well! Every train, every trolley car, every electric motor or dynamo, every telephone, every telegraph had been put out of commission. With one stroke Germany had been flung back into the days of Na- poleon. Every modern industry, every means of traffic--except horse-drawn vehicles--were at a standstill. For days the German retirement went on, till on the fifteenth day, the entire German army had retired behind the natural defenses of the Rhine, the victorious Allies, pressing the fleeing hordes back irresistibly. And it must have been a bitter pill for the Ger- man high-command to swallow when they saw that the Allied fliers were constantly flying behind their own lines and that as the Allies advanced, their au- tomobiles and their trains seemed to run as well as ever behind their own lines. But no German suc- ceeded in flying an aeroplane or in running an au- tomobile. That mysterious force obviously was trained only against them, but was harmless behind the Allied lines. Nor did the Germans find out to this date what caused their undoing. I cannot, even now, divulge the full details of the scheme of just how the Germans were finally driven across the Rhine. That, of course, is a military secret. But I am permitted to give an outline of just what happened on that memorable morning, when the German army was flung back into the dark ages. In Tesla's Laboratory BUT first we must go back to Tesla's laboratory once more, back to that evening when "Why" Sparks first overwhelmed Tesla and his com- panions with his idea. This is in part what Sparks said: "Mr. Tesla! In 1898 while you were making your now historic high-frequency experiments in Col- orado with your 300-kilowatt generator, you ob- tained sparks 100 feet in length. The noise of these sparks was like a roaring Niagara, and these spark discharges were the largest and most wonderful produced by man down to this very day. The Prim- ary coil of your oscillator measured 51 feet in diam- eter, while you used 1100 amperes. The voltage probably was over 20 million. Now then, in your book, High Frequency Currents, among other things you state that the current which you produced by means of this mammoth electric oscillator was so terrific that its effect was felt 13 miles away. Al- though there were no wires between your laboratory and the Colorado Electric Light &amp; Power Co., five miles distant, your 'Wireless' Energy burnt out several armatures of the large dynamo generators, simply by long distance induction from your high frequency oscillator. You subsequently raised such havoc with the Lighting Company's dynamos that you had to modify your experiments, although you were over five miles away from the Lighting Com- pany* "Now if in 1898, twenty years ago, you could do that, why, WHY cannot we go a step further in 1918, when we have at our command vastly more powerful generators and better machinery. If you can burn out dynamo armatures 13 miles distant with a paltry 300 kilowatts, why cannot we burn out every armature within a radius of 500 miles or more? Sparks' Great Project "THE primary coil of your oscillator in 1898 was 51 feet in diameter. Why cannot we build a primary 'coil' from the English channel down, to Switzerland, paralleling the *The above occurrences as well as the citcd experiments and effects of the Tesla currents are actual facts checked by Mr. Tesla himself, who saw the original proofs of this story.--Editor.