356 AMAZING STORIES a red-haired, tousled young man who seemed to be much at home in the brewery, came over and ad- justed something on the huge wheel. "What do you call all of these dofunnies?" our young officer asked of him, pointing at the mysteri- ous objects. "Rotary spark gap and Leyden jars," was the laconic reply. The officer nodded. Just then there was a big commotion. The door flew open and a French officer standing at attention shouted impres- sively : "Le President de la Republique!" The President of France Arrives INSTANTLY every man stood erect at attention, hand at the cap. A few seconds later and Presi- dent Poincare walked in slowly, at his side General Petain. It was then five minutes to 10. President Poincare was introduced to the red- haired, tousled young man whom he addressed as Monsieur Sparks. Monsieur Sparks speaking a much dilapidated French, managed, however, to explain to his Excellence all of the important machinery, thanks to a sleepless night with a French dictionary. Monsieur Poincare was much impressed and visibly moved, when a French officer had gone over Sparks' ground, and re-explained the finer details. The President now takes his stand on an elevated platform near a huge switch which has an ebonite handle about a foot long. He then addresses the distinguished assembly with a short speech, all the while watching a dapper young French officer stand- ing near him, chronometer in hand. Somewhere a clock begins striking the hour of ten. The President still speaks but finishes a few seconds later. The distinguished assemblage ap- plauds and cheers vociferously, only to be stopped by the dapper young officer who slowly raises his right hand, his eyes glued to the chronometer. Im- mediate silence prevails, only interrupted by the soft purring of the huge generator. The dapper young officer suddenly sings out: "Monsieur le President! A-ten-tion! ALLEZ!!" The President of the glorious French Republic then shouts dramatically: "Messieurs . . . le jour de gloire est arrive . . . VIVE--LA--FRANCE!!" --and throws in the huge switch with its long ebon- ite handle. Instantly the ponderous rotary spark gap begins to revolve with a dizzying speed, while blinding blue- white sparks crash all along the inside circumfer- ence with a noise like a hundred cannons set off all at once. The large brewery hall intensifies the ear- splitting racket so much that every one is compelled to close his ears with his hands. Quickly stepping outside the party arrives just in time to see fifteen German airplanes volplaning down and disappearing behind the German lines. A French aerial officer who had observed the German airplanes, drops his glass, steps over to the Presi- dent, salutes smartly and says impressively: "Le 'cirque' du Baron d'Unterrichter! Ils sont hors de combat!" Hors de combat is correct. Von Unterrichter was not to fly again for many a week. We look around to tell the glad news to General Petain, but the latter has disappeared into a low brick building where he now sits surrounded by his staff, poring over military maps ornamented with many vari-colored pencil marks, as well as little brightly-colored pin-flags. Telephone and telegraph instruments are all about the room. The Enemy in Retreat AGAIN the President shakes hands with Moil- sieur Sparks, congratulating him on his achievement. Luncheon is then served in the former office of the brewery, gayl y bedecked with the Allied flags along the walls. But even here, far from the titanic ro- tary spark gap, its crashing sparks are audible. Looking through the window we see a wonderful sight. Although it is broad daylight, the entire queer telegraph line is entirely enveloped in a huge violet spray of electric sparks. It is as if "heat- lightning" were playing continuously about the whole line. No one may venture within fifty feet of the line. It would mean instant death by this man-made lightning. Luncheon is soon over and more speeches are made. Suddenly the door flings open and General Petain steps in. One look at his remarkable fea- tures, and all talk stops as if by magic. He crosses the room towards the President, salutes and says in a calm voice, though his eyes betray his deep emo- tion: "Monsieur le President, toute l'arme Allemande est en retraite!!" And so it was. The greatest and final retreat of the Kaiser's "invincible" hordes was in full swing towards the Rhine. More congratulations are to be offered to Sparks, A medal, . . . Heavens, where is that young man?. But Sparks has slipped over to his machines and is standing in front of the noisy "thunder and light- ning" wheel eyeing it enthusiastically. "Why, oh WHY, do they call you eclateur!" he says. "Spark Gap is good enough for me!" "Oh, boy!! But you aren't doing a thing to those Germins!" Translation of German and French Terms Used ini This Story. GERMAN Verdammte Yankee Schweinehunde: Dammed Yankee Pig-Dogs! Sie, Muller: You, Muller? Zu Befehl, Herr Leutnant: At your orders, Lieutenant! Versammlung, sofort: Assembly, at once! Dieses Amerikanische Gesindel: This American rabble! Schiesst die Lumpen zusammen: Shoot the ragamuffins together Vorwarts fur Gott und Vaterland: Onward, for God and Fatherland! Dollarjager: Dollar Chasers. Elige Schweinebande: Miserable band of pigs. Unsinn: Nonsense. Flieger: Flyer (aeroplane). Himmelkreusdonnerwetter: A popular German "cuss" word. Literally it means "sky-cross-thunder." English equivalent is "A thousand thunders." Kaput: German slang, equivalent to our slang "busted." Auseinander nehmen: Take it apart! Ausgebrannt: Burnt-out. Aber so 'was: Such a thing (of all things). Verfluchte Amerikaner: Cursed Americans. Teufelmaschine: Diabolic machine. Zum Kommando, schnell: Quick, to Headquarters! Donnerwetter nochmal: By al! thunders! Was ist denn jetzt los? What's up now? Heiliger Strohsack: Holy bag-of-straw; equivalent to "Holy Gee." Dummkopf: Blockhead. Die Funkenstation: The Radio Station. Gott sei Lob: God be thanked. Aber, Herr Leutnant: But, Lieutenant! Maul halten: Shut up. Loschfunkenstrecke: Quenched Spark Gap. Nordlicht, nicht wahr?: Northern lights, is it not? Dummes Rindsvieh: Stupid piecc of cattle. Grosses Kommando: General Headquarters. (Continues on page 384)