252 AMAZING STORIES He watched in growing amazement. Lights came on in the streets below, but none of the buildings lighted up. It grew darker and darker. "It shouldn't be dark at this hour!" Arthur ex- claimed. Estelle went to the window by his side. "It looks awfully queer," she agreed. "It must be an eclipse or something." They heard doors open in the hall outside, and Arthur ran out. The halls were beginning to fill with excited people. "What on earth's the matter?" asked a worried stenographer. "Probably an eclipse," replied Arthur. "Only it's odd we didn't read about it in the papers." He glanced along the corridor. No one else seemed better informed than he, and he went back into his office. Estelle turned from the window as he appeared. "The streets are deserted," she said in a puzzled tone. "What's the matter? Did you hear?" Arthur shook his head and reached for the telephone. "I'll call up and find out," he said confidently. He held the receiver to his ear. "What the--" he exclaimed. "Listen to this!" A small sized roar was coming from the receiver. Arthur hung up and turned a blank face upon Estelle. "Look!" she said suddenly, and pointed out of the window. All the city was now lighted up, and such of the signs as they could see were brilliantly illumined. They watched in silence. The streets once more seemed filled with vehicles. They darted along, their headlamps lighting up the roadway brilliantly. There was, however, something strange even about their motion. Arthur and Estelle watched in grow- ing amazement and perplexity. "Are--are you seeing what I am seeing?" asked Estelle breathlessly. "I see them going backward/" Arthur watched and collapsed into a chair. "For the love of Mike!" he exclaimed softly. Rotation of the Earth Reversed HE was roused by another exclamation from Estelle. "It's getting light again," she said. Arthur rose and went eagerly to the window. The darkness was becoming less intense, but in a way Arthur could hardly credit. Far to the west, over beyond the Jersey hills-- easily visible from the height at which Arthur's office was located--a faint light appeared in the sky, grew stronger and then took on a reddish tint. That, in turn, grew deeper, and at last the sun ap- peared, rising unconcernedly in the ivest. Arthur gasped. The streets below continued to' be thronged with people and motor-cars. The sun was traveling with extraordinary rapidity. It rose overhead, and as if by magic the streets were thronged with people. Every one seemed to be running at top-speed. The few teams they saw moved at a breakneck pace--backward! In spite of the suddenly topsy-turvy state of affairs there seemed to be rid accidents. Arthur put his hand to his head. "Miss Woodward," he said pathetically, "I'm afraid I've gone crazy. Do you see the same things I do?" Estelle nodded. Her eyes wide open. "What is the matter?" she asked helplessly. She turned again to the window. The square was almost empty once more. The motor-cars still traveling about the streets were going so swiftly they were hardly visible. Their speed seemed to increase steadily. Soon it was almost impossible to distinguish them, and only a grayish blur marked their paths along Fifth Avenue and Twenty-third Street. It grew dusk, and then, rapidly dark. As their office was on the western side of the building they, could not see the sun had sunk in the east, but sub- consciously they realized that this must be the case. In silence they watched the panorama grow black except for the street-lamps, remain thus for a time, and then suddenly spring into brilliantly illuminated activity. Again this lasted for a little while, and the west once more began to glow. The sun rose somewhat more hastily from the Jersey hills, and began to soar overhead, but very soon darkness fell again. With hardly an interval the city became illuminated, and the west grew red once more. "Apparently," said Arthur, steadying his voice with a conscious effort, "there's been a cataclysm somewhere, the direction of the earth's rotation has been reversed, and its speed immensely increased. It seems to take only about five minutes for a rotation now." As he spoke darkness fell for the third time. Estelle turned from the window with a white face. "What's going to happen?" she cried. "I don't know," answered Arthur. "The scientist fellows tell us if the earth were to spin fast enough the centrifugal force would throw us all off into space. Perhaps that's what's going to happen." Estelle sank into a chair and stared at him, ap- palled. There was a sudden explosion behind them. With a start, Estelle jumped to her feet and turned. A little gilt clock over her typewriter-desk lay in fragments. Arthur hastily glanced at his own watch. "Great bombs and little cannon-balls!" he shouted. "Look at this!" His watch trembled and quivered in his hand. The hands were going around so swiftly it was impossible to watch the minute-hand, and the hour- hand traveled like the wind. While they looked, it made two complete revolu- tions. In one of them the glory of daylight had waxed, waned, and vanished. In the other, darkness reigned except for the glow from the electric light overhead. There was a sudden tension and catch in the watch. Arthur dropped it instantly. It flew to pieces before it reached the floor "If you've got a watch," Arthur ordered swiftly, "stop it this instant!" Estelle fumbled at her wrist. Arthur tore the watch from her hand and threw open the case. The machinery inside was going so swiftly it was hardly visible. Relentlessly, Arthur jabbed a pen- holder in the works. There was a sharp click, and the watch was still. Arthur ran to the window. As he reached it the sun rushed up, day lasted a moment, there was darkness, and then the sun appeared again. 