A TRIP TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH 221 and to the fish, preceded the appearance of the race ^ of manimifers. The generation of reptiles then reigned supreme upon the earth. These hideous monsters ruled everything in the seas of the sec- ondary period, which formed the strata of which the Jura mountains are composed. What a gigantic structure was theirs; what vast and prodigious strength they possessed! The existing saurians, which include all such reptiles as lizards, crocodiles, and alligators, even the largest and most formidable of their class, are but feeble imitations of their mighty sires, the animals of ages long ago. If there were giants in the days of old, there were also gigantic animals. I shuddered as I evolved from my mind the idea and recollection of these awful monsters. No eye of man had seen them in the flesh. They took their walks abroad upon the face of the earth thousands of ages before man came into existence, and their fpssil bones, discovered in the limestone, have al- lowed us to reconstruct them anatomically, and thus to get some faint idea of their colossal forma- tion. I recollect once seeing in the great Museum of Hamburg the skeleton of one of these wonderful saurians. It measured no less than thirty feet from the nose to the tail. Am I, then, an inhabitant of the earth of the present day, destined to find myself face to face with a representative of this ante- diluvian family? I can scarcely believe it possible; can hardly believe it true. And yet these marks of powerful teeth upon the bar of iron! can there be a doubt from their shape that the bite is the bite of a crocodile? My eyes stare wildly and with terror upon the subterranean sea. Every moment I expect one of these monsters to rise from its vast cavernous depths. I fancy that the worthy Professor in some measure shares my notions, if not my fears, for, after an attentive examination of the crowbar, he cast his eyes rapidly over the mighty and mysterious ocean. "What could possess him to leave the land," I thought, "as if the depth of this water was of any importance to us. No doubt he has disturbed some terrible monster in his watery home, and perhaps we may pay dearly for our temerity." Anxious to be prepared for the worst, I examined our weapons, and saw that they were in a fit condition for use. My uncle looked on at me and nodded his head ap- provingly. He, too, had noticed what we had to fear. Already the uplifting of the waters on the sur- face indicates that something is in motion below. The danger approaches. It comes nearer and near- er. It behooves us to be on the watch. TUESDAY, August 18. Evening came at last, the hour, when the desire for sleep caused our eye- lids to be heavy. Night there is not, properly speak- ing, in this place, any more than there is in sum- mer in the arctic regions. Hans, however, is im- movable at the rudder. When he snatches a mo- ment of rest I really cannot say. I took advantage of his vigilance to take some little repose. Two hours after, I was awakened from a heavy sleep by an awful shock. The raft appeared to have struck upon a sunken rock. It was lifted right out of the water by some wondrous and mysterious power, and then started off twenty fathoms distant. "Eh, what is it?" cried my uncle, starting up, "are we shipwrecked, or what?" Hans raised his hand and pointed to where, about two hundred yards off, a huge black mass was mov- ing up and down. I looked with awe. My worst fears were realized. "It is a colossal monster!" I cried, clasping my hands. "Yes," cried the agitated Professor, "there yonder is a huge sea lizard of terrible size and shape." "And farther on behold a prodigious crocodile. Look at his hideous jaws, and that row of monstrous teeth. Ha! he has gone." "A whale! a whale!" shouted the Professor, "I can see his enormous fins. See, see, how he blows air and water!" Two liquid columns rose to a vast height above the level of the sea, into which they fell with a ter- rific crash, waking up the echoes of that awful place. We stood still--surprised, stupefied, terror- stricken at the sight of what seemed a group of fearful marine monsters, more hideous in the real- ity than in my dream. They were of supernatural dimensions; the very smallest of the whole party could with ease have crushed our raft and ourselves with a single bite. Hans, seizing the tiller which had flown out of his hand, puts it hard a-weather in order to escape from such dangerous vicinity; but.no sooner does he do so, than he finds he is flying from Scylla to Charybdis. To leeward is a turtle about forty feet wide, and a serpent quite as long, with an enormous and hideous head peering from out the waters. Look which way we will, it is impossible for us to fly. The fearful reptiles advanced upon us; they turned and twisted about the raft with awful ra- pidity. They formed around our devoted vessel a series of concentric circles. I took up my rifle in desperation. But what effect can a rifle-ball pro- duce upon the armor scales with which the bodies of these horrid monsters are covered? We remain still and dumb from utter horror. They advance upon us, nearer and nearer. Our fate appears certain, fearful and terrible. On one side the mighty crocodile, on the other the great sea ser-pent. The rest of the fearful crowd of marine prodigies have plunged beneath the briny waves and disappeared! I was about to risk all and fire, to try the effect of a shot. Hans, the guide, however, interfered by a sign to check me. The two hideous and ravenous monsters passed within fifty fathoms of the raft, and then made a rush at one another--their fury and rage preventing them from seeing us. The combat commenced. We distinctly made out every action of the two hideous monsters. To my excited imagination the other animals appeared about to take part in the fierce and deadly struggle --the monster, the whale, the lizard, and the turtle. I distinctly saw them every moment. I pointed them out to the Icelander. But he only shook his head. "Tva," he said. "What--two only does he say? Surely he is mis- taken," I cried, in a tone of wonder. "He is quite right," replied my uncle coolly and philosophically, examining the terrible duel with his 