282 AMAZING STORIES devised a machine that worked with a phonograph. When the letter was spoken the vibi'ation of the diaphragm would turn on the proper current to strike the letter." "How about capital letters?" "In dictating, it is necessary to use the prefix 'cap' when you wish the next letter to be a capital. Thus, if you were- dictating the name 'Dickens' you would have to say: 'Cap D-i-c-k-e-n-s' and the machine would write the word properly with the capital 'D.' "Flushed with my success I decided to go further and write whole syllables instead of letters. By using the phonograph there was no limit to the number of different keys I would use, hence I could have separate keys for thousands of syllables, al- though the typewriter itself needed but twenty- six letters." "How did you manage that?" "Each syllable key was so arranged that when depressed it switched on in turn all the letters which spelt the syllable. Thus when I spoke the syllable 'be,' the key tuned to work when this sound was uttered, received the electric current and, in de- scending it switched a second electric current on to the letters 'b' and 'e' in turn so that these two letters were written on the paper. A man could then dictate his letters to the machine just as he would to a stenographer." "How about syllables that sound alike but are spelled differently, like 'Pa' in 'Paper' and 'Pay'?" "Ah, that was the stumbling block. To avoid it I made my first machine to write Italian, as in that language, words are spelt as they are pronounced. But I found that even in English there were not so many syllables that sound alike and are spelt dif- ferently, and I realized it would be a very easy matter for the dictator to learn to pronounce them, slightly different. Thus, the syllables 'dough/ 'doe,' and 'do' could be pronounced somewhat as they are spelt. A man could learn the proper pronunciation in an hour and the machine would then spell each properly." "Then you succeeded?" "Perfectly. My first machine had to be tuned to suit the voice of the dictator, but experience soon taught me to leave enough play so that the machine would answer to any voice. Try it your- self, and see how it works. Don't shout, just speak quietly into the mouthpiece just as you would at a telephone." Pep accordingly took up the mouthpiece and spoke a few sentences, with some coaching from the doctor as to the proper pronunciation, and was delighted to see that the machine typewrote from her dictation without a single error. "That's great!" cried Pep. "Isn't it! I was so delighted with my success that I didn't stop there. It was an easy matter to make a phonographic record that would repeat the dictation automatically as often as required and thus make a thousand typewritten copies from dictation, if desired. "Even this didn't satisfy me. I resolved to go a step further and build a typewriter that would trans- late my dictation automatically into several different languages. I dictated in English and the machine, at iny dictation typewrote copies in English, French, German and whatever other language I desired." "But," objected Pep, "that is impossible! You can't make a machine think! You can't translate without thinking and no steel springs 01* electric currents can ever be made to think!" Doctor Hackensaw laughed. "That isn't the first impossible thing that I've made possible, Pep," said he. "As a matter of fact, the thing is simple in theory--though it is complex in practice. If it were sufficient to translate word for word, the prob- lem would be easy. Say there are a hundred thou- sand words in use in the English language. It would only be necessary to have one hundred thou- sand keys to spell the corresponding word in the foreign language. It would be no more difficult than my dictation typewriter, though it would require more keys. "But the problem is far more complex. Words spelt alike in English such as 'row,' (a line)- and 'row' (the verb) would have to be translated differ- ently into German or French. It is therefore neces- sary to make these similar words different when dictating. I accomplish this by saying 'row 1', 'row 2,' 'row 8,' according to the meaning of the word I use. The proper German equivalent is then released. Of course this means that the dictator must spend months in learning to dictate, but he need know only English and his dictation will be automatically translated into any language de- sired." "How about idioms, special phrases, proverbs and so on?" "Each idiom must, of course, have a key of its own. This necessarily multiplies the number of keys. All the keys you see in this room are parts of ray machine for translating into French. My 'inversion' keys will give you some idea of the many problems I had to meet and solve. In French every noun is either masculine or feminine, and its adjec- tives must agree with the noun in gender. For example: Horse is masculine and table is feminine, so a 'good horse' must be translated 'un bon cheval' and a 'good table' 'une bonne table.' "In French, too, most adjectives follow the noun instead of preceding it as in English. A French- man does not say 'a black horse,' he says 'un cheval noir' (i.e.) 'a horse black.' Also, French verbs must agree with their subject. Then, as you re- marked, there are a large number of idiomatic phrases. All these difficulties, however, I over- come by an arrangement by which no typewriting is done before a complete sentence is dictated. Au- tomatic 'inversion' keys enable me to get the proper construction of words and their proper termina- tions." "I don't understand you." "I will explain. The adjective 'black/ in French may be either noir, noire, noirs or noires, according to the gender and number of the noun that follows. My key for the adjective Tblack' can write any one of these four words. If the first noun-key that follows is masculine, plural, it is provided with a finger that turns around the key 'black' so as to write the word noirs. As the adjective 'black' must always follow the noun, the key 'black' is also pro- vided with an inversion device that prevents it from typewriting its word until the noun that follows it is typewritten, so that if I dictate the words: 