BURGESS BLUE BOOK $1.00 To PRACTICAL MEN and ELECTRICAL STUDENTS You can use this marvelous little book for solving your problems in any case of electricity including Motor Starters and Starting Boxes, Overload ind Underload Release Boxes, Rever-sible Types, Elevator Controllers, Tank Controllers, Starters for Printing Press Motors, Automatic Controllers, Reliable Field Type, Controllers for [ ... ] Locomotive, Street Car Controllers, Connections for Reversing Switches, Motor and Dynamo Rules, Rules for Speed Regulation, Connectors for Induction Motors and Starters, Delta and Star Connections, Con-nections for Auto Transformers, and Transformers for Lightning and Power [ ... ]anses. If you are interested in calculation you can find plenty of it in the various [ ... ]k on Simple Electrical Mathemat-ics, Electrical Units, Electrical Con-[ ... ]ions, Calculation of Unknown Re-[ ... ]ances, Calculation of Current in [ ... ]anches of Parallel Circuits, Calcu-tion of Weight of Wire, Wire Gauge Rules, Orm's Law, Watt's Law, Infor-mation regarding Wire used for Electrical Purposes, Wire Calculations, Wiring Calculations, Illumination Cal-culations, Shunt Instruments and Cal-culation of Resistance of Shunts, Power Calculations, Efficiency Calcu-lations, Measuring of Unknown Resistors, Dynamo and Dynamo Troubles, Motors and Motor Troubles, Calculation of Size of Pulleys, Current Calculations in finding Impedance, React-or Inductence, Frequency, Speed of Alternators and Motors, Conductance, [ ... ]ceptance, Admittance, Angle of and Power Factor, and Formulas to use with Line Transformers. ARE YOU INTERESTED IN ELECTRICITY? If you are, this is your opportunity to get a book which is as authentic as it is complete! For every problem that has puzzled you and is puzzling you, you will find the solution in clear, definite language in the BLUE BOOK. Its informatative contents come from the pen of Yorke Burgess, founder and head of the famous electrical school bearing his name. It is a pocket-size note book, especially adapted for the practical man and those who are taking up the study of electricity. You can have this note book with you at all times and you can read and study it in your leisure moments. With all mailing charges postpaid, we will send you this excel- lent book for one dollar ($1.00). Just mail us your order, enclos-ing a dollar bill, a check, or a money order with your request1t for a copy. Knowing its value thoroughly, we are convinced that you will like the book, but after five days we will be glad to refund your dollar if you should care to return the book. Just drop us a line. THE McCLURE PUBLISHING CO. 