278 AMAZING STORIES foot of the stairs. They were about to go up for an inspection of the laboratory and its gruesome contents. Dr. Dorp switched on one of the reading lamps and closed the door. Then he established himself in a comfortable chair with a pile of manuscripts and I followed his example. We found essays and articles on almost every subject pertaining to the transmission or generation of life. There were papers on anatomy, bacteriology, cell-structure, microbiology and embryology. There were trea- tises on evolution, spontaneous generation, and the structures and habits of micro-organisms. A force- ful and extremely impressive essay set forth the astounding theory that all life was merely a form of force generated from matter. The reasoning Wp, of course, purely analogical. The professor's Contention, stated briefly, was that just as'elec- tricity, a force that is invisible and indefinable, is generated by the friction of particles of certain kinds of matter, so life is generated and springs into being when certain other types of matter come together in the right proportions and combinations. "What is your opinion of this theory?" I asked Dr. Dorp. "It is most cleverly put, but false because based on the false premise of the materialists that there are but two things in the universe, matter and force. They do not recognize the power that con- trols the force which moves the matter toward a fixed objective. That' power is mind. Thus, to them, all life and all mind are merely forms of force generated originally from inert matter." "If the professor succeeded in creating a living thing from inert matter," I said, "it seems to me that he has demonstrated his propostion." "Why?" "Because he was experimenting with dead matter and not with mind or living creatures. There would be no mind or soul involved to inherit its being from a parent mind or soul. A new life entity would be generated, as it were, from matter which formerly contained no life." "I think," said the doctor quietly, "you w'ould have stated the proposition more accurately had you said that a life entity--a mind without a body-- had been induced to enter the body synthetically created." Our discourse was interrupted by Chief McGraw, who informed us that we were wanted by the coroner. The Coroner's Jury DR. DORP did the talking before the coroner's jury. All the-way through his testimony was negative. When asked if he had any idea what killed the professor and the policeman he replied that he had several ideas, but none of them would be worth bringing before the jury with- out more facts to substantiate them. I could see that his purpose was to get the inquest over with as soon as possible so we might'continue the inves- tigation. After, due deliberation a verdict of ."Death from cause or causes unknown," was brought in and the coroner departed with his men. "Now that the inquest is over, what do you sug- gest?" McGraw asked the doctor. "My suggestion is that we immediately destroy the liquid in the glass-lined tank in the laboratory." "Why?" "Because I am convinced that it is at least one of the causes of the death's that have taken place in this house." "I suppose you have a good reason for your assumption." "An excellent one, I believe. While you and your men were searching the house, Mr. Evans and I conducted a little investigation of our own. We put some of the liquid under the compound micros- cope and as we both saw the same things I ain convinced that my eyes did not deceive me. Tell the chief what you saw, Evans." I described the foam work, the granules and the white objects which, appeared to be aiive and strug- gling to escape. "All Greek to me," said the chief. "What was it?" "The foam work with its accompanying granules closely resembled protoplasm, the basic life sub- stance." "And the white things--" "Were white blood corpuscles from the veins of a human being. They were the strongest of the "human body cells to resist assimilation and conse- quently the last to succumb. The red corpuscles turned the liquid pink for a while but they had disappeared before we made our microscopic exam- ination." "Good Lord, why didn't you tell me this before?" demanded the chief. "Let's go up and destroy the . stuff now. Those two men up there might be killed any minute." We found the two policemen unharmed and made our plans for the destruction of the substance in the-tank. Several demijohns of acid stood under the table and the doctor selected one nearly full of sulphuric acid. "Open the windows," he ordered. "This is going to make a horrible stench." Then he removed the rubber stopper from the mouth of thedemijohn and I helped him hoist it to the edge of the tank. The searing liquid struck the heavy fluid in the tank with a hissing sound and bored into it like, hot water poured in a snow bank. The jelly-like mass quivered slightly, and pungent, nauseating fumes arose to torment our nostrils. Then, suddenly, as if in horrible pain and awak- ened to the danger of its dissolution, the plasmic substance began to heave and billow toward the top of the tank with a movement suggestive of the writhing of a huge coiled serpent in its death agony. By directing the stream of acid at the various peaks that arose we endeavored to keep it all washed down to a common level. Then a dozen- peaks rose simultaneously and I noticed that one was capped with a round ball in the center of which was a black spot. "The nucleus!" cried the doctor excitedly, shifting the demijohn. "Pour it on the nucleus!" We were too late. The thing upreared itself with amazing speed and lopped over the edge of the tank opposite us.. We dropped the nearly-emptied demi- john into the tank and rushed around to intercept it, just in time to see the ball containing the black 