THE STAR 243 IT was on the first day of the new year that the announcement was made, al- most simultaneously from three obser- vatories, that the motion of the planet Neptune, the outermost of all the planets that wheeled about the sun, had become er- ratic. Ogilvy had already called attention to a sus- pected retardation in its velocity in December. Such a piece of news was scarcely calculated to interest the world the greater portion of whose inhabitants were unaware of the existence of the planet Neptune, nor outside the astronomical profession did the sub- sequent discovery of a faint remote speck of light in the region of the perturbed planet cause any great excitement Scientific people, however, found the intelligence remarkable enough, even before it became known that the new body was rapidly growing larger and brighter, that its motion was quite different from the orderly progress of the planets, and that the deflection of Neptune and its satellite was becoming now of an unprecedented kind. Few people without training in science can real- ize the huge isolation of the solar system. The sun with its specks of planets, its dust of plane- toids, and its impalpable comets swims in vacant immensity that almost defeats the imagination. Beyond the orbit of Neptune there is space, vacant so far as human observation has penetrated, without warmth or light or sound, blank emptiness, for twenty billion times a million miles. That is the smallest estimate of the distance to be traversed before the nearest of the stars is attained. And, saving a few comets, more unsubstantial than the thinnest flame, no matter had ever to human knowl- edge crossed the gulf of space, until early in the twentieth century this wanderer appeared. A vast mass of matter it was, bulky, heavy, rush- ing without warning out of the black mystery of the sky into the radiance of the sun. By the sec- ond day it was clearly vis- ible to any decent instru- ment, as a speck with a barely sensible diameter, in the constellation. Leo near Regulus. In a little while an opera glass could attain it. On the third day of the new year the newspaper readers of two hemispheres were made aware for the first time of the real importance of this unusual apparition in the heavens. "A Planetary Collision," one London paper headed the news, and proclaimed Duchine's opinion that this strange new planet would probably collide with Neptune. The leader writers enlarged upon the topic. So that in most of the capitals of the world, on Jan. 3, there was an expectation, however vague, of some eminent phe- nomenon in the sky; and as the night followed the sunset round the globe thousands of men turned their eyes skyward to see--the old familiar stars just as they had always been. PJ ERE is an impressive story based on the intcr-aclion of planetary bodies and of the sun upon them. A great star is seen approaching the earth. At first it is only an object of interest to the general public, but there is an astronomer on the earth, zvho is watching each phase and making mathematical calculations, for lie knows the intimate relation of gravitation between bodies and the effect on rotating bodies of the same force from an out- side source. He fears all sorts of wreckage on our earth. He warns the people, but they, as usual, discount all he says and label him mad. But he was not mad. II. G. Wells, in his own way, gives us a picturesque description of the approach of the new body through long days ami nights--he tells hozv the earth and natural- phenomena of the earth will re-act. Though this star never touches our sphere, the devastation and destruction wrought by it are complete and horrible. The story is correct in its astronomical aspects. Until it was dawn in London and Pollux setting, and the stars overhead grown pale. The winters dawn it was, a sickly filtering accumulation of day- light, and the light of gas and candles shone yellow in the windows to show where people were astir. But the yawning policeman saw the thing, the busy crowds in the market stopped agape, workmen going to their work betimes, milkmen, the drivers of news carts, dissipation going home jaded and pale, home- less wanderers, sentinels on their beats, and in the country, laborers trudging afield, poachers slinking home, all over the dusky quickening country it would be seen--and out at sea by seamen watching for the day--a great white star, come suddenly into the westward sky! Brighter it was than any star in our skies; brighter than the evening star at its brightest. It still glowed out white and large, no mere twinkling spot of light but a small round clear shining disk, an hour after the day had come. And where science has not reached, men stared and feared, telling one another of the wars and pestilences that are fore- shadowed by these fiery signs in the heavens, Sturdy Boers, dusky Hottentots, Gold Coast ne- groes, Frenchmen, Spaniards, Portuguese, stood in the glow of the sunrise watching the setting of this strange new star. And in a hundred observatories there had been suppressed excitement, rising almost to shouting pitch, as the two remote bodies had rushed together. There had been a hurrying to and fro to gather photographic apparatus and spectroscope; to gather this appliance and that, to record the novel as- tonishing sight, the destruction of a world,--for it was a world, a sister planet of our earth, far greater than our earth in- deed, that had so sudden- ly flashed into flaming death. Neptune it was, which had been struck, fairly, and squarely, by the planet from outer space and the heat of con- cussion had incontinently turned two solid globes into one vast mass of in- candescence. Round the world that day, two hours before the dawn, went the pallid great white star, fading only as it sank westward and thg sun mounted above it. Everywhere man marveled at it, but of all those who saw it none could have marveled more than those sailors, habitual watchers of the stars, who far away at sea had heard nothing of its advent and saw it now rise like a pigmy moon and climb zenithward and hang overhead and sink westward with the passing of the night. And when next it rose over Europe everywhere were crowds of watchers on hilly slopes, on house roofs, in open spaces, staring eastward, waiting for the rising of the new star. It rose' with a white glow in front, like the glare of a white fire, and those who had seen it come into existence the night before cried out at the sight of it. "It is larger," 