286 The Malignant Entity By OTIS ADELBERT KLINE (Continued) tools, canned fruits, empty fruit jars, bottles, and what not. The front room was used as a laundry. Officer Black and I searched each room thorough- ly, using a flash light in the dark corners and mov- ing everything that wasn't fastened to the floor or walls. Several mice jumped out from behind boxes and barrels, but we saw no sign of the creature we were hunting. We were peering behind the furnace when several loud squeaks came to us from the middle room. With shotgun held in readiness, I moved stealth- ily toward the point from which the sound came. There, in the center of the floor almost under the yellow electric light bulb, I saw the fast disappear- ing body of a mouse under a mass of plasmic jelly. My first impulse was to shoot, but on second thought, I dccided to attempt to capture the thing alive if possible. Instructing Black to hold his wea- pon in readiness in case I failed, I unscrewed the lid from a large empty fruit jar and walked softly toward the center of the floor. I expected the thing to spring away, but to my surprise it lay almost mo- tionless on the body of its victim. I could see streaks of bright red flowing through the jelly-like mass as blood of the mouse was drawn up for assimilation. I clapped the mouth of the jar over the creature and still it made no effort to escape. Then, sliding a fire shovel which Black brought me, under the thing and its victim, I turned the jar right side up. It fell to the bottom of the receptacle, still clinging to the now formless mass that had once been a mouse and making no effort to escape. I put the lid in place and screwed it down tight. "Now try to get away, you devil!" I cried, shak- ing the jar exultantly. I almost dropped it a moment later as a muffled explosion jarred the building. Then I remembered Chief McGraw's safe-cracker, and hurried upstairs. When I reached the living-room, Dr. Dorp was emerging from the study in a cloud of plaster dust. In his hand was a thick, loose-leaf book. "I have the professor's diary," he called excitedly. "Don't get fussed over such trifles," I replied. "Look what I've got. Caught it alive, too." I put the jar on the table and he squinted at it for a moment. The blood-bloated monstrosity had separated its shapeless hulk from the whitened bones of its victim and was sluggishly crawling up the side of the glass. "You caught it, sure enough," he said. "I only hope it hasn't any little sons or daughters about." "I'll keep the house under guard for a couple of days," said Chief McGraw, who had come down to learn the result of the cracksman's labors. "If there are any more of these things around they ought to show themselves by that time." The doctor drew a chair up to the table and eagerly scanned the pages of the diary while we watched the antics of the thing in the jar. It kept getting lighter colored all the time, and more lively. By the time the cytoplasm had become transparent it was racing around, contorting its body into all kinds of shapes--flat, oval, and round. At times it put forth pseudopods, sometimes elongating them until it resembled a small cuttle fish. "September twenty-third was the night Immune Benny died wasn't it, Chief?" asked the doctor. "Right. Why?" "Then this diary tallies with Miss Townsend'^ tes- timony. Here is the professor's entry. " 'September 23, Nearly Midnight. " 'Eureka! I have succeeded. I placed a tiny drop of syntheplasm on the slide tonight as 1 have done a thousand times before, and covered it with a weak, sterile solution of gelatine. " 'I watched it steadily for a half hour but noth- ing happened until, suddenly, I noticed a tiny black spot forming in its center. I am positive there were no animalcules either in the syntheplasm or the solu- tion, yet no sooner had the black spot become readily distinguishable than my speck of syntheplasm began moving about as if searching for food. Evidently it cannot subsist on gelatine. " 'I next introduced a rhizopod into the solution. My animal slightly resembles it, but is larger and gets about much faster. I wanted to compare the tivo but the rhizopod was quickly devoured: Notv I know what to feed it.' " "It is growing late so I will not read all the de- tails to you," continued the doctor. "Suffice to say that the professor discovered his synthetically creat- ed' creature would feed on nothing but living crea- tures. He fed it so many microscopic animals the second day that it grew to a size visible to the naked eye. Then he fed it gnats, mosquitos, flies, beetles, and finally mice, when it became so large he was forced to transfer it from the small porcelain dish in which he kept it, to a much larger one. "The thing grew at a prodigious rate of speed. Its growth seemed only limited by the amount of living creatures it was permitted to devour. At length he was compelled to keep it in the glass-lined tank which he had been using for the culture of in- fusoria. Its victims were thrown into the tank alive and were quickly killed by the monster. He noticed that it was sluggish while assimilating its food, but moved with cat-like quickness when hun- gry. Though it had no eyes it seemed to sense the approach of food in some way and, toward the last, stretched forth pseudopods and snatched the animals from his hands. "Yesterday the professor led two mastiffs into the room. Hardly had he closed the door of the laboratory before the monster was out of the tank. It killed and devoured the two big dogs in less than a half hour--then crawled back sluggishly into the tank to digest its meal. Thus ends the written record of the professor's adventures with the Malig- nant Entity. His whitened bones on the floor of the laboratory are mute testimony of what occurred." There was a moment of awed silence when the doctor finished his narrative. His eyes fell on the struggling thing in the glass jar. "What are you going to do with it?" I asked. "Come," he said, taking up the jar and starting for the basement. "I will show you." 