THE DOOR INTO INFINITY 135 them, issuing quick orders to his servants. For the time being the back of the cafe was deserted and unnoticed. Campbell sprang to his feet, and with Ennis close behind him, darted through the black curtains. They found themselves in a black corridor at the end of which a red bulb burned dimly. They could still hear the uproar. Campbell's gun was in his hand, and the American's in his. "We dare only stay here a few mo- ments," the inspector cried. "Look in those rooms along the corridor here." Ennis frantically tore open a door and peered into a dark room smelling of drugs. "Ruth!" he cried softly. "Ruth!" 2. Death Trap There was no answer. The light in the corridor behind him suddenly went out, plunging him into pitch-black darkness. He jumped back into the dark corridor, and as he did so, heard a sudden scuffle further along it. "Campbell!" he exclaimed, lunging forward in the blade passageway. There was no answer. He pitched forward through stygian obscurity, his hands searching ahead of him for the inspector. In the dark some- thing whipped smoothly around his throat, tightened there like a slender, contracting tentacle. Ennis tore frenziedly at the thing, whidi he felt to be a slender silken cord, but he could not loosen it. It was chok- ing him. He tried to cry out again to Campbell, but his throat could not emit the sounds. He thrashed, twisted help- lessly, hearing a loud roaring in his ears, consciousness receding. Then, dimly as though in a dream, Ennis was aware of being lowered to the floor, of being half carried and half dragged along. The constriction around his throat was gone and rapidly his brain began to clear. He opened his eyes. He found himself lying on the floor of a room illuminated by a great hanging brass lamp of ornate design. The walls of the room were hung with rich, gro- tesquely worked red silk Indian draper- ies. His hands and feet were bound be- hind him, and beside him, tied in the same manner, lay Inspector Campbell. Over them stood Chandra Dass and two of the Malay servants. The faces of the servants were tigerish in their menace, but Chandra Dass' face was one of dark, impassive scorn. "So you misguided fools thought you could deceive me so easily as that?" he said in a strong, vibrant voice. "Why, we knew hours ago that you, Inspector Campbell, and you, Mr. Ennis, were coming here tonight. We let you get this far only because it was evident that some- how you had learned too much about us, and that it would be best to let you come here and meet your deaths." "Chandra Dass, I've men outside," rasped Campbell. "If we don't come out, they'll come in after us." The Hindoo's proud, dark face did not change its scorn. "They will not come in for a little while, inspector. By that time you two will be dead and we shall be gone with our captives. Yes, Mr. Ennis, your wife is one of those captives," he added to the prostrate young American. "It is too bad we cannot take you and the inspector to share her glorious destiny, but then our accommodations of trans- port are limited." "Ruth here?" Ennis' face flamed at the words, and he raised himself a little from the floor on his elbows. "Then you'll let her go if I pay you? I'll raise any amount, I'll do anything you ask, if you'll set her free." "No amount of money in the world could buy her from the Brotherhood of