WEREWOLF OF THE SAHARA 181 That which feeds an eagle is no meat for a fish." "Quite! Quite! Good that, isn't it, Merle? Meaning we Westerners are fish! Oh, definitely good! This Ilbrahaim, though--he swears our camp's being haunted. He thinks a weredog, or were- wolf, has attached itself to us. Says he woke and saw it prowling about last night." "A long trail from the Bit ad El Kelab!" "You're right, El Shabur. Still, what's a few hundred miles to a werewolf? And I suppose it travels on camel-back by day, if it's got its man's body in good repair. Have to be a new camel each morning-- eh? Not likely a self-respecting me bari would trot hoof in paw with a wolf each night." "Dale! Is it the same wolf you said was-" A cousinly kick on the ankle, as Dale moved to replace a blazing branch on the fire, warned her. "Is it the wolf-tale they talked about in Alexandria?" she switched off quickly. "Dear child!" Dale beamed approval. "How your little wits do work! No! That wolf was a jackal that haunted the Valley of the Kings in Egypt." El Shabur turned his head sharply. "The lost one arrives," he remarked. In the distance, magnified and dis- torted by the hot desert air, a vast camel and rider loomed. Merle lighted a cigar- ette with slow, unsteady hands. "It may be anyone. Impossible to tell yet" The sheykh spread his hands. "Ma- demoiselle will soon discover." In half an hour, Gunnar rode into camp. A sorry figure, disheveled, un- shaven, he looked as if he'd been across Africa with a minimum of food and sleep. Merle had meant to be unrelenting at first, to await explanation, but her heart betrayed her at sight of this desper- ately weary man. She ran to meet him as he dismounted, and tried to lead him over to where Dale and the Arab sat smoking. He stood swaying on his feet. "No. Not now." His cracked, parched lips could scarcely frame the words. "I must sleep. I--I could not help it. I was pre- vented--I was prevented," he croaked. "Gunnar--of course!" She beckoned to a servant. "Take care of him. I'll send Dale ejfendi to give him medicine. He is ill." IN THE late afternoon the camp was in more or less of an uproar. The camels were driven in from pasturage to drink once again. They would have preferred to go on grazing, and, being camels, they expressed disapproval noisily, and gave much trouble to the cursing, sweating men. Dale sauntered off from their vicinity. The sun was casting shadows that length- ened steadily. He stopped in the shadow of a huge boulder and stared thoughtfully out across the barren desert. "Got his goat all right about that leg- end and the cabalists. Now, just why did that strike home? The pattern's there, but all in little moving bits. I can't get the confounded mosaic right. Cabalists! Werewolves! Gunnar and the Sheykh of the Mist! Haunted camp and all the rest of it! A very, very pretty little mix-up. I wonder now ... I wonder. ..." His eyes, fixed in abstracted non-seeing gaze, suddenly became wary. His big body grew taut. Then, with the lightness of movement for which fat men are often remarkable, he vanished into a cleft of the great rock. His hearing was acute and voices carried far in the desert stillness. "... until we reach Siwa. From sun- rise to sunset I will be with her." Gun- nar's bitterness was apparent. "If you in- terfere I will tell her what you are!" "In return I will explain what you