224 WEIRD TALES Mechar two days ago. "Gasparri!" he echoed. "Who else?" "He's alone. Stumbling across the des- ert as if he were wounded. I saw him from a distance. He dropped from ex- haustion just beyond the gates." Gasparri lay at the door, stretched on the ground where the guard had put him. Cranston bent over the body. Gasparri's face was black with grime and sweat, his lips were cracked, and white with caked dust. His chest lifted and fell in heavy, disturbed breathing. "Get him to bed. No, wait--I'll get him in. You go for Lieutenant Prageur." Cranston carried the unconscious man into the building, where he lowered him carefully to a cot. He sought and found some brandy, which he forced through Gasparri's parched lips. In a few moments the exhausted man's breathing eased up. Cranston was waching Gasparri's face when Prageur entered. The lieutenant went over to the cot and looked down. He said nothing, but ap- prehension for the forty-nine men who had not returned was plainly written on his features. The Italian moved restlessly; he was coming around. Cranston and Prageur waited. Presently Gasparri opened his eyes. Immediately Cranston was at his side with a glass of water. "Not too much, now," he said. Gasparri gulped a few swallows with painful effort and sank back on the cot. His blood-shot eyes stared vacantly at the ceiling. His lips moved soundlessly. But in a moment blood flushed in his cheeks, crept back into his gray lips. "Gasparri!" said Lieutenant Prageur. Gasparri looked vacantly at him and said, "Not to Mechar!" That was all. Prageur bent forward. "Where are the others, Gasparri?" For a long moment Gasparri's face re- mained expressionless; then a look of un- utterable horror crept over his features. His blood-shot eyes opened wide, his lips fell apart, his hands fumbled at his neck as if he were stifling. "Dio!" he gasped; "one of them--one had me by the neck!" Then he began to mutter incoherently. Prageur held back his impatience. It did not take Gasparri long to pull himself together. After his muttering subsided, he lay for almost a half-hour fully conscious, and at length pulled him- self up into a sitting position and began to talk. He told of the arrival of the fifty at Mechar. They had come to the post in eleven hours, for it was not a great dis- tance from Surdez, and had found it ap- parently deserted. Yet the gates were locked on the inside. . . . "We broke in after a while and waited for something to happen. Nothing did. Inside, everything was quiet and deserted. Then we went in. As soon as we were well inside, the firing began, from all sides, from doors and windows and roofs where they had been concealed. We an- swered their fire--but we didn't have a chance against an army like that!" Gasparri shuddered, horror in his eyes. "That army," he repeated. "Dio! it was no army. We shot, we struck home-- but not one of them fell." His voice rose abruptly. "They were dead already! Some of them were skeletons, half-rotten corpses, and--Dio!--some were the men from Mechar--dead men, fighting!" He fell back. Prageur made a gesture of annoyance. "Sun's got him," he said irritably. "And he sounded all right." He bent over the Italian, who was crouching back against the bed, covering his eyes with his hands, shuddering vio- lently. "Look here, Gasparri!" he com- manded sharply. "Forget that. We sent fifty good men to Mechar. They haven't W. T.--6