Mask of Death By PAUL ERNST A weird and uncanny tale about a strange criminal who called himself Doctor Satan, and the terrible doom with which he struck down his enemies 1. The Dread Paralysis ON ONE of the most beautiful bays of the Maine coast rested the town that fourteen months before had existed only on an architect's drawing-board. Around the almost landlocked harbor were beautiful homes, bathing-beaches, parks. On the single Main Street were model stores. Small hotels and inns were scattered on the outskirts. Streets were laid, radiating from the big hotel in the center of town like spokes from a hub. There was a waterworks and a landing- field; a power house and a library. It looked like a year-round town, but it wasn't. Blue Bay, it was called; and it was only a summer resort. . . . Only? It was the last word in summer resorts! The millionaires backing it had spent eighteen million dollars on it. They had placed it on a fine road to New York. They ran planes and busses to it. They were going to clean up five hundred percent on their investment, in real estate deals and rentals. On this, its formal opening night, the place was wide open. In every beautiful summer home all lights were on, whether the home in question was tenanted or not. The stores were open, whether or not customers were available. The inns and small hotels were gay with decora- tions. But it was at the big hotel at the hub of the town that the gayeties attendant on such a stupendous opening night were at their most complete. Every room and suite was occupied. The lobby was crov/ded. Formally dressed guests strolled the promenade, and tried fruitlessly to gain admission to the already overcrowded roof garden. Here, with tables crowded to capacity and emergency waiters trying to give all the de luxe service required, the second act of the famous Blue Bay floor show was going on. In the small dance floor at the center of the tables was a dancer. She was do- ing a slave dance, trying to free herself from chains. The spotlight was on; the full moon, pouring its silver down on the open roof, added its blue beams. The dancer was excellent. The specta- tors were enthralled. One elderly man, partially bald, a little too stout, seemed particularly engrossed. He sat alone at a ringside table, and had been shown marked deference all during the eve- ning. For he was Mathew Weems, owner of a large block of stock in the Blue Bay summer resort development, and a very wealthy man. Weems was leaning forward over his 154