Door Into Infinity By EDMOND HAMILTON An amazing weird mystery story, packed with thrills, danger and startling events 1. The Brotherhood of the Door HERE leads the Door?" "It leads outside our world." "Who taught our forefathers to open the Door?" They Beyond the Door taught them" "To whom do we bring these sacri- fices ?" "We bring them to Those Beyond the Door" "Shall the Door be opened that They may take them?" "Let the Door be opened!" Paul Ennis had listened thus far, his haggard face uncomprehending in ex- pression, but now he interrupted the speaker. "But what does it all mean, inspector? Why are you repeating this to me?" "Did you ever hear anyone speak words like that?" asked Inspector Pierce Campbell, leaning tautly forward for the answer. "Of course not--it just sounds like gibberish to me," Ennis exclaimed. "What connection can it have with my wife?" He had risen to his feet, a tall, blond young American whose good-looking face was drawn and worn by inward agony, whose crisp yellow hair was brushed back from his forehead in dis- order, and whose blue eyes were haunt- ed with an anguished dread. He kicked back his chair and strode across the gloomy little office, whose single window looked out on the thick- ening, foggy twilight of London. He bent across the dingy desk, gripping its edges with his hands as he spoke tensely to the man sitting behind it. "Why are we wasting time talking here?" Ennis cried. "Sitting here talk- ing, wlien anything may be happening to Ruth! "It's been hours since she was kid- napped. They may have taken her any- where, even outside of London by now. And instead of searching for her, you sit here and talk gibberish about Doors!" Inspector Campbell seemed unmoved by Ennis' passion. A bulky, almost bald man, he looked up with his colorless, sagging face, in which his eyes gleamed like two crumbs of bright brown glass. "You're not helping me mudi by giv- ing way to your emotions, Mr. Ennis," he said in his flat voice. "Give way? Who wouldn't give way?" cried Ennis. "Don't you understand, man, it's Ruth that's gone--my wife! Why, we were married only last week in New York. And on our second day here in London, I see her whisked into a limousine and carried away before my eyes! I thought you men at Scotland Yard here would surely act, do something. In- stead you talk crazy gibberish to me!" "Those words are not gibberish," said Pierce Campbell quietly. "And I think they're related to the abduction of your wife." "What do you mean? How could they be related?" The inspector's bright little brown 130