THE DOOR INTO INFINITY 145 4. The Cavern of the Door Chandra Dass spoke, and his strong, vibrant voice held a scorn that was almost pitying. "It occurred to me that your enterprise might enable you to escape the daggers of my followers, and that you might trail us here," he said. "That is why I waited here to see if you came. ''Search them," he told the other hood- ed figures. "Take anything that looks like a weapon from them." Ennis stared, stupefied, as the gray- hooded men obeyed. He was unable to believe entirely in the abrupt reversal of all their hopes, of their desperate attempt. The hooded men took their pistols from Ennis and Campbell, and even the small gold knife attached to the chain of the inspector's big, old-fashioned gold watch. Then they stepped back, the pis- tols of two of them leveled at the hearts of the captives. Chandra Dass had watched impassive- ly. Ennis, staring dazedly, noted that the Hindoo wore on his breast a different jewel-emblem from the others, a double star instead of a single one. Ennis' dazed eyes lifted from the blaz- ing badge to the Hindoo's dark face. "Where's Ruth?" he asked a little shrilly, and then his voice cracked and he cried, "You damned fiend, where's my wife?" "Be comforted, Mr. Ennis," came Chandra Dass' chill voice. "You are go- ing now to join your wife, and to share her fate. You two are going with her and the other sacrifices through the Door when it opens. It is not usual," he add- ed in cold mockery, "for our sacrificial victims to walk directly into our hands. We ordinarily have a more difficult time securing them." He made a gesture to the two hooded men with pistols, and they ranged them- selves close behind Campbell and Ennis. "We are going to the Cavern of the Door," said the Hindoo. "Inspector Campbell, I know and respect your re- sourcefulness. Be warned that your slightest attempt to escape means a bullet in your back. You two will march ahead of us," he said, and added mockingly, "Remember, while you live you can cling to the shadow of hope, but if these guns speak, it ends even that shadow." Ennis and Inspector Campbell, keeping their hands elevated, started at the Hin- doo's command down the softly lit rock tunnel. Chandra Dass and the two hood- ed men with pistols followed. Ennis saw that the inspector's sagging face was expressionless, and knew that behind that colorless mask, Campbell's brain was racing in an attempt to find a method of escape. For himself, the young American had almost forgotten all else in his eagerness to reach his wife. What- ever happened to Ruth, whatever mys- terious horror lay in wait for her and the other victims, he would be there beside her, sharing it! The tunnel wound a little further downward, then straightened out and ran straight for a considerable length. In this straight section of the rock passage, Ennis and Campbell for the first time perceived that the walls of the tunnel bore crowd- ing, deeply chiseled inscriptions. They had not time to read them in passing, but Ennis saw that they were in many differ- ent languages, and that some of the char- acters were wholly unfamiliar. "God, some of those inscriptions are in Egyptian hieroglyphics!" muttered In- spector Campbell. The cool voice of Chandra Dass said, behind them, "There are pre-Egyptian inscriptions on these walls, inspector, could you but recognize them, carven in languages that perished from the face of earth before Egypt was born. Yes, back through time, back through mediaeval W. T --2