200 WEIRD TALES "She wore the Medici boots! The Medici boots! Suzanne must have taken them from the museum!" Over and over he said it--"The Medici boots! The Me- dici boots!" Eric rather dreaded breakfast, but when he came down at eight, to the terrace where a rustic table was set invitingly, he found John and the lawyer awaiting him, John greeted his brother affectionately. " 'Morning, old boy! Hope you slept well. Why so solemn? Feeling seedy?" "No, no. I am perfectly all right," Eric replied hastily, relieved that Suzanne was not present. He added with a scarce- ly noticeable hesitation, "Suzanne not coming down?" "No," replied John, easily. "She seemed to want to sleep awhile. Sent her regrets. She'll see us at lunch." John went on. "I certainly had a night- mare last night. Thought a woman in a long, shining dress came into my room and tried to stab me. This morning I found that a glass on my bed-table was overturned and broken, and, by George, I'd cut my wrist on it." He showed a jagged cut on his wrist. "Take a look, Doctor Eric." Eric looked at the cut, carefully, "Not bad, but you might have bled to death, had it been a quarter of an inch to the left. If you like, I'll fix it up a bit for you after breakfast." Eric's voice was calm enough, but his pulse was pounding, his heart sick. All morning he rode through the countryside adjoining the Dickerson estate, but he let the mare go as she liked and where she liked, for his mind was busy with the events of the hour before dawn. He knew that the slash on his brother's wrist was made by steel, not glass. Yet when the ride was over, he could not bring himself to tell John of Suzanne's visit. "She must have been sleep-walking, though I can't account for the way she was decked out. I've always thought Su- zanne extremely modest in her dress, cer- tainly not inclined to load herself with jewelry. And those boots! John must get them today and destroy them, as he said. Silly, perhaps, but-" His thoughts went on and on, always returning to the Medici boots, in spite of himself. Eric came back from his ride at eleven o'clock, with as troubled a mind as when he began it. He almost feared to see Suzanne at lunch. When he did meet her with John and Mr. Erskine on the cool, shaded porch where they lunched, he saw there was nothing to fear. The amorous, clinging woman of the hour before dawn was not there at all. There was only the Suzanne whom Eric knew and loved as a sister. Here, again, was their merry little Su- zanne, somewhat spoiled by her husband, it is true, but a Suzanne sweetly feminine, almost childish in a crisp, white frock and little, low-heeled sandals. Their talk was lazily pleasant--of tennis honors and horses, of the prize delphiniums in the garden, of the tiny maltese kitten which Suzanne had brought up from the stables late that morning and installed in a pink- bowed basket on the porch. She showed the kitten to Eric, handling its tiny paws gently, hushing its plaintive mews with ridiculous pet names. "Perhaps I'm a bigger fool than I know. Perhaps it never happened, except in a dream," Eric told himself, unhappily. "And yet-" He looked at the red marks on his hand, marks made by a furious Suzanne in that hour before the dawn. Too, he re- membered the cut on John's wrist, the cut so near the vein. Eric declined John's invitation to go through the museum with him that after-