204 WEIRD TALES fury of the storm and Suzanne's madness both were spent, the slashing rain and the lightning stopped abruptly, and Suzanne ceased to struggle. "Light the candles, Eric--quickly--on the mantel to your right! Suzanne is hurt!" In the candle-light, palely golden and swaying, Eric saw Suzanne slumped limp- ly in John's arms. The hem of her golden dress was redly wet and one cream-col- ored little shoe was fast becoming soaked with blood from a slash across the instep. "Let's get her over to the w'indow-seat, Eric. Do something for her!--Oh, sweet- heart, don't moan like that!" There was no question or reproach in John's voice, only compassion. Eric took off his coat, rolled up his sleeves. His mouth was grimly set, his hands steady, his voice crisply profes- sional. "Take off those shoes, John. She'll --be herself, then. I mean that she'll be Suzanne--not a murderess of the Medicis. Take them off, John! They're at the bot- tom of this." "You mean-" John's voice was breathless, his lips trembling. "I mean those hellish boots have changed Suzanne from a sweet and lovely girl to--well, do as I tell you. I'll be back with gauze and some things I need." When Eric hurried back, there were three servants grouped at the dining-room door. He spoke to them bruskly and they left, wide-eyed and whispering. Eric closed the door. While the wet leaves tapped against the windows and stars struggled through the clouds, Eric worked, silently, expertly, grimly, by the light of a flashlight held in John's unsteady hands and the light of the flickering candles. The house lights were all snuffed out by the storm. "There," Eric gave a satisfied grunt. The brothers stood looking at Suzanne, who seemed asleep. Her golden dress glimmered in the candle-light and the pearls were slipping from her dark hair. The Medici boots lay in a limp and bloody heap in a comer, w'here Eric had flung them. "When she awakes, I shouldn't tell her about any of this, if I were you, John." "There are things you haven't told me, Eric, aren't there? Things about--the Medici boots?" Eric looked steadily at his brother. "Yes, old fellow; and after I've told you, those boots must be destroyed. We'll burn them before this night is over. We mustn't move her now. We'll go out on the terrace--it's wet there, but the air is fresh. Did you smell--something pecu- liar?" For, as they passed the corner where the Medici boots lay slashed and bloody, Eric could have sworn that there came to him a horrid odor, fetid, hotly offensive --the odor of iniquity and ancient bloody death.