THE MEDICI BOOTS 201 noon, but he said with a queer sense of diffidence, "While you're there, John, you'd better get rid of the Medici boots. Creepy things to have around, I think." ''They'll be destroyed, all right. But Suzanne is just bound to try them on. I'll get them, though, and do as Uncle said." Eric remained on the terrace, speculat- ing somewhat on just what John and Su- zanne would do, now' that the huge for- tune of Silas Dickerson was theirs. Eric was not envious of his brother's good luck, and he was thankful for his share in old Silas' generosity. At five o'clock he entered the hall, just as Suzanne hurried in from the kitchen. She spread our her hands, laughingly. "With my own fair hands I've made individual almond tortonis for dessert. Cook thinks I'm a wronder! Each mas- terpiece in a fluted silver dish, silver candies sprinkled on the pink whipped Cream! O-oh!" She made big eyes in mode gluttony. Eric forgot, for a moment, that there ever had been another Suzanne. "You're nothing but a little girl, Suzie. You with your rhapsodies over pink whipped cream! But it's sweet of you to go to such trouble on a warm afternoon. See you and the whatever-you-call-'ems at dinner!" "They're tortonis, Eric, tortonis." Suzanne ran lightly up the stairs. Eric followed more slowly. He entered his room thinking that there were some things whidi must be explained in this house with the old museum. Twenty minutes before dinner Eric and John were on the terrace wait- ing for Suzanne. John was talkative, which was just as well, as he might have wondered at his brother's silence. Eric was torn between a desire to tell his brother his reluctant suspicions concern- ing the Medici boots and Suzanne and his inclination to leave things alone till the boots could be destroyed. He said, diffidently, "John, has Su- zanne those--those boots?" John chuckled. "Why, yes. I saw them in her room. Do you know she went down to the museum last night and took those boots? It was a light I saw in the museum. It was her light. Suzanne has ideas. Wants to wear the boots just once, she says, to lay the ghost of this what's-her-name--Maria Modena. Suzanne says she couldn't sleep much last night. Got up early and tried on those boots. Well, I think I'll destroy 'em tomorrow. Uncle's wish, so I'll do it." "Tried them on, did she? Well, if you should ask me, I'd say that history of the boots was a bit too exdting for Suzanne. It was a haunting story. Uncle must have swallowed it, hook, line, and sinker, eh?" "Of course. His letter showed that. But Suzanne lives in the present, not the past, as Uncle did. I suppose Suzanne will wear those boots, or she won't feel satisfied. I don't exactly like the idea, I must confess." Something like an electric shock passed through Eric. He said, somewhat breath- lessly, "I don't think Suzanne ought to have the Medici boots." John looked at him curiously and laughed. "I never knew you were su- perstitious, Eric. But do you really think-" "I don't know what I think, John. But if she were my wife, I'd take those boots away from her. Uncle may have known what he was talking about." "Well, I think she's intending to wear them at dinner, so prepare to be dazzled.