210 WEIRD TALES "I doubt it," grunted Conan. "That was a shrewd cut I dealt it on the stair." "Hasten! Hasten!" groaned Techotl. They ran through a series of green-lit chambers, traversed a broad hall, and halted before a giant bronze door. Techotl said: "This is Tecuhltli!" 3. The People of the Feud Techotl smote on the bronze door with his clenched hand, and then turned sidewise, so that he could watch back along the hall. "Men have been smitten down before this door, when they thought they were safe," he said. "Why don't they open the door?" asked Conan. "They are looking at us through the Eye," answered Techotl. "They are puz- zled at the sight of you." He lifted his voice and called: "Open the door, Xecel- an! It is I, Techotl, with friends from the great world beyond the forest!--They will open," he assured his allies. "They'd better do it in a hurry, then," said Conan grimly. "I hear something crawling along the floor beyond the hall." Techotl went ashy again and attacked the door with his fists, screaming: "Open, you fools, open! The Crawler is at our heels!" Even as he beat and shouted, the great bronze door swung noiselessly back, re- vealing a heavy chain across the entrance, over which spearheads bristled and fierce countenances regarded them intently for an instant. Then the chain was dropped and Techotl grasped the arms of his friends in a nervous frenzy and fairly dragged them over die threshold. A glance over his shoulder just as the door was closing showed Conan the long dim vista of the hall, and dimly framed at the other end an ophidian shape that writhed slowly and painfully into view, flowing in a dull-hued length from a chamber door, its hideous blood-stained head wagging drunkenly. Then the dos- ing door shut off the view. Inside the square chamber into which they had come heavy bolts were drawn across the door, and the chain locked into place. The door was made to stand the battering of a siege. Four men stood on guard, of the same lank-haired, dark- skinned breed as Techotl, with spears in their hands and swords at their hips. In the wall near the door there was a com- plicated contrivance of mirrors which Co- nan guessed was the Eye Techotl had mentioned, so arranged that a narrow, crystal-paned slot in the wall could be looked through from within without be- ing discernible from without. The four guardsmen stared at the strangers with wonder, but asked no question, nor did Techotl vouchsafe any information. He moved with easy confidence now, as if he had shed his cloak of indecision and fear the instant he crossed the threshold. "Come!" he urged his new-found friends, but Conan glanced toward the door. "What about those fellows who were following us? Won't they try to storm that door?" Techotl shook his head. "They know they cannot break down the Door of the Eagle. They will flee back to Xotalanc, with their crawling fiend. Come! I will take you to the rulers of Tecuhltli." One of the four guards opened the door opposite the one by which they had entered, and they passed through into a hallway which, like most of the rooms on that level, was lighted by both the slot-like skylights and the clusters of winking fire-gems. But unlike the other rooms they had traversed, this hall showed evidences of occupation. Velvet tapestries