DEATH HOLDS THE POST 231 Cranston knew that every moment was vital. Prettweg must die, no matter what the cost. Cranston looked guardedly ahead. Prettweg was just vanishing between the gates of Mechar. There was nothing to do but enter the post, and presently the shambling file of men passed through the gateway. Cranston heard the gates creak- ing shut behind him. Prettweg must die! The thought drummed through his head. For without the doctor, the elixir was harmless--it needed the directing genius of this mad brain to complete the animation barely begun by the invention of a man now long forgotten. The font of this psychic power must be wiped out. Now he stood, trapped within the walls of Mechar, he and a madman alone with a ghastly army of dead men. His companions had ceased to walk; they had stopped in their tracks, bodies wearily sagging. Cranston wondered whether Prettweg had removed that mysterious directing force. For a moment he allowed his lids to shut out the death around him, and strained his ears for the sound of motors humming in the sky. There was nothing. He looked cautiously around him. The quadrangle was cluttered with half- decayed bodies of living dead men, some of them skeletal remains of Tuaregs whose bodies had long lain exposed to the sun! They stood dumbly against the walls, they sat in doorways or on the sweltering sand, their arms dangling be- tween their legs, they leaned on the ram- parts, watching the sky through eyes des- tined soon to sink in decay into their sockets. And Cranston stood among them, isolated and alone. Prettweg came suddenly from one of the doorways. He stood before them suddenly, and again Cranston was struck with the false saintliness lent him by the sun in his hair. The mad eyes were glow- ing again as from some inner vision, and presently the old man's lips parted and he began to speak, his voice slow and gentle, almost crooning, and yet alive with gloating power. "Tomorrow, my children, we will take Surdez," he said. "There will be enough of us after that to move down the line upon post after post. This will be our country then. And afterward! I dream of what lies before us!" The madness of him spoke from all his features. Once again Cranston con- quered the desire to fire pointblank at the sinister face that seemed to hang in the arid heat of the quadrangle. For a mo- ment Prettweg scanned their dead faces, and now his gaze lingered on Cranston. Could he suspect? Cranston wondered; or had he somehow seen Cranston's reck- less movements of a few moments ago? But perhaps--more believably--he had in some way felt the mental force of an- other living mind! The thought froze Cranston with sudden fear; for surely this perceptive mind must have felt hate flowing toward him! But Prettweg turned and began to walk away. Instantly Cranston's fear broke into disorder. He whipped his revolver from its holster. But at the same instant, his dead comrades, galvanized into action by an unuttered command, flung themselves upon him. His revolver cracked, and a spurt of sand fanned into the air to show Cranston how far his bullet had gone from its mark. The Mechar and Surdez dead were upon him, grappling with him, struggling clumsily for his weapon, and others were pouring toward him from all sides. He felt their rotting arms wrapped about his limbs, felt their decay- ing fingers and the hardness of fleshless bones at his neck.