WEREWOLF OF THE SAHARA 175 does he take such enormous pains not to tell us the name of the man he's been working for?" "I've never asked him." "I haven't in so many words, of course. But I've led him up to the fence over and over again. He's steadily refused it. With good reason." "Well?" "He works for an Arab. A sheykh. A man notorious from Morocco to Cairo. His nickname's Sheykh El Afrit. The Magician! His real name is Sheykh Zura El Shabur." "And what's so earth-shaking about that?" asked Merle, patting a dark curl into place behind her ear. "He's a very--bad--hat! Black Mag- ic's no joke in this country. This Sheykh El Shabur's gone far. Too far." "I'm going to talk to Gunnar. He'll tell me. It's fantastic. Gunnar and Black Magic mdeed!" Dale watched her, amused and touched. How she loathed subtleties and mysteries and tangled situations! "She'd waltz up to a lion and pull its whiskers if anyone told her they were false. As good at concealment as a search- light." Gunnar turned from the sea as Merle walked purposefully in his direction. He stood beside her--mountain pine overshadowing a little silver birch. "H-m-m!" Dale threw away a freshly lighted cigarette and took another. "Merle and I wouldn't suggest that. More like Friar Tuck and Maid Marian." He was startled to see Gunnar suddenly leap and turn. The man looked as if he'd had a tremendous shock. He stood peer- ing across the wastelands stretching east- ward, frozen into an attitude of utmost horror. Dale ran across to Merle. She broke from his detaining hand and rushed to Gunnar's side. "What is it? What do you see? Gun- nar! Answer me, Gunnar!" His tense muscles relaxed. He sighed, and brushed a hand across his eyes and wet forehead. "He's found me. He's coming. I had hoped never-" "Who? What are you talking about?" She shook his arm in terror at his wild look and words. "He said I was free! Free! I wouldn't have come near you if I'd known he lied. Now I've brought him into your life. Merle! Forgive me!" He took her hands, kissed them franti- cally, then turned to Dale with burning haste and fairly pushed him away. "Go! Go! Go! Now--before he comes. Leave everything! Ride for your lives. He'll force me to .. . go! Go!" "Ma yarudd! What means this, Gun- nar--my servant?" The deep guttural voice seemed to come up from the bowels of the earth. The three turned as if a bomb had exploded. A figure loomed up not ten feet away. Merle stared with wide startled eyes. A minute ago the level wasteland had shown bare, deserted. How had this tall Arab approached unseen? Gunnar seemed to shrink and wither. His face was tragic. The newcomer fixed him for a long moment in silence, star- ing him down. "What means this, Gunnar, my serv- ant?" Once more the words vibrated through the still night. The Icelander made a broken ineffec- tual movement of his hands, and began to speak. His voice died away into low, vague murmurings. "For this you shall account to me later," promised the tall Arab. He strode forward. His black bur- noose rippled and swayed about him. Its