WEIRD TALES 249 fully, and swung the sledge with all my strength. It hit the wedge squarely, and a terrible scream filled the place, while the blood gushed out of the open wound, up, and over us, staining the walls and our clothes. Without hesitating, I swung again, and again, and again, while it struggled vainly to rid itself of that awful instrument of death. Another swing and the stake was driven through. The thing squirmed about in the nar- row confines of the coffin, much after the manner of a dismembered worm, and Remson proceeded to sever the head from the body, making a rather crude but ef- fectual job of it. As the final stroke of the knife cut the connection a scream issued from the mouth; and the whole corpse fell away into dust, leaving noth- ing but a wooden stake lying in a bed of bones. This finished, we dispatched the re- maining three. Simultaneously, as if struck by the same thought, we felt our throats. The slight pain was gone from mine, and the wounds had entirely disap- peared from my friend's, leaving not even a scar. I wished to place before the world the whole facts contingent upon the mystery and the solution, but Remson prevailed upon me to hold my peace. Some years later Remson died a Chris- tian death, and with him went the only confirmation of my tale. However, ten miles from the little town of Charing tliere sits an old house, forgotten these many years, and near it is a little gray crypt. Within are four coffins; and in each lies a wooden stake stained a brown- ish hue, and bearing the finger prints of the deceased Remson Holroyd. BACK COPIES Because of the many requests for back issues of Weird Tales, the publishers do their best to keep a sufficient supply on hand to meet all demands. This magazine was established early in 1923 and there has been a steady drain on the supply of back copies ever since. At present, we have the following back numbers on hand for sale: 1933 1933 1934 1935 1934 Jan. Jan. Jan. Jan. Jan. Feb. Feb. Feb. Feb. Feb. Mar. Mar. Mar. Mar. Apr. Apr. Apr. Apr. May May May June June June June June July July July July July Aug. Aug. Aug. Aug. Sept. Sept. Sept. Oct. Oct. Oct. Nov. Nov. Nov. Nov. .... Dec. Dec. Dec. Dec. These back numbers contain many fascinating stories. If you are interested in obtaining any of the back copies on this list please hurry your order because we can not guarantee that the list will be as complete as it now is within the next 30 days. The price on all back issues is 25c per copy. Mail all orders to: WEIRD TALES 840 N. Michigan Ave. Chicago, Illinois, U. S. A.