158 WEIRD TALES "Like catalepsy," sighed Gest. Kroner nodded and moistened his feverish lips. "Just like catalepsy. Only it isn't. Grays swears to that. But what it is, he can't say." Chichester fumbled in his pocket. "You two laughed at me this evening when I got worried about getting that note. You talked me down again a few minutes ago. But I'm telling you once more, I believe there's a connection. I be- lieve whoever wrote the note really has made Weems like he is--not that the note "was penned by a crank and that Weems' illness is coincidence." "Nonsense!" said Gest. "The note was cither written by a madman, or by some crook who adopted a crazy, melodramatic name." "But he predicted what happened to Weems," faltered Chichester. "And he says there will be more--much more-- enough to ruin Blue Bay for ever if we don't meet his demands-" "Nuts!" said Kroner bluntly. "Weems just got sick, that's all. Something so rare that most doctors can't spot it, but normal just the same. We can keep it quiet, and have him treated secretly by Grays. That'll stop publicity." He rapped with heavy, red knuckles on the note which Chichester had laid on the conference table. "This is a fraud, a thin- air idea of some small shot to get money out of us." He turned to the telephone to call Doc- tor Grays' suite again for a later report on Weems' condition. The other two berit near to listen. A breath of air came in the open win- dow. It stirred the note on the table, partially unfolded it. ". . . disaster and horror shall be the chief, though uninvited, guests at your opening unless you comply with my re- guest. Mathew Weems shall be only the first if you do not signify by one a. m. whether or not you will meet my de- mand. . ." The note closed as the breeze died, flipped open again so that the signature showed, flipped shut once more. The signature was: Doctor Satan! 2. The Living Dead AT TWO in the morning, two hours and a half after the odd seizure of Mathew Weems, and while Gest and Kroner and Chichester were in Doctor Grays' suite anxiously looking at the stricken man, eight people were in the sleek, small roulette room of the Blue Bay Hotel on the fourteenth floor. The eight, four men and four women, were absorbed by the wheel. Their bets were scattered over the numbered board, and some of the bets were high. The croupier, with all bets placed, spun the little ivory ball into the already spinning wheel, and all watched. At the door, a woman stood. She was tall, slen- der but voluptuously proportioned, with a face like a pale flower on her long, graceful throat. Madame Sin. She came into the room with a little smile on her red, red lips. In her taper- ing fingers was held a gold-link purse. She did not open this to buy chips, sim- ply walked to the table. There, with a smile, two men moved over a little to make a place for her. "Thank you so much," she acknowl- edged the move. Her voice was as exotically attractive as the rest of her; low, clear, a little throaty. "I am merely going to watch a little while, however. I do not intend to play." The wheel stopped. The ball came to rest in the slot marked nineteen. But the attention of those at the table was divided between it and the woman who was out- rageous enough, or had sense of humor