COMING NEXT MONTH IN THE sun the shadow tracery of the grille's symbolic pattern lay vividly out- lined on the ground. The girl gave a little gasp of delight. She dropped Smith's hand and ran forward three short steps, and plunged into the very center of that shadowy pattern on the ground. And what happened then was too incredible to believe. The pattern ran over her like a garment, curving to the curve of her body in the way all shadows do. But as she stood there striped and laced with the darkness of it, there came a queer shifting in the lines of black tracery, a subtle, inexplicable movement to one side. And with that motion she vanished. It was exactly as if that shifting had moved her out of one world into another. Smith stared stupidly at the spot from which she had disappeared. Then several things happened almost simultaneously. The zoom of an airplane broke suddenly into the quiet, a black shadow dipped low over the rooftops, and Smith, too late, realized that he stood defenseless in full view of the searching ships. There was only one way out, and that was too fantastic to put faith in, but he had no time to hesitate. With one leap he plunged full into the midst of the shadow of the tree of life. Its tracery flowed round him, molding its pattern to his body. And outside the boundaries everything executed a queer little sidewise dip and slipped in the most extraordinary manner, like an optical illusion, into quite another scene. There was no intervention of blankness. It was as if he looked through the bars of a grille upon a picture which without warning slipped sidewise, while between the bars ap- peared another scene, a curious, dim landscape, gray as if with the twilight of early evening. The air had an oddly thickened look, through which he saw the quiet trees and the flower-spangled grass of the place with a queer, unreal blending, like the landscape in a tapestry, all its outlines blurred. In the midst of this tapestried twilight the burning whiteness of the girl he had followed blazed like a flame. She had paused a few steps away and stood waiting, apparently quite sure that he would come after. . . . You cannot afford to miss this gripping tale of the planet Mars and the terrible monstrosity that called its victims to it from afar; a tale of that intrepid man of valor whose name was Northwest Smith. This fascinating novelette will be published complete in the October issue of Weird Tales: THE TREE OF LIFE By C. L. Moore -Also ISLE OF THE UNDEAD By Lloyd Arthur Eshbach A gripping, thrilling, uncanny tale about the frightful fate that befell a yachting party on the dreadful island of the living dead men. DOOM OF THE HOUSE OF DURYEA By Earl Peirce, Jr. A powerful story of stark horror, and the dreadful thing that happened in a lone cabin in the Maine woods. THE OPENER OF THE WAY By Robert Bloch A tremendous tale about the dread doom that over- took the archeologist in that forgotten tomb be- neath the desert sands of Egypt. THE LOST DOOR By Dorothy Quick An alluring but deadly horror out of past centuries menaced the life of the young American--a fasci- nating tale of a strange and eery love. October WEIRD TALES . . . Out September 1 245