192 WEIRD TALES faint. Just trotted home a bit wobbly at the knees, perhaps?" "She is obstinate, as all women are ob- stinate." The sheykh's lean hands were hidden by flowing sleeves, to Dale's dis- gust; but a muscle twitched above the high cheek-bone, and the dark fire of his eyes glowed red. "Since you desire to sacrifice yourself," the Arab turned to Merle, "Ilbrahaim shall bring you just before sundown to the house." "Any objections to my coming along?" Dale spoke as if a supper-party were un- der discussion. "My interest in magic- ceremonial-" El Shabur cut in. "You think to save her from me? Ah, do I not know of your learning, your researches, your study of occult mysteries! It will avail you noth- ing. No other cabalist has dared what I have dared. I--the High Priest of Melek Taos! Power is mine. No man clothed in flesh can stand against me." He seemed, in the dim low-ceilinged room, to fill the place with wind and darkness and the sound of beating wings. Suddenly he was gone. Like a black cloud he was gone. Dale looked after him for long tense minutes. "No man clothed in flesh," he quoted reflectively. "And there's quite a lot of clothing in my case, too." Once more the grim stone house in the outskirts of the city. The cous- ins stood before it. Ilbrahaim, who had guided them, put a hand before his face in terror. "Effendi, I go! This is an evil place." The whites of his eyes glinted between outspread fingers. "An abode of the shai- tar.s!" He turned, scuttled under a low arch- way. They heard the agitated clap-clap of his heelless slippers on hard-baked earth. Then silence closed round about them. They stood in the warm glow of ap- proaching sunset. Merle looked at the western sky and the great globe that was remorselessly bringing day to a close. Dale studied her grave, set face. He hoped against hope that she might even now turn bade. Her eyes were on the round red sun as it sank. He too stared as if hypnotized. If he could hold it--stop its slow fatal moving on . . . on. ... It was drawing Merle's life with it. It was vanishing into dark- ness and night. Merle too would vanish into darkness . . . into awful night. . . She turned and smiled at him. The glory of the sky touched her pale face with fire. Her eyes shone solemn and clear as altar lamps. He gave one last glance at the lovely earth and sky and glorious indifferent sun, then opened the low door for Merle to pass. Gunnar, in the upper room, stood by the narrow slit of his solitary window, more gaunt, more shadowy than yester- day. He saw Merle, rushed across to her, pushed her violently back across the threshold. "I will not have it! This monstrous sacrifice! Take her away--at once. Go! I refuse it. Take her away!" He thrust her back into Dale's arms, tried to close the door in their faces. Once more a faint hope cf rescuing Merle at the eleventh hour rose in Dale's mind. But the door was flung wide. El Shabur confronted them, led them into the room, imperiously motioned Gunnar aside. "Ya! Now is it too late to turn back. My hour is come. My power is upon me. Let Melek Taos claim his own!" Merle went over to Gunnar, took his hand in hers, looked up into his gray face with the same look of shining inner ex- W.T.--4