156 WEIRD TALES of a perfect body revealed as her graceful walk molded her frock against her. Many people looked at her, and then, jquestioningly, at one another. She had been registered at the hotel only since late iafternoon, but already she was an object of speculation. The register gave her name as Madame Sin, and the knowing ones had hazarded the opinion that she, and her name, were publicity features to help along with the resort opening news. Madame Sin entered the roof garden, with the assurance of one who has a table waiting, and walked along the edge of the small dance floor. She moved silently, obviously not to distract attention from the slave dance. But as she walked, eyes followed her instead of the dancer's beau- tiful moves. She passed Weems' table. With the eagerness of a man who has formed a slight acquaintance and would like to make it grow, Weems rose from his table and bowed. The woman known as Madame Sin smiled a little. She spoke to him, with her exotic dark eyes seeming to mock. Her slender hands moved rest- lessly with the gold-link purse she car- ried. Then she went on, and Weems sat down again at his table, with his eyes re- suming their contented scrutiny of the dancer's convolutions. The dancer swayed toward him, strug- gling gracefully with her symbolic chains. .Weems started to raise a glass of cham- pagne abstractedly toward his lips. He stopped, with his hand half-way up, eyes riveted on the dancer. The spotlight caught the fluid in his upraised glass and flicked out little lights in answer. The dancer whirled on. And Weems stayed as he was, staring at the spot where she had been, glass poised half-way be- tween the table and his face, like a man suddenly frozen--or gripped by an ab- rupt thought. The slave-girl whirled on. But now as she turned, she looked more often irt Weems' direction, and a small frown of bewilderment began to gather on her forehead. For Weems was not moving; strangely, somehow disquietingly, he was staying just the same. Several people caught the frequence of her glance, and turned their eyes in the same direction. There were amused smiles at the sight of the stout, wealthy man seated there with his eyes wide and unblinking, and his hand raised half-way between table and lips. But soon those who had followed the dancer's glances saw, too. Weems was holding that queer attitude too long. The dancer finished her almost com- pleted number and whirled to the dress- ing-room door. The lights went on. And now everyone near Weems was looking at him, while those farther away were standing in order to see the man. He was still sitting as he had been, as if frozen or paralyzed, with staring eyes glued to the spot where the dancer had been, and with hand half raised holding the glass. A friend got up quickly and hastened to the man's table. "Weems," he said sharply, resting his hand on the man's shoulder. Weems made no sign that he had heard, or had felt the touch. On and on he sat there, staring at nothing, hand half raised to drink. ''Weems!" Sharp and frightened the friend's voice sounded. And all on the roof garden heard it. For all were now silent, staring with gradually more terri- fied eyes at Weems. The friend passed his hand slowly, haltingly before Weems' staring eyes. And those eyes did not blink. "Weems--for God's sake--what's the matter with you?" The friend was trembling now, with