168 WEIRD TALES business letterhead. It was a carbon copy, filled with figures. And a glance told him what it was. It was a duplicate of the financial statement of the Blue Bay Development Company--that statement which was held highly confidential, and w'hich no one was supposed to have seen save the three Blue Bay officials, and a bank officer or two. Keane strode to Madame Sin's phone, and got Gest on the wire. "Gest, can you tell me if Kroner and Chichester are still out of the hotel?" Gest's voice came back promptly. "Kroner is here with me now. I guess Chichester is still at his home on Ocean Boulevard; at any rate he isn't in the hotel-" "Ascott!" Beatrice said tensely. Keane hung up and turned to her. "The woman--Madame Sin!" Beatrice said, pointing toward the still, lovely form on the chaise-longue. "I thought I saw her eyes open a little--thought I saw her look at you!" Keane's own eyes went down a bit to veil the sudden glitter in them from Beatrice. "Probably you were mistaken," he said easily. "Probably you only thought you saw her eyelids move. . . . I'm going to wind this up now, I think. You go back to your suite, and watch the time. If I'm not back here in two hours, go with the police to the home of Chichester, the treasurer of this unlucky resort develop- ment. And go fast," he added, in a tone that slowly drained the blood from Bea- trices anxious face. 5. Death's Lovely Mask Chichester's home sat on a square of lawTi between the new boulevard and the bay shore like a white jewel in the sun. It looked prosperous, prosaic, se- rene. But to Keane's eyes, at least, it seemed covered with the psychic pall that had come to be associated in his mind with the dreaded Doctor Satan. He walked toward the blandly peaceful-look- ing new home with the feeling of one who wralks tow-ard a tomb. "A feeling that might be well found- ed," he shrugged grimly, as he reached the porch. He could feel the short hair at the base of his skull stir a little as he reached the door of this place he believed tajse the latest lair of the man who was amused to call himself Doctor Satan. And it stirred still more as he tried the knob. The door was unlocked. He looked at it for several minutes. A lock wouldn't have mattered to Keane, and Satan knew that as well as Keane himself. Nevertheless, to leave the door invitingly open like this was almost too obliging! He opened the door and stepped in, bracing himself for instant attack. But no attack of any kind was forthcoming. The front hall in w^hich he found him- self was deserted. Indeed, the whole house had that curiously breathless feel* ing encountered in homes for the mo- ment untenanted. Down the hall was an open double doorway. Keane stared that way. He himself could not have told how he knew, but know he did, that beyond that doorway lay what he had come to find. He walked toward it. Behind him, the street door opened again, very slowly and cautiously. An eye wras put close to the resultant crack. The eye was dark, exotically lovely. It fastened on Keane's back. Keane stared in through the doorway. He was gazing into a library, dimmed by drawn shades. He entered it, with every nerve-end in his body silently shrieking of danger.