82 LULITA CRAWFORD PRITCHETT    Lucky, thought Puck, that this hole in the ground was here to shelter them. Then out of the tunnel billowed stifling smoke. The fire must have caught from the hill through some cave-in or old shaft and was burning the rotted mine timbers. A back draft carried deadly fumes straight to the huddled three.  Trapped! Tug hadn't come. Maybe from lack of nourishment, he'd gone to sleep at his station. Puck's plan, her fire would be the death of her and Docie, but Coke was escaping. He was springing for the truck.  "No need to shoot you now," he hissed over his shoulder. "That fire'll git you."  Just then came a shout. Tug! Tug charg- ing down the trail, yelling Docie's name. Puck tried to yell back but her throat emitted only a croak. He plunged toward the house. In the noise of crackling branches and the confusion of smoke he couldn't hear Docie's anguished scream and he didn't see the green truck till it was almost opposite him.  Crack went Coke's gun. Tug crumpled to the ground, and the snaky tongues of flame flicked toward him.  Docie would have dashed through the fire to him if Puck hadn't dragged her back, beat out the sparks in her flimsy dress, and thrown her to the earth. Puck, choking and gasping, woozy in the head, had just sense enough left to throw herself face down against the naked rock.  PUCK couldn't clear away the black fog that pressed down upon her. . . .  "She's comin' around," said a voice that sounded like Tug's. But Tug had been killed!  "Puck, blessed little Puck!" That sound- ed like Docie, crying, only Docie and she were dead!  Puck's eyes fluttered open. Heaven cer- tainly resembled Towner's sawmill. There was even Mike--and Joker! She sat up. Joker was too big a sinner to go to heaven.  "Take it easy, kid." Tug put his arm around her and Docie did too. Their faces were smoke-blackened and their eyebrows gone, but gee, they looked swell!  "I th-thought we were all d-dead," Puck sobbed.  "Pshaw, a slug in one leg ain't goin' to     cramp my style long," scoffed Tug. "Mike and the sawmill gang saved us."  "But how did Mike--"  "I'll tell you how." Mike appeared, wip- ing his red face and swearing to relieve his feelings. "You can thank that ding- danged blinkety-blanked elk. He come to the mill for more huckleberries and I seen a big singed spot on his hide. You wasn't with him. Then I looked off yonder and seen smoke. Yessir, that's one smart elk. Here Joker, come Joker! I got a nice dish of pree-serves for you."  "Coke?" shuddered Puck.  "His gas tank caught fire and exploded afore he'd gone two hundred yards," said Tug. "Blowed him to perdition."  Docie was trembling. Tug abandoned Puck and tried to put his arm around the girl's shaking shoulders. She pushed him away, her face stark.  "You won't want to touch me when I tell you. I knew they were up to something-- Coke and my stepfather--but I shut my eyes to it. I didn't have nerve enough to go to the sheriff. Coke would have killed me. And Dad promised this would be the last time he'd ever have anything to do with one of Coke's deals. I didn't know how bad it was."  "Don't, honey," begged Tug.  "Let me finish. I told you I loved Coke. It wasn't true. I've hated him ever since he dodged the draft. I knew his stripe."  "Forget all that," Tug pleaded. "I love you so much, I swear life'll be right for you from now on!"  "You can't love me after all the nasty things I said to you that time you came calling," she panted "Coke made me say them to get rid of you."  "Want you! Lord!" Roughly he gath- ered her close. "I better be askin' you, do you want a Army reject, a good-fer-nothin' feller--"  She put her hand over his mouth. "A soldier every inch," she told him, "only fighting here in the forests instead of out yonder. Yes, I want him! Oh, I do!"  "Darlin'!" Gently he bent and kissed her.  Kissing, decided Puck, was one thing didn't seem to need any practice. Looked like Tug would never have to eat any more rock soup. It'd be duck soup from now on!