36 ELSA BARKER   In the saddle almost constantly the next twenty-four hours, Walt Carmack was re- paid for the almost constant pain in his wounded leg by learning, as he had never fully realized it before, the value of friend- ship and the importance in the range coun- try of a reputation for honesty and fair dealing.  Stopping alike at humble homestead shacks and big ranch spreads, he found them all ready to lend the last cent of their savings to help old Lucky Jim Sanderson out of a jam--from the poor nester on the Rio Fritos who took a dollar and twenty cents out of an old baking powder can and offered it to him, to old Johann Christersen, who had the reputation of being so tight he squeaked when he walked, but who never batted an eyelash at pledging ten thousand dollars to save the Lucky Diamond Ranch of his neighbor.  Walt wrote them all down in a little black notebook and by the time he turned into his own front yard a little after midnight Fri- day, he had something over fifty thousand dollars pledged, with the chance of another fifteen or twenty thousand coming from the letters he had written to ranchers who lived too far away to reach in one day's horse- back circuit. It should be enough. At least it was, he thought, more than the land was actually worth--and probably all Lucky Jim could afford to pay.  Late as it was, there was still a light in Ford Harrell's cottage. The piano was go- ing and he stopped a minute to listen to Millie Harrell's sweet, true soprano. Out by the bunkhouse a dog barked insistently until Walt was close enough to speak to him.  He unsaddled his horse and as he turned him into the corral he heard the kitchen door of the cottage open and then close. A girl in a white dress came hurrying across the yard toward him.  "Walt?" It was Lucy McAdams' voice, soft yet with a strong undercurrent of ex- citement in it.  "What is it, Lucy?"  "Come in the house with me. I've some- thing to show you."  With, any other girl he might have been a little impatient. He was tired, and the     broken bone in his leg ached abominably from the punishment of long hours in the saddle, but he had realized for some time now that when this girl wanted anything of him she would get it one way or another. He followed her obediently.  At the kitchen door she stopped for a moment.  "You've got your gun loaded?" He nodded, and she added. "I made Ford and Millie stay up. I hoped you'd be home be- fore long."  More mystified than ever, Walt followed her across the kitchen. Millie Harrell was singing again now, but she stopped when the living-room door opened and she heard the click of Walt's crutches in the doorway.  The broad-shouldered man sitting beside her on the piano bench turned his head. Then, with a slowly whitening face, he stood up. Walt Carmack swore half under his breath in sudden surprise, then very de- liberately stood his right crutch against the wall so that his right arm hung handy to his gun.  For a long moment he and Gene Chip- man stared at each other across the width of the room, and for once the handsome banker's poise wras considerably shaken.  Ford and Millie Harrell looked from one to the other in blank astonishment.  "It looks like you and me have been run- nin' through the same cornpatch, Gene," Walt said quietly. "I sorta suspected you all the time, but that talk of yours about not ever bein' able to ride a horse had me fooled."  Gene Chipman swallowed once, then shrugged. "I haven't any idea what you're talking about," he said coolly. "I haven't been on a horse in twenty years."  Walt's smile was grim. He touched his own face that was crisscrossed with a score of thin, skin-deep scratches. On Gene Chip- man's cheeks and forehead the pattern was different, but it looked as if the same instru- ment had carved a spider-web of clean, fine cuts.  "I got these scratches runnin' through green corn the other night," Walt explained patiently, more for Ford Harrell's benefit than any other reason. "I was chasin' a murderer, but he got away--then!"