118 L. ERNENWEIN   "Get away from the fire," Rennevant warned at once, and heard a horse slide in a swerving turn.  Then, as another horse drifted into the yard, the first one went charging back into the woods, its hoof pound rapidly diminish- ing.  Rennevant peered at the oncoming bronc. The animal stopped ten yards away, breath- ing hard and letting out a nervous snort as Rennevant moved toward it.  "Easy, boy," Rennevant soothed and wondered why this riderless animal had been deliberately hazed into the yard. Then, as his eyes focused to the darkness, he saw the vague shape of something slung across the saddle--and guessed instantly what it was!  Jules Larson said worriedly, "One of them rode back into the woods."  And Jeff Cruzatte asked, "Who is it Steve?"    "Turk Gallego," Rennevant muttered, and leading the bronc into the firelight, saw that his guess had been correct.  Gallego's hands and feet were tied to opposite stirrups, his head dangling gro- tesquely. The back of his shirt was stained a reddish brown between the shoulders and there was a Border Patrol badge pinned there. Blood ran down his neck, making gruesome patterns on his loose-jawed face.  "Shot in the back!" Jules Larson ex- claimed.  Shock ran its quick course through these men; it held them in stiff astonishment.  Mrs. Larson demanded excitedly, "Who's shot in the back?"  She elbowed her way through the ring of silent men, took one brief look and turned hastily back to the Dutch ovens. "Don't look, Ruth," she warned. "It's--it's awful!"  (To be continued in the next issue)    Now is The Time To Prepare for a BRILLIANT PEACE-TIME CAREER Learn Aircraft Drafting RYAN'S NEW HOME STUDY COURSE CAN TRAIN YOU IN SPARE TIME Aviation industry leaders at Ryan have proven with tested methods of instruction chat they can and will train you thoroughly -- yet quickly, in spare time. Courses are easy to understand and do not require higher education or special experience. Get Into Essential War Work Now With a Peace Time Future The Aircraft industry needs Draftsmen and Engineers now, but more important to you, is that they will need them for years to come, for the Big Tomorrow in Avia-tion. Men who today are shoe clerks, mechanics -- men in ordinary routine jobs --will be important figures in the aircraft plants tomorrow. Why not prepare your-self for this opportunity--now is the time. WHAT TO DO Send for Free book entitled "NEW HORIZONS OF OPPORTUNITY." To save time, send coupon Air Mail. Complete Aeronautical Drafting Outfit At No Extra Cost! Included with your training, at NO EXTRA COST, is a complete Aeronautical Drafting outfit. There is nothing else to buy. The low R.A.I. tuition price covers everthing Free This valuable 24 Page Book, 60 Illustrations, Full Information and Costs   Ryan Aeronautical Institute, 862 Lindbergh Field, San Diego, California. Gentlemen: Please send me your FREE 24-page book, "NEW HORIZONS OF OPPOR-TUNITY," and full information on R.A.L. including cost of training, and Job opportunities. Name.....Age Street City.....State    Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements