I Will Train You at Home For Vital Jobs Now Open in RADIO Many Jobs Now Open Pay $50 a Week Would you like a civilian Job vital to the war effort that has a bright future after the war? Would you like to be in line for promotions iIn rank and pay if you're called into Military Service? Then get my FREE 64- page book. Find out how I train you at home to be a Radio Technician or Radio Operator! Big Demand Now For Well-Trained Radio Technicians, Operators Radio has jumped from a treat peacetime business to a booming war industry. The Radio repair business is booming because no new Radios are being made. Radio Technicians and Operators are needed--hundreds of them--for vital jobs at good waxes. Broadcasting Stations, Aviation Radio and Police Radio, and other Radio branches are scrambling for Operators and Technicians. Radio Manu- facturers. now working on Government orders for Radio equipment, employ trained men. The Government, too, needs hundreds of competent civilian and enlisted Radio men and women. Then, think of the NEW jobs that Television, Frequency Modulation, Electronics, and other Radio develop- ments will open after the war. Extra Pay In Army, Navy, Too There's a real need in Army, Navy for trained Radio men. If you have completed a course in Radio you stand a good chance of being assigned to communications work. The National Radio Institute has trained many men who now hold specialist's ratings. Over 1,700 Service Men are enrolled with N. R. I. Many Beginners Soon Make $5, $10 a Week EXTRA in Spare Time The day you enroll for my Course I start sending you EXTRA MONEY JOB SHEETS that soon show how to earn EXTRA money fixing Radios. Many make $5, $10 a week EXTRA in spare time while still learning. I send you SIX big kits of real Radio parts. You LEARN Radio funda- mentals from my Lessons--PRACTICE what you learn by building typical circuits like those illustrated on this page--PROVE what you learn by interesting tests on the circuits you build. Now Is the Time to Act! Too have a real opportunity--if you act NOW! So take the first step at once. Get my FREE 64-page book. Just mall Coupon in an envelope or paste on penny postal!--J. E. SMITH, President. Dept 4BM, National Radio Institute, Washington 9, D. C. Vital Radio Jobs Like These GO To Men I Trained $200 a Month in Own Business --"For sev- eral years I have been in business for myself making around $200 a month. I have N. R. I. to thank for my start." -- A. J. FROEHNER, 300 W. Texas Ave., Goose Creek Texas. $10 a Week in Spare Time -- "I repaired some Radios when I was on my tenth les- son. I made $600 in a year and a half, and have made an average of $10 a week -just spare time."-- JOHN JERRY, 1337 Kalamath St., Denver, Colorado. 1st Lieutenant in Sig-nal Corps--"I cannot divulge any informa- tion as to my type of work, but I can say that N. R. I. training is certainly coming in mighty handy these days."-- RICHARD W. ANDERSON. (Address omit- ted for military reasons.) Chief Operator Broadcasting Sta- tion -- "Before I completed your les- sons, I obtained my Radio Broadcast Operator's license and immediately joined station WM PC where I am now Chief Opera- tor."--HOLLIS F. HAYES, 327 Madison St., Lapeer, Michigan. You Build These and Other Radio Circuits With Kits I Supply! By the time you've conducted 60 sets of Experiments with Radio parts I supply--have made hundreds of measurements and adjustments--you'll have had valuable PRACTICAL experience. You build this SUPERHETER- ODYNE CIRCUIT containing a preselector, oscillator-mixer-first detector. i. f. stage, dlode-de- tector- a.v.c. stage, audio stage. Bring in local and distant sta- tions on this circuit. You build this MEASURING IN- STRUMENT yourself early in the Course. Use it in practical Radio work to make EXTRA money. Vacuum tube multimeter, measures A. C., D. C. and R. F. volts. D. C. currents, resistance, receiver output. Building this A. M. SIGNAL-GEN-ERATOR will give you valuable experience. Provides amplitude- modulated signals for test and ex- perimental purposes.   FREE BOOK HAS SHOWN HUNDREDS HOW TO MAKE GOOD MONEY Mr. J. E. SMITH, President, Dept. 4BM, National Radio Institute, Washington 9, D. C. Mail me FREE, without obligation, your 64-page book "Win Rich Rewards In Radio." (No Salesman will call. Please write plainly.) Name.....Age Address City.....State    Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements 1