MISDEAL 33    The cowboy reached a hand to her across the body of the wounded man.  "I told you once that you weren't very loyal to your friends. I'd like to take that back."  Lucy felt hot tears spring to her eyes. "You--you love him, don't you?" Walt asked her gently.  She raised her eyes to meet his. "In a way--I guess I'll always love him," she said slowly.  "What way, Lucy?" Walt insisted gent- ly. The girl flushed and tried to draw her hand away, but his fingers tightened and held it.  "We were going to be married."  "Were? Not are, Lucy?"  She shook her head.  "I knew he was drinking and gambling a lot, but I thought maybe he'd change after we were married. Then my father gave us a thousand dollars to buy furniture. Clark got into a poker game one night and lost it all. Somehow that was the last straw. I didn't want to marry a man I'd always have to be ashamed of--to make excuses for. I broke the engagement and came West. You know the rest."  "No wonder you didn't like my foolin' an' bettin' an' teasin'!" Walt Carmack said softly. "I've been a heel, Lucy. Shall we start over and be friends?"  She nodded. "I'd like that."  When the cowboy got up to start a fire in the rusty old iron stove in one corner of the room, she asked him: "You've been to Mexico, Walt?"  "Yes."  "Did you find your grandfather?"  He shook his head.  "He never got to the ranch down there at all. He disappeared off the train some- where between Juarez and Guzman. I couldn't find a trace of him. But I some- how don't believe he's dead. I decided I'd try working from this end a while. Clark can tell me who's back of all this--if we can get him conscious for a few minutes."  "You know eight sections of the ranch are being sold at public auction next Satur- day?"  He nodded.  "I've been keepin' track of the time all right. But that didn't seem as important     as findin' Lucky Jim. Besides, there ain't nothin' I can do about that. Or if there is, I ain't thought of it yet. I've got no way of gettin' at any of my grandfather's money. My mother and I between us could raise maybe a couple thousand dollars--which wouldn't be anywhere near enough. Who- ever wants that land bad enough to kill for it will be biddin' high!"  As they talked neither of them had no- ticed that a corner of one of the saddle blan- kets had slipped off the window. Walt set a bucket of river water on the rickety stove to heat, while Lucy laid out the medicine kit she had brought with her.  There was one great triangular chunk broken out of the window-pane. Lucy turned just in time to see the ugly snout of a sixgun poked through it, and behind it, pressed close to the window, the masked face of a man.  She dropped to her hands and knees and yelled at the cowboy. "Walt! Look out! The window!"  The sixgun spoke and Walt Carmack whirled, his own pistol clearing leather as he turned.  But already the face at the window was gone. The cowboy took one look at the man on the bed and knew when he saw the round red splotch on his temple, that there was nothing anybody could ever do now for Clark Bowles.  He looked at the girl. "You afraid to stay here by yourself?"  She was, but she was too proud to admit it. She swallowed once.  "No, I--I have my gun."  "Good girl! Blow out the light and guard the door like you did before I came. I won't be gone but a few minutes if I don't get on his trail. There's no danger!"  Outside a big, yellow ball of a moon seemed to be resting on the western horizon. In a few minutes it would be gone, but there was still light enough to see the rump of a tall grayish horse going up the rise back of the house.  Walt swung into the saddle and gave his bay the spurs. The bay was one of the strongest and fastest in the Lucky Diamond string, but the horse ahead was fast too. For what seemed to Walt long minutes he kept the distance between them even. The