A DAY OF RECKONING 45    aware of a horse coming down it--fast.  Tracy knew with fateful conviction just who that rider would be even before the rider burst into the open and pulled up his lathered mount with a startled exclama- tion.  "Where's Ruth?" demanded Davies then. His voice was as wild as his look. "I've just come from town, so I know she hasn't gone for the sheriff. If you'd made off with her and the horses. ..."  "I haven't," Tracy assured him. "But I know who has, and I don't give a damn! You won't, either, in a minute. Reach, and we'll get it over with!"  But Davies made no move to accept the challenge. He stared at Tracy, while on his face kindled a look of revulsion and disbelief. "I'd never of believed stubborn, bull-headed pride could bring anyone so low!" he said chokingly. "My God, Tracy! If you loved Ruth even a little, couldn't you see her side of it? Couldn't you un- derstand she was fightin' for a lifetime of happiness with you, not just a few weeks or months?"  Tracy could only stare dumbly. Hal made a gesture of frustration.  "She tried to explain in her letter. Didn't you understand? We took your money and sank it with mine in this place up here so you'd be forced to follow us and stay!" As Tracy continued to stare he went on patiently, "It was because of Law- ton. He tried to tell me a lot of stuff about your past one day. When he found out I knew and didn't care, he got ugly. I knew he'd wait until you were married to Ruth --had everything to lose--then he'd either expose you or try blackmail. I was afraid you'd kill him and outlaw yourself all over again.  "You wouldn't listen to me. I told Ruth in desperation. She was afraid you wouldn't listen to her either. You're ter- rible set in your ways, Tracy. So she thought of running away to force your hand. She wrote that she knew you'd be mad and hurt, but that she'd spend the rest of her life making it up to you."  Tracy said heavily, "I never got a let- ter."  "You must have! She left it on the shelf above the fire-place. ..." His voice     trailed off as though a possibility had startled him.  Tracy shook his head. "There was no letter," he reiterated. "Lawton come along, told about seeing you leave . . . laughed. ..."  "Lawton!" whispered Hal, settling back in his saddle. "He saw us go, rode to the Flying H to find out why. You were gone, so he snooped inside and took the letter. That's it. He hated you, Tracy. Said that long ago you'd busted up the sweetest set- up he'd ever had. He said he'd almost got even once--that one of your men talked when drunk and he passed what he'd heard to the sheriff." Hal shook his head dazedly.  Tracy thought he would never breathe again as the full import of the other's words droned through him. "Lawton!" he whispered. "And I met him a while ago--might have saved Ruth--but let him go because. ..."  "Because all this time you've thought that Ruth and I. . . ." Hal's voice, too, trailed off. For the first time he seemed to take in Tracy's thin cheeks, the ravages of fever and suffering upon his face. "You poor, damn fool!" he whispered huskily.  But Tracy did not hear. He was re- calling Ruth's white face and stricken eyes, remembering with slow-gathering hor- ror that he had wilfully left her in the power of the man who had conspired against them both.  There was no doubting Hal's story. It all fitted together--their lack of guilt and scorn of his vengeance-seeking; how Law- ton had known where to find them, known they would have stock that would make a trip to steal it worth while. Even now Lawton was well on his way with all three of his prizes--with Ruth, sweet and lovely, believing herself wantonly betrayed and cast aside by the man to whom she had given only love and fidelity.  Had Tracy been made of weaker stuff he would have cried aloud. As it was, he said merely, "The Wade water tower! They've a car there that'll be picked up by a train sometime tonight."  "Wade!" Hal straightened with a jerk, swung his horse's head to the north. Al- most as abruptly he halted again. "You'd better hit for town, send out the sheriff