DOUBLE TROUBLE 55    been on the brasada, too. He must have been. There wasn't any other red clay for miles around.  Swifter than light, her mind flashed back over Brade's words and actions. Brade's threats about Rance. The fierce ambition that rankled in him to be more Jarrett than the rest, to be the head of the family some day, with Julie by his side. The burning, unchecked power she'd felt in him.  She couldn't add it all up yet, but in those swift split seconds, her mind and body tensed to a decision. Even as Brade pulled trigger, she thrust herself sharply against him, spoiling his aim. His bullet went wild, and Rance flattened swiftly against the rocks below. From the MacAllister ambush, as if in answer to Brade's shot, came two others. One spanged against the rock where Rance was crouching. The second, fired by Col. MacAllister at close range, sent Tim MacAllister sprawling out on the gully floor. Julie'd seen it with her own eyes, and yet she couldn't believe it. Then the Colonel stooped swiftly and dragged Tim back, wounded in one arm. Nobody else moved a muscle.  "The Colonel shot Tim," Julie said won- deringly. "But why?"  "That's what we better find out," Gram- pa Jarrett said. "No. Wait, Brade."  And then the Colonel, a handkerchief flickering white in his fingers, came climbing up the slope. "I reckon you and I had bet- ter have a talk," he said to Grampa when he reached the top. "And somebody'd better take Brade's gun." He turned to Brade directly. "I couldn't let Tim shoot Rance, Brade. Not even if Tim was taking orders from you."  Somehow, in the hushed, bitter weari- ness of the Colonel's voice, the nightmare was ended. It released Julie and the others. She ran down the slope to Rance's side.  Brade couldn't talk; but Tim was scared, and he told them how it was. He and Brade hadn't stopped seeing each other, except openly. All the things that had gone wrong between the two families, Tim or Brade had contrived. The cut wires. The poisoned water holes.  "Brade wanted to start the fightin' up again," Tim said. "He never said exactly why. But I had to help him--he had a big     IOU of mine I couldn't pay. Threatened to put me in jail. He even gave me the idea for blockin' this stream and for lettin' Rance find out about it. He figgered it out we could catch Rance between the guns and kill him without it lookin' like a murder. He sure hated Rance. Because o' Julie, I guess. But I never meant to kill Rance. Just put a bullet in him somewheres to satisfy Brade."  "I can see why Brade'd want to kill me," Rance said later when he and Julie had ridden, almost by instinct, out to the bra- sada. "But why Jess--and what was the point to starting our folks fighting again?"  "You couldn't fool Jess about what was going on," Julie said. "He knew every- thing. He must have found out about Brade and Tim; maybe he saw them meet. I think Brade forced Jess out to the brasada at the point of the gun and shot him before Jess could tell anybody about it. Jess would have given Brade a chance to explain be- fore he told anybody else. That honesty cost him his life.  "And about the feuding--unless you knew what Brade was really like, it would sound crazy. But Brade wanted to be the head of the family when Grampa died. He and I were going to rule the Jarretts to- gether, he thought. Jesse and Jonas stood in his way. If he could get the Jarretts and the MacAlisters really in a range war, he could come out on top."  "But how about Justine's husband, Phil --that's Brade's own brother. He couldn't have meant to kill him too."  Julie sighed. "Phil's weak. He wouldn't have made a fuss about letting Brade run things. Besides, Justine's always wanted to get away, I think. Brade could have bought them out. . . . And whatever trouble there was between the families made everything just that much more impossible for us."  "He came awful close to getting what he was after," Rance said, his arm tightening around Julie's waist.  "So close it frightens me, Rance."  "But he didn't, Julie, and that's what matters. So now all you've got to do is say you'll marry me--" he smiled--"my way."  "Your way, Rance, or any way at all." And she turned her face up for him to kiss.