THE MAN WHO COULDN'T MISS 73   "Go on," said Kent grimly. "You stole from the bank."  Ronnie wet his lips. "Yes. A thousand dollars. But I swear I intended to return it as soon as I won. But I couldn't win. The best I could do was break even. The first of the month was coming and I knew there'd be a checkup. I told Syd about it, begged him to lend me the money to repay the bank. He told me that all I had to do was change an entry in the books. I don't know anything about bookkeeping and at last I--I asked him to do it for me." He paused for a moment, his face contorted with agony. "God! What a fool I was!"  "We all are at times. Go on."  "Tonight I went over to the bank and when Syd came to the back door I let him in. He had a satchel with him, but I didn't pay any attention to it at the time. The books were in a small safe and I knew the combination. I was on my knees working on it when I looked up and saw Syd stand- ing there with a gun pointed at me. He told me he was going to rob the bank and that I was to be blamed for it. He was [c]old and hard and I knew he wasn't joking. He made me lie on the floor while he took tools from the satchel and started working on the big safe. When he had planted the charge he made me light the fuse. The doors were blown open and I had to help him stuff the money into the satchel. By that time I was in so deep I had to go on with it."  "But it wasn't you, dear!" cried Ellen. "He made you do it!"  "Yes. ... He had horses outside, all saddled. He put a rope around my waist and dragged me after him. I had no gun. We came here and he tied me up back there behind the partition, and gagged me. Then he took the satchel and went outside and after a while I heard shooting and knew we'd been discovered. I--I nearly died right there."  Ellen now sat beside him, holding one of his hands tightly clasped between hers. Kent had squatted on his heels and was busy with a cigarette. Ronnie went on: "He came back in and took off the ropes and told me that we were in it together and that we'd have to get out of it together. When that lantern was shoved into the     room I knew it was the end. Then Kent ordered us to come out.  "Syd pushed a gun into my hand and said we'd make a break for it and that I was to lead the way. I was to come out shooting and if I didn't kill you he would, and me too." The boy closed his eyes and shuddered. "I know now he wanted me to be killed. He knew Kent never missed."  "He would have killed you himself in the end," said Kent harshly. "I see through it now, the whole damned clever scheme. But go on."  "You know the rest. I--I came out. Kent, I swear I didn't try to shoot you! I couldn't see you plainly and I tried to shoot every place but at you. And when you shot and missed me I knew you'd missed on purpose. I had my gun squarely on you, but I just couldn't fire. I yelled to Syd to go ahead and kill me, and then I heard him fall. The bullet that missed me had gone through the partition and killed him! When I realized that, I knew that God had directed your bullet and I felt as though the world had been lifted off my shoulders. I'll take my medicine; I'll go to jail and--"  "Quiet! They're comin'. Pull yourself together and leave everything to me." In the silence which followed they heard the thud of hoofbeats outside the shack. Kent got up.  "Don't say a word; just leave it to me. Understand?"  Ronnie nodded dumbly and Kent walked over to the lighted doorway.  Horses came clattering up and men slid from saddle to ground. "What's goin' on here?" demanded one of them. "What's the shootin' about?"  "You're too late for the party boys," Kent told them. "Ellen and Ronnie Blake are in here with me. Also one perfectly dead bank robber."  "What's that? You got one? Where is he?" They pushed by Kent and into the room, there to gaze at the stricken bandit in amazement.  "Syd Harper!" cried their spokesman. "Now that can't be! Dang it all, we left Syd behind in the Palace. Didn't we, boys?"  "Well, there he is," said Kent.