84 LUCRETIA WHITEHEAD PAYNE    this last out viciously, adding, "And you can't even take a shot at 'em, 'thout break- in' the law."  Terry had stuffed shells into the belt he buckled around him, hung his gun in the holster lying against his lean hips, and now was pulling on sheepskin coat, heavy boots, and fur cap.  "I hate you takin' the long trip into the valley, young feller," said Uncle Byron. "But don't you worry none 'bout things here on High Mesa. Bob and me can take care of everything till you get back. . . . Which hoss you ridin'?"  "I'm skiing. Down the west ridge of Black Canyon. With crust like there is on the snow now, I'll shoot down like a falling star. I'll hit the valley only a few miles from Jake Connor's ranch, and Jake'll let me have a horse to ride on to town."  Uncle Byron's "Good luck, Terry!" was blown back into his mouth as Terry slammed out of the door and faced the zero wind. It seemed to freeze his own breath in his lungs as he hit rapidly toward the gap where Black Canyon yawned down- ward from the edge of the high benchland where his Triangle T and his neighbor's Slash M lay under three feet of snow.  Winter always came early to High Mesa, and this past fall the snows had rushed in early, covering grazing land and forcing extra feeding. Yet Terry and Uncle Byron might have pulled through had not a band of elk, driven from their range by winter's severity, visited High Mesa's hay fields with disastrous results.  "We've got to get cottonseed cake," Terry had said after surveying the damage. "I'll write the firm in Cheyenne that fur- nishes the cake and order us a ton apiece. That ought to get us through O.K."  The shipment had come to the town in the valley, but Roy Beales, who was han- dling the business for Black Rock, had sent word there was none for Triangle T or Slash M. Terry had ordered a second time, and his conversation this morning with Beales had had the same import-- no cake for High Mesa. It was not a bit funny. It was so damned serious that Terry was going to find out the why of it!  He poised for an instant at the summit of the silvery slope where the trail tipped     to follow the west ridge of Black Canyon. Ahead stretched a world of white, broken only by the dark green of pines and out- croppings of the black rock which char- acterized the country. Balancing himself to the angle of the decline, Terry was an instant later skimming down the slope; at times coasting swiftly in a veil of swirling white spray; at others, riding high on drifts congealed to almost solid ice from alternate thawing and freezing.  Now he had started he could hardly get to town fast enough. How surprised Anita would be to see him! He'd be there for the Valentine Day dance. For years he and Anita had taken this festival in together. But this year Terry had given up hope of being able to do it.  At thought of Anita, the loveliest as well as the smartest girl in the world, a warm happiness swept over Terry. Although they were not exactly engaged, there was an "understanding." Anita knew that the only reason Terry hadn't asked her outright to marry him was because he wanted to feel he was firmly established as one of the countryside's successful cattle raisers be- fore he asked the richest girl in Black Rock to be his wife.  Anita Hart had inherited from her father the big Hart Mercantile Company, and ran it with unbelievable efficiency, and at a profit equal to old Tom Hart's. For as long as he could remember, whenever he had come to town with his parents Terry had played about the big store. He always thought the brightest spot and the most entrancing sound in the cavernous depths or in the shadows of great piles of mer- chandise the one where he could see Anita's red-gold curls and hear her gay, infectious laughter.  So they had grown up, seeing each other often, until in one certain blinding moment Terry had discovered that Anita had be- come the dearest thing in life. His joy when he found out that she returned his love overwhelmed him, and until this past fall there had been no shadow between them.  Their quarrel, which Terry was sure would be forgotten when they saw each other again, had occurred over Anita's in- sistence that he accept money from her to