100 L. ERNENWEIN    loaned and can't finance a holdout fight against Double D."  "What," Anne inquired, "has that to do with us? Dad tried to tell Larson's bunch six months ago what would happen. But they wouldn't help him buck Bannerman."  Matabelle sighed wearily. "I know," he muttered. "We all thought Jeff was just stirring up trouble for no good reason. We didn't believe Bannerman would try to hog the whole basin. I don't like to see range war come--but I'm not going to sit by and let Bannerman get control of our bank and everything else in this town. So I've decided to back the Pool with what- ever money is needed to fight Bannerman's bunch to a finish, no matter how long it takes. Jules Larson says his members will all swing into line with your father--if Rennevant will rod the fight against Double D."  A quick smile curved Anne's lips, but Rennevant didn't smile. He asked moodily. "Why do they want me in on the deal?"  "Because you stood off Bannerman's toughs in the saloon last night, and bluffed Red Haggin into quitting like a yellow dog this morning," Matabelle explained.  He glanced at Rennevant's tied-down holster and said slyly, "They want one gunslick on their side, somebody who knows the tricks of the trade."  A cynical grin twisted Rennevant's lips. Here it was again; the same old grudging respect for his skill with a gun, for a grisly pariah who knew the tricks of the trade. This peace-loving old merchant would never guess the price a man paid to learn those tricks. He wouldn't know how lone- some a drifting badge-toter could get, nor how many times the cold fingers of fear clawed at a gunfighter's innards when the odds stacked up.  Recalling how Jeff Cruzatte had refused Larson's advice in the saloon last night, Rennevant turned to Anne, said, "Your father told Larson he wanted no truck with the Pool bunch at all."  "But this is different," Anne exclaimed. "This is a chance to save Anvil!"  Matabelle asked, "Will you run the show, Rennevant?"  Which was a question Rennevant didn't like to answer. Siding a bankrupt old cow-     man for a couple of weeks was one thing; leading an organization in bloody range war was something quite different--some- thing a deputy marshal had no right to do. Finally he said, "Reckon I'd better talk it over with Jeff Cruzatte first."  Whereupon Anne declared, "We'll drive out to Anvil right now. I can hardly wait to tell Dad."  Afterward, when she had rented a rig at Hooligan's Livery and Rennevant had stowed his riding gear in back, Anne drove out of San Sureno at a fast trot, feeling happier than she'd felt in months.  "I'm sure Dad will join the Pool," she said. "He's called them a cowardly, no- good bunch time and again, but that was because they wouldn't fight."  "So," Rennevant mused, eyeing the country ahead with a drifter's strict atten- tion for landmarks.  Watching him, Anne tried to guess his age. Right now, with a sober straightness to his lips and his sun-puckered eyes quest- ing the slopes of Sashay Ridge, he had the mature look of a man who'd wandered a long time in many places. Yet when he grinned he looked no older than Bob, who was twenty-four.  She said softly, "A centavo for your thoughts," and watched the quick change in his eyes.  "Not worth it," he muttered, digging out his Durham sack. Then, as his fingers shaped up a cigarette with practiced skill, he told her about Rowdy.  Even though he spoke no definite word of affection for his horse, the controlled emotion in his voice showed how close a comradeship there'd been between them. Which was another link in Anne's forming chain of impressions. He loved horses; he had voiced a deep-rooted hatred for thieves, and he'd risked his life to save her father from almost certain death last night. It all added up to her first hasty, half-formed im- pression--that despite his toughness and his skill with guns, this wary-eyed rider was thoroughly honest. And perhaps a trifle lonely. . . .  "I'll pay Hallmark for taking his spite out on Rowdy," Rennevant said, "and I'll do it with my fists. Shooting is too good for that kind of snake."