LOBO LAW    Bannerman's range?" Rennevant inquired, puffing contentedly on the cigar Jeff had given him.  "Sure, where else would we drive 'em?"  "Well, I've got reason to believe they were smuggled out of Mexico," Rennevant said. "Seems like it would be easier to drive them south. That way you'd be do- ing three jobs at once; you'd be getting shut of them quicker, Bannerman would be losing them, and mebbe the rightful own- ers might get 'em back."  "By gosh, I never thought of that!" Cruzatte exclaimed, a quick smile warm- ing his faded eyes. "Also, there'd be less Double D riders messin' up our drive."  Rennevant nodded, and presently asked, "How many men in Bannerman's crew?"  "Eighteen, not counting Shumway."  The talk ran on, covering all the angles of armed conflict; how much ammunition and supplies would be needed, which men would ride with Rennevant as roving gun guards while others worked cattle; how to meet the showdown fight when it came.  "We'll have twelve men, and mebbe two- three youngsters who'll do for cow chous- in'," Cruzatte reported. "Seems like we got a real good chance of winnin'."  "A chance, anyway," Rennevant said. "But licking the Double D crew may not end the trouble. It's my hunch you could kill every rider on Bannerman's payroll and still not win."  Cruzatte didn't agree with that. "Dia- mond Dan," he declared, "is just one man. He's only as strong as his crew. Take that away from him and he's finished."  But later, when Anne sat with him on the gallery after Jeff had gone to bed, Renne- vant voiced his hunch again. "There'll be no real peace in this country until Banner- man leaves it. And I know of only one thing that would make him leave it."  "A bullet?" Anne asked softly.  "Yeah," Rennevant drawled. "A bullet between the eyes."  Then, while a full moon played hide and seek with the high-banked clouds above Sashay Ridge, they talked of other, more pleasant things--and some of it was said without the use of words....      GET INTO RADIO TELEVISION ELECTRONICS! Whether yon go into military serv- ice or remain in Civilian ranks, radio offers you the big opportunity for bigger pay, rapid promotion and substantial positions during and after the war. Radio Technicians are needed everywhere. You don't have to give up your present job to start Radio Training. National Schools of Los Angeles has developed a home plan of practical Radio Training to fit your needs, regardless of your age, education or draft status. BIG POST WAR OPPORTUNITY NO PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE NEEDED! National trained men "go places"! National men serve in critical posts with Uncle Sam's armed forces ... hold big pay positions with the great radio chains and stations . . . own and operate their own profit- able radio repair businesses! You, too, can enter this great industry--age or education na bar--no previous experience in radio needed! COMMAND ANY OF THESE JOBS RADIO EXPERT BROADCASTING AIRCRAFT-MARINE INDUSTRIAL ELECTRONICS STUDIO TECHNICIAN GOV'T. SERVICE REMANUFACTURE SHOP METHOD HOME TRAINING Every phase of your Home Training is supervised by experienced Radio instruc- tors and engineers, based on actual shop practice. You learn by doing. Step by step you build an actual set from parts we furnish. You can start to cash in on your knowledge before you finish the course. FREE SAMPLE LESSON So that you can self-demonstrate your ability to learn Radio by National's Tested Plan we will send one Free Demonstration Les- son and Book of Radio Informa- tion. Mail Coupon today. No cost ... no obligation. NATIONAL SCHOOLS Los Angeles, California Established 1905   MAIL OPPORTUNITY COUPON FOR QUICK ACTION National Schools, Dept. 2-NSR 4000 S. Figueroa, Los Angeles, Calif. (Mail in envelope or paste on penny postal.) Mail me FREE, without obligation, one Lesson and Oppor-tunity Book, with full details about how I can become a Radio Techincian. Name.....Age Address City.....State     Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements 113