68 PAUL EVAN LEHMAN   "Never mind that! Go away. Don't come back. Please, Kent!"  He regarded her steadily. "I can't. I've got to finish the thing this time. The thought of it sickens me, but I've got to go on with it."  She turned despairingly and went back into the house, and he continued on his way. At the end of the street he entered a little saloon and sat there until five min- utes of twelve. Men came in, drank and went out again without saying a word. When he got up to go the place was de- serted except for the bartender.  Once on the street the sickness van- ished and that warm, comfortable glow stole over him. He felt relaxed, rested. He looked down the street. It was deserted but he knew that men watched from be- hind door and window. Then he saw a man come out of the Palace and glance about him, and even at the distance he recognized the marshal. He started towards him.  The marshal saw him coming but made no move for a full minute. Kent saw him glance in his direction several times, then shift his gaze to a spot diagonally across the street. Finally he began moving towards Kent. He walked slowly as though gauging the distance between them, and once more glanced across the street.  Kent read the look aright and felt anger stir within him. This was to be another crooked deal. His eyes, without seeming to do so, picked out the spot at which the marshal had glanced and saw the dark- ened doorway and the vague shape three or four feet beyond it. His mind stirred ac- tively. This was a new angle. Which would make the first move?  The distance between them closed to fifty feet and Kent was nearly opposite the dark doorway. The marshal spoke loudly. "I gave you fair warnin', Bradford. You asked for it. Draw your iron, feller!"  Kent knew then. The marshal was to hold his attention. . . .  Never had his draw been so swift, never his subsequent action so deft and sure. That mathematical mind of his had calcu- lated everything. As his gun leaped out his left foot struck the ground and he pivoted an exact eighty degrees and fired.     And echoing the shot came another from the doorway, the lead gouging dirt from the middle of the road. Stumbling from the opening came a man to fall to his knees on the sidewalk, the gun in his hand only half raised.  Even before he emerged Kent pivoted again, his arm sweeping around with his turning body. Again the gun roared and the marshal, his Colt half out of its holster, gave a choking gasp and dropped the weapon, then sank to the ground as his shattered leg gave beneath him.  A quick leap took Kent to the front of a building where he crouched, waiting. For a few seconds there was no movement. Then a man came out of a store, both hands raised, and hurried to the side of the man on the opposite walk. Others came out, all with their hands in plain sight. The mar- shal lay on his back, groaning, and as though he had anticipated an emergency the town's doctor came running, black bag in hand.  Kent holstered his gun and walked up to the stricken marshal. A man was cut- ting away the leg of his trousers.  "You better tell Syd Harper to do his own chores after this," he told the man. "Outside of your playin' tool for him I got nothin' against you. Let this thing end right here."  He went to the hotel for dinner, noticing on the way a change in the attitude of the men he met. They nodded or spoke to him now, not trying to hide the respect they felt. At heart no man relishes a raw deal, and that this had been one was plain to all who had witnessed the encounter.  Although Kent went out of his way to look for him, he did not find Syd Harper until that night when he visited the Palace. Syd was seated in his office as was his custom, and Kent rounded the bar and spoke through the doorway. "The next time you try somethin' like that, Harper, I'm servin' notice that I'll hunt you down and finish what I started at Elkhorn. That's flat and final."  He went to a corner and found a chair, determined to put an end to Ronnie's gambling if he had to do it by force. But the hours slipped by without the boy put- ting in appearance, and shortly after mid-