98 L. ERNENWEIN    pulled it open, Doc Dineen exclaimed, "The darn fool is fixing to roll a ciga- rette!"  Anne didn't speak, and for a moment she didn't breath. She just stood there watch- ing Red Haggin's right hand, expecting to see it flash up with a blasting gun. For a seemingly endless interval while Haggin stood like a crouched statue, the street be- came so quiet that Anne could hear the murmur of voices in Bob's room upstairs. Someone came along the hall, started down the stairs. . . .  Then Rennevant called proddingly, "Come on, come on. Play or pass!"  Red Haggin passed. He sidestepped to the batwings and backed through them like a clown leaving a stage. Whereupon Anne sighed and smiled and, turning toward the stairway, saw Pete Modesto looking pale and sick as he always looked in the morn- ing. The old gambler went out and crossed the street, scarcely noticing Rennevant. Down at the livery stable Hooligan slapped his knee with the steel hook which served him for a right hand, and wincing at the impact, blurted, "The redhead turned tail, bejasus!"  A few doors up the street a mystified barber stood goggle-eyed. Over in the mer- cantile doorway Mayor Matabelle loosed a gasp of utter astonishment and Jules Lar- son exclaimed, "There's the man we need, John--a professional gunman!"  Doc Dineen came out of the hotel and peered over his glasses at Rennevant. "That was Kettledrum Basin's bad boy you were talking to." he said. "Nobody here- abouts ever talked to Red like that before and got away with it."  Rennevant chuckled, and going into the hotel, found Anne waiting for him in the lobby.  She said smilingly, "You play rough, don't you, Steve Rennevant?"  Again, as last night, confusion disrupted the orderly run of Rennevant's thoughts. But he managed to ask, "How's your brother this morning?"  "Bob is going to live," she declared hap- pily. "Even Doc Dineen agrees with me now." Then she said, "Dad tells me you turned down his offer of a job."  "Yes," Rennevant acknowledged, and     decided that her eyes were dark hazel. "I've got other plans."  She asked, "Wouldn't your plans per- mit you to ride for Dad until my brother gets well enough to ride?"  "Well, not exactly," Rennevant mut- tered. "I'm sorry for your father, being in such a fix. But--well, you see ma'am, my gun isn't for hire."  "I know you're not a professional gun- hawk," she said quickly.  "How would you know that?" Renne- vant asked, and saw embarrassment put a rose stain in her cheeks.  "I--I sensed it last night when you stood in the hall," she said in a hushed, con- fessional voice. "I don't know what you are, Steve Rennevant, but you're no hired killer. I'm sure of that."  Something in the words, and the way she said them, put a high flare of satisfac- tion into Rennevant. For upwards of five years men had called him a merciless killer, a tin-star slug-slammer without mercy or tolerance. They'd given his gun skill grudging respect, but they'd shunned him as a man apart from other men. Yet this warm-eyed girl was saying she knew he was something more than a grisly pariah!  And she was plucking at his sleeve, say- ing softly, urgently, "Won't you give us a hand, for just a little while? We've got to chouse Bannerman's cattle off our grass before they eat up our winter graze, and we've got to rebuild five miles of drift fence."  Even then, with the sense of her fingers on his arm stirring his pulse to faster rhythm, Rennevant had no intention of granting her request. Hell, a man couldn't let a girl's soft words and glowing eyes interfere with duty--even though she'd saved him from Haggin's sneak play a few minutes ago. Then abruptly it occurred to him that he wouldn't be leaving this country for at least two weeks, perhaps longer. If he remained here without work- ing someone might suspect he was a badge- toter and spoil his chance of corralling the Hallmark gang.  Anne spoke again, still in that low, con- fessing tone. "I never was really afraid in my life until last night when Dad went into the Border Belle," she said. "I'd never