L. ERNENWEIN    DRAFTSMEN NEEDED Now Industry is clamoring for more draftsmen for the job can't start until plans are drawn. Buildings, airplanes, machines, guns, tanks, bridges, all start of on the draft-ing board, so it's no wonder that every good draftsman has a fine job. Yes, more draftsmen are needed NOW. The pay is good and the opportunities for advancement great. Learn at Home in Spare Time Begin now to turn spare hours into money. Be a draftsman, the connecting link between a mechanic and an engineer. Enjoy the wonderful opportunities for promotion that exist now. No experience or artistic talent is needed. You don't have to leave your present job while learning. Use spare time.   American School, Dept. DD239, Drexel Av., at 58 St., Chicago 37,Ill. Gentlemen: Send me FREE information covering special training in subjects checked below. No obligation on my part. Drafting and Designs for men and women Cost Accounting for Manufacturing Architecture and Buliding Automotive Engineering Business Management Electrical Engineering Diesel Engineering High School Course Plastics Mechanical Engineering Aviation Radio Shipbuilding Name Address     New Facts On Chronic Ailments Free Book- Explains Dangers of Piles-Colon Trouble Headache Nervousness Stomach Condition Low Vitality Liver and Kindey Disturbances Constipation Fistula Rectal Abscess Arthritis Rhematism Anemia Prostatic Symptoms Heart Palpitation Backache Physical Weakness Colon Trouble Piles (Hemorrhcids) Sciatic Pains 40 page FREE BOOK explains the causes and effects of these ailments. Write today- Thornton &amp; Minor Clinic, Suite C-202, 926 McGee St., Kansas City, Mo.   Used Correspondence Courses Complete home-study courses and self-instruction books, slightly used. Sold, rented, exchanged. All subjects. Satisfaction guaranteed. Cash paid for used courses. Full de-tails and 84-page illustrated bar-gain catalog FREE. Write today! Nelson Co. 321 S. Wabash Dept. 226 Chicago   Learn to play the Hawaiian Guitar the Hawaiian way. Surprise and entertain your friends. Our simple method makes learning to play music as fascinating as a game. Shows you in pictures how to do it. Previous musical training unnecessary. Earn while learning by new plan. You pay for lessons as they are received. Write today for free infor-mation. A postcard will do. (Fine guitars supplied $7.50 and up.) 25c Per Lesson Hawaiian Guitar Instruction P.O. Box 163, Dept. K-42, Maywood, Ill.       and I want to get the deadwood on him this time."  Then he added, "You better make some tracks muy pronto, friend. Red and Shum- way aren't far off."  Rennevant nodded. There were some questions he wanted to ask this man, but there wasn't time for it now. "Good luck," he said, and riding on through the trees, heard Gallego's bronc go up the slope at a lunging run. Turk, he reflected, would need a lot of luck to stay alive in this deal. . . .  Afterward, as Rennevant crossed a val- ley with good graze in its bottom, he saw a big bunch of Mexican steers mixed with slat-ribbed Anvil cows and scrawny calves. Keeping tab, he tallied five Double D brands for every Anvil, that ratio diminish- ing somewhat as he rode farther south. But three to one--even two to one--spelled eventual disaster for Cruzatte. who needed every blade of grass to nourish his drouth famished stock. One month of overcrowd- ing would ravage this range.  No wonder old Jeff had gone loco in San Sureno last night. Without a crew to push Bannerman's cattle back, he'd faced sure ruin. And although the Homestead Hills outfits faced the same fate, they had re- fused to fight. But they were going to fight now, and Rennevant was idly formulating a plan for the coming conflict when he topped a bluff some three miles north of Anvil.  Here he halted, having his first clear view of Cruzatte's home quarters, seeing a spacious, L-shaped 'dobe house with its gallery facing east. A bunkhouse, several sheds and an array of corrals were sep- arated from the main building by a triangu- lar compound. A huge cottonwood obscured one end of the gallery, and twin rows of pepper trees bordered the roadway that skirted a windmill tank on the south side of the house.  It was, Rennevant reflected, a fitting home for a saddle-warped old pioneer. A cow country palace to be proud of; a hard- won heritage to protect against the designs of greedy men. And because he'd been homeless as a stray dog for five rough-and-   110 Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements