76 LULITA CRAWFORD PRITCHETT   Mike threw the broom at his visitors, followed by the mop and a shower of stove wood. Joker skipped out of the way with a flirt of his impudent tail. Puck poked her head around the corner of the house and bargained: "No pie, no newspaper! And there's printed letters from the soldier boys."  Mike's wrinkled potato of a face sharp- ened eagerly. Puck knew she had him. Mike felt a fierce and fatherly interest in every Kettle Creek puncher who had hung up his spurs and gone to war. He would have mortgaged his hope of heaven to have been there with them. Ungraciously, he conceded the pie. "But I'll do the cuttin'," he warned, settling himself on his bench in the shade, "when I've found out if Long- horn Jones has shot down any more Jerrys and if Tex and Pieface and Shorty has got them measly slant-eyed coyotes on the run. And mind--no monkey shines!"  Puck had no slightest intention of get- ting into trouble today. Every time she sneezed or took a deep breath she hurt. Darn the bronc that had pitched her into the fence and busted her rib! All summer she'd been doing a man's work, riding fence, running the sweep rake, branding calves and, when Rip was not around, breaking horses. She hadn't been doing so bad either till she'd forked that wall-eyed pinto. Rip had taped her up, scolded her with a twinkle in his eye, and ordered her to ride herd on the cook shack till she mended.  If there was anything Puck hated to do it was housework. So, today, feeling the need of comfort and company, she had de- cided to visit Tug Howarth, forest ranger. One thing about Tug, he couldn't cook. Therefore she'd managed to be at Towner's sawmill at noon. She could think of noth- ing more comforting than one of Mike's huckleberry pies. But for company, big six- foot, sandy-haired Tug Howarth couldn't be beat. Besides, she had important matters to talk over with him.  She fidgeted while Mike's crooked finger traveled slowly down the columns of print. Joker and she were both dribbling at the mouth with the tantalizing steam from the pies. She kept a weather eye on the door so the elk couldn't do any damage. It never     occurred to her to watch the window. Her mind was busy with Tug.  Months ago, with the very first volun- teers, Tug had gone to war. But after a while they'd sent him home, silent, ashamed --and sick. Sciatica had come back on him and doubled him up in those damp low climates. That spring blizzard years ago was to blame. Tug had worked too hard in the snow and ice trying to save some calves, and Doc had cussed him proper. Puck could barely remember. But ever since, he'd been strong and tough as an ox--till the Army sent him home.  And now after a few weeks in the moun- tains he was disgustingly healthy again and itched to get into the fight. But the military wouldn't let him and Tug felt dis- graced and worthless. He took the hardest job he could find--guarding thousands of acres of timber which Uncle Sam was going to use for shipbuilding; and he fought fires, chopped brush, and brooded--and grew thinner and thinner.  Puck worried about him. He oughtn't to stay by himself so much. He ought to have a wife to cheer him and look after him. Puck meant to advise him this very day. All the way up the road she'd been cudgeling her brain to find some girl nice enough for him. Then, just before she turned off at the sawmill, a rattletrap truck passed her driven by Old Man Mitchell of the Blue Jay Mine. That made her think of Old Man's Mitchell's step-daughter, Docie.  Puck drew rein so sharply that Joker, who had been tagging too close to Prunes, the horse, bumped himself and in a temper turned and lashed out with his small hoofs. Puck gave herself a mental kick for hitch- ing Tug's and Docie's names together. She didn't want Tug mixed up with that Blue Jay outfit.  There was something screwy about those folks. Last spring the old man and a fellow- named Coke Blevins had bought up the claim over in that brush hollow a mile or so north, and it was rumored they were get- ting good stuff out of the tunnel. But they didn't want anything to do with other people and had big signs "Keep Out" all over their place. Old-timers loafing around Pop Haggerty's store 'lowed there'd never