THE MAN WHO COULDN'T MISS 67    The door opened and Harper appeared. Beyond him Kent could see Ronnie seated at a table nervously shuffling a deck of cards. Harper glanced towards a gaming table and nodded, and in response to the signal a man got up and went into the of- fice with him. He was the bald-headed man Kent had seen in the cook shack of the deserted mine.  He got up and went to the bar, and as the attendant pushed a bottle towards him made a casual remark. "Looks like a little game goin' on in the office. Any chance of a stranger siftin' in?"  "Not a chance in the world, cowboy. Private party."  "Seems like I know the fellow who went in last. Who is he?"  "Baldy Benson, Prospector. Great fel- low, Baldy. Used to be an actor but Uncle Tom's Cabin folded up on him last time they played Modoc and he had to go to work."  The hours passed. Long after midnight the office door opened and the three came out. Syd Harper's face was placid, Baldy Benson wore a satisfied grin, and Ronnie was tight-lipped and silent. They stopped at the bar for a final drink, and as Ronnie turned towards the door Syd gave him an encouraging slap on the shoulder. Then Syd turned and for the first time saw Kent. For a long moment the men exchanged hard stares, then Harper walked over to where Kent stood and spoke to him in a low voice.  "You ordered me out of your town and made it stick. Now I'm ordering you out of mine and I'll make that stick, too."  "You come gunnin' for me and I'll kill you," said Kent, and meant it.  Harper shrugged and walked away, and Kent went to the hotel and to bed. He got up early, had breakfast and went for a stroll about town. It was unlikely that Syd Harper was abroad this time of the morn- ing, but if he was Kent wanted him to know that he was inviting a showdown. Failing to find Harper, he entered the Sil- ver Palace. There were few men about and Kent saw through the open doorway that Syd was not in the office. He ordered a cigar and was lighting it when a big man came in, stood for a moment looking     around, then walked up to Kent and ad- dressed him.  "Your name Bradford?" Then as Kent answered in the affirmative he flipped back his coat and displayed a marshal's badge. "I've heard about you. Gunslinger ain't you?"  "I can shoot a little if I have to."  "Well, you won't have to if you move fast enough. We don't cater to killers here in Modoc. You be out of town by noon.' He spoke loud enough so that those in the room could hear.  "I've never killed a man in my life, said Kent, "but I'm willing to try it if I'm prodded. You'll have to trot out a better reason than that to run me out of town."  "You got till noon," said the marshal and turned away.  Kent puffed slowly on the cigar. So that was the way of it. Syd Harper, not having the guts to go up against him again, had set his marshal on him. Kent felt disap- pointed, cheated; Harper had slipped away from him again. The old feeling of revul- sion seized him and it occurred to him that he had not felt that way a moment before when he was searching for Harper. It was quite evident that his conscience would stand the killing of that sidewinder.  He tilted a chair against the wall and sat down. The marshal bought a drink for some friends, then went out. As he passed Bradford he said, "You better get goin'. Noon ain't far off."  When Kent finally went out he knew by the tension in the air that word of the marshal's ultimatum had spread. Men slanted furtive glances at him and he felt the stab of their stares after he had passed. The old sickness was on him again and it was an effort to walk without slouching. As he approached Ellen's cottage he saw the window curtain flutter and a moment later she came hurrying out. Her face was even more troubled than it had been.  "Kent," she said, "you're at it again. You told me you'd--"  "I know," he said wearily. "Syd ordered me out of town and I welcomed the chance to settle things with him; but he sent this marshal of his against me instead of comin' himself. I can't go now. You know why Ellen."