MISDEAL 15    "can't miss it? Look here, Walt, I ain't carin' about how to get down off this mesa right now. I'm goin' to find out why that guy opened up on us!"  "Wait a minute!" Walt laid a hand on his arm. "You find that trail like I said. There's a few trees there an' some big rocks that'll give you plenty of cover get- tin' there. But from where he is, he'll be ridin' in the open a good quarter before he gets to you. So you can wait an' pick your own range!"  "Nice an' soft for me, huh?" said Billy, sounding disappointed. "An' what you goin' to do?"  "Go back around an' block the trail we come up, of course."  "You think maybe he's forgotten how to shoot since a few minutes ago?"  "I can drop off the edge of the rim- rock right close here. There's a shelf ledge about ten, twenty feet down. I can work my way around on that."  "How you know he ain't skeedaddled while we stood here gabbin'?"  "Maybe he has, but I don't think so. He don't know just where we are now-- he don't know we ain't got rifles with us --an' he'd have to cross into the open to get to either trail. He may wait until night to try to get away, but he won't wait longer because there ain't no water up here on top."  "Want to draw straws to see which one takes which trail?"  Walt shook his head.  "This is serious, not play-actin'. Be- sides, what's the use? I always win!"  "Okay." Billy shrugged, and Walt was a little surprised that he had given in to take the comparatively safe job with so little argument.  Billy strolled over to the edge of the mesa and Walt followed. For the first ten feet the break was sheer, then the wall of the mesa sloped off a little, still too steep for a man or horse to climb, but there were occasional breaks and benches where clumps of stunted pinon and juniper grew. Billy peered over the edge.  "Think you might try goin' down here?" he asked, and suddenly before Walt could move to stop him, he jumped. He landed on his feet, fell, rolled a foot     or two and stopped against a pinon.  Walt swore, partly at the other cow- boy, but mostly at himself for not realiz- ing that was exactly the sort of thing Billy Gamel would do. Billy sat up, dusted the gravel off his hands and laughed at Walt's furious face.  "You idiot! You didn't think you could  LUCY McADAMS  work your way around here with a bullet through your head, an' one arm still in splints, did you?"  "Of course I could--an' dammit, I will! I'll toss a rope down to you an' haul you back up!"  "Like fun! You can't get me back up there until I'm ready to go! This is my turn to go huntin' while you play kitty at the gopher hole."  Billy put out a tentative foot and dug his heel in to test how solid the sloping ground was. It held. He stood up, put both hands against the wall and started inching his way sideways, kicking his heels hard into the soddy clay with every step to make solid footing. Walt swore at him again, but Billy kept going.  "Well, be careful then--you damn fool!" he growled.  Billy freed one hand from the wall long enough to hold it up over his shoulder and wag a couple of fingers in farewell.  Walt turned back away from the rim, torn now with indecision about what to do. His original plan was still a good one,