THE MAN WHO COULDN'T MISS 65    The ring of truth was in his voice, and after a moment she said, "Come in," and led the way to a little parlor and motioned to a chair. "You mean that you just hap- pened to come to Modoc?"  "Yes. But I'm glad, for you're in trou- ble."  "What do you mean?"  He made a quick gesture. "I saw it at once. Your face--your manner. Ellen, what is it?"  She turned her head and he knew she was struggling with her emotion.  "It's Ronnie, isn't it? And Syd Harper," She faced him then, her eyes flashing.  "Kent, sometimes I've wished that--that you'd--"  "Killed him?"  "No! Oh, no! I shouldn't have said that."  "Ellen, listen. Back there in Elkhorn I saw what was happening. A tenderfoot kid like Ronnie's got no right to play with a professional gambler like Syd Harper. Syd was robbin' him blind, and when I tried to reason with him he got mad at me. He just wouldn't listen."  There was comprehension in her eyes now. "And so," she said tightly, "you or- dered Syd out of town."  "Yes. When he refused to go--" Kent made a despairing gesture. "But that's over now. When he came so near to dying I made up my mind to quit gunfighting. I told myself I'd swallow insults or resent them with my fists. I came to Elkhorn that day to tell you so--and had to stand there and watch you ride away on the stage. It was hard, but I made up my mind to stick to my resolution. I knew I'd have to go somewhere where I wasn't known, and I followed you as far as Junction City. I lost you there.  "I got a job in New Mexico and was gettin' along fine until I tangled with the foreman of the outfit. I started out with my fists but had to finish with a gun. So I left there and started west for California. I rode into Modoc just in time to see you come out of the store, and I followed you here because I felt you needed me."  Her eyes warmed. "That was sweet of you, Kent. I--I think I understand a little better now. In the three months since we     left Elkhorn I've watched Ronnie start downhill without being able to do a thing about it. I've wished sometimes that I was a man and had some of that uncanny skill of yours."  "The boy's been gamblin' with Syd?"  She nodded. "And drinking, too. You see, I'm being quite frank with you. And, Kent, it's a crime. Ronnie's a good boy, and Syd got him a job right away with the bank. It's a fine position and a responsi- ble one, for the bank handles thousands of dollars buying gold and silver and ship- ping it to the mint. But if Ronnie doesn't straighten out he'll lose his job. No bank is going to keep a man who gambles and drinks."  Kent got up. "I reckon a heart-to-heart talk with Syd Harper might do some good."  "No!" She got up too and came over to where he stood. "Kent, you mustn't. This isn't Elkhorn; this is Syd's town. He owns the Silver Palace and several stores, and pays the marshal out of his own pocket. You mustn't antagonize him. Promise me you won't."  He looked down into her anxious eyes and sighed. "You win, Ellen; just like you always do. I won't cross him--until I get the goods on him. Then nothin' will stop me. Not even you, Ellen."  He left them, carrying with him the memory of her warm handclasp. Things were bad. Ronnie was teller in the bank and was gambling more money that he could afford to lose. It wasn't merely his job that was at stake, but his honesty and integrity and the pride of his sister. Get- ting Ronnie the job would make it appear as though Syd Harper were interested in the boy's welfare, but Kent knew that was- n't so or Syd would refuse to put him in the way of temptation. What then was Harper's object?  Kent went into the bank and to the tell- er's window. Ronnie was checking a de- posit slip and did not glance up at once. He, too, had aged. There was a harassed air about him that showed even above his preoccupation with his task. Growing signs of dissipation were there too.  "Hello, Ronnie," said Kent quietly.  If he had fired a gun he could not have