
THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE THE GREAT SHOW WINDOW OF AMERICA

Ever notice?

SOONER OR later most men reach a point,
in everyday matters at least, where price
is no longer all-important. They begin to
look around for "something better.” And
it is by no means an accident that just
at this point so many men turn to Fatima

 Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.

 •‘What a whale of a difference
 just a few cents make”

In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE.
THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE THE GREAT SHOW WINDOW OF AMERICA

Doeslour
Present Job

OjferYou TheseThings?

 Big Fay

Unlimited Opportunities
For Increasing Earnings
Permanent Employment
Your Own Boss
Promotion
Travel

 Don’t let the word “selling” scare you, for it is re-
 markably easy for any man of average intelligence
 to become a first class salesman. And then your
 future can be as big as you want to make it.

Salesmanship

Does!

THE majority of men are shackled down to poorly
paid positions because they are either afraid to
strike out for better things—or they condemn
themselves to a life of drudgery because of precon-
ceived notions about what they can do.

  Take salesmanship, for instance. To the vast ma-
jority, a salesman has to be “born” to his task.
Nothing could be farther from the truth. Possibly
you, think that selling is a “gift.”

 You cannot be blamed for what you think—but
you are utterly to blame if you do not investigate
as to the soundness of your thoughts. For what you
may think may be the thing that is tying you down
to deadly routine and poor pay.

 Proof That You Can Be a Master Salesman

  During the past eighteen years the National Sales-
men’s Training Association has taken men from all
walks of life and made them into producing sales-
men. There’s a statement you should investigate—
but look at a few typical examples of the thousands
of success stories in our files and literature:

  A. H. Ward, Chicago, earned better than $1,000 a
month within one year after he completed his train-
ing. Today he is an executive of Postl’s, Chicago.
J. H. Cash. Atlanta, Ga., increased his earnings from
$75 to $500 a month. P. M. Harris, a telegraph
operator, increased his earnings to $6,000 a year—
and is now a Sales Manager.

Why You Can Be Taught to Sell

  You may think it remarkable that this Association
can teach men at home during spare time to sell so
quickly and easily. But there is nothing remarkable
about it—for Salesmanship is governed by funda-
mental rules and principles. There are certain Ways
to attract attention, arouse interest and make pros-
pects act—certain ways to overcome objections, bat-
ter down prejudices, outwit competition and get
results. Once you know these secrets of master
salesmanship, you can duplicate any of the successes

this remarkable System of Salesmanship Training
has been responsible for.

Exceptional Demand for Trained Salesmen

City and traveling sales positions are open in
every line all over the country. For years thou-
sands of leading concerns have called on the N. S.
T. A. to supply them with salesmen. Employment
service is free to both employers and members.

    Free Book “Modern Salesmanship1'

 Naturally, you will want to investigate and find
 out for yourself what Salesmanship offers you, how
 it is taught by a method that gives you the equiva-
 lent of actual experience while studying, and what
 facilities are offered you by the Free Employment
 Bureau of the Association. Just mail the coupon
 below and we will promptly mail you a free copy
 of “Modern Salesmanship”—the book that has started
 thousands on the road to bigger pay.

  [ATIONAL SALESMEN!

   TRAl NIN Mg^ASSOCIATIOI

     Dept. S-76, N. S. T. A. Bldg., Chicago, 111.

     National Salesmen’s Training: Association
     Dept. S-76, N. S. T. A. Bitlg., Chicago, 111.

     Send me FREE your book “Modern Salesmanship’* and
 proof that I can become a Master Salesman.

Name.......................................................

 Address.

City.....

Age.....

                .Occupation.

In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE.
THE BLUE BOOK

KARL EDWIN HARRIMAN, Editor
DONALD KLNNICOTT, Associate Editor

Copyright, 1926, by The Consolidated Magazines Corporation (The Blue Book Magazine).

Copyright, 1926, by The Consolidated Magazines Corporation in Great Britain and the Dominions.

Cover design: Painted by Lawrence Herndon to illustrate “Go-getter Gary.”

A Captivating Short Novel
The Arnold Legacy By William Byron Mowery 50

      The man who wrote “The Loon Lake Patrol” and “Red Heritage” is at his
      best in this absorbing drama of the North Woods mining country. (Illus-
      trated by L. R. Gustavson.)

             Short Stories You Will Remember
Seven on the Red	By Joseph Blethen 24

      A quaint tale of Alaska and Tahoe Tim, by the gifted author of the Hiram
      Inkweller stories. (Illustrated by William Molt.)

A Pledge Redeemed	By Homer King Gordon 34

      Here we have a splendid story of football and of men—the best so far
      written by the author of “Landlocked Wings.” (Illustrated by Frank
      Hoban.)

On the Midnight Tide	By Carl Clausen 43

Mr. Clausen used to be a sailor himself; and in this vivid story of wild
hours at sea, he writes of what he knows. (Illustrated by L. R. Gustavson.)

The Trail of Death	By H. Bedford-] ones 73

      “Over Abbeville” presents one of the most dramatic scenes ever described
      —a battle to the death in the cabin of a London-Paris airplane. (Illus-
      trated by L. R. Gustavson.)

At Hell-gate Butte	By Bigelow Neal 89

      A remarkable story of the Bad Lands and their vanished overlord, the
      buffalo wolf—by the talented author of “Captain Jack” and “The Cloud
      King.”

Mr. X	By C. Francis Burton 98

      This unusual story of a man who went to the West to lose his past is
      memorable indeed. (Illustrated by E. R. Kirkbride.)

Free Lances in Diplomacy By Clarence Herbert New 110

     In “Cherchez la Femme” Mr. New offers a specially engaging story of
     political intrigue in Europe. (Illustrated by L. R. Gustavson.)

The Tub Plays Sheik By E. Whitman Chambers 124

The joyous tale of three motor maniacs who toured the West and
rushed in where the angels feared to tread. (Illustrated by Frank Hoban.)

THE CONSOLIDATED MAGAZINES CORPORATION, Publisher, The Blue Book Magazine,

36 South State Street, Chicago, 111.

LOUIS ECKSTEIN
President

   CHARLES M. RICHTER RALPH K. STRASSMAN
     Vice-President	__Vice-President

Office of the Advertising Director, 33 West Forty-second Street, New York City, N. Y.

R. M. PURVBS, New England Representative, 80 Boylston St., Boston.	LONDON OFFICES, 6 Henrietta St., Covent Garden, London, W.C.

Entered as second-class matter July 24, 1906, at the post office at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act of Congress of March 3,1879.
MAGAZINE

NOVEMBER, 1926

        Special Note: Each issue of The Blue Book Magazine is copyrighted. Any republication of the matter
        appearing in the magazine, either wholly or in part, is not permitted except by special authorization.

Lu Chan and the Tongs	By Lemuel De Bra 134

      A picturesque episode of Chinatown life, skillfully presented by a favorite
      Blue Book Magazine writer.

The Black Star of Narrapore

By Stephen Hopkins Orcutt 138

     This latest of these Tales of the Merchant Marine is one of the most
     fascinating of a deservedly popular series. (Illustrated by Frank Hoban.)

                   Two Powerful Serials
The Great Samarkand	By Roy Norton 7

      This, one of the most alluring novels we have ever printed, is the work
      of that real fiction genius that produced “The Unknown Mr. Kent,”
      “Drowned Gold” and “Captains Three.” (Illustrated by William Molt.)

Go-getter Gary	By Robert Ames Bennet 152

      The conclusion of this stirring Western novel by the author of “Hidden
      Trails” and “Waters of Strife” has more action to the square inch than
      any five ordinary stories. (Illustrated by L. R. Gustavson.)

                Five Stories of Real Experience
The Silent Terror	By Edgar Young 180

     The lively story of a man who went into business in Central America.

The Double Shut-out	By Don Browne 184

      The true story of a really remarkable baseball game, vividly told.

The Phantom Dog By Dr. Henry Black Burns 187

      Mystery with a large M pervades this unusual story by a man who insists
      that it’s true.

Fight Like a Man!	By Private Anonymous 190

     You’ll get some good laughs from this confession of a hungry man who
     sought food and shelter in jail.

My Buddies	By James Duffield 192

      There’s a fine spirit in this feeling chronicle of terrific adventure in the
      Great War.

        SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: $3.00 a year in advance. Canadian postage 50c per year. Foreign postage $1.00 per year.
Subscriptions are received by all newsdealers and booksellers, or may be sent direct to the Publisher. Remittances must be
made by Draft, Post Office or Express Money Order, by Registered Letter or by Postage Stamps of 2-cent denomination, and
not by check, because of exchange charges against the latter.

       IMPORTANT NOTICE: Do not subscribe for THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE through an agent unknown to you per-
sonally, or you may find yourself defrauded. Many complaints are received from people who have paid cash to some swindler,
in. which event of course, the subscription never reaches this office.

        THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE is issued on the first of the month preceding its date (November issue out October 1st),
and is for sale by all newsdealers after that time. In the event of failure to obtain copies at news-stands or on trains, a notifica-
tion to the Publisher will be appreciated.

        Advertising forms close three weeks prior to the time of issue. Advertising rates on application.

Special Notice to Writers and Artists:

Manuscripts and art material submit-
ted for publication in The Blue Book
Magazine will only be received on the
understanding that the publisher and
editors shall not be responsible for
loss or injury thereto while such man-
uscripts or art material are in the
publisher’s possession or in transit.
THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE THE GREAT SHOW WINDOW OF AMERICA

 FOR MEN who want

to become independent
in the next five years

IN CANADA, address the
Alexander Hamilton Institute,Ltd.,
C. P. R. Bldg., Toronto

    IN AUSTRALIA, the
Alexander Hamilton Institute,
11c Castlereagh Street, Sydney

 Business

 Position

IN the spring of 1931 two men will be sitting in a
down-town restaurant.

   “I wonder what’s going to happen next year,” one
of them will say. “Business is fine now—but the next
five years are going to be hard ones, and we may as
well face the facts.”

The man across the table will laugh.

   “That’s just what they said back in 1926,” he will
answer. “Remember? People were looking ahead ap-
prehensively—and see what happened! Since then there
has been the greatest growth in our history—more
business done, more fortunes made, than ever before.
They’ve certainly been five good years for me . .

He will lean back in his chair with the' easy confidence
and poise that are the hallmark of real prosperity.

The older man will sit quiet a moment and then in
a tone of infinite pathos:

“I wish I had those five years back,” he will say.

TODAY the interview quoted above is purely imaginary. But
    be assured of this—it will come true. Right now, at this
    very hour, the business men of the United States and Canada
    are dividing themselves into two groups, represented by the
    two individuals whose words are quoted. Five years from
    now there will be ten thousand such luncheons and one of
    the men will say:

               "I have got what I wanted

      And the other will answer:

              “/ wish I had those years back ”

      In which class are you putting yourself? The real difference
    between the two classes is this—one class of men hope vaguely
    to be independent sometime; the other class have convinced
    themselves that they can do it within the next five years. Do
    you believe this? Do you care enough about independence
    to give us a chance to prove it? Will you invest one single
    evening in reading a book that has put 250,000 men on the
    road to more rapid progress?

      This book costs you nothing—and for a good reason. It is
    worth only what you make it worth. It explains how for

Alexander Hamilton Institute

               Executive Training for Business Men

Send me at once the booklet, “Forging Ahead
in Business," which I may keep without charge.

Signature ........................

Please xorite plainly

  Business

Address ..........................

"Since then there has been the
greatest growth in our history—
more business done, more fortunes
made, than ever before

 more than seventeen years it has been the
 privilege of the Alexander Hamilton Institute
 to help men shorten the path to success; to
 increase their earning power; to- make them
 masters of the larger opportunities in business.

  “Forging Ahead in Business0 is a cheerful,
  helpful book. It is yours for the asking. Send
  for it. Measure yourself by it. Look clearly,
  for a few moments, into your next five years.
  Whether or not you will follow the path it
  points is a matter that you alone must decide.

- Alexander Hamilton Institute ~
701 Astor Place New York City

In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE.
THE     BLUE B 0 0   K M A G A Z I N E   
Vol. 44   NO VEM B E R 19 26       No. 1 
Away with Worries!

 H\TOU can go to bed, but can

   X you go to sleep?” observed a
 noted writer not long ago. “How
 often have business men, statesmen,
 countless members of all crafts, pro-
 fessions and trades, and women of
 every quality, cried out in vain for
 a little slumber and found only one
 restful substitute!

    “Lloyd George carried the world’s
 greatest empire through the world’s
 greatest war. But what carried
 Lloyd George through? He has re-
 cently testified that he found his
 only salvation from collapse in the
 reading of novels and short stories.

   “When the soul is worn out with
 fatigue, with the turmoil of the day
 and the anxieties of the morrow, and
 desperately in need of sleep, the
 only refuge from all these worries is
 the swiftest of all steeds, old
 winged Pegasus. He will sweep you
 far from earth and its maddening
 claims. Guide him where you will:
 through a South Sea paradise, a pal-
 ace intrigue in Europe, a country
 lane, a drab side-street, a teasing
 mystery or a blissful romance. And
 then to dreamless sleep.

   “A book is good. A magazine is
 better. For if the first story does
 not carry you off, another kind of
 story is waiting just a few pages
 beyond.”

   To be taken away from yourself,
 either at bedtime or at any other
 hour of leisure is indeed a fine thing.
 To achieve this is perhaps The Blue
 Book Magazine’s chief aim, and it
 is from this point of view that its
 stories are chosen. Fiction, as we
 see it, should not propound new
 problems or awaken old griefs. It
 should, rather, carry you away from

your own routine and your own spe-
cial vexations and cares.

  So in this issue you may leave
them while you go far away—to
share in the quest of “The Great
Samarkand” with Roy Norton, for
example, or to join in the great
mining adventure in William Byron
Mowery’s fascinating “The Arnold
Legacy.”

  And next month you may count
upon at least equal ienjoyment.
There’ll be a memorable short novel
“Fortune, Inc.,” by George F. Worts,
who wrote “The Girl in the Blue
Sarong,” and other famous stories,
and an especially worth-while epi-
sode in H. Bedford-Jones’ “Trail of
Death” series.' Lemuel De Bra will
offer a stirring cowboy adventure
“Peppermint Pete Pitches a Party;”
Calvin Ball will bring forward Ed of
the garage in the most amusing situ-
ation even he has as yet developed;
Stephen Hopkins Orcutt will have a
new thriller in his “Tales of the
Merchant Marine” and Clarence
Herbert New a fine exploit of the
Free Lances in Diplomacy. The sec-
ond of the three parts into which we
have divided Roy Norton’s “The
Great Samarkand” carries the in-
terest to a high pitch; Jay Lucas,
our hunter-author, will offer “The
Black Hound’s Story”—a unique
animal story based on the deeds
of his own cougar-dogs. And five
of our readers will tell the most re-
markable experiences of their lives.

. . . . Yes, if you want to be
carried away from your troubles,
you’ll find The Blue Book Magazine
—this month, next month or any
other month—heap good medicine.

—The Editors

5
Photo by Wide World Photos

WHEN OLD ENEMIES JOIN BATTLE

            “On the next play, the St. Andrews
          fullback made more than the two
          yards necessary for a first down.
          Again Jack was buried under a pile
          of Baden players.

           “ ‘They’re keeping at him, Kath-
         leen,’ Rodney explained, his voice
         tense. ‘They’ll try to hammer him to
         pieces.’

             ‘They can’t make him quit try-
         ing,’ she declared, confidently. ‘They
         would kill him first.’ ”

  Frontispiece to accompany “A Pledge Redeemed,” beginning on page 34

6
1 cried: “Good
heavens I It’s
the Samarkand I"

The Great Samarkand

                The swiftly moving story of the quest for the
                greatest ruby in the world, by a man who knows
                every foot of the countries covered in this novel.

          % Roy Norton

                        Illustrated by William Molt

WHEN I meditate over the history
and vicissitudes of the Samar-
kand, it always seems strange,
incongruous and extraordinary that I, John
Roberts, should have been one of those be-
ings involved in its fate, and that my own
life was thereby changed, molded, decided.
When I think of the influence it has exerted
for hundreds of years, I speculate why it
is that the evils it has wrought have been
passed down in tradition and history, while
the happiness of which it has perhaps been
the agent is all forgotten; for whatever
it may have done for others, to me it
brought ultimate and enduring content. So
I do it the justice of record.

  And adequately to prove the influence of
the Samarkand upon my life, it is neces-
sary to show that before its intrusion there-
in I could scarcely be considered a success.
Indeed, quite the reverse; for I was born
of people with ample means. My father
was a distinguished and successful archi-
tect in New York City, who endeavored
throughout my youth to mold me to follow
in his footsteps. I was given an opportu-

nity for education and made but little of it,
barely scraping through, never interested in
mathematics, engineering or structural
beauties. I was sent to the atelier of a
master in Paris, and—frivoled away my
time in the Quartier Latin. I learned noth-
ing save languages, and these I accom-
plished through no merit of hard work but
because I wras born with a gift for tongues,
and their acquisition was an absorption
rather than a directed effort. I always had
this gift, if such it may be called. I could
read, write and speak four languages be-
fore I had reached my twentieth year. In
Paris a weird fellow-student from the East
was amazed at the ease with which I ac-
quired Arabic, one of the most difficult of
languages; and a Greek girl art student
of whom I was temporarily enamored in-
sisted that there must be Grecian blood in
my veins from the speed with which I at-
tained proficiency in her tongue.

  I was no good as a real student, and par-
ticularly of architecture. I was a loafer.
My one great love of beauty was not for
sticks and bricks, but for the blaze of

7
The Great Samarkand

8

THE BLUE

jewels, their infinite shadings of colors, the
taste of their mountings, the cunning of
their cuttings, the perfection of their polish.

"THE news of my father’s death brought
me hurrying homeward, and there I
learned that, through his unfortunate specu-
lations and misplaced confidence in an as-
sociate, I had inherited nothing. Absolute-
ly nothing! That I was penniless, that my
days of leisurely dawdling were ended, that
to subsist I must work, and that regrets for
wasted opportunities were futile. I, who
knew nothing practical, tried many occu-
pations, failed in all, and finally got a situ-
ation in a little private academy teaching
languages. Nothing could have proved
more distasteful, more humdrum, or more
exasperating, because I could not under-
stand what to me were the densities of my
pupils. I couldn’t see why they made such
a fuss over what to me had been so sim-
ple, and—I was fired for continually telling
them so.

  Later I drifted into a clerkship in a
great jewel-ho,use, receiving a wage that
merely kept me alive, until by chance I at-
tracted the notice of their gem expert, an
aged and kindly man with whom I had the
audacity to dispute the matching of a stone.
Thus I blundered into his attention, and
that fortunate blunder eventually advanced
me to the position of his chief assistant.
He betrayed an inordinate and almost
senile pride in me, boasting of me as his
discovery, declaring that I had the perfect
eye and the retentive memory for size,
shape, quality and color of stones. I had
his affection. He had mine. And when he
died, and I was promoted to his place, I
grieved because of the means of promo-
tion. But for the Samarkand I might have
remained in that comfortable position to
the end of my life; for my salary was ad-
equate to my needs and desires, my work
congenial and absorbing, my superiors just
and amiable. My occasional yearnings
for travel were amply gratified by those
excursions abroad in the interests of the
firm to purchase stones. And having no
soaring ambitions, socially or financially,
I was contentedly appproaching my thirty-
fifth year when the Samarkand came into
my life.

IT was on a clear midwinter day, when

  the sun sparkled from the facets of a
new-fallen snow and the light in my private
office came brilliantly through the big win-

dows, that the head of the firm quietly en-
tered. He was followed by a man with
whose likeness ,1 was familiar through pic-
tures in the press. He is dead now, and
there is no restriction upon me; but inas-
much as he lives in memory, I shall use
other than his real name. Suffice it that
he was one of America’s wealthiest men,
whose beginnings as a millionaire originated
in successful mining-ventures in the far
West, and who had what the average man
would call “an insane hobby” for gems,
but what I should style a great- love for
worthy beauty. He bought great gems
because he loved them. His private col-
lection was reported, among the “trade,”
to be the finest in America. I had passed
upon some of its units for him; I had sought
matches for others, and his purchases
through our firm alone had been munif-
icent; but until that day I had never met
him personally.

  “Mr. Wakefield,” said my employer,
“this is our gem expert, Mr. John Rob-
erts.”

  I felt secretly pleased when our visitor
promptly extended his hand, held mine a
moment, eyed me with a sharp, searching
scrutiny through eyes that were habituated
to measuring men and said: “So you are
John Roberts, eh? Why—you are a much
younger man than I had conceived you
to be. I thought you must be old!”

  It’s a fact that until that moment I had
not thought it possible that anyone out-
side the traffic of jewels could ever have
heard of me, and I was flattered. I was
scarcely aware that the head of our firm
had turned to my assistant and said: “You
may leave us for a while. And we are not
to be disturbed.” It was when he shut my
office door and locked it that curiosity
became my dominant emotion. We seated
ourselves and Mr. Wakefield, with a strange
look on his firm, resolute and kindly face,
took from the inside pocket of his coai a
battered, worn jewel-case, from whose cor-
ners the leather had long been frayed, and
whose wooden backing was here and there
exposed. He snapped it open and said:
“I’ve come to ask you if it is possible that
this is a ruby.”

  He put before me on my desk a livid,
glowing, fascinating pool of flame that ap-
peared to snap and scintillate with joy of
the sunlight which streamed upon it,
flooded it, gave it fresh life. He seemed to
appreciate the swift reach of my hands, my
stifled exclamation of astonishment, my
BOOK MAGAZINE

temporary bewilderment. And then my eye
seized upon a peculiarity of the cutting, up-
on a very tiny break in an edge at one end,
and I cried: “Good heavens! It’s the Sam-
arkand!”

LIE had been leaning forward in his seat
A * with his hands on the edge of the table,
and nowr with an abrupt relaxation drew
a deep breath and settled back into his
chair.

  “There can be no doubt of it, you
think?” he asked, as if for confirmation, as
I carried that marvelous gem to the window
where a still stronger light crept to its very
heart, and studied it. Studied it? I’m not
certain that it wasn’t a caress! None but a
man of my calling can understand the emo-
tions evoked by such a rare jewel, such a
historical and distinguished gem, a veritable
emperor of stones. In my time I have
seen some great rubies in the collections
of Indian princes, but never before and

“I hate jewelry,
pearls and bar-
baric ornaments,”
she declared.

never again shall my eyes behold such
concentrated beauty and perfection as were
embodied in the Samarkand.

  My employer examined it, and from his
commercial soul muttered: “Three millions.
Easily worth three millions. Maybe more.
Eh, Roberts? Eh?”

  I didn’t answer him but glanced at Mr.
Wakefield, whose eyes caught mine, and in
them I read something akin to contempt
for one who could see such beauty and
consider only its monetary value. I think
I must have indulged in a smile, for I saw
a fleeting twitch around Mr. Wakefield’s
mouth and then he turned to my employer
as if answering his words and said, quietly:
“No—not three millions. Nor ten. Nor
any sum. It is not, nor ever shall be, while
I live, on the market. It would be like—
The Great Samarkand

1

like peddling a queen in a native bazaar!”

  With a gesture that was like a reverent
caress, shielding, protective, he took the
gem, gently closed the case, and replaced
it in his pocket. He stood up, buttoning
his coat as if to add to its security and then
said: “Of course you understand there
are reasons, many reasons, why I wish you
to say nothing of this, or that the Sam-
arkand is in my possession.”

  “Yes,” said my employer, “we under-
stand. It might be—ummh!—even dan-
gerous.”

  “Quite so,” Mr. Wakefield agreed. “In-
deed," I am wondering just what I should
do about it.” He stared absently at the
floor, frowning a little as if concerned with
his own thoughts, and finally said: “Well,
anyhow, I have it.”

TV/IY employer followed him out through
the door, and I fell back to my cus:
tomary tasks, which had become strangely
dull and prosaic: six rare diamonds had
to be appraised, an antique taken down
and weighed; and yet all these had been
dwarfed to rubbish, rendered insignificant,
under the influence of that brief visit of
the Samarkand.

  I hadn’t got it out of my mind when on
the next day I found in my mail a letter
in a plain envelope which I read with some
slight astonishment.

  “Dear Mr. Roberts,” it read in a small,
neat handwriting, “I would be much grati-
fied if you can (provided you have no other
appointment) come to my home on River-
side Drive this evening at nine o’clock, or
thereabouts. If this is acceptable, please
telephone my secretary so that I can keep
my evening for the purpose of our meet-
ing. Yours truly, Henry Wakefield.”

  Alive with curiosity, hoping that I should
have an opportunity of again seeing the
Samarkand and also some of his famed col-
lection of jewels, I lost no time in making
the appointment. And I rang the bell of
that huge, pretentious mansion of his just
as the distant clocks struck the hour. I
was immediately ushered inward and to a
small room that seemed, from its nature,
to be the private lounging-place of. the
millionaire. All the pretense of the house,
its surroundings, its interior furnishings
and decorations, were lacking here. The
leather chairs were deep, worn, comfortable
and almost shabby. A miner’s battered
old gold-pan hung on the wall, and close
by a pair of worn snowshoes and an old

THE BLUE

prospector’s pick. A dozen homely keep-
sakes shouted aloud that they were sou-
venirs of this man’s past and his beginnings
of fortune.

  At my entrance a girl who had been
lounging on the arm of a huge chair arose,
and I at once surmised that she must be
none other than liis niece, his sole surviv-
ing relative, who, rumor and gossip de-
clared, was the prospective heiress to his
enormous wealth. His first words con-
firmed my supposition.

  “You can stay if you wish, Mercy,” he
volunteered, and then when she hesitated
said: “This is Miss Wakefield, my niece,
Mr. Roberts. She is a daughter in all
things but one—she does not share my
enthusiasm in gems.”

   She smiled, exposing perfect white teeth
in a face that was habitually too calm, in-
tellectual, self-possessed, and her eyes
softened with a flash of amusement. She
was somewhat distinguished as a beauty,
but I thought to myself that I had seen
many others her superior.

  “Probably you, who my uncle says are
a great jewel-expert, will dislike me when
I admit that I hate stones, jewelry, pearls
and barbaric ornaments,” she declared.

  “Dislike? No. I have few dislikes, and
much recognition of the fact that each of
us differs from the rest,” I said. “I, for
instance, do not care for music, and per-
haps envy those who do.”

DUT I regarded it as remarkable that this
handsome girl, for she was little more
than that in years, was not attracted by
jewels, which seldom fail to fascinate her
sex. Wakefield sat and listened as we
talked for a few minutes. His eyes indi-
cated amusement as I defended my obses-
sion, and she thrust again and again at
what she asserted was merely an unsur-
pressed instinct of the primitive; but when
she was called from the room, he became
immediately serious. He somewhat star-
tled me with his first words.

  “Roberts,” he said, “I’m in a quandary.
I don’t know what to do. I’ve approxi-
mately stolen the Samarkand.”

  My look of astonishment was caught.
“Yes,” he said, in his serious, even
voice, “to all actualities, I’m a thief. And
I want your advice. I can trust you. I’ve
made inquiries. Moreover you and I alike
understand the love of stones—not for what
they cost, but for themselves. I was fur-
ther convinced of this yesterday from the
BOOK MAGAZINE

11

very way in which you handled the Samar-
kand. I made up my mind that you, with
your knowledge of the difficulties of my
position, your general knowledge of how
jewels are marketed, dealt with, handled,
could perhaps tell me better than anyone
else what to do.”

  “Commercially,” I objected, “I am a sim-
pleton, a failure. Had you asked the head
of our firm, Mr.—”

  “The very man I shouldn’t ask!” he ex-
claimed. “All he knows of stones is what
they cost and for what profit they should
sell. Pfaugh! To him they mean nothing
of beauty, of imagination. No, he couldn’t
understand, and therefore his advice would
foe worthless. I know that you must be
repressing a profound curiosity as to how
the Samarkand came to my hands, and
what its adventures since it was last in
the public knowledge. So I’ll tell you all
I know. It "goes back to the question that
has become commonplace, has been so
much written and talked of—namely, what
became of the crown treasures of Russia
that were in the Kremlin when the Bolshe-
viki burst loose. As you know, many of
those jewels found their way to America
through Bolshevist emissaries; but have
you heard of the trainload of valuables that
Was hurried eastward? That it disappeared
when the Japanese demanded that it should
be guarded by their own selected men when
it crossed Manchuria en route for Vladivos-
tok, to which it was destined, and that no
man of that Russian guard was ever heard
from again, nor that treasufe-train? Do
you know that strange jewels have since
been sold by Japanese, and that there is a
possibility that the gold derived from those
sales is at this moment in the Japanese
treasury?”

I TOLD him that I had heard of such
rumors, but was without definite or
credible knowledge of any kind.

   “Well,” he said, thoughtfully, “that great
ruby came to me through the hands of a
Russian on whom I took pity and have
made a sort of man-of-all-work around my
house. He is an extreme rarity, for as far
as I know, he is the sole survivor of the
Russian guard that was to protect that
treasure-train to Vladivostok. The exter-
mination was effected one night outside of
Harbin. This man, due to the fact that
the few crude sleeping berths were all oc-
cupied, had crawled beneath one, and to
that exigency owes his life. Recognizing

By Roy Norton

his helplessness when the deliberate slaugh-
ter took place, he remained in hiding. The
Japanese had to transfer the treasure to
other cars, because, as you may remember,
the Russian railways do not use a standard
gauge, whereas the Japanese do. Hence the
rolling-stock could not be switched'off at
that tragic junction, but was emptied and
afterward burned.

  “In the confusion the sole survivor of
the massacre succeeded in escaping to a
place close at hand which offered conceal-
ment. From there he witnessed the trans-
fer, and subsequent destruction of the Rus-
sian rolling-stock, which was used as a
funeral pyre, a crematory, for his murdered
comrades. And then the new treasure-train
rolled off into the night toward Japan, and
he was left alone.

  “He says that he saw a case drop and
burst open while the transfer was being
made, and that after a long time he went
to that spot hoping to find anything of
value that would help him on his way; for
he had but little money. He found a heavy
gold goblet, battered and bent, which he
seized with great delight, and then the case
containing the Samarkand. He was dis-
appointed in the latter. He thought it
nothing more than a pretty and probably
valueless stone, or a specimen of finely
colored glass. He knew nothing of rubies.
He was going to throw it away, and kept it
solely because it took up little room in his
overcoat. Once, in his flight across Man-
churia, he tried to trade it for a loaf of
bread and was laughed at. But he was
lucky enough to get through to Vladivostok,
and there to get a job as stoker on a tramp
bound for Vancouver, and his superstition
led him to attribute some of his good
fortune to his piece of cut glass. So he
clung to it as a good-luck piece, and for
years he has kept it.

  “I found him one night when he was be-
ing driven from a park bench by a police-
man, took pity on him because I could see
that he was not an ordinary tramp, gave
him some change and told him to come to
my gardener the next day if he wanted to
work. He came punctually, and nothing
but his insistence got him a place, because
I had forgotten to speak to the gardener.
He proved himself so willing, so kindly and
such a handy man, that the gardener has
conceived a great liking for him. Also, this
strange exile is fond of children and formed
a great attachment for the gardener’s child,
a little girl.
The Great Samarkand

12

THE BLUE

  “Well, one day recently I went into my
garden at an early hour and out to the hot-
house. The little girl was in there playing
in an unused corner. Had a house laid
out with pieces of sticks, bricks and stones,
and there among the lot in a place of honor
in what she called her parlor, was the
Samarkand. You may imagine my surprise,
my excitement, and the investigation I im-
mediately instituted.

  “When I traced it down to that poor
devil of a Russian and took him to this den
to question him, he was frightened and im-
ploring. He thought he was to be accused
of theft of some sort, and in his broken
English begged me to have mercy and not
discharge him. He had no hesitancy what-
ever in telling me how he came into pos-
session of what he thought to be nothing
but a bauble. It wasn’t that which terri-
fied him, but the fact that he had found
that gold goblet and disposed of it piece-
meal. He feared that he was to be sent
back to Russia, or perhaps to Japan, for
that. What an absurd fear—what igno-
rance! But to this poor devil his jeopardy
was real—his life at stake, his content-
ment in occupation' ended. I’m convinced
he told me the truth of how he came into
possession of that priceless gem. And
whatever happens, I shall see that he is pro-
vided for in some adequate way as long
as he lives. So now I come to my own
predicament.”

LIE paused as if to assert a collection of
difficulties, put them in order and se-
quence before laying them in front of me.
For the moment he was aloof, motionless,
and absorbed in this mental occupation,
and then he smiled and shook his head
like a schoolboy caught in dereliction.

  “I’m—I’m a mighty poor lawbreaker,”
he said, and then qualified it with “—in my
later years. I uphold it for two reasons:
one that it’s right, and the other that it
pays. First, I can’t return the Samarkand
to its real owners, for they are gone—
wiped out—brutally murdered. Second,
it would be criminal to surrender it to the
gang that now rules the state from which
the ruby was stolen, because it would mere-
ly add to a treasury whose avowed pur-
pose is the debauchment of the world of
law, order and peace, as we deem these con-
ditions best served. Third, I am not going
to betray that poor devil of a Russian exile
to anybody, or any law. He has suffered
enough to give a score of men their full

share of tribulations, has escaped with his
life, is happy here, and trusts me. Fourth,
if I don’t declare the gem to the Customs
authorities, I’m virtually a thief, an abettor
of smuggling, a receiver of stolen goods.
Fifth, if I do go quietly and make my dec-
laration, I’ve got to tell how such a gem
came into my hands, admit that I’m not its
lawful owner, and—I don’t know what hap-
pens then. And lastly, I’d probably have
to part with it, and you who know I don’t
give a damn for money, and who can under-
stand a man’s actual affection for some-
thing of such superlative beauty, can there-
fore sympathize with what I called my
great predicament and possibly advise me.
You know at least what happens to gems
brought forward in similar circumstances.”

  “I don’t,” I hastily disclaimed. “Simi-
lar circumstances? I never heard of such a
case, nor anything approaching it. 1 know
of ordinary confiscations, and subsequent
governmental disposals; 1 know of the pun-
ishments for smuggling, for jewel-thieving,
of restitutions and so forth; but nothing
within my experience is applicable to this
situation. Furthermore, have you consid-
ered the possibilities of danger involved in
the possession of this stone?”

  “How?” he asked, as if for the first time
such thought had been put before him.

  “Think of the great newspaper story,
which means publicity to an exceptional ex-
tent, not confined to our country alone but
actually international in its breadth. Sup-
pose you told the entire, candid truth—
don’t you see that you lay yourself open
to the avaricious greed of the greatest
thieves in the world, as well as the deter-
mination of those from whose clutches the
Samarkand slipped to recover it by any
means at their command? Do you think a
gang of Bolshevist emissaries would hesi-
tate to murder you for it? Why, that
stone is worth more than the Cullinan
diamond, which is the largest in existence
and is the prized piece of the crown-jewel
collections of the world. You would give
five million dollars for the Samarkand, and
you are one of America’s very wealthy men,
to whom five millions doesn’t mean so
much. Think, therefore, how much that
sum, or a fifth of it, means to those whose
attention you would attract!

  “Let’s carry it further. If you would
pay five million, I haven’t a doubt that
there are rajahs in India, where rubies are
almost sacred gems, and coveted above
all others, who would pay double or treble
BOOK MAGAZINE

that sum for it. Here’s another point that
you have overlooked—Japan. If your
man’s story is true, the Japanese committed
wholesale murder for treasure, and if this
leaked, the Japanese gangsters—I don’t
say it was the government, mind you—will
consider themselves robbed of some mil-

“When the delib-
erate slaughter
took place, he re-
mained in hiding.”

lions. Some of them might try to recover.
In that event your life wouldn’t stand in
the way, and your Russian protege would
have his throat cut merely through vindic-
tiveness, or to silence a witness forever.”

  Mr. Wakefield listened judicially to all
I had to say, and then with a perplexed
frown seemed waiting for me to continue.

  “Well? What then?” he asked, leaning
forward toward me.

  “As far as I can see, there’s only one
answer. Silence—absolute! I’d never tell
another human being what you have told
me. If my conscience hurt me, I’d remit,
somehow, to the Government, for that so-
called ‘conscience fund’ concerning which
stories now and then appear, what would

be a fair payment of duties. And that
would end it, for my lifetime, at least.”

I sat and watched him as he meditated
over my advice. I wondered if that keen
mind of his, so used to the stratagems of
high finance, would find any way out of
his predicament other than the one I had
suggested. And then, when he did speak,
his words were a surprise.

  “If you cared to assume some of the
dangers attendant on such an undertaking,
I think I see one course open,” he said.
“And furthermore, you are the only man I
know whom I could trust for such a task.
Why couldn’t I give you the Samarkand,
and—”

  “Give me the Samarkand?” I blurted in
astonishment.

  “Yes. It was smuggled into this country,
so it shouldn’t be difficult to smuggle it into
another. You would then return'with it,
openly declare it, pay the Customs duty
on it, and afterward sell it to me.” His
eyes twinkled as he leaned back in his seat
and awaited my reply.

13
The Great Samarkand

  It was such an amazing proposition that
my mind raced over the possibilities pre-
sented. How could I account for its pos-
session? What reasonable story could I tell
for its acquisition? What might follow
thereafter if either Bolshevist stratagems,
or Japanese cunning, evolved plots to prove
me a thief and recover the coveted prop-
erty? Was there danger in merely carrying
it across the ocean to Holland, or some
place in the near East and then returning
with it? The latter seemed improbable if
its secrets were known thus far to but three
men, one a poor devil of a Russian whose
vital interests necessitated secrecy, the other
this distinguished millionaire who was fas-
cinated by sheer beauty, and myself, who
was too inconspicuous to be a suspect.

  My thoughts were interrupted by Mr.
Wakefield, who said: “See here. I don’t
wish you to take snap judgment on this.
Consider it for a few days before you give
me an answer. You may think of some ob-
stacle that I’ve not foreseen. You may—”

  He hadn’t time to conclude. The door
opened, and his niece came in with a po-
lite sentence that she hoped she didn’t in-
trude. Personally I thought she did. But
I was relieved to have a legitimate excuse
in the lateness of the hour for making my
departure, and remember that I walked
homeward in something like a maze of
thought, wondering whither and how far an
acceptance of this mission might lead me.

CHAPTER II

FT impresses me as extraordinary, in ret-
rospect, that during the following night
and day I found so many objections to the
proposed undertaking. My sole excuse for
hesitancy is that I was contented with my
life in its placid occupations and its pleas-
ant certainties. I was loath to leave a
position that was in itself a pleasure.
Travel had lost its charms. The assump-
tion of such responsibility was great, and
there was always the chance of my being
involved in a somewhat embarrassing posi-
tion if I were called upon to justify my
title to the incomparable jewel. Could I
have gone openly to my employers, revealed
my mission and asked for a few weeks’
leave of'absence, the situation would have
been simplified; but from this recourse I
was debarred by the very circumstances
and conditions in which Mr. Wakefield
found himself.

THE BLUE

14

  And all these cogitations I voiced when,
on the third night, I revisited him. My
mind was nearly fixed upon refusal. He
swept away my objections as chaff is blown
by a gale. My position with the firm?
Nonsense! He would give me five hundred
thousand dollars for carrying his business
through to successful termination. Work?
There would be no further need for me to
work. Gems? Did I wish to keep in con-
tact with gems, I could thereafter be his
special commissioner. Money? No ex-
pense-account I might run would be of im-
portance to him. Possibilities of danger?
There could be none.

  I went from his house that night com-
mitted to the undertaking and regarding
myself as one who had accidentally rubbed
the lamp of fortune. I was astounded by
the generosity of his offer, not stopping
to consider that after all payments, he
would still have come into undisputed title
and possession of the Samarkand for com-
paratively nothing. He intended to set
aside a quarter of a million for the Russian
which—heaven knows!—that individual
couldn’t spend and wouldn’t know what to
do with. Add to this a half-million for me,
my outlay, his payments to the Customs,
and he would still be an enormous gainer
by his transaction. But to be fair to his
memory, I am convinced that this side of
the situation never crossed his mind. It
was the gem he wanted.

  My employers were astonished and quite
frankly despondent when I tendered them
my resignation. It had never been in my
mind that they so highly regarded me, or
that they esteemed my services irreplace-
able. I tried to convince them that my
chief assistant was competent, but they'in-
sisted that he had not my genius for re-
membering colors. I had no legitimate ex-
cuse to offer for my desertion save that
there were certain private reasons why I
must go abroad.

  They offered me a vacation; but I, hav-
ing in view an easily earned fee of half a
million dollars, didn’t consider it fair to
promise to resume work. They then in-
sisted that my separation from the firm
should not be irrevocable until after my re-
turn; and I, fearing that this connection
might involve them in a scandal if things
went wrong, had to decline; but I finally
consented to make certain purchases for
them which were in the order-books and
that would necessitate my going to Am-
sterdam, that jewel mart of Europe. I
BOOK MAGAZINE

15

By Roy Norton

did this because it would serve as an excuse
for my presence abroad, in case anyone be-
came inquisitive. Furthermore, an open
visit to Amsterdam might assist me to ac-
count for my possession of the jewel in
the possible event of my being brought be-
fore a court of inquiry. Yet I suffered the
pangs of reluctance and doubt on the day
when, for the last time, I closed the desk
that had so long and so happily been mine,
and turned the keys over to my successor.

  There are a lot of misconceptions regard-
ing the jeopardies of the gem experts. It
is a current fiction that they customarily
travel loaded down with jewels over which
they pass sleepless hours of care and
watchfulness, that they are in constant
fear of thieves or in peril of their lives, that
their calling is hazardous and dangerous.
But as a matter of fact the usual method
is to make purchases, carefully list and seal
them, entrust them to the care of the great
express or shipping companies, and ade-
quately insure them and their delivery.
There isn’t a reputable jewel-house in
America that makes the slightest attempt to
evade the Customs. There is not to my
personal knowledge a gem-buyer for any of
the great and dignified firms in America
who ever crossed the Atlantic with other
than his personal, intimate articles of
jewelry on his person. A thief who robbed
any of the great gem-experts in transit as
a rule couldn’t pay from the proceeds the
price of his passage. So, ordinarily, I
should have “shipped” the Samarkand to
Amsterdam. The necessity for secrecy,
once it had been entrusted to my care, was
the cause of my first distress. I couldn’t
follow the routine. I couldn’t neglect its
protection. I couldn’t evade, a responsibil-
ity which was magnified because Mr. Wake-
field had so implicitly, so confidently, en-
trusted me. I was the confidant of his per-
plexities, his desires and his objectives, as
well as the guardian of the world’s great-
est gem. Hence that worn leather case,
sewed inside my underwear, felt mon-
strous and malignant on the day when
land vanished from the westerly view, and
the screws of the steamer that bore me took
on the persistent, busy speed that they
would maintain for the voyage.

'"TO the veteran voyageur all trips across
A the Atlantic are monotonous and dull,
particularly in the season when tourists
and pleasure-seekers are few. The first
class was not by any means fully booked,

and the second appeared scarcely more oc-
cupied. At my table there were but five
other passengers, two of them commercial
agents, two of Hebraic origin, and the fifth
a Japanese student making his first trip
abroad. The Jews were en route for the
new Mecca of their race, Telaviv, in Pales-
tine, where they proposed to go into the
clothing business; and the Japanese was
frankly going abroad to study European
trade-conditions, hoping to profit thereby.
To me he was the most interesting of my
fellow-passengers. On the second day out
he gravely distributed his card, badly
printed, “Takiyamo Fungeri, Tokyo, Stu-
dant.”

  He seemed to be untraveled and ingen-
uous but observant, and having learned
from the ship’s doctor that I crossed nearly
every year, shyly attached himself to me in
the role of questioner. He spoke fairly good
English, but much better French, having,
as he explained, methodically studied the
latter language for three years for the pur-
poses of this visit. He seemed to accept
me as a living “traveler’s guide,” and made
innumerable inquiries as to hotels that
might suit his purse, trains, railways and
routes. He amused me, particularly with
his American impressions chiefly gained, as
he admitted, from a stay—his longest in
one city, by the way—of seven days in
New York. It was astonishing, however,
what a complete superficial knowledge he
had of the latter city, and I eould but ad-
mire his thoroughness. I was also secretly
amused at the naivete with which he told
me he was going first to Amsterdam to
observe the diamond-cutting industry, learn
how it was done, and compare it with the
methods in his own country, and that he
thought two days would suffice. Two days
for a subject in which an apprentice learns
but the rudiments in two years!

  On my previous trips to Amsterdam I
had always patronized the Ristoria Hotel,
but this time I hesitated, for to its staff
I was known as a somewhat prominent
jewel-expert. At first I questioned whether
it might not be best to avoid places where
I was known. Then cjtme the thought that
if I were eventually driven to account for
my movements, the more openly I moved,
the better. Hence, after wavering, I went
to the Ristoria.

  This hoteL has a most peculiar feature
in its interior decorations of the upper
floors. The hallways are, or at least then
were, wainscoated uniformly in plain Jap-
The Great Samarkand

16

By Roy Norton

anese mattlflg and paneled with a uniform
imitation of bamboo. The numbers above
the doors are small, and on a gloomy day
almost indistinguishable, making it difficult
to identify one’s own passage. The door of
each suite when opened enters a tiny hall-
way in which there is a hand basin on the
left, a door to the right leading into a
bathroom, while directly in front is the
door into the main chamber. A peculiarity
is again disclosed in that the door for the
bathroom revolves so cunningly and eco-
nomically that it serves for both the cham-
ber and the bathroom. Hence, when the
bathroom door opens, it becomes the door
for the chamber, shutting it off entirely,
or vice versa. The bathroom door is
therefore naturally closed when one leaves
his bedchamber. It was to this peculiar
arrangement that I owed an accidental dis-
covery on the third day after my arrival in
the picturesque old city.

  I had been visiting various places filling
the commissions given me by the firm from
which I had resigned, and in the gloom of
a wintry day walked through the unlighted
hall of the hotel to my suite. In a some-
what abstracted mood, for the difficulties
of my mission were always in my mind, I
went one door too far down the corridor,
opened it and stepped in. The single door
that served both bathroom and bedcham-
ber was closed on the latter. Thinking that
this must be due to the carelessness of a
servant, I switched on the light and
opened the door in front of me. I heard a
startled exclamation, the movement of
chairs scraped back across the carpet, and
found myself staring at twro men who had
evidently been seated on opposite sides of
a small writing-table and had been dis-
turbed by my unexpected entrance.

INSTANTLY I realized that I was in the

*	wrong suite; but that was not all. One of
the men was my ingenuous young Japanese
acquaintance, Takiyamo of Tokyo, and
the other man was one whom I had never
seen before, but was such a contrast to his
companion as to make him instantly nota-
ble. He was dark of skin, heavy-featured,
with black hair, a well-shaped mustache
and finely shaped eyebrows—and built like
a Hercules. His stature could have been
scarcely less than six feet and four inches,
and he appeared to tower above the lithe
little Japanese like a veritable colossus.
They had the advantage of position, with
their backs to the window on the farther

side of the room, but even so I could
discern the big man’s frown of annoyance,
his quick side-glance at Takiyamo as if
questioning the latter for the meaning of
this intrusion. The Japanese instantly re-
covered his composure and advanced upon
me with quick steps, paused and made the
characteristic deep bow of his country.

  “Ah—Meester Rubberts! Me give you
pleaser to again see so—” And then
abandoning his painful English for his quite
fluent French he hastily went on: “Strange
that we should again meet so soon after
my arrival! I came but this afternoon
from Rotterdam to pursue my studies of
the diamond industry. I remembered that
you said this hotel was expensive, but I
lost the names of the others more moderate
you recommended.”

  I smiled at the recollection of that mem-
oranda book of his in which he invariably,
constantly and somewhat annoyingly jotted
down perpetual notes and observations, and
wondered how he could get along with it,
even as I voiced my apologies and explana-
tions for my intrusion. His companion in
the meantime had deliberately turned his
back and stood with hands in pockets ap-
parently staring out of the window over
the array of quaint, red-tiled roofs and
forest of chimney-pots that stretched away
toward the spire of a great old church.
Takiyamo lost no time in getting me from
the room. His hands, when he finally de-
cided to follow the European custom,
caught mine and gently but unmistakably
impelled me toward the door.

  “I have some business to transact with
the gentleman inside,” he said, apologeti-
cally, “and will hasten to conclude it and
call upon you. He is from my country’s
embassy and—that is, he is—but I have
not asked the number of your suite. It
is what? I shall honor myself by calling
upon you within a few minutes. But now
I must—you understand, monsieur?”

  “Most certainly,” I answered, and told
him my number. As he closed the outer
door upon me, I had a glimpse of the man
by the window, who was holding his head
sidewise as if to catch the last words of
our conversation. It seemed strange that
such a man, although unquestionably of
some Eastern race, should be connected
with the Japanese embassy. It is the
custom of that nation, quite wisely and
considerably different from the American,
to employ none but pure-bred subjects in
her embassies and legations.
 alibi. I excused myself from waiting and
 passed out into the street where, in a con-
 venient doorway I watched for the two
 men. When they came, I immediately in-
 tercepted them.

   “Pardon me,” I said, “but a short time
 ago I saw you in the office of Mynherr
 Rechkampf. I too am a purchaser of
 jewels, provided you have what I seek.”
 And took from my pocket one of my old
 business cards.

Instantly I
realized I was
in the wrong
suite.

AN the following day while in a broker’s
V, office I met with what seemed to me
at the time good fortune. The broker, who
was an old business acquaintance, slyly
called to my notice two men who were
occupying his attention when I arrived, and
whispered: “Unquestionably Bolsheviki
who have some confiscated jewels to sell.”
Now, ordinarily men of this stamp
aroused in me no other emotion than keen
dislike, not untinged with curiosity; for a
vivid imagination is not required to sur-
round anything of which they dispose with
the grim hue of red tragedy, or sordid
misery. But now, here at hand, was a
suggestion for my private plot, my possible

For gentlemen who advocated and pre-
sumably practiced the universal brother-
hood of mankind, they were decidedly
stand-offish. They didn’t seem to trust me,
but they promised if they found time to
let me hear from them on the following
day. Feeling that I had taken the wrong
method of approach, I left them; but hap-
pening to glance back as I made the first
turning in those crooked, delightful old
streets, I saw them reentering the shop of
the broker, and smiled to myself. I sus-
pected that they were going to make in-
quiries regarding me and my bona-fides.
It proved true, for while I was dining in
lonely leisure in my hotel, two of them
called, and this time I made no mistake,
for I began my overtures by inviting them
to coffee^nd cigarettes in the lounge. They
had no objections to vodka despite the pro-
hibition sentiments supposed to prevail in
their country, and showed some inexperi-
ence in the sale of jewels by telling me that
they had a case of their most valued stones
with them for my inspection.

“That for me would be useless,” I said,
declining their proffer. “I must have day-

17
The Great Samarkand

18

THE BLUE

light to make the purchases I seek.” And
then, glancing over my shoulder, I saw that
another party had entered while we had
been sitting there, and was not entirely
out of earshot had its members been dis-
posed to eavesdrop. An habitual caution
impelled me to give the Russians advice,
and I motioned them to join me in another
seat farther removed, and behind a huge,
four-leaved’ ground-glass screen that formed
a sort of invalid’s corner away from
possible draughts. Looking t^eir surprise,
they followed me, and the waiter brought
our refreshments to the nook.

   “I brought you in here,” I said, “be-
cause it was unwise of you to talk so
loudly, even as it was unwise to bring with
you the parcel of gems of which you spoke.
Furthermore, I think it might be best,
rather than carry such property on your
persons through the night in a strange city,
that you let me have your case locked up in
the hotel safe tonight. I suppose your in-
quiries have convinced you of my honesty,
and offer this merely as a friendly sug-
gestion.”

•"THEY had the good sense to agree with
me, and after making certain that we
were unwatched, the case was transferred
to my pocket. It was not too soon, for
one of my visitors suddenly felt his vodka.
It is one of the curses of that insidious
rye brandy that up to the moment it takes
effect its victim is blissfully unconscious of
the kick to come. But then he certainly
knows—usually too late!

   “Yes, yes, monsieur. It is time we left!”
the soberer of my visitors exclaimed with
an apprehensive look at his companion, and
turned to the latter to insist upon immedi-
ate departure. I was just pushing my
chair back from the table when, discern-
ing a shadow through the screen glass I
looked upward. A man so tall that his
black eyebrows, large dark eyes and blue-
black hair were visible above the top of
that six-foot screen, was taking a hasty
glance into our seclusion. There was
nothing in that to alarm me in a country
where one comes constantly into contact
with foreigners who are not devoid of al-
most childlike and sometimes impertinent
curiosity; but I thought hastily of what
that interloper’s stature must have been,
and somehow my mind swished to the pic-
ture of that huge man I had seen in Taki-
yamo’s room. I looked for the sight of a
man that tall when we passed from behind

the screen, but the room and the lobby were
both empty, and the intruder, whoever he
was, had disappeared.

  Nor did I see anyone when, having made
an appointment with the Russians for the
following forenoon, I returned from the
door and made my way to the manager’s
office, where I obtained a large envelope,
some sealing-wax, and sealed and deposited
the packet of jewels in the hotel safe.
Even as I did so I smiled inwardly, think-
ing how much greater value was even at
that moment securely resting in a chamois
bag against my breast beneath my under-
wear—the Samarkand. In the privacy of
my room a short time later I took it from
its case and gloated over its beauty before
retiring to rest. No, gloating isn’t quite
the word to express my emotions, for it was
not mine, although it was the key to my
fortunes, and the object of my solicitude.
I think that in some inexplicable way there
had been formed between the Samarkand
and me a bond of companionship, or friend-
ship—I am not certain which. In my
dream that night it came to life and told
me long tales of past centuries, of dead
loves and hates, of many a lost enterprise,
many an intrigue.

  I was awakened by my Russian visitors,
who came a full hour earlier than that
appointed, and after making a hasty toilet
I had them sent up to my room. Sent up
with the Continental breakfast of coffee and
rolls, as it were, for they arrived together.
And their arrival provoked astonishment.

  The man who had left me in compar-
atively sober guardianship of his comrade
came in with a bandage wrapped compactly
around his head, and his fellow, who should
by all rules of compensation have been the
sufferer, was grave but clear-eyed.

  “Our jewels—you have them safe?” the
clear-eyed man asked without preliminaries.

  “I presume so,” I replied. “I will ask
the office to send the sealed parcel up, and
we can see.” And I immediately tele-
phoned to the manager’s office.

  “What has happened—an accident?” I
asked of the bandaged man.

  “Wait until we get our parcel again.
It’s—it’s a story. Incredible! Cannot
understand it!” he mumbled; and I, being
hungry, poured my coffee.

  The manager appeared in person, handed
me the packet and asked for the receipt
he had given me, which, after examining
the seals, I returned. I gave the package
to the clear-eyed man, who hastily tore off
BOOK MAGAZINE

19

By Roy Norton

the cover, opened the case, looked for a
moment, then snapped the catch shut and
with a great exhalation of relief said in his
native tongue: “Thank God!”

  Placidly I continued with my breakfast.
But he turned to me and said, in his thick
French that created liaisons where there
were none, and omitted them where they
should have been: “Monsieur, we owe it
to your experience, wisdom and advice, that
these were not stolen last night. I myself
was in somewhat of a daze, and was easily
overpowered when we were fallen upon in
a dark narrow street by three men. My
comrade fought until struck over the head

nothing! Of course we did not know this
until we reached a pharmacy near by,
where the dispenser, aroused from sleep,
attended to my comrade’s wound and we

A man was
taking a hasty
glance into our
seclusion.

with some implement that rendered him
unconscious. After that they knelt upon
us and searched us with the most absurd,
the most ridiculous, the most meticulous
care. They even took off our shoes, broke
off the heels—in fact, practically stripped
us. And the part that convinces me that
they were after the jewels we brought to
you is that they took nothing from us.
They despised our watches, our money,
our personal things like rings and scarf-
pins, and they took—nothing! Positively

had leisure to examine our pockets. But
for you, monsieur, we should have lost a
very valuable collection of jewels and—we
cannot sufficiently thank you.”

I found myself speculating, under this
glib recital, as to its truth. The man’s
recountal sounded sincere, but—

There seemed no use in wasting time.

I had my breakfast cleared away, locked
the door to make certain that we should
be unmolested, and examined the contents
of their case. They were good enough.
Indeed, there were four rather exceptional
stones that I decided to buy for the
firm. Evidently the Bolshevists had al-
ready had them to a sufficient number of
places to determine their value, for they
named a price that, while not a bargain,
was not excessive; and I took them. There
was one rather fine ruby in the lot to which
the man with a bandaged head called my
attention, in a rather unusual way.

  “Are you not interested in rubies?” he
asked. “Of course this is not so great as
the lost Samarkand, but perhaps—”

  I lifted my eyes to his' and found him
staring at me with a level, fixed stare. I
have the reputation of being a pretty good
poker-player, and impassive; but I some-
times wonder if I started then, if my look
carried anything unusual, if in any way I
betrayed my custodianship. I do know that
The Great Samarkand

I was aware of the possibilities of danger.

  “The Samarkand ruby? No, this isn’t
the Samarkand, monsieur; but if it were,
I should try to buy it. Have you it for
sale? Where is it?”

  I stared at him as fixedly as he had been
staring at me, and he burst into a throaty
laugh.

  “That,” he said, “is one of our great-
est mysteries. No, we don’t know where
it is, or precisely how it disappeared, but
we surmise that it is either in America or
Japan. Hence I thought that you, know-
ing the trade of America, might inform
me.”

  It was my turn to cover myself with a
laugh, and I sat carelessly expectant, and
watchful, resolved that no word, look or
action of mine would give them any re-
sponse to whatever suspicions they might
have cherished. For a time they both
studied me, and then the man with the
bandage looked at his companion and shook
his head. He said something in Russian,
and of that tongue I knew a smattering,
enough to decide that what he said was:
“No, this man knows nothing of it. He
can tell us nothing.”

  Immediately thereafter they made ready
to depart, and I accompanied them to a
bank where I paid them, took their receipts
and my purchases. We parted in outward
friendliness, as men who had merely ac-
complished a business transaction; but I
walked from there direct to a steamship
agency, resolved to leave for America by
the first boat. And yet I was not done
with them; for on that night they again
visited my hotel, informing me that they
had just learned that another consignment
of gems was coming, and asking if I would
care to have the first look at them.

COMETHING prompted me to tell them
^ I would see them and was content to
remain over for a week or ten days for
such an opportunity. And they, as if
greatly pleased, insisted upon proffering'
hospitality, which I found it difficult to re-
fuse. I drank but little, for I am habitually
abstemious; nor did they drink as heavily
as on the preceding night. They were dis-
tinctly sober when I bade them good night
at the hotel entrance. As they crossed the
street at the end of the great bridge, I
hesitated and then stepped outside the door
and into the darkness; for it seemed to me
that, as they turned the corner and dis-
appeared, a dim shape, shadowy in the

By Roy Norton

night, of an exceptionally large man, moved
from a doorway and slipped after them.

  Still thinking of this, I went to my room,
undressed thoughtfully, took the Samar-
kand from its case again to make sure that
it was still safe, drank a small bottle of
that excellent Dutch beer which I appre-
ciated as a sleeping draught, and went to
sleep with contentment of a decision made.
I had resolved to be off for America on
the following morning after leaving a note
breaking my engagement with my Bolshe-
vist friends, whom I suspected. Likewise,
I recalled, just as I went to sleep, I must
leave a polite note telling Mr. Takiyamo,
“Studant,” that I had left in such haste I
had been unable to bid him good-by.

CHAPTER III

I BOARDED a small steamer on the fol-
lowing morning and applied to the
purser for a stateroom which the agent had
assured me I could obtain without diffi-
culty. Much to my annoyance, I learned
that I could consider myself fortunate in
having one upper berth in a stateroom for
four, that being the last available. A party
of French and Dutch business men going
to America to participate in an interna-
tional trade congress had taken almost the
entire first-class quarters, and the ship was
of a character which made the second class
anything but desirable. Had I not carried
on my person that fabulous gem, I should
have accepted the situation placidly, for
I was too seasoned a traveler not to endure
patiently surplus companionship for such a
brief time; but the Samarkand in its case,
rubbing my skin at each inspiration of my
chest, made me vastly dissatisfied because
I could not have a stateroom to myself. I
wished that I had known of my predica-
ment sooner, in which case I could have
broken my plans and either sought another
ship, or taken the risks of shipping the
jewel with those others which I had pur-
chased and forwarded to my firm. Yet,
on consideration, I knew that the latter
method would not at all have suited the
circumstances, and so resigned myself to
my discomforts when we put to sea. And
there were discomforts enough, heaven
knows! It wasn’t possible to have a bath
in private. It wasn’t possible to shave in
private. In fact, there was no such thing
as privacy for passengers on a ship crowded
to its capacity, and built so many years
“Mac, I’ve been robbed—/ don’t know when or where!”

before, that privacy hadn’t been considered
a necessity. I was compelled to solace my-
self in the thought of the leisures and as-
pirations that would reward me for the
final delivery of the Samarkand.

  When the great beacon came into view
as our ship lumbered into port, I antici-
pated the surprise that would overwhelm
one man, my very good friend, Mac
Masters, chief expert jewel-appraiser for the
Customs department. We had on many
occasions wrangled over the value of gems,
derided each other for mistakes, had small
bets on weights or the matching of colors.
Frequently we had asked each other’s
judgment, and I still insist that Mac—now
dead—was one of the greatest jewel-ex-
perts who ever handled a gem.

•THE men of the trade are well known
to the Customs department. Those who
are engaged by the very prominent firms
are given special treatment, inasmuch as
it is known that if they have business to
transact it will be on such a scale that it
will save time to get them immediately
through to the Customs official with whom
they will declare. Hence the boat had
scarcely docked before I was off and by
special request put through to Mac Masters
himself. I wanted to pass him personally,
because I hoped to keep the entry of the
Samarkand into New York an absolute
secret.

  Mac greeted me facetiously, his bushy
eyebrows working up and down as he
asked: “What junk have you got to declare
now? Rubbish as usual, I suppose.”

  “Think so, you old bluffer? I’ll show
you in a few minutes,” I boasted.

  “What is it? A medicine-bag, or some
East Indian ancestral charm?” he asked
when he saw that I was compelled partly
to disrobe to get access to the bag and case
suspended beneath my undershirt.

  I said nothing, but took the worn leather
case from its covering and handed it to
him unopened. I watched his face for the
first gasp of open-mouthed astonishment,
for his glow of admiration when he saw
the greatest and most flawless gem of its
kind in existence. I anticipated his out-
burst of questions as to how I had found
it, bought it, from whom, and where.
Somewhat to my impatience, he stood with
it in his hand, inclined to gossip.

  “Haven’t seen you for weeks and weeks,”
he said. “Didn’t know you’d been over to
the other side. Say, is there anything in
this whisper that’s been passed around that
you aren’t working any longer for the big
fellows?”

  “Well, I’ve not entirely broken con-
nection with them,” I replied. “I bought
some stuff for them in Amsterdam which
will come along through the express com-
pany pretty soon. But—what do you think
of that thing you’ve got in your paws?”

  He looked at the case, then snapped the
lid open. I watched him expectantly. He
moved over to the light, took another look,
snapped the case shut, faced me, and with
a grin tossed the case back to me.

  “Come on with the real stuff,” he said.
“I’m too old to be kidded.”

  “Are you? Huh! Strikes me you’re so
confounded wise that you can’t believe
your own eyes any more,” I bantered.
“You think that anything that large
couldn’t be real, eh? Well, old son, that
The Great Samarkand

thing you’ve been looking at is the Samar-
kand!”

  “Samarkand? The only ruby of its class
in the world? The lost Samarkand, as the
writing-boys call it when they want to fill
space in the trade journals? That’s not the
Samarkand. It’s a piece of nicely painted
glass!”

  “Take another look,” I insisted, proffer-
ing him the case.

  “What’s the use? Look at it yourself if
you want to,” he retorted.

W/ITH a sense of proud exultation I
” snapped the lid open, intending to
force its contents upon his inspection. And
then my eyes fell upon it, its dullness as-
tounded me, and I caught my breath. Here
was no flash of pinkish-red like the flow of
blood in the rays of a full moon, no danc-
ing glitter of warmth, no leap of liberated
flame—but instead a dull inanimate thing
that pulsed no reflected light as I took it
from its velvet bed with fingers that
trembled, and brought it closer to my un-
believing eyes.

  A medical friend once told me that it
was probably impossible for a healthy heart
completely to miss a beat. I am convinced
he was in error; for I am equally certain
that then and there mine did. Not one
beat, but several. For Mac had announced
the truth, and that which I held in my
hand was nothing but a duplicate of the
king of rubies cut from glass. In a tumul-
tuous wave the consequences of my loss in-
undated me, and the thing fell from my
relaxed fingers and rolled outward over the
floor, made a broad revolution, a smaller
one, then another, and fell, dead but mock-
ing, in a bar of wintry sunlight. I stood,
transfixed with what to me was an over-
whelming tragedy, bent forward, gasping,
and staring at it. I felt the cold sweat
break through the pores of my forehead,
and then a great numbness, an unfathom-
able despair. I stepped blindly backward
until the hollows behind my knees came in
contact with a chair, and into it I fell like
a man unexpectedly tripped.

  “Good Lord! What’s the matter with
you?” Mac demanded, instantly recogniz-
ing the depths of my distress.

  “Mac,” I mumbled, “I’ve been robbed!
I don’t know when or where; but I had the
Samarkand—there in that case—carried
it always inside my shirt, night and day—
never let it get away from me, even when
I slept and—now it’s gone!”

THE BLUE

22

  He was all solicitude, for he was not only
my personal friend but a man of infinite
sympathy and profound understanding. He
put his hand on my shoulder, seeming to
tower above me as I sat, collapsed, in his
office chair.

  “Man—man! Pull yourself together. I
understand what you feel. It’s rotten
luck! Here, wait and I’ll get you a jolt
to pull you up.”

  He went to his desk and brought from
a drawer a flask of brandy, poured the
metal cup full, and I gulped it, hot and
raw, was half-strangled, and momentarily
forgot a mental anguish in the throes of
physical struggling for breath. He picked
the imitation gem from the floor, examined
it curiously, and slowly put it back in the
case, looking at me thereafter as if ques-
tioning my sanity, soberness, or capacity
for blundering. Then he shook his head
and said, as if answering a question ad-
dressed to himself: “No, it’s not like you
ever to have been mistaken as to what was
in that case, or to have lost it through
carelessness, or to have been fooled by a
trick. You had it, and—”

  “It’s gone!” I finished the sentence for
him, and somehow of a sudden became
conscious of outer sounds, of the feet of
men in the corridor walking across con-
crete floors, of the dull rumble of the city
outside, of the clanging of car bells and
the honking of automobiles impatiently
threading their way through the downtown
traffic.

  “Got any idea how, or where?” his voice
pulled me back to sensibility.

  “Not an idea. Not one! Don’t see how
it could have happened,” I blurted.

  He handed me the imitation and the case.
I took them dully and thrust them into my
pocket.

  “Don’t say anything about this, Mac,”
I requested, and as he nodded his head
sympathetically I explained: “I’ve got to
have time to think this over and, as you
can understand, the fewer that know any-
thing about it, the better. I can’t, right
now, remember a single precaution I didn’t
take; but just the same it looks to me as
if I’m worse than down and out.”

  He grasped my shoulder again.

  “No, you’re not, Johnny. Get that bee
out of your bonnet. You’re just taking
part of the count. You’ve got to get up
and make a fight of some sort. You must!
And if there’s anything in the world I can
do to help you—well, you know me. You
BOOK MAGAZINE

23

By Roy Norton

beat it quietly to some place where you can
sit down and think it all over carefully
before you see anyone. This is no time for
you to make mistakes. If you want me
any time out of office-hours, call up my
house phone. It’s in the book, and day
or night, don’t hesitate.”

   I was but little encouraged by his kind-
liness, yet recognized the wisdom of his
advice; and so I went straight to my apart-
ment, where in seclusion, and surrounded
by homely familiar objects, I could think
undisturbed. And all that afternoon I sat
or paced the floor more or less helplessly
and hopelessly.

  Of one feature I was certain—and this
was that the last time that I had opened
the case, there in my room in the Amster-
dam hotel on the night preceding my de-
parture, it held the real Samarkand. I had
neither opportunity nor temptation to
look at it on the voyage across, and so im-
pressed with my responsibilities had I been
in that crowded cabin that I had actually
slept with it clutched in my hand, and as
an additional precaution had not doffed
my underwear. All my thought narrowed
down to the possibilities of its having been
stolen during the last night I had spent
in Amsterdam.

  I couldn’t conceive how the theft had
been effected. But I couldn’t imagine how
it could have been stolen at any other
time.

  The appalling part of my meditations
revolved about the loss to Mr. Wake-
field, that kindly, liberal man who had so
fully trusted me, and who stood ready and
waiting so magnificently to reward me for
my participation in an enterprise that
would seem shady and questionable to any
others than we two, who knew all the cir-
cumstances. I felt as if I had not only
been instrumental in a great loss to him
through some delinquency of which I wasn’t
aware, but was suddenly fearful that he
might suspect me of having betrayed his
confidence—been careless, or worse yet,
yielded to temptation and become a thief!

  I never dreaded an interview in my life
so much as the one that I went to have
with him that evening after telephoning for
an appointment and asking him to make
certain that he could be alone. I felt
beaten, humiliated, despairing and hesitant,
as I forced myself, finally, to ring his door-
bell.

   I entered with dragging steps like a man
in acute illness. He arose to meet me with

his hand outstretched and a warm smile of
greeting. He must have read the loss in
my attitude. His face suddenly betrayed
perplexity, then alarm.

  “What is it? What has happened?
Something is wrong,” he said quickly, as
the door closed and we were left alone.

  “The very worst,” I said. “I have been
robbed of the Samarkand! I, who in all
the years, in all the trips, after buying and
caring for millions of dollars’ worth of
jewels for others have never lost a single
one, have lost the rarest of all and—I can’t
for the life of me tell when, how or where
it happened! I never even knew it was
gone until today. If you think I have been
negligent, or am a thief—”

  “Nonsense!” he said. “You’re unstrung.
You’re all shot to pieces. I know men,
and I know you, and all about you. Get
those things out of your mind at once.
Now sit down and tell me the whole story.”

■‘THERE was such complete trust, such
kindliness, such readiness to listen and
forgive in his words and attitude, that I felt
my lips tremble with emotion and relief,
and for a minute I couldn’t utter a sound.
With that splendid understanding of hu-
manity that had made him great, he merely
reached over and patted my knee and
waited for me to regain self-control. In
that gentle reassurance I was instantly
brought back to words and felt that I could
talk freely, that I should be believed—
could talk as to a very old and trusted
friend, rather than to one for whom I had
lost something that to him was beyond
price. I told him every detail within my
knowledge, even to my meeting with the
Russians, and he sat listening, now and
then, but seldom, asking a question, and
calmly and thoughtfully considering all I
had to offer. And then for some moments
we sat quietly, he with his eyes fixed ab-
stractedly in vacancy, and I waiting for
him to speak.

   “I can’t see where you neglected any pre-
caution for the protection of the stone,” he
said at last. “And like you, I can’t but
believe that it must have been taken in
the hotel; for it seems incredible, from what
you say, that it could, or would, have been
taken by any of the men who occupied the
same cabin in the ship. You are positive
they were all prominent business men?”

  “Certain of it. The president of the
American Chamber of Commerce in Hol-
land who came across with the party, knew
The Great Samarkand

them all personally, and told me of their
wealth, influence and prominence.”

   “That narrows it still further to the hotel
and your last night’s stay there,” he agreed
with my own deductions. “Now, those
Russians—ummh! By the way, were there
any Japanese prospecting around there in
Amsterdam?”

  “I met but one Japanese since I left
New York,” I said. “He made the voyage
across on the same ship and stopped at the
same hotel; but he was merely a stu-
dent.”

  He turned as I spoke, his eyes slowly
widened, and he leaned forward slightly
and waited until I had finished.

  “What name did he use? Did he speak
both English and French? What did he
look like?” he demanded in sequence with-
out giving me time to reply to any sepa-
rate question.

  He listened in that same tense attitude
while I told him of Takiyamo and also
of what I had regarded as the trivial in-
cident in the hotel, and then suddenly stood
up and walked backward and forward
across the room, frowning, and considering.
He stopped in front of me and suddenly
began rapping out instructions.

  “You may have a long and useless chase
ahead of you,” he said, “but I shall pay
all and any expense if you are gone one or
five years! You must take the first possi-
ble boat back to Amsterdam, and if you
think it advisable, call in the aid of de-
tectives, make them move fast, and run
down that Japanese as well as those Bol-
shevists.

  “But remember it’s the Jap you are to
go after first of all, and quickest. The chap
you know as Takiyamo was undoubted-
ly a man who had been a servant here in
my house, a man who on several occasions
I thought addicted to eavesdropping, who
moved about too quietly to suit me, who I
thought was very much too inquisitive, and
who saved me the annoyance of discharg-
ing him by quitting without a moment’s
leave on the morning after I bade you
good-by! He’s the only man I know of
who might be deft enough, and clever
enough, to rob you of the Samarkand on
the night before you sailed. It’s up to you
to get him and to get that ruby. You can
do it if anyone can, and if you can’t—
well, it’s bad luck for both of us; but in
the meantime I’m backing you.”

  This Intriguing mystery-tale heightens
  in interest in the next installment.

Don’t miss it!

  Seven on
  the Red

‘By

  Joseph Blethen

                Illustrated by
                William Molt

 “IT would be a pious idee,” said Tahoe
 I Tim, my old sourdough friend, as we

   *	settled in our big wicker rockers on
 his Lake Tahoe cabin porch for our after-
 supper smoke, “to come an’ confide your
 ambitions to me once that there Bohemian
 Club thirst o’ yours starts on another ram-
 page. This here simple an’ child-like trust
 which you reposes in me might lead you to
 go samplin’ my new batch o’ moonshine
 which the same I hasn’t had time to finish
 yet. I has to run her through the machine
 once more and take the dynamite out o’
 her some. Because, if you contemplate
 suicide like that, I sure prefers you to elect
 some other executioner for yourself an’
 not go wastin’ my new stuff none. An’ if
 I aint here when your insides starts to git
 all arid thataway, jess you holler for Fat
 Loo an’ tell him you craves to meet up
 with my last bottle of the old stuff that’s
 on the top shelf in his kitchen cupboard.
 An’ even with them precautions, brother,
 you does well to play your hand careful
 like. Fat Loo, bein’ only a Chink, con-
 siders this here suicide enterprise as bein’
 plumb personal an’ private, an’ not to be
 restrained by no descendant of the great
 Confucius. An’ at that, I reckon my fin-
 ished product is a darn sight safer’n some
 o’ the stuff your bootlegger friend unloads
 on you down in the city.”

   I was content to ignore the old sour-
 dough’s little gibe at my pet delinquency,
 and to take his words as a friendly bit of
 caution. After four years of occasional

 24
A vivid tale of
Tahoe Tim and of
wild days and wild
ways in distant
Alaska — by the
talented author
of the “Hiram
Inkweller" stories.

1 “ ‘It’s a hunch,’ says
Red, ‘a hunch jrom.
Heavenl’ ”

acquaintance with Mountain Dew as fab-
ricated by these careful veterans of the
Sierras, I still retained the sight of both
eyes, and “packed” a good digestion. Be-
sides, on this particular evening, as we sat
on Tahoe’s cabin porch, I was altogether
too contented and comfortable to sustain
my side of any verbal rumpus.

DEFORE ,us Lake Tahoe nestled in her
mountain cradle, softly mirroring one of
her most gorgeous sunsets, a sunset hung
high on the Nevada Hills across the lake
eastward from us—eastward in fact, not
merely in my fancy, for at that moment
we were sitting on the California side of the
lake, on a promontory which forms the
southern border of Meeks Bay, aild with
our backs to the Sierras, behind which, to
the west, the sun was just descending.
I chose to ignore Tahoe Tim’s suggestion
of caution and to invoke his attention to
contemplation. I accordingly waved my
hand at the lake.

  “Where in this world, Tahoe,” said I,
“will you find a more gorgeous lake than
that? And what other lake in the world
furnishes two sunsets at each and every
performance? A little curtain raiser in the
west to be in accordance with tradition and
geography, and then the main performance
on the hills to the east, where you can look
at it without having old Sol bat you in the
optic nerve. Some lake, I’ll say!”

  “Yeah,” agreed Tahoe Tim, twisting his
chair around until we were two faces east,
and both contemplating that chromatic ec-
stasy. “I’ve been thinking about her all
day—this here Lake Tahoe, I mean. She’s
so crazy thataway I’m plumb fond of her.
Fact is, in more ways’n one, she’s jess like

  me. Contrary. Plumb disgraceful thata-
  way in bein’ peculiar like a Chinaman. She
  does everything backwards. Hands you
  a sunset in the east and a sunrise in the
  west! A cowboy would call her locoed.
  Us carekeepers what lives here for keeps,
  all year roun’ from hell to Christmas, knows
  she’s just plain crazy, and us, we knows
  she don’t mean no harm by them upside-
  down didoes. She’s all right for a friendly
  lake till some squall hits her, or till you
  goes and falls into the drink, then it’s ‘good-
  by, Susanna, don’t sit up none fer me!’
  Must be some secret she’s hidin’ down in
  that big hole, for she never lets a man come
  back up to tell whatever does he find on
  that long, wet trail. Take, fer instance,
  that dude fisherman what falls out of his
  boat down yonder by Rubicon Point. This
  is ten years ago now, an’ he don’t send
  back his new address yet.”

    If I hadn’t known from my many visits
  to Tahoe Tim’s retreat that this placid
  lake lying yonder in its evening bath of
  opal was a part of his very life, I might
  have thought of him as becoming restive,
  and about to break for the bright lights of
  moss-grown Barbary Coast. But I knew
  better, and only wondered what had started
  the old sourdough off on a facetious physio-
  graphical trek. “Maybe,” I ventured, try-
  ing to match whimsicalities, “the Lady of
  the Lake liked him so well she kept him
  down there and married him.”

    “Maybe so,” answered my host. “Locks
  him up in a nice cozy cave so he can’t go
  out nights none. Maybe you can write her
  up. This Big Brother fellow that comes
  on the air every evenin’ can sure use
  her for a bedtime fable.”

    The old man’s pretended disdain for

25
Seven on the Red

26

THE BLUE

scribes in general, and for the present scrib-
bler in particular, was not new to me. I
could afford to let this additional gibe pass,
for right now I could scent a new rem-
iniscence on the fire. And Tim’s reminis-
cences were an unfailing gold mine to me.
So I hid behind his reference to his highly
prized radio. “By the way, Tahoe, I
brought up some new dry-cells for that tin
can you call a receiving-set,” said I.

  “ ’Bout time,” he growled. “Bunch of
kids from Meeks Bay is trampin’ over here
every night this week an’ they plumb wears
her out. Aint been able to get a squawk
out of her all day.”

  “Then I’m glad I brought them. But,
for myself, I get all the radio I can stand
at the Bo Club,” I answered. “When the
boys can’t get a drink they come up in my
den and try to get distance. What I want
to hear right now is more about this lake.
For myself, I don’t think she’s at all crazy.
She’s very pretty and very well-behaved.
And as for sunsets in the east, anybody
with any sense can see the reason. Meeks
Bay is in a pocket, and the hills to the
west are higher than those over east on the
Nevada side. It follows naturally that—”
“She’s so plumb crazy she’s captivatin’,”
interrupted Tahoe Tim, waving aside my
attempted explanation. “She’s so cold in
the summer she freezes the propeller blades
off’m them speed launches, an’ she’s so
warm in the winter all us carekeepers goes
in every Saturday night to save heatin’ up
our open-air bathrooms. Worse’n that, the
fool thing is so high up in these moun-
tains it takes two pailfuls of water out of
her to soak down one dirty sock.”

  “Sure,” I agreed, falling in step with his
exaggerations. “It’s a prohibition lake.
It’s so high up in the world that even the
water is dry.”

  “You said it, brother. An’ on hot days
when I wants to sit here in the shade an’
be amused by them broadcastin’ outfits
there aint a set on Tahoe will work, but
take it on moonlit nights, when Loupo and
me wants to go out an’ commune with our
ancient memories, the darn things work so
good we can hear ’em doin’ murder in
Chicago. Tantalizin’, actin’ up thataway.”
“The wonder is to me,” I ventured,
“that anybody ever found it—this lake, I
mean. Tucked away off up here in the
mountains!”

  _ “Easy enough, young fellow. She’s
hitched on to the top end of Truckee
River. Has been ever since she was first

made. Some sourdough, prospectin’ up-
stream, runs bang into her. An’ bein’ he
wants more river and less puddle, he cus-
ses right out. ‘Ta-hoe with this thing/
says he. ‘She’s went an’ bit off my river.
Whatinell will I do with her now I’ve
found her?’ ”

  “Well, what did he do with her, Tim?”
I asked, keenly relishing the old miner’s
inventions.

  “Lets her lay right where he finds her,
you bloomin’ chechahco! That there is
’long about ’forty-nine or ’fifty, when
every gulch in this region has a bunch of
prospectors fussin’ around in it. After
while he builds himself a raft and floats
himself over to the Nevada side. It’s him
that smells out the Comstock Lode.”

  “Same chap?”

  “Same starvin’ sourdough. An’ that’s
what I started to talk about: this here hole
in the top of the Sierras right in front of
us, that quartz over in them hills on the
Nevada side, all them placer diggin’s back
yonder in the ’forty-nine country, an’ also
why this Lake Tahoe is so plumb contrary.
I gets her all figgered out jess lately.”

  So! My story was fast approaching. I
hid my smiles of anticipation behind a
freshly-lit cigarette.

  “Old Bill was over from McKinney’s,”
continued the old Klondiker. “We has a
argument. Maybe Bill, he knows some-
thin’ about the sea, him bein’ a’ old whaler
like that, but when it comes to gold-minin’,
he aint so much.”

W/ITH much pretended disdain was this
said. I wanted to, agree with my
host, just by way of encouragement. But
diplomacy bade me keep silent. Old Bill,
winter carekeeper at McKinney’s and blood
brother to every trout in the lake, was also
a flowing fountain to my thirsty pen. So
I merely observed, tactfully, that an old
salt was likely to get into deep water when
he climbed a mountain.

  “Old Bill, he opines,” continued the vet-
eran of the Yukon gulches, “that this here
hole in the rocks, which the same now holds
this crazy lake in her hands, is made by a
earthquake ’way back in the centuries
sometime. He holds plumb stubborn that-
away that a nice little shake comes along
and rips these mountains wide open, like
a big storm might open up the planks of a
old windjammer. Earthquake nothin’1 I
hears me some geology talks broadcasted
by General Electric and the University
BOOK MAGAZINE

27

of California, Berkeley, and then I sits
me out here in the shade and puts my
wisdom to work. That there hole out there,
all full o’ lake, aint made by no failin’
apart of what’s now these great states of
California and Nevada. No secession stuff
up here in these ancient hills. No, brother,
not so. This here piece of high-line dredg-
in’ is sure done by a crazy-headed volcano
what works overtime one evenin’ till she
gets plumb overheated. Then she blows
herself up, dog-sled and dugout, an’ she
don’t leave nothin’ but a hole full o’ smoke.
An’ then all them little mountain streams
that is flowin’ an’ ripplin’ an’ plungin’
north an’ south an’ east and west, they has
to turn right around and flow back till this
here hole is filled plumb up an’ is spillin’
out into what’s now that Truckee River
we talks about. Why wouldn’t a lake go
crazy in the head when she all of a sudden
finds herself poured into a big lot of noth-
ing ’way up here where a volcano once
was?”

   “Clear enough,” I replied, trying to pic-
ture for myself that ancient seismic suicide.
“But where, old top, does the placer gold
of ’forty-nine come in?”

   “She don’t come in, you scribblin’ idiot!
She comes out. She’s smelted in that there
volcano’s fiery furnace. Thousands of bil-
lions of tons of gold quartz is burned up
jess like that, and the pure flakes o’ gold is
scattered in these hills, to be washed down
the gulches by the rains of hell-an’-gone
years.”

   “And remained right there to be discov-
ered by the hell-an’-gone argonauts of
’forty-nine,” I finished, glad of an oppor-
tunity to encourage him. “Well, you ought
to know, Tahoe. You were born in a Bret
Harte gold-camp, you grew up in these
hills, and you made your pile in the Klon-
dike. I’m surprised that old Bill ever dared
debate the thing with you!”

   “I’m sure glad he goes an’ does it that-
away, the darned old liar! Boy and man,
I’m livin’ around this here Lake Tahoe
most of my life. Even on the Yukon, as
you knows about, I am called ‘Tahoe Tim’
by all the boys. But it aint till Bill gets
me riled a couple o’ months ago like I’m
tellin’ you that I tunes in on this Univer-
sity Extension stuff and gets me my dope.”

   “And it proves something else,” I added;
“something I’ve often wondered about.
Now I know why none of you old Califor-
nia prospectors ever found the mother lode.
Your friend, the volcano, just naturally

By Joseph Blethen

rose up and blasted that lode to smith-
ereens!”

  “Yeah, most of it, brother. Howsomever,
some little offshoots of the mother is left
over, like the Comstock, right over yon-
der, and Gold Hill, an’ some more of them
quartz propositions scattered about these
here gulches. Just enough is left to show
a thinkin’ man what might be if the world
don’t go an’ blow up like that. And it’s
the same way in life, which maybe some
day you young fellows goes an’ discovers
for yourselves. You sees something jess
ahead yonder that you wants. Somethin’
you is lookin’ for, for a long, long time.
An’ you gets all set to take it, when
whang!—the world blows up again! Blows
the thing right out o’ your hand an’ you
sets around and watches while another par-
ty walks off with it. Yeah. Volcanoes an’
wimmen—jess alike. Blow up while you’re
lookin’ right at ’em—an’ some other pros-
pector hits the pay! Yeah—same thing!”

  The old sourdough became silent, and I,
too, sank into such a stillness that I could
hear the whispering hiss of my own ciga-
rette. Many tales he had told me of his
Klondike days—tales told to me only be-
cause of the friendship that had started
away up there in the Yukon country when
I, a clumsy wanderer, had stumbled into
his cabin to nurse back to life a badly frost-
bitten foot. In general, I knew the con-
tinuity of his life: his childhood in a min-
ing town, his boyhood in the lumber camps
of these mountans, his futile years of pros-
pecting in these very hills, his later heart-
breaking ventures in Alaska, his final gor-
geous strike in the Klondike, and his ulti-
mate retirement to this cabin—his fortune
locked in the safekeeping of a trust com-
pany—with Loupo, his old husky team-
leader, as his only companion. But in
none of those tales of his wanderings had
he ever linked a woman’s name with his
own.

’"TH ROUGH my mind, as I sat on his
cabin porch that night, there flashed
the line: “Alone we sprawl with Mem-
ory’s bulging noons”—and I thrilled with
the hope that at last I should be trusted
with the story of the Lost Honeymoon.
And as I waited, hopefully, Loupo came
slowly out of the gathering shadows,
mounted to the porch, and sprawled sulk-
ily at his master’s feet. Here they were,
man and dog, trail-broke and true, fellow-
mushers of an hundred wildernesses, now
Seven on the Red

28

THE BLUE

holed-up to idle lonesomely through the
tempered winter of their last years. The

picture was complete..... I waited.

There would be a new story out of his
crowded past.

“T GETS me a letter today,” he resumed,
finally, “an’ it sure sends me back over
a old trail. It’s from Red, an’ this time he
aint got a squeal left in him. It’s in there.
You kin read it tomorrer.”

  This was news, and I sat up a bit
straighter. Red Gleason had been Tahoe’s
partner in the Alaskan days. The two had
fought together through many disappoint-
ments, and then had finally located Num-
ber Eighteen above Discovery on one of
the Klondike creeks, worked it, and re-
turned outside with the fortune divided
equally between them. But with their
parting, Red had lost something which his
easy good nature much needed: Tahoe
Tim’s calm, balancing philosophy. Red’s
business ventures soon drained his fortune
and there had followed many times through
the years when Tahoe’s voluntarily di-
vided income was all that stood between
Red and helpless poverty. And Red had
always blamed the partner for locking the
principal beyond reach.

  “Seems like,” continued the old one,
“nothin’ I gver does in them days pleases
Red. Leastwise, nothin’ that he knows
about at the time. Me, I am always holdin’
him down, headin’ him off, and trompin’
on him. You remembers that first winter
o’ the Klondike rush when your news-
paper sends you up there and you comes
in on us with your frozen foot? Well, we is
just prospectin’ then—hangin’ around the
main Klondike strike an’ borin’ into them
benches hopin’ to find that the pay-dirt
aint all down in the creek bed. Well, after
you left us, an’ went on down river to pur-
sue them investigations of yours, we jess
starves out. So we quits our bench one
day an’ goes to work for wages right smack
on Number One below on the Klondike
proper. Well sir, we sees so much gold
dust that spring we gets plumb played out
loadin’ it into Dawson. Soon’s we git
money enough for grub, we hits out for
ourselves again, goin’ this time over in the
Tanana country where we hits a pocket
or two in a creek near Fairbanks.

  “But them pockets aint so plentiful-—an’
pretty soon we’re over on another creek
near by an’ workin’ again for wages. An’
one day here comes a chechahco doggin’

it out from Fairbanks an’ offers us a thou-
sand cold for our claim which we has jess
left. Red is for grabbin’ it quick, but I
says no. I smells a mice in the way that
sport stampedes it ’way out from town just
to buy our location right. Why don’t he
go jump it, we bein’ gone like that? Some-
thin’ doin’ over there, sez I, an’ he knows
that to jump that claim sure spells war-
fare. Then when he offers Red five hun-
dred for his half, an’ then me, I is plumb
sure there is a whole bunch of rats ram-
pagin’ around the cupboard. Red is for
grabbin’ the five hundred, an’ I has one
hell of a time sittin’ on him till I gets me
the dope straight. Red always is believin’
in hunches, you remember, an’, because this
hurry-up bird from town has red hair, Red
says the hunch is for him to take his red
brother’s tip and sell. Finally I gets Red
to agree that we all three turns his red
brother’s dog team around an’ all hands
goes mushin’ back over them hills to see
what’s what.

  “Well, I’m the only real dog driver in
the outfit, so I takes me them huskies in
hand. An’ this is where I first meets up
with this Loupo dog, him bein’ jess a pup
then an’ bein’ hitched back next the sled.
First day out I studies him an’ I see me
he’s a born leader while this big dog what
is hitched ahead is an old sulk, which that
same malemute is plumb wearin’ out my
whip. So next mornin’ I hitches the old
party back next to the plow an’ I puts
Loupo up in Station Number One. Right
then the whole team lays down on me, an’
to make it worse, Red and his town friend
starts to pull the merry ha-ha on my dog
wisdom. The whole team, did I say?
Well, not exactly. This pup Loupo gimme
a look that said somethin’, so I jess slipped
off his harness an’ confided to him that
here an’ now is the chance for him to win
a grubstake for life.”

  “And he did,” I affirmed heartily, not
a bit ashamed that I was looking down at
the old musher with more than a slight
mist in my eyes.

  “Somewhat,” agreed the old sourdough.
“Loupo, he takes them loafers in hand one
by one. One dog at a time, but oh,
brother!

  “The town fellow starts yellin’ that I am
murderin’ his pets, an’ he’s goin’ to shoot
the pup—when I winds my whip around his
dude wrist a lot an’ gives him somethin’
real to think about! Well sir, by the time
this pup Loupo is ready to call 'on that
BOOK MAGAZINE

there old sulk back next the sled, the re-
turns has become a landslide for the new
candidate. The lazy cur jess rolls over an’
put5 all four feet up in token he craves a
armistice in these hostilities. But this pup
he sure knows his job. He has some pri-
vate matters to settle with the deposed.
Sq he jess grabs that old skunk by the
throat and shakes all them diplomatic no-
tions clean out of him. Shakes him an’
pinches him an’ gnaws at his fat tummy
till the old loafer is plumb ready to pull

29

By Joseph Blethen

gone, and the two were back again in the
Klondike country, prospecting in the upper
gulches of Bonanza. That, I have often
thought, should have been Red Gleason’s
lesson. But I have come slowly to realize
that a lesson had never meant anything to
that erratic pilgrim. Unable to profit by

the whole load all by himself. Then it’s
all over an’ I shakes hands with the pup,
hitches him in front again an’ gives the
word. Well sir, I don’t know who is the
most respectful, Red’s new town friend, or
his lazy pets, or Red himself. In ten min-
utes Loupo has turned a bunch of loafin’
huskies into a dog-team that can yank the
bottom out from under Mount McKinley
an’ like it, arid I has showed certain parties
that I am in no frame of mind to hear any
back talk. An’ we gets home next day an’
finds that the boys has hit pay on the next
claim to ours an’ that chances are our claim
is worth more diggin’ around in.”

  “And you bought Loupo right then?”
“Right on the spot—the fellow on the
next claim lendin’ me the money. Loupo’s
been with me ever since. Yeah. An’
four weeks later we sold that claim for a
hundred thousand cash!”

  The wanderings of their trail from this,
their first strike, was well known to me.
Red Gleason had romped into Fairbanks
and had rioted there till the bright lights
and the roulette tables had taken his all.
Then Tahoe Tim had gone to him and
again divided the money remaining in the
partnership purse. Not once, but again
and again, until ihe whole fortune was

“This pup sure
knows his job
—he has some
private matters
to settle with
the deposed."

his mistakes, he was through life as much
a pensioner on Tahoe’s calm strength as
was the dog at the old sourdough’s feet.

  “Red never thanks me for that little
piece of high financin’,” continued my host.
“Gettin’ him fifty thousand instead of five
hundred only goes to his head like. An’
after it is all gone, he blames me for not
lockin’ it up in bonds an’ things an’ hold-
in’ him down to the income.”

  “Yes,” I agreed, “and when, later on,
you did just that very thing after your
big strike, what did he do?” I was a bit
sarcastic, but I couldn’t help it.

  “Sells his bonds from day to day an’
bites off everything them get-rich-quick
fellows can think up,” answered Tahoe
Tim. “An’ then turns around an’ jumps
on me because I has this time locked my
stuff up tight an’ thro wed away the key.
Pretends he’s mad all these years. Writes
me hot letters cussin’ me from hell to
breakfast for ever makin’ out that trust
deed. But just where’d we all be if I
hadn’t ’a’ done it?”

  “Very wise thing,” I agreed. “And odd,
Seven on the Red

too—odd that a rich Klondiker should turn
his back on the lure of more, and lock
himself into the protection of the safest
men in the financial world.”

  “Well, I dunno. Not so odd. Just my
one big hunch that it is up to me to look
out for all of us—an’ that there trust com-
pany down on Market Street is sure the
safe way. There is Loupo, an’ me, an’
Red, an’—an’ Red’s wife.”

  Wife? Red Gleason’s wife? During
the months in which I had been a frequent
visitor to Tahoe Tim in this retreat on
the mountain lake, and in the previous
chance crossings of our trails in other
places, he had never before mentioned the
woman. I was hearing of her for the first
time.

  I knew that the old sourdough had di-
vided his income through the years with
his good-natured and irresponsible partner,
but I had pictured that partner as nesting
alone somewhere on the edge of the Ari-
zona desert, answering the call of that
wonderland as naturally as old Tahoe had
crawled back to his beloved hills. But I
had not known that another had shared
Red’s improvident life.

  “Well, now that it’s all over thata-
way,” went on the old man, musingly, “I
has this to comfort me: I know my hunch
that time is right. If I ever meets up with
her two daughters I can look ’em right in
the eye. It is my trust company hunch
saves the money to help bring ’em up. An’
when Red an’ me has passed over, they
gets the interest money for life.”

  “All over?” I repeated eagerly. “What’s
all over, Tahoe?”

  “I’m tellin’ you,” he answered, evasively.
“For once Red has to say somethin’ decent
in his letter about what I goes and does
one time. Tomorrer, as I says jess now,
you reads it for yourself. But now I wises
you up so’s you kin have the dope.”

AS if I wasn’t burning to be “wised up”!
^*But I knew it was my cue to play a
silent part, and so I waited, wondering
what new trail of reminiscence we were
now to follow.

  “This here little blow-up I’m tellin’ you
about,” he began, after refilling the old
pipe, “happens when Red and me is sittin’
pretty on Eighteen. You knows all about
that claim, how we works her for a while
an’ then we leaves her as a false alarm,
and how Kate Rendo, the dance-hall wom-
an from Barbary—Mrs. Ben Carter she

By Joseph Blethen

is when she quits dancin’—keeps pourin’
her money down a prospect hole in Nine-
teen, jess next claim above us, an’ finally
hits pay ’way down so deep it’s the won-
der of the whole country? Yeah, sure you
do. I’ve sure told you about her a lot.
An’ when she hits it thataway, ol’ Kate
jess lets out the glad yell an’ brings all
us upper creek sourdoughs stampedin’ back
to our extravagant riches. Jess as I tells
you often.

  “Well, when this particular rumpus I’m
tellin’ you about finally cuts loose, it’s now
two winters after that glad time, an’ Red,
an’ Loupo, an’ me, we’re so rich we’re
plumb worried about it. Kate Rendo’s
lost kid has showed up, him bein’ that
minin’ engineer chap, an’ he’s runnin’ old
Nine teen, for his mother, an’ showin’ all
us up-creek sourdoughs some inside dope
on how the big fellows gets the most out
of a claim once they busts the lid off an’
sees her pannin’ out pretty; an’ he’s so all-
fired human all the time, we up-creek own-
ers pulls a party for him at The Forks
which the same mighty near stops up the
main Klondike River with our dead sol-
diers. Not that Kate’s kid takes too much
thataway. He’s a quiet cuss that can take
a drink or two an’ stop before he loses the
balance of his shootin’ hand. But there
is a lot of the boys that is pent up a whole
lot till they has to rip the roof off’m some-
thin’, an’ The Forks does well enough for
one night, bein’ as how that particular
night is twenty-three hours less one minute
in length and duration.

  “Well, along about midnight, when the
sun is way ’round by the South Pole, an’
not worryin’ none about the Yukon coun-
try, the kid an’ me figures we has enough,
an’ seein’ as how no one will miss us out
of the general mee-lee, we slips out to
take a nice long walk home in the moon-
light—Yukon moonlight, you know, shin-
in’ on what that scribblin’ fellow friend o’
yours calls the White Silence. But that
she aint so silent jess now we finds out
right pronto, for here’s Red outside, lean-
in’ up against the side of the roadhouse,
an’ talkin’ to himself.

  “ ‘It’s a hunch,’ says Red when he sees
us. ‘A hunch from Heaven! An’ me, I
goes to Dawson right now an’ plays her
pretty.’ ”

  “ ‘Dawson is fifteen miles from here, old
top,’ says Laurie, the kid, kinder playful.
‘Better you takes a bottle along in your
pocket, or maybe your hunch runs out.’
  “ ‘This here is no alcoholic hunch,’ says
Red. An’ he hugs the kid out of his pure
excess of joy. ‘This here hunch comes to
me straight from this Aurora Borealis you-
all can see still shinin’ in the sky. She sure
shoots me the inside dope!’

  “ ‘An’ what,’ asks Laurie Carter, holdin’
Red out o’ the snow, ‘might it be which
our midnight friend Miss Aurora has con-
fided to you thataway?’ Only, you under-
stand, the kid uses the same kind o’ col-
lege talk I gets over this here radio, an’
not the flavor us sourdoughs is used to,
when free and untrammeled.”

  “I understand,” said I. “Young Carter
was a university man. Tell me the rest.”
“Yeah. But you aint heard nothin’ yet,
as your fellow what writes them ‘mammy
songs’ says in his talkin’ machine records.
The kid an’ me, we both has to go to work
on Red somethin’ drastic to get the straight
of it—but here she is: This here Aurora
party, it bein’ a clear night an’ cold enough
to freeze hell out o’ the deal forever, is
sure shootin’ pretty. For seven times she
shoots a fan in the air, the said wide,
spread-out fans o’ light havin’ seven long
red points. An’ then, for fear Red hasn’t
got it straight, she shoots her midnight

seven sets of seven flares of this seven-
ribbed red fan. Whereby Red absorbs the
hunch that he’s to mush to Dawson pronto,
stampede into the biggest gamblin’ house
an’ burst her wide open by stackin’ the
U. S. Mint seven times on the red.”

  At this point I indulged in a quiet laugh,
for, be it known, my sympathies were for
the moment entirely with one Red Gleason.
I have seen the Aurora Borealis dance in
those Yukon skies when I was so cold that
at every breath my lungs pricked with an
hundred jabbing needles, but all I ever
made out of it was a sense of awe at one
of God’s wonders. To read a telegraphic
secret out of that message from the Un-
known appealed to me. “And did he go
play it?” I demanded.

  “He does, with half o’ Dawson watchin’
him, an’ the other half plumb bogged down,
seein’ as they can’t get in the place, she’s
so jammed.”

  “And he broke the bank?”

  “Not so’s to hurt it, brother. This here
roulette layout somehow has lightnin’ rods
up against them clairvoyant hunches. No,
Red don’t break no bank, but he bumps
into a bad shootin’ scrape, is seven weeks
gettin’ out o’ jail, an’ then comes down
bang with seven kinds of pneumonia. Also,
an’ thereby, he runs plumb into matri-
mony, which is whereof I’m relatin’.”

31
Seven on the Red

  “I see,” said I. “She was his nurse.
Very pretty Yukon romance.”

  “Not a nurse regular, but she sure stands
by Red in that fracas. An’ this is right
where I gets into the party. Yeah. It
is like this: This girl has jess come in
from outside with her father, her mother
bein’ already in the next world. They is
nice farmer people, an’ they aims to start
a greenhouse an’ all alone by their tw6
selves, prove that the Yukon country can
raise its own garden truck. Well, the old
party is lookin’ on from the crowd while
Red is playin’ his hunch, an’ when Red
an’ the house-man gets to arguin’ with
their guns—an’ before anyone can stop ’em,
the old party is plugged by a flyin’ bullet
that is meant for Red. He’s sure plugged
sufficient, is this old chechahco, an’ right
then he mushes up yonder where they has
flowers bloomin’ perpetual, an’ don’t need
no greenhouses! An’ so, Red bein’ locked
up in jail till the Mounted gets the whole
thing straight, I hustles into town, sees to
the plantin’ of the deceased, an’ gets Kate
Rendo—Mrs. Carter, I mean—to take the
girl home to her nice Dawson bungalow,
an’ mother her till we all can get our heads
in one place an’ think it over. Old Kate
does a good job of it, only she lets me
see the girl about twice too often. First
thing I knows, I’m in love for fair, an’
walkin’ around on my ear.”

CLUMPING down in my chair, I tried
to keep my thoughts from running
away from the slowly unfolding drama.
And I could very well realize that old Ta-
hoe Tim had once been young, and that
there might have been—

  “This here youngster turns out to be
some sport,” continued the old miner.
“Ruth is her name—an’ she’s gentle and
shy, jess like that sounds. She’s a blonde,
with a lot of gold hair racin’ down over
her shoulders like the waters in old White
Horse rapids, an’ warm blue eyes like them
Yukon wild flowers in the gorges below
Circle. No wonder us forlorn sourdoughs
gets all choked up when we stands aroun’

lookin’ at her.....Well, what does she

do, bein’ left a orphan like that? Why,
she ups an’ drags old Kate right down to
the headquarters of the Northwest Mounted
Police an’ tells Red she don’t hold it
against him none that her father gets
plugged thataway at his Aurora Borealis
party. An’ Red, lookin’ at the poor kid
standin’ there tryin’ to comfort him, he

THE BLUE

jess naturally bogs down an’ weeps, an’
then the little blonde beauty she weeps,
an’ old Kate she weeps, an’ the red-coated
Mounted, what’s on guard, he gets power-
ful busy studyin’ the Yukon scenery out
the window. An’ right there, I reckon,
is where it all starts, only me, I don’t wise
up to it till later.

  “Well, she sure is a busy session for me,
that time, me jumpin’ around like I am,
like a hungry malemute after a fat rabbit.
Me, I’m jumpin’ out to Eighteen to watch
the dumps, an’ jumpin’ back to this here
Dawson lawyer to keep him on the job
helpin’ Red, then jumpin’ over to Kate’s
cabin an’ framin’ with her for the little
blonde’s comfort, an’ all the time the win-
ter she’s colder’n a section from a petrified
iceberg. Everything’s against me, even to
my fool tongue, for every time I gets me
alone with Ruth, I freezes up an’ can’t
speak a word. An’ while I’m helpless like
that she goes every day to cheer Red up a
lot and he, the lucky dog, can talk a blue
streak all day long till the Mounted calls
time on ’em.

  “Well, after seven weeks of this kind of
insanity, we gets some sunshine. The
colonel in command is back on the job and
takes up the case. He’s a wise old bird
and he figures that she’s a private shootin’
party with everybody present takin’ their
own chances. So he deports the marble
spinner back to the Barbary Coast, an’
sentences Red to stay out of Dawson for
six months. Fair enough, only this last
Red fails to do through no fault of his
own, ’cause he no more’n hits our shack
when he comes down with pneumonia,
pleurisy, the influenza, an’, the doctor says,
somethin’ else that sure moves him to call
her a case of lung trouble. “Well, you
know, brother, lung trouble in a sixteen-
by-twenty-four Yukon shack in midwinter
aint no tea-party, so Kate Rendo romps
out with her big sled—horses, mind you—
an’ bundles him down to the hospital in
Dawson. You know, the one them Sisters
is runnin’ up on the hill by the big land-
slip. Then Kate goes to the colonel an’
explains things, an’ the colonel man, he
hands Red over to her on parole, an’ she
an’ Ruth chases over to the hospital an’
starts dividin’ time as nurses. Between
the two of ’em, old Kate richer’n hell, an’
little Ruth prettier’n a’ angel’s pet photo-
graph, they sure makes that far away hos-
pital famous. An’ when Red gets well an'
goes over to Kate’s big wickiup in Dawson
BOOK MAGAZINE

33

proper to recover his strength a lot, us
up-creek owners, we passes the hat an’ we
sure dents that Mother Superior’s desk
with a bunch o’ nuggets. But, meantime,
there’s somethin’ else bustin’ loose.

   “It falls like this: Red is at old Kate’s
Dawson bungalow about two weeks now
an’ is cornin’ on fine. Me, I’m there to
dinner this night with the family, an’ I’m
plannin’ to stay all night at the Grand
Hotel in town. Well, old Kate orders Red
to bed early, an’ she an’ Laurie, an’ Lau-
rie’s wife that is to be, all mushes down
town to a doin’s at the Yukon Club—an’
I’m left alone by the open fire with this
Ruth party. Seems like she’s prettier’n
ever, an’ all this trouble has turned the
girl more into a woman. Well, right then
I takes my nerve in my hands an’ I makes
out to propose to her, an’ I no sooner does
it than I sees that I’m shootin’ our quiet
little fireside party all full o’ holes. She
acts kind o’ startled when I makes my
put-in, jess like as if she’d pulled a big
gamblin’ debt down on her sudden-like an’
she don’t know how in hell she can pay
out, an’ me, I’m sittin’ there feelin’ like
I am killin’ her old father all over again.
‘Oh, Tim,’ says she, ‘I didn’t know! Oh,
Tim, I’m so sorry.’ Yeah. Jess like that
she says it. Sorry about me!”

I OUPO let out a human-sounding whim-
per of sympathy, and getting up, he
laid his old grizzled head in Tim’s lap. I
managed to sit up straight, but in the dark
I swallowed hard.

   “It’s jess like I says earlier to you,
brother,” continued the old man. “I’m
lookin’ right at a mountain of gold and,
■whang, she blows up on me! I sees my
finish, an’ I asks Ruth not to think of me,
but to come clean an’ tell me what’s on
her mind. ‘Why, it’s Red,’ she says, an’
me, I could see by the light in her blue
eyes that I am lookin’ at some other fel-
low’s location papers. ‘It’s Red. He’s
so helpless, Tim. He needs me. An’ you’re
so strong—we both need you! But you’ve
done so much, Tim, that I feel dreadfully
guilty. Oh, Tim, wont you tell me what
I ought to do?’

   “An’ me, I says it’s all right for the two
 of ’em to git married. Leastways, I tries
 to say it. I aint ever been quite sure
 what I does say that night. Anyhow, I
 lies my heart black in the face an’ then I
 sees the smile come back in her blue eyes,
 an’ I wishes ’em well, an’ gets myself out

By Joseph Blethen

in the air. An’ then, down by the river

ice, I thinks it all out.....It sure looks

like a hard trail ahead, but me, I has
Loupo, an’ sez I: ‘Tahoe, we’ll mush it
to the furthest end o’ nowhere.’ . . . .
Right there I figures she says something,
this Ruth woman. ‘Red needs me,’ she
says, ‘an’ we both need you.’ Jess a couple
o’ helpless kids—an’ I sees my duty plenty
plain. But I admits when I gets me to
my hotel room that night I am a’ ‘old
man.....

  “An’ that’s why I locks up my dough
in this here trust company thing. I has to
fix it so we all can eat! An’ Red sez in
this letter in there that he now savvys it
for the first time. An’ that aint all. You

see, brother, Ruth died last week.....

Passes away quiet an’ happy, tellin’ her
husband for the first time that she turns
me down for him thataway. An’ Red says
will I stick, an’ forgive him for a lot of his
cussedness, ’cause now he’s plumb lonesome,
too. Yeah—asks me to stick, thataway,
jess as if he had to! Don’t know me yet,
that Red boy, does he, Loupo? Never
will, will he, old dog? Just a kid what’s
never grown up, eh?”

  And old Loupo whined again and nuzzled
in closer, as I silently picked up a blanket
and departed to the seclusion of the hillside
shadows, these lines running again through
my mind:

  “—Yet one thing have we missed, you dog
      and I;

  No children paw your back nor seek my

        knee.

  Alone we wandered through those tndless

       worlds

  And lost Youth's right to claim Youth’s
      fruitful mate.

  Alone we sprawl with Memory’s bulging
      noons—

  While Fancy leads us through lost honey-
      moons—-

  My husky.”

  ■ Crazy was he, this old sourdough? Do-
ing things upside down and contrary to
tradition? Yes, clear out of his mind with
his intent to do for others! Such a story
of hard sense and gentle sacrifice to come
out of that passionate caldron that was the
Klondike—as crazy and at once as beau-
tiful as this mountain lake that staged her

royal sunsets in the east.....Long I

sat, blanket-wrapped and alone, by the
shimmering waters, the moon-tipped moun-
tains standing sentinel over my musings,
and dreamed my own dream of that Lost
Honeymoon.
A Pledge Redeemed

         The men of St. Andrews were up against the
         battle of'their lives in this stirring story by the
         author of “Landlocked Wings." You will great-
         ly enjoy the tale of how it was fought and won.

  ^By Homer King Gordon

                    Illustrated by Frank Hoban

ALTHOUGH the college of St. An-
drews was only a six-hour journey
Lfrom his Chicago home, Rodney
Stephens had stayed away from it, his alma
mater, for twenty-five years. He was go-
ing back now, not because he wanted to,
but because his son had left him no other
alternative.

  Jack Stephens had telegraphed:

  Dad:

    This is my last football game. Kathleen
  is coming. I have told her you would take
  her to the game. You who taught me foot-
  ball have never seen me play. I want you
  here more than I have ever wanted any-
  thing else. Please forget business and come.
  Wire me when you will arrive.

                                     Jack.

  Business—as he reread the telegram on
the train bearing him toward St. Andrews,
Rodney Stephens wondered if his son had
ever suspected the “business” excuses given
in the past were only manufactured alibis.

  He wondered if Jack suspected the truth,
that he, Rodney Stephens, had been
stretched on memory’s torture-rack for the
past twenty-five years, painfully living over
and over again a football game played on
the St. Andrews gridiron.

    Scattered throughout the world are liv-
  ing monuments whose lives are dedicated
  to decades of self-imposed penance over
  something that everyone else has forgotten
  —or never knew. Rodney Stephens was
  such a man.

    His associates knew him as a lion-hearted
  business wizard. By nerve and bulldog
  courage he had built a chain of grain ele-
  vators, and through years of lean crops
  and cyclones he had fought off ruin and
  made a fortune for himself and for the
  men who had pledged their faith with him.

    In appearance he was a fighter. There
  was no surplus fat on his tall, powerful
  body. At forty-five his eyes were as keen
  as they had been at twenty, and he moved
  with the same easy athletic grace, for hard
  work and careful training had kept him
  in condition.

  17OR several years after his graduation

  *	from St. Andrews, Rodney Stephens
  had kept physically fit for a purpose. He
  had meant to go back, take one more
  year’s work on some pretext and play one
  more season of football, or at least one
  more game. In it he planned to wipe out
  the stigma of that incident in his football
  34
A Pledge Redeemed

35

By Homer King Gordon

career which had haunted his memory ever
since it happened.

  When this cherished plan had become
impossible, he stayed away entirely. Now
it was hard to go back, but to make it
easier he had chosen a train that would
arrive in St. Andrews well after dark on
the evening before the big game. In an-
swer to his son’s telegram he had wired
not to bother about meeting him as his
plans were indefinite, but that he was com-
ing. To further avoid old classmates, who
might possibly be on the same train, he
took a drawing-room and went into it as
soon as the train gates were opened.

  As soon as he arrived in St. Andrews
he intended taking a taxi to the nearest
hotel where he could stay in seclusion until
the next morning; then he would telephone
Jack and have him bring Kathleen over
to the hotel where they could visit and
possibly have luncheon. Kathleen would
some day be his daughter-in-law. He re-
membered her only as one of Jack’s sand-
pile playmates.

  When the train arrived in St. Andrews,
Rodney Stephens tried to be the last pas-
senger off the coach. The station platform
was seething with people, but as he stepped
down the vestibule steps he heard Jack’s
voice:

  “There he is!”

  A lithe young giant plowed through the
crowd and grabbed him around the shoul-
ders. “Hullo there, you old war-horse!
This is Kathleen, Dad—where in Sam Hill
are you, Kath?”

  A radiant girl slipped out from behind
his son’s back and excitedly hugged Rod-
ney Stephens.

  “What are you trying to do, Kath?”
Jack demanded.

  “Kiss him, of course!”

  “Did you?”

  Rodney Stephens felt himself pulled
along through the jam, the girl dragging
at one arm and his son at the other.

  “I kissed some one!” Kathleen chuckled
triumphantly.

  “Where’s my bag?” Rodney struggled
feebly to free himself.

  “It’s all right,” Jack assured him. “I
had a couple of scrubs waiting, ready to
carry a trunk if you brought one.”

  “Where are we going?”

  The crowd seemed to be falling back as
though they had all been waiting for his
arrival.

  “Here he is!” he heard Jack sing out.

  “R-r-r-rah! R-r-r-rah! R-r-r-rah! Old
Rod Stephens! R-r-r-r-r-rah!”—some
three hundred voices gave him welcome.
Then back of them a band began to play
the school anthem and the crowd stood
hushed, with bared heads.

  As the music ceased, a smiling elderly
man stepped from an open-topped car hung
with the St. Andrews colors. Rodney Ste-
phens’ class pennant draped the engine
hood.

  “Dad, meet Doctor Campbell, President
of St. Andrews.”

  “I wasn’t here in your time.” The elder-
ly man smiled and offered his hand. “But
now I am a part of St. Andrews, and for
the college I bid you welcome after a long
absence, Mr. Stephens. We are proud of
our old traditions and of our old heroes.
I think we are now supposed to get into
the car,” he finished, with a cordiality too
sincere to be feigned.

  “But I don’t understand,” Rodney Ste-
phens protested bewilderedly.

  “Get in, Dad!” Jack pushed him up
to the flag-draped car and shoved him
through the door. “You ought to realize
by this time that you’re the homecoming
hero!”

VV/HEN Rodney was seated by the school
president’s side Jack jumped in beside
the driver and the car slipped in line be-
hind the band.

  “Where is Kathleen?” Rodney asked
helplessly.

  “Oh, she’s back there in the mob some-
where.” His son waved at the cheering,
singing students who marched behind the
car. “She’ll get a chance at you all to-
morrow afternoon, but tonight you belong
to the football team. We can’t be both-
ered with a. girl tonight. Kath under-
stands.”

  “It’s remarkable how things have
changed since you and I were youngsters,
isn’t it?” President Campbell observed
dryly.

  “Doctor, is he what you expected?” Jack
asked from the front seat.

  “In appearance, yes,” the elderly pro-
fessor acknowledged. “But from what
Jack and others have told me,” he added
to Rodney, “I rather expected you to rush
off the train steps and charge through the
crowd, breathing fire and brimstone and
emitting war-whoops.”

  Jack’s happy laugh rang out over the
blare of the band.
A Pledge Redeemed

  “We’ve knocked the wind out of him,”
he explained joyously. “Dad thought he
was slipping in unexpected and unan-
nounced. He hasn’t recovered from his
reception yet. Just wait—the fire and war-
whoops are in him all right!”

  “I’m still wondering how you knew when
I’d arrive,” Rodney Stephens said soberly.

  “Why do you think I keep buying candy
for your secretary?” Jack laughed. “When
she got through buying your railroad tick-
ets she went to the nearest telegraph office
and wired me your train number, when
it would arrive, what car you would be
on, and the letter of your drawing-room.
I got her telegram before I got yours.”
“It’s a reception I don’t deserve.”
“Nonsense,” President Campbell object-
ed gruffly. “My dear Mr. Stephens, you
are one of the traditional heroes of our
college. You were as famous in your day
as Jack is today. It is a privilege to pay
homage to real men. The homecoming of
you old St. Andrews men is an inspiration
to our undergraduates, and to our faculty.
I’d even venture to say that many a stu-
dent who came to meet your train tonight
will remember your coming when the foot-
ball game of tomorrow will be a thing of
forgotten history. And the memory of
your coming will probably mean much more
to them than the memory of anything that
might happen on the football field tomor-
row.”

  “No.” Rodney Stephens’ breath came
sharply. “Football means too much. If
I thought for an instant you were right,
I’d crawl off somewhere and hide.”

  “Football is no greater than the men
who play it,” the school president asserted
briefly. “And anyway, Mr. Stephens, you
can rest assured Jack and I aren’t going
to let you escape us now.”

  “I should say not,” Jack agreed. “Look
at that pile of logs waiting to be touched
off! That’s only one of your jobs, Dad!”
The gray stone towers of St. Andrews
rose before them. Surrounding the vine-
clad buildings were the same giant oaks
Rodney Stephens had known in his college
days. Off to one corner of the campus
were the dormitories. Far down the white
graveled road past the school chapel loomed
the banked rim of the football bowl. To
the right was the old gymnasium, and fol-
lowing a custom that had originated even
before the time of Rodney Stephens, there
in its boulder-lined urn lay the sacred pyre
of St. Andrews.

THE BLUE

/''XNT the grass-covered slopes of the nat-
ural amphitheater surrounding the fire
urn were hundreds of students, waiting
silently for the beginning of the ceremony.
There was no demonstration as Jack and
the elderly school president escorted Rod-
ney Stephens to the edge of the gigantic
urn. The cheering mob that had followed
his car from the railroad station now melt-
ed away in silence. Quietly the band took
its appointed place.

  Almost apologetically, a cornet sounded
the pitch note. Then the sacred fire song
of St. Andrews swelled from the throats of
the assembled hundreds; solemn and beau-
tiful, its majestic rhythm echoed through
the giant oaks. When the last note died
away, President Campbell stepped forward.
His voice rang out clear and strong:

  “Men and women of St. Andrews, we
have built a bonfire. This pile of dead-
wood is a pledge. Each one of you has
placed your offering upon it—it is our oath
of good sportsmanship. Win or lose, by
the fagots you have cast upon this pyre,
you have sworn to uphold the honor and
the tradition of St. Andrews. It is our
offering to the memory of the men and
women who have made good the name of
our college, our heritage.

  “According to our traditions, I give this
taper to John Stephens, our football cap-
tain, that he may have the sacred pyre of
St. Andrews fired, on this the eve of our
last football game of the season.”

TTHE son of Rodney Stephens took from
President Campbell the proffered silver
lamp with its flaming oil wick, and faced
the assemblage, his voice trembling with
pride as he spoke:

  “We are honored tonight with the pres-
ence of Rodney Stephens, a famous captain
of a famous St. Andrews team that will
never be forgotten. I can’t tell my dad
what I think of him before so many wit-
nesses, but I guess he knows that we’re
all proud of him. If the pledges we have
put on this bonfire mean as much to us
as the pledge he burned years ago, then
maybe St. Andrews will some day be
equally proud of us.”

  He gulped and stopped suddenly, his
voice husky.

  “Here,”—turning to his father he held
out the flickering lamp,—“light it! I’m
talked out.”

  In the hush that followed Rodney Ste-
phens took a pair of gloves from his pocket
BOOK MAGAZINE

37

By Homer King Gordon

and cast them high up on the pile of logs.
Then after a moment of hesitation, he held
the silver lamp to the sacred pyre. With
a roar the flames caught in the dry tinder
and leaped heavenward.

   Instantly the crowd on the slopes rushed
down to the edge of the bonfire, starting
a revel that would be continued until late
into the night. In the confusion that fol-
lowed, Rodney Stephens was dragged away.
Jack hustled him through a hand-shaking,
back-slapping mob blocking their path, to
a little roadster parked on a side drive.

  Just as they were about to climb into
the car they were overtaken by a lumber-
ing, thick-set figure that had chased them
from the fire urn.

  “Hey there, you old outlaw!” the new-
comer puffed. “I want to shake hands
with you.”

  “It’s Tim Hawkins,” Jack explained un-
der his breath.

  Rodney whirled with outstretched hands.
“I would never have know you, Tim! ”
“Fat an’ forty-seven,” Tim gasped. “An’
when I run I sound like my valves’d blown
out. But I come back every year an’ try
to tell ’em how to play football the way
we used to play it.”

“How’s the leg?” Rodney laughed.
“Sound as a dollar and bigger’n a bar-
rel,” Tim chuckled. “How’s your ribs?”
“Oh, I wasn’t hurt much.” In the dark-
ness Rodney Stephens felt himself flush-
ing and a hard lump rose in his throat.

  “You can’t tell me that!” Tim declared
heatedly. “I did all the hollering and he
did all the suffering. Don’t let him kid
you, Jack—he was knocked so flat he
couldn’t yell.”

   “He isn’t fooling me any,” replied Jack,
as he came around the car and shook hands.

  “Where are you started for?” Tim asked
hopefully. “The clubhouse?”

  Jack nodded. “I’m afraid we’ll have to
beat it, too.”

“That’s all right,” Tim rejoined. “I
just wanted to shake hands with the old
boy before he got out of running distance.”
“Can’t we take Tim with us?” Rodney
proposed.

   “No,” Tim protested hastily, “I’m going
back to the bonfire. I’ll see you tomor-
row.”

  “Tim broke his leg in our last game,”
Rodney explained as they drove off.

   “We have all heard about it,” was Jack’s
dry answer.

  “What do you mean?”

  “Tim never misses an opportunity to tell
the story. He is a considerably advertised
football martyr. As a matter of fact, didn’t
he just make his football letter?”

  “Yes,” Rodney admitted. “But he
played for four years on the scrubs, Jack.”
“We all give him credit for gameness,
Dad,” Jack apologized quickly. “But to-
night our football team wants to listen to
a man who played four years on the var-
sity.”

  Rodney did not answer. But as they
speeded through the darkness, the resolu-
tion he had made as he touched off the
football pyre began slipping away.

IN order to escape the noise and excitement
which attended the bonfire celebration
on the campus, the St. Andrews football
team always spent the night before their
last big game of the season at a near-by
country club.

  During the fire-lighting ceremonies the
football squad had looked on from the crest
of the amphitheater, ready to leave as soon
as the fire began to blaze; and they were
already at the country club when Rodney
and Jack drove up.

  Chad Weinert, veteran coach and train-
er, was waiting on the veranda steps.

  “Well, Rod,” he said, affectionately ex-
ploring the former St. Andrews star with
an experienced finger, “I believe you could
still play football! You’re a living exam-
ple of my lectures on what football ought
to make out of a man. Come in and be
exhibited.”

  The test Rodney Stephens dreaded came
later in the evening, after the introductions
were over and the entire football squad
had assembled in the big living-room.

  “Men,” the coach said seriously, “make
yourselves comfortable. Old Rod Stephens
is going to make you a little talk. But
before he begins, I want to tell you some-
thing about him. Rod Stephens came to
St. Andrews a natural-born football player.
He was ahvays in condition. Look at him
now—not an ounce of surplus fat! Play-
ing football came to him as naturally as
eating and putting on fat comes to some
of you fellows. Rod was a quarterback,
as you all know. With him on the field
running the team I could sit back on the
bench and rest easy. Instinctively he
knew more football than I did. When-
ever I had a hard football problem or job,
I called in Rod. He took care of it. Rod
only failed me once.”
A Pledge Redeemed

  Cold beads of perspiration broke out on
Rodney Stephens’ brow—he had always
suspected that the old coach had known!

  “That was in the last game of his St.
Andrews career,” Weinert continued. “We
were playing Baden University, the same
team we play tomorrow. Their entire team
was instructed to get Rod Stephens. Well,
when the game was about half over they
got him—and we lost the game.” The old
coach chuckled.

  “I don’t know why I was disappointed,
for it took their whole team to finally put
him out. He was the greatest football
player I ever had on one of my teams,
though maybe he can inspire Jack or some
others of you tonight so that I’ll have to
revise my opinion. That’s why I want him
to talk to you. Come on, Rod—tell us
how it’s done.”

  For a moment Rodney Stephens sat in
a daze of astonishment. The denounce-
ment he had expected had not come. In-
stead the old coach was holding him up
as a super-player! His lips were dry and
stiff as he tried to speak.

  “Men,” he began. “I— Coach Weinert
overestimates me. Football has changed in
the last twenty-five years. It isn’t the
same game I once played. There isn’t any
thing I can tell you, except—” He faltered
for an instant, groping for a way to begin.
“Just as Jack and I started out here we
met Tim Hawkins.”

  The mention of Tim Hawkins brought a
frank guffaw from his listeners. For an
instant a sharp rebuke hung on Rodney
Stephens’ lips. But the eager, expectant
faces of his audience choked it back un-
uttered. Instead he threw back his head
and chuckled with them.

  “I’m afraid,” he said slowly, “that Tim
has spoiled his otherwise fine football rec-
ord by talking too much; and I’d hate to
ruin mine that way!”

  The football squad roared its apprecia-
tion. He was telling them what they want-
ed to hear. Rodney Stephens realized this
and deliberately he continued to give them
what they wanted and expected.

  “I don’t know how it happened,” he
went on. “But in my time we could al-
ways expect Baden University to have a
team which would outweigh us at least
five pounds to the man. Baden U. went
in for choice bottle-fed beef. Of course,
that is their own affair. Personally, I’m
a firm believer in the old adage: ‘The
bigger they are the harder they fall.’ ”

THE BLUE

38

  For five or ten minutes he artfully played
to the vanity and confidence of his audi-
ence. There wasn’t a single serious over-
tone in his talk. He flattered and coaxed
the men before him into a howl of ap-
proval; then Coach Weinert ordered them
all to bed.

  In the long hours of the night that fol-
lowed Rodney Stephens realized that for
the second time in his career, he had failed.
And when sleep finally came to him, it
brought with it the specter of an exulting
dervish whirling and dancing on a pile of
burning logs and shrieking in triumph as
it held aloft a pair of gloves that would
not bum.

VWHEN the starting-time of the big game
approached on the following day,
Rodney Stephens had had no opportunity
to redeem himself. Kathleen had motored
out to the country club after breakfast and
taken him in charge. Under her deter-
mined guidance he had visited classroom
after classroom, meeting old teachers and
alumni, and keeping himself on exhibit gen-
erally. Although he had tried to -suggest
to her that these were just the things he
wanted to escape, Kathleen had instantly
suspected him of not wanting to bore her
with his old friends, and had redoubled her
efforts to find more of them.

  After their luncheon was over, in sheer
self-defense Rodney proposed that they go
early to the football stadium and watch the
big crowd assemble.

  “If you are sure there isn’t anyone else
you want to see,” she agreed reluctantly.
“I’m positive,” Rodney sighed.

  They arrived at the football bowl just
as the gates were opened. Kathleen hand-
ed the tickets to the gatekeeper, who whis-
tled shrilly for an usher.

“President’s box,” Rodney heard the
usher instructed; “—just follow him, sir.”
They were led down a long concrete
ramp to a box on the level of the sod and
directly behind the St. Andrews bench.

  “Is there anything else, sir?” the under-
graduate usher asked deferentially.

  Rodney shook his head and thanked him,
but as the usher went back to his post he
stopped long enough to whisper to one of
the program boys who rushed over with
two programs outstretched. Rodney me-
chanically reached in his pocket for change,
but the boy would not accept his money.

  “They’re complimentary to the presi-
dent’s guests, sir,” he explained shyly.
BOOK MAGAZINE

39

 “But,” Rodney protested, “don’t you
 have to pay for all the copies you don’t
 turn in?”

 “That makes it all the more of an honor
 to give them to you, Mr. Stephens,” the
 boy declared earnestly.

When he had gone Rodney turned to
Kathleen, whose eyes were sparkling with
pride and mischief.

 “Young lady,” he said sternly, “why in

By Homer King Gordon

 berly. “I’m the one who talks too much,
 I’m afraid.”

  Tim’s laughing answer was drowned in
some noisy newcomers’ yells from the top
of the stands. The Baden University band
came on the field and the crowd rose to
give it welcome. During the confusion Tim
ambled away.

  The St. Andrews band came on the field
next, marching with stiff, precise steps

the devil didn’t you tell me that we were
going to sit stuck out in the middle of the
field in President Campbell’s box?”
“Perhaps I rather w'anted to have every-
one see me sitting out here with you,” she
confessed.

  “If I could think of a single excuse I’d
leave you sitting here by yourself,” he
grumbled. “No wonder Jack didn’t let me
have the tickets!”

  With her face buried in the great arm-
ful of chrysanthemums Jack had thought-
fully provided, Kathleen managed to look
properly contrite and adorable.

  “Tell me about your speech last night
to the football team,” she requested. “Jack
said it was the best one he had ever heard.
The boys all thought it was wonderful.”
He managed to divert her attention to
something else, but he could not check the
bitter memories that her request had
brought surging through his mind. A little
later as the crowds jammed in, Tim Haw-
kins came shouting along the aisle and
stopped for a moment.

  “I heard last night you accused me of
talking too much, Rod,” Tim said with a
good-natured laugh. There was no malice
in the big fellow’s voice—he took it as a
good joke.

  “I’m sorry, Tim,” Rodney answered so-

until it was abreast of the box where Rod-
ney and Kathleen sat. At a flourish of the
bandmaster’s baton, it swung in toward
the box and came to an abrupt halt. Two
cheer-leaders sprang up and called for si-
lence.

  First came the St. Andrews football song,
followed by nine cheers for the team.

  Again the yell-leaders called for silence.

  “Here’s old Rod Stephens,” one of them
shouted. “Let’s give him the Old-Timers’
Song.”

  Led by the band the rooting section sang.
After it was over Rodney was forced to
his feet for a bow. And then the rooters
gave him nine to acknowledge his bow.

  President Campbell and his wife entered
the box, which was again made the center
of attention. But suddenly the stands were
hushed. At the end of the stadium two
uniformed attendants were opening the
players’ gate.

  Through this entrance a few seconds la-
ter came the St. Andrews team, led by
Jack Stephens. After the team, came the
long line of substitutes streaming to the
bench to huddle like so many Indians un-
der the blue-and-gold blankets marked with
a golden “A,” while the first team went
through a brief signal practice on the play-
ing field.
A Pledge Redeemed

  The roar and tumult which greeted the
blue-and-gold jerseys of St. Andrews had
hardly died down when the big team of
Baden University charged out from under
the concrete stands.

  St. Andrews kicked off. Baden received.

  As Rodney Stephens had been in his
day, Jack Stephens was now the offensive
threat of St. Andrews. In addition to the
kicking and running of Rodney’s time Jack
could hurl a forward pass with deadly ac-
curacy. As his team waited, poised for
the dash down field, he dropped back to
kick. A second later the ball went spin-
ning toward the far comer of the field,
a perfect kick. It was high enough to let
his men get down on the Baden end, who
had received the ball before the inter-
ference could be formed.

  “Look!” Rodney sprang to his feet and
pointed at his son. Two Baden players
had pinned him to the ground and, with
a crash, a third one flung himself on the
prostrate player as they watched. After
his kick Jack had been the last St. An-
drews man to go down the field. The at-
tack on him had been unnecessary, made
after the referee’s whistle had blown. It
meant but one thing to Rodney Stephens’
football-trained mind.

  “They’re trying to take him out,” he
muttered, his fists clenched. “They’re try-
ing to get him!”

  Jack shook himself free of the three
Baden men and trotted back'to his de-
fensive position.

  “He wasn’t hurt,” Kathleen laughed re-
lievedly.

  Twice the big Baden team tried to pierce
the St. Andrews line and twice it was
thrown back for a loss. With the ball on
their own fifteen-yard line, on the third
down Baden elected to kick. Jack received
the punt and ran the ball back ten yards
before he was downed under a pile of
striped jerseys.

  Again Jack got up sturdily, barking sig-
nals as he scrambled to his feet. From an
open formation, he took the ball himself
on a direct pass from the center, and head
down charged through the Baden line off
tackle. The headlinesman marked up an
eight-yard gain.

  “He fooled them that time,” Rodney
boasted; “they thought they had him
scared.”

  “Jack’s something like his father, when
it comes to being scared, isn’t he, Miss
Kathleen?” President Campbell remarked

THE BLUE

with a smile. Kathleen nodded proudly.

  On the next play, the St. Andrews full-
back made more than the two yards neces-
sary for a first down. Again Jack was
buried under a pile of Baden players.

  “They’re keeping at him, Kathleen,”
Rodney explained, his voice tense. “They’ll
try to hammer him to pieces.”

  “They can’t make him quit trying,” she
declared, confidently. “They would kill
him first.”

  Rodney did not answer. He was think-
ing of another Baden team. It had been
twenty-five years, but he could still remem-
ber the way it had pounded him, down
after down, into final defeat.

•"THE first quarter ended with little ad-
vantage to either team. After pene-
trating the enemy territory at the start
of the game, St. Andrews had gradually
lost the ground it had gained. What ad-
vantage the Baden team had in weight was
offset by the greater speed of the St. An-
drews warriors. As the second quarter
continued, it became apparent to the spec-
tators that the fight would be mainly a
question of endurance and stamina, or a
lucky break.

  Such a break came quicker than anyone
expected, and with disastrous results to the
hopes of St. Andrews. Baden kicked.
Jack, under the shadow of his own goal,
might have signaled for a fair catch. It
was a long high punt, with a twist which
made it dangerous to handle. It might
have rolled on out of bounds, but the
Baden ends were down on him and he
was afraid to let them have a chance to
touch the ball before it rolled over the
line, or perhaps have it bounce off at right
angles and be grounded with no gain.

  Instead he tried to catch the ball and
run it back. It was a perfect catch but
his arms had hardly cradled the ball when
a Baden end hit him from the right side,
driving him against another enemy tackier
from the left. A third Baden man crashed
into him head on and high. The ball flew
from his grasp and rolled across the goal
line into the arms of another Baden player.

  A touchdown had been made.

  Jack lay where he had fallen. Time out
was called. Finally he staggered to his feet
and called his men into formation, but as
the visitors’ rooting section roared, Baden
completed the kick that gave them the
additional point.

  Twice in the few minutes that remained
BOOK MAGAZINE

of the second quarter, time had to be called
out for Jack Stephens. Each time he got
up a little weaker, reeling more. And af-
ter each time he went down, the big
team made additional gains. They were

41

<•11
—i „-i * 'It: •

A	«*.* Jm.. •

By Homer King Gordon

  “I hoped you would come.” The veter-
an coach turned to his team: “Men, keep
on with what you are doing, but listen.”

  “Shoot, Dad,” Jack invited with a pain-
ful attempt at a grin.

“Men of St. Andrews,” Rodney said
slowly, “I have something to teU you.

The Baden warrior
fled, while the St.
Andrews stands
howled with delight.

within ten yards of the St. Andrews goal
line when the half ended.

  There was a marked difference in the
way the two teams left the field. Baden
trotted off jauntily and confidently; St.
Andrews wearily with heads bowed.

  “I wonder if he’s hurt badly.” Kath-
leen’s voice trembled.

  With his hands clenched in his pockets,
Rodney Stephens stared hard at the field.

  “The cowards!” Kathleen half sobbed.

  “Wait here, Kathleen,” Rodrcey com-
manded grimly. “I’m going to their dress-
ing-room.”

  He vaulted from the box and strode off
toward the players’ gate, his ehin thrown
out and his shoulders back, totally unmind-
ful of the buzz of comments that followed
his progress across the field.

  “Looks as though history was repeating
itself, Rod,” Chad Weinert said, greeting
him with a rueful smile.

  Scattered about the dressing-room with
its reeking odors of perspiration, liniment,
and sodden leather, were the St. Andrews
players, some resting, some in the hands
of rubbers. Two men were working over
Jack, who lay stripped on a rubbing-table.

  “I want to talk to your men, Chad.”
Rodney’s voice was strained and sharp.

Twenty-five years ago I played my last
game for our old college. In that game
eleven men of Baden University set out to
get me. Coach Weinert told you last night
that finally they did. That isn’t true.”
With his eyes averted and turned away
from his son, Rodney continued: “They
didn’t get me. Men, I—I quit!”

  Only Jack’s sharp gasp was audible in
the instant’s awkward pause that followed.

  “Men,” Rodney confessed simply, “last
night when I lighted the sacred St. Andrews
bonfire, I made a pledge that I’d tell you
this before the night was over. When I
faced you last night it was with that in-
tention—but I couldn’t go through with
it. I couldn’t bear to humiliate my boy
and his pride in m,y football fame.”

  Coach Weinert made a quick motion to
interrupt but Rodney waved him back.

  “Can you realize how the memory of my
yellowness has haunted me for the past
A Pledge Redeemed

42

twenty-five years?” he asked. “That is
the reason I have never come back! I
couldn’t bear to face the towers of St.
Andrews. I’ve lied to Jack to keep from
coming—for I was ashamed to come.”

  With almost a sob of disappointment
Jack buried his face in his arms.

  “When I mentioned Tim Hawkins last
night, I meant to tell you—but you all
laughed and my nerve left me. Men, I
was a bom football player—it came easy
to me. Tim Hawkins was the most awk-
ward man who ever put on a football suit.
For four years he endured gibes and jeers
and ridicule, but he would not give up.
Finally he made the St. Andrews line in my
last big game and men, he held his ground
until they carried him off the field with a
broken leg. And then he fought to get
back in!”

  He paused and walked over to the table
where Jack lay with heaving shoulders.
With one hand on his son’s quivering back,
he went on:

  “Gentlemen,” he said quietly, “it isn’t
the loss of a game that matters. Some one
must lose. It is the loss of your self-respect
that counts. Many a time in the years that
have followed my football days I have been
tempted to lay down. I would not have
been blamed. Men didn’t blame me for
quitting the football field when I did. Even
Coach Weinert thought I could go no
farther. But in my heart I knew better;
and I’ve fought for the men who had faith
in me, even after they themselves quit
fighting—and I’ve come through.”

  He waited for the significance of his
words to sink into the minds of his lis-
teners.

  “Gentlemen,” he concluded, “each one
of you has made a pledge to St. Andrews.
Whether you win this game today or
whether you lose it will not affect the honor
of St. Andrews, but men, if you go off
the football field this afternoon without
giving everything that it is in you to give,
you will have disgraced the sacred name
of your college and in your hearts you will
have left a scar that time cannot heal.
Will you be able to come back in future
years as Tim Hawkins comes, joyously
happy that he gave all that was in him
for the cause he was pledged to uphold—
or will you come back as I have come,
miserably unhappy and ashamed to show
yourselves in the presence of the gray
towers you have failed?”

  With bowed head Rodney turned toward

By Homer King Gordon

the door, his confession done—but Jack
blocked his way.

  “Dad,”—the tears were streaming down
his son’s face but his chin was proudly
up,—“I don’t know what happened twen-
ty-five years ago and furthermore I don’t
care, but I do know that it takes more
nerve than I ever dreamed a man could
have, to stand up and say what you have
just told us! I’m prouder of you now
than I have ever been!”

  With one arm around his father’s shoul-
ders he turned to his team.

  “Men,” he said grimly, “Dad has put
his finger on- what is wrong with us. We
have been trying to lay down. I’ve tried
harder than any of the rest of you. I’ve
just been waiting to be knocked out, but
God help the Baden man who tries to put
me out when I go back on the field!”

  The inarticulate growl of men incapable
of speech answered for the team.

  “Now, Dad,” Jack finished affectionate-
ly, “go out and tell the whole cockeyed
world to watch us come back!”

  A warning whistle blew outside the door
and some one announced that the rest
period was up. The two 'teams were lining
up for the third-quarter kick-off when Rod-
ney got back to the box.

  “If you think Jack’s hurt, just watch
him!” he reassured Kathleen.

A GAIN the ball sailed away from Jack’s
**■ toe toward the far corner of the field,
and, as before, two Baden players came at
the kicker. But the results this time were
different. Head down, Jack charged at the
larger of the two. His impact threw the
astonished Baden player clear of the turf
and left him lying senseless on his back.
Whirling, Jack flung himself on the second
man who originally rushed down at him.
Seeking instinctive self-preservation, the
Baden wariaor turned and fled, while the
St. Andrews stands howled with delight.

  That was the way the third quarter
started. When the game ended, the score
stood twenty-six to seven, in favor of St.
Andrews.

  As Tim Hawkins dragged him on the
field to lead the victorious snake-dance,
Rodney Stephens realized that at last the
chalk-mark against his name had been
erased from the big Book of Life. By
his confession he had found his conscience-
freed soul, and his exultant war-whoop was
more than a cry of victory—it was a prayer
of thanksgiving!
On the Midnight Tide

           The author of “McGoogan's Odyssey,” “The Four-
           fathom Wallop” and many another noted story is
           at his best in this fine salty tale of sea-adventure.

       ‘By Carl Clausen

                      Illustrated by L. R. Gustavson

MARTIN ROSS, skipper of the brig-
antine Jerjalcon, stopped in his pac-
ing of the deck and removed his
pipe from his mouth. Straining his eyes
into the darkness to starboard, he listened
intently.

  A mile distant from the Jerfalcon’s an-
chorage twinkled a small cluster of lights
on the crescented shoreline of the lagoon.
The night before, when the brigantine had
swept through the reef-bound entrance,
there had been no lights there, but with a
pearler in the roadstead old Tsi Hung had
removed his shutters and garnished his old
rookery of a dance-hall. Now across the
still lagoon bursts of revelry came faintly
to Captain Ross’ ears. He shrugged his
shoulders. The boys were entitled to their
blowout after the seven weeks of arduous
toil on the pearling grounds of the Gulf.

  The night was oppressively hot—little or
no improvement on the stifling day that
had died in tropical haste two hours earlier.
The Captain’s eyes traced the dark shore-
line sunk in ragged pitchblack shadows,
adamantine in their opaqueness. The air
was heavy with the odor of leathery foliage.
A sea-blown firefly hummed through the
rigging above his head, a slow-moving point
of light whose progress seemed impeded by
the heavy, humid atmosphere.

  Again he listened. Between the bursts
of revelry his alert ears caught a soft click-
ing sound as of oarlocks moving in their
sockets, with stealth, he thought, then dis-
missed the notion. Some belated fisherman
returning from the reef with snapper, he
decided. Knocking the ashes from his pipe,
he took a turn about the deck to see that
everything WTas snug and tight. The crew
On the Midnight Tide

44

THE BLUE

would probably not return until daylight,
so it was no use staying up for them.
Ryan, the mate, would see to it that they
kept reasonably sober. Steady youngster,
Ryan. He’d make a good skipper some
day—no nonsense about him! If it hadn’t
been for him, Ross would never have let
them take the surfboat. The other boat
had been smashed in a sea off Cape York.
He hoped the boys would keep their mouths
shut.

  It had been a profitable season, he re-
flected. Below hatches there were a hun-
dred and eight-odd tons of shell, good
grade, heavy and pink-edged, worth in the
neighborhood of two hundred dollars a ton
on the wharf at San Francisco. The small
safe in the chartroom contained some eight-
een thousand dollars’ worth of pearls that
might attract some of the renegades who
attach themselves like leeches to the cheap
dance-halls of Western Oceania. Yes, he
certainly hoped the boys would keep their
mouths shut!

/''’OING forward, he examined the cable
and noted by its tautness that the tide
was running out fast. When he craned his
neck over the side he saw two black scimi-
tar-shaped points cleaving the two-knot
current less than ten feet from the bow
of the vessel. He shivered. The lagoon
of Tangu was one of the most notoriously
shark-infested sheets of water under the
Southern Cross.

  He looked to the riding-light, trimmed
its wick, and adjusted it until it burned
a steady white flame, then crossed to the
forehatch where a small canvas-covered
one-man canoe lay bottom up. He had
given it its last coat of waterproof paint
during the day. Touching it with the tips
of his fingers, he noted with satisfaction
that the paint was dry.

  He smiled softly as he thought of the
cries of delight that would issue from little
Mart’s lips when he saw that canoe. Ross
had promised him one for his twelfth birth-
day, a month hence. He had built it him-
self between watches, modeling it from a
memory-picture of an Eskimo kayak. Like
the kayak, its waterproof compartments
made it unsinkable. Little Mart could
paddle safely and to his heart’s content
from one end of San Francisco Bay to the
other. As it would hold only one person,
there’d be no danger of complications with
the lad’s other playmates.

  Ross sighed as he remembered his wife’s

words of protest every time the subject of
a canoe came up.

  “I know what you’re trying to do, Skip-
per;”—“Skipper” was her term of endear-
ment for him,—“you’re trying to make a
sailor of him and take him away from me.
It’s bad enough to be sitting on Telegraph
Hill waiting for a husband to stick his head
through the door twice a year! Have a
heart, Skipper—he was born web-footed,
as it is!”

  Ross didn’t blame Ellen. He supposed
it got pretty lonesome for her at times.
She was a good scout and a fine manager.
It was her saving and her managing that
had kept him from dry-rotting in a mate’s
berth, and that had enabled him to buy
the Jerfalcon three years ago—one-third
cash and a mortgage for the balance. This
trip would make it easier, though. The
pearls in the safe were all velvet. With the
proceeds of their sale he’d be able to clear
off the balance due on the brigantine, which
was mighty lucky. The bank had been
fussing about carrying him any longer and
shipping securities were not attractive to
individual investors since the post-war
slump.

  But he’d be able to take care of the
whole sum now and have enough left over
to pay down on a cottage on Euclid Heights
in Berkeley where Ellen could see the fog
roll through the Golden Gate, without hav-
ing to live in it.

  There were mighty few women like Ellen,
he reflected. He was lucky all right!

  Well, he would show her how greatly he
appreciated her, Ross resolved. Her life
should soon be easier. Five years more—
if things went well—and he’d have another
vessel, a sister to the Jerfalcon. Handy rig,
the brigantine, for these latitudes where
you run before the trade-winds for days
at a time. He’d hire skippers to run them
and rent himself an office downtown.
“The Ross Navigation Company” would
look fine on a frosted pane. And Ellen
rolling down at four-thirty in the afternoon
in a closed car with plate-glass windows
and a shasta daisy in a cut-glass vase!

  With these pleasant visions in his mind
he went below. Lighting the cuddy lamp
in his cabin, he went into the chartroom
adjoining, and gave the handle of the
small safe, which he’d had built into the
wall and which contained the pearls in
chamois-skin bags, a tug or two to assure
himself that it was locked securely; then
he went back into his cabin. The burn-
BOOK MAGAZINE

45

By Carl Clausen

ing cuddy lamp raised the already stifling
temperature of the small compartment per-
ceptibly, so he undressed quickly.

  When he hooked back the door of the
cabin for ventilation, he caught sight of
his face in the mirror on the wall and he
grinned at the image he saw reflected
therein—on the pearling grounds there had

water eddying under the brigantine’s stem.
The stealthy tread of bare feet along the
deck did not reach his consciousness at all,
so at the words, “Lie still or get this knife
between your ribs!” he merely opened his
eyes and blinked dazedly at the dark figure
bending over him. His eyes traveled to the
knife whose point was pressed against a

been no time for the little niceties of life.
His gray eyes twinkled as he wondered
what Ellen would say if she could see him
with that seven-weeks’ growth of reddish-
brown beard.

  Turning out the cuddy lamp, he rolled
into his bunk. It was too hot for covers.
For a few minutes he lay listening in the
darkness to the southing of the tide under
the open porthole near his head. Then,
overcome by drowsiness and heat, he
dropped off to sleep.....

  Sometimes a subtle warning of danger
is transmitted to the sleeping mind. Bi-
ologists have tried to explain this with
solemn monographs on reflex action traced
back to arboreal ancestry. To Captain
Ross this warning came as he tossed in his
bunk on the borderland between sleeping
and waking. The warning was, however,
not insistent enough to awaken him fully.
The sound of muffled oars dipping in the
tide was synchronous with the swish of the

spot on his pajama suit immediately above
his heart, then to a second dark figure in
the act of holding a spluttering match to
the wick of the cuddy lamp.

  He made an ineffectual grab for the re-
volver under his pillow, but the man with
the knife anticipated the move. The pistol
fell clattering to the floor.

  “Another move like that and you’ll be
feeding the sharks!” the intruder said, as
his companion picked the gun up.

  Ross regarded the two through half-
closed lids. The fellow bending over him
with the knife was a white man—at least
his skin was white. The rest of his racial
characteristics were blurred by the dregs
of life. His small, pointed ears hugged the
close-cropped bullet head. A pair of black,
porcine eyes set much too wide apart
glared at Ross from beneath a brow fur-
rowed as if by habitual scowling. Nouhala,
the penal settlement of Oceania, was only
fifty miles to the west, Ross knew.
On the Midnight Tide

46

  The other, whose flat nose, high cheek-
bones and muddy complexion proclaimed
him a half-caste Malay, was loose-lipped,
vacuous of eye and slight of build. He was
also armed with a knife; he seemed to be
taking orders from his companion, and his
speech was the monosyllabic pidgin-Eng-
lish of his breed.

  Without removing his eyes from Ross’
face or the knife point from the Skipper’s
breast, the white man said to his com-
panion, holding out his left hand:

  “Give me the gun!”

  The half-caste complied, and the other
shifted the weapon to his right hand and
stepped back, with the muzzle pointed at
Ross’ head. Replacing the knife in his
belt, he reached for the pair of handcuffs
which hung on a nail at the foot of the
bunk. They were rusty from disuse, for
Ross did not believe in strong-arm methods.
He had never found it necessary to resort
to handcuffs. He had come upon them in
the chartroom locker among a lot of other
odds and ends when he had taken posses-
sion of the vessel three years earlier and
had kept them as a curiosity. He wished
now that he had acted upon his first im-
pulse and had thrown them overboard.

rT"HE man slipped one of the steel bands
about Ross’ right wrist and jerked the
Skipper to a sitting position.

  “Get up!” he ordered. “And if you
know what’s good for you, you wont try
anything funny,” he added.

  Ross slid out of the bunk. Had the man
been alone he’d have taken a chance on
knocking the gun out of his hand and grap-
pling with him, but with the two, such a
course would be suicide. The Malay’s
knife would be buried between his shoulder-
blades in a moment. Because there was
nothing else to do, the Skipper suffered
himself to be handcuffed to one of the iron
stanchions by which the bunk was sus-
pended from the ceiling.

  The man pocketed the gun and jerked his
thumb in the direction of the chartroom.

  “The combination of the safe,” he said,
“—and be quick about it!”

  Ross stalled for time.

  “I’ve forgotten it,” he lied. “Ryan, my
mate, has it written down on a piece of
paper. He’s ashore.”

  A hairy, knobbed fist shot out and
caught him a staggering blow on the
temple.

  “P’raps that’ll remind you!” the man

By Carl Clausen

said. “Kick through or be drilled
through!” His hand moved toward his
hip pocket, from which the handle of the
pistol protruded. '

  Ross’ head swam from the force of the
blow. A trickle of blood ran down his
cheek and into the comer of his mouth.

  “I’m telling you the truth!” he pro-
tested, thickly.

  The knotted fist drove through the air
again. Ross’ knees sagged at the impact.
Through vision blurred by purple and scar-
let flashes, the lights of Tsi Hung’s dance-
hall mocked him beyond the open porthole.

  “Do I get the combination or do I have
to shoot it out of you?” the man growled,
thrusting his face within a foot of Ross’,
his evil, wide-set eyes glittering in the
smoky flare of the cuddy lamp.

D OSS said nothing. His throbbing head
slumped forward against the cool iron
stanchion. The loss of the pearls meant
disaster, final and absolute. Five years of
work for nothing and all his savings gone,
the cottage on Euclid Heights an unrealized
dream, and worst of all, no college for
little Mart! At a forced sale the Jerfalcon
would fetch little above her incumbrance,
with freight rates as they were at present,
many better bottoms being idle for lack
of charter.

  He stared smokily through the porthole
at the mocking lights of Tsi Hung’s; also
at something else: a rope that moved up
and down within a foot or two of the
aperture. To his tortured vision it ap-
peared like a hair laid across the lens of a
telescope. It dropped out of sight only
to reappear and pass between him and the
twinkling lights. He tried to think what
it could be; then it came to him in a
flash.

  He heard the voice of his inquisitor as
from a long distance:

  “P’raps this’ll make you talk!”

  He glanced down at the knife-point
touching his chest, which his assailant had
bared with the wrench of an arm. As the
point gashed his skin, he merely gritted his
teeth. A plan was forming in his mind,
but he must not give in too quickly, lest
they become suspicious.

IT became a battle between fortitude and
1 avarice, between the cunning of the
trapper and the greater cunning of the
trapped, whose wits had been sharpened
by desperation. Again and again the
The knotted fist drove through the air
again. Ross’ knees sagged at the impact.

needle-like point of the knife seared his
breast, bleeding now from half a dozen
shallow gashes. The Malay half-breed
stood by, blinking, his long arms dangling
at his loins and his lower lip drooping
askew.

  The other drew the knife in a final slash
across Ross’ chest, then stepped over to
the cuddy lamp. Removing the chimney,
he thrust the point of the knife into the
flame, and held it there until it glowed
red.

  “This’ll make you talk, you —,” he said
between his teeth and he brought the glow-
ing point within an inch of Ross’ cheek.

  “I’ll tell!” cried Ross, shrinking from the
red-hot metal in feigned terror.

  “I thought that would make you listen
to reason,” the other said triumphantly.
“Do your little sum, and don’t make any
mistake in addition—or you’ll get well
scorched.”

  Ross called off the numbers.

  “Got a pencil?” said the other.

  “There’s one in the pocket of my vest,”
Ross told him

  “We’re getting accommodating,” the
other sneered, as he searched the vest
pocket with grimy fingers. “All right-
read ’em off again!”

  Ross repeated the five numbers.

  “I’m not sure whether the middle one is

47

six or seven. Try seven first. If it doesn’t
work it’ll be the six.”

  “It’d better be one or the other!” the
man scowled, as he jotted the two numbers
down on a slip of paper which he tore from
a calendar on the wall.

  “It will be,” said Ross. “We changed
the combination last week. Ryan put it
down in his daybook. He’s got it with
him.”

  The man lifted the cuddy lamp out of
its gimbals and after replacing the chimney
carried it into the chartroom, followed by
the Malay.

I EFT alone in the dark, Captain Ross
■Ll worked fast to carry out his plan. Hoist-
ing himself to the edge of the bunk, he
thrust his right leg through the open port-
hole. For what seemed like an age he
groped with his bare foot for the rope,
straining to the effort of reaching it. Twice
his foot touched it. It eluded him time
and again, but at last he caught it over
his ankle and drew/ his foot through the
porthole. It took careful manipulation to
pull the bight of the rope through the
aperture and keep it from slipping off his'
ankle. It also took every ounce of his
waning strength to draw his leg up so that
he could get his fingers on the rope.

  He accomplished it at last, raised it in
On the Midnight Tide

48

THE BLUE

his manacled hands and sank his teeth into
it. He blessed the fortuitous circumstance
that the three-strand half-inch rope was
old and soft.

  He had gnawed one strand through when
he heard a muttered curse from the chart-
room as the man discovered the first com-
bination to be wrong and started on the
second.

  The ruse had worked!

  As his teeth tore at the second manila
strand, he heard the click of the tumblers
and an exclamation from the two as they
ravaged the safe of its precious store. He
gnawed through the second strand while
they snarled at each other over the divi-
sion of the spoils.

  One minute more and the last strand
parted between his teeth.

TIE straightened up and let both ends go.

   They dropped swiftly out of sight
through the open porthole.

  Presently the two men returned with the
cuddy lamp. Each carried in his hand a
small chamois-skin bag half-full of pearls.
The white man replaced the lamp in its
gimbals.

  “You could have saved yourself a lot of
trouble and carving if you hadn’t been bull-
headed,” he told Ross. “You might have
known we meant business. Good night and
pleasant dreams, Captain!”

  He raised his hand in a mock salute,
turned on his heel and left with the half-
caste at his heels.

  Ross heard them mount the companion-
way steps and the clatter of their feet as
they descended the poop ladder to the
deck. Then silence, followed immediately
by exclamations of profanity and excited
pidgin-English. Ross smiled grimly.

  They were back in a moment. The big
burly figure of the white man filled the
doorway. Behind him stood the Malay,
his muddy face a sickly green in the light
of the swinging cuddy lamp.

  “Our boat’s gone adrift,” said the spokes-
man. “The painter parted. Where’s your
dinghy?”

  “We lost it in a squall off Cape York,”
Ross informed him.

  The other drew in his breath sharply.*
He glowered at Ross as if divining that
he had been tricked.

  “Where d’you keep your life-rafts?” he
demanded.

  “Luggers with a crew of twelve don’t
carry life-rafts,” Ross reminded him gently.

He was smiling, but his gray eyes were
daggers of triumph. The man glared at
him balefully and fingered the butt of the
pistol in the back pocket. “I’ve a good
mind to plug you for that grin!” he said.

  “No doubt,” said Ross; “only you’d
swing from the foreyard when the boys get
back.”

  The other made a noise in his throat.

  “Any spare sticks we could make a raft
of?” he demanded.

  “You might send down the royal and
topgallant yards and ride them ashore,”
Ross suggested; “only you’d have to keep
your feet inboard or you’d be wearing
wooden legs for the rest of your lives.”

  “You think you’re funny, don’t you?”
the other snarled.

  “I’m getting a little amusement out of a
unique situation,” Ross admitted modestly.
“Ever hear the story of the Lady and the
Tiger? No? Well, here you are within
a mile of the densest jungle in the Western
Pacific with eighteen thousand dollars’
worth of first-class pearls. If you try to
swim, the sharks’ll get you; if you stay, my
crew will. Heads, I win—tails, you lose.”

  The white man’s eyes narrowed to slits,
and his fingers closed about the butt of the
pistol. Ross slowly shook his head.

  “I wouldn’t shoot if I were you! Kill-
ing me would merely hasten your own de-
mise,” he remarked. “You’d be dangling
from my yardarms—instead of decorating
the gibbet at the Nouhala some nice sunny
morning.”

  The two men exchanged glances. The
chance shot had hit its mark.

  “Too bad the tide’s going out,” Ross
went on, “or you might have unshipped
the cable and let us drift. As it is, we’d
be pounded to pieces in the surf in fifteen
minutes.” He sighed. “Things sure look
black for you boys—at least for one of
you,” he mused, as if by an afterthought.

  “What d’you mean—one of us?” the
other demanded, coming up close. The
Malay glided across the threshold with a
soft cat-like tread. His black eyes flitted
distrustfully from one to the other of the
two Caucasians.

  “I mean what I said,” Ross retorted
tantalizingly. He noted with satisfaction
the stealthy movement of the half-caste’s
brown hand for the knife in his belt.

  “One of you can get away with the
pearls. The other will have to stay and
face the music—and it’ll be some dance
tune, I can tell you that!”
BOOK MAGAZINE

49

By Carl Clausen

  The white man shot his dark-skinned
companion a quick veiled glance out of the
tail of his eye, at which the half-caste’s
hand dropped from the handle of the belted
dagger.

  This exchange of looks was not lost
on Ross. He chose his next words care-
fully: “Seems to me there’s nothing left
for you two to do, except toss up for it,”
he said.

  “Suppose you explain,” the other snarled.
“I’m no good at conundrums.”

  “This is no conundrum. If two men are
about to be hung and one escapes—well,
do your little sum and don’t make any
mistake in subtraction,” he mocked. “The
yardarm of the Jerjalcon swings wide and
free!”

  “Stow that necktie talk,” said the man
with a grimace, “I’ve shot myself out of
worse holes than this. Spill the glad news
—and be quick about it!”

  “For a consideration,” said Ross. Un-
seeming haste or eagerness would arouse
their suspicion. He was playing, not for
time but upon their individual cupidity,
and upon the strongest of all human in-
stincts, self-preservation. Nevertheless, it
was a delicate situation. One misstep, and
his plan would come to naught. The in-
truder regarded him in black silence, his
malignant eyes flashing suspicion.

  “What’s your proposition?” he growled,
one eye on his companion, who leaned for-
ward as if better to hear.

  “Unshackle me from the stanchion,” said
Ross; “that’s my consideration!” Then,
as the other made a wry face, he added:
“You can leave the handcuffs on me if
that’ll make you feel any easier.”

  “I see.” The white man took the hand-
cuff key from his pocket and motioned to
the half-caste.

  “Undo him,” he ordered curtly, tossing
over the key.

  Stepping back, he trained the pistol on
Ross. His bullet head was thrust forward
and his cruel black eyes glinted along the
barrel.

  The Malay quickly unfastened Ross, then
manacled his hands behind at the other’s
instruction. The white man took the key

from the half-caste and tossed it through
the porthole. “Safety first!” he leered.

  Instead of answering, Ross led the way
up the companionway and for’ard to where
the canvas canoe was lying, bottom up, on
the fore-hatch. The pistol never left the
small of his back for a moment.

   “Help yourself, gentlemen,” he said, in-
dicating the skiff.

  The two groped for it in the darkness
and turned it over.

   “As you’ll note, it’ll hold but one.”
“That’s easy,” said the white man to his
companion. “I’ll go ashore and come back
with a boat for you, Hassan.”

  “But will he come back, Hassan?” Rqss
said. “Methinks not, old socks!”

  “You keep your face out of this before
I change my mind and plug you!” the
plug-ugly growled at the Skipper, as he
caught hold of one end of the canoe.
“Come on, nigger, lend a hand!”

rJ~'HE half-caste picked up his end of the
canoe and the two carried it to the bul-
warks. As the white man bent over to tie
a rope in the painter ring, the Malay leaped
upon his back like a panther and sank his
knife to the hilt under the left armpit of
the stooping man.

  Straightening up with a bellow of rage
and pain, the white man twisted himself
about and shook his assailant off. The
native regained his feet in a moment and
leaped at him again. A stab of flame
belched from the right hand of the mor-
tally wounded man. It caught the half-
caste square in the chest, while he was in
midair. The two went down together, and
rolled into the scuppers and the gun went
clattering along the deck.

   Captain Ross poked the two still figures
with the toe of his boot. Manacled though
he was, he managed to extract the two
small chamois-skin bags containing the
pearls from the dead men’s pockets. As
he did so, he noted that the Malay’s knife
had ripped a great slit in the canvas bottom
of the canoe.

   “Just a little job for the sailmaker,” he
remarked, philosophically. “Mart, old man,
you came pretty near losing your kayak!”

“Fortune, Inc.” is the title of one of the liveliest short novels The Blue Book
Magazine has ever published. Its hero rides into a defunct town aboard a
motorcar tied together with twine and baling-wire, and before he leaves puts the
town and himself on the map. Read this in the next, the December, issue.
Arnold Legacy

Illustrated by L. R. Gustavson

EAD sure she’s on this evening’s
train, are you, Wayne?”

  Stephen Wayne, boss of the
Arnold Lode Mine, turned from watching
the distant blue notch in the Canadian
Rockies.

  “Dead sure, Jim,” he answered young
Dorval, his loyal tunnel-master. “She
wired me from Winnipeg, then from Ed-
monton.”

  He looked again at the blue notch, for
the Transcontinental was due. In the glass
of the station window he glanced once at
his reflection and straightened his soft gray
hat.

  The reflection showed a man thirty years
old, tall, gray-eyed, strong of feature.
There were tell-tale crowfeet of worry and
overwork beneath his eyes. His hands were
acid-stained, and his white collar showed
up his dark bronze plainly.

  His new tweeds, he noted, looked all
right, but they felt strange. He wanted to
be out of them and into his workaday cor-
duroys again. He smiled as he recollected
what Dorval had said an hour ago at their
cabin:

  “You’ve plumb lost the knack of being
leisurely, Wayne. Hell, who wouldn’t—
doing what you’ve done! You’ll be the
better for a long vacation, especially since
it’ll be your honeymoon. You and her are
hyaking into the mountains, neppy, son?”
Dorval, beside him now, was smaller of
build and three years younger. French
blood showed in his black hair and eyes
and his impulsive, ardent nature. A col-
lege man from a maritime province, he was
Wayne’s subordinate but his partner none
the less.

  “Ble’e me, you’re lucky, Wayne,” he
mused. “Only the Lord knows when I’ll
be down on this platform waiting for my
train to come in.”

  “You can bring Eleanor out this sum-
mer, Jim. The old mine wont stand much
increase in expenses, but I’ll swing you a
decent salary somehow. The four of us
will have a hiyu, good time together.”

A ROUND them at the station a little
group had gathered for the event of
the Transcontinental’s arrival. Here and
there on the platform one heard the soft
% William Byron Mowery

         This splendid novelette by the gifted author of
         “The Loon Lake Patrol” and “Red Heritage”
         deals with a high adventure in the mining
         country of the Northwest. This is a real story.

guttural of the Chinook jargon, the com-
mon language which French and English
and a dozen Indian nations used with one
another.

  There were several bewhiskered, rag-
gedy old sourdoughs, in from the color
creeks for grub and human company. A
knot of “Norski” timbermen from the
lumber-camps in the mountains, a mounted
policeman talking to a fire ranger. A
big powerful Indian, Attistah, from the
“Lost” Beaver tribe; two Blackfeet metis
idling in the evening sun—lazy, cultus half-
breeds who guided the occasional tourist
and loafed between times. A sportsman
with duffle-bags and varnished fishheads
stood waiting for the Transcontinental to
whirl him on across the mountains to the
salmon streams of the Pacific.

  A mere “jump-down” in the heart of
giant ranges, Valleria was linked to civi-
lization only by the slender ribbon of steel.
No auto-road or wagon-trail could get in
to it; canons, lakes and tumultuous rivers
barred the way, to say nothing of the
mountains.

  Back of the station was the Arnold mine
—a shaft entering a slope, a stamp-mill,
the houses of the workers and the gaunt
frame residence which old P. K. Arnold had
built. On a knoll above the mine towered
the great pine tree, lightning-seared but
still stanch, where the mine-owner had been
killed four years ago.

  HTHE story of those four years was a
  story of self-sacrifice and loyalty on
  the part of Stephen Wayne—loyalty not
  to old Arnold, but to the person for whom
  he held the property in trust.

     At its best the mine was only a poor ex-
  cuse. Under less able managing it would
  have been closed down and Valleria de-
  serted. The shaft had tapped only a nig-
  gardly pocket of the rich mother lode. The
  parent vein that gave color to the creeks
  and had baffled a generation of prospectors,
  lay elsewhere, hidden in the wilderness of
  mountains.

     Though he knew little himself about min-
  ing, old Arnold was shrewd enough to know
  a good engineer when he saw one. Recog-
  nizing Wayne’s genius, he had given over
  the reins even before his death, and speci-
  fied in his will that Wayne was to be man-
  ager of the mine.

     When he might have been using his abili-
  ties elsewhere at a salary of his own nam-
  ing, Wayne had taken the burden on his
  shoulders and sacrificed the most precious
  years of his life in keeping the mine alive.
  For if it closed down, Nancy Arnold would
  be penniless; and he was the only man
  capable and willing to take the job.

    The memory of those two sunlit years
  between his coming to Valleria and Nancy’s
  going East to school just before her father’s
  death, had made that sacrifice a cheerful
  one for Wayne. He had lived largely in
  51
The Arnold Legacy

the expectation of her return, of the mo-
ment just ahead of him now.

  There was nothing of the father in the
girl’s make-up. Sweet-souled, candid and
laughter-hearted—Wayne often had thought
that her mother must have been like her
and had been crushed by the dour nature
and hard-handed rule of Arnold.

  From the first a friendship was struck up
between the girl of seventeen and the young
engineer. As she grew into young woman-
hood, the comradeship deepened into some-
thing more powerful and fundamental.
They never mentioned it to each other,
never gave the old Roman excuse to
thunder his disapproval at them, though
he must have seen their intimacy.

  Even when she leftj their engagement
was unspoken. She was very young;
Wayne was the first man to make a pro-
found impression on her. He considered it
unfair to bind her with a promise before
she had been able to compare him with the
other men she would meet.

  Only Jim Dorval and Hyacinthe, the of-
fice manager, knew how Wayne had la-
bored those four long years to keep Nancy’s
property for her. He had taken no wages
for himself; the mine simply would not
stand it. There had been times when the
ghost had not walked for the workers, and
they stuck only out of loyalty to their boss
till he could pay them again. The fear
that the vein would run out haunted him
constantly. He was handicapped by a poor
mill and poor shaft-equipment, tied down
by lack of money and by the strict in-
junctions of the Arnold will.

  Massive and dominating in his lifetime,
old Arnold had tried to rule on after his
death. His will minutely regulated the
policies of the mine and dictated this and
that to its superintendent. For all his
punctiliousness about it, the legacy that he
left was destined to work evil: debts,
sullen tempers among the workmen, a mine
struggling to keep up, and a superhuman
task for the man who took up the burden.

  What other things of evil there were in
old Arnold’s legacy, Wayne could not even
guess. He had spen only that portion of
the will which related to himself and the
property.

MANCY knew nothing about the situation
^ ’ at the mine. Her father had known
little enough about the true nature of the
lode, preferring his own opinion to Wayne’s
report. He had kept his daughter in com-

THE BLUE

plete ignorance about the mining opera-
tions, for his philosophy of woman’s place
was summed up in the word household.

  Wayne himself had not written her the
truth; he did not want to cast a shadow-
over her care-free years at school. To her,
a gold-mine meant something tremendously
rich. She did not understand why the
checks she received were often meager.

  Several times in her letters to Wayne
she had wondered about it, and once had
written rather sharply, asking the reason.
One of her summer trips to Europe had
almost foundered the mine and turned
Valleria into a ghost camp.

  But that was all past now. The ore-
bearing vein had taken a notion to widen
suddenly into a respectable size. The as-
say-sheet was looking up. The workmen
were getting good wages. The last debt
had been lifted in May. And Nancy was
coming back that evening.

IN the blue notch ten miles eastward a

  black smoke-streamer rose up above the
forest and faded against the sky. Wayne
watched it intently, unconscious of Jim’s
words or the stir upon the platform.

  In a few minutes the Transcontinental
came in sight down the tracks. The rails
began to sing. At the platform-edge, the
old station-master wigwagged the signal
that he had a passenger going west. The
long train thundered into Valleria and
stopped. The sportsman got on.

  Wayne’s heart stopped pounding—till he
caught sight of a girlish figure tripping
down the steps a coach away. He hurried
to meet her, Dorval following discreetly.

  He had told himself that the four years
since the day they bade each other klah-
owya had necessarily changed her, but he
was hardly prepared for so utter an altera-
tion as he saw. In that moment of their
meeting she seemed so like a stranger that
he hardly knew how to greet her.

  She was a woman now'. She had grown
more beautiful, more alluring than the
Nancy he had known. She had learned
how to make the most of her lithe, grace-
ful form, of her light brown hair and blue
eyes and features exquisitely molded. Her
mere traveling clothes, trim and jaunty,
were a dozen times prettier than any she
had ever worn before she had gone East.
Her very manner was different. The frank
open-heartedness of the girl who had left
f iur years ago was changed to a calm
poise and reserve.
BOOK MAGAZINE

  She smiled when she saw him, and gave
him her gloved hand. Her word of greet-
ing seemed studied, her smile artificial and
cold. But in another moment, when he
clasped her hand, the feeling of estrange-
ment vanished for him. Four years and all
the change they possibly could bring about
meant nothing against his affection.

  In Wayne’s oblivion to everything but

53

 By William Byron Mowery

men looked into each other’s eyes at leveled
gaze. A faint shadow of a smile played
on Tregor’s lips. He had seen Wayne’s
emotion; he knew the reason. There was
a hint of triumph in his smile.

 They shook hands and greeted each
other courteously, but the glance they ex-
changed was a declaration of war.

  Jim stepped up and was introduced. He

Nancy, he did not notice that a second
person had come down the steps behind
her. He was aware of it only when she
withdrew her hand and turned, half facing
each of the two men.

  “Mr. Wayne, I would like you to meet
Mr. Tregor.”

  For some reason the words jarred Wayne
as if he had been struck a blow. He looked
at the man standing beside her: a stranger
of his own age and build; a handsomely
dressed man with quick, intelligent eyes
and an air of polished politeness.

  He turned bewilderedly to Nancy, his
glance a question about the stranger. She
understood.

  “Mr. Tregor is a friend of mine, Mr.
Wayne.”

  A friend! He caught the inflection be-
hind the word. The stress of her voice
meant something more than friendship be-
tween her and the stranger who had come
with her to Valleria.

  It dazed him. Not a hint had she
dropped in her letters. He was no man
of granite, to take so unexpected a blow
without flinching. He looked from one to
the other of them, aware that he was be-
traying his surprise, but utterly unable to
hide it.

  “I’d like to shake hands,” Tregor said
politely, “with the man whom Nancy has
mentioned so many times.”

  Mechanically Wayne took the hand ex-
tended to him. As they shook, the two

“I would like
you to meet Mr.
Tregor.’’ The
words jarred
Wayne as it he
had been struck.

too saw how the land lay. His acknowl-
edgment of Tregor’s greeting was so brief
and terse that Nancy looked at him
sharply, frowning.

The Transcontinental pulled out, leaving
the four of them standing together, the
little group of onlookers a few paces aside.
Wayne felt he had to say something.

  “I had the house put in shape for you,
Nancy. I hired a couple of servants, too.
You’ll probably want to go up right now.”
She nodded.

  “I suppose there’s something that passes
for a hotel here?” Tregor asked.

  “Yes, but it’s not much. If you want to,
you can stay with Dorval and me. We
have a cabin at the edge of the lake.”

  “Oh, that would put you to bother,”
Tregor refused. “I’ll tackle the hotel.
Here, you smoky—”

  At the gesture, the Beaver Indian
stepped forward. Tregor extended a dollar
bill and pointed to the grips.

  “Take them to the hotel.”

  The Indian drew himself up and haugh-
tily wrapped his narkin around his shoul-
ders. He looked at the money scorn-
fully, insulted by the epithet and the offer
alike. On the portage path in the wilder-
The Arnold Legacy

ness he would carry a heavy load a mile
for half of that dollar; in the white man’s
town he was too proud to stir a finger.

  Jim grinned at Tregor’s sad mistake.

  “I’ll take a couple, you a couple,” he
suggested, picking up the two heaviest.
“None of these men have ‘To let’ signs up.”

  Wayne knew it was Jim’s adroit move to
leave him alone with Nancy. In courtesy
Tregor could not refuse. He picked up his
other grips, nodded and caught up with
Jim. Wayne ordered the two ’breeds to
take her baggage to the Arnold house. He
and Nancy followed.

p\ESPITE the four years, Nancy seemed
to have little to say. They left the
station, passed the fur-trading store, the
land-office, a timber-yard, the dozen houses
that Valleria comprised; started up the
path to the Arnold house before she spoke.
And then it was a comment on the weather!

  “June is a beautiful season here, Mr.
Wayne. Always at this time I’ve been
homesick for Valleria—the lake and the
ranges.”

  Mr. Wayne! He had just called her
Nancy. It was a plain hint she did not
wish him to use the intimate name. He
looked away, out over shimmering Lac
Valleria, and wondered if he were not
dreaming it all.

  Nancy was speaking again. She must
have known what he expected at her re-
turn. She must have seen his painful be-
wilderment at the station, and realized
what tragic irony her homecoming had been
for him. As if reading the questions in his
mind, she began telling him something
about Tregor; subtly explaining her rela-
tions with him. Wayne listened.

  He gathered that Tregor was a mining
engineer like himself, member of a college
faculty, but with practical field experience
too. She had met him two years ago when
he was lecturing at an Eastern university.
He had been acquainted with her father.
He wanted to look over the mine—and
visit there awhile—and—

  Wayne waited for her to say frankly that
she was engaged to Tregor. The question
throbbed in his mind. But Nancy had
learned how to dissemble. She veiled her
thoughts and emotions from him.

  Another strange thing in her attitude:
He felt, as they walked up the path, that
she was deliberately steeling herself against
him. She would not speak about their
two years of comradeship. She would not

THE BLUE

assume, or let him assume, that the pre-
vious intimacy had ever existed.

  When he tried to remind her of it, or to
call up that intimacy out of the past, she
quietly interrupted with some remark not
fraught with danger.

  Her coldness might be due partly to
Tregor’s influence. But that would not ex-
plain it all. Surely she was too just to
listen to malicious whisperings. Perhaps
she was trying to show him from the start
that she loved Tregor now. But why did
she not openly say so? And why was she
on her guard?

  At the stone gateway she stopped.

  “Mr. Tregor wants to look over the mine
tomorrow morning, Mr. Wayne. I’ll see
you again then.”

  After all those years, she would not in-
vite him in and talk a few moments at
least!

  “I’m rather tired,” she explained, seeing
his dismay.

  Standing against the gateway lilacs that
were a frame to her girlish body and love-
liness of feature, she brought back in vivid,
incarnate form, the yesteryear when their
affection had been mutual. Though he
stood watching her as she went up the
steps and entered her old home, she did
not look back.

CHAPTER II

AT the cabin Jim was sitting head in
hands on his bunk, in a brown mood.
In the boarded-off kitchen the Chinese
cookee was shuffling about, getting supper.

  One corner of the cabin was fitted up
with stone chemical table, electric furnace
and other apparatus. In their spare time
Wayne and Jim worked out the weekly as-
say-sheets for the mine. Lacking money to
keep a professional man, they had been
forced to do it.

  Jim looked up when Wayne entered. For
several minutes neither man spoke.

  “Say something, Wayne, for heaven’s
sake!” Jim burst out.

  “What is there to say?”

“I guess there’s nothing—nothing that
would do any good. Did she tell you any-
thing about their plans to get married?”
Married! Good God, was she really en-
gaged to Tregor?

  He wet his dry lips. “She told me
nothing, Jim.”

  “Well, Tregor dropped a remark to me.
BOOK MAGAZINE

By William Byron Mowery

Meant he’d be staying at the bush Ritz
till he and Nancy go to Victoria. In July,
it’s going to be.”

  Wayne caught desperately at a slender
hope.

  “He might have said that for my benefit,
Jim.”

  “How’s that?”

  “To make me believe I’m frozen out al-
ready. I’m fighting—till I see there’s no
use.”

  Jim ground a cigarette under his heel.

  “I wonder if old Polonius could have
had anything to do with this affair?”
“How so? He was always friendly to
me. Liked me. He never said anything
when he saw Nancy and I were going to-
gether a lot. He left the whole works here
in my hands, even to attorney power over
the money. You can’t put the blame on
him; it’s her choice.”

  “I’ve seen raw deals,” Jim said angrily.
“But nothing to compare with this one.”
“There was no promise between us, Jim.
I left her free.”

  “But good Lord, look at these four
years! Three different times you could
have gone out on a whopper of a salary.
Or you and I could have free-lanced and
made a killing somewhere. Instead of that
you stuck here, slaved like ten men, didn’t
even take mill-hand wages, kept that
damned old rock-quarry running for her
sake.

  “Then she comes back and says: ‘Meet
my friend Mr. Tregor.’ If she doesn’t
know what you’ve done for her, she ought
to be told. And I’m willing to tell her.”
“You’ll tell her nothing, Jim. I want
you to promise that here and now.”

  “Why not?”

  “It would put her under obligation to
me. If she knew the truth, she’d feel she
had to marry me as part of a bargain. I
made the sacrifice on my own hook, with-
out her asking me to. I’ve got no lien on
her, Jim. She’s free to make her choice.
She’s got to remain free.”

  Jim thought it over, scowling.

  “I guess you’re right,” he said slowly.
“I can’t see any way around your argu-
ment. It’d be forcing her hand, and you
wouldn’t want her that way. I’ll promise.”

WfHEN Nancy and Tregor came up to
the mine the next morning at ten
o’clock, Wayne was busy with a knotty
problem at the mercury-distil retort. He
quit the job at once.

  Nancy’s hand lay lightly on Tregor’s
arm, as if she meant him to be her escort.
But Wayne meant otherwise. His fighting
blood was up. In her estrangement toward
him, in the coldness of her blue eyes, he
realized that he was faced with a more
bitter fight than ever the mine had given
him.

  “We’ll begin at the beginning,” he sug-
gested, taking her by the arm and leading
her toward the tunnel mouth.

  They went back into the shaft to its
three-pronged head and watched the “stone-
hogs” drilling. They came out again, fol-
lowing three ore-carts, and watched the
rock-breakers grind and crunch the lumps
of hard rock to fragments the size of a
walnut. Following the overhead traveler
that took away the crushed ore, they passed
next into the stamp-room.

  One battery of five seven-hundred-pound
hammers, at twenty strokes each minute,
was beating out its monotonous, heavy
rhythm, crushing the rock-fragments to
powder beneath the mighty blows. The
overhead traveler delivered a constant
stream of rock to the stamp-head; a high-
pressure spray of water played upon it
between strokes; every half-minute a rock-
er-arm tripped up, and a tiny batch of mer-
cury fell under the hammer, to amalgamate
with the free gold of the powdered rock.
From the inclined plane of each stamp-
head a trough with deep copper riffles led
away. In these sluices the heavy amalgam
was caught, to be removed at intervals.

  At the other five-unit battery Dorval,
with a gang of men, was hard at work fitting
new iron shoes beneath the heavy ham-
mers. He did not stop his work or look up,
though the men nodded respectfully to their
boss.

  He led them lastly to the mercury-distil
retort and explained to Nancy the final
step in extracting the pure gold. He had
found out already that Tregor was no tyro
at the business. He was quick and shrewd
to size up the mine; he smiled at some of
the queer contraptions which Wayne and
Dorval had rigged up in lieu of costly
machinery; he made several sensible sug-
gestions here and there for minor changes.

  If his manner had been a little less con-
fident and masterly, or if he had uttered a
word of praise for the mine’s efficiency,
Wayne would have respected him more.

  “We’ll go to the office now,” he bade
Wayne. “I want to see the assay-sheets
and the statements.”
The Arnold Legacy

56

  He demanded it as coolly as if he were
owner of the mine, asking a subordinate
for an accounting.

  In the office Wayne met something which
angered him all through. His office man-
ager, Frank Hyacinthe, had always seemed
to him loyal enough—inclined to snoop a
bit in other people’s affairs, but efficient
with his work and a valuable man. This
morning however he gave his superintend-
ent a cool nod, but bowed and scraped to
Tregor.

  It was easy enough to see through Hya-
cinthe. He was looking out for his own in-
terests. He had seen how the land lay and
who probably would be his future boss!

   At Tregor’s request he bustled about like
the sycophant he was, bringing the assay-
sheets, the quarterly balance and the wage
ledger.

W/HILE Tregor was glancing through
” them, Wayne drew Nancy aside.
They stood at a window looking out over
Lac Valleria to the snow-capped range ris-
ing from its western shore. From the
window one could count thirty snowy peaks
along the western range, and four glaciers
reaching their ice fingers down toward
timberline. Leagues of primitive forest—
fir and cedar and hardwoods—stretched to
the horizon in every direction.

  A shaft of sunlight streaming through
the skylight glowed on Nancy’s brown hair.
The softened silhouette of her forehead,
lips and throat was maddening. Poignantly
Wayne remembered the time, just before
she left, when he and she darted across the
lake in a birch canoe and climbed the high-
est peak, coming back in the twilight of
the long June day.

  He reminded her of that day, and
watched her intently. She would not look
at him as she answered:

  “I don’t remember it, Mr. Wajme.”

  “Nor the ring I cut from a birch marl
and put on your finger?”

  “No.”

  She did remember! No girl would have
forgotten that day. It had been his most
precious memory during those four lonely
years. She was deliberately ignoring that
past intimacy out of existence.

  She led the talk to her father—a safe
enough subject. Her attitude there was a
thing to marvel at. A wider acquaintance
with men should have opened her eyes to
her father’s real nature. But instead, his
tragic death and the perspective of years

THE BLUE

had built up an ideal more powerful than
she had held for him alive.

   It was like her notion of the mine itself.
She thought it a thing of gold, when it
was little better than a hard-rock quarry!

  In a way Wayne understood why she
cherished the ideal. She had been mother-
less. For more than eighteen years she
had been under the dominance of her
father. Where a son would have rebelled
against his overlordship, the daughter had
accepted it. He had been the most power-
ful influence of her life. In the light of
that, her reverence and idealization were
understandable.

  That ideal must be shattered some day,
just as her ideal of the mine was certain
to be.

   Tregor stepped across to them finally.
“You probably don’t want to listen to
tiresome business details, Miss Arnold,
when you can be looking at a scene like
that. If you don’t mind, Mr. Wayne and
I will talk for a few minutes.”

  She nodded. Wayne went with her to
the desk.

  “If your assay-sheets are anywhere near
correct, Wayne, you’ve been ietting a lot
of valuable by-products go to waste around
here.”

  “How about the equipment to save them?
It costs money that the mine hasn’t got.”
“You could have borrowed it. The prod-
ucts would have repaid it twice over.”
“Borrow on what? I couldn’t raise a
nickel on that vein. Besides being poor
stuff, it might be exhausted any day. You
know the truth about this gold-mine now,
as well as I do.”

   Tregor tossed the assay-sheets aside and
picked up the wage ledger. His intentions
were plain enough. He was trying to find
some issue where they deadlocked. He
wanted to show who was boss now of the
Arnold mine.

  At the top of the wage ledger was
“Stephen Wayne, SuperintendentA row
of zeros streamed across the page, broken
at rare intervals by entries of twenty or
thirty dollars. Tregor paused a moment,
his pencil on that line.

   “I suppose that posting is fact, Wayne.”
“You might ask Hyacinthe. He handles
all the money.”

  “But why?” Tregor queried, his pencil
pointing to the zeros.

  Wayne looked up and met his searching
stare. Tregor knew that the mine had been
quivering on the brink of bankruptcy, and
BOOK MAGAZINE

that a decent salary for its superintendent
might have shoved it over. He knew also
why that salary had been turned back dur-
ing the four years.

Instead of showing a man-to-man esteem
for the sacrifice, Tregor was grinning about

 57

By William Byron Mowery

flatly. “While I’m superintendent here,
wages stay where they are.”

  The deadlock had come!

  Tregor got up, stepped over to Nancy
and brought her to the desk. Wayne rose
to face the crisis.

“I’m sorry to bother you, Miss Arnold,”
Tregor said politely, “but Mr. Wayne and
I have had a little disagreement. You own
this mine; I believe the decision lies with
you. Wayne, you can state your case.”
“That wont take long,” Wayne answered
bluntly. “I’ve been here six years; I know

"That' wage-sheet has to be clipped. It means
a thousand dollars more profit a month."

it. His flaunt, his air of triumph, destroyed
the last vestige of Wayne’s respect for him.
“But why?” he repeated.

  “You might ask Nancy Arnold!” Wayne
whipped back. “Unless you’re afraid to
let her know the truth. I’m not ashamed
of that page!”

  Tregor went quickly to his next point.
“You’re paying your workmen at least
ten per cent higher wages than the average
mine.”

  “And they’re doing me ten per cent more
work than the average crew.”

  “You can’t prove that—”

  “Besides, it’s only decent treatment after
the way they stuck by me. Take a look
at last December’s posting. They didn’t
get paid for six weeks.”

  “The point is,”—Tregor tapped the desk,
—“most of them are married and live here.
They’ll have to take the cut. If any man
doesn’t keep up to his present standard, he
can be fired off the job. That wage-sheet
has to be clipped. It means a thousand
dollars more profit a month.”

  “I don’t agree to that!” Wayne said

all my men personally. I think they’re
getting no more than they earn. I could
argue an hour and not say more than just
that. It’s a matter of opinion. It boils
down,” he added pointedly to Nancy, “to
a question of whose opinion is the more
valuable in your estimation.”

  Nancy would not meet his eyes. She
looked away from him, out of the window.
Shrinking, probably, he thought, from an
unpleasant thing—from a stark, face-to-
face decision.

  She was saved the pain of deciding then
and there. The office door flung open;
Dorval hurried in.

  “There’s a hung charge in the tunnel
head, Wayne. The men are afraid to
tackle it. Can’t any ore come out till we
fire the cussed thing.”

  Wayne waited a moment for Nancy to
make her decision. But she did not speak.
Unmistakably she felt a glad relief.

  “I know you want time, Nancy,” he re-
marked, picking up his hat. “Shall I
come to your house this evening and hear
what you’ve decided?”
The Arnold Legacy

J

  She shook her head. Tregor grinned
covertly at him as he turned to follow Jim
out.

  All that afternoon the scene in the office
and the question of Nancy’s choice
throbbed in Wayne’s mind. He wanted to
tear himself away from work and find out
what she had decided. But he was needed
at the mill. Whatever his own personal
troubles, it had to hammer on.

  While the drillers sat back at a safe dis-
tance and smoked, superintendent and tun-
nel-master labored for five hours at the
ticklish job of firing an unexploded nitro
blast. A single slip, or the unexpected,
would have meant the death of both. When
they succeeded, near quitting-time that
evening, Wayne sent Jim to the cabin. He
himself started for the mercury-distil, to
finish that job so the retort could be heated
the next day.

  At the stamp-room door he ran into a
group of men spelling out a bulletin tacked
up that afternoon. Their faces were long;
they had no friendly greeting for him. He
stepped up and read the typewritten sheet.

  Above Nancy Arnold’s signature was a
notice that after the fifteenth of June wages
would be reduced ten per cent.

T ATE that evening when the twilight was
^ changing into deep darkness, Wayne
found his way up the slope to the lightning-
seared pine on the knoll. He sat down at
its massive foot and leaned against its
shaggy, deep-seamed bark.

  A thought flashed across his mind: he
was like that tree—sorely stricken in its
prime of life, desperately struggling to keep
its vigor and raise its arms aloft in defiance
of the elements.

  The stars were dancing on the bosom of
Lac Valleria. There was a light in Nancy
Arnold’s room, the room that he himself
had made ready for her. The stamps had
quieted down; the mine slept. From the
flags at the lake edge came a chorus of
“better-go-rounds” and shrill “knee-deeps.”
Farther out, a red-throated loon gibbered
its weird night cajl.

  On the lone pine knoll he seemed to be
lifted up out of the tumult of emotions that
had surged through him down below. He
had found what he came seeking—the balm
of a cool and quiet and lonely spot. He
could think again, and see things clearly.

  The last twelve years went past in solemn
file. Only in two of them, the years of
comradeship with Nancy Arnold, had he

THE BLUE

been happy. There were the bleak memo-
ries of his childhood back in the little
Koot’n’y mining town—of his father drink-
ing himself to death after his mother had
run away with another man. Though he
did not excuse his father’s weakness, Wayne
could understand now what his grief must
have been.

  There were the rough years in the mine
and timber cruise before he climbed out
of the dark and caught the vision of a
brighter, higher life. Then restless ambi-
tion, the three brief years of sailing through
the mining course at Eugene; his early
work at the stamps around Juneau; the
growing admiration of his brother-en-
gineers, the brilliant prophecies they made
about him.

  His inspection trip to Valleria, his meet-
ing Nancy, his fateful decision to stay
there.

  At Juneau he would have been a part-
owner by now, and consulting expert for
a dozen mines. There was no self-esteem
in that thought; it was sober fact. He was
poorer by several thousand dollars than
when he came. Money meant nothing. It
was the precious wasted years that hurt.
He had laid them as a sacrifice at a girl’s
feet. She seemed to him now like a beauti-
ful melody that suddenly has taken on a
tragic motif.

  Toward midnight he heard some one
coming up the slope. He knew it was
Dorval before a voice called through the
darkness. His partner sat down beside
him.

  “I thought I’d find you up here,” Jim
said after a few moments. “I’ve come here
myself when things were blue.”

  “Why, Jim,” Wayne remarked sardoni-
cally, “things aren’t blue now! The mine
is looking right up these days. We’ll be
able to finance their honeymoon in grand
style.”

  “I didn’t mind working for Nancy’s sake,
partner,” Jim went on. “I often thought
what a time we four would have together
when Nancy got back and I could bring
Eleanor out. What hurts me worst is,
Tregor’ll get the benefit of all we’ve done.
It must be that old Polonius’ ghost is
stalking around here, ordering things so
that nobody’ll be guilty of being happy.
I can’t see how else this could happen.

  “But it’s happened, Wayne,” he added.
“I’ve been thinking about it for two hours,
and I can look it in the eye. Tregor has
got Nancy, and I can’t bring Eleanor out
BOOK MAGAZINE

By William Byron Mowery

59

this summer. The only thing left is our
partnership and the future.

  “We’re free now to tackle the job we’ve
been talking about for three years. Sup-
pose we do fail at that. Then we’ll hit
across to Juneau or up the Cassiar. We’ve
got the whole footstool to roam over. You
can’t stay here—after that notice on the
mill door. The quicker you get away and
begin to forget, the better it’ll be for you.
You’ll find yourself quicker, out in the
woods. Shall I go down and pack the
canoe?”

  Wayne took his eyes from the solitary
light in the Arnold house down below.

  “I want a few minutes longer here alone,
partner,” he said slowly.

  Jim vanished down the dark path.
Wayne sat silent there a little longer. Into
his mind flitted an expressive phrase from
the Chinook—kopet kumtux—to cease to
know, to blot a thing out of memory as if
it had never been. In one hour he could
not forget her; his love was the strong,
mature passion of six long years. The
most he could do was to realize that he had
lost her and resolve to forget.

  He got up presently, his eyes on the light
down below, but his mind back in a dark-
ened cabin in the Koot’n’y years ago.

  “If you were here, Dad,” he said husk-
ily, “you would tell me to put her out of
my life and go ahead with a man’s work.
It is good advice. Anything else would
lead—lead where your path took you. If
I have strength, I will forget her.”

  At the cabin Jim met him.

  “Everything is ready for us to start,
Wayne. I knew what you’d decide.”

  They went down to the landing below the
cabin. The canoe slipped out of the moon
shadow of the shore hemlocks and pointed
up the lake toward the mountains.

CHAPTER III

HPHIRTY-SEVEN miles north, they glided
A ashore the next morning just after
daybreak and made camp at the mouth of
a little canon.

  They set up their mosquito-proof tent,
built a small stone furnace at the flap-front,
lopped off a few spruce limbs to spread
blankets on, and dug a basin where a
trickle of water came out at the foot of
the ledge.

  While Jim was fitting a rod together to
whip some bass out of the shore flags,

Wayne glanced through the pack and found
his bird-glasses. Of the hundred things
which his partner might have brought in-
stead, the glasses were what Wayne wanted
the most. Always thoughtful, Jim had
guessed his sore need of being alone and
quiet in the mossy woods.

  Thereafter Jim quietly took care of camp
and cooked the meals. Very wisely he
tried no hollow comforting. He spoke
little, and did not once mention the pur-
pose that had brought them there. Wayne
was thankful for his silence.

  He set himself grimly to the battle. He
must put his love for Nancy completely be-
hind him. He must deliberately extinguish
every spark of affection for her.

  There were black hours when he thought
he could never shuffle off his love for
Nancy. There were times when he had to
meet and conquer the weakness that his
father had fallen to, times when the temp-
tation to go back to Valleria, to be near
and see her, was almost more than he
could bear.

  Each morning while the chitter squirrels
were still on their den trees, and a smoke
curled up from the lake water, he stalked
away from camp like a ghost in the gray
light, and headed back into the lonely
mountains. Through the long twenty-hour
day, sometimes through day and night to-
gether, he wore out his powerful body by
merciless roaming, so that rest would be
welcome.

  Some days found him threading the stair-
step mountain streams, where the water -
ouzel fed in the depths of boiling cascade
pools. Other times found him above
timberline in snow-fields where the gray-
crowned leucosticte nested, and the golden
eagle had his eyrie.

  Siam-siam, the grizzly, lumbered past
him in the mossy forest, crashing off when
it caught his scent. Deer flushed in front
of him and glanced into cover of the near-
est buckbrush. Above timberline he saw
the big horn pasturing his seraglio on the
heather terraces, while hyas piisspuss, the
panther, licked his chops on a ledge above
them.

  Wayne watched himself, as if he were
some impersonal thing, analyzing the sub-
tle, powerful influence which the wilderness
had on him. In strange bird and flower
there was a moment’s distraction, a certain
cheerfulness in the warbler’s song. But the
big influence lay deeper than that.

  With his own life at a standstill and his
The Arnold Legacy

world turned upside down, it came home
to him how steadfast Nature was—one
certain, inexorable thing in a universe of
uncertainties. Day after day, taking storm
and sunshine alike, she marched along with
mighty tread. In the face of that stead-
fastness, his own grief seemed small and
inconsequential. He should go on with a
man’s work, fulfill his destiny, turned
aside by neither sorrow nor gladness.

  Gradually his restless energy began to
awaken. His body toughened again; the
signs of overwork and worry left him. Six
years seemed to roll off his shoulders, now
that he was free from the Arnold mine. He
no longer sat out the brief nights at the
lake edge alone. He went hunting and
fishing with his partner, and laughed again.

  Kopet kumtux—he had ceased to remem-
ber!

CHAPTER IV

A FTER three weeks of camping at the
canon mouth, Dorval judged that the
time had come. One morning at break-
fast he broached the purpose which had
brought them to that particular spot.

  They were setting themselves to a quest
which had baffled a score of engineers and
roving prospectors. Both of them were
well equipped for the job, bringing a work-
ing knowledge of geology and chemistry
and other sciences to the task. They were
by easy odds the best pair of men who ever
had tackled the problem, and they were
true prospectors in believing they would
win where others had lost.

  “Suppose we sail into it today, Wayne.”
  “I’m ready.”

  “I’ve scouted around a bit this last week.
The canon walls are nice to work on, and
I located a couple of bad landslips that
read like a book.”

  “Did you find the formation we’re look-
ing for?”

  “That’s the trouble. I found it every-
where. It comes right up the east range.
If it occurred only in a couple of places, we
could try ’em out; but there’s a fourteen-
foot stratum of hard rock covering that
formation. We can’t dig many holes
through that.”

  “Did you find any iron, Jim?”

  “Not a trace anywhere. What’s the
idea of iron?”

  “Well, iron lies just under the gold vein
at the Arnold mine, and at a few other

THE BLUE

old ones that are deserted. I’m guessing
it does up here too.”

  “That doesn’t do us any good,” Jim
commented. “If the iron lies under the
gold, we’d have to find the gold first any-
way.”

  “The point is, Jim, we can’t go digging
into these rocks every few jumps. There’s
fifty square miles of country here
we’d locate that lode only by a cliechahco
miracle, and miracles are poor things to
bank on. We’ve got to locate that vein by
sinking three or four holes at most. The
iron will help us do that.

  “If you wont laugh before we give it a
fair trial, I’ll tell you an idea I’ve been
thinking over. An old sourdough across
at Treadwell told me about it. I thought
it was a plumb pelton idea at the time, but
since then, I’ve seen several instances where
it seemed to hold water.”

  “Shoot!”

  Wayne explained.

  “It surelee sounds crazy,” Jim com-
mented. “But if you say so, we’ll give it
a good solid crack.”

  They buckled on their light tump-packs,
took blankets and a few cooking things,
and set out up the canon..

  In the next week they returned only once
to camp. For eighteen hours each day
they kept hard at work, stopping to fish
and cook when they got hungry, and sleep-
ing wherever darkness found them.

  Their first step was to chart a strip of
country five miles wide and ten miles long,
lying along the eastern shore of the lake.
They marked in the canons, hills, streams
and formations. With these twenty sheets
to work on, they started up at the north
end of the strip and began jotting down
on the maps the signs which Wayne had
said to look for. Each sign was repre-
sented by a dot.

  When they had finished that job and
came back to camp, Wayne spread the
sheets on the moss and pinned them to-
gether in the right order.

  On the five-by-twenty strip of paper he
had a bird’s-eye view of the whole territory.

  The map all over was thickly sprinkled
with the sign dots. But half a mile back
from the lake, and paralleling its shore,
ran a narrow path where the black dots
were markedly heavier. The strip was too
clear-cut and decisive to be the work of
chance.

  Jim lighted a cigarette, and eyed the
path of the black dots meditatively.
BOOK MAGAZINE

  “Gosh, Wayne, looks like there might be
something to that pelt on idea of yours!”

  Wayne pointed his rifle-barrel to a spot
four miles below their camp. The black
dots there were heaviest of all, nearly fifty
to the square inch; and another path of
them crossed the main one there at right
angles.

61

 By William Byron Mowery

back to the new camp with a hand drill,
a box of dynamite and some news.

  “There’s something wrong down at the
old mine, Wayne. Only one battery’s been
running for the last five days. The drillers
are working only the left tunnel.”

  “Maybe the crew is sore about the wage
cut.”

He clambered out and studied the specimen.
"ColdI” Dorvul spluttered excitedly.

  “We’ll cooley down and have a look-see
at that place, Jim. It got me interested
while I was mapping it.”

  They slept a couple of hours, gathered
their digging tools, and canoed down the
lake. The spot which Wayne had in mind
was seven hundred yards inland, up a
gentle, heavily wooded slope.

  Within a bowshot a dozen Englemann
spruces were blasted by lightning. A giant
pine standing just above the spot had been
completely shattered by the bolts.

  “That tree proves lightning does strike
twice in the same place,” Jim observed.
“And if we find iron down below here, I’ll
believe the theory that, other things being
equal, a lightning path follows an iron-
vein.”

  They sunk a hole through a foot of
woods humus, three feet of glacial loess and
a foot of soft shale down to the hard rock
beneath. They knocked out a sample of
this, to determine what formation it be-
longed to. Then they trooped a few hun-
dred yards south to a canon, along whose
walls they could read the story of what
lay under that first rock stratum.

  They found the stratum to be twelve
feet thick. The formation they sought,
which sometimes carried the precious vein
of gold-ore, lay just beneath it.

  All the signs were right; all pointing at
that one innocent-looking spot. But Wayne
snubbed his soaring hopes, and tried to
keep Jim’s excitement within bounds.

  “We’ll move the camp down here,” he
directed. “I’ll do that while you hyak
down to Valleria and fetch up the dyna-
mite and drill.”

  The next morning at daybreak Jim came

  “No. Most of ’em are tied there, as
Tregor said. They’ll have to take what
he gives ’em. It’s something else.”

  “It’s none of our concern, whatever the
trouble is,” Wayne rejoined.

  “And another thing,” Jim added. “A
canoe followed me up the lake—stayed
about three miles behind. I thought sev-
eral times that it was dodging in and out of
the bays, keeping out of my sight.”

  “You must be needing sleep, son! Be-
fore anyone steals our gold-mine, we’ll have
to find it. Better tie into this breakfast
and sleep a cord or two, so you can lean
heavy on the drill. While you’re 'doing
that, I’ll go up and clean off some top
soil.”

  At noon he went down, awakened Jim,
and they took the dynamite and drill up
to the digging. The light rotary Shamm
sank very slowly in the hard diabase. By
night they had put down seven holes,
spooned them out, and were ready to plant
the charges.
The Arnold Legacy

62

THE BLUE

  The first blast the next morning took
them down eight feet. Their second, late
that afternoon, took them down to the for-
mation they sought.

  Before the dirt and powdered rock had
fallen, they were in the hole, digging away
the debris. Wayne suddenly picked up a
reddish fragment, broken loose from the
bottom. He clambered out of the pit to
a ray of sunlight and studied the specimen.

  “Gold!” Dorval spluttered excitedly.

  “Maybe. Maybe silver too. It looks
like the ore down at the old rock quarry.
But how rich? That’s the question. Be-
fore we cut any claim-stakes, we’ll find out
if this vein has any size to it, and then
assay the stuff.”

AT different places along the slope they
sank four other holes to determine the
extent and thickness of the vein.

  Jim summed up the results in his im-
pulsive way:

  “Ble’e me, if she assays worth a whoop,
Wayne, she’ll be one of the richest finds
between the Cariboo and the Porcupine!”

  Wayne laid his plans as they walked back
to camp with a tump-pack of specimens.

  “You go down, Jim, and bring up the
assay outfit. I’ll stay here and keep an
eye on things. We’ve got no juice up here,
so you’ll have to sneak an ox’ torch out of
the mine to heat the crucible. Nils An-
dersen will let you have it, and wont spread
any word. Go in and out as quietly as
you can. If you leave right now, you can
get there and away during the dark.
There’s some stray characters hanging
around Valleria that I don’t cotton to.
Watch your step.”

  When Jim’s canoe had disappeared down
the lake, Wayne fished for a short while,
then sauntered up to the diggings. He
had warned Jim, not because he really
suspected anything was wrong, but merely
to guard against the one possibility in a
thousand. But at the pit below the blasted
pine he ran across a token that made him
throw his rifle into his hand and glance
around sharply in the shadowy woods.

  In the fresh loam at the pit edge there
was a man’s track—a narrow, pointed-toe
dress shoe.

  He and Jim were wearing blunt, heavy
brogans!

  It might have been that somebody mere-
ly happened by and looked into the freshly
dug hole out of curiosity. But any well-
intentioned stranger would certainly have

come on down to the camp and passed a
word; the top of the tent was plainly visi-
ble. A dress-shoe in that solitude, thirty
miles from a cinder walk, was enough in
itself to arouse suspicion.

  His thought flashed to Tregor. He put
his own foot beside the track and measured.
The track was much too small.

  One thing was dead sure. Somebody
was hanging around there in the woods spy-
ing upon the diggings—some bush sneak
with no friendly purpose, watching to see
if they had struck something rich. Per-
haps one of the pencil-and-hatchet artists,
idling around Valleria had wondered where
the superintendent and his tunnel-master
had vanished to, and had followed Jim up
the lake at his first trip.

  It was a queer feeling—to know that out
in the bush eyes were upon him, and that
a rifle could cut him down at any moment.

  Strolling away casually as if he had seen
nothing, he went down to camp. While he
waited that afternoon, he wrote out claim-
notices and signed them for James Dorval
and himself. The afternoon wore away.
At dark he slipped out through the back
of the tent, crawled over the moss to a
windfall log, and lay behind it, listening
for prowlers. He heard nothing but the
better-go-rounds, the loons out on the lake,
a big cat screaming up the gorge, and a
porcupine gnawing his nocturnal meal from
a near-by ash. At gray dawn he fell asleep
for a couple of hours.

  Jim was back the next mid-afternoon, his
canoe drawing heavy under the weight of
the assaying apparatus. Wayne met him
as he pushed through the flags.

  “I’ve got some bad news, son,” he said
in a cautious voice.

  “So have I!” Jim countered.

DEFORE they unloaded the canoe they
sat down on the bank and lighted their
pipes.

  “I got down there a little after dark,”
Jim began. “The Chink fixed me a bite to
eat, and I went over to Andersen’s house.
Nobody else saw me. Nils said, ‘Hell,
yaas,’ when I asked him about borrowing
the torch. We went up to the tool-house
and got the thing. While we were up
there, he says to me:

  “ ‘Yimmy, dey’s somet’ing wrong about
dis mine. We air workin’ only de left
tunnel, ant only half-time on dat. I went
down to de office de other evenin’ to ask
for a new set of drill-bits, an’ I hearit
BOOK MAGAZINE

Tregor cussin’ to himself like a mule-
whacker. I t’ink dey’s somet’ing rotten
in dat shaft. We rock-hogs don’t know
w’ot.’

  “I took a lamp, Wayne, and went into
the shaft for a look-see. In the center and
right tunnels the last two blasts hadn’t
been removed. It was plain old diabase.

I crawled over it and looked at the walls.
You could see the fault line, where she
pushed up, as plain as your nose. Hell
knows where the lode is on the other
side of that diabase thrust. It might be
five hundred feet lower, or a mile back in
the hills.

  “I figured that the thrust was what made
the vein get thicker these last couple
months. It sort of doubled the vein back
and widened it, like you blunt the end of
an iron bar. There’s maybe a few hundred
tens of ore yet in that left tunnel, and
a little clean-up back along the shaft. When
that’s done, old Polonius’ gold-mine wont
be anything but a hole in the ground.”
When Jim finished, Wayne sat thinking.
He was out of the mine now; the news
made little difference with him. He felt
sorry for Nancy Arnold, but most of his
sympathy went to the men who would be
thrown out qf work. Many of them hadn’t
a penny ahead. Those who couldn’t move
away would be in hard lines that coming
winter.

  The thought struck him that he and Jim
would need the whole crew at the new
mine if the assay showed rich ore.

  He knocked the ashes out of his pipe and
glanced around. “My news is short and
sweet, Jim. We’re being watched.”

  Jim sprang to his feet.

 “What! How d’you know?”

  “Don’t yell. Sit down and act natural.
I found a track up at the pit yesterday.
The canoe that followed you up from Val-
leria the last time was shadowing you,
after all.”

  “What’s our next move, then?”

  “We’ll go right on with the assaying. I
figure they’re not going to get rid of us
till they know for sure we’ve struck some-
thing rich. Otherwise they’d have bumped
us off already.

  “We’ll make our test tonight. What-
ever it shows, we’ll act like it’s a dud.
Then, if we’ve got a gold vein up that
slope, we’ll crawl up and stake it tonight,
slip away in the canoe and be at the land-
effice tomorrow morning. We’d better
get to work now.”

By William Byron Mowery

63

  They carried the torch and tank, the
scales, the box of chemicals, the flux ma-
terial, the crucible and its muffle housing
up to the tent. To eliminate any chance
of a serious mistake, Wayne decided that
each of them would run a separate test and
compare results. Jim started his work
first.

   He weighed out half an “assay ton” of
the ore,—a mere handful,—powdered it,
and mixed it in a clay dish with test lead to
alloy the gold and silver—if there were
any. Over the hot torch the slag flowed
to the sides of the dish; the “eye” formed
in the middle and disappeared when the
muffle was opened. He poured the liquid
mass into a mold. When it was removed
and hammered, the slag broke away like
brittle glass, leaving a “button” of the
alloy.

  With the poor equipment he had to
work slowly and carefully. It took him
an hour and a half to get the alloy button.

VV/HEN he finished that and before he
** started the final process, Wayne began
his test, for only one of them could work
at once. By the time he was hammering
out the alloy from the slag, twilight was
settling down.

   “Take it slow, partner,” he warned, as
Jim began the cupeling process. “We
want it to be dark when we finish this
work.”

  In another hour Jim straightened up
from the scales. With a gesture of disgust
he flung the contents of the pan into the
bush.

   “Hell, Wayne,” he called across the fire.
“A mine of that ore wouldn’t pay for the
roofing timber!”

  Wayne looked at him sharply. Could
Jim, his excitable, impulsive partner, be
playing a game as cool as that, when the
difference was a fortune or a hole in the
ground? If he was, he was playing it so
well that his own partner ten feet away
could detect nothing but disgust and disap-
pointment.

  “You might have made a mistake, son.
I’ll see what luck I have.”

   He ran his test through to the end, while
Jim sat on a log and smoked. Long be-
fore he finished, he saw what the result
would be. Despite himself his hands trem-
bled as he lowered the agate beam of the
scales and saw the pointer creep across
the notches.

   But he straightened up as Jim had done,
The Arnold Legacy

64

THE BLUE

flung pan and all into the brush and kicked
over the crucible with a disgusted oath.

  As he sat down on the log and filled
a pipe, he exchanged a side-long glance
with his partner. In a sharp whisper Jim
was saying:

  “I’ve heard of a pot of gold at the end
of a rainbow, Wayne. But that’s tame com-
pared to us. We’ve found a pot of gold
and silver at the business end of a thunder-
bolt!”

CHAPTER V

W/HILE they smoked their pipes out, a
” mass of clouds reared up from be-
hind the mountain range west of the lake,
and hid the half-moon as they came on
across the sky. The wind freshened; a
few great drops of rain fell.

  “Just what we need tonight, Jim,”
Wayne remarked in a whisper. Then
aloud: “No use to sit here and mope
about it. Let’s go to bed and sleep it off.”
Inside the tent they held a whispered
conference and laid the final plans.

  “For heaven’s sake, be cautious!” Wayne
warned. “It means our mine and our
lives to boot. When you were bending over
the scales, I caught a glint like firelight on
a rifle-barrel out in the bushes. I was
ready to kick the fire out if you miscued.”
Waiting a few minutes till the rain came
down in earnest and the wind drowned any
noise they would make, they crept out at
the back of the tent, rifles in hand, and
inched away toward the slope. At its foot
they rose and crept on up to the pit.

  They dared not risk time or the noise
of cutting stakes; these could be seen and
pulled up, anyway. Wayne plucked off
some birch paper from a tree. In that they
wrapped the notices, lifted up the velvety
carpeting of moss at three different places,
and hid the notices where they were safe.

  In the woods around them the lightning
struck shivering dose. They kept away
from the deadened pine and ducked into
the bushes when the woods were lit up by
the flashes. The lightning, running in ad-
vance of the storm, passed on southeast in
a few moments; the bolts no longer ripped
the sky overhead.

  They crept down the slope again; and
lying behind the windfall log, they watched
their camp. Wayne had no intention of
going back there; but up at the pit Jim
had hinted that possibly he was manufac-

turing a big scare out of a shoe-track and
a glint in the darkness.

  A leafy hardwood towering over the tent
protected the fire from the rain. The burn-
ing logs flung a glow into the branches of
the tree and lighted up the nearest bushes.
Just as he was beginning to think Jim
might be right, his eyes caught a move-
ment in one of the junipers. He touched
Jim and pointed.

  A man’s head and shoulders slowly
emerged from the bush. For several long
minutes he crouched there, peering through
the flap-front of the tent. In the flickering
shadows they could not make out his fea-
tures, but they saw his swarthy complexion
and noted his cautious, snakelike move-
ments.

  “An Indian or a ’breed,” Wayne whis-
pered. “He’s not the bird who made that
shoe-track. It’s a two-man outfit at least.
The play we staged must not have satisfied
’em. They’re suspicious, or they wouldn’t
be spying on us like that. They’ll find out
shortly that we tricked ’em. If we don’t
want to settle this business with rifles, we’d
better be halfway down the lake by the
time they find out we’re gone.”

'“THEY backed away and circled to hit
the lake shore three hundred yards be-
low camp. Wading through the wind-
whipped flags to the landing-place, Wayne
went up after the canoe. He crawled up
the bank, lifted the craft down to the
water, and carried it back to Jim. They
stepped in, and pushed through the flags
out upon the bosom of Lac Valleria.

  In less than a hundred yards they real-
ized that the storm which had so far been
their friend was now an enemy. The wind,
whipping down from the mountain range
and across the open water, made it un-
navigable for the canoe. It was a slim,
sharp-pointed craft, built for the skookum
chuck or forest-buried river, and not for
a white-capped lake.

  They were baling oftener than they were
paddling. Twice in the first ten minutes a
curling wave slapped against the canoe and
came within an ace of foundering it.

  A mile below camp a little juniper island
lay five hundred yards offshore. By des-
perate work they made the lee of it, but
their canoe was half full of water. Re-
luctantly Wayne turned the craft toward
it.

  “We’ll have .to wait for the lake to die
down, Jim. That’ll be quicker than going
BOOK MAGAZINE

65

ashore and hitting the trail to the rail-
road. If we can’t navigate tonight, the
gentry back behind us can’t either.”

  They landed and found a little level
glade overhung by limber pine and car-
peted with soft, springy moss. With the
ranoe over their heads they waited out
the rain.

  A little after midnight it stopped.
Toward morning the wind quieted, the
weather faired off, and the lake quickly
stilled.

  They launched the canoe and lost no
time getting away again. Wayne turned
it out into the middle of the lake, beyond
reach of any rifles that might take a no-
tion to speak from the shore. Under their
sturdy paddles the canoe skimmed along at
a good clip. Watching behind and seeing
nothing, he felt confident that they had
given their enemies the slip.

  The early sun already was . gilding the
western shore of the lake. The water had
quieted down to a silvery, mirror-placid
sheet, broken here and there by leaping
trout. Canvas-back and cinnamon teal
skittered over the surface. Fish eagles
on snags along the shore chak-chaked to
one another.

  Eight miles below the camp, a headland

By William Byron Mowery

stood out into the lake. As they danced
down toward it, sheering off a little to
keep away from its point, Wayne saw Jim
suddenly stiffen, his paddle upraised for a
stroke. He looked ahead.

  A canoe, larger than their own, with
three men in it, was darting from the point
of land to head them off.

JIM turned around. His face was a trifle
pale, but his voice was steady enough:
“There’s our friends, Wayne, blocking
the road. They’ve got one rifle on us.
What’s the call?”

  Wayne looked at the enemy canoe for a
moment, thinking swiftly.

  “We could get ashore, I guess. But I’d
rather meet an Indian or a ’breed on open
water like this than in the woods. We’ll
stay out here and settle the dispute. It’s
been drifting toward a rifle argument for
the last three days.

  “Put down your paddle, Jim; I’ll do the
maneuvering. That .300 of yours is good
at long range. I’ll keep us back away from
them and give you a chance.”

  The two craft glided within a long rifle-
shot of each other. A gun barked; a bullet
whistled over Wayne’s head. He crouched
lower, steadying the canoe with the paddle
so that his partner could sight.

In the prow of the boat Jim was kneeling
with his rifle leveled. He took a slow, de-
liberate aim and pulled.

The three men ducked down in their
craft. Jim’s bullet must have grazed the
man he aimed at, for it struck the water a
scant hundred yards beyond.

“Don’t aim at the men!” Wayne bade
him. “It’s chance at that distance and
they’ve got three chances to your one.
We’ve got to sink their boat at long range.
Shoot low. If you strike the water this
side of ’em, the bullets will glance on
through their canoe.”

The three men, seeing that Wayne was
his craft, stopped theirs. They

o

He ran across a token that made
him throw his rifle into his hand
and glance around sharply.
The Arnold Legacy

66

THE BLUE

fired all three at once. One bullet clipped
through the canoe, luckily up at the gun-
wale. Another sang past Wayne’s ear.

  Jim answered with the four shots in his
magazine, as fast as he could work the
bolt. Two bullets glanced off the water
and tore through the canoe, high up. A
third was a clean miss. The fourth hit the
canoe squarely at the wind-water line.

  The man nearest the hole lunged forward
and put his hand over it. The man in the
middle slashed off a square of canvas and
passed it to him.

  “Twice more like that one, Jim, and
they’ll be swimming like muskrats in these
twelve feet of water,” Wayne encouraged
him. “Give it to ’em while they’re broad-
side on.”

   Jim clipped in five cartridges and raised
the rifle. Before he could shoot, the three
men fired again. The paddle in Wayne’s
hand was knocked out of his grasp. A
bullet sprayed Jim with water and tore
through the canoe at his feet. He emptied
his magazine at the enemy. One bullet at
the wind-water line again—ripping a hole
as big as a fist. The others were through
the boat, but high.

VV/AYNE reached forward for the other
” paddle and backed the canoe off as
Jim reloaded. The three men, guessing
where he was aiming, whirled their craft
and presented only its narrow prow. When
they had mended the boat again, it began
creeping forward to force the battle.

  Small as the prow of the canoe was, Jim
hit it twice low down with his next five
shots. Wayne kept backing away. His
partner plainly could outshoot them. A
few more exchanges like that, and they
would be swimming.

  They must have realized that they stood
a poor chance at that range. In spite of all
that Wayne could do, they closed up.
They were not shooting now; they made
no effort to patch their boat. They meant
to finish the argument first.

  Twice Jim emptied his magazine at them
as they glided nearer across the water. At
the sharp crack of his rifle the three men
ducked low. With the boat unsteady be-
neath him, his aim was poor. His bullets
whizzed over or struck to one side of them.
The enemy did not answer. Steadily their
canoe cut down the intervening space.

  Wayne dropped his paddle and caught
up his own heavy rifle. He steadied the
canoe with a hand on the gunwale, and

bade Jim hold his fire. Lying full length in
the bottom of the boat, resting rifles on
their palms, they waited.

  At four hundred yards the men in the
other boat quit paddling. Their momen-
tum kept them gliding gently closer. Their
craft swerved slightly, touched by a whisper
of breeze. An arm over the side attempted
to point it straight again, but failed. At
three hundred yards it had turned to a
half-broadside. Wayne cocked his rifle.

  “Now!”

   At the same instant his gun and Dorval’s
cracked. He saw puffs of smoke from the
other boat. His hat was knocked off his
head into the water. He was blinded for
a moment with spray that a slug kicked up.
He clipped in a fresh magazine and poured
a stream of bullets at the boat, shooting as
fast as he could crook trigger-finger.

  One way or another, in ten seconds, the
arbitrament of rifles would be settled.

  One of the three men in the other canoe
leaped up and fell limply across the gun-
wale. Jim’s rifle was hit, as he reloaded,
and its bolt action shattered. He flung it
down and whipped out his belt-gun—use-
less at that distance. Against two rifles
Wayne was shooting desperately, aiming
point-blank at the boat, not daring to take
better aim.

   As he poured another magazine of bullets
at the enemy canoe, he saw its side cave
suddenly in, as if the middle rib had been
smashed. It rocked a moment. He heard
a yell as it filled and capsized, throwing its
occupants into the water.

  He brushed a hand across his eyes and
watched. Only one man came up. He
trod water for a bewildered moment, saw
the canoe and his two foes, and started
swimming for the point of the headland.

  His strokes were slow and labored. He
never would make it.

   The hole at Jim’s feet was shooting water
into the canoe; it was flooded a couple of
inches deep already, and threatening to
sink. Wrapping a cartridge in his hand-
kerchief, Jim plugged the hole as best he
could.

  With his eyes on the swimmer struggling
desperately, Wayne caught up his paddle
and whirled the canoe around. Jim looked
up at him.

  “What’s the idea?”

  “That bird can’t make it ashore. He’ll
go down in fifty yards.”

  “Well?”

  “We’ll pick him up.”
BOOK MAGAZINE

  “We will like hell!”

  “Cool down, partner. You wouldn’t like
to remember watching a man drown. We
want to find out the who and why of this
affair, besides. Maybe we haven’t got all
of them.”

  In spite of Jim’s angry objection, he
drove the canoe toward the swimmer.

  Before they could reach him the man
went down.

  With a powerful back-stroke, Wayne
stopped the canoe and hovered over the
spot, peering into the blue water. Against
the clean sand bottom he made out the
blurred form of the man, fighting desper-
ately to rise again, his water-soaked clothes
dragging him down.

  Twice he kicked up within a few feet
of the paddle thrust at him, but in his wild
thrashing missed and sank again. Wayne
could see him pawing frantically at the
sand bottom.

  The sight was more than Wayne could
endure. He kicked off his shoes, stripped
off his coat and dived overboard.

  When he came up again, with a hand
twisted in the coat collar of a limp form,
Jim was in the stern ready to help. He
grasped his partner’s hand, and guided it
to a clutch on the gunwale.

  “Don’t try to board!” he ordered,
grabbing up the paddle. “We’d capsize
sure. I’ll tow you both ashore.”

  A ten-minute battle, and the water-
logged canoe touched the point of the head-
land. Wayne dragged his man out of the
water, spread-eagled him, and dropped
down to work him back to consciousness.

  “Good Lord, Jim,” he burst out at sight
of the man’s face. “It’s Frank Hya-
cinthe!”

'THE office manager was sitting up in a

*	few moments, but dazed and groggy
still. He looked around him at the lake,
the tongue of land, the upturned canoe.
Then his eyes fell on Wayne, wringing the
water from his clothes. He realized where
he was and what had happened.

  His eyes could not meet Wayne’s. The
red flush of shame spread over his pinched,
blue face. His head bowed. He did not
once look up again.

  “I would, you dirty skunk!” Jim rasped
at him.

  Wayne put on his clothes and sat down
in front of his former office manager.
Never in all his life had he seen a man so
stricken with shame.

By William Byron Mowery

67

  “We’ll talk now, Hyacinthe. Don’t try
to lie or be bashful with information. Who
were your friends out there?”

  Hyacinthe did not take his eyes off the
ground, but he answered readily enough:
“They were two Blackfeet ’breeds that
have been hanging around Valleria.”

  “Real nice company for you to be loping
the bush with! Wasn’t it your shoe-track
I saw up at our test hole—a small, pointed
shoe?”

  “Yes.”

  “How did you and your friends happen
to slide out from this headland and cut us
off? We thought we’d given you the slip.”
“One of the ’breeds looked in your tent
last night. You two were not there. I
guessed you outwitted me. Then we found
your canoe was gone. I guessed you’d have
to go ashore in that wind. We carried our
boat down the trail and waited.”

   “Sounds like you were the brains of this
bush-sneak party. The ’breeds did the spy-
ing and you sorta managed them. Is that
right?”

  “It’s—true.”

  “Did we get all your gang? Any more
hanging around in the bush up there?”
“No, the two ’breeds was all.”

  “How did you know where we were in
the first place?”

  “I’d heard you and Dorval talking about
that vein maybe cropping out again up the
east range. The Chink told me you’d gone
away in a canoe. When Dorval came back
for the dynamite and drill, I had the
’breeds follow him and spot your camp.”
“All right. We’ve got the surface facts;
now we’ll dig a little deeper. I had my
eyes opened to you down in the office sev-
eral weeks ago when you switched affec-
tions to Tregor. I can understand your
wanting to own a nice rich discovery claim
that some one else discovered—wanting it
so bad you were willing to shoot two men
you’d worked with for several years.-
“But what I can’t understand is this:
You never struck me as being a self-starter,
Hyacinthe. You always seemed to drift
with the main breeze. All right for office
work, handling a pencil; but no good where
initiative was needed. To find you up here
managing a coup like this, handling a rifle
—it’s got me suspicious. Open up!”

  “We planned it together. I arranged
most of the details, because he is a che-
cliahco in the bush. We were to go fifty-
fifty—”

  “We?”
The Arnold Legacy

68

  “Yes—Tregor and me.”

  Jim sprang up from the canoe as if he
had been prodded. Wayne merely grinned.

  “Sit down, son,” he bade Dorval. “This
is just getting interesting. It was worth
diving into the river for. Tregor was play-
ing pretty heavy stakes, wasn’t he, Hya-
cinthe?”

“He had to do something. The mine—”
“We know all about the mine playing
out. Go right on. He was up a stump and
had to rob somebody, but why did he pick
on Jim and me in particular?”

  “He knew you two are experts. He heard
the rumors about this vein up the east
range. He knew you’d find it if anybody
could. He didn’t have any particular love
for you, and besides—”

  “Besides what?”

  “He was afraid of you.”

  “Afraid of me! I walked off without
making any trouble, and left him have the
Arnold mine.”

  “It wasn’t that. It was Miss Arnold.”
“What about her? Where does this
‘afraid’ come in there?”

  “He was afraid you might get her, after
all.”

  Afraid he might get her after all!
Heavens and earth, didn’t Tregor have her
already?

  “You mean he was afraid that if I struck
a discovery that made me rich, she might
—might change her mind?” asked Wayne.

  “I don’t think the possibility of a rich
discovery had anything to do with his fear.

It was you personally. I believe he didn’t
like the idea of your being around Valleria.
To say it straight out, I believe he wanted
to get rid of you for good and all.”

  “What makes you think that?”

  “I wouldn’t blame you for calling me a
liar, but I hung back from—from using
rifles on you and Dorval. I argued I could
beat you to the land-office and get the
claim. I said it would be a lot surer than
a fight with you. But he insisted you
should be killed. That’s why we came out
at you on the water, when we had an eight-
mile start.”

  “It turns out you were correct on that
count,” Wayne observed dryly. “So he in-
sisted on bumping me off! I don’t under-
stand him there. After the proof she gave
him of her choice, did he still think I might
beat him?”

  “I guess—he must have.”

  “Why?”

  “I don’t know what their relations were

By William Byron Mowery

—I mean how sure he was of her. I’m only
guessing. He asked me about those two
years when you and Miss Arnold were to-
gether. I told him I thought she liked you
and was, I think I said, engaged to you
before her father’s death.”

  “Aren’t ihey planning to get married?”
  “Yes, it is set for next week.”

  “He should have left well-enough alone,”
Wayne commented. “He hadn’t—and
hasn’t—any grounds to be afraid of me.
Is that all you know now about this whole
transaction?”

  “It’s all I know.”

  “The question is, Jim, what’re we going
to do with Hyacinthe?”

  “Turn him over to Corporal Clark!”
“But see here: Ten chances to one, the
real skunk didn’t commit himself in this
affair. There’s no material evidence against
him; you can bank on his seeing to that.
We’ve got the stuff on Hyacinthe, his tool,
but nothing on Tregor. He’d probably
succeed in lying completely out of it.
Hyacinthe would have to pay for him.”
“He deserves to. Let him. Let him get
soaked hard.”

  Wayne thought a moment. His partner
usually listened to reason, but he was mad
all through now.

  “Jim, suppose you had spied on a man,
tried to murder him, and got licked. Sup-
pose he pulled you out of the water, chewed
the rag a few minutes, and then let you go.
What would you do?”

  “I’d go shoot myself.”

  “Exactly. Hyacinthe wont do that; he
hasn’t got your nerve. But he’s got a
sense of shame, just as you have. Take a
look at him there. What I’m driving at,
if you want to soak him, and soak him
hard, let him go.

  “But that’s only a side argument. It’s
to our advantage not to turn him over to
the Mounted. See here, we don’t want to
get messed up in an affair like this. Men
would say, ‘Uh-huh! Bad blood between
them over the girl! That claim-snatching
is just Dorval’s and Wayne’s version!’ I’m
not anxious to have my name connected
with a shooting-party. Better just keep it
quiet. We can do that. Nobody but the
Devil will ever miss these two ’breeds, and
he’ll know right where they are.”

  Jim scowled at Hyacinthe a little while
before he answered:
Wayne dived overboard. When he
came up, with a limp form, Jim
was ready to help.

  “I guess you’re right, Wayne. A shoot-
ing affair always reflects on both parties to
it. But there’s one thing—Nancy ought
to be told about Tregor. You naturally
can’t, but I will. I don’t mean she might
swing back to you if she knew about him.
For her own .sake—” He broke off
abruptly. “Hell, I can’t keep from liking
her, Wayne, in spite of everything! I’d
hate to think of her marrying a carcajou
like him.”

  Wayne tried to think of her imperson-
ally, as he would think of any other girl.
Tregor would probably walk the straight
and narrow after this sharp lesson. If she
loved him, she would be happy with him
anyway. They would go back to the East
together. The whole sorry affair would be
smoothed out.

  “It works both ways, Jim,” he said pres-
ently. “In my case, she was a grown
woman, making her own choice. In this
case she has to be too. She had a couple
years to judge me, and a couple to judge
Tregor. She made her choice when she
signed that wage-cut.

  “But I wont be unjust. I’ll do for her
what I’d do for any girl. We’ve got to
protect her as much as we can. When you
go down, go and see Tregor. jTell him
we’re hep to his whole trick. Throw a
scare into him. Tell him we’re going to
keep an eye on him, and if he doesn’t toe
the line from now on, we’ll dig up old
bones.”

  “It’s your concern,” Jim agreed reluc-
tantly. “If that’s how you feel about it,
I’ll tell her nothing.”

AT beginning of twilight that evening
Wayne was in camp watching through
a screen of spruce boughs for his partner’s
return. Taking Hyacinthe along, Jim had
gone down to register the claim, bring up

grub supplies and get surveying instru-
ments.

  With two rifles and two paddles no
longer needed, Wayne had walked back up
the shore trail to keep an eye on the dis-
covery and do some of the preliminary work
before the inevitable rush of prospectors
and speculators.

  During the day he had roughly staked
out plots of the level shore terrace for the
mill site and the homes of the workmen.
Already he had formed plans of dredging
a channel into the lake bank so that a barge
could bring up machinery and other
things from the railroad. Up the lake half
a mile, away from the bustle and noise of
the stamps, he had staked a little glade
where he thought Jim would want to build
his home and Eleanor’s.

  With one exception, the whole outlook
was roseate. That one exception Wayne
would not admit to himself, though all
the other things were trivial in comparison
with it.

  While he was staking Jim’s home in the
glade, he had tried to whistle uncon-
cernedly, but could not. The challenge to
his energy that lay ahead of him in erecting
the mill, the pleasure of having his old crew
back with him again, the pride of owning
his own mine, the certainty of splitting a
fortune with Jim Dorval—all of it left him
strangely cold.....

  Down the lake the canoe came in sight.
Three hundred yards away, Jim shouted
and waved a paper, in token that the claim
was theirs. Wayne met him and carried
the instruments to the tent.

69
The Arnold Legacy

  •“Did you see Tregor?”

  “I did that. I looked him in the eye for
ten minutes. He promised everything. I
think you sized him up right, Wayne. He
was in a desperate pinch. He saw a chance
to get a mine and be rid of you at one
crack. It’s his first misstep; he may toe
the line from now on. But—there’s a canoe
coming up the lake.”

  “More bush-sneaks?”

  “No. It’s—Nancy.”

  Wayne dropped the instrument he was
adjusting. “Did you tell her?”

  “I did not. I didn’t even see her while
I was there.”

  “Then what’s she coming for?”

  “How do I know?”

IN a few minutes more the second canoe
came slipping up the shore along the
flags. Attistah, the Beaver guide, was pad-
dling it, kneeling Indian-fashion in the
stern. In the twilight Wayne made out a
.girlish figure sitting in the middle.

  “If you don’t want to go through with
it, partner,” Jim ventured, “I’ll stay here
and meet her.”

  “I’d rather she hadn’t come,” Wayne
answered quietly. “But sometime or other
I’d meet her and have to go through with
it. It had better be now.”

  Jim walked aside as the canoe slipped in
through the flags and touched the bank.
Attistah stayed in it. Nancy came up alone
to the tent.

  She was dressed in the woods clothes she
had worn that day he cut the birch-marl
ring for her. It struck Wayne oddlyr At
first, in his bitterness, he wondered why.
A deliberate attempt to bring back the two
sunlit years, to appear to him as she had
been then, to gain whatever she had come
for?

  Then he realized that on the long canoe-
trip she had honestly needed them.

  She stopped a few feet from him, leaning
against the moss-clad trunk of the hard-
wood. She was breathing quickly; he could
see the tie throbbing up and down on her
breast. He steeled himself against a mad-
dening impulse to go up and take her in
his arms. He had fought out that battle
weeks ago.

  For several moments she did not speak.
It seemed to him she was leaning against
the massive trunk for support and strength.
They were looking into each other’s eyes.
There was no dissembling, no studied poise
in her words or mien now. In the swift

THE BLUE

tfnse scene between them, all pretense and
evasion dropped.

  “I’ve heard about my worthless mine,
Stephen Wayne.”

  “I’m sorry. I expected the end to come
any time.”

  “I know what you did there those four
years. I know all the—the sacrifices. I
heard about the offers you turned down at
other places. When you weren’t even tak-
ing a salary for yourself, I was writing
letters about—about the money you sent
to me. I remember one; it was criminal.”
“Don’t be unjust to yourself, Miss
Arnold. You didn’t know.”

  “Why didn’t you tell me?”

  “I didn’t want to put you under obliga-
tions.”

  “But why did you sacrifice yourself and
waste all those years?”

  “You might guess why.”

  “But will you tell me why—from your
own lips?”

  Why was she wanting to be told some-
thing that she had known for six years?

  “If you had come back alone,” he said
frankly, “I would have been repaid a thou-
sand times. That’s why.”

  Her cheeks flushed. She looked away
from him while she spoke:

  “I suppose—it is too late—to repay you
—now.”

  She was offering herself to him! That
had been the purpose of her visit. She had
led directly to it. She had asked his avowal
of love so that she could offer herself with-
out shame.

  Her part of the bargain! She was
carrying it through, as he had known she
would. He gave bitter thanks that he had
done the honorable thing in leaving her
free to make her choice.

  He did not answer her last words. She
took a step forward, looked up at him. For
a moment her eyes clung desperately to his.

  She turned away from him, as if to
leave, but checked herself. Her voice was
low and spiritless when she spoke again:

  “I heard about your discovery here,
Stephen. I thanked God for it. You went
on with your work and forgot me, as you
should have done, instead of yielding to
any—any weakness. It seemed you came
into your own the moment you broke away
from that mine—and all its influence. It
seems my father was your enemy in all he
did. Wont you take the machinery from
my mine and use it here? It’s a poor pay-
ment, but it’s all I’ve got.”
BOOK MAGAZINE

  “Yes, it’s all you’ve got. That’s why I
can’t take it, Miss Arnold. Tregor can
dispose of—”

  “I heard about Tregor, too. You would
have kept me in ignorance about him try-
ing to kill you and Jim.”

  “Who told you all these things?”
“Frank Hyacinthe. He came to me
down there after Jim released him. He
told me the story of those four years—
and all about his dealings with Tregor.”
“Why?”

  “It was from gratitude to you, Stephen.
He said he would give everything he had on
earth to be back working for you. He
knew I’d never let Tregor see me again.
He thought I’d come up here to you when
I knew the truth. He didn’t suspect that
you no longer—wanted—wanted—”

  “What made Tregor so anxious to kill
me, Miss Arnold? When you sided with
him in that wage-cut—”

  “I was led to sign it. He knew that.”
  “Led? You were free—”

  She made a gesture of dissent.

  “I’ve been led all my life!” she in-
terrupted bitterly. “You treated me just
as my father did, Stephen. You kept me
in ignorance, and let me go on playing these
four years when I should have been here
with you. He kept me in ignorance, and
continued to rule my choice of this and
that. I hardly had a mind of my own.
Tregor, like you and my father, laid a
sheet of paper in front of me and told me
to sign. I knew what it meant, but I
wasn’t free.

  “I wasn’t free—not till I started up here
to see you and ask to pay you. That was
the first free thing I’ve done in all my
life.”

  The blood was hammering madly
through Wayne’s head. The first free
thing—did it mean she came rot from a
sense of duty, of her deep obligation to
him, but because she loved him?

  He went up to her and laid his hand on
her arm.

  “Nancy, look at me. You’ll tell me the
God’s truth. There is only one question
between us now. When you came here
with Tregor, before you found out what
I’d done these four years, were you en-
gaged to him?”

  He could see the word, “No,” fashioning
itself upon her lips. She tried to utter it
but could not. He knew from her eyes
it would have been a lie. His hope died.
His hand dropped from her arm.

By William Byron Mowery

71

CHE turned away from him and went
^ blindly down toward the canoe. Wayne
did not follow. He stood watching, silent.
He thought that once she stopped and
looked back at him; but in the evening
gloom of the junipers, he could not be sure.
She reached the canoe, crouched down in
it; the Indian skirled it out upon the lake.

  In the deepening twilight it faded out of
his sight while he still could hear the swish
of the paddle. When that too had gone,
he leaned against the mossy hardwood,
staring at nothing save the bleak years
ahead.

  He knew now the battle with himself, the
battle to forget her, had never been won.
He had been deluding himself. He could
not forget, could never put her out of his
life. The mere sight of her had roused all
the old fierce longing which he thought he
had put down. Her presence was like a
subtle perfume; against it resolve and
steeled will were powerless.

  Jim stepped back into camp. For a si-
lent moment or two he looked at the gray,
drawn face of his partner.

  “I couldn’t help hearing part of it,
Wayne,” he spoke up. “I wonder if you
did the right thing?”

  “She came back engaged to Tregor,”
Wayne said dully. “You can’t get around
that. She admitted it.”

  “But wait a minute. I think I see this
whole thing now; I didn’t see it before she
came, or I’d have spoken up then. I want
to remind you of something. You told me
several times that her father’s influence was
the most powerful thing in her life. That’s
what she was driving at a minute ago when
she said she’d been led to do this and that.
She was telling the truth when she said
that coming up here was the first free thing
she’d done in all her life.”

  “But she came back—”

F^ORVAL stopped him. “I know what
you’re going to say. She came back
here intending to marry Tregor. That’s
true. She deliberately tried to put you out
of her life. That’s true too. But why?

  “While we were going down the lake,
Hyacinthe gave me an earful. That snoop
knows everything, and he was so grateful
to you that he spilled all he knew.

  “Old Polonius put one over on you,
Wayne. He slipped you a mean one, boy.
That’s what she was driving at when she
said he was your enemy. You think
he liked you. He did, as far as the mine
The Arnold Legacy

work went. But no farther. He was
shrewd enough to be double-faced, and you
not know it.

  “When he saw you and Nancy getting
thick, he investigated you. I hate to say
it, Wayne, but your dad and mother
were against you. When old Polonius
found that out! You know he had a mind
harder’n Plymouth Rock, and queer no-
tions about genteel blood. Friendship or
his debt to you didn’t stop him from slip-
ping you a mean one. You weren’t any
husband for his daughter! Like father,
like son—that’s what he thundered at Nan-
cy, and his word was law to her. In her
eyes, when you didn’t give in like your dad,
you proved old Polonius’ hereditary taint
was a damned lie! 'Don’t you realize that
was what she was driving at?”

  Wayne whirled upon him.

  “You’re lying! You want to see me
marry her—”

  “Easy, Wayne—I’m not through yet.
Here’s some more: He practically ar-
ranged her marriage with Tregor. He gave
her a flat order not to have anything to do
with you. That was in his will. Imagine
what it meant to her just after his death!
You can blame her, if you want to, for
obeying him—for bringing Tregor back
with her, treating you cold as a sort of
self-protection, forcing herself to something
she shuddered at. But d’you realize,
Wayne, that when she came up here and
offered herself to you, she broke away from
her father and defied him? Why? She
couldn’t tell you in three words, after you’d
refused to—to be paid!”

VV/AYNE leaned against the tree. His
” brain whirled giddily. In the tumult
of his emotions one thing stood out very
clearly: Hyacinthe the snoop had saved
him from a horrible mistake—if it were
not too late now.

   “I didn’t believe it myself, Wayne,” Jim
idded. “I thought Hyacinthe was string-
ing me. I didn’t believe the old pater ja-
milias would do you a trick as mean as
that. But when I heard what she told you,
that proved it. What are you going to
do about it?”

  Wayne turned swiftly and made for the
canoe.

  He sensed, rather than saw, that Jim
was hurrying after him and getting into
the boat.

  “We can catch ’em, Wayne,” he said
softly, “before they pass the island.”

By William Byron Mowery

n

  Wayne did not answer. He was dipping
his paddle blade-deep and peering ahead
into the purple twilight.

  Within a mile they came in sight of the
Indian’s canoe, and overhauled it rapidly.

  “It may be, Jim,”—Wayne turned his
head around,—“it may be that Nancy and
I will go down the lake together. If we
do, you hurry on ahead with the Indian.
I want you to catch Frank Hyacinthe.
He’s had his lesson. Tell him if he wants
his old job back, he can have it.”

  “Good heavens!” Dorval gasped. “And
shall I give Tregor your love?”

  As they drew near, they saw Nancy
still crouched down in the middle of the
canoe, her head bent in her arms. As they
came closer still and drew alongside, he
saw that she was weeping bitterly. At the
camp she had kept her self-control, but
her courage had utterly broken as she
started back on the lonely trip to Valleria.

  Wayne took things in his own hands;
they had drifted long enough.

  “Get into this boat!” he ordered the
Indian. “You, me, change places. You go
down lake with Dorval.”

  The Indian looked at Nancy. At the un-
expected sound of Wayne’s voice, she
glanced up, startled. She turned her head
away and tried to dash the tears from her
eyes.

  Bewildered by his order, she did not
know what to say. Wayne and Attistah
changed places.

  “Now paddle!” Jim bade the Indian.
  Their canoe vanished.

  Wayne headed his craft for the island
shore a hundred yards away. When it
touched, he stepped out and drew it along-
side a rock.

  “Nancy!”

  She had buried her face in her arms
again. She did not look up or answer. For
a moment he leaned over her, not daring
to touch her. Then he stooped swiftly,
picked her up in his arms, and carried her
ashore to a seat on a mossy rock in the
glade of limber pines.

  “What we’ve been looking forward to
for years, Nancy, is ours now—if you’ll
forgive me.”

  “But you—you refused!” she sobbed.
“You didn’t want to be paid!”

Wayne brushed the past aside with a
single question: “Are you glad I came?”
He waited till she turned her face up to
him. Her arm went around his neck in an-
swer.
The
Trail of
Death

H. Bedford-Jones

With a wild
laugh, he thrust
out the pistol
and fired.

  “Over Abbeville,” the second in this remarkable series,
  includes one of the most unusual and exciting scenes
  ever described—a fight to the death waged in the
  narrow cabin of a London-to-Paris passenger plane.

  Illustrated by L. R. Gustavson

DURANT stood at the rail, watching
the gleam of the Land’s End light
twinkle across the night. The
Tyrania was on the last leg of her voyage;
at dawn she would be just off Plymouth,
and all those who could change at the last
moment would go into the lighter instead
of on to Cherbourg, for dirty weather lay
ahead of her. Durant had changed, but for
other reasons.

  A light step, and Durant turned to find
the slender figure of Baroness Glincka at
his side. Known aboard ship as Mrs. Rob-
inson, her unhappy story was hidden with
her name; only Durant knew how her dead
husband’s cousin, Boris Makoff, held her
gripped in tentacles of blackmail, forcing
her to aid his little schemes, making her an
unwilling but helpless member of his Paris
coterie of genteel crooks. It was for her
sake that Durant had wormed his way into
this organization, getting the confidence of
Makoff—waiting!

  “You got the message?” she asked in the
darkness.

  “Yes, and changed. You’ll get off at
Plymouth too?”

  “Yes. Boris is planning something at
London, before going on. I’m not sure
what; but the victim is that white-haired

man who keeps to himself. Larson, the
name is. Boris introduced him to me to-
night, using my real name. He’s a nice old
man.”

  “And a game’s on, eh?” Durant knew
Larson by sight—a stiff, bronzed man with
white hair and mustache, and shrewd, kind-
ly old eyes, traveling alone.

  “Something. Boris wants you to come
into the smoking-room, and meet Larson.
I think he’s a Dane who’s made a fortune
in America and is taking a trip to Den-
mark—that’s my guess. I suppose Boris
means to wring his neck in London by your
help and mine.”

  “Pleasant prospect,” said Durant.

  “What will Lewis say when he learns the
truth?”

  “He wont learn it. I’ve arranged—at a
little expense. You’ll see in the morning.”
“Then you’re a magician! ”

  “Borrowed magic—from your beauty.”

CHE laughed a little and was gone into
the darkness. Durant stared out at the
gleaming light on the horizon, and thought
over the past, back to those Paris days
when he, a clerk in an American branch
bank, poor, half-starved, struggling for life
and health, had seen the beautiful Bar-

73
The Trail of Death

oness Glincka come in three times a week
to the next window.

  And now he knew her, was fighting for
her—was a crook for her sake! An odd
turn of destiny. An almost forgotten rela-
tive dead, a legacy of almost forgotten land
in Florida, a trip home—wealth! Then he
headed back for Paris, to take his ease
where he had starved and fought and
sweated. So he had thought—but work had
come to him.

  “That you, Durant?” It was the voice
of Lewis, who came quietly out of the dark-
ness, a cigar-tip glowing redly. “First sight
of England, eh? I’m leaving you in the
morning.”

  “But I’m going up to London too, in-
stead of on to Cherbourg.”

  “Good! .Shall I see you in London?”
“No. Wiser not—wait for Paris.”
“Right. I’ll give you my address there.
I’m going right on—taking the afternoon
plane over tomorrow.”

  Lewis fumbled for a card-case. He was a
smallish man, very alert—a wholesale drug-
gist from the Middle West, now engaged
in smuggling a suitcase filled with cocaine
into France—a task in which Durant pre-
sumably was aiding. True, Durant had
saved him from Boris Makoff, had dumped
the cocaine into the Atlantic and substituted
baking soda for it—and for these services,
known and unknown, Lewis was an ally.
Once in Paris, he promised to be a most im-
portant ally.

  “Thanks.” Durant took the card thrust
at him. “You’ll hear from me as soon as
I get settled—if not before! I’ve a rather
big game to pull off, and there’ll be pick-
ings in it. They’ll go to your friends who
help me. I’m not in it for money.”

  He did not say that he was not in it for
crooks’ money—he had no intention of
injuring the feelings of Lewis just yet. The
two men separated, and Durant headed for
the smoking-room, filled to bursting with
the usual last-night crowd.

  Makoff had a table and lounge in one
comer; with him was the silent, rather off-
ish Larson—impeccably dressed, as usual,
and only a little less lonely. Helen—or
Baroness Helena Glincka—had rejoined
them and was drawing Larson into
almost lively conversation. Cards lay wait-
ing on the table.

r\URANT approached, saw Makoff make
a remark, saw the eyes of Larson sweep
to him with almost eager interest. He

THE BLUE

could not understand it, but came up to the
table. Makoff rose.

  “Ah, Durant! Let me introduce you to
Mr. Larson of Toledo—Mr. Durant. What
about a rubber, if your packing’s done?”
“Glad.” Durant bowed to the Baronne,
and shook hands with Larson, in whose
mild blue eyes rested that same curious,
scrutinizing expression. Then and later his
manner toward Durant was almost deferen-
tial, though as a rule his air was brusque
enough. That he was quite captivated by
the Baronne, too, was soon evident.

  There was no opportunity for private
conversation until, a few rubbers ended,
Helen departed under pretense of having
to pack. Larson also rose, and shook hands
with Durant.

  “If you’re alone,” he said, “we might
go to London together in the morning.”
“I’ll be glad,” said Durant, finding him-
self liking the old man. “See you at the
pier, eh?”

  So they parted. Left alone, Durant met
the gaze of Makoff with inquiring eyes.
“Well? What’s the game?”

  The bold, aggressive regard of the Rus-
sian dwelt upon him for an instant, and in
those dark depths Durant read startling,
baffling things.

  “Tell you later,” said Makoff calmly,
with a gesture at the room. “Get up to
London with him, ask him to visit you for
a day or so—until Monday, say. The
week-end. Tell him your car will meet the
train.”

  “My car? But I haven’t any!”

  “Your mistake,” said Makoff, and
smiled. “Your chauffeur, Giles, will meet
the train.” And this was all he would say.

IN the drizzling rain of a dark gray dawn,
the Tyrania disembarked her passengers
into the lighter, while the rattling, banging
winches sent aboard the nets of hold lug-
gage. Durant stood in the rain on the up-
per deck of the lighter, watching.

  “I’ve been looking for you.” The Baronne
emerged from the cabin, joined him. Her
face was pale, anxious, her sky-blue eyes
wide and filled with alarm. “I’ve learned
what’s up—”

  Durant, touching his hat, turned sud-
denly to the rail. “Look!” he broke in.
There was a swift commotion forward—an-
gry cries, orders, a medley of voices. One
of the nets had just come down.

  “What is it?” she demanded, frowning
at the rain-wet scene. Durant laughed.
BOOK MAGAZINE

75

  “That,” he said, “is the pet suitcase of
our friend Lewis going over the side. It’s
gone! Here’s the sequel.” And he opened
his hand to show a twenty-pound note.
“But you were going to say—”

  She came close to' him. “I’ve found out
about it,” she said rapidly in French. “I
think Larson’s to be murdered—I’m not
sure. He’s carrying a large sum—got it
from the purser—in cash.”

  “I’ll take care of it,” said Durant, and
took her hand. He smiled into her eyes.
“Out of the rain, now! All’s well that ends
well. Au revoir!”

  The last Durant saw of Lewis, the little
rascal was involved in heated argument at
the Customs shed with sundry porters.
Durant laughed and passed on. His own
trail was covered; the cocaine and substi-
tute alike were gone; and the past was
closed. The future remained.

P'LOSETED in a first-class compartment
^ with Larson, Durant arranged about
breakfast, took his companion into the res-
taurant car, and thawed him out in no
time. Returning, they lighted cigars and
became more or less confidential. Durant
found himself treated with the same curious
interest he had noticed the previous eve-
ning, but could not penetrate to the reason.

  Larson was shyly eloquent regarding the
Baronne. A shrewd old man, manufacturer
and banker, he was yet in some ways diffi-
dent and unsophisticated as a child—and
Makoff had obviously found the way,
though Durant was slow to realize just
where it lay. Comprehension came slowly.

  “Perhaps you’ll stay the week-end with
me?” asked Durant. “I’m not going on to
Paris at once, and I’d be very glad. You
see, I’ve been rather alone.”

  “Like me,” said Larson. “Yes, I noticed.
Queer we’d run together the last day!
Why, about the visit—I don’t know,
Durant, I don’t know. I’d like to mighty
well, but I expect I’d make a fool of my-
self. I’m not acquainted with the way you
do things over here.”

  Durant was puzzled, the more so be-
cause he himself was acting in the dark,
not knowing what Makoff intended.

  “And she was a real baroness, eh?”
Larson chewed his cigar. “Well, well! And
to think of you—but I suppose you don’t
imagine that I know who you are? But I
do. That’s why I’m afraid to accept your
invitation. I’d like to, because I like you;
anyone can see you’re straight as a string,

By H. Bedford-Jones

in spite of what they say about nobility.
Now, I’m not so sure about that Russian
chap—”

  “Nobility?” repeated Durant. Larson
broke into a laugh.

  “Oh, I know about it! That Russian
told me. You see, so long as you’re Durant
to me, it’s all right. We get on fine. But
when you become Lord Northcote—gosh,
man! I’d be proud enough to bust, to think
I’d visited you—but think of the breaks
I’d make! I wouldn’t know whether to call
you ‘My Lord,’ or ‘Mister,’ or what!
And being all alone, with my wife dead,
I’ve no one to steer me around. Not but
what it’s tempting—”

  Durant laughed, largely to conceal his
startled amazement, for the old man’s lone-
liness struck him as pathetic. Lord North-
cote!

  “So I’m a lord, am I?” he said. Larson
chuckled.

  “Oh, he warned me you’d perhaps be an
gry—but I’ll say nothing about it. You
just keep on being Durant, see? If you
will, I’ll accept the invitation. How about
it? I’ll have three days in London any-
how. Leaving there Monday.”

  “Done,” said Durant.

LIE probed carefully, anxious to make no
slip, and came upon the amazing truth.
Larson, a Continental by birth, had pro-
found respect for nobility; now, old and
wealthy, going back to Europe, the idea of
mixing with titled gentry was fascinating in
the extreme to him—it was his weak spot.

  And lurking in the background behind
all this, was black murder.

  Warn Larson? Impossible. Against his
plans and hopes for rescuing Helen Glincka
from the blackmail grip of Makoff, Durant
would have let a dozen Larsons go to death.
Being a party to it was another matter al-
together, and here he could act as events
gave him clue. He was well assured that
Makoff would have made careful plans by
wire, for the Russian had a very able
criminal organization to back him up;
warning Larson, then, might only precipi-
tate the disaster.

  Sooner or later, a break must come with
Makoff—indeed, Durant meant to attack
the man mercilessly, pitilessly, upon reach-
ing Paris. There he would be on familiar
ground, and would have friends among the
dope-ring, thanks to Lewis; he could fight
fire with fire. Until then, he must inform
himself as fully as possible about Makoff’s
The Trail of Death	THE BLUE

76

crowd, arm himself with every possible
weapon, prepare!

  “I’ll have to play my part, save Larson
if possible, keep under cover with Makoff,”
he decided. And aloud: “My car should
meet the train—-have you any luggage?”
“Just my two suitcases.” Larson pointed
at the rack. Then he smiled. “I’m keeping
close to them, too! One of ’em has a big
roll of currency—more than I could carry,
for I have my pockets full besides.”

  “Eh?” Durant stared, wondering at
such recklessness. “You’re not serious?”
Larson chuckled. “Think it queer, eh?
Well, it is! But in the old country, you
know,—and all over Europe for that mat-
ter,—American money is badly wanted.
Not in gold, because it’s not pure, but bills.
So I’m bringing back a small fortune in
hundred-dollar bills. You’ve no idea what
can be bought with hundred-dollar Ameri-
can bills in Europe! I’m going to make my
whole family comfortable for life, I can
tell you. It may be foolish to carry them,
but that’s all bosh. I’m careful.”

  “Yes,” thought Durant, “you’re blessed
careful! You don’t even talk about it!”
Something eluded him here—he could
sense it. Larson was right enough about
the American money being in keen de-
mand; yet there was some subtly felt note
in the whole thing that rang queer.

r\URANT, cynical enough about most
things from his years of bitter struggle
with the world, believed in luck. Luck, and
no doing of his, had brought him his pres-
ent affluence. Luck had brought him into
contact with Helen Glincka; luck had
shown him her. story, had given him the
chance to serve her. And now, as the boat-
train roared on Londonward, luck suddenly
bobbed up with the most amazing twist of
all.

  “Another three-quarters of an hour,”
said Larson, glancing at his watch. “Hm!
Fifteen years since I’ve been in England,
and it looks the same—the same—”

  The man’s face changed suddenly. His
words died. He jerked his hat a little lower,
then turned, staring from the window.
Durant blinked at him, wondering at his
manner, wondering at the odd something
about the man. Then he glanced up.

  Outside their compartment door was
standing a man, looking in. An ordinary
Englishman, clipped gray mustache, lounge-
suit, square chin, heavy-lidded eyes—only
the eyes were not ordinary, for they were

the eyes of one who gives orders. A retired
army man, perhaps.

  He pushed open the door, and came in.
His gaze swept Durant, seemed to compre-
hend him at once, went on to Larson. Du-
rant moved over to make room—the man
had come in to smoke, no doubt, as this
was a smoker, and the train was fairly full.
Next instant, however, Durant realized his
mistake. Upon the little compartment set-
tled an atmosphere tense and terrible.

  Sitting opposite Larson, the Englishman
produced a cigarette and lighted it, indeed
—but his eyes were fastened upon Larson,
with a grimly humorous expression. Larson
gazed at him blankly an instant, then
looked away, yet with an effort.

  “A bit older, old chap, aren’t you?” said
the Englishman suddenly. “I fancy we
both are, what? Fifteen years—devilish
long time, eh?”

  Coming so soon after Larson’s remark,
these words startled Durant, showed him
something lay under the surface here. And
in the eyes of Larson, he saw it was
tragedy.

  “I’m afraid you’re mistaken,” said Lar-
son.

  The Englishman laughed, and at the
sound of it, Durant stiffened.

  “Really, now? Quite a stroke of luck,
this—looking for some one else, you know.
So your memory has gone off a bit, eh?
Most extra’nary, memory! Now, the
moment I saw you, I told myself there was
my old friend Gunnar Hanson. And what
may you be doing in Blighty, Gunnar?
Hadn’t you fancied it might be a bit un-
healthy here, eh?”

  “I—I’m going through,” said Larson in
a strangled voice. “To the Continent. I’ve
made my pile in the States—I’m going
through. Not stopping at all.”

  “Ah, but you’re mistaken about that!”
said the other pleasantly. “Badly mistaken,
old thing! A little matter—what was the
name? Inspector Bagwell, wasn’t it? I re-
member his funeral quite well. I promisee!
his widow that I’d bag you some day!”
Smiling cheerfully at his victim, the Eng-
lishman put his cigarette between his lips
and puffed at it—unfortunately for him-
self. For Larson, though white as a sheet,
lashed out a blow as swift and unexpected
as the stroke of a snake.

  One short, swift blow—no more. To it,
the Englishman crumpled up and sagged
limply to one side. Larson’s fist showed the
gleam of knuckles, as he darted up and to
BOOK MAGAZINE

the door. He drew the blue curtains, then
whirled, and stared at Durant with a face
of desperation.

  Durant was laughing—the mad humor of
it struck him in a wave. Here was a mur-
derer, a criminal with a record; and Makoff
had picked on him as an innocent victim!

  “Well, what about it?” snarled the voice
of Larson. The latter was suddenly trans-
formed—the shrewd, gentle, unsophisti-
cated old man had become a crouching, des-
perate enemy of society. “What you going
to do, huh? My only chance was to stop
his mouth. You heard him—it was fifteen

77

By H. Bedford-Jones

 “Yes, by birth. I’m a naturalized Ameri-
 can now. Yes or no?”

 “Yes,” said Durant, “—provided you
 don’t murder this chap.”

 “Done with you,” said Larson.

 He darted to the prostrate man, frisked
 him quickly and efficiently, snapped the

Larson lashed out a How as swift and unexpected
as the stroke of a snake.

years ago! They’d nab me for that. You’re
a lord—you can save me or not. What
about it?”

  Durant’s mirth was abruptly banished,
and he stared at Larson. The man actually
believed Makoff’s story, then.

  “I’m no policeman,” he said. “I suppose
you’ve been a virtuous angel the past fif-
teen years, eh? Really a manufacturer?”
“Hell, no!” snapped Larson, wide-eyed.
“You mean it—you’ll give me a chance? I
aint lying. I’m a crook—but you invited
me. You liked me. Now, will you stick to
it or not?”

  Shrewd, this! Thinking Durant an Eng-
lishman, a mistake no Briton would have
made, and really a lord,—a mistake only
an American could have made,—Larson
was appealing to his pride, his sporting in-
stinct of fair play and word given.

  “What the devil are you?” demanded
Durant. “A Dane, as you posed?”

steel bracelets around their owner’s wrists,
emptied the pockets into his own, gagged
him with handkerchiefs, stretched him out
along one seat after throwing up the arms.
To Durant it was a revelation—it showed
the man as nothing else could have done.
Crook, eh? Then Larson was no petty
scoundrel. He knew how to do things.

  Once more the humor of it smote Durant
hard, with added force after Larson’s state-
ment. The man was a professional crook,
self-admitted, and Makoff had selected him
—but wait! Crook or not, he had swal-
lowed the bait and was hooked, thus to an
extent justifying Makoff’s judgment. And
Durant himself had been completely de-
ceived by the rascal.

  “Just what sort of crook are you?” asked
Durant, extending his cigarette-case. He
gave no heed to the senseless detective—
Durant had little pity for inefficiency.
“Bank-robber, confidence-worker or thug?”
The Trail of Death

  Larson grinned, as he flung his overcoat
over the unfortunate Englishman and set-
tled down in comfort.

  “To tell you the truth, a little of any-
thing,” he said frankly. His shrewd old
features settled back into their usual kindly
wrinkles. “I’ve touched all sides of the
game—but while I’m with you, I’m
straight. That goes! I shouldn’t have
stopped off in England at all, but I thought
it was safe enough—and I was tempted.
Now, if you and I go together, say by air,
we’ll get out of the country. That is, if
you’ll help me so far! Otherwise, I’m done
for. It’ll be almost impossible for me to
get out of England now, unless—”

  He made a gesture toward the shape be-
side him. Durant shook his head.

  “None of that. I’ll get you out, all
right. So you’ve made your pile in the
States, eh? In what game?”

  “All kinds,” said Larson, and laughed.
Then he sobered. “Look here! We’ll have
to make a quick get-away when we get
to the station—Waterloo, is it? Or Pad-
dington? Porters will come through to get
luggage and see if anything’s left in the
cars.”

  “Don’t worry,” said Durant calmly.
“My chauffeur should meet us there. And
to you, I’ll be plain Ralph Durant, under-
stand? What’s more, I’ll keep your secret.
Is it agreed?”

  “Agreed,” said Larson, and put out his
hand. “I’ll be on the level with you.”
Durant meant his words. He had no in-
tention whatever of telling Makoff any-
thing, and he shook hands gravely with the
murderer and criminal opposite. As a mat-
ter of fact, he much preferred the man to
Makoff.

p\URANT had hitherto seen Makoff as a
man of culture, energy, ruthless ability;
but in the ensuing hours he began to realize
why this man could hold his cousin’s widow
in bonds of blackmail and force her to give
not only money, but service, to his cause.

  He knew Makoff could have had less
than twenty-four hours to prepare for his
coup against Larson. He knew, too, that
Makoff was scrupulously anxious to keep
any breath of police suspicion from his ac-
tivities; much of his work lay among the
upper strata of society, and he could not af-
ford publicity or suspicion. Therefore, even
granted that he was in touch with some
criminal organization in London, his
achievement was marvelous.

THE BLUE

78

  Having only hand-baggage, Larson and
.Durant slipped out of the train and down
the platform in all haste; they would have
only a few moments before the plight of the
unfortunate detective was discovered, and
swiftness was imperative. Before they had
gone the length of the train, however, a
neatly liveried chauffeur appeared and sa-
luted Durant as though from old acquaint-
ance.

  “All ready, Your Lordship.”

  “Ah, Giles, how are you?” exclaimed
Durant. Inspecting the man, he found him
to be no Englishman, certainly—a Con-
tinental of some sort. “Here, Larson, turn
over your bags to Giles. Is the house
opened up for me, Giles?”

  “Quite, sir. And the other guests, sir?
You cabled one or two others might ar-
rive—”

   “Haven’t heard yet, Giles,” said Durant,
and could have laughed to see the expres-
sion on Larson’s face—half admiring, half
delighted. “Lord Tiverton hasn’t shown
up?”

  “No sir, but I have a letter—it came
this morning, and as it seemed rather im-
portant, I took the liberty to bring it along,
sir.”

  “Give it to me at the car. Hurry, now!
Let’s get out of this crowd.”

  Durant let Giles lead the way, and fol-
lowed with Larson. He did not half like
the looks of this tall, rangy chauffeur with
a cast in one eye—the man looked alto-
gether too intelligent to be a petty scoun-
drel. Durant sized him up as a Bulgar or
Austrian, from his perfect English and the
general cut of his jib.

  In another two minutes they were out of
the station and climbing into a waiting
Daimler saloon that had all the appearance
of a luxurious private car. When he had
stowed the bags, Giles handed in a letter,
closed the door, mounted to his seat, and
they moved off. Durant found the letter a
registered envelope addressed to Lord
Northcote, at an address in King’s Road,
Richmond.

   “Excuse me, will you?” he said, and tore
it open in some wonder. He found a page
enclosed bearing the following typed mes-
sage, unaddressed and unsigned:

     Glincka comes tomorrow guest. Also Count
   Dardent. House small. Others may come.
   Giles full charge everything.

  As Durant pocketed the letter, it oc-
curred to him that Makoff must have
BOOK MAGAZINE

chalked up a pretty telegraph bill from
Plymouth.

  “Lord, how it’s changed in fifteen years!”
exclaimed Larson, staring out at the streets.
Thin rain was falling. “The busses—would
you look at ’em! Block the streets, almost
•—bigger than the houses! Where are we
heading?”

  “Richmond,” said Durant. “I’ve a small
place there. By the way, I think Baroness
Glincka will show up tomorrow, for the
week-end, and perhaps Count Dardent.
One or two others—hard to say. My re-
turn seems to have been advertised. You
know Richmond?”

  “No, but I used to know a man there.”
Larson fingered his white mustache, and
flung Durant a smile. “Chap named Silver
—a Scotchman who managed opera tours
and such. I trimmed him at a game once.
Well, I expect he’s dead long ago! Damn-
able luck running into that chap on the
train—used to be a Scotland Yard man.
Wonder what he is now? A baronet,
maybe.”

  “You don’t seem worried,” said Durant.

  The other shrugged.

  “Not a bit. I’ve got two passports—dif-
ferent names, different faces. Inside half
an hour every passport bureau in the coun-
try will be looking out for my face and
Larson’s name; I couldn’t get out of Eng-
land on that passport if I wanted to! But
on the other, and with you to help, it’ll
work. Anything will work with one of the
nobility in it.”

  “As court records prove!” And Durant
chuckled. “Right-ho! We’ll see.”

rFHE big Daimler purred along; Kensing-
ton Park fell behind; on to Hammer-
smith, on out past new built-up additions
until the white square tower of Rich-
mond church hove into sight past a long
bend of highway. Durant knew barely
enough of London to follow the road with
understanding, and Larson did not cease to
exclaim over the changes of fifteen years.

  “Look here!” Larson turned suddenly.
“You have a safe in your place, I suppose?”

  Durant assented, trusting to luck.

  “Well, I’d like you to take charge of my
wad while I’m here,” went on the other.
“I have a bit over sixty thousand, and—”

  “Jumping Jerusalem!” ejaculated Du-
rant, in stark amazement. “Sixty thousand
dollars?”

  “In hundred-dollar bills, mostly—for
spending on the Continent,” said Larson.

By H. Bedford-Jones

79

“I want to take care of my family there,
buy ’em land, spend all I want, and so
forth.”

 “Good Lord, man, you must have
cracked a bank! ”

  Larson .chuckled. “No, not exactly.
There’s been big money in liquor, you
know. I made that sixty thousand, and a
bit over, in three months, just to show!
Well, if you’ll stow the coin away, I’ll feel
better—I know these English servants, and
I’d hate to trust ’em. While I can keep it
under my eye, all right, but traveling here
aint safe.”

  Durant nodded. This request compli-
cated the situation a bit. Beyond keeping
Larson from being murdered, he had previ-
ously had little interest in the matter.
Finding the man’s actual status, he had
been cynically delighted at the game in
prospect, since Makoff was likely to catch
a Tartar. Now it seemed as though Larson
would succeed in robbing himself—if Du-
rant let the Russian know about the re-
quest.

  He decided instantly to do no such thing.
The outcome of the whole scheme was im-
material to him, though his sympathy was
rather with Larson. Besides—why could
not Larson be the man to put a bullet into
Makoff? Possibilities here, but he would
have to see Helen first. If Makoff were
dead, the blackmail might only be trans-
ferred.

  He threw over the whole problem as the
car turned sharply out of the highway, be-
tween a pub and a brick wall, heading up
the long hill of King’s Road, lined on either
side with its walled English houses and
gardens, dismal from the outside, comfort-
able and rich within, each one having that
sense of privacy and ownership which
means so little to the American, so much to
his English cousin. Abruptly the car halted
before a low house of gray brick, walled
about, and Giles held open the door.

  “Welcome home, Your Lordship!” he
said cheerfully.

  The two men left the car, entered the
gate, walked up to the house. The door was
opened by a maid, who curtsied; Durant
saw at a glance that she was French, and
nodded to her. Giles brought up their bags.

TTOW Makoff had managed this at so

  A short notice was a marvel to Durant.
The house seemed unpretentious but com-
fortable, and was excellently furnished;
the living-room windows gave glimpses of a
The Trail of Death

80

well-kept garden behind, with walks and
fountain.

  “You’ve a room ready for Mr. Larson?”
said Durant to the maid. “Good.”

  She led them upstairs to two adjoining
bedrooms; Giles put Larson’s grips in one,
those of Durant in the other. Then he dis-
appeared. The maid spoke to Durant:
“We’ve kept luncheon waiting, sir.”
“Right,” said Durant heartily. “We’ll
have a wash and be right down. Make
yourself at home here, Larson—no cere-
mony. Come down when you’re ready.”
“Thanks.”

  Larson’s door closed. Durant turned to
the maid, who had waited, and spoke in
French:

  “Will M. Makoff be here?”

  “Tomorrow, m’sieur,” she responded.
“But he will not be seen.”

  He nodded, and she departed. So she
was in the outfit too!

  In fifteen minutes Durant and his guest
were sitting in a long, low dining-room that
overlooked the garden, while the belated
luncheon was served. Larson was full of
admiration over the place, as well he might
be; his first awe had departed, and he
threw off restraint. Under his taciturn ex-
terior he revealed a shrewd personality, as
thoroughly American as that of Durant
himself. He had spent fifteen years in
America, ten years previous to that in
England, while his education at home in
Denmark had been excellent. To realize
that he sat opposite a murderer, criminal,
bootlegger, a charming old man who had
made an excellent unmoral living off so-
ciety, was continually astonishing to
Durant. And Larson had asked no ques-
tions about his host or the reason for an
incognito—if he was curious, he bottled it
up. So Durant conjured up a history for
himself, and it was accepted without a
word.

  “You know, I liked you at the start!”
said Larson, when they lighted cigars and
adjourned to the garden for a look around.
“You know Makoff well?”

  “Not well,” said Durant. “I met him
aboard the boat. Why?”

  “I don’t cotton to him,” said the other.
“He may be a nobleman and all that, and
the cousin of Baroness Glincka—that the
name?—but I know a crook when I see
one. I’d ought to, eh? Yes sir. That bird,
for all his society airs, is a bad one.”

  “I believe you,” said Durant with a
chuckle. Wary Makoff! The Russian had

THE BLUE

sensed this suspicion in Larson, and did not
intend to show himself as a guest. “Makoff
wont show up here, I’m glad to say. How
do you know I’m not a crook too?”

  Larson glanced at him and grinned.
“You’ve the makings of one, and a good
one—but I know a square-shooter when I
see him! Let’s go attend to that money,
shall we?”

  Durant nodded, and they went upstairs.
He brought one of his own bags into Lar-
son’s room—a bag specially made, with
Yale lock, though Durant had nothing in
it except clothes. Being fully aware, by
sharp experience, of the fallacious tourist
belief that English-made clothes were better
than American, he had loaded up at home
with a large outfit.

  Larson opened a suitcase and threw out
on the bed half a dozen packages wrapped
in oiled silk and sealed. He broke one open
to reveal crisp new hundred-dollar bills.

  “Six of ’em,” he said. “Open the others
up if you like. Why the suitcase?”

  “To hold them until I can get into the
safe,” said Durant. “Better so.”

  “Suit yourself.”

  “What sort of receipt do you want?”
“Receipt, hell!” ejaculated Larson.
“Don’t be a fool. I don’t need any receipt
from you.”

  Durant calmly opened all the packages,
found them to be as stated, and then
stowed them away in his grip, which he
replaced in his room, after locking. He
chuckled again to think what Makoff would
say to this simple acquisition—after so
much pains and expense had been bestowed
to get Larson in a murder-trap!

  “Decidedly,” he said cynically, “it pays
to be an honest man!”

If AD Larson been anything but what he
was, the composition of Lord North-
cote’s week-end party must have struck him
as very singular, to say the least.

  The only woman in the party was Bar-
oness Glincka, who arrived for luncheon
on Saturday. Count Dardent proved to
be a worn-out, waspish little man with
waxed mustaches and dyed hair, who spoke
fair English and fluent Danish; he was
French, and Durant made a shrewd guess
that he had left Paris very much for his
health’s sake, not to mention his liberty.
He noted that Helen Glincka very obvi-
ously disliked the little count.

  After their day together, Larson and
Durant had become almost intimate.
BOOK MAGAZINE

Durant, at least, found his liking for the
shrewd old rascal increased by acquaint-
ance. Nothing had appeared in the news-
papers in regard to the finding of a trussed-
up detective aboard the boat-train, but this
meant nothing, except that an extensive
secret search was being made for Gunnar
Hanson. No further word had come to

81

By H. Bedford-Jones

agent. Michael has full instructions; I’ll
give you yours now. Larson, I believe, has
fifteen or twenty thousand dollars in cur-
rency—”

“Sixty,” said Durant. Makoff whistled.
“Sixty thousand? Whew! Still better.”
He winked delightedly, rubbed his hands.
“This house was taken in his name, under-

He snapped the steel
bracelets around the
owner’s wrists and
gagged him with
handkerchiefs.

Durant via Giles or the maid. No other
guests arrived, and the four sat down to
dinner Saturday night with Durant very
much in the dark as to plans. Larson,
however, was clearly charmed by thus mix-
ing with Continental and English nobility,
and enjoyed himself hugely.

  Dinner was nearly over, when Giles
leaned above Durant’s chair.

  “There’s a gentleman asking for you,
sir. In the library.”

  Durant rose, excused himself without the
fact appearing strange, and passed into the
library. He found Makoff awaiting him.

“Ah!” exclaimed the Russian. “Glad to
find everything smooth. No trouble?”
“None, with your perfect arrangements.”
“I’ll have to turn over the job to you
and Michael after all,” said Makoff. “I’ve
been called to Paris in haste—making the
nine o’clock Southampton train tonight.”
“Who’s Michael?”

  “Giles,” and Makoff chuckled. “Good
man, eh? Dardent’s our regular London

stand? The cook and so forth engaged in
his name. Now—what’s the matter?”
“Nothing,” said Durant, repressing his
consternation at this news. “I was wonder-
ing what he’d say if he knew!”

  Makoff chuckled. “The cook will be dis-
charged tomorrow night. The maid goes
with Dardent—she’s his wife, by the way.
The Baronne leaves tomorrow night also,
via Southampton, for Paris. You and
Michael will be here Monday morning.
When Larson drinks his early tea, he’s done
for. Places are already booked for you and
Michael on the noon plane from Croydon
for Paris. It’ll be another day or two at
least before Larson’s body is discovered,
perhaps much longer. You and Michael
will bring the stuff. Your seat in the plane
is booked in your own name, Michael’s
in that of Giles Hopper—his passport
identity. All clear?”

  “Quite,” said Durant, “except the neces-
The Trail of Death

82

THE BLUE

sity for murder. Why not rob him and go?
Murder in England means that the law will
be at your heels for life.”

  “Certainly.” Makoff eyed him with a
grim smile. “But why talk of murder, my
dear man? An empty vial of chloral, pur-
chased in a New York drug-store; a dead
American, who has rented a house for
three months and occupied it for three
days; a letter stating that speculations in
exchange have wiped out his fortune—who
would call it murder? Guests, servants, all
dissipated as a dream!”

  “It is artistic, certainly.” Durant’s tone
was dry. “I only objected to so much
work. Why bother to kill him?”

  “Because Americans have loud voices.”
Makoff chuckled. “And certainly we do
not want the law after us! Surely you can
realize this?”

  Durant nodded and banished his frown.
“Right! Indeed, it is magnificent. This
Michael is an admirable fellow—I con-
gratulate you on having him. He handles
details wonderfully! ”

  “He should,” said Makoff. “He’s no
other than Michael Korin, who killed
Grand Duke Vassily last year in Tours and
turned over all his papers to me. Well, I’ve
no time to lose. Give my regards to the
charming Baronne—and this envelope. It’s
her passage to Paris.”

  Durant took the envelope, shook hands
with Makoff and returned to the dinner-
table.

 Inwardly he was in a ferment of
anxiety and excitement; had it been his
own neck in peril, he would have lost no
whit of his usual icy coolness—but here
was another matter. By this time, per-
haps, the fact would be known that Larson
had rented a house in Richmond—and
Scotland Yard would be down on him full
force. Had Boris Makoff only known it,
he could have robbed Larson with absolute
impunity!

  Durant looked at Giles, too, with new
eyes, appreciating now the frightful danger
from this man. He knew of Grand Duke
Vassily’s murder—all Europe knew of it!
The exiled Russian noble had been hide-
ously murdered and robbed—a crime so
horribly brutal, so well conceived and exe-
cuted, that it was supposed to have been
perpetrated by Soviet agents. Indeed, the
name of Korin had been mentioned as that
of the murderer, but the man had never
been found.

  Things were getting a bit thick, thought

Durant to himself. In other words, the
simple situation was becoming extremely
complex and correspondingly threatening.
The only relief in sight was that by Sun-
day night the group would be scattered,
leaving him and Larson alone here with
Giles—or Michael Korin. Yet would it be
safe for Larson to remain here another
twenty-four hours? There was the rub.

  The quartet adjourned to the garden for
coffee. While Dardent and Larson were
deep in floods of Danish, the Baronne was
temporarily left to Durant.

  “It’s confounded hard to get a word with
you!” he complained, handing her the en-
velope. “You’re booked for Southampton-
Havre tomorrow night.”

  Her eyes questioned him anxiously.
“And you?”

  “Paris on Monday. I’ll show up, never
fear! But Boris has caught a Tartar this
time and doesn’t know it, so I’m afraid
you wont see our honest Giles again.”
“Explain!”

  “Sha’n’t do it. I’m going by results. I
intend to show up in Paris and open the
fight on Boris—”

  “You wont find him!” she breathed.
“He disappears. No one knows—”

  “Tell that to the marines,” said Durant
confidently. “Now, you suggest a motor-
trip tomorrow—I want to get out of here
for the day. Anywhere!”

'T'HE others rejoined them, and the coffee
finished, they went into the house and
settled down to an evening of bridge.
Durant had no more chance that evening
for a word with her—he had more than a
suspicion, indeed, that Giles was keeping a
sharp eye on the Baronne. The motor trip
was settled upon for the next morning,
with general acclaim.

  It was late when the game broke up, and
Durant saw his supposed guests to their
rooms, then turned in, dismissing his prob-
lems. He did not waken until roused at
seven-thirty by Giles, who bore his “early
tea” after the approved English fashion.
Then he sat up in bed.

  “Shut the door—that’s right! Look
here, these Americans aren’t used to the
English custom of early tea, and I’m afraid
your scheme will slip up in the morning.
Suppose you fix us up some coffee tonight,
after we take Baroness Glincka to her train
—eh? That would make the matter more
certain.”

  “Good,” approved the other, his high
BOOK MAGAZINE

83

cheek-bones lending his aquiline face a dis-
tinctly Tartar look. “Yes, a good idea.
Thank you!”

  Twenty minutes later, after a light knock
at the adjoining door, Durant stepped into
Larson’s room. Larson was shaving, and
nodded cheerfully to him. Durant lighted
a cigarette, drew up a chair, and played
the idea that had come to him.

  “What do you think of that man of mine
—Giles?”

  Larson grimaced. “If you ask me, I
think he’s a crook!”

  “He is.” Durant laughed. “I overheard
an interesting conversation this morning.

It seems that tonight, after our party
breaks up, a nice little game is to be played
on you and me. Giles will fix us up some
coffee and sandwiches, and when we go to
bed, we’ll stay a long time—long enough
for the get-away.”

  Larson, holding his razor in air, turned
and stared at him.

  “Is that straight? Would they pull that
stuff on a lord?”

  “You ought to know—you’ve lived in
England.”

  “Hm! Good gosh, man—do they know
about my money?”

  “Probably suspect you have some, while
they know I have some,” said Durant.
“What’s more, I gather that our friend
Giles is wanted by the police in several
countries. Rather interesting to think what
might have happened, eh? I’ll turn him
over to the police—”

  “Don’t do that!” Larson faced him
earnestly. “Not until I’m safe, anyhow.
Don’t you know their ways here? All
hands would be gone over with a fine-tooth
comb, and that’d mean my finish!”

  “Oh!” said Durant. “But what to do,
then?”

  “Take him with us,” said Larson
promptly, and his blue eyes sparkled.
“We’ll take the Baroness to her train, see?
But we’ll have our own luggage aboard too.
Then you spring it on Giles that we’re go-
ing somewhere for the night—we can go to
a hotel—and tell him to meet us tomorrow
and go to Paris with us. That’ll knock him
off his feet, believe me! I thought that fel-
low had a bad look to his eye, all along.’’
“All right; we’ll drop him in Paris, then.
Meantime, about your money: Giles will
drive us today, and that’s why the place is
safe enough until tonight. We’ll go over by
air, and there’s no Customs examination
that way, better make the money into a

By H. Bedford-Jones

separate packet and take it with you, how-
ever, as the luggage is packed in a separate
compartment.”

  Larson nodded, and his wrinkled, shrewd
old face cracked in a grin. “Fine, My
Lord, fine! We’ll have some fun,, eh?”
Durant rather thought they would—be-
fore it was over.

AT ten that Sunday morning the big
Daimler, with the lunch packed and
aboard, was standing before the gate of the
King’s Road house, and Giles had just an-
nounced that all was ready, when Larson
flung open the door of Durant’s room with
an excited word.

  ‘‘ Durant! Come here—quick! ”

  Durant joined him. Standing well back
from a window, which overlooked the
street, Larson pointed. No words were
needed. Coming up the hill, and looking at
the house with evident interest, was the
man they had left trussed and gagged
aboard the boat-train.

  “Pinched!” said Larson.

  “Not yet.” Durant turned. “Shut your
door—get packed!”

  He darted to the stairs. “Giles! Here—
quick, man!”

  Michael Korin came up on the jump, and
Durant pulled him into his bedroom.

  “Look at that man across the street.
Know him?”

  One look, and the Russian drew back, a
gray pallor in his face.

  “Sacred name of a dog!” he exclaimed.
“Yes! That’s Sir John Brentwood him-
self—of Scotland Yard.”

  Durant gripped him by the arm, hard.
“All right. Brace up, now! He’s looking
the place over—we have time to get away.
Something’s slipped; perhaps they’re after
you, perhaps'after me. We’ll get our lug-
gage aboard the car, drop Baronne Glincka
downtown, drop Dardent and his wife, get
out to Croydon and make the noon plane.
Understand? I’ll telephone for bookings.
Warn Dardent, get rid of the cook in-
stantly, clear the place. Go!”

  The man slipped away, obviously badly
shaken by what he had seen. Durant
turned into Larson’s room.

  “Get ready! I’ve got your money in
my bag. We’re off in five minutes.”

  “I’ll need ten,” said Larson, calmly
enough. “I must get rid of this mustache,
clap on some hair-dye, fix my face.”

  “Take seven—move like hell!” snapped
Durant.
The Trail of Death

84

By H. Bedford-Jones

  Larson was already plunging for his
bag. Catching up his own grips without
bothering to pack his scattered belongings,
Durant hurried downstairs to the telephone.
In two minutes he had the Croydon aer-
drome on the line.

  “Mr. Durant speaking,” he said. “I have
bookings for myself and a friend on the
noon Paris bus tomorrow. We want to
change and go over today. A third may go
with us.”

  “Very sorry, sir, we’ve just booked the
last seat,” came the reply. “Hold on just a
moment, will you?”

  Durant held on, cursing softly to himself.
Giles appeared, breathing hard.

  “Off in five minutes,” he said. Durant
nodded. Then came the voice on the wire:
“Hello! I think we can take care of
you, sir. We’re sending over a D H special
to bring back a party of officials, and we
can put you and the mail-sacks aboard, if
you like. Would there be any trunks?”
“No, nothing but hand-luggage,” said
Durant in sharp relief.

  “Can do, sir. She’ll take off a bit ahead
of the regular bus, though—about eleven-
thirty. Can you get out here by eleven?”
“We’ve our own car,” said Durant.
“Yes, we can get out by eleven or shortly
after.”

  “Right-ho!”

  Durant hung up and glanced at the man
beside him.

  “Special plane going over to Paris. We
must get to Croydon at eleven. You, I,
Larson.”

  “Good,” said the Russian. “I’ll arrange
to have the Daimler picked up at the aer-
drome—it’s a rented car. Or Dardent can
attend to that detail.”

  “We’d better all go out at once, carry
our luggage, pile in and be off,” said
Durant. “The house is being watched—
you’ll have to make a dash for it and
throw ’em off.”

pvARDENT appeared, waspishly excited,
and the maid—in reality his wife—fol-
lowed. Helen Glincka was on the stairs,
and Durant took her bags and set them
with his own.

  “It’ll be touch and go,” he said, perceiv-
ing that the general feeling was that the
police were after them all. Naturally, he
alone knew the actual facts. “Depends on
getting off on the jump. Not a word of
anything wrong, now, before Larson!
Helen, we’ll drop you at the Savoy. Go on

to Paris tonight via Havre, as arranged;
you’re in no danger. Dardent, where’ll we
drop you?”

  “Brompton Road,” said the little French-
man. “Our apartment is there—Michael
knows.”

  “Good. Here’s Larson. All together,
now—out to the car, pile in anyhow!”

AND how Michael drove, out through
Victoria and on to Croydon! Durant
marveled at it; no American, accustomed
to wide highways and a gradual sweep
around other cars, could have tooled a car
at any speed along these narrow English
lanes, except with long practice. With a
head-on collision apparently imminent, each
car would give a jerky twist, out and back
—and they would be past. There was a pe-
culiar knack to it, and the Russian had
this knack at his fingers’ ends.

  “Why the general rush?” inquired Lar-
son, when the two of them were alone in the
car. “Everybody seemed in a devil of a
hurry to get gone! ”

  Durant had already prepared for this,
and broke into a laugh.

  “We had to get out quickly—so I told
’em the cook had developed smallpox.
Cleared out the maid and all, as you saw!
Our pleasant chauffeur goes over with us.
Here’s my bag—I’ll get out your money.
Wrap it in this newspaper.”

  They suited action to word, Durant hav-
ing put his own bags inside the car. With
a newspaper-wrapped bundle of sixty thou-
sand dollars in his lap, Larson relaxed and
lighted a cigarette. Now, for the first time,
Durant had a good view of him, and
whistled.

  “You certainly have changed yourself!
Hope you have your extra passport handy.”
“No danger. As to the change—that’s a
cinch.”

  It was also a complete success, to whicn
Larson now added a pair of black-rimmed
spectacles. With his mustache gone and
his hair changed from gray to a glossy
black, he looked twenty years younger;
eyebrows had become black too, and sub-
tle changes in the outline of his face, due
probably to wads of cotton against his
teeth, gave him an entirely new look, as
did the goggles—stamping him in London
as an American tourist.

  Now they had turned past the Croydon
Arms, and the big car thrummed along
wide open until the huge gray hangars
loomed ahead. They swung in between the
rows of low buildings and came to rest in
the parking-space beside the office. Two
planes were already warming up—a huge
silver giant, triple-engined, and a smaller
De Haviland, on the concrete take-off. An
orange-brown French machine was just cir-
cling to land.

  “Mr. Durant?” A crisp, energetic
youngster pulled open the car door. “Come
along and I’ll rush you through—plane’s
waiting now. We’ll have you off the ground
before the bus gets here for the regular
flight. Into the office, please.”

  “The car will be sent for,” said Durant,
and the other nodded.

  There was no time lost in weighing
in and checking the luggage, which was
sent on to the Customs shed and put
through perfunctorily, as it would be put
through at the other end. In three minutes
they were crossing to the passport control
office. The Russian went through first; and
as they waited, Larson jogged Durant’s el-
bow, indicating a man who sat beside the
passport officer.

  “Scotland Yard,” he said under his
breath. “Now watch him!”

  He followed the Russian, laid down his
passport, waited. Though it must have
been a tense moment for him, with his
neck in the balance, Larson appeared quite
cool. The Scotland Yard man glanced at
the passport, glanced up at him, then
leaned back and gazed out across the flying
field, without interest. Stamped and re-
turned, Larson picked up his passport and

85

went on. Durant followed, and was put
through without comment.

  The three men stepped through the little
door, and found their guide awaiting them.
But as they followed out to where the ma-
chines were idling, the Russian fell back
arid joined Durant, in savage bewilderment.

 “What’s it mean?” he snapped in
French. “That one?” And he jerked his
thumb toward Larson. Then Durant recol-
lected that he must have seen the other’s
altered appearance for the first time.

  “Getting ready for Paris, I suppose,” he
said with a laugh.

  “Ar-r-rgh!” growled Michael Korin.
“Think I’m a fool?”

  The man strode on, but in his powerful
features was stormy mingling of anger, sus-
picion, fear. Durant shrugged—what mat-
ter, now? He had already determined on
his course, rightly estimating the Russian
as one of Makoff’s chief aides, who must be
put out of the way now or later. It might
better be now. Only the fact of Larson’s
predicament, indeed, had prevented Durant
from putting the London police on the trail
of Michael Korin.

  When they reached the De Haviland, the
pilot was already in place, testing his en-
gine—a youngish man with twinkling blue
The Trail of Death

86

eyes and a stubby yellow mustache. Their
guide turned.

  “All’s loaded,” he shouted. “You’ll be
off at once.”

  This eight-passenger car was much
smaller than the big machines. All but three
of the seats were piled high with luggage
and freight, for the balance of the loads
was most carefully arranged. Durant was
given the empty seat forward, Larson the
one just behind, and Michael Korin in the
rear. Larson shoved his newspaper-wrapped
package in the rack, got rid of his muf-
flings, and gave the staring Russian a sar-
donic grin.

  That grin, Durant reflected afterward,
must have done the business—for Korin
was no fool.

  The roar of the engines rose to a cres-
cendo, and abruptly the De Haviland
moved—glided over the ground, bumped,
turned, swept madly across the field,
bumped again, took the air. A turn, and
with the slight bank Larson gripped his
chair-arms hard, then laughed as he met
the eyes of Durant.

  “New experience for me!” he shouted.
Michael Korin sat slumped in his chair,
frowning savagely, eyes ablaze with sullen
fires as he watched the other two men.
The altimeter crept around—one—two—
three thousand feet. The pilot unreeled his
wireless antennae.

  England lay below them.

  The De Haviland had the wind with
her and was doing her even hundred, so
that in less than an hour the yellow sand-
beaches of the French coast showed ahead.
The glass window of the cockpit showed
them the pilot’s head, and a notice beside it
advised that it be opened for communica-
tion if necessary.

  Durant took an old envelope from his
pocket, and pencil, and began to write.
His message was curt and to the point:

  Passenger Hopper is Michael Korin, who
  murdered Grand Duke Vassily last year.
  Wanted by all police. Radio Paris police at
  once to arrest him on arrival.

  This done, Durant rose and went for-
ward. He reached up and tried to open the
little embrasure, but to no effect. The pilot
turned, shrugged, and shook his head,
shouting something that was lost.

  Unable to pass the envelope through,
Durant held it up to the glass. The pilot
read it, and his eyes widened. Then he
nodded comprehension and turned around
again; craning up, Durant watched him

THE BLUE

lean forward, speaking into the microphone
set before him. Already the Channel was
far behind, the brown-green field-patches of
France flitting past underneath.....

  To Durant it seemed to happen all in a
flash, for he had been intent on what he
was doing, and the roaring of the motor
drowned out all lesser sounds. There was
a rush of movement, the envelope was torn
from his hand; losing balance, he staggered
for an instant.

  Recovering, he saw Michael Korin stand-
ing just behind him, glancing at the writing
with inflamed eyes—Durant clutched at it,
gained it before the Russian had read it—
or half of it, at least. In doing so, he lost
balance again, to the drop of the plane in
an air-pocket, and went sprawling across
the freight. As he went down, he saw the
figure of Larson, limply sprawled in his
seat, head sagging—dead or senseless.

  Korin read what was gripped in his hand.
It was the top part of the envelope, bearing
the first sentence only—but this was quite
enough. A scream rang through the cabin,
above the thrumming roar of the engine—a
scream of wild rage, inarticulate, bestial.

  “Traitor!” shouted out the Russian, as
Durant got to his feet. “Vile dog of a
traitor! What sort of trap have you laid?
You want to have me pinched and get away
with the money yourself? Or—”

  Words, evasion, all useless here! The
man was swept by a passion of insane rage;
nostrils dilated, lips drawn back in a snarl,
eyes aflame, he was out of himself. For an
instant Durant, who was unarmed, shrank
before the memory of how Grand Duke
Vassily had died, his throat torn out by
teeth as by the teeth of a wild beast. And
here was the wild beast!

  Then, braced, Durant leaped and drove
in a terrific blow to the stomach. The
blow failed. Korin swerved, snapped
hand to pocket, jerked out an automatic
pistol. Durant’s fist smashed on his wrist,
and the pistol fell. Then the two men were
reeling, grappling, striking, locked in a
mad embrace, hurling themselves about the
narrow cabin ih frenzied desperation of
fight, while the earth rolled three thousand
feet below.

r\URANT speedily knew that, save for
L' luck, he was mastered. No man could
cope with the insane fury of this wild beast
—for such Korin had become. Though
Durant’s fist hammered him relentlessly,
sending crushing blows to face and stom-
BOOK MAGAZINE

87

ach, though he himself knew nothing of
fighting, Korin seemed made of living steel.
Twice Durant got in smashes to the angle
of the jaw, with absolutely no effect. Korin
flung him about as though he were a child,
swept him off his feet with the sheer force
of a wild, flailing swing, picked him up
and hurled him against the cockpit wall.

  Then, leaping on him, Korin got him
about the throat in a fearful throttling
grapple, and reached for a grip with his
teeth. Frantic, Durant broke the hold
with the familiar jiu-jitsu break of arms
inside arms, brought up his knee in a
deadly blow; for an instant thought the
fight won. Korin staggered, and Durant
deliberately smashed him under the chin and
knocked him against one window, smashing
the glass; then, even before Durant could
follow it up, Korin was back on the re-
bound in another grapple, with a wild
and shrill scream.

  Durant glimpsed the face of the pilot
staring back through the small glass inset,
but the pilot was probably unarmed and
helpless to intervene. Helpless, too, to keep
the De Haviland on an even keel, for with
the wild rushes and swift movements of
the two men, she was lurching badly. The
newspaper bundle was swept from the rack,
and packages of bank-notes lay around.

  Curtains were tom down, windows
smashed; the body of Larson sprawled on
the floor and tripped them as they fought.
Then, once more, Korin hurled himself in
and grappled, bearing Durant backward off
balance. The plane lurched wildly. Both
men went headlong, locked together— And
Durant, underneath, was pitched head-first
into the wall. This ended the fight for him.

  When he woke up, realizing that he was
not dead, Durant found that he lay half
doubled into a seat, wrists and ankles
lashed with curtain cords. If he had
achieved nothing else, his blows had cer-
tainly knocked sanity into the Russian, who
was terrifically battered. Some little time
must have passed, for as Durant looked,
he saw Korin smashing the little glass win-
dow of the cockpit, striking at it with his
pistol.

  “Land!” His voice rose shrill above the
engine-roar, as he shoved his weapon into
the face of the pilot. “Land at once!”

  The air-man shouted a response which
Durant could not catch. Korin was alto-
gether too sane not to know that his life
depended on that of the pilot—he dared not
shoot the little Englishman who defied him.

By H. Bedford-Jones

He cursed, raved, threatened; then, with a
wild laugh, he thrust out the pistol and
fired, twice.

  As the plane lurched, Durant caught his
breath, thinking Korin had shot the pilot.
But the crafty Russian had done better—•
he had smashed the propeller.

  The wild roar of the engine was suc-
ceeded by a swift and terrible silence,
through which drove the voice of Michael
Korin in a wild blast. There was something
splendid and magnificent about the man in
this instant, as he stood watching the pilot
and laughed in exultation, awaiting the re-
sult of his mad challenge to destiny.

  “Now land, you swine-dog! Land, and
if you try any tricks, you’ll get a bullet!”

  “Blast you!” came the pilot’s voice, but
that was all. The air-man was busy.

l/'ORIN was beyond thought of anything

*	now except the money scattered about
his feet, and what would happen somewhere
in France, three thousand feet below.
He stooped, caught up the packets of
notes, stuffed his pockets with them, then
straightened again.

  Durant realized now that, given any half-
decent landing-place, they stood in little
actual danger. It all depended on the
landing place—but this was a big gamble.
Sharply banked, the De Haviland plunged
earthward, gathering speed for the final
straightening out; stmts and braces
quivered, thrummed madly; wind whistled
and shrieked through the smashed side win-
dows. His eyes going to the altimeter on
the cockpit wall, Durant saw the needle
shake and turn, twenty-five hundred—two
thousand—fifteen hundred—a thousand
feet! The whole ship was roaring, shiver-
ing, shrieking to the wild plunge earth-
ward.

  Something stirred in Durant’s brain—
wonder at it. Why would Korin do such an
insane thing? He must know that he could
not escape, that mere landing would not
save him, that at each moment the pilot
must have been reporting into the micro-
phone what was going on, that on the
earth below must be a scurry of cars and
motorcycles, police converging on wherever
the landing-place would be! Yet there the
Russian stood, furiously exultant, carried
out of himself by the sheer sweeping excite-
ment of the moment, pouring forth a stream
of laughing oaths as he held himself braced
and looked out upon the rising earth!

  Then the explanation swept upon Durant
The Trail of Death

88

in all its simple truth. Korin, as a matter
of fact, knew nothing about the micro-
phone! Very few people did know that
these planes were so equipped, all of them.

  The needle was nearly down, now. Korin
was waiting, expectant, hawklike. The ship
came to an even keel, floated—the pilot was
cursing frantically as he worked. Then
silence again, a shout from Korin, a heavy
bump—and a crash. No—safe! The ship
was bumping, rolling over ground, slowing
down.

  After this, the end was sharp, swift,
dramatic enough even to Durant, who
could see nothing of what passed outside
the ship. Korin seized a suitcase and beat
out the glass of the broken window beside
him—needlessly, for he might have drawn
the sash—and then crawled out. The voice
of the pilot sounded:

  “Here, I say! You can’t do it, you
know—”

  Korin laughed, and the sound of a shot
brought silence.

  A little after, Durant was aware of
Larson bending over him, fumbling at his
wrists, shaking, .excited, yet also laughing.

  “Men coming,” said Larson. “Two air-
planes landing, too—looks like a landing-
ground. For the love of heaven, Durant,
keep your mouth shut about the money!”
“But he got away with it!” exclaimed
Durant. Freed, he sat up, saw the high
radio towers and the huts below. “This is
Abbeville, just outside town—they can get
him. I had the pilot radio his name and—”
“Lay off!” cried Larson frantically. “I
got to get to Paris and drop out of sight
quick—beat it! Understand? Our pilot
aint dead—he only got a bullet through his
leg. Let ’em all think the fellow was just
trying to make his get-away—”

  “And let the money go?” demanded
Durant, incredulous.

  “Sure, let it go!” said Larson, with a
wink. “I got more of it. Let it go!”

  Durant shrugged.

NT EXT morning, in his little hotel in the
A ' Rue Vignon, behind the Madeleine,
Durant caught at the Echo de Paris
brought with his coffee and rolls. On the
front page was the story he sought:

    Michael Korin, the assassin of Grand Duke
  Vassily, was killed yesterday near Abbeville
  by gardes champetres, in a running battle.

    It was no ordinary, sordid slaying; it was
  drama! This great criminal was crossing
  audaciously from London to Paris by avion.

By H. Bedford-Jones

  Recognized by one of the passengers, he
  brought the avion to earth by# shooting away
  the propeller. The pilot, who was wounded,
  sent the alarm by radio. Unhappily for him-
  self, Korin touched earth at the Abbeville
  aerdrome.

  Durant, thrilled, laid down his paper.
Korin was dead, then! And since the
names of all air passengers were carefully
registered, and the names of all hotel ar-
rivals in Paris were at once deposited with
the police, he would soon be traced here
and interviewed.

  What of Larson, then? Durant chuckled
-—for Larson was gone. He had slipped out
of the Airways bus as it passed the Gare
du Nord, after one hasty grip of farewell,
and Durant had last seen him darting into
the big station. Larson was gone, some-
where, like a rat hunting its hole. Why?
He was safe enough here, surely. And he
had still some money left. But what about
the money Korin had taken? Surely Lar-
son would claim it.

  His eye fell on the paper again, and fol-
lowed down to the final paragraph of the
story. He read it, with stupefied astonish-
ment. The whole thing swept upon him
then, with stunning force. Here he had the
explanation of Larson’s puzzling conduct—
and the most astounding joke on Boris
Makoff! For Makoff, at this very moment,
must be reading this news-story too; he
would not understand Larson’s share in it,
perhaps, but he would quite understand for
what he had expended money and brains
prodigally, not to mention for what Michael
Korin had thrown away his life.

  “Bootlegging, indeed!” exclaimed Du-
rant, mirth struggling against wonder and
admiration. “The clever scoundrel! I bet
a dollar he was never fooled a minute about
Lord Northcote—I bet he was on to
the whole game, and was playing us all for
suckers.' And this is why he wouldn’t claim
the money, and why he’s probably outside
France by this time, passing off his hun-
dred-dollar bills on Belgians or Danes.”

  For this final paragraph was curtly
pointed:

    In the pockets of the dead assassin were
  found quantities of American bank-notes,
  amounting to a very large sum. The fact
  that they were in Korin’s possession drew
  suspicion, and upon examination they have
  been pronounced forgeries. Undoubtedly
  Korin had intended passing them off upon oui
  good merchants of Paris.

  Durant thought of what Boris Makoff
must be saying—and laughed again.
At Hell-gate Butte

          The gifted author of “Captain Jack,” "The
          Cloud King” and "The Field of Amber Gold”
          here offers another fine tale of wild life.

         Bigelow Neal

WINTER in the Bad Lands. The
black and gray and crimson of
lignite, clay and scoria lay hidden
and cold under a blanket of white. Over-
head, a star-shot dome of blue, cold as
the white mantle below. Northward,
Stretching from horizon to horizon, a gold
and purple banner trembled in the sky.
Slender lancelike beams of light darted
toward the zenith. Like tongues of flame
they flickered across the sky, to pause, to
tremble, and to fade again. Under the
wavering brilliance of the northern lights,
grotesque shadows leaped and played
among the turreted peaks.

  And then, another shadow: a great shaggy
thing of gray, moving steadily along the
canon floor—sometimes in a long, bound-
ing lope, sometimes at a slow, stealthy
trot; but always the other wild things
shrank from its path, trembling. For this
was the king of all the wolves—not the
well-known “lobo,” but that uncatalogued
monster of the prairies known to the old-
time cattlemen as the buffalo wolf, the gray
death of the Bad Lands.

     A weasel tearing dry, fibrous shreds from
  the bones of a long-dead deer heard the
  almost soundless footfalls of padded feet.
  Breaking off in the middle of his meal, he
  looked and saw—and was gone. A black-
  tailed buck, trotting serenely about the
  night’s business, met the gray one face to
  face. With a snort of fear he bounded high
  onto the slopes of a clay butte and disap-
  peared over its crest in a haze of flying
  snow. From the depths of a washout came
  a coyote, a male and hitherto the lord of
  the Bad Lands. Like the others he paused
  in wonder, looked with fear, and then
  plunged away into the night.

     At the foot of Hell-gate Butte the gray
  shadow paused. Subterranean noises issued
  from that strange eminence, and weird
  lights flickered. Odors too, pungent and
  breath-taking, drifted on the night air. But
  the gray one was a female and heavy with
  young, and though a stranger in the strang-
  est land of all, time pressed. Skirting a
  sinkhole of bubbling mud, she followed the
  steep course of a washout toward the sum-
  mit. At last she came to a yawning cave,
  89
At Hell-gate Butte

and entered—and once more the night was
given over to the northern lights and the
long-drawn howl of a coyote from some-
where among the hills.

(~\F all the strange formations of that
geological nightmare known as the Bad
Lands, this Hell-gate Butte is one of the
most fantastic. Many years ago, presum-
ably, a tiny spring bubbled from a vein of
lignite coal at the foot of the butte. Slight
as it was, the flow of water was sufficient
to moisten a small area on the canon floor.
Grass sprang up and became a patch of
vivid green against the dead blue-white of
alkali and clay. One day a tiny piece of
fluffy cotton floated up from the bottom
lands along the Missouri River. Drift-
ing here and there on the freakish air
currents, it settled, at last, on the moist
earth by the spring. Within the fluff of
cotton lay a seed. The seed germinated
and became a tree. The tree grew steadily
through the long, slow years, and in the
end, a giant cottonwood flung widespread
branches across the face of the butte.
Then, something happened. The spring
ceased to flow and the great tree died;
worms tunneled under the bark until it
fell or hung in shreds; woodpeckers drilled
holes in the bleaching skeleton, and it be-
came a haven of refuge for hornets and
weasels, a roosting-place for the crow and
eagle.

   One summer, following a long dry spell,
a storm came but of the West. It was a
rainless storm—“a dry storm,” as they say
on the prairie. But what it lacked in mois-
ture, it made up for in wind and light-
ning. Came a blinding flash of light, and
the echoes of a thousand cannon reverber-
ated among the Bad Lands. The great
cottonwood lay in a smoldering heap of
splintered wood across the vein of lignite.

   The fire which the burning cottonwood
kindled never went out. Slowly but surely,
like a malignant growth, it spread to the
lignite, and thence onward into the heart of
the hill. As the coal burned out, the
ground above became pockmarked with
caves and pits. In some the air was dry
and clean and cool; in others, it was mixed
with steam and gas from the burning vein.

   Year after year, the butte smoldered.
Columns of smoke and gas streamed up
along its weathered slopes and united to
form an ever-shifting halo above its sum-
mit. At night the ghostly light of sub-
terranean fires played among the hills.

THE BLUE

90

  The name “Hell-gate Butte” was a
translation from the language of the red
man. One night, so the story runs, an
Indian was passing alone through the Bad
Lands. He w’as fearful, for the sound of
the winds drawing through those halls of
antiquity spoke eloquently of the moaning
souls in the white man’s place of eternal
punishment. Rounding a bend of the
canon, he found himself facing the foot of
the great butte, and suddenly he stopped
frozen in his tracks, for there before his
eyes were the portals of hell itself. To his
nostrils,came the pungent fumes of sulphur;
he saw the sullen glow of fires; and among
them weird fantastic shadows danced and
writhed. From somewhere in the bowels of
the earth came a low hiss, a deep, rumbling
growl and a moan of awful agony. He
turned, and plunged into the night. As the
cowboys say, “He ran like the milltails ef
hell.”

lV/TONTHS passed after the coming of
the buffalo wolf to Hell-gate Butte,
and the grip of winter was broken.
Chinook and sun cut through snow and
ice, and covered the buttes with a lace-
work of tiny streams hurrying down to
the Missouri. Even the drifts on the north-
ern slopes, holding out until the last, like
delicately penciled eyebrows among the
peaks, gave way to the warmth of spring;
and with their disappearance came days
when the lower, grass-clad shoulders and
ridges were gorgeous with the lilac and
blue of the pasque flower. And now the
wild plum thickets, the thorn-apple and
the choke-cherry bloomed as though at a
preconcerted signal, and the air hung heavy
with the perfume of their artificial snow-
banks. Infrequent areas of sod became rip-
pling banks of green, framed in the blue
and white of clay and alkali.

  One night the moon swung clear of the
eastern horizon and the Bad Lands became
a playground of light and shadow. Warm
air drawing up from the lowlands along
the Missouri brought shimmering protests
from the boughs of cottonwood and ash.
The atmosphere was charged with the spirit
of adventure, with the promise of new life,
with the hope that rides on the bosom of
Spring.

   Out on the moonlit alkali the weasel was
again at work on the bones of the deer.
As he tugged at the shriveled hide, he con-
stantly shifted his position, that his beady
little eyes might keep unbroken surveillance
BOOK MAGAZINE

91

By Bigelow Neal

over the other people of the night. A jack-
rabbit, hopping along the canon floor,
stopped at intervals to thrust his nose and
tongue into the alkali in search of salt.
Seeing the weasel, he jumped to the top of
a petrified stump, where he sat up straight
and watchful, his ears pointed to the sky.
Next came an animal in black and white,
a small fellow carrying a plumed tail over
his back. The weasel gave vent to a harsh,
squeaking cry and fell back before the ad-
vance of his deadly relative; but the skunk,
on business bent, ignored the little brown
fighter and passed in somber dignity to the
beginnings of a hole at the base of a
butte. The skunk feared none, for he
carried the weapon of his kind before which
even the mountain lion recoiled in horror.

  Then along the floor of the canon and
from the direction of Hell-gate Butte, came
the hero of this story, although at that
time there was little about him to imply
the part he was to play. In general he
was fashioned like a puppy, more slender,
perhaps, and differing too in the small
pointed ears as well as in the tail, which
instead of curling above his back after the
manner of puppies’ tails, hung straight down
until its point scarcely cleared the ground.
Under the moon, his color-scheme appeared
a dingy brown, but in daylight he would
prove to be fawn-colored, excepting the
nose which was darker and shaded to black
around the nostrils.

  Evidently the puppy had inherited an
exaggerated sense of caution without hav-
ing had actual experience enough to be
afraid. The shadow of a sage-bush caused
the hair on his back and neck to bristle
and stand erect, while his lips drew back
to disclose glistening white rows of needle-
like teeth. A moment later he was mak-
ing friendly advances to the sinister gray
form of a badger, crossing the canon be-
fore him. Again it was obviously his first
adventure away from the protection of his
mother, for at times, when shadows
threatened the unknown, he paused and
turned in the direction of Hell-gate Butte
while a whine of doubt and perplexity
formed in his tiny throat.

  By the carcass of the deer he came to
a halt, for the little brown animal with the
black-tipped tail and beady eyes was of a
kind he had never seen before, and he
detected a musky odor, something he was
later to learn as inseparable from the pres-
ence of the skunk, mink and “weasel. The
scent stung the puppy’s nose, and he

wrinkled his nostrils in disgust. Then he
sat down, head cocked to one side, eyes
fixed in mild curiosity on the activities of
the weasel.

COME minutes passed, and save for the

   rasping of the weasel’s teeth on bone
and sinew, and the soft scratching of the
skunk at the base of the butte, no sound
broke the stillness of the night. The jack-
rabbit dropped his forepaws to the ground
and crouched, his black-tipped ears flat-
tened against his neck. The puppy, lulled
to drowsiness by the moonlight and warm
air, dropped to his belly and lay with nose
extended along his forepaws, watching the
weasel. One eyelid closed; he opened it
again. The other one drooped; he opened
that one too—but then both closed, and he
was asleep.

   From somewhere came a note of danger.
A pebble, dislodged from above, rolled
down to the valley floor. The rabbit
sprang away to the hills, and the weasel
was but a streak of brown as he darted
for the protection of buckbrush and sage.
There remained in sight only the skunk,
still working undisturbed on his abode at
the foot of the butte, and the puppy, lying
asleep in the moonlight.

   Down the face of the butte, crouching
low and moving silently a few inches at a
time, crept a deadly thing the color of
molten silver. At the foot of the butte
but a few feet from the puppy, it paused
and made ready to spring. A convulsive
tremor ran along its body. Under the
silvery skin, powerful muscles rippled as
they glided into position.

  The puppy was dreaming—dreaming of
the time when his mother had first taken
him out to hunt for mice in the valley by
the big butte. He was in pursuit of a
mouse, and his legs began to jerk spas-
modically. He was gaining, and the tail
of the mouse was almost within reach of
his nose. Another second, and he would
have his supper. With a mighty effort
he stretched his neck to grasp his prey—
but the mouse went down a hole. He
jammed his nose in after it. He couldn’t
stop, and his nose wouldn’t come out. With
a gasp at the memory of pain, he awoke
and sprang to his feet—to find himself
staring into a face of horror.

   He saw high pointed and tasseled ears,
a hideously bearded under jaw, a cruel
mouth with rows of saberlike teeth. He
tried to run, but was rooted to the ground
At Hell-gate Butte

92

by the awful fascination of the flickering
glare in the big yellow eyes. For the
first time he had met a lynx, and for
the first time he knew the terror of death.

  Disconcerted by the puppy’s sudden
emergence from sleep, the big cat had
hesitated, but now he crouched again. In
a moment all would be over. One blow
from the lancelike claws and the puppy
would lie senseless and bleeding at his feet.
But a new actor appeared" on the scene, a
shaggy, bounding gray shape that advanced
swiftly toward the lynx. It was the terror
of the night, the beast before which the
other wild folk fled in awe.

  The big cat stood not on the order of
his going. Before a mountain lion he might
have shown fight, but before this great
beast he turned and fled toward his den
in the sandstone ledges above. Behind he
heard a sound, half-growl, half-snarl, that
rose and broke on the night air in a long
moan.

  Instead of retreating before this new-
comer, the puppy advanced with whimper-
ings and whinings of welcome, and standing
on his hind feet, he tried to lick her
nose. To the other animals of the Bad
Lands, she might be the incarnation of
death itself, but to him she was the source
of food and life, of safety and warmth.

  For a while the two stood there in the
moonlight. The mother found a sandburr
tangled in the hair on the youngster’s neck.
She pulled it out and began licking his
face and ears.

  In return he made playful passes at her
legs and tail. After a time they fell to
a semblance of fighting, and the noise they
made spoke eloquently of anger and blood.
Puppy growls and deeper growls that awoke
the echoes in the hills, snarls that were but
ludicrous parodies, and snarls that carried
fear to the hearts of other wild creatures
a mile away. They rolled over and over,
sometimes the mother on top and sometimes
the son; when his turn came, he buried his
tiny teeth in her throat and growled and
shook until he shook himself bottomside
up. That was play, all the play they
knew.

AT last the mother set off in the direction
of Hell-gate Butte, and the puppy fol-
lowed, but slowly, for the night was still
young, and he hated to go back to the gap-
ing hole in the clay. He had tasted free-
dom and was minded to prolong the enjoy-
ment. That was how it happened that he

THE BLUE

fell behind, and was still near the foot of
the butte when his mother disappeared in
the hole above. Finding himself alone
again, he sat down to look and listen, but
his musings were cut short by a deep
rumble within the butte. He felt the earth
quiver, and the rumble became a roar.
Rocks broke loose from the ledges above
and thundered down the slopes. The sur-
face of the butte began to slide, then
stopped and settled back into immobility.
Gas broke from a vent with a loud hiss,
and a blinding, choking cloud of dust en-
veloped him. With a wild shriek of ter-
ror, he turned and ran, even as the Indian
had run, long years before.

  Miles away, on the crest of another
peak, the puppy stopped* from exhaustion.
Back of him the air was still filled with
dust, and he could see the dull glow of
newly exposed fires reflected on the clouds.
There came to him a feeling of utter lone-
liness. Somehow he sensed that he had
seen his mother for the last time; that the
heart of the fiery butte held all that he
loved, and thenceforth he must face his
life alone. The mournful notes of a turtle-
dove came from a tree below him, and it
too was unutterably sad. Far away he
heard the staccato cackling of coyotes, and
the anguished notes of their chorus. In
fear of the night and the shadows and the
eerie noises about him, he crouched trem-
bling against the earth.

  All through the hours of darkness and
the day that followed, and again through
another night, the puppy made no move.
Under a projecting ledge of sandstone,
partly hidden by sage and buckbrush, the
little fellow huddled in a newfound terror.
The world, as he knew it, had become a
place of horrors. During the day he
feared the sunlight, and at night the un-
known shadows. Every sound increased
his fears a thousandfold. Then as the long
hours passed, he realized a new misery, a
strange gnawing pain—something he did
not understand, for he had never been
hungry. The heat, too, increased his dis-
comfort, and a burning thirst filled his
throat. His tongue swelled until it was
too large for his mouth, and when the hot
sun of the second day touched the already
sweltering sandstone above him, he grew
desperate. Hunger and thirst drowned
even the fear of death. He got to his feet
and staggered forth into the light of day.

  Slowly, very cautiously, he picked his
way down the face of the hill. Mostly
BOOK MAGAZINE

93

By Bigelow Neal

he kept to the washouts, and left them
only for the protection of buckbrush or,
sometimes, for the tall, rank grass which
grew in the low places. In this way he
came at last to a spot where dark-colored
water, seeping from the clay, gathered like
miniature cups of coffee in the tracks of
deer and cattle. It was warm and brack-
ish, but never again would he taste of any-
thing so good. A little later, under a
clump of joint-grass, he found a shallow
pool scarcely longer than his body. Here,
trying for another drink, his feet slipped
and he fell into the water. The touch of
the muddy liquid was cool and soothing.
He tried going a little deeper, and finally
lay down with the water halfway up his
sides.

  With the quenching of thirst, and under
the cooling influence of the water, the
swelling left his tongue, but his hunger in-
creased. In time he grew restless and
started out again in search of food. In
following a rabbit-trail through the under-
brush, he crossed the air-lines of a scent
which spoke eloquently of something to
eat. He trailed it up, inch by inch, and
discovered a great bird on a nest. Driven
beyond the realms of caution by hunger,
he rushed in and sank his teeth into the
feathery breast. Then things began to
happen—there was a fleeting vision of a
yawning mouth—a cruel curved beak—
and a wing that shot out above him like
a burnished cloud. A sudden stabbing pain
in the back of his neck, another in the
loose skin of his flank, and he felt himself
lifted clear of the ground and heard the
whistle of wind through vibrating feathers.
He saw the earth falling away below.
Soon on a level with the highest peaks, he
saw them also dropping away until they
became scoria-pointed needles protruding
from the floor of the abyss.

  The pain in the puppy’s neck was un-
endurable, and he twisted his head, to snap
again and again at the great golden-brown
body above. At last he felt something
tangible between his jaws. There came the
snap of breaking bone. The muscles of
the bird’s talons relaxed, leaving the puppy
swinging from one leg, like the pendulum
of a clock. Again and again, as he stabbed
at the form above, his tiny teeth were lost
in the mass of feathers on the breast. But
at last he found a soft place behind the
ribs, and he struck again. The eagle
screamed. Then they were going down,
sailing in great spirals; the noise of whis-

tling feathers increased to a roar; and the
peaks below were reaching up to meet them
like a flock of red-tipped arrows. Once
more the puppy struck with all his
strength, and the steady roar of the wind
changed to a flapping, fluttering sound,
while a dancing stream of feathers sucked
after them from above. Peak after peak
shot by, and up. There came a crash; the
splintering of branches, then silence and
darkness.

VY/HEN the puppy opened his eyes, it
was already twilight, and he lay for
a while blinking as though newly aroused
from a deep sleep. A slight movement
brought a twinge of pain in his flank, and
he turned to lick the wound. The taste
of blood, even his own, drove him frantic
with hunger, and it was then he saw the
form of the dead eagle dangling from a
low branch over his head. He pulled it
down and ate—ate until his sides stood out
like the ends of a peanut. At last, when
he could eat no more and the bird was
still too heavy to carry away, he set about
digging a hole to bury what remained.
With the excavation only half deep enough
for its purpose, he rolled in the big bird and
scratched the dirt around it. The result
was obviously a failure, and he spent an-
other long period carrying sticks and leaves
to cover the protruding feathers.

   That night he slept, curled up in a brown
ball by the side of the dead eagle. In the
morning, too thirsty to think of food, he
went back to the waterhole. Returning
later for his breakfast, he found the bird
gone. Nothing remained but a new scent
which puzzled him, for it was not alto-
gether different from that of his mother.
He followed it a little way through the
underbrush, but being yet too full to hold
an interest in any one thing for long, he
curled up and went to sleep again.

T7OR a month or more the puppy lived
the life of a wanderer. He found the
nest of the eagle he had killed, and ate the
eggs. That taught him to hunt for hawk-
nests; they were plentiful and often acces-
sible to him in this treeless region. He
had learned caution, however, and never
molested the bird, but waited, biding his
time, until the hawk had climbed into the
air for its daily exercise. In June he began
to find young cottontails and jackrabbits.

   Although of food and drink there was
then no lack, still something was wrong.
At Hell-gate Butte

Nowhere could he find a friend. Enemies
everywhere, but no one to whom he could
show affection. Lonely and desolate, he
climbed one of the peaks and held a long,
moaning communion with stars and moon.

  That summer the Bad Lands sweltered
under a coppery sun. Waterholes shrank
until their bottoms were but barren areas
of sunburned mud; buffalo grass, which
had begun so bravely in the spring, turned
brown and brittle, and scattered like chaff
under the footfalls of animals. During the
days of intense heat the puppy lay quiet
in the depths of plum or choke-cherry
thickets. If it was too hot to go abroad in
the daytime, he must perforce find his food
at night, and so under the force of neces-
sity he reverted to the habits of his kind
and became a creature of the shadows.

  One night he followed the tortuous
course of a canon, one of the kind begin-
ning nowhere and ending in oblivion, and
came to an open space between the hills,
to a garden of geologic monuments. Giant
mushrooms of rock-capped clay stood
shoulder to shoulder, a veritable graveyard
of antiquity. A breeze sucking through
the canon drew varying notes of protest
from the grotesque forms of weathered
clay, and the ensemble produced a wide
range of tones, changing from moans and
groans to prolonged, high-pitched shrieks,
as the force of the winds dictated.

-THE eerie shapes and sounds strung the
puppy’s nerves to a high state of watch-
fulness, and when he heard the metallic
scratching of sharp claws on a balancing
rock above his head, he was ready and
sprang quickly to one side. A long, yellow-
ish, cat-like shape sailed through the air
and struck on the ground behind him. It
was his first meeting with a mountain lion.
Here was a time when discretion became,
by far, the better part of valor. With all
the speed in his slender legs he leaped for-
ward into the darkness. Had he known
that a mountain lion depends almost wholly
upon surprise and seldom pursues its prey,
the occasion would have called for less
effort, but of this he was ignorant, and his
imagination told him of pursuing footfalls
and a villainous mouth opened wide and
pressing hard on the end of his tail.

  In this moment of extreme fear the
puppy reverted to instinct, and all un-
knowingly turned in the direction of the
spot which had once been his haven of
refuge. When he stopped at last, and

THE BLUE

dropped on his belly, to lie panting from
exhaustion after his long run, he was high
on the brow of Hell-gate Butte. He had
returned to the home of his mother.

W7ITH the approach of daylight the
puppy shifted his position, and in
doing so ran across something which
seemed to merit investigation: an aban-
doned badger-hole under a ledge at the
highest point of the butte. For a time he
stood and studied the entrance. A spider
web woven across its mouth gave it an air
of desertion, and the puppy decided to ex-
plore. Cautiously, stopping at intervals to
sniff and to listen, he worked his way down
to a point where the tunnel opened to a
fair-sized chamber. Certainly the gods
were kind. He had found a home where
he could lie secure and cool during the hot
days of summer.

  But it seemed there must always be a
fly in the ointment, for ahead in the dark-
ness he heard a sound, soft and low like
the rustling of velvet, and ending in a
sharp, explosive hiss. Without stopping to
change the relative position of head and
tail, the puppy retired with a fair show of
speed and took up his original stand out-
side the entrance.

  Sometime later the puppy had fallen
asleep. A flood of warm sunshine played
down into the tunnel. There was no sound
but the fitful buzzing of a hornet en-
tangled in the tattered spider web. And
then up the slope came the occupant of
the badger-hole, a big snake over seven
feet long, with a body larger than a strong
man’s arm. He moved with a slow effort-
less motion and stretched himself beside
the sleeping puppy prepared to enjoy his
share of the sunshine. His tail took up a
dreamy, side-to-side movement that ended
by tickling the puppy’s nose.

  Opening his eyes, the puppy rubbed a
paw over his nose and immediately drove
his teeth through the offending tail. In
the smallest fraction of a second the scene
of peace and harmony became a battle-
field. The tail jerked away and became a
part of hissing yellow coils surmounted by
a waving, darting head and beady eyes
that glittered cold and deadly in the sun-
light. But when the dust had settled, the
soul of the bull-snake had gone to the
place from which a snake never should
have come in the first place, and the puppy
remained in possession of the field and a
new home.
BOOK MAGAZINE

95

By Bigelow Neal

1WTONTHS passed, and the puppy of the
buffalo wolf had nearly reached matur-
ity. The fawn color had long since disap-
peared, and in its place had come a gray,
although his tail was darker and there were
yellow and bronze hairs along his sides and
back.

  One night when he was a little more than
a year old, he had joined a circle of coyotes
on a snowdrift. It was the mating season,
and a new sense of loneliness had grown
in his breast. He came in peace, seeking
naught but friendship, but the coyotes were
not of his people and did not understand.
One, a male and the largest in the circle,
snarled a warning, but the warning went
unheeded. The youngster was not think-
ing of war, so he sat down and let his
tongue hang out, a sure sign of peaceful
intent among dogs, either wild or tame.
The coyote thought the youngster was
afraid, so he sprang forward and drove his
teeth through the skin of the puppy’s

throat..... A few minutes later the

puppy was alone again, for the ring of
coyotes had melted into the night while
their vanquished champion had slunk away,
dripping blood from a score of wounds. It
was a victory for the puppy, but an empty
one at that, for from that time on, even
the coyotes feared him, and they were his
nearest of kin.

A LMOST two years had gone by since
that night when the landslide had
blotted out the den on Hell-gate Butte.
The days and nights when the lonely puppy
had wandered through the Bad Lands in
search of food had gone forever, for the
puppy had ceased to be. He had grown a
massive frame, and with growth had come
strength. The additional speed of his
limbs and the crushing power of his jaws
had been translated into terms of more
food, and food in turn had hastened the
process of growing.

  In time he became a terror to the other
wild things of the Bad Lands. One by one,
he met the enemies of his puppyhood; and
one by one, they went down before him.
The lynx, whose attack had so nearly
nipped his puppy life in the bud, was only
a thing of memory, for he had left her
kicking her life out on the alkali. There
was left only the big yellow cat from the
mountains—the lion that had chased him
back to the fiery home of his mother.

  The time came when nearly all the game
had been frightened away, and he had

found it necessary to go farther afield for
food, and so had found a new enemy—
man. Where the coyotes killed sheep and
calves and turkeys, he killed colts and
sometimes half-grown cattle. In time he
became a scourge, and a reward was placed
upon his head. Summer and winter he
was hunted. He stepped in a trap and
escaped only by chewing the toes from one
foot after it was frozen. Once a bullet
broke his lower jaw, and he was forced to
'suck eggs from prairie chickens’ nests until
the bones had knitted; but always his
marvelous recuperative powers carried him
back to health. Then, in the end, made
desperate by hunger, he attacked and
killed a young stallion, the property of the
Government and the Indians on the Cot-
tonwood Reservation. The Indian agent
organized both red men and white against
him, and redskin trailers tracked him to
his home on the hill of the many fires. At
last they were ready to strike.

   The Indian agent watched the signs of
the weather, and then came a clear day,
neither too warm nor too cold, when the
moon was full and a light fall of snow made
it easy for the red trailers, should their aid
become necessary. By sundown the open
space before the agency office was a seeth-
ing mass of excited red men. Scattered
among the boys and youths of the new
generation was an occasional tuft of eagle
feathers, marking the presence of a warrior
of the old regime. Modern rifles and auto-
matic shotguns were side by side with the
muzzle-loaders of an older time, and once
the rays of the setting sun struck fire from
the polished blade-of a lance, a relic of the
days when Ree met Sioux by the bloody
shores of the Greasy Grass. Outside the
reservation fence and beyond the hill of fire
other groups were forming. White men,
those, waiting the signal to draw their lines
through the Bad Lands and connect at
either end with the lines of their painted
allies.

   Just before the closing down of night,
a long column of horsemen moved out from
the agency to break up into groups and
glide in ghostly silence to their allotted
stations in the Bad Lands. The cold twi-
light of night had faded from crimson to
gray and from gray to blue. A curtain
hung along the western horizon. For a
time the Bad Lands were illumined only by
the reflection of starlight on vast areas
of wind-carved snow, but soon a dull glow
formed in the east. Pillars of mounting
At Hell-gate Butte

96

light, radiating from a common center,
spread fanwise above the skyline, and the
blood-red rim of the moon appeared.

  The peaks and fantastic forms of clay
glittered like mountains of jewels. Moon-
light played on the snow and among
the frost-crystals which shimmered and
sparkled in iridescent splendor, while scoria
slides splashed the hillsides with blood.

In the artificially heated air that hung
above the crest of the burning butte fleecy
streamers of water vapor floated back and
forth, to chill and fall in showers of glit-
tering frost, as they wandered into cur-
rents of colder air from the ice-filled valleys
below.

  The mouth of the old badger-hole, larger
by twice its original diameter, and half ob-
scured by clouds of steam, looked as aban-
doned and lonely as in the days of the
spider web. The vapor thickened, and the
mouth of the hole disappeared in a shift-
ing gray cloud. Then a current of air rent
the curtain of steam and the silhouette of
a great, shaggy gray beast stood out against
the star-studded sky. On the crest of the
fiery butte stood the king of wolves.

AS the curtain of steam lifted to show
the great animal at the mouth of his
den, a cottontail, far down the slope,
darted toward his thorn-protected runway
with a squeak of terror. A prairie chicken
rose with a flutter of protest and darted
away through the air-lanes of the night.
From a clump of thorn-apples a black-
tailed doe sprang into the open, to stand
poised a moment in the moonlight. An
instant later she was in full flight, while
behind her, running nearly as fast and with
far more endurance, came the great wolf.
At the end of a mile the wolf had lost
ground, and the deer was still bounding
high, wasting her strength in useless effort;
another mile, and the wolf was holding his
own; a third, and he was gaining. The
doe was running now, head low, ears back,
giving the best she had; but the best was
not enough. It was late in the season,
almost time for spring and the birth of her
young. From behind her came a noise,
not the shrill yelp of the excited coyote,
but the low, pitiless, moaning bay of a
wolf. Putting forth all her strength, she
darted over a divide and down into the
valley of petrified trees and giant mush-
rooms.

  Suddenly, from the top of a balancing
rock, a long yellow streak leaped into the

THE BLUE

moonlight. This time the aim of the lion
was good, and there came the dull impact
of flesh on flesh. For an instant the deer
and lion became a rolling, tangled ball of
yellow and tan. Then the lion came upper-
most and drove her curved teeth at the
throat of the doe, but they never reached
their objective, for a great gray thing of
wrath and silent fury sprang across the
prostrate bodies; and as he passed, the wolf
drove his fangs in the side of the big cat’s
neck.

  Again and again he crossed and re-
crossed the tumbling pair, each time strik-
ing with the precision and speed of light-
ning. Smarting with pain, the lion loosened
her grip on the doe and turned to face her
assailant, but this time she had to deal
with something more than a timid puppy.
In the deadly glitter of his eyes she be-
held a hatred equal to her own. In the
fangs, gleaming white in the moonlight,
in the high arch of the plumed neck where
the yellow mane bristled defiance, she read
the battle-signs of the wild. For a moment
she paused, spitting and snarling and
scratching at the ground, while her long
tail lashed the snow to silvery fog on
either side. Then her confidence returned.
Never within her memory had a living
thing defied the awful, raking power of her
claws. Gathering her spring-steel muscles,
she launched herself at the shaggy form be-
fore her.

  A miscalculation of the smallest frac-
tion of a second on the part of the wolf
would have resulted in his being literally
flayed alive, but he made no such error.
Without waiting for her to strike, he
lunged forward and under. When the big
cat struck the ground, he was beyond
reach, while blood spurting from a wound
in the lion’s side crimsoned the snow be-
neath her. Once more, and still again, she
tried, but the great wolf was her equal
and more. When she struck the ground for
the third time, and before she could re-
cover her balance, he rushed in and buried
his teeth in her back. With a wild scream
of agony she tore loose and fled, while the
wolf, forgetting, in his hour of triumph,
the doe that had scurried from sight among
the hills, stood in a snow-sodden pool of
blood and sent his song of victory ringing
among the crags and peaks above.

  Miles away, where the Bad Lands gave
way to prairie, a yelping coyote heard
the blood-curdling cry of the wolf, and
breaking off in the midst of his song, he
BOOK MAGAZINE

97

slunk away into the night. A night-
prowling porcupine stopped, listened and
curled himself into a needle-covered ball.
Then as the great beast’s cry of defiance
died away, a hush settled over the earth,
the hush of mortal fear; the wild folk knew
that the greatest killer of all was abroad,
and death hovered about them. Suddenly,
from around a point in the direction taken
by the lion, came a new sound, the clear,
shattering report of a rifle. In an instant
another, and then a spattering volley.
Once more the hairs on the great wolf’s
neck bristled, and when his ears caught a
far-away scream of mortal agony from the
lion, he too turned and bounded away.
Afraid of nothing else that walked or
crawled among the Bad Lands, he knew the
terrible menace of man and his rifle, and
he ran as he had never run since the night
the lion had chased him back among the
fires of Hell-gate Butte.

  Mile after mile among the peaks and
buttes he still sped on. At a long, bound-
ing lope and driven by muscles which
acknowledged no superior, he passed
through the scenes of his puppyhood, along
the base of the burning butte and so out
toward the prairie beyond. And then it
came again—the crackling of rifles, the
whine of bullets, the high, excited yells of
men. Wheeling back on his tracks, he tried
a new direction—but there once more was
the line of men. He was running in a
great circle. Somewhere there must be a
break in this cordon of death, somewhere
a place where he could slip through to free-
dom! Hour after hour he plunged on,
desperately searching a chance to escape.
The night wore on, and paled into the
blush of dawn. He was breathing heavily,
running with his head hung low, and his
swelling tongue impeded his breathing.
Daylight came, and the forenoon passed.
Always his circle grew smaller and smaller.
To the north and the south, to the east
and the west, it was the same—an endless
line of men and rifles. At last, when the
valleys were filled with a yelling mob of
red men and white, he was forced to the
slopes of Hell-gate Butte.

LIE was a fair target against the butte
above, and a haze began to form be-
fore and behind—the dust from flying
steel and lead. A continuous rattle of
rifles below; the monotonous moaning
whine of ricocheting bullets above. Up
and up he climbed, until he gained the

By Bigelow Neal

highest pinnacle of the butte and crouched
against the ground to escape the flying
particles of steel and gravel.

  Here then, was the end; here on the top
of the burning peak which had always
been his home, the last of the buffalo
wolves was to be riddled with shot and left
to rot on the slopes of the butte. His
crime—the felony of being, of living ac-
cording to the instincts of his kind! He
heard them coming, heard them climbing
the sides of the butte; but even so it was
not ordained that mere man should boast
of killing the gray death.

   Down in the heart of the butte a; reser-
voir of water had been forming through the
years. Without warning, it broke through
and emptied its contents into the fiery pit
beneath. The heart of Hell-gate Butte be-
came a vast boiler; the pressure rose until
the weight of the peak became as nothing;
the earth trembled; fissures opened, and
steam shot forth in wild hissing columns;
the rock-crowned battlements which had
stood the wear and tear of centuries
toppled and fell; dense clouds of dust and
smoke and gas poured into the air and
hung like a trembling pall about the crest
and base of the doomed peak. The rum-
bling noise of falling rock and rolling
boulders swelled into a mighty chord, in
unison with the high-pitched yells of flee-
ing men. And then silence—a silence
more terrifying than the tumult of sound
which preceded it. A breath of wind out
of the west, and the curtain of dust rolled
back. Instead of the towering peak, men
saw only a pile of tumbled rocks and clay.
The fire which had eaten the heart from the
great butte had been smothered to ashes,
and Hell-gate Butte was but a name.

   The cattle-men tell the story of how the
last of the buffalo wolves lies buried be-
neath the ruins of Hell-gate Butte. There’s
another story, told around the council fires
of the Hidatsa, of how a shaggy monster
rode the crest of an avalanche of rock and
clay, a fearful, gray shadow whose eyes
shot fire as it darted through the lines of
red men.

  There’s still another story. This comes
from a land far to the west, where rocks
are piled against the sky like the teeth
of a crosscut saw. It tells of a female
buffalo wolf, the last of her breed in the
Rocky Mountains, and how for years she
wandered in and out among the crags,
calling for a mate. One night an answer
came—and she was no longer alone.
 Mr. X

‘By

C. Francis Burton

Illustrated by E. R. Kirkbride

The impressive story of' a man with a hlot upon his
past, who had built up a new life and a new name in a
far Western community when—the Past overtook him.

PINE VALLEY, reaching up into the
snow-rimmed mountains for thirty
miles above a bottle-necked canon,
was one of the last comers of the West
to be reclaimed by the home-seeker. Even
the watery-eyed trapper found it a little
remote and inaccessible. But Joe Som-
mers, looking down into the valley from
the western rim over those towering green
pines, found in the primitive waste, with
its fertile trackless benches, a haven of
rest, a refuge of safety. It held a promise:
“They will never find you here.” He car-
ried a rifle in the hollow of his bent arm
and a heavy pack on his tired shoulders.

  Since escaping prison, where he had been
sentenced for life for the murder of John
Baird,—a man he had never seen,—he had
lived in fear, going from place to place.
His savings of five years had been thought
to be the money of the murdered man, and
circumstances were against him. He was
left penniless. He sought no revenge
against the law or society for the wrong,
but he did want his liberty. How he
hated that prison, the stench, the lock-
step, everything! Here liberty beckoned,
and he accepted the challenge, knowing he
would ever be a hunted man. In Pine
Valley he would be alone, safe.

  Joe squatted on a hundred and sixty

acres of Pine Valley land as level as a
house floor, and here he built a cabin of
logs drawn from the mountain sides. The
tumbling water of the Stony emptied into
the Pine just back of his cabin door, and
pungent sage and bunchgrass reached back
to the whispering pines.

rFHAT winter he set a line of traps up

*	toward the summit on the Stony, going
up the fifteen miles one day and back the
next. He always carried his rifle, for sev-
eral cougar tracks crossed his trail after
each new fall of snow, and occasionally
they followed him for miles. While that
first winter did not bring a big catch of
fur,—only four hundred dollars’ worth,—
he learned the ways of the marten, the
beaver, the otter, the lynx and the cougar;
and best of all, he kept busy.

  Late in the spring he tracked a big
grizzly over into Fall Creek and came
upon the fresh tracks of a man in the new-
fallen snow. So he was not the only
occupant of Pine Valley! This disturbed
him, for he knew the relentlessness of the
officers of the law in running down es-
caped convicts. He turned from the track
of the bear to that of the man, as being
his greater enemy, and had followed the
man’s track not more than a mile, when a
Mr. X

<

cougar took up the trail also, in advance
of him. Joe now discovered that the man
was wounded and bleeding—for there was
a red stain in the snow where he had
crossed a gulch. Evidently the hungry
cougar was tempted by the scent of blood.
Helpless and wounded, the man would be
at the mercy of the beast; for though
the cougar normally runs from a human
being, he is cunning enough to know he
can attack a wounded man. Joe hurried
on, seeing the man struggling forward a
mile ahead of him. Plainly ignorant that
the cougar was following only a few rods
behind, the injured man sat down to rest
Under a projecting rock in the warm sun.
The cougar poised above for a final leap,
and before Joe could bring his powerful
rifle to his shoulder for so long a shot,
the beast had made his spring. Joe has-
tened to that scene of horror, but when he
finally killed the cougar, the man’s flesh
was badly tom and his wounded leg was
crushed by the powerful jaws of the at-
tacking animal, for, weakened by the loss
of blood and a long walk to reach his cabin
after an accidental bullet-wound, the man
had put up but a poor fight. One hand
had also fallen between those teeth, and
was crushed and tom. He was half uncon-
scious as Joe packed him three miles to his
own cabin and dressed the wounds.

  The doctor, brought in haste three days
later over the summit, was unable to save
Jack Landon’s leg; and the mangled hand
was left almost useless.

  “Where you from, Joe?” asked Jack
idly, one day, during his slow recovery.
“You haven’t always lived here?”

  “Oh, no. Back East. Most everyone
comes from back there,” said Joe, fum-
bling the information purposely.

  “Course, I know that, but what part of
the East?” persisted Jack.

  Joe wrenched his shoulders as if to free
himself of suspicion. It was only natural
that Jack should ask, but Joe was alarmed,
nevertheless, for he was trying to push the
past into the haze of memory.

  “I was raised in a shanty among the
sticks of Michigan,” said Joe.

  Jack nodded thoughtfully. “How’d you
happen to pick out Pine Valley as a place
to come to?”

  “Nice valley, Jack,” said Joe laconi-
cally.

  “Pines like they have back in Michigan,
maybe. Don’t suppose many people will
ever come in here. Lonely place.”

By C. Francis Burton

  As Jack was permanently crippled and
would be almost helpless for some time
to come, Joe moved over to his own cabin
all the things from Jack’s cabin on Fall
Creek. Later on, with rude skill he
whittled a wooden leg o,ut of a dry sapling
and fitted it to Jack’s knee, accepting
him finally as a member of the household.

W/HEN Government surveyors came into
Pine Valley and camped on Joe’s
claim, locating section corners and making
the country ready for settlers, Joe’s fears
ascended like a flame. He didn’t like those
little stakes they drove in the trackless
waste with the mysterious numbers on
them; nor did he trust the men who put
them there; for both portended the ad-
vance of civilization. Joe considered mov-
ing on as the only safe course. Where
could he go?

  He talked it over seriously with Jack
Landon. But Jack welcomed the prospect
of a town on Joe’s ranch.

  “I wouldn’t be much good wandering
with this wooden leg,” said Jack.

  It was his friendship for Jack Landon
that finally decided Joe on that evening
when Jack said: “You only got a week
left to make homestead entry on your land,
Joe.”

  “Guess I’ll give the claim to you, Jack,
and move on into the sticks.”

  Jack thumped restlessly across the room
on his wooden leg. “What could I do with
land, Joe? I got only one good hand and
one leg. If you move on, Joe, I guess I’ll
be going too.”

  Joe considered the advantages of re-
maining there and taking the chance of
being discovered and betrayed, as against
those of wandering into the primitive wil-
derness. But as a man considers his family:
his children, their chance of schooling and
churches, so Joe considered Jack. He
could keep him here, give him a home. To
drag him about would be cruel.

CETTLERS soon came streaming in op
the vanguard of what was destined to
be a land-seekers’ boom. A wagon road
was started up the bottle-necked canon,
financed by the Forest Service in conjunc-
tion with the State, for those pines must
be saved from destructive fires. Before
the summer was over Joe could see many
spirals of smoke curling forth in the early
morning before the breeze swished them
away.
Mr. X

100

  Late in the summer a family of five
settled on the hundred and sixty acres ad-
joining Joe on the south, and set up a tent
close to the river. Joe saw the smoke from
the evening campfire and sighed heavily.
Hundreds of people had attended his sen-
sational trial, and the courtroom was
packed on the day of his conviction and
sentence to life imprisonment; his picture,
moreover, had appeared in many news-
papers. He feared recognition by the new-
comers.

'"THE second evening after his neighbors’
arrival, a girl came up and rapped at his
door. “I wonder if we could get some
milk for the baby. We heard a cowbell
on the bench and thought you must have
a cow.”

  Joe’s embarrassment and fear gave way
to a feeling of security, for she was too
young to remember him, had she ever been
back East. “Sure, I got plenty of milk.
Hard trip for a baby over the summit.
How old is he?”

  “Nine months.”

  “That’s pioneering with a vengeance,”
said Joe, bringing in a gallon lard-bucket
full of milk. “It wasn’t no easy trick
driving a cow over that trail, either. Came
mighty near not getting here with her.
Rolled down one bank for fifty feet, but
landed in soft ground. That’s all that
saved her. Mighty glad I got here with
her all right,” he said, holding out the
milk for her to take.

  “Oh, I didn’t bring money enough to
pay for all that,” she said, refusing it.

  “This don’t cost you anything,” said
Joe, eagerly scanning her face. He was
glad young people had moved in close to
him.

  “Oh, I’m afraid Mother wont accept it
for nothing.” Joe’s eyes fell as if she had
struck him a blow.

  “We want to be steady customers until
we can get a cow of our own,” she added.

  “Your mother!” he exclaimed, wonder-
ing if by chance, any fatal chance, she
had come from Michigan.

  She glanced up quickly at his anxious
face. Then she laughed. “You thought
it was my baby, did you?” It pleased
her to disillusion him, for Joe Sommers
was still young and handsome, and those
troubled depths in his eyes appealed to
her.

  Joe’s face went as red as the sunset on
the western rim. Jack thumped across

THE BLUE

the room to the door and went toward the
stable. “Oh, how did your son get crip-
pled?” Her retort, using Jack as a butt
for her revenge, made the situation almost
ludicrous. She laughed tantalizingly, for
it was self-evident that Jack was ten years
his senior. He caught the humor of it and
laughed also. Before she left, Joe had
made a mutually satisfactory agreement
wi'*h Matie Kay—she was to drive the cow
in with her pony, each evening, in exchange
for milk.

  Struck by an alarming thought, Joe
stopped her as she ran toward her pony
to ride back to the campfire by the river.
“Where are you from?” he called, as if
some great issue depended upon her an-
swer.

  She stopped abruptly.

  “We came from the city. I’m afraid
some one will have to teach Dad how to
ranch.”

  “Ever back East—in Michigan?” he
asked.

  “No, we came from Kansas fifteen
years ago.” And she rode home.

  That was the pronouncement of liberty
to Joe. He was safe enough so far as they
were concerned. But Matie Kay became
another and more insidious danger. Not
only did she drive the cow from the bench
each night, but, knowing her father’s in-
efficiency as a man of the soil, she came
over to watch Joe at work, that she might
take home as an investment on their own
place some of his vast store of knowledge
about ranching.

  Joe began to have worried moments.
She could never mean anything more than
a casual friendship. Could he bring her
under the shadow with him? Under the
judgment that might crush him any mo-
ment? No. He was not free. But that
puzzled look she gave him sometimes
hurt.....

  “I wish I could go trapping with you,
Joe, and make some money to help out.
There are so many things we need,”
Matie said frankly one day.

  “I wish I could take you along,” Joe
replied. “And I could, if you were a boy.”

  “Do you wish I was a boy? Girls are
a nuisance in a new country like this,” she
said.

  “You’ve helped your dad a lot. You
have told him how to do everything he
has done.”

  “Well, I’ve told him what you said he
ought to do. You seem to know how and
BOOK MAGAZINE

101

By C. Francis Burton

when to do everything,” she said with a
sigh. “You don’t need anyone to help
you!”

  “We’ll see about that,” said Joe impul-
sively. He regretted those words as soon
as they were spoken. So long as this
prison term was hanging over him, it would
be’merciless to ask her to share his life

 need to build a town of two thousand
 people is here. That would make my
 father’s ranch worth a whole lot, Joe.”
 “Yes, it would, Matie.”

 “You are going to do it, Joe?”

 “I don’t know.”

 Her eyes were cast down as she walked
 away. Joe muttered: “Oh, Lord, if I

—knowing that an officer might some day
come and lay the heavy, cruel hand of the
Law upon his shoulder. “Come with me!”
He had heard those words a thousand
times. “Come with me!” Like a voice

out of the depths it persisted.....No,

that would never do.

LJE made a wonderful catch of furs that
winter, and the price was high. Most
anything he needed in this primitive coun-
try was within his grasp. He made no
pretensions, but people began to whisper
that Joe Sommers was rich.

  When the road reached his place at that
narrow and crucial point on the Pine,
those who lived near by turned tcf him
with expectation and confidence that he
would start a town at the mouth of the
Stony.

  “You’re going to do it, aren’t you, Joe?”
said Matie. Joe had been her ideal too
long for her to doubt.

  He hesitated. “People around here ex-
pect it of you,” she urged. “See what it
means to them! We must have a store,
a bank,—for we will all have money be-
fore long, though we have little now,—a
post office, and a hotel where travelers can
stop. See what it will mean to everyone!”

  He smiled. “Just your woman’s dreams,
Matie. We may need a store.” He could
get no farther than that.

  “It’s not a dream, Joe. Everything you

The injured man sat down to rest,
and—the cougar made his spring.

could only do it—for her—and for them!”
That summer a man with a four-horse
team brought in a stock of goods, and Joe
gave him a building site on the new road,
in the center of his ranch. The doors of
the log building were soon opened, and a
freight wagon was put on the road. A
house was built for the storekeeper, also
one for the freighter, and a stable for the
horses. Then a call came for lots and
more lots. Stonyville grew like a weed
planted in that fertile soil. The ten thou-
sand dollars Joe had saved from his trap-
line began to grow rapidly.

CTEVEN DALE, a friend of the Kays,
came to Pine Valley early in the spring,
seeking an opportunity to invest his
Mr. X

102

THE BLUE

money, he said—but, in fact, he had fol-
lowed Matie Kay with a definite object in
view. Finding her now a woman and a
very attractive one, he decided to cast his
lot in Stonyville.

  He was not long in making his desires
known, but when his proposal came (with
her refusal) Matie \?as horrified. She felt
entangled in a web, and struggled to break
the meshes that held her tight, for she
loved Joe with all her loyal heart. Still,
there was something about Dale that was
hard to resist.

  In desperation she rushed from the
counsel of her parents,—who regarded
Steven favorably,—and hurled herself at
Joe for protection. She found him chang-
ing the irrigation laterals down in the
meadow.

  “Oh, Joe, I am afraid, so afraid—”

  Susceptible to her every mood, he re-
sponded instantly to her fears. Taking
her trembling hand, he led her to the ditch
bank and sat down beside her.

  “What has happened, my dear girl?
Can I help you?”

  “Only in one way, Joe. Joe, I can’t
leave here—and you!” she implored.

  At his heart tugged Joe’s secret, that
barrier that must ever keep him silent.

  “Oh, Joe, you can only help me by mar-
rying me tonight!” It did not seem like
a proposal—but rather, an answer to the
prayer on his lips.

  “Sure I will, Matie. I’ve been wanting
to do that for a long time, but—but I’m
nothing but a trapper, a lonely old trap-
per.” But he was smiling happily. He had
not tom down the barrier—it had fallen
to let him pass!

  “You are not old, Joe, not much older
than I am. They don’t need my help at
the ranch any more. I must help some
one, as God intended, and I want to help
you.”

  “Bless you, girl!” He reached out,
drew her to him, kissed her on the lips
for the first time. He forgot all about his
past—and the shadow on his life.....

  Though Matie’s sudden marriage stung
Steven Dale’s vanity to the quick, no one
would have known thaf he had received
a crushing blow, for he was a perfect
master of self-control. The reason for
his coming to Stonyville was not known and
so little did Joe mix with people that he
hardly knew of Steven’s presence in the
community until later.

  Soon after the marriage, Steven Dale

sought Joe out and made his acquaintance.
Matie, now tied by the strongest of social
bonds, watched this friendship grow with
some slight misgiving. Steven was destined
to be a power in the growth of Stonyville,
and, knowing that Joe needed friends more
than anything else in the world, Matie did
not warn him against Dale, but she did
nestle closer into the protecting arms of
her husband.

'"THREE years’ time brought a daughter,
then a son. “Why not call him Steven,
Matie?” said Joe.

  Matie’s protest was just short of defi-
ance. To refuse further might cause Joe
to wonder why she should object so
vigorously.

  “You named the girl after your mother,
Matie. I should have the right to name
the boy after my friend,” said Joe, and
while Matie never openly consented to
that proposal, she withdrew in submission
and let Joe have his way.

  If Matie had one complaint to make in
her choice of a husband, it was because
of his utter and persistent retirement. He
would never go where crowds gathered—
for there were always new faces on the
streets of Stonyville. Whenever he met
strangers on the street or when they came
to him for advice and counsel, he was
troubled, until reassured that they knew
nothing of his secret.

  Matie, in her effort to push Joe upward
to the very heights, never missed a chance
at the Civic League to make an excuse for
Joe’s absence. “He works so very hard.
He has so many things to do. So many
people come to him,” she would say. His
very silence and retirement surrounded him
with an air of wisdom.

  “Mr. Sommers,” said Dale one day at
the house while Matie was rocking the
baby to sleep, “I have been around a
great deal—a great deal—”

  Joe started. “Ever been in Michigan?”
The question was forced by Joe’s fears._
“Why, no—no,” stammered Dale, look-
ing at Joe in an odd way, for the quick
interrogation came with such intensity that
it aroused his curiosity.

  “I have been around a great deal,” he
repeated, “and Stonyville offers the best
opportunities of any town I was ever in.
It is not only going to be a thriving little
city, but it will attract people by its natural
beauty. And there is hunting, fishing, and
camping up in the shady pines.”
BOOK MAGAZINE

103

By C. Francis Burton

  Joe assented. “We are surely growing,
Steven.” But he listened with misgiving to
the beating of hammers.

“I AM going to bring all my money here,”

  *	continued Steven; “cast my future lot
with Pine Valley and try to make Stony-
ville a town to be proud of.” And he
threw out his chest.

  “Good!” exclaimed Joe, feeling that
Steven could take his place as guardian of
the village. People would not come to
him so often to borrow money. Steven’s
counsel would be sought instead of his.

  “Joe, have you ever considered that the
banking business gives a man a standing
in a community, which no other business
affords? People in difficulty, especially in
financial' straits, go first to their banker.
He always knows everyone’s money stand-
ing. A glimpse into a man’s pocketbook
is a mortgage on his success in life. Stony-
ville needs a bank.”

  “We would welcome you as the founder
of the first financial institution, Steven,”
said Joe. Steven would be just the man for
that position, he felt.

  “But I want your support, Joe, financial
support as well as moral. I want you to
be one of the first stockholders, and a
director,” explained Dale.

  The request struck Joe a stunning blow;
would this bring him into contact with
people, strange people?

  Matie put the sleeping baby on the bed.
“Certainly Joe will do this, Steven,” she
said, coming, so she thought, to Joe’s as-
sistance.

  “I know nothing about the banking busi-
ness,” said Joe, hesitantly.

  “I’ll decorate the wicket, Joe, until we
need assistance. I’m familiar with bank-
ing details.” So it was settled by Steven,
and the bank commenced to build at once,
with Joe’s name leading the founders’
names. Matie felt very proud of him.

  Two years later found Joe Sommers a
wealthy man of affairs. He owned the
lumber-mill up among the pines, those
loved pines along his old trap-line. He loved
the sawmill most of all, though it hurt to
see one of those old patriarchs of the forest
prone upon the ground. He established
a brickyard on the clay banks, that Stony-
ville might have better buildings. He did
little ranching now, leaving the oversee-
ing of it to Jack Landon. With the affairs
of the bank, the sawmill, the brickyard,
and the townsite, Joe was a busy man.

  One of the first things Steven did after
the bank was paying handsomely was to
build a church; and he occupied the pulpit,
delivering messages of hope and faith, un-
til a minister could be induced to accept
the charge. When one finally came, it
was Steven to whom he went to be ac-
cepted, and Steven was made sole trustee.
As usual, Joe Sommers refused to attend
where the public met. So Matie went
alone, taking the younger child with her.

  Steven, now established in the commu-
nity, reverted to type—going back to
the days when he was courting Matie as
a starting point for his revenge. Know-
ing that a difference of faith may create
a delicate situation in the home which
sometimes leads to -distrust and rupture,
Steven Dale drove an entering wedge be-
tween Matie and Joe so cleverly that she
did not even suspect his purpose.

  Steven had created himself usher at the
church, stationing himself at the vestibule
door to meet all newcomers, and to greet
the older members. He met Matie at the
door, bowing with a smile. “Why doesn’t
Joe come to our meetings?” he asked.

  “Oh!” She hesitated, for she did not
know why—she refused to admit that Joe
was an unbeliever in the powers or the
grace of God. “He doesn’t care to come,”
she said simply.

  Dale wrinkled his brow. “You don’t
mean that Joe is an atheist?” he said.

  That word caused Matie to shudder, and
to brush her eyes as if to tear away an
obscuring veil. “Oh, I don’t know. No,”
she defended stanchly, “he isn’t, but he
refuses to come.” And she hurried down
the aisle to her seat, before he could es-
cort her. Much troubled, she heard little
of that sermon. Dale was again at the
door when she left. He met her with an
ingratiating smile, and took her hand,
holding it longer than was necessary.

  “I’m sorry Joe doesn’t come,” he said
with a tone that cut her.

  “He is taking care of Alice. She always
falls asleep when I bring her,” she said.

  “We need Joe,” he said. “I can’t think
of Joe being an unbeliever. People follow
Joe’s example. It should be one of faith.”

lWTATIE never talked religion with Joe,
but the time came when she took her
problems of faith to Steven Dale and dis-
cussed them freely with him.

“Oh, Steven, you and Joe are associated
in business ventures—and friends should
Mr. X

104

THE BLUE

speak freely with one another. Wont you
appeal to Joe for me? He doesn’t care to
meet people or mingle with them. He
should belong to the Civic League and
lodge. Joe should have been the one to
introduce the Governor when he visited
us. He should come to church with me.
He knows haw to transact business with
people; why should he not meet them
socially and publicly?”

  “He should, Matie, he should!” Steven
sighed regretfully, but in fact it was a vent
to his own misguided emotions pent up so
long in his soul.

  “Wont you speak to him, Steven?”

  “Yes, I will, Matie, at the very first
opportunity.” He looked up at her. “I
would do anything for you—anything!”

  “Oh, thank you, Steven.” But he did
not let her go.

  “I fear Jack Landon has a bad influence
over Joe,” said Dale. He had long feared
Joe’s friendship for the cripple; he feared
Jack’s keen penetrating eyes, his way of
digging below the surface of things into
men’s hearts and souls.

  “You think, Steven, that we shouldn’t
have Jack at the house? I know he has
strange ideas upon many things,” she said,
troubled.

  “A friendship that was founded in the
desolation and loneliness of Pine Valley
before other men came, is not good for Joe.
You should have him send Jack away.”

  “But Jack has only one leg and one
arm,” said Matie, looking upon the humane
side of the problem. “I don’t know what
Jack would do if Joe should turn him
away.”

  “It has gone beyond that, Matie. What
will become of you and Joe if he re-
mains?”

  Matie was frightened by his words and
his tone. “I will speak to Joe about Jack,”
she said.

  “We were never taught to give our souls
in charity—only our money, and things
of the world,” said Steven, holding her
hand in both of his own protectingly.

  She withdrew it, conscious of his pres-
sure upon it. “Oh,” sighed Matie, “if
Joe only understood as you do, if he only
liked to meet people as you do, Steven!”
Her appeal tempted Steven Dale beyond
his usual discretion.

  “I’m afraid you should have married
me,” he said.

  Frightened, she fairly fled, leaving him
to stare after her. Once he had courted

  her parents—now he was appealing to her
through her faith.

  Matie spoke to Joe about Jack Landon,
but he would not listen and nothing came
of it but several hours of bitterness.

  “No,” he said finally, “Jack is almost
as helpless as a child.” Matie had taken
full responsibility for her demands—not
mentioning that Steven had advised it.
“If your God is so merciless, mine is not,”
said Joe. It ended there, for Matie real-
ized the danger of trying to make the
Deity the author of her own selfish
desires.

  The memories of the friendship welded
in the old trapper’s cabin were almost a
religion with Joe.

  While she never spoke again of turning
Jack out, her manner toward him. changed
in a way that he was quick to notice. She
no longer welcomed, but merely tolerated
him.

  Jack put up a cobbler’s shop on Main
Street and moved all his belongings into
the back room. It was not only his cubicle
—it was his world.

rT'HEN the terrible thing that Joe Som-
mers always feared, happened just as
he had known it some day would. The blow
at first shocked and then stunned him with
its intensity. Through the mail he re-
ceived a letter, postmarked from the city,
that paralyzed all his senses.

  He was in the post office when he re-
ceived it. Tearing it open with nervous
fingers, he read:

  Mr. Joe Sommers:

  You are an escaped convict sent up for
  life for killing John Baird back in Michi-
  gan. I saw you the day you were convicted
  and sentenced. I knew you the first time I
  saw you on the streets of Stonyville—

  Joe went ashen white, and trembled like
a frosted aspen leaf in winter’s chilly wind.
His friends noticed that he staggered out
of the post office clutching the letter he
had been reading. In his room, with the
door securely locked to keep Matie out in
case she should come to inquire for the
mail, he finished reading that condemning
letter:

  I’m not going to send you back to prison
  if you do as I tell you. You are in my
  power, and a man that don’t use his power
  is a fool. I need money, a lot of money,
  and I need it very badly. Don’t try to find
  out who I am, or I will turn you back to
  the law, for I wont take no chances. Leave
  five thousand dollars with Steven Dale at
BOOK MAGAZINE

105

By C. Francis Burton

  the bank for Mr. X, and your secret will
  be safe.

                               Mr. X.

  For an hour he clutched that written
page in his iron grip and sat staring into
space. No use to save that letter—every
word burned its way into Joe Sommers’
soul like a brand. He was helpless; he
couldn’t fight back; he was tied! One
false move, and back to prison he would
g°-

  He had no defense. Just a whispered

“I have come to take you back to pris-
on, Frank Leroy," he said.

word, and all was lost! There was no way
to silence Mr. X but to do his bidding. He
thought of his children, Alice, the older,
and Steven, now aged five years, growing to
manhood with the father’s promise of
honor and a respectable name. He thought
of Matie, whom he had basely and cul-
pably deceived by his silence. They were
his to guard against evil; he must do his
duty to them at any cost. Better to leave
them penniless than to disgrace their
name. Surely Mr. X would go his way
when he had robbed him of all he pos-
sessed, without visiting his greed upon his
innocent wife and children! He knew he
must obey that summons at once.

  He touched a match to that letter and
crushed the ashes in his palm, leaving a
black stain. He went out of the house
through the living-room, passing Matie,
and almost ran to the bank to see Steven
Dale.

  Steven greeted Joe through the wick-
et gate with a broad, ingratiating smile.
“Something I can do for you, Joe?”heasked.

  “Yes, Steven,” said Joe in a level, con-

trolled voice. “I need a little money, more
than I have to my credit. I need it at
once.” His voice carried a peculiar mes-
sage of desperation to Steven Dale.

  “Sorry to see you in straits, Joe,”
sympathized Steven.

  “You have been wanting to buy the saw-
mill for some little time, Steven. I am
ready to sell now on the terms you offered
a month ago. It is paying well.”

  “Come into the office, Joe.” The trans-
fer of those beloved pines was soon made.
“What are you going to do with all this
money, Joe?” asked Steven, as a friend
naturally would.

  “I wish to leave five thousand here in
the bank for a Mr. X,” gulped Joe. Steven
watched, as if fascinated, the misery of
that face across the table. “I believe he
will call for it.”

  “Oh, yes, yes,” said Steven. “He was
in here to see me a few days ago. Said
you might leave some money for him. In-
telligent-looking man, but I had no idea it
would be so much. A man of mystery,
eh?”

  “It’s all right, Steven. Just take his re-
ceipt for the money, signed by Mr. X.”
Steven smiled. “A little investment per-
haps that will pay you better than the saw-
mill, and you don’t wish to let your friends
in on it. You foxy old money-grabber!”
chided Steven. “Who is this mysterious,
well-dressed man, Joe?”

  But Joe hurried home as fast as he had
come, looking neither to the right nor the
left to greet friends. If before he had
feared people he seemed now to hate them
in his distrust. He seemed to see their
fingers pointed at him, singling him out as
a loathsome thing.

I ETTING business go by default, Joe no
longer went to the brick kiln, or at-
tended bank meetings. When people came
to talk of lots in his townsite he let them
rap at his door and go away. He went
to and from his office through the alley,
and entered by the back door. Here he
sat in the rear room, dazed, as one must
who waits to be hanged at dawn.

  At the end of two months another let-
ter came from Mr. X, demanding another
five thousand dollars. By the time the
year had ended, Joe Sommers had also sold
to Steven Dale his brick kiln and his bank
stock, retiring automatically from the
directorate.

  It was evident that Mr. X intended to
Mr. X

106

THE BLUE

make Joe a pauper. What then? Would
he send him back to the penitentiary?
Surely he wouldn’t be that despicable, Joe
thought, as he weighed the disadvantages
to Matie and the children of being poor, as
against those of the disgrace which he felt
sure would result if he defied Mr. X and
refused to give him more.

I IE had reached the point where he could

*	*■ keep his secret from Matie no longer,
for she must now sign the deeds to the
fend and would ask questions. But Matie
had implicit faith in Joe’s ability to handle
his own affairs, and she signed the deed
to Steven of the townsite and the south
forty acres of their valuable meadow-land,
without question.

  Only their home and eighty acres of
land remained. At first he had tried to be
cheerful in Matie’s presence, but no longer
could he conceal his troubles, for deep lines
appeared in his face like those made by
the floodwaters of a river cutting through
the sands.

  “Joe, why is it that the men from the
mill never come any more to consult you
about anything?” she asked one day.

  “I sold the mill, Matie,” he said trying
to evade her gaze.

  She started. “When?”

  “About a year ago.”

  “Joe, you never said a word to me
about it!” He saw that she was hurt and
offended.

  “I thought it best not to,” he said
simply.

  “Who did you sell to?”

  “Steven.”

  She was thoughtful for a moment.
“Steven is very clever with money mat-
ters. I have heard that he is getting very
rich here. Everyone trusts Steven.
Honesty pays these days.”

  Joe agreed—he had lied to Matie with
his silence; that hadn’t paid him!

  “And you never go up to the brick kiln
any more,” she said. Her words cut
through him.

  “I sold that to Steven, too.”

  She looked at him—just looked. “Joe!”
He saw a glint of tears in her startled
eyes.

  “I sold the bank-stock too,” he said, be-
fore she should drag that guilty secret from
him also.

  “And Steven has the townsite and the
south forty?”

  “Yes,” he confessed. “I had to have the

money. Steven is about the only one in
Stonyville who has money.”

  “What did you need the money for,
Joe?” Matie was one of those old-fash-
ioned women who believe that a husband’s
failure reflects against the wife. She too
had somehow failed!

  He was face to face with that question
at last. Ought he to tell her of his disgrace
and brand her and the children? “I spec-
ulated with the money and lost,” he finally
said.

  She considered a moment. “Did you
give any money to Jack Landon when he
left two months ago?” she asked.

  “I didn’t have any to give him.”

  She dried her eyes bravely. “Well, we
haven’t much left, Joe, but I guess we can
make it yet.” But he had wounded her
sorely, for it was plain that he considered
her a stranger to many of his plans.

  For an hour Joe sat there staring into
space. He thought of flight as a possible
means of cheating Mr. X out of his final
revenge. In the distant land of Australia,
he would have his liberty and Matie and
the children could remain honorable in the
sight of their friends. Mr. X would not
avenge himself against them!

HTHE next demand from Mr. X Joe met
with bold defiance. What little remained
must go to Matie and the children. He
went direct to Steven at the bank and left
a letter for Mr. X, telling him that he
would pay no more. Steven saw the deci-
sion on Joe’s face. His lip tightened.

  “You haven’t given this Mr. X a hold
on you, Joe?” inquired Steven.

  “I have no more money to invest with
Mr. X,” said Joe with disregard of con-
sequences. And' he went home to wait—

wait.....

  Steven was more agitated even than Joe.
He went to the rear of the bank after Joe’s
precipitate departure and opened the let-
ter left for Mr. X. He wrinkled his brow,
and, opening a drawer of his desk, he took
three news-items slightly yellowed with age,
from a box. Those news-items had ap-
peared in a weekly newspaper printed in a.
small village in Illinois, two of them in the
same issue.

  The first read:

  May 10th.—John Baird, one of our most
  promising and ambitious young men, left on
  the morning train for Michigan, where he
  intends to buy a farm. He has long been a
  resident here and we wish him much success
  in his new venture.
BOOK MAGAZINE

107

By C. Francis Burton

 At the bottom of the column appeared
another item of the same date, in an en-
tirely different tone:

    Bill Snooks left suddenly on the evening
  train, but informed none of his few friends
  of his destination. Bill has been a ne’er-do-
  well in our midst for several years and has
  doubtless decided to seek his fortune among
  more gullible people. We regret to say that
  Bill, though a likable fellow, has been mixed
  up in a number of shady deals, and has often
  been accused of too strong a desire to get
  easy money. It is doubtful if we shall ever
  hear of Bill again in this locality.

 The third item appeared the following
week, and probably had given the village
a shock:

    News has just been received of the murder
  of John Baird in a small Michigan town,
  where he recently went to buy a farm. We
  have few details but it seems that John was
  carrying money about with him and was
  sleeping in a barn the night of the tragedy.
  The motive was doubtless robbery, for after
  the brutal killing, the criminal set the bam
  on fire to give the appearance of an accident
  —but the skull found in the ashes bore evi-
  dence of a heavy crushing blow and also
  a bullet-wound. Just as we go to press news
  arrived that the murderer of John Baird has
  been taken into custody and all the money
  recovered. The accused man is a young
  farmer, named Frank Leroy. He lives not
  far from the barn where John Baird had
  gone to spend the night. We hope justice is
  speedily meted out to the guilty man.

 Steven Dale smiled cynically,	took a

piece of paper and hastily typed	a brief

letter addressed to the warden	of the
Michigan penitentiary:

    Frank Leroy, who escaped from prison ten
  years ago, is now living in Stonyville under
  the name of Joe Sommers.

                               Mr. X.

  Late that night when no one was on the
street and after the postmaster had left,
Dale dropped the letter stealthily into the
post office.

  Steven did not sleep well that night. A
faint glimmer of light came into his
room, past the comer of the church.
Where could that light be burning so late
into the night? Mentally he traced its
course over the harness-shop and down
toward the river and that bunch of cotton-
woods. He gave a little start. It was
Joe’s window, no doubt of it—Joe’s sleep
was disturbed by his defiance of Mr. X!
A hideous smile of triumph distorted
Steven’s face.

  Joe expected a threatening demand from
  Mr. X, but none came during the next

few days. Then another possibility troubled
him. He knew that the man who robs you
will ever be a most bitter enemy. Per-
haps Mr. X would feel safer with Joe out
of the way, safely behind prison walls.

  Joe made a determined resolution and
sought Matie. “Matie,” he said abruptly,
“I may be compelled to leave you before
long.”

  She looked ,up, stunned. “Leave me!
What do you mean?” She would have
thought it jokingly said, but for the look
on his face.

  While she listened, rocking the boy
Steven harder and harder, Joe told her his
life’s story, and told her of Mr. X.

  “I should have told you before we were
married, about my escape from prison,
Matie. I did try to, but somehow the
words wouldn’t come.”

  She stopped rocking and swept her
hand across her eyes. “It would have
made no difference. Joe,” she said at last,
bravely.

  “I should have defied this Mr. X at the
very start—but I wanted to save you and
the children.” He looked down at the
sleeping boy. “Neither could I bring my-
self to confess my guilt in concealing the
truth from you all these years. My love
for you held me silent.”

  “I’m glad you didn’t, Joe. But it would
have made no difference.” She looked up
with a start. “Joe, you are not thinking
of running away?”

  He wrenched himself as if to break
some bond holding him. “No,” he said
firmly. “But now you know why I have
never wished to meet people, why I actu-
ally evaded them.”

  “I understand, Joe. Forgive me, but I
wanted you to go to church most of all.
We shall both need God now, Joe.”

  After Joe went to his room, half an
hour’s meditation convinced Matie that
only by divine intervention could Joe be
saved to her and the children. Putting
on her hat and coat, she hurried out.

A BIG, well-dressed, keen-looking man
^ about forty years of age boarded the
upriver stage at Bend and took his place
in the rear seat. Evidently he was a
stranger in those parts, for as the four
cayuses started out across the bridge and
up the dusty road, he watched the passing
scenes with interest. The treacherous road
ran alcfng the rocky bluffs of Pine River
not more than ten feet above the rushing
Mr. X

torrent tumbling over huge boulders. Half-
way up the bottle-necked canon, the moun-
tain scenery in the distance was closed out
by the rugged wall of rocks. He now
turned to his companion in the rear seat,
observing that he had a wooden leg and
that one hand was crippled to the point
of uselessness.

  “Going up Pine Valley to buy land?”
asked Jack Landon casually.

  “Why, yes—if I can find anything that
suits me,” replied the traveler.

  Jack Landon glanced at those soft,
smooth hands, and knew instantly that
this man did not come to buy land or to
make a home in Pine Valley.

  “If you’re looking for land, you want
to see Joe Sommers,” said Jack, craftily,
as a feeler.

  “He’s the very man I am going up Pine
Valley to see,” said the stranger.

  “You’ll meet a fine man in Joe Som-
mers. You find ’em no better anywhere,”
pursued Jack.

  “I have met him.”

  “See that leg?”—Joe extended the stub
of a native pine—“and that hand? Joe
saved a cougar from getting the rest of
me,” said Jack, with enthusiasm.

  “Ah, you owe him very much,” said the
stranger.

  “For that, yes, and a great deal since.
Joe has one of the finest women—”

  “Has he a wife? That’s too bad!” The
stranger caught himself up, and tried to
explain: “Joe Sommers isn’t the kind of
man who should have married.”

  “You wont say that when you see his
two kids.” Jack looked at the stranger
intently.

  But the man only bit his lip thought-
fully. “Children? That’s bad, very bad.
Joe Sommers should have known better.
It’s going to be tough on them when they
grow up.” He frowned and turned to the
scenery, for the bottle-neck was widening
with a distant view of the snow-clad peaks,
jagged and rough in their rugged
grandeur.

  “I guess Joe made a mistake, all right,”
commented Jack Landon, “but the law’s
made bigger mistakes sometimes.”

rTHE right hand of the stranger went to
1 his breast and clutched the handle of
something black. “What do you mean?”
he demanded authoritatively.

  “I mean your going up to get Joe.
That’s his house there, the white one. His

By C. Francis Burton

108

wife had it painted white. See, there where
the Stony comes down through that gash
in the hills and empties into the Pine?
That’s Joe’s house. His kids will be asleep
when we get there.”

  The officer who had come for Joe Som-
mers went direct to the white house, and
rapped. Joe opened the door and he
stepped inside. “I have come to take you
back to prison, Frank Leroy,” he said,
drawing a pair of handcuffs from his
pocket.

  Joe had expected this moment so long
that he was unmoved by the announce-
ment. “I’m all ready, I guess,” he stam-
mered feebly. He was almost glad it was
over—that racking suspense. It had eaten
into his very being.

  “I’d like to see my wife, though, before
you start back down the river. She just
stepped out. This is prayer-meeting night,
and I expect she has gone. She’ll say
fervent prayers tonight, and many nights,”
said Joe, looking down.

  “All right, Frank. It’s too bad you
married and have children.”

  “I’ve got a boy and a girl,” whispered
Joe, almost as a confession of guilt.

  “Tough on them, Frank. I hope they
have a good mother. You are leaving them
a little property?”

  Joe looked up accusingly. “You got a
letter from Mr. X?”

  “Yes.”

  “He got most of my property.”

  Joe was glad that there were but a few
people on the street, that they did not
look up to observe the stranger with him—
but Joe had withdrawn into a shell of
poverty and was no longer interesting to
people.

  It was a little early for prayer-meeting
when Matie left the house, but she wanted
to speak with the pastor at his home.
She hastened to the parsonage, but seeing
a light already in the church thought him
there. She went in and turned up the aisle,
seeing some one kneeling at the altar rail.
It was Steven Dale, who rose to his feet
on hearing her approach.

  “Steven, hasn’t Parson Severens come
yet?”

  He turned when he heard her voice.
“He wont be here tonight, so I came to
lead the meeting,” said Steven, observing
the worry in her face. “You are in
trouble?”

  “Yes.” She was silent a long moment.
“Steven, wont you pray for Joe? I fear
that something terrible is going to happen
to us on account of this Mr. X.”

  She saw an eager desire in Steven Dale’s
eyes that made her tremble. “You will be
all right, Matie,” he said. “If anything
ever happens to Joe, I will protect you.”
“You!” Her eyes flashed. “No, not
you. I don’t want your protection!” She
turned and would have left the church had
not Steven caught her gently by the arm.

“I thought you wished me to pray for
Joe?” he said. She stood a moment, won-
dering if it would do any good for him to
pray for Joe; then she sank to her knees.

  Steven had scarcely begun his inter-
vention for Joe Sommers, in a very low
and unsteady tone, when they heard the
faint sound of steps approaching from the
vestibule entrance. Some one had come
early to the meeting and would take a seat
in the rear. Steven’s invocation continued
in still lower tones. But the intruder came
on up the aisle, one step soft and low, the
other a thud of a wooden leg upon the
carpet in the aisle.

  Steven stopped abruptly, and jumping
to his feet, turned to see Jack Landon
standing before him accusingly. They
looked at each other a full minute—the
tension increasing when Matie also arose.

109

Something in Jack Landon’s face prevented
her from greeting him after two months’
absence.

  “Praying for Joe Sommers, were you,
Steven Dale?” Jack glanced at Matie.

  “Get out of here,” said Steven, flourish-
ing his arms threateningly. “You are an
atheist. You will bring a curse upon me.”
“A curse upon you, Steven Dale?
There’s another prayer you’d better make
before I leave!” said Jack. “You’d better
pray for John Baird, who was thought to
have been murdered years ago.”

  “John Baird!” exclaimed Steven, horror-
struck by this mention of the name he had
borne until he took that of Steven Dale.

  Matie wondered confusedly what it all
meant. These two men had come into her
life from opposite sides, one to draw her
against her will, because he confessed her
God, the other to repel her because he was
said to be an unbeliever.

  “I have been back to Michigan,” said
Jack. “I visited the little town where you
were supposed to have been murdered. T
also visited the little town in Illinois where
you were born. I’ve got three news-items
here in my pocket, Steven Dale. Would
you like to see them? Perhaps you could
tell something about the man who followed
Mr. X

you on the evening train the day you went
up into Michigan to buy a farm.”

  “No—who?” Steven clutched at the air
with his fingers, as if to tear down a pic-
ture that hung before his eyes—a picture
of struggle, of a face distorted in agony.

  So engrossed were the three, that they
did not hear the people coming in to the
meeting, and gathering about that strange
scene instead of taking their seats. Jack
Landon had never before been inside the
church, and his command over Steven Dale
now filled them with amazement. Steven
Dale was crushed, humbled—and the
crippled Jack Landon, who had always
kept his own peace, seemingly held some
strange influence over him.

  The officer now entered with Joe Som-
mers, and approached that little circle
gathered about the altar.

  “Is Mrs. Sommers here?” he asked.

  “I am Mrs. Sommers,” said Matie, step-
ping forward to meet the stranger.

  “Your husband wishes to see you for a
few moments,” he informed her.

  Steven Dale trembled even more than
Matie, for he too understood. “Will you
bring Joe Sommers here, please?” said
Steven, shaking violently.

  Joe stepped forward. He looked from
Matie to Steven, and then to his old friend
Jack Landon, but was too shocked by that
scene to speak even the words he wished
to say to his wife.

  Before the little group, whom he had
so often counseled upon worldly and spir-
itual things, in the presence of those
who had so long admired and revered him
for what he had done, Steven Dale spoke
the words of self-condemnation that laid
him low in their esteem.

  “I am John Baird, Joe, the man whom
you were convicted of killing fourteen
years ago. You had never seen me, but I
knew you the first time I came to Stony-
ville, though I had seen, you only once.
God forgive me now, as I acknowledge my
wrong before you.”

  He looked at Joe.

  “Your mill, brick kiln and everything
else I give back to you, Joe. I will leave
with the officer in your place. I killed
Bill Snooks in self-defense. He followed
me all the way from my home in Illinois,
knowing my careless habits with money.
Those were his bones, not mine, they found
in the barn. I have my defense against the
law—and now I have my defense with God
in my confession.”

Free Lances
in
Diplomacy

      “Cherchez la Femme” pre-
      sents a memorable drama
      wherein the various actors
      clash and connive in a most
      interesting fashion. Mr.

      New is in fine form here.

BEFORE Thomas Clobbam was re-
turned to Parliament from one of the
'East End boroughs, he had done all
his letter-writing himself. Because mem-
bership in labor unions and workingmen’s
societies had given him far more of it
than the average man of the masses gets
in a lifetime, it had materially improved
his diction and ease in expressing himself.
Like most of the labor leaders, he prided
himself upon being a plain man of the
people—kept his bachelor quarters upon
the second floor of an unpretentious house
in Stepney where he was close to his con-
stituents, if not in the same borough—and
dressed as the average workingman does
upon a bank-holiday, even when he spoke
upon the floor of the House. During his
first few months as M-P-, his correspond-
ence naturally increased to such an extent
that he was forced to get one of his polit-
ical henchmen to help him out with it.
But this didn’t work out satisfactorily for
either of them—the temporary secretary
finding it too much of a strain upon his
vocabulary, and Clobbam having to dictate
the wording of too many letters, himself.
He was therefore in a receptive mood when
the other man suggested his getting some
girl from the Board of Trade schools who
had been trained for that-sort of work.

   “It’ll be easier, d’ye see, for a gel like
that to write a lot o’ these letters when
ye’re not standin’ by to correct her, be-
cause she’ll be eddicated for it—possibly

110
Clarence Herbert New

Illustrated by L. R. Gustavson

even better at the trick than you, felley-me-
lad. I’m thinkin’ ye should get her at
once.”

  “I’ve thought of it, Dugan—but, d’ye
see, my people down here may think it’ll
be puttin’-on a bit, if I do it—imitatin’
the toffs, like.”

  “Naw—naw—nothink o’ the sort! If
ye’re a bigger man this day than ye were
awhile back, ’tis thim that made ye so—
they’ll be expectin’ ye to do whatsomever
a bigger man does. ’Tis pride they’ll take,
seein’ ye livin’ an’ actin’ accordin’ to your
station—because ’tis thimselves ye’ll be
represintin’ among thim toffs in the ’Ouse.”

  “Could ye name a girl that would do,
d’ye think?”

  “Well, sir, I’m thinkin’ ye might talk
with the schools super, an’ ask ’im wot ’e
could ricommind. ’E’ll be knowin’ wot ’e’s
got—an’ wot ’e’s ’ad the last year or so.”

IN this way it came about that Stella

*	Tupper was installed as the M.P.’s sec-
retary, occupying a corner of his living-
room with her typing-machine during the
day, and having such meals as she ate in
the house with his elderly, quite respect-
able landlady, below. Usually she went
home by five or six; when she was busy
later than that, the landlady’s eldest son
was always ready to see her as far as the
Tube, or all the way home if she permitted
it. At first there was some comment in the
borough over their Member going outside
for his secretary, but when this got to
Dugan, he promptly gave an explanation
which satisfied everybody and increased
the general respect for their representative’s
common sense.

  “Ye’ll be thinkin’ ’e should ’ave taken
Mary Riordan belike—an’ her so well ed-
dicated for the job. Or Jane Burns—wot?
Well, d’ye see, ’e says to me, ’e says; ‘if
I do that, ’tis Pat Murphy’ll be askin’
w’y didn’t I tike ’is gel—what’s eddicated
as good as Mary. Or mayhap Fred
Thompson, or Steve Grogan would be askin’
me the same—they all ’avin’ fine gels as is
out o’ the schools wi’ fine ricomminds.’
’Twas to save ’ard feelin’ an’ give no cause
for complaint that ’e gits this outsider—
that’s specially ricomminded for the job
by ’er teachers an’ the super.”

  So that was that. As for the girl her-
self, Miss Tupper was really much more
of a “find” than Clobbam had any reason-
able expectation of getting.

  When she had worked for a month with
Clobbam, giving absolute satisfaction in
her secretarial duties, they got down to
a general sizing up of each other one after-
noon when the heat was oppressive and he
suggested knocking off work. She began
by asking some rather direct questions.

  “Mr. Clobbam—what sort of a job was
the first you ever had?”

  “Pushing a car in one of the northern
coal-pits.”

  “And then what?”

  “Sorter—at the screens an’ chutes.
Then pick and shovel on the vein itself.
Foreman, afterward.”

  “And—work for the unions, next?”

  “No. I wished to see what the big out-
side was like—as most lads do. Shipped
before the mast in one of the Liverpool
sailing packets—better than three years.
The master was a tall one for boxin’—
could handle any man on the ship)—en-

111
Free Lances in Diplomacy

112

couraged us to get up sparrin’-matches—
taught us a good bit of the science, d’ye
see.”

  “And gave you the good sportsmanship
of fair-play—which I’ve been rather won-
dering where you got.”

  “Aye—boxin’ will teach a man that, if
he’s straight in other ways. Came a time
—’twas in Brisbane, I mind—that I’d
enough of the fo’c’stle. I went overboard
—dropped off the martingale one night,
swam ashore with my clothes an’ savings
in an oilskin. Made for a sheep-range, up
the Queensland peninsula, owned by an
uncle of mine. He’d not have known me,
of course, but identifying myself was main
easy. I worked a few months on his range.
Nights we talked Socialism, which the old
chap was rather keen about—theoretically.

I told him I’d been in the miners’ an’ sea-
men’s unions—meant to have a go at poli-
tics when I’d worked my way back to Lon-
don—said that conditions at the pits were
not what they should be. He offered to
pay my way home, but I would have none
of that—could have bought passage with
my savings had I been fool enough. Went
down to Sydney an’ shipped in the stoke-
hold of a P. & 0. boat, homeward-bound.
From Tilbury I took a couple of the
greasers up with me for introductions at
one of the locals. With what I’d learned
at the pits an’ picked up at sea, the reading
an’ studying I’d done in my watches below,

I was able to pass a number of the Board
of Trade exams. Could have gone along
up, easily, an’ qualified for a third mate’s
ticket, with a couple of months in naviga-
tion. But the local was needing men of
my sort. They saw I’d a way with me—
before a crowd. So-—from that time—I’ve
been a ‘political ’ off an’ on.”

ND you kept up your reading!” she
commented in some astonishment.

  “Well, d’ye see—I had to. There were
cases every day where I could see it was
giving me advantage. In fact, with a bit of
practice in watching my tongue, I fancy
I might almost—”

  “Go as far as you please? Yes—I fancy
you could—though there’s more to it than
watching your tongue. That’s what started
me asking all these questions, Mr. Clob-
bam.”

  “Well—why? But—we’ll get to that
later. It’ll be my turn now for a few ques-
tions. You come from what we class as
gentlefolk, do ye not, Miss Tupper?”

THE BLUE

  “Not quite. I fancy that’s a bit of a
compliment—the way you put it. My
father was a draper, in a small way—
Southampton. As a girl of ten I rolled
gauze bandages in Dad’s shop. He was
paid for all the Government took and did
rather well at importing other war-material
from the States; but after the Armistice
everybody was too poor to buy new clothes,
and the trade went down to almost nothing
until a man bought Dad out for more than
it really was worth. That paid for our
schooling—his lodge and other insurance
gave us a bit more after his death. I’d
good advice about putting my share in rub-
bers, so that I’ve a bit laid by for a rainy
day aside from what I earn. Of course
we’d women of quality in Dad’s shop every
day, while it lasted; I was naturally ob-
servant—listened to the way they talked,
saw what their manners were like. At
school I took on a few studies which usu-
ally are supposed to be a bit above our
class and paid a woman who was compan-
ion to a titled invalid to coach me in a lot
of the little things a well-bred woman is
supposed to know—and do—or not do.
She had me visit her for a fortnight at
Entlingdean Castle, and her employer took
a lot of interest in me—said I would easily
pass for a well-bred girl. Then—this berth
with you appeared to offer experience which
almost certainly would prove valuable later
on—”

  “As to—how? How far do you expect
to climb? In what way?”

  “Well—if you go as far as I fancy you
can, Mr. Clobbam, your personal secretary,
in time, will be quite valuable to you—
worth a very decent salary, with a con-
stantly increasing acquaintance among the
bigger type of people. If you stop short of
that, my experience with you will have
made me valuable to some other Member
of Parliament, or some man in large in-
dustrial development—and I will have the
political acquaintance to recommend me for
such a berth. You see, I certainly can
be of value to you. If you go up—I go
also. I’ve constantly in mind your interests
first—and my own all the time. You’ll
find me loyal. If the time comes when I
can’t honestly give you that kind of serv-
ice, I’ll say so, flatly—and forget all of
your affairs when we part.”

  “You—er—don’t expect to marry, I
take it? What?”

  “Oh, yes, I do! Every woman does,
sometime—though she may get fooled, at
BOOK MAGAZINE

113

that. But I’ll not be able to care for
any tuppenny man!” Now—why had he
asked her that? Was his interest in her
anything but a business one? And could
she mold such a man to the really big ac-
complishments? “You see, he must have
at least as much ability as I—preferably a
good bit more. I don’t know such a man
now—perhaps I never will. Meanwhile—
I’m rather keen on serving my employer
and myself.”

“rYYE mind saying, girl, just what was
in your mind when we started this bit
of talk—the thought which made ye ask
about my beginnings?” Clobbam queried.

  “No. You’ve sense enough to under-
stand without taking offense. Dugan has
told me you feared your constituents would
fancy you were putting on a bit if you
employed a personal secretary—and what
he said to you about their point of view.
Well, he was qui.te right, was he not?
You’re their representative, they’ve already
made you a big man in a small way—
locally. They’ll be equally pleased to
make you a much bigger man with a wider
sphere of influence—with the full strength
of their backing. You may act up to the
part or not, as you please—but they’ll pre-
fer to have you a good deal less the plain
vorkingman in speech and appearance—a
'ood deal more the type who can meet
the toffs on their own ground—join their
clubs, hear what they talk and think, from
the inside.”-

  “Faith—I’m by no means sure of that,
lass! I fancy ye’ve the wrong notion of
their psychology altogether. If they see
me talkin’ an’ actin’ like the toffs, hobnob-
bin’ with ’em, it’ll make them suspicious
of me—make them fancy I’d sell ’em out
if ’twas made worth the doing!”

  “Why not put it squarely—hear what
they say? Tell them it’s quite possible
that mixing in with the toffs may change
your point of view a bit—but that you’ll
tell them so, man to man, if it does—and
why. Say it will do one of two things—
make you understand the toffs’ side of the
argument and look for something in the
way of a compromise—or else prove to
your satisfaction that their arguments are
all wrong and give you inside information
which may be used against them in behalf
of the workingmen. You’ll find, I fancy,
that as long as you believe yourself to be
straight and honorable, you’ll convince the
majority of your constituents that you are.

By Clarence Herbert New

Begin to doubt yourself—they’ll doubt you
too.”

  “Assume that I find you’re right? What
would you suggest in the way of getting
me to mix in with the toffs on an equal
footing?”

  “First—there’s a consideration which
might not occur to you. The Honorable
Jeremy Smithers and yourself are, in some
quarters, admitted to be among the most
influential leaders in the Labor Party—
the men who have a larger following than
anyone else. It’s difficult to say how this
would prove up, but I fancy it’s not wide
of the mark—there are thirty or forty
miners in the House, but they’d rather
make a row than talk sense. Smithers
copies you in the way he dresses, acts,
speaks among his constituents. He
wouldn’t even get a secretary until your
example encouraged him to do it. So if
you adopt a course to forge ahead and he
drops behind, it will lead to comparisons
between you—make a good many fancy
themselves more certain of his interest in
them than they are of yours. If you go
up, Smithers must travel the same road and
by much the same methods; then there will
be less chance for criticism.”

  “I fancy you make your point—the con-
tingency hadn’t occurred to me. Smithers
an’ I work together very well indeed—
trust each other thoroughly, keep side by
side in our attitude on the floor of the
House. Jolly good team-work—what?
Very good! Smithers is in on the proposi-
tion if he sees it your way. What next?”

  “There is no good reason why you two
should dress as shabbily as you do. It’s
the accepted workingmen’s pose, to be sure,
but there’s no real point to it. Go to a
Bond Street tailor, buy good cloth of a
quiet pattern which he’ll suggest, and
have it cut right. When you get a few
suits like that, don’t make the mistake of
coming down to the East End in the old
ones—come down looking in a way that’ll
make them proud of you. Get used to
riding in a taxi instead of a bus or the
Tube when it will save valuable time and
be less tiresome. Have a good caterer
serve dinner here in this room for you,
Mr. Smithers and myself—every day for a
month. I’ll show you how to use the va-
rious sorts of knives, forks, serviettes—
how to act when you take a lady out to
dine. Then we’ll graduate to dinners in
some of the swell West End restaurants
for another month—where you will both
Free Lances in Diplomacy

114

keep your eyes open to what the men and
women at other tables are doing—how they
are acting. I’ll give you hints as to which
are quite the right sort, and which are
very far from that. Aftenvard we’ll dine
with friends of mine who have acquired
much better taste than the class they were
born in—I think they can manage invita-
tions for you to some of the worth-while
houses. An M.P. is, after all, persona grata
nearly everywhere, you know—if he’s not
too impossible in his manners. All of this
will not run to anything serious in the
way of money. Mr. Smithers is said to
be drawing eight hundred a year from
some patents of his which the collieries
are beginning to use, and you’ve some in-
vestments outside of politics. When you
could both afford it, I would have other
suggestions to make.”

  “Such as—well, what?”

  “You should have a valet—a man who
knows the proper clothes to wear upon
different occasions, who knows what is
good taste and what is simply impossible.
Not a bossy, impertinent sort of man who
would try to make you believe he knew
everything, but one who has served with
the right sort of people and really does
know. Such fellows, when one gets a good
specimen, are valuable for many services
that wouldn’t occur to you.”

LOB BAM had followed the girl closely
—-getting a mental picture of what such
a course of instruction would do for him.

He had formed the habit of intensive study
and wide reading, and knew that Smithers
did something along the same line—
which explained how they had managed to
increase their following among the La-
borites. The proposition tempted him
strongly, but he was determined to sound
his constituents before going very far in
that direction. It might prove a boomer-
ang. Stella Tupper had discounted this in
her own mind, knowing that a man with
his natural ability would go equally far in
other fields if his political following fell
off.

  “Well, lass, I’ll think over what you’ve
said for a day or so. It would be
worth the doing—no question as to that.

I’ll sound ’em a bit on what they look
for in their representative.”

  "Oh! Before I go home, Mr. Clobbam,
there is a letter that came in the morning
post which perhaps you had best read—
in case it may be something of importance.

THE BLUE

It’s from a firm of solicitors in Lincoln’s
Inn—looked rather like a personal matter,
so I didn’t open it/”

  He slit open the long envelope with a
paper-cutter and took out a typed letter
which he slowly read through—and then
reread,_ as though he doubted the facts
which it described in a simple, formal state-
ment which had no appearance of being a
hoax. Miss Tupper, who had been glanc-
ing at his face occasionally, asked if it
were anything serious.

  “Why—aye, in a way. Shock to me, of
course—I really thought a lot of the old
chap—supposed him good for another
twenty years at least. Something wrong
with his heart, they say. My uncle, out
Queensland way, you know. Died three
months ago. Executor instructed to sell
out his sheep-range and other property for
the best price he could get an’ send the
proceeds to me. Solicitors say this has
been done—the money placed in their
hands. They fancy it’ll run to over a
thousand pounds a year—possibly a good
bit over, if well invested.”

  “You’ll take it, of course?”

  “Nothing else to do that I can see! I
was the nearest heir the poor old chap had.
The more remote ones’ll not contest it,
I fancy.”

  “Then I’ll offer one more suggestion
which this money will make quite possible.
Take chambers in some modern apartment-
building near Westminster. When you fin-
ish a sitting at the House after midnight,
it’s a long journey down here to Stepney
—your sleeping quarters should be within
a short walk of Parliament, if possible, and
you should have a better place than this
to receive the big men of any party when
you wish a conference. Get down here in
the East End by nine every morning and
stay until one—meeting your constituents
and borough executives. Keep these rooms,
meet them here as usual—stay the night,
if there is occasion for it.”

THIS was obviously a common-sense sug-
gestion, if he were committed to her
plan at all. It quite appealed to him—
he saw its possibilities in arranging con-
ferences with various politicals. (What a
head the lass had on her, to be sure!
He’d been in luck to get her!) In the
course of two weeks he had determined to
adopt her entire plan, starting the course
of table instruction in the new apartment
where there was no risk of interruption
BOOK MAGAZINE

115

By Clarence Herbert New

or any leakage concerning what they were
up to. At the end of the first month the
results were noticeable and amazing.

  Much to the surprise of both men, they
found that the consciousness of being as
well-dressed as any of the “toffs” in the
House gave them a sense of personal ease
in debate which they never before had ex-

the noticeable difference in his bearing and
leadership was not associated with his
clothes at all. Some of the other Party no-
ticed that his suit, while of much the same
coloring as he had been in the habit of
wearing, was of finer material and perfectly
cut by a sartorial artist, but this elicited
only passing comment.

"Why—I suggested it my-
self! I sometimes carry a
gun—and know how to use
it, if necessary!”

perienced. It permitted a full concentra-
tion upon the subject in hand with no sub-
conscious impression that they were in any
particular at a disadvantage. Although
neither commented upon the fact to the
other, they now realized that the implied
inferiority which, previously, they had re-
sented by extra aggressiveness was probably
an inner conviction that in appearance upon
the floor of a deliberative assembly, com-
parisons with the aristocratic class were
against them. But now, though there
wasn’t the least slackening in the demands
they were making for the Labor Party,
they were able, by keen innuendo and
clever repartee, to hold their own with some
of the ablest spokesmen for the other side.
In fact, Clobbam’s command of subtle ridi-
cule and marshaling of his statements in
an orderly, logical way, more than once
gave him the best of it—drawing prolonged
applause from the galleries and even from
the Members on the benches.

It was a tribute to the excellence of his
tailors and his newly acquired valet that

  This was also noticed by two little groups
in the visitors’ gallery—Stella Tupper being
seated near enough one of them to recognize
the Earl and Countess of Dyvnaint with
two of their more intimate friends and
catch occasional bits of their subdued com-
ments. They, in turn, were near enough
two other men beyond to catch occasional
muttered remarks. One of these two Miss
Tupper knew to be Lord Brilingdean from
his having called upon Clobbam several
times in the past month, but the man with
him was, from his accent, a foreigner. She
couldn’t recall having seen him before.
They had been closely following the points
made by the two leaders on the floor, and
presently appeared to be considering them
more seriously because of their evident
poise.

  “Even stronger t’an a few months ago,
my friend. Yes?” remarked the foreigner.

  “Not much question as to that, I fancy,”
replied Brilingdean, “but I can’t make out
Free Lances in Diplomacy

116

THE BLUE

just what they’ve in mind—ultimately.
There has been a marked change in both,
of late. I never was more surprised than at
Clobbam’s cheek in asking the Marquess of
Arlincom if he could recommend a really
first-class valet’. Fancy! A former miner-
chap—from Stepney, mind you—wantin’ a
valet! Not some bounder out of a berth,
but a gentleman’s man. We three were
discussin’ the debate in a corner of the
lobby—I said I’d give him an address or
two, later, but there was no shuttin’ him
off. He told Arlincorn that his man Mid-
dleton had struck him as bein’ exactly the
right type—hit the old boy in one of his
pet fancies—he thinks Middleton quite a
perfect valet. So he insisted upon havin’
the man look up some one he could recom-
mend an’ send him along to Clobbam.

  “Our friend is really no fool, y’know,”
pursued Brilingdean, “-—fancy he’d the idea
that anyone I sent might be discussin’ his
affairs with me, at times. Well—give Mid-
dleton’s selection credit for the taste in
clothes, and possibly a few other little hints
—that doesn’t explain Clobbam an’ Smith-
ers dining with ladies at the Carlton an’
knowin’ how to handle the tools by their
plates, or the ability to carry on a social
chat without making rather inexcusable
breaks. Of course they’re stronger than
they were! Why not—when they’ve man-
aged to increase their personal value by
more than half? Can’t be that they’re
lookin’ for a knighthood among the next
Birthday honors—’cause there seems to be
no pretext for it, an’ they’d lose a good
bit of their following. There’s a woman
back of all this somewhere—I’m convinced
as to that! But who is she, what her ob-
ject may be, whether she’ll block what we
expect to accomplish through these two or
not—I can’t decide.”

  “Suppose t’ey ’ave discount ze loss
among t’eir following—look for sometheeng
bigger?”

  “You mean they’d sell out? First
place, they’re both straight, if I’m arty
judge of men. They’re better leaders for
the Labor side than they were before—
knowing how to argue against the Con-
servatives along their own lines of attack.
Neither Socialists nor Laborites have any-
thing to complain of so far—quite the re-
verse. But assuming that you may be
right, who would buy their ability—for
what purpose?”

  “It would be a ’eavy blow to ze Labor
men if ze Conservateeve win t’em ovair.

Ze Conservateeve w’ips would pay mooch
for t’at, I theenk.”

  “ ’Twould be a criminal offense, you know
—bribery. No, I fancy none of them
would risk it. But if those two are as am-
bitious as they seem,—not too scrupulous,
as long as they remain within their own
party,—I’m not so sure you couldn’t make
them a proposition, Drinoviev.”

  “Myself, I theenk of t’at. But—I wait
ontil you tell me you ’ave ascertain’ ze of-
fer would be keep in strict confidence—an’
you are sure t’ey would consider heem.
T’ey are of ze Lef’ Wing—mos’ true; but
each wing ’ave ze extreme tip at one end,
an’ ze othair end more solid, nex’ ze cen-
ter.”

rT’HE Earl and Countess had caught but
occasional fragments of this talk, but
were able to guess at what they hadn’t
heard and form some idea of the relations
which might exist between the two men.
Lord Brilingdean was one of those throw-
backs from his own order who openly aided
the Labor Party—an avowed Socialist who
had converted all of his real property ex-
cept one small country estate into cash
which he had invested in rising securities.
It was known that he had materially in-
creased his fortune, and that he had given
large sums to the striking miners, but how
much he actually was worth and how much
he had contributed to labor organizations,
it had been impossible to find out. Miss
Tupper failed to catch these almost whis-
pered remarks between the Earl and Count-
ess:

  “If actual business relations could be
traced out between some Moscow financier
and Brilingdean—eh, George? And if
Clobbam were known to be handling much
larger sums than his recent legacy would
account for? It’s really rather a tempta-
tion to go into this a bit, myself! Might
turn up a lot the Governm’nt should know
—what?”

  What Miss Tupper did catch, however,
between Countess Nan and her two friends
was of sufficient interest to stick in her
memory, though it gave her no hint of
what Her Ladyship had in mind.

  “You’ve met our lovely American friend
Mary Lester, have you not, Helen?” said
Nan. “Lammy has, at all events—he’ll
sing her praises to you half the night if you
let him! A star of the cinema, you know
—over here for a rest. You meet her at
some of the best houses in London—per-
BOOK MAGAZINE

117

fectly charming! Well, here is a situation
she would enjoy immensely—and get a plot
out of it for one of her pictures, whether
there actually is one or not. Suppose she
happens to meet our friends Clobbam and
Smithers of the Laborites down yonder—
and Lord Brilingdean, farther along the
gallery, here—a turncoat peer who is
openly against his own class and order?
Suppose she builds up a supposititious tri-
angle between those three and her lovely
self? What do you fancy would be her
reactions toward them? More particularly
—what would be their reactions toward
her?”

  “Three men—fighting, aggressive ones—
and a woman as beautiful as you say she
is?” replied Countess Nan’s friend. “Coffee
and pistols, I fancy!”

 “Rather intriguing—what? Do you
know, I’m almost tempted—”

  “Yes? To do what?”

  “See that the proper introductions come
about in an apparently casual way—and
watch what happens.”

  “After listening to those two men on the
floor,—quite excellent friends, I’ve heard,

—I fancy it might prove interesting to have
them introduced, and see—how long they
would remain such very good friends. If
they have political relations with Briling-
dean as you rather imply, see how long
those relations continue—eh? (I fancy
you might be rather keen about throwing
a brick into the Radical machinery, Nan
—they certainly don’t play on our lawn!)

I say! Could you induce your beautiful
American to come to me with Lammy for
tea, some afternoon this week? (You’ll
not want to appear in the affair, of course.)
I’ll take her along to one of the houses
where either or all of those men are likely
to turn up. She may not see as much
in the proposition as you do—”

  “But—she will! It’s the sort of a
tangle she’s frequ’ntly done on the screen
—and she’ll enjoy pitting her wits against
theirs to see how hard-headed they may
prove to be. I’ll make a bit of a wager
with her—just to get what she would call
‘more kick’ out of the affair.”

  Stella Tupper went home that night with
rather mixed feelings. She was positive
that neither Lord Brilingdean nor his Mus-
covite friend had caught a word of this.
Having missed the murmured remarks be-
tween Countess Nan and the Earl, she
hadn’t the least suspicion of anything po-
litical in what that popular lady was plan-

By Clarence Herbert New

ning with the Baroness. The name Mary
Lester was not familiar to her until she saw
a picture at the cinema in which the lady
appeared. It was supposed, of course, to
be none of Stella’s affair who the Labor
leader met in society, or how any particular
woman affected him. But for the present,
at least, Clobbam’s interests were her inter-
ests; and she was beginning to feel an
increasing liking for the man. As to Bril-
ingdean, Stella would have been well
satisfied to see a break between him and
Clobbam. His Lordship was beginning to
give her an impression of an unscrupulous-
ness which made him a dangerous man to
be associated with—though she had no ac-
tual proof of occurrences she thought might
have been traced to him.

P'LOBBAM’S first impression after meet-
^ ing the most beautiful woman he ever
had seen, at a house in Park Lane, was that
something not in the least understood had
happened to him. For an hour he didn’t
associate it with her—the introduction had
been too obviously casual for any prear-
rangement. Then he caught a glimpse of
her going into the conservatory before the
other guests had come back from the sup-
per-room—and followed. She was seated
in a niche behind some low palms, and
moved her draperies aside to make room for
him—and even at the risk of giving of-
fense, he couldn’t avoid drinking in the ex-
quisite loveliness of her. Although he
hadn’t connected the undercurrent of gos-
sip with her before, he now realized that
she must be the beautiful American whom
all of the guests were talking about in terms
of thorough appreciation—even the women.
It seemed like telepathy when she presently
asked with a dimpling smile:

   “Are you really a bit unusual, Mr. Clob-
bam—or is my imagination crediting you
with qualities outside of your equipment?”
“Why—er—fancy your asking that! It’s
rather like what I’ve been wondering about
you, d’ye see—ever since we were intro-
duced—though possibly I didn’t realize it
until now. Of course there’ll be nothing
unusual about me, that’s pure imagination!
Very complimentary of your mind to work
that way, I’m sure. I’m just the ord’n’ry
Member from a workingmen’s borough—
with my work cut out, I’ll assure you. But
in your case there’ll be something I’ve not
noticed in other women. Not a ladies’
man, d’ye see—experience almost altogether
with men of the rougher type. So possibly
Free Lances in Diplomacy

I’m overstepping the conventions by put-
ting it so bluntly that I’ve had you in
mind the whole evening. In some of my
reading on psychology, I remember ’twas
stated that certain types of men always are
attracted by as definite types among
women. However—pardon me—I fear I’m
not int’resting you.”

  “You’re complimenting me rather plain-
ly, Mr. Clobbam, but I’m honest enough
to admit that it’s not offensive—within rea-
sonable limits. Suppose I return the ball?
If you’re just the average M.P. from the
East End, as you say, how do you account
for the noticeable change in your manner,
your appearance, your grasp of debate on
the floor, during the past three or four
months? I’ve been in the visitors’ gallery
several evenings since I came to London a
few months ago.”

   “If there really is any difference, I fancy
I must give the credit to my secretary Miss
Tupper. After she had been in my employ
a month or two, it must have occurred to
her that I needed overhauling, in spots. At
all events, I saw that things I said and
did appeared to annoy her. Out of curi-
osity I asked why—and she didn’t hesitate
overmuch about telling me. I didn’t need
to question how she knew she was right,
because her manner, speech and actions
showed that she knew the difference be-
tween good and bad taste. So I said I’d
take no offense if she went as far as she
pleased—with a deal of plain-speaking.
My word! I got some of it—no doubt!”
“You must have had exceptional luck,
Mr. Clobbam—the girl evidently is a won-
der! Do you know, I’d like to meet her
some day, if it wont inconvenience you?”
“Nothing would give me greater pleasure,
Miss Lambton! ” he exclaimed, as he began
to see possibilities of tetes-a-tete with this
lovely woman.

  “We have luncheon at my chambers ev-
ery day when I return from Stepney—
about half after one—sometimes with one
or two of the Members dropping in, some-
times quite by ourselves, when there is
important work to be gone over. I fancy
it would be conventional enough with her
as chaperon. What?”

   “Oh, I never consider trifles of that sort.
In the States a woman can usually take care
of herself and her reputation—especially
if she is before the public in any way.”
“Which reminds me! May I ask if you
ever are known by another name, Miss
Lambton?”

THE BLUE

118

  “What gave you that impression?”

  “Well—I saw one of the American pro-
ductions at the cinema the other night, in
which the star was Miss Mary Lester—
they claim over there that she is the most
beautiful woman on the screen or stage.
And—er—if you are not Mary Lester, you
must be her twin sister! Really, you know,
you couldn’t convince me that you’re not!”
“I’ve been taken for her by a number of
people. If you fancy I’m Mary Lester, I
sha’n’t bother to argue the matter with
you. I was christened Lucy Lambton when
a couple of weeks old—so you’re quite safe
on that name, at least. When am I to
lunch with you and Miss Tupper?”
“Tomorrow, if you’ll be so good. I’ll
put over a couple of Members for another
week, or meet them somewhere else! ”

CHE smiled openly at this as she said:
“See here, Mr. Clobbam! Have you a
strain of American blood? Aren’t you a
bit rapid for an Englishman? I didn’t
know they could think that fast! I’d like
to have the lunch with you as soon as I can
arrange it—but there are a few engage-
ments of my own, you know. And tomor-
row I’m motoring down with Lord Briling-
dean to his estate in Bucks.”

  “Brilingdean, eh? It hadn’t occurred to
me that you knew him. House-party, I
suppose?”

  “Not unless it’s a very small one. He
said that some of the county people usu-
ally dropped in for the evening when he
was known to be at the place, but we’re
motoring down by ourselves. I fancy it
must be a lovely old house, from his de-
scription,—it was hinted to me that he
might eventually sell it as he has sold all
of his other property. Might be something
I’d like to purchase, you know.”

  “H-m-m—I rather doubt if it comes up
to your expectations. His ancestral castle
in Wales was a much more beautiful place
—I’ve heard an Argentinian gave him twice
what it was worth. I wonder if you would
humor me a bit, Miss Lambton? Cheeky
to ask upon so short acquaintance, of course
—but there’s really an excellent reason for
it.

  “Tell Brilingdean you’d rather he’d take
at least one other couple down with you.
Americans find it very difficult to under-
stand the difference in viewpoint between
the two countries. A woman can motor
half the night with a chap over there and
spend the rest of it in a ranch-house with-
BOOK MAGAZINE

119

By Clarence Herbert New

out really serious comment—though one
doesn’t quite understand how she does it
without getting into difficulties. But over
here—well, it’s done at times, but with a
vast deal of personal risk. It would be un-
pleasant, for example, if you found your
invitations to our best houses rather unac-
countably dropping off, d’ye see. All this
is no reflection upon Brilingdean, whom I

movements about the suite—putting the
evening-clothes upon hangers, the shoes on
their trees, laying out pajamas. One ab-
sorbs luxurious habits very quickly, and his
mind was full of smoky brown hair, dark
eyes, the most perfect nose and lips in the
whole world. He was tempted to ask his
man what he knewr about her, but shrewd
enough vaguely to understand that the sort

There came a
knocking on the
door—the wom-
en barely had a
chance to pick up
their belongings
and disappear.

know very well—except that he knows he
shouldn’t have suggested such a thing to
you.”

  “Why—I suggested it myself! I some-
times carry a gun—and know how to use it
if necessary!”

  “Well—if you killed a man in the States
and were brought into court looking as you
do this evening, probably any jury in the
country would acquit you. It’s a habit of
theirs over there. But in England you’d
have to prove it self-defense or you’d hang
—no argument about it. And deliberately
putting yourself into the compromising po-
sition would weigh quite heavily against
you. It’s really much the easier way to
avoid the dangerous situations.”

  “In that case, I think I’ll make some ex-
cuse to His Lordship and accept your
luncheon-invitation for tomorrow. I’ve
rented a nice little house in Chelsea for the
season—come for me there at one, if you
will—I have my own car.”

  Back in his chambers, Clobbam was
scarcely conscious of his valet’s noiseless

of man he was trying to be does not discuss
his women friends with even well-trained
servants.

  “Monkton!” The man came noiselessly
in with his dressing-robe.

  “Yes sir?”

  “One of my friends is having luncheon
with Miss Tupper and me at half after
one tomorrow. I shall have her put over
to some other time the Members who were
to be here—and you will see that I have
no other callers until four at the earliest.
Er—could you think up a not too elaborate
menu which would be exactly right? I’m
rather keen upon having it something be-
yond criticism—flowers in the best taste, all
that.”

  The man bowed.

  “With your permission, sir, I will see
the Honorable Mr. Smithers’ man before
breakfast and ascertain what he served for
Mr. Smithers and a lady from the American
cinema on Tuesday—so there will be no
Free Lances in Diplomacy	By Clarence Herbert New

120

chance of following it too closely if your
lady should happen to know the other
party. It was to have been very much the
sort of luncheon you describe, sir—not too
elaborate, but quite unusual. Then—if you
permit the suggestion, in a maimer of
speaking—it will be most excellent prac-
tice if you block out for me what you your-
self fancy would be about right, sir. You
are showing very good taste in certain
ways, sir—may be ordering for a party of
ladies in one of the smart restaurants al-
most any evening, so that a nice discrimina-
tion in this line will come in very handily.
If I think you are in error at any point,
you will doubtless permit my calling atten-
tion to it. Icing a vintage Burgundy, for
example, is a mistake one quite too fre-
quently notices in those who are inexperi-
enced.”

W/HEN the man had left him Clobbam
felt a vague sense of disillusionment.
The lady whom Monkton had so discreetly
referred to as having lunched with Smithers
could be nobody else but Miss Lambton.
As far as he knew, there was no other
American cinema-star receiving invitations
to the very best London houses at the time
•—none who would attract Smithers’ notice
to the extent of getting her to lunqh with
him in his chambers—properly chaperoned,
of course. No denying that her beauty and
fascinating manner would attract any man
lucky enough to interest her—he certainly
couldn’t hold that against old Jeremy. But
he very much wished that he had known
her for some time, first.

  Next morning, he was driven down to
Stepney an hour earlier than usual and
had returned by ten—finding Stella Tupper
at work upon the mass of correspondence
and political documents in his study. He
asked her if she ever had seen or heard of
an American by the name of Lambton.
The name was vaguely familiar to her from
the social columns of the gazettes, but that
was all. He gave her some description of
what had happened during the previous
evening and the luncheon-appointment for
that afternoon—saying the lady had ex-
pressed a desire to meet her, after hearing
what she had done for him. Stella experi-
enced a warm thrill at the man’s honest
decency in speaking of this to a stranger—
wondered if she was occasionally in his
thoughts, after all. Then he went on to de-
scribe the lady’s beauty, his blocking Lord
Brilingdean’s insulting invitation—and sus-

picion came streaking through the secre-
tary’s mind.

  “You say Miss Lambton is an American?
Are you quite sure that is her real name?”
“As it happens—yes. She is known in
the cinema as Mary Lester.”

  “Oh! I saw her in one of the American
pictures last week—no wonder you’re
rather batty over her looks! I fancy about
a million other men are even worse! And
she’s really coming here in a couple of
hours? My word! I’m very highly com-
plimented!” Knowing what she did, Stella
was nothing of the sort, but she thought
it better sportsmanship not to tell him what
she knew. “And really—I’m delighted that
you blocked His Lordship so handily! I
detest that man! Hate him worse every
time he comes here! He’s up to something
dangerous, somewhere—though I can’t im-
agine what it is!”

  “Why? Do you know anything at all
against his character?”

  “Yes. It may be to the advantage of the
Labor Party and playing your game for
him to betray his own class and come over
to extreme Socialism, give your organization
large contributions—all that, but a man
who will do it out of pique against his own
order, or for petty personal spite, will betray
his country and his government to for-
eigners with just as little hesitation! I’m
told that he has contributed thousands of
pounds—yet I happen to know of one case
where he evicted a tenant who had a bed-
ridden mother and a dying sister—turned
them out upon the road with what little
furniture they had! I can’t see how any
workingman can take a shilling from a man
like that! And he’s seen going about with
too many foreigners to please me—one or
two Russians, particularly.”

  “H-m-m—you’re giving pretty good rea-
sons for my instinctive dislike for the chap,
Stella. I’d not heard of that affair with
his tenants, nor of his hobnobbin’ with the
Russians—but I’ve received from him sums
for our political organizations far in excess
of what it seemed he could have realized
from the sale of his property, though ’tis
said he made a deal by speculation.”

A LITTLE later Stella found Miss
Lambton charming—as much so in her
winning manner as in the artistic beauty
of her face. Knowing of Countess Nan’s
suggestion concerning a wager, and that the
girl had deliberately arranged an acquaint-
ance with these three men to see what
ft	self in the

          private door!
mf	Listen — but

W	don’t make a

t1'	sound I"

sort of a dramatic plot their reactions might
suggest to her, the secretary was quite sure
that the lady had no serious intentions with
Clobbam. Her admirers were far too nu-
merous, wherever American pictures were
shown, for that. And if Clobbam were
singed a bit in the game—well, eventually
he would make his admiration platonic with
as good grace as he might. All three were
liking each other better with each passing
moment, and thoroughly enjoying the mas-
terpiece which the Member and Monkton
had concocted between them, when the
house-telephone rang sharply. Monkton
answered it—saying that his employer
would be engaged until four and pos-
itively could see nobody until that time.
He recognized the voice at the other
end, however, and finally was forced
to whisper in Clobbam’s ear that Lord
Brilingdean was in the lobby, insisting
upon coming up—a matter of importance
which must be settled before certain men
took the boat-train for Dover that after-
noon. As they had practically finished
their luncheon, Stella suggested that she
and Miss Lambton retire to the study until
Clobbam succeeded in getting His Lordship

out. While they were considering this
there came an insistent knocking upon the
door—and the two women barely had a
chance to pick up their belongings and
disappear before Monkton had to open it.

  Clobbam was very much out of humor
at all this, and remained standing when
Brilingdean came in.

   “I trust this wont happen again, Briling-
dean! The house manager has seen you
coming up to my diggings so frequently
that I fancy he supposed it must be quite
all right when you insisted—but he’ll get
his orders from me pretty straight after
this! Now tell me wThat you wish—and
then take yourself off for the present. I’m
annoyed, I assure you!”

   “Really—I cawn’t say I relish your tone,
Clobbam! ” This with a cold, contemptuous
stare. “Particularly, when I’ve put myself
out gettin’ here to do you a service! I say!
Where’s that girl? In yonder? Have her
out! Send her away for an hour or two!
What I have to say is strictly confidential
—I’ll take no chance of bein’ overheard
by anybody! An’ there may be others here
to confer with us, later.”

  This was a proposition which Clobbam
didn’t relish at all—seeing the obvious posi-
tion in which it would place Miss Lambton
if she were discovered in the study. But
a thought occurred to him the next mo-
ment, so amusing that it was difficult to
Free Lances in Diplomacy

1

Keep it from showing in his face. Calling
Stella out c f the study, he lockedthe door
and shovedthe key in his pocket—telling
her of Brilingdean’s request. But when he
let her out, he stepped into the hall for a
second and slipped another key into her
hand, whispering: “Go around to the little
side passage and let yourself in the private
door! Listen—but don’t make a sound!”

YP7HEN he returned, His Lordship had
made himself comfortable in a chair by
the window and had lighted a cigar.

  “Clobbam! You probably understand
that I am but one of several men in the
Upper House who sympathize with the
aims of your party and are willing to help
it as extensively as our means permit—a
good bit more than you’ve received from us
yet. In discussing the present situation, we
believe it will not serve your interests or the
political conditions we wish to see brought
about if the miners’ strike is settled along
any of the lines under discussion. We all
thought a blunder was made when you
called off the big strike awhile back—but
admitting for argument that the time
wasn’t quite ripe for a show-down, we are
certain that another opportunity will very
shortly occur in which you must push the
advantage, even with extreme measures.
Now, it’s said that you received a legacy
a few months ago, but it probably wasn’t so
large that you would be averse to having
your income increased still more—quite
materially more. Eh? Of course not! No
man would! You’re valuable to us as a
leader—you’re handling contributions hon-
estly, without bond—and you’ve received
no consideration for these services. But
unquestionably you’re entitled to it—
Smithers also. Very good! In a nutshell
•—if we make you both handsome allow-
ances for personal and political expenses,
will you be advised by us in pushing ad-
vantage home when you get it? Will you
distribute for us sufficiently large sums to
keep the strikers and their families in more
or less comfort while they are out of em-
ployment?”

  “How large sums—for example?”
  “Millions—if they are needed!”

  “Who’s giving them? Where are they
Coming from?”

  “That’s none of your affair—as long as
you get them!”

  “I differ with you as to that! British
money might be permissible—to the ex-
tent of preventing actual want among starv-

THE BLUE

ing families. Foreign money is something
else again. There are no labor organiza-
tions in the world in possession of any such
millions to give us. Russian money to fo-
ment and maintain chaotic trade disturb-
ance in Britain is obviously unacceptable.
Every penny you give us must have an hon-
est pedigree before we accept it. We’ll
know precisely where it comes from!”
“Clobbam—you’re a fool! You’re stand-
ing against your own best interests—
and you’re in no position to take that tone
with me! Ten thousand pounds was what
we had in mind for your personal expenses
—more if you thought ’twas needed. And
we’re asking nothing but what you’re
preaching on the floor of the House. Are
you merely bluffing—up there?”

  “No—we’re trying adequately to repre-
sent the workingmen of the United King-
dom. All of them! Not—one little group
of soreheads! We really aren’t getting
anywhere, Brilingdean, and you’ll have to
excuse me now—I’m busy this afternoon.”
Brilingdean sneered openly.

  “Suppose I refuse to budge until you’ve
listened to reason from others who are com-
ing? We’re quite in earnest, Clobbam!
We’ll certainly break you if we’re antago-
nized too far!”

  “I’ll not listen to anyone else on this
subject—which is out-and-out criminal
bribery. And if you don’t leave my dig-
gings, I’ll forcibly put you out of the build-
ing!”

  “Are you able to do that?”

  “Quite!”

  “At the risk of my stating that you were
lunching here alone with a very beautiful
woman who had made a previous engage-
ment with me—that you are neglecting
Party interests, selling out your constitu-
ents because of an infatuation which makes
you useless for anything else?” He held
up a dainty glove which he had picked
from the floor under the table. Clobbam’s
eyes blazed for a moment—and then he
laughed.

  “Why—aye—you rotter! If I must take
that risk, 1 suppose I must—though I’ll be
sorry for you if anything comes of it.
You’ll not get out of hospital for some
time! You see, you insisted upon my send-
ing Miss Tupper out, but nothing was said
concerning our guest—who has doubtless
overheard every word of your proposition
to me. After your insulting suggestion to
her for this afternoon, I rather doubt if
she will feel like shielding you at her own
BOOK MAGAZINE

By Clarence Herbert New

123

expense. Frankly, what you have been
talking is out-an’-out treason against His
Majesty’s Government, you know—”

JUST then, there came a loud and
nervous rapping upon the door. When
Clobbam opened it, Smithers hurried in—
looking rather upset when he saw His Lord-
ship there—and then somewhat relieved.

  “Hmph! Glad I found you together!
Now we’ll be going into this a bit—confi-
dentially! Has he made any proposition
to ye, Clobbam?”

  “Merely tried to bribe me with Russian
gold—stolen gold, at that! Tried to force
us into using it against our own Govern-
ment!”

  “Ye’re sure of that, are ye, Tom? How
are ye so?”

  Brilingdean held up the glove—passed
it over to Smithers.

  “Perhaps from the lady who dropped
this glove. She’s a Yankee! Americans
don’t care what they say—never bother
about the proof!”

  “It’s a liar ye are, Brilin’dean! Where
got ye this glove? An’ when?”

  “Under that lunch-table—just now. She
was lunching with him all by herself when
I came up—he’d only time to lock her into
the study yonder! Let’s have her out—
eh?”

  Clobbam took the key from his pocket
and unlocked the door—in which the two
women appeared, with disgust plainly show-
ing in their faces as they looked at the rot-
ter by the window, who was giving an ex-
cellent representation of a man seeing more
than he bargained for. Smithers under-
stood at once that no possible impropriety
could be charged against Miss Lambton or
her host, with Miss Tupper to chaperon
them—but the idea of her lunching with
his confrere in this intimate way upset him
more than anything had for some time.

  As for Brilingdean, he contemptuously
felt that these two meddling clods had
done him out of a piece of goods so fine
and desirable as to be entirely out of their
class—or reach. After he and Smithers
had left the building, Miss Lambton con-
fessed to her hosts that she had made their
acquaintance, at first, with the idea of see-
ing what would happen in such a mix-up
when it was evident that each of the men
had been paying her devoted attention—
but she added, with a smile:

  “I think my experiment has done your
Government a service, Mr. Clobbam, even

if you feel that I shouldn’t have taken this
liberty with you. Some of your Foreign
Office men were telling me last month that
they knew large amounts of Russian mon-
ey were being used throughout England,
but that they had no way of proving its
use for actual conspiracy against your Gov-
ernment. From what I heard this after-
noon, however,—and Miss Tupper took
down in shorthand,—you’ve got that turn-
coat, Brilingdean, with the goods, as we
say in the States. Those notes, with our
sworn affidavits, will be in Downing Street
within the hour! They’ll probably be sat-
isfied to send the scoundrel out of the
country, I suppose—but my friends the
Trevors will publish the facts in full,
through the news syndicate they control.
As for you, Mr. Clobbam—let me say that,
while I don’t agree with your political
views, I consider myself honored by the
friendship of one who has made himself a
gentleman of character and integrity
against rather staggering handicaps. You’ll
remain my friend, I hope, for many years.
Miss Tupper will agree to that, I trust?”
“Yes—heartily! But I fancy it had best
be ‘hands across the sea.’ He’ll not do
much political work or see anything in
other women as long as you’re in England.
To a man with a political future before
him, you’re a catastrophe, Miss Lambton!”

A FTER the two left the Foreign Office
that afternoon, Miss Lambton dropped
Stella Tupper at her lodgings and was
then driven to the famous Jacobean man-
sion of Earl Trevor in Park Lane
where she disappeared in the upper regions
—where “Miss Lambton” completely dis-
appeared until there should be some other
occasion for resurrecting her. In the big
library after dinner, Countess Nan gave her
husband and their two old friends a de-
tailed account of her impersonation. When
they had stopped laughing, Earl Lammer-
ford summed up these results:

  “You’ve exposed the channels through
which the Russian gold was being distrib-
uted, Nan—and plugged it up for a while
at least. You’ve sown dissension among
the ablest leaders the Laborites have on
the floor of the House—and you’ve shown
the decentest one of the lot that his own
secretary may prove better wifely material
than even the most beautiful woman in
America—in the long run. Faith—I fancy
you might consider this the end of a per.
feet day. What?”
The Tub

Plays Sheik

By

E. Whitman
Chambers

 A FOOL will rush in and crash the
 gate while an angel is waiting in
 line at the box-office.

    That corrupted proverb explains, in a
 measure, how I came to start out on a tour
 of the National Parks with two such hair-
 brained idiots as the Eel and the Tub,
 christened respectively Johnny Holt and
 Fenwick Dallmoreton Lurb. I was a fool
 —no sane man would have gone a mile
 with them.

    The matter first came up the day after
 commencement. I was busily packing my
 sheepskin and my knickers, anxious to get
 home and hang out my shingle proclaim-
 ing myself a full-fledged attorney, when my
 two classmates burst furiously into my
 room.

“Pack your clothes, Grant,” the Eel or-
dered. “We’re leaving in the morning.”

    I surveyed Johnny’s lank frame scorn-
 fully for a moment, as he draped himself
 snakily over the back of a chair.

   “No, you’re wrong. I’m leaving to-
 night,” I told him.

   Fenwick Dallmoreton Lurb thrust his
 fat, cherubic countenance in front of mine
 and grinned sagely. “Don’t contradict us,

"About nine o’clock Miss
Carson comes over. Nothin’
would do but I come and eat
a couple of quail.’’

  Grant. You are leaving in the morning—
  with us.”

    “How interesting!” I murmured without
  interest. “And where are we going?”

    The Eel straightened up and told me
  briskly, with much waving of his angular
  arms. “You and me and the Tub are
  going to make a tour of the National Parks
  together in my car. We are going to take
  in Yosemite Valley, Grand Canon, Mesa
  Verde Park, Yellowstone and Crater Lake.
  We shall be gone three months and shall
  cover approximately five thousand miles.
  Between you and me, it will be quite a
  frolic, besides being a liberal education.
  And heaven knows, the Tub and I need
  some kind of an education. We didn’t
  seem to acquire much here.”

    “And who, might I ask, will pay our ex-
  penses for this five-thousand-mile trip?” I
  asked coldly.

    “The Belmont Motor Company,” Johnny
  Holt declared pridefully.

    “Elucidate, Johnny!” I ordered.
  “Here’s the dope,” the Eel plunged on
  enthusiastically. “My dad is the proud
  owner of a Belmont automobile. I have
  just been in conference with the Pacific
  coast sales-manager of the Belmont Com-
  pany. He offered to give me one thousand
  dollars in cold, hard cash, if I would drive
  our Belmont over the Meyers grade into
  Lake Tahoe before any other car this sea-
  son. The road is closed by snow now, of
  124
The Tub Plays Sheik	By E. Whitman Chambers

125

course, and I’ve heard that there are three
or four cars up there near the summit, all
ready to dash over as soon as the snow
melts a little.

  “Naturally, it means a lot to an auto-
mobile company for their car to be the
first over the summit. You’ve seen the big
page ads that come out in the newspapers
every spring: ‘Sturdy Gazook Four is first
car over Meyers grade. Battling snow and
ice and mud, this stanch, reliable car
reaches Lake Tahoe on its own power.
Competitors for honor left stranded in
snow.’ You’ve seen the ads, Grant. You
know how they run. Only this year it will
be the sturdy Belmont which wins the
ground-glass headache tablets. And she’ll
be driven by John Holt.”

'"THE Eel threw out his chest pridefully.
  “Not bad, eh, kid?”

  I nodded skeptically.

  “And what makes you think you can
beat all these other cars?”

  “Ah!” Johnny was very mysterious.
“That’s the secret. We’ll beat ’em. You
can lay your money on that. I have an
idea which is bound to be a winner. And
the thousand bucks will carry us on this
tour of the National Parks which the Tub
and I have worked out at the expense of
much mental effort.”

  “A thousand will never do it.”

  “Course it will.”

  “But think of the hotel bills for three
men. The meals, to say nothing of gas
and oil and tires.”

  “We’re going to camp out.”

  “And sleep on the ground?”

  “Under the stars,” the Tub put in ro-
mantically.

  “And over a lot of rocks which pierce
holes in the small of your back,” I added
without enthusiasm.

  “In God’s great out-of-doors,” the Tub
remarked, in no way discouraged.

  “My room at home is much more com-
fortable.”

  “The great, virile West, where men are
men,” the Tub persisted.

  “If you’d show me some place where
men are tadpoles or ground-hogs, I might
be interested in the contrast.”

  “Ah, but think of it, Grant,” Fenwick
Dallmoreton Lurb continued raptly. “Out
in God’s great open spaces, birds trilling in
the tree-tops, the soft murmur of moun-
tain streams, the fresh smell of the pines,
the low sigh of the night wind, the—”

  “Soggy flapjacks after a hard night on a
harder ground,” I finished.

  “Don’t pay any attention to the Tub,”
Johnny cautioned. “He’s not responsible.
You just listen to me. You crave educa-
tion, Professor. You’re that kind of a
misguided mortal. And what man’s edu-
cation can be complete without a knowl-
edge of nature’s wonders? We’ll see ’em
all, Grant. And we’ll have our expenses
paid in the bargain. It’s an opportunity
of a lifetime. You can’t afford to pass it
up.”

  “But I don’t like camping and poor
cooking and hard beds and long auto trips
and dust and heat and mosquitoes,” I ob-
jected strenuously. “Now why not be sen-
sible? You two boys go ahead. I appre-
ciate your invitation to go along. I’m
really very grateful. But you don’t need
me. I’d only be in the way. You’d have
a much better time without me. I wasn’t
made for the strenuous life.”

  The Eel turned decisively toward the
door.

  “We’re leaving in the morning, Grant,”
he said calmly. “Leave everything to me
in the way of outfit and supplies. All you
need to bring is a change of underwear.”
He threw open the door. “Come on, Tub.
Let’s breeze. Grant’ll come, all right. E
know him.”

  “Now listen, Johnny,” I pleaded. “Give
me a few days to think this thing over.”
But Johnny, having pushed the Tub out
into the hallway, answered only by slam-
ming the door.

I WILL admit right here that I must be
weak-minded. Certainly there is no
other explanation for the fact that I found
myself on the following morning wedged
between Eel and the Tub in the front seat
of an automobile which was racing swiftly
in the general direction of the Sierra Ne-
vada mountains.

  Unused as I was to the wild brand of
driving affected by Johnny Holt, it was
a long time before I dared draw a deep
breath. When at last we were compelled
to wait for a freight-train to cross the high-
way, I glanced about the car and took
stock of my surroundings. Escape, I saw
at once, was impossible. With Fenwick
Dallmoreton Lurb’s great bulk barring one
door and the Eel barring the other, I knew
that any attempt to dive from the car to
the comparative safety of the pavement
would be promptly frustrated.
The Tub Plays Sheik

  The tonneau, I saw, was piled high with
a miscellaneous assortment of luggage and
camping equipment, heaped in heteroge-
neous disarray. Strapped on the fenders
next to the driver were four boards, quite
heavy and some twelve or fourteen feet
long. On one side of each board, along
both edges, thick strips of wood had been
nailed. On the other side, a large number
of heavy spikes protruded.

  I glanced ahead, saw that the road was
still blocked and broached a question.
“What is the idea of the boards?”
Johnny smiled blandly, one hand leav-
ing the wheel and patting the planks.

  “The boards, my dear Professor, are to
aid the sturdy Belmont over the summit
of the Meyers grade.”

  “Those spikes are apt to be rather tough
on tires,” I suggested.

  “For a Phi Beta Kappa man, you show
truly remarkable powers of reasoning,” the
Eel returned. “The spikes, Professor, will
be placed in the snow and will prevent the
planks from slipping when the sturdy Bel-
mont runs along them. Those strips of
two-by-two on the other side form a sort
of a groove and prevent the sturdy Bel-
mont from slipping off said planks.”

  “I am beginning to comprehend. The
machine is to run over the snow on those
four planks.”

  “Exactly, Professor. They will be laid
down end to end. The sturdy Belmont
will run onto the forward set. Then you
and the Tub, working on opposite sides,
will carry the rear set and place it up
ahead. The maneuver, you understand,
may be repeated indefinitely.”

  “Cheerful prospect—for the Tub and
me,” I commented.

  “Not so bad as you think. There wont
be more than ten or twenty miles of snow
to travel in that manner,” Johnny an-
swered encouragingly. “Say forty hours
traveling time. Two days.”

  “Working twenty hours a day,” the Tub
groaned.

  “It’ll do you good,” Johnny grinned
easily. “And think of the thousand bucks
that means three months in God’s great
out-of-doors, the virile West, where men
are men.”

  “Aw, dry up,” the Tub moaned wearily.

AT six o’clock that evening the sturdy
Belmont pulled into the town of Plac-
erville. Johnny drew up to the curb and
stopped.

THE BLUE

  “We might as well camp for the night
just outside of town,” he told the Tub and
me. “I’ll hop out and buy a couple of
steaks for supper.”

  The Tub pointed a pudgy finger across
the street. “That looks like a pretty good
restaurant,” he suggested hopefully.

  “Yes, yes, go on.”

  “I was thinking we might take on a lit-
tle fodder here in town. I aint very keen
about your cooking.”

  “And spend four or five dollars when I
can get a perfectly good meal for about
a dollar and a half?” the Eel came back
disgustedly. “Not a hope. You two birds
just keep your seats. We got to econo-
mize.”

p\INNER that night was rather a sorry
affair to all save Johnny Holt—who,
the Tub averred, had been born with a
cast-iron stomach which had been case-
hardened in maturity by synthetic gin. I ad-
mitted without undue urging that the meal
was an atrocity, a conglomeration that
would have made even a starving Arme-
nian turn up his nose in disgust.

  “Aw, gimme a chance,” the Eel growled
finally. “I have to practice up a little,
don’t I?”

  “Sure. Practice your head off,” the fat
youth urged. “We wont care, so long as
you don’t practice on us.”

  “Then suppose you do the cooking?”
Johnny blazed.

  “Fair enough! I’ll get breakfast. And
if it isn’t better than this meal you’ve
handed out, I’ll be willing to call off the
trip and go home. Now where do we
sleep—if ever?”

  The Eel rose grandly from his camp
stool.

  “Ah, here’s where I show you a little
woodcraft. You boys put up the tent and
I’ll make you a genuine fir-bough bed. And
I’ll guarantee it will beat any bed you ever
slept on. Fir boughs, as you may or may
not know, cannot be beaten as mattress
material.”

  I gazed about rather dazedly.

  “But there are no fir trees around here!”
The Eel shugged his shoulders imper-
turbably as he rummaged through the ton-
neau in search of the ax.

  “Oh, a little thing like that never bothers
a real woodsman,” he grinned, emerging
with the ax. “Pine boughs are just as
good.”

  “You mean to say we have to sleep on

126
BOOK MAGAZINE

127

By E. Whitman Chambers

a bunch of sharp pine needles?” the Tub
gasped.

  “Suit yourself. There are plenty of nice
soft rocks around, if you care to make your
own bed. Take your choice.”

  Johnny went to work collecting the pine
boughs, while the Tub and I strove val-
iantly to solve the puzzle of the auto tent.
Darkness came over the little glade in

“Hoping what?” Johnny asked suspi-
ciously.

 “That some one else wins the honor of
 driving the first car over the summit.”

 “Huh!” the Eel grunted, and skidded
 the car around a curve.

 The snow' gradually grew deeper, merg-
 ing onto the road in places. The car would
 have been in difficulty more than once had

Johnny gripped my shoulder
and pointed to a gray car.

which we had pitched camp, and we were
compelled to finish our task in the glare of
the headlights. By the time we rolled in-
to our blankets, on a lumpy bed that was
composed primarily of sticks, we had
ceased speaking to one another.

  Breakfast, prepared by the Tub, was
somewhat of an improvement over
Johnny’s dinner—primarily because there
was less opportunity for our fat friend to
go wrong in the simple frying of three
slices of ham and twelve eggs. By two
o’clock that afternoon we had reached the
snow-line and the sturdy Belmont was
plowing ahead through mud and slush.

  “Looks better than I’d expected,” Johnny
declared. “If this keeps up, we wont have
more than a few miles to run on the boards.
From the looks of this road, there are
three or four machines ahead of us. I
sure hope nobody has beaten us over the
summit.”

  “That would mean that we’d lose the
thousand and would have to turn around
and go home, wouldn’t it?” I asked ea-
gerly.

  “Yes, that’s just about what we’d have
to do,” the Eel admitted.

  “Well, here’s hoping.”

not the snow been broken and packed
down by the machines ahead. We were
climbing fast now. The foothills had given
way to a rugged country of jagged peaks
and ridges, swept bare of snow by the
wind; of swift streams, swollen and muddy,
roaring down the canon beside the road.

  “Ah,” the Tub sighed happily, “this is
the real McCoy.”

  Johnny suddenly slowed the car and
pointed to the road ahead. A quarter of a
mile farther on we saw three automobiles,
parked single file in the road. Ahead of
the cars was a crew of men, burrowing
into a snowbank that looked to be eight
or ten feet deep.

  “Here’s where we stop and reconnoiter,”
the Eel decided. He brought the car to a
halt in the center of the road, the snow
being too deep on either side to pull off
the highway. “Tub, suppose you go up
and look around. Find out what cars
those are and what chance they’ve got of
digging their way through. We’re about
three miles from the summit, so I don’t
think we need to worry much. We should
be able to take it easy and get a good
night’s sleep before we start over the top.”

  The Tub departed. The Eel and I never
The Tub Plays Sheik

128

THE BLUE

knew how long he was gone, for we were
sound asleep in the car when he returned.
He roused us with a war-whoop which
awoke the echoes.

  “Well, how does she look?” Johnny
asked, pawing at his eyes.

  “She’s a knockout, if you ask me,” the
fat youth burst out enthusiastically.
“Say! You never saw such eyes in your
life. And a form that’s got the Venus de
Milo looking like a spavined washer-
woman! And lips! Say, I’d give my
share of the thousand right now—”
“Listen, dumb-bell!” Johnny cut in
tersely. “Come down to earth. I sent you
ahead to look over those cars and the road.
And here you come back raving about
Venuses. What’s got into you? Has the
light air gone to your head?”

  “But I tell you she’s a queen. She’s
one of the sweetest looking little mammas
I ever put my lamps on. Red-headed, too! ”
“Who?”

  “A dame up there in one of those cars.”

TOHNNY groaned. “Tub, I’d ought to
J split your block head open with a boul-
der, just to see if there’s anything inside of
it. Now get your feet back on the ground
and tell us how the road looks ahead.”
“Looks! You can’t see it. It’s covered
with snow.”

  “How deep does the snow appear to
be?”

  “How deep? Oh, deep enough to keep
those men working for a week before they
break through.”

  “Good. What are the machines?”
“The first one’s a Speedwell. That’s the
one with the girl in it. She’s with her dad
and her two brothers. They’re on their
way to New York and thought the road
was open.”

  “And the other cars?”

  “They’re both factory cars. Five men
with each one. They’re trying to beat
each other over the summit. The whole
gang is working like blazes. As soon as
they get to the top of the grade, they’ll
probably try to make a dash for it. They
say the snow isn’t as deep on the other
side. They’re all working together now,
though. But say, that little girl in the
Speedwell—”

  Johnny turned to me with a broad grin,
while Fenwick Dallmoreton Lurb resumed
his enumeration of the charms of the young
lady in the Speedwell.

  “It looks pretty sweet for us,” the Eel

commented. “I’d say we were a cinch for
that thousand.”

  I nodded woefully; my cherished hope
had gone glimmering. Faced by three
months of life in the great untrammeled
West, I didn’t care much whether school
kept or not.

  “Guess we might as well camp for the
night,” the Eel went on, heedless alike of
my dejection and the fat youth’s perora-
tion. “There’s a little spot over there at
the side of the road where the snow has
melted. We can pitch camp there, cook
up a fine dinner and get a good night’s
sleep. Tomorrow will be a hard day.”
“And tonight will probably be a hard
night,” I added, feeling quite disconsolate,
“unless you’ve learned that three-inch pine
branches will never put the mattress manu-
facturers out of business. Guess I’ll cook
dinner. I can’t do any worse than you
did last night.”

  “Thank heaven!” the Tub put in, com-
ing to life.

  “Thank heaven for what?” Johnny
asked angrily.

  “That I’m invited out to dinner tonight.”
“Invited out to dinner! Where? How
come?”

  “Oh, the sweet mamma up the line asked
me to partake of the evening meal with
her and her folks,” Fenwick Dallmoreton
Lurb answered airily.

  “Fast worker, aren’t you?” Johnny
sneered.

  “Sure am,” the fat youth admitted with
unbecoming immodesty. “At least, that’s
what the girls all tell me.”

  The Eel’s answer was a derisive grunt.
“I was telling her about that alleged
meal you wished on us last night,” the Tub
went on. “She just about laughed her
sides out. Anyway, she asked me to din-
ner. Took pity on me, I guess.”

  “Huh! I don’t blame her for taking
pity on you,” Johnny came back. “And
I don’t mean what you mean, either.”
“Aw, you’re just jealous ’cause you
weren’t invited.”

  “Well, I guess I’ll manage to get along.
And one thing more, you fat sheik! If
you want Papa to bruise you, just let out
to those people up ahead what we’re here
for. Understand?”

  “Huh! What do you take me for?”

  “A dub, of course.”

  “Well, maybe I am. But I had sense
enough to tell them that we were just three
innocent college boys trying to get along.
BOOK MAGAZINE	By E. Whitman Chambers

129

They don’t even suspect that we’re up
here to beat them over the summit.”
“Well, keep that up and we’ll be all
right. But if they begin to get suspicious,
they’re liable to pitch in and work all night
shoveling snow. And you know what that
would mean, don’t you?”

  “What?” the Tub asked nervously.

  “It would mean that we’d have to work
all night, too.”

  “Then rest in peace. They’ll never find
out from me why we’re here. Not by no
means.”

IT was just six o’clock the following mom-
1 ing when, camp broken and the duffle
packed, the Eel unstrapped the planks
from the side of the car and laid them out.

  “We’ll leave the road and get up on the
snow right here,” he decided. “By cut-
ting across the hillside and working over
there to the south, we can miss the gang
ahead and save maybe a mile in the bar-
gain.”

  “But they’re sure to hear the motor and
know what we’re up to,” I remarked.

  “Let ’em. By that time it’ll be too late.
They can’t shovel snow or buck through
it half as fast as we can travel on those
boards. Once we get under way, there’ll
be no stopping us. We ought to make the
summit by noon. And three o’clock this
afternoon ought to see us down in the val-
ley on the other side. Let’s go.”

  Inclining the planks from the road to the
snow-bank, we worked the car off the high-
way and onto the higher ground at one
side. From then on it was work, unadul-
terated, back-breaking toil. Sloshing back
and forth in the snow, the Tub and I
labored feverishly carrying the planks for-
ward. The progress of the car, while far
slower than Johnny had anticipated, was
ridiculously easy. The cleats which ran
along the edges of the upper sides of the
planks kept the car from skidding side-
wise; the heavy spikes held the boards
firmly in the snow.

  At first we caught occasional glimpses
through the trees of the other machines, of
glistening shovels and the flash of snow as
our competitors labored in clearing the
road. Then the sturdy Belmont, at the ex-
pense of much cursing and perspiring la-
bor, forged ahead of them and out of
sight.

  At noon the Tub and I collapsed wea-
rily on the snow and demanded lunch,
which the Eel obligingly called forth out

of several cans and a box of crackers.
After an hour’s rest, we were preparing to
return to our task when we observed two
figures striding slowly toward us through
the snow. The Tub rose hurriedly to his
feet, his fat chest expanding.

  “Ah, here comes Miss Carson and her
dad,” he remarked grandly. “Hiked all
the way over here to see me. Well, I
guess I’ll take the afternoon off. My lit-
tle red-headed mamma—”

  “Your little red-headed mamma will see
you indulging in hard labor if she stays
here five minutes,” Johnny, interrupted.
“And as for taking the afternoon off, or
any part of it, just you try to make a
sneak and see what happens to you. Just
try it, that’s all.”

  “Aw, pipe down, pipe down!” the Tub
urged in a frantic whisper. “Want ’em to
hear you makin’ a fool out of yourself?
Act your age, you big ape.”

  Miss Carson and her father drew up
to the car. The young lady was all
and more than the Tub had claimed.
She was charming in her trim riding habit
and high boots. Further, she showed im-
mediately that she had no eye for anyone
save Fenwick Dallmoreton Lurb. The lat-
ter, assuming his most gracious manner,
introduced the visitors to the Eel and me.

  “Quite an outfit you boys have here,”
the elder Carson smiled, gazing at the car
and the string of planks. “Quite ingen-
ious, I must say. Who thought of it, may
I ask?”

  “It was my idea,” the Tub answered
modestly.

  “And a brilliant one, too,” Miss Carson
put in, her great blue eyes never leaving the
flushed, eager face of the fat youth. Johnny
suppressed a scowl.

  “Well, I wish we’d thought of something
like that,” Carson went on. “We might
not have to suffer all this delay. Oh, well,
we’re having a good time and enjoying the
outing.”

  “Yes, indeed, we’re having a perfectly
wonderful time,” Miss Carson agreed.
“Isn’t the air lovely up here?”

  “Great!” the Tub seconded swiftly, be-
fore either of us had time to get in a word.
“And the snow and the green trees!”
“Superb!”

  “And all these trilling brooks!”
  “Marvelous! ”

  “And these glorious mountains!”

  The Tub hesitated an instant, evidently
trying to call forth another adjective.
The Tub Plays Sheik

130

Johnny saw his chance and leaped into the
conversation.

  “Well, guess it’s time we were getting
back on the job. Come on, Tub! Grab
the plank on your side.”

  Mr. Lurb staggered a little, his face
growing red.

  “Tub!” the beautiful Miss Carson ex-
claimed. “Is that what you call him?”
“Sure,” Johnny answered gruffly.
“That’s his nickname. Doesn’t it fit him?”
“What a perfectly terrible nickname!”
Miss Carson decreed, edging back from the
Eel. If she had had on skirts she would
have drawn them back slightly, I reflected.

  “Come on, Tub!” Johnny commanded,
climbing into the car.

T-HE fat youth, very red now, gazed ap-
pealingly at the Eel; then, seeing no
sign of relenting on Johnny’s grim counte-
nance, he shrugged his ponderous shoul-
ders and grinned in rather a sickly fashion.

  “Well, I got to humor the lad,” he re-
marked easily. “Otherwise he might get
mad and lay down on the job. He has to
drive the car, you know.”

  “Yes, of course,” Miss Carson agreed,
casting a scornful glance at Johnny. “We
wont take any more of your time. We
just dropped over to ask you to come to
dinner again tonight. One of the men with
the Dalmon killed some quail this morn-
ing. And we’re going to have quail on
toast for dinner. You’ll come, of course.”
“Will I?” the Tub beamed; then, more
grandly: “I shall be delighted, Miss Car-
son.”

   “Sorry we can’t ask all of you,” the girl’s
father put in. “But there’s not enough to
go around.”

  “Perfectly all right,” Johnny returned.
His voice was coolly bland, but there was
a hard glitter in his brown eyes. “Now
let’s get to work, Tub.”

  The Tub grasped his plank reluctantly,
and the sturdy Belmont again got under
way. The two visitors had disappeared
among the trees before anyone spoke.
Then Johnny remarked casually:

  “Pretty tough on you, Tub.”

  “Why? What?” Mr. Lurb puffed, tug-
ging at one of the planks.

  “You wont be able to get any of that
quail on toast.” The last words were ut-
tered with unusual venom.

  The Tub raised up swiftly. I smiled to
myself at the consternation in his eyes.

  “Huh? Why not?”

THE BLUE

  “Because you got to stick around camp.
I miscalculated the speed we’re making.
At any rate, we wont make the valley to-
night. We’ll barely get over the summit.”
“Well, maybe you’ll be kind enough to
tell me what that has to do with quail on
toast,” the Tub demanded sarcastically.

  “It’s got just this to do with it.
All three of us have got to stick in camp
and guard the car. Now that those birds
have a hunch what we’re up to, there’s no
telling what they’ll try to do. There’s
liable to be dirty work afoot tonight.”
“Get out!” the fat youth scoffed.

“No foolin’. We got to stick together.
No runnin’ off and chasing around with
red-headed mammas. Besides, anybody
that would take a second look at that dumb
Dora ought to have his head examined.”
“What! What’s that?” the Tub blazed.
“You heard me. The dame is a moron.
Nobody but a moron would rave about
trilling brooks and glorious mountains.”
“She has an appreciation for the beau-
ties of Nature,” the Tub declared stanch-

iy-

  “She hands out a lot of apple-sauce, if
that’s what you mean. Pure mush.”
“Gush,” I put in, grinning.

  “Slush,” Johnny added, not grinning.
“Aw, you birds gimme a pain,” the Tub
growled disgustedly. “And if you think
you’re going to cheat me out of that quail
on toast, you got another think coming.”
“Have I? What’d your father tell me
before we left home? Answer me that,
young feller. Ashamed to answer, huh?
Well, he told me that if you weren’t a good
boy and didn’t mind me, I was to put
you on the train and ship you home—via
freight collect.” Johnny paused. “Now
laugh that one off.”

  But the Tub was in no laughing mood at
that particular moment. Nor, as the after-
noon progressed, did he show any inclina-
tion toward laughter. I didn’t feel much
like laughing, either. That afternoon was
sheer work.

  At three o’clock the sturdy Belmont
reached the summit of the Meyers grade
and started down the other side toward
the valley. All of us heaved a sigh of
relief. Now, at least, we would not be com-
pelled to carry the planks uphill. As night
gathered, Johnny saw that we would never
make the foot of the grade before dark,
and he reluctantly called a halt.

  And Fenwick Dallmoreton Lurb ate
canned beans and crackers that night. As
BOOK MAGAZINE

131

By E. Whitman Chambers

I had learned long ago, often to my sor-
row, Johnny Holt’s will was very strong.

  “We’ll have to stand guard over the
car and the planks,” the Eel announced
as we gathered around our camp-fire after
the evening repast. “As I said before,
there’s liable to be dirty work afoot to-
night. That fellow Carson looked suspi-
cious to me. I’ve seen his face somewhere

great bellow. Johnny and I rolled over
and looked at each other. Something was
wrong. We both knew that, for the Tub
had failed to waken us to stand our
watches.

 “Hey, Johnny! Hey, Grant! Come out
here. What the devil has happened?”
This in the/ Tub’s anxious tones.

  The Eel thrust back the blankets and

before. Can’t quite place him. But I
know I’ve seen him. Maybe it was that
time I went through San Quentin. I dunno.

  “Anyway, we got to stand watches. The
Tub will take the first one—eight till mid-
night. I’ll go on from midnight to three,
and Grant can take the rest of the night.
And there’s to be no monkey business,
understand, Tub? If that gang does any-
thing to the car or to those planks, we’re
through. That’s all. So see that you don’t
go to sleep on watch, Tub. Keep my
rifle in your hand all the time, and if
anybody comes around the car, pour some
lead into ’em and then ask what they
want. Get me?”

  “Uh-huh,” the Tub answered disconso-
lately. From long acquaintance with the
fat youth I knew that he was heartbroken
over the quail on toast. “Don’t worry
about me. I’ll keep awake.”

  Darkness settled down over the camp,
and the Tub settled down over the camp-
fire. Johnny and I turned in, fully dressed,
under a huge pile of blankets and coats
and sweaters. We slept soundly, worn out'
by the day’s exertions.

  Daylight was showing through the walls
of the tent when we were awakened by a

The car headed
down the
slope, out of
control. And
Johnny was in
that hurtling
juggernaut I

leaped out of the tent. I followed him as
quickly as I could.

  “A fine kind of a watchman you are,
Johnny,” the Tub began angrily. “I
thought you looked mighty sleepy when I
called you to go on watch at midnight.
You probably never woke up at all. And
now look what’s happened. The planks
have been stolen.”

  The Eel took one glance at the machine
and then centered his gaze on Fenwick
Dallmoreton Lurb. The fat youth made
an excellent pretense of righteous indig-
nation, shaking his fist angrily, cursing,
calling down the wrath of the gods on a
man who couldn’t be depended upon to
wake up when he was called to go on
watch. But to me, watching him steadily,
it was all too plainly a pretense.
The Tub Plays Sheik

132

  Johnny endured the harangue in silence
for a time. Then he strode forward and
grasped the Tub by the scruff of the neck,
shook him, lifted him off his feet and threw
him into a snowdrift.

  “Tub, your little stall doesn’t get over.
You never called me last night. Some-
thing happened. Now come clean and tell
us the whole story.”

'T'HE TUB debated an instant. Then,
seeing Johnny’s scrawny hand reaching
toward his neck again, he burst out:

  “All right, all right. I’ll tell you. Only
keep those fingers off my neck. Want to
choke a man to death?”

  “I’d love to,” Johnny snarled feelingly.
“Now tell us what happened.”

  “Well, I was standing my watch nice as
you please,” the Tub declared, “when
along about nine o’clock Miss Carson
comes over. She was kind o’ sore because
I hadn’t come to supper and hadn’t sent
any word. Fact is, she was all put out
about it. Well, I pacified her as best I
could, but nothin’ would do but that I
come over to their camp and eat a couple
o’ quail she’d saved for me. So,”—Mr.
Lurb’s eyes fell,—“I went.”

  “And while you were gone, those bozos
came over here and stole our planks,”
Johnny put in angrily.

  The Tub nodded. “Yeh. I hadn’t been
gone ten minutes before I got suspicious.

I came running back. I found twelve men
in the act of stealing our planks. Well,
you know me, Johnny. I pitched into ’em.
And say! What I didn’t do to that gang!
Why, I had the whole twelve of ’em just
about cleaned up. Then I got hit in the
head with one of the planks and fell down
unconscious on the snow. How long I
lay there—”

  “That’s a lot of apple-sauce,” Johnny
interrupted the narrative at this point.
“Before you pitch into twelve men, or two
men, they’d have to be handcuffed and
leg-ironed. I know just about what hap-
pened. As soon as we were asleep, you
sneaked off to sheik that red-headed moron.
When you came back, the planks were
gone and you were too scared to wake us
up and tell us about it. Oh, I know you,
you fat dub!

  “Incidentally, it has just come into my
mind who this bird Carson is. He’s the
chap that drives the Speedwell on all these
record-breaking runs. Holds the Los An-
geles-Salt Lake record. And the Los An-

THE BLUE

geles-Phoenix record. I’ve seen his picture
in the papers a dozen times. And now I
suppose I’ll see it once more. The other
two cars haven’t got a chance against him,
once he really gets going and starts buck-
ing through the snow in earnest. He’s
just playing with ’em now. He’ll probably
cut loose th‘ morning. That old wagon
of his will break through this snow like it
was tissue paper.”

  “But the girl!” the Tub objected.
“What’s she doing on a trip like this?”
“Better ask her. Surely you don’t ex-
pect me to analyze the whims of a red-
headed flapper!” The Eel gazed forlornly
at the car. “Now how in the name of
common sense are we going to get out of
here? In an hour or two the sun will thaw
out this crust of ice and the old boat will
sink in the snow. And if I’m any judge,
it’s about ten feet deep right here where
she’s standing. And once she sinks in, it’ll
take us a month to dig her out.”

  “Maybe you better try to drive her back
on the road,” the Tub suggested hopefully.

  “Road!” Johnny grunted. “If you can
see any road around here, I’ll admit I need
glasses. It’s covered with snow. The only
thing we can do is to wait till that Speed-
well breaks through and opens up the
road. Then I’ll try to ease her over onto
the highway, and I’ll be lucky if I don’t
slide down the mountain. You, Tub, get
the chains out and put ’em on. And one
more yelp out of you, and I’ll brain you.”
Johnny dropped onto the running-board
and buried his head in his hands. The
Tub set to work to put on the skid chains.
I started to get breakfast and pack up.

  “A thousand bucks!” the Eel moaned.
“Think of it! A thousand bucks shot to
the dickens all because of a rattle-brained,
girl-struck dub! It’s terrible—terrible!”
An hour later Johnny gripped my shoul-
der fiercely and pointed to a great gray
touring car bucking through the snow
along the road, a hundred yards away.
The Tub, hat in hand, was evidently seiz-
ing this chance to bid farewell to his little
red-headed mamma.

  The big machine was making fair prog-
ress; in an hour more, two at the most, it
would be at the bottom of the grade. As
completely dejected as I have ever seen
him, Johnny watched it grind slowly past.
A girl in the tonneau, a red-haired girl,
waved to him. The Eel cursed brokenly,
got to his feet and climbed into his car.
“I’ll try to get back on the road now,”
BOOK MAGAZINE

By E. Whitman Chambers

133

he said dispiritedly. “You boys better
walk. I may not make it. If the car
starts to slide, it’ll be curtains. And
there’s no use sacrificing all three of us.”

"WISIONS of a wrecked car and the Eel’s
broken body came before my eyes.
“Johnny, you better not try it,” I
pleaded. “You better not take the chance.”
“Shut up!” came hoarsely from the
Eel. “I can’t leave the car here until
summer, can I?” He stepped on the
starter; the motor hummed after a mo-
ment; the Tub and I jumped to one side.
Johnny waved his hand.

  “Well, so long, boys. If I don’t—”

  At this point the car began to move,
not forward, as the Eel had intended, but
sidewise down the mountain. Johnny,
suddenly very white, jerked on the emer-
gency-brake. The car swung around
slowly, its rear wheels locked, and then
headed down the slope. It gained momen-
tum swiftly; in another second it was
quite out of control.

  I closed my eyes and groaned. It was a
thousand feet to the floor of the valley.
There were trees in the way, boulders,
banks of drifted snow. And Johnny Holt
was in that hurtling juggernaut!

  “Come on!” I heard the Tub shout.
Fearfully, hopelessly, we started in pur-
suit of the sliding automobile, which, like
a great bob-sled, was bounding down the
slope. It had slid off the crown of the
hill now and was racing down the steep
ravine, leaving behind it a cloud of flying
snowT and severed underbrush. The ravine
curved slightly. The car disappeared. Only
two deep tracks in the snow showed the
course of its swift flight.

  The Tub and I ran on down the hill,
stumbling, sliding, gaining our feet, falling,
sliding again. Halfway down the moun-
tain we stumbled over the body of Johnny
Holt. Half buried in the snow, cursing
softly but fluently, we found the Eel—
tenderly rubbing his left leg.

  “Barked my shin when I jumped over
the door!” he told us, climbing to his feet.

  The Tub threw his arms about the tall
form of our friend.

  “Johnny! We thought you were killed!”
“Aw, dry up! And get away from me.
Save that lovey-dovey stuff for your red-
haired mammas. Let’s -get down the hill
and pick up the pieces. Thank the Lord
the old man had the car insured. Other-
wise I’d be ruined. Let’s go.”

  The three of us raced on down the hill.
Johnny’s long legs carried him ahead of
the Tub and me, and he was soon lost to
sight around a turn in the canon. When
we next saw him he was on the flat, level
floor of the valley, leaning weakly against
a tree, rubbing trembling hands across his
forehead. We ran to him anxiously.

  “What’s the matter, Johnny?” I panted.
“Heart go back on you? Altitude too
high?”

  “No,” the Eel murmured. “It’s my
eyes. Look! Do you see what I see?”
I followed his pointing arm. And there,
leaning nonchalantly'against a tree, appar-
ently not fatally injured, was the sturdy
Belmont. Its top, to be sure, had been
left somewhere up the mountain. Two
fenders were hanging by the merest threads
of metal. But the wheels, the body, the
radiator, the running gear were still in-
tact. And the motor was idling merrily.
The Eel stumbled forward again.

  “Kept to the canon,” he murmured
dazedly. “No trees. Stayed right side up
all the way. Rear wheels locked. Kept
her from broaching sideways and rolling
over. Who’d have thought it? Sitting
pretty. A thousand bucks. A thousand
bucks! And three months in the wild and
untrammeled West! Hot damn!”

  A closer inspection failed to reveal any
further damage to the automobile than the
ruined top and fenders. Quite recovered
from his wild ride and his wilder leap from
the flying car, the Eel sat down on the
running-board, wiped the perspiration from
his forehead, drew out a pencil and a slip
of paper and began to write. He glanced
up after a time, listening. From some-
where up the side of the mountain above
us came the deep roar of the Speedwell’s
exhaust, as the heavy car bucked its way
through the snow. The Eel grinned elat-
edly and handed the slip of paper to me.

  “Telegram to the Belmont agency in
San Francisco,” he explained laconically.

  I read it slowly, with a sinking heart,
knowing that it sentenced me to three
months of misery in the great open spaces:

    In heroic struggle through snow and ice
   over impassable roads, sturdy Belmont driven
   by John Holt battled its way over Meyers
   grade, first car of season to reach Lake Ta-
   hoe Valley.

  Johnny rose, grinning broadly.

  “The nearest town is Meyers, a mile
or two away. Likewise the nearest hotel.
Let’s buy ourselves a square meal.”
Lu Chan and the Tongs

                Here is another of this author’s vivid and authentic
                tales of San Francisco’s subterranean Chinatown.

‘By Lemuel De Bra

“For almost three months,” said Bow
Sheong, “I have been a prisoner in this
bed. I have talked with no one but that
empty-headed Doctor Moo. So tell me,
Lu Chan: what news do you hear from
your son, Ah Toy?”

“I hear nothing, Bow Sheong!” declared
the woman angrily. “And let me tell you
before you speak your thoughts, that I do
not want your money—I want my boy!
It is true that when he was with me I was
starving; but it was only hunger of the
stomach. Now, when I have plenty of
rice and' flour, I cannot eat; for now it is
my heart that is starving. I do not know
whether the foreign-devil officials will not
let him write to his mother, or if he has
been too busy since they took him to pris-
134

CCHAN bent over the dying man. “I
have come, Bow Sheong,” she said in
quiet Cantonese. “And I am sorry.”
For about as long as it takes to recite
“The Last Prayer o-f the Dying,” Bow
Sheong looked up at the woman’s pale
face and tired eyes.

  “So!” His deep voice rumbled brokenly.
“You—you say you are sorry! Well, when
you hear what I have to tell you, then—
then you will be glad that I am dying!”
Lu Chan drew back, startled. “Aih-
yah! How can you say such a wicked
thing?”

  The old tong killer did not answer. From
a teak stool at the head of his couch he
took a bowl of Mui Kwei Lo anti drank
long and deeply of the fiery liquor.
Lu Chan and the Tongs

on. I am only a woman, and I know noth-
ing about such things.”

  “That is true, of course; but the gossip
—the gossip of the shops—”

  “Haie! Surely, Bow Sheong, you must
know that since my boy confessed to slay-
ing an old man for his money, I have
walked my way with eyes that are only
for the shedding of tears, with ears that
listen only for his step in the hall, and
with lips that move only in prayer. So I
have talked only with Fong Wo Chee, the
kind-hearted priest at the Temple of the
Seven Gods. He tells me that—that it is
all for the best, that I must forget. For-
get? How can I forget when my heart
cries with every breath: ‘Ah Toy! Ah
Toy!’ ”

  The old killer stirred uneasily. “Hi low!
That is true! And that is one reason why
I sent for you. I am going to tell you
how you can have Ah Toy set free. I—”

WfFTH a sharp intake of breath, Lu Chan
bent forward, her hands pressing
against her leaping heart. She started to
speak, but Bow Sheong interrupted angrily.
For a moment then, there was silence. Lu
Chan, trembling, sat with closed eyes. Bow
Sheong stared dreamily at the window as
though listening to the early morning
noises in the Chinatown alley below.

  “Now be still, old woman,” Bow Sheong
said presently, “and let me talk. For many
years, as you know, I have been a gunman
for the Hoy Sin Wah tong. I have slain
many men. I have been very clever. I
was never caught. Only once did I see
the terrible net of the foreign-devil police
closing about me. That was when the
great tong war broke out in New York
City. Our tong received wire-talk to go
out and kill. They sent for me at once.
And that night—I killed Ng Gar Lo.”
“Ng Gar Lo!” breathed the woman in-
credulously. “But—but they said—”
“That your son Ah Toy did it. And
he confessed. Certainly! That was how
I escaped. Our spies warned us that the
foreign-devil police were watching me, that
they were asking many questions, and that
they were weaving a steel net from which
I could not escape. Well, I did escape.
But I did it by having our tong pay your
son to take my place in the net.”

  Lu Chan’s mouth opened—and shut.
There was a bewildered look in her eyes.

  “That night,” went on Bow Sheong, “we
smoked long over th£ matter at the meet-

By Lemuel De Bra

135

ing-rooms of our tong. Everyone said it
would be a bitter disgrace if I had to go
to prison; but everyone said also that there
was only one way to save me. The foreign-
devil officials were very angry over the
tong outbreak, and there had been much
paper-talk.

   “So, since some one had to go to prison,
we decided to hire a man to take my place.
I, myself, suggested your son. You know
Ah Toy has never been worth anything
since he came back from the big war.
He—”

  “Was that his fault?” Lu Chan broke
in, the waters of sorrow springing suddenly
to her eyes. “He was a bright boy until
they took him away across the sea. They
kept him almost two years, and they said
I should be very proud of it, but what it
was all about I could never understand. I
know only that when he came back his
eyes were like the eyes of a dead fish and
he could do nothing but sit and stare out
the window. Do you—”

  “Hold your tongue!” growled Bow She-
ong. “I sent for you to tell you some-
thing, not to hear your chatter! As I was
saying, Ah Toy has been of no use to you,
nor to himself, since he came back from
the war. He could not work, and you
were not strong enough for both. So I
sent for Ah Toy.

  “Ah Toy was slow to understand what
we wanted; but once he understood, he was
very sensible. He agreed to our plan. Al-
so, he saw the wisdom of not telling you
anything about it.

  “So your son, who is innocent, went to
prison that you might have the food and
clothing you need. The money that the
tong has paid you every month, and which
you thought was charity, was earned by
Ah Toy when he took my place in the net.
Now do you understand?”

  Lu Chan’s sloe-black eyes were gleaming
with tears. She nodded slowly.

  “I understand, Bow Sheong. But how
can I make them free Ah Toy? I am a
woman; they will pay no attention to me.”
“I was coming to that. Yesterday the
doctor told me I have less than a month
to live. That terrible disease that so many
of our men get from eating hot rice and
drinking scalding hot tea, is gnawing at
my vitals. I may live a month; I may not
live to see another surv And I, Bow She-
ong, the cleverest killer of all the tongs,
who evaded death many times, can hire no
one to take my place now.
Lu Chan and the Tongs

136

  “So, since I must die, why should my
tong keep paying that money? And why
should Ah Toy remain in prison? Let the
foreign-devil officials come and' hear the
truth. Let them free Ah Toy and take me
to their prison—what does it matter to a
dying man?”

  Lu Chan jumped up. “What shall I
do?” she cried in a choking voice. “Tell
me quickly!”

  “Go at once to the meeting-rooms of the
tong and fetch old Moy Ong, the writer of
letters. I shall explain to him exactly what
we wish to do, and he can put everything
in writing. Then some one can fetch the
foreign-devil officials and I will swear to
the writing before themr.”

  Unsteadily, Lu Chan hastened to the
door. She turned. “May the Mother of
Heaven bless you! ” she breathed fervently,
and fled down the hall.

  At the outer door of the rooms of the
Hoy Sin Wah tong a flat-nosed Chinese
with sullen eyes stopped Lu Chan.

  “What do you want, old woman?”

  “I want to speak with Moy Ong, the
writer of letters.”

  “He is not here.”

Lu Chan’s heart sank as she saw the
tong man start to close the door. “Bow
Sheong sent me!” she cried quickly. “It
is about Ah Toy and it is very important!”
“But Moy Ong is not here, I told you.

It is too early. Come back in an hour.”

  “I shall wait. Perhaps—”

  “You cannot wait here, old woman!
Come back in an hour!’,’

  “Please—”

  But the tong man closed the door.

  In the street outside the tong headquar-
ters, Lu Chan stood where she could watch
the stairway. One hour—in one hour, per-
haps sooner, she would see Moy Ong and
they would start at once to set Ah Toy free.
And Ah Toy knew nothing about it. How
happy he would be if he knew!

  Lu Chan looked down the street. She
could see, beyond Portsmouth Square, the
cold-gray stone front of the Hall of Justice.
That was where they took Ah Toy that
terrible day—Lu Chan could never forget
that. He was not there now. Many
months ago they had taken him to the big
prison across the bay; but she could never
forget that room where big men with loud
voices and rough hands shouted many ques-
tions in Ah Toy’s frightened face.

  But there was one man in that room
who had spoken kindly to Lu Chan and

THE BLUE

had offered her a chair. He was a pale
man with white hair and he seemed to be
in charge of all the others. Perhaps he
could send word to Ah Toy that he was
soon to be set free!

I U CHAN turned down the street—then
stopped. It would take no more than
fifteen minutes to go to the police station
and get back; but in that time Moy Ong
might come and go away again.

  The woman was about to go back when
she saw, a half-block down the street, the
sugar-cane stand of Gee Hop. Gee Hop
was puttering around the stand, arranging
his cane for the day’s business. Lu Chan
glanced back up the street to make sure
that Moy Ong was not coming, then hur-
ried down the walk.

  “Good morning, Gee Hop! Will you
trust me for a sack of sugar-cane? I have
no money with me.”

  Gee Hop stared at her as though he saw
a ghost.

  “It—it is for Ah Toy,” explained Lu
Chan quickly. “We are going to set him
free today. Aren’t you glad? You always
liked Ah Toy even when he was just a
baby and used to steal your sugar-cane.”
Suddenly Gee Hop jumped. He filled
a sack with his best pieces, pressed it into
the woman’s hand, then turned away quick-
ly and pretended to be very busy.

  “Many thanks,” murmured Lu Chan.
“By the way, have you seen Moy Ong, the
writer of letters, this morning?”

  Gee Hop did not look around, but he
waved a bony hand.

  “I saw him talking to Nam Jon, the
dealer in drugs, not five minutes ago. If
you hurry—”

  Lu Chan did not wait to hear the rest.
Nam Jon’s place was just around the cor-
ner. She hurried on to the druggist’s.

  “Hoo la ma. Nam Jon!” cried Lu Chan.
“Is Moy Ong, the writer of letters, here?
We are going to get Ah Toy out of prison
this morning and Moy Ong must help me.”
For a time Nam Jon stared at the wom-
an; then he clicked his tongue, and put-
ting the cap back on a jar of dried lizards,
he set the jar back on the shelf. “He is
not here.” Nam- Jon spoke without look-
ing at the woman. “But I saw him not
five minutes ago talking with Loy Jing,
the worker in gold and jade.”

  Lu Chan started on, then hesitated. Loy
Jing’s store was two blocks distant. What
if Moy Ong should go to the tong head-
BOOK MAGAZINE

quarters while she was seeking him on the
streets? But perhaps he was doing some
writing that would take him all morning!

  Lu Chan went back to the corner and
looked up and down the street. There was
no one in front of the tong rooms. Moy
Ong was nowhere in sight. But still Lu
Chan hesitated; and finally, when she re-
solved to hasten to Loy Jing’s, she noticed
that almost half of the hour had passed.

  She found Loy Jing sitting at his desk,
scolding his clerks because there were no
customers, and polishing his gold-rimmed
glasses.

  “Hoo la ma, Loy Jing!” cried Lu Chan.
“I have good news for you! We are going
to get Ah Toy out of prison this morning.
Is Moy Ong, the writer of letters, here?
I must find Moy Ong quickly.”

  Loy Jing’s slender hand paused, the
green silk handkerchief almost slipping from
his fingers. In a dead silence, he stared
at the woman.

  “Did you hear me?” demanded Lu Chan
sharply. “I asked for—”

  “Yes, yes!” broke in Loy Jing and put
on his glasses hurriedly. “Moy Ong? Let
me think! Yes, I saw him talking with
Lai Wo Dart, the pawnbroker, not five
minutes ago. If you hurry—”

  The store of Lai Wo Dart was in an
alley a block and a half from the head-
quarters of the Hoy Sin Wah tong. “I
will go there,” said Lu Chan, “and if I do
not find Moy Ong I will hurry on to the
tong rooms and ask for him again.”

  Lai Wo Dart was arguing with a round-
headed youth who wanted to borrow ten
dollars on an ivory elephant worth only
five dollars. Almost ten minutes passed
before Lu Chan got a chance to speak.

  “Good morning, Lai Wo Dart!” ex-
claimed Lu Chan. “Yo,u know my boy,
Ah Toy? We are going to get him out
of prison today. Hate! He may be home
in time for evening rice! But I must find
Moy Ong, the writer of letters! Is he
here?”

  Through his huge shell-rimmed glasses
the pawnbroker stared at Lu Chan; then
suddenly he snatched up the ivory elephant
and began cleaning it with a piece of jew-
eler’s cloth. “He has not been here, old
woman,” Lai Wo Dart said, without look-
ing up. “Why don’t you ask for him at
the tong rooms?”

  “I will do that,” said Lu Chan and hur-
ried away.

  The door of the tong rooms was a mas-

By Lemuel De Bra

137

sive affair of solid oak. When no one came
to answer the bell, Lu Chan pounded on
the door panel; and when that brought no
response, she ventured to try the knob.
The door was locked.

  For twenty minutes Lu Chan waited in
the stairway, but no one came.

  “What shall I do?” Lu Chan cried to
herself. “What shall I do? If I go to
seek Moy Ong he may come. If I wait
here, he may spend the whole day else-
where. And Ah Toy—”

  On sudden impulse, Lu Chan started
down the street. As she passed the Celes-
tial Glory Jewelry Store she noticed that
she had waited for Moy Ong much longer
than an hour.

  There were quite a few people in the
hall outside the office of the captain of de-
tectives but they paid no attention to the
Chinese woman. Opening the door, Lu
Chan was glad to find the pale-faced man
alone at his desk.

  She mustered her best English.

  “I—you savvy Ah Toy?”

  The Captain looked at Lu Chan a mo-
ment, then said kindly: “Do you mean the
young chap who went over for murder?”
That was too much for Lu Chan. At
the look of blank helplessness on her face,
the Captain reached for his desk-phone.
Ten seconds later Yick Fang, the dapper,
sharp-faced Chinese interpreter, glided in.
“Find out what this woman wants,” or-
dered the Captain, and turned to his desk.

“Oh, hello, Lu Chan!” exclaimed the in-
terpreter as he turned to the woman.
“What are you doing here this morning?”
Lu Chan, with a sigh of infinite relief,
launched into her story.

“QAPTAIN,” said Yick Fang later, as he
got out a cigarette and with his
thumbnail struck a match alight, “I knew
just what yo,u would say to the old woman,
so I said it—I told her we would do every-
thing we could to help her—and sent her
on her way. The Chinese colony has kept
her in ignorance all this time, which makes
the situation all the more amusing.”

  The Captain looked up over his shoulder.
“What the devil are you talking about?”
he demanded.

  Yick Fang chuckled.

  “Bow Sheong, the tong killer, has made
a confession that would free the old wom-
an’s son, Ah Toy. But Ah Toy, as you
know, was hanged at San Quentin about
an hour ago.”
Black Star of
Narrapore

By Stephen Hopkins Orcutt

This latest of Mr.
Orcutt’s well-liked
"Tales of the Mer-
chant Marine” will
hold you interested
to the last sentence.

Illustrated by Frank Hoban

IT was at tea one afternoon in the draw-
ing-room of the Governor’s wife at Delhi
that a little group of four men—His
Excellency among them—reached a decision
in regard to a certain commission for the
Government. Then the group broke up,
Major Carstairs of the Staff being asked to
submit the matter to Lady Follansbee at
once, and see if she cared to undertake it.
He crossed to where she was sitting with
some other ladies, just inside one of the
terrace windows—and when the other
women left them tete-a-tete, broached the
subject to her.

  “We’ve considered three or four men for
this mission, Lady Follansbee—but there is
obviously more risk in a man’s undertaking
it than a woman, particularly if he were
known to be in any way associated with the
Indian Government. Finally some one
mentioned to His Excellency that you were
leaving almost immediately for a year’s stay
at home—visiting your children, he tells
me, who are at school in England, and re-

cuperating from this beastly climate. Tne
fact that you’ve previously helped us out
upon occasion, in a few instances, would
appear to suggest you as the ideal person
to carry this out if you can do so without
inconveniencing yourself.”

  “The inconvenience is not so much, Ma-
jor—though I presume you would wish to
alter my traveling arrangements somewhat.
I’m booked on the P. & O. from Bombay,
you know. But there is certainly more or
less personal risk about anything of this
sort—”

  “But—how could anybody suspect you?
It is generally understood that some one
of the Secret Service will handle it! ”

  “Oh—how does anyone suspect things in
the Orient? The atmosphere is saturated
with intrigue! Then—again—suppose you
insist upon my shifting to some other boat?
That sets tongues wagging. It is com-
mented upon in the bazaars—who knows
by how many!”

  “There’s a simple explanation for that

138
The Black Star of Narrapore

139

—one which should satisfy even the most
suspicious ones. Your physician considers
that a longer time at sea, going home, will
be much more beneficial for you—say, one
of the half-and-half boats—a new cargo-
boat with fine but very limited passenger
accommodation and not over fifteen knots
at the most. He thinks the social gayety,
the incessant activity on a P. & O. liner,
too much of a strain on your nerves
when what you most need is all the rest
and quiet you can get. Eh?”

  “As far as that goes, I’m feeling really
quite fit—considering this climate; my
ayahs and all the rest of them know it, too.
Still—one might be upon the verge of a
break-down, of course. But you’re asking
me to accept a heavy responsibility—”

  “For which I fancy Governm’nt will
stand most liberal compensation, if you
consent to undertake it. I fancy you mag-
nify the risk a great deal—because the
master of the steamer will have private
Governm’nt orders to look after you care-
fully—though he’ll not know why. An’
two of the Secret Service will be in touch
until you’re on board.”

  “That would be a mistake! No matter
how well disguised, some of the Hindus
might suspect their identity; then, if they
seem to be following me, I’m either being
shadowed for some crime—or else entrusted
by the Government with some commission
which renders guarding me advisable. No,

I’d best go down from here on my own,
as if nobody had any interest in my move-
ments. Had you any particular boat in
mind?”

  “Until you asked—no. But one just
occurs to^me as being what you might pick
out from a news-sheet interest in her, be-
cause of the ship’s recent adventures—book
passage to be entertained on the home voy-
age by the officers’ description of what hap-
pened.”

  “Oh-h-h—you mean the Argentine Lib-
erator—one of Sir Jason Brock’s boats?
Why—I fancy it might be an int’resting
trip on such a boat! Aye! But I couldn’t
possibly make Singapore in time to catch
her—she’ll be leaving there in two or three
days. Which means I’d have to go ashore
at Aden and wait for her. That, I’ll cer-
tainly not do! Much too hot!”

  “We’ll arrange to have her put in at
Colombo for an hour or two.”

  “She’s not stopping there.”

  “According to the news-sheets, she’s not
quite full-up with cargo. I fancy a Gov-

By Stephen Hopkins Orcutt

emm’nt hint would secure a small shipment
of tea from Ceylon—no harm tryin’ it,
at all events. Your bookin’ passage with
the tea is merely incidental, d’ye see. Your
inquiries for the sort of boat your physician
ordered turned up the information that this
particular one was puttin’ in for a few tons
of tea—suited your book exactly.”

JWfAJOR CARSTAIRS, before getting
down to anything confidential with the
lady, had taken the precaution of stepping
out through the window and looking down
the length of the terrace. He was quite
positive that no human being had been near
enough to catch a word of what he had
been saying to her—and in this, he was
right. But rumor has many devious ways
of getting itself started. Lieutenant Joe
Cheddars, for example, who had been chat-
ting with two women at the other side
of the drawing-room, was not in the Gov-
ernor’s confidence nor that of the Staff;
but as one of the minor attaches, he had
heard, of course, occasional bits of the in-
side talk which any man of intelligence
could put together very close to the mark.
So he knew enough of the matter under
consideration to be quite sure that His
Excellency and the Staff men were prob-
ably discussing it at the moment. He saw
all four of them covertly glance toward
where Lady Follansbee was sitting with
her two friends. Then he saw the nods
of agreement—saw the Major casually
make his way down the room to her.
Watching them closely, he could tell from
the facial expression that some request was
being made—and that the lady was finally
consenting.

  By keeping close tab on Carstairs during
the rest of that afternoon and the follow-
ing day, he knew that the Major was com-
municating with certain shipping agents in
Delhi and Singapore—then with other
agents in Colombo. If his surmises were
correct, he worked out a line of probable
action very close to the truth. And then
he spent two hours coding a message which
he cabled to a crony who happened to be in
Singapore at the moment. Cheddars was
in an almost desperate position—heavily in
debt, not knowing where to turn for sums
that he needed—in short, in the sort of
mental condition where most men look
out for Number One and become thor-
oughly unscrupulous.

  The man in Singapore had resigned from
the Army a short time before rather than
The Black Star of Narrapore

140

THE BLUE

risk the chance of dismissal if some of his
activities became known. By the merest
fluke nobody had suspected them up to this
time, and his reputation was as good as
ever it had been in Army circles—but hav -
ing thrown overboard personal honor in
his struggle to get clear of the entangle-
ments, he also was now unscrupulous—
ready for any shady adventure which prom-
ised big money. Cheddars’ message read,
decoded:

    Have positive information who will be en-
  trusted with the Maharajah’s proposition—
  the route and boat to London. Cable me
  one thousand pounds which I must have at
  once for urgent needs—agree to five
  th6usand more if you are successful—and I
  will cable you full data on receipt of it.
  Suggest that you impersonate Saltoun of
  the I. S. S. on the boat. Resemblance is
  striking. Govt. Agt. will recognize you as
  him and suppose you are detailed as extra
  precaution. That will make you positive
  you’re on right track. Saltoun supposed to
  be somewhere up Peninsula. Use another
  name but make resemblance perfect.

CO much for the leak from Lieutenant
Cheddars’ intuition. In another case,
one of the Hindu servants who was serving
tea in the drawing-room worked out an
almost identical hypothesis along the same
lines—and communicated with two of his
own caste in Singapore. All, mind you,
without anyone having actually overheard
a single word connecting Lady Follansbee
with the affair. And this, by way of
preliminary, brings the threads of the story
together at Singapore on the afternoon
when Captain Connyngsby put in with the
Argentine Liberator, on his voyage to Lon-
don, to coal at Tanjong Pagar—to pick up
whatever passengers and more recent orders
his agents might have for him.

  As coaling is a messy job at the best, all
the passengers had gone ashore for a round
of the shops in the commercial quarter and
dinner at the Raffles. By the next evening,
with bunkers full, the boat was about to
pull out from the coal-pier when one of
the agents came hurrying aboard with a re-
quest that Connyngsby anchor off the
P. & 0. wharf in Keppel Harbor until later
advices came in from Liverpool. There
was a prospect of picking up a small ship-
ment of tea at Colombo which would fill
the Number Three Hold and be worth put-
ting in for. The shipment wasn’t definitely
fixed, but the agent expected advices next
day that it had been—and the Captain
knew it was good business to wait for them,

though he was by this time fed up with
delays and detours—would have much pre-
ferred going straight through without an-
other stop except for coal at Port Said.

  As it proved, he also picked up three
more passengers by waiting—two Babus,
who spoke better English than the average
and seemed to be men of means, and a
tanned Englishman of thirty-five or forty
who had about him the suggestion of Army
training—the usual reserve of the Britisher
who never speaks of his own affairs, and
a superimposed ability to mix in anywhere
that made him rather liked from the start.
He was on the list as C. Leffingwell Gard-
ner, had served during the German War,
of course, and was vaguely supposed to be
traveling for one of the Oriental exporting
houses. Two young women also had been
added to the saJoon-list while the boat was
coaling—the Misses Weymouth and Tor-
rance, going home to visit relatives in Eng-
land after three years with their parents
in the East. Of the former passengers,
some of whom had been on the boat since
she left New York several months before,
there were Miss Betty Stevens, traveling for
her health; a Mr. Fernshaw, of London;
Mrs. Bently, a wealthy and handsome
widow; two Hongkong merchants and a
married couple.

  As the boat lay anchored out in the har-
bor next morning—most of the passengers
in their deck-chairs under the khaki awn-
ing of the boat-deck, where they could
get all the breeze which happened to be
stirring—Flo Weymouth and Amy Tor-
rance were giving Betty Stevens bits of
the Singapore gossip and amusing her with
their admiration for the boat’s officers.

  “What a perfectly ripping lot of men
you have on board, Miss Stevens! I’m
jolly well pleased we booked on this boat
instead of one of the liners! Of course
one rather expected that Mr. Coffin would
be something out of the ordin’ry, after the
things he’s done. But Captain Connyngs-
by is perfectly fine! Doctor Thayer is
good enough lookin’ to attract any girl—
Mr. Swain another of the same sort, though
he can’t possibly know as much—and Mc-
Tavish is a jolly old dear. Mr. Jennings
and Mr. Fowler are much better bred than
officers you’ll find on boats of the northern
owners. Amy and I like them all—and
four aren’t married. If you’ll tell us which
you’ve picked out for yourself, Miss Stev-
ens, we’ll see if we can’t get a little atten-
tion from the others—though Mrs. Bentlyll
BOOK MAGAZINE

By Stephen Hopkins Orcutt

141

not make it too easy for us. It’s hardly
fair, you know! She must be years older
than any of the four! One fancies she
might rob a cradle if there were nothing
else in sight!”

  “Oh, come now, Miss Weymouth! Give
the lady her due! She really isn’t over
thirty. She’s pretty, and she’s clever, with
money enough to make her independent.
You wouldn’t want the sort of man who’d
be willing to live on a rich wife—would

whim of the moment. It was not even certain
that he had found the wonderful stone in
India at all, but eventually he had turned
up in the Chandni Chowk at Delhi, asking
the jewel-merchants if they or any of the
maharajahs whom they represented cared
to make a bid for the stone. Several of the

you? No self-respecting man would do it
—and that’s more of a handicap to Mrs.
Bently than you might think. And if she’s
too old for these nice men, I am too—be-
cause we’re not so far apart in age.....

Here comes Mr. Fernshaw! You’ll like
him a lot, even if he is married.”

  The introductions were casual—they
really were not needed on shipboard—
and Fernshaw made his customary good
impression. He was entirely at ease any-
where he found himself,—in a moment or
two, indeed, he was asking the girls what
they knew of an occurrence which had been
filling the news-sheets in all of the Oriental
ports—the finding of a great and appar-
ently flawless black diamond somewhere
in India, by an English engineer who had
been traveling pretty much all over the
country with two Pathan bearers. It was
supposed that he had been prospecting for
mineral outcrop of various sorts, because
he had a Government permit for that sort
of thing; but he seemed to have had no
connection with any syndicate, and appar-
ently had been aimlessly wandering through
one province after another according to the

They attempted to bribe some
of the Lascars and were
nearly stabbed.

jewelers had measured and examined it
most carefully—the unanimous opinion be-
ing that no such black diamond ever had
been seen before in any part of the world.
Before there was any risk of murder or
theft, the engineer had sealed it up in a box
and placed it in the up-to-date vaults of the
strongest bank in Delhi. By the merest
chance Amy Torrance, whose father was in
the Government service, supplied additional
data which, up to then, hadn’t gotten into
the newspapers.

   “It is known in official circles that Hard-
ing, the engineer, was around the old
mines of Raolconda and Golconda—which
haven’t been worked for a hundred years
or more. As I understand it, the Nizam
reserves the right to purchase at a nominal
valuation any great stone found in his prov-
ince. This was told to Harding by one of
the I. S. S. men, but he laughed at him—
said they would have to prove that the
stone came from Hyderabad or in fact from
India at all.”

  “Aye—he had them there! No black
diamond above a few carats ever has been
found outside of Borneo. That’s not to
say, however, that none ever will be.”

  “At all events they made nothing out
of Harding with that sort of talk. But one
The Black Star of Narrapore

of the dealers in the Chandni Chowk, who
represents His Highness the Maharajah of
Narrapore, had a conference with him in
which he pointed out that it would be very
difficult for Harding, alone, to get the
stone as far as Europe without having it
stolen and perhaps losing his life—that
when it was sold, there possibly would be
litigation with various native princes in
India claiming the stone was found in their
own provinces—and that he would better
take a reasonable sum then and there.
Narrapore offered, he said, a couple of lakhs
for the stone—no questions asked, all fur-
ther responsibility assumed by him. After
considering this for a day or two, Harding
accepted the offer—got the two lakhs in
certified checks—had nothing further to do
with the diamond. Then Narrapore offered
it as a gift to the British Crown on condi-
tion that Government would have it cut
in Amsterdam to the largest brilliant ob-
tainable from the stone, and call it the
Black Star of Narrapore. The home Gov-
ernm’nt accepted through the Governor of
India, who is sending it to England almost
immediately, insured by Lloyd’s—probably
through the special service of the Royal
Mails.”

  “Do you happen to know, Miss Tor-
rance, what the stone weighs in the rough?”

  “As I recall it, three hundred and fifteen
carats and nine sixty-fourths is the ac-
cepted weight. At least half a dozen of the
Chandni Chowk dealers figured it very care-
fully.”

  Femshaw’s lips puckered in a whistle.

  “Gad! I mean to see that thing at first
opportunity. It must be absolutely unique
—superb! Did you hear anything about
its shape?”

  “Somewhat like a small potato, they say
—very much like the Cullinan before it
was cut, though of course much smaller.”

  “H-m-m—if there are no faults in the
cleavage, such a stone might be cut to a
brilliant of around two hundred carats.
But when they come to splitting along the
grain they may have to make two or three
smaller gems of it, as was done with the
Cullinan. At all events, they’ll get one bril-
liant of somewhere between one hundred
fifty and two hundred—and an estimated
value of half a million sterling would
be merely tentative, because there is noth-
ing like it in the whole world. I couldn’t
understand the inducement for Narrapore
to present it to the Crown, at first, but if
they name it after him, he will get far more

THE BLUE

142

personal advertising than if he kept an’
wore it himself—not such a bad political
move, either, considering the conditions
throughout India.

  “What I don’t see is why Harding left
it go for any such sum as two lakhs! Two
hundred thousand rupees would be around
fourteen thousand pounds—or sixty-seven
thousand American dollars. Supposing he
got that stone as far as the Bank of Eng-
land vaults in London, or some bank in
New York, and it were not tied up by the
courts,—which I consider a remote contin-
gency,—he quite easily could have found
a purchaser who would have paid a hun-
dred thousand pounds for it—possibly
double that. His taking the two lakhs is
a confession of weakness somewhere. It’s
a tidy enough bit of money to pocket with
no questions asked and no come-back that
can implicate him in any way, but every-
one who knows anything about the history
of precious stones would be practically con-
vinced that the thing never was found in
India.

  “That means Borneo—with the restric-
tions which all of the Malay sultans put
upon any jewels found in their states. The
Dutch Governm’nt itself wouldn’t put for-
ward any claim, but the sultans might
through the Dutch courts if they got a
clue as to Harding’s wanderings—and when
the Dutch courts start anything, they usu-
ally go through with it. Harding is in a
vastly diff’rent position from the Mahara-
jah, because he’d go broke fighting any
sort of litigation—while Narrapore, with
millions in his bank accounts, can sit back
and say: ‘Prove where the Black Star
was found! I know—you don’t! The
stone is mine, and I’ll do what I please
with it!’ The point which seems regret-
table is that after all his wanderings and
the constant risk he ran, Harding should
have to be satisfied with a trifling fourteen
thousand pounds.”

CEVERAL times during the first dinner,
as the boat steamed up Malacca Strait
after leaving Singapore, Captain Connyngs-
by shot a puzzled glance at the passenger
who had booked as C. Leffingwell Gardner.
Being rather keen at remembering faces, he
was positive the man was really Major
Harry Saltoun of the Indian Secret Serv-
ice, who had sailed with him upon two or
three former occasions and who had the
reputation of being able to spend days in
the bazaars as a Hindu or Pathan or
BOOK MAGAZINE

By Stephen Hopkins Orcutt

143

Parsee without detection. If Saltoun were
detailed on special service, it seemed almost
certain that he would have changed his ap-
pearance to some extent. But merely to
book under another name when he was
likely to be recognized in any of the Orien-
tal ports seemed an odd thing to do, to say
the least. He gave no indication of ever
having seen the Captain before—which pre-
vented Connyngsby from making the slight-
est advance lest he crab the other man’s
game, whatever it was. But the thing
stuck in his mind.

 The younger women on board had
started without delay a campaign of fem-
inine bedevilment against the attractive of-
ficers and were getting their full share of
attention, even from the master himselt—
but in some of their councils of war—state-
room conferences—they were forced to ad-
mit that when Betty Stevens had some
reason of her own for wishing to monopolize
any particular man, none of the other
women stood a ghost of a show—not even
Mrs. Bently with her wealth and fascina-
tion. It was finally concluded that this
was due more to Miss Stevens being almost
one of the ship’s crew because of her several
months on board since leaving New York
than to any superior quality of attraction
about herself—but in this belief they were
very far out. Betty Stevens had gone
through some rather trying situations with
the Argentine and her officers—who knew
her to be a dead game sport in any emer-
gency and had more solid admiration for
the girl herself than for any other woman
of their acquaintance. She probably could
have married any unattached man on board
if he had the slightest idea that she would
consider it.

  A ship at sea is a little world by itself
—which is why so many lifelong friendships
ripen in the few days or weeks of the voy-
age. Each new arrival at the ports of call
is studied for indications of his or her breed
and type before getting fairly up the gang-
plank—and is absorbed in a few hours
without a ripple. At Colombo, Lady Fol-
lansbee was recognized as a personage be-
fore she and one of the Ceylon Government
officials got as far as the Captain—though
she was booked without title, merely as
Mrs. Hortensia Follansbee, and appeared
to be traveling with a single maid, who was
berthed in a separate stateroom. The Gov-
ernment man seemed to have come down to
see her off merely as an old personal friend,
—he wasn’t even in uniform,—but when

there was nobody else within hearing, he
told Connyngsby that Government expected
him to look after Her Ladyship very
closely—that because of her views upon
certain Indian questions she had received a
number of threatening letters which, fi-
nally, had begun to get on her nerves until
her physician had sent her home to recu-
perate. The official said it was scarcely
possible that any of her enemies could be
aboard the Argentine Liberator, inasmuch
as nobody knew she was sailing until she
came aboard, but there might be somebody
at Aden or Port Sai'd. Connyngsby, who
had met Her Ladyship before, assured him
that she would be taken care of—and when
he went ashore, turned to her with a low
question:

   “It’s to be Mrs. Follansbee—not? Aye?”

  “Er—quite so, Captain. I’m delighted
to find you in command—we must have
some good long chats. And if I drop a
hint, you wont question it until afterward,
will you? There’s a man farther along the
gangway who may take it upon himself to
presume a little—but I don’t mean to
recognize him at all. Sorry he’s aboard—
can’t be helped, I fancy.”

IT must not be inferred that Lady Follans-
4 bee was a bluestocking or the aggressive
club-woman type, because she occasionally
read papers before women’s societies and
had a gift for politics under the rose. She
was unobtrusive, good-looking, a thorough-
bred from head to foot, a woman sure of
herself in any circumstances. It was a fair
sample of her intuition when she picked
Betty Stevens for her first steamer-friend-
ship on board. The two were temperamen-
tally congenial.

  Snaith, as “C. Leffingwell Gardner,”
didn’t approach Lady Follansbee until he
had managed to hear her addressed with-
out her title and picked up a few little de-
tails which convinced him that Cheddars’
information was well-founded. But after a
while he strolled along to where she and
Betty Stevens were chatting in their deck-
chairs, removed his sun hat as Betty intro-
duced them, and smilingly remarked:

   “Mrs. Follansbee and I have met before,
I believe?”

   Unfolding her lorgnette, Her Ladyship
calmly looked him over before speaking.

   “That is quite possible, Mr.-—er—Gard-
ner. One is constantly meeting all sorts
of people, everywhere. I’ll not contradict
you, of course—it’s a matter of no conse-
The Black Star of Narrapore

144

qu’nce on shipboard. —Er—you were say-
ing, Miss Stevens?”

  It could have been taken as a rebuff or
not, as he pleased. With Miss Stevens’ in-
troduction, he could have remained stand-
ing there and would have been included in
their conversation, more or less, when he
seemed disposed to stay on that basis. But
if Lady Follansbee had recognized the man
for the impostor he was, studied out a re-
mark and manner that would puzzle him
the most concerning her, she couldn’t have
hit upon anything more effective. Snaith
was completely jarred from his self-posses-
sion and acted as if he had been caught
either in a brazen attempt to claim ac-
quaintance with no grounds whatever, or
had received a most unjust and insulting
facer. With merely a courteous bow, he
strolled away to chat with some of the girls
who .liked him.

  From Her Ladyship’s point of view, it
appeared self-evident that in spite of her
distinct objection to having any of the
I. S. S. men accompany her as a matter of
extra precaution, Major Carstairs had in-
sisted upon sending one after all—though
by getting him aboard at Singapore, he
probably thought it impossible for anybody
to associate the man with the mission she
had undertaken. But she had lived in the
East long enough to know that she had
been absolutely right in refusing an of-
ficial guard, that the presence of such an
official on board easily might bring suspi-
cion upon herself at some unexpected mo-
ment. Had it not been for one vague
doubt in her mind, she would have sent a
radio to Carstairs that she would place the
matter in Major Saltoun’s hands at once
and leave the boat at Port Sa'id—she was
that provoked. This doubt was a some-
thing about the masquerading Gardner
which didn’t ring quite true. If Saltoun
really were on special service which had no
connection with her affair, he was suffi-
ciently clever in his character-impersona-
tions to fool anybody who knew him well
without altering his facial appearance. It
easily might be that—in which case, her
annoyance at Carstairs was unfounded. On
the other hand, if the man actually was
traveling under his own name and merely
bore a close resemblance to the I. S. S. of-
ficer, she didn’t see how he could suspect
her own mission. His claiming former ac-
quaintance with her might have been done
in perfect good faith by some man who had
been introduced with a crowd of others,

By Stephen Hopkins Orcutt

but she could recall nobody who so closely
resembled Saltoun, and finally decided that
he must be on detached service for the
Indian Government and had taken that
means of warning her not to address him
by his own name. In that case he could
have asked for nothing better than her
manner toward him. They had been intro-
duced as strangers and could be courteous
to each other as shipmates without implying
previous acquaintance in any way.

rTO Betty Stevens, however, the incident
was sufficiently odd to arouse a specu-
lative interest in her mind. Lady Follans-
bee had given every indication of being
considerate to everyone, so that her action
was surprising if she had no grounds for it.
But the supposed Mr. Gardner had given
a favorable impression from the moment
he came aboard; it seemed impossible that
he would chance any such rebuff unless he
supposed that she would recognize him as
a former acquaintance. So after a moment
or two Betty asked:

  “What’s wrong about Mr. Gardner?
We’ve quite liked him since he came aboard
at Singapore.”

  “I think I may tell you something in
confidence, Miss Stevens—because you’ve
sense enough to see the trouble you might
be making if you blabbed. Mr. Gardner
is really Major Somebody Else of the
I. S. S. I fancy he claimed acquaintance as
he did merely as a warning that I must not
address him by his own name—which would
imply that he’s on detached service of some
sort. He is somehow vaguely diff’rent from
the man I know, in his little mannerisms—
but he’s so frightfully good at all sorts of
characterizations that he may have been
trying to make me do just what I did—
fail to recognize him. If he’s not the Gov-
ernm’nt man, then I can’t recall any occa-
sion upon which we ever met, because the
resemblance is so close that I certainly
would have spoken of it at the time.”

  “H-m-m—that accounts for something in
the Captain’s manner. I’ve caught an oc-
casional glance at Gardner—whom he must
think he knew on some other boat, though
the man doesn’t seem to know Connyngs-
by.”

  As for the supposed Gardner, he was
completely up in the air until he’d had a
chance to reason out something approxi-
mately close to the real situation. As Char-
lie Snaith of the —th Rifles, he had met
Lady Follansbee upon several occasions, and
Gardner was on his feet in
stantly. “Are you hurt?”

knew that she was even better acquainted
with Major Saltoun, but with his black
mustache, and in uniform, the resemblance
between them was scarcely noticeable. In
this impersonation of the Major, he knew
beyond question that she must suppose him
to be the I. S. S. man—indeed he had been
addressed as Saltoun on the streets in Sing-
apore before coming aboard. He could
vaguely understand that she might suppose
him to be on detached service and think it
suited his book to consider him a stranger
—but, again, she could hardly do that after
he had claimed previous acquaintance. If
she were engaged by the Governor to carry
out the mission Cheddars had seemed so
positive about, it seemed to him that she
must welcome having assistance close at
hand in case of emergency. Her whole
manner seemed to indicate that Cheddars,
somehow, had been mistaken and had led
him on a fruitless chase. But—Cheddars
needed money too urgently to make a mis-
take of that sort. Conceivably, he must
have known what he was talking about. If
he was right, Snaith’s impersonation of
Saltoun didn’t seem to be getting him any-
where. If she took him for Saltoun, there
was a strong inference either that she didn’t
trust him,—hardly a supposable theory,—
that she was not carrying out any Govern-
ment mission, or that, if so, she was de-
termined to play a lone hand and take no-
body into her confidence. He didn’t know
what to think. But he was playing a lone
hand himself—and it presently seemed to
him that her attitude might be turned to
his advantage. As for Connyngsby—
Snaith, of course, had no knowledge of any
former acquaintance between him and the
Major, so had no idea that the Captain
considered him a Government officer.

  Like Snaith, the two Babus didn’t con-

145

  sider it possible that such information
  as had come to them could have been ob-
  tained by anyone else in Singapore in time
  to book on the Argentine. They had no
  suspicion that he might be in the game; it
  never occurred to him that they had sailed
  with the same object. Each was concen-
  trating only upon Lady Follansbee, and
  each was fully as much in doubt about
  their information having been correct. Or-
  dinarily the Babus would have had the ad-
  vantage over any European from their skill
  in hypnotism and ability completely to
  disappear when one had been speaking to
  them a second before—but the Ceylon of-
  ficial’s hint to Connyngsby had just about
  spiked any effort they could make. The
  Captain had understood that she was being
  threatened by Orientals, hence his first
  orders in her case had been to Swain, (chief
  steward and acting purser) to have his
  stewards maintain the closest possible
  watch upon the two Babus, as they were
  the only Orientals on the boat at the time,
  except the Lascars of their own crew, who
  were known to be intensely loyal. The re-
  sult was that they had no opportunity for
  getting anywhere near her or her stateroom
  —one of the stewards invariably turning up
  with some perfectly courteous message
  which prevented even a word with her. It
  afterward came out that they had at-
  tempted to bribe some of the Lascars and
  were nearly stabbed for their pains. After
  that, the Lascars helped the stewards in
  keeping track of them—but neither, of
  course, made the slightest attempt to inter-
  fere with Snaith’s movements or consider
The Black Star of Narrapore

them suspicious. It had gotten about the
ship, in the way nobody ever satisfactorily
explains, that he belonged to the Raj—
which gave him pretty much carte blanche.
Had he known to what extent this went,
he might have been more careless than he
was.

VY7E have now in hand all of the different
threads leading up to what occurred
on the second night out from Colombo.
Lady Follansbee was too clever to invite
comment by cutting the supposed Mr.
Gardner after he had been introduced to
her—particularly when she saw that he
was popular. So she permitted the usual
steamer-acquaintance with him, finding the
man an interesting conversationalist, as, of
course, she had known from previous oc-
casions ashore. After dinner on this par-
ticular night—one of the loveliest she ever
had seen on the Sea of Arabia—she had
gone up to her deck-chair with the other
passengers, and Gardner had dropped into
one next her while he finished his cigar.
There was enough of a roll so that the chairs
would have shifted, now and then, had it
not been for the marline which lashed
them to the rail, and, as always in a bit
of a sea, the usual noises, creakings, rum-
blings of the boat herself as a subdued un-
dertone. Presently, during a more pro-
nounced list to starboard, Lady Follansbee
stopped what she was saying, with a slight
exclamation of pain. Gardner was on his
feet instantly with extended hand.

  “Er—beg pardon—but—are you hurt?”

  “It’s nothing, I fancy! Just a bit of a
stab in my thigh—possibly a nail, or a
splinter from my chair.”

  “If you’ll permit me, we’d best examine
the chair and find out which! A rusty
nail, you know, calls for antiseptic at
once!”

  He helped her out of the chair and ran
his fingers along the edge of the wood—
hard maple, and in the deep shadow cast
by one of the power-launches swinging from
its heavy davits. In a few seconds he held
up a sharp splinter in the moonlight—hav-
ing loosened it with his pocket-knife when
everyone was below at dinner.

  “Fancy it must have been this, Mrs. Fol-
lansbee! I can feel no trace of a nail.
Most of the fastenings on these deck-chairs
are screws, you know. The end is quite
sharp, as you see—hardwood.”

  “Oh, it was that, undoubtedly! . . . .
Thanks, a lot! Let’s see—where were we?”

THE BLUE

146

  Continuing the chat for another few
minutes, she presently got out of her chair
again—said she was going below to her
stateroom.

  “Fancy I must have eaten too much at
dinner—that pudding was unusually good!
When I overindulge, I get sleepy. No—
don’t bother, please! I’m a good sailor.
Good night!”

  In thinking it over next day, it seemed to
her that by the time she reached her
stateroom she was so sleepy she could
scarcely keep her eyes open—it was an
effort to strip off her clothes, get into pa-
jamas and tumble into her berth. As her
maid would be along presently, she didn’t
lock. the door, for it was her habit to
wake instinctively at the slightest unusual
sound. According to the maid’s account,
she opened the door not over ten minutes
later—she was accustomed to putting the
room in order for the night before her
mistress appeared, then wait to brush and
braid her hair. But finding the lady so
sound asleep that no question wakened her,
she braided the hair as best she could—
straightened the clothes and the room and
then went out, supposing that Lady Fol-
lansbee would wake from her nap in a little
while and bolt the door as usual.

  Before the bugle sounded for breakfast,
a much frightened maid ran below to
Swain, in the purser’s office, and told him
she feared her mistress was dead—lying
against the door. Going up with her at
once, after sending a steward along for
Doctor Thayer, he found the door unlocked
but held by what he feared was Her Lady-
ship’s body. Pushing it back with the
door as gently as he could, he squeezed in-
side and lifted her upon the berth—find-
ing to his amazement that she was fully
conscious, but gagged and bound. Prompt-
ly releasing her, he and the maid were
bathing face and neck with cold water when
Thayer came in. The Doctor found in a
few moments that she was apparently little
the worse for her experience and thought
her quite able to come below for breakfast
when she rather weakly suggested it.

  “My room has been completely over-
hauled, as you see, Doctor—everything
turned inside-out—steamer-trunk pulled
from under the berth, ransacked and then
shoved back again! I’ve no idea what has
been taken, and I’ll not bother with it until
after breakfast. When I find out, I’ll have
a talk with the Captain, of course—but
meanwhile you and Mr. Swain will please
BOOK MAGAZINE

147

avoid mentioning this to anybody! Mary’11
not blab—she’s been with me too long.
Now run along, please, and let me dress.
My word! How that gag made my jaws
ache! Thank you both—so much!”

P\URING breakfast there was one man
^ in the saloon who casually glanced at
Lady Follansbee and addressed an occa-
sional remark to her as usual—he was very
much on his guard to do this in exactly
the manner he had used before, and not to
betray that he was more than ordinarily
interested in her appearance at the mo-
ment. But an uneasy feeling, almost fear
Of something unexpected, seeped through
him as he noted that she seemed none the
worse for her night’s experience and gave
no evidence of being worried about any-
thing. Better than anyone else on board,
he knew that she should be fairly sick with
worry, and the unconcerned manner in
which she chatted and ate her breakfast,
with apparently good appetite, made him
wonder if by any possibility he could have
been recognized by a seemingly uncon-
scious woman. After breakfast she went
in a leisurely way up to the Captain’s cabin
—shutting the door when he would have
left it open.

  “Captain—something occurred last night
which makes it necessary to ask for your
assistance at once. You’ve read the news-
sheets accounts of the wonderful black
diamond known as the Black Star of Narra-
pore? In fact, I heard you discussing it
with some of the ladies. It was accepted
from the Maharajah by the Governor of
India on behalf of the Crown—and the
sending of any great jewel such a distance
is always a serious matter involving some
risk. A few have been sent through the
registered mails without mishap—but this
stone is unique. The Governor’s first de-
cision was to send it by two of the I. S. S.
men, traveling as merchants or tourists, but
there was the risk of their being spotted.

I had successfully carried out missions for
the Government upon former occasions, and
it was thought that I would be less likely
to be suspected than any man would be—
so I was entrusted with the stone, which
I’ve been carrying in a chamois pouch
strapped next to my skin in a position
where it wouldn’t be noticeable through
my clothes. Last night, I fancy I must
have been drugged in some way, my room
was turned upside-down—and evidently I
was handled rather unscrupulously while

By Stephen Hopkins Orcutt

unconscious. The stone is gone. Nobody
knows of this except my maid, Mr. Swain.
Doctor Thayer—and yourself. I suppose
you may feel it necess’ry to enlist the
services of two or three of your officers in
trying to recover the diamond—but I
fancy you’d best limit the knowledge to as
few as possible. Of course, on a boat of
this size, one might conceal such a thing
where it wouldn’t be found for years. But
at least you can prevent anybody from
going ashore without a thorough search of
person and luggage. There was some talk
of your stopping for passengers at Aden,
but I understand that was left optional with
you to some extent—you can easily find a
reason for not doing it. That would give
us from now until we coal at Port Sai'd.
If we don’t find it by then, it might be
tossed ashore through one of the ports
when we’re tied up at the coal-wharves.
Now—what -do you suggest?”

r^ONNYNGSBY was, for a moment, very
much upset—realizing the unpleasant
notoriety resulting from anything of the
sort on his boat, even though no responsi-
bility could attach to him or his officers.
For a second or two, indeed, he wondered
if he were quite sure as to that. Reach-
ing into a drawer of his desk for an excep-
tionally good cigar, he lighted it—puffed
for a minute before answering:

  “I’d say, I fancy, that we’d best put the
very best brains we’ve got aboard on this
job—have a conference up here where we
may question you upon points which you'
may not have considered important. Seems
to me we’ll get ahead faster, much more
certainly, by sitting down an’ thinking this
matter out than attempting to ransack the
whole ship. What?”

  “My idea precisely, Captain! I’ve
heard it said that you’ve a good head—
and I’m sure of it now. Who do you sug-
gest?”

  “Ned Coffin—whom you’ll know from
the press accounts is a top-side man in the
mate line. Doctor Thayer, Swain, Mc-
Tavish, who’ll be able to spot anything
suspicious in the engine-room an’ stoke-
hold gangs—an’ I fancy we may get valu-
able assistance from Miss Stevens. She’s
by way of being personal secretary to one
of the big American railway magnates, ac-
customed to handling all sorts of problems
—an’ she thinks a good bit faster than I
do. Been on this boat so long that she’s
almost one of us. So has Fernshaw—who’s
The Black Star of Narrapore

148

THE BLUE

a confidential agent for Lloyd’s an’ vitally
interested in this particular stone, inasmuch
as they’ve insured it for a staggering price.”
“I’d rather bring him into the matter at
some later time if we are unsuccessful.
Miss Stevens and the others I approve
without reservation—but I fancy that will
be enough to find the stone if it’s to be
done in a quiet way, and we may rely upon
their being close-mouthed.”

  One by one, watching their chance to
slip up the port ladder to the bridge unob-
served, and then along to Connyngsby’s
cabin, the others dropped in—after which
the door was locked. Ned Coffin’s first
question was as to whether Lady Follansbee
suspected any one person.

  “No. I looked about my room very care-
fully for any little object which might have
been dropped—for noticeable finger-marks
—but I couldn’t find a clue of any sort.
I must have been in a very heavy sleep
from the time I tumbled into my berth
until sometime after sunrise when I found
myself gagged and bound—tried to get up
—and fell against the door. There’s no
doubt that I was drugged. Have you any
Lascars, Malays or Hindus in the galley,
Mr. Swain?”

  “Not one! French, Scotch and Irish.”
“Have you any stewards who might,
conceivably, attempt anything like this?”
“Fancy not. Some of our stewards were
bribed in a case of attempted piracy on the
way up from Batavia to Manila—but we
got rid of every one and overhauled the
new ones very thoroughly before taking
them on—looked up the references of each
man. Our Lascars, for’ard, have been tested
a dozen times—an unusually fine picked lot.
In fact, I’d say rather positively that one
of the passengers got the stone!”

  Coffin nodded emphatically—he felt
pretty certain as to the thief.

  “My idea exactly, Tommy! And you’ll
find the two Babus have the stone! They
may be in the pay of some maharajah, or
acting on their own, but any Oriental could
dispose of that diamond for a higher price
than a white man, with no questions asked.
Such a stone would be what they’re always
looking for to stick on the Number One
idol in some temple—”

  “Well—that’s true enough. But those
two Babus have been watched more closely
than anyone else from the moment they
stepped aboard, on the chance that they
might have some intention of murdering
Her Ladyship. The tip from that Govern-

m’nt chap at Colombo led us to suspect
something of the sort—though of course we
know now that the object was a diff’rent
one entirely. Well, those two Hindus were
playing chess in the smoke-room an’ drink-
ing their everlawsting sherbets from the
time Lady Follansbee went below until the
lights were turned off. They went directly
to their room, taking the chess-board with
them—kept their light burning until four-
bells in the morning, and smoke coming
through the blind. From two until six the
night-shift of the saloon stewards didn’t see
either one come out—though I fancy they
might have climbed out of their window
without being seen. One of the Lascars
was on watch along that gangway, but he
might have gone for’ard for a couple of
minutes. I’d say there’ll be scarcely a
chance of their bein’ mixed up in this.”

C WAIN’S data was disappointing to most
of them, because they had jumped to
the conclusion that the only Oriental pas-
sengers on board were most probably the
thieves, and fully half stuck to that belief.
But an idea occurred to the Captain:

  “I say! We’ve an I. S. S. man aboard,
you know—though I’ve respected his in-
cognito on the chance that he’s on special
service. Seems to me we should bring him
into this—he’d have a lot of native data
that would never occur to us. What?”
There were two immediate protests.

  “No! I object to that very strongly,
Captain!” This from Mrs. Follansbee.

  “I think it might prove a serious mis-
take, Captain,” said Betty Stevens. “You’re
referring of course to Mr. Gardner. We
all like him more or less—he seems to be
as straight as a string, and yet there’s some-
thing about him which has been puzzling
me for the last two days. I don’t know a
thing against the man, but he’s about the
last one I’d bring into this!”

  “What’s Your Ladyship’s objection?”
“I’m reasonably sure, as you are, that
Gardner is really Major Saltoun—but at
times I’m by no means positive.”

  “Hmph! It just occurs to me that
there’ll be a way of testing that. Saltoun
was in the war, of course—struck by shell-
fragment at second Ypres—inside of right
leg above the knee—never healed properly.
If anything whacks him in just that spot,
he’s almost crazy with pain for a moment
or two. Well—I’ll stumble against him be-
fore long an’ manage to whack it. Then
we’ll know—positively!”
BOOK MAGAZINE

By Stephen Hopkins Orcutt

149

  “He’s not claiming to be Saltoun, on
board. If you find he’s not, you prove
nothing more than a case of strong resem-
blance—nothing in the least against the
man, who may not even know of it.”
“Your Ladyship says that you were un-
questionably drugged—because you never
slept like that before? Now—unless it’s
some particular dish you’ve asked for,
something the chef knows you particularly
like, nobody in the galley would know who

“Evidently I was handled
rather unscrupulously while

personage like the Sultan of Bungi-Trelak.
Her Ladyship has the corresponding one
on the starboard side,” replied Swain.

  “Could the bath be used by Mr. Gardner
—from his room?”

  “If he wished to pay four bob a day

was getting any one dish or cup of coffee.
Your saloon-steward is the Captain’s man
Bobbs—been on the Line seven years, with
a top-side record. I’ll swear he didn’t drug
you or would even accept any special dish
from the galley without mentioning it. If
drugged, it must have been somewhere else.
Can you think of any circumst’nce when
such a thing might have happened?”

  “Not unless a splinter from a maple
deck-chair would put me into such a sleep
as that! Mr. Gardner and I were chatting
on the boat-deck when I shifted about in
my chair and ran the splinter into my
thigh. He helped me up, then found the
thing—broke it off and showed it to me.
Dare say it may be down there in the scup-
pers yet—”

  “When was this?”

  “Ten or fifteen minutes before I went
below, last night.”

 A soundless whistle puckered Miss
Stevens’ lips. She casually asked:

  “Who has the comer room, for’ard—next
to Mr. Gardner’s?”

  “Vacant. That and its adjoining bath
form one of the two de-luxe staterooms—
usually reserved for owners’ friends or some

more for it. The bath communicates with
both staterooms through doors which may
be bolted on either side. Of course, if
Gardner had been using the bath, it would
have been reported by his room-steward—
but he’s not. Saves his money by havin’
a regular hour in one of the public baths.”
Betty changed the subject as if it no
longer interested her.

   “It seems to me we’ll get on faster, from
here, if we try to figure it out by deduction.
Doctor, you’ve been on the boat long
enough to know the whole crew pretty well,
and you’ll admit that whoever figured out
the plan to steal the diamond as it was
stolen must have a more clever brain than
the average person—not? Well, can you
think of any Lascar, stoker, greaser, or
steward, whose brains are in that class?”
Doctor Thayer shook his head.

   “I can’t think of a single one—and I’ve
talked with or prescribed for all of them!
The Black Star of Narrapore	THE BLUE

150

The Lascars are more or less psychic, like I could recover it within an hour or so.

all Orientals, intuition cultivated to a sur-
prising degree, but they lack the initiative
to do things on their own. The stokers
are mostly animals, or they wouldn’t take
that sort of a job. Greasers a notch or
two more intelligent—they have to be if
they keep fingers and limbs from being
crushed by machinery in motion. Stewards
—well, you occasionally meet one with a
first-class head, but he doesn’t ship as
steward more than one or two voyages.
Ours are of average intelligence, but they
lack both the nerve and the initiative to
figure out anything like this and get away
with it.”

  “Then, as Lady Follansbee was the only
passenger who came aboard at Colombo,
and as there was no thought of sending the
stone by her until two days before we left
Singapore, that would seem to eliminate
everybody on board except the two Babus,
Gardner, Flo Weymouth and Amy Tor-
rance, who came aboard there. On fairly
strong circumstantial evidence, there’s no
other conclusion to be reached than that
—is there?”

  “H-m-m—now that you’ve put it in that
clean-cut way, Miss Betty, I think I’d agree
with you. On any logical basis, the rest of
us must take the same view. And I’d point
out that if you eliminate all of the crew
upon the ground of insufficient brains, you
must leave out the two girls as well—not?
Nice attractive girls, good company, read
the popular novels and some of the gazettes
—but most certainly not with the sort of
brains this calls for.”

  “All right! I wont push this to a snap
conclusion just now—overconfidence makes
as many mistakes as ignorance. Let’s ge^
another slant. Assuming that you, person-
ally, have brains enough for this,—and I
guess nobody here will dispute that,—what
would be your probable course, if your plan
worked out successfully and you’d actually
gotten the stone into your possession?
What you figure on as the safest disposition
you could make of it—at once?”

  “That requires a little thought. You see,
up to this time, I’ve never stolen a jewel of
that size. I would know instinctively that
I and my baggage would be searched,
sooner or later—every cranny of my state-
room also. I’d try to think of a place
where it could be safely concealed until the
boat was entering the Thames, if necessary
—some place where it wouldn’t occur to
anyone else to look for it, and yet where

Might even leave it until the boat sailed
on her next voyage and then book on her,
no matter which way she was going.”
“Precisely! Nine men out of ten would
follow that line of reasoning after getting
the stone! Well, our problem is to find
that place within the next seven days, be-
fore we reach Port Said. It looks to me as
if that’s all there is to it.”

  Connyngsby grinned—then the troubled
look came back into his face.

  “Hmph! That ‘all’ will take some doing,
Miss Betty—on a boat of this size!”
“Not if we do it with our heads, Captain
—instead of trying to find the needle in the
haystack with our hands and feet. The
man who did find it dug down into the hay
with a flash-light at just the one spot where
it was lost, you know—he wasted no time
on the rest of the stack.”

VV/HEN the conference broke up, Miss
” Stevens went below with the mate and
Thayer to Coffin’s room on the main-deck,
where she closed the door—and then asked
them who stole the diamond. Ned Coffin,
with a gesture of impatience, said: “The
two Babus, of course!” Betty smiled at
him in a slightly maternal way.

  “Neddie, boy—you’ve done so many big
things on this boat that I’ve been expect-
ing you to blow up and show a streak of
poor judgment somewhere. Now if you
weren’t frightfully upset over the probable
effect of this on the boat and all of you,
when it gets out, you wouldn’t be so apt
to jump at conclusions—you’d use your
bean to better advantage. What do you
say, Doctor?”

  “Gardner! Without much question. He
jabbed a hypodermic into Her Ladyship’s
thigh, in the deep shadow behind that
launch—and didn’J; even have to pick the
lock of her door! He figured that she’d be
too far gone to get out of her berth after
Mary left the room.”

  “After that splinter story, it’s pretty
nearly a cinch, isn’t it? All right! Now
let’s go up and get that stone while the
getting’s good! One of you pass the word
to Lady Follansbee and the Captain to
keep Gardner on the boat-deck, aft, for a
good hour and a half, if possible. Then get
a big screw-driver, a small one, a good-
sized gimlet—and a pocket flash-light—
wrapped up in a parcel, so that nobody
will know what you’re carrying. One by
one, we’ll sneak into that big for’ard room
BOOK MAGAZINE	By Stephen Hopkins Orcutt

151

when nobody is looking. One of you get
the key from Tommy and tell him to keep
mum. Come along, now! No telling how
long it may take us!”

  The walls of the officers’ rooms on the
main-deck were simply the ship’s plating
covered with two coats of white enamel,
but the passengers’ staterooms on the boat-
deck were sheathed in yellow pine as far
as the ceiling and painted with the same
enamel, so that between the cushioned
transoms and the outer plating of the deck-
house there was a space with a depth of
four inches providing a pocket for the
windows and their blinds.

  When they were in the room, Betty’s
first action was to go down on her knees
with the flash-light and closely examine the
wooden sheathing under the lower berth
and under the transom, opposite. In a mo-
ment or two she reached up for the little
screw-driver and commenced scraping at
the cracks where one of the yellow pine
strips joined the others on either side—for
the light showed that it had been sawed
through, close to the deck and the under
side of the transom. In the third strip
from it, she also noticed the point of a
wood-screw which had been driven in from
the space back of it. Loosening and prying
out the strip with the big screw-driver, she
reached her arm through the opening and
felt around for the head of that screw. As
she expected, her fingers touched a steel
wire suspended from a round screw-eye—
and hanging from that wire, was a tightly
wrapped package which she pulled out. In
it they found the chamois pouch, with its
straps, and a malevolently sparkling chunk
which gleamed and flashed in the sunlight
that came through the forward port.

  They were so fascinated with the won-
derful thing that they wasted precious time
examining it, until Betty realized this and
set to work putting back the strip under
the transom and filling the cracks with
bread-crumbs as she had found it. Lock-
ing and bolting the bathroom door on
Gardner’s side, they managed to leave the
room without being seen, then went below
to the purser’s office, where, after seeing
what they had, Tommy Swain immediately
sent for Lady Follansbee. When she joined
them, he suggested her doing up the stone
in a waterproof package and sealing it with
her ring—then permitting him to place it
in the boat’s strong-room just under where
he was standing, assuring her it was the
latest thing in steel safety-vaults installed

upon any ship. This she consented to do.

  “I considered it when I came aboard, but
there is the risk of collision at sea, running
foul of a derelict and foundering—in which
case there’d be no time to get it. If we
were on deep-water, it would be lost for-
ever, you know. But I fear I must take
that chance, now. By the way, the Cap-
tain accidentally knocked Gardner’s leg
with a camp-stool—and apologized. Gard-
ner merely grinned—said he scarcely
noticed it. But that merely proves he’s not
Saltoun—which he never has claimed.”

  “Hmph! I’ll prove a darned sight more
than that in a few days, I guess! Just
wait until he wants Tommy Swain to shift
him into that corner room!”

UALFWAY up the Red Sea, after having
found the steward had locked him
out of the bath and corner room, as he
supposed—Gardner made this request upon
the ground that it was better ventilated and
that he wasn’t feeling quite fit. He made
no demur over the extra price for that
room, but didn’t care to pay for the bath
—which was then locked against the cor-
ner room. And the first hour that he spent
in his new quarters he was closely watched
by five people through the bathroom bulk-
head by means of tiny gimlet-holes. As
Miss Stevens had foreseen, one of his first
acts was to get down and pry out that strip
under the transom. He was cursing when
he stood up again.

  Connyngsby had all the evidence he
needed to put the man in the brig for the
remainder of the voyage and turn him over
to the London authorities, but there seemed
nothing to be gained by it. If Gardner
brazened it out, the case against him
wasn’t any too good—supposing, for ex-
ample, that he swore he’d been merely
groping under the transom for a miss-
ing cuff-button. (Gimlet-holes are pretty
small.) The fellow was punished enough
in his disappointment over losing the stone
after actually having it in his possession—-
but the main consideration was the advis-
ability of suppressing all evidence that the
diamond was or had been on the boat at
any time.

  At Tilbury a launch with two King’s
Messengers and several Secret Service men
■from the Foreign Office took Lady Follans-
bee off, while her maid went in a car to the
Savoy with the luggage—and they didn’t
leave her until the Black Star of Narrapore
was safely in the Bank of England vaults!
The action is fast
and furious in this,
the climax of the
best novel yet writ-
ten by the author
of “Tyrell of the
Cow Country" and
"Hidden Trails.”

Go-getter

 Gary

The Story So Far:

  AS body-guard to a prominent person-
/\ age back East, he had earned the
I V name of Go-getter Gary. And
when slow recovery from a bullet-wound
sent him to the West to recuperate, he all
too soon found exercise for his peculiar
talents as expert pistol-shot. For he stum-
bled, first thing, into a lively little cattle-
war, and the way of it was this:

  A chance acquaintance had told him he
could find employment with one Vance
Austell, owner of the “Hat-on” ranch, but :
his first meeting with Austell was unfor-
tunate. Leaving the train at a little New
Mexican town, he looked about for some
one who could direct him, saw no one, and
made his way to a tumble-down store.
And there in the back room, he came upon
Austell and a young ranchman Jack Royd
in a violent quarrel. Austell had encour-
aged Royd to drink heavily and had won all
his money—and his ranch to boot—at
poker. And entering the store behind Gary
came a fellow-traveler from the train—
Royd’s sister Connie.

  Gary’s quick wit and the presence of
the girl saved that situation. Then Dep-
uty-sheriff Lobo Leet, a henchman of Aus-

152

Jack yelled warningly and as
Lobo Leet popped an eye past
the corner of the wall Gary let
drive with both guns.

tell, allowed Gary to attempt making his
way on foot over the long desert miles
to the ranch. He was picked up exhausted
by the Royds and left at Austell’s ranch,
but found scant hospitality there. The
Hat-on cowboys gave him an outlaw horse
to ride and he barely escaped with his
life. Austell hired him finally—as a gun-
man to aid him in his quarrel with the
Royds. But as soon as opportunity of-
fered Gary left Austell’s place and sought
out the Royds. He found they had dis-
charged their few employees and were about
to acknowledge Austell’s poker-claim to
their property by abandoning it. He per-
suaded them, however, to stay and fight,
and himself enlisted under their banner as
gunman extraordinary and at large.

  At the round-up which followed shortly
thereafter, further ill-feeling developed;
bitterness between Austell, the Royds, and
Tonto Drake, the third rival cattle-owner
in the region, grew apace. And Gary
found himself the object of suspicion on all
sides. Austell tried to force Gary to carry
out his bargain to shoot Jack Royd. Fail-
ing in this, he succeeded in discrediting
Gary with the Royds through his hench-
  By Robert
  Ames
  Bennet

Illustrated by L. R. Gustavson

man the Deputy-sheriff Lobo Leet—who
appeared at the round-up with a telegram
purporting to come from Chicago and
identifying Gary as a murderer with a
reward on his head. Leet endeavored to
provoke Gary to draw his weapon in order
that he might have justification before
witnesses for killing him, but Gary sub-
mitted to being handcuffed. Only when he
came to realize that Leet intended to copy
the notorious Mexican “ley juega”—shoot
his prisoner on the journey to town and
report him killed while attempting to es-
cape—did Gary act. Then, with his hand-
cuffed hands, he snatched Royd’s pistol,
crippled Leet, and made his escape. Evad-
ing attempts to shoot him from ambush
on the way to town, he found temporary
refuge with the decrepit old caretaker at
the ranch of Tonto Drake. (The story
continues in detail:)

THE west-end round-up was a larger and
more difficult operation than that of
the east. By the time Drake and his riders
came trailing to his ranch ahead of the
outfit’s chuck-wagon, Gary felt and looked
like a new man. Though his chest had not

153

Go-getter Gary

yet fully healed, he had regained almost
all his strength.

  Drake showed no surprise over seeing
him at the ranch. The Hat-on cook had
dropped a hint to the Tonto hasher that
the dude gunman had out-foxed his dry-
gulchers by hitting the Tonto trail.

  “When I seen four-five his men was
gone,” concluded the cow-man, “I tried to
put it on Austell he’d sent ’em to get you.
’Taint any too easy roping a slicker like'
him. He tells Royd and his
sister he let his extra hands
go, owing to Royd getting his
own bunch back. He says
’twas none his business if his
laid-off riders went to take
the killer—meaning you—to
get that thousand reward.
He says he tol’ ’em to take
you alive, even though you
tried to murder the deputy-
sheriff.”

  Gary fixed upon the only
angle of this that interested
him. “Miss Royd could not
have believed him?”

  “Well, I aint saying she
did, and I aint saying she
didn’t. He’s a smooth liar.
He’s got even Royd most
ready to feed out of his hand ag’in, same’s
he uster. The gal’s a right smart little
cuss. She aint so easy soft-sawdered. All
the same, she’s waiting only for him to
prove he didn’t cut out that bronc’s tongue.”
“Did he?” asked Gary.

  Drake spat and answered tersely:
“Bronc’ threw him onto a cholla—bit his
arm. Crazy hawse. Ought ’a’ been shot.
Was given the walking death. Draw yore
own conclusions who done it.”

  The cow-man spat again, and changed
the subject. “Bill says yuh got the mak-
ings. Care to go on the pay-roll?”

  “Not till I can do enough to be worth
wages,” Gary replied. He looked down at
his shapely new high-heeled boots. “Bill
said you always ordered them too tight
and you wouldn’t mind my breaking them
in for you.”

  “Keep ’em, kid. They’re youm. ’Taint
safe to ride with that boot Lobo shot the
heel off’m. You’d get hung up and drug
if yore bronc’ throwed you.”

   This, even more than Bill’s friendliness,
convinced Gary that he was beginning
to belong. He knew it would take a long
while for him to become a competent roper
Go-getter Gary

154

THE BLUE

and rider. But it meant a great deal that
Tonto Drake considered him good enough
to hire.

  What rounded out the situation for
Gary, the Tonto punchers were neither
hostile toward him, like the Hat-on gang,
nor were they overpolite and offish, as had
been the Box R riders. They ignored alike
his “gats” and his “dudeness,” and in-
itiated him into the order of cowboys with
rough practical jokes.

  As Gary took even water-filled boots with
a smile, the horseplay soon stopped. The
Tontos were an oldish lot, slow and quiet
in their talk. Gary surmised that they
would be more dangerous in a fight than
any of Austell’s hand-picked swaggering
gunmen.

  He had several days in which to make the
acquaintance of the outfit and fit himself
to become one of its members. Crude and
hard as were the conditions at the Tonto,
he had no wish to leave. He even began
to speculate whether he might not be able
to buy into a partnership with Drake. The
bonds that he had been salting away for
years could be sold above par. But would
the old cow-man wish to share his iron
with a partner? If he regarded it as a
personal possession, rather than a business,
he might be touchy over any proposal.

  Gary started to feel his way by seem-
ingly casual remarks to Bill and the other
men. What he learned from them rather
inclined him to believe that their grim
boss would not welcome any offer to buy
in with him. At any rate, it was a matter
that called for discretion.

VV/HILE Gary was still hesitating over
” his next move, the ranch had a visi-
tor. Gary had helped Bill cut and haul a
wagonload of rails from the nearest growth
of trees to mend the corrals. On their re-
turn Gary called Bill’s attention to a
strange horse between the adobe buildings.

  “Sorter looks like one of Lobo’s bronc’s,
kid,” Bill commented dryly.

  Gary put his hands down. He now
‘packed his gats” in holster pockets sewn
on the front of his old chaps. He was not
yet accustomed to the change from the
pockets of his discarded coat.

  But the man who came from the bunk-
house with Drake did not carry one arm
in a sling, nor was he tall and stringy.
Gary’s life had all too often depended upon
his instant recognition of faces. One glance
at the big fattish visitor was enough.

  He had the advantage of the Sheriff. In
his cowboy rig, and with his one-time white
sickly face altered by sunburn and over-
flowing vitality, he was so changed that
Sutton did not know him until he spoke.

  “Howdy, Sheriff. Are you looking for
me?”

  “Lord! Who’d ’a’ thought it?” boomed
the visitor with loud heartiness. He of-
fered a fat hand. “You’re looking tip-top.
Nobody’d take you for a lunger now.”
Gary quirked his lips. “How about tak-
ing me for a killer?”

  “Uh—that—” hesitated the Sheriff.
Drake’s rusty-iron face was more morose
than before, as he cut in grimly:

  “I tol’ Sut it’s up to you, kid. No need
you going if you don’t want to. Fact is,
it kind of looks like I can use you in yore
own line.”

  “Aw, hold on, Tont’,” remonstrated Sut-
ton in his bluff tone of good-natured
friendliness. “You agreed to let me talk
to him.”

  “Shoot,” grunted the cow-man.

  “Muchas gracias! Always knew you
were on the square, Tont’.” The Sheriff
fixed his rather fishy eyes upon Gary.
“Here’s the how of it, boy: Lobo got
what was coming to him. He had no busi-
ness hazing you after you surrendered.
He’s a minus deputy.”

  “You mean that you’ve taken away his
star—that he’s no longer an officer?”
“Just that. The fool put me in a bad
hole. I’ve got to apologize for what he
done. Same time, I’m Sheriff. Thought
I’d come and talk it over with you. I’ve
got a hunch the charge against you is a
frame-up. You was so gentlemanly offer-
ing to go in with Lobo, it struck me you
might help me out by coming in to clear
yourself. No questions of cuffs or frisk-
ing.”

  “I see,” bantered Gary. “You wouldn’t
mind my helping you collect that thou-
sand-dollar reward.”

  Sutton looked a bit sheepish. “What
d’you say we split it?”

  “That goes,” agreed Gary. He turned
to his scowling boss. “Half the reward
will more than pay my expenses, Mr.
Drake. I want to clear my name. When
I come back, I’ll bring along a roll to buy
an iron or an interest in one.”

  “Ugh!” grunted Drake. “If you go,
you stay gone.”

  With that, he turned his back on Gary
and waddled around the wagon to rumble
BOOK MAGAZINE

155

an order to old Bill. The Sheriff was shav-
ing a plug of tobacco to fill his pipe. Gary
shifted around to look past him at Drake.

  “Never dreamed he’d dislike so to have
me leave.”

  Sutton bent close for a confidential ex-
planation:

  “It’s not you that’s r’iled him, boy.
Y’see, when Lobo reported and I fired him,
he’d last seen you with the Box R outfit.
Knowing Royd was a hot-headed fool, I
waited all this time after the round-up to
give you and him time to simmer down.
Rode out to the Box R day ’fore yester-
day. They claimed you vamoosed right
after you winged Lobo.”

  “Correct,” confirmed Gary.

  “Sure, boy. Only how’d I know it?
Figured they had you hid out on me.
Started back, then did some quiet circle-
riding. Didn’t cut any sign of you, but—”
Sutton heaved a ponderous sigh. “Uh-ah!

If only I wasn’t a sheriff, so’s I could ’a’
kept my mouth shut!”

  “Yes?” Gary questioned.

  The Sheriff took off his hat to mop his
bald head with a silk handkerchief.

  “If you want to know, I aim to be a
peace officer. But I’m always running
plumb into trouble. Circling west of
Royd’s headquarters, I stumbled onto a
fence ’cross a little box canon. Up the
canon was a bunch of cows and calves.
The calves was all fresh branded with the
Box R.”

  “Well?”

  Sutton jammed on his hat.

  “ ’Taint well a-tall. It’s plain hell. Them
cows was all Tontos.”

  “What! You mean that Jack Royd—”
“No, I don’t mean nothing. All I’m
doing is just stating the actual facts like
I done to Tonto. There was also a bunch
of Tonto hawses in the canon. You savvy
now what’s got him on the peck.”

  Gary did not reply. He thought that
the Sheriff was lying. Yet how could he be
sure? Bill had told all too many tales of
the liberality of cow-men in helping them-
selves to each other’s stock. According to
the old buckaroo, more than one cattle-
king had built up his first herd with cows
that did not belong to him.

  For all Gary knew, Connie’s brother was
merely following an old cow-country
custom, the only crime about which was
to be found out. But in this case his
rustling had been discovered—unless Sut-
ton lied. One look at Drake’s morose face

By Robert Ames Bennet

  was enough to show that the old gun-
fighter did not consider the rustling of his
stock any joke.

  The first thought that occurred to Gary
was to slip away on his pinto and warn
Jack. Sober second thought smothered the
impulse. He had saved Jack from Austell’s
gun, that first morning in Lobo Leet’s
store. He had prevented Connie’s brother
from giving up his ranch and cows to the
card-cheat. He had backed him against the
whole Hat-on gang. As his only reward,
Jack had tied the can on him.

  True, Connie had saved his life. But
her brother had shared only grudgingly in
the rescue. He was sullen even with his
sister, and Austell had claimed he did not
treat her right. Not improbably, she might
be better off without such a brother.

  At any rate, Gary felt that he was not
called upon to interfere. The Box R
wanted nothing to do with him. Even
Connie had given him his walking-papers.
Besides, if Jack had not rustled Drake’s
calves or horses, he could, no doubt, prove
his innocence. On the other hand, if he
really was guilty, he deserved punishment
all the more for having brought the shadow
of crime upon such a sister as Connie.

  Drake had started off with Bill. Gary
muttered a query that bobbed up out of
his seething thoughts: “Will he come in
with us to swear out a warrant against
Royd?”

  “Tell you better tomorrow,” replied the
Sheriff.

  He lit his pipe and led his horse into
the corral. Gary went to bring in his
pinto; ready for a dawn start. When he
came back, everyone was at supper.
Drake’s mood appeared to have lightened.
He even joked gruffly with Sheriff Sutton.

  In the bunk-house the punchers passed
up their usual nightly card-game and took
to their bunks early. Gary was glad to
follow suit. He had swung an ax most of
the day and was dog tired. He slept like
a log.

AT the dawn breakfast Drake’s chair
and the bench places of the four top
riders were vacant. A careful ignoring of
this fact on the part of the other men kept
Gary from asking questions.

Sutton showed such uneasiness to get
started that Gary humored his haste. Sun-
rise found them on the trail. The Sheriff
set off at a brisk trot. The farther they
went, the more his uneasiness seemed to
Go-getter Gary	By Robert Ames Bennet

156

increase. He soon put his bronco into a
lope.

  All of this, like the absence of Drake and
the four top riders from the breakfast-
table, puzzled Gary. But he kept his eyes
open and his mouth shut. Sutton had
made no attempt to search or handcuff
him.

lVyilLE after mile they covered the twists
and turns, dips and rises of the desert
trail, as the sun climbed up from the east-
ern horizon. The pace set by Sutton was
so rapid that mid-morning found them far
along toward the fork in the road.

  At sight of the distant marker butte, the
Sheriff for the first time came to a halt.
He threw out his hand and turned to look
at Gary with a show of vast concern on
his heavy face.

  “I wont stand for it!” he burst out.
“Tonto backed me last election, and Royd
didn’t. All the same, that don’t let me out.
I got to try to do my duty.”

  “I’m coming right along with you,”
promised Gary.

  “ ’Taint you,” disclaimed Sutton. “Lord,
if I hadn’t no more to worry me! No,
it’s Royd. Didn’t you catch on? Tonto
has gone after Royd. Not a word to me
about swearing out a warrant. You must
savvy what that means.”

  “I see. He’ll take Jack himself.”

  Sutton flung out his fat hand. “Take
him! You’re sure a greenhorn. He’s gone
to get him!”

  “No!”

  “What else?” The oozing sweat on the
Sheriff’s face was now unmistakable. “I
made a slip telling him where I found
that fenced canon. He’ll check me up on
them calves and hawses. And then—aint
you ever heard of vigilanting rustlers?”
The raised hand made a loop around the
fat red neck and jerked upward.

  “It can’t be!” protested Gary. “You
must have courts and law out here now-
adays. It’s been twenty years since Mr.
Drake’s last fight. He’ll only bring Jack
in for trial.”

  “Who—Tonto Drake? When he’ll have
trees and a rope handy? Even if Jack
tried to put up a fight, he’ll have no more
chance than he’d have against you or
Lobo.”

  Gary had been talking against his own
belief that the old gun-fighter was quite
capable of lynching or shooting anyone who
rustled his stock. The situation looked

  black for Jack Royd. But Sutton was
Sheriff. Why all this talk, instead of ac-
tion?

  “Maybe it’s not too late, Sheriff. If
Drake has to hunt up that canon, perhaps
we can make the ranch ahead of him.”

  “ ‘We?’ ” queried Sutton.

  “Yes. I’ll go along with you.”

  The blank look on Sutton’s face was fol-
lowed by a broad smile of relief.

  “Say, boy, say, aint it true I sized you
up for a gentleman, minute I set eyes on
you? Only trouble, Royd is sore at me
for going out there. He let on it was ow-
ing to his friendliness for you, but we savvy
now it was that rustling of his. Anyway,
he threatened to shoot if I ever came back.
Fact is, he’s had a grouch against me since
last year, when he got soused and tried to
shoot up the town.”

  “What of it? You’re Sheriff.”

  “But what good would it do the young
bullhead if we had to shoot him in order
to take him? Might as well leave him to
Tonto. No, by jakes, I’ve got it! You’ve
played square with me, boy. I’m betting
the charge against you is a frame-up.”

  “It is,” said Gary.

  “Sure. All right, then, here’s the lay-
out: You’re a friend of Royd’s. Least-
ways, I heard that Miss Connie saved you
from dying of thirst. You’ll want to pay
her back by getting her brother a fair trial
for what he’s done. The fool would sure
pop loose at me. But like as not he’ll come
along peaceful if you tackle him alone.”
“I’m not an officer.”

  This set the Sheriff to fumbling in his
pocket. He fished out a badge.

  “Here’s Lobo’s star. I hereby deputize
you to go and bring in Jack Royd on the
charge of rustling stock.”

  Gary paused to consider. “I’m not think-
ing of Jack. Trouble is, I’m already in bad
with Miss Connie. She’ll not thank me
for arresting her brother.”

  “You don’t savvy, boy. It’s just what
she will do, soon’s she knows Tonto is after
him. She’ll want him to have his chance
with a jury. You can figure what chance
he has with Tonto Drake. This old bronc’
I hired off the station-agent is a give-out
hawse. You’re straddling the best thorough-
bred in the country. If any hawse can,
he’ll get you to the Box R before Tonto.”
Gary plucked the deputy-sheriff badge
out of Sutton’s fat fingers and jumped the
pinto into a gallop on a cross-slant for the
Box R trail.
        CHAPTER XIX

AT the Tonto ranch Gary had learned
something of the limit that should be
put upon an overwilling horse. He held
the pinto down to ten miles an hour. That
was enough to bring him in sight of the
Box R ranch nearly half an hour before
noon.

  His first look down into the green little
valley was directed in anxious search for
Tonto Drake and his waddies. Sight of
men quietly at work on the new upper crib
of the dam took the saw-edge off his dread.
It showed him that his roundabout run
over the open desert had beaten Drake’s
cut across the bad lands of the west-end
winter range.

  Yet any moment the old-time gun-fighter
might come racing to revenge himself for
the stealing of his stock by Connie’s
brother. Gary called upon the pin(;o for a
final spurt.

  As they neared the dam, he saw there
were only three workers. Jack and two of
his punchers were nowhere in sight. That
looked bad. If Sutton had not lied, Jack
might have gone to do something with the
stolen stock, or perhaps to rustle another
bunch. In either case Drake probably
would “catch him with the goods.” No
chance then to save the fool.

  The dam-builders had stopped work to
stare at the hasty visitor to the Box R.
One of them picked up a rifle. But Gary
paid no heed to the half-raised weapon.

He had no time to waste. If Jack was
away, Connie must at once be warned of
the clanger to her brother. She might know
how to reach him in time.

  With no more than a wave of his hand
to the threatening men, Gary raced past
them straight for the ranch buildings. Be-
hind him he heard three roaring reports of
the rifle. But no bullets cracked past
him. The shots had been fired only as a
signal.

  Before he had passed half the length of
the water-hole he saw Jack and a puncher
step from the open gateway of the horse-
breaking corral. Another puncher followed
them on horseback. Then Connie came
hastening from the ranch-house, with Pete
a dose second.

  This accounted for every member of the
Box R outfit. None was off rustling or
riding herd on rustled stock. Yet Sheriff
Sutton looked far too shrewd to be a
bungling fool. He would not have sent on a
wild-goose chase a submissive prisoner who
was to bring him at least half a thousand-
dollar reward. He must have had a solid
basis for his accusation against Jack. Very
probably he really had seen that bunch of
rustled stock.

  Just possibly one or more of the Box R
punchers had done the rustling without
the knowledge of their boss. However that
might be, Tonto Drake would need only
to see the stolen calves and horses with his
own eyes. He would then act first and ask
questions afterward. According to Bill,
this was the regular old-time vigilante pro-
cedure. So the first matter to attend to

157
Go-getter Gary

was not the question of Jack’s guilt or in-
nocence, but his safety. At any moment
Drake and his grizzled old gun-fighters
might come swooping down into the valley.

  Connie reached her brother’s side just
as Gary reined the pinto tq a halt close
before him and his pair of frowning
punchers. Like them, Jack had recognized
the caller at a distance, and like them, he
looked none too well pleased. Even Con-
nie’s greeting held no friendly note of wel-
come. It was both protesting and con-
cerned.

  “Gary! You here! I asked you to go
away—and stay.”

'T'HAT hit Gary so hard he would have
liked to turn around and ride off with-
out a word. But he had come to save
her brother, not his own feelings. There
was no time to waste in talk. He tossed
the reins over the pinto’s head and swung
down to draw open the left side of his
coat.

  Jack stared at the deputy-sheriff badge
pinned to Gary’s shirt front.

  “Good Lord!” he muttered. “You’ve
finished Lobo! Stolen his star!”

  “No. Sheriff Sutton discharged him.
He sent me out here to bring you in—on
the charge of rustling.”

  The look of amazement on Jack’s face
might have been only good acting. Gary
had all too often seen guilty men look in-
nocent, and innocent ones look guilty. It
was hard to judge by appearances. But
the indignant scorn in Connie’s voice was
unmistakable.

  “For shame! How dare you call my
brother a—a thief!”

  Her scorn cut Gary like a whiplash.
Yet he managed to give no sign of how it
stung him. He answered her quietly:

  “I haven’t called him anything. The
Sheriff deputized me to bring him in on
that charge.”

  Jack’s sullen temper flared. “You’ve
sold out to Vance! Sutton’s his man.
They’ve sent you here to get me!”

  He turned to Connie, with shame re-
doubling the heat of his anger. “And I was
fool enough to let Vance bunco me again
—slick me into helping him soft-sawder
you!”

  Gary need only have kept his mouth
shut. Austell would have fried in his own
grease. The man was bad. It would be
a crime to let him win Connie. But a
silent lie was none the less a lie. Straight

THE BLUE

158

talking was as necessary as straight shoot-
ing. He made the correction.

  “You’ve scored a double miss, Royd.
The Sheriff sent me to take you, not to get
you, and he did it on his own play.”
“Aw, bah! Sutton has no more sand
than a fishworm.”

  “Sure. That’s why he deputized me. But
it was all his move—not Austell’s.”

  “You don’t say! Where d’you figure
he got the gall to plaster me with this
lying charge of rustling? If Vance didn’t
put him up to it, then it’s on you—it’s
your come-back for my firing you.”
Though taken by surprise by this
counter-charge, which looked to him like a
clever attempt to throw up a smoke-screen,
Gary kept cod. It never paid to get
ruffled.

  “No,” he replied. “It’s all Sutton’s play.
When he came here after me, he thought
you were hiding me out on him. After he
left—so he alleges—he circle-rode and
found a bunch of corraled stock. The
calves had your brand on them, but the
horses and cows were all Tonto’s.”

  This time Jack looked both amazed and
furious. “Tonto’s? It’s a bald-faced lie!”
“Yes?” soothed Gaiy. “Easy enough,
then, for you to prove it to a jury. Sooner
we start, the better. Sutton went and
spilled over to Drake.”

 “What! When?”

  “He streaked straight to the Tonto. This
morning I found that Drake had left in
the night with his four best shots. I was
going in with Sutton so he could collect
the reward against me. But he got cold
feet over Drake’s coming to lynch you.
Let’s be moving. I ran my horse to get
you away before Drake could find his
rustled stock and hurry here to pay you
for it.”

  “You’re a damned liar!” shouted Jack.
“It’s a dirty frame-up. You’ve sold out
to Vance.”

  Gary’s friendliness curdled. His quiet
coolness froze.

  “Hard words break no bones, Royd. But
we’ve had enough talk. I’m acting as the
Sheriff’s deputy. Get on that horse and
come along.”

  Jack’s response was to shuck his gun.
The play had been expected by Gary. He
took the big automatic from its owner as
he had taken Wy’s old six-shooter. As he
sprang clear he covered the pair of willing
but slow-drawing punchers.

  “That’s it, friends—hands off the hilts.
BOOK MAGAZINE

Sit tight. Now, Royd, I’m going to get
you away from here one jump ahead of
Drake, if I have to make your men tie
you on the horse.”

  “Oh, no, no!” cried Connie. “You—it’s
not true! Jack couldn’t have done it! If
you’re honest, you’ll stay here with him and
make Tonto listen to the truth!”

  “He would listen—at your brother’s
funeral,” replied Gary. “Anyway, I’m dep-
utized to take in the accused. How about
it, Royd? Do you go with me, or do I
take you tied?”

  Jack raised his clenched fist. “It’s all
a hellish frame-up!”

  “You—” Gary shoved the pistol muzzle
at the two punchers. “Tie him on that
horse, or I’ll wing you.”

  “Hold on,” Jack interposed. “You’ve no
call to shoot ’em up. I’ll go with you.”
Gary at once lowered the pistol. As
Jack turned to take the horse from the dis-
mounting puncher, Connie gave a quick
order to the other man.

  “Fetch Jack my roan, Lin. I’m going
along on this horse. They sha’n’t get Jack
off all alone.”

  “That’s fine, Miss Royd,” Gary agreed
before Jack could speak. “Why not have
all your riders come along too?”

  The suggestion plainly took her aback.
She looked puzzled—perplexed. Then, no
doubt, she decided there was some artful
catch about his willingness. The man Lin
was already hot-footing into the corral.
She turned to his mate.

  “Call in the other boys. All of you ride
out and look for Tonto and his bunch. If
you find them, bring them after us. If
you don’t find them by mid-afternoon, hit
our trail hard. Pete, you’ll stay here, in
case the boys miss Tonto and he comes in
ahead of them. If he does, send him after
us.”

P ARY saw Jack’s face darken. The young
cow-man did not seem as eager as his
sister to “meet-up” with Tonto Drake.
But he said nothing. As if to cover any
betrayal of his thoughts, he bent over and
began to unbuckle the sheath that held
the rifle on Lin’s saddle. Gary interposed.

  “Let it stay, Royd. I don’t care to load
down my horse.”

  Connie for the first time fixed her at-
tention upon the pinto. He looked far
from used-up, but her practised eye saw
how hard he had been ridden. She stroked
him from forelock to lip.

By Robert Ames Bennet

159

  “A roll would do him good,” she said.
Coolly as she spoke, Gary jumped to
carry out the suggestion. He had the lat-
igo strap loose from the rings and the sad-
dle off as quickly as Jack himself could
have done it. The pinto promptly went
down in the dust. He rolled three times
while Gary unfolded and shook the sweat-
dampened saddle blanket.

  The moment the horse lunged to his
feet, Gary rubbed the dust off his back and
resaddled him. Connie had mounted Lin’s
horse. Jack sullenly swung up on the big
roan bronco led from the corral by Lin.
Pete had sprinted to the house. He streaked
back to fling a pair of saddlebags over the
horn of Connie’s saddle and hand her and
Jack each a canteen.

  The punchers from the dam came hasten-
ing to saddle up. They passed Gary with
none too friendly looks. He kept his eye
on them as he made a sign for Jack to
start off ahead of him. Connie rode for-
ward beside her brother and had him turn
down to the edge of the water-hole.

  She called back to Gary in that same
cool tone: “Your horse needs water. But
let him have only half a drink.”

  Given the reins by Gary, the pinto
floundered out knee-deep and plunged his
dusty muzzle into the water. Gary pulled
his head up when he saw Connie and Jack
spur their broncos away from the edge of
the reservoir.

  He would have started the pinto off at
a gallop. Any moment now he expected to
see Drake and his men come racing to
head them off, or to hear the crack of their
rifles. But all his urgings failed to make
Jack and Connie quicken their broncos out
of a slow trot.

  To his vast relief, he saw no sign of any
Tonto man, even when he followed his
leisurely leaders up over the rise above the
valley. A backward look showed the Box
R punchers streaking out from the ranch
in five different directions. But of the
Tonto riders no trace was to be seen any-
where around the little valley or ahead
along the trail.

  Jack flung back a jeer over his shoulder:
“Lost, strayed or stolen, one bunch of
vigilantes.”

  “Don’t crow till you’re out of the
woods,” Gary replied.

  Connie cast a startled glance back at
him, then peered off to the west, and
quickened the pace to a lope. Gary began
to breathe a bit easier. But he did not
Go-getter Gary

feel fully relieved until, after miles of steady
loping, they at last reached the mesa cleft
and made the descent without running in-
to any ambush.

  Once down upon the lower desert, he felt
almost certain they must have put Drake
ahd his bunch behind them. That would
mean safety. The broncos ridden by Jack
and Connie were fresh. The pinto may
have traveled a few miles farther than the
Tonto horses, but their going had been
across very rough country. He could still
outrun the best of them.

  When a brief stop was made at the first
slough to let the horses wet their nostrils
in the shallow little puddle of the drying-
up hole, Gary could not help expressing
his relief that he had brought Jack safe
away before Drake could strike. The fact
won him no word of thanks nor look of
gratitude even from Connie.

  Her brother was more than ever sarcas-
tic. “Still trying to string us with that
bull con, are you? I’ll give you ten to one
odds, old Tonto hasn’t stirred off his home
range.”

  “I’d be glad to make the bet if I felt
sure I’d lose,” said Gary.

  “Four-flush,” sneered Jack. “What’s
the use of lying? You’ve got me. Come
clean. It’s all a frame-up. Even a fellow
like you can’t have gall enough to stick
to such a lie.”

  Gary turned to Connie only to see the
same certainty of his double-dealing in her
coldly reproachful eyes. What was the
use of mere denials? They had made up
their minds not to believe him.

  “Think what you like,” he said. “Your
Sheriff deputized me to take you. Talk
all you want, but make no breaks. I’m
going to bring you in.”

  “Dead or alive!” Jack got in another
jab of the gaff.

  “Yes?” Gary looked around at the back
trail. “Well, so far, you’ve done your best
to make it dead.”

  The fairness of Connie’s nature com-
pelled her to concede the truth of this
claim.

  “That’s so, Jack. You’ve done enough
to have given a deputy like Lobo Leet ex-
cuse to shoot you—twice over!”

  “Which proves this city killer hasn’t the
nerve.”

  “Quite right,” agreed Gary. “Also I
lack the nerve to loaf here, with Tonto
Drake, likely as not, on our trail. Push
along pronto.”

By Robert Ames Bennet

160

  Connie possessed plenty of determina-
tion but none of her brother’s bull-headed
obstinacy. She could at least consider the
possibility of being mistaken.

  “Wait,” she said. “If it’s really true
Tonto went to lynch Jack, might he not
have suspected this interference by Mr.
Sutton and sent men to block the trail near
the forks?”

  The shrewdness of the suggestion added
not a little to Gary’s high estimate of the
girl’s intelligence.

  “You’re right, Miss Royd. Old Bill
told me that in the Tonto Basin war Drake
never lost a trick. He outfoxed everyone
till they bunched together and bought him
out. We’d better side-step the forks. Aus-
tell’s bunch would have got me at the
butte or east of it, only I swung off to the
Tonto.”

  Another gibe from Jack was forestalled
by Connie. “You can’t mean to claim that
Vance Austell tried to dry-gulch you! It
was only his discharged riders attempting
to take you for the reward.”

  Gary showed the second set of bullet
holes in his hat.

  “Have it your own way. Only, whether
they were operating for him or for them-
selves, they seemed to prefer collecting the
reward on my corpse. But that’s neither
here nor there. The point now is that I
don’t want trouble with Austell, yet I
can’t let your brother chance a meeting
with Drake’s men. If you say so, we’ll cut
straight for the Hat-on.”

  “I savvy,” put in Jack. “You’ve sold out
to Vance, and his man Sutton is having
you steer me into their noose. But Con-
nie’s coming along has got you guessing
what to do.”

  “What a mind-reader you’d make!” said
Gary. “Suppose I leave it to your sister
to choose which way to head? The only
condition is that we’ll not turn back. I
undertook to deliver you to the Sheriff,
and I will do just that.”

  Once more Connie interposed: “We’ll
try to sift through, midway between the
buttes. Let’s go.”

CHAPTER XX

A FEW miles more of the slow but steady
loping brought the three up a long rise
in the desert. Connie halted her horse
just below the crest and dismounted. Jack
swung off beside her. To the southeast
and southwest Gary saw distant pine trees
above the skyline of the rise. They were
the tree-tops on the butte beside the trail
and the one at the Hat-on ranch. The
buttes appeared to be about the same dis-
tance away.

 Jack and Connie were drinking from
their canteens. Jack started to wet the
nostrils of their broncos. Gary followed
suit with the pinto. When he turned
around, Connie was taking food from her
saddlebags. She offered him a slice of
the boiled ham and a chunk of the cake
that Pete had flung into the bags.

  The bitterness that had ridden with
Gary rose into his mouth. He felt that
Ihe mere taste of Box R food would choke
him. “No, thank you, Miss Royd. I’m
not hungry.”

  “Don’t be silly,” she replied. “There’s
more here than Jack and I can eat.”

  “Then give it to your broncos. They
are not slick sneaky city gunmen.”

  The shot hit. Connie flushed scarlet.
Tears gushed into her eyes.

  “Say,” growled Jack, “what the heck—”
He scowled at Gary. “If you’ve got fresh
with her, throw your guns and be damned.
I’m going to bust you wide open.”

 “No—no, Jack!” Connie clutched his
arm. “Don’t! It’s my fault.”

  _ “It’s not,” denied Gary. “You have the
right to look down on me. I’m exactly
what you labeled me—a professional gun-
man.”

  “Then you own up to it?” put in Jack.
“You’re a killer.”

  “That does not follow. There’s more
than one kind of gunman.”

  The look in Connie’s eyes cleared and
she managed an uncertain smile.

  “Wont you please join us, Mr. Owen?”
Put that way, Gary could not refuse the
invitation. As he took the food from her,
their fingers touched. He felt his face
flame hot with mortification at his clumsi-
ness. Her face also flushed deeply. No
doubt he had angered her again.

  But he sat down on his heels, cowboy
fashion, to force himself to eat. As Con-
nie also sat down, she spoke in an oddly
gay tone:

  “You see, it’s as well to give the horses
a few minutes’ rest. If Tonto is waiting to
head us off, we may have a run for our
money. Do you think you can stay on?”
Gary pulled a long face. “If I don’t,
I hereby name you as my posse to take
over the custody of my prisoner and deliver
him to Sheriff Sutton.”

  The absurdity of this drew a grin from
Jack. But Connie took it seriously. “I’ll
deliver him, Mr. Owen. The best way to
meet a false charge is to face it squarely
and prove it a lie.”

  “Yes, Miss Royd. That’s why I’m go-
ing back to Chicago. You’ve had no letters
about me?”

  “Why, no. We haven’t been in for mail
since I came home. What was it?”
Go-getter Gary

162

THE BLUE

  “I’ve been waiting for—but we’ll let that
ride. I know now it would make no differ-
ence. You two will get off at the county
seat. I’ll go straight on through.”

  The remark gave Jack an opening for a
jab. “Glad to hear you’ve at last decided
to go straight.”

  “How about yourself?” asked Gary.
“This rustling charge may be a frame-up,
as you claim. But you’ve owned up that
you’ve been a gambling fool, in spite of the
fact that you have a sister worth crawling
on your knees to be good to.”

  It was Jack’s turn to flush. He muttered
rather lamely: “Well, anyhow, I—nobody
ever heard me brag of stacking a poker-
deck.”

  “Oh, Jack!” remonstrated Connie. “To
drag that up, when he did it all for you!”

T-JER brother flung away what was left

*	* of his cake and rose to catch his graz-
ing horse. He was rounding the crest of
the rise before the sprinting bronco and
pinto overtook his spurred roan.

  “Keep to the left,” called Connie. “Hold
down in the draw.”

  “Aw, forget it!” her brother shouted
back. “That Tonto dope is all bunk.”

  He held on, straight over the bald crest
of the desert swell. Gary, following close
after Connie, caught a tiny flash, or glitter,
on the brink of the trail-butte rimrock.

  “What’s that light on the butte?” he
asked.

  Even as he spoke, the glittering point
blinked on and off again. Other quick
flashes followed.

“Oh!” cried Connie. “It’s some one on
the butte. He must have seen us with
field-glasses. He’s signaling with a mirror! ”
Jack turned in his saddle to scowl at
Gary.

  “That clinches it. You tricked me away
from my men to steer me into this trap.”
As Gary sprinted the pinto past Con-
nie’s horse, he kept his gaze on the butte
crest. He could not face the scorn he felt
sure was blazing at him from the girl’s
eyes. He held out Jack’s forty-five auto-
matic to him.

  “Here you are, Royd, and get the rifle
from Miss Connie. If I get thrown or can’t
keep up with you, drop the rifle. I’ll try
to hold them back.”

  “Like hell you will!” Jack whirled the
pistol around with its big muzzle toward
Gary. “Line out! Try to drop behind,
and you’ll get plugged.”

  No use arguing with a stubborn bone-
head! A touch of Gary’s heels sent the
pinto striding into the lead. He kept it
until Connie spurred her bronco up along-
side him. The rifle boot was empty. The
girl’s gaze was searching the desert ahead
and to the right.

  She did not look at Gary.

  “Follow me,” she directed. “Watch out
for side-jumps and gullies.”

  Gary pulled the overwilling pinto just
enough to fall in behind the bronco.
He did not look back to see if Jack still
had him covered. All his attention was
needed to keep himself in the saddle. Con-
nie appeared to be in quite a bit of a hurry.
The pace she set was not a sprint, but it
was faster than any except the best of
horses could hold up under for a long-
distance race.

  Though Gary had ridden faster, it had
been only on fairly smooth ground. The
desert between the two buttes offered, as
he remembered, not much choice of route.
None of it was very rough, and none very
level. Connie must have known the fact.
She headed for the railroad on a beeline
midway of the buttes.

  The girl swerved out of the straight
course only to round the ends of the higher
rock combs or to cross arroyos where the
banks were climbable. All the small gullies
she took on the jump. Luckily for Gary,
he had learned at the Tonto ranch how to
stick on a leaping horse, as well as a crow-
hopper. He now had only to balance him-
self forward and back. The pinto did the
rest.

  More than a mile of dust spurted be-
hind the swift-pounding hoofs of the horses
before a fairly level stretch let Gary ven-
ture to look away from the ground close
ahead. The thud of hoofs back of him
suddenly stopped. He glanced over his
shoulder. Jack had jumped from the roan
and was swinging up his rifle.

  Gary jerked his gaze around to the di-
rection the rifle was pointing. Half a
mile off to the right front a horseman was
racing across from the direction of the
trail. He evidently intended to cut in ahead
of the fugitives and hold them from be-
hind one of the rocky ridges.

  At Jack’s second shot the horse pitched
headlong, flinging his rider ahead of him.
If the man moved, he did so under cover
of the greasewood bushes into which he
had been hurled.

  Another crack of the rifle shifted Gary’s
BOOK MAGAZINE

163

By Robert Ames Bennet

gaze to a second horseman who had raced
up over a rise a quarter-mile farther to the
right. Neither horse nor rider fell, but
they swung off westward and dipped out of
sight.

  Connie veered her course a little to the
left. All the ground ahead was rougher.
It forced the hard-running horses down to
a lope. Though the line between the two
buttes had now been crossed, Gary saw
the girl continue to cast anxious glances
off toward the trail. Yet a long two miles
of slow going were covered, with no further
sign of enemies.

  The broken ground smoothed out on a
wide grass-flat. Gary drew a deep breath.
It looked as if they had already distanced
even the rider turned by Jack’s last shot.
Neither the pinto nor either of the broncos
showed signs of giving out, and here was
easy going.

p ARY’S relief was short-lived. Just after
Connie jumped the lope into a gallop,
a flock of bullets kicked up the dust be-
tween Gary and Jack and behind Jack.
A moment later other bullets struck ahead
of Gary. The dry-gulchers were fast get-
ting the range. A bullet glanced from the
steel shank of Gary’s saddlehorn. He heard
Jack’s horse snort and plunge. Then,
abruptly, the shooting stopped.

  Connie had whirled her bronco in a short
circle that brought him alongside the pinto.
Her brother’s horse, scorched across the
rump by a bullet, had sprinted forward to
pass the pinto on the left side. Connie was
racing along in line between them and the
hidden dry-gulchers.

  Every bullet had carried a message that
the killers were close enough to distinguish
between the three fugitives. Not one of
all the shots had been aimed at Connie.
Her quick-witted maneuver proved the fact
and balked the killers. They could not
shoot at either Jack or Gary without dan-
ger of hitting her. No more bullets snapped
their whiplash crack across the flat desert.

  But the thought of shielding himself be-
hind a girl was more than Gary could
stand. He dug his heels into the pinto’s
flanks just as Jack was forging out ahead.
But with the pinto’s leap to top speed Con-
nie’s bronco also jumped into a sprint. The
three horses raced for nearly a quarter of.
a mile, with Jack and Gary never more
than a length apart, and Connie very slow-
ly falling to the rear.

  At last Connie cried out for an easing of

the mad rush. “Slow down—slow down!
My horse is beginning to blow.”

  Gary did not obey until he had streaked
ahead far enough to be well clear of both
his companions. But the bullets he ex-
pected failed to arrive. He did not even
hear any shots. A glance over his shoulder
told him the reason.

  Four horsemen were slanting across from
the rocky ridge behind whose crest the
shots had been fired. Connie, though sev-
eral lengths to the rear, had swung out to
the right. That kept her still too close in
line with Jack and Gary for the galloping
pursuers to risk any shots.

  Farther back, beyond long rifle range,
appeared the moving dots of two more pur-
suers, in line with the trail butte. Quite
near to the right and a little ahead, the
hat of still another rider kept rising into
view and sinking out of sight. This sev-
enth man probably was the one who had
swerved off when Jack dropped the horse
of the gang’s foremost rider.

  The cautious stalker was racing behind
a low land-swell in an attempt to head the
fugitives. He was already within close
enough range to have jumped off his horse
and shot both Jack and Gary before Con-
nie could have come up between. But he
lacked either heart or head for the venture.

  Jack must have had his eye on the
skulker. His chance came within the next
mile. The low ridge, or swell, flattened
down. Jack began to fire across at the
exposed rider, holding his rifle butt at his
left shoulder. This, together with the fact
that his horse was tearing along at full
gallop, made the shooting doubly awkward.
His very first shots, however, must have
come uncomfortably close to their mark.
The rider suddenly shunted off to the west.

  “Bueno!” shouted Jack. “Hey, Owen,
ease down. We’ve got ’em strung out.”

  As Gary obeyed the command, Connie
once more took the lead. But her brother
still held his position behind Gary. His
belief that Gary had drawn him into the
ambush evidently had not lessened.

  Gary now had time to think twice of the
accusation, and he realized that, from
Jack’s point of view, the charge must ap-
pear to be well based. He had been stay-
ing with Tonto Drake. Bill had given
many instances to prove that his boss was
as foxy as he' was ruthless. Might not
Drake and Sutton have connived the
scheme to send the Eastern gunman for
Jack? In case of a lynching, that would let
Go-getter Gary

out the Sheriff. At the same time it would
win him the backing of Drake by giving
Drake the chance to vigilante Jack, off
away from his outfit.

  In any event, whatever were the facts
behind this attack, it must already have
succeeded had not Connie come along with
her brother. So far, she had saved him
and Gary also. But the railroad was still
at least twelve miles away.

CHAPTER XXI

DY the time the off-sheering rider on the
flank found shelter behind which he
could race forward again, he was too far
off on the side and rear to give Connie
any further concern. Small danger now
of his being able to get into the lead.

  The girl had already gauged the speed
of the foremost pursuers. She set a pace
only just fast enough to keep them from
gaining. This was what Gary had done
when running before his two pursuers on
the trail to the Tonto. For Connie to do
the same thing seemed to him to show
that he had guessed at good horsemanship
as well as good strategy.

  Before the long and grueling chase had
covered half the remaining distance to the
railroad, the two leading pursuers were well
in advance of their fellows. They began
to gain on the fugitives whenever the going
became rough. At such places Connie had
to slacken the pace. The fresher horses
of the pursuers took the ridges and arroyos
with slight check.

  At last, starting up a higher ridge, Con-
nie’s bronco slowed to a walk. He was
blowing hard. As Gary and Jack drew
rein alongside her, Connie made a desper-
ate gesture for them to ride on.

  “Don’t stop! Your rifle, Jack! Hurry
•—hurry! Keep going! I’ll hold them long
as I can!”

  “That’s my play,” differed Gary.
“You’ll take my pinto.”

  Jack met this with a jeer. “We savvy.
You want to alibi yourself. Think you’ll
drop out of the party before they get the
rope on me. No go. You’ll shove along
with Connie. Only three shots left in my
rifle, but I’ll put ’em where they’ll do the
most good.”

  The three horses slanted up the ridge at
a walk. As they crossed the rocky top,
Gary looked back and saw that the fore-
most pursuers had already gained a great

THE BLUE

deal more. But Connie did not try to urge
her bronco out of his slow walk. The beast
could go no faster until he had regained his
wind.

  Down behind the crest ledges, Jack
slipped off and crept back to peer over the
top. Gary kept on with Connie. His turn
would soon come. At the next ridge he
would make Connie change horses with
him.

  Though the pinto had covered all those
additional miles from the Tonto to the Box
R, he still had more left in him than had
the short-winded bronco. Jack’s roan also
looked comparatively fresh. He and the
pinto could carry their riders to the rail-
road, if given a little more leeway in addi-
tion to what Jack was apt to gain by his
three shots. The play would be to lie close
and wait for the bunch to come within
pistol range.

  The still walking horses had covered lit-
tle more than a hundred paces down the
ridge slope when Jack fired his first shot.
A moment later he fired again. Then, after
a brief pause, he swung upon the roan and
jogged him down the slope. The whine of
a ricocheted bullet told that shots were be-
ing aimed at the crest ledge over which
Jack had fired.

  When he came down alongside his sis-
ter, his dark face showed no sign of ela-
tion. He muttered discontentedly: “Hate
to shoot horses. Got to think of you,
though. No telling what Tonto would do
if I drilled his old peelers.”

  “Oh, good!” cried Connie. “You only
set them afoot. They can’t brand you a
killer! ”

  “What of it? I’ll be just as dead if
they string me up for only that lying
charge of rustling. There were just the
two shots left. I’m done.”

  “No. A little more, and this give-out
bronc’ will catch his second wind.”

  To keep dragging along, while certain that
all the pursuers still mounted must be
gaining at a gallop, took real courage.
Connie did not quicken the bronco out of
his slow walk until the down-slope of the
ridge began to level off on a wide flat. Even
then she only put him into a fox-trot. Yet
either by chance or from shrewd calcu-
lation on her part, the ridge-top lay a good
quarter-mile to the rear when the pursuers
burst up over the crest.

  Jack’s sullen lips crooked in a grin.

  “Say, ol’ gal, that don’t look so worse.
They’ve picked up my pair of hoof-dusters.

164
BOOK MAGAZINE

If the bunch tries another rush, the two
bronc’s packing double are bound to drag.’’
“Let’s ride!” said Connie.

  Her horse had quit heaving and blowing.
He slid readily into a lope. The pinto and
roan also had been freshened by their rest.
The pursuers trotted their horses down the
steepest part of the ridge-slope, then put
them into a fast gallop.

By Robert Ames Bennet

165

pinto enough to drop into the rear posi-
tion. Jack did not heed the move. Like
Connie, he was peering intently ahead.
Gary glanced back again. To his great sur-
prise, he saw that the foremost pursuers
had slackened down to a lope.

  He turned to call out the good news to
Connie. Past Jack’s shoulder he glimpsed
the red top of the railroad water-tank,

“Royd, I’m go-
ing to get you
away jrom here
if I have to tie
you on the
horse.”

 Connie scanned the ground ahead,
changed the course slightly to the left, and
urged her bronco into a run. The race for
life was again tautened up to top speed.
Gary had ceased to wonder whether the
horses could hold out. He was beginning
to doubt whether he himself could stay
much longer. Except for the short stop at
the Box R ranch and the other stop for
lunch, he had been in his saddle since sun-
rise. The last of his newly regained
strength was oozing out of him.

  Yet somehow he continued to stick on the
pinto, and somehow all three horses con-
tinued to pound along over the desert. At
last Connie headed up the draw approach
to a low saddle in a ridge that shut off all
view to the south.

  Gary felt himself almost done. A back-
ward glance showed him the pursuers now
strung out in line, with the foremost rather
nearer than they had been for some time.
He decided that the ridge-saddle was his
limit. He would stop in the little pass and
block it as long as he could. That would
make sure of Connie and Jack reaching the
railroad.

“"THE three of them urged their fast-tiring
horses up the easy slope. As they be-
gan to top the saddle, Gary pulled the

over the round of the ridge saddle. Two
more strides of the pinto brought a full view
of the railroad and little station, the corral
and loading-chute, and the big adobe store.
All looked very close, but Gary had now
been long enough in Arizona to realize they
were a full mile away.

  Jack looked back at the pursuers, and
sang out to Connie. She at once moderated
the hard gallop to a lope. The pinto
shifted to his single-footing gait. To Gary
it seemed almost as smooth as floating. He
decided he could manage to keep going and
that his companions could make the rail-
road without need of his blocking the pass.

  Yet even with the easier riding, that
last mile in was mostly a blur to him. His
exhausted mind did not clear until the lit-
tle red station seemed suddenly to spring
up before him out of a mist. He heard
Jack shout to Connie:

  “That’s the ticket, ol’ gal! Hop to it!
Wire ’em all—everyone we can count on.
Tell ’em to hitch the switch engine to an
empty and come a-running. Never mind if
Go-getter Gary

Sutton horns in on the party. They’ll be
his posse.”

  Connie was spurring her horse straight
ahead toward the station. Jack started to
crowd the pinto to the left.

  “Here’s your chance to show if you’re
a white man or a yellow-streaked skunk,”
he challenged. “They’re still coming. All
the same, the two of us might hold off the
bunch till Connie’s wires bring help.”

  “Yes—old fort,” Gary jerked out his re-
ply. “Unless Lobo—bars us out.”

  “Hit for the front door,” ordered Jack
shortly.

  He angled toward the corral gate at the
rear of the big adobe. Gary swung the
pinto around the front comer and halted
before the door. He was so outspent that
he fell as he slid down from his saddle.
But he managed to stagger to his feet.

  The heavy door was closed but not
locked. Gary half opened it and peered
in around the edge. No shot blazed at him
from the cool interior. He made out the
bottles on the old mahogany bar, and tot-
tered in toward them, one hand on a pistol
hilt. Still no sign of Lobo Leet, ex-deputy-
sheriff.

  He knocked the neck off a bottle of
ginger ale and gulped down the fizzy con-
tents. That gave him strength enough to
get back to the door. As he started to
shut it, the sound of a heavy footstep
whirled him face about, ready to shoot.
It was Jack, not Lobo.

  Gary thrust his pistols into their holster
pockets and wilted down. “All in, Royd!
Bar the door.”

  Jack’s suspicious eyes cleared.

  “Bar it yourself,” he replied. “I’m going
to lead your pinto round to feed and water.
He’s earned it.”

  That brought Gary to his feet. Jack
had slipped in upon him from the rear
door to see what treachery he was up to.
Now Jack was going out in front, well
aware that the man he had mistrusted need
only bar the rear door as well as the front
one to lock him out where he could not
escape from the gang. This reliance on
his good faith was more refreshing to Gary
than many bottles of ginger ale.

  Before shoving the door shut, he looked
out and saw the pursuers only a few hun-
dred yards away. They were riding
straight toward the store. All of them be-
gan to fire. But no bullets struck in or
near the doorway.

  Gary guessed that the vigilantes were

THE BLUE

shooting at Jack. He barred the door
and staggered across to clamber up on
a barrel. From it he peered out
through one of the high narrow loopholes.
Neither Jack nor the pinto were in sight.
Gary went reeling and tottering into the
bunk-room. Its side door opened upon a
big messy kitchen, from which the rear
door of the old-time fort-saloon-store gave
out into the private corral.

  Through the wide-open doorway Gary
saw Jack stripping the saddle off the pinto.
The bridleless head of the tired thorough-
bred rose from a bucket with muzzle wet
but not dripping. Beyond the pinto and
Jack’s sag-headed roan a pair of Lobo
Leet’s broncos stood beside the hay-filled
feed-racks.

  Jack came in to dump Gary’s saddle
atop hi$ own, on the kitchen floor, and to
eye Gary with a reckless half-derisive grin.

  “Aint I the gambling fool! Need only
to’ve hit out on one of those fresh bronc’s
to make my get-away; yet here I am stak-
ing my neck that you’ll play square.”

  “A sure-thing bet is no gamble, Royd.
How about a jolt of hooch? i’d rather
have coffee, but time’s too short.”

  Jack reached a bottle from a blind closet.
Three fingers of the liquid fire lifted Gary
out of his collapse. He streaked back into
the store, leaving Jack to bar the rear en-
trance. He was greeted by two steel-jack-
eted bullets that shattered through the thick
oak door like tiny bombs.

  Keeping out of the line of fire, he ran
forward to jump on a box and peer through
the loophole beside the door. A little spurt
of dirt told of a bullet striking the edge of
the hole at the outer face of the three-foot
adobe wall. Gary wiped his eyes and
looked out again.

TIE caught a fleeting glimpse of riders

*	* masked with neckerchiefs. They were
circling to right and left. The shots came
from behind low-growing thorn scrubs just
beyond pistol-range. The two last men
dismounted by Jack evidently had dropped
off from behind the riders who had brought
them in. They were covering the front of
the store while the rest of the gang sought
to rush the rear.

  Gary shifted to a loophole in the end
of the store. From it he saw no riders.
But a kerchief-masked man was driving
Connie and the station-agent around from
the front of the little station at the muzzle
of his pistol. The vigilantes were missing

166
BOOK MAGAZINE

no bets. The station-agent could hardly
have had time to more than begin wiring
Connie’s telegrams for help.

  The vigilante started to rope his cap-
tives to a hitching-post. Gary was not
sure that his thirty-eights would carry true
at so long a range, and the tying showed
that no harm was meant to Connie, at least
for the time being. He did not fire at the
roper.

  An outburst of shots and yells at the
rear of the store sent him hastening back
to the kitchen. Jack stood upon the table,
beside a loophole, his big forty-five auto-
matic in one hand and the whisky bottle
in the other. He took a swig of the raw
moonshine, and grinned.

  “Got one of the dirty coyotes,” he said.
“The bobos thought they’d stampede the
hawses. They’ve another guess coming.”
“And no chance of them breaking into
this old fort, I’d say,” replied Gary.
“Here, give me another jolt of that hooch.”
As he held up his hand for the bottle,
a second burst of rifle bullets splintered
through the rear door. Jack turned to
peer from the loophole. Gary let the bot-
tle slip past his hand. It smashed on the
floor. Jack jerked around and cursed.
Gary was scrambling up on the table, a
pistol in each hand.

  “Forget it,” he said. “Just as well the
bottle dropped. Hooch doesn’t help
straight shooting. Did you see any of the
gang close to?”

  “A pair of ’em—both masked. The one
I dropped crawled off. But you win. His
hawse is there beside ours. He carried the
Tonto brand. Vance isn’t in on this.”
“Well, I’m not so sure as I was,” dif-
fered Gary. “Drake didn’t strike me as a
man who’d do his killing behind a mask.
Another thing—Miss Connie doesn’t know
how to telegraph, does she?”

  “No.”

  “Then why should a Tonto man tie her
up, along with the agent, out on this side
of the station where we can see her?”
Jack’s face darkened. “He did? Lord!
I never took Tonto for that kind of a
skunk. Watch the scoundrels while I look
for Lobo’s rifle.”

  “Wait,” said Gary, his eyes at the loop-
hole. “My guess is his rifle’s out there.
Look at the stringy guy giving out orders,
over in the big corral. Carries his right
arm inside his shirt. That’s the arm I
broke at Curlew Slough.”

  “What?” Jack took a look through the

By Robert Ames Bennet

167

narrow slit. “You’re right. The one afoot
—that’s Lobo. Couldn’t mistake those
longhorn legs of his. Only how come he’s
with Tonto? All during the round-up that
squint-eyed red devil kept throwing up
how you’d bitten the forelegs of Vance’s
two-gun wolf.”

  “He did? Royd, there’s something
crooked in this deal. Tonto horses, but
all the gang masked, and Lobo Leet boss-
ing the operations. I begin to believe—”
“Stow it,” broke in Jack. “Something’s
coming off around in front. May be going
to ram the door. Hop to it!”

  Gary’s quick leap from the table was
followed by the heavier thud of Jack’s
down-jump.

CHAPTER XXII

AS Gary and Jack dashed through the
bunk-room into the store, both held
their pistols ready to fire. But the heavy
front door had not been burst in. Its bar
still held fast. Though the thick oak
planks showed many bullet-holes, they gave
out no thudding such as would have been
made by the smashes of a log battering-
ram.

  A look through front loopholes showed
four of the besiegers lined up, out beyond
pistol shot. But their backs were to the
old fort-store. Still farther out, six riders,
rifles in hand, were slanting across toward
the station. None of them had their faces
masked.

  “Vance!” exclaimed Jack. “I called the
wrong card, Owen. He’s come to ask why-
for the necktie-party. Look, he’s spotted
Connie.”

  Five of the riders suddenly swung off
behind their horses to level their rifles at
the four masked men. Their boss sprinted
his horse ahead to the station.

  Jack and Gary shifted to end-wall loop-
holes in time to see Austell leap from his
horse in a flying dismount. Pistol to pis-
tol, he confronted the masked man who had
tied up Connie and the station-agent. After
what looked like an exchange of threats,
the two appeared to reach some kind of
agreement. Both holstered their pistols,
and the masked man backed off a few steps.
Austell then hastened to untie Connie.

  With the girl walking between them, the
two men started straight across toward
the store. Jack growled a curse and lifted
his pistol, ready to shoot.
Go-getter Gary

  “Hold on,” said Gary. “Miss Connie is
waving her handkerchief. They’re coming
to talk.”

  “I’ll talk to that Tonto sneak with lead,”
muttered Jack.

  But he did not shoot, even when the
three came within close pistol-range. The
masked man had discreetly dropped back
behind Connie. The party disappeared
around the corner of the store.

  When Gary and Jack shifted to front
loopholes, they found the three callers be-
fore the door, the masked man still back
of Connie. Austell stood side by side with
the girl, his look no less anxious than hers.
“Hey, Jack,” he sang out. “You there?”
“Sitting pretty,” replied Jack. “What’s
doing?”

  Austell indicated the masked man with a
jerk of his thumb.

  “Looks like trouble, buddy. Wy saw
them shoving you toward the rails. He
hit for the ranch to tell me. I picked up
all my boys within reach and came to ask
how-come. This Tonto peeler claims you
collected a bunch of their calves and
bronc’s.”

  “It’s a dirty lie,” shouted Jack. “I’ve
rustled no Tonto stock.”

’T’HE masked man pulled his hat-brim low
and let down his neckerchief enough
below his nose to yell back threateningly:
“You’re the liar, Royd. Sheriff hisself
found the boss’ calves an’ hawses you rus-
tled. Tonto went an’ seen the calves. You
switched the hawses ’fore he got there.”
“I’ll talk to no sneak who’s afraid to
show his face,” Jack countered. “Where’s
Tonto? Try to frame me, will he? I want
to tell him he’s a cross between a rattler
and a hydrophobia skunk.”

  The masked man appeared to hesitate.
Then, as Austell turned to stare at him, he
yelled louder than before:

  “Jest you wait, yuh hawse-thief! Tonto’s
trailing them rustled bronc’s. Soon’s he gets
here, we’ll dynamite yuh out yore hole an’
string you up to a telegraph pole, ’long-
side yore dude desperado.”

  Gary saw his chance to cut in.

  “We’ll be delighted to see Mr. Drake.
While waiting for his arrival, you might go
around and tell Lobo Leet I’m wearing the
star that Sheriff Sutton took away from
him and gave to me as a special deputy.”
The look of concern on Austell’s hand-
some face suddenly vanished in a red flare
of anger.

THE BLUE

  “That’s another lie,” he charged. “Sut-
ton’s not fool enough to trust a killer he
went to arrest. Where is he? Why didn’t
he go with you to take Royd? You can’t
answer that, because you’ve murdered him!
You shot him down in cold blood when he
was fetching you from the Tonto ranch.”
“You bungling tinhorn!” called back
Gary. “Can’t slip a card out of your sleeve
without fumbling it. You’ve spilled your
game. How did you know Sutton sent
me to take Royd? You can’t prove it.
You’ve shown yourself up as a liar.”

  As Gary had calculated, rage so blinded
Austell that he stumbled into the trap.

  “You slick killer! Can’t prove it, can’t
I? Sutton told me, himself—uh—uh—I
mean, he—”

  “Yes,” broke in Gary, “he reported it to
you at the trail butte, where you were lay-
ing for me—where you left your masked
men waiting to get both me and Royd.”
Austell dodged behind Connie barely in
time to miss the bullet from Jack’s roaring
forty-five. He crouched back of the girl,
gripping her fast by the elbows. The
masked man crouched in line directly be-
hind him.

  “You skulking coyote!” Jack yelled out
at him. “Stand clear and take your medi-
cine, you yellow-streaked coward! ”

  “Yes, I will!” flung back Austell. “Must
think I’m a crazy fool—like yourself. Here
I try to pull you out of a bad hole, and
you crack down on me at the word of a
city killer.”

  “At your own bean-spilling,” corrected
Jack. “You let out you talked with Sut-
ton, after you said Owen had killed Sut-
ton!”

  “No. I saw Sutton before—on his way
to the Tonto to take Owen—after he missed
him at your ranch.”

  Gary cut in again: “You didn’t see
him then—else he’d have told you about
his finding rustled stock on Royd’s home
range. You didn’t meet him then, and
he didn’t tell you anything. I know he
didn’t. He didn’t say a word to me about
meeting you.”

  “Why should he, you alley sneak?”

“But why shouldn’t you go out yourself
to warn Royd against Drake? You’ve
been claiming to be Royd’s best friend.”
Austell was too clever to be caught twice
in the same way.

  “I’ll answer you with a rope! —Jack, you
can’t have gone plumb loco. Here’s a big-
ger bunch of Tontos—more men than I’ve

168
BOOK MAGAZINE	By Robert Ames Bennet

169

got with me. They’re itching to stnng you
up with Sutton’s murderer. They claim
that Drake and the rest of his peelers
are heading in. I can’t stand off the whole
outfit! Turn your gun on that alley rat,
and I’ll fix these Tontos before the old kill-
er gets here.”

  But Jack’s suspicions were now fixed as

Connie safe inside flashed upon Gary. But
his call to her brother passed unheeded.
Jack was already shouting his derision.

  “Bah! Think I’d fall for that bunk? If
you couldn’t outshoot us yourself, you’d
send a man through to let Lobo in at the
back door.”

  That was the limit for Austell. He gave

“Oh!” cried Connie. “It’s
some one on the butte. He’s
signaling with a mirror!”

stubbornly against Austell as they had been
against Gary.

  “Prove it,” he challenged. “Lay out that
sneak behind you and send Connie to untie
the agent. A wire will get Sutton and a
posse here before Tonto can clean us up.”

  Connie found a chance to give out a bit
of encouraging news:

  “There’ll be a posse coming, with or
without Mr. Sutton. Winton managed to
wire my first message before we were held
up by this man.”

A USTELL let go of Connie to twist half
about and cover the puncher behind
him with his pistol. The fellow threw up
his hands.

  “All right now, Jack,” Vance called. “I
wont let Connie risk the run to the station.
Open the door. I’ll slide in with my boys.
We can easily hold off Drake till the posse
comes.”

  A way to outfox the schemer and get

over his pretense of holding up the masked
man, and faced front again to level his
pistol over Connie’s slender shoulder.

  “You bobo!” he shouted. “Here I’m
risking my life to hold the bunch off you,
yet you turn me down cold—you try your
best to shoot me. I’m through! I quit!”
“Just what I thought you were—a yellow
quitter!” gibed Jack.

  This last jab stung Austell into showing
his hand. He fired through Jack’s loop-
hole. The bullet flipped off Jack’s back-
pushed hat. It would have drilled his fore-
head if he had not been crouched to peer
along the barrel of his pistol.

  As Gary looked to see if Jack had been
hit, a screaming bullet ricocheted in at his
own loophole. A hasty glimpse showed
the upraised hand and pistol of the man
behind Austell. Gary’s snap shot in return
Go-getter Gary

shattered the pistol butt and the hand that
grasped it. With a howl, the man leaped
up and started to run, only to pitch upon
his face, shot in the leg by Jack.

DULLETS from Austell’s automatic came
flying back through the loopholes. The
fight was on in deadly earnest. Yet even
when Austell stopped to reload, he kept so
close behind Connie that neither Jack nor
Gary dared fire at him. Gary could have
put any number of shots into a dollar circle
at the distance. But his nerve failed him
when it came to the risk of shooting so
close to Connie’s head.

  The wounded man had scrambled up and
was hopping away in wild haste to get be-
yond pistol-range. The other masked men
and the five Hat-on punchers had given
over their pretense of mutual hostility. All
were bunching together, with rifles pointed
at the store.

  In the blank hush that followed his
burst of fire, Austell called out from behind
the terrified girl: “Damn you, Jack!
Hope that got you and your killer side-
kick, you calf-rustling horse-thief!”

  Jack choked with rage, but Gary said it
for him: “How nice that sounds from a
perfect gent protecting a lady!”

  “I’ll be protecting her long after you are
buzzard meat,” replied Austell. “You too,
Jack, if she doesn’t come through! She’ll
agree right here and now to marry me, or
I pull out and leave you to the bunch, along
with your city killer.”

  “Oh-h!” gasped Connie. “Oh, no, no!
You can’t—not either of them! Oh,
please! ”

  Austell’s already angry voice shook with
jealous fury. “Hell! So that’s it? You’ve
fallen for the killer dude. That cinches
it! I’m going to have you, or I’ll make
sure both of them get the rope. I’ll help
dig out the pair, then leave them to Drake’s
peelers. There’ll be no questions asked.
Owen is wanted for murder, and Drake has
a dead open-and-shut case on Jack for that
rustling.”

  Connie threw up her hands before her
eyes. She cried out in an agony of despair:
“You—oh, you—devil!”

  “All right, anything you’ve a mind to
call me, girl. I’m willing to go to hell to
get you. Only don’t forget I always get
what I go for.”

  “Connie,” shouted Jack, “throw your-
self! Drop down—down!”

  The move would have left Austell ex-

THE BLUE

posed. But even if Connie could have
rallied enough from the paralysis of her
dread and terror to have attempted to drop
down, she could not have wrenched herself
out of Austell’s powerful grasp.

  The failure of the stratagem transmuted
the jealous rage of her captor into sneering
derision.

  “Another trick misplayed, buddy,” he
mocked. “Me—I’ve got the stakes. Heads
I win; tails you lose. What I get, I hold.
She’s going to marry me. To double-
cinch the bargain, she’s going with me now.
Only difference, if she accepts my ring and
goes willingly, I call off my lobos. If she
doesn’t, I take her along anyway, and leave
the pack to finish the job.”

  “No! Oh, no!” cried Connie. “Don’t—

don’t let them.....I—I’ll agree to—”

  “You’ll not!” shouted Jack. “If he
takes you, promise or no promise, I’ll kill
him on sight, first chance I get.”

  “That’s enough, you horse-thief,” replied
Austell. “I’d have backed you against
Tonto and the law. Now you’ll get what
you’ve asked for. Here goes.”

  He lifted Connie just enough to back off
with her. Within a few steps he stumbled
against a clump of prickly pears, but man-
aged to sidle around it without once ex-
posing himself to Gary’s leveled pistol.

  The slam of the' heavy door-bar jerked
Gary’s gaze sideways. Jack had jumped
down from the loophole on the other side of
the door. He was heaving the door open. As
he lunged past it, Gary grasped his arm.
But Jack wrenched free with a violence that
slammed Gary hard against the door jamb.

  Before Gary could recover enough from
the shock to make ■another clutch, Jack
jumped out sideways to rush after Austell.
A flight of bullets thudded into the three-
foot thickness of the adobe wall. Jack had
crouched to leap the old hitch-rail. He spun
around in the air. He was pitching on his
face before the roar of the rifles reached
Gary’s ears.

  More bullets thudded into the wall.
Others flung up sand in Gary’s face as he
made his rush for Jack. His jumps from
side to side spoiled the aim of the riflemen.
But during the much longer time it took
to drag Jack back to the doorway, sheer
luck alone saved him—unless the frantic
screams of Connie helped by shaking the
nerve of the bunched gang.

  The hail of bullets struck all around
Gary, pierced his clothes, fanned his face.
Yet somehow he managed to drag his help-

170
BOOK MAGAZINE

By Robert Ames Bennet

171

less burden clear into the old building and
to one side of the doorway.

  One of the bullets that pierced the oak
planks as he heaved the door shut drove a
splinter into his right arm. He jammed
the bar fast in its socket and sprang clear
to tear the oak splinter out of his flesh.

  Bullets continued to smash through the
door and thud into the adobe wall. As
Gary climbed on his barrel stand, an in-
spraying spurt of dust and grit told that
a bullet had angled into the loophole.
Though others might follow at any mo-
ment, Gary peered out.

  Two of the Hat-on men, each with a
horse in lead, were riding to meet Austell
and Connie. Austell, already beyond pis-
tol-range, was dragging the girl along be-
side him, regardless of her desperate strug-
gles to break free.

  The men with the horses came near.
Connie’s frenzied fight suddenly stppped.
She slumped to the ground. Gary felt cer-
tain she must have fainted. But Austell
did not let go of her until he had lifted her
up into the grasp of the nearer rider. He
then jumped on one of the led-horses, took
the girl from his man, and loped away
toward the Hat-on road.

  The two riders trotted back to the group
of their fellow-punchers, probably to deliver
Austell’s final orders regarding the attack.
After a briefc stop, they galloped away after
their boss.

CHAPTER XXIII

A MUTTERED curse from Jack reached
Gary’s ears between the cracking roar
of the rifle-shots. Gary jumped down to
bend over the man he had thought dead.

  He now had time to look close at the
blue weal made by the bullet that had
struck Jack’s temple. Instead of piercing
the skull, the bullet had glanced from the
end of the hard eye-socket bone.

  Jack had only been knocked out, not
killed. He was struggling back to semi-
consciousness, growling curses in a dazed,
perhaps delirious rage. His clothes, like
Gary’s, seemed to be riddled with bullet-
holes. Gary jerked open the tattered shirt.
A bullet had nipped Jack’s side just above
his broad belt. Another had scorched
across his breast over his heart, probably
as he whirled in his fall.

  But Gary could see no fatal wound. He
ran to fetch bottles of ginger ale from

the old bar. A spurt of fizz in Jack’s face
brought him out of his daze. He staggered
to his feet.

  “Connie!” he shouted, and he lurched
toward the door.

  Gary dragged him back.

  “Wait, you bonehead! We want to help
her. Can’t do it by committing suicide.
Come back. We’ve got to shoot our way
out past Lobo. Must have horses. Aus-
tell’s carrying her to the Hat-on.”

  As Jack rushed for the bunk-room door,
he reached for his pistol. His hand struck
the top of the empty holster. He halted
in his tracks.

  “Gun gone! Must ’a’ dropped it—out
there.”

  “Go on,” urged Gary. “My pair is
enough.”

  Midway of their rush through the bunk-
room, they met the smell of burning hay.
The kitchen was hazy with smoke. Bun-
dles of lighted hay had been thrust through
the loopholes, and more hay was being
prodded in to drop on the flaring fires.

  Gary’s burst of shots through each loop-
hole put a sudden stop to the poking. Jack
had headed for the barrel from which hung
a water dipper. But he swerved to catch
up a butcher knife from beside the stove
and plunge its blade into a pile of sacked
flour.

  Hurled upon the burning table, the first
ripped sack smothered the fire with a
splurge of white powder. More bursting
sacks snuffed out the other fires.

  Gary jumped up onto the smoking table.
He jerked in the hay that wadded up the
loophole. But when he sought to peer
through the opening, he found his view
fogged by a thick swirl of smoke outside.

  “The door,” he called down to Jack.
“They’re burning the door. Must have a
big fire stacked against it.”

  “Got us holed up here,” shouted Jack.
“We’ll have to make our break out front.”

/"'’ARY dashed after him back into the
store. But even Jack recoiled from the
front door. Whether or not the riflemen
had come closer, their bullets were splin-
tering through the door faster than ever.
Their shots appeared to be aimed at the
side opposite the hinges and at the height
of the bar.

  Even as Gary halted behind Jack, to the
left of the doorway, the thick oak bar shat-
tered in two. Its end fell out of the socket
in the door-jamb. The door began to give
Go-getter Gary

172

THE BLUE

back before the shock of the striking bul-
lets.

  “No chance here,” Gary cried out the
obvious fact. “They’d drill us sure. We
must make our get-away, or we can’t help
Connie. If only we could jump through
that rear door fire! Can’t be many of them
there.”

  Jack started to reply, and halted to stare
at the stream of dirt that was falling upon
the old bar. “Hell’s bells!” he cursed.
“They’re digging through the roof!”

  “Let them,” said Gary. “This is get-
ting too thick. I’m an officer defending my
prisoner. It’s past time for winging ’em.
I’ll get the first lyncher that shows his
head.”

  “No such luck,” growled Jack. “Lobo
savvies his job. Must have the store in-
sured. That’s dynamite ’longside the
barbed wire. They’ll shove in a burning
haystack and back off to pick up the
pieces.”

  “Dynamite?” cried Gary. “Dynamite!”

  “Yeah, boy. Vance must ’a’ remembered
it and left word for Lobo how to proceed.
Say your prayers, buddy. We’re a pair
of hell-bent bobos. There’s two-three hun-
dred pounds of the stuff Vance ordered for
his new dam. Most any bullet is apt to jar
it off, once the door swings open. The
box of caps is next the dynamite. ’Scuse
me. I’ll take my chances of dodging shots.
C’mon!”

  But Gary gripped his arm.

  “No. I remember—dynamite at a big
fire. Brace the door and chase back to the
kitchen.”

pARY spoke with more assurance than
he felt. But he had to head off Jack
from another rush out into that deadly
rifle-fire. Only half convinced, Jack heaved
three or four cases of canned goods against
the door.

  By the time he reached the bar, Gary
had a box of dynamite broken open and
had snatched up two sticks of dynamite,
along with the cap-box and a coil of fuse.

  Though no more burning hay had been
poked into the kitchen, smoke was pouring
in through the loopholes. It was also seep-
ing in at every crevice of the door except
the inch-wide crack on the threshold, where
the cool inner air of the room was sucking
outward.

  Gary capped and fused one stick of
dynamite and nodded to Jack through the
deepening haze of smoke.

  “Stand on this side with the saddles. If
it works we can hot-foot out. I’ll handle
the gats while you saddle up.”

  “Shoot!” shouted Jack.

TIE swung the saddles onto his shoulder.

    Gary stooped and reached out side-
ways to flick his bomb through the crack
under the door. With all his quickness,
his hand and arm had barely jerked clear
when the roaring explosion bulged in the
lower part of the ponderous door. Flame,
smoke, embers, hot dirt spurted through
the gaping cracks.

  Yet in an instant the door sprang back
into place. Though its lower planks were
shattered, it had not been blown off its
old hand-wrought hinges. The bar also had
held. Gary kicked the door to loosen the
jammed bar, slid the bar out of its socket,
and gave the door a hard tug inward.

  The dynamite had more than blown the
flaming heap of fuel to pieces. The shock
of its concussion had put the fire out.
Through the whirling smoke Gary saw the
horses plunging at the far side of the small
corral.

  As he dashed out toward them, over the
smoking bits of wood, he caught sight of
Wy, unmasked, gaping around the corner of
the hayrack. The big foreman’s six-shooter
was leveled toward the door. But his as-
tonishment over the explosion slowed his
pull on the trigger just a split second too
long.

  Gary could not break the habit that had
become second nature to him. His shot
was aimed only to hit Wy’s shoulder. As
the six-shooter fell, Wy’s left hand thrust
skyward. Gary ran past him and whirled
to look up on the dirt roof of the building.

  One of the two men on top was still dig-
ging with a shovel. The other stood wait-
ing with an ax, ready to chop the roof
poles. At sight of Gary he dropped the
ax and pulled his gun. Gary winged him.
The shoveler threw up his hands.

  Jack had run past toward the horses. A
shot knocked the saddles off his shoulder.
He jerked them around to serve as a shield,
and yelled warningly. Gary had already
whirled to face to the right. As Lobo Leet
popped one eye out past the corner of
the wall to fire, Gary let drive from the
hip with both guns.

  He did not wait to see the lank body of
the killer hit the dust. He jerked one pis-
tol around at the man on the roof. The
shoveler had started to lower his arms.
BOOK MAGAZINE

173

By Robert Ames Bennet

“That’s it,” Gary called to him. “Turn
your back and toss your gun over your

shoulder.....Good! Now get to your

digging—raise a dust. You other bird,
swing up that ax.”

Both men hastened to obey. Gary sidled
around to pick up Wy’s six-shooter. He
nodded to the scowling foreman.

save Miss Connie from that devil Austell.”
Wy’s heavy face had gone haggard from
the pain of his shattered shoulder-joint.
But he forgot the agony in a flare of right-
eous wrath.

  “Go get the skunk, kid! Me an’ Lobo
on’y laid with the bunch at the butte to
dry-gulch you. It was Austell rustled them

Down behind
the crest ledges,
Jack slipped off
and crept back
to peer cautious-
ly over the top.

  “You can flop your wing down now.
I’m borrowing your gun for Jack. He
dropped his when he tried to stop your
boss from kidnaping his sister.”

  “Kidnap?” muttered Wy. “Aw, bunk!
Austell is a devil, but not that kind. He
wouldn’t hurt Miss Connie.”

  “Step to the corner with me and take a
look. He dragged her off—took her on
his horse. Unless there’s a dip in the
ground, they’ll still be in sight.”

HTHE foreman’s jaw sagged. “ ’Fore God,
I knowed he was bad, but I’d ’a’ swore
he wasn’t that bad.”

  “Who worked the frame-up on Jack,
planting that rustled Tonto stock on his
range?” asked Gary. “Was it you or Aus-
tell or Lobo?”

  The last name sent Wy’s glance darting
toward the body sprawled in the dust at
the comer of the wall.

  “Kid, I got to hand it to yuh. That’s
the second time I seen yuh beat Lobo at
trigger-twiggling. Yuh could ’a’ popped me
off like a calf. All yuh done was bust my
shoulder. ’Cause why?”

  “Couldn’t help it with Lobo,” said Gary.
“He showed only his head, and I had to
stop him. Jack and I are on our way to

Tonto bronc’s we rode. It was him used
a running-iron on them calves to frame-up
Royd. Slicker work! Now for him to go
an’ take Miss Connie! Hope you lay him
out like you done Lobo! ”

  A shout from Jack, and the pounding of
hoofs, told Gary the horses were saddled.
He glanced around, expecting to see his
pinto. But Jack was on one of Lobo’s
broncos and leading the other. Both ani-
mals were still high-strung and quivering
from their fright over the dynamite explo-
sion.

  Gary handed Wy’s revolver to Jack and
jammed both his own guns tight in their
holsters. As he expected, the bronco
started to plunge and whirl around in
circles when he tried to mount. He never
could have made his saddle had not Jack
grabbed the bronco’s bridle and buttressed
his own horse against the dancing animal’s
off side.

  The moment Gary was in his saddle,
Jack let go and spurred his bronco for the
corral entrance at a bucking run. Gary’s
bronco also crow-hopped, though fortu-
nately he did not pitch as hard as Jack’s.
Gary was able to stick on.

  Even more fortunately, the attackers had
left the corral gate open. While Jack and
Go-getter Gary

174

THE BLUE

Gary were intent upon the fractious bron-
cos, the unwounded man on the roof had
found courage to drop his shovel and pull
his gun. The fast-banging automatic must
have dropped both Jack and Gary before
they cleared the corral if their horses had
not been plunging so wildly.

JACK fired back one shot, between pitches.
Gary had too much to do staying in his
saddle to shoot at all. But the broncos
swirled through the open gateway, side by
side, without crashing against the gate
posts. And once clear of the corral, they
lined out at a dead run that quickly took
them beyond pistol-range from the build-
ing.

  The gate was at the far end of the cor-
ral, away from the station. The big adobe
building, the feed-rack and a shed had hid-
den from the men out in front all that was
happening in the corral. The upflung
hands on the roof had been offset by their
quick lowering and the resumption of the
shovel work.

  Owing to the combination of luck, quick
shooting, quick saddling and quick wit, the
outslipping pair got away to a flying start.
But Gary felt none too easy even after his
bronco settled down to straight running and
the man on the roof had stopped his erratic
shooting.

  With his unbroken arm the wounded man
had started to signal the bunch out in front.
When Jack and Gary raced into sight on
the open ground, some of the bunch were
already mounting their horses. The others
swung their rifles around. Gary wondered
why they did not at once open fire. Then
he guessed that they could not make out
the wounded signaler’s shouts and gestures.
They were uncertain whether one or both
of the hasty riders belonged to their own
crowd.

  The delay was hardly more than mo-
mentary. Such experienced punchers had
only to get an eyeful of Gary’s riding to see
that he was no cowboy. Vet their brief
hesitation meant many yards to horses run-
ning at top speed. Also the breaks of the
game were still with Jack and Gary. The
men who had not jumped for their horses
happened to have only a cartridge or two
left in their rifles. These first shots missed.
Before the riflemen could reload, Jack
swerved off to the right and jumped his
bronco into a broad wash. Gary made the
leap after him just as the rifles cracked
loose again.

  The wash wound away to the east of
north, and its gravelly bed was hard going.
But unlike all the other horses, the broncos
were fresh. Jack kept them on a run until
well beyond rifle-shot from the bunch afoot.
At the next break in the bank of the wash,
he jumped his horse up onto the level des-
ert.

   Though the sprint had dropped the pur-
suing horsemen farther to the rear, they
•were still within range and coming fast
along the bank of the wash. They at once
spread out and opened fire.

   Jack bent forward over his saddlehorn
to spur his bronco into another burst of
speed. Gary’s horse followed his leader in
this second sprint. It was a killing pace
even for the toughest of desert-bred horses.
Gary now realized why Jack had not re-
saddled their own horses.

  The fresh broncos literally ran away
from the pursuers. The following horses,
already tired by their chase from the butte,
could not hold up under the strain. They
soon slowed down. The rifle-fire also
slackened. Even at the first none of the
shots had come near. Any hit with a rifle
bullet fired from a galloping horse is a sheer
accident.

LJALF a mile more, and the outdistanced
pursuers gave up shooting. None the
less, they followed along as best they could.
Jack had been angling a little to the left.
He and Gary struck into the Hat-on trail.
That proved to the gang that the pair were
after their boss. They might yet catch
them between two fires.

   Jack eased the pace down to a moderate
gallop and signed for Gary to come up be-
side him.

   “Buddy,” he said, “you pulled it off.
That dynamite stunt and the way you
nailed Lobo! I don’t give a damn if you
are a killer. Side with me till I get Vance,
and I’ll side with you till hell freezes over.”

  “No,” replied Gary. “We’re not going
for him. It’s for Connie.”

   “Same thing,” snapped Jack.

   Gary did not answer. The ride from the
Tonto out to the Box R and all the way
in to the rails had fairly wrecked him.
Atop that had come the gun-fight at the
old fort-store, and now this second ride for
life—-

   No, it was not a ride for life—it was, as
he had said, for Connie. Had it been
only to save his own life or Jack’s, he must
have dropped off the galloping bronco. He
BOOK MAGAZINE

175

By Robert Ames Bennet

was all in—used up. Yet he could not give
way. He had to keep going— Connie
needed his help.

CHAPTER XXIV

"THE pursuing bunch of Hat-on riders
had been distanced nearly a mile when
Gary sighted Austell and his pair of fol-
lowers rounding the end of a ridge half as
far ahead.

  The three horses were walking. This
may have been due to the fact that Aus-
tell’s horse was carrying double. More
probably Austell, having gotten Connie be-
yond sight of the rails, was taking his time.
His idea may have been to loiter along
until his gang could finish the penned-in
victims and overtake him.

  Jack’s eyes were better trained than
Gary’s to interpret distant movements.
He flung out his clenched fist and shouted
a curse.

  “What—is it?” panted Gary, spurring up
beside him.

  “They’ve spotted us, buddy. Didn’t you
see ’em duck? Vance’ll mosey along and
leave his pair of black-jacks to pick us off.
Bound to get us from cover even if I had
a hatful of rifle clips..... No, wait!”

  The sullen ruddy-brown eyes flared with
reckless elation.

  “It’s the big arroyo. Road skirts its
bank back alongside of that ridge. There’s
a fool-killer cut-across. Only thing, you
couldn’t make it.”

  Gary did not hesitate. “I’ll stick to the
road—keep them busy while you head him
off.”

  The look Jack gave him was ample pay
for the offer.

  The road kept on until close to the rocky
barrier of the ridge before it twisted off to
the right to stretch for the turn around
the ridge end. At the twist a barranca cut
down the ridge to continue as a small ar-
royo, or wash, that drained into the big
arroyo.

  Jack cut up the steep boulder-strewn bed
of the barranca. Gary crossed over the
wash and galloped ahead to where the sharp
bend of the big arroyo pinched the road
tight against the end of the ridge.

  The bronco, still galloping strong, rapidly
lessened the distance to the turn. They
came within close range of it. Even an
ordinary rifle-man could not have failed to
hit his mark so near at hand. Yet still

no bullets came cracking to knock Gary
out of his saddle.

  There was the chance that the two
guards had guessed Jack’s stratagem and
ridden on to protect their boss. At the
thought, Gary bent forward over his sad-
dlehorn to spur his bronco into a sprint.
And then—■

  The bullet that had been aimed for his
heart pierced through the muscle at the left
base of his neck, missing the jugular vein
less than an inch. The other bullet drilled
his hat brim.

LJIS jerk on the bit swerved the bronco to
the left so suddenly that the second
pair of bullets both missed. A moment
later the animal crashed through a big
thorn bush. Gary, already tottering for a
fall, was clawed out of his saddle by the
hooked thorns.

  The shock did not quite stun him. As
instinctively as a dazed boxer counters a
blow, he rolled sideways behind a shelter-
ing boulder. Here was safety, at least for
a few moments. He dropped flat on his
chest, utterly spent.

  Yet even before he caught his breath,
which had been knocked out of him by
his fall, the thought of Connie again started
to galvanize his nerves to renewed effort.
Through his hot brain flashed mental pic-
tures of the two riflemen racing on along
the road—of Jack shot down like himself
—of Austell making his get-away with Con-
nie.

  That last stung his lax muscles like the
lashing strokes of a rawhide quirt. He
struggled to his knees. The thorn-torn
bronco had swung back into the road and
come to a quivering, snorting halt. He
might possibly stand still for his rider to
remount. But at best that would mean
stepping out from behind the boulder to
where the hidden riflemen would have clear
aim.

QN the other hand, there was no other
^ cover for several yards up the rocky
pitch of the ridge. As Gary hesitated, he
noticed the blood that dripped from his
neck down upon the back of his left hand.
He wadded his neckerchief into both ends
of the wound. This gave him time to re-
call his promise to Jack that he would keep
the riflemen busy.

  A rush straight at the bronco would have
sent the beast off on the jump. Gary
steadied himself and walked briskly out
Go-getter Gary

from behind the boulder at an angle to
bring the bronco between him and the place
from which the shots had been fired.

  The bronco shied around to eye him.
But no more shots broke the hot hush of
the desert afternoon. The conviction seized
upon Gary that his ambushers had ridden
on to get Jack. He had need of all his
self-control to keep from rushing the
bronco.

  The animal was all too uneasy even over
his rider’s slow sideward approach. But
Gary spoke to him soothingly and kept his
hands down. When the bronco started to
whirl away from him, he managed by quick
footwork to step on the trailing reins.

  Still no bullets came driving to complete
the work of the first one. The bronco,
once caught, stood quiet. Spurred by des-
peration, Gary jerked his foot up into the
stirrup and fairly jumped on.

THE jab of his spurs sent the bronco
bounding along the road. The plung-
ing beast grazed the brink of the twenty-
foot drop-off into the arroyo and swerved
sharply along it to the left.

  Gary did not heed how narrowly they
were shaving the edge of destruction. His
gaze had fixed upon the sloping far bank,
where, through the thin foliaged tops of the
arroyo’s trees, he saw two riders spur up
over the edge to race away eastward at
top speed.

  Before he could guess what this meant,
his bronco sprinted on around the sharp
point of the ridge to where the road
straightened out. Not two hundred paces
ahead Austell was back-trailing at a dead
run. He still had Connie gripped fast be-
fore him.

  Close behind the kidnaper, Jack raced to
overtake him, yelling and flourishing Wy’s
six-shooter like a madman. But strangest
of all, down the west slope beyond Jack
were flying a whole bunch of wild riders.

  Gary surmised that the new gang were
Drake and his outfit coming to lynch Jack
for the rustling. All the more reason to
hasten the rescue of Connie! No, it would
be better to let Austell get past, then over-
haul him during the run away. from the
Tonto' outfit.

  But Austell did not give Gary time to
turn out of the road. At sight of him he
had started to pull his horse. As he
wheeled the animal around, he thrust out
his pistol for a pop shot.

  Jack saw the movement in time to duck

By Robert Ames Bennet

176

forward and jerk the head of his bronco
upward. Shot through the brain, the
bronco pitched down, hurling Jack heels
over head.

  As Gary fired into the air, in an attempt
to divert Austell’s attention, he saw Con-
nie struggling to wrest Austell’s pistol out
of his grasp. She might be able to cling
to it a few seconds while Gary’s sprinting
bronco brought him up alongside the two.
Gary dug in his spurs.

  But his shot had served only to warn
Austell that instant action was needed.
Unable to free his pistol from Connie’s
clutch, Austell jumped off his horse with
her. A sideward wrench flung the girl to
one side. He thrust out his pistol. Jack
had struggled up on one elbow. The old
six-shooter- roared.

  Austell staggered back. The pistol fell
from his down-sinking hand. He- swayed,
clutched at his waist, and crumpled slowly
to the ground.

  Gary was reining in his bronco. But he
did not stop. The quickness with which
Connie had picked herself up showed that
she had not been badly hurt. No need
to look twice at Austell to see he was done
for. But the Tonto bunch were coming
fast, with Drake several lengths in the
lead.

  After that one shot Jack had flattened
down. He lay motionless. Gary stopped
the bronco beside him and slid out of the
saddle. Though the ground reeled under
him like a boat in choppy waves, he man-
aged to balance himself from falling.

  Before his dizzy eyes the swiftly swelling
form of the Tonto bunch’s leader split into
two Drakes. But what of that? He had
a gat for each of those red-faced squint-
eyed twins! He steadied the guns, one at
each side of his belt, and called a sharp
warning:

  “Halt! Royd’s my prisoner.”

  The twin horses and Drakes slithered to
a stop in a cloud of dust—and suddenly
ceased to be twins. The one scowling Drake
roared an angry remonstrance:

  “Let up, kid. Royd’s all right. It’s Aus-
tell I’m after!”

MINE punchers came piling up behind
their leader in rapid succession. Gary’s
clearing gaze recognized Lin and others of
the Box R men. Drake was unbuckling
the rope from his saddle. He growled an
explanation:

  “I got Royd’s boys with me, kid. Aus-
tell done the rustling. We been tracking
him. The hawse he rode was in his round-
up string. Got a bar ’cross the nigh hind
shoe, ’count of a split hoof. Quit yore
fooling now and lemme by. I’m going to
put my rope on him.”

  Gary did not lower his pistols.

  “No. He’s my prisoner. The Sheriff
deputized me. There’ll be no lynching.”

  Jack was pulling himself up on his knees.
He turned his scratched, dirt-grimed face
toward Drake.

  “You’re too late, Tonto. I beat you to
it,” he said, with no trace of exultance in
his husky voice. “My shot went low, but
—Vance wont need the rope.”

  “All right, that goes,” agreed Drake and
he dropped his rope.

  Gary shoved his pistols into their hol-
sters. As he swayed over, Drake sprang
in to keep him from falling. Gary twisted
around in those bear-like supporting arms.
He had something to say to Connie before
he went under.

  She had knelt beside Austell, hold-
ing his head and shoulders up against her.
His hand was moving on the top of his
thigh—scrawling with a pencil on a piece
of paper.

 Jack staggered up. He and Drake
and the men all moved forward, and Gary
found himself moving with them, held on
his feet by Drake’s powerful grasp.

  Austell stopped his slow scrawling. He
lifted the paper and pencil in his heavy
hand. His upturning face was ghastly gray

177

Connie’s frenzied fight
stopped and she slumped
to the ground.

and rigid from agony. Yet he spoke with
startling distinctness:

“My—will. Sign—witness.”

Jack hesitated, then reached down and
took the paper. He stared at the writing
in a puzzled way.

“Uh—just that bill-of-sale I gave you—
canceled.”

“No,” gasped the dying man. “Other
side.”

The paper turned over in Jack’s shak-
ing hand. He stared at the words that
sprawled aslant the creased sheet.

“All!” he muttered. “You give all your
property to Connie!”

  The girl cried out in protest: “Oh, no!
No, Vance! I—I couldn’t take it—from
you! ”

  He twisted his head up and backward
to peer at her through the glaze that had
already dimmed the bright blue of his
eyes.

  “Connie, I’m bad—own it. Bound for—
hell. Got Jack into scrapes. Let me pay
—pay what I can.....God, how I love

you—”

  What Connie saw in those darkening eyes
Gary could not tell. But he saw the up-
welling flood of tenderness that swept the
repulsion and horror from her face. He
saw her bend low and stroke Austell’s
sweat-beaded forehead.

  His own eyes went dark. He became
vaguely aware that his back and chest were
wet from the reopened wound in his neck.
Then blackness fell upon him.

CHAPTER XXV

VV/AVES—cool waves and the stifling heat
of midsummer on his favorite Lake
Shore bathing beach. Gary felt himself
afloat, with the rollers breaking over him.

  Then he realized that the waves were
striking only his head and face ....
they became small gushes of water. That
flashing glare above his head was not a
searchlight, • it was a sun-glinting bit of
metal on a canteen.

The mouth of the canteen pressed against
Go-getter Gary

178

THE BLUE

his opening lips. He swallowed, and gazed
up into the friendly eyes of Jack Royd.
The bruised lips below the skinned nose
twisted in an encouraging half-grin.

  “Keep a-coming, buddy. You’re making
the grade.”

  Gary groped for speech and managed to
whisper a word: “Connie?”

  “Just hit out to fetch a wagon, soon’s
she saw you’d be 0. K. That fool Hat-on
bunch had the gall to show themselves
down the road. Tonto and the boys went
to bring them into camp.”

  “Austell?”

THE smiling eyes clouded with regret.
^ “Cashed in. If only I hadn’t—but it
was him or me! ”

  “Yes,” agreed Gary, that bitter taste of
failure and loss in his mouth. “It’s bound
to happen, sooner or later, no matter how
good you think you are at handling a gat.
We’re a pair of killers. But you’re her
brother. That lets you out.”

  Jack stared down at him and started to
reply, but blurred into a mumbled mutter
about locoed bobos. He backed off to
swing a sag-headed bronco around so that
its shadow fell upon Gary.

  Though Gary’s arms felt heavy as lead,
he tried to pull them up to feel what was
pressing so tight on the side of his neck.

  “Quit it,” ordered Jack. “Lie still. You
don’t want to open up that hole again.
We’ve got it hog-tied. But no telling what
it’ll do if you keep squirming.”

  Gary let his hands go lax and lay still.
After all, he and Jack had saved Connie.
What did anything else matter? The
shadow of the horse added to the grateful
coolness from the wetting by the water out
of the canteen. He felt very tired. It
would be good to go to sleep now—and
forget!

  He roused to the sound of a bluff voice
that boomed with rather oily heartiness.
“By—jakes! Chief of police, you say?
That shooting kid is going to keep his star
if I have to cram it down his throat.”
“Shore yuh will, Sutton,” came back a
grimly humorous reply in the voice of
Tonto Drake. “You’ll keep him for yore
deputy till we cain vote him in as Sheriff!
How ’bout them other letters, Miss Con-
nie?”

A BOVE Gary’s opening eyes appeared
**■ neither blue sky nor stars but a rough
lamplit ceiling. His neck was still too

tightly bound for him to be able to turn
his head. But Connie’s voice sounded
closer than the others. It had an odd
quaver.

  “Oh, yes, Mr. Drake. This one from
the Payroll Delivery Company is still bet-
ter. Listen. ‘To Whom It May Concern:
This is to certify that Gary Owen resigned
from our force to become a special officer.
We employ no man who can not show a
hundred per cent record as regards both
character, past history and ability. As pay-
roll guard before we began to use armored
cars, Owen helped to prevent five at-
tempted hold-ups. Each time he was the
guard mainly responsible for saving the
money and capturing the bandits. He
never missed a shot, yet never killed a
man.’ ”

  Drake gave the fat sheriff another dig:
“That cinches it, Sut. A kid that’s got
the sand and savvy to no more’n wing
skunks banging at him with sawed-off shot-
guns—”

  “No,” Gary broke in. “All you have to
do is get in the first shots.”

  “Yep, kid. Yuh got the idee,” agreed
Drake. “Alius was my own practice—beat-
ing ’em to the draw. On’y you seem dead
set on fancy wing-shooting. You done it
even in yore first go with Lobo.”

  “Please,” said Connie. “Here’s the last
letter—the fourth. I like it best of all.
It’s from Mr. M’Gruder—Michael P,
M’Gruder. Here it is:

  “ ‘Miss Constance Royd. Madam:
Gary Owen writes me to give you the low-
down on him. Well, madam, the worst
slam I can give him is he is too damn’
careful not to hurt the guys he gets. His
fool notion is just to puncture their gat
fins. The reward for killers and bank-
robbers dead is double what he gets for
them alive.’ ”

  Connie paused to catch her breath, then
went on still more quaveringly:

  “ ‘All the same, he has been my head
gun in breaking up one Mafia blackhand
bunch and three bootleg gangs. Also he
blocked two attempts to bump me off.
Last time he got hit. Broke the gunman’s
shoulders from the floor. The gangs call
him Gary the Gat because he can out-
shoot the coldest-blooded killers among
them. He writes something about a cow-
farm. If he wants to buy a dairy or two
out in your country, tell him he is wel-
come to draw on me up to fifty grand.’ ”
“Huh?” grunted Tonto Drake.
BOOK MAGAZINE	gy Robert Ames Bennet

179

   The voice of Jack “chipped in” a bit of
 modern knowledge: “A grand is a thou-
 sand dollars.”

   “Say, looky here—” Drake’s freckled
 fist appeared above Gary’s side to level a
 thick forefinger at his face. “You young
 son-of-a-gun, you don’t need no grands to
 buy into the Tonto. I’m r’aring to hitch
 up with a pard that’ll be a sort of—uh—
 son—a kid with sand and the savvy.”

   Again it was Jack who replied: “We’re
 both too late, Tonto. The Hat-on got in
 first bid.”

   Gary was still puzzling over what this
 could mean when a quiet remark from Con-
 nie ended the long-drawn moment of
 silence:

   “Mr. Drake, why can’t we make it a
 kind of family matter? We’ve had too
 much of the opposite. I—I can’t stand
 any more of it. Can’t you consider Jack
 and me as a sort of son-in-law and a sort
 of daughter-in-law?”

   “Huh? Huh, yuh little cuss! D’yuh
 mean—”

   “Hush!” Connie’s voice almost shrilled.
 “He must be quiet. It’s time you went.”

 LJE heard a sudden scraping of feet
 and chairs, and a gruff chuckle from
 Drake, followed by Sheriff Sutton’s stage
 whisper: “The lucky dude!”

   The sound of footsteps lessened. A door
 closed. The hush convinced Gary that he
 had been left alone. He sought to relieve
 his feelings with a groan.

   Almost instantly Connie’s face appeared
 above his head. Her hand touched his
 forehead and started to stroke it—as it had
 stroked Austell’s forehead. Remembrance
 of that made him flinch.

   “Don’t! I’m not fit—no more than he
 was. I’m not only a gunman. I’m a killer

—now..... Lobo—”

   “Ho! Jack told me all about that.”
 The ruddy-brown eyes flashed, glowed, and
 melted. “You silly boy! It’s high time
 you had some one to take care of you.”
 “But you’ve no cause to bother, Miss
 , Connie. I’ve done nothing.”

   “Of course not!” she scoffed. “Just you
 try, though, to slip my rope! Why do
 you suppose I had Mr. Sutton, that day
 on the train, tell you to ask for work at
 the Hat-on?”

   “You? You did that?”

   “Of course. I knew Vance would re-
 fuse, and I counted on your then coming
 out to us. Only I didn’t foresee the quarrel

 between Jack and Vance or that I would
 misunderstand what you are.”

  “A killer,” put in Gary.

  She clapped her hand over his mouth.

  “I told you not to be silly. And you
needn’t think for a minute I’m going to
let you go back to your frightful dangerous
city life. You’ve settled things here and
you’re going to settle here. You’ll be
called upon as deputy for only an occa-
sional shooting-case or rustling, or maybe
a bank robbery. Nothing to compare with
those awful gangs.”

  “Deputy? It’s gunman work, just the
same.”

  Again the ruddy-brown eyes flashed.

  “Your kind of work—the kind my father
did. Not gangster killings—not bad-man
gun-play. My father was Sheriff of this
county. He died fighting for law and
order.”

  Gary swallowed the lump in his throat.

  “Well—well, then, I’m going to explain
about my knowing how to stack the cards
on Austell. A sleight-of-hand performer I
happened to do a favor for showed me his
card-tricks, and I’m naturally quick-
handed. But I never before dealt crooked
in a game. I wouldn’t have done it then
if—”

  “If it hadn’t been to help Jack, and
Vance was cheating you,” broke in Connie.
“You had to do it to save Jack from losing
everything by Vance’s dishonesty. But
we’re talking now about our plans. Next
election you’re going to be Sheriff, as Tonto
said, unless—”

  “Yes?”

  “Unless you’d rather stay home all the
time and let me run you as well as the Hat-
on.”

QARY’S muscles might be weak, but they
had lost none of their quickness. His
fingers clutched her back-jerking arm.

  “No, you don’t. You spoke of taking
care of me. I need a lot of attention right
now. That is, I do if you’re going to run
me and I’m going to run for office. But
it can’t be true, Connie—dear.”

  “Oh, can’t it? I suppose I’ll have to
prove it to you.”

  Suddenly he felt his head clasped be-
tween her strong little hands. The look in
her eyes told him how foolish he had been
to doubt. Her lips came very close to his
lips.

  “Gary boy, you’re the man I’ve been
waiting for all my life!”
  The

 Silent

Terror

        By

   Edgar
   Young

 This man undertook a
 Business venture in Cen-
 tral America — and ran
 into difficulties both pecul-
 iar and highly exciting.

SUFFICE it to say I am a wanderer
with a bit of the ne’er-do-well in my
make-up. Farming in the Virginia
mountains was so tame that one day I
left—cached away in the “possum-belly” of
a coke rack on the Virginia and Southwest-
ern Railroad—for the great outside. But
the great outside I found was tamer yet,
at least so far as the United States was
concerned. Shop, factory, office, lumber-
jacking, ice-cutting, harvesting in Dakota,
glomming hops in Oregon, tailing up de-
crepit steers in the Panhandle—I wearied
of all these and many more, and went
roaming off into Mexico and those coun-
tries to the south which in my imagination
were pictured as wonderful and romantic
as the fabled lands of the Arabian Nights.

  It’s a long drill from Nogales, Arizona-
Mexico, to Guaymas, and a seven-hundred-
kilometer jaunt to Mazatlan. From there
the dusty trail winds through smoking vol-
canoes and around giddy precipices to
Guadalajara, a twelve days’ hike for a
man with a pack on his back. Thence
down through the Valley of Mexico which
is no valley at all but a high plateau
fringed about with snow-clad mountain

ranges and dotted here and there with ex-
tinct volcanoes, among which the gaunt,
hunch-backed Popocatapetl stands like a
white-capped monarch. Only slightly less
hoary with age are the terraced pyramids
rearing up from the cactus-grown plains.

  Seven months after I left Nogales I ar-
rived in Port Limon. As the crow flies, I
had come twelve hundred miles—and as
the typical tropical tramp meanders, from
ox-cart road to mule path and Indian pack-
track, through jungle and along beaches, I
had walked at least five hundred miles
more.

  I was trail-worn and weary. I had a
touch of fever and a touch of the sun.
There were saddle-sores on my back where
the sixty-pound pack had ridden, and my
shoulders and forehead were raw from the
pack-rope and headband. I had no money.
My shoes were worn out. I was barefoot-
ed, and barelegged to the knees where my
faded blue overalls hung in tatters. My
jumper was in ribbons. My sandy hair
was matted in a thatch on head and neck,
for I had given up the luxury of a hat
far back in Nicaragua when I swam a rapid
in the upper Segovia.
The Silent Terror

THUS I arrived in Port Limon, sick,
broke, partly nutty and with nowhere
to go. There was but a bare handful of
thatched huts clustered on the beach, for
the United Fruit had not yet begun oper-
ations there and the place was a port only
for sailing canoes and small coasting vessels.
These huts were occupied by English-speak-
ing negroes, runaway slaves from the West
Indies—gray-haired old fellows who had
felt the swoosh of the lash in the canefields
of Jammokka and Bajos, and the searing
sun, the gnawing vines and biting sawgrass
of the tropical trail. They had mated with
stolid Indian squaws, outcasts from an in-
land tribe, and some of their mixed-blood
children—Zamboes—grown to manhood
and womanhood, had intermarried.

  These people treated me with kindness,
doctoring my fever with herbs and my
tropical sores with poultices of leaves and
roots. In two weeks I was eating roasted
yams, fried plantain and fish, savory fruits
and coconut milk. Living, to these people,
was the simple matter of a few banana
bushes, a coffee-tree, a hill or two of yams,
a few leaning coconut trees. Back in the
jungle were mangoes, aguacotes, tree-melons
and whatnot. In the sea was fish, and
at night great lumbering turtles scrambled
up on the beach to spawn gallons of eggs
in shallow holes in the sand.

  But as I recovered my health, the old
urge to be moving along took hold of me.
I wanted to be on my way, though I did
not know where I was going. I had heard
that the French were about to begin work
on the Panama Canal, four hundred miles
below. I might get a job there. Then
there was Brazil—where I had heard of
gold and diamonds being mined. Or Uru-
guay or Argentine, where hard-riding
gauchos herded cattle among the bunches
of grass on the llanos. The copper mines
of Peru, the tin mines of Bolivia high in
the tops of the Andes, the nitrate fields of
Chile, these dim beacons and others heard
of by chance at some time or other, set
the wanderlust drumming in my head.

  Sandal-clad and with clean, patched
clothing, I hit the beach trail toward the
south one day. Early and late I traveled
the white hard sand down near the water’s
edge until I had put a hundred miles be-
tween me and Port Limon. A certain
thought had found lodgment in my brain
in refutation of the varied lures the wan-
derlust held out: “What’s the use—why
the hurry? It wont amount to anything;

By Edgar Young

181

you’d be sick of Panama in a week,—of
Brazil in a day,—and you’d be heading
north from Argentine by the time you hit
there!”

  It was due partly to this internal battle,
and due partly to accident, that I went up
the Changuenola River. Plodding along
the beach one afternoon I came across a
canoe which had been tossed up by a wave
and left high and dry when the tide went
out, a canoe such as those used by the
coast Indians and negroes for taking their
coconuts, yams and plantains to the larger
ports for sale.

  There was a battered old sea-chest lashed
to rings in the bottom of the canoe up
near the prow and tied shut with a rope
end. Slashing this fastening and prying
the top open, the chest appeared to be full
of hard-packed dry sand, but upon tum-
bling it out of the canoe bottom-side up,
an ax, a cap-and-ball revolver, a sealed can
of powder and a small one of caps, a hunk
of lead, a machete, and a demijohn of
aguardiente were disclosed. Poking about
in the sand I further found a wad of faded
calico, a coil of rope, a few yards of drill,
a pot, a skillet and a coconut-shell cup.

I FLOATED the canoe by prying first one
end, then the other, with a piece of
driftwood until I had it in the water. Then
I loaded in my blanket-roll and the chest
and its contents, which I had dusted and
cleaned as best I could. Using the piece
of driftwood for a paddle I set off south-
ward along the shore, hugging it closely,
although the Caribbean was like glass, and
by sundown I came to the mouth of the
Changuenola, the largest river between Li-
mon and Bocas del Toro. The tide was at
the full. I paddled the canoe up the river
to the edge of the jungle and dragging it
aground made coffee, warmed over the
plantains and yams and other provender
the Cimaroons had given me, and sat
for a long time over the fire, thinking.

  The conclusions arrived at that night
were a turning-point in my life. The next
morning after breakfast I pointed the ca-
noe’s nose up the river. The jungle growth
was sparse in the sand at the mouth but
soon a growth as dense as a mat walled
either side. The river water was murky
and muddy. Here and there the snout of
an alligator poked up for a moment as I
slid along or the stubby fin of a shark
waved above the water like the hand of
a drowning man. Farther up the water
The Silent Terror

182

THE BLUE

grew clear as crystal and fish of various
colors played around the boat. Macaws,
birds of paradise, parrots, chattering song-
birds, splotched the scene with moving
colors. Monkeys chattered in the trees.

A FEW more miles and a cool breeze
sucked down from the mountains, tem-
pering the air and flinging about the scent
of orchids and flowering vines. My eyes
began to rove on either side for a suitable
place to settle. I landed several times and
looked about. At nightfall I tied up at
the mouth of a little stream that merged
its pristine waters with those of the Chan-
guenola. In the morning, machete in hand,
I followed this stream to its source a quar-
ter of a mile inland, a great spring gush-
ing from between two jungle-clad hills.

  This jungle was not so dense as the low-
land marshy mat, tied together with lianas
and vines and wattled with briers and saw-
grass beneath, but it was several times more
dense than the thickest forest I had seen
at home. By following deer-paths and pec-
cary tracks, I cruised about in the woods
all morning and when I returned to where
I had moored the canoe my mind was made
up. The timber growth was solid and firm,
the berry bushes and briers bore fruit of
luscious freshness, the birds flitted from
branch to branch full of life and song. I
had turned up dirt in a hundred places—
it was black, friable and rich in my hands.
My farm training in the hills of Virginia
told me this was good ground, better land
than any part of Florida, better even than
any part of California. The temperature
was perpetual spring: the year around it
would average about 70° F.

  That afternoon I set about to make a
house—one of the easiest things to do in
the tropics. I cut four forked poles, and
scooping holes with my machete, set them
in the ground. Up in these forks I placed
poles I had cut. From these I mounted
two sets of “A” shaped gable rafters and
surmounted them' with a ridgepole. The
walls were of saplings, the roof of palm-
thatch half a foot thick, the doors of short
lengths of bamboo bound together with li-
anas as tough as whipcord, using for hinges
two strips of bark.

  At one side I built a lean-to, roofed with
thatch and with a wall only halfway up,
to be used as a kitchen. Within this I
drove four forked stakes into the ground
and built a platform on top, which I cov-
ered with several inches of dirt and clay.

This was to build a fire upon, to avoid
stooping when cooking my meals. I worked
like a beaver from daylight until dark and
in six days I finished house and lean-to,
fashioned a rude table and chair, swung
my hammock across the room and called
myself at home.

  This land was free and still is, the only
requirement being to exeTcise squatter sov-
ereignty over it, as I did. For the next
year I worked like a dog, urged on by some
trait within me, hitherto hidden. My
great-grandfather had carved out a home
on Wallen’s Creek, Virginia, in the very
early days. My granddaddy did the same
at Yoakum, just across the ridge. My
father went across into another valley and
cleared up a homestead. It was in my
blood, I suppose. I cut down trees,
slashed brush and burned it, gouged holes
in the ground and set out banana bushes
and coffee-trees in regular rows, and
prowled through the woods to find young
mango trees to drag home and set out. I
made deadfalls and fashioned traps of
tough hardwood.

  I wasn’t entirely cut off from the world
after a few months. The Indian women of
the Cimaroons had relations up the river
and although they paddled stolidly by with-
out turning their heads either going or com-
ing, as is their custom when away from their
men, they had observed me and had taken
back word. Wrinkled old Radford Buck-
aw, rubbing his hands and chuckling deep
in his neck, had brought his whole family
to see me one Sunday—though I hadn’t
known it was Sunday until he told me.

  The French, he told me, were working
fast and furious down in Panama and trad-
ers were combing the coast for grub. I
told him to head a few my way and I
would load their boats to the gunwales.
He told me current prices that made me
whistle—coconuts at a real and bananas
four reals a bunch!

  The next day I began getting ready for
the traders to arrive. I bustled around
merrily, thinking of my profits as I piled
up coconuts, yams and yampees, slashed
down banana bunches and piled them
along the side of the house. There was a
cone of cleaned coffee as high as I could
reach and ten feet across at the base. In
the house were a number of bales of skins
and hides, each one of which I had taken
from the animal, staked out and tanned
by hand in the Indian fashion-

  At existing prices my stock was worth
BOOK MAGAZINE

easily a thousand dollars, States money,
possibly double that. I had about gutted
the farm, but if they were paying such
prices I would plant double that much for
future sales. Prosperity and big money
loomed just ahead. I had settled there,
seeking only independence—but trade was
finding me out! I was a very happy man
when I dozed off to sleep that night.

r\URING the night I woke up, a thing
I rarely do. I opened my eyes and
lay there as still as a mouse, scarcely
breathing. A strange feeling of dread pos-
sessed me. Cold sweat oozed from my
brow and trickled down upon my face and
nose, though I am not given to ungrounded
fears. I have slept out on the trail in the
wildest parts of Mexico and Central Amer-
ica and these are not places where timid
persons sleep out alone. In this, spot I
had lived by myself for over a year, a
shaggy individual, physically tough, a man
to inspire fear rather than to experience it.

  I closed my eyes and tried to sleep. Yet
the fear still clutched me. I reared up my
head and peered about. Not a sound—
not the chirrup of a cricket, not the low
muffled whine of a mammy monkey stilling
her babe, not the cheep of a bird, not the
footfall of a night-prowling animal seeking
my spring. The silence was absolute. I
had never experienced such a stillness. My
hair chilled on my head and I could scarce-
ly breathe.

  I groped above my head for the revolver
swinging from the hammock rope. Rising
to my knees in the hammock and gripping
the pistol with a clutch of steel, I peered
intently all about the room. A pale star-
light sifted through the cracks and with
my straining eyes I made out the four
corners of the room, the table and the
chest—but no intruder of any sort.

  Thinking perhaps it was something on
the outside staring through the cracks at
me, I gave a hoarse, nightmarish yell to
startle it into making a movement—then
I would pour lead into it. Not a sound
answered my shout. I gave other shouts
and curses, daring it to come in.

  I tried to leap up and run outside, firing
the pistol, but my muscles refused to obey
me. Some strange atavistic instinct kept
me rooted to the hammock.

  Perhaps my subconscious mind had
picked up vibrations too highly tuned for
consciousness. Perhaps, sleeping, I had
become aware of a slight odor—a mere

By Edgar Young

183

trace in the air of an acid gas—that had
aroused biological memories buried by
thousands of years, hut yet there in the
germ-plasm.

  I stretched out my hand to the palm-oil
dip that swung from the ceiling, and feel-
ing under my pillow for flint and tinder
I struck a light and lit the dip. The light
blinded me for a moment and I sat there
blinking. Then I slowly looked around the
room. Apparently nothing was out of the
ordinary. Dangling my legs over the ham-
mock edge, I chided myself for the fright.
Yet I did not feel right yet. What on
earth was it? It was too much for me!
And then I saw. Happening to glance
down toward my feet I yanked them back
frenziedly into the hammock.

  The floor was black as ink. The floor
was moving! Where my feet had been a
wave of black rose and then subsided. My
eyes bulged out of my head. What repul-
sive thing was this crawling below me in
the room? I cudgeled my brains as I
scrutinized the flowing mass. Then peering
more closely, I made it out. The moving
mass was composed of billions of black in-
sects an inch long and with gaping jaws!

  Horrified, I watched them move by. I
remained for hours perched on the ham-
mock, fascinated, scarcely breathing. It
was daybreak before the rear guard passed
through, each with a hunk of flesh many
times its own size and weight in its jaws—
the emergency rations for the march. When
the last stragglers had passed I clambered
stiffly to the floor and moved about to
ease my stiffened joints. Then I went to
the door and looked out. Coming out of
the jungle at the far boundary of my farm
was a clean-mowed street, clean as a swept
floor except for the trees and larger sap-
lings. Small bushes and plants had abso-
lutely vanished before the voracious jaws
of these hunter-ants. Every living thing
the march had aroused had leaped up only
to fall back amidst the myriads of murder-
ous jaws. Birds, reptiles, all small animals
—and large ones too if they happened to
be lying down and were swarmed over be-
fore arising, for the ants boiled in a stream
into eyes, mouth, ears and all natural open-
ings of the body, tearing and rending as
they entered, eating the animal alive as it
threshed about.

I WALKED around the house. Gone
were my bananas, my coconuts, my
yams, my coffee—everything that was edi-
The Silent Terror

ble had vanished. I went inside and looked
at the bales of skins—bundles of hair were
all that remained! I had not noticed this
during the night. Every pot and pan was
scraped clean. The tin pail I had kept
peccary lard in was as clean and polished
within as if it had been scoured. My cab-
in had stood in their path and they had
gutted it—perhaps in some manner they
had sensed it and headed for it. Sadly I
followed their trail to the river’s edge. It
ran smooth as a floor down to the very
water.

  Had they drowned in the river or had
they crossed it? If so, how? By hanging
to each other and pushing the vanguard
over? By traveling under the water? The
river was two hundred feet across at this
point and there was considerable current.

  I got in my canoe and paddling over to
the opposite shore, drifted along close to
the bank looking for the place they had
landed. It should have been as plainly
discernible as a street. Yet I couldn’t find
it. I drifted along for several hundred
feet scanning the bank closely.

  Then I happened to glance back over
my shoulder. What I saw a few rods away
puzzled me. A great ball, ten feet in diam-
eter, was slowly revolving on the water and
moving steadily toward me. I should have
known, but I swear at the moment I
thought it was a balloon or some hollow
fungus that had floated out from a swamp
farther up.

  A chorus of shrill yells brought me to
my senses and set me to paddling down-
stream furiously. A half-dozen canoes hove
into sight and the occupants had taken in
my predicament at a glance. Old Buckaw,
in the prow of the leading canoe, did not
stop waving his arms and shouting until my
craft turned and lay beside his own.

  We rested on our paddles and watched
the ball of ants unmat and wind away into
the forest. That was the last I saw of
them. Although I remained for years in
Costa Rica I never saw another army of
them.

  Oh, yes, I made good. Buckaw sent one
of his boys back to Port Limon to fetch
more help, and for a fortnight my farm
swarmed with negroes, Talamanca squaws,
and Zamboes. They cleaned and dug and
set out trees and bushes, until my farm
was twice as good as before. At the end
of two months I had another crop and
with my produce I filled two sloops that
came up from Colon.

The

Double
Shut-out

SEVERAL years ago, I witnessed an
occurrence in baseball that was both
exciting and amusing. I was playing
shortstop at the time with the Blues in
one of the minor circuits of the South.

   Jimmy Ryan, a pitcher new to us that
spring, was a long, lanky sort of young-
ster, with bright red hair and a heavily
freckled face. Naturally he was an object
of much good-humored chaffing, and being
of a bashful nature was continually “picked
on” by the boys. I felt sorry for the kid,
and warmed up to him, helping him out
all I could. For all his awkward ways,
Ryan was one of the best ball-players that
I have ever seen. He was a natural-born
pitcher, with an assortment of puzzling
drops and a slow, easy, side-arm delivery.
A scout had picked him up in Texas.

    The first incident which led up to the
climax of Ryan’s triumph was when Stuart
Waters, a sporting writer on the only news-
paper in the city, visited the park to get a
line on the coming team. Waters was an
excellent sports-writer, but was too “cocky”
(at least that was the term which we used)
to be a favorite with the boys. However,
as his paper was the only one representing
the local club, he could make the players
eat out of his hand, so to speak, in order
to get a favorable write-up.

    When Waters entered the park on that
warm spring day, he was walking with
Mary Denton, who was a sort of society
editor on the paper. Waters in his cock-
sure way had already assumed that she
would eventually marry him, and so went
about with her with a proprietary air.

I never could see how Mary, who was a
nice girl, could stand a man like Waters.
Perhaps he amused her.

184
By

Don
Browne

A notably amusing
story of our favorite
national Sport, base-
ball. Perhaps you too
could send in a prize-
winning Sport story.

  Well, as I said before, Waters and Miss
Denton entered the park together. She
was leading a pet bulldog, a frisky creature
that was always trying to run about and
pull away from his chain. Benson the
pitcher was a friend of hers, and so she
stopped for a little chat with him, while
Waters strolled over toward the dugout,
where Ryan was looking over some of the
bats.

  I was standing close by and heard
Waters say, “You are Ryan, our new
pitcher, are you not?”

  The lanky pitcher straightened up, his
freckled face reddening, and stammered an
affirmative reply. Waters, by nature so
arrogant, was amused at Ryan’s embarrass-
ment, and asked him several questions,
most of them frivolous, and some even im-
pertinent.

  The reporter at last started back to
where Miss Denton and the boys were gath-
ered, but was suddenly halted by a shrill
cry from the girl: “Oh, Bobby’s loose!
Catch him, Stuart, he’s broken loose from
the chain!”

  Up in front of the grandstand came a
wild aggregation of ball-players. The ac-
tive bulldog, rejoicing in his unaccustomed
freedom, was racing madly over the green
turf, his barks drowned out by the
howling mob of ball-players, all trying to
catch him for his distressed mistress.
Waters was running down to meet them,

intending to pen the dog between himself
and the boys, but just as he reached out
his hands to grab the pup, it dodged be-
tween his legs, upsetting the immaculate
news-writer in the dust.

  It was such an amusing sight that Ryan
and I, who had remained out of the chase,
could not help laughing aloud.

  But Waters had become infuriated, and
jumping up, he started after the dog again.
Close behind him came the crowd of ball-
players, all shouting as loud as they could.
They were having a good time, if Waters
wasn’t. So was the pup, who had turned
back to meet them, just before he got to
the dugout where we stood. The reporter
made a desperate dive, and on top of him
landed the boys. Instantly there was a
twisting mass of arms and legs thrashing
about in the air. I thought that the dog
would surely be killed, but to my surprise,
when I turned around there was Ryan
calmly holding him by the collar. His
calmness, however, soon disappeared, for
Miss Denton had arrived by this time, her
profuse thanks and compliments to Ryan
so confusing him that he could do nothing
but stammer.

  You can imagine how Waters looked
when he was finally released from under
the pile of players. He sure was a sight!
And he became more angry when he saw
Mary Denton so interested in Ryan, and
paying no attention to him.
The Double Shut-out

  The next day he let off steam on his
sporting page by poking fun at the
“blushing young pitcher,” as he termed
him. .He really said more than he should
have about young Ryan and of course did
not make any friends by it.

i

VV/HEN the season opened a few weeks
1 later the Blues started out in fine
form. After two weeks’ play we were in
third place. Ryan had pitched two games,
winning both of them. His third game
a few days later was the best of all. In
it he held the opposing team to one score,
the Blues winning 2 to 1. Ryan’s pitching
was -so impressive and spectacular that at
the end of the game Mary Denton and
five of her girl friends all climbed over
the box-seat railing, and rushed out
through the crowd toward him. I knew
that the red-head was bashful, but I didn’t
know until then just how exceedingly shy
he was! When he saw the smiling girls
coming his way and calling his name, he
dropped his glove and ran through the
bleachers on into the showers, leaving be-
hind him a screaming crowd of enthusiastic
fans.

  The following day Waters had a sup-
posed-to-be-funny story of the escape of
Ryan. Again he said too many personal
things about the bashful pitcher from
Texas. It hurt the boy’s feelings so much
that he came to me that night and begged
me to go with him to Waters with a plea
to quit making fun of him. I agreed, and
going up to the sports-writer’s office, we
put the matter before him. Now, Waters
was a pretty good sport—at times—so he
agreed to quit “guying” Ryan through his
columns provided the red-head would
pitch a shut-out game against the Bears,
the league leaders, who had the hardest-hit-
ting club in the circuit.

  Two weeks later, and the last day at
home for a month, we were matched with
the league-leading Bears; if we could win
this game we would be tied for first place.
Ryan drew the assignment to pitch.

  This game, I think, was one of the most
gruelling that I have ever played or wit-
nessed. Ryan did the best pitching of
the season, his marvelous drop holding the
Bears helpless. He was fighting for a shut-
out! But in the first half of the eighth
something ^happened: the first man up hit
the first ball over for a triple. With the
sweat pouring from his forehead, the red-
head wound up after turning a warning

By Don Browne

glance to me. The next man grounded to
the box. Ryan fumbled, but as I ran in
to recover, he picked up the ball and
sqapped it to the plate. The runner,
caught between third and home, was out,
but the other man had reached second.
Ryan, trembling nervously, started to wind
up. I saw him glance toward the press-
box where Waters was sitting with Mary
Denton. She smiled at him and nodded.
Looking back at Ryan, I saw his jaw set,
and he whipped the ball over the plate like
a bullet. “Strike,” called the umpire, and
two more followed rapidly. The last man
up struck three times without success.

  As we went to the dugout I saw Ryan
glance up at the press-box and smile. Miss
Denton smiled back and nodded h?r head
again. I noticed Waters frowning at this.

  In our half of the eighth things started
off as if we would get nowhere. The first
two men struck out. But Big Phil Wil-
cox, our rightfielder, connected with one
which went over the left field fence for a
home run. You should have heard the
cheering! The third man flied out, how-
ever, leaving us with only one score.

  The ninth inning was so short that we
were scarcely in the field before the game
was over. Ryan only threw eleven balls
over the plate. He pitched with a sort of
grim determination, and yet he smiled. But
he had his shut-out, anyhow.

"THAT night I was visiting Waters in his
office. We had hardly begun a conver-
sation about the big game before the door
opened, and in walked Ryan. He stood
with his hat in one hand, shifting his feet
nervously, but grinning.

  “Hello, Ryan,” called Waters jovially.
“You got your shut-out, huh? Well, I’ll
stick to my agreement and give you a real
write-up tomorrow—no funny stuff! A
shut-out’s a shut-out, especially over the
Bears.”

  “Yep,” said Ryan, still grinning, “a shut-
out’s a shut-out. I reckon you might call
today’s game a double shut-out, Waters!”

  “How so?” asked the news-writer.

  “Well, you see I got married today—I
shut out the girl’s regular beau, and mar-
ried her.”

  “What!” laughed Waters. “You mar-
ried? Well, who in the world did you get
up enough spunk to marry?”

  “Her name,” said the grinning pitcher,
edging through the door, “used to be Den-
ton—but it’s Ryan now!”

186
Whether you be-
lieve it or not,
whether you see
an explanation
for it or not—
this odd tale of
mystery is fasci-
nating indeed

By

Dr. Henry Black Burns

THE May night was clammily hot, and
the darkness was relieved only by
the occasional glow of lightning,
flaring like distant gun-fire against the sky.

  I was halfway down the hill that over-
looks the Factory House, when in the sud-
den glow of the lightning I saw a big black
dog, almost at my feet. I took another
step, and the dog, turning across the road,
leaped the old rail fence and disappeared.
Then it came to me like the touch of a
dead hand, that I had seen the dog not
only in the brief flare of lightning, but also
in the unrelieved Stygian darkness that fol-
lowed!

  At this time I was a young schoolteacher,
engaged in the preparatory study of medi-
cine; so after the fashion of my kind, I
explained the occurrence on the ground of
optical illusion or waking dream, and did
not think it worthy of mention to any-
one.

  Summer vacation-time came and passed;
in September the re-opening of the village

  school found me again its teacher. Week-
  ends I always spent with my uncle at the
  old Factory House, a second home to me.

     One gray Saturday afternoon in Novem-
  ber I started, gun in hand, for a tramp
  among the raggedJiills at whose base Silver
  Creek threads its shining way. Evening
  caught me in unfamiliar surroundings.

     Suddenly I realized that I did not know
  the points of the compass, but trusting to
  luck I struck off through the timber and
  after a time came out on a highway, fol-
  lowing which I soon came to a great ram-
  bling old house. I turned in to the
  unfenced, bramble-filled yard which lay be-
  tween the highway and the house, which
  stood, weatherworn and forbidding, in the
  gathering gloom. The thought struck me
  that it was like a grinning evil face, the
  tangled yard its foul beard.

Even as I walked toward the sagging
pillared portico, I saw a shadowy something
leap from the shrubbery, stalk across the
porch in front of me and rear, gigantic,
187
The Phantom Dog

188

THE BLUE

against the front door of the house. My
blood seemed turning to ice and my heart
clogged—the shadow was clear in the dusk,
a great black mongrel dog. I realized, with
a sensation -of terror, that it was the dog I
had seen that night in May on the hill
above the old Factory House.

  Then abruptly the silence was broken by
the shattering roar of a shot, and the solid
doors against which the dog was upreared
were gashed and torn by buckshot. I
heard a volley of tongue-searing oaths, and
beside me, gun in hand, stood an old man,
gnarled and stocky, who shrieked at me
through his tangled gray beard: “Who are
you? What do you want here? Did you
see that damn’ dog?”

  I answered him as coolly as I could,
telling him my name and that I had seen
a dog come out from the brambles and
leap up against the front doors; that the
dog seemed to be there when the shot had
struck the door. “Come, let us look,” I
said, “there must surely be blood-stains.”
But he replied to my overtures only with
oaths, and bade me begone. I returned
hastily to the highway and soon found my
way to a little village whence I obtained
conveyance to my uncle’s home.

  The next morning was bright and clear.
As my uncle and I sat smoking on the
porch of the old Factory House, I told him
my odd adventure of the evening before,
and for the first time spoke of what I had
seen on the hill above the Factory House
the previous spring.

  My uncle smoked in silence until I said:
“Uncle, is that old man crazy—and am I
touched with the same madness?”

  He replied: “No, I too have seen that
dog; so have a few others. We’ve been
seeing it for more than thirty years up on
McNaughten’s Hill where you saw it last
spring, and we’ve also seen it around old
Jim Crone’s place there on the Eldorado
Road.”

  “But,” said I, “how could you keep see-
ing the same dog through thirty years of
time? No dog lives that long!”

  “I didn’t say the dog was living, did I?”
replied my uncle.

  Then I fairly dragged this story from
him,, a story I tell in my own words:

I70RTY-ODD years ago, Jim Crone and
Jed Parker grew up on neighboring
farms, as unlike as two young men could
well be. Crone was squat, broad and pow-
erful with long ape-like arms and bearded

simian face, taciturn and sullen in manner.
Jed Parker had the muscled beauty of a
Greek athlete; fair of hair and with laugh-
ter forever on his lips, he was a favorite
wherever neighbors gathered.

  These two men were rivals from boy-
hood, and at last their rivalry came to a
physical test. It happened in this wise:
One day Jim Crone and some companions
of his own kidney were loafing in front
of one of the riverfront saloons at the Land-
ing. Crone was amusing himself and his
companions by torturing a quarter-grown
black mongrel dog. The pup was snarling
and whining with rage and fear, and strug-
gling vainly to escape from the brawny
grasp of its tormentor. Jed Parker, walk-
ing along the street, paused a moment and
then with the swoop of a hawk had the
whining pup in his hands. There was a
heated exchange of words followed by a
fight that has become a saga of the old
Allegheny River wharves. In the end Jim
Crone lay bleeding and helpless in the dust,
mouthing threats while his conqueror
walked unsteadily away, carrying the whim-
pering black puppy in his arms.

THEN within a year came the great Bear
Creek oil strike of the early ’70’s and a
Midas touch turned the bleak Allegheny
hills and valleys into gold. In the rush
came new faces; among them a Field Su-
perintendent, Fred Holman, with his daugh-
ter Annie.

  Again Crone and Jed Parker were rivals.
There was competition between these two
as to who should win the favor of the
Superintendent’s daughter. It soon became
evident that the sunny face and kindly
ways of Jed were winning him the love of
pretty Annie Holman. Often they were
seen together in the hills when the arbutus
was in bloom, a great black mongrel dog
forever at their heels. The dog had but
two friends, the man who more than a year
before had rescued him from torture, and
the woman that man loved1! Of all others
he was coldly disdainful except when Crone
crossed his path—then the dog became a
snarling fiend.

  Then a great gusher was drilled in on
Jim Crone’s farm. He became a million-
aire almost overnight.

  As the days passed an inexplicable cold-
ness seemed to develop between Annie and
Jed Parker.

  Soon Jed and his black dog dropped out
of sight. He had spoken to friends of a
BOOK MAGAZINE

By Dr. Henry Black Burns

189

proposed journey down into the new oil-
field on Thom Creek, but little heed was
paid to the going or coming of one man in
those hectic days.

  Less than a year after riches came his
way, Jim Crone married Annie Holman and
built a great house on his farm, but soon
bad luck seemed to pursue -him. The wells
he had drilled fell off in their production,
and his speculations went wrong. From
the day of their wedding his wife began
to fade and fail, and before two years were
gone, they buried her in the old Shiloh
churchyard. The huge farm, its oil pro-
duction gone, became a wilderness. Crone,
now a veritable recluse, occupied only a
couple of rooms in the great house, which
slowly dropped into a ghostly ruin.

OUCH was the story my uncle told me as
we sat on the porch of the old Factory
House.

  “And did Parker never reappear, uncle?”
I asked.

  “No,” he replied; “it is said he went
down into the Kentucky oil-fields, but
I don’t know. There’s a mystery about it
that will come to light some day;”

  “But what about the dog?” I own
that with my question came a chill in my
blood.

  “The dog,” replied my uncle, “has been
seen up on the hill by the old McNaughten
Mine, and also around Jim Crone’s place
for thirty years—and it’s a good thing not
to talk about.” The old man lapsed into
moody silence.....

  Several years passed. I returned to the
scene of my pedagogical efforts, to hang out
my shingle as a practitioner of medicine.
The village had now grown to a flourishing
town. My patients, however, were few,
so I made haste to reply when toward the
middle of a May night some one hailed
from the street in front of my office. “Doc,
old Jim Crone up on the Eldorado Road
is mighty sick and you’re wanted.”

  Emergency case in hand, I entered the
car with the man, but I could gain no
information from him other than that the
neighbors had heard the uneasy lowing of
the milch cows stabled in the barn. On in-
vestigating they had found old Jim Crone
lying on the floor in the hallway of his
home, a discharged shotgun beside him.
The double doors of the house were riddled
and torn with shot.

  They had put him to bed and sent for
me, but I found him beyond the reach of

a physician’s skill; death was a matter of
hours.

  The neighbors one by one took their
leave and I was left alone with the old
man who lay propped up in bed in a room
that opened on the front hall of the house.

  Under the stimulation of drugs my patient
slowly fumbled his way back to conscious-
ness. For some time he lay with his burn-
ing eyes fixed upon the open doorway of
the room. Finally he asked: “Who are
you, and what are you doing here?”

  I answered, adding: “You are very sick,
Mr. Crone. If there is anyone you would
like to see, you had better tell me; there
is a neighbor within call.”

  He muttered: “Don’t want anybody.
Just keep that front door locked, will you?”
I assured him it was closed and was occu-
pied at a table, preparing some medicine,
when the old man suddenly shrieked:
“Oh, Doc! There he is, there he is!
Don’t let that damn’ dog get me—don’t
let him get me!”

  Hastily I turned to the bed. The old
man was sitting bolt upright, his arms held
up shielding his throat, a frozen horror on
his ghastly face, his eyes fixed on the open
door. Whirling about, I looked toward
the doorway.

  I saw standing there a great black mon-
grel dog, its neck ruff lifted and its blazing
eyes fixed upon the figure now crouched
on the tumbled bed. I seized a heavy chair
and started toward the sinister shadow of
the dog, but the old man moaned pitifully:
“Doctor, stay here—don’t let him get me!
You can’t kill him! I tried it—I cut his
throat and left him in McNaughten’s Mine
when I— God Almighty, Doc, he’s cornin’
for me!” With a horrible choking gurgle,
he collapsed upon the bed.

  I hurried to his side—but he had gone
to his final accounting. When I turned
again to the doorway it was empty and
the soft spring dawn was stealing in at the

window.....

  I stopped at the old Factory House on
my way home to call upon my uncle, now
a very old man, the last of his generation
left in the Silver Creek Valley. When I
told him the story of the night before, he
instantly said: “Get officers and open the
old mine on McNaughten’s Hill!”

  When we had cleared away the entrance,
a hundred yards back in one of the old
workings we found the skeleton of a man,
the skull crushed—and close by, the bones
of a dog.
There’s real Hu-
mor in this touch-
ing tale of a
down-and-outer
who in vain
sought to achieve
the shelter—and
food—of a jail.

 Like a Man!

Private Anonymous

CT December I came to Wichita, Kan-
sas, with one definite purpose: I was
looking for work. It was imperative
that I find a job, for I was flat broke.

  Wichita buzzed with an apparent rush
of prosperity. There should be plenty
of work about, so I went a-looking. Two
days later, I was still looking for some place
where I might use brain or brawn—mostly
brawn—to earn my daily bread. By this
time I had grown desperate. A feeling of
close contact linked my stomach to four of
my vertebrae. A half-starved look had
cast its shadow on my face. I began to feel
that I could devour anything. Even an
old cart-horse, hitched to a delivery wagon,
looked appetizing to my eye. I had suf-
fered hunger during the War, but nothing
compared to this.

  I looked about me. There must be some
way out—but how? I had nothing of
value to pawn. There was no work to be
found. And my pride would not permit me
to solicit back doors for a hand-out. I

tried to find work in some hotel or restau-
rant for my eats, but after being turned
away from three or four places, discarded
that plan.

•THE evening of my third foodless day I
went down near the Union Station.
My plans were made. Jail—that was the
idea! I chuckled. All I had to do was go
out and pick a fight, be arrested, then
locked up—and fed! That was the bright
idea. It should be easy to do.

  I was passing a hamburger stand on the
corner, when gruff voices came from beyond
the door. I stopped, looked in, then en-
tered. Here was my first chance!

  Three rough-looking customers, clad in
greasy overalls, were seated on the stools
beside the counter. One glanced sourly
at me as I sat down on a stool at his side.

  “What’ll yuh have?” asked the cook.

  “Just a second, buddy,” I said. “I want
to see what the cat’s drug in your den”
—looking at the man beside me.
Fight Like a Man!

191

By Private Anonymous

  The others whirled around facing me.
One laughed.

  “Funny?” I asked, looking him in the
eye.

  He swallowed a oversized chunk of meat.

  “Uh-huh!”

  Desperately I got off my stool and faced
them. The cook gazed at me in astonish-
ment.

  “I have a treat for you fellows,” I
bragged. “Then I am going to throw you
out.”

  They stared at me for a second, then
turned and glanced at one another.

  “This gent,” I said, pointing to the one
nearest me, “is due for two black eyes—
perhaps more.” I looked at each one. “I
have the goods, you know.”

  They glanced at one another again—I
could see they were puzzled.

  I stepped nearer the fellow. Every mo-
ment I expected to be branded the des-
tination for a chunk of meat and' bone that
looked more like a ham than a fist.

  “Get up!” I urged. “I can’t hit a fel-
low when he’s down.”

  He made no move.

  “Come on, fight like a man!” I sneered.

  For a second he seemed undecided.
Then he smiled cheerfully.

  “No, old top, I aint gonna battle you—
I got no reason to!”

  “That’s right,” spoke up the other two.
“You can’t pick a fight with us. Let’s go,
Tom!”

  They left. I heard some of their remarks
as they went out the door: “Drunk! No
—dope! Full of it.”

  I stalked out of the place, baffled, but
more determined than ever.

  Farther uptown, at a “chilli parlor”
beside the City Hall, I decided to. try
my luck again. I went inside. Several
people were there: firemen, policemen,
some in uniform.

  I sat down beside a man a few years
older than I. Later I learned that he was
a detective. I ordered a bowl of chili.
When it was served, I slid it over near his
elbow. My scheme was ready for action.

  “Hey, gimme that salt!” I growled.

  He turned to me, his elbow pushing the
bowl off the counter. It colored a circle on
the dry sawdust that was scattered over
the floor.

  “You clumsy boob!” I shouted, climbing
off my stool. “For two cents I’d soak you
one in the kisser!”

  “Pardon me, sir. I admit it was my
fault. But please don’t be so rude. There
are ladies present, you see”—pointing to
the farther end of the room.

  “I’m speaking to you, not to the ladies,
you big gazook!” I growled, stepping
nearer him. “Come on, fight like a man!,v

  He looked straight into my eyes. “No,
friend, I sha’n’t do that. Your anger will
soon leave; then you will be sorry.” He
turned and spoke to a man behind the
counter. “Harry, give this gentleman an-
other dish.”

  He then looked at me again. “I’m sorry,
sir. I hope you enjoy the chili—Harry
makes the best in town.” Leaving a bill
on the counter, covering the cost of my
chili, he went outside.

  A few minutes later I wandered across
the street and into the post office. A sign
attracted my attention:

              Join the Army
              It Makes Men

  The bowl of chili had made a home run
with my stomach, and my nerves rallied
somewhat. For the time being, I forgot
that I was broke. But the notice in the
post office appealed to me. My mind
geared up, and memories of good old Army
days returned. Here we were gathered
again, a bunch of jolly good fellows, wild,
reckless, full of life—and well fed!

  I was now walking down Douglas Ave-
nue. I passed a theater and the ticket girl
smiled at me. I returned the smile and
glanced at the billboards.

   Kansas Boys Under Fire—35th. Division

I WENT on. The Army was no place for

  me! But with this thought there came
again the realization that I was broke. I
turned a corner. A man was coming
toward me—here was a chance again!

  I bumped into him and he sat down sud-
denly on the sidewalk. Then reaching over,
I grabbed his coat-collar and lifted him
to his feet.

  “Say, are you blind?” I stormed. “For
two cents I’d shift you a haymaker!”

  He gazed at me surprisedly.

  “Come on, fight like a man!” I sneered.

A crowd began to gather. A policeman
came pushing his way through the crowd.

  “What’s wrong?” he demanded.

  “We had a fight,” I informed him.

  “Any complaints?”

  I started to concoct a story, when my
Fight Like a Man!

opponent cut in: “No, Officer. Everything
is all right.”

  “Then clear out!” ordered the cop.

  “What if I refuse?” I asked truculently.

  “To the jug with you, then,” he growled.

  Here at last was my chance! “Order the
bus, old top,” I smiled.

  He fixed his gaze on me for a second or
two, grunted, and walked away.

  I cursed my luck. What kind of a town
was this, anyway? Couldn’t a fellow get in
jail without a permit?

  Next morning I re-enlisted in the Army.

  The sergeant gave me a ticket good for
a meal at the cafe across the street. I
rushed down the stairs, out of the post
office, and straight for said cafe. But just
outside, I came face to face with the fel-
low I had bumped to the sidewalk the
night before. I stepped aside. He did
likewise, but facing me. There was a mean
look in his eyes.

  “I’m in a hurry,” I said, made irritable
by the gnawing pains in my stomach.

  “So was I, last night,” he returned.
“Now we’ll settle it—and go to jail!”

  I made no move. In fact my brain re-
fused to function.

  “Come on, fight like a man!” he hissed,
mocking my challenge of the previous night.

  “I ca—”

  He began operations. His fist hit me
on the mouth, in the eyes, on the jaw, in
the stomach, on the nose; in fact, every-
where. My skill was nil. The battle re-
sembled the tactics of a mouse battling
a tomcat.

  By this time the police arrived and a
call was sent in for the wagon. We were
under arrest. Several people had gathered
about. Just then the recruiting sergeant
pushed his way through the crowd. He
had witnessed the fight from an office win-
dow above.

  “Officer, this man is a soldier. I will
be responsible for him.”

  The policeman thought for a second or
two. Then he looked at the sergeant, a
slight smile on his face.

  “All right. Take him away.”

  The sergeant obeyed. Back in the office,
I told him my troubles and he sent out
for a meal. Soon I began to feel decidedly
better. I laughed until large tears rolled
down my cheeks, and even the sergeant
joined in as I related the story of how 1
couldn’t get what I wanted, until after I
didn’t want it!

 My

Buddies

By

James DuCfield

  IT was a hot August day. In Canada the
  flowers, the rivers, the lakes and the
  trees are kept so frozen all through the
  long winter that they seem to say: “I am
  only allowed to be on display for a short
  time—so I must be at my best;” and on
  this fourth day of August, 1914, the sum-
  mer was at its best.

     I was in a small town of about twenty-
  five thousand population. The town lay on
  the side of a long rolling hill, with a lazy
  river winding its slow way around the foot
  of the hill. To the south of this rolling
  land was a small lake, shining in the hot
  August sun, while in the distance the old
  Presbyterian church stood in peaceful si-
  lence against a background of dense woods.

     Usually everything was quiet and serene,
   but on this great fourth day of August,
   music could be heard from all over the
   town. In the streets were a mass of people,
   and flags and bunting floated everywhere.
   The street carnival was in full swing. The
   air was filled with the laughter of children;
   boys were parading the streets and young
   men and girls were dancing. This was a
   gathering of all types of people: farmers,
   bushmen, miners, Indians, old and young,
   and hundreds of schoolchildren, of which
   I was one. Fun-making had been going on
   for three days. This joy was to last a
   week—it was known as the “Old Boys’ Re-
   union.” All the boys and girls who had
   been born and reared in this quiet town
   were coming home from all countries,
   north, south, east and west.

    The merriment was this day at its
height. Smiling old men were wearing
192
A great adven-
ture of the Great
War set down
with simple sin-
cerity and fine
feeling. You will
remember this.

paper hats and girls were throwing flowers,
when suddenly a dead silence fell over the
throng of happy people. What was wrong,
people asked one another. Before an an-
swer could be given, a band began playing
“God Save the King.” What was wrong?

  Then through the hush the dread word
passed from one to another: “England has
declared war on Germany.” People quickly
gathered in small crowds and excited voices
could be heard everywhere.

  Posters were soon placed in windows and
feeling ran high. I had a sensation that
I had never had before. I could not ex-
plain just what it was, for I was an Ameri-
can and my country was not at war. It
was not patriotism, I discovered at last—
it was adventure!

T WANTED adventure and adventure

  was always in my mind. Here was my
chance. I would try to go! That night I
lay in my bed trying to sleep, but with
excitement keeping me awake for hours.

At last I fell asleep. Just how long I had
been sleeping, I do not know, when I
awoke with a start, cold and frightened. I
had been dreaming I was a soldier on the
battlefields, fighting under the Union Jack.

I could not sleep any more.

  In the morning I called for my two
chums and we went to the City Hall.
Flags were flying—not the flags of yester-

193

day, but war flags. Recruiting posts had
opened and men were in line for half a
mile, waiting their turn to enlist—men of
all types, willing to serve their King, their
country and their flag.

  All day I hung around the recruiting
post, watching men come out, smiling and
shaking hands with one another and saying
that they were willing to go anywhere for
their dear old flag.

  That night I asked myself again, “Shall
I join the British Army?” The question
was whether they would accept me, for I
was just fourteen years of age. But I
would try—I would lie about my age in
order to go!

  The next day my turn came. After
waiting for hours in the burning sun, I
stood at last in front of a large desk. It
seemed that all eyes were on me. I stood
up straight, trying to look as big as possi-
ble. I was afraid to speak and before I
could find my voice, a tall gray-haired old
Captain was at my side. He placed his
hand on my shoulder, looking me square
in the eye as he said: “Lad, you are a
brick. It does my old heart good to see
you here; we can not take you, but may
God bless you for this.”

  My pulse throbbed, I felt hot all over
and a tear rolled down my cheek as I
turned to go. When I got to the bottom
of the steps I sat down and cried. I could
My Buddies

not help it; but suddenly I realized what I
was doing,—crying and trying to become a
soldier,—that would never do!

  I turned to see if anybody had seen me,
then sneaked away to my room. Sitting
on the edge of my bed with my head
buried in my hands, I thought it over. I
could not get it out of my mind. I must
go—but they would not take me, here.
Very well, I would go some other place,
where I was not known!

  I packed a small bundle and left that
night, going about fifty miles to a city of
sixty thousand people. Here, the next
morning, I presented myself at a large
recruiting station. At last my turn came.
I sat down to fill out my applica-
tion blank and when I came to the ques-
tion, “How old are you?” I quickly put
down “eighteen years.”

  From there I went to the medical offices
for an examination and was rejected be-
cause I was half an inch too short and an
inch under standard chest measurement.

  I don’t know just what I started to say,
I was so disappointed, but with an effort
I pulled myself together and urged: “Please
let me go; surely there is something I can
do!” The officer looked at me for a full
minute, then smiling, he said, “I will, on
one condition—that is, that you promise
me you will try to develop your chest.”

  I was so overcome with joy that I ran
to him, took his hand, and squeezed it with
all my might. Placing both hands on my
shoulders he added: “I am letting you go
—but I don’t think I should. Does your
mother know that you have joined? Well,
you wont get any farther than camp, for
you will not be able to pass the examination
there, but good luck to you and may God
be with you!”

  “Outside, all those men who have
passed!” was the first order I heard. Out-
side I went. Here were about two hundred
men of all types, most of them having
been in the service at some time. A tall
sergeant with a big mustache was looking
us over as we came out. Everybody
seemed to be looking at me. I felt that I
was a marked man—some one was going
to recognize me, and I would be sent back.

  “Fall in!” What did that mean? What
a harsh voice that sergeant had! I saw
the other men lining up two deep, so I
did the same, making sure to get in the
rear rank so that I should not be seen,
when the harsh voice said: “Get up in the
front rank there, kid, and be quick about

THE BLUE

it! Don’t take all day!” My heart sank
within me, but I could not stop now. I
would go through with it at all costs.

  “Quick march!” Before I could realize
what I was doing, we had entrained and
were on our way to the training-camp.
This pleased me for I loved to travel, but
I was amongst strangers. I did not know
one of these men, but I realized I was one
of them and they were to be my buddies.
It is of the§e men that I write this story.
They were men of all trades and occupa-
tions—bankers, lawyers, clerks, tailors,
blacksmiths, farmers, bushmen and labor-
ers, but regardless of their ways they were
my buddies. There is not sufficient paper
in the world to write the individual char-
acters and the heroic deeds that these men
performed during the next two years.

£ AMP at last! It was a war-time camp,
one of those built in two or three days.
It consisted of rows of long wooden huts
and it was in one of these huts that I met
my first buddy, dear old Jack. It was the
second day after our arrival in camp. All
the boys were out and I had been looking
around the camp. Returning to my hut
with the intention of shining my buttons
and shoes and going to my cot, I sat down.
At first I thought there was nobody in
there but me, but upon looking over to the
right-hand corner, I saw one of the men
sitting on the edge of his cot sewing. He
was mending a shirt. Feeling lonely, I
went over and sat down beside him. He
did not speak. I watched him for a while,
trying to think of something to say. He
was a big, broad-shouldered man, about
five feet eleven inches in height, with fair
hair, blue eyes, and a heavy jaw, which
showed determination to do anything he
set out to do, no matter what the cost
might be.

  At last he looked at me. His face was
so kind that I said, “Can I mend that
shirt for you?”

  “Yes, you can,” he replied.

  I took the needle and thread and mended
the shirt so well that he was surprised
and asked me if I was a tailor. He spoke
with a broad Scotch accent that was like
music to me.

  He talked to me for a while about my-
self and then he said, “Where do you
sleep?”

  I pointed to my cot on the far side of
the house.

  “Come and sleep next to me,” he said.

194
BOOK MAGAZINE

195

By James Duffield

So we carried my cot over beside his,
and both went to bed.

  Soon the men began to come in, some
singing, some swearing and some drunk.

  One of the men who was drunk came
over to my cot and said, “Kid, turn out
from those covers, and get me some water! ”
I was scared and did not move. Taking
hold of the legs of my cot, he turned it
over, throwing me out on the floor. Then
he kicked me in the ribs.

  In a second Jack was out of bed. He
grabbed the drunkard by the throat and
threw him heavily to the floor. By the
time I got to my feet they were fighting.

  Never had I seen a fight like this! Jack
was getting the best of him when all at
once the drunken fellow picked up a heavy
leather belt, and swinging it heavily over
his head, he brought it down on the side
of Jack’s face, making a deep cut from
which the blood flowed freely. Before he
could use it again, Jack with a blow to his
chin knocked him down and some of the
men carried him away.

  I looked at Jack. His face was covered
with blood. What could I say? I had
only known him about three hours and he
had done this for me! At last I went to
him and taking his hand said, “Jack, why
did you do this for me? You might have
been killed!” But he smiled and said,
“That’s all right, son; you’re my buddy.”

  It was then I realized what having a
buddy could mean, and as I lay that night
in my cot I thanked God for sending me
a buddy like that. I made up my mind
that I would stick by him through thick
and thin.

  Jack and I slept together, ate together
and drilled together. In fact we were to-
gether at all times. Two months passed in
hard training and by this time I was known
in our battalion as “the Kid.” Eleven
hundred men called me “the Kid.” They
were all my buddies and loved me as I
loved them. Ofttimes on a twenty-mile
route march, when I grew tired they would
carry my pack and one would carry my
rifle.

p\NE day I was called to the orderly
room by my Captain. As I entered
he smiled kindly at me, as he always did.

  He was a man about forty-five years of
age, his hair streaked with gray.

  With that kind smile he said, “My boy,
I have been thinking that this is too much
for you. Don’t you think you had better

go home? I hate to see you go, for I love
you just as though you were my own son,
but I thought I would ask you now, far
we are sailing in five days. What do you
think about it?”

  I thought a while, then replied: “It’s too
late now, Captain. I don’t want to go
back. Please let me go with you!”

  On the fifth day we were on board ship
and I was longing for it to start for fear
they would take me off at the last minute.

  The time came to start. The whistle
blew, the engines throbbed and I felt the
first move of the ship. Then our band
played “God Be with You Till We Meet
Again.” It was not until then that I re-
alized I was going away from home—away
from my mother and loved ones.

  I went up on deck and stood there a
while, taking my long last look in the
direction of my home. I did not feel like
the same boy, not even when I recalled
the wharf scene. That was one sight I
can never forget—mothers, fathers, wives,
children, brothers and sisters, sweethearts
and friends crying “good-by” to their loved
ones. Women fainted. Old men cried. I
witnessed this, but not a soul was there to
bid me good-by!

  I sighed deeply and as I took a last look
toward Canada, I muttered a prayer. I
turned to go back to my cabin, not the
boy of a few hours ago but a man—at the
age of fourteen! I had been hardened in
training and learned the ways of men.

I CAN NOT take you with me in England
as it would take too long, but with the
help of my buddies I finished my training,
and during this time grew an inch and
a half. However, I was still “the Kid” of
the battalion.

  While I was sitting in my hut one night
an orderly came in and said, “The Captain
wants to see you.” My heart dropped,
for I knew that I had been found at last
and I feared I would be sent home.

  Slowly I walked over to the orderly
room. There he sat smiling at me.
“Well,” he said, “I guess you will have to
leave us, son. We have a cable from Ot-
tawa, Canada, that your mother wants you
home. I guess you had better go.”

  I saluted him. “Captain,” said I, “I am
a soldier in your company. I am no longer
your boy and I can not stop now. I must
go on!”

  Two days later we left England for
France.
My Buddies

  We were sent at once to stop the German
advance. Six days and six nights we
fought, our Captain being promoted to
Major.

  Oh, if I could only tell you all about
that wonderful buddy! Like a father, he
shared with me his blankets and his food.

  He led ,us in battle and there was no
place we would not follow. Day and night
we were always ready to follow him.

  Jack was always with me and the night
before the main battle he saved my life.
All that I have, all that I will ever have I
owe to these two buddies of mine.

  Then came the battle. We had been un-
der shell-fire for three days and nights and
in that time we had only two meals, which
consisted of canned beef and hard biscuit.
Nerve-racked, hungry, thirsty and tired—
all this we were, but that line was ours to
hold, and hold it we would at all costs.
If we died, we died for Canada.

  It was early morning when we went
“over the top,” every man gritting his teeth
and ready to do his part, for we were fight-
ing fifteen to one, against the pick of the
German Army.

  All day we held them back. By four
p. m. our ranks had grown thin, but we
still held on. While our rifles cracked and
our guns roared, there came a veil of
smoke. Was it smoke? No, it was gas!

  Men went mad; men died, but still we
went on. Jack was by my side when I
heard the "ping” of a bullet and he fell at
my feet. I was down beside him in a min-
ute but the gas came on in green-gray
clouds and we choked. After I had passed
through this hell, I looked at Jack. He
lay there very still.

  “Jack, my buddy, what is wrong?”

  He did not reply and when the gas had
cleared a little I saw that he was shot
through the face and was dying, from the
wound and the gas.

By James Duffield

196

  I looked around. There lay hundreds of
my buddies, dead and dying—some mad,
some crawling away, they knew not where.

  A small band of men came out that
night. We had been relieved and out of
those eleven hundred buddies of mine we
totaled two hundred and seventy-three.

A FTER we rested and had been reen-
forced both physically and in numbers
our Major received word to move to an-
other part of the front. It was at this
particular place where I saw my Major as
I want you to see him, always helping
and cheering his men, always in front.

  We had just taken an old farm and it
was evening. Moving on to the German
front we found that it was filled with
wounded German soldiers. Our Major put
a bandage on a German soldier and as he
finished and turned to go on to another,
this man pulled a pistol from inside his
coat and shot the Major in the back. As
he fell to the ground I ran to his side.
For a minute I could not see.

  Could it be true that this grand soldier,
gentleman, father and hero among his men
should be thus treacherously shot?

  I knelt down beside him and asked what
I could do for him.

  He said, “Son, go on—your spirit is
needed.” Then he closed his eyes and was
dead; that same dear smile was still on his
kind face. As the stars peeped out over-
head I knelt by his dead body and prayed,
asking God to make me like him. He was
gone—that dear father-buddy of mine!

  We went on that night, driving the Ger-
mans before us. Strangely, my heart was
not heavy with sorrow, for they were still
with me, one on each side—cheering me
on, showing me the way and keeping me
from danger. And even to this day, they
are still my buddies, for in spirit they are
ever with me.

$500 in Cash Prizes

AFTER reading these five stories of Real Experience, you may feel that you too
l can write, in two thousand words or less, a true story of Adventure, Mystery,
Humor, Sport or Business that will be deserving of a prize. If you wish to try
this, write the story in your own way and send it to the Real Experience Editor
of The Blue Book Magazine, 36 South State Street, Chicago, with stamps for its
return if the Editor doesn’t retain it for publication. If he does keep it, the Maga-
zine’s check for one hundred dollars will be sent you. Be sure to write your name
and correct address in the upper left-hand corner of the first page of your story,
and keep a copy as insurance against loss of the original; for while we handle
manuscripts with great care, we cannot accept responsibility for their return.
THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE THE GREAT SHOW WINDOW OF AMERICA

Foundry Man—then Office Man—at $12 a Week
His Salary in 1924-$9,000!

COULSON B. HYDE
General Auditor
Eureka Vacuum Cleaner Co.

Detroit, Mich.

Plant of Eureka Vacuum Cleaner Co., Detroit, Mich.

  And—as Qeneral Auditor of the Eureka
  Vacuum Cleaner Co.—he is still climbing!

tl ' I	^"''■OULSON B. HYDE, molderin a	the Eureka Vacuum Cleaner Company.

I	local foundry, was discontented. “Naturally I am a great booster for

r	He checked the words “Higher	LaSalle and take pleasure in recom-

RepeatedPromotions—	Accountancy” on a LaSalle coupon,	mending it to anyone who is interested

NowlGeneml Auditor and	signed his name, and mailed it in.	in doubling or trebling his salary. It

“••SinceC BH de"d	It brought him a free book, but a	can be done.”

with our6com pany inWJas	book worth many times its weight in , Fr£e c “Accountancy.

a bookkeeper, he has had	gold—for m it he found the opportunity , _ . . . r> »

several promotions, until	that started him toward bigger things. the 1 rofession that I ays

o° Manager ofSour6Auditing	Today he is General Auditor of the	The book that showed Coulson B.
Department.	Eureka Vacuum Cleaner Company;	Hyde what he must do to go from $12
“In reward for his faith-	an(j jn hjs letter of May 12, 1925, he	a week to 19,000 a year is yours forthe
stockho^erln our company	writes: “My compensation for the	asking. The title of that book is "Ae-
on January 1st of this year.	past year was 19,000, and I fully ex-	countancy, the Profession that Pays.”

His work is most satisfac-	pect to double that the coming year.”	If this 64-page book can place vou

tory, and I only learned to-	r _ , . . . .	,. f 6 .. .	t r

day that he acquired the	Tremendously inspiring, Mr. Hyde’s	on the direct path to greater earning

basic principles of his au-	careerl “I quit the job at the foun-	power—as it has done for literally thou-

fook^wifhyour*1UnTvcrsity6	dry, ” he writes, “for a position in the	sands of LaSalle-trained men—you’ll

If every student becomes	office of a local baking company—at	agree that it would be cheap at $100—

as proficient as be in his	$12 a week—where I applied the prin-	even $1,000 a copy . . . Yet LaSalle

^possible yfor many men	ciples of the accounting I was studying,	will send it to you free.

to h°Jd much better posi-	“Three years later I resigned the	Balance the two minutes that it takes

ti0nKKkii'wai!TIFT T	position as cashier to go into public	to fill out the coupon against the rewards

President	accounting with a local accounting con-	of a successful career—then clip and

EurekaVacuum CleanerCo.	Cern. This le<J to my connection with	mail the coupon NOW.

 LaSalle Extension University

THE.WORLD'S LARGEST BUSINESS TRAINING INSTITUTION

------------FIND YOURSELF THRU LASALLE.'----------

LA SALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY Dept. 11369'HR	CHICAGO Opportunities in Accountancy—Check be-

Other LaSalle Opportunities: LaSalle opens the way to sue-	PTn. tether wUh"! copy°of

cess in every important field of business.	“Accountancy, the Profession that Pays,” also

If more interested in one of the fields indicated below, check here: Mm	copy of “Ten Years’ Promotion in One,” all

□	Business Management: □ Modern Foremanship and M.1'	“	w*th°ut obligation.

Training for Official, Mana- Production Methods.	JM,	Apmnntin^T*

gerial, Sales and Depart- n Personnel and Employ-	WBSm , Aligner /VCCOUtltatlCy.

mental Executive positions. UJ ment Manasement.	mmUMmW	*<>. Position as Auditor, Comptroller,

□	Modern Salesmanship. DRalt	£ '	«/ CertifiedPublieAceountant.CostAceoun&nt.ete:

□	Traffic Management-	Management.	Jg

Foreign and Domestic.	□ Commercial Law. j|jp§||	f11 7	§ Name ........--------------................

□	Industrial Management.	□ Expert Bookkeeping, jj	Js' / I

□	Law: Training for Bar;	□ Business English.	/ fiVV* Address-----------------------------------

LL.B. degree.	□ Commercial Spanish.	I

□	Modern Business Corre-	□ Effective Speaking.	/ 1 mail Present Position------------------------

spondence and Practice.	n c. P. A. Coaching for Ad-	*	coupon

□	Banking and Finance. vanced Accountants. nOW Age___________________________________,

In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE.
THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE THE GREAT SHOW WINDOW OF AMERICA

#No.W
f 841 \

JPlatinum
$160
p3Z5 •

DIAMONDS

 GENUINE DIAMONDS GUARANTEED

-AT IMPORTERS’ PRICES-'

  Ideal Christmas

        CASH OR CREDIT

    These Diamonds are finest quality, blue
    white cems, radiantly beautiful, set in
    Solid 18 karat White Gold mountings, ar-
    tistically pierced and engraved. Satisfac-
    tion guaranteed or money back. Goods
    sent (or your free examination on re-
    quest—order now!

CREDIT TERMS: Pay one-tenth down; balanc
weekly, semi-monthly, or monthly at your co
venience. All goods delivered on first payment.

                                 Christmas
                                 Catalog Free!
                                 Big 132 page book,
                                 illustrating our Dia-
                                 monds, Watches,
                                 Jewelry, Silver-
                                 ware, and gift
                                 articles for all oc-
                                 casions, sent ab-
                                 sol utely free.
                                 Write today.

Special Christmas
Value

Jocelyn Diamond Dinner .
Ring. Beautiful solid
18-k white gold ring with
3 perfectly matched blue
white Dia- *175 a
monds,$75., 1_ week

     \ 4jgy 17-Jewel Elgin No. 15
 «wrr V 1mm Green gold, Elgin watch, X\V
 VcHOdSr 25-year quality case; 12

            eize.giltdial, $900 a ^
            $30:$3. down**)—. month |

 No. 855 Ladies* Wrist Watch

Diamond Wedding Rings

 ’in solid 18-k white gold; 3 Diamonds,
 $22.50; 5 Diamonds, $32.50; 7 Diamonds,
 $42.50; 9 Diamonds, $52.50; 12 Dia-

 Solid 18-k white gold case, engraved,	monds, $67.50. In solid platinum with

 fancy wing ends, 15-Jewel move-	3 Diamonds, $50; 5 Diamonds, $70; 7

 ment,guaranteed,$30. $900 a	Diamonds,$80; 9 Diamonds, $100; sur-

 83.00 down.....O—month	rounded by Diamonds, $200.

Oar References: Any Bank or Banker in U. S• A•

“Fortune, Inc.”

The blithe adventure of
an irrepressible young man

By GEORGE WORTS

    The author of “Peter the Brazen”
    and many another delightful story
    is at his best in this all-too-short
    novel. Be sure to read it, along
    with the many other contribu-
    tions by favorite writers in the
    next, the December, issue of —

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

The Consolidated Magazines Corporation, Publisher,
36 South State Street, Chicago

 If It’s a Buescher Saxophone

  We give 3 free lessons with each new instrument.
  They start you. Teach yourself. It’s great fun
  practicing because you learn so quickly. Even
  though you have failed with some other instru-
  ment, you can leam the Buescher Saxophone.
  And it will make you the most popular person
  in your set. 6 days’ free trial in your own home,
  any instrument. No obligations. Easy terms if
  you decide to buy. Send now for beautiful free
  literature. A postal brings liberal proposition.
  Address:

    Buescher Band Instrument Co.'5x)
 1605 Buescher Block	Elkhart, Indiana

I

 The Old
 Reliable
 Credit
 Jewelers

  Oeol.
  F219
  108 N.
  State St.
  Chicago,
  III.

BROS, fc CO

NOJOKETOBEDEAF

Deaf Person Knows That

deaf for 25 years,

Artificial Ear DrumCo. (Inc.)

Woodward, Detroit, Mich.

In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE.
THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE THE GREAT SHOW WINDOW OF AMERICA

CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING DEPARTMENT

HELP WANTED

YOU ARE WANTED. Men—Women. 18 up. U. S. Government
Jobs. $95.00 to $250.00 month. Steady. Short hours. Vacation.
Experience unnecessary. Common education sufficient. We coach
you. 32 page book with full particulars FREE. Write immedi-
ately.

FRANKLIN INSTITUTE. DEPT. C31. ROCHESTER. N. Y.

ADDRESS ENVELOPES AT HOME
Earn money addressing-mailing. Spare time. Trial supplies
free. Write quick.

MGR.. C-371. BOX 5119. KANSAS CITY. MO.

Become a Landscape Architect. Uncrowded profession of won-
derful opportunity for money-making. Easily mastered by mail.
Earn while you learn. Write for book. American Landscape
School. 01-E, Newark. New York._

WE START YOU IN BUSINESS', furnishing everything. Men
and women, opportunity to earn $40.00 to $100.00 weekly operating
Ragsdale’s original “New System Specialty Candy Factories” any-
where; wholesale or retail. Valuable commercial candy book free.
W. HILLYER RAGSDALE. Drawer 127, East Orange, N. J._

Boston Maid Frecks for Women and Children—nationally known
—famously popular. From mill to wearers $3.50 to $20. Great
income producers for men and women agents. Write for selling
outfit. Bosworth Mills. B-4. Melrose. Mass._

AGENTS—Biggest money makers ever offered. Sell offices, homes
Bestufone, which makes both hands free while telephoning: Midget
Collapsible Garment Hangers which everybody wants: and Everin
Keypurse to hold change and keys. L. Kalina Co., 1308 Ave. N.
Brooklyn. N. Y.

__ — HQW T0 ENTERTA|N ~

Plays, musical comedies and revues, minstrel music, blackface
skits, vaudeville acts, monologs, dialogs, recitations, entertainments,
musical readings, stage handbooks, make-up goods. Big catalog
free. T. S. Denison & Co.. 023 So. Wabash. Dept. 104, Chicago

PATENT ATTORNEYS. ETC.

PATENTS—Trademarks—Write for our free Guide Books and
“Record of Invention Blank” before disclosing inventions. Send
model or sketch and description of your invention for our Inspection
and Instructions Free. Terms reasonable. Prompt attention. Highest
references. Victor J. Evans & Co.. 696 Ninth, Washington. D. C.

INVENTORS should write for our guide book. “How to Get Your
Patent” and Evidence of Invention Blank. Send model or sketch
and description of invention for Inspection and Instructions Free.
Best terms. Randolph & Co.. Dept. 177. Washington. D. C.

PHOTOPLAYS. STORIES. SONGS. POEMS. ETC.

ARE YOU INTERESTED IN WRITING short stories, poems,
songs, photoplays, FOR PROFIT? Then send for our new edition
of actual letters from prominent editors who want vour manu-
scripts. It's FREE if you send for it NOW. Address M. Mendel-
sohn Editor,

DEPT. 105, WRITER'S DIGEST

22 E. 12th St.,

_Cincinnati. Ohio__

Song Poem Writers—If you will send me your name and address
I will send you my proposition. A postal card will do. Write
today to

Ray Hibbeler. D13, 2104 N. Keystone Ave.. Chicago.

EARN $25 weekly, spare time, writing for newspapers, maga-
zines. Experience unnecessary. Details FREE.

                 l’RESS SYNDICATE.
___953. St. Louis. Mo.

Songwriters! Substantial Advance Royalty Payment essential to
publication contract. Expert advice furnished beginners upon re-
ceiving poems requiring musical settings and copyright protection
for free examination. Send today.

_Walter Newcomer. I(i74 Broadway, New York_

" "	MISCELLANEOUS

TOBACCO HABIT Cured or No Pay. Any form, cigars, ciga-
rettes. pipe, chewing or snuff. Guaranteed. Harmless. Used by
over 600,000 people. Full treatment sent on trial. Costs $1.50 if
it cures. Nothing if it fails. Superba Co.. Nl. Baltimore. Md.

A PERFECT LOOKING NOSE

Can Easily Be Yours

Trados Model No. 25 corrects now all ill-shap>
ed noses quickly, painlessly, permanently and com-
fortably at home. It is the only adjustable, safe
and guaranteed patent device that will actually give
you a perfect looking nose. Over 90,000 satisfied
users. For years recommended by physicians. 16
years of experience in manufacturing Nose Shapers
is at your service. Model 25 Junior for children.
Write for testimonials and free booklet, which tells
you how to obtain a perfect looking nose.

M. TRILETY, Pioneer Noseshaping Specialist
Dept. 2546	Binghamton, N. Y.

                    Fred Frankel, III., writes: “I earned
                    $110 first week selling Carlton Shirts direct
                    I to consumer.” You can too. No capital
                    ! or experience required. We pay 25 per
                    cent, cash commissions daily and big: extra
                    bonuses.

                       WRITE FOR FREE SAMPLES
                   CARLTON MILLS, Inc., Shirt Mfrs.
                   114 Fifth Ave., Dept. 109-A, New York

Follow
this Man

Secret Service Operator 38 is on the job

FOLLOW him through all the excitement of his chase
of the counterfeit gang. See how a crafty operator
works. Telltale fingerprints on the lamp stand in
the murdered girl's room! The detective’s cigarette case
is handled by the unsuspecting gangster, and a great
mystery is solved. Better than fiction. It's true, every
word of it. Noobligation. Just send the coupon and get—

FREE!

  The Confidential Reports
  No. 38 Made to His Chief

And the best part of it all is this. It may open your eyes
to the great future for YOU as a highly paid Finger Print
Expert. More men are needed right now. This school
has taken men just like you and trained them for high
official positions. This is the kind of work you would
like. Days full of excitement. Big salaries. Rewards.

Can you meet this test?

Can you read and write? Are you ambitious? Would you
give 30 minutes a day of your spare time preparing your-
self for this profession? Would you like a life of excite-
ment, thrilling adventures and high pay? Answer “yes"
and I’ll show you how to attain all this.

Send the coupon and I’ll send the Free Reports—also a
wonderful illustrated book telling of the future awaiting
you as a Finger Print Expert.

T. G. COOKE, Pres.

   UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCE
1920 Sunnyside Ave., Dept. 12-18	Chicago, 111.

University of Applied Science

1920 Sunnyside Ave., Dept. 12*18. Chicago, 111.

Gentlemenc — Without any obligation whatever, send me the
Reports of Operator No. 38, also your illustrated Free Book on
Finger Prints and your offer of a FREE course in Secret Serv-
ice Intelligence and the Free Professional Finger Print Outfit.

 Name.

 Addrett

 Age.

In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE.
THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE THE GREAT SHOW WINDOW OF AMERICA

Yes. only SI will bring your choice
of these Big Bargains for your ap-
proval and 15 DAY TRIAL.- Simply
pin SI bill to this'ad, indicate your
selection and mail it TODAY. If you
can duplicate your selection for less
money elsewhere, send it back and
your SI will be refunded. If satisfied,
pay balance in 10 equal monthly pay-
ments. NO RED TAPE-PROMPT
DELIVERY. DEALINGS CON-
FIDENTIAL.

 B80-- Lidios lbK White Gold Ring: beauti-
 fully designed A A 1 Blue-white Diamond.
 $50	$4.90 a Month.

 B81- Indies htind-engraved 18K While Gold
 Hirthstpne King set with 2 Blue-white Dia-
 monds. Any bu-thstone furnished. $25.
 $2.40 a Month.

 B82 Ijidics hand-carved 18K White Gold
 ring, with :{ Blue-white Diamonds $45.
 $4.40 a month.

 B83--Cents HK Solid Gold hand-engraved
 King with AAI Blue-white Diamond set in
 White Gold tiqtiare-top $42.50.

 $4.15 a Month.

 B84 -14K White Gold Wrist Watch; 4 Blue-,
 while Diamonds; 4 Blue Sapphires. Guaran-
 teed lf> Jewel movement. $42.50./

 $4.15 a Month.

 B85 VanuiiM Bulova Gents Strap Watch 14K
 Cold filled case: guaranteed 15 Jewel move-
 ment. $28.50. $2.75 a Month.

 B86--12 si/e 21 * Jewel-' Illinois
 Victor Walt li; 14K Green Gold
 tilled case 1’rii e $45.	<

        $4.40 a Month

        w«^nB8s-s28.5o
        Its a Bulova A

 3000 Bis Bargains in Dia-
 monds, Wat< lie* and Jewelry
 shown in the catalog. Send
 for it Today--il’» FREE. JUBRUk

LW SWEET Inc.

mi^imBRMwArmroRK

•	STUDY AT HOME

                     $&/ Become a lawyer. Legally trained
jwwlPfti	men win high positions and big suc-

SwgyaS,	.cess in business and public life. Be

                     independent. Greater opportunities
now t*ian ever before. Big corpors-
!L	tions are headed by men with legal traiD-

          W$£r BssP *n&- Eam

       Wf W $5,000 to $10,000 Annually

dSggatBfo	guide you step by step. You can train at home

          during spare time. Degree of LL.B. conferred.
LaSalle students found among practicing attorneys of every
state. We furnish all text material, including fourteen-volume
Law Library. Low cost, easy terms. Get our valuable 108-page
‘ ‘ Law Guide” and “Evidence” books FREE. Send for them NOW.
LaSalle Extension University, Dept. 11369-L Chicago
The World’s Largest Business Training Institution

Wanta Play Banjo?

 C. McNeil—Earn money thru famous McNeil Banjo Course,
 ^asy as A B C with CHORD-CHART SYSTEM and phono-
 graph record by Chns. McNeil, 6 years with Brunswick.
 ** Easy payments. Write for Free Book and Banjo offerl
 i	CHICAGO TENOR BANJO INSTITUTE

 Dept. 1218	1621 N. Lincoln St., Chicago

 In our next issue!

 “Fortune, Inc.” by George Worts

r SOLVE THIS PUZZLE ?

             * L"0-V-E- R.O-T-E S" letters when properly arranged
  the name of a late president Everyone eend-
  id the correct solution will bo awarded
  a beautiful lot si2e 20 x 100 ft.
  NewFree and clea* Of
  Development. between^^K^S^T^^^Ifc^^^'brancesI
  New York and Atlantic City.	*

  J bis ofler expires Nov. 1H. 1926.

  •a/va*1 c-«fi?v.?,op,*2en* Corporation,

  303 Fifth Ave., New York City. Dept. 1145

BUILDING LOTS AmRDED-1

'OU CAN OIL PAINT

Tobacco Habit

BANISHED

Let Us Help You

   No craving for tobacco in any
form after you begin taking Tobacco
Redeemer. Don’t try to quit the tobacco

habit unaided. It’s often a losing fight against heavy
odds and may mean a serious shock to the nervous
system. Let us help the tobacco habit to quit YOU.
It will quit you, if you will just take Tobacco Re-
deemer according to directions. It is marvelously
quick and thoroughly reliable.

 Not a Substitute

   Tobacco Redeemer contains no habit-forming
drugs of any kind. It is in no sense a substitute
for tobacco. After finishing the treatment you
have absolutely no desire to use tobacco again or
to continue the use of the remedy. It makes not
a particle of difference how long you have been
using tobacco, how much you use or in what form
you use it—whether you smoke cigars, cigarettes,
pipe, chew plug or fihe cut or use snuff, Tobacco
Redeemer will positively remove all craving for
tobacco in any form in a few days. This we abso®
lutely guarantee in every case or money refunded.

   Write today for our free booklet showing the
deadly effect of tobacco upon the human system
and positive proof that Tobacco Redeemer will
quickly free you of the habit.

Newell Pharmacal Company,
Dept. 308 Clayton Station St. Louis, Mo*

PIMPLES

Cleared up—often in 24 hours. To prove

you can be rid of Pimples, Blackheads, Acne

Eruptions on the face or body, Barbers’ Itch, Eczema. En-
larged Pores, Oily or Shiny Skin, simply send me your name
and address today—no cost—no obligation. CLEAR-TONE
tried and tested in over 100-000 cases—used like toilet water—
is simply magical in prompt results. You can repay the favor
by telling your friends; if not, the loss is mine. Write Today,

E.S.GIVENS, 403 Chemical Bldg., Kansas City,Mo.

  Amazing new method teaches men or women to earn after
  first lesson. OIL PAINT photos—portraits, landscapes or art
  subjects. Earn $18 to $ 100 and more a week. Oil Paint
  Outfit given. Send now for free illustrated book. Pictorial
  Art Studios, Inc., Dept. UB, 2731 No. Clark St. Chicago.

“DON’T SHOUT”

'“I hear you. 1 can hear now as
well as anybody. How? With
the MORLEY PHONL. I’ve a
pair in my ears now, but they are
invisible. I would not know 1 had
them in, myself, only that 1 hear all right.*

The MORLEY PHONE for the

DEAF

is to the ears what glasses are
to the eyes. Invisible, comfort-
able, weightless and harmless.

             Anyone can adjust it.

Over one hundred thousand sold. Write for booklet and testimonials

THE MORLEI CO., Dept. 777, 10 South 18th St., Philadelphia

In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE.
THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE THE GREAT SHOW WINDOW OF AMERICA

IsfeSsSifl

                                                  G<®a

Pi^sS

  o'1 aO°	*W"	k 1

A Real Thriller, by

Lemuel De Bra

     The West at its wildest animates
     “Peppermint Pete Pitches a Party,”
     a swift-action story by the man
     who wrote “Evil Treasure,” “The
     Valley of Vision,” “The Blade of a
     Thousand Treacheries” and many
     other stirring stories. You’ll get
     a real thrill when you read it in—

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

The Consolidated Magazines Corporation, Publisher,
36 South State Street, Chicago

TRAVELING FOR “UNCLE SAM”

 “Yes, fellows—I now work for ‘Uncle Sam.' Here is my ap-
 pointment.

 "Tomorrow. I go out on my first Railway Mail run to Washing-
 ton, D. C. From now on I will travel on a government pass and
 see my country. While away from home I get hotel expenses.

 “I commence at $1900 a year and expect to raise to $2600
 or $2700—$225 a month.

 "I have a nice Summer vacation with full pay and very pleasant
 work. Franklin Institute did it for me."

 Many U. S. Government Jobs are obtainable by men and women 18 up. Mail the
 coupon TODAY SURE. You may then soon find yourself in a well paid U. S.
 GOVERNMENT JOB.

— — — — — — — Cut Here — — — —1 — — --

 FRANKLIN INSTITUTE, Dept. C-281, Rochester, N. Y.

Rush to me at once, free of charge, 32 page book with (1) List of U. S. Govern-
ment Jobs obtainable. (2) Full Information regarding salaries, hours, duties, etc.

Name-----

Address—

Go to High
School at Home

You can secure a high school education right at
home by studying the splendid new courses re-
cently prepared by the International Correspon-
dence Schools.

These courses are equivalent to the courses given in resi-
dent high schools. They have been specially arranged for
men and women who wish to meet college entrance examina-
tions, to qualify for a business position, or to make up the
education they missed when forced to leave school too soon.

The College Preparatory Course, the High School Commer-
cial Course and the High School English Course include
English, algebra, ancient, medieval, modern and U. S. his-
tory, physiology, literature, geography, Latin, bookkeeping,
drawing, geometry, shorthand, physics, chemistry, salesman-
ship, advertising, civics, trigonometry, economics, American
business law, corporation finance, money and banking, busi-
ness and trade economics, etc. A diploma is given at
graduation.

The lessons are easy to understand and you will make
rapid progress because you will be in a class by yourself and
you will study under the guidance of instructors who are
sincerely interested in helping you to get ahead and achieve
the bigger things of life.

Just mark and mail the coupon and we will gladly send
you interesting free booklets describing the High School
Courses of the International Correspondence Schools or any
other subject in which you are interested.

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS
Box 2481-B, Scranton, Penna.

Without cost or obligation, please tell me how I can qualify for
the position or in the subject before which I have marked an X:

            □	College Preparatory Course

□	High School Commercial Course

           □	High School English Course

□	High School Vocational Course

□	High School Agricultural Course

□	Business Management

□	Industrial Management

□	Traffic Management

□	Business Law

□	Banking and Banking Law

□	Accountancy (including C.P.A.)

□	Nicholson Cost Accounting

□	Bookkeeping

□	Private Secretary

□	Spanish □ French

 Salesmanship
 Advertising
 Better Letters
 Show Card Lettering
 Stenography and Typing
 Business English
 Civil Service
 Railway Mail Clerk
 Common School Subjects

□	Illustrating □ Cartooning

         TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

   Electrical Engineering
   Electric Lighting
   Mechanical Engineer
   Mechanical Draftsman
   Machine Shop Practice
   Railroad Positions
   _ Gas Engine Operating
   □ Civil Engineer
   Surveying and Mapping
   Metallurgy
   Steam Engineering
   Radio

□	Architect

□	Architects' Blueprints

□	Contractor and Builder

□	Architectural Draftsman

□	Concrete Builder

□	Structural Engineer

□	Chemistry □ Pharmacy

□	Automobile Work
J Airplane Engines

□	Navigation

□	Agriculture and Poultry

□	Mathematics

 Name..

 Street

 Address..,

..State..

In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE.
THE BLUE B001C MAGAZINE THE GREAT SHOW WINDOW OE AMERICA

Wear While
i Paying

PA3-

w»M. .	Lady's wrist

MMWiwatch latest style
solid 14 Kt. gold,
highest grade 17 ruby and
sapphire jewel movemeot, life- £22
time _guaf<»n tee. Featured_al '*****

PA4—Fiery blue wITite
diamond — best quality
18 Kt white gold—ar-
tistically carved, hand
pierced, lady's mount-

S49-SO

PAT-Three""large perfectly matched

feruiine blue white diamonds, two
rench blue sapphires, 18Kt. white
gold dinner ring ex-	Cft

quiaite design Price

PA5-Three perfectly matched blue
white diamonds set in a beautifully
hand pierced mounting-18Kt. white,

K'stTrK cr“Uo! $»6-7S

ROYALdiamondcvWAtch g

ESTABLISHED I&95

ADDRESS DEPT. IE3170 BROADWAY, N.Y.

LearnHow to BO

In 20 weeks, the System of Jimmy DeForest,
World's Greatest Trainer and Maker of Cham-
pions, teaches you all there is to learn about box-
ing. Every 6 months 30 are selected from all
classes and recommended to leading promoters
for engagements. Send for famous book, “The Golden
Age of Boxing,” full of valuable information, photos of
great fighters and pupils who became successes overnight.
Enclose 10c to cover cost of mailing, etc.

      JIMMY DeFOREST BOXING COURSE,

347 Madison Ave., Box 1511 New York City

  High School Course
  in 2 Years

                         | You can complete
                         this simplified High

   i ..	School Course at home in-

      side of two years. Meets all requirements for entrance to college
      and the leading professions. This and thirty-six other practical
      courses are described in our Free Bulletin, Send for it TODAY.

AMERICAN SCHOOL

      [Dept, H-8110 Drexel Ave. & 58th St. ©AS 1923 CHICAI

 Don’t Be Gray

    For more than ten years, gray-haired men and
    women, whose hair atone time was brunette, blonde,
    red, auburn, brown or black, have used Kolor-Bak
    with entire satisfaction and are no longer gray.
    Results often appear in a week.

     Kolor-Bak isaclean, colorless liquid. Easy to apply.
     No experimenting with samples of your hair —one
     bottle is for all shades and colors. Acts also as a
     tonic—keeps scalp clean and free from dandruff.

     Its tremendous success and superiority is proved
     by the sale of nearly 3,000,000 bottles.

     Sold—with absolute money-back guarantee—at all
     druggists and stores handling high-grade toilet
     articles.

KoIor^Bak

Banishes Gray Hair

 CALLOUSES

Quick, safe relief for callouses and
burning on bottom of feet.

     At all drug and shoe stores—35c.

  Dl Scholl’s

  'Ziino-nads vutonem-

"	the pain is gone

For Free Sample write The Scholl Mfg. Co., Cliicago

 Science has found the way to add
 inches to your height. No need to envy
 and look up to the big fellows. No
 need to have the disadvantages of the
 little man. This course makes it possi-
 ble for you to be on a level with your
 fellow men. Course is easy, inexpensive
 and results sure. Mail coupon for free
 information today.

 L. GLOVER,

 Room 52, 459 San Carlos Ave.,
 Sausalito, Calif.

 Without any obligation to me, send me
 full information on how to grow taller.

Name.

Street...................City.

Start Little Business

For Spare Time

Sell novelties by mail spare time. We tell you
how. Beginner’s outfit furnished. Book sent
free. PIER CO., 72-AP, Cortland Street,
New York.

  A full year to pay

     All transactions
  strictly confidential
  10 DAYS FREE TRIAL

  Pin only $1 to your
  order, and your choice
  comes to you parcel-

  pay postman only $1
  more on delivery, and
  after free trial pay bal-
  ance in 12 equal monthly
  payments. Satisfaction
  guaranteed or money

 ckr FREE

  “Royal Book of Gems"

  Thousandsof special val-
  ues ingenuinediamonds,
  watches and jewelry il>
  lustrated Yourcopy sent
  immediately on request
  No red taoe. No delay

MustMen!ear4o?

65% of all men past middle age, authorities say, have prostate
gland disorder. Here is the known cause of frequent nightly

 medicine or electric rays. 20.000 men have found quick
 relief and grateful recovery. Send name for FREE book.
 Address Electro Thermal Company, 6863 Main St.,
 Steubenville, Ohio. Western Address Suite 68-F,
 303 Van Nuys Bldg., Los Angeles, Calif.

In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE.
THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE THE GREAT SHOW WINDOW OF AMERIGA

  THE Federal School, one of the oldest and largest art schools
        in America, has trained hundreds of successful illustrators.

  It was originally founded by the Bureau of Engraving to
  supply artists for its own needs. Since then the Federal School

 ___graduates have become so dis-

                         B tinguished for their high quality
                work that they are in great de-
                BM' llliyMI mand by publishers and art or-
                ganizations. The reason for this
                -5 was plainly because of the thorough
                training given by the school, in-
                h},:MKk'	struction which was not duplicated

by any other institution in the

                 herb johnson country.

         HWhy the Federal “Master

                                    A strictly up to date and prac-
                                 tical art course and comprehensive
                                 training in many different subjects
                                 jviORM Rockwell such as illustrating, serious and
                                 comic cartooning, lettering, poster
                                 designing, window card illustrating.
                                 pJR.',	etc. No one artist is competent to

                             give instruction in all these
                             branches- For t*113 reason the
                             Federal School has established its
                             “Master Course’’ in which every
                             subject is covered by a specialist.

                   BART an artist who has made a success
                            in that one particular field. No
                            other school can offer a course of
                            instruction which is nearly com-
                            parable. No other institution in
                            the country has such an array of
                            KM artists as are on the Federal Staff.

                          The Federal Authors

                      fay king «, The Federal Authors include such
                                 nationally known artists as Sid
                                 Smith. Neysa McMein, Fontaine
                                 Fox, Charles Livingston Bull, Clare
                                 Briggs, Norman Rockwell. Fay
                                 King, Frank King, Charles Rus-
                                 sell. Herbert Johnson, Walter Wil-
                                 werdlng, Charles Bartholomew and
                                 over fifty others. Exclusive original
                                 lessons and drawings especially
                                 prepared by these famous artists
                                 are included in the Federal Home
                                 Study Course. They teach you
                                 everything you need to know
                                 about illustrating so that when you
                                 finish the course you will not find
                                 anything new to you. You will be
                                 prepared for any problem or
                                 chas m.russell W.J.W11.WERDING emergency which may arise.

    The Federal Course Is a Proven Result-Getter Address

     Federal School Graduates are employed by publishers and
     commercial organizations all over the country. The usual salary ........

$50022

IN ONE MONTH

DRAWING

      Careful, conscientious training by
    members of our faculty made this
    possible. Today, trained illustrators
    who draw pictures for magazines,
    newspapers, etc., both men and women,
    earn $200.00 to $500.00 a month or
    more. The present splendid oppor-
    tunities in this field have never been
    excelled. Thousands of publishers buy
    millions of dollars’ worth of illustra-
    tions, like the one shown here, every
    year. Illustrating is the highest type
    of art. If you like to draw, let your
    talent make your fortune. Develop
    it. It takes practice, but so does any-
    thing worth while. Learning to
    illustrate is fascinating to anyone who
    likes to draw.

 for the beginner is from $35.00 to $50.00 a week and, with in-
 creasing experience, promotion is rapid. No previous experience
 is necessary in order to take this course. Every step is plain
 and you will be led gradually from simple sketches to complex
 illustrations having a high market value. At all times contact
 with you is direct and personal and every effort is ma^e to
 develop your own individual style. What this style is can only
 be determined after thorough training in the fundamentals of
 draftsmanship.

Study at Home in Your Spare Time

 In studying with the Federal School you can take as long as
 you like to finish each piece of work. The fact that you are
 busy during the daytime makes no difference. The course may
 be completed in your own home at night or during any spare time
 you have. Earn while you work if you wish. Many students find
 a market for their drawings long before they finish the course.
 Some earn the price of the course several times over before they
 finish. Moreover, when you graduate your connection with the
 school is not terminated. We take a personal interest in the
 success of our graduates and our business connections enable us
 to offer many fine opportunities. In our files are hundreds of
 letters from students telling what the Federal School has done
 for them.

 Send for Free Book

  Our free illustrated book. “A Road to Bigger Things,” contains
  some of these. It also shows the work
  they have done and gives all the details
  of the course.

  If you like to draw, do not give it up
  for something you do not like so well.

 You owe it to yourself to develop the
 ability you possess. Fill in the attached
 coupon, mail it today and start up the
 “Road to Bigger Things."

of Illustrating

 FEDERAL SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATING

11026 Federal School Building, Minneapolis, Minn.

Name......................................... Age.....

 Occupation

In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE BLUB BOOK MAGAZINE.
THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE THE GREAT SHOW WINDOW OF AMERICA

She Bared Her Soul!

To the man whose kindly tolerance and sympathy
have put thousands back on the road to happiness

    zIND she was but one of hun-
C^^Xdreds who have done the
same—told secrets she
would not tell her mother—or per-
haps her husband—but in the con-
fessional of the Judge’s chambers
she revealed all. Her story and the
stories of scores of others—men as
well as women—are now being re-
told for society’s good by Judge
Ben B. Lindsey in
the most candid
and startling se-
ries of articles
ever published in
any magazine

U

Moral

Revolt”

By

j»,ase Ben B. Lindsey

asks: “Is a new code of sex mor-
als being created?” It is a star-
tling question—but a question that
has heretofore existed unasked in
the minds of all intelligent men
and women; and it is no more
startling than the evidence that
Judge Lindsey offers in his great
series of articles under the title:
“The Moral Revolt.”

When you have
read the first of
the Judge’s arti-

cles and consid-

Judge of the Family Court of Denver ered it, turn a few

pages and read

Reasoning from the stories of real life told the first article in another astonishing se-
him in court, Judge Lindsey has reached ries in which the internationally famous
certain conclusions, and now he boldly beauty and social leader—

Mrs. Philip Lydig Reveals
Secrets of New York Society

ALMOST since girlhood, beautiful Mrs. Philip Lydig
has been an unquestioned leader of New York’s
ultra-smart society. Now for the first time Mrs.
Lydig proceeds to turn the spotlight on that society-
telling in great detail why she finds it futile, false and
corrupt. The statements she makes will astonish you—
story after story of tragedies heretofore never publicly
disclosed. If chronicles of the real lives of the promi-
nently fashionable—heretofore known only to those on
the inside of that group—are of interest to you, then you
must read Mrs. Lydig’s revealing article, “Marriage With-

out Love.” In these two remarkable series—the one by
Mrs. Lydig, the other by Judge Lindsey—The Red Book
Magazine for October inaugurates its new plan of adding
the drama of Fact to the drama of Fiction—which latter
is expressed by Rupert Hughes in his splendid novel,
“We Li.^e But Once,” and by these other distinguished
novelists and story-writers: Ruth Comfort Mitchell,

iames Francis Dwyer, Struthers Burt, Samuel Merwin,
,erOy Scott, Thyra Samter Winslow, Robert Benchley,
Wm.. H. Osborne, Arthur K. Akers and Michael J.
Phillips.

^eDFDBOOK MAGAZINE

3N SALE AT ALL ■ m ■■	■ m

NEWS STANDS

Price 25 Cents

In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE.
THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE THE GREAT SHOW WINDOW OF AMERICA

 SPECIALIZATION

  This is an age of specialization in every
field of activity. So complex is civiliza-
tion and so keen the competition in the
affairs of men, that success and happi-
ness are assured only to the man or
woman who knows his craft—his art—
his business.

  If you would achieve success, you must
first be trained. In the old days training
was only acquired by years of arduous
apprenticeship. Now in these days when
education is so far reaching, there are
schools organized to teach in a compre-
hensive way every specific line of en-
deavor.

ART
SCHOOLS
Schools of
Design

 CONSERVA-
 TORIES OF
 MUSIC

 SCHOOLS OF
 DOMESTIC
 SCIENCE

DRAMATIC

 SCHOOLS

 PROFESSION.
 AL SCHOOLS

  If you have a desire to
paint, draw, design clothes
or hats, then an art school
or a school of costume de-
sign will help you to put
your talent to profitable use.

  If your inclination is to
sing or play the violin or
piano, then a conservatory
of music is what you are
looking for.

  If you have a knack for
cooking or running a house,
a school of domestic science
or housecraft will train you
to do it in the best possible
way.

  You may feel the lure of
the stage or the movies.
There are a dozen different
schools of dramatic art or
stagecraft that will give you
the necessary training.

  Possibly your interests are
more practical. You may
want to be a druggist, or a
photographer, an electrician
or an accountant. There is
a school for every one of
these fields of work.

All these vocational schools are adver-
tised in THE RED BOOK MAGAZINE.
If you are undecided as to what school
to choose, write us and we will be glad
to advise you.

Address The Department of Education

The Red Book Magazine

Aeolian Building	New York City

   2/ Jewel * Extra Ihin

Studebaker

   The Insured Watch,

Direct
from th#
Maker

 New

 Model vw —

Extra M ^

 Thin

  OENT FOR,

mm ,

DOWN}

 Only $1.00! The balance
 in easy monthly payments.
 You get the famous Studebaker
 21 Jewel Watch—Insured for a
 lifetime: a choice of 60 new Art
 Beauty Cases; 8 adjustments, in-
 cludingheat, cold.isochronism and
 5 positions—direct from the maker
 at lowest prices ever named on
 equal quality.

 Write today for FREE BOOK
 of Advance Watch Styles.

Watch Chain FREE!

 For a limited time we are offering a beautiful
 Watch Chain FREE. Write now while offer lasts.

Mail Coupon for FREE Book

 Send at once and pet a copy of this book -FREE!
 See the newest, beautiful, advance styles in
 Studebaker Art Beauty CasesandDials. Readhow
 you can buy a 21 Jewel Studebaker Insured Watch
 direct from the maker—save big: money—and pay
 for it on easy monthly payments.

                for our free book. It will post you
       I	on watch styles and watch values.

 Send coupon at once. Get Free Chain offer today
 while it lasts.

STUDEBAKER WATCH CO.

Dept. P-37 South Bend, Indiana

Canadian Address: Windsor, Ontario

| STUDEBAKER WATCH CO.	i

Dept.P-37 South Bend, Indiana	jj

 Please send me your Free Book of Advance Watch I
 Styles and particulars of your $1.00 down offer.	I

 Name.

 Address •

                               •State •

In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE.
HM

Lucky Strikes taste so good because
their fine Turkish and domestic
tobaccos are toasted for 45 minutes

 LUCKY STRIKE