FICTION —FACTS —PICTURES

ALL COMPLETE

 $25 Cash for Best Title This Picture (See Page 143)
He could afford s25
for his tooth paste
... he pays 254

Ken Maynard’s plane. It is the land
type, completely equipped for camp-
ing and hunting. The star recently
explored Central America and
spent all but two nights aboard.

Regular Size 25<f Double Size 40<f

 In his motors as in his
 tooth paste, the film star
 likesspeedandefficiency.
 His two Packards and
 Chevrolet are shown.

 Ken Maynard and his
 fatnoushorse, Palomino,
 taken at the Maynard
 ranch in the San Fern-
 ando Valley, California.

  ThERE'S a product . . . that L1STERINE
TOOTH PASTE ... I have never used a denti-
frice that made my teeth feel and look so clean.
And in my business that's important!'’

Ken Maynard

ONCE again you find a man accustomed to every
luxury using, by choice, this dentifrice which
costs him but 25^.

  Once again you find a man whose profession de-
mands sound and attractive teeth, using Listerine
Tooth Paste.

  What’s the reason? Better results, nothing more.
Millions of people have found that Listerine Tooth
Paste is amazingly superior. If you haven’t tried it,
do so now.

  See how thoroughly it cleans teeth. See how it
sweeps away ugly discolorations. See the brilliant
lustre and gleam it imparts to the teeth. Note that
wonderful feeling of mouth freshness and invigora-
tion that follows its use. Give it a trial now. Your
druggist will supply you. Lambert Pharmacal
Company, St. Louis, Missouri.

 Few tnen are as dear to the hearts of American
 children as Ken Maynard, "the spokesman of
 the outdoors.” His admirers are legion and
 his popularity continues from year to year.

Listerine Tooth Paste
ADVERTISING SECTION

'My lesson helped me,"
says Long Islander,

'maybe it will help others" t

WHY DO YOU ALWAYS
BUY THAT KIND ?

THEY’RE DATED]
IVEREADYS.. SEE

)THAT DATE LINE?
[ YOU CAN DEPEND
ON THEM BECAUSE
You KNOW
'^they're FRESH.

YOUR HUSBAND
CERTAINLY KNOWS
HIS BATTERIES,MA-
DAME. THAT DATE
LINE PROTECTS THE

- BUYER AGAINST

|\ THE CHANCE OF
[4 GETTING A STALE
' \ BATTERY. .

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Railroad Stories.

A

“SUDDEN DEATH”... F„ii,d tor o«.

"SUDDEN DEATH walks by the roadside at night
as well as riding the cushions ... as 1 never fully
realized until the night I came so near to playing
the title role,” says Gordon M. Thompson.

  VTwo cars racing neck and neck came up behind
me. Walking on the left side of the road, as I should,

1	paid no attention ... until I was about ten seconds
from eternity. At this last instant I turned, looked
into the jaws of death, and jumped practically out
of them into the brambles in the ditch.

  "1 never walk at night any more without my
Eveready flashlight . . . loaded with fresh, depend-
able Eveready batteries. You know, if you drive a
car, that it’s mighty hard to see people by the road-
side even or a clear night. Maybe you’ve had a close

National Carbon Co., Inc.,

                                                    Pedestrians need
                                                    headlights, too,
                                                    thinks Gordon
                                                    M. Thompson.

     call, too? All I can say is don’t tempt Fate. You can
     walk the roads in safety if you carry a flashlight
     loaded with fresh Eveready batteries.”

 EVEREADY
 BATTERIES
 ARE FRESH
 BATTERIES

.............. »

 ONE REASON
 WHY THEY
 LAST LONGER

30 Elast 42nd Street, New York, N. Y.
APRIL, 1936 I 17 C	T»L

This Magazine is on Sale I	XIX

the First of Each Month *1^ M	No 5

Preceding Date of Issue	'

Formerly Railroad Man’s Magazine—Title Registered in V. S. Patent Office

Fiction and True Tales

The Big Hill (Fiction)...................Edmund E. Pugsley	4

The Angel of Canyon Pass (Fiction) . . .....Charles W. Tyler	24

Link and Pin (Novelette)......................Ed Samples	54

Wood-Burners (True Tale) ...............Watson B. Berry	95

The Skipper Uses His Head (True Tale) . . .Harry R. Drummond	98

Riding the Freight (True Tale)..........James C. Southcott	100

Broken Links (True Tale) .... .........“Highball” John Burns	103

Closing Days (Fiction) ...... .............Ralph A. Snyder	108

Rolling Down to Reno (Fiction)........Engine Picture Kid	119

Illustrated Features

Along the Iron Pike...................                         3 
Railway Express Messenger No. 1......      ... H. R. Edwards  21 
Locomotives of the Northwestern Pacific    Railroad........   36 
Street-Car Thrills.....................                       39 
World's Oldest Locomotive Works......                         44 
Conquering the Hoosac..............                           52 
A Race That Cost 44 Lives.............                        81 
Who’s Who in the Crew (John J. Bums)......                   102 
Juggling a Nitro Train................                       128 
Six Popular Departments

By the Light of the Lantern 87 International Engine Picture Club 114

The Boomer Trail........ 106 On the Spot................ 130

The Sunny Side of the Track 112 Model Railroading.......... 140

THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, Publisher, 280 Broadway, New York City

WILLIAM T. DEWART, President

MESSAQERIES HACHETTE	PARIS: HACHETTE * CIB.

    S. La Belle Saurage, Ludgate Hill. London, B.C.4	111 Rue Reaumur

 Published every month and copyright, 1936, by The Frank A. Mun9ey Company. Single copy. 15 cents In United States: 20 cent*
 In Canada. By the year. $1.50 in United States, its dependencies, Mexico, and Cuba: Canada. $2.00. Other countries. $3.00.
 Remittances should be made by check, express money order or postal money order. Currency should not be sent unless registered.
 Entered at the post office. New York. N. Y., as second class matter November 15. 1329. under the Act of March 3, 1879. En-
 tire contents protected by copyright; must not be reprinted without publishers' permission. Copyrighted also in Great Britain.
 Printed In U.S.A.

Manuscripts submitted to this maoazine should be accompanied by sufficient postape for their return if found unavailabler.
The publisher can accept no responsibility for return of unsolicited manuscripts.

B
ADVERTISING SECTION

...totTRUE!

c

They’re unprintable! The things that happen
to your system when you take a harsh, quick-acting
cathartic. Good taste forbids a detailed description

YOU ought to know ... for your
health’s sake . . . what happens when
you introduce a harsh, drastic laxative into
your system. One that works too quickly.
One that upsets you . . . that rushes unas-
similated food through your system — that
rips and tears its way, leaving you weak,
dragged down—internally abused. But, we
cannot tell you the graphic details here be-
cause they are too graphic. This is a family
magazine, not a medical textbook.

   This much we can say: whenever you need
a laxative, be sure the one you take is cor-
rectly timed. Be sure it is mild and gentle.
Ex-Lax meets these specifications.

  Avoid quick-acting cathartics I

Ex-Lax takes from 6 to 8 hours to accom-
plish its purpose. It relieves constipation
without violence, yet it is completely effec-
tive. Elimination is thorough. And so close
to normal you hardly know you’ve taken
a laxative.

  Because of its gentle action, Ex-Lax
doesn’t leave you weak, as harsh cathartics
do. It doesn’t cause stomach pains. It doesn’t
nauseate you. And you don’t need to fear
any embarrassment afterwards. It is best to
take Ex-Lax at night, when you go to bed.
In the morning you will enjoy complete and
thorough relief.

          A joy to take!

Another thing people like about Ex-Lax is
the fact that it is equally good for children
and adults. And here is still another pleasant
thing about Ex-Lax ... it tastes just like
delicious chocolate. Don’t ever again offend
your palate with some bitter, nasty-tasting
cathartic!

Get a box of Ex-Lax today. It costs only
10c.* There is a big, convenient family size
at 25c,* too.

                           i*-wid«fy Mrtl* i
mod, (mJtotof* tomb and go but t^l^.,0,'
holds it* pfoe* «* the lorgfrtt selling
toxotive «rt rt>8 World. To got real Ex-Lex
; rwwiilfc, 4n*t*f ,<m tta genuine, tpetled \
l-A*X, ond refuse oil imitations.

             *In Canada 15* and 35^

TRY EX-LAX AT OUR EXPENSE!

             (Paste this on a penny postcard)

Ex-Lax, Inc., P. O. Box 170	Y-46

 Times-Plaza Station, Brooklyn, N. Y.

I want to try Ex-Lax. Please send free sample.

City______________________________________________Age.—

(If you live in Canada, write Ex-Lax, Ltd.,
736 Notre Dame St. W., Montreal)

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Railuoad Stokiks.
ADVERTISING SECTION

 Here are the outstanding: etandard
 brand tire bargains of the year, re
 paired by the improved“criss -cross*'
 method and by skilled workmen. You j
 take no risk when you buy from York, [
 old reliable \
 tire house with 19 '
 years of service In
 this field. Thou-
 sands of tire asera
 throughout the
 U. S. declare onr j
 tires give them/
 LONG, SATISFAC-1
 TORY SERVICE. BuyNow-at\
 these reduced prices and SAVE MONEY.

    Don’t Delay — Order Today!
 BALLOON TIRES
 Size Rim Tires Tabes

  29x4.40-21 $1.85 $0.85
  29x4.50-20 2.00 .85

  Wo Receive
  Hundreds of
  letters like this
  “I boaffht a 84x4^
  of you 2 yearn ago
  and it is on my truck
  yetandgood for an-
  other year.”—John
  H.Silverthorn.Mich.

  30x4.50-21

  28x4.75-10

  29x4.75-20

  29x5.00-19

  30x5.00-20

  6.25-17

  28x5.25-18

  29x5.25-19

  30x5.25-20

  31x5.25-21

  5.50-17

  28x5.50-18

  29x5.50-1®

  6.00-17
  30x6.00-18
  31x6.00-19
  32x6.00-20
  33x6.00-21
  32x6.50-20

  6.00-16

 2.10
 2.IS
 2.20

 2.55

 2.55
 2.60
 2.60
 2.60
 2.60
 2.90

 2.95	____

 2.95	1.15

 2.95	1.15

 3.10	1.16

 3.10	1.15

 3.10	1.15

 3.10	1.25
 3.25 1.25
 3.35 1.35

 1.05

 1.05

 1.15

 1.15

 1.15

 1.15

 1.15

 1.16

 SIzeTires Tubes
 30x3 M 51.85 $0.75
 31x4 2.65 .85
 32x4 2.65 .85
 33x4 2.65 .85
 34x4 2.90 .85
 32x4 H 3.00 1.15

 REGULAR CORD TIRES

 SIzeTires Tubes

 33x4* $3.10 SI.16
 34x4* $.10 1.15
 30x5 3.30 1.35
 33x5 3.40 1.45
 35x5 _ 3.551.55

HEAVY DUTY TRUCK TIRES

(Hisb Pressure)

Size Tires TubeslSize Tires Tubes

 29*5	•.1-?‘?|34x7 $9.95 S3.25

 !|38x7 9.95 3.95

  33x5	3.75	’1.451

 34x5	3.95 2.00L	__

  32x6	7.25 2.75|36x8	10.65 3.95

  36x6	9.00 3.95140x8	12.65 4.15

 TRUCK BALLOON TIRES
 Size Tires Tubesl Size Tires Tubes

  6.00-20	$3.25 $1.6517.50-20 $5.40 3.75
  6.50-20 3.60 1.9518.25-20 7.60 $4.95

  7.00-20	4.85 2.95|9.00-20 9.40 5.65

 ALL OTHER

 sizes I i a	4 in

 SEND ONLY $1.00 DEPOSIT on each tire ordered.
 ($4.00 on each Truck Tire,) We ship balance C. O. D.
 Deduct S per cent if cash is sent in full with order. To
 fill order promptly we may substitute brands if neces-
 sary. ALL TUBES BRAND NEW-GUARANTEED—
 HEAVY GAUGE CIRCULAR MOLDED. Guard against
 price advances. Order Now. We agree to replace at
 half price any tire failing to give 9 months* service.

 YORK TIRE & RUBBER CO., Dept. 2201-A

 3855-59 Cottage Grove Ave._Chicago, III.

/earn PHOTOENGRAVING

    Details FREE on Request

  Here's a hie money opportunity for you. Mak$
  printing nlates for newspapers, printers and
  others with onr easy quaranteed methods. Write
  for particulars. We also make printing plates
  from any drawing or photo. State size wanted.

 NEWSPAPERS ATTENTION—write us for trained Engravers.

EAST ST. LOUIS ENGRAVING CO.

P. O. Box 107_East St. Louis, III.

  ^Ake

.dig- ,

 [AIQNEyI

Flush Out
15 Miles of
Kidney Tubes

   Medical authorities agree that your kidneys con-
 tain 15 Miles of tiny tubes or filters which help to
 purify the blood and keep you healthy.

   If you have trouble with too frequent bladder
 passages with scanty amount causing burning and
 discomfort, the 15 Miles of kidney tubes may need
 flushing out. This danger signal may be the be-
 ginning of nagging backache, leg pains, loss of pep
 and energy, getting up nights, swelling, puffiness
 under the eyes and dizziness.

   If kidneys don’t empty 3 pints a day and so get
 rid of more than 3 pounds of waste, poisonous mat-
 ter may develop, causing serious trouble. Don’t
 wait. Ask your druggist for Doan’s Pills, used suc-
 cessfully by millions for over 40 years. They give
 happy relief and will help to flush out the 15 Miles
 of kidney tubes. Get Doan's Pills.

Prostate Sufferers

DB. W. P. SMITH
INVENTOR

 MIDWEST PRODUCTS

 An enlarged, inflamed or faulty Prostate
 Gland very often causes Larneback. Frequent
 Night Rising, Leg Pain3. Pelvic Pains. Lost,
 Vigor. Insomnia, etc. Many physicians
 endorse massage as a safe effective treat-
 ment. (See Reference Book of the Medical
 Sciences, Vol. VII. 3rd edition.) Use
 "PROSAGER," a new invention which
 enables any man to massage his Prostate
 Qland in the privacy of his home. It often
 brings relief with the first treatment and
 must help or it costs you nothing. No
 Drugs or Electricity.

FREE BOOKLET

 EXPLAINS TRIAL OFFER. ADDRESS
 CO., B-1402, KALAMAZOO. MICH.

NEW!

“INVISIBLE” FIT SWATTER

                                  (Pat. ApplUd for)

Amazing Money Maker for Agents!

  New and entirely different, the “Invisible" Fly Swatter la a “gold
  mine” for agents, distributors. Crew Managers. Amazes everybody. Wash-
  able. transparent. Won’t mar furniture. Sells on ten-second demonstra-
  tion through dealers or direct to user. Big profits. Write for details,
  or seud 25c. for two full size samples on money-back guarantee.

PARISIAN NOVELTY CO..

Dept. M14 3510 So. Western Ave. Chicagor 111*

Classified Advertising

      The Purpose of this Department is to put the reader
      In touch immediately with the newest needfuls for the
      HOME, OFFICE, FARM, or PERSON; to offer, or seek,
      an unusual BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, or to suggest
      a service that may be performed satisfactorily through
      correspondence. It will pay a housewife or business man
      equally well to read these advertisements carefully.

 Classified Forms Close Two Months in Advance

LOCOMOTIVE PICTURES

   LOCOMOTIVE PICTURES: 2%”xiYz”. clear sharp prints on
 glossy paper 5c. each. Send 50c. for 10 sample prints and list of
 over fiOOO different locomotive pictures from 100 U. S. roads,
 including many older and smaller types. Robert Graham. 872
 Union St., St. Paul. Minn.

_MAGIC TRICKS—PUZZLES_

   WATCHMAN’S PUZZLE. 150 combinations. Students or grown-
 ups. An aid to your arithmetic. Sent by mail only 2 5c.
 Positively no stamps accepted. Watchman’s Puzzle, 105 Brook-
 view Avenue. Troy, N. Y.

MALE INSTRUCTION

   ELECTRIC REFRIGERATION—AIR CONDITIONING. Rapid
 growth creates big demand for trained men. Earn up to
 $35 00—$50.00 weekly. Get facts. Write for free book.
 Address PRESIDENT. UTILITIES ENGINEERING INSTITUTE.
 40 4 N. Wells, Box 1636, Chicago. 111._

MANUSCRIPTS WANTED_

   THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS being paid for stories, poems, plays,
 songs. Free Copyright in your own name. Free submission
 to public>er8. Submit Mss. to Mark Twain Writers'. Dept. A.
 Springfield, 111.

MODELMAKING

 EASY-BUILT 00 GAUGE <% INCH BETWEEN RAILS) BOX
 AND REFRIGERATOR CAR BODY CONSTRUCTION KITS S1.00.

  Choice of ten cars. Catalogue of complete line of equipment one
  dime. Nason Railways. Dept. R-4. P. O. Box 6. New Rochelle. N. Y.

 _MOVIE CAMERAS. ETC., FOR SALE

 WE BUY. SELL. TRADE STILL. MOVIE CAMERAS,
 projectors, film, accessories, new. used. Cement 20c. projector.
 $3.49. Film library, free membership, catalogue full of bar-
 gains. MOGULLS. 1944-R Boston Road, New York.

OLD GOLD AND DIAMONDS

WANTED—OLD GOLD. DIAMONDS

MAIL us your old gold teeth—old or broken jewelry—
antiques—watches—diamonds—silver. Cash by return
mail. Goods returned in 10 days if you're not satisfied.
OHIO SMELTING CO.. INC.

315-A Hippodrome Bldg.. Cleveland. Ohio

PATENTS AND INVENTIONS

 INVENTIONS COMMERCIALIZED. Patented or unoatented.

  S'.nd sketch end description or model, or write for informa-
  tion. In business 30 years. Complete facilities. Adam Fisher
  Company. 249 Enright St. Louis. Mo

 In answering advertisement$ it is desirable that you mention Railroad Stories.
ADVERTISING SECTION

The depression’s over

• The question is, are you over the depression? Tough? You bet it was — it
was the toughest depression this country ever had. But listen: The future is
the brightest that ever beckoned a man. Opportunity calls from every 6ide —
calls to ambitious and trained men! If you have the ambition, the International
Correspondence Schools can supply the training. Get going! Snap out of it!
Hurry this coupon along to Scranton.

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

BOX 2184-F, SCRANTON, PENNA.

'A'	Without cost or obligation, please send me a copy of your booklet, “Who Wins

and Why,” and full particulars about the subject before which I have marked X:

TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

□ Architect                                 D Heat Treatment of Metals                        □ Plumbing □ Steam Fitting     □ Bridge Engineer              
□ Architectural Draftsman                   □ Sheet Metal Worker                              □ Heating □ Ventilation        Q Bridge and Building Foreman  
□ Building Estimating                       □ Telegraph Engineer                              □ Air Conditioning             □ Chemistry                    
□ Contractor and Builder                    □ Telephone Work _ □ Radio                        □ Steam Engineer               □ Pharmacy                     
□ Structural Draftsman                      □ Mechanical Engineering                          □ Steam Electric Engineer      □ Coal Mining                  
□ Structural Engineer                       □ Mechanical Draftsman                            □ Marine Engineer              □ Mine Foreman                 
□ Management of Inventions                  □ Machinist □ Toolmaker                           □ R. R. Locomotives            □ Navigation                   
□ Electrical Engineer                       □ Patternmaker                                    □ R. R. Section Foreman        □ Cotton Manufacturing         
□ Electric Lighting                         □ Diesel Engines                                  □ Air Brakes □ R. R. Signalmen □ Woolen Manufacturing         
□ Welding, Electric and Gas                 □ Aviation Engines                                □ Highway Engineering          □ Agriculture                  
□ Reading Shop Blueprints                   □ Automobile Mechanic                             □ Civil Engineering            □ Fruit Growing                
□ Boilermaker                               □ Refrigeration                                   □ Surveying and Mapping        □ Poultry Farming              
                                            BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES                                                                                       
□ Business Management                       □ C. P. Accountant                                □ 8ervioe Station Salesmanship D Grade School Subjects        
□ Office Management                         □ Bookkeeping                                     D First Year College           □ High School Subjects         
D Industrial Management                     □ Secretarial Work                                D Business Correspondence      □ College Preparatory          
□ Traffic Management                        □ Spanish □ French                                □ Stenography and Typing       □ Illustrating                 
□ Accountancy                               □ Salesmanship                                    □ Civil Service □ Mail Carrier □ Cartooning                   
□ Cost Accountant                           □ Advertising                                     □ Railway Mail Clerk           □ Lettering Show Cards □ Signe 
                                            ..............................................Age                                                               
I .......................                                                                                                                                   
City.......................................                                                                                                                 
It l/ou reside in Canada, send this coupon to the International Corrcspondtnce Schools Canadian, Limited, Montreal, Canada

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Railroad Stories.

E
ADVERTISING SECTION

Kidneys Cause Much
Trouble Says Doctor

Successful Prescription Helps Remove Acids
—Brings Quick Help.

   Dr. T. J. Rastelli. famous English scientist. Doctor of
 Medicine and Surgeon, says: “You can’t feel well if your
 Kidneys do not function right, because your Kidneys
 affect your entire body.”

   Your blood circulates 4 times a minute through 9
 million tiny, delicate tubes in your Kidneys which are
 endangered by drastic, irritating drugs, modern foods and
 drinks, worry, and exposure. Beware of Kidney dysfunc-
 tion if your suffer from Night Rising. Leg Pains, Nervous-
 ness, Dizziness. Circles Under Eyes. Acidity or Loss of Pep.

   Dr. Walter R. George, for many years Health Director
 of Indianapolis, says: “Insufficient Kid-
 ney excretions are the cause of much
 needless suffering with Aching Back,
 Frequent Night Rising. Itching. Smart-
 ing. Burning. Painful Joints. Rheumatic
 Pains, Headaches, and a generally run-
 down body. I am of the opinion that
 the prescription Cyst ex corrects such
 functional conditions. It aids in flush-
 ing poisons from the urinary tract, and
 in freeing the blood of retained toxins.
 Cystex deserves the indorsement of all
 doctors." If you suffer from Kidney
 and Bladder dysfunction, delay endan-
 gers your vitality, and you should not
 Dr. W. R. Georfle lose a single minute in starting to take
 the doctor’s special prescription called
 Cystex (pronounced Siss-tex) which helps Kidney func-
 tions in a few hours. Works fast, safe and sure. Gently
 tones, soothes, and cleans raw, sore membranes. Brings
 new energy and vitality in 48 hours. It is helping mil-
 lions of sufferers and is guaranteed to make you feel
 years younger and like new in 8 days, or money back on
 return of empty package. Telephone your druggist for
 Cystex today. The guarantee protects you.

LEARN AT HOME

 Are you adult, alert, ambitious .willing to study?
 Investigate LAW! We guide you step by step—
 furnish all texts, including 14-volume Law Libra-
 ry. Training prepared by leading law professors
 and given by members of bar. Degree of LL. B,
 conferred. Low cost, easy terms. Send NOW
 for Free ,64-page“LawTrainingfor Leadership."
 LaSalle Extension University, Dept. 458-L, Chicago

Kidneys Need Oil?

   Curb Night Disturbances Thim Safe Way

   When the genito-urinary passages become in-
 flamed, you may suffer from a burning sensation.
 Your sleep is broken. Backaches, pains and stiff-
 ness trouble you.

   Santalwood oil is known the world over, for the
 help it brings to these inflamed passages. It re-
 lieves. It soothes. It cleanses. If you want to get
 the real East Indian santalwood oil in easy-to-take
 capsules, get SANTAL MIDY from your druggist.
 SANTAL MIDY is the most famous santalwood
 oil preparation.

   Don’t take cheap remedies for your kidneys and
 bladder. SANTAL MIDY capsules are what you
 want because they bring results.

BACKACHE

Flush Kidneys of Waste Matter,
Poisons and Acid and Stop
Getting Up Nights

   When your kidneys are clogged and your
 bladder is irritated and passage scanty and
 often smarts and burns you need Gold Medal
 Haarlem Oil Capsules, a fine harmless stimu-
 lant and diuretic that always works and cost3
 but 35 cents at any modern drug store. It’s one
 good, safe way to put healthy activity into
 kidneys and bladder—you’ll sleep sound the
 whole night thru. But be sure and get GOLD
 MEDAL—right from Haarlem in Holland—
 you are assured of results.

Other symptoms of weak kidneys and irri-
tated bladder are backache, puffy eyes, leg
cramps, moist palms burning or scanty passage.

Learn to Draw-

 beautiful girls' heads and figures for pleasure and
 profit. Be &o artist and make big money. Amazing
 NEW easy way quickly starts you. No experienco
 necessary. F|RST LESSON FREE

 Any ambitious person over fifteen can have the flrsft
 lesson FREE by sending name and address and only
 ten cents to cover mailing cost. TRY IT FREE.
 No obligation.

     TOWERTOWN STUDIOS. D«pt. 376
     520 N. MICHIGAN AVENUE	. CHICAGO, ILL*

Be a High School

Graduate

 High School education is very im-
 ■ portant for advancement socially
 and In business and Industry. Don’t be handicapped all

    your life. Bo a High School graduate. Start yoar training now.

    Yoo can complete oar simplified High School coarse at home aa
    rapidly as yoar time and abilities permit. Many finish in 2 years or
    less. Coarse equivalent to resident school work—prepares yoa
    for entrance to college. Standard H. 8.texts supplied. Diploma
    awarded. Credit for H. S. subjects already completed. Stn0(4
    subjects if desired. Free Bulletin oa request. No obligation.

American School, Dpt. H«4l, Drexel at 58th« Chicago

LIQUOR HABIT

 Send for FREE TRIAL of Noxalco, a guaranteed harmless
 home treatment Can be given secretly in food or drink to
 anyone who drinks or craves Whiskey, Beer, Gin, Home Brew,
 Wine, Moonshine, eta Your request for Free Trial brines
 (rial supply by return mail and full $2.00 treatment which
 you may try under a 30 day refund guarantee. Try Noxalco
 at our risk. ARLEE CO. Dept 204 BALTIMORE, MD.

DON’T BE CUT

                 Until You Try This
                 f Wonderful Treatment

 for pile suffering. If you have piles in
 any form write for a FREE sample of
 Page’s Pile Tablets and you will bless
 the day that you read this. Write today. E. R.
 Page Co., 404-A7 Page Bldg., Marshall, Mich.

IT'C H

STOPPED IN ONE MINUTE

 Are you tormented with the itching tortures of eczema,
 rashes, athlete’s foot, eruptions, or other skin afflic-
 tions? For quick and happy relief, use Dr. Dennis’ cool-
 ing, antiseptic, liquid D.D.D. Prescription. Its gen-
 tle oils soothe the irritated skin. Clear, greaseless and
 stainless — dries fast. Stops itching instantly. A 35o
 trial bottle, at drug stores, proves it—or money back.

D«D*D*

In answering advertisements it is desirable that you mention Railroad Stories.

F
J. E, SMITH, President
National Radio'Institute

MAIL THJS NOW !

     J. E. SMITH. President

     National Radio Institute, Department 6DK

     Washington. D. C.

      Dear Mr. Smith: Without obligation send me your free book
      about spare time and full time Radio opportunities, and how
      I can train for them at home in spare time.

(Please Write Plainly)

      Address

 City.............................. State

0i0DRM>»0J0B

ADVERTISING SECTION

MAIL COUPON
MY FREE BOOK TELLS HOW

 Act today for better pay. Act today to break
 away from a low pay, no-future job. Act to
 get away from having to skimp, scrape to pay
 your bills. Mail coupon for my free 64-page
 book. It tells you how I will train you at home
 in your spare time to be a Radio Expert; about
 my training that has helped hundreds of men make
 more money.

Many Radio Experts Make
$30, $50, $75 a Week

 Consider these facts—think of the good jobs they stand
 for. Over 20.000.000 Radio sets in use, over 600 broad-
 casting: stations, over 40 manufacturers of Radio sets,
 over 3.000 manufacturers of parts, over 100 Police De-
 partments Radio equipped, airplanes and airports Radio
 equipped. Thousands of ships touching: every seaport
 of the world. Radio equipped. Over 35.000 stores selling*
 sets and parts, about 2,000.000 autos Radio equipped
 and about 20,000,000 unequipped. Loud speaker sys-
 tems wherever people gather indoors and outdoors.
 Commercial Radio stations dotting our coast lines.
 Radio a big industry—is growing- bigger fast. A few
 hundred $30, $50, $75 a week jobs, have rrown to
 thousands.

Get ready now for Jobs like these

 A spare time or full time service shop; installing-, main-
 taining-, operating:—broadcast, aviation, commercial,
 ship, television and police Radio stations. A retail
 Radio business of your own. Installing', maintaining-,
 servicing loud speaker systems. A service or sales job
 with a store or jobber. I’ll train you for good jobs in
 every important branch of Radio.

Many make $5, $10, $15 a week extra
in Spare Time almost at once

 Every neighborhood can use a good part time service-
 man. The day you enroll I start sending you Extra
 Money Job Sheets which quickly show you how to do
 Radio repair jobs common in most every neighborhood.
 Oct my book—see for yourself that many of my stu-
 dents make $200 to $1,000 in their spare time while
 learning.

Your money back if not satisfied

 I'll make this agreement with you. If you are not
 entirely satisfied with my Lesson and Instruction Serv-
 ice when you graduate, I’U relund your tuition.

Find out what Radio Offers

 Mail the coupon. My book of information on Radio's
 spare time and full time opportunities is free to any
 ambitious fellow over 15. Read what Radio offers you.
 Read about the training I offer you. Read letters from
 graduates—what they are doing- and earning:. There’s
 no obligation. Mail coupon in an envelope or paste it
 on a postal card—NOW.

J. E. SMITH, President, National Radio Institute,
Dept. 6DK, Washington, D. C.

PROOF THAT MY TRAINING PAYS

 $3,500 Year In Own Business

 ’After completi « the
 N. K. I Coarse I be-
 came Radio Editor of
 the Buffalo Courier.
 Later I >■ tar ted a Radio
 service business of my
 own. and bavo aver-
 aged over $3,500 a
 year."—

 T J. TEI AAK. 856
 Hewitt Avenue, Buf-
 falo. N. Y.

 Operator at Station WBNS

_ am operate. ____

tion WBNS. My duties
are construction and
maintenance. Isiarted
oat with very little
knowledge of Radio.
The N. R 1. Course
gave me an excellent
trailing for Radio."—
C. W. B18CHOKF, 523
Oikvood Avenue,
Columbus, O.

 Never Out ot Work 0n8 Day

 " Before I bad com-
 pleted the N. R. I.
 Course, and th ougb-
 oat rhe deoressio; . I
 have never been out of
 rmployroent one day.
 This has only been
 possible because of
 the knowledge acquir-
 ed frotn your C our se. ’ *
 -JOHN E. M.rLAUR-
 !NE. 3 Cardwell Ave..
 Fullerton, Md.

 $80.00 Monthly In Spare Time

*1 work on Radio part
time, still holding my
regular job. Since
enrolling Ave years
ago, I nave averaged
around £80 every
month, giving

8ETTE. 773 8ilver 8t..
Manchester, N. H.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Railroad Stories.
ADVERTISING SECTION

MURDER for

ENTERTAINMENT !

It’s exciting entertainment when Lester Leith solves the baffling mystery and leaves red-
faced Sergeant Ackley gasping behind. And every evening is packed with exciting en-
tertainment when you are reading DETECTIVE FICTION WEEKLY — the only detec-
tive weekly.

                Here are some of the “ HOT SHOTS ” in
                the four big March issues. Don’t miss one—

“SATAN’S VENGEANCE”

Satan Hall, killer-cop, who fights the underworld with its own weapons of terror, starts
a thrilling war against crime. Told by Carroll John Daly in the March 7 issue. On sale
Feb. 26th.	-

“SMART—TOO SMART”

Six aces of gangdom in the story of an amazing doublecross. It’s by Borden Chase in the
March 14 issue. On sale March 4th.

“THE BALD-HEADED ROW”

And who but Lester Leith would solve a mystery by buying a burlesque show and count-
ing the bald heads? Hilariously narrated by Erie Stanley Gardner in the March 21 issue.
On sale March 11th.	-

“FIVE KEYS TO MYSTERY”

You will never pick the one that opens the door to this exciting and breathless story of
murder and intrigue that Donald Ross spins in the March 28 issue. On sale March 18th.

       Every Week—144 pages of thrilling detective fiction by the best
       writers in the field. More than thirty stories in these four great
       March issues!	And

      Frank Wrentmore’s weekly exposures of the racketeers who are
      baiting their hooks for YOU.

       “ G-2’s ” department of actual Civil Service questions asked can-
       didates for municipal, state and federal jobs.

              144 pages—Other features, facts, and departments.

10c DETECTIVE fflc

1 Sc in Canada FICTION	IdiY l5cinCanada

          Formerly FLYNN’S	■ »

    On Sale Every Wednesday at all Newsstands

In an/fwering this advertisement II desirable that you mention Railroad Stories.

H
ADVERTISING SECTION

Cempikd and Edited by former U. S«"G~M«n'

Here ^
Are the
Inside Facts—*
Useful end
Instructive
to Everyone A

Here are the "inside facts”
on G-MAN methods—of
special interest to detec-
tives, policemen, lawyers
and all others who want to
help stamp out crime. For
FREE copy write to—
INVESTIGATOR’S INSTITUTE ,
National Press Bid*.

Dept. 4 Washington, D. C.

■EfflffiffglTTiij JJJIJHi UJ. I #1
r ass-^ -

<former1«mem

INVESTIGATOR S HANDBOOK '

Do You
Lack

-ENERGY

15 Days Supply

FREE

of DR. RAINEY’S V-TAL TABLETS, used for more than 25
years for its excellent tonic and stimulating effects; also a box
of splendid LAXATIVES. Do you feel tired, weak, run down,
irritable? Is your skin pale and your blood weak? Have you
shortness of breath, palpitation of the heart—do you suffer with
attacks of faintness, indigestion and heartburn, Bour 6tomach,

constipation and distress after eating-? Many of these ailments are often due to a weak,
rundown condition.

Then send at once for Dr. Rainey’s full 15-day treatment of V-Tal Tablets, used and praised
by thousands for over 25 years. Jost mail 10c to cover postage, packing and handling. A
regular $1 box of Dr. Rainey’s V-Tal Tablets and a 25c box of Dr. Rainey's Laxatives will
be sent you postpaid. There is no further cost or obligation of any kind. This is our way
of introducing Dr. Rainey’s splendid V-Tal Tablets. We give them to you gladly so you can
convince yourself of their excellent tonic effect, and prove at our expense what they may do
for you. Dr. Rainey’s V-Tal Tablets by their tonic effect will help to build up your weak,
rundown condition.

Dr. Rainey’s V-Tal Tablets contain no harmful or injurious drugs. The whole formula is
printed on every box. Don’t delay. Send for your free package today.

— —-------— —COUPON FOR FREE $1.00 BOX— — - —____ „ .__

JHE RAINEY DRUG CO.. INC.. Dept. A-158

Name

Dr, Jas. M. Rainey

6000 TREATMENTS
FREE this month

108 W. Lake St.. Chieaco, III.

Enclosed find 10c to cover postage, packing and handling

charges. Please send me $1.00 box Dr. Rainey's V-Tal Tablets,
improved formula. Also Dr. Rainey's Wonderful Laxatives.
Both are to be free without further cost or obligation.

 Addres9
 Town. ..

State.

Now ia your chance to get into a big new industry and grow up
with it to an important position. Today there is practically no competition in
the Diesel lield, but the increasing use of Diesel engines will result in keen com-
petition for jobs after a few years. If you start your training now and get estab-
lished in this field, yon need not worry nbout competition.

Is Vour Job Safe?

Just as the gasoline engine changed the jobs
of thousands who depended on horse-drawn
vehicles for their living—so now the Diesel
engine is fast invading both the power and
transportation fields, and threatening the pres-
ent jobs of thousands of workers.

 What This New Field Offers You

Diesel engines are fast replacing steam and gasoline
engines In power plants, motor trucks and busses, loco-
motives and ships, aircraft, tractors, dredges, pumps, etc.
—opening up an increasing number of well-paid jobs for
Diesel-trained men. You will get full Information about
the latest Diesel developments—two- and four-stroke
cycles; low-and high-speed and heavy duty types; Diesel-
electric generating systems, etc.—In our course. Includes
all text material—with special diagrams for quick un-
derstanding of this new power.

Get our Free Diesel Booklet and find out what

the Diesel field offers you—how quickly you can obtain a
complete understanding of Diesel engine principles and
operation by spare-time study at home. Asking for infor-
mation Involves no obligation—but it may mark the turn-
ing point in your life. Write TODAY for full Information.

 •American School, Dept. D-41, Drexel Avenue at 58th Street, Chicago, lllinois-

The ONE Dictionary
  NEW Enough to Meet
  Present-Day Needs

      Greatest of the famous Merriam-Web-
      ster series — completely remade and
      vastly enlarged. More than ever the
      Supreme Authority.

      WEBSTER’S
 NEW INTERNATIONAL
 DICTIONARY Second Edition

    600.000 Entries—122,000 more than any other
    dictionary; 12,000 terms illustrated; 3350
    pagfs; new from cover to cover. Get The
    Best. At AH Booksellers. Write for free
    information.

       G. 4k C. MERRIAM CO.

   629 Broadway	Springfield, Mass.

FACTORY TO Y0 U

NEW REMINGTON NOISELESS PORTABLE

 AT LAST ! The lamous Remington
 NOISELESS Portableisyoursfor only
 ten cents a day. Brand new. Not re-
 built. Standard keyboard and every
 modern f eature. Free carrying case and
 typing course. 10-Day free trial. You
 don’t risk a p.nny. WE PAY ALL

SHIPPING CHARGES. Act now! _

 Write Remington Rand Inc., Dept.	_

 145-4. 205 E.42d St., New York, N.Y. JQC A DAY

  STOPS

DANDRUFF

 You need a medicine
 really to end Dandruff
 and the itching it
 causes. So stop experi-
 menting. Use Glover’s
 Mange Medicine and
 shampoo with Glover’s
 Medicated Soapregularly.
 Start today! At all drug
 stores. Barbers also give
 Glover’s treatment.
ADVERTISING SECTION

This PHOTO (4" X 5") FREE
with $1.00 Purchase

 dm.

A Chicago & North Western Class H
Locomotive ready to leave Chicago with
the “Corn King Limited."

JUST BUILT FOR THE C. AND O.

4-8-4 No. 600 “THOS. JEFFERSON.”

GET THIS PHOTO 3x8 SIZE AT 8 FOR $1.00.

GET YOUR ENGINE PICTURE ALBUM NOW!

If you want the neatest and most economical engine picture
collection, send $1.50 today (no stamps) for our 25 page
Album and a set of 8 Atlantic Coast Line photos. By filling
Album you get fine collection of 200 photos.

Send a dime (no stamp*) for our complete catalogue
listing more than 1250 U. S. and foreign engines.

LOCOMOTIVE PHOTOGRAPH CO. Box 6354 We*t Market St. Sta., Philadelphia, Pa.

WAKE UP YOUR
LIVER BILE—

Without Calomel—And You’ll Jump Out
of Bed in the Morning Rarin’ to Go

   The liver should pour out two pounds of liquid
bile into your bowels daily. If this bile is not flow-
ing freely, your food doesn’t digest. It just decays
in the bowels. Gas bloats up your stomach. You
get constipated. Your whole system is poisoned and
you feel sour, sunk and the world looks punk.

   Laxatives are only makeshifts. A mere bowel
movement doesn't get at the cause. It takes those
good, old Carter’s Little Liver Pills to get these two
pounds of bile flowing freely and make you feel
“ up and up.” Harmless, gentle, yet amazing in
making bile flow freely. Ask for Carter's Little
Liver Pills by name. Stubbornly refuse anything
else. 25c at all drug stores.	© 1935, C. M. CO.

                                  Save yourself
 the misery of wearing
 leg-straps and cutting belts.
 Learn about the famous Cluthe Com-
 fort Truss positively guaranteed to
 hold—a condition absolutely neces-
 sary for possible improvement or recovery. Water and perspiration
 proof; wear it in bath; Automatic Pad insures safety; hips left free.
 Mad-? to your order for vour individual requirements by mail on a
 liberal t;0 days trial plan. Send for Free 100-page Book of Advice
 and endorsements (publication permitted) from grateful patrons in
 your own neighborhood. No obligation. Write today.

Dept. 28, CLUTHE SONS, Bloomfield, New |ersey
(Serving the Ruptured Since 1871)

START

$1260 to $2100 Year

 Get Ready
 Immediately
 Men—Women
 Neiv 40-hour week
 mean* many
 Postal jobs.

 Mail Coupon
 today sure.

     /"franklin lastltati. Dept. 6-2B3, Rochester, N. T.

    k Sirs: Rush to me without charge (1)
    ^ 32-page book with list of IT. S. Govern-
    ment liig I'aid jobs. (2) Tell me im-
    ^ mediately how to get one of these jobs.

j Name.............................

/ Address ............................. <

RAILROAD PICTURES

Superior Photographs for Discriminating Picture
Collectors and Model Builders

Send for Our Big Free Catalog
H. 0. BAILEY STUDIOS

811 Cherry Street	Philadelphia, Pa.

rocr ANATOMY CHART—CHOICE OF EITHER
I* KtC GONDOLA CAR or HOPPER COAL CAR

With Every Part of Car Numbered—Ideal for Modelmakers

To every one sending now for our new Book •'ELEMENTS OF
DIESEL ENGINEERING." we are sending without extra cost one
of these valuable charts. The purpose of the new book is to help
prepare men to enter the wide field created by the use of Diesel
Engines. Contains questions and answers—450 pages (6"x9 )-—-
284 111.—Price $4.00 postpaid. Write today for Book and state
choice of FREE CHART.

NORMAN R. HENLEY CO., 2 West 45th St., N- Y, City

■WANTED!

      Men and women to become
      EXPERT PHOTOGRAPHERS

 An interesting, artistic, money-making career awaits you in this fast
 crowing field. Instruction by world famous experts in every branch of
 Professional and Amateur photography. Earn while learning. Per-
 sonal Attendance and Home Study courses. 26th year. FREE booklet.
 NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF PHOTOGRAPHY
 ID West 33 Street (Dept. 80) New York

E A PA55ENGER

Traffic Inspector

 A Good Position Will Be Ready for You
 RELIABLE, TRAINED MEN-19 to 60 '

—wanted now as Railway and Bu»

                   PamsenQtr Traffic In^psctor*. Short,
                   home-etudy course qualifies you and	—

                   upon completion, we placa you at up to S18& per month, plus
                   expenses, to etart, or refund tuition. Rapid Advancement with
                   experience. Free Booklet outlinea our 17-yr record. Writ<>

                   Standard Business Training Institute. Dir. 5004. Buffalo. N. X

CHEAP OIL BURNER INVENTED

           COOKS A MEAL FOR LESS
 Slips Into Your Stove, Range or Furnace; Hotter and Cheaper Than
 Coal or Wood; No Dirt or Ashes; HALF THE COST

 An amazing new type oil burner which experts and 25,000 users
 sty beats any ever gotten out. burns cheap oil a new way. without
 pre-generating or clogging up; gives quick intense heat at HALF
 COST by turn of valve. One free to one person in each locality
 who will demonstrate and act as agent. Write quick, be first to
 learn how to end drudgery of coal and wood and make big money,
 spare or full time—mail lc postcard today to United Factories
 D-617 Factory Bldg.. Kansas City. Mo._

  No Joke To Be Deaf

            -Every deaf person knows that—

                   Mr. Way made himself hear his watch tick after
                   I being deaf for twenty-five years, with his Arti-
                   ficialEar Drums He wort them day and night*

                 .They stopped his head
                 noises. They are invisible
                 andcomfortable.nowires i
                 or batteries. Write for *

            TRUE STORY. Also
            booklet on Deafness.

                 THE WAY COMPANY___

              728 Hofmann Bldff.	Detroit, Michigan

rtiAoial Ear Drum

2
m£MG THE
toON PIKE

            tj J. tASLEy

 THE £100. THE UNION
 PACIFICS ONLY ELECTRIC
 LOCOMOTIVE. (DRAWW
 FROM PHOTO BV
 H.P.BAVNE, 1660
 SHATTO ST.,
 LOS AN6ELES)

      THIS WJND-DRIVEN LOCO-
 MOTIVE MODEL 15 USED AS A
 WEATHER VANE ON THE L.VN.
 FREIGHT HOUSE AT LONDON, KY
 3H£ VMS BUI1T BY GEO. SlITTON
 AND WM. BARNES, L.&.N.
 EMPLOYES. HER DRIVERS
 REVOLVE WHEN THE WIND
 BLOWS

  GLORIA ROBERTSON, OF UPPER DOVER, NEW
  BRUNSW/fK, WON $/0O FIRST PRIZE IN
  "MOST BEAUTIFUL MAPLE LEAF" CONTF.5T
  CONDUCTED JOINTLY BY CA/MDIAN TMVEL
  BUREAU, C.N.R. AND C.P. R. SHE IS A
  /VfECE OF C. P. R. BRAKEMAN FRED 5EARLE,
  OF WINNIPEG. THE CONTEST
  3TIMULATED VISITS
  TO MAPLE WOODS
  BV RAILWAY

 BELOW: VIEW OF PINEDALE.
 WVO., WHICH CLAIMS TO
 BE FARTHEST FROM A
 RAILROAD OF AN/ TOWN
 IN THE U.S.A. IT IS
 J05 MILES FROM
 THE U.P.

 ILLINOIS CENTRAL DEPOT AT OSYKA, MISS., IS SAID TO BE
 AMERICA’S ONLY RAILROAD STATION WITH A BEJJ. 7OWER.FOR
 68 YEARS l.C. AGENTS HAVE RUNG- THIS BEli- DAILY AT '
 JJ /*A». A AID IN CASE. OF FIRE —IN

RETURN FOR. WHICH TWEV ARE
EXEMPTED FROM STREET TAX

3
    Whisky and Women around a Construction
    Camp Just Didn't Mix with Good Railroading

By EDMUND E. PUGSLEY

                  Freight Conductor, British Columbia Electric Railway

T took men of hickory to
 work that fourteen miles of
 4.5 grade on the Big Hill.
 Hickory clubs, hickory arms,
 hickory hearts.

 If you had those three qualifications
—and a sober engineer at the throttle—
you stood an even chance of reaching
the bottom, where the Kicking Horse
Pass sweeps the base of Mount Ste-
phen. With one or more of those miss-
ing—well, there was always some one

like “ Holy Hugh ” Whiteley to chant
“ Thy Kingdom Come ” at the little
graveyard when Father Pat happened
to be on other service across the Divide.

  Reports differ on the number of men
who went to Glory via the Big Hill
route. And there’s many others evaded
the call by a tie width, or maybe by one
of the set of switchbacks they had to
install to hurl runaway trains up a side
hill when they disdained speed limits.

  For sheer fool’s luck the buckskin

4
THE BIG HILL

5

medal must go to Eric Judson—the
toughest young hogger that ever
burned iron on the Kicking Horse
Pass.

  Some say it wasn’t all Eric’s fault
that he went wild like that. They in-
sinuate that any other official but
Whiteley wouldn’t have been riding up
and down the hill looking for trouble
with a telescope. Any other official
would have sized up the young giant
for what he actually was—just a devil-
may-care lad with a hickory physique.
But from the moment Superintendent
Whiteley knocked the flask of rye from
Eric’s hand one sub-zero night while
he was holding it to the mouth of his
trapped fireman, the two men were
confirmed enemies.

  “No liquor on this road, Judson!”
Whiteley warned.

  There was work to do if poor Lem
Kingston was to be released before
freezing to death. That fact alone
saved Hugh Whiteley from all the
beatings his parents had denied him

wrapped in one. As it was, Eric seized
the blustering official by the shoulder
and whirled him around, his eyes glint-
ing in the pale moonlight.

  “ Don’t ever do a thing like that
again, Mr. Whiteley 1” Eric’s words
were pitched so low that only the help-
less fireman heard them. But there-
after Whiteley “rode ” the young engi-
neer only from a safe distance.

  In its crude way, the incident proved
a blessing for Lem Kingston that bit-
terly cold night. For it seemed to stir
a strength in the Judson frame for-
merly unknown—a strength that would
not be denied. Eric strode around the
overturned cab and set his strong legs
astraddle the victim, calling hoarsely to
the others:
6

RAILROAD STORIES

  “ Two of you git hold of Lem! No,
you fools, not that way! Now, when
I heave, pull him clear!”

  Then he burrowed his feet to solid
bottom, gripped the cab frame of the
little engine, and heaved. At first only
the creaking of strained wood could
be heard above the labored breathing
of Eric Judson. Those watching saw
the cords of his thick neck bulge, while
a bead of sweat formed and froze on
his forehead.

  Then slowly the cab was seen to
raise. One inch. Two.

  Lem groaned anew and squirmed.
Only a deep growl from the throat of
the straining giant brought the two
brakemen’s eyes from Eric’s face back
to their task. Then they pulled on the
victim, and at length freed him from
the death trap.

  Eric released his hold, and straight-
ened his great back. Then he turned
and brushed aside the brakemen. A
moment later he had lifted the groan-
ing fireman in his arms like a child
and was striding with him through the
snow to the warmth of the caboose.

  It wasn’t till they had bandaged
Kingston’s broken ribs and made him
as easy as possible, that Eric asked to
have his own right hand dressed. The
hand he presented was like raw meat,
burned from contact with the boiler
when the broken rail turned them over.

  Superintendent Whiteley stood
wat"hing, an odd light in his eyes. That
might have sidetracked the feud before
it started, if the other man hadn’t been
so impulsive.

  But when the .last crude knot was
tied in his bandage, Eric turned to meet
the official’s stare. Then he strode to
the little locker where refreshments
were kept, lifted up a quart bottle of
whisky, planted his feet wide and, with
a devilish twinkle in his dark eyes,

cried out: “ Here’s to our holy man,
boys! To Holy Hugh Whiteley!”

  For a minute there was silence in
the caboose, except a gurgle and swish
from the fiery liquor now disappear-
ing behind the young giant’s beard.

  Then came a scuffle of feet as White-
ley jerked open the rear door and
.leaped from the car to fade into the
night down the snow-strewn way,
bound for help.

  The strain relaxed. Loud guffaws
escaped from the dumfounded train-
men. And from that moment the pious
official who stood for Rule G even in
emergency was known throughout the
Kicking Horse as “Holy Hugh ”
Whiteley. Thus are nicknames born
on the iron road.

1ET it be said in Whiteley’s favor
-^that he took no advantage of that
scene of deliberate insubordination.
But within the week bulletins appeared
from Gleichen on the prairies to the
end of steel on the Kicking Horse,
warning of summary discharge for the
offense of drinking whisky while on
the job of .laying Van Horne’s Cana-
dian Pacific steel to the West Coast.

  Moderate drinkers softly cursed
Holy Hugh and Engineer Judson in
turn for this encroachment on per-
sonal liberty. Others nodded their
satisfaction and sided with Whiteley.

                                                                  *

Maybe some could take their liquor
discreetly, they admitted, but the Big
Hill was no respecter of persons. Who
could tell when a pint of booze might
be a pass to Glory, for innocent as well
as guilty?

  So most of them sipped their liquor
cautiously, if at all, while on duty. But
Eric drank recklessly. Yet always
Dame Luck rode beside him, warding
off disaster, eluding the sharp eyes of
Holy Whiteley.
THE BIG HILL

7

  The winter of 1883 and ’84 dragged
through with only desultory move-
ments of camp supplies. In early
spring, however, the West came alive
from the Lakes to the Pacific, with the
sudden bedlam of a duck march at
daybreak.

  William Cornelius Van Horne had
passed the word that the year 1885
should see the last spike driven on the
main line. It must be the victorious
spike that would bind the scattered
provinces of Canada with a three-
thousand-mile bond of steel. The Brit-
ish Columbians had set their hopes on
this long-promised link with their
kinfolks east of the Rockies, and Van
Horne would not fail them.

  Fail? There was no such word in
the vocabulary of William Van Horne.
He had contracted to build a railway
to the Pacific. That contract must be
fulfilled.

  Back East in the financial markets
Van Horne knew the fight that his
promoters were waging. Pushed to
the wall were George Stephen and
Donald Smith, pushed by the subtle
tactics of enemies and doubtful friends.

  Already pay cars were arriving late,
and rumors of rebellion in the North-
west were creeping around. There was
only one way to spike these emissaries
of death—drive on to meet Onderdonk
in the Fraser and Thompson valleys.
Hammer down that last spike. Finish
the job!

  Came orders from the Far West that
sent cold shivers up and down the spine
of the harried keeper of the exchequer,
Thomas Shaughnessy. Men, five thou-
sand of them. Horses, two or three
thousand. Rails—ties—spikes—dyna-
mite—food for men and feed for
horses—trains of material and sup-
plies ! On with the job! Pacific or
perish!

  All of this meant money, as the three
S’s knew well: Shaughnessy, Stephen
and Smith. Millions. Supplies must
be paid for. Men must have wages.

  And when they collect the wages and
relax from their long hours of toil and
danger, these same men desire enter-
tainment. This has been the law of
nature since the world began. It is not
good for man to be alone.

  The Canadian Pacific management
was not concerned with problems of
entertainment. These were left to pri-
vate enterprise. Thus it came about
that a group of dance-hall girls of un-
certain age followed the steel trail with
enticing silks and perfume and ravish-
ing smiles, shepherded by one “Queen ”
Helen from Montreal.

  Helen was uncommonly beautiful,
with penetrating dark eyes and a
cheery personality. Unlike the other
girls, she did not wear gaudy attire.

  With all of her charm, Helen was
shrewd and efficient. Evidently she had
a good reason for coming to a con-
struction camp. Some of the men sur-
mised she was drawn by love of money.
Eric Judson guessed it was love of ad-
venture. Maybe it was both. Maybe
it was just plain love.

WHITELEY was out on the line
to the west when the girls arrived
on a mixed train. So by the time he
returned two or three days later, Queen
Helen had her flock well established in
a big tent at the fringe of the camp.

  Holy Hugh shot an interrogative
glance toward the white canvas and
inquired who the new citizens might
be. When informed, he emitted a bull-
like bellow and charged up along the
dirt trail. Then he ordered out an en-
gine with a couple of box cars to stand
bv for a quick trip eastward. Again
he strode over to the big tent.
8

RAILROAD STORIES

  Reports of that brief interview be-
tween Holy Hugh Whiteley, big boss
of the Kicking Horse, and Queen
Helen of the dance-hall troupe, are
conflicting. But this much is agreed:

  The super returned almost imme-
diately and annulled the order for the
box-car extra. His face was a puzzled
gray against sandy whiskers, while his
eyes bore a haunted expression.

  He had marched straight to the main
tent flap and snatched it open, accord-
ing to the story told by Eric Judson,
roaring two words: “ Get out!” Then
the Queen had appeared. No words
were spoken after that one peremptory
order. Just two pairs of eyes fixed on
each other. And after that the holy
man was seen in full retreat.

  Rumor was rife for several weeks,
but nothing definite could be learned.
The lady from Montreal evaded ques-
tions. She remained undisturbed in
her newly appointed lair, boarding up
the sides, arranging the interior, the
dance floor, and the piano for the free-
for-all singing.

  Yes, and taking money—always tak-
ing money from the eager, lonely men.
Yet none could say that Helen of Mon-
treal was hard. For no man was de-
nied admission to her big tent before
pay day, nor turned away for lack of
cash so long as he conducted himself
in a reasonably sober manner.

AS was inevitable—with seething ac-
tivity of hundreds of men tearing
their way through rock and mud,
through timber and tangled brush, hur-
dling gaping canyons and boiling riv-
ers, gambling with death and danger—
some were lost, either temporarily or
permanently.

  For the former a crude log build-
ing was fitted up as a hospital at the
Kicking Horse Camp. And to this hos-

pital came another girl from Montreal.
Her name was Jane Gilmore.

  Miss Gilmore was a nurse, small and
slender, with blond hair and eyes of
blue. Like the lady in the big tent, she
was amazingly capable. But in other
respects the two women were as dif-
ferent as the snow-capped mountain
peak is unlike the soft, luscious, green-
timbered valley.

  Each, however, served a useful pur-
pose and served it well. Miss Gilmore
dealt in broken bodies, Queen Helen in
hungry hearts. And each thrived in
her own field.

  The Big Hill had its attractions for
the hickory men who rode it. True, it
was the bottle neck to the Kicking
Horse and the great West beyond, and
as such it bore the burden of traffic.
But always there were hours of enter-
tainment in the big tent at the bottom
of the hill to compensate for the hours
they gambled with Glory, easing ton-
nage down with hand brakes, binding,
loosing, and binding again against hot
wheels—a continuous chain of walking
the train top, dropping off to grab the
rear and then walking ahead again.

  Holy Hugh Whiteley knew of the
attractions in the big tent, of course,
and furrowed his brow day and night
to frustrate them. He would not rest
content till he had cleared out Queen
Helen and her scarlet crew.

  Meanwhile, whenever he could find
equipment, the super doubled a down
crew back up the hill again, ignoring
the hours of service these men had
already given.

  No organization could say him nav.
No overtime clause penalize his pay
roll. What was a little cruelty to a
man’s body when the damnation of his
soul was at stake?

  Soon, if his recommendations to the
general management were accepted,
THE BIG HILL

9

these agents of Satan would be driven
from the hills and his men could live
the austere lives they ought.

  So Eric Judson and the other rail-
roaders turned their engines and
started back up the long climb, cursing
the fate that had placed a stern Puritan
in charge of an iron pike.

TRAINS were becoming heavier
each trip with the rapid increase
in traffic. And repairs to brakes and
equipment were but a desultory busi-
ness at best. Protests often made to
Mr. Whiteley got little satisfaction.

  “ I know you fellows,” he said to
Judson. “ Anything to get a tie-up
down here where you can spend your
time and pay checks in that hell-hole!
It costs money to hold a train down
heve while every little bolt and nut is
inspected. Next thing you men will
be wanting some of those new-fangled
air brakes put on the cars so you won’t
have to bend your lazy backs!”

  Eric came back at him : “ That’s just
what we’ll be after, boss—these air
brakes—just as soon as we can get a
conference with Mr. Van Horne.”

  “ You’ll never get them,” Holy
Hugh retorted. “ Why, it would take
a fortune to fit all our freight cars with
such fool contraptions. Even then you
couldn’t depend on them. As for meet-
ing Mr. Van Horne, if you fellows
want to lose your jobs, just you go
wasting his time asking for that.”
Eric scratched a sulphur match and
watched its blue flame slowly ignite the
wood before applying it to his pipe.

  “ Did you ever try to figure out what
it would cost if we had a real bad spill
on that there Glory Hill?” he drawled
between puffs.

  “ No, and I don’t intend to,” said
Whiteley. “ It just hadn’t better hap-
pen, that’s all.”

  Eric turned away in disgust.

  “ If it happens at all,” he growled
to himself, “ I only hope it’s when
you’re riding, boss. Then maybe you’ll
O.K. them switchbacks.”

  Soon after that the train pulled out
and headed up the hill, three engines
with a drag of empties. Sullen eyes
of the superintendent followed them
thoughtfully till they disappeared
around the bend.

  They were weary men when they
reached the divide, hoping for a night’s
sleep before pinching another drag
down the Glory Hill. But life was not
like that for the crews on the end of
steel that summer. There was work to
do, plenty of it. Gaps of many miles
still remained to be closed to the west-
ward before frost and snow made Van
Horne’s plan impossible.

  Instead of sleep, Eric Judson and
“ Ginger ” O’Hagan, his conductor,
were handed a solid train of steel rails
—the heaviest they had yet handled
down the Big Hill. The other two en-
gines went on to meet more freight at
Calgary.

  It wa: a cool August evening, such
as only nigh altitudes know after hot
days. Tired though they were, the crew
went about their work whistling short
snatches of airs recently heard pounded
out on the piano in Helen’s big tent.

  Eric got down to help examine the
train thoroughly for defects, and Gin-
ger met him coming back.

  “ I don’t see what you want hand-
brakes back here for, anyway, Jud-
son,” the conductor bantered, “ with
all that brass on your new' six-
wheeler.”

“ You’ll know, me bucko, before you
get down to Glory tonight,” said the
hogger. “If you ask me, we’ve got
just about twice the tonnage we need.”
Ginger scowled. “ That’s what I told
10

RAILROAD STORIES

the dispatcher, but he said it was Holy
Hugh’s orders.”

THE stars were twinkling when
they got started. And once around
the bend from Summit, the hickory
clubs came into steady action. One
man started forward setting hand-
brakes on every other car. Soon the
next man followed, releasing the set
brake and binding another. When the
first man reached the head end he
dropped off, caught the van and started
forward again with the same routine.

  Ginger O’Hagan watched casually
for a while from his crow’s nest, wait-
ing for the real grade when he would
step down and take a turn himself.

  Eric kept an eagle eye behind, too.
He could see sparks wearing from the
shoes as they pushed around the curves.
They reminded him of a set of pin-
wheel fireworks like he used to play
with on Dominion Day. It was all very
pretty in the dark, so long as those
wheels didn’t get too hot.

  At Half Way he called for all brakes
set while they stopped to cool wheels.
Three lanterns waved him ahe^d again
long before he was convinced they
should go. But at last he released his
engine, and with a lunge the steel-
weighted drag came down and boosted
him around the first curve. Again the
lanterns bobbed and the hickory clubs
jammed brakes against screaming
wheels.

  They were heading into the big bend
now. In a mile or so they’d make Yoho
and the worst would be over.

  Eric peered at the track ahead, a
song on his lips. His fireman, Len
Kingston, now fully recovered from
injuries inflicted by the overturned en-
gine, got down to heave in some cord-
wood.

  They dodged through a rock cut.

Eric thrust out his head. They seemed
to be gaining speed rapidly, and the
real grade was still ahead. He peered
back to see Ginger O’Hagan’s lantern
coming out from the caboose and
across the arches of steel-loaded flat
cars.

  He saw a brakeman fumble for a sill
step on the second car back and finally
drop off into the night. The brake-
man’s lantern seemed to sail through
the air and disappear. Apparently they
were short one man now, just when
they needed all hands!

  Eric stood up and yanked the whistle
one long, sharp warning. Then he
yelled across at his fireman:

  “Grab your hickory, Lem! We’re
rolling to Glory any time now!”

  Lem needed no urging. He .leaped
for his club and scrambled back over
the cordwood tender.

  No more time was spent in releasing
brakes. It was set them hard—all of
them—as light as hickory muscle and
hickory club could set them against
rolling iron—and leave them set, hot
wheels or no hot wheels.

  There was no choice now. The Grim
Reaper was waiting for them down
around the bend, waiting with that ter-
rible grin which so many railroaders
have seen for a brief memorable mo-
ment.

  According to Ginger O’Hagan’s ver-
sion of it, the Devil himself had slipped
aboard that night at Half Way with
a whole flock of little red imps, “ for
iviry blissed brake beam in the infer-
nal drag!” So what could mere man
do with a load like that? “Every
wheel was a whirlin’ hoop of red-hot
hell when we hit that Yoho bend,” he
testified.

  The valley of the Kicking Horse
roared with the din of a million dem-
ons during those few minutes till half
THE BIG HILL

11

a thousand tons of steel plunged over
into the gulch below Yoho, pulling
Eric’s new brass-trimmed engine over
with it.

  Neither Eric nor his fireman were
aboard at the time. For they, like Gin-
ger O’Hagan, had elected to desert the
narrow confines of the rail for the
wide open spaces up there where a
gravel fill gave them a gambler’s chance
against old Glory.

  The brakeman missed the gravel.

DOWN in the camp at Kicking
Horse they heard the din. The
chatter and music at Helen’s Place was
hushed. Talk in lone cabins ceased as
if by magic. Men and women stepped
out into the coo.l summer night to lis-
ten, staring at each other, while strong
faces blanched and scalps crinkled.

  Holy Hugh heard it also. When fi-
nally the awful crash climaxed the
thunder of wheels and the night was
hushed again, he shook himself and
roared hoarsely for a crew.

  Up the hill they went, the little re-
lief train with only a freight caboose
and two cars of general outfit for help.

  The camp doctor was down the river
attending a call beyond the end of steel
where a powder man had permitted his
discretion to relax. Father Pat had
gone along with him. But Nurse Gil-
more, prim and capable, came from the
tiny hospital, hugging an armful of
first-aid equipment.

  Just as the mercy train was about to
start there appeared another woman,
Queen Helen. She, too, carried a bun-
dle, and moved toward the caboose step
with an appealing gesture. Holy Hugh,
standing fretfully while waiting for a
reply from the dispatcher at Summit,
saw the newcomer and waved her
coldly back.

  “ No!” he barked.

“ But I can help the poor boys,”
Helen pleaded, “ if they’re still alive.”
“ No, I said!” the superintendent re-
peated sternly. “ We have a nurse. Go
back—to your den of iniquity!”

  He swung up the step and reached
down for a message the operator was
passing. Helen ran to the front end of
the caboose and tossed up her bundle
to the platform.

  Whiteley was waving a signal to go
ahead. The engine snorted loudly and
moved away, but those remaining on
the platform distinctly heard the voice
of Queen Helen raised in prophetic
tone:

  “ Some day, Hugh Whiteley, you’ll
be glad of my help!”

  Neither the Queen nor Holy Hugh
knew just how soon that prophesy was
to be fulfilled.

T) Y the flicker of lanterns they gath-
ered the crew of the steel train up
along the .line—one here, another there,
a third yet farther along. It was slow
work and painful, with only the oil
headlight to show the rails and nothing
beyond.

  More so was it slow in the case of
finding the brakeman—whose light had
gone out in more ways than one. The
brakeman made no sound to call them
to him. Over his mangled body they
spread one of the sheets from the bun-
dle which Helen had tossed aboard,
and then bent their energies to relieve
the suffering of those still alive.

  When they found Eric Judson, leg
shattered, ribs fractured and body a
mass of bruises, Holy Hugh bent close
to his face and sniffed keenly of Eric’s
labored breathing.

  The engineer stifled a groan and
muttered: “ Too bad, boss! You can’t
charge it up to whisky this time. How
about those switchbacks now?”
12

RAILROAD STORIES

  Holy Hugh stood up and signalled
for a stretcher. Without waiting to
help, he went on to the others. Lem
Kingston got off with a broken arm,
while Ginger O’Hagan escaped frac-
tures but exposed a tattered shirt and
a body of torn skin and bruises.

  The super, pious and energetic, was
not interested in bruises just now.
Once within range of Ginger’s cursing
breath, he jerked out his notebook and
made grim notations. He had found
what he wanted.

  Conductor O’Hagan’s services were
summarily dispensed with the follow-
ing day, and another accident was
charged up to the demon Alcohol.

  Meanwhile, in the caboose the deft
hands of Jane Gilmore had set and
bandaged Eric’s injuries. Suddenly
he caught a glance from the nurse’s
eyes. And there he kept his gaze until
she felt it and flushed. From that
moment the soul of Eric Judson was
entirely at the feet of the blonde from
Montreal.

  Eric was like that. Women had
never meant much in his impulsive,
strenuous life. He had met but few
of them, and most of these in Queen
Helen’s, place. But their type didn’t
appeal to his nature. They treated all
men alike so .long as the price was
forthcoming. And they drank liquor.
Eric didn’t like women who drank.

  But this other girl, this nurse, was
quite different. So down at the camp
hospital, with little else to do but look
about him while his wounds were heal-
ing, Eric fixed his attention on the
graceful form and sweet face of Jane
Gilmore.

  By the time he could leave his bed,
the hogger knew from her lips that
Superintendent Whiteley rated him a
hard drinker, and that she, Jane Gil-
more, disapproved of whisky. That,

the patient assured her, was soon rem-
edied. He’d climb aboard the water
wagon. It was a pi'omise.

  Jane smiled at his impulsiveness,
then blushed at the reason. Thereafter
^tric Judson .lay dreaming of a cabin
in the Rockies which he would build,
perhaps here in the Kicking Horse,
perhaps further on next year when steel
stretched through to the Fraser. And
always in that cabin waiting for him
when he slid down from bis engine at
the end of his run, was the golden-
haired Jane.

  The days passed swiftly for Eric
after that. The boys came to see him
and to talk of the progress of steel to
the West. They spoke of Van Horne
storming up and down the line, de-
manding more and more action. Of
Holy Hugh and his apparent deter-
mination to take revenge on all men
involved in the steel-train runaway, and
on all men discovered drinking on
duty. Of the delayed pay car and
gossip about the road going broke.

  The visitors surreptitiously brought
red-eye for the patient and stared in
amazement at his refusal.

  “ Never again, boys!” Eric declared,
and he seemed to mean it.

  “ So Holy Hugh has got you buf-
faloed, Eric?” they laughed.

  The hogger’s eyes softened as they
swept across the wide room to fasten
on the white-capped nurse.

  “ No,” he drawled quietly. “ Holy
Jane Gilmore.”

  They left him soon after that, star-
ing oddly at each other. Judson, they
decided, had been injured elsewhere
than in his leg. Too bad a man like
Eric!

THE frosts came early that year.
Snow powdered the high ground
in late September. The Pass grew
THE BIG HILL

13

steadily busier until it seemed they
could never handle all the traffic.

  Holy Hugh’s worries, too, grew
with the increasing freight moving to-
ward end of steel. The little camp at
the base of Mount Stephen was a
young city of seething activity, a rail-
way yard as well as a clearing house
for graders of all nationalities. Queen
Helen’s canvas palace thrived as only
such places can thrive in a construction
boom.

  Eric was walking with a cane now
and hoping to get back on his engine
soon. Runners were scarce. Besides,
he needed the money if his plans
worked out.

  The patient was limbering his leg
with a brisk walk one evening at dark
when he met the call boy.

  “ Seen anything of Kingston?” the
lad inquired.

  Eric hadn’t, but he knew where Lem
would be so long as he had a dime.
The caller was new or he’d have
known, too. So he sent him up the trail
to the big top where all the music was.

  Five minutes later Eric met the boy
hurrying back alone, and asked, “ Get
him ?”

  “ No! Kingston won’t come.”
  “What did he say?”

  “Say?” retorted the youth. “Just
about everything there was to say, I
reckon.”

  Eric grinned. That would be Lem,
all right. “ What are you going to do
about it—call another man?”

  “ Nope! There ain’t no more. I
gotta go tell Mr. Whiteley.”

  The boghead checked the caller with
the crook of his cane. “ Don’t do that.
Listen! Come on back with me. I
know him better than you do.”

  At Helen’s Place, Lem greeted his
comrade boisterously and proffered a
drink. “ No Glory Hill for me to-

night, Eric ! Have a drink—and to hell
with Holy Hugh.”

  Eric waved the glass aside. “ Don’t
be a damn fool, Lem. You’re going
out tonight. They need you. There’s
no one to take your place.”

  “ No,” said the fireman. “ Gonna
stay right here at Queen Helen’s.
Can’t be beat, Eric. Have a drink?”

  “ You’ll get fired if you don’t come
along,” his friend warned.

  The Queen came to add her argu-
ment to Eric’s. “ Better go to work
tonight, Lem. Come back again later.
No work, no pay, you know.” She
smiled. Her pretty teeth sparkled and
the black eyes flashed alluringly.
“ Come on, be a good boy!”

  Lem stared until this seeped through.
Then he nodded. “ Thass right,
Queenie! You’re always right. Bring
another bottle.”

  “ Not now,” Eric protested. “ You’ve
had enough for tonight. Let’s go!”

  “ No, you take a drink,” Lem urged.
“ I’m not drinking,” the hogger said
crisply, “ and you know it.”

  “You’re what?” cackled the fire-
man. “ Yuh won’t drink with me since
you sit with that nurse gal. Helen’s
gals ain’t good enough for you any
more, heh?”

  The Queen ignored this insult. Eric-
scowled but held his temper. At length
he ventured:

  “ Listen, Lem, I’ll have one drink if
you promise to come along to work.
What say?”

  “ Sure, Eric, sure! Get him a glass,
Helen. Great old boy Eric is, none
better!”

  The drinks came. Eric swallowed
one as he had promised. Then he took
the fireman by an arm and led him out
of the tent. The call boy joined them
outside.

  They were a strange trio as they
14

RAILROAD STORIES

lurched down the trail, Eric shuffling
stiffly, one hand on his cane. And then,
at the bend in the trail, it happened.
They met head-on, Jane Gilmore, out
for an evening stroll. The nurse sprang
back , with a gasp of surprise and dis-
appointment.

  “Oh, Eric!” she exclaimed. Then
she did a queer, unladylike thing. She
turned and ran.

  In a weird daze the big hoghead got
Lem to his engine and waited till he
was safely at work. Then he headed
back to the hospital. Jane was there,
busy, and met him coldly. He told her
the truth of his visit to Helen’s, with-
holding only the drink he took.

  She turned, uncertainty in her
glance, to study him. He pressed closer.
Then she caught the fumes of his
breath, that lone drink at the big tent.
Fury and scorn swept across the girl’s
face.

  “ So you lied to me, Mr. Judson!”
she accused. “ You’ve been drinking
again. I might have known it.”

  “ But I—” Eric began.

“ Well, I don’t mind,” she cut in.
“ I don’t care if I never see you again.”
Once more Jane Gilmore ran from
him and slammed the door of her room
behind her.

  Eric went out then, striding savagely
along toward the station. There he met
Holy Hugh.

  “ How long do you expect to lay
around, Judson?” the super asked
pointedly. “ You look all right to me.”
Eric said : “ Is my engine ready?”
Holy Hugh gulped. “ No, not ex-
actly tonight, but I like your spirit.
You can go west to end of steel in the
morning.”

  “ I’ll go!” Eric snapped.

  He wheeled around to limp away.
But he didn’l return to the hospital.
Nor to his bunkhouse. For bitter

words were still ringing in his ears:
“ I don’t care if I never see you again.”

ERIC didn’t show up for his engine
west that next morning. Nor did
he the following morning. Finally on
the third afternoon, he came roaring
drunken defiance at Holy Hugh. And
the superintendent, a light of unholy
glee in his eyes, delivered the verdict:
“You’re fired, Judson! I’ve been
waiting for this chance these many
days. Get off the railroad!”

  Eric glared at the somber-faced offi-
cial. A small group of trainmen gath-
ered to listen in.

  “ Go on, you whisky soak, do you
hear me?” Holy Hugh thundered.
“ Get off the railroad! Go back to your
Jezebel and her den!”

  Eric stalked forward to thrust a fist
under the Puritan’s nose. “ You talk-
ing about Miss Gilmore, mister?”

  . Whiteley backed off. “ No, you
fool! I’m talking about that—that per-
son over there !” He pointed a shaking
hand toward the tent which flaunted
its white canvas to the skies. “ That’s
where you belong. Go back there, I say,
and tell the woman of sin that I sent
you!”

  Eric dropped his fist uncertainly and
lurched away. Holy Hugh watched a
moment, then flung after him :

  “And as for that nurse—you keep
your drunken self away from her en-
tirely! Understand, Judson?”

  Eric’s stupor seemed to leave him
cold. He whirled about and stamped
back, again shaking his huge fist under
the nose of the superintendent.

  “ That goes for both of us, White-
ley!” he threatened. “ If I ever hear
of you touching a hair of that girl’s
head I’ll come back to camp and tear
you apart. Do you get that?”

  Holy Hugh did not reply. He didn’t
THE BIG HILL

15

need to. His face betrayed quite clear-
ly that he understood.

WHEN the mixed train started up
the big hill next morning for
points east, it had two passengers, a
man and a woman. They were Eric
Judson and Queen Helen.

  The woman had been informed of a
new tariff on liquor that would spell
finis to her p.lace. She knew where to
lay the blame for this. And now she
was heading east to have it counter-
manded. In a satchel at her feet Helen
carried a large sum of money for de-
posit in the bank at Calgary.

  Idly Eric noted men scattered about
the station and yards as he waited for
the train to start. More men than he
had ever seen before. And they were
still coming.

  He caught snatches of talk about the
pay car. He noticed a sign calling for
a meeting that morning. Here and
there groups of men talked .loudly and
profanely, berating Mr. Van Horne
and George Stephen. Also Donald
Smith and Holy Hugh Whiteley.
Whenever Whiteley’s name was men-
tioned they glared across the tracks to
the window marked “ Superintendent.”

  But Eric was too melancholy to
bother with such things. He had called
at the hospital for his clothes, had se-
cured them, laundered and wrapped,
without so much as a glimpse at his
former nurse.

  He had come away with heavy feet
and sad heart, not noticing a shadow
behind the curtain, nor hearing the lit-
tle sob as his train gathered speed—
the train carrying Helen of Montreal
and Eric Judson.

  It was at Banff, fifty-five miles to the
east, that rumors of a riot stirred Eric’s
interest. An excited group was hud-
dled about the station door as the train

arrived at dusk. Lem Kingston was
there, firing now for “ Red ” Bisbee.
Eric plucked Lem’s arm to ask the
cause.

  “ It’s that mob of graders at the
camp,” said Lein. “ They’re wdld be-
cause the pay car don’t come. An’
Barney just wired through for the
Mounties, for they’re fixin’ to take it
out on Holy Hugh.”

  Eric snorted. “ Might be a good
thing for the railroad if they did,” he
answered. “ But that won’t bring the
pay car. Where’s it at now, anyway ?”
“ Don’t rightly know.” The fire-
man shook his head. “ Some say it
ain’t started yet. An’ there’s a lot o’
talk about the road goin’ broke again.
I can’t believe it myself, but—well,
what’s the delay if they got the
money ?”

  Eric shrugged. “ Search me! Maybe
it’s the Grand Trunk pulling political
strings or something. A lot those fat
boys care about us out here, or about
this country, either. Still, it don’t affect
me any more, Lem.”

  “ Too bad, Eric. An’ too bad if they
shut the pike down, too. So many peo-
ple dependin’ on her now.”

  “ You don’t think it’s as bad as
that?” Eric wanted to know.

  Just then a shout came from the
station door. The two comrades
crowded to hear the news.

  “ Barney says they smashed in Holy
Hugh’s office but they missed him,”
someone was announcing excitedly.
“ He slipped over to hide in the hos-
pital. They’ve found a keg of Helen’s
booze in the freight shed an’ busted
it open. There’ll be murder done down
there before they quit. An’ the pay car
out of Winnipeg, too. Just too late!”
A hand was pinching Eric’s arm.
He turned, but seemed not to see the
girl at his elbow.
16

RAILROAD STORIES

  “Just like the white-livered coyote
to sneak into the hospital!” muttered
the big engineer. “ Hiding behind a
lady’s skirts! Poor little Jane!”

  “ Eric!” the woman was begging at
his arm. “ What is it ? What’s happen-
ing at camp?”

  He stared at her and gave a rasping
laugh that made other men turn—men
who had heard that laugh before, when
things were happening.

  “ It’s my old friend, Holy Hugh,”
the hogger drawled. “ He’s meeting his
Maker tonight. But the skunk’s trying
to drag Jane along with him—do you
hear that, Helen?”

  He squeezed her arm till she squealed
with pain.

  “ What do you mean ?” demafuled
the Queen. “ Tell me, quick!”

  He told her while she clung to him,
clutching at his sleeve for support.
Then suddenly she jerked alive again.

  ' “ Eric! We must go back and save
Hugh—and Jane Gilmore. Do you
hear me, Eric?”

  He chuckled insanely. “ You and
me against a hundred and fifty men,
Helen! All drunk with your whisky.
A hundred and fifty savages after Holy
Hugh Whiteley. Hooray!”

  His face was hard and set. The
Queen eyed him curiously.

  “ We can do it, Eric,” she said.
“ Listen! They’re after money—their
pay, ain’t they? Well, we’ll go down
and pay them!”

  “ Sure!” he cried, pulling a ragged
dollar bill from his pocket. “ With
this. How much you got to go with it,
sweetie?”

  “ I’ve got just fifteen thousand in
that satchel,” she responded seriously.
“ That’s a hundred dollars each. It
ought to satisfy them till the pay car
comes, don’t you think?”

  “ You—you’ve what?”

  “ Fifteen thousand,” Helen repeated
tensely. “ I was taking it to the bank
at Calgary.”

  “ And you’d do that—hand out all
that money to save the worthless skin
of a man like Whiteley. Why, he
wouldn’t even pay you back.”

  She nodded, avoiding his eyes. “ I’ll
take that chance, Eric—if you’ll help
me.”

  There came a shout from the office
then, and the hogger replied: “ The
wire’s down west of Summit. The
mob’s started their dirty work, sure
as shootin’!”

  “Eric!” The boss of the big tent
was pounding his chest now. “ You’ve
got to help. Think of that girl with
him in the hospital! Jane Gilmore.
Why, she and I used to go to school
together, back home in Montreal.
Think of all my poor girls, too!
There’s no telling what that gang will
do when they’re drunk! Please,
Eric ...”

  He nodded vigorously at last, pushed
her roughly from him and lunged for
the station office.

  To the agent there he commanded:
“ Get me the road, Boyle! Pm going
down to camp!”

  He was gone again, striding along
the platform for the 344, the only lo-
comotive within fifty miles—the one
coupled to the head end of the mixed
train.

  He snatched up the pin behind the
tender and leaped to the deck. A mo-
ment later the started engine was bark-
ing up to the passing track switch.

  Queen Helen was there waiting with
her satchel. Eric checked speed and
leaned down the ladder to sweep her
from her feet as he passed.

  Men gaped at the tableau, not realiz-
ing its import till the engine had again
passed out to the main line and was
THE BIG HILL

17

roaring away backward toward Sum-
mit with a third person climbing up
over the pilot, Lem Kingston.

  Only then did the agent come alive
and wire his dispatcher the news that
a crazy crew had captured the 344, and
was heading west under full steam,
running backward.

  “ They’re hell bent for Glory Hill
and camp right now, and they’ve got
that Helen woman in the cab, so you’d
better give them a clear board, for you
know Eric Judson.”

CRAWLING into the cab, Lem
Kingston swayed to the engineer's
side. “ You’re crazier’n a loon, but I
bad to comfe,” he yelled. “ What about
wood ?”

  “ You’re the taLlowpot now!” Eric
barked. “ Give us steam. Never mind
the wood!”

  He snapped open the last notch of
the throttle and sent the sturdy little
4-4-0 thundering up the long easy
grade. Then he left the window long
enough to guide his female passenger
to the seat behind him at the window,
stowing her satchel beneath.

  It was forty miles and a seven-hun-
dred-foot climb to Summit. Lem
tossed fuel sparingly into the firebox.
Once he pulled a flask from his pocket
and passed it to Eric. The engineer
took it and snapped out the cork. But
before it reached his mouth a soft hand
had pulled it away.

  Me turned around to face Helen.
The woman had her arm out the win-
dows pointing ahead. She made no at-
tempt to speak, but something in her
dark eyes told him what she meant.
Men were running amuck dowrn at the
foot of the Big Hill tonight—all with
whisky-clogged brains.

  Eric snatched the flask from her
other hand and flipped it away.

  Lem stared in bewilderment, then
went back to his wood pile. And pres-
ently, as he was tossing the last stick
of cordwood into the firebox, Eric
whistled shortly but sharply for Sum-
mit—and whistled through!

  The fireman peered out the window
in time to catch a little blur of lights.
Then Summit dropped behind. There
was nothing ahead but the Big Hill
and maybe the camp at its base. Or
maybe—Glory.

  Lem staggered to the other side. He
shouted: “ Now' 1 know you’re crazy!
We’re all outa wood an’ w-ater, too!”

  Eric drew in his head from the rush-
ing black wind. He flung back:
“ Whatcha want that stuff for, now ?
Never yet knew an engine to stall run-
ning dowrn hill!”

  “ But the air pump, idiot!” groaned
the fireman. “ How yah gonna work
that without steam? How yuh gonna
stop when yuh get there ?”

  Jack weaved a huge hand to the other
side. “ Go sit and rest! Wre’ll stop all
right—some place. Never knew' it to
fail!”

  With lips that muttered unheard
words, Lem finally obeyed. What else
could he do—except, perhaps, leap into
the cold night? Well, it was too late
now to do even that, with safety.

  Eric’s head went out again. The 344
rolled on, rocking and lurching madly.
Once he turned to the woman at his
back.

  “ You all right?” he yelled.

  Again he got his answer. It was a
hand out the window pointing ahead
and dow-n—down into the dark where
they were going, where anything might
be happening.

  “ Some dame!” he muttered. “ And
that coyote called her a—a Jessie Bell,
whatever that is. Tf he’s still alive. I’ll
make him eat those words. And by
18

RAILROAD STORIES

God, if Jane is hurt, I’ll finish the job
for those savages with my own hands!”

  The cab lurched around a curve and
straightened out again, leaping ahead
with bullet speed. Lem gripped his win-
dow desperately.

  “Roll on, chariot!” sang Eric Jud-
son, “ Roll on!”

THERE are many stories told of the
Big Hill. Of men who merely
glimpsed its shores to come back and
relate the experience. But Eric made
the ride that set a record for all time—
a ride into the very gates of Kingdom
Come and out again, with a woman,
Jezebel, aboard.

  A whisky-crazed mob heard him
down there, even above the tumult.
They paused from the business of bat-
tering in the stout door of the log hos-
pital, and listened. They waited for the
crash as they might wait for an hourly
charge of dynamite up in the pass.

  But the crash was not heard as they
expected. The thing, whatever it was,
came on and on. So they waited, and
listened, and wondered.

  Eric Judson, straining eyes out
across the tender, put his hand at last
to the air-brake valve to check their
speed. He had watched and nursed that
air, holding it for the last supreme
effort. Not a pound could be wasted.
Very soon the time would come.

  It came almost too suddenly. The
speeding comet straightened out on that
last long stretch while Eric was still
seeking a landmark in the blur of dark-
ness and leaping black objects. He
snapped on the brake with all he had,
and gripped it hard to wait results.
They came, swifter than he desired.

  A drunken grader had flopped a stub
switch leading back into a gravel spur.
The tender struck it and sailed through
the air. The drivers followed. And

all in a moment the sturdy 344 had
buckled on her side.

  Eric, at first sign of going, threw
back his arm for Helen of Montreal.
They went over together. He gathered
himself up, dazed and bleeding from a
gash in his cheek, to find that the
Queen’s foot was caught beneath the
cab frame. He tried to free her. She
screamed a little, and called out:

  “The satchel, Eric! Get it and run!
You may be in time yet!”

  He looked down at her there. He saw
the unnatural twist to her foot, knew it
was broken. But she only called:
“Run! Save Whiteley!”

  Lem came then, from where he had
doubled himself into a ball £nd rolled
down the bank.

  “ Get help and lift her out!” Eric or-
dered, and instantly he was off with
the satchel dangling at the end of one
of his long arms. In the satchel was
salvation money for Holy Hugh—from
his Jezebel.

  The hospital door went down as
Eric’s pile-driver blows cleared a way
to the front of the mob. Torches
lighted the weird scene. The engineer
ripped open the satchel and raised a
bundle of bank notes, to wave it before
their bleary eyes.

 “ Money, men! Money!” he
screamed. “ Do you see it! Money!
The pay car!”

  Those in front saw it and paused in
sudden fascination.

  “ Money!” Eric yelled again. “ The
pay car, I tell you!”

They passed the word back, and
again pushed forward. “ Pay! Pay!”
Eric thrust the money back into the
satchel and tossed it through the
broken door.

  “Stand back if you want it!” he
commanded. “ Go get your pay checks.
Line up at the station 1”
THE BIG HILL

19

MOBS are queer that way. They
had come to smash and to take
a human victim as sacrifice to a fancied
injustice. But here was something else
again. Here was money. And wasn’t
that what they wanted after all ? Sure
it was! Their pay.

  So they cheered and jostled and
wormed their way back toward the
station, fumbling in their pockets for
mislaid time checks.

  As Eric watched them melt away, a
hoarse voice intoned: “ In the name of
our Redeemer, Judson, where did you
drop from with all that money? Did
the pay car really come ?”

  Eric turned a cold face to pale Hugh
Whiteley.

  “ Yes,” he said. “It came—for you.
Take it, get over there and pay your
men before they start again. For, by
heaven I won’t stop them again!”

  “ But who sent it, Judson?”

  “ Who?” thundered the engineer.
“ You ask that? I’ll tell you who! It
was your—your Jessie Bell, or what-
ever you called her! That’s who it
was.”

  “ What! What’s that!” gasped the
super. “ You don’t mean—Helen?”

  “ 1 do. I mean just that.”

  Holy Hugh was taken aback. “ She—
she did that for me?”

  “ For you, yes,” sneered Eric. “ I
don’t know why.”

  The official, haggard of face, gripped
Eric’s arm. “Helen is my zuife, Jud-
son,” he confessed. “ I turned her out
because—I thought she did me wrong.
But I was wrong—and then I found
her here—”

  Eric twisted the groveling, pitiful
man around with a hickory grip. “ Go
tell her that! She’s yonder, under the
engine—and all because of you. If you
want your woman, go get her, now!”
Holy Hugh was gone then with a
staggering lope, moaning queer words
as he ran toward the railway yard, in
the wake of the mob.

  The hoghead was still staring after
him when another voice—a soft, gentle
voice—spoke at his elbow:

  “ That was good advice, Eric.”

  He whirled to look down at Jane Gil-
more. Crazy thoughts were tumbling
about in his crazy young brain.

  “ Which advice ?” he murmured.

  “ The advice you gave Mr. White-
ley,” said the blonde from Montreal.
“If you want your woman—”

  Eric seized her hands, both of them,
and looked into a pair of blue eyes
which suddenly reflected for him all the
mystery of life—the thrills of railroad-
ing—and the glory of the Big Hill.

an out(nit

WHEN YOU BUY THE

       • Why gamble when you buy razor blades? In Probak Jr.
       you get the product of the world’s largest blade maker at the
       sensational low price of 4 for 10c. This blade romps through
       tough whiskers without pull or irritation. Try it.

PROBAK junior
20

                                                             Old Print from Collection of A. S. Pennoyer. X Y. Chapter. Rv. <£ Loco. Historical Society
La Veta Pass, Colorado, on the Old Narrow-Gage Denver & Rio Grande, as It Looked Sixty Years Ago
Railway Express Messenger No. I

 By H. R. EDWARDS

                           Author of “ The Great Strike of 1877,” etc.

ARCH 4th, 1939, will mark
the hundredth anniversary
of the express service of
America. On that date honor
will be paid to the memory
of William Frederick Hamden, who is
sometimes called the patron saint of the
Railway Express Agency.

  Bill Harnden began his career as pas-
senger brakeman and then conductor on
the Boston & Worcester Railroad, just
about the time that road was opened, and
later became a ticket agent for the B. & W.
in Boston. He held the Boston job for
about three years, and then he grew rest-
less. That was in 1839, when Bill was
twenty-seven years old. He yearned to do
big things before he was too old.

  “ I want to make my mark in the world,”
he confided to his friend, James W. Hale,
a newsdealer and a steamboat agent.

  Hale had a bright idea. “ Why don’t
you run errands between New York and
Boston?” he replied. “ Carry small pieces
of valuable freight that people don’t like
to trust to steamboat baggage men.”

  The idea appealed to Bill instantly.
Equipping himself with a modest carpet
bag, he approached bankers, brokers, busi-
ness men of all kinds, and volunteered to
undertake confidential missions, particu-
larly the carrying of valuable letters, pack-
ages of greenbacks, jewelry, heirlooms that
hitherto had been entrusted to Hale and
other steamboat agents. There was urgent
need for such service in those days.

  Bill’s record with the Boston & Worces-
ter Railroad had been good. He pointed
out that for years he had been handling
the company’s money, first in the capacity
of trainman, then as ticket agent. His
record and his personal appearance inspired
confidence. Gradually Bill found himself
building up a new business.

  On the 23rd of February, 1839, the Bos

ton newspapers carried an advertisement
stating that W. F. Harnden had made ar-
rangements with the Providence Railroad
and the New York steamboat companies
“ to run a car through from Boston to New
York and vice versa four times a week.”
It stated, furthermore, that Mr. Harnden
himself would accompany that car “ for the
purpose of purchasing goods, collecting
draughts, notes, and bills.”

  This service was inaugurated on the 4th
of March. It was very well received. Even
the conservative Boston Transcript an-
nounced, on March 17th, 1839, that Mr.
Harnden’s express was “ highly convenient
to those who wish to send small packages
from one city to the other. It affords us
much pleasure to recommend the express to
the notice of our readers.”

  The word “ express ” in those days had
a somewhat different meaning from mfiat
it has now. It meant a man car"ing
letters or packages; nowadays he would be
called a messenger.

  This notice in the Transcript gave Bill
some conception of the value of getting on
the right side of the newspapers. He con-
tacted with the editors of the daily papers
in New York and Boston to carry the latest
news between those two cities. The Tran-
script duly announced, on May 14th: “ We
are indebted to our friend Harnden, of the
Package Express, for the United States
Gazette (Philadelphia) of yesterday.”

  Thus Bill Harnden gradually acquired
more business than his modest carpet bag
could possibly hold, and he branched out,
hiring several helpers, including his brother
Adolphus.

  The following year—on the 13th of Feb-
ruary—Adolphus perished in the loss of the
steamboat Lexington, together with 145
other passengers and members of the crew,
when that vessel was burned to the water’s
edge off the coast of Long Island. Only
22

RAILROAD

STORIES

four persons were saved. The loss included
fifty thousand dollars in currency, as well as
other valuables, which Adolphus was trans-
porting for some of his brother’s customers.

  It was a terrible blow for Bill Harnden.
But he continued to carry on the business,
with very little success, and finally died at
the early age of thirty-one, on Jan. 14th,
1843. He was a worn-out man, but one
who had, unknown to himself, sown the
seeds for the mighty Railway Express
Agency of today.

IN 1840, the year of the steamboat Lex-
ington disaster, a young man named
Alvin Adams, after failing in the grocery
business, followed in the footsteps of Bill
Harnden by starting an express company in
partnership with one P. B. Burke. Burke
soon dropped out, but Adams persisted and
in 1843 be was the proud possessor of a
horse. Thus originated the famous Adams
Express Company.

  Meanwhile, in 1841, the American Ex-
press Company was launched when Henry
Wells, who had been Bill Hamden’s agent
at Albany, N. Y., and George Pomeroy
formed a business partnership for express
service between Buffalo and Albany—a
journey of four days and three nights by
railroad, steamboat and stage coach.

  Pomeroy soon lost interest in this enter-
prise—the journeys were long and rigorous,
while the pay was small—but Wells kept
at it, and in 1851 he organized with Wil-
liam G. Fargo and others a concern that
was to become famous under the name of
Wells, Fargo & Company. Among the
others may be mentioned D. N. Barney,
who later became president of the company
and who was at one time president of the
Northern Pacific Railroad.

  Wells, Fargo & Company immediately
began to cut rates. In 1850 it cost seventy-
five cents a pound to ship freight from New
York to the West Coast; the new company
promptly cut it to forty cents. Business
boomed; the company prospered. Other
companies arose and most of them did
pretty well. Then came the Merchants’
Union Express Company, capitalized at

ADOLPHUS HARNDEN DIED IN
THE LEXINGTON STEAMBOAT
FIRE . FEB. 13, 1840

74 BROADWAY,

         OFFICE.
N. V. CITY

WILLIAM F.
HARNDEN,

  RAILWAY
  EXPRESS
  MESSENGER
  NO. I, AND
  HIS FAMOUS
  CARPET BAG
RAILWAY EXPRESS MESSENGER NO. 1

23

$20,000,000, which set out to monopolize
the industry. After going into the red to
the tune of $7,000,000 in the short space of
two years, the Merchants’ Union was
thrown into bankruptcy and was taken over
by the American Express Company, with
William G. Fargo as president.

  Wells, Fargo & Company, in the fir$t five
years of its existence, carried fifty-eight
million dollars worth of gold dust into San
Francisco, in the days when the West was
wild and lawless and highway men knew
where to get the big money. The express
company, which also carried on a banking
business and ran stage coach lines, picked
its men well—the kind of men who are
glorified today in song and story—and
armed them with revolvers and shotguns
to fight off the bandits.

  Many a Wells, Fargo & Company agent
was shot to death out on “ the lone
prair-ee ” or in the treacherous mountain
canyons or in a baggage car on the railroad,
and many a road man took the long trail
where all the pony tracks point one way;
but the great express business went on.

  In i860 Wells, Fargo & Company ab-
sorbed the glamorous pony express service
of William H. Russell and B. F. Ficklin,
but soon relinquished it, due to the comple-
tion of the first transcontinental telegraph.

  Finally, after numerous amalgamations,
the express companies founded by the
pioneers of yesterday were welded into the
great Railway Express Agency of today,
which has national headquarters at 230
Park Avenue, New York City, and its own
monthly magazine, The Express Messenger.

  The humble carpet bag with which Bill
Harnden started this vast industry ninety-
seven years ago has been preserved to this
day, and a costly monument has been
erected over Bill’s grave in Mount Auburn
Cemetery, Boston. But Bill Harnden
doesn’t need a stone monument. His last-
ing glory is the roar of countless thousands
of wheels and the whir of airplane wings
which carry a nation’s freight over land and
sea at a speed far beyond the wildest
dreams of the former passenger conductor
on the Boston & Worcester Railroad.

 Drawn from Photos Supplied
 by Stanley, W. Todd,
 t Editor of	f

 The Express Messer^er

WM.G.

FARGO

HENRY

WELLS

THE PONY EXPRESS

HARNDEN

MONUMENT

IN

 MOUNT AUBURN
 CEMETERY.
 BOSTON
The Angel of Canyon Pass

By CHARLES
W. TYL ER

 Ex-Fireman,
 B. & M.

              Sangre del Salvadors
rise from the high desert
floor of the Llanos Pin-
tado like a wavy purple,
barrier on a flaming car-
pet. Far to the east of Del Rosa, ser-
rated rims trace their hazy outlines
against the horizon.

   Of these, one deep slash stands out
 between towering peaks like the
 notched V of a gun sight. Clearly
 defined, the eye finds it, a full seventy
 miles distant. They call it Canyon
 Pass.

  A mighty gorge, with bold ram-
THE ANGEL OF CANYON PASS

25

parts hewn when the world was in the
making, Canyon Pass has been shackled
by steel but never fully conquered.
Ceaseless warfare is forever waged
there. Many pages in the history of
the Pacific Coast & Transcontinental’s
Canyon Division are today written in
red, grim entries in the ledger of life.

  Stories of Canyon Pass have been
told and retold wherever railroad men
gather. In sandhouse and switch
shanty and dispatcher’s office; in engine
cab and caboose, even in those stiff
sanctuaries where heavy-jowled brass
hats sit on their mahogany thrones.

  Of these tales one has become leg-
end. It concerns Bill Carnegan and
“ the Angel of Canyon Pass/’

  Just over the hump, in the Sangre
del Salvadors, are six miles of track
that railroad men consider the most
dangerous on the division. Long ago
the P. C. & T. built a shanty at Mile-
post 104, on a little flat an eighth of
a mile east of the trestle over Big
Stormy Canyon, and stationed a track-
walker there.

  A tiny hut, far from the nearest
habitation and surrounded by jagged
peaks. It was almost a place of exile.
Men called that job “ the sheepherder’s
trick.”

  Now and then the section boss and
his Mexican crew from Paraje had
work to do in the vicinity. At inter-
vals a freight stopped to leave sup-
plies. Occasionally wandering In-
dians broke the monotony. Sometimes
folks waved from observation plat-
forms of speeding trains, or there was
a shout and a hand raised in salute
from eab or caboose. Perhaps a late
paper came fluttering off, or a maga-
zine.

  Always there were Frowsy Head
and Thunder Mountain, scowling
down from their lofty heights,

   2	R

as though debating what particular
kind of hell they would hurl next at

Canyon Pass.

BILL CARNEGAN was big, clean-
cut and fine-looking. Superinten-
dent McCuen eyed the man speculative-
ly. Something stamped hint as a rail-
roader. McCuen judged him to be
about thirty-two.

  “Well? What is it?” There was
scant encouragement in the flat, hard
tone.

  Bill said, a hint of desperation in
his voice: “ I’m looking for a job ”—
he hesitated—“ any kind.”

  “ Jobs are scarce,” McCuen an-
nounced briefly. “ What can you do?”
“ I—I was an engineer.”

  The super shook his head. “ We got
a list as long as your arm of men set
back firing.”

  “ I know,” said Bill despondently.
“ I’ve tried every roundhouse between
here and Trinidad. But I’ve got to get
something. Can’t you fit me in any-
where? Wages don’t matter, just as
long as there is enough for my wife
and me to get by on.”

  “ So you’re married, eh?”

  Bill nodded. “ We had to come
West for her health. I had rights on
the Central Valley, back in New Eng-
land. She had a bad attack of flu and
her lungs are affected.”

  “ Kind of tough, wasn’t it — quit-
ting back there when you had senior-
ity?”

  The other smiled, his eyes lighting.
“ Not for me,” he said. “ Anything
I could do for her wouldn’t be half
enough. Ann’s the finest woman in the
world. It was mighty hard for her
to leave friends and relatives and Mie
home we fixed up.”

  “Humph!” McCuen stared out of
the window and far away toward that
26

RAILROAD STORIES

purple line of the Sangre del Salvadors
and the V-shaped cleft of Canyon
Pass. At length he asked:

  “ What's your name ?”

  “ Carnegan. Bill Carnegan.”

  “ Well, Carnegan, there’s just one
job I know of.” The super drummed
on his desk. “ 1 doubt if that job would
interest you. A Mex had it last, and
he went cuckoo.”

  “ What is it ?” the hogger inquired
with instant hope. So often he had
carried back to Ann a discouraging,
“ Nothing doing today, sweetheart.
But tomorrow I’Ll find something.”
There had been a lot of tomorrows.

 “Track-walker,” McCuen said
gruffly, “ out on the hump.” After a
pause he added: “ Men don’t stay in
Canyon Pass long. The solitude gets
inside of their skulls and they do
queer tricks.”

  “ But I wouldn’t be alone,” Bill has-
tened to point out.

  “ You mean you’d take your wife?”
“ Sure. I couldn’t leave her here.
Where I go, Ann goes. Mountain air
is just what she needs to help her get
well. And it won’t be forever. Things
will be picking up after awhile. Then
I’ll get something better.”

  “ How long you been married, Car-
negan ?”

  “ Eight years.”

  McCuen’s eyes softened under
shaggy brows. He stroked his chin
thoughtfully. Here was a big husky
fellow from engine service stepping
down from the cab to walk the ties—
and offering no complaint.

  The superintendent’s mouth twitched
a little. Such devotion to a woman
was something to think about, in this
cock-eyed age. He wrote a brief note
and handed it to Bill.

  “ Take this to the roadmaster—Mr.
Godett. The last office at the end of

the corridor. I guess he’ll fix you up.”

  And so Bill Carnegan went to Can-
yon Pass. BiLl and Ann.

IT was spring. The mountains were
cool. Traces of snow lingered in
the deeper clefts of the high peaks.
They made a wild, unfriendly world,
those Sangre del Salvadors. It took
Ann Carnegan a long time to get used
to their untamed majesty.

  The ever-changing vistas — dawns
that poured gold over the high rims—
flaming sunsets—the quickly descend-
ing curtain of night—the blasting
winds that poured eternaLly through
the pass—all filled the woman with awe
and consternation.

  The vastness of this bold, raw coun-
try was a far cry from the friendly
life that had been hers back there on
Elm Street in old New England.

  Though she fought it with all her
might, Ann was terribly homesick. But
she never let Bill know. Nights when
the dread wind trumpeted through the
canyons, her pillow would be wet with
tears. And then when morning came
she would be ashamed.

  Life and health were here. After all,
she could do no less than match the
gallantry, deed for deed, of the man
who had given up much for her. And
so BiLl saw only a brave, smiling face.

  Never once did the man hint of his
own tragedy. But Ann sensed the hun-
ger that haunted his eyes when the
trains went roaring by. She knew
that Bill missed sitting at the throttle
with drivers pounding under him. By
comparison it was a dull existence,
this walking the ties with a wrrench and
a maul.

  And yet Canyon Division had never
had a track-walker as faithful and un-
tiring as Bill Carnegan. It seemed,
having been at the throttle himself, he
THE ANGEL OF CANYON PASS

27

realized the importance of his task.
The Sangre del Salvadors were filled
with constant menace. Slides, falling
rocks, washouts—all went to make the
place a railroad man’s nightmare.

  Summer came, the season of tor-
rential rains. And when Frowsy
Head and Thunder Mountain wore
trailing veils of black, they gave omi-
nous hint of cloudbursts. The Big
Stormy, dry at other times would be-
come a swollen torrent, rolling down
boulders and debris.

  Bill was anxious about the trestle
over the canyon. And when thunder-
storms sounded their booming war
drums at night, he would dress, take
his lantern and go out to make sure
that all was well at the gorge.

  And always when he returned,
chilled and wet, Ann would be up and
have a fire going and a pot of coffee
on. That light gleaming in the win-
dow stirred strange emotions in his
heart. He would slip an arm around
Ann’s waist, saying “ You’re a grand
sweetheart,” and kiss her.

  “ I have to be,” she’d answer, “ to
keep up with you, Bill.”

CREWS reported to Del Rosa that
Carnegan’s lantern was always
there to greet them when the weather
was bad. Its twinkling assurance lifted
the burden of responsibility for those
whose business it was to see that the
trains went through safely. McCuen
and Godett spoke of it more than once.

  Too, the men on the trains came to
watch for the slender form of the
woman in the door of the little shanty
at Milepost 104. She was as much a
part of Canyon Pass as Carnegan him-
self.

  And when the section foreman’s
wife was sick, Ann went to the sec-
tion house at Paraje to be of such

service as she could. When a freight
went off the iron in the Narrows, Ann
attended to the injuries of the fireman
and a brakeman, and made coffee for
the crew while they waited for the
wrecker.

  Now and then a hungry ’bo was fed,
or the coat of a Mexican gandy
dancer was patched. Or they were ex-
pecting a new arrival at Pedro’s house,
and Ann would make a baby dress. So
they began to call her the Angel of
Canyon Pass.

  The young lady from New England
found plenty to occupy her time, and
busy hands helped her forget. From
a shanty beside the tracks she lent her
magic touch to the making of a home.
Curtains framed the windows. A
flower garden took shape. Stones were
set in a neat border and whitewashed.
The garden was bright and vivid, for
Ann loved gay colors—especially red.

  The section boss and his men always
had a little spare time for landscaping
when they were in the vicinity, and it
was a good excuse to visit the friendly
Mrs. Carnegan.

  Vines climbed the drab sides of the
little yellow building. A red rose un-
folded its petals on a bit of trellis. Ger-
aniums added color. There were holly-
hocks and wild verbenas. Passengers
on the trains looked from Pullman
windows and marvelled that a work-
man’s hut could be so lovely.

  The general superintendent said it
only showed what could be done, and
advocated that stations along the line
follow the example set for them bv
the track-walker and his wife in Can-
yon Pass.

  McCuen, coming in from a tour of
inspection, spoke to Roadmaster
Godett, suggesting that a small addi-
tion to the one-room structure at Mile-
post 104 would add materially to the
28

RAILROAD STORIES

comfort and convenience of the Car-
negans.

  “That bridge gang at Wagon Tire
are tearing down a couple of shanties,”
said the roadmaster. “ There’s the ma-
terial, and we’ve got a work train go-
ing to Rag River the first of the week.
It wouldn’t be much of a job, and Mrs.
Carnegan ought to have a kitchen.”
“You’re damn right!” McCuen
agreed. “ Why, that shack out there
attracts more attention now than the
scenery. They tell me that half the
women on the trains complain because
they can’t stop and look at that gar-
den, and maybe get some slips.”

ONE day an old Indian named
Maggie came to Milepost 104.
She had been gathering pinon nuts in
the vicinity, and decided to visit the
white man’s home as a possible new
trade outlet.

  It was Ann’s first woman visitor,
and she could have offered no warmer
welcome to a neighbor dropping in for
a call back on Elm Street.

  Maggie said, “ How !”

  And Ann, proud of a little Spanish
taught her by the Mexican section
hands, replied: “Como esta!”

  The squaw knew Mex, and her stolid
face brightened. “ Me Maggie,” she
said. “ Indian name Na-va-wi.”

  “ Me Ann. I call you Na-va-wi. I
am so glad you called.”

  And the lady from New England
served lunch, just as she would have
done for a visitor at home.

  Old Maggie dug down into a pocket
of her voluminous skirt and produced
a number of desert stones—tourma-
lines, agates and bits of brightly
colored petrified wood. Ann’s eyes
sparkled. She loved these jewels of
the wasteland.

  She bought two or three stones, and

asked Maggie to come again. Later she
sent to Del Rosa and Amargosa for
gay pieces of calico and other articles
that she felt might find favor with the
Indian squaw. It was lots of fun sit-
ting out there on the stoop and bar-
tering with Maggie.

  Ann Carnegan’s health improved.
There was a healing tonic in the rari-
fied air of these desolate mountains.
Slowly she was rebuilding — winning
her fight to live.

  A great weight lifted from Bill's
heart. He went whistling about his
work. Life was good after all. A
track-walker’s job was better than the
best run in the world—so long as he
just had Ann.

  Too, the roadmaster had hinted there
was a better position in store for him.
Ann had heard a great deal about the
old Indian pueblo at Nunez, where
Maggie lived. In time, circumstances
made it possible for her to visit it.
When she returned to Canyon Pass she
was enthusiastic about the bit of
ancient world she had seen. It had
been like turning back the pages of an
old book, she told Bill.

  For a long interval Maggie did not
come to Canyon Pass, and Ann missed
her. One of the Mexican section hands
finally told her that the trader at
Paraje said the Indian squaw was sick.
So Ann went to Nunez, taking along
such homely remedies as were at hand,
together with presents for Maggie’s
grandchildren.

  She rode in a caboose to Paraje, and
from there was driven to Nunez in a
shaky flivver owned by one of the sec-
tion men. She stayed away from home
several days.

  When Mrs. Carnegan took her de-
parture, old Maggie, now on the road
to recovery, said : “ You bueno! Good !
Padre say Great White Father got um
THE ANGEL OF CANYON PASS

29

heap fine angel. Show picture. You
angel. Na-va-wi never forget."

  And old Maggie never did.

IN June of the second summer that
Bill Carnegan and Ann had been
in Canyon Pass, tragedy laid its dread
finger on Milepost 104.

  Ann caught cold. She told Bill it
didn't amount to anything, just a case
of sniffles. But suddenly it settled on
her chest. That night there were
chills and fever. Bill flagged a west-
bound freight and sent for a doctor.
The doctor came from Del Rosa the
next morning on No. 2. A nurse was
with him.

  They fought valiantly to save her,
but it just wasn’t in the cards for Ann
to live. The patient died two days
later, her hand in Bill’s.

  She smiled up into his face, and
whispered: “ Good-by, Bill. It—it's
all — been so wonderful — with
you. . .

  The former hoghead was never the
same again. After that first stunning,
tearing blow had eased a little, he
faced things with a strange, vacant fix-
edness that made men shake their
heads.

  They spoke awkwardly of sorrow,
of sympathy, while BUI stared at them
with eyes that looked beyond, toward
that far horizon and a woman smiling
at him through the mists.

  They asked Carnegan where he
wanted Ann buried—in the cemetery
at Del Rosa, or back East.

  Superintendent McCuen was there,
and Roadmaster Godett, and the sec-
tion boss and others. They awaited
his answer, grave, troubled. They saw
here a man under strain, moving as
one who walked in his sleep. Where
did he want her buried?

  The lines that creased his face sof-

tened at last. “ Why, bury her here,”
he said slowly, as though there could
be no other course. “ I want her close,
because I'll be keeping watch in the
pass.”

  McCuen, grizzled railroad veteran,
found a lump in his throat. Godett
fumbled for his handkerchief and blew
his nose. The section boss swore un-
der his breath.

  The husband wanted her buried
here! Hardened men of the high des-
ert looked from one to the other.

  “ Out there on that knoll across the
canyon,” Bill was saying, ” where she
can see her garden, and look down to
the foothills . . .”

  Thus they laid poor Ann Carnegan
to rest at Milepost 104, just west of the
Big Stormy.

  The section men erected a wooden
cross, and bordered the mound with
white stones from Ann’s garden. And
Bill set out a red rose, her favorite
color.

  The first thing that enginemen on
eastbound trains saw as they rounded
the long curve at the summit of the
Sangre del Salvadors, was that white
cross on Mrs. Carnegan’s grave.

  The Angel of Canyon Pass no
longer waved from the little house
down the track, but the train crews
somehow' felt that she was still there—
w'atching for them. More than one
veteran of the throttle lifted his hand
in solemn salute as his engine pounded
past.

  Bill continued to walk his beat to
Milepost no—out and back each day.
He cared for the garden, and smoked
his pipe on the stoop in the evening,
with the stars looking down.

  When thunderstorms crashed off
Frow’sy Head at night, Bill followed
his usual procedure. He dressed, took
his lantern and walked to the trestle
ao

RAILROAD STORIES

over the Big Stormy, to be sure that all
was well. Before going out he would
light the lamp. He liked to see the
yellow glow of it when he returned,
and would tell himself that surely Ann
was there waiting for him.

OLD Maggie came to Canyon Pass
again one day. She brought a
beautiful piece of polished chalcedony.
The wrinkled old squaw had, in truth,
stolen it from the curio store at Paraje.
She could have sold it to tourists. But
Maggie had not taken the agate for
profit, but for love. She put it on the
Angel’s grave.

  Then there was the bottle, dyed a
rich purple by long exposure to the
sun, that Bill discovered at the foot
of the cross. Ann had been very fond
of glass thus colored. Also, in the
course of time, a cluster of sparkling
rock crystals found their way to that
mound of earth.

  And there was a round piece of
grained ruby glass, snuggling in the
dirt—a safety reflector, lost from some
car or truck down on the highway. Old
Maggie had remembered that Ann was
fond of red.

  One day Bill saw the Indian gather-
ing pinon nuts down beyond the Nar-
rows, and he called to her.

  “ You still bring Ann pretty stones,”
he said. “ Gracias! Mucho gracias!”
“ Na-va-wi love white sister,” the
squaw replied. “ She good woman.
She good to old Maggie. She wake
up from long sleep some time. See
presents Indian bring.”

  “ Yes, God bless you, Maggie, she
will know. She’s watching all the
time.” A tender smile lighted Bill’s
face. “ I can feel her close—walking
with me.”

  A few days afterward, Bill came
home late. Clouds were gathering

around Thunder Mountain and Frowsy
Head. Black veils threw their long
streamers over the higher peaks of the
Sangre del Salvadors.

  All afternoon squalls had been
snarling far off on the desert rim,
with lightning playing on the horizon
at half a dozen points. Distant thun-
der had kept up an almost constant
grumble.

  The former hogger prepared and ate
his supper; then sat for a time on the
stoop. In the fading light he walked
up the track and across the trestle and
on to that bit of raised ground where
the grave was. He never missed a
night. He knelt beside the cross and
breathed a prayer.

  Then he lingered for a little, tender-
ly rearranging the stones of the bor-
der, smoothing the earth. The rose
Bill had put there was unfolding a
blossom. A beautiful bud that had
opened to smile at him.

  Each of the presents that old Mag-
gie had brought he picked up, wiped
off carefully and returned to their
places.

  A freight came roaring over the
summit from the west. The whistle
moaned under the easy drag of the
engineer at the cord. The fireman and
brakeman both crossed the cab to look
from the gangway. Bill waved at
them.

  Faces in the cab of the pusher and
in the caboose saw the track-walker,
and men shook their heads. A strange
picture here in the dusk—a lonely fig-
ure, a grave, a cross.

A STORM was centering around
Frowsy Head. The lightning was
sharp and frequent. Thunder boomed
through the mountains with jarring
reverberations. A large proportion of
the run-off from the eastern watershed
THE ANGEL OF CANYON PASS

31

of Frowsy Head spilled into the Big
Stormy.

  A new storm moved up from the
south toward Thunder Mountain. Bill
stood in the door of the shanty watch-
ing. It looked bad.

  Thunder Mountain and Jawbone
dumped water from their rocky slopes
into the Narrows. There was always
danger of slides and falling boulders.

  Bill donned oilskins and boots.
“ Guess I’d better go down to the Nar-
rows,” he told himself.

  He lighted the lamp on the table
near the window. Ann’s picture was
near the lamp. It showed her waving
her hand, and smiling.

  The track-walker took his lantern
and went out. On the threshold he
pause to look back. His eye went to
every familiar object that she had
touched—and again to the picture.

  “ Good-by, Ann!” he said. “ I’ll be
back in a little while.”

  He went out to the trestle over the
Big Stormy. There was very little
water in the canyon. It seemed that
the storm had moved over to the west-
ern slope of the divide, there back of
Frowsy Head.

  Bill started down the track toward
the Narrows. It had begun to rain as
he reached Milepost 105. A squall
was coming off Jawbone.

  No. 1, the crack westbound limited,
came doubleheading up the grade from
Paraje. Her two big Mountain type
locomotives roared full throated in the
night. Rain slanted across the head-
light of the first engine in gusty sheets.
Gray rivulets spewed from the rocky
slopes.

  The flicker of a lantern near Mile-
post 106 announced that Carnegan,
keeper of the pass, was guarding the
rail.

  Two brief whistle blasts cracked the

salute of No. 1. Blurred faces in the
cabs looked down and muffled voices
shouted greetings at him. Bill yelled
and waved his lantern.

  He started back. He had gone per-
haps a mile when he detected a new
note menacing the night. He stopped
for a minute to listen, then went on
with a quickened pace.

  He had felt so sure that all danger
was past, there at the Big Stormy. But
now a grim premonition laid hold of
him. A quarter of a mile farther on,
he paused again.

  Faintly a dull roar came to his ears
above the noise of wind and rain. It
was an ominous sound. He had heard
it before. It was not unlike the rum-
ble of an approaching freight train,
drifting down the grade.

  Bill broke into a run. A cloudburst
was coming down Big Stormy Canyon.
Frequent squalls had softened the ap-
proaches to the trestle. Only the day
before some section men had worked
there, filling in those little gullies cut
by coursing rivulets. It wasn’t the
structure itself for which trackmen
felt concern, but those fills behind the
concrete abutments.

  The rain was slackening now. And
yet the thunder of tumbling water
grew louder. There were, too, the
crash and grind of trees and boulders
against cut-bank canyon walls, gouging
brittle earth, as the increasing accumu-
lation of debris was hurled along in
the teeth of the mounting flood.

 Somewhere sodden clouds had
emptied themselves high in the moun-
tains—the last mad caprice of the
storm. Even now stars were peeping
through around Frowsy Head.

WHEN at last he neared the Big
Stormy, Bill was close to ex-
haustion. He had long since dis-
32

RAILROAD STORIES

carded his cumbersome raincoat and
boots. His feet were cut and bruised
from the rock ballast.

  He glanced at the light in the win-
dow of his home as he stumbled on
past the little building beside the track,
it seemed to give him renewed
strength. He felt that Ann was dose
beside him.

  As Bill approached the trestle he
was met by muddy water. It was com-
ing down the right-of-way ditches,
creeping over the ties. A wide sweep
of it spread before him, a veritable
river, flowing, gurgling about the steel-
work.

  Minutes were precious. Every sec-
ond that ticked away was a step toward
eternity. If No. 6 were on time, she
was already getting close. Not a month
before, the schedule to Chicago had
been cut two hours, while newspaper
and magazine advertisements boasted
of this new fast service.

  Water poured across the rails like a
mill-race. Its power was terrific. . It
ciutched at his legs with devilish feroc-
ity, trying to drag him down. A foot
dropped between the unseen ties. Al-
ready the earth was crumbling. The
fill had started to go.

  Bill pitched forward. Something in
his leg snapped. Blinding pain
stabbed him. He felt himself being
swept away. He caught at the sub-
merged rail, now a foot beneath the
coursing flood. The lantern and a
fusee he had gripped in his left hand
were lost.

  Death held no dread for Bill Car-
negan. Life offered little since Ann
had gone. And yet tonight a grim
determination filled his heart. It was
not himself of whom he thought, but
the railroad and the men and women
whose lives he guarded.

  He was going to cross the Big

Stormy, in spite of hell and high water.
A fighting Irish heart carried him
forward, foot by foot.

  Smashed and buffeted by muddy
water that tried to drag him down
stream, Bill struggled on. Ever in his
ears sounded the roar of the torrent.

  His right leg dragged uselessly. He
advanced on hands and knees. A tree
came floating down the gorge, its torn
roots writhing, flailing like the menac-
ing arms of an octupus. The trunk
swung toward him in the gloom. He
sought to get clear, but a jagged limb
stub struck him on the head, opening
an ugly gash.

  In desperation, Bill wedged his knee
against the guard rail and clung there
for a little gasping. He fought dizzi-
ness, almost utter exhaustion. Then
once more he crawled, refusing to sur-
render.

  Gone were lantern and fusee. Every
last match had long been soaked past
all usefulness. Even if the former
hoghead could reach that west bank
of the Big Stormy and solid ground,
he had no means of attracting the at-
tention of the engineer at the throttle
of No. 6. They’d never see him in time.

  And yet in the brain of Bill Car-
negan there burned one spark that
would not die. In his ears, above the
din of waters, he thought he heard the
low, sweet voice of the girl he’d wooed
and won back in old New England.

  Now he was going to keep a ren-
dezvous with her — there by that
mound, and the cross, ahead. Some-
thing carried him on, something that
lifted him across those last flood-torn
rail-lengths to solid ground across the
Big Stormy.

NUMBER 6 was on time. Two
engines over the Sangre del Sal-
vadors, and fourteen all-steel cars —

                             2	R
THE ANGEL OF CANYON PASS

33

maii, express and Pullmans. Crazy
Creek Canyon reverberated to the stac-
cato bark of the exhausts and the
drumming of steel on steel.

  Light rain was falling, the fringe of
the storm that had swung toward
Thunder Mountain earlier. Charley
Donaldson, a veteran runner of the
Canyon Division, was at the throttle.
He had been watching the lightning
flashes out ahead.

  “ They been getting hell in Canyon
Pass,” he called to the fireman.

  The latter ceased his labor on the
deck for a little and stood beside the
engineer.

  “ Anyhow, it ain’t like the old days,”
he said, “ when there was a wooden
trestle over the Big Stormy, and the
Alex track-walker was more likely than
not pounding his ear in the shanty.”

  “ That’s right, my boy,” the hogger
responded fervently. “ Carnegan is
out there now looking after the track.
When we bat ’em over the hump and
start rolling down the mountain, we
know that everything’s O.K.”

“ It was mighty tough, Carnegan
losing his wife the way he did.”
Donaldson sighed. “ It sure was.”
“ You know, Charley, that grave
kind of gives a man a funny feeling.
Don’t it you ?”

  “ Why, I dunno. I sort of think of
Mrs. Carnegan as being there beside
the track,” Donaldson said, “ just
watching over things.”

  The fireman agreed. " Yeah, that’s
right. Bill and her. My God, it must
be awful lonesome for him.”

  No. 6 swung at last over the high
rim of the Sangre del Salvadors.
Lights shone from the windows, warm,
inviting. Life on the train flickered
past with cinema-like rapidity. A few
travelers lingered in the dining cars.
Men and women lounged at ease in

   3	R

club car and observation. Porters
were busy making up the berths. An
old man dozed in a section, a gray-
haired woman beside him. A mother
smiled down into a baby’s face. A
honeymoon couple sat holding hands,
their heads close.

  Charley Donaldson leaned across the
padded arm-rest, his keen eyes squint-
ing past the glass vveather-wing along
the track ahead. Two emerald dots
hung like a pendant against a black
velvet curtain.

  He turned his head toward the left
and sang out, “Green eye!”

  And the fireman called back : “ Green
on the block!”

  A stubby granite post whipped past.
Milepost 103. The beat of the ex-
hausts had quickened to a hurried mut-
ter. Drivers and side-rods were but a
crashing blur. Fast-rolling wheels
were checking off the miles with a
singsong clickety-click that measured
the rail-lengths as one counts heart-
beats.

  Heavy cars cradled with gentle un-
dulations that indicated smooth, swift
flight. No. 6 was right on the adver-
tised. Speed the watchword.

THE big passenger haulers heeled
to the curve west of MiJepost 104.
The silver beam of the electric head-
light washed the steep slope to the
right of the track in swift review.

  Juniper and pinon sprang out of the
raven blackness, crouching shadows of
boulder and gully, sharp-drawn stria-
tions in a red bank hewn by erosion.

  On swept the far-reaching finger,
like a spotlight hunting for figures on
a darkened stage. And then, for just
an instant, it seemed to pause, as
though that which it sought had been
found.

  A gently swelling knoll, back some-
34

RAILROAD STORIES

what from the right-of-way, with a
softening background of pinon. There
was a cross, in that dim distance, like
a tiny ornament hung on the swelling
bosom of the mountain. Gleaming
white.

  Charley Donaldson never failed to
watch for it, as his train swept over
the rim of the Sangre del Salvadors.
His eyes were on it now in narrowed
focus. Suddenly he became rigidly
intent.

  There was something moving close
beside the mound. It was uncanny.
The distance was yet too great to vision
detail.

  Then came a sudden flash of red—
a dull-glowing crimson eye. It moved
back and forth. The gleam of the
headlight swept on around the curve,
and it was lost.

  Cold fingers clutched at the engi-
neer’s heart. The thing was weird,
spectral.

  The hogger lost not one instant in
making his decision. He closed the
throttle and snapped one short blast
from the whistle, signaling the second
engine to shut off. Then his fingers
closed over the shiny, brass handle of
the ET equipment. He swung it full
to the right, the big hole.

  It would take emergency air to stop
them. Charley Donaldson sensed that
if anything had gone wrong here in
Canyon Pass, it was at the Big
Stormy. Rain had been pouring hard
out on the divide. There was always
the possibility of a cloudburst.

  The engineer answered the strange
smouldering eye of red with two quick
blasts.

BILL’S heart swelled almost to the
bursting point as he heard the
acknowledgment. They had seen his
signal. No. 6 was stopping.

  The track-walker forgot the agony
of his tortured body as he saw that
parade of fire-rimmed wheels on the
curve. His soul soared to undreamed-
of heights. He gasped a prayer of
thanksgiving.

  The Angel, indeed, had walked with
him tonight, her spirit buoying him up,
carrying him on, when it seemed that
the best he gave would not be enough.
She was here with him now.

  Bill slumped onto the grave. “ Ann!”
he choked. “ My own dear sweetheart!
Through the power and the glory—and
you—we have saved a trainload of
people.”

  The fireman, peering ahead, yelled:
“ It’s a washout! There’s hell to pay
in the Big Stormy.”

  “ My God, look at it!” Awe was in
Donaldson’s voice. “ The flood has cut
around both abutments.”

  His headlight revealed the devasta-
tion of the foaming torrent. The big
engines of No. 6 ranged on past a lit-
tle. Then, with a last buckling surge
the train came to a stop, not a hundred
yards from the Big Stormy and its
murky death trap!

  Charley Donaldson lighted his torch
and swung hurriedly down, the roar
of mad water in his ears. A miracle
had saved them — a miracle, and Bill
Carnegan.

  Moisture that was not rain trickled
down the hogger’s seamed cheeks as
he walked back and his flaring torch
revealed the figure of Carnegan
slumped down beside the cross.

  Others came stumbling toward the
spot — engineer and fireman on the
helper, uniformed trainmen, men to
whom the booming roar in the black-
ness meant that they had been riding
into the valley of eternal shadow.

  The waving tongue from Donald-
son’s smoky torch laid its yellow illu-
THE ANGEL OF CANYON PASS

35

mination over the scene. Faces were
white, strained, as the group of vet-
erans of the rail found themselves wit-
nessing a scene that would linger in
their minds on through the years.

 Carnegan! That was the name
framed by their lips. Carnegan, here
beside the grave of the wife he had
loved so much.

  Charley Donaldson handed his torch
to his fireman and dropped down to
slip his strong arm about Carnegan’s
shoulder.

  “ What happened, Bill ?”

  The track-walker told them. He
spoke with effort, slow-worded
phrases that told of the storm and the
sudden onslaught that had trapped him
there to the east of the Big Stormy.
He made small mention of his desper-
ate fight against the turbulent waters of
the flood.

  “ I lost my lantern and fusee,” he
said. “ But I knew I had one chance.
Long ago, old Maggie, the Indian
woman who came so often to see Ann,
brought this—”

  He still clutched in his hand the
ruby-grained safety reflector, and he
held it out.

  “ This piece of red glass,” he went
on, “ and those other things there.

Treasures, they were, tokens of love.
God bless her faithful old heart! It
wasn’t much, this piece of glass. But
Maggie knew that Ann loved red, so
she put it there. 1—I—well, I figured
you’d see the red, Charley.” He looked
at the engineer.

  Donaldson slowly shook his head.
“ I did, clear as a bell.” There was a
catch in his voice. “ I couldn’t have
missed it.”

THE Canyon Division wanted to
erect a memorial—the Canyon
Division, and the passengers who were
on No. 6 that night. And so a beauti-
ful white shaft was placed where the
cross had been. On it was put a
bronze tablet with the name Carnegan
in bold letters, as a tribute for all to
read, to a railroad man and his wife.

  And thus they remain today, eternal-
ly on guard in the high rims of the
Sangre del Salvadors—Bill Carnegan
and the Angel of Canyon Pass.

r THEIR 1
KEENNESS
NEVER
L VARIES a

MADE SINCE 1880 by the inven-
tors of the original safety razor,
Star Blades have 56 years of pre-
cision experience stropped into
their keen, long-lasting edges.

If your dealer cannot supply yon,
mail 10c to Dept. AF-2, Star Blade
Division,88 Johnson St.,Bklyn.,N.Y.

FIT GEM AND EVER - READY RAZORS
Locomotives of the Northwestern Pacific R. R.

                     Tod Photo by Jt. IV. Demoro. llttiS 20th Ave., Sun Francisco; Center by F. Stindt.

                                 1511 Paru St.. Alameda, Calif.: Bottom Photo by Joseph Lavelle
Three of the N. W. P.’s Eight-Wheelers: (Top) No. 10 and Train Snapped at the Now
Abandoned Pt. Reyes Station in Aug., 1931; (Center) No. 22 at Santa Rosa; (Bottom) No. 54,
Latest of the N. W. P. American Types, at Sausalito in Aug., 1932

36
LOCOMOTIVES OF THE NORTHWESTERN PACIFIC R. R. 37

                                                                       muio ou n. tv . ucmvru

No. 136, a Ten-Wheeler Built by Schenectady in 1914, Standing in the Yards at Sausalito. Photo

made in April, 1933

THE Northwestern Pacific R. R., whose 284-
mile main line extends from Sausalito (across
the bay from San Francisco) to Eureka, Calif.,
was incorporated in 1907 as a consolidation of the
original Northwestern Pacific Ry., the San Fran-
cisco & North Pacific, the Eureka & Klamath
River, the Fort Bragg & Southeastern, the San
Francisco & Northwestern, the North Shore, and
the California Northwestern. The original North-
western Pacific Ry. was incorporated in 1006, and
it included the old North Pacific Coast, running
from Sausalito to Pt. Reyes and Cazadero, most
of which has been abandoned.

  Operating 374 miles of line at present, the NWP
has been owned entirely since 192Q by the South-
ern Pacific, which that year acquired the 50% of
its stock owned by the Santa Fe. The road had
hard sledding even in good years, and it suffered
greatly during the depression. In 1929, for ex-
ample, its operating income was $6,186,763, but

00% of this sum had to go into operating costs,
which left a deficit of more than a million after
all charges. By 1933 operating income plunged to
$2,853,262, but it rose to $3,218,671 in 1934 and
gained a little over that last year. For the last
five years there have been small operating deficits
and, of course, comparatively large deficits after
all charges.

  In addition to the locomotives listed below, the
road owns 1.080 freight, 155 passenger and 216
miscellaneous cars; and in 1934 it employed 991
people, to whom it paid $1,833,559,

  For the following roster of ift engines we are
indebted to D. S. Richter, 1412 Sixth Ave., San
Francisco. We made every effort to have it cor-
rected by the Northwestern Pacific, but we did not
receive an O. K.’d list from it, and therefore can-
not guarantee it to be official. However, we have
carefully checked it against all available records,
and believe it to be reasonably accurate.

                            Driver             Weight                              
                Cylinder    Dimen¬  Boiler     Without  Tractive Builder & Date    
                Dimensions  sions   Pressure   Tender    Force   
Numbers         (Inches)   (Inches) (Pounds)   (Pounds) (Pounds) Built             
                                    American (4-4-0) Type---14 Engines             
9, 10           16 x 24       59       140     66,700    12,390  Grant, 1883 \     
14              16 x 24       62       145     79,600    12,210  Grant, 1888 V     
17              17 x 24       63       140     79,000    13,100  Rogers, 1889 )    
                    (scrapped)                   Rogers, 1884      
19              18 x 24       61       165     80.200    17.880  
20              18 x 24       61       165     79.700    17,880  Rogers, 1884      
21              18 x 24       69       180     104,700   17,240  Baldwin, 1904     
22 23           18 x 24       69       180     120.500   17,240  Schenectady. 1908 
51-54           19 x 26       63       200     136,000   25.330  Schenectady, 1914 
90 (3-ft. gage) 15 x 20       48       140      11,160  Brooks, 1 893     
                    (scrapped)                                     
                                    Mogul (2-6-0) Type---4 Engines                 
300-301         20 x 28       63       190     146,000   28,710  Cooke, 1901       
353-354         18 x 24       57       175     114,500   20.290  Schenectady, 1908 
                    (scrapped)                                     
History

 Formerly SF &
    NP with same
    numbers

 SF&NP 12
 SFlc NP 13
 SF & NP 24

NPC 15; NS 15

SP 1714, 1716

(Continued on next page)
38

RAILROAD STORIES

NEXT MONTH: LONS ISLAND R. R

                                          Photo by D. S. Richter. 1)12 6th Ave., San Francisco. Calif.
This Old Schenectady Mogul Was Photographed at Willits, Calif., 11 Years Ago. She Is Now

Scrapped

                                                       Photo from Baldwin Locomotive Works
One of the Northwestern Pacific's Latest Engines Is This Ten-Wheeler, Constructed 14 Years

Ago by Baldwin

 Numbers

 202

 226

 227-228

 229-23!

      Driver	Weight

 Cylinder Dimen-	Boiler	Without	Tractive

 Dimensions sions	Pressure	Tender	Force Builder & Date

 (Inches) (Inches)	(Pounds)	(Pounds)	(Pounds) Built

 17 x 22

 16 x 24
 19 x 24
 19 x 24

       Prairie (3-6-3) Type—1 Engine

160 105,500	18,400 Baldwin, 1903

 8li-Wheel Switcher (0-6-0) Type—6 Engines

130	71,000	13,063 Hinkley, 1881

160 124,500	24,870	Schenectady, 1910

180 133,800	27,040	Schenectady, 1912

 Forney (3-4-3T) Type—I Engine

 43,665

 6,720

 Baldwin, 1903

94 (3-ft. gage) 16 X 20 50    150     70,200       13,060 
                           (scrapped)                     
95 (3-ft. gage) 16 X 22 55    170     72,200       14.800 
                           (scrapped)                     
103             18 X 24 57    180     108,800      20,780 
104             18 X 24 57 108,800      20,780 
                                               
107. 108        19 X 26 57    180     120,500      25.190 
109             19 X 26 57    180     116,800      25,190 
110             19 X 26 57    180     116,800      25,190 
111-114         19 X 26 57    180     123,800      25,190 
130-1 43        20 X 28 63    200     1 152,400- 1 30,220 
                                      \ 158,200 /         
170-172         21 X 26 57    190                  32,490 
178             21 X 28 63    200                  33,320 
179             20 X 28 63    200                  30,220 
180-184         21 X 28 57    200     171,200      36,830 
Ten-Whceler (4-6-0) Type—36 Engines

  Baldwin, 1887

  Brooks. 1899

  Richmond, 1901

  Richmond, 1901
  Baldwin, 1904
  Baldwin. 1900
  Baldwin, 1900
  Schenectady, 1908
  I Schenectady. 1910, 12,
  I 14; Baldwin, 1922
  Baldwin, 1907
  Baldwin, 1906
  Schenectady, 1908
  I Schenectady, 1914;

  \ Baldwin. 1922

 History'
 CNW 34

 Ft. B & SE I

 NPC 20; NS 144

 NPC 18; NS 18

 SF & NP 20

 CNW 31
 SF & NP 22. 23
 CNW 1. 30
 SF & NP 19

 LV & T 4, 5, 8
 B-G II
 LV & T 12

    Note: SF&NP stands for San Francisco & North Pacific; NPC for North Pacific Coast; SP for Southern Pacific;
CNW for California Northwestern, Ft.B&SE for Ft. Bragg & Southeastern; NS for North Shore; LV & T for Las Vegas &
Tonopah; B-G for Bullfrog-Goldfleld.
Artist’s Conception of the First Successful Electric-Car Line with Overhead Power, Which
Began Operation Jan. 9, 1888, in Richmond, Va. However, America’s First Electric Trolley Car
Was Run on the Tracks of the Capital City Street Ry. Co. in Montgomery, Ala., April 7, 1885,
by a System Devised by a Young Belgian Engineer, Chas. Van Depoele. Canada’s First Electric
Trolley Car Was Driven by a Negro Conductor, L. C. Brooks, May 24, 1886, at Windsor, Ont.
As Far Back as 1835 an Electric Car Using Storage Batteries Was Tried Out at Brandon, Vt.

Street-Car Thrills

By GEORGE BEATER

ANY readers have asked for
odd and thrilling incidents
about street-car operation.
Here are a few of them,
gathered mostly from my
own experiences as a boomer, wandering
around here and there. For instance, in
Mexico City, I recall the time a certain
trolley wire broke, near my home. One
end hung down in the middle of the track,
a foot or so from the ground. There were
eight cars on this route, and it was interest-
ing to see how each crew got their car past
the break.

  Every one of those eight conductors used
a different method. One conductor held
the wire clear with a broom while his car
coasted by. Another gingerly looped his
handkerchief around the wire and held it
clear. A third removed one of the cane
seats from the car, stood on it, and held
the wire clear with his bare hands.

  The fourth wrapped a newspaper around
the wire and held it clear. The fifth backed
his car to Chopo Street, and proceeded on

another route to detour around the break.
The sixth stopped a rubber-tired carriage
that was passing and stood upon it while
he held the wire clear. The seventh used a
cane seat to insulate his feet, and his coat
to insulate his hands while he held the wire
clear. The last crew backed their car to
the nearest suitable switch and returned
about five minutes later on the other track.

  The switchman at Chopo Street co-
operated with the car crews by pulling the
trolley pole down when the car coasted by
the break, but he refused to have anything
to do with holding the wire clear.

  When the first car to encounter the
break returned on its next trip, the crew
was armed with a length of rope, with
which they tied the wire clear. In typical
Mexican fashion, it was hours and hours
before a service gang got on the job to re-
pair the break.

  Speaking of slow progress, street-car
funerals were quite common and popular
in Mexico City when I lived there. The
car company had nicely decorated open-
40

RAILROAD STORIES

sided cars with a bier in the center for the
coffin and other cars to convey the
mourners.

          *	* *

THE following item was contributed by
Robert White, Pontiac, Mich.: First
successful electric car line with overhead
power was built by F. J. Sprague and put
into actual operation in Richmond, Va., in
1888. Other electric lines had been built
prior to that time, but they do not appear
to have been successful. Therefore, first
electric-car honors should go to the Union
Passenger Railway Co., now called the
Virginia Electric & Power Co., which is still
in operation. The first car, No. 28, left
the car shed at 29th and P streets, Rich-
mond, on January 9, 1888, and reached the
western terminus one-half hour later.
Those cars were small, with a capacity of
from thirty to forty, and they were barely
able to negotiate the steep grades. This
twelve-mile pike attracted attention and
was liberally patronized as it is today.

  A model of No. 28 was built by Walter
D. Eubank, the conductor who collected
the first nickel fare on that car. The
model is much like the original cars, ex-
cept that the trolley poles at first were

made of wood. The last heard of this
model, it was in possession of Eubank’s
widow, who lives near Richmond, Va. She
is not interested in selling or displaying it.

  The Virginia Electric & Power Co. has
no record of what became of the original
No. 28. She was probably scrapped. For
years this company has been trying to
ascertain the name of the museum, said to
be in N. Y. City, in which the first nickel
taken as fare was deposited for display.
Perhaps some reader can supply this in-
formation. In 1928 the company was
given the Charles A. Coffin award “ for dis-
tinguished contribution of the development
of electric transportation for the con-
venience of the public and benefit of the
industry.”

         *	* *

THE Pittsburgh street car system is
more like a real railroad than any
other street car system I have ever seen.
On account of the hilly country, almost
every line has its own private right-of-way
along part of its route. Some have private
rights-of-way along their entire route, ex-
cept right downtown.	.

  The lines that don’t follow city streets
are draped around hillsides, through cuts,

                                          Photo by W. L. Hay. 1803 Fulton Rd.. N. W.. Canton. 0.
Ohio Public Service Co. Extra 63. The O. P. S. Operates a Special Car from Oak Harbor to
Marblehead, O., 27 Miles, for $1.50 Plus Regular Fare—a Real Treat for Juice Fansl
STREET-CAR THRILLS

41

From Collection of Melville Langhans. I»21 91st St.. Brooklyn. N. Y.
41 When You and I Were Young, Maggie," New York Had Plenty of Cars Like This

over fills, over many bridges, some of them
hundreds of feet long and a hundred feet
high, and even tunnels, one of them three-
quarters of a mile long, through which six-
teen lines operate.

  South Hills Junction is at the south end
of this tunnel, and it looks as much like a
railroad junction as anything I’ve ever
seen. A square two-story signal tower
stands at the mouth of the tunnel, where
the various lines diverge. Back of this is
the red brick station, with superintendent’s
office, crews’ register room, dispatcher’s
office and lunch room.

         *	* *

STREET cars have to be powerful in
Pittsburgh, on account of the hills.
Therefore, they show plenty of speed on
the level. One of the fastest electric rides

I	ever had was on a Sewickley car heading
for the barn on its last trip. This route
traverses the length of Neville’s Island, on
a private right-of-way, and that car was
going so fast and swaying so violently that

I	thought it would be derailed or that the
car body would jump off the trucks. A few
days later one of these cars was derailed
near the eastern end of this island. It
plunged into the back water of the Ohio
River, and drowned I don’t know how
many persons,

  Late one night I was on a Route 38 car,
going up the long, gentle grade of West
Liberty Avenue—a dark, gloomy street
running through a little valley. Suddenly,
near Brookside Avenue, the motorman
made an emergency-brake application.
Then lie opened his door and jumped—
but nothing happened.

  The telephone company had been put-
ting in some new cable along this street
and had left one of those huge, wooden
drums over a manhole in the street. An
auto hit it and sent it rolling down West
Liberty Avenue. It got in the southbound
car track and continued on its way, taking
all curves. What had scared our motor-
man almost to death was this big wooden
drum looming up before him out of the
gloom. It passed us silently and ghost-
like.

*	* *

A FEW of the grades on Pittsburgh
trolley lines reach about thirty per
cent. Beltzhoover Avenue, on the Knox-
ville route, has two very steep ones, one
descending, the other ascending. On one
occasion I was on an old four-wheel open
summer car descending Beltzhoover
Avenue. Another similar car was nearing
the top of the ascending grade ahead of
us. Something happened, I don’t know
42

RAILROAD STORIES

what, but the car ahead of us began to
come back down the hill, picking up speed.

  The motorman of the car I was on
stopped and reversed. Without wasting
time to get a “back up” signal from his
conductor, or looking to see if the back
trail was clear, he went full speed back up
the hill we had just descended.

  Fortunately, the car back of us did the
same thing. Finally it see-sawed to a stop
in the sag. No one was hurt, but we all
had quite a thrill. I don’t know what the
trouble was. Even if the power went off
and the hand brake failed, those old cars
had generator brakes—that is, brakes
which used the regenerated current from
the motors when the car was coasting.

  Some idea of operating conditions can be
gained from the fact that every motorman
is required at a designated place on his
route, invariably on a down grade, to bring
his car to a stop with the hand brake, and
test his sand. On one line, the Trafford
City express, the car used to go into the
Craft Avenue barn on every trip for brake
inspection and adjustment.

  When the Pittsburgh Railways Co. first
raised the fare from a nickel they used
paper tickets, printed on only one side. I
wonder how many pieces of cardboard,
blank on both sides, they found in their
cash boxes before they started to print on
both sides? Nowadays they use tokens.

         *	* *

SOME time ago, the trolley wheel of a
street car in Rochester, N. Y., came
off the wire while turning east onto Main
Street at University Avenue The fork that
held the trolley wheel jammed and pulled
the entire trolley-pole assembly, as well as
about ten feet of running board, off the
roof before the car could be stopped.

  This happened about 5.30 p.m., at peak
load period. Immediately traffic was tied
up, as this switch was used by about eight
car lines. Each motorman and conductor
had his own idea as to how to get traffic
moving. Most of them wanted to switch
the car to another track and push it to a
car barn.

  Then one of them solved the problem.

He disconnected the wire leading from the
cab along the car roof from the trolley
assembly, bent the end of it in the shape
of a “ Y ” and then, standing on%the re-
maining \vooden running board, he held
one fork of the “ Y ” against the trolley
wire while the car proceeded. When one
fork of the wire got hot, he switched to the
other fork.

  The car, loaded with passengers, pro-
ceeded through the heart of Rochester’s
business district during the rush hour as
though nothing had happened. Traffic was
tied up less than three minutes.

          * * *

PITTSBURGH car lines operate two
interurban routes, one from Pittsburgh
to Charleroi, Pa., about thirty miles dis-
tant, and another to Washington, Pa.,
about twenty-five miles. They also oper-
ate street cars in those two cities, as well
as in other towns along the way. While
practically all other electric interurban
lines around Pittsburgh have been aban-
doned on account of bus competition, these
two lines are still going strong, and I hope
they will continue to do so. One of the
most pleasant outings I ever had was a trip
to Washington, Pa., on the electric and
from there to Waynesburg on the old
narrow-gage, steam-operated W. & W.R.R.

  One of my neighbors traveled from Pitts-
burgh to Boston, Mass., practically all the
way by electric interurban lines. He went
from Pittsburgh to Newcastle, Pa., on the
old “ Harmony ” route. From there he
went to Youngstown, then Cleveland, then
Erie and Buffalo. From Buffalo he used
the Rochester, Lockport & Buffalo to
Rochester, then the Rochester & Syracuse
Electric to Syracuse, and various lines until
he got into western Massachusetts. There
he ran out of electric lines and had to make
a “ portage ” by steam roads until he came
to more electric lines that took him into
Boston. Try and do it today!

          *	* *

STREET cars aren’t so slow. I recently
clocked a Route 37 car on Island
Road, Philadelphia, doing forty-five miles
per hour.
STREET-CAR THRILLS

43

' 'V

mm

                     »>/*?

■Cartoon from N. Y. World-Telegram

An Epoch Passes

  Many railroads have marine depart-
ments, but do any street car lines have
marine departments? I never heard of
any. One street car company did have
an aviation department, though. During
the Philadelphia Sesqui-Centennial in 1926
the Philadelphia Rapid Transit Co. oper-
ated an air line between the Quaker City
and Washington.

  Until a few years ago the Philadelphia
street car system operated several mail
cars, painted white with gold letters read-
ing “ U. S. Mail Railway Post Office.”
They used to pick up mail at the central
post office and distribute it to the neighbor-
hood post offices. Now the Postal Depart-
ment trucks do the job.

Abandonments of street-car lines
. in many sections indicate that this
form of railroading is headed toward the
last round-up. Most of New York City’s
trolley lines are doomed. Horse cars
passed out long ago; souvenir collectors are
glad to get good photos of those old “ hay-
burners.” Down in Laredo, Texas, Bozo
Texino tells me that Laredo’s famous old
system was scrapped November 5th, 1935
—thus marking the end of the first trolley
line west of the Mississippi River. At this
rate, the trolley car will soon be nothing
but a museum piece. I hate to admit it,
too. The trolley has played a vital part in
transportation history. Around her are
clustered memories of long ago.
World’s Oldest
Locomotive Worl-s

By HUGH WHITE

^ George
Stephenson

Stephenson’s First
Engine, “Locomotion"

 —‘ACK in 1808 a young north
country Englishman named
V George Stephenson cherished a
hope of improving his fortunes
by emigrating to the United
States. But an unforeseen event arose to
dash that hope to the ground. England
was engaged in the Napoleonic wars, and
one fine day this young mine-engine brake-
man was summoned for militia service. To
obey would have meant leaving his mother-
less little boy and an old blind father at
the mercy of the world, so he bought his
exemption with his scanty savings, the
money that was to have paid the passage
across the Atlantic.

  His luck turned a couple of years later,
and by 1812 his mechanical skill had
earned him the job of chief engine-wright
in his employer’s mines. About a dozen
miles from his workplace, at the Wylam
Mine, his friends Hedley, Foster, and
Hackworth began experimenting with loco-
motives around this time, and George got
interested. Finally he decided to tackle the
idea for himself, and secured his company’s
permission to go ahead and try.

  Stephenson’s first iron horse in 1814 was
a queer contraption, but it worked better
than any of the dozen engines the world
had yet seen. He kept on trying, and his
later engines went into regular daily ser-

  vice hauling coal to the quays. His com-
pany let him lay out roads for other mines,
and Stephenson was able to pocket several
orders for locomotives as well.

  In 1821, when he was just forty years
old, he came to the notice of a wealthy
Quaker named Edward Pease, a retired
woolen merchant who was steering the
fortunes of the Stockton & Darlington
Railway project as a sort of hobby. Pease
took a great liking for the capable mine
engineer, and saw in him the man to build
their railroad. Stephenson was hired for
the job, and made up his mind that the
iron horse would play a big part in the
success of the world’s first public line. He
and Pease therefore planned ahead for the
day when the directors were ready to give
locomotive power a tryout.

  On June 23, 1823, George and his son
Robert, now a young fellow of twenty, held
a conference in the George Inn at New-
castle with Edward Pease and Michael
Longridge, owner of the Bedlington Iron
Works. The outcome was the founding of
Robert Stephenson & Co., the world’s
pioneer locomotive factory. There were
five partners, Pease acting for his cousin
Richardson, and also staking young Robert
to his share. The youngster was elected
“ managing partner ” on condition that his
father plan the engines and superintend

44
© Fox Photo. London

Full-Size Replica of the “ Rocket ” Being Made for Henry Ford in the Present Stephenson
Works at Darlington, England. The Original Was Built at Newcastle-on-Tyne

45
46

RAILROAD STORIES

co nstruction.
Twenty-five
years later Pease
recorded in his
diary how strange
it was “ that this
effort to aid a
worthy youth by
lending £500
($2,500) without
expectation of
profit” had
brought him an-
other fortune. He
added that he
had drawn from
the business
$34,000 profit
during the year of 1848 alone!

  They erected their shop on Fourth St.,
Newcastle, alongside Burrells’ Foundry, in
which the elder Stephenson was a partner
at that time. Right away they booked
some orders for pumping and steamboat
machinery in order to get the little plant
on its feet.

  Eventually the Stockton & Darlington
Ry. agreed to give locomotive power a
trial, and on September 16, 1824, Robert
Stephenson & Co. booked their first loco-
motive order, the first iron horses ever
bought by a railway company from an
engine building plant.

  One was the famous “ Locomotion,”
which made its first journey from Shildon
to Stockton, 18 miles, on September 27th,
1825, just about a century ago. It hauled
a 90-ton load at more than ten miles an
hour. George Stephenson himself was
engineer. The “ Locomotion ” now stands
in the Darlington Station of the London &
North Eastern Ry., as the pioneer of rail-
way companies’ locomotives.

  Young Stephenson’s adventurous spirit
had led him off to South America as a min-
ing engineer earlier that year, and Long-
ridge was trying to run the factory, but
without much success. George Stephenson
was almost too busy to give the plant a
thought, for he had already been com-
missioned as engineer for the Liverpool &

Manchester Ry., a vastly bigger scheme
than the S. & D. He knew of one man
who could run things successfully: his old
friend Hackworth, who had assisted with
the pioneer locomotives at Wylam. So
Hackworth was temporarily installed as
manager and things looked up again. Later
on Hackworth resigned to become resident
engineer of the S. & D.

  Things got in a jam financially, how-
ever. The factory began to run at a loss,
and the railway owed it a big sum. More-
over, the railway was not pleased with its
iron horses. They expected too much
from these pioneer locomotives, and when
they found the engines giving trouble,
talked about abandoning steam power, be-
fore it had really had a fair trial. Pease
and Richardson declared for closing down
the plant before they lost too much money,
but in 1827 Robert Stephenson returned
home and took charge again. He was now
a much more experienced engineer, and the
plant was his future job, so he set himself
to recover the lost ground.

  That same year Hackworth built in the
S. & D. shops an improved engine called
the “ Royal George ” that restored the
railway directors’ confidence in locomotives.
The Stephensons were working their hard-
est to put over the idea of steam traction
with the Liverpool & Manchester Ry., and
they arranged a visit of L. & M. directors
to the S. & D., then tipped off Hackworth
to get the power fixed up for the great
day. The L. & M. chiefs were enough im-
pressed by what they saw to order an in-
dependent investigation on locomotive trac-
tion, so Stephensons’ got busy on some new
iron steeds that would show the world a
thing or two.

MEANWHILE, in 1828, foreign engi-
neers were over in England checking
up on these new-fangled “ locomotive
carriages ” they had been hearing all
about. The Stephensons found ready
buyers for the engines intended for the
L. & M. One went to France, along with
a trial engine declined by the S. & D., while
another was bought by Horatio Allen, the
WORLD’S OLDEST LOCOMOTIVE WORKS

47

The “ North Star,” Built in 1837, Was the Last Engine Ordered from Stephenson by an American
Road, but Was Used Instead by the Broad-Gage Great Western Ry. of England. Photo Shows
a Reconstructed Replica of the Old-Timer, Embodying Many Parts from the Original. She Was
Reconditioned at the G.W. Ry. Shops in 1925 and Sent to the 1927 B. & O. Fair of the Iron Horse
at Halethorpe, Md.; also to the 1930 Centenary of the Liverpool & Manchester Ry. in Liverpool

 The “ John Bull,” First
 Locomotive Built with a
 Cowcatcher. Made by
 Stephenson for the Cam-
 den & Amboy (Now
 P.R.R.)

                                                          Photo from Canadian Rational Raihcavs
Full-Size Model of the “ Dorchester,” First Locomotive to Run in Canada. The Original, Built
in 1836, Was One of the Five Stephenson Engines Imported by Canada
48

RAILROAD STORIES

Consolidation Type Designed by L M.S. Ry. of Great Britain for the Somerset <£. Dorset (Joint)
Ry. Five Such Engines Were Built by Stephenson in 1925. Photo Shows No. 90, Now 1_.M.S.
13810. The First of This Series Was Exhibited at the Centenary of the Stockton & Darlington
Ry. in 1925 with the Old “ Locomotion ” of 1825. Weight, 249,200 Lbs. with Tender, Has 21 by 28
Inch Cylinders, 190 Lbs. Boiler Pressure, 55l/2 Inch Drivers, and 35,932 Lbs. Tractive Force

agent of the American Delaware & Hudson
Co. These were the first exported engines
in the history of locomotive building.

  Stephensons’ “ America ” was erected
January, 1829, in Abell & Dunscombe’s
iron yard on Water St., New York City,
and gave a working demonstration jacked
up on blocks. That was four months be-
fore the arrival of Rastrick’s “ Stourbridge
Lion,” which gained the honor of being the
first real locomotive to turn a wheel on
American track. The Stephensons’ engine
was never put on rails, but was used as a
pumping engine.

  Eventually the L. & M. Ry. scheduled a
locomotive test for October, 1829, offering
a $2,500 premium for the best engine sub-
mitted. Robert Stephenson got busy on
another machine for the trial, this being
the plant’s nineteenth production. One
day they found young Burstall, another
competitor’s son, coolly examining the half-
built engine in their shops! Nobody
seemed to know just how he got in, but
he went out a lot quicker than he entered.

  The story of how the “ Rocket ” won
out in the trials on April 25, 1829, after a
hard tussle with Hackworth’s “ Sanspareil,”
is interesting. Hackworth had been obliged
to buy his castings from the Stephensons,
and because a burst cylinder finally put his

engine out of the running, certain enemies
of the Newcastle factory stated outright
that the whole contest had been rigged to
favor the Stephensons’ engine. Hack-
worth himself, although badly set back,
made no fool charges. He probably had
enough brains to know that the Stephen-
sons were too big to be crooked, and that
the “ Rocket ” might just as easily have
been the one that burst a cylinder, foundry
work being what it was in those days.

  Hackworth was a very clever engineer,
and came out all right in the finish. He
eventually started his own plant at Shildon,
Darlington, which built many an engine be-
tween then and 1850. It always seems too
bad that he never teamed up with the
Stephensons. The latter became too suc-
cessful as railroad builders to be able to
give more than a fraction of their attention
to the Newcastle plant, and it was mainly
run by subordinates. Some of them were
smart men, but none were of Hackworth’s
caliber and experience. A combination of
Stephensons’ reputation with the brains of
Hackworth and his equally famous son
would have been unbeatable. As it turned
out, the Stephenson plant was in the long
run ousted from its premier place by rival
companies controlled personally by men of
Hackworth’s type.

                            3 R
WORLD’S OLDEST LOCOMOTIVE WORKS

49

  As a result of the L. & M. trial, the New-
castle firm supplied the power to stock up
that road. Steam traction’s great battle
was won, and Robert Stephenson & Co. was
highballed through with a clear board.

  Three more of their iron steeds were ex-
ported to the United States soon after-
ward. There was the six-coupled engine
“ Whistler,” or “ America,” of the Boston
& Providence in 1830. Next year came the
“ Robert Fulton ” for the Mohawk & Hud-
son, and the “ John Bull ” for the Camden
& Amboy.

  Mr. Matthias W. Baldwin examined
these last two engines and they are said
to have provided him with enough ideas to
build “ Old Ironsides ” and the “ E. L.
Miller,” pioneers of the vast Baldwin line
of iron horses.

  After many years’ retirement, old “ John
Bull ” took tp the rails again in 1893. It
hauled an old-time Camden & Amboy train
to Chicago for exhibition at the World’s
Fair, and traveled more than 900 miles
from New York City over the Pennsy
route entirely unaided. The “ John Bull ”
now rests quietly in the Smithsonian In-
stitution in Washington, D. C., as the old-
est complete locomotive in North America.

RIVAL builders started up in England,
• but work was plentiful in 1831. Con-
sequently Robert Stephenson was invited
by Liverpool citizens to join another ven-
ture in their part of the country. After
some opposition, chiefly from Longridge,
the other partners gave their consent, stipu-
lating that the name of Stephenson must
not be used, and that the older plant was
to have a half option on all Robert’s orders.
The new firm equipped a factory at New-
ton, near Liverpool, under the name of
“ Tayleur & Co., Vulcan Foundry.” As
the Vulcan Foundry, Ltd., it ranks ‘oday
as one of England’s foremost locomotive
plants.

  From the start Robert Stephenson & Co.
was ahead of all competitors. They won
the confidence—and the orders for iron
horses—of the companies whose roads they
built, but rivals maintained that the New-
castle firm was trading on its name alone,
and unloading junk on buyers. The twelve
years following the L. & M. trials were one
continuous fight against jealousy and
slander. Around 1835 enemies influenced
the London & Birmingham Ry., the biggest

                                                                          Drawn by the Author

Grand Trunk Passenger Locomotive, Built in 185« at Newcastle, England. Robert Stephenson &
Co. Made Three of This Type for Canada—the 989th, 990th and 991st Engines Constructed by
the Firm. These Three Were the Last Stephenson Engines Sent to North America
4 R
50

RAILROAD STORIES

Great Central Ry. Type Locomotive. Between 1917 and 1920 Robt. Stephenson <*. Co. Built 82
Such Engines for the British War Office. Cylinders, 21 by 28 Inohee; Driver*, B8V4 Inoho*.

system of its day, to pass up the Stephen-
son firm when buying engines. Robert
Stephenson was chief engineer for that
pike, and he was told the company was not
trading with firms in which its own officials
held stock. Still there was enough busi-
ness to keep things going.

  “ Der Adler,” Germany’s first iron horse,
came from the Stephenson shops in 1833;
so also did Canada’s first, the old “ Dor-
chester and Russia’s first, in 1836. By
1837, out of 260 engines built in the plant,
54 had come to the United States. Only
44 were supplied by ten other English
builders. Stephenson’s last American order
was for two six-foot gage engines for a
New Orleans R.R. in 1837, but the road
was unable to find the price, and they were
altered to seven-foot gage to suit the new
Great Western Ry. in England. One of
them, the “ North Star,” was that famous
road’s pioneer—a great performer.

  The Stephenson plant got the jump on
its rivals again in 1841 with the patent
“ long-boiler ” type. It made a fortune for
the partnership, for besides the hundreds
that were built in Stephenson shops, the
number constructed by Continental Euro-
pean plants ran to four figures, and on each
of them a handsome royalty was collected.
A feature that helped its big success was
the familiar Stephenson link-motion, in-
vented 1842 by two Stephenson employees,
Williams and Howe, and incorporated in
all their engines after the first few “ long-
boilers.”

  Old George Stephenson died in 1848,
and inheritance of his share made his son
the chief partner in the firm, but Robert
Stephenson was by then a busy civil engi-
neer, traveling far and wide in foreign

lands. His fame and influence gained the
factory many valuable foreign orders,
and put them in the leading posi-
tion in the export business. It was
probably the first plant to notch a total of

1,000 engines constructed. Counting in the
ten or dozen engines built by George
Stephenson before the partnership was
formed, their thousandth production was
one of three fine 2-4-0 passenger engines
made for the old Grand Trunk system in
1856. These three, with the “ Dorchester ”
of 1836, and another engine built in 1850,
were the only Stephenson locomotives ever
imported by Canada.

  Richardson and Longridge died in the
fifties, leaving the oldest and youngest of
the original partners surviving, although
fresh associates were taken in to fill the
vacancies. In 1858, at the age of 92, grand
old Edward Pease died. His undimmed
brain had maintained its interest right to
the end, although in his last few years he
was too feeble to attend the partners’ meet-
ings. His great-grandson, Lord Daryngton,
today provides the remaining link with the
old partnership, and assists in directing the
affairs of the present firm of Robert
Stephenson & Co., Ltd.

  Robert Stephenson himself survived
Pease only by a year, dying at the early
age of 56, his health undermined by a life
of careless and unsparing energy. So
passed the last of the original band, that
“ deserving youth ” whom the old Quaker
had been proud to help.

AFTER his death his holdings in the firm
passed to a younger cousin, George
Robert Stephenson, also a railroad builder,
who took control of the plant,
WORLD’S OLDEST LOCOMOTIVE WORKS

51

  Times were not always so good. The
big English railways, the best buyers in
earlier years, got rich enough to equip
locomotive plants of their own. The
Crewe works of the London & North
Western alone built 3,000 engines between
1843 and 1887, while only two private
plants in Britain kept step with that pace.

  Although four or five British plants dur-
ing the second half of the nineteenth cen-
tury surpassed the Stephenson Works in
the actual total of engines turned out, the
factory kept a very high place in the in-
dustry. However, around 1892, the loco-
motive trade fell on lean years. Robert
Stephenson & Co. had a fine shipbuilding
business, established around 1886, and they
seriously considered laying off railroad
work for good. But a few years later trade
again took a favorable turn.

  A new factory was projected at Darling-
ton, thirty miles south from Newcastle,
and a reorganization was effected in 1899.
The locomotive works and the shipyard
were split and became separate public com-
panies, while G. R. Stephenson, then eighty
years old, retired from business, thereby
severing the last link of the firm with the
Stephenson family.

  The first production from the new plant
was completed in 1902, and twelve months
later it was building engines twice the
weight of any that ever left the old struc-
ture. India, Egypt, South Africa, and
South Am erica were heavy buyers.

  During the World War the plant was
constructing guns for the British Navy, and

also made thousands of tons of shells, loco-
motive work being suspended for a couple
of years. Toward the end of the War,
when extensions had been completed,
nearly a hundred big freight engines were
built for the British Army.

  Since the War business has failed to pick
up according to expectations, and there
have been abnormal handicaps to contend
with. Two or three vast shipbuilding cor-
porations turned their surplus machine
shops into locomotive plants, and were able
to cut the ground from under the feet of
established locomotive plants. Moreover,
in the great British railway consolidations
of 1923, the smaller locomotive-buying
lines merged in the big systems which built
their own power, and after that the chances
of home business just about vanished for
the private firms. Although the Stephen-
son plant is still operating and paying a
dividend, its business has fallen off.

  A remarkable order came along in 1929.
Henry Ford commissioned the Stephenson
Co. to build an exact replica of the old
“ Rocket ” for his Detroit Museum; while
a similar replica was later ordered by the
Chicago Museum of Sciences. Imagine
booking two repeat orders after 100 years
have elapsed! The “ Rocket ” itself has a
place in the Science Museum at London.

  About a dozen countries owed their
pioneer iron horses to the Stephenson firm,
and one of the most remarkable features of
its history is the number of its productions
preserved in different parts of the world
on account of their historic value.

This advertisement is not intended to offer aleoholie beveraoes lor sale or delivery in any state or oumtnunity where the

ndvertising, sale or use thereof it unlawful.
                                 Front an Old Print. Courtesy of A. S. Pennoyer.
Main Entrance to the Hoosac Tunnel, as It Looked In 1868

 Conquering the Hoosac

By CLIF BELCHER

T was in 1851 that men spat
upon their hands and began to
drill a hole four and three-quar-
ters miles through Hoosac
Mountain in Western Massa-
chusetts. Their goal was to link Boston
with Troy, N. Y., by rail. The road had
been surveyed; but flung across its path
lay solid rock—rock that towered to an al-
titude of 2,500 feet.

  The tunnel cost money, and it cost lives.
Before the first damp draft had hurried
through the bore from portal to portal,
196 human beings had been sacrificed; and
the sum of $21,000,000 had been expended
by the time the steel gangs entered to lay
rails. Daniel O’Connell, veteran section
foreman of the tunnel, used to tell of the
time when as a boy he carried drills and
assisted in the Hoosac. There was a chalk
line drawn about a stain on the rock wall
where nitro glycerine had been spilled.
When the stain disappeared two months

later men prepared to work the spot. At the
first touch of a drill there was a mighty
blast that killed two men.

  It was by accident that a safe way of
handling the deadly nitro was discovered,
and credit for its discovery belongs to the
Hoosac Tunnel job.

  Nate Smith set out in a little sled over
the snow-covered mountain with a load of
liquid explosive. It was a bitterly cold
day, and the horses slipped and stumbled
on the icy slopes.

  At length one of the horses fell and
dragged down his mate. The sled skidded
and the whole outfit slithered over the
brink and tumbled down the mountainside.
Smith jumped clear and flattened out in
the snow, expecting the inevitable blast and
shower of rock, but nothing happened.

  Cautiously Smith crept to the edge and
looked down to see his horses struggling in
a tangle of harness. Forgetting his own
danger, he lowered himself to liberate the
CONQUERING THE HOOSAC

53

team of which he was fond. Then it was
discovered the nitro had been frozen to a
state of harmlessness. Thereafter all nitro
was artificially frozen before it left the
Mowbray plant at the west portal.

  One of the greatest disasters of construc-
tion occurred in the central ventilating
shaft midway through the tunnel. A dozen
men trapped by an explosion stood help-
less while death in the form of shattered
timbers cascaded down to pin them to the
floor of the shaft.

  Smoke curled through the debris, and
soon flames filled the shaft while one after
another perished, bravely trying to help
broken comrades to reach the surface. Res-
cue workers were driven back again and
again while grief-stricken relatives stood
tearfully silent until all hope was gone.

  Thus men labored and died while crews
from the east portal drilled and crews from
the west portal drilled until the two gangs
met—and the tunnel was opened.

  On October 13, 1875, a train pulled out
of North Adams, the division point.
Aboard were rail and state officials. Train-
men moved through the coaches, closing
vents and lighting the old burners. At the
yawning mouth of the tunnel a brass band
elevated on a decorated platform played
with lively tempo. Thus saluted, the first
train entered Hoosac tunnel, 24 years after
the project was first begun.

  That first journey, like many others that
were to follow, was featured by lung-biting
smoke. The fan that whirled above in the
central shaft failed to suck out much of the
rolling cloud that accompanied each pass-
ing train. Two smaller shafts on either
side made no more than feeble attempts to
clear the atmosphere within.

  Danger now stalked the section men,
for the tunnel was so narrow that no mat-
ter how close a man stood to its wall he
could not escape being struck by a train.
Work was begun to create “ man-holes,”
and crevices were dug into the walls 250
feet apart where a dozen men might stand
in safety while a train passed.

  Smoke, however, remained the major
worry until 1911, when the tunnel was elec-

 trified and electric engines picked up trains
 at Hoosac Tunnel station, a mile east of
 the bore, hauling them to North Adams
 station, a mile beyond the west portal.

   Passing through the Hoosac today is no
 more than an incident to the journey, but
 in early days it was the thrill of a lifetime.
 So anxious were people to view the tunnel
 from within that all sorts of bribes were
 offered workers to escort visitors through
 the hole before the job was completed.

   Dan O’Connell and Denny Scully, as
 boys, commercialized on this human weak-
 ness for a thrill. On Sundays and holidays
 they would don raincoats, go to the North
 Adams yard and appropriate a hand car.

   The word was passed around and people
 by the score paid the boys a dollar a head
 to pump them a half mile into the uncom-
 pleted tunnel and out again. By nightfall
 muscles ached and hands were calloused,
 but pockets bulged with dollars and the
 boys went home with a smile.

Fitchburg R.R. Engine No. 0 Emerging from
Hoosac Tunnel. Drawn by O. Kuhler for Ry. 4.
Loco. Historical Society Bulletin No. 37
Link and Pin

A Tale of the Days When
Brass Hats Endangered Lives
Rather Than Spend Money
for Safety Appliances

FIFTY years after the birth
of the iron horse railroad-
I ing had become America’s
MLr=u==j most hazardous occupation.

  Power, speed, and tonnage
had increased to the point where
human hands could not safely control
the movement of trains and engines.
Collision, derailment; death, dismem-
berment—these were the items which
filled the columns of the daily news.

  The greatest hazards lay in coupling
and control. Inventors sought devices
whereby cars could be hitched and
speeding trains braked without the ap-
palling loss of life they were claim-
ing. For fifty years the quest con-
tinued. Then, in 1887, both the auto-
matic air brake and the Janney coupler
were perfected and thrown on the mar-
ket.

  Harrassed railroad men looked to
them with hope; they looked, but their
ills were not healed. To equip cars and
engines with safety appliances required
money. Officials didn’t like to spend
it because their jobs depended on the
roads paying dividends. And so
the years moved along with link coup-
ler and hickory club claiming their
daily human sacrifice.

  The “ Big Four ” Brotherhoods took
up the fight. Representatives of the
Engineers, Conductors, Firemen and
Trainmen conferred with their man-
agement, and urged immediate install-
ation of life-saving devices. The offi-
cials countered that installation on
equipment in service would bankrupt
the railroads. They promised eventual
relief; and there they .let the matter
rest.
  Such was the situation when, in
1887, Mike Corrigan went braking on
the K.&A. out of Osawatomie. Mike
was born to the rail. His father, a
K.&A. conductor, had been mashed be-
tween two boxcars when the drawbars
slipped by. His elder brother, Jim, was
running a freight engine out of Osawa-
tomie.

  Jim was active in the Engineers’
Brotherhood. Imbibing its conservative
rule that it is better to bargain than
to fight, he was a conservative. Mike
was not. Tall, dark, slender, with
piercing black eyes and impassioned
speech, he gave promise of impulsive,
aggressive leadership; and when he
joined the Trainmen, at the age of
eighteen, impulsive, aggressive men
were in the saddle.

  Wherever railroads ran, radical
brothers were preaching the crusade
for compulsory protection to railroad
men.

  "If the companies won't give it, w'e’ll
strike,” they promised. " We’ll refuse
to turn a wheel until the heartless dol-
lar-grabbers install air brakes and auto-
matic couplers on these murder ma-
chines and stop the needless butchery
of railroad men.”

  Mike heard their preaching and was
converted. He would have become an
apostle, even before that night at Red
Bridge, save for the calm counsel of
his elder brother.

By ED SAMPLES

Author of “ Longhorn
Lannigan,” etc.
56

RAILROAD STORIES

A DECEMBER blizzard raged
across the plains of Central Kan-
sas. The wind drove dirty snow
through the cracks of the rickety
wooden lodging house in Council
Grove, where the Corrigans were sleep-
ing. Snow and sand sifted through
broken windows to pile in tiny wind-
rows on the uneven floor or spread out
in a dirty film over the covers.

  In the early winter twilight, a stum-
bling step jarred the rickety wooden
stair; a fumbling hand shook the rat-
tly door; a hoarse, youthful voice
shouted: “ Come on out of it, you dead-
heads !”

  Mike and Jim were dead to the
world. Gould motive power, already
swamped under the load of the grain
and stock rushes, were crippled now
by the blizzard. Men were breaking
under the strain of cold and hours and
tonnage. At noon they had brought in
a drag on which they had left Kansas
City thirty hours earlier.

  Mike aroused first to the knocking.
He blinked through the gloom. Stump-
ing through the chill air, he opened
the door for the waiting caller.

  “ You guys gettin’ a stock drag east.
Yuh goin’ to load 'em at the chutes
and take 'em on into Kansas City."

  What Mike said to that waked up
Jim. Mike cussed the railroad com-
pany and everything pertaining to it
from Jay Gould down to the wind-
blistered caller. When he had finished
with the company, he commenced on
the Brotherhoods.

  “ What’n blazes you guys been doin’
for the last twenty-five years!” he de-
manded of Jim. “ Why don’t these
organizations have contracts so a man
can stay in bed fifteen minutes without
a little shrimp of a caller kickin’ him
out before he gets asleep an’ orderin’
him to load a lot of bellerin’ bulls that

yard crews ought to have loaded before
he’s called ?’’

  Jim rubbed his blue eyes, yawned
sleepily and said: “ Don’t bust a blood
vessel, kid. It’s cornin’. In a few
years from now we’ll have everything
we’ve asked for. All it takes is time.”
“Yeah! Time! That’s all I’ve
heard since the air brake was invented.
Time! What do you engineers care if
us brakemen have to stand out in the
blizzard spottin’ stock cars. What’s it
to you if we get our legs cut off set-
tin’ brakes on the icy tops. It ain’t
your legs that gets cut off. It ain’t
your nose that freezes. You’re safe
an’ warm in your cab."

  “We engineers are waitin'," Jim
interrupted slyly, “ for the outfit to go
into the ditch when the brakes don’t
hold. Waitin’ for steam pipes to break
an’ cook us alive, or for the wreck to
catch fire and roast us. You trainmen
ain’t got anything on us, kid."

  Mike had heard of that scalding and
roasting process, but he had never
thought of it as being a prospect for
an engineer. He looked to see if Jim
was laughing at him. Jim was not;
his blue eyes were in dead earnest; his
face was serious.

  Mike smothered the hot retort he
had ready, and walked in silence to the
lunch counter. He had no banter for
Katy O’Brien when she came for his
order. He did not deliver his custom-
ary oration when her father, Pegleg
Pat came up to say that a drive was
on foot to force a bill through Con-
gress compelling companies to install
safety appliances on all equipment. He
ate, paid his bill and went out, leaving
Jim and Katy standing at the counter.

AT 6.10 they shoved thirty empty
-stock cars into the loading track.
Mike was out on top with club and lan-
LINK AND PIN

57

tern. The wind, hurtling madly across
a thousand miles of treeless plains,
drove sleet and snow and sand in its
blistering blast. It maddened the bel-
lowing, milling herd which shoved fu-
tilely at the stock pens, or fought the
keepers in the narrow chute outside.

  While blizzards raged the men
worked. Pop McGruder took the
ground, limping between moving cars
as their speed slowed, lifting pins out
of their links to let them roll back so
Mike could spot them at the chutes.

  Out on top, Mike watched the chutes
drift toward him through the blizzard.
Foot by foot, he moved along, club set
in the frozen wheel. “ Back! Easy!
Stop 1” the .lantern signaled, and when
the car was on the spot, his stout arm
tightened the brakes on the slowing
wheels.

  Until nearly midnight the work con-
tinued. Mike spotted the cars; the
punchers drove in the cattle; Pop Mc-
Gruder sealed the doors. They built
a fire by the corner of the pens, and
when their services were not in de-
mand trainmen and punchers took
turns dashing up to the fire to keep
from freezing.

  The wind roared on. Voices were
on the wind—voices which moaned
and sobbed and cried. Once when the
old section man who was bedding
stock cars paused open mouthed to
listen to a wailing blast, Mike looked
at him. The old man whispered:
“ Sounds like the banshee screamin’,
boy! Wonder who’s dyin’tonight?”

  Mike .laughed shortly. His mother
had used to frighten him into submis-
sion with wild tales of the banshee in
the old country. All tommyrot; but
still he couldn’t help remembering that
someone always died when the banshee
screamed, and he couldn’t help remem-
bering that crack Jim had made.

  The blizzard blew itself out. Stars
came to burn coldly through the haze.
The voices hushed. When the last car
was sealed Mike climbed stiffly down
from its top to make couplings and get
his train together. Pop limped pain-
fully toward the caboose whither the
boisterous stockmen were going. Pop
stopped to warn Mike.

  “ Be careful, kid. It’s on nights like
this that trainmen miss their step, and
low drawbars slide under.”

  Mike was careful, but he alone did
not run the railroad.

SEVEN train loads of cattle were on
the K.&A. that night. They were
running as sections of No. 54. The
first two went by the stockyards while
Corrigan’s crew was loading. The en-
gine on First No. 54 was foaming
like a soap factory because too much
water had been run boiled into its
boiler since it had been washed.

  Second No. 54 left Council Grove at

10.50	In its caboose were eleven
stockmen, Conductor Olinger, and
Flagman Jones. Olinger kept his
safeguard against low temperature in
a quart bottle. Many trainmen did in
those days.

  Jones, who was about Mike’s age,
was a smart brakeman. He had learned
more about railroading in three years
than the men who made the rule book
had learned in a lifetime.

  A few miles from Council Grove the
second section overtook the first one
as it was doubling into Bushong. Ac-
cording to the rules Jones should have
left the caboose immediately and gone
back a quarter of a mile to protect his
own train against any other which
might be following.

  But it was cold. His caboose was on
a hill. Instead of going back, Jones
climbed out of the cupola, set his red
58

RAILROAD STORIES

lantern and a couple of unlighted
fusees on the rear platform where he
could get them if he needed them, left
a crack in the door so he could hear an
engine if it came up the hill, and did
his flagging by the red-hot stove. The
eleven stockmen did not object. They
were merely passengers. Olinger did
not object, either; he was already
warming up with his bottle.

  They were there forty minutes. They
followed First No. 54 up to Bushong
There they met No. 53 and No. 3. Be-
ing a smart brakeman, Jones watched
to see whether No. 3 went on down the
hill. It did, and he knew the third
stock train was not very close.

  He asked the engineer of No. 53
what other trains they were meeting at
Bushong.

  “ We’ve not got anything on Third
Fifty-four," the hoghead answered,
and Jones knew that while the follow-
ing section was not very close, it was
also not very far away.

  They left Bushong at 1.30. Half-
way down the hill Engineer Carver be-
gan calling for brakes. Jones figured
something had gone wrong with the
train ahead. He damned the junkpile
pulling it and the men running it,
dropped off two fusees, and stayed in
the caboose until they had burned up.

  By that time he figured Corrigan
ought to be coming shortly. He started
back flagging, intending to go a long
way this time, because his caboose was
on the downhill side of the divide, and
it took time to stop freight trains run-
ning down hill.

  No. 3 came by the stockyard at
12.55. Mike had finished coupling up
his train, had drunk a cup of hot cof-
fee, and had finished reading his or-
ders. One of those orders instructed
Conductor McGruder with engine No.
147 to run as Third No. 54 from Coun-

cil Grove to Osawatomie, and another
instructed him to meet No. 53 at
Bushong. They left the stockyard
with a pusher, and they went through
Bushong at 1.50.

  Pat was a good engineer. He not
only figured what he was going to do,
but also what the other fellow would be
likely to do. Because he did, he made
the schedule without being reckless.

  Tonight he remembered that Second
No. 54 had left Council Grove an hour
ahead of him. He figured it would be
far enough to the east so that if any-
thing happened its flagman could get
back to give him a stop sign. He
turned down Bushong Hill at a pretty
good clip, and did not call for brakes
until he hit twenty miles an hour.

MIKE was on top of the head car.
Another light was near the mid-
dle of the train. Although Mike could
not see him, he knew Pop McGruder
was watching both those lights from a
cupola window. Conductors always
watched brakemen’s lights, for they
never knew when one of them would
go down and not come up.

  Mike tied down three cars before
Jim called for brakes. He soon set four
more. He knew Pop would set the
caboose brake, and that the swing man
would tie down a flock of them in the
middle of the train. These, with the
engine brakes for emergency, would
hold the train in good shape. Bushong
Hill was not a mountain grade.

  Biting wind blew out of the north.
Running boards wore patches of ice
and snow. Frost sifted from frozen
stars. Mike found a dry place and sat
on a running board to wait until Jim
called to release the brake. He tucked
his lantern between his knees, and the
odor of burning oil filtered upward
with heat from the flaming lantern.
LINK AND PIN

59

  Before the train had rolled a mile a
whistle blast cracked the frozen air.
Mike knew something was wrong. The
regulation brakes were set, yet Jim was
telling them to set brakes as if his life
depended on his signal.

  As Mike darted over the top to grab
another wheel, he flung one glance
down the track. He saw red lights
gleaming. He did not count them, but
he knew there were two markers and
a cupola light forming a triangle, and a
huge red flare sputtering in the dark-
ness.

  Mike forgot he was cold. He even
forgot that air brakes would have pre-
vented what he thought was going to
happen. The lights came nearer. The
red fusee sputtering in the cut passed
him, and Flagman Jones swarmed up
the ladder and hurried past him shout-
ing : “ Set ’em tight, kid! You’re right
into us!”

  Mike did not even think about jump-
ing. He was not hired to jump, but
he was hired to set brakes. Then there
was Jim’s whistle, warning stockmen
in the caboose that Death was on the
iron.

  But Death did not hold the ace in
that hand. Jim Corrigan held it. He
had some straight air on his engine
which he had saved for emergency. He
used it, and when he was traveling
slowly enough he reversed and worked
steam. He stopped his pilot three feet
from Olinger’s caboose, where the con-
ductor, by now pretty well warmed up,
was frantically waving a red lantern.

  Both crews and eleven stockmen
gathered at the rear platform and
talked. Olinger wanted to know what
in thunder an engineer meant coming
down a hill a thousand miles an hour
when he knew another train was right
ahead of him. Mike reckoned that if
they had had air brakes on that train,

it would have been stopped before it
got in whistling distance. Jim slyly
suggested that maybe if Jones had not
been flagging from the back platform
of the caboose he would have had
plenty of room to stop.

 Jones laughed and said: “We
stopped ’em, didn’t we?”

  And with everybody agreed that
they had stopped in time, the trains
proceeded when the track was clear.

  Seven times that day things hap-
pened to the trains ahead of them.
They ran into cuts filled with sand and
snow, and had to shovel out. They
doubled hills. They stopped on the
level to raise steam. They broke in
two and ran together.

  Seven times Jones came back flag-
ging. He swore he had worn out a
brand new pair of shoes running, but
he ran plenty far.

“ Don’t Be a Fool!”

AT 4.30 that evening they were in
^Ottawa. At 9.00 they were in
Osawatomie, and at 10.30 they were
ready to pull on up the hill. They
were rejoicing because the first section
had a new engine.

  “ Maybe we’ll go to town now,”
Mike boasted. “ We’ve got that Jonah
out from ahead of us.”

  They did. They walked over Paola
Hill, to Wagstaff and across the flats
to Bucyrus. They were through there
at 11.55. Everything was running like
clockwork. Before they turned down
to Stillwell, Jim called Mike over.

  “ You twist her tail a minute, kid,”
he said. “ I believe we’ve got water
enough to run this Mastin tank. If
60

RAILROAD STORIES

we have, we can go to Leeds for water
and maybe go in for Number One.”

  Jim went over the tank with a
clinker hook to measure his water. He
came back grinning.

  “ How yuh fixed ?” queried Mike.

  “ O.K. We got plenty. If Olinger
and Jones ain’t fooling around down
here, we’ll go through Mastin like a
bat out of a brushpile.”

  They did not see Olinger and Jones,
because First No. 54 now had a good
engine, and both it and the second sec-
tion had been stepping along. Engi-
neer Carver, on Second No. 54, how-
ever, was a careful runner. He never
ran a water tank or a pie counter. He
took water at Mastin.

  Jones tossed off a red fusee a mile
above the tank. It was made to burn
ten minutes. A following train was not
permitted to pass the burning flare un-
til it had gone out. The one Jones
threw off burned out before he left the
tank, and he threw off another.

  The Corrigans kept their train under
control coming down the hill. Every-
thing was clear before them. They
did not see the fusee which Jones had
thrown off because it had burned out
two minutes before they came out of
the cut.

  They let off brakes and came by the
tank running thirty miles an hour.
They made a good run to Martin City.
The order board there was clear; and,
unaware that the operator had had to
shade the time a few seconds in order
to clear him, and unaware also that the
engine on Second No. 54 was develop-
ing a leaky flue, Jim opened up.

  Leaving Martin City the track soon
runs into thick woods, and at a point
not far from Red Bridge turns down a
short steep grade through a maze of
curves following the banks of Blue
River.

  Jones was still attending to busi-
ness. When his engineer tipped over
the hill toward Red Bridge after crawl-
ing halfway from Martin City, he
knew it was time to throw off another
fusee.

  He scratched a fusee and tried to
spike it in the end of a tie. Instead
of spiking, the fusee .landed on its side
and rolled into the ballast. Jones
watched it, and when he w^ent out of
sight around a curve it was still burn-
ing.

  It did not burn long, however. Two
minutes from its outer end was a flaw
where the paper cylinder had crumpled
and stopped the tube. The fusee
burned to this flaw, sputtered and went
out just as Engineer Carver began
calling for brakes down by Red
Bridge. Jones, in the caboose, figured
he had plenty of time, because he
thought his fusee would burn ten min-
utes. He went back flagging at a brisk
walk.

THIRD No. 54 approached the top
of Red Bridge Hill. Mike buttoned
his coat and started out of the cab to
use his club. Jim stopped him. Jim
had been using his head; he had slowed
and bunched the slack so he could con-
trol his train with engine air. He called,
“ No use goin’ back there, kid. I can
handle 'em.”

  “ But suppose Olinger had trou-
ble—”

  “If Olinger had been havin’ trou-
ble, Jones would have left a red one
burning.”

  Mike faltered. He did not know
that Jones had left a red one burning,
a red one which had failed. He looked
at his brother, alert and watchful, and
remembered what Jim had said last
night about engineers cooking in steam
or roasting in burning wreckage. May-
LINK AND PIN

61

This Time Death Held the Aces. A
Hundred-Ton Locomotive Crashed
Into the Rear of the Crummy

be hunch was talking to him. He called
over his shoulder, “ I’m goin’ any-
how. You never know what’s around
the next curve.”

  Again he took his station on the
head car. He did not expect Jim to
call for brakes tonight, but when he
was halfway to Red Bridge, he heard
the whistle burst out screaming. In-
stantly he was on his feet. By the
slackening speed he knew that Jim had
used the straight air on the engine. The
whistle was ringing. The flare of a
fusee was hurtling toward him. He
heard Jones’ startled voice yell:
“Jump, for God’s sake!”

  Mike did not heed the warning. His
brother was still on that engine, his
whistle screaming to warn those eleven
stockmen in Olinger’s caboose that for
a second time Death was on the iron.

  But this time Death held the aces.
Mike never even saw the tail lights.
He was too busy setting brakes. The
crash hurled him face down on a run-

ning board. He groped and found a
hand hold as he felt the car rise on
its hind .legs. Then he felt it settle
sidewise and go swishing down
through the tops of tall cottonwoods
which lined the banks of the Blue
River.

  He kept falling for a thousand
years. He never knew when he
stopped. When he came to, he heard
Pop McGruder saying: “ I reckon he’s
done for, too.”

  Mike blinked through the dim lan-
tern light into McGruder’s grimy face
and queried dumbly: “ Me an’ who
else?”

  McGruder did not reply. He helped
62

RAILROAD STORIES

Mike to his feet, and they went back
to a pile of overcoats up at the foot of
the high fill where Jim’s engine had
plowed through Olinger’s caboose.

  There was nothing anyone could do.
There is not much to be done for an
engineer when a hundred-ton locomo-
tive has stepped in his middle, not
though the iron horse has touched
hoof and kept going.

  Unable to carry him to the caboose,
the men had already made a bed of
cushions and covered him with over-
coats. Mike knelt beside him, on the
frozen ground with frost sparkling on
dead cottonwood leaves.

  Jim knew he was there. Jim opened
his eyes and breathed, “ Tough luck,
kid!”

  Mike gripped the hand hysterically.

  “ Luck, hell! It’s murder. Damn
the greedy railroads! Damn the weak-
kneed Brotherhoods!”

  An hour passed. Stars sparkled on.
The labored breathing of the wrecked
boiler grew feeble and died; the lowing
of cattle subsided as the wounded were
killed; and the flagman returned to
report the wrecker coming.

  The pulse of the man grew weaker.
Stockmen whose lives his sacrifice had
saved built a fire down by the river.
By its light, flickering on the frost and
the ice and the white stems of cotton-
wood trees, they stood together and
talked in low voices.

  Presently Jim spoke again.

  “ My watch, kid!” he said. “ Give
it to Katy, will you?”

  Mike nodded. Jim and Katy had
intended to be married on Christmas.

  Jim kept moving restlessly. He
seemed to be trying to leave a message.
His eyes opened unsteadily, and he
whispered:

  “ Kid!”

  Mike bent to listen.

  “ Kid, you got a lot of life before
you. Don’t ruin it—by bein’ a fool!”
His lips mumbled once more, “ Don’t
be a fool!”

  Mike heard the admonition. He did
not understand it fully then. He never
forgot it, but he did not heed it. Jim
had been his counselor, had urged cau-
tion, tolerance and calmness instead of
frenzy. Now Jim was gone. Mike
turned from the new mound to take up
the fight.

HE became an apostle of aggres-
sive radicalism. He exhorted
members of his own Brotherhood
singly and in groups to rise up and
force action from heartless officials
who were sending men down to death
rather than buy safety appliances.

  “ We’ve got our own organizations,”
he declared. “ They are not working
together. What we need is a Brother-
hood of railroad men who will fight
under one banner, each for all, all for
each. Let’s stop this dilly-dallying,
this bargaining and talking and whee-
dling, and stand up like men and fight
for our lives and our homes.”

  The Corrigans had friends in Osaw-
atomie. They urged Mike to hold his
tongue, to use reason instead of im-
pulse.

  “ Officials of this pike won’t stand
for the kind of gaff you’re giving,”
they warned. “ Some of these days,
they’ll call you on the carpet.”

  Sure enough, when Jim had been
gone a month, Trainmaster P. Murphy
Scoggins cornered Mike coming off his
caboose one night.

  “ I hear you’ve quit railroadin' an’
gone preachin’, kid,” he said coldly.

  “Yeah!” Mike flared back. “You
ain’t heard about my lellin’ anything
that ain’t so, have you?”

  Scoggins flushed.
LINK AND PIN

63

  “ Some truth, maybe,” he admitted.
Mike laughed mirthlessly and eyed
the official hotly. “ You ain’t heard
nothing yet, Mr. Scoggins. Wait till
I get uncorked, and I’m goin’ to tell
you and these birds something.”
Scoggins did not speak for a long
time. He stared fo^a while, and when
he spoke it was quietly, soothingly.

  “ You’re goin’ to learn that you can’t
reform the world in a day. You bet-
ter head into a blind sidin’ an’ take
another look at your runnin’ orders,
kid. Think it over.”

  Mike thought it over. He could see
no need waiting for other men to die.
It would cost no more to install safety
appliances now than it would five years
or ten years hence. He swore no brass
hat could bully him, and kept right on
talking.

  In March, Scoggins, now division
superintendent, called him into the of-
fice and gave him his last pay check.

  “ Next job you get,” he advised,
“ remember you owe loyalty to the
company which pays you your wages.
When you refuse to render it, the only
thing the company can do is to replace
you with a man who will.”

  In the heat of anger, Mike blackened
a pair of official eyes and boastfully set
out to find a new job. He found one,
and then others, but none of them
lasted—not because he failed to do his
work, but because his references fol-
lowed him.

  At first, he considered it a joke.
Then it dawned upon him that whether
he went to California or Florida, offi-
cials were soon aware that he had been
an agitator and had whipped a super-
intendent in Osawatoniie. He under-
stood then what Jim had meant by that
dying admonition. He had been a
fool, and the resentment which fol-
lowed the full realization that by so

doing he had ruined the prospects for
a railroad career did not cure him of
his folly.

  He blamed the companies and the
Brotherhoods for his predicament, and
at twenty-one was an embittered,
sharp-tongued agitator fomenting trou-
ble and discord.

The Storm at Crazy Creek

THAT’S what he was that summer
night in 1892 when he came to
the caboose of Atlantic & Pacific’s Cal-
ifornia merchandise train in the yards
at Gallup. Conductor “ Espee ” Senci.1
was on his way to the office with a
lighted lantern in his three-fingered
hand. Mike flashed the card on him,
for despite his bitter disappointment
over the failure of the Trainmen to
clear up his Osawatomie reference, he
was still carrying a paid-up card in the
order.

  “ What’s the chance riding with you
to Winslow?” he queried.

  Sencil took the card in the three-
fingered hand and held it to the light.
After a long inspection, he handed it
back.

  “ This is my caboose, Corrigan,” he
said. “ It’s goin’ to Winslow.”

  Mike thanked him and swung up the
platform.

  Espee was an old-timer. A rack of
bones with a few yards of desert-baked
hide stretched tightly over it, he wore
a pepper and salt suit with baggy trou-
sers, a blue shirt with a red necktie,
a brown plug hat with a dent in the
crown, and a pair of the biggest Con-
gress shoes Mike had ever s^en. His
forehead was high; his nose thin; his
64

RAILROAD STORIES

lips were parted by the stem of an
empty cob pipe whose bowl was up-
side down. Mike felt an instant lik-
ing for him.

  There were passengers on the ca-
boose that night: the trader going
home to Manuelito; two Pueblo In-
dians and three cowpunchers; also
a tall girl with frizzed bangs bobbing
over the blackest eyes Mike had ever
seen. She wore a neat black travel-
ing suit. She was laughing and talk-
ing with the par.lor brakeman, who was
cleaning his lanterns.

  Mike had been too busy talking to
railroad men about their raw deal to
pay much attention to women. But
when he stepped into Espee Sencil’s
caboose, and that girl flashed those
black eyes questioningly up to him, his
hand went instinctively to the crum-
pled tie at the neck of the black sateen
shirt, and he wondered why he had not
shaved before he left Gallup.

  The girl looked at him and looked
again. The parlor man gave him that
glance of disdain with which the home
guard so often favored the boomer.
When Mike had gone to sit by the
punchers he whispered something to
the girl which made both titter.

  Mike flushed. He felt no .love for
the brakeman. While the fellow
cleaned and hung his markers, Mike
watched him critically; and when the
markers had been hung and the box
of sand kicked significantly toward to-
bacco chewing passengers, he and the
girl went into the cupola. They did
not invite Mike to go with them.

  At 9.05 they pulled out of the yards.
Espee caught the caboose, came inside,
set his lanterns on the table and laid
his waybills beside it. When they were
ten miles out he started toward the
cupola. Halfway there, he turned to
Mike.

  “ Might as well come on up to the
doghouse, Corrigan,” he invited.

  Mike thanked him and followed.
Espee introduced him to “ My daugh-
ter, Jerrv,” and “ my hind man, Rent-
fro.”

  The girl made room for her father.
Rentfro reluctantly moved over so
Mike could sit in front of him on the
cushion.

THE train was soon rolling at a
good clip. Box cars swayed and
rocked and rattled. The kerosene lamp
above the pine board table dimmed and
brightened. Mike watched the lamp
and the cars and ghostly crimson cliffs
flowing by like streaks of blood in the
moonlight.

  After a while, Rentfro asked Mike:
“ Are you going to go to work out of
Winslow ?”

  Mike smiled bleakly. He knew that
with his reference the A.&P. would not
hire him. Then, too, he had heard that
on the A.&P. most of the minor offi-
cials and some of the higher ones had
been hired from and still retained mem-
bership in the four old Brotherhoods.
That, to Mike’s way of thinking, was
not the way to keep the organizations
helping the men. He insisted that if
union men became officials they would
soon be running the Brotherhoods and
checkmating the men in their efforts to
better their conditions.

  “ No. I don’t figure on stopping in
Winslow,” he answered.

  “ Don’t like the climate and the
scenery?” Rentfro queried in a tone
in which Mike thought he detected re-
lief.

  “ I don’t know much about either,”
Mike answered soberly, “ but I don’t
like your idea of .letting the brass hats
run the Brotherhoods. It’s their busi-
ness to run the railroads.”
LINK AND PIN

65

  Rentfro breathed a long drawn,
“O-ooh! You’re one of these radical
boys, always on the prod, eh?”

  Mike had plenty of good answers
for that, but he remembered he was a
guest rider. He was also aware that
Miss Jerry Sencil w'as listening; and
somehow he had the feeling she and
her father might not approve of the
answers he would give. For the first
time in his .life he was concerned with
what somebody might think of his
ideas. He merely replied, “Yeah!
Maybe!”

  Espee took his pipe from the cigar
box tacked between the cupola win-
dows, filled it, turned it right side
up, and lighted it. When it was go-
ing, he said significantly:

  “ If it hadn’t been for the fighting
radicals, Rentfro, brakemen .like you
w'ould have been in a lot worse shape
than they are today.”

  Just then Jerry called attention to
the cloud west of the moon rising out
of the Painted Desert, and to the moon
wading into it to be “ swallowed up
like a lost soul in purgatory.” Mike
stared ahead, watched webs of yellow
lightning weaving through the cloud.

TALK turned, as it always did in
cab and cupola, to organization.
Sencil quit pulling on his pipe to say
that he understood there was going to
be a Brotherhood to include all rail-
road men.

  Yesterday Mike could not possibly
have missed the chance to snarl back:
“If it's not got more nerve than the
other four have, it might as well not
be formed.”

  He kept his mouth shut and listened
to Rentfro raving that it was merely
a scheme of the radical element to get
control of the Brotherhoods. Yester-
day Mike would not have stood for

that, either. But when he passed it
he became aware that a woman or an
O.R.C. with a three-fingered hand or
something had pulled a red board in
his face and made him head in “To
read his running orders.” The realiza-
tion shocked him, and he .looked at the
girl again.

  The engine whistled for Manuelito.
Jack Rentfro looked at his watch,
yawned, picked up his club and lan-
tern, and toyed with it. The conductor
kept watching him.

  “ Well, Jack,” he finally said, “ do I
have to tell you to throw oft" a fusee
and set up a few brakes? Looks like
you could at least set up the caboose
without being told.”

  Jack retired in sullen, redfaced si-
lence to perform his duty. Sencil
went to the forward platform. Jerry
and Mike were alone in the cupola.
Through the dim light he stared across
at her. He wondered about her and
Jack, and then he wondered about her
and himself. Lightning filled the
cupola. He knew that she wras look-
ing at him, and that a faint smile was
on her face.

  Then Jack Rentfro tossed off the
fusee, set up the caboose brake, and
hurried back to the cupola. He did
not go through the side window to set
other brakes, but fell into the seat be-
side Jerry.

  Fearing he might be the third one
who makes the crowd, Mike wondered
aloud if a boomer could set brakes on
the A.&P., and without waiting for an
answer borrowed Jack's lantern and
went out on top.

  They were there for only a few min-
utes. Jack took his flag back a little
way. The trader left the train. Sen-
cil came to the caboose with two or-
ders. One of them was a meet with
an extra at Navajo, fifty miles beyond.
66

RAILROAD STORIES

The second informed them that No. 3
would wait at Navajo until 2.05 for
Extra 94 East.

  When they were two miles from
Manuelito Espee said he thought Con-
gress was going to pass the Safety Ap-
pliance Act without fail.*

  Mike could not resist the temptation
to say, “ It’s high time!”

  The conductor admitted that it was.
Mike bitterly declared that if it had
been passed when the brakes and coup-
lers were invented, Jim would still be
running an engine, and he would not
be a homeless boomer. He started to
say a lot more, but before he said it,
he remembered what Jim had whis-
pered that night at Red Bridge, and he
left it unsaid.

  Conversation lulled. At ever short-
ening intervals lightning wiped night
off the face of the desert, and engine
and cars stood out in its flare. It was
a new experience for Mike. It was
not for the others.

  Espee predicted, “ There’s going to
be a cloudburst in the hills tonight.”

 “ Do you have many washouts
here?” Mike asked.

  “ Too many,” Espee replied soberly.
“ I thought the desert was supposed
to be a dry place.”

  Mike grinned and looked at Jerry.
She flashed back, “ It’s is a dry place
till it rains.”

TEN miles out of Manuelito they
ran into the deluge. A sixtv-mile
wind drove rain and hail fiercely
against the cupola windows. The ca-
boose roof started leaking. Water

  *	The Safety Appliance Act, requiring railroads
to equip all trains with automatic air-brakes and
automatic couplers, was passed in 1893. It gave
the railroads until 1898 to complete installation,
but the time was later extended by the I.C.C.
to 1901.

streamed upon the conductor’s desk.

  Sencil started out of the cupola to
move his reports and waybills. The
caboose was rocking and swaying, leap-
ing forward, lagging back. In his
haste to save his bills, Espee forgot to
be careful. He lost his footing, lost
his handhold, and plunged to the floor.

  Rentfro started to laugh, but when
the conductor did not get up, he
changed his mind. Jerry uttered a lit-
tle cry. Mike leaped down and helped
him to his feet. He held to the grab-
iron and muttered, “ Ouch! My
ankle!”

  Mike left him clinging to the iron
and ran to move the bills to safety.
Espee started hobbling toward his
chair. Mike took him by the shoul-
ders, and Jerry and Rentfro came tum-
bling out of the cupola.

  When Sencil tugged at his shoe,
Mike had to pull it off. The ankle
was not broken, but it was dislocated.
They induced Sencil to lie down on the
bunk, and Rentfro held the leg and
Mike set the ankle as best he could.
When it was finished, Mike left Jerry
and Rentfro with the conductor and
he went back to the cupola to watch
the train.

  There was no letup in the rain or
hail. Through it, even when the light-
ning flashed over the tops of the
drenched freight cars, Mike could not
see more than six or eight of them.

  He kept watching. ■ All night the
gray snake which was the dry bed of
the Puerco had lain off to his left.
Now, as he looked, he saw the gray
snake moving, slowly at first, then
faster and faster as more water poured
into it from creeks and arrovos. Out
of Houcks they crossed Black Creek.
It was a raging torrent, with water al-
most to the rails.

  Jack Rentfro kept worrying about
LINK AND PIN

67

Crazy Creek. First, it was: “ If
there's been as much rain on the head
of Crazy Creek as there was up on the
Black, that bridge may be gone.” And
a few miles more: “ I hope that fool
hoghead stops and takes a look at
Crazy Bridge before he starts over it.”

  But the “ fool hoghead ” was a new
man. His fireman was also new, and
so was his head brakeman. They did
not know about Crazy Creek, but they
did know they had a meet with an ex-
tra at Navajo, and that if they could
make it there by 2.40 they would not
have to go in the hole somewhere else
to let No. 3 by them. The boghead
trusted to luck and the railroad track,
and kept batting the wind.

  If Espee had been in the cupola in-
stead of down there with a dislocated
ankle, he might have done something.
Jack didn’t. Jack was concerned, but
he was not sufficiently so to fight his
way to the engine through the storm
over slick running boards. He was in
the warm caboose, and he stayed
there.

TWENTY minutes ahead of No. 3
they came down on Crazy Creek.
The fury of the storm had by now
abated somewhat. It was still raining
but the rain had become a drizzle, and
the lightning was behind them. When
the engine was a hundred feet from
Crazy Bridge, there came another flash
of lightning.

  Jack raised up in his seat and peered
ahead. While he was still half on his
feet, Mike heard the whistle burst into
the scream for brakes. He started to
his feet, reaching for a club and the
conductor's lantern. The whistle broke
off in the middle of a short blast as if
it had been hit with a sledge hammer.

  Mike paused, peered forward. The
light was still in the sky. He could see

the train ahead as bright as day. He
saw the engine rise, topple, and disap-
pear, and felt the caboose jerked vio-
lently ahead. Then he knew what had
happened. They had come to Crazy
Creek.

  Rentfro left the cupola and half
leaped, half fell to the floor. Mike did
not hurry. He had been in tight spots
before he struck this one. He stayed
until he saw the head car rear up and
plunge.

  The car, like the engine, told the ca-
boose when it left the rails. There
was a violent jerk, followed by a slight
slowing and another jerk. In quick
succession these movements were re-
peated.

  Mike knew that those cars held to-
gether by link and pin, were going into
the ditch; and each car, unable to break
loose, was taking the one behind it. He
knew it was no use trying to brake the
outfit, because brakes would not hold
them to the rails. Unless wreckage
filled the washout and made a bump-
ing post for the cars behind, every car
was going in the river.

  Expecting Rentfro to rush down
immediately and either cut off the ca-
boose from the train, or drop a fusee
against No. 3, he swung down from
the cupola. Rentfro was doing neither.
He was shoving his way through the
mass of arms and legs where three In-
dians and two punchers had come alive.
He was shouting: “ We’re in the ditch.
We’ve got to jump! Jump for our
lives!”

  Mike had seen the water all around
them. He knew Crazy Creek had
piled up to the north and backwater
from the Puerco on the south, so that
they were riding a ridge between two
seas. He seized Rentfro and shouted:
“ You can't j ump 1 You’Ll be
drowned!”
68

RAILROAD STORIES

  " We’ll be drowned if we stay in this
caboose! Come on! Let’s get off
here!”

  Commanding the passengers to keep
their seats, to keep out of the way and
not to jump, Mike darted to the rear
platform, lighted a fusee and flung it
into the track. He turned and started
back to the forward end, intending to
cut off the caboose and stop it.

  When he had passed the other eight
occupants, he heard a terrific scream-
ing. He whirled and ran back. Rent-
fro had Jerry Sencil in his arms and
was carrying her toward the rear door.
She was kicking and fighting.

  But Rentfro was a madman. Mike
hesitated for a split second. If he went
to pull the pin, Rentfro would jump
off the caboose into the flood before
he could get back. If he went to
Jerry’s rescue, he might be too late to
cut off the caboose, and they might all
go into the flood to drown like rats.
He ran to Jerry’s aid.

  The girl struggled free. Rentfro
grabbed at the brake club lying be-
neath the cupola. He did not use it.
Mike shoved Jerry forward, stepped
back and struck Rentfro one short,
quick uppercut at the point of the chin.

  His knees crumpled, and he went
down.

  Mike darted back to try the coup-
ling. The caboose was jumping and
leaping so badly he could scarcely keep
his feet. He flung the passengers out
of his way and darted to the platform.
With each jerk the pin slackened. He
grabbed it and pulled, but did not get
it the first time. He tried it again, and
the pin leaped out.

  He flung the pin away, reached for
the brake wheel, and spun it until the
chain tightened. Then he surged at it
until the brakes were taut. He did
not know how many cars had already

gone from ahead of them. There might
have been ten; there might have been
twenty. Even now, there might be a
scant six car lengths between them and
the washout.

  Mike called for help; but he did not
call Jack nor the puncher. He shouted:
“Jerry! Jerry, bring me that club!”

  The girl heard and obeyed. She
dashed to where the club had fallen
from Rentfro’s .limp hand and darted
back.

  Mike used the club, and they stopped
eighty feet from the washout. He did
not go down to see where the train and
four good men had gone. No. 3 was
behind them.

  Although he was not paid to do the
flagging, he was a railroad man/ He
seized Jack’s guns and lamp and raced
through the shallow water which all
but covered the track, and when he met
the train he brought it down, coupled
it to the caboose, and backed up to the
station.

The Cars on the Prairie

IT was three days before the bridge
was rebuilt. A train came out ffom
Winslow, and Jerry took her father
home on it. Mike went with them, for
he was on his way to California. But
he did not hurry out. He stayed
around Winslow two days.

  Under pretense of inquiring after
Jerry’s father, he went to the house.
She received him cordially, ushered
him into her father’s room. They
talked like old friends.

  After awhile they began talking
about the country.

  “ You should go into the hills north
LINK AND PIN

69

of Holbrook and see the Painted Des-
ert,” Jerry breathed, her eyes kindling.
“ It is the grandest, the most magnifi-
cent sight I have ever seen. The colors
are marvelous—the reds, the blues, the
greens, the grays, never the same, ever
changing under cloud and sun and
moon.”

  The only color Mike had ever paid
much attention to was the red which
came up inside of him when railroad
workers got a raw deal. Nevertheless,
he decelared: “ I’d love to, Miss Sencil.
I’d like nothing better than to go into
this desert of yours and see what it is
like.”

  “ Why don’t you?” suggested Espee.
“ Go down to the office and get them
to mark you up on the board. It won’t
hurt you to work here among us dead-
heads a little while. I’ll be out of here
in a couple of weeks, and we can pack
out of Holbrook through the petrified
forests, and swing back through the
Painted Desert. It’s really worth the
half your life to see.”

  There was deep sincerity in the con-
ductor’s tone; the girl’s eyes were ask-
ing. Mike felt the urge to stay, but
there was his reference. He doubted
whether he could get a job or keep one
for more than a few days if he did.
When Jerry had gone, he confided his
fears to her father. Espee was seri-
ous.

  “ Ordinarily,” he said, “ you would
not have a chance in the world. But
the way things have broken, with offi-
cial attention already called to that deal
up at Crazy Creek, you might be hired
for good.”

  “ I think I’d be wasting my time to
go down, Mr. Sencil.”

  “ It’s worth the try, anyhow. I’Ll
give you a letter to Charlie Gasperson.
He’s the best official 1 ever worked
under.”

  Mike presented himself to the brass
hat. Charlie Gasperson was short, red-
haired, with keen blue eyes. Mike no-
ticed that he had lost two fingers and
that he wore the Brotherhood emblem
on his lapel.

  Ordinarily Mike was not nervous.
It had mattered little whether he was
hired or turned down. This time it was
different. He hemmed and hawed.

  “ I’m a trainman, Mr. Gasperson,”
he informed. “ I’d like to go to work
for the A.&.P.”

  “ I’ve not been hiring men, Mr. Cor-
rigan,” Gasperson said. “ But I reckon
a fellow can always hire one if he
wants to. After that affair at Crazy
Creek, I reckon the company owes you
something.”

  Mike took the application blanks,
but did not immediately begin filling
them out. Gasperson ke{>t watching
him.

  “What’s on your mind, son?” he
finally asked.

  “ It's my reference, Mr. Gasper-
son,” Mike stammered.

  “ TeLl me about it.”

  Mike told him.

  “ You know the policy of this com-
pany, Corrigan. But if you’re willing
to buckle down here and do a job rail-
roading, I’m ready to give you a
chance, reference or no reference.”

MIKE stayed at Winslow. He
soon knew that despite his pos-
sessive attitude, Jack Rentfro did not
have timecard rights with the conduc-
tor’s daughter. Jack was not even in-
vited on the three weeks’ pack trip
through the forest and the Painted
Desert. By the time they came back
Mike had a hunch that he was neither
going on to California nor going to let
his tongue make a fool out of him
again.
70

RAILROAD STORIES

  Tilings rocked along smoothly dur-
ing the fall and early winter. Mike
worked off the extra board for a while,
and when Rentfro went up running he
took the vacancy on Sencil’s car, ex-
pecting to become parlor brakeman be-
fore many months had gone.

  It was shortly after Christmas that
trouble started. There had never been
complete harmony among the four
railway labor organizations. Their in-
terests had not been in common. Op-
posing interest between the Engineers
and Firemen, and between Conductors
and Trainmen brought jealousies.

  One example of this opposing inter-
est was regarding seniority and pro-
motion. Naturally, when a brakeman
or a fireman had hired out on any
given road, he went to work with the
idea of being promoted, when his turn
came, to conductor or engineer. Com-
pany contracts with the older orders
called for employment of conductors
and engineers off other roads without
their having to go back and start at
the bottom. The big question was this:
Should the company “ make ” all its
engineers and conductors, or should it
hire part of them from other roads?

  Shrewd officials, always fearful lest
the organizations might grow too
powerful, were ready to take advan-
tage of these differences and use them
to keep the four organizations at outs.
When Trainmen made heavy demands,
the companies made concessions to
Conductors, and because the Conduc-
tors .let the Trainmen fight their own
fight, the Trainmen did likewise.

  Far-sighted labor leaders feared that
unless they could unite these orders un-
der one head it was only a question of
time until their whole force would be
disrupted. Failing to unite, their next
move was to form another organiza-
tion whose aim was to bring all railroad

men under one banner. It was in the
.late winter that this new organization,
the Brotherhood of Railway Em-
ployees, was formed.

  This new organization was exactly
what Mike Corrigan had for years
worked and hoped for. Until a young
woman and an old conductor had
pulled the board in his face and headed
him into a blind siding he had been
preaching this very thing.

  It was only natural, therefore, that
when the organizers came into Win-
slow to begin quietly building up on the
A.&P., they should seek out Corrigan.
They had his record. They knew what
he had been doing. They expected him
to throw in with them and help rally
disgruntled ones to their standard.

  Mike talked to Sencil. He had come
to have a lot of wholesome respect for
the old conductor.

  “You better lay off of ’em, boy,”
the conductor advised. “ We’ve got
our organizations with good leaders.”
“ But we’re not getting anywhere.
We’re not doing anything. We don’t
believe in fighting. We talk, but we
won’t strike.”

  Sencil smiled.

  “ A strike’s a danged good club to
carry, Mike,” he said, “ but it’s a
danged poor one to fight with.”

  “ But if we pull a strike and win
it?”

  “ That if’s an awful big word right
there, son. If we pull our strike, the
first thing the management’s goin’ to
get is an injunction. Don’t you ever
doubt that. Believe me, they’jl get it.
These Federal courts don’t decide
questions without askin’ the boys with
the dough. That’s why I’m in favor
of the strike only as a last resort.”

  “ But take this Safety Appliance
Act. Look how long it’s taken to get
that through—six years, and now five
LINK AND PIN

71

more years before it becomes obliga-
tory. Why, in five years, think how
many men—”

  “ Yeah, I know. But the thing of it
is, we got it, and we got it in such a
way that instead of losin’ friends
among the public, we’ve won ’em. Be-
fore you can get anything like that
done, you’ve got to educate the public,
and the lawmakers. Now when we ask
for something else, it’s goin’ to be a lit-
tle easier than it was this time.”

  Although not fully convinced, Mike
went away pondering the question. Al-
most he was persuaded that the con-
servatives were right, that the only way
labor would ever come to its own was
by the slow process which had re-
sulted in the passage of the hard-
fought Safety Appliance Act. Al-
though he felt almost like a traitor to
his cause, he did not join the Brother-
hood of Railway Employees then. He
might never have joined it had it not
been for P. Murphy Scoggins.

IN January Charlie Gasperson was
transferred east, and P. Murphy
wore the little brass hat into Winslow.
The first night he saw Mike, coupling
an engine to a string of reefers headed
east, he bit the end off a cigar and al-
most choked on it. Plainly he had not
forgotten two black eyes in Osawa-
tomie.

  He strode up to the brakeman and
laid a heavy hand on the jumper sleeve.

  “ What are you doin’ here, Corri-
gan?” he demanded.

  “ Supposed to be doin’ a job brakin',
Mr. Scoggins,” Mike returned with a
laugh.

  “ How'd you get here?”

  “ I rode a freight in one night.”

  “ You know what I mean, Corrigan.
How did you get a job without a ref-
erence?”

  “ On my face, I reckon, Mr. Scog-
gins.”

  “ You’re face ain’t good for a job
with me,” barked the new official.

  “ I’ve been here six months already.”

  “ You won’t be here three months
longer,” Scoggins promised as he
strode to his office.

  But Mike wanted to stay in Win-
slow longer than three months. He
liked the job; he liked the land; and
he liked Jerry. He wanted to stay;
but from the moment he heard Scog-
gins’ voice, he knew he would not do
so. No man made many trips with-
out violating some rule for which he
could be discharged, and the time
would soon come when the new official
would purposely catch him up.

  One night in February Espee took
out No. 4, while Mike was called out
of Winslow on a drag east with extra
Conductor Barton. He had three cars
of bricks for the wagon track in Hol-
brook. His engineer was Mose Kagle.

  When the new organization had
come in, trying to unite all railroad
men in one blanket brotherhood, with
existing organizations as branches of
it, Mose had thought, as many men
thought, that such a plan would help
to protect their rights. He had joined
them.

  “ It looks like a good thing for all
of us,” Kagle declared. Mike didn’t
say much. Mike had done very little
talking since he come to a job with a
monthly pay envelope and a pair of
black eyes waiting for him. He mildly
agreed it might be, but he wasn't sure.

  Kagle eyed him keenly.

  “ I’ve heard you used to favor such
an organization,” he said.

  “ Yes,” Mike admitted. “ I’ve done
a lot of talking along that line. I spent
three years hunting a job for running
off at the mouth. When I was out,
72

RAILROAD STORIES

the boys who were in didn’t worry
about me. I’m going to worry about
myself a bit this time.”

 Kagle said: “Yeah, I know.
There’s not been the protection there
should have been, but this new outfit’s
goin’ to be different.”

  “ I hope so, but I’m waiting to see
whether it is before I sign up.”

  They were running into Holbrook
when Mike said that. He crossed to
the gangway to size up the wagon track
where his three cars of bricks were
going.

  The wagon track was a spur track
then. There was a switch at the east
end, and five hundred miles of moun-
tain and desert at the other. The track
held ten cars. If someone shoved in
eleven, the end one took to the coun-
try and had to have a big hook to put
it back on the iron.

JACK RENTFRO, now conductor,
had also gone east on a drag that
night. He hauled three cars of lum-
ber for the wagon track at Holbrook.
Hours before Mike came with the
bricks, Jack had stopped to set out his
lumber.

  Jack had a student brakeman on the
head end. To make sure nothing hap-
pened, he himself rode the engine to
help get those cars into the spur. He
was talking to Engineer Frank Hilton
when they came into town, and he for-
got to count the cars on the wagon
track. It was now too dark to count
them without walking back by them.

  He asked the student brakeman how
many cars were in the track.

  “ Six, I think,” was the uncertain
answer.

  “ Aren’t you sure?”

  The student brakeman, unaware that
the spur track ended in the desert, de-
cided he was sure.

   Jack told him to cut off the .lumber
cars, while he himself opened the
switch. The new man made the coup-
ling, and they started shoving back on
the cars already there.

  When two cars were in the clear,
the swing man’s light began to talk.
It was saying “ Stop!” and saying it
with a big “ S.” Jack’s light and the
student’s light, too, said “ Stop!”
Frank Hilton stopped. They went
back to see what was wrong. Instead
of six cars in the spur there had been
ten, and they had shoved two of them
out into the prairie.

  Jack went back to the engine.
“ We’ve sure played hell, now!” he told
Hilton.

   “ What’s the matter ? Hadn’t that
nitwit counted those cars?”

   “ I’ll say he hadn’t. We’ve got two
of ’em off out there in the prairie. I
reckon,” he added gloomily, “ this
means my job and yours.”

  Hilton was an old hand. He had
been in tight spots before, and had got
out by oiling his tongue with brains
and not working it too much.

   “ We’re not fired yet, Jack, my boy.
Not by a danged sight,” he said.

  Then he proposed that instead of
.leaving the cars in the spur track, they
cut them off, take them instead around
to the house track, shove them into
clear, couple up and leave town. Since
no one had seen them and since an en-
gine leaves no fingerprints, they could
tell their tale and stand pat on it, and
no trainmaster in the world could fire
them for shoving those cars off the
end of the spur.

   That was what they did.

  When Mike got there, the extra
conductor did not come to the head
end to help Mike set out his bricks.
Mike had been railroading long enough
so that he didn’t need a conductor fol-
LINK AND PIN

73

lowing him around to tell him what to
do and how to do it. Besides, the
swing man nosed out a hot box on an
ore car, three ahead of the caboose,
and Conductor Barton stayed back to
help him brass and pack it.

  Mike watched the wagon track as he
ran in. He counted the cars, and he
knew there were ten. He figured the
track should be full, but when he got
to the switch, he saw also that there
was room for two more in the east
end.

  “ They’ve either lengthened this
track, or else somebody’s shoved some
cars out of it,” he told Kagle.

  “ Well, for gosh sake, let’s find out
before we go in there,” urged the engi-
neer.

  Mike walked the track and came
back to the engine. He was grinning.

  “ Somebody’s sure put two of ’em
out in the desert,” he said.

  “ What we goin’ to do about it ?”
queried Kagle.

  Mike studied a minute. He figured
the consignee might want to unload
bricks early in the morning. Since
there was room for two cars in the
wagon track, he could see no reason
for taking all of them to the house.

  “ We’ll take two of them in here and
take one to the house,” he decided.

  “ We’d better take ’em all to the
house,” Kagle objected. “ That offi-
cial outfit’s apt to try to hang it on us
for shoving those cars out.”

  “ We’ll nail that right away,” Mike
assured him. “ I’ll go back and tell
Barton, and he can report the matter,
if it hasn’t already been reported.”

  They set out the cars. Mike went to
the caboose. Barton and the swing man
had been brassing their journal. They
had heard the engine go into the
wagon track, come out, and go to the
house. Mike told Barton what had

happened, and Barton reported to the
dispatcher.

SCOGGINS knew when he got Bar-
ton’s report on Holbrook that he
had something on somebody if he
could only cinch it. Cars don’t walk
off spur tracks unless somebody knows
about it. His business was to find out
who knew. He was certain, from the
consist of trains going east, that the
blame lay with either Rentfro’s or Bar-
ton’s crew.

  He called Rentfro in first with
Frank Hilton.

  “ What do you know about those
two cars of flour that were shoved off
the wagon spur at Holbrook night be-
fore last, Mr. Rentfro?” he asked
viciously.

  Rentfro did not flinch or flush. He
looked straight into the official eye and
asked innocently: “What cars, Mr.
Scoggins ?”

  “ Why did you not set those three
cars of lumber into the spur where
they belonged?” Scoggins replied with
a question.

  Jack looked hurt and puzzled. “Why,
you see, Mr. Scoggins, that track only
holds ten cars. When we came in it
was full, and so we took ours on to
the house.”

  “You did, eh?”

  “ Sure,” Jack answered.

  “ Did you see whether two cars had
been shoved off that track ?”

  “ Why, no, 1 didn’t, Mr. Scoggins;
I just counted the cars.”

  “ That’s all,” Scoggins said.

  He called Hilton in, asked about the
same questions, and got about the same
answers. Convinced that this crew
was innocent, he next called Barton.
Barton had nothing to cover up. He
had no story.

  When Scoggins asked who discov-
74

RAILROAD STORIES

ered the cars, off the track, he replied
without hesitation: “ The head brake-
man, Corrigan.”

  “Corrigan, eh?” rasped the official.
“ Where were you while they were set-
ting out those cars ?”

  Barton explained that he had been
helping the swing man brass a journal.
Scoggins then wanted to know what
moves the engine made. It dawned on
Barton that trouble was in the wind.

  “ I think it went into the wagon
track, and then on up to the house,”
he finally said. “ I’m not sure.”

  “ That’s all, Mr. Barton.”

  He next called up Mike and Kagle.
They told him what they had found
and how they had done their switch-
ing.

  “ That’s a good story, boys,” the
official sneered, “ but it won’t stick.”

  “ Why won’t it stick ?” barked
Kagle.

  “ Because you fellows shoved those
two cars off the end of that track try-
ing to put your set out in there.”
“Why us?” Mike demanded.
“ Were we the only crew that used that
track that night?”

  “ Apparently you were, Corrigan.”
If Scoggins had not been looking for
a chance to fire Corrigan, he would
probably have marked the case “ Un-
able to fix responsibility,” put out a
threatening bulletin, and let it drop.
He didn’t. He fired both of them,
gave Barton ten days, and closed the
case. That is, he thought he closed it.

A Trainload of Brass Hats

MIKE was furious. Injustice
stirred his memory. He recalled
three years on the boomer trail, re-

called all the mean things he had said
during those youthful years as an agi-
tator. He decided now that he had
not said half of it.

  He talked to Sencil. The old con-
ductor advised him to let the Brother-
hood handle the case. Mike went to
the local chairman. The chairman told
him to sit tight, and promised to do
what he could.

  Kagle took his case to his Brother-
hood. Although its leaders were not
half through organizing, and in no
shape whatever to pull off a strike, they
were anxious to try out their new
machine and see how it clicked. They
heard Kagle’s story. They promised
immediate action and took the case to
the throne.

  Company officials backed Scoggins.
Right or wrong, they had to. Scog-
gins stood pat. Leaders of the new
Brotherhood backed Kagle, and de-
clared that unless he was given immedi-
ate justice, they would tie up the rail-
road.

  Kagle urged Mike to join the new
Brotherhood.

  “ We’re going to bat with this
thing,” he declared stoutly. “ We’ve got
a case, and we’ve got men enough be-
hind us to tie up this pike so tight a
snake can’t crawl over it. You line
up with us, and you’ll be back working
within a week.”

  Mike figured he was fired, anyhow.
Remembering Scoggins and Osawa-
tomie, he feared his Brotherhood could
not help him. He joined.

  Espee was upset. “ We know you
got a raw deal,” he admitted. “ But you
should have waited. We were going
to get a re-hearing. We would have
straightened the thing out peaceably
and you could have stayed on here.
Now you’ve tied our hands where we
can’t do anything.”
LINK AND PIN

75

  Mike did not have much to say.
Jerry was heartbroken.

  “ Why did you do it, Mike ?” she
sobbed.

 “ I was out anyhow," Corrigan
argued. “ I made up my mind to fight
for my rights instead of laying down
like a whipped pup and letting that
heel-chewin', toe-lickin’ blatherskite
run over me.”

  Espee knew company officials, fear-
ing the power of an organization of all
employees, were waiting a chance to
deal it a death blow. He knew that
the older orders, fearing the baby
brother might drag them into difficulty,
were also hoping it might die in in-
fancy.

  In the first place, age has always
been jealous of aspiring youth. That
was one reason. Then the men who
worked for the A.&P. were as a rule
pretty well satisfied with their treat-
ment by officials. Again, they knew
the new order favored strikes.

  It was easy to start a strike in ’93.
The new organization issued its ulti-
matum. It gave officials twelve hours
to reinstate Kagle and Corrigan. Offi-
cials ignored it. Members quit work.
Wheels stood still. But they did not
stand still long. Old organizations and
business men stood by the company;
and two days after the strike was called
it appeared certain that the cause was
lost, that Kagle and Corrigan would
not only fail to be reinstated, but the
men who had walked out in their be-
half also would be discharged.

  Then two strangers came into the
picture. The strikers disclaimed them,
though they posed as organization
men. Strikers declared afterward
they were hired by the company to stir
up trouble and discredit their cause.

  Trains began moving—irregularly,
it is true, but moving with members of

the old orders at the throttle. The
strangers filtered among the strikers
urging them to do more than talk.
They hatched schemes to destroy prop-
erty, to injure workers, to blow up
bridges and wreck trains.

  Mike and Kagle grew uneasy. They
were young. Neither had seen a real
live strike in action. They did not
want this kind of strike. But the two
men laughed at them. They talked,
and many listened. Liquor flowed.
Hard-eyed men gathered in knots in sa-
loons and on street corners, murmur-
ing, talking in undertones, hushing
when unfriendly ears were near.

  Days passed. Rumblings grew. Mike
knew something was ready to break.
He did not know what or when or
where. In the afternoon he went to
Sencil’s. Espee was east. Jerry ex-
pected him home on No. 3 at midnight.

  Mike confided his fears to Jerry.

  “ You can’t help it, boy,” she told
him.

  “ Maybe not, but I feel responsible.
It was my job.”

  “ Rats! It was not your job, Mike.
If you’d never had a job, this thing
would have come just the same. There
was Kagle, and there was the new or-
ganization. Quit worrying about it.
and let’s go for a drive in the desert.”

  Mike did not quit worrying. He
had a hunch he should stay in town
and help keep the boys under control.
He knew, however, that he could do
nothing. With two agitators talking
fight talk to hard liquor, he might as
well keep his mouth shut. He went
for the drive.

IN the Southwest spring is the time
of sandstorms. Winds whipping
dry earth from arid plains hurl and
churn it in dense clouds. That spring
the sandstorms had already come to
76

RAILROAD STORIES

Arizona. This evening, however, was
mild, with a full moon showing a yel-
low disc against the haze in the east.
Mike and Jerry crossed the tracks east
of town and headed southward.

  In town the pair filtered among
despondent strikers. They talked. Liq-
uor listened. They watched the heavens
as the moon climhed higher. A puff
of wind came, and then another and
another. By II p.m. papers, boards,
and tin cans were hurtling down the
street, and the wind, howling and
screaming through every crack and
crevice, was hurling sand eastward in
dense clouds.

  When the blow came the two men
left the saloon; and, taking two other
strangers with them, slipped cautiously
up toward the deserted roundhouse,
where a switch engine and four road
hogs were under steam. The wind
roared on. They stooped low to keep
on their feet. Sand fog hid them from
prying eyes.

  Espee Sencil came into Holbrook
on First No. 3. There was a private
car next the engine, and four sleepers
behind it. In the private car were
Scoggins, a master mechanic, a division
superintendent, a general manager, two
vice presidents, and representatives
from two of the old organizations.
They were on their way out to try to
straighten the labor tangle, either to
get strikers back to work or else fire
them and fill their places.

  They stayed in Holbrook twenty
minutes, and the train left a half hour
late.

  Meanwhile, Mike and Jerry drove
slowly. They did not stop until they
had been riding two hours, but they
stopped a long while then. It was

9.50	when they turned the team toward
home.

  The first puffs of wind came when

they had gone a mile. Mike whipped
up the horses and drove rapidly, until
the wind became so fierce and the dust
so dense he could not see the way. He
then gave the horses their heads and
let them come home at their own rate.

  Wind howled. Dust fogged. Jerry
nestled close to him in the covered
buggy. Mike looked at his watch. He
wanted to be home in time to pick up
Sencil, coming in with No. 3. It was

11.42.	While he was holding the match
to the watch, the horses stopped. When
he threw the match away, and his eyes
grew accustomed to the gray darkness,
he could see that they had come to the
crossing. The horses were stamping
and flicking their ears. He wondered
why as he reached for the whip to
urge them across.

  He did not use it, for at that in-
stant he heard the soft rumble of an
exhaust blending with the roar of the
wind and storm. Since he could not
see a headlight, he thought he must
have been mistaken. Then he heard
it again, that steady, whoosh-whoosh
of an engine running eight or ten miles
an hour.

  Soon the bulk of a locomotive
loomed out of the darkness. It clanked
by not fifteen feet from him. There
was no light in the cab, no face at the
window. Mike looked at Jerry, who
was frowning; and then he looked back
at the engine. It had disappeared.

  He was too dumfounded to act. He
could not figure what an engine had
been doing out here without a head-
light. Then he remembered the two
agitators and a lot of strike and wreck
talk. He also remembered that No. 3
was almost due, that Espee Sencil was
on it, and that Jerry was going to meet
him. He seized the whip and lashed
the horses into a gallop.

  On the way in he confided his sus-
LINK AND PIN

77

picions to Jerry. She did not say
much. He drove straight to the office,
flung the lines to her and told her to
wait until he came back.

  Before he went in he sized up the
yard. Through the darkness he could
see an engine on Track 2. It was wait-
ing to take No. 4 east. As he went up
the stairs he met Kagle and No. 4’s
conductor. Kagle yelled to ask about
his hurry.

  He did not answer, but darted to the
dispatcher’s desk.

  “ Well, what’s the matter with
you?” the dispatcher demanded.

  Mike explained. The dispatcher
scoffed, but soon he quit scoffing and
thought. While he was thinking, the
roundhouse reported that somebody
had stolen a switch engine off the
cinder pit.

THE dispatcher got busy then.
With all the brass hats on his rail-
road headed for a head-on collision
with a loose engine, it was time to get
busy. He called the conductor wait-
ing to take out No. 4.

  “ There’s a wild engine loose east
of here,” he groaned. “ It’s heading
right into the face of Three. Grab
your engine and overtake it before they
hit.”

  “ Can’t,” growled the conductor.
“ Hoghead’s up at the lunch counter.”
“ Get him and go. Three's been out
of Joseph City since—”

  “ You’ve not got time to get him,”
Mike interrrupted. “ Use Kagle. He’s
right outside.”

  The dispatcher didn’t debate long.
He yelled, “ Get out!”

  Mike got out, grabbing Kagle as he
went. Kagle had a stubborn streak
in him. He declared he was fired. For
a second Mike thought he was not go-
ing.

  Kagle was stubborn, but he was no
fool. He knew that a wreck which
could be laid at the door of striking
union men would do his organization
more harm in a minute than it could
undo in twenty years. He dashed to-
ward the waiting engine. Mike opened
the switch. Kag.le worked cylinder
cocks, reverse and throttle. The high-
wheeled passenger engine stepped away
from the station and roared into the
night.

  Dust and sand laid a receding cur-
tain over the track. Ten feet beyond
their headlight its rays were lost in
the dense fold. The curtain was ahead,
but the men knew that just behind it
a switch engine was chugging up the
slight grade, and beyond the switch
engine a passenger train was roaring
down making time. Where the engine,
where the train, they did not knew.

  Mike and Kagle reckoned the wild
engine had come over the crossing at

11.42.	Mike had guessed its speed
at ten miles an hour. It was now 12.12.
The engine should have gone five miles.
Kagle took the chance, and advanced
speed to forty miles an hour. It seemed
a thousand.

  Fives miles out he slowed to thirty.
Mike started through the front cab
window.

  “ Where you goin’ ?” Kagle asked
him.

  “To the pilot where I can look and
listen.”

  “ You’d better stay inside. If we
hit that goat with you out there, there
won’t be a grease spot left of you.”

  But he went to the pilot. The odor
of coal smoke came to his nostrils, and
he knew that locomotive was not far
away. He was glad this passenger en-
gine had air brakes. He remembered
how for years he had talked and fought
for them. He swung his .lantern to a
78

RAILROAD STORIES

slow sign. Kagle obeyed. The engine
drifted—twenty-five, twenty. The gap
should now be closing.

  Mike peered ahead. Then the shape
loomed out of the dust fog—a dim
shape, darting closer, drawing relent-
lessly upon him. He shouted loud and
swung to a stop sign. The brakes took
hold.

  Air brakes checked the speed. He
stood poised on the platform. The
drawbars crashed together. In the in-
stant they struck, Mike leaped for the
grab iron on the switcher. The impact
of the engine striking from behind
shot it forward. His arms almost came
from their sockets, and his fingers
slipped on the steel. He clung for life
as his feet dangled. Then he found
a step, and he scrambled over the
tender and into the cab.

  He had already known what he
found. The engine was deserted, her
throttle cracked, reverse up, boiler hot
and full of water. He closed the throt-
tle. When Kagle came to take charge,
Mike grabbed torpedoes and fusees and
sprinted up the track to flag No. 3.

NEXT morning the town was full
of rumors. Everybody was talking
except the men who knew. They were
keeping mum.

  They were still keeping mum when
Mike and Kagle, invited by Scoggins,
went to the office. It was full. Jack
Rentfro was there squirming and star-
ing sullenly at the toe of his shoe.
Frank Hilton was there, grinning.
Proud sponsors for the infant Brother-
hood were also there, and staid repre-
sentatives of older ones, and more
brass hats than the two road men had
ever seen together.

  A bearded high-hat opened the ses-
sion by explaining that due to mis-
statements of certain employees certain

other employees had been unjustly dis-
charged from their position.

  He went on to say that in the light
of this information, his company
deemed it only just and right that the
men so discharged should be restored
to their positions, with full pay for all
time lost.

  The stranger then cast his eyes upon
the brakeman and the engineer.

  “ Are you ready to return to work
under those conditions?” he queried.

  Mike looked at Kagle, and Kagle
looked at Mike.

  “How about the other fellows?”
Mike asked.

  “ Oh, the boys who—who laid off
work for a few days?”

  Mike grinned at Kagle, nodded yes
to the official.

  “ Their case has been handled sat-
isfactorily to all concerned,” the offi-
cial assured him.

  “ In that case, I’m ready to go back
to work and let the matter drop,” Mike
answered quietly.

  “ Same here,” boomed Kagle.

  Officials remained inside. Men
came out. On the platform, where
spring sunshine smiled and soft wind
played with drifted sand, they stopped
to review the investigation.

  “ By gosh,” it was Kagle, drawing
a folded check through his fingers who
spoke, “ I’ve seen something today that
I never expected to see.”

  “ What’s that?” Mike queried.

  The answer came quickly:

  “ Railroad officials righting a wrong
done a workman.”

  “ Railroad officials,” Sencil ob-
served, “ do whatever external circum-
stances force them to do. When or-
ganized capital was dictator, they sac-
rificed lives for profits; when labor,
united into sane organizations, has
come into its own, then the welfare of
LINK AND PIN

79

the workmen will be seriously con-	Alone in the caboose, they sat very

sidered."	close together. Neither of them heard

  The others agreed. Mike walked	the creak of springs when a heavy form

home with Sencil. All the way he kept	swung up the platform. They did hear

thinking about the day when freight	a loud, “ Ahem!”
trains braked by air would thunder

over plain and moun-
tain; when trainmen,
instead of battling
Death on reeling icy
top, would sit comfort-
ably in cab and cupola, where a touch
of the hand would set brakes as if by
magic. No more rushing out to obey
the dreaded call. No more darting be-
tween cars to lift a link or drop a pin.

THE next day Sencil's crew was
called on an orange drag east
shortly after noon. Jerry went down
to the caboose with Mike and her
father. She was chatting with Mike
while he cleaned his markers.

He Coupled Onto
the Caboose and
Backed Up to tha
Station

   Jerry blushed, and they both looked
around. P. Murphy Scoggins was
standing in the open door, grinning.
He sauntered in. He beamed on Mike
and Jerry, asked her jokingly:

   “ Learning to be a brakeman, Miss
Sencil ?"

Mike answered for her, “ Only a
brakeman’s better half, Mr. Scoggins.”
Jerry turned a deeper crimson.
Scoggins chuckled and laid a hand on
80

RAILROAD STORIES

Mike’s shoulder—a friendly hand such
as he had laid upon it that day back
in Osawatomie.

  “ Wrong, Corrigan,” he growled.
“ The better half of a freight con-
ductor. Rentfro resigned last night.
I need another conductor on the board.
Come up when you get in from this

trip, and take your examination.”
“ You bet I will!” said Mike eagerly.
“ Thanks a lot, Mr. Scoggins.”

  Having finished his errand, the offi-
cial sauntered out into the spring sun-
shine. Mike took Jerry in his arms.

  “ It looks like I’ve got the breaks
at last,” he said huskily.

Railroad Buys Mine to Prevent Mining

THE only recorded purchase of a mine, in order to prevent
the mining of coal, has just been announced. The London,
Midland & Scottish Ry. of Great Britain recently bought an im-
portant mine, one of whose principal veins passed beneath its
tracks between Nuneaton and Tam worth in Staffordshire. The
company’s object was to prevent the mining of coal, and conse-
quent weakening of its roadbed. Mining, carried on in this vein,
caused railroad authorities to limit train speeds through the area
to 30 miles per hour, which led to a two minutes’ delay of every
train. Now that mining is stopped, the mine has been filled up
and shut off. Trains have returned to their normal speed of 65 to 75 miles per hour.

Special Freight Cars for “ De Luxe Hoboes ”

NOW that Spring is here, hikers in France are getting a lucky break. The French
State Railways have turned over a large number of box cars for the use of en-
gine-picture fans, gypsies, hoboes and other wanderers who can afford to hire them.
These cars are painted white, inside and out, and fitted with cook stoves and hooks
for hanging hammocks. For only 18 francs ($1.35) a day they are rented to parties
of not less than six and not more than ten per car, regardless of sex, and may travel
anywhere in France. For the additional price of a third-class ticket the “ de luxe
hoboes ” can have their freight cars attached to fast passenger trains and travel in
speed as well as comfort. North American railroads that desire to popularize their
passenger traffic would do well to adopt this idea.

4 R
A Race That Cost
44 Lives

DWARD FARR, a locomotive
H I en8‘neer on ^e Reading Rail-
fcr H J way, was making his last run.

^ was Thursday, July 31st,
J 1896. Farr had already turned
in his resignation.

  “ There isn’t enough money in railroad-
ing,” he said. “ I’m quitting the road and
going into business.” So he was. He and
his wife had been saving money for years
to open a store in Atlantic City, selling
souvenirs and novelties. On August first,
the very peak of the season, they were
opening the store.

  The boys in the engine house at Cam-
den, N. J., wished him the best of luck.
Eddie Farr was popular, and had been in
engine service on the Reading since June,
1890. On one occasion he had been laid
off for two weeks for not making time on
the run between Philadelphia and Atlantic
City, but tonight he’d bring No. 23, the
Philadelphia Express, into Atlantic City on
the dot. The timetable said 6.55, and 6.55
it would be.

  In the summer of 1896 the 55^-mile
run to the shore took seventy minutes. A
year later a new Atlantic type Baldwin,
No. 1027, with Vauclain compound cylin-
ders, pulling five cars, was able to do it in
463/2 minutes—at the rate of 71.6 miles

   5	R

per hour. That made the 1027 the fastest
locomotive in the world in her day. But
on July 31st, 1896, the 70-minute run was
considered pretty good, especially as the
boys usually shaved two or three minutes
off the schedule.

  Farr climbed into the cab in the dingy
Camden terminal, and at 5.43 he opened
the throttle for his final trip. Starting
three minutes late was not unusual.

  In the cab with Farr was another engi-
neer who was going to take over his run
the following day, and his fireman, Tom
O’Houlihan.

  Nobody knows just what Farr was
thinking of that fatal day, but there can
be no doubt that his mind was occupied
with subjects which had little to do with
his duties as a locomotive engineer. May-
be he was regretting his retirement; maybe
the thoughts of his new store were upper-
most in his mind.

  Farr’s only extended words on the whole
trip were spoken to his fireman at Ham-
monton, a little more than halfway be-
tween Philadelphia and Atlantic City.
They stopped here for a half minute, and
it was here that Farr made a remark about
the fire. None of the three men in the cab
said anything about the fact that they
were still three minutes late.

By E. 8. HEINEMAN

Author of “ America's Greatest Rail Disaster "

Signal Used at
Meadow, N. J., in
1896 and Diagram
Showing Collision
82

RAILROAD STORIES

  In those days travel between Philadel-
phia, Atlantic City and intermediate points
was maintained by three railroads. Two
of them were in the Pennsylvania System,
namely, the West Jersey & Seashore and
the Camden & Atlantic. The third, the
Atlantic City Railroad, was part of the
Reading.

  Those three lines ran out of the coast
resort on two nearly parallel tracks. The
two Pennsy roads left one station and
crossed the same bridge, while the Reading
used a station about eight blocks below,
and crossed a drawbridge of its own a few
hundred yards below the other bridge.

  After crossing the bridge the two Pennsy
roads were obliged to cross over the double-
tracked Reading line at grade. This inter-
section was marked by the Meadow tower,
1.7 miles from the Reading’s Atlantic City
terminal. After passing this tower, north-
bound, the West Jersey tracks paralleled
the Reading's and went on to the main line
of the Camden & Atlantic.

  In brief, the West Jersey trains had to
cross the Reading tracks in order to con-
nect with the C. & A. This crossover was
in a swampy section known as “ the Mead-
ows.” The Reading permitted the crossing
of their tracks by virtue of an agreement
with the Pennsy dated June nth, 1886,
but normally gave their own trains the
right of wray at that point. This dangerous
crossing was protected by a signal tower
and the rule providing that all engines and

trains approaching the crossing had to be
prepared to come to a full stop 150 feet
from the crossing unless the signal of right-
of-way was displayed.

  The signals were electrically controlled,
and it was impossible for the towerman to
give two trains a “ come ahead ” signal at
the same time. The normal position of the
semaphore, whenever a train approached,
always indicated danger. If the operator
gave it a white board (the “ highball ” in
those days) all the other levers were locked
automatically at red. It wTas utterly im-
possible for a towerman, even though he
were drunk or half asleep, to give more
than one train a clear signal at any time.

  The signal could be seen clearly more
than a mile away, and a train running at
fifty miles per hour could be stopped with-
in 1500 feet of any point where the brakes
were applied. Under the rules, it was the
towerman’s duty to give a Reading train
the right-of-way, unless a West Jersey
train should ring the bell first, and pro-
vided that he had no exact knowledge of
the position of the Reading train.

ON the 31st of July, 1896, Nicholas
Long held the day trick at Meadow
tower, and George F. Hauser succeeded
him on night duty. Hauser was a small,
slightly-built man twenty seven years old.
He had been working in that tower for
only a month.

  Hauser arose at noon on the 31st,

The Famous 1027 on the Atlantic City Railroad. Forty Years Ago She Was the World's Fastest
Locomotive, Often Making 115 m.p.h. on the Camden-Atlantic City Run. She Had 13 and 22 by
26-Inch Cylinders and 84%-lnch Drivers. Rebuilt to No. 25 about 1904, with Smaller Drivers and

Simple Cylinders, Scrapped in 1928
A RACE THAT COST 44 LIVES

83

Meadow Tower and Crossing, Scene of Wreck	Engr. Edward Farr

strolled to the beach, and hung around
some of the boardwalk refreshment saloons
for about three hours, although he main-
tained later that he did not drink anything
stronger than soda pop. That night at
6.38 he reported for duty at the tower.
He greeted the day man, who completed
his train sheet and left three minutes later.

  Leisurely the night man took off his coat
and vest—it was a warm evening—and
hung them in a closet. As he turned from
the closet the West Jersey Railroad indi-
cator rang, notifying him of the approach
of a southbound train. Hauser looked at
the clock, saw that the Reading express
was due in three minutes. Then he peered
down and saw the West Jersey train ap-
proaching. It happened to be a little late,
and the Reading was not yet due, so he
gave the West Jersey the right-of-way at
the crossover.

  The West Jersey train, No. 70, was the
first section of an excursion of seven
coaches carrying some 700 members of the
Improved Order of Red Men and their
families. Most of the excursionists had
come from Bridgeton and other near-by
points in southern New Jersey. They had
just settled themselves for the homeward
trip when the train pulled into the
Meadows.

  This first section, which had been sched-
uled to leave at 6.30, was a few minutes
late in getting under way. After crossing
the drawbridge, No. 70 was halted near
Meadow tower to wait for two other trains.
This delay caused the collision.

ENGINEER FARR, home bound on
his final run, had the throttle wide
open to make up lost time. He was fa-
miliar with the crossover, but he knew that
the Reading towerman usually gave Read-
ing trains the right-of-way.

  O’Houlihan testified later that while
crossing the Meadows he, the fireman, saw
a train going ahead of them on the paral-
leling Camden & Atlantic tracks. It was
the fireman’s duty to ring the bell to an-
nounce to the tower man the coming of
No. 23, and he did so. At that time he
was in the tender, shoveling coal. To see
ahead he would have been obliged to put
his head out one side. So he did not ob-
serve, until two whistles were blown, that
the West Jersey excursion was coming to-
ward him, and that nothing could stop
them now from meeting on the crossover.

  In that instant Farr noticed, apparently
for the first time, that Hauser had set the
red board against the Reading train. Farr
saw that he had lost the race to the cross-
84

RAILROAD STORIES

                                               Photo from Geo. B. Jiitz. 1/713 Penn St., Philadelphia. Pa.
Another Fast-Stepper, P.R.R. 1658. This Type of Power Hauled the Ill-Fated Red Men’s Special
on July 31, 1896. Built at Altoona in 1893. Cylinders, 18*4 by 24 Inches; Drivers, 78 Inches;
Boiler Pressure, 175 Lbs.; Total Weight, 122,600 Lbs.; Tractive Force, 15,660 Lbs. This Photo
Was Taken at Camden in 1897, Just Before the Engine Made a Record Run to Atlantic City,

58 Miles in 45 Minutes!

over, but now it was too late to do any-
thing about it. Without a wrord he “ wiped
the clock.” Tom O’Houlihan made a wild
dive out of the gangway just before the
collision, but Farr stayed at his post.

  The Reading engine plowed into the
second passenger coach of the excursion
with terrific force at an angle of about
thirty degrees, cutting the train clean in
two and smashing the coach to bits. Noth-
ing was left of that car but a mass of tan-
gled splinters and twisted steel, in which
were mixed the bodies of wounded and
dead victims and their belongings.

  To add to the horror of the catastrophe,
the boiler of Farr’s engine exploded almost
immediately, deluging many of the passen-
gers with scalding water and live steam.
Then the engine toppled into the marsh.

JOHN GREINER, engineer of the ill-
fated Red Men’s special, took his un-
damaged locomotive back to the round-
house in Camden shortly after midnight
and gave thi? version of the story:

  “ My train left Atlantic City at 6.45
p.m. She was about two minutes late when
we reached the drawbridge. Just as we
were leaving the drawbridge I looked out
of one of the cab windows and saw the
Reading express traveling to Atlantic City.
A Camden & Atlantic train was running in

the same direction, and the two trains
seemed to be racing.

  “ Looking up at the tower, I saw that I
had a clear track. The signals are inter-
locking, and the fact that the w’hite was
against me would throw the red against the
Reading express. As the express came
thundering upon the crossing I saw that a
collision was unavoidable.

  “ ‘ My God, Horace,’ I said to my fire-
man, ‘ he’s not going to stop!’

  “ Then I left my seat and hurried on to
the engine’s steps. For an instant I was
undecided whether to jump or not. Some-
thing seemed to prevent me from jump-
ing—it may have been a hunch. I sprang
quickly into the cab again. The next min-
ute the collision came. Had I followed
my first impulse and jumped I would have
been crushed to death.”

  Calls for Jhelp were sent to Atlantic City,
and large quotas of policemen, firemen,
doctors and railroad wrecking hands soon
appeared on the scene, together with a very
large number of spectators who pressed into
service all sorts of vehicles which cluttered
the highway and impeded the efforts of the
rescuers. Police had to beat back the curi-
osity seekers with clubs.

  Pathetic reminders of a happy day spent
at the shore were found among the debris—-
children’s shovels, spades and sand moulds,
A RACE THAT COST 44 LIVES

85

shells, souvenirs purchased at boardwalk
shops, salt water taffy being carried to rela-
tives at home. Clasped in the lifeless hands
of one woman was an unbroken plate on
which was painted: “ A Merry Time in At-
lantic City.”

  The Reading engine was a mass of scrap
iron and rubbish, piled up with a smashed
car and partly buried in the soft black
mud. From this mass the body of Engi-
neer Farr was taken just as the gray of
dawn was showing in the east. It was with
difficulty that his tightly clenched fingers
were pried loose from the throttle and air
brake—for he had died at the throttle, like
the heroic engineers of song and story. By
a strange freak of Fate, he himself was a
member of the Improved Order of Red
Men, whose excursion he had crashed into.

  The other runner in the cab, who was
to have taken over Farr’s run on August
first, also perished in the wreck.

AT Coroner McLaughlin’s inquest a few
days later, witnesses testified that the
two trains had been racing to the cross-
over. George Hauser, the towerman, look-
ing pale and worn from brooding over the
tragedy, said he had given the clear track
to the excursion train when he saw that
the flier was a mile or more away.

  He insisted that Farr had plenty of time
in which to stop his train if he had tried
to do so. “ I heard no sound of the Read-
ing train putting on brakes,’’ he declared.

  “ Trains at crossings,” Hauser pointed
out, “ are governed by signals and not by
schedules or anything else. Even if a train
is behind time, the towerman is expected
to use his own judgment in deciding
whether or not it is to be given the right-
of-way. I looked in both directions before
giving the signals. These signals can be
seen for a mile and a half.”

  Immediately after the collision the sig-

The Wreck Cast a Pall on Atlantic City’s Vacation Season. Boardwalk, Beach and Amusement
Pavilions Were Deserted; Thousands Gathered to Watch the Wrecking Crews at Work. Sketch
Made on the Scene by a Staff Artist for the N. Y. Herald
86

RAILROAD STORIES

                                               Photo from D. E Blome, 1112 Spring St.. Heading, Pa.

No. 266, Camel-Back 4-4-0 Type of Locomotive Used by the Reading Railway to Haul Its Pas-
senger Trains at the Time of the “ Race That Cost 44 Lives.” A Pew Engines of This Type
(D5 Class) Are Still in Branch-Line Service. Cylinders, 20 by 22 Inches; Drivers, 68^ Inches;
Boiler Pressure, 200 Lbs.; Tractive Force, 21,839 Lbs.

nals were examined and found to be in
the position described by Operator Hauser.

  Both the Pennsy and the Reading com-
panies did everything possible for the care
of the victims, sparing no expense. Both
roads were represented at the inquest with
their lawyers and high officials. Later the
jury visited the scene of the wreck and lis-
tened intently while E. O. Dayton, super-
intendent of the same road, described how
the block signal system was operated. On
August 7th, 1896, came the verdict:

    The jurors are of the opinion that
  the cause of the collision was the fail-
  ure of Edward Farr, engineer of train
  No. 23, to give heed in time to have
  his train under proper control on ap-
  proaching the signals and crossing,
  under the rules.

    The jurors further declare that the
  towerman, George F. Hauser, may have
  used poor judgment in his estimate of
  the distance away of the Atlantic City

  Railroad (Reading) train when he gave
  the white board to the West Jersey
  & Seashore excursion train, No. 70.

  A double funeral was held from the little
novelty shop on Atlantic Avenue that the
Farrs had planned to open on August first,
the day after Farr quit the railroad. Mrs.
Farr was in the store, which was gayly be-
decked with streamers and a horseshoe
floral display labeled “ Success,” when the
news came of her husband’s death. The
shock killed her instantly. A crowd of
five thousand attended the double funeral.

  The catastrophe at the Meadows threw
a pall over the seashore resort at the height
of its season. Amusement booths and pa-
vilions were closed, the famous boardwalk
was deserted, and flags floated at half staff
all over the city until all of the bodies of
victims had been buried. A final check-up
showed 44 dead and 70 injured.
aivtercv

RAILROAD questions are answered
here without charge, but these
rules must be observed;

  (1)	Not more than two questions at
a time. No queries about employment.

  (2)	Always enclose a self-addressed,
stamped envelope, to facilitate our get-
ting in touch with you if necessary.
We will print only your initials.

  (3)	Don’t be disappointed if answers
do not appear at once. They are printed
two months before date of issue.

DOES the piston of a forward-running loco-
motive move backward when it slides to-
ward the rear end of the cylinder, or does it
always move forward?—A. S., Trenton, N. J.

  Assuming that you define movement in relation
to the ground over which the locomotive passes,
the piston of a forward-running locomotive always
moves forward, even when it is in the middle of
its backward stroke. Obviously if it is to move
backward in relation to the ground it must cover
a distance about equal to half the circumference
of the driving wheel, since during the course of
a single stroke the driver makes a half revolution.
The specifications of most locomotives show that
during a single stroke of one of their pistons they
move a distance at least three times as great as
the stroke; and hence the piston can never move
backward in relation to the ground while the
engine is running forward. A moment's thought
will tell you that no engine could be built to
the stroke of the piston
longer than the driver's
is considerably less than

work otherwise, since
cannot very well be
diameter, which itself
half its circumference.

■J*

WS.—The largest and most powerful 0-4-0
• type of which we have record is Penn-
sylvania Class A-ss, which has 20 x 24 cylinders,
50-in. drivers, 185 lbs. pressure, weighs 131,750
lbs., exerts 30,192 lbs. t.f.

J*

JN the cartoon on page 59 of your December,
’35, issue you state that Long Island engine
No. 307 was scrapped and its bell hung in a

 Askus

wkaivou
want to Know

 church. On a recent visit to New York, almost
 the first L. 1. engine 1 saw was No. 307, her bell
 clanging noisily. Please explainJ. L. K.

 The Long Island did scrap No. 307, but it
 bought another engine to take its place and num-
 bered it 307. This engine was formerly No. 3062,
 Class H-6sb, of the PRR.

J*

 DOES the size 0} the locomotives they operate
 have anything to do with the wages engine-
 men are paid?—W. R., Drayton, N. D.

 Yes; wages sometimes vary as much as 20%
 according to the weight of the locomotive, on
 the principle that it takes more out of the men
 to operate the heavier machines. See page 83
 of last July’s issue for a list of sample wage rates.

v*

 WHAT is meant by tractive force?

 (2) Is engine 377 of the M-K-T still in
 service?—J. M., N. Y.

 (1)	It is a convenient rating of the engine's
 pulling power, but since it is calculated from the
 engine’s dimensions, it gives the pulling power
 developed at the rims of the driving wheels when
 the locomotive is starting its load. The force
 which the engine exerts in moving the train
 (drawbar pull) obviously is less, since it uses some
 of its tractive force to start itself and tender.
 A ^oo-ton motive power unit, for example, re-
 quires almost 2,000 lbs. of force to start moving.

 (2)	According to our records, yes.

J*

 AC., Montreal.—The New York Central Sys-
 < tem owns 41 wrecking cranes, the largest
 of which are located at the more important
 terminals.

J*

TG.—The following steam railroads operate

•	in the State of Arizona:

 Apache

 Santa Fe

 Magma Arizona

 Ray & Gila Valley

 Southern Pacific

 Tucson, Cornelia & Gila Bend

 Verde Tunnel & Smelter

 Yuma Valley

87
New Gals That Are Setting the Style

88

RAILROAD STORIES
BY THE LIGHT OF THE LANTERN

89

The Last Steam Locomotive Built by the Brooks Locomotive Works at Dunkirk, N. Y.: No. 10
of the Crossett Western Co. She Has 18x24 Cylinders, 44-Inch Drivers, 190 Lbs. Pressure, Weighs
168,000 Lbs., Exerts 28,500 Lbs. T. F. See Answer to H. F. K.

RT. P., Chicago.—With 6,616 miles of line,

•	Illinois Central stands thirteenth among
U. S. railroads in mileage. In operating revenues,
however, it claims seventh place, with only the
PRR, NYC System, SP, AT&SF, B&O and C&O
ahead of it.

&

WHEN and for whom did the Brooks Loco-
motive Works at Dunkirk, N. Ybuild its
last locomotives?

  (2) In the February issue you state that the
NYC owns 50% of the P&LE stock. Who owns
the rest?—H. F. K., Cleveland.

  (1)	The last real locomotive was No. 10, a
2-8-2 tank type built for the Crossett Western, a
lumber company; it was shipped March 1, IQ29.
Photo on this page. Six months later, however,
the Brooks Works shipped a snowplow (No. 706)
to the Southern Pacific, which was the last piece

of motive power—if it can be classed as such—
to be made in the plant.

  (2) A few years ago the Vanderbilt family
(also the largest individual stockholders in the
New York Central) held 17% of P&LE stock,
and the rest was owned by various individuals
and firms in lots of not more than 5% each.
According td our best information, the lineup is
still about the same.

PLEASE print a short history of both the
New Jersey Midland and the Montclair Rail-
way of New Jersey.—W. R., Batavia, N. Y.

  The New Jersey Midland was chartered in 1870
and opened in 1872. When completed it ran from
Jersey City to Middletown, 88 miles. It was
operated by the New York & Oswego Midland
until 1875, when it went into receivership. In

                                                        Photo from /. N. Morrill (See Page 117)
More Than 40 Years Ago Soo Line Engine No. 6 Was Equipped with the Famous Holman
Trucks, Which Were Designed to Increase the Potential Speed of a Locomotive. Although They
Were Used for Demonstration Purposes All One Summer in Its Shoreham Yard, the Soo Never
Allowed No. 6 in Road Service While the Trucks Were Under It. Later the Trucks Were Shipped
East and Used on the South Jersey R.R., Where They Finally Gained the Unkind Nickname of
“ Holman's Absurdity.” (See Pages 38 and 39 of Our April, '34, Issue)
90

RAILROAD STORIES

                                         photo by T. B. Annin, 13 May Terrace, Maplewood, X. J
Boston & Maine Electric Engines Nos. 5000, 5005 and 5006 Waiting at the East Portal of the
Famous Hoosac Tunnel (See Page 52) to Take a Westbound Freight Train Through the Bore

1881 it consolidated with the Paterson Extension,
the Midland Connecting, the North Jersey, the
Water Gap, and Pennsylvania Midland to form
the New York, Susquehanna & Western, which is
now part of the Erie. Practically all of what
was the old New Jersey Midland, therefore, is
now part of the Erie's NYS&W line.

  The Montclair Railway of New Jersey was
opened in 1874. It ran from Jersey City to
Greenwood Lake, 41 miles (with branches, 54).
After going bankrupt in 1875, it was sold and
reorganized as the Montclair & Greenwood Lake;
and it was again sold and reorganized as the
N. Y. & Greenwood Lake three years later, at
which time the Erie gained control. It is now
part of the Erie.

I HAVE noticed that Ike new Atlantic types
(the Milwaukee’s Hiawatha, CPR 3000) have
llieir main rods connected with the first set of
drivers, but that the older ones have theirs con-
nected to the second. What is the advantage of
the former arrangement?—W. M., Chicago.

  Connecting the main rod to the first set of
drivers on a four-coupled engine is not particularly
new, since not only were all the old 4-4-0's so
connected, but some of the older Atlantic types
as well. The Santa Fe, for example, is still using
many of them. This practice produces a smoother-
running and better-riding machine and it obvious-
ly reduces the weight of the reciprocating parts.

Probably the only reason that some of the older
Atlantics are connected to the rear set of drivers
was the fact that the drivers were too far for-
ward to permit anything else.

ARE there any characteristics besides the wheel
arrangement which designate the type of a
locomotive?

  (2) For what reasons were engines given their
wheel arrangement?—A. W., Chicago.

  (1)	What you probably want to know is
whether or not there are locomotive typefi based
on characteristics other than wheel arrangement.
The answer is that there are to a limited extent,
but that they are not nearly so important as
wheel arrangement. We have compound and sim-
ple types, superheated and saturated types, fire-
tube and water-tube types, and lots of other types.
None of them, however, identify a locomotive so
completely and tell so much about it as its wheel
arrangement; thus it is logically the ideal standard
for classifying engines.

  (2)	To answer this adequately would demand
a history of the locomotive, and we haven’t room
for even a brief one here. Years ago we printed
a pictorial history of the locomotive called “ The
Development of the Locomotive ” which answered
your query to a certain extent,, but the issues in
which it appeared are no longer available. We
suggest you look up material in your library on
the subject; situated in a large city, you should
have no trouble in finding what you want. We
LANTERN	91

BY THE LIGHT OF THE

 also suggest you follow our series of articles by
 Arthur Curran, who discusses a specific type in
 each article. The next will concern itself with
 the Mogul type; those already printed have taken
 up the eight-wheeler, the Consolidation, and the
 Forney types.

             *

 OP.—The Denver & Rio Grande Western still
 • operates its line from Alamosa, Colo., to
 Santa Fe, N. M. Between Alamosa and Antonito
 it is standard gage; between Antonito and Santa
 Fe, narrow-gage.

                         J*

 EM., Greenwich, Conn.—The only two-fcot
 • gage common carriers operating in North
 America for the last decade are, or were, the
 narrow gage roads of Maine. They were dis-
 cussed in great detail in an article by Linwood
 Moody in our issue of last September.	m

    (2) See answer to R. R. for history of Corn-
 wall & Lebanon.

 MB. C.—More than a year ago the New
     • York Central discontinued the practice of

 having passenger trains running in more than one	£

 section display green flags for the following sec-	“

 tion. Apparently the change was made for sim-	H

plicity’s sake.	t,

WN., Philadelphia.—The Montour R.R., ?
• which runs between Montour Jet. and =
Mifflin Jet. and Groveton and Moon Run, Pa., n
was incorporated in 1917 as a consolidation of
the Montour Ry., the North Star & Mifflin, and
the Pittsburgh & Moon Run. A coal-carrying
road owned by the Pittsburgh Coal Co., it oper-
ates 57 miles of track, has 21 locomotives, 1,479
cars, employs around 400 people, and is in ex-
cellent financial shape.

L.—What is (or -was) the Coal Fields Ry.

    « was formerly the Stone Canyon RR, which <«
 ran from McKay to Stone Canyon Jet., Calif. S
 A couple years ago the Coal Fields was still run- S
 ning between McKay (on the SP) and nearby
 mines, but the line to Stone Canyon, up in the
 mountains, had not been used for years. See page
 02 of our Nov., ’33, issue and page 135 of our
 June, ’34, issue for additional data and photo.

                               • <5*

 GS., Underwood, Minn.—The railroads of the
 » Northwest are in much better condition
 than they were two years ago, and of them all
 the Great Northern is probably in the best shape.

 Its operating revenues in 1935 were about 15%
 greater than in 1934, while operating expenses
 were only 2% higher. This left a net railway
 operating income (out of which fixed charges have
 to be paid) more than three times that of the
 Northern Pacific, whose total operating revenues
 in 193s were two-thirds as much, and almost six
 times that of the Milwaukee Road, whose total
92

RAILROAD STORIES

Another New Iron Horse for American Rails! This Is No. 5350, 4-6-4 Type of the Baltimore &
Ohio, Built Last Fall in Its Mt. Clare Shops. She Is Class V-3, Has 22^x29 Cylinders, 80-Inch
Drivers, 350 Lbs. Pressure, Weighs 365,000 Lbs. Without Tender, Exerts 52,000 Lbs. T. F. (64,100
with Booster), Is Being Used Between New Castle, Pa., and Chicago

operating revenues were u% higher than the
Great Northern’s.

  (2) The coaches of the North Coast Limited
which bear the inscription CB&Q are owned by
the Burlington, which operates the train between
St. Paul and Chicago.

&

RR., Des Moines, la.—The Cornwall &

•	Lebanon, a standard-gage line which ran
between Lebanon and Conewago, Pa., 22 miles
(24 with branches), was chartered in 1882, opened
in 1883, and in 18&6 merged with the Colebrook
Valley RR (Conewago to Cornwall, 16 miles). In

1889 it had 12 locomotives and 74 cars. It is
now part of the Pennsylvania. Its narrow-gage
subsidiary was the Mt. Gretna Narrow-Gage, a
two-foot line which ran from Mt. Gretna to
Governor Dick, 4 miles, and which was opened
in 1889 and closed the same year. It had 3
locomotives (photos in issues of Jan and Feb., ’36)
and 8 passenger cars.

  (2) The Wiscasset & Quebec later became the
two-foot gage Wiscasset, Waterville & Farming-
ton, now abandoned. It was the subject of an
article by Linwood Moody in our March, ’35,
issue.

                                                   Photo by H. Luttropp, P. 0. Box 10}, Oroflno, Ida.

No. 1 of the Craig Mountain Ry. (See Answer to H. L.) Snapped at Winchester, Ida., Last
Summer, She Is 2-6-2 Tank Type, Was Built by Brooks in 1908
BY THE LIGHT OF THE LANTERN

93

 ARE pilot wheels of a locomotive equipped
 with brakes?

   (2) What is the history of the Durham &
 Southern?—M. G., Angier, N. C.

   (1)	While two-wheel leading (“pony”) trucks
 rarely if ever have been fitted with brakes, they
 are not uncommon on four-wheel leading trucks.
 In fact, most fast passenger engines these days
 are using them.

   (2)	The Durham & Southern was incorporated
 in 1904 as a reorganization of the Cape Fear &
 Northern. It runs between Durham and Dunn,
 N. C., 59 miles, has 6 locomotives and 15 cars,
 and employs about 100 people.

J*

HL., Moscow, Ida.—The Heisler geared loco-
 • motive, built by the Heisler Locomotive
 Works, uses inclined cylinders to drive a central
 shaft which is connected by flexible couplings and
 bevel gears to one axle in each of its two or
 three trucks. The other axle of each truck is
 driven by side rods connecting the two wheels.

   (2)	The Craig Mountain Ry was incorporated
 in 1921 to acquire and operate 6 miles of road
 in Idaho, between Winchester and Craig Jet. It
 is still operating (very much in the red, inci-
 dentally), owns one passenger car and one serv-
 iceable locomotive, and is in turn owned by the
 Craig Mountain Lumber Co.

HO., N. Y. City.—The Wharton & Northern

•	was incorporated in 1905 as a consolida-
 tion of the Morris County Conn. Ry and the
 Port Orange RR. It runs between Wharton and
 Green Pond Jet. and Wharton and Wharton Jet.,
 N. J., 17 miles, owns 22 cars and employs about
 15 people. It was acquired by the CRRofNJ in
 1930.

J*

WH., Greenwich, Conn.—A short history of

•	the New York, Ontario & Western ap-
 peared on page 83 of our Dec., ’35, issue. The
 roster of this road was printed in our April, ’32,
 issue, in which Nos. 225-228 were listed as having
 been built by Alco. No construction date was
 given.

J*

IN., Yelm, Wash.—The 4-6-4 is the Hudson
« type; the 4-8-0, the twelve-wheel type; the
2-10-4, the Texas type; and the 4-8-4, the North-
ern, or Dixie, or Pocono or Greenbrier type—
depending upon the road which uses it.

   (2)	The St. Paul & Duluth was chartered in
 1857 as the Lake Superior & Mississippi. Com-
 pleted in 1870, it was leased to the Northern
 Pacific until 1874; but it was later acquired again
 by the NP, of which it is now a part. The
 Milwaukee Road has trackage rights over it.
94

RAILROAD STORIES

Photo by W. Thrall. Jr..
9103 Conn. Ave.. Chevy Chase. Md.

Denver & Rio Grande Western Trains Running
Through the Famous Royal Gorge by Day Stop
There Ten Minutes. This One, “ The Western-
er,” Stopped 3V4 Hours in July, 1932, When the
Front Pair of Drivers on Engine No. 1704 Went
Off the Rails

JC. C., Detroit.—The Eastern Kentucky, which

•	later became the East Kentucky Southern,
and which is now abandoned, was incorporated in
1870 to succeed the Kentucky Improvement Co.,
which in turn had been incorporated in 1866. The
line was opened in 1879, and it ran from Riverton
to Webbville, Ky., 36 miles. It had three loco-
motives and 18 cars.

  ■J*

RH.—There were at least four Peninsular

•	Railroads in U. S. history. One of them
was projected in 1892 from “ San Quentin Bay,
Mexico, and surveyed to the U. S. boundary.”
It was never constructed. Another was a logging
road which operated about 34 miles of standard
gage track in Washington. A third ran in Michi-
gan, and the section of it in Upper Michigan is
now part of the C&NW, while the section in
Lower Michigan is part of the Grand Trunk.
The fourth Peninsular RR is part of the Visalia
Electric RR of California.

   (2)	Following is a list of steam roads operating
in Tennessee:

   Alabama Great Southern (Southern)

   Central of Georgia
   Clinchfield

   Cincinnati, New Orleans & Texas Pacific
       (Southern)

   Rock Island

   East Tennessee & Western North Carolina
   Gulf, Mobile & Northern

   Harriman & Northeastern
   Illinois Central
   Louisville & Nashville
   Little River
   Morgan & Fentress *

   Mobile & Ohio

    Missouri Pacific

   Nashville & Atlantic

   Norfolk & Western

   Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis

   Oneida & Western

   St. Louis—San Francisco

   St. Louis Southwestern

   Southern

   Tennessee & North Carolina
   Tennessee, Alabama & Georgia
   Tennessee Central
   Tennessee
   Union

   Yazoo & Mississippi Valley (IC)

J*

JR. D., Mt. Pleasant, Mich.—The Cincinnati,
« New Orleans & Texas Pacific, now part of
the Southern system, was chartered in 1881, when
it leased the Cincinnati Southern, which had been
begun by the City of Cincinnati in 1869 and com-
pleted in 1880. In 1907 it ran from Cincinnati,
O., to Chattanooga, Tenn., 338 miles, and owned
174 locomotives and 11,352 cars.

   (2)	At the time we write it does not appear
probable that the Florida East Coast will rebuild
that portion of its Key West extension destroyed
by hurricane. At least, it won’t if it can help it.

   Additions, Corrections and Comments

IN our January issue we told the world that
the three 2-ft. gage 4-4-0’s built by Baldwin
for the Mt. Gretna Narrow Gage were the only
2-ft. gage American types ever built. “ You must
have forgotten,” writes T. Norrell of 38 Union
St., Greenfield, Mass., “ the American type built
for the 2-ft. gage Gwalior Light Railways of
India by Kerr, Stuart & Co. of Stoke, England.
It had 8 x 15 cylinders, 30-in. drivers, 140 lbs.
boiler pressure, weighed 13 English tons, and was
equipped with American style pilot and head-
light.” We’d like to say we had forgotten this;
but the fact of the matter is that we didn't know
about it. Thanks for the information!

  In our February issue we told W. O. S. that
the California Western RR & Navigation Co.
owned only five engines. Several readers have
contradicted this statement, and point out that it
owns eight oil-burners, seven of which are in
actual service. They are Nos. 11, 12 and 17
(2-6-2T type); 21, 22, 23 (2-6-2 type); 38 (4-6-0
type); and 41, which is out of service (0-6-0
type). But don’t blame us; we got the informa-
tion from the data supplied to the “ Pocket List ’*
by the railroad company itself.
TRUE TALES of the RAILS

 Actual Happenings Told by Eye Witnesses

                                      Photo from Chas. E Fisher, 6 Orkney Kd., Brookline. Mass.

 One of the First Wood Burners Owned by the Northern R.R., Which Later Became the Ogdens-
 burg & Lake Champlain—No. 5, the “ Deer,” Built by Kirk of Cambridgeport, Mass., in 1850 and
 Sold to the Northern in 1852. She Had 16x20 Cylinders, 68-Inch Drivers, Weighed 26 Tons

Wood-Burners

By WATSON B. BERRY

HE wood-burning locomo-
tives and iron rails on that
rugged pioneer railroad, the
Ogdensburg & Lake Cham-
plain, which ran from Og-
densburg to Rouses Point, on Lake
Champlain, disappeared during my boy-
hood. The seven years from 1879,
when the substitution of steel for iron
rails began, to 1886, when it had been
completed and when coal-burning loco-
motives had superseded the wood-
burners, were packed with thrills for
boys who lived at Lawrence, my home
town (now North Lawrence). Besides
being a wood station, Lawrence was an
important live stock shipping point and
the site of the last of the rail repair
shops maintained at several points for
the repair of iron rails.

  We boys of Lawrence found abun-
dant opportunities for “ riding on the
cars ” and picking up a good practical
knowledge of railroading at first hand.
To get to actually know and speak to an
engine driver, to ride on the fireman’s
seat, was aiming high, but I made it and
became a persistent train and engine
rider from my tenth to my fifteenth
year, when I was packed off to an
academy. I have forgotten much of
what I learned in the academy, but all
that I learned from the trainmen, con-
ductors, firemen and engineer, the rail
repair shops and live stock yards has
stuck in my memory like a burr.

  Of course, I was in a preferred posi-
tion, for my father and his brothers
were large shippers of live stock, be-
sides furnishing a substantial part of
96

RAILROAD STORIES

the wood used in the locomotives. I
remember hearing brother say in the
early ’8o’s:

  “ With only thirty-odd engines, the
O. & L. C. bought over 46,000 cords of
wood last year. That would make a
pile seventy miles long. I hope the road
does not turn to coal-burning engines
soon, but they are bound to come. Most
of the roads are using coal now. They
all started with wood-burning engines
except the B. & O., and even that road
had a few wood-burners.”

  “ How did you find out about that?”
“ From Abraham Klohs, superinten-
dent at Malone. He keeps pretty close
track of all that is going on in the rail-
road world. Some time within the next
ten or a dozen years Mr. Averell, the
new president, will bring in coal. They
can carry it to Ogdensburg by water.
Besides, he has a new son-in-law named
E. H. Harriman who, they say, has a
lot of up-to-date ideas about railroad-
ing. Mr. Averell has got him on as a
director of the O. & L. C. I hope he
turns out to be as good a railroad man
as the old-timers.”

  (That w7as the first time I heard the
name of Edward H. Harriman. His
directorship of the O. & L. C. must have
been one of his earliest, if not indeed
his first.)

BUT I was not concerned with rail-
road officials. Engineers and con-
ductors were more to my liking. Up to
’83 I had never ridden in a locomotive,
except in a switching engine, and that
somehow- didn’t count. The swell loco-
motive of the O. & L. C. was the “ W.
J. Averell,” named after the road’s
president. She w^as a beauty. She was
brass-bound, and her bell shone like
silver. Her cow-catcher with its two
brass sockets to hold Hags, the leather
seats in her cab, the big tender piled
high with the sweet smelling 16-inch
blocks of seasoned maple and beech
wrood from my father’s wroods, and last
and most important of all, Watson
Hunkins, her massive and kindly engi-
neer, wrere eye-filling and awe-inspiring.

  I	resolved that I would not only ride
in the “ Averell,” but it would be some-
thing more than what we called a
“ siding ride.” I would ride to the next
station, and come home on the local
freight. That would be something!

  Craftily I followed my campaign. A
few days later, when the “ Averell ”
was being refueled, or “ wooded ” as
we said, I sidled up to Watson Hun-
kins, ready to swing up to his throne.

  “ Hello, Mr. Hunkins,” I ventured.

  “ Why, hello. What you doing down
here in the wood yard, all dressed up

                                             Photo from Jos. I.avelle, ■{\61S 66th St., \V oodside, L. I., A'.

One of the Last Engines Built for the O. & L. C. Before It Became Part of the Rutland Was
a Cross-Compound Schenectady 2-8-0. She had 22 and 34x28 Cylinders, 54-Inch Drivers, and

Weighed 153,000 Lbs. Without Tender

                                                                   5 R
TRUE TALES OF THE RAILS

97

with a new straw hat? And what you
got in that basket?”

  “ Plymouth Rock eggs and some of
our Oldenburg apples, the first of the
season.”

  “ I’d like to buy that basket just as
it is, but I haven’t any money with me.”
“ They ain’t for sale, Mr. Hunkins.
I’m going to give them to you.”

 “ Oho! What you driving at,
Wattie?”

  I felt that I had hit a bull’s eye. To
be addressed by my nickname by Wat-
son Hunkins was almost as good as
riding in the “ Averell.”

  “ Well, Mr. Hunkins, I want to ride
on the fireman’s seat to the next sta-
tion, and I want you to fix it so I can
come home in the caboose of the local
freight.”

  Then my heart sank. I got stage
fright and was almost ready to run for
home. A half-grave, half-humorous
look from the great Hunkins’ eye
perked me up.

  “ Here, give me that basket and up
you go into the cab. But look here,
Wattie, both of us may catch it for this.
What do you suppose old man Averell
would do to me if he heard of it, and
what do you suppose your ma will do
to you if you get home late for supper?
They say she doesn't approve of us
railroaders because we cuss and chew
tobacco. Well, I’ll have to take my
chances with the Old Man in Ogdens-
burg and you’ll have to take chances
with your ma.”

  That ride took just fifteen minutes,
but every fraction of a second in those
few minutes was packed with a thrill.
The fireman continuously stoked, a
steady stream of wood blocks going in-
to the firebox. The “ Averell ” was
some wood-eater, and I began to un-
derstand that 70-miles wood pile my
father talked about. In the years that
6 R

have passed since then I have ridden
countless thousands of miles with the
great and the near-great in my capacity
as a newspaper man, but my ride in the
“ Averell’s ” cab with my hero Wat-
son Hunkins stands out in memory over
them all. At the station Hunkins helped
me out of the cab and went into the
station for orders. He came out with
an order in his hand.

  “ I’m sorry for you, boy. The local
is held up a couple of miles west of here
with a hot box or something. You’ll be
an hour late getting home, and you’ll
get a darned good licking.”

  “ Well, it was worth it. I’d take a
licking any day for such a grand ride.”
“That’s the ticket! But now, come
to think of it, I believe I can fix it so
you won’t get a licking. Your dad owns
those big wood lots. Everyone is trying
to buy wood lots so as to furnish wood
for the railroad. Well, here is a little
secret that may save him a lot of
money. Old Man Averell has bought
two Moguls—the biggest sort of en-
gines. They’re coal-burners. They are
coming from the Rhode Island Loco-
motive Works and will be delivered in
a few weeks. In a year and a half there
won’t be a wood-burner left and all the
wood lot owners will have to depend
on maple sugar. Your pa won’t be glad
to hear that. But he can sell out his
wood lots to the speculators and let
them do the worrying.”

  It was long after dark when I
reached our kitchen door. My father
and mother were in the dining room
waiting my return. The station agent
knew all about my adventure and had
told them. To divert attention from my
misdemeanor I rushed almost breath-
lessly into the room.

  “ They’re going to take off the wood-
burners and use coal—two new coal-
burning engines coming next month,
98

RAILROAD STORIES

and soon they’ll all be burning
coal.”

  That was real news—big news to
my father. He had been a bull on wood
lots. Now he switched to the bear side,
and finding a ready sale for his wood
lots, sold them.

  In the summer of 1886 the two Mo-
guls arrived, as predicted by Hunkins.

Up to that time we, like all our neigh-
bors, burned wood in our home. In
1887, we, too, switched to coal in the
house, as did the others. With coal
heaters installed we all wondered how
we had ever managed to get through
those long northern winters on wood.
The O. & L. C. had set the pace and
we were glad to follow.

The Skipper Uses His Head

       By HARRY R. DRUMMOND

                                                            Photo from Fred Jukes. Blaine. Wash.
This Narrow-Gage Denver & Rio Grande 2-8-0, No. 208, Was Snapped Below Table Rock, near
Chama, N. M., 28 Years Ago, with Engineer Wm. Edwards and Fireman L. Loomis

,T would be obviously unfair
to attempt to compare rail-
road men of today with rail-
road men of the Gay Nine-
ties, for railroading today is
as different from railroading of the
Gay Nineties as are the telephone and
the automatic signals different from the
old Morse and order board.

But we old-timers who can look back
to the good old days love to kid our-

selves into thinking that we did a pretty
good job of railroading with nothing
but rails, cars, engines and nerve to
work with. The old single track, the
straight dispatching, the switching of
air cars ahead, the old hand brakes, the
link-and-pin-couplings—all were pretty
crude, but they managed to do a lot of
work just the same. And the men.
Well, those old-time roughneck cuss-
ing fellows somehow got there and got
TRUE TALES OF THE RAILS

99

back. And the regular fellows were
not all on the lower rungs of the ladder.
Many of the brass collars were just
about as regular as any of the men un-
der them.

  Take the old Denver & Rio Grande,
say in 1895. On the first division, Den-
ver to Salida, 217 miles, there were to
be found almost every kind of railroad-
ing except the simple kind. The alti-
tude was 5,200 feet at Denver. At
Palmer Lake, 52 miles away, it was
7,300 feet. Colorado Springs, 75 miles
from Denver, was 6,000 feet and Pu-
eblo, 120 miles from Denver, was 4,670
feet. Pusher engines were required
from Castle Rock to Palmer Lake and
from Husted to Palmer Lake. All had
to be returned to the place whence they
came, and that meant each pusher had
to run light and as an extra, with “31”
orders.

  J. J. Burns was superintendent at
Pueblo. Handsome, smiling, and ge-
nial, he was always a gentleman. He
was the superintendent, however, and
ran his division as it should be run.
Trainmaster J. M. Walker was a fit
companion for him—efficient, pleasant
and competent. The chief dispatcher
was a different sort. He was a hard
taskmaster, disliked by most of the
boys, he simply did not have it in him
to be anything but a dictator. He fired
men right and left, and it was one of
the banes of his existence that most of
them were put back to work by Mr.
Burns.

  One dull day Mr. Burns was in the
dispatcher’s room with not much of an
excuse for being there. Our discussion
was about trainmen.

  “ There are some conductors who
simply will not be laid out,” said one
dispatcher. “No matter what happens
they keep on going.”

  I thought so, too.

  “ Oh, I don’t know,” piped up Burns.
“ A good dispatcher can lay anyone out
if he sets his mind to it—and fre-
quently when he has no intention of do-
ing so. Do you know any conductors
that cannot be laid out?”

  1 came back with:

  “ You bet I do. There are several
of them. Mort Suiter, for instance,
or Ed Ellis, right here on this division.
They go in spite of hell.”

  “ Well, some time when one of them
happens to be out call me and I will
show you how to lay ’em out,” smiled
Mr. Burns.

  “ All right. Mort Suiter is east-
bound on an extra right now. He is
just out of Colorado Springs. He has
a drag and here and now is a good
chance for you to show us how it is
done.”

  Burns sat down at the key and called
Pikeview. He sent an order telling
Suiter to go in on a blind siding, where
there was no means of communicating
with headquarters, and wait there for
an extra west. It was simple, except
there was no extra west for him to
wait for. He was tied up for fair. But
in those days a conductor had to use
or lose his head.

  “ Now,” said Burns, “let’s see him
get out of that. Leave him in the hole
awhile and then call me and I will show
you how to get him out.” Then he
went back to his office.

  Two hours later he was sent for.
Entering the dispatcher’s office, he
said: “ Getting nervous?”

  “ Oh, no,” was the answer. “ Num-
ber Twelve came along and Suiter put
a flag on her and is following her into
Palmer Lake. Now show us just how
you would go about it to lay that bird
out.”

  Well, Burns was stumped. He had to
admit Mort Suiter was pretty good.
100

RAILROAD STORIES

Riding the Freight

 By JAMES C. SOUTHCOTT

AM sitting beside an open
window in my lonely hall
bedroom, smoking my pipe
and thinking. The wail of a
locomotive whistle pierces the
night. Maybe it comes from a new
Hudson type pulling a string of Pull-
mans out along the iron trail. Or may-
be from a freight hog steaming out of
the yards with a mile-long freight drag,
bound for God knows where. To me
that engine whistle is not merely a
sound, but the call of adventure. What
memories it brings back, throwing
them like pictures upon the sensitive
screen of my mind! . . .

  Lying in the fresh spring grass on
the outskirts of some “ hostile ” town,
at the end of the yards, waiting for a
manifest hot-shot. The train is made
up, down there in the maze of tracks,
but the road engine is not yet in sight.
Hours seem to pass as you watch and
wait. It is a fine, warm night. From
the lake nearby is wafted a chorus of
baby frogs croaking with the joy of
new life. The moon, like a lamp, sheds
a soft white radiance over all, throw-
ing some objects into sharp relief and
others into inky shadow.

  A sudden breeze blows off the lake,
rustling through the trees and grass.
Down in the yards, lanterns bob about
like fireflies. A switch engine snorts up
and down, her side-rods clanking, and
a series of dull bangs and crashes de-
notes the making-up of a train. Per-
haps they are still at work on the red-
ball, your train!

  Ah! What’s that? You tense, all
alert; straining eyes and ears. From
far down the track is heard a low hum-
ming like that of a giant tea-kettle.
That sound can mean but one thing, a
road engine. A dazzling white eye ap-
pears, throwing a sliver of brilliance
down the track—an eye that grows in
size and brilliance each moment. Then
a muffled crash, and you know she’s
coupled onto the string.

  The freight may be “ hitting the
ball ” by the time she reaches the spot
where you are, so you’d better be ready.
From the big Jack come four long
blasts of the whistle, then two short.
“ Highball!” The humming changes
into a roar and hiss of steam. The
squat stack of the road giant emits the
bark of her exhaust.

  You crouch in the deep shadow of
a bush. The bulls may be riding the
manifest out, and you take no chances
of being seen. You wait until the en-
gine has passed, enveloping you in a
warm haze of steam from the cylinders.
Then you stand up and measure the
train as she slides by.

  NOW! You run out onto the cinders
beside the track. For a moment you
stand, getting set, like a runner before
the gun.

  Being a red-ball, there will be no
empties, so it means riding the decks
or else a tank-car, flat, or gondola—if
there are any such in the string.

  Better grab her now; the hogger is
beginning to ball the jack. You run
with the train, careful of your footing
as well as you’re able in the darkness.
TRUE TALES OF THE RAILS

101

You make a grab at a ladder—and
miss! Stumbling, you fall on your
hands and knees—clear of those death-
dealing wheels, thank Heaven!—but
rise quickly.

  Then another grab for a ladder—the
train is really moving, now. This time
your hand closes ’round the cold, clam-
my steel, and holds. Your feet leave
the ground and slam into the iron stir-
rup. You've made it!

  After hanging there a moment to get
your breath, you climb the side ladder
to the deck. At last you reach the top.
The wind tears at you as the cars lurch
and gather speed in sudden jerks. The
big Jack up ahead is settling down to
the job of going places.

  Well, you’re aboard, and lucky to
have made it; she was going almost too
fast! Now to find a place to sleep. Far
too windy up here on the cinder-swept
tops. There must be a flat, gondola, or
even a tank-car down the train aways.
You stand up, your trouser legs and
coat flapping in the wind, and you start
walking toward the rear of the train,
jumping the black chasms between the
cars.

  One thing to remember: Look out
for bridges! If you’ve been over that
section of track before, you know the
lay of the land fairly well. But if not,
keep your eye peeled for over-passes
when you’re taking a promenade over
the lurching, swaying decks of a fast
freight.

  At last, about eighty cars back, you
find a flat car, a haven from the wind.
Descending by the end ladder of the
box car from which you sighted your
“ find,” you pick a nice place where you
can lie down and sleep.

  The lights of a small town flash by;
and up ahead, the whistle screams
warning to crossings. What music to
the vagabond soul! Lulled by the roar

of the train, the swaying of the car, and
the rhythm of the wheels, you doze off
into deep, untroubled slumber . . . The
train rolls on . ..

  If you are lucky, you see the glorious
flush of dawn creeping over the hills.
Sunrise on the road thrills you; it fills
your soul with exultation.

  By and by you realize that you are
hungry, and you fish around among
your scant belongings for the package
of sandwiches and can of soup you got
at the Greasy Spoon the night before.
While you are leisurely eating break-
fast, speeding along smoothly on a
four-track pike, another train running
in the same direction races your freight
and gradually overtakes you.

  She proves to be a crack limited, with
•shiny new Pullmans and a dining car.
The latter pulls up to your flat, and for
a while she keeps pace with you, neck
and neck. You stop munching the sand-
wich to watch the swells eating in the
diner right beside you. A fellow and a
girl—they look like newlyweds—grin
at you with understanding that makes
the whole world kin.*

   Gee, it’s great to be alive on a beauti-
ful spring morning, as the rail joints
click under you, the flying cinders beat
a merry tattoo, and the landscape
rushes past—orchards abloom in flam-
ing pink and white, the dogwood trees
with petals like snow, the purple lilacs
and wisteria, dairy maids milking the
cattle, birds from the Southland wheel-
ing overhead, young colts frisking in
the pasture, and farmers beginning the
day’s plowing, as the train roars on . ..

  These pictures from the gallery of
memory come to me now in my lonely
hall bedroom, after hearing a locomo-
tive whistle pierce the night.

  *	See cover painting by Emmett Watson.
 ..W__~m«

Who

                        m the

Highball John j.burns was

BORN JUNEJ8GTAT PHILADELPHIA,
PA. H/S FATHER WAS A PHIL A. &
READING YARD CONDUCTOR, MO.P.
TRACKMAN, AND GHICAGO g ALTON
SECTION BOSS.

Highball. .

John J. Burns

John started his career as

NIGHT CALL BOY ON MO. P. IN JULYJ
188+. LATER. WORKED FOR THE HANNI-
BAL S ST. JOE, THE GHlCAGO & ALTON,
THE KANSAS CITY S INDEPENDENCE
(OH WHICH ROAD HE WAS PROMOTED TO
ENGINEER IN 1902) AND THE QHICAGO
GREAT WESTERN.

                              ,Si

Also rah engines for. rail-
road CONSTRUCTION AND ON
INDUSTRIAL PIKES SUCH AS IRON _

ORE AND COPPER. MINES, LUMBER. JOBS'

ETC, FORTY YEARS OF RAILROADING IN THE WEST _
AND SOUTH WITHOUT A SERIOUS ACCIDENT.'

         
J        
m        
1 ■ $ &  
n        
h        
         
                                                        HlGGEST THRILL I
                  8URNS WAS FIRING THE
                  SECOND ENGINE OF A FAST
                  DOUBLEHEADER., WHEN THE FIRST
                  ENGINE HIT A HAND CAR IN A F06, TOSS-
                  ING IT OVER. THE RIGHT-OF-WAY FENCE.
                  CAR WAS LOADED WITH GANDY DANCERS
                  AND TOOLS. NOBODY HURT. SECTION MEN
                  MAD AS HORNETS,HAD A SWEET TIME PICK-
                  ING UP TOOLS AND LUNG.H BANS.

"Highball never, marrieo, biggest love

                                       IN HIS LIFE IS THE OLD IRON HORSE.MEMBER.
                                   %% OF B.OFLF. 5 E. LODGE 337, KANSAS CITY,

                   , MO. ADDRESS: 1521 IUHRS STATION, PHOENIX,
                   P?'ARIZONA. HAS BEEN WRITING FOR THIS MAG A -

,__. 2INE SINCE Ijil.

  Next Month—Another Boomer Hoghead, James Deegan

   102
TRUE TALES OF THE RAILS

103

Broken Links

By "HIGHBALL”

ORKING in a Chicago
yard long years ago in the
old link-and-pin age of
railroading was a yard-
master who was shy the
thumb on his right hand. Despite his
handicap, however, he always used his
maimed hand to give trick signals to
new yard men. He would come hot-
footing out of the yard office, touch the
top of his old cap with his right hand,
and then hold the top of his old cap
with his right hand up in the
air and his fingers spread. This
might mean to head in on either
Track 4 or 5. Generally a new man
would go for Track 5, whereupon the
bull of the yards would let a bellow out
of him, paw up some cinders and repeat
his gymnastic performance.

  Thereupon the hogger would give
his regular spiel: “ That bird,” he
would tell the new man, “ is shy the
thumb on his right hand and he only
uses it to give Track Four signals. He
uses his left hand for Track Five.”

  “ What the Sam Hill does he expect
a man to do?” was the usual retort.

“ Chase around through the yard to
count the fingers he has left every time
he pinches a few off?”

*	* *

ONE cold winter’s day a young road
runner was hitting the ball in the
grain yard, batting out fast ones for the
yard men to catch and tie down. When
both injectors on the old goat refused
to work and he saw the water in the
glass doing a nose dive, he set up a
squawk for more water. The conductor
told him to try the blow-off cock and
see if he had any water at all in the old

JOHN BURNS

kettle, since they only had one more
track to switch. But the hogger kept up
such a racket about the water that they
finally pulled the pin and sent him to
the house.

  He spotted the engine at the water
tank, hopped off and chased into the
roundhouse for more help. The fireboy
climbed back onto the tank to take
water and foiind the manhole cover
frozen on so solidly he had to take a
coal pick to knock it loose.

  By this time the kid engineer re-
turned to the engine with the round-
house foreman, two machinists, the
boilermaker and couple of helpers. The
roundhouse foreman was first man up.
He reached for the old Monitor injec-
tor, and she commenced to purr for him
like a pet cat. You see, the darn tank
was frozen up air-tight, and the old
Monitor could not suck a drop of water
out of it.

  At times there are things that a man
might like to forget, but it is blamed
hard to forget them with a roundhouse
foreman, two machinists, a boiler-
maker and a bunch of helpers to re-
member them for you!

*	* *

PULLING the brewery on a hot day
was a job the different yard crews
were fond of, for there was always a
cold bottle of beer for each of them.
We were returning to the yard one
afternoon with two cars of beer we’d
switched out at the brewery when we
heard something pounding around in
the engine tank.

  “ There must be some of them sway-
braces or baffle plates loose in the tank,”
said Old Joe, the engineer.
104

RAILROAD STORIES

  But we paid no attention to it then.
That night Joe made out a work report
at the roundhouse desk in which he
asked the house to examine the engine
tank for loose sway-braces. The next
morning the hostler asked Joe if he
knew what wras wrong in that tank.

  “ No," Joe replied. “ Not unless one
of them braces was loose.”

  “ Braces, me eye!” the hostler said.
*’ There was a keg of beer in that tank,
and the boilermaker’s helper got it out.
The whole roundhouse gang was out
under the coal chutes pulling off a party
when I found them.”

 “What was the trouble?” Joe
wanted to know. “ Didn’t you get any
of it?”

  “ Hardly any,” the hostler sadly re-
plied. “ It was only a small keg.”

  When Joe got back to the engine he
asked Shorty if he put the beer keg in
the old goat’s tank when we pulled the
brewery.

  “ Shure,” said Shorty. “ Did you
find it? I lost it. When I put it in there
the blame tank was half full of water,
and I had no way to fish the damn keg
out.”

*	* *

CHRISTMAS day that year rolled
along with the mercury down in
the cellar and a foot of snow on the
ground. In those good old days a great
many saloons handed their early morn-
ing customers a Christmas present—
generally a pint or half pint of holiday
cheer. Old Frank, the third man on the
yard crew, had made a collection of
Christmas presents and packed them in
the lantern box on the rear end of the
engine.

  When Joe turned in the engine at the
roundhouse he went back to the lantern
box and resurrected the life-savers,
climbed back into the engine cab, jerked
open the firebox door, slammed all that

whisky into that firebox, and up against
the flue sheet. The old air pump came
to life with a wild and joyful whoop,
and, boy, you could smell whisky all
over the job.

  The roundhouse foreman and a main
line engineer were looking over an old
freight hog. The engineer was trying
to convince the foreman that all he
needed to do to that old hog was to jack
up her whistle and put a new engine un-
der it. But the foreman was a stubborn
old cuss and he was trying to convince
the hogger that the fact that the old
hog had a wheezy exhaust, a hop-skip-
and-jump in her valve motion, a few
leaky flues, her piston packing blown
out and a couple of flat wheels was not
sufficient reason for taking her out of
service.

  About that time they both got a
breath of the hot whisky with which
Joe’s pet goat perfumed the fog.

  “Joe,” the old man says, “ that cer-
tainly is a new one on me. Where the
heck did she get that whisky?”

  It took Joe a long time to live down
the Christmas Day he brought in his
pet switcher with a whisky breath!

*	* *

OUR company storekeeper was an
old tightwad. To jolt him loose
from any company supplies was some
job. Every month he would send out a
couple of dozen new links and pins
along with the other company supplies
and a notice for the yardmaster to be
careful with them. The result of this
move was that old Mike, the yardmas-
ter, had got together as fine a bunch of
link and pin snatchers as ever worked
on any man’s railroad. Links, pins,
switch chains, rerailing frogs or a bunch
of empty grain cars in the harvesting
season—all came in handy, if they hap-
pened to be loose at both ends and could
be moved at all.
TRUE TALES OF THE RAILS

105

  Switchmen working on the night
shifts had to furnish their own lanterns.
One morning an old boomer pin-puller
struck old Mike for a job in the garden.

  “Yes,” Mike said, “I can use an-
other man on the night shift. If you
can scare up a lantern you’re hired.”
The old boomer walked across the
tracks to a terminal switch shanty,
swiped the first lantern he could lay
his hands on, and told Mike: “ If you
need any more lanterns, I’ll go back
and get ’em for you.”

*	* *

OLD Jerry Monahan was a regular
old night hawk. Jerry claimed
he had railroaded for thirty years and
had never done a day’s work in his life,
and that he still carried the same old
battle-scarred lantern with which he did
his first night’s switching. I do not re-
member how many sleepy engineers’
lives Jerry claimed to have saved by
throwing the lantern through a cab
window to wake them up when the en-
gineers were about to run a flag on him,
but I remember he also claimed he
would never throw his lantern when he
could find a link or pin handy.

  Monk Taylor, the night hogger, told
a green fireboy one night to keep an eye

on old Jerry’s signals. The lad got his
head out the cab window and reported
to Monk that Jerry was not giving any
signals at all, but that he was having
“ one hell of a scrap down there with
that dom lantern.”

*	* *

THE company stored about a hun-
dred empty grain cars one summer
in an old mill yard, locked the gates and
forgot about them. When the wheat
harvest got under way the cars were
ordered north. Some car tinks and oil-
ers were sent to the mill yard to get the
cars ready to move, and when they
got to work they found every car
robbed of its journal brass. Brass
thieves had broken into the mill yard,
and had got away with over 800 four-
and five-pound journal brasses. They
had made a clean sweep.

  Speaking of stealing reminds me of
the grain thieves. They could get grain
out of cars without breaking car seals
or opening car doors. They would get
under a loaded grain car with a two-
inch augur, bore holes in the car floor,
fill their grain sacks, and drive plugs in
the holes. Invariably the loss of the
grain would not be discovered until the
car was opened for grain inspection.

                            Old Print. Courtesy of Solomon Blechman, Mamaroneck, S. Y.
The Famous Horseshoe Curve on the Pennsy as It Looked Sixty Years Ago
DOES my record quali-
fy me as a private in
the Boomer army? I fired
the engine that pulled the
first train from Denison to
Houston, Texas. Will
Gray, supt. of the Katy, often called me, back in
the days when he was a call boy. I fired the first
Golden State Limited on the T.&P. between Big
Springs and El Paso. Engineer “ Kid ” Hadlock
got a new suit of clothes for bringing her in on
time. All the fireman got was a backache.

  I fired the first trip made by W. E. Butler out
of Tucson when he was set up. (He wrote “ My
Happiest Christmas,” Jan., ’35.) I ran the first
engine in Key West, Fla. She was delivered on
a barge while the main line was still 90 miles
away. People there 65 to 70 years old had never
before seen a locomotive!

  One summer I worked on the C.N.J. I fired the
engine that had pulled Lincoln’s funeral train after
she was sold to the Houston & Texas Central. I
fired on the G.N. out of Havre, on the Santa Fe
out of Raton, and on the A.&P. out of Needles,
and ran an engine on the Frisco out of Frances,
Okla.

  Would like to hear from Charley Berry, con-
ductor, whom I picked up out of the middle of
the track after he had been rolled between a car
and the station platform v;hile switching, and
saved him from being cut to pieces.—Wm. G.
Briggs, Tonopah, Nevada.

*	* *

HEARING recently that the U.P.
was hiring men, I made my way to
Ogden, Utah. There I saw a man,
too blind to pass the doctor without
glasses, pay a hobo to take the exam
for him—and he got the job! I’m
still looking for a job. In booming
round the world, including England, France, Ger-
many, Italy, India, Australia, China, Japan,
Philippines, Hawaii, Alaska, Central and South
America and points between, I have collected more
than 6,000 snapshots of trains, engines, vessels
and such.—M. W. Johnston, 426 Kentucky St.,
Vallejo, Calif.

*	* *

 ABOUT 3 years ago
I saw a B.&O. freight
wrecked at the 75th St.
crossing of the Chicago
Belt and the Wabash
when she ran through an
I.C. train. The engine
landed on the lever sys-
tem at the side of a tower and the cars piled up
against the side of the building.

  On June 22, 1918, I drove to the circus train
wreck at Ivanhoe, Ind., and saw bodies lifted
from the ashes with shovels. There were 63
killed, 127 injured. E. J. Baker told the story
of this tragedy in an article, “When the Circus
Went West” (Feb., ’35, issue).

  I saw a wreck at 106th St., N. Y. City, in
which the engine was burned. (Editor's note:
We have no record of such a wreck.) Early in
1915 I saw coaches and sleepers scattered in every
direction on the I.C. at Homewood, 111. At an-
other time I passed a freight wreck west of
Hannibal, Mo.

  Again, I watched 2 big hooks hoist an engine
up a high embankment at Evansville, Ind., down
which she had plunged for a swim in Pigeon
Creek. The crew jumped and escaped unhurt. At
another time I saw a cylinder-head blow off the
right side of an I.C. engine in the same city.

  In 1903 I made several “ side-door Pullman ”
trips, crossing Illinois several times. One night
the train stopped with a bang. Two cars ahead,
a car with a wheel off and the truck crosswise of
the track had stopped almost on a wooden trestle.
Ties were torn up for a long distance. The engi-
neer, having felt the drag, had stopped just in
time to prevent the bad-order truck from tearing
down the trestle and piling the train in the ditch!

  One night a year ago a woman across the street
saw a red glare in the yards of the B.&O. and
called the fire department. A freight stopping
for water had dropped a red one from the caboose.
The firemen came, took up the fusee, extinguished
it, threw it away and returned to their quarters.
And this in Chicago!—Harry Entler, 6632 S.
Irving Ave., Chicago.

*	* *

  HAVE just completed a 12,000 mile hobo trip
through the West. Rode the C.&N.W. “ 400,”
Milwaukee to Eau Claire. Boy, does she travel!
Also rode “ The Mountaineer,” Chicago to St.
Paul in 8 hours. The wheels did not accumulate
any rust on the trip.—C. B. Culmer (furloughed
brakeman), Tylersburg, Pa.

*	* *

  I HAVE hoboed over much of the territory
described by Turkey Moore in Oct. issue. He
spoke of Gen. Jeffries, whose daughter became
the wife of a friend. I knew the General in
1910. He was elderly then; so I doubted that
he was still living, and checked up on Mr. Moore.
I found the General was alive, so I apologize to
Turkey for even thinking he was romancing; but
I still look with supercilious eye upon those
cloth-top button shoes he wears in the picture
alleged to have been taken on the plaza in La
Paz, of all places!—W. T. Greene, Barrister Bldg.,
Washington, D. C.

106
THE BOOMER TRAIL

107

  ONE night while I was handing up a 19 order
to a Central Vt. fast freight, something swung off
and ripped the heavy planking of the platform
near my feet. Later, when the train stopped at
a terminal, an examination showed that a steel
rail had danced off a flat car of rails, hit the
platform, ard then gone into a car of wheat.

  Another time down in Mexico, bandits took
over my office and told me to beat it. They
took my instruments for their kids to play with.

  I overlooked a 31 order for a westbound pas-
senger train on the Buffalo & Susquehanna at
Cross Fork Jet., Pa. After the train had been
gone 10 minutes I walked down the mountain
and caught it where it backed down into the
Greco lead. It was a switch-back country. When
the dispatcher asked for “ sig,” I found I’d over-
looked it, so I gave him the con’s name and
caught the train. Trainmen never told anything
in those days. They got paid for railroading, not
for unraveling red tape.—Ralph A. Snyder (au-
thor of “Closing Days”), 535 B St., Brawley, Calif.

*	* *

  I AM a furloughed fireman and extra runner,
Springfield subdivision, B.&O. I want to hear
from boomers who have worked here.—W. N.
Upton, Gen. Del., Flora, 111.

*	* *

  IN 1902 I was switching in the S.P. yard at
Wadsworth, Nev. The town was overcrowded
and lodgings were at a premium. One stormy
night I was accosted by a tough-looking fellow
who said he had not slept for 3 nights and could
not find a room. I told him I had one he could
use if he got out by 7.30 a.m. When I entered
my room next morning my guest jumped up
with a gun pointed straight between my eyes.

  He explained, after I had quieted him, that he
had killed a man in a feud and the law was
after him. He was heading for Utah, where
friends would take care of him. The man seemed
to have plenty of money. He shared my room
for 3 nights, then bought horses and headed
across country.

  Three months later I received a good sweater
by express from Rifle, Colo. About that time a
D.&R.G. train had been held up and robbed in
that vicinity. I never heard from the fellow after
that, but I have often wondered if the sweater
was bought with the spoils of that hold-up.—Ed.
Huffsmith, 243 Atlantic, Long Beach, Calif.

H. E. LAMB’S letter in
Jan. issue interested me.

Lamb sent me the first
train order on my first job
as operator on the C.St.P.

M.&O. more than 38 years
ago. He was second trick
dispatcher at that time;
later was chief. He also
was trainmaster on what

is now the C.G.W., and for 2 years was dis-
patcher on the old Wisconsin Central. In 1917
he volunteered in the U. S. Engineer Corps at the
age of 61 and saw service overseas, returning to
the C.St.P.M.&O. after the world had been “ made
safe for democracy.”—Geo. S. Johnson, 402
Newton St., Salisbury, Md.

*	* *

  DOES anyone know the whereabouts of my
grandfather, Dan Davidson, formerly boiler-
wash inspector at Albuquerque, N.M.? Last heard
from, he was with relatives at Ft. Worth, Tex.—
Robt. Wilson, Jr., 420 W. Pear St., Compton,
Calif.

*	* *

Big Tour Route

  “SHEP” is dead.
He was yard office
dog for the Big 4
(N. Y. C. Lines) at
Lyons, 5 miles south
of Danville, 111., for 9 of his 17 years. Shep
worked the second trick as faithfully as Mick
Bell, yardmaster, riding running boards with him,
supervising switching and riding cabooses of
transfer engines. His special duty was meeting
passenger trains.

  Two years ago 1st 46 roared through Lyons
at 70 m.p.h. Shep thought something must be
wrong. Finding his warning yelps ignored, he
sprang at the pilot, determined to stop the engine.
As a result, the faithful dog was partly blinded
so that he could not chase autos past the yard
office The last attempt to do so resulted in his
death. He was given a fine funeral and buried
in front of the yard office.—P. J. Kelly (Vice
Gen. Chmn., B. R. R. & S. S. Clerks), R. R. No. 1,
Westville, 111.

  (Editor’s note: There have been many railroad
dogs, usually boomers. Will readers tell what
they know about other “ Sheps ”?)
Closing Days

Masonville Depot Wasn’t
the Same after They
Ripped out the Old Tele-
graph Instruments

By RALPH A. SNYDER

 Boomer Op, etc., on 42 Road*

EW age, old man." The
busy lineman ripped away
the last of the depot tele-
graph instruments at Ma-
sonville, on the Eastern
Seaboard. “Fast trains! Fast phones!
No time to fool with telegraph!”

  “ But, Bill—”

  The lineman laughed rudely in the
veteran agent’s face. Old Dave Par-
sons was ancient. He’d been in Mason-
ville for ages. “ I know what you’ll
say. Good enough for your father,
and all that.” He snapped his tool bag
shut. “But it’s not. Come to life!
You’re living too much in the past.”
From down the tracks came a wail-
ing moan. Old Dave turned and pulled
down the order board. Just a second

to wait, then a flashing silver streak
wailed by.

  “ See!” The lineman pointed to the
vanishing cloud of dust. “ Stream-
lines, Rip Van Winkle! New day.”
With another laugh he strode out
to his speeder and hurried away.

  The station agent watched weari-
ly. A youth bawling for an express
package recalled him to the present.
The old eyes clouded as the youngster
threw down the pencil he’d signed with
and darted away. Once upon a time
the arrival of an express package was
something to talk an hour over.

  Dave’s eyes swept disapprovingly over
the shining telephones. He’d gotten
used to a dispatching phone, but this
sudden removal of his commercial and

108
CLOSING DAYS

109

message telegraph wires was more than
startling. It was overwhelming.

  Gone was the battered relay with
its rubber-band spring. Gone was the
aluminum-barred sounder that, only a
short while back, had seemed terribly
modern. Two holes gaped in the desk
where the sacred key had been. They
glared at him as lifeless as the win-
dows of a vacant house.

  The new switchboard—Dave’s eyes
roved over to it—was a devilishly
mocking affair. Tinnish looking. With
a sigh the old fellow went to the rear
of his office and took up his monthly
ticket report.

  The office door slowly pushed open.
First appeared a shaggy head, with
spectacled eyes that peered sharply
about. Then a cane tapped the floor.
In came a wooden leg, and finally the
remainder of a very old man. His name
was Silas Martin.

  “ Hain’t no officials hidin’ in th’
freight house?” Si asked with a
chuckle.

  “ No, Si.” Dave shoved the report
to one side. “ Ain’t no snooper about
today.”

  “ Day hain’t done yet.” The visitor
was slowly filling a reeking pipe. “ Of-
ficials use automobiles nowadays.”

“ Been doin’ it for two years, Si.”
"It’s a dang shame!” The hand hold-
ing the match quivered. “ There wasn’t
no such sneakin’ back in the days when
I was conductor on th’ local here.”

  “ But, Si, we’re modern,” said Dave.
“Modern? It’s plumb craziness!”
The ex-conductor cackled. “ What’s
modern about puttin’ a hundred cars
on local freight an’ runnin’ through,
just ’cause th’ company hain’t got no
agents left to get business?”

  He pointed his cane toward the hate-
ful display of modernity. But Dave
explained patiently:

  “We got streamlines, an’ now we
must have telephones ’cause they’re
faster.”

SILAS MARTIN inquired sympa-
thetically : “ Hain’t got no wires
no more ?”

  Dave shrugged. “We got these to
keep up with the fast trains.”

  “ Fast trains!” The retired O. R. C.
was sarcastic. “Fast—where? Fast
in some terminal a-waitin’ fer a hun-
dred cars, whilst folks uses trucks.
Shucks!”

  The agent raised his eyes from the
pot-bellied stove to set his old friend
right.

“ But we git th’ heavy freight, Si.”
“ Do yuh ?” Old Si straightened for
battle. “ Flour mill’s installin’ heavier
machinery, an’ it come by truck. What
about that?”

  “ Mr. Howell wanted it quick.”

  “ Ha! Thought yuh had fast
trains?” The visitor removed the pipe
from his mouth. “ Hain’t no local
switched fer two hours here in the past
six years. Now Sam Howell’s gettin’
his wheat by truck an’ shippin’ his flour
by truck. What’s fast about that fer
th’ railroad?”

  The agent’s face wrinkled. His re-
ply was unconvincing:

  “ I’ll git Mr. Howell’s business
again.”

  “ Not from what I hear, yuh won’t,”
the old conductor denied. “ Sam’ll see
this railroad in hell fust!”

  “ What’d you hear, Si ?”

  “ Plenty!” was the response.
“ Heard Sam was in here payin’
freight on some cars of wheat, an’ or-
derin’ two cars fer flour when that—
that—what yuh call ’im, Dave?”

  “ Agency supervisor.”

  “ That’s it. New official fer snoop-
in’. Well, it seems he romped in an’
110

RAILROAD STORIES

found someone in yuhr office. Raised
hell an’ told yuh to do all business
through that.”

  Si swept his cane angrily to point
to the sixteen-by-eighteen ticket win-
dow, the only opening to the waiting
room, beside the door.

  The old agent was on the defensive,
but he cut back with: “ Mr. Barnes
didn’t say a thing to Mr. Howell.”

  “ Didn’t have to,” said the O. R. C.
“ Sam hain’t dumb. An’ Sam hain’t
gonna spend his money where he has
to stick his head in no hole in a wall.
Shucks, Dave, when Sam goes to the
city they invite him inter their offices.
They want his money.”

Dave Parsons flinched, his eyes
pleading mutely with his old friend.
“ I’ll get him back, Si. Mr. Howell
won’t see Masonville agency closed.”
“Clo—clo— What?”

  The retired conductor was rocking
back and forth in terror, his eyes wide
with incomprehension and doubt.

  “ The company’s asked the commis-
sion to abolish the office,” said the
agent. “ Superintendent figures it’s a
needed economy.”

  “ Err-arrugh!” The old conductor
seemed to be choking. In that moment
he was chasing with his memory back
through the years, then to the com-
fortable days since his retirement with
his old friend. Close Masonville! Was
the world toppling?

  “No business,” droned the agent.
He picked up the ticket report and held
it out. “ Blank this month, Si.”

  The form dropped back on his desk.
Together they stared into the white
heart of the dying fire.

PRESENTLY Si gulped: “They
closed old John’s job at Ham-
mond’s Mill, an’ old John died.”

  A long pause. Then Si added with

a shake of his head: “ It won’t work,
Dave.”

  “ What won’t work ?”

  “ Railroad that hopes to git business
with no agents to talk to th’ people,”
was the response. “ Trucks call on
folks. Dave,” the ex-conductor leaned
forward earnestly, “ th’ railroad’s got
it wrong. Folks didn’t think of them,
Dave. You were their railroad.”

  “ Local used to switch two hours at
Hammond’s Mill,” the agent mused.
“ Don’t stop there no more. Last
month I got thirty-two shipments.
Used to get that many in one day.
I—I reckon she’ll close, Si.”

  ** But you—you got seniority rights.”
Dave forced a grin. “ Ain’t fitted
for city jobs, Si; an’ that’s all’s left.
Besides—”

  His voice trailed away unnoticed.
Again he heard the last examiner’s
caustic comments on his dimming eyes.
The next time. . . . Now reports said
the new eye-test book was mowing
them down like grain before the reaper.

  Elusive phantoms flickered over the
silent walls as the twro loyal veterans
sat pondering their iron pike. Shades
of night were dropping when old Si
leaned over, tapped the agent’s thin
knee, and said:

  “ Folks uster look at th’ depot as a
community place, Dave. In those days
we got news here. We—we telegraphed
about the coming of our babies, an’ our
marriages, an’ our dead. Now—” His
hand went flat.

  “ ’Course, we did,” Dave agreed.
“ An’ that’s all changed now. The men
that’s running things these times hain’t
gonna do business through a hole in
a wall, er leave stuff fer trains without
no agent to look after it.”

  The fiery old O. R. C. stamped to-
ward the door. Dave leaped up, ask-
ing: “You’ll come back, Si?”
CLOSING DAYS

111

  “An’ git yuh fired?” Si answered.
“ ’Course not. Look at Pete Shultz,
f’r instance. Pete run an engine here
fer nigh on forty years. Last ten years
he’s been dodderin’ about boostin’ this
railroad. Then that inspector fellow
catched him cornin’ out of here an’ told
him to loaf somewhere else. Pete’s
mad.”

  “ But, Si, I—”

  “ Who said yuh could help it?” The
former conductor bristled. “ It didn’t
help our railroad none when Pete’s son-
in-law, what runs th’ biggest store
here, turned to trucks. Dad-burn it
all, Dave; it’s a shame! That store’s
alius shipped here jes’ ’cause of old
Pete.”

  “ But I—”

  “ It wasn’t that way when I run th’
locals,” Si went on. “ Agents had
friends then. Now look!” An angry
swish of the cane narrowly missed the
agent’s face. “ Who routs yuh outen
bed at night to do somethin’ fer them
like Sam Howell did to get a city doc-
tor fer his first baby?”

  The agent made no reply.

  “ Shucks, I’m goin’ home,” said Si.

  “ You can come to my house an’
visit, Si,” called the agent appealingly,
“ like you used to when Lucy was
livin’—”

  “ House!” The old-time conductor
rocked about. “ There ain’t no huffin’
an’ puffin’ of engines up there at your
house. You ain’t got no drawbars
a-clangin’ an’ clankin’ up there on th’
hill.”

THE agent’s head dropped. Slowly
he backed into his chair, all the
while watching the gray-haired O.R.C.
who was standing with one hand on
the doorknob. He saw the wrist turn,
the door slowly open.

  “ Gone!” Si Martin murmured.

  The old clock caught up the agent’s
whisper and threw it mockingly back.
. . . Rules, red-tape, competition, greed.
. . . No more would farm folk rush to
doors to salute the human thing of
steam and steel. . . .

  Old Dave forgot it was time to close.
It didn’t matter. Home was lonely
since the wife was dead. He must
cleave to the sacred office as long as
possible.

  Down the tracks the late local whis-
tled for the board, which was still red.
Mechanically old Dave pulled the board
and held it. With a salute the splendid
machine sped past, sending back its
curling feather of steam and smoke.
Dave replaced the old-fashioned board
at stop.

  Fancies, woven by the flickering
light of the dying fire, carried him
away to bygone days. Once he had
sold a ticket to San Francisco, and all
that night in his dreams he had gone
with the romantic passenger away
across the continent to the Golden
Gate, sparkling in the sunlight. The
iron pike was a thing of imagination,
then.

  Memory brought back the eager, ex-
pectant faces of boys pressed against
the depot window, admiring the instru-
ments that talked in tongues. How
the lads had begged to be allowed one
moment of exalted bliss in touching
that magic key! In it they saw the
mystery that unlocked the secrets of a
stretching world.

  But now—youth flaunted its nose at
the agent who telephoned the messages.
Properly so, for what privacy was
there in a message the agent bawled
into a phone for every gossip to hear?
Even the old clock showed its resent-
ment by ticking loudly to cover the
heinous offense.

  Fancy swept Dave Parsons back to
112

RAILROAD STORIES

his youth and his first home with Lucy.
Carried him to where the battered
desk was piled high with 31’s and 19’s,
when the order board was nearly al-
ways red.

  In dreams he saw Si Martin as a
young brakeman, proud of the club and
lantern he possessed. Great days,
those! How Lucy would fly to his
arms when he finally came home at
night!

  Now the silver screen of memory
darkened. Just a beaten old man fac-
ing a lonely evening of life. And be-
cause modern greed needed profits, he
must go. The friendly, talking steam
must give away to the Diesel Stream-
line—a Frankenstein mounted on
stolen rails . . .

  No, he couldn’t battle against the
Streamline. He was tired, very tired,
and Lucy was calling from a halo of
the past . . *

THROUGH the black night an im-
perious scream bore down upon
Masonville. Villagers paused at their
evening meal as it pierced the air. A
few of them moved toward their de-
pot. The Streamline was honoring
them with a stop.

  Time is the essence of the Stream-
line. Frustrated crew moved into the
unlighted depot, above which gleamed
the blood red eye of an ofder board.
Someone cursed. An official com-
manded.

  Electric rays of the conductor’s lamp
bit into the office. By an uncompleted
ticket report sat the figure of an old
man hunched in his chair.

  The noise hushed. With sudden
fear the conductor flashed his lamp
closer. On that fine old face he saw
the serene smile of one who rested at
last from the stress of a busy life . . .

  Masonville depot had closed.

7ffe Sunny Side oftHeTrack

TRAINMEN’S SCHOOL FRIEND

WHILE my Uncle Pete was braking on
the Monon Route between Chicago and
Indianapolis about 40 years ago, several
'boes were killed riding blinds. The com-
pany issued orders that trainmen were to
put tramps off, but only when the train had
stopped. One day a bum was riding and
the con said to my uncle: “Pete, when we
get to the next stop chase that bird off.”
As Pete was telling the fellow to pile
off, the tramp pulled out a .45 and snarled:
“ I’ll get off when I damn please,” mean-
while shoving the gun in my uncle’s ribs.
Naturally the bum was allowed to stay on.

When my uncle came back in the car, the
con asked: “Did you get rid of that bozo?”
“ No, John,” was the reply, “ I hadn’t the
heart to chase him off. I used to go to
school with that fellow.”

“Oh, you did?” sneered the con. “Well,
I’ll get rid of him.”

Then the con went back. “ Come on,
bum,” said he. “Unload!” The ’bo again
used his gun. When the con came back, my
uncle inquired: “Did you chase him off,
John?”

 “ No, Pete,” the con smiled, “ I used to
 go to school with him, too.”—J. Minwegan,
 1405 N. Park Ave., Chicago.

*	* *

RAILROADING IN ARKANSAW

 COME, listen to my story and I’ll tell
 you in my chant.

 It’s the lamentation of an Irish emigrant,
 Who lately crossed the ocean and misfor-
 tune never saw,

Till he worked upon the railroad in the
    State of Arkansaw.
THE SUNNY SIDE OF THE TRACK

113

 When I landed in St. Louis I’d ten dollars
    and no more.

 I read the daily papers until both me eyes
    were sore;

 I was looking for advertisements and then
 at length I saw
 Five hundred men were wanted in the
 State of Arkansas.

 Oh, how me heart it bounded when I read
    the joyful news,

 Straightway then I started for the
    raging Billie Hughes;

 Says he: “Hand me five dollars and a
 ticket you will draw
 That will take you to the railroad in the
 State of Arkansaw.”

 I handed him the money but it gave me soul
    a shock,

 And soon was safely landed in the City of
    Little Rock.

 There was not a man in all that land that
 would extend to me his paw
 And say: “ You’re heartily welcome to the
 State of Arkansaw.”

 I wandered ’round the depot, I rambled up
    and down,

 I fell in with a man-catcher and he said
    his name was Brown;

 He says: “You are a stranger and you're
    looking rather raw;

 On yonder hill is me big hotel, it’s the
    best in Arkansaw.”

 Then I followed my conductor up to the very
    place,

 Where poverty was depicted in his dirty,
    brockey face;

 His bread was corn dodger and his mate I
    couldn’t chaw,

 And fifty cents he charged for it in the
    State of Arkansaw.

 Then I shouldered up my turkey, hungry as
    the sharks,

 Traveling along the road that leads to the
    Ozarks;

 Such sights of dirty bummers I’m sure you
    never saw

 As worked upon the railroad in the State
    of Arkansaw.

 I am sick and tired of railroading and I
    think I’ll give it o’er.

 I’ll lay the pick and shovel down and I’ll
    railroad no more;

 I’ll go out in the Indian nation and I’ll
    marry me there a squaw,

 And I’ll bid adieu to railroading and the
    State of Arkansaw. —Anonymous.

A CLEVER RAILROAD OWNER

TWO 40-year-old locomotives still are in
use at Fitchburg, Mass. They operate
over what is known as the John Cushing
Railroad, which bears the name of its
builder. It is a single-tracked system which
the late Mr. Cushing used in connection with
his grain business.

  An astute business man, legend has it
that when he built the little road, Cushing
mailed free passes to all the railway presi-
dents throughout the country. Not realiz-
ing that no passengers were ever to ride
over the Cushing road, some of these presi-
dents, as a matter of courtesy, sent Cush-
ing free passes for their roads. Cushing
used the passes to travel over the country
in connection with his grain business.—
Dana Mavity, Moline, 111.

*	* *

ORIGIN OF A TOWN’S NAME

TOBAR, in Elko County, Nevada, is pro-
nounced “ Towbar.” The name appears
to have a Spanish origin, but M. B. Badt
gives the real explanation:

  “ When the Western Pacific Railroad was
building in 1906 or 1907, the construction
camp was maintained at the present site
of the town of Tobar. There was a sign
pointing to the Rag Saloon, a temporary
structure built of canvas, which read ‘ To
Bar.’ The camp, and later the town, were
known by this name.”

*	* *

A CHECK FOR A NICKEL

JG. PRATT, recently retired from

•	active service in the Canadian
National shops at Stratford, Ont., has a
memento of early days, which he treasures
highly. It is a cheque paid to him by the
Grand Trunk for his work in Oct., 1895, an
old, yet well-preserved document.

  The cheque is for the exact amount of
five cents. It was originally for 70 cents,
but 65 cents was taken off for insurance.
It must have been a month when Mr. Pratt
was sick most of the time or else away on
vacation.—Canadian National Ry. Magazine.

*	* *

 ADDED ENGINE VALUE
OW much would you say your horse
was worth?” asked a New Haven
claim adjuster, investigating a farmer’s
compensation claim.

  “ At least $1,000,” declared the farmer.
  “Pedigreed stock, no doubt?”

  “Well, not exactly; but you can’t judge
a horse like that by its parents.”

 “No,” the adjuster agreed shrewdly,
“I’ve often noticed how crossing a horse
with an engine will improve its breed.”
International Engine Picture Club

STARTING a
series about
engine-picture ce-
lebrities, we intro-
duce /. Willard,
Famham, 3917
Blaisdell Ave.,
Minneapolis, a
Canadian-Ameri-
can member of the
Ry. & Loco. His-
torical Society. Mr.
Famham’s collec-
tion numbers some
100,000 railroad
pictures, including
actual photos, old prints, magazine clip-
pings, etc. Facts about him were supplied
by I. G. Davidson, 4735 Dupont Ave. S.,
Minneapolis, and his son, John D. David-
son, Memphis, Tenn.

  Farnham was bom in Milltown, New
Brunswick, March 25, 1895. While in
school he used to draw engine pictures on
his slate and was bawled out by unappre-
ciative teachers. Later he got a mill job
in Maine and often hung around the shops
of the old Washington County R. R.,
Ellsworth to Calais, 108 miles. He ran
errands for an engineer’s wife. The engi-
neer gave him 250 copies of the Engineers’
and Firemen’s magazines. From their pages
the boy clipped the nucleus of his present
great collection.

  Farnham is today a motorman with 24
years’ service on the Minneapolis Street
Ry., but his enthusiasm for steam roads
is keen. He has engine pictures from all
over the world, neatly packed in boxes,
albums and glass library cases, which com-
pletely fill a whole room. This room is
appropriately called “ the roundhouse.”
The collection is partly indexed. In addi-
tion, many framed engine pictures and
lithographs adorn the walls of his home.

  He has many actual photos of engines,
wrecks, etc., obtained from correspondence

 with I.E.P.C. members and other sources.

    In 1929 he received a letter from Henry
 Ford asking about a certain locomotive
 operating after 75 years of continuous serv-
 ice. Such an inquiry might have floored
 most of the engine-picture fans—but not
 Farnham! He promptly selected from his
 collection an old Rogers, built in 1854 and
 still wheeling ’em on the Pisco-Ica R. R. in
 Peru, South America.

   On one occasion, H. A. Robertson, of
 St. Paul, mentioned that his grandfather
 was run over and badly injured by a loco-
 motive named the Albion about 75 years
 ago while attempting to drive a hay wagon
 across the tracks of Nova Scotia’s first
 railway, and he had long wanted a photo
 of that engine. Farnham found among his
 duplicates a picture of the Albion and gave
 it to him. Incidentally, a photo of this
 engine appeared in our March, 1931, issue.

   While Famham was driving a street car
 on the Old Colony R. R. in Boston, years
 ago, he struck up an acquaintance with one
 of his passengers — a young community
 nurse named Myrtle Olmsted—fell in love
 with her, and in 1911 he married her.

    “ We had plenty of thrills in street-rail-
 way work,” he says. “ For seven years I
 drove the money wagon, as that car was
 called. Displaying a ‘ Not in Service ’ sign,
 and with all blinds drawn, and carrying an
 armed crew, she operated from 8 p. m.
 till midnight, collecting the day’s receipts
 from the various barns. One night a gang
 held up the car, murdered the cashier, Fred
 Devlin, and got away with the money.”

   Next month we will present Thomas T.
 Taber, chairman of the Ry. & Loco. His-
 torical Society, New York chapter. For
 future issues the fans are asked to recom-
 mend other leaders of the engine-picture
 hobby in U. S. and Canada. Tell us whom
 you’d like to read about—and why. We
 can’t guarantee to print personality
 sketches of every collector you suggest, but
 will use as many as we can.

114
INTERNATIONAL ENGINE PICTURE CLUB

115

  READERS who collect, buy, sell, ex-
  change, or make pictures of loco-
  motives, trains, cars, etc., are listed
  here as members of the International
  Engine Picture Club. There are no
  fees, no dues. Names are published
  in good faith, without guarantee.

    A membership button is given FREE
  to those who send in a “ Readers*
  Choice ” coupon (page 143) and self-
  addressed stamped envelope. (If you
  live in Canada or any foreign land,
  enclose a loose 3c stamp from your own
  country instead of the envelope.)
  Address Engine Picture Editor, “ Rail-
  road Stories,” 280 Broadway, New
  York City. Tell him what you want or
  what you offer.

JR. ARNDT, 7431 Harvard Ave., Chicago,

111.,	has PRR, Belt Line, C&EI, Santa Fe,

•	Li&M, NKP switching order cards to trade
for LV train orders.

  R. B. AZBELL, 639 E. 55th St., Los Angeles,
Calif., wants photos of aband. M&ET.-

*	* «

  E. R. BATSON, Jr., 203 Washington St., Win-
chester, Mass., will swap B&M and B&A 116 or
616 size prints for PRR, western and southern
roads, or will buy.

  E. L. BENTLEY, Gen. Del., Ontario, Calif.,
wants Railroad Man's Oct. '06—Sept. '07; write
prices first.

  J. BENTON, 463 W. 21st St., N. Y. City, has
116 size prints of 20 roads, 4c. ea.. or trade 4
photos for 1 neg.; send stamp for list.

  C. C. BLAND, 15 Grandview Ave., Mt. Wash-
ington, Pittsburgh, Pa., has 116 prints P&LE,
PRR. Erie, WM, Montour, PC&Y, etc., 5 for 25c.,
or trade same size; stamp for sample and list.

W. A. BOERS, 12710 Ferris Ave., Cleveland,

O., has many transfers, prints to trade, incl.
trackless trolleys of Cleve. Ry.

  R. BORDEN, 732 E. Newall, Flint, Mich.,
trades prints and drawings.

  L. BORGER, R.R. 2. Miamisburg, O., has 1
set 1935 Railroad Stories for sale; send 60c. to
cover mailing costs.

  J. G. BOUFFARD, 170 Bank St., Burlington,
Vt., starting; needs help.

  J. BRINSLEY, 2724 Morgan Ave., Bronx, N.
Y. City, has N. Y. City transportation scenes—
negs. 10c. ea., 12 for $1; prints 4c. ea., 28 for $1.

  R. BROOKS, Jr., 120 West Blvd., Lewiston,
Mont., has old n.g. prints to trade for unusual
loco views.	_

  (Miss) L. J. BROWN, 216 S. Idaho St., Butte,
Mont., will draw loco and train pictures.

  J. BRYANT, 6158 Henderson St., Chicago, 111.,
will trade back issues mech. and science mags,
for '34 or '35 Railroad Stories or RR books.

  H and L. W. BURCH, 63 Summit Ave., Bronx-
ville, N. Y., have many foreign and U.S. prints
to trade.

*	* •

  P. CARUSO, 145 Van Horne St., Jersey City,
N j., beginner.

  J. H. CHANDLER, Jr., Middlefield, Mass.,
collects dift. engine prints	^

  R F. COLLINS, 26 Bnckell Ave., Westwood,
N J , has various eastern roads for sale or
trade; send 3c. stamp for list, or 10c. for sample
and list. Wants Erie and short and aband. New
England, N. Y. and N. J. lines.

  M E. CONDON, 454 Cypress St.. Elmira, N.
Y wants history, prints, passes, tts., etc., of
Tioga, State Line, Chemung, SC, Fallbrook. El-
mira & Williamsport RRs.; also copy “ Locos. &
Loco. Bldg." (1876).

  A.	H. COVERDALE, 1633-16 A St. E., Cal-

gary, Alta., Canada, has few 120 size CPR snaps
to trade for others.

 J. COWLEY, 74 Norfolk St., Dorchester.
Mass., has 5x13 photostatic copies of D&RGW
3608 articulated type, side view, pencil drawn,
35c.. ea.

 A.	de CHAMPLAIN, 82A Queen St., W., Otta-
wa, Ont., Canada, has June '34 CPR pub. tts.
CPR fans, send lists.

•	• •

  L. DALY, 511 Holbrook Ave., Plymouth, Mich.,
wants Railroad Stories before ’33; write first;
also swaps and buys prints.

 C. F. DURGIN, Peterborough, N. H., wants
certain WR&M engine prints: engines with
“ Sortwell,” the “ W. A. Stowell,” or with names
of that period: also Upper Coos RR.

  L. J. DIXON, Jr., 5132 Locust St., Philadel-
phia, Pa., wants 116 size negs. of B&LE, CGW
(932, LI, T, Lla, G4, etc.) and any size neg. of
scrapped WM locos; has Rdg., PRR and B&O to
trade; buys 130 size engs. any road.

 T. DONEGAN, 2030 Benedict Ave., Bronx, N.
Y. City, will pay 5c. ea. for SP, C&O, NYC, CNJ
photos or trade; also buys or trades for last 3
rosters.

*	* *

  C. EHRLICH, 714 E. 9th St., Brooklyn, N. Y.,
has 118 size N. Y. City subway and “ els.”

 W. EWALD, 116 Albert St.. Waterloo, Ont.,
Canada, wants lists and prices of pass, time-
tables.

*	* •

 E. H. FERRIS, Jr., 3 Orchard St.. Cold
Springs, N. Y., wants old and new No. American
engines.

  G.	M. FISKE, 305 Ottilia St., S. E., Bayshore
City, Calif., wants Railway Age, Baldwin Loco.
Mags, any date. Railroad Man’s prior to ’18, and
’30 edition “ Master Car Builders Cyclopedia.”

 E. L. FLYNN, 103 Neerim Rd., Glen Huntly
S. E. 9. Victoria, Australia, starting.

K. FOOTE. 1766 Fulton Ave., W. Vancouver,

B.	C., has PGE, CPR and CNR photos to trade.

 S. G. FOOTE, St. George’s School, Newport.
R. I., will buy 16 mm. film of any steam loco,
exc. NYC or New Haven.

*	* *

 J. GARDNER, Hotel Vance, Eureka, Calif.,
has Apr., Sept. ’33; Jan., Oct.-Dec. ’34; and all
’35, exc. June, Railroad Stories, 25c. a copy;
write first.

 J. GEMLASKY. Jr., 61 Old Broadway, N. Y.
City, starting; wants help.

  H.	L. GOLDSMITH, 115-38 203 St., St. Albans,
L. I., N. Y., wants U. S. and foreign Atlantic
types; buys or trades.

 L. W. GOODWIN, Box 3, Northfleld, Conn.,
wants prints of trains or scenes on old Conn.
RRs (now New Haven); sells or trades pub. tts.;
Waterbury fans write.

 W. R. GORDON. 608 Cedarwood Ter., Roches-
ter, N. Y., has engine stamps, postmarks, photos
various roads to trade for pass, tts., engine
prints or Can. stamps.

*	* *

 H.	HARVEY, 7302 Perry Ave., Chicago, will
buy original builders’ photos; has a few to trade.

 W. G. HASSMAN, 216 W. 100 St., N. Y. City,
wants print of Big 4 Pacific type 6400 series
taken before ’20; Big 4 fans write.

 W. HEIL, 412 Cross St., Westbury, N. Y.,
wishes to buy small collection to start; state
quantity, size, roads and price.

 R. HEIRMANN, 725 Wyoming St., San An-
tonio, Tex., will trade train orders, clearances
and tts. for 116 size engine prints.

 E. HERALD. 213 Emerson St. E. E., Pitts-
burgh, Pa., trades Vgn., N&W, etc., train orders;
also 116 size negs. and prints.

  C. A. HESS, Clyde, O., is selling all his emp.
timecards or will trade for NKP, SP, WP 116
size negs. NKP fans, write.

 E. G. HAITGHEY, 242 East F St., Colton,
Calif., will sell 100 dif. loco rosters; send 3c.
stamp for list.	_

 W. HESS, 4629 Gallup Ave., Cleveland, O..
starting; interested in Erie.

 F A. HIPPEY, Rm. 320 V.M.I., Lexington.
Va.. has 15 builders’ photos, 10x7%, with speci-
fications of many N&W classes; also CMStP&P
116

RAILROAD STORIES

Southern Pacific Viaduct Over the Pecos in Texas; 330 Ft. Above River Bed, 2,180 Ft. Long, 18
Ft. Wide; Said to Be North America’s Highest Railway Bridge. Its Completion Feb. 20, 1892,

                        Shortened the S. P. Route by 11.2 Miles
INTERNATIONAL ENGLNE PICTURE CLUB

117

and Detroit Term, to trade for 116 and p.c. alze
engine snaps, no elec.; send lists and otters.

  P. HOGAN, Madison Co. Tuberculosis San.,
Edwardsville. 111., will be grateful for any back
copies Railroad Stories.

  L. L. HOGE, Jr., 415 E. 66 St., N. Y. City, has
snaps of dlf. local roads to trade for western
pikes.

*	* •

  W. D. JONES, Morrlsvllle, Vt., has p.c. size
of dla. stacks, covered RR bridges, H&W Shay-
geared locos, rolling stock; send list for stamp.
English and German photo amateurs write.

  E. JUDD, 661 Platt St., Toledo, O.. has Rail-
road Stories, Dec. '29 to date for sale.

  R. W. JUHLING, 215 Emerson St. E. E„ Pitts-
burgh, Pa., wants photos, negs., rosters and
train orders all U.S. roads, and Railroad Stories
before ’33; has PRR, P&WV, B&O, NYC photos
and negs. trade or sale.

•	* *

  J. J. KEEP, 84-19 168 St., Jamaica, L. I.. N. Y..
will trade or buy old or new L.I. engines.

  M. KOCH, 2730 Tenbroeck Ave., Bronx., N. Y.
C., has few old p.c. auto photos to trade for
short line engines.

  N. E. KOHL, Locust Ave., Glen Head, L. I.,
N. Y., will sell collection of 400 engine and train
photos; sizes 21,4x31>4: 2V4x4'4; p.c., 5x7. Also
2^x4% neg (300) NYC, D&H, LI. Write your
best offer.

  W. KOLBE, 9840 S. Morgan St.. Chicago, has
July, Oct., Nov. ’32; May, July, Nov., Dec. ’33
and most ’34 and ’35 Railroad Stories, 15c. a copy
or trade for what have you?

  L. S. KROACK, 412 Union St.. Grove City, Pa.,
wants Colo. Mid tts., tickets, passes, etc.; also
late copy Official Guide.

*	• •

 A.	W. LEKSTROM (author, “ Copper Wire
Death ”), 127 Mackinac Ave., Manistique, Mich.,
wants history and photo of Soo Line or WC en-
gine 2119 (Mogul); will swap recent snap.

  W. LOTT, 10 Friend St., Taunton, Mass., will
buy or trade for other RR items, old pub. tts.
of merged or aband steam pikes.

  C. J. LUPINEK, 2429 S. Springfield Ave.,
Chicago, 111., wants side view of C&NW 66,

4-6-2 type.

*	• •

  W. MAIER, Jr., 142 Wentworth St., Manches-
ter, N. H., wants to hear from timetable col-
lectors having at least 50.

  R. W. McAFEE, 54 Ashland St., Manchester,
N. H., has folder of B&M-MeC streamliner, $1;
will sell tts; write first, enclosing stamp.

  P. D. McCOURY, 6303 S. E. 92nd Ave., Port-
land. Ore., has 120 and 116 size prints of Port.
Traction, Ore. Elec., Twin Cities Trans, and
3rd Ave. (trolleys), 4c. ea., or trade 5 prints for
1 trolley or interurban neg.

  E. T. MEAD, North St., Greenwich, Conn.,
wants photos of Mt. Gretna N. G., western log-
ging and Col. and Calif. 3-ft. gage roads.

  E.	L. MEYER, 2441 Oak St., Blue Island, 111.,
starting 116 size engine collection; other fans,
write.

 J. MIDDLEKAUFF, 3032 Park PI., N. W..
Washington, D. C., has 116 size Sou., N&W,
C&O, WMd to trade for same size B&M. C&NW.
Wab., Frisco.

  I.	N. MORRILL, 2509 Pierce St., N. E., Minne-
apolis, Minn., offers 5x7 prints of freak Soo en-
gine shown on page 89 at 25c. each postpaid.

  B.	MOORE, 262 Glennview Ave., Toronto, Ont..
Canada, has views of ‘‘20th Century”: PRR
train “ New Day ”; picture. " James J. Hill’s
Vision Realized (GN).”

  W. H. MURRAY. 515 Emerson St., Palo Alto,
Calif., wants following SP engines; 2212, 2214,
2242, 1150, 1451. 1628, 1735, 1153, 1237, 1238. 1239.

*	» *

  C.	NELSON, 837 23 St., Ogden, Utah, trades
engine pictures and tts. for prints; wants lists
and samples.

  C.	NILES, 1928 Farnum St., Davenport, Iowa,
has 111. and Iowa trolley transfers, tokens; also
CRI&P, CM&StP, CB&Q, CD&M tts.; send
stamped envelope for transfers and 6c for tts.
» • •

 L. D. ORSBERN, 2403 E. Grand Ave., Des
Moines, la., has p.c. pictures of midwest roads,

5c. ea., 5x7 at 10c. ea., 3 for 25c.; will trade old-
timers.

  E.	J. OTT, 2708 Auchentoroly Ter., Baltimore,
Md., has 120 size photos of M&Pa, Canton,
P&BR, WMd, NP, W&LE. C&O. RF&P, Soo,
LI. Rdg, PRR, etc., 4c. ea. Send stamped en-
velope for list.

•	• •

  H. PHILLIPS, Box 543, Medfield, Mass., wants
June ’14, Nov. ’18, Jan. 4 and 18, 1919, issues of
Railroad Man’s.

  G. S. POLLEY, 10718 Superior Ave., Cleve-
land, O., has many NYC, SP, B&M, NKP, MoP,
M-K-T, GH&Co, FP&E, Erie, Cleve. Union
Term. Elecs. and several wreck photos; wants
good negs. Write for lists and prices.

  S. PRESCOTT, 70 Pleasant St., Rockland, Me.,
sells 116 size B&M, MeC, Lime Rock and other
prints, 10c. ea. or trade for New Eng. engines;
send 3c stamp for list.

  R. E. PRINCE. Jr., 1141 Larchmont Cres..
Norfolk, Va., has 2V£x4I,4 engine prints of lines
around Norfolk for sale or trade; write for list
and sample. Wants Sept. ’32 Railroad Stories.
RR passes and rosters.

*	• *

  G.	RANDS, Jr., 424 N. Bellinger St., Herki-
mer, N. Y., trades NYC time cards, train orders
and forms for other roads; also RR stationery
with road emblems.

  C.	J. REGENSBURGER, 2145 N. 3rd St., Phil-
adelphia, Pa., has many 116 and 3x5 negs. of
PRR, B&O, Rdg. camelbacks to trade; also sells
prints of 35 roads.

  N. W'. REHFUSS, 1739 N. 43rd St., Camden,
N. J., has Official Guides for sale or trade for
engine pictures.

 K. C. REINHARDT, 404 S. Government St.,
Lincolnton, N. C., has many emp. tts. for sale
or trade; wants back copies Railroad Stories.
Send lists.

  A. W. RERICHA, 3545 W. 56th St., Cleveland,
O., will pay 5c. each, 6 for 25c. or trade for
southern and New Eng. roads, esp. GM&N.
NC&StL, B&Ar, BR&P; send lists.

  D.	S. RICHTER, 1412 6th Ave., San Francisco,
Calif., wants to hear from El Paso, Phoenix and
Tucson fans; also wants Santa Fe and SP negs.

  J. O. RILEY, 520 7th St., Peoria. 111., is dis-
posing of collection of engine prints, tts. ami
Railroad Stories of the late L. F. Craig, 111
Greenleaf St., Peoria, who was killed last Dec.
14th.

  Wr. ROANE, 280 E. 3rd St., N. Y. City, start-
ing.

  J. E. RODEN, 52-10 72nd St., Maspeth, L. 1..
N. Y., wants p.c. size locos.

  R. RUSSOW, 1215 Melrose St., Chicago, 111.,
wants perfect cover for Jan. ’32 Railroad Stories:
write first.

*	* •

  C. SALOMONSEN, Underwood, Minn., has 116
size NPac engine prints, 5c. ea.; send 10c. for
sample and list.

  L. SCHERER, Box 7, Hartford, S. D., wants
old issues Railroad Man’s before 1915 and Rail-
road Stories before 1934; write first.

  H.	F. SCHNAUFER, 71 Columbia Ave., West-
mount, Que., Canada, will buy pass, engines
B&O, LV, Erie, Rutland, B&M; send lists.

 A.	L. SHERMAN, Drawer N-14016, Trenton,
N. J., wants SP Mallets or engines running be-
tween New Orleans and Houston on Sunset Ltd.

  C. SIMON, R. 2, Box 43, Farley, Iowa, has
prints of last train on Bellevue & Cascade RR
(see abandonments): also wants to hear from
Carlsbad, N.M., photo fans.

  F.	SMITH, Box 1, Croton Falls, N. Y., has
wreck prints and back numbers Railroad Stories:
wants aband. roads and engines in N. Y. and
New England.

 S. SRULOWITZ, 627 E. Tremont Ave., New
York, N. Y., starting; would appreciate pointers

  G.	J. STRECKERT, Chilton, Wis., will pay
10c. for 116 size negs. of AN, D&IR, MT&W,
WC, SD&A, NWP, MRL&M, GB&W, DM&N.
M-K-T. CG&N and others; send lists.

  J. SWAREK, White River, Ont., Canada, will
pay 25c. ea. for Mar., Sept. ’30: Sept., Oct. ’31:
Jan. ’34 Railroad Stories; write first.

 R. W. SWEITZER, 1770 N. Taylor Rd.. E.
Cleveland, O., collects pub. and emp. tts. and
118

RAILROAD STORIES

Official Guides; will trade these for engine
prints.

  P. SZYMANSKI, 6034 Catalpa Ave., Brooklyn,
N. Y., has PRR '34 and '35 calendars, 85c. ea.,
’36 for $1. " Loco. Fireman Boiler Instruction,”
65c. and “ Engineers’ and Firemen’s Handbook ”
by Kirkman, 50c.

*	• •

  G.	THATCHER, Leeds, la., wants print IC

2931

  A.'	C. THOMPSON, 874 Washington Ave., Port-
land, Me., has many back copies Railroad

Storips ♦ a op|]

" B. THOMPSON. 408 W. Brooklyn, Dallas,
Tex., has Texas engines and interurbans at ?1
per dozen.

  C. S. THURLOW, Jr., Buckfield, Me., begin-
ner: send lists.

« * *

  W. A. UNDERWOOD, 3916 214th Place, Bay-
side, L. I., N. Y., wants to hear from other L. X.
fans.

  B.	H. UZELAK, 6443 N. E. 23rd Ave., Port-
land, Ore., will trade 15 SP train orders for each
photo sent him as long as supply lasts; also sells
'33, ’34 and ’35 Railroad Stories, 15c. ea. postpaid.

*	» •

 E.	VAN NOSTRAND, 546 Chauncey St.,
Brooklyn, N. Y., has Brooklyn els, subways,
trolleys; Portland and York Utilities Co. (Me.);
sample and list, 10c. Also buys; send your lists
and sample.

  N. A. VARD, 125 Dryburgh St.. N. Melbourne,
Victoria, Australia, wants postcards of U. S.
small steam railways and geared logging engines.

•	* *

  J. P. WALSH, 323 W. 124 St., N. Y. City, has
many mags, and pub. tts. to trade for foreign tts.
and back copies Railroad Stories.

M. WATTECAMP, 60 Daw Ave., Mineola, L.

I.,	N. Y., has PRR and LI motive power and
tr&ins>

  J. WEAVER, 5789 Ridge Ave., Chicago, start-
ing tt. collection; also wants to hear from loco
engineers and firemen.

  J. WEBB, Riverton, Ky., has EK 41 to trade
for other EK engines.

  J. WEIGHTMAN, 1533 Octavia St., San Fran-
cisco, Calif., has set of International Corre-
spondence School RR course books for $19; write
for further information.

  F.	W. WEINGETZ, Jr., 8761 118th St., Rich-
mond Hill, N. Y., has 116 and p.c. size CNJ,
B&O, Rdg., NYO&W, EJRR&TCo., M&U, Rah-
way Vy., FJ&G, NP, PRR, LI and many others;
also tts. of 50 roads; lists and sample print, 10c.

  H.	E. WEISS, 1144 N. Spaulding Ave., Chica-
go, HI., trades Milwaukee Road loco prints, any
size up to 8x10; also will buy old-time negs. any
road.

  P. WESTON, Wilton, Conn., wants photos of
1300 series pass, locos used on New Haven main
line.

  S. T. WHEELER, Stewartville, Minn., will
pay $1 for set ’34 Railroad Stories; also wants
CGW train orders.

  Pvt. C. WHITLOCK, U.S.S. Saratoga, Div 7,
San Pedro, Calif., wants MoP equipt. Will send
in return Panama RR engines.

  R. C. WILSON, 8610 117th St., Richmond Hill,
L. I., N. Y., starting engine picture collection.

  C.	W. WITBECK, Apt. 707, 1803 Biltmorc St.
N. W., Washington, D. C., has 616 size IC,
B&HS, MSC, M&B, L&A, LA&T, KCS, UNW
prints to trade. Wants to hear from fans who
have taken engine picture trips.

 C.	WRIGHT, Camp 1 Mendota, Mendota,
Minn., wants photo SP 4390, 4-8-2 type.	,,

  M. C. YODER, 13110 Stoepel Ave., Detroit,
Mich., will sell complete set Railroad Stories,
Dec. '29 to date; several PRR and other RR
calendars; also brotherhood mags.

•	* *

Proposed Abandonments

  Bellevue & Cascade, formerly narrow-gage
Cascade branch of the Milwaukee Road, entire
line between Bellevue and Cascade, la., 36 miles
(permission granted). Rock Island, Kingfisher
to Cashion, Okla., 16 miles; and Iowa City to
Iowa Jet., la., 11 miles. Midland Valley, Jenks
to Kiefer, Okla., 9 miles. St. Louis Southwes-
tern, Hancock Jet. to Mandalay, Ark., 4 miles.
Weatherford, Mineral Wells & Northwestern,
Salesville to Graford, Tex., 12 miles.

Hints on Collecting Railroad Stamps

UNLIKE stepping out with a camera and taking shots of locomotives, etc., the
railroad postage-stamp hobby requires much patience. Usually you wait and
hope—wait until a friend happens to send you one of the coveted specimens, and then
hope he will find more. That is, unless you can afford to buy them direct from dealers.

    Some collectors trade photos for stamps. You find such notices occasionally in
the columns of our International Engine Picture Club. It is advisable to get a stand-
ard catalog giving the value of stamps in all countries, in order to make fair exchanges.
For instance, the 2c. U. S. stamp of 1901 showing the Empire State Express printed
upside down is worth $2,700. The 3c. U. S. stamp of 1869 showing a 4-4-0 type loco-
motive is valued at 8c. If you give anyone the former stamp in exchange for the
latter you lose exactly $2,699.92.

    I have nothing for sale, but if any I.E.P.C. member wants to know the value of a
certain railroad postage-stamp, and does not have access to a catalog, he may send
me a detailed description of it. enclosing a self-addressed, stamped envelope, and I’ll
state its value, without charge.

    You do not need an album for this hobby. A 10c. loose-leaf notebook serves me
perfectly. Never paste down your stamps; use the common transparent hinges. If
possible, save money by getting your philatelic supplies through a stamp club in your
own town. Some members offer railroad stamps in trade or at low cost. They
will tell you about various specimens. For instance, the Canadian National Railways
use regular postage-stamps punched with the letters CNR, to minimize losses by
theft. Some roads, here and abroad, issue publicity “ stickers.” These are not postage-
stamps, of course. They have no value, but such a collection is picturesque and inter-
esting.—Robert White, Pontiac, Mich.
  Rolling Down to Reno

     Me and Goldenrod Almost Find a Vein of
     Gold under the Virginia & Truckee Roadbed

 By THE ENGINE PICTURE KID

S the old saying goes, one
man’s meet is another
man’s poison—especially
if it is a cornfield meet and
ain’t on the timecard. But
such things will happen on any single-
track pike when an ambitious dispatch-
er tries to run 2 trains down the line at
the same time, and forgets they are go-
ing in different directions.

  This phenomenon does not come un-
der the head of classy railroading.

  Of course, me and Goldenrod was
never bothered with cornfield meets
when we was wheeling them high, wide
and handsome for her father, Hardshell
Higgins, on his 3^-mile road in Sas-
katchewan, Canada. That was mostly
on account of the Happy Valley Line
don’t own but one locomotive, an an-
cient Baldwin 8-wheeler that I must
say looked very pretty the way Golden-
rod had fixed it up with chintz curtains
on the cab windows, and potted
geraniums and everything.

  It is different on the Virginia &
Truckee running into Reno, Nevada,
where me and Goldenrod are now
working. They have got more than one

locomotive on that pike. Some of them
have passed the retirement age a long
time ago—like No. 11, for instants, an
old brass-bound fast-stepper which has
been in service for 63 years and is still
running.

  Me, being an engine picture fien’ of
purest ray serene like about ten thou-
sand (10,000) other members of the
International Engine Picture Club, 1
will naturally travel a lot of miles to
get fresh shots of old and new motive
power of every description.

  So I am very glad when this fellow
James H. Richardson invites me and
Goldenrod out to Reno. We get his in-
vitation while we are out in Hollywood
making a railroad movie, like I tell
about in the Feb. Railroad Stories.

  Of course, I cannot give Reno any
divorce business—as I am still only en-
gaged to Hardshell Higgins’s good-
looking, all-burn haired daughter. We
are not even married yet.

  “ Hmm!” snorts Goldenrod, when 1
mention that maybe we will go to Reno.
“ Rushing things, aren’t you, Kid?”

  “ Oh, no!” I says. “ I only want to
look the ground over."

119
120

RAILROAD STORIES

  Goldenrod lifts her eyebrows, and I
explain that I am naturally referring to
railroad ground.

  “ All right,” she says, “ but don’t let
me catch you looking over any of those
snappy blond divorcees staying in
Reno.”

  “You won’t,” I says. “Anyhow, I
am chiefly interested in the new South-
ern Pacific mountain power.”

  “ In that case, let’s go,” says Golden-
rod, who is a very good sport and en-
joys traveling around the country as
much as I do.

  We take one of the S.P.’s crack
trains east from the Coast, and I play
quite a joke on the hard-boiled railroad
bull who yanks me out from behind the
tender where I am riding blind bag-
gage. Goldenrod is back in the
varnished wagons.

  “ Hey, you bum!” this dick yells,
grabbing for one of my legs. “ You
can’t ride this train.”

  “ That’s what makes horse racing,”
I yell back.

  “ Heh?” snorts the bull.

  “ Difference of opinion,” I says.

  Well, he tries to dislodge me. But I
cannot help laughing when he smacks
me on the chin for getting fresh and I
can show him a perfectly good ticket to
Reno which I had all the time. Only
from force of habit, riding freights and
everything back and forth across the
country, I had forgot that I was a pay-
ing guest of the Southern Pacific and
had climbed onto my hidden perch when
the Limited started.

JIM RICHARDSON meets us in
Reno which is not very hard for
him to do as he is baggageman at the
S.P. depot on the 4.00 p.m. to 12.00
shift. He is also serving his second
term as president of the local Brother-
hood of Railroad Clerks.

  He spots me right away on account
of me wearing my I.E.P.C. button. Be-
sides, I am carrying a couple of
cameras, and am looking around for a
couple more locomotives to snap in ad-
dition to the jack that hauled us into
town.

  “ Hi there, Kid!” he shouts, waving
me down.

  With him are his two youngsters,
Albert and Robert. Albert is 6 years
old, and Robert only 4. Both are al-
ready engine picture enthusiasts.

  “ Where’s Goldenrod ?” pipes up Al-
bert, breaking into a very interesting
conversation which me and his father
are having about how we was both call
boys when we started railroading. Jim,
as he insists I call him, began when he
was 15 on the Western Pacific up at
Winnemucca, his home town.

  “ Gosh!” I says, “ I had almost for-
got about Goldenrod, because the last
thing she told me when we left the
coast was that I was not to have any
good-looking women on my mind when
we got to Reno.”

  “ I hope she didn’t forget to get off
the train,” puts in Robert. He turns
to his father. “ Daddy, can’t I see
Goldenrod ?”

  “ I’m anxious to meet her myself,”
laughs Jim, and just then she comes
over toward the baggage truck against
which we are leaning.

  “ Gee, Goldenrod,” I says, after the
introductions are over, “ me and Mr.
Richardson are going over to Sparks,
where the Southern Pacific shifts from
mountain power running west, to
lighter power traveling east. He
says we also can get some shots of
lighter and older hogs running north
and south on the branch lines. I’m sure
glad I come to Reno.”

  “ Kid,” says Goldenrod with a quiet
smile, “ I’ve heard of golf widows. But
ROLLING DOWN TO RENO

121

I can see that engine picture widows are
going to be the next variation.”

  “ Yeh,” adds Jim. “ That’s what
Mrs. Richardson always says.”

  I’m figuring that maybe I will work
around the S.P. depot in Reno smash-
ing baggage with Richardson, but he
says the S.P. is very funny that way;
when any trunks are busted they like to
have the old hands do it.

  Me and Goldenrod then wind up on
the Virginia & Truckee, which reminds
me of Mr. Higgins’s Happv Valley
Line, only all the employees ain’t rela-
tives of the president like they are on
the H. V. Besides, the V. & T. is quite a
bit longer. It also has some very fine
mountain grades.

  I am firing the brass-decorated No.
ii, the snappy old-timer, with a 4-4-0
wheel arrangement and fancy mud-
guards over her drivers. Amos Sipes,
her hogger, has been handling Eleven’s
throttle so long he practically feels the
hog belongs to him and is not company
property.

  Mr. Sipes is an eagle-eye who looks
like a dignified doctor in overalls on
account of a neatly-trimmed, silver-
gray beard he wears. This personal
whiskbroom is not long enough to tuck
under the red bandana he has tied about
his neck, but it wags up and down like
a haywire semaphore when he starts
jawing with Roscoe Bates, conductor
on his train.

  I notice that Bates has sideburns. In
fact, the whole train crew looks like
they was dragged off the Board of Di-
rectors and put to work.

GOLDENROD ain’t in train service
on the V. & T. They don’t have
room for her, even on the extra board
which is composed of assorted veterans
of the rail. Instead, she lands a cushy
job as secretary to Superintendent Mc-

Ginnis and has to work down in Carson
City where the general offices are.

  “ Know anything about the clerical
end of railroading?” Mr. McGinnis
asks Goldenrod. “ I heard you are pret-
ty good at w'heelin’ ’em over the high
iron.”

  “ I’ve had executive experience,
too,” she says, coloring under the su-
per’s praise. “ I was acting president
of the Happy Valley Line during the
big grain rush last season when Dad
had to wheel freight.”

  “ That’s right,” says McGinnis, “ so
you were.”

  I guess the super reads his Railroad
Stories every month the same as me
and Jim Richardson do, and about a
million other guys all over the world.

  What with moving around and tak-
ing engine pictures and getting Golden-
rod settled in Carson City, I am very
tired when I start my first run on the
V. & T.

  There is a good head of steam in the
boiler, and I am corked off on the right-
hand seatbox, dreaming of having a
jack of my own to roll some day and
maybe snoring slightly . . . when Amos
Sipes, the engineer, comes barging into
the cab.

  “ Of all the blinkety-blank, lazy tal-
lowpots!” he yells in my ear. For a
moment I think I am back on the Hap-
py Valley and it is Goldenrod’s father
talking to me.

  “ You can’t sleep in this cab!” storms
the hogger, which is a very foolish
statement and not in line with the facts.

  “ On the contrary, Mr. Sipes,” 1
says. “If you would pipe down, I
could sleep here very comfortably.”

  “ Well, you ain’t goin’ to,” he goes
on, his chin whiskers dancing around.
“ Get some steam in this pile of junk!”

  Just then the safety pops off, which
is the answer to that one.
122

RAILROAD STORIES

  “ She’s got all she’ll hold right now,
Mr. Sipes,” I says.

  Amos gives me a dirty look, slaps
himself down on the leather seat
cushion and makes a vicious grab for
the throttle.

  When he gets his highball from Con-
ductor Bates, back on the end of the
short string of ancient wooden passen-
ger coaches, he pulls out of Minden
like he was trying to make No. 11 jump
fences. I guess there is more on his
mind than his cap while we are swing-
ing down the right-of-way, and 1 am
not mistaken.

  Out of a clear sky he turns to me.

   “ This road’s gettin’ so it ain’t fit for
a man to work on,” he explodes. Dig-
ging in his jumper pocket, he pulls out
a sheet of green flimsy.

  “ Read it,” he orders. “ More con-
founded red tape, and I bet it is some
of that new female secretary of Mc-
Ginnis’s work.”

  I must say the general order don’t
sound so harsh to me. It merely states
that in future the train crews will not
halt their trains on regular runs to pros-
pect for gold alongside the right-of-
way.

  “ Me and Roscoe Bates has got a
good claim down the line a ways,”
Amos mumbles into his beard. “ Staked
it last week.”

   He takes the flimsy back, rolls it into
a little wad, and flips it out the cab
window.

  “ What I want to know is,” he barks
at the steam gage in front of him,
“ who’s runnin’ this train, me or Mc-
Ginnis?”

  “ Well, Mr. Sipes,” I says, “ after
all, you can’t run a train on schedule
and prospect at the same time.”

  “Who says I can't?” flares up the
old man. “ I been doin’ it for years and
there ain’t nothin’ happened yet.”

  “ Not yet,” I says. “ But it is funny
about railroading. What ain’t hap-
pened in the last 30 years, may happen
in the next thirty seconds.”

JUST then we hear a locomotive
whistle in the distants. We swing
around a bend and there, standing up
the track a piece, is No. 8, a southbound
passenger local.

  “ The sonovagun!” snaps the engi-
neer, closing his throttle and reaching
for his air. “ That’s Pete O'Brien. He
was supposed to wait for us back at
Stewart.”

  We buck and slide some until Amos
gets his train under control. Then he
glides down easily and comes to a halt
with Eleven’s pilot a few yards away
from the nose of No. 8. Grabbing a
spanner wrench, the old man swings
out of the cab and strides forward. I’m
right behind him.

  “ I bet Pete snuck down to do some
assessment work on his claim,” he says.
“ Pete’s located right next to me and
Bates.”

  Eight’s hogger ain’t around his en-
gine, but Sipes locates him digging a
trench back on the desert, and heads for
him.

  “What’s the trouble?” shouts my
engineer. “ Why ain’t you back where
you belong?”

  “ Yeh?” snaps Pete O’Brien, “ I had
enough time on you to get into the sid-
ing up at Pinon Gulch. How come you
ain’t there? The boys reported a new
gold strike in the gulch yesterday.
Figured you and Roscoe would be look-
ing around a bit. What’s the hurry?
Going to a wedding, or something?”

  “ Didn’t you get a copy of that new
general order?” asks Amos, still
bristling.

  “ Sure,” says the other hogger. “ But
1 slung it out the window. Figured at
ROLLING DOWN TO RENO

123

your age, you wouldn’t pay no attention
to them things.”

  “ Well,” says Amos, drawing him-
self up very dignified, “ I run by the
book . . . sometimes. You gotta’ back
up to Stewart and let me through.”

  “ The heck I have,” snaps Pete
O’Brien, dropping his shovel and com-
ing close. “ You back up to the Gulch
and I’ll pass you there. Anyhow, look
at this gravel. It’s bonanza dirt!”

  He shows Mr. Sipes some sandy dirt
with little yellow specks of virgin gold
in it.

  “ Gosh all thunder!” exclaims Amos.
“ That’s sure rich. I ain’t goin’ back.
You go back to the town, and I’ll wait
here till you have time to get in the
clear.”

  O’Brien laughs at the old man. It is
very plain that each hogger wants to
stay where he is and do a little pros-
pecting on his own while the other
backs his train into the clear.

  It is about 3 miles into Stewart,
and the same distance back to the pass-
ing track at Pinon Gulch. Both men
are very stubborn, just like Mr. Hard-
shell Higgins. While they are arguing
the situation I decide to get my camera
from the left-hand seatbox and take a
few shots of this cornfield meet on the
V. & T.

  The passengers in both trains are
leaning out the windows trying to dis-
cover what the trouble is. Outside of
that, it seems they are used to un-
scheduled stops and delays on the rail-
road.

  On account of the sun is wrong, I
have to go over to the other side of the
engines to take my picture. I am sur-
prised to see a couple of men digging
not far out there in the desert.

  When they see me with a camera
they drop their shovels and run toward
the train. I guess they was maybe pas-

sengers doing some prospecting them-
selves.

  Anyhow, on account of a picture al-
ways looks better with people in it, in-
stead of just plain machinery like a
couple of locomotives, I shift my
camera so that these 2 bozos are in-
cluded in one of the shots. I also decide
that maybe if I can locate them later in
the train, I will arrange to sell them a
few copies of the picture for a souvenir.

WELL, I get all the views I want,
and still the 2 engines are stand-
ing face to face, smoke curling out of
their stacks. There ain’t no sign of
Amos Sipes, or Pete O’Brien either.

  I am leaning against a milepost sign
right even with the cab of Eleven when
Conductor Bates comes along.

  “ Ain’t them nitwit hoggers settled
this cornfield meet yet?” he asks.

  “ It don't look like it, Mr. Bates,” I
says. “ I guess they are still over on the
other side of the tracks arguing.”

  “ Hmmph!” says Roscoe Bates, rub-
bing a little desert dust off the brass
buttons on his coat, and shining them
with the back of his sleeve. “We sure
can’t stay here all day. There ain’t no
diner on the train.”

  Telling me to come with him, he
crosses over between the pilots of the
engines. Amos and Pete are still argu-
ing hot and heavy.

  “ Boys,” says the conductor sternly.
“ This ain’t going to get us anywhere.
Let me settle the point in a dignified,
railroad fashion.”

   “ I’m goin’ to settle it with this span-
ner in a couple of seconds,” thunders
Amos, waving his wrench under
O’Brien’s nose.

  “ Sssh!” says Bates. “ You’re too old
for such violence, Amos. I’m going to
be fair and square. I’ve got a coin here
which I shall toss into the air. Heads,
124

RAILROAD STORIES

O’Brien backs his train up. Tails,
you back up to Pinon Gulch.”

  “ That ain’t railroadin’!” snaps
Amos. “ It’s gamblin’.”

  Roscoe don’t pay any attention to the
old fellow. He heaves the silver dollar
he is holding high into the air. Then it
takes him 5 minutes to find where it
landed in the gravel.

  “ Heads!” he announces gravely.
O’Brien takes a squint at the coin,
and nods his head. Bates picks up the
dollar as Pete shuffles toward his train
and swings up into the engine cab. He
releases his air, and pretty soon No. 8
is backing slowly down the track in the
direction she came.

  “ I don’t approve of settlin’ things
that way, Roscoe,” says Amos, pulling
at his beard, as the 3 of us walk over
toward our brass-bound hog. “ I ain’t
a gamblin’ man.”

  “ Me neither,” says Bates. “ Gam-
bling’s against my principles.”

  He gives me a sly wink as he pulls
the so-called dollar from his vest pocket
and slowly turns it over in the palm of
his hand. Both sides are heads!

  “ Had it made for me in Reno,” he
grins, heading for the rear end of his
train.

I MUST say that railroading on the
V. & T. is conducted along very
informal lines, which is what I explain
to Goldenrod a few nights later when
we have rolled into Reno.

  We have picked up Jim Richardson
and his family and we are taking in
one of the city’s hot-spots for a little
quiet dancing and celebration.

  Some people will claim that a man
with a past is more interesting to the
female sects, but personally I believe
the guy with a present gets along better,
especially if the present is a good one
like the one I give Goldenrod on this

occasion—prints of all the engines 1
have taken since we came to Nevada.
There is quite a pile of them, too.

  Goldenrod, having looked the pic-
tures over and the next dance being a
waltz, we move out onto the floor to
the strains of a swell orchestra. A very
peculiar tingle creeps up and down my
spine as I hold Goldenrod tight in my
arms as we glide to the tempo of the
music. I guess it is love, or else a
touch of rheumatism I may have got
from working the mountain run with
old Amos.

  For quite a spell neither me nor
Goldenrod says a word. Just dancing
together is sufficient. In fact, it’s divine.

  Finally Goldenrod breaks the silence.
“ Kid,” she says. “ Supt. McGinnis is
worried.”

  “ Most railroad supers are these
days,” I says.

  “ His case,” she says solemnly, “ is
different.”

  “ What’s he worried about?” I says.
“ The men prospecting along the
road ?”

  “ Partly,” says Goldenrod.

  Then she tells me that the railroad
owns a lot of the land adjoining its
right-of-way. Lately there has been a
cattle man wanting to buy a large tract
for grazing land.

  “ Why don’t Mr. McGinnis sell it?”
I says above the music.

  “ Because,” goes on Goldenrod, “ he
has a hunch that the grazing gag is only
a blind and that the cattle man is only
a dummy owner. He’s afraid a mining
syndicate is behind the deal, and is try-
ing to beat down the price on the story
that the land is wanted only for ranch-
ing purposes.”

  “ In that case,” I says, “ why don’t
he refer the whole problem to the Light
of the Lantern dept, of Railroad
STORIES?”
ROLLING DOWN TO RENO

125

  “ Oh, he did,” Goldenrod tells me.
“ And the editor says to put the matter
up to the president of the road. But the
president happens to be in New York.
He wired back that Bill was in the field
and for him to use his own judg-
ment.”

  “ Yeh,” I says, “it’s a peculiar
situation.”

  Goldenrod gives me a pitying look
and she goes on: “ There’s been copper
mining down around there for a long
time, but in 1931 placer gold was dis-
covered in the Singatse Mountains, and
nobody knows where the gold will be
found next. Everybody’s been pros-
pecting lately.”

  “ Including Amos Sipes,” I says.

  Goldenrod’s story makes sense to me.
You see, Roscoe Bates was telling on
the run down, how it ain’t so long ago
since folks discovered that part of the
V. & T. roadbed lay over a 2-million
dollar vein of ore.

  In fact, a section of the road was
moved across a canyon so the Sutro
Tunnel Coalition Co., Inc., which
owned the vein could sink a shaft and
recover all that new wealth. About 16
hundred feet of new track had to be
laid, so the V. & T. could detour around
the lode.

LIST then the music stops.

  Me and Goldenrod start back
through the couples on the dance floor
toward our table. Goldenrod spots
Jim and his missus also making for our
table where the rest of their family are
making pretzel houses.

  The four of us are almost there when
I see 2 guys standing off to one side.
They are fellows I am very anxious to
meet, being the 2 lads who was in the
picture I took of Amos Sipes’ recent
cornfield meet with Pete O’Brien.

  “ Wait a minute, Goldenrod,” I says,

letting go of her arm. “ There’s a
couple of fellows I want to talk to.”
One of them looks up as I push
through the throng. The 2 whisper to-
gether, and then make for the door.

  “ Hey!” I says. “ You with the Stet-
son !”

  Before I can catch up with them,
however, they are practically out the
front door.

  “ Naw,” barks one of the men when
I explain why I have pursued them,
“ we don’t want no pictures.”

  But his companion jabs him in the
ribs.

  “ Sure,” he says. “ We’ll take 2
dozen copies the next time you see us.
Toodle-oo, Funny-face.”

  With that they hurry out of the door,
laughing. I am smiling myself, when I
start back for my table, at the good
news I will have to tell Goldenrod of
selling 2 dozen engine pictures to one
bird.

  “ Fine!” says Goldenrod, shaking
her head slowly. “ But who is the fel-
low? Did you get his name and ad-
dress, Kid?”

  “Gosh!” I says. “I forgot to re-
member to ask him.”

  Both Goldenrod and Jim Richardson
give me a very thorough ribbing over
this. But I do not say anything, as I
am one who believes that he laughs best
who laughs afterwards. Besides, I have
a hunch that 1 will know where to find
these 2 birds again some day.

  Before we go home for the night,
J im says he thinks he will make the trip
all the way down to Minden on the
V. & T. and get himself some good
shots of the old power used on the
road.

  “ Make it next Saturday,” suggests
Goldenrod. “ I’m going to ride out
with the Kid then myself.”

  “ Oke,” says Jim, looking at his wife.
126

RAILROAD STORIES

“ And I guess I’ll bring Mrs. Richard-
son and the youngsters along, too.”

  The children clap their hands in glee.

IT appears that Supt. Bill McGinnis
has a weakness for engine photos
like a lot of other railroad executives,
so I give him a bunch of pictures I have
taken on the V. & T.

  Of course, I do not include the one
with Pete O’Brien and Amos Sipes
walking past the pilots of No. n and
No. 8 because I don’t want to have to
explain how come the two hoggers
were prospecting along the right-of-
way, after the general order had been
issued forbidding such practices.

  Saturday comes around. We pick up
Goldenrod at Carson City. I must say
she looks very pretty and efficient, in a
brown tweed sports suit, as she comes
forward to the cab where I am doing
my daily dozen with the coal scoop. Jim
and his family are already aboard.

  I introduce Goldenrod to Amos
Sipes. The old guy beams all over,
which is very complimentary from this
hogger because he is a rail who is usu-
ally as cranky as Goldenrod’s father,
Hardshell Higgins, when he is at the
throttle.

  “ Boys,” she says, “ better watch
your step this run. Superintendent Mc-
Ginnis is going with us.”

  Amos is leaning out the window
watching for Roscoe Bates’s highball,
but mostly his eyes are on Goldenrod.

  Then she explains to me that the
super is going to make his decision on
the land deal over the week-end. He
wants to be up in the solitude of the
mountains to do his master-minding.

  Amos don’t catch his highball till
Bates gives it a second time. Then he
eases open his throttle, and stands
ready to horse the Johnson bar back a
few notches as the drivers grip the

rails, and the train moves forward.
Goldenrod stands back, and swings
aboard the first passenger coach as it
rolls by.

  It ain’t long before Amos has cracked
his throttle wide open, and we are spin-
ning across the country to the swift
throb of the old hog’s shrill exhaust.

  “ I’m goin’ to give McGinnis the ride
of his life,” says Amos, watching the
ribbon of glistening steel slide under
the leading truck wheels. “ He’s been
moanin’ for a long time about this en-
gine. Figures she oughtta’ been retired
long ago.”

  He gives a little sigh. “ But when she
goes,” he continues, “ I go too.”

  I can understand the old man’s feel-
ings, because Goldenrod used to feel
the same way about her own little
Baldwin up on the Happy Valley Line.

  We must be doing 60 an hour, and
the cab is rocking so bad, it is hard to
hit the grate with black diamonds.
Amos don’t say a word when a load of
coal misses the firebox door and sprays
itself all over the floorplates. He don’t
shut down on his speed, either.

  “ Anyhow,” I says, bracing myself
against the motion of the engine, “ I
hope we don’t meet Pete O’Brien pros-
pecting out in the middle of the desert.”
“ Me, too,” says Amos, with a broad
grin. “ It would be too bad for Pete
this time.”

  Then he adds more seriously: “ I’ll
watch the road. You get over in that
left-hand window and look ahead for
smoke.”

WE go by Stewart all right. The
grades hold us back some, but
Amos is driving Eleven like he was late
with the U. S. mail.

  I	am at my post, looking ahead from
the tallowpot’s side. Suddenly I tense
at what I see.
ROLLING DOWN TO RENO

127

  “ Wipe the clock!” I shout to Amos.

  At the sound of my words, the engi-
neer stiffens. One hand instantly
closes the throttle and his other reaches
for the air valve.

rod. Behind them a whole crowd of
passengers are streaming from the cars.

  But I pay no attention to any of
them. Up ahead, tearing across the
desert, is the guy in the Stetson and his
companion who ordered them 2 dozen
engine photos from me. With me busi-
ness is always business. Besides, Amos
was running so far ahead of time
he’d have at least an hour to wait
at Pinon Gulch for Pete O’Brien.

  “ What the blinkety-blank ?” snorts
Amos, his eyes still straining ahead.

  The wooden cars rattle behind us as
we buck and jump along the rails. I hit
the dirt running before the train has
even come to a stop. I land right be-
side the milepost that marks the spot
where Amos and Pete had their corn-
field meet.

  Behind I can hear the sound of men
shouting, and the tramp of running
feet. One glance back and I can see
Amos taking after me, and Conductor
Bates and J im Richardson and Golden-

  The guy with the Stetson and his
companion are getting away from me,
until the former trips over a stone in
the desert and goes sprawling on his
face. Turning to see what has hap-
pened, the other guy crashes into a
clump of prickly pear.

  He is still picking cactus needles out
of his caboose when I catch up with
them.

  “ Hey,” I says, “ where do you fel-
lows want them engine pictures sent?

I	got ’em all ready for you.”

  “ Nuts,” says the guy with the hat.

•• Hey, Where Do You Want
Them Engine Pictures Sent?
I Got ’Em Ready for You ’’
128

RAILROAD STORIES

  Amos and Roscoe Bates join us.

  44 Gone plumb loco,” says Amos to
the panting conductor. “ Didn’t think
he was a drinkin’ man neither, but he
shouts to me to wipe the clock and
there ain’t even a horny toad on the
track.”

  Bates lights into me, too. I do not
get a chance to squeeze a word of ex-
planation in sideways.

  " Ordinarily, I wouldn’t mind,”
snaps the conductor. “ But with Supt.
McGinnis ridin’ the train, it—it looks
terrible. Sloppy railroading.”

  Even Goldenrod looks at me very re-
provingly, and I am indeed embar-
rassed to be getting such a bawling out
in front of the girl to whom I am en-
gaged.

  “ Aw, shucks!” says Richardson.
“ He meant well.”

  Right then I figure I am fired, be-
cause Supt. McGinnis pushes Amos
aside and stands in front of me. There’s
a grin on his face a mile wide.

  “ Kid,” he says, extending his hand.
“ Put her there. You’ve saved the V. &
T. a lot of money.”

  “ Mr. McGinnis,” I explain, 441 al-
ways try to burn as little coal as pos-
sible, no matter what road 1 am work-
ing on.”

  “ I’m not talking about coal,” says
the super. “ You’ve showed me who’s
behind the land deal that Nevada Joe’s
been trying to engineer.” He laughs at
the guy with the Stetson. “ Wanted it
for grazing, did you, Joe?”

  Then he turns to the other fellow.
44 All right, Forbes,” he says, “ Mon-
day, we’ll sign the papers in Reno—on
an honest basis.”

  The fellow shrugs his shoulders.
“ Reckon the jig’s up,” he whispers to
the guy with the Stetson. " Suppose
we’ll have to pay the road what the
land’s worth—as mining property—
after all.”

  On our way back to the train, I turn
to the super.

  I	have something on my mind.

  44 By the way, Mr. McGinnis,” I
says, 44 if you’ve got that fellow
Forbes’ full name and address, I’d like
to have it. He promised to buy 2 dozen
engine photos from me.”

Juggling a Nitro Train

RAILROAD construction was full of perils, and not the least of
them were those which went with handling and transportation
of high explosives. Chemistry during the period of intense rail-
road development was not exactly the science it became in later
years; faulty mixtures were all too plentiful and they had a way
of going off at unexpected times and places. Many construction
men, muckers and engineers were shorn of arms, legs, eyes and
other parts of their anatomy due to premature explosions. How-
ever, at times the handling of dangerous materials had its hu-
morous as well as tragic side, and one of these was the episode
of the nitro train during the construction of the C.P.R. between
Winnipeg and Prince Arthur’s Landing, now Port Arthur, Ontario.

    Steel had been completed in 1879 from Port Arthur to Martin, 90 miles west,
but the roadbed was anything except smooth and straight. As the Port Arthur “ Daily
Sentinel” said: “The road resembled the outline of a snake killed in the midst of its
convolutions; a train passing over it imitated the motions of a ship at sea and the
chances of the engine leaving the rails were as numerous as the twists and turns them-
selves.”

                                                                  6 R
JUGGLING A NITRO TRAIN

129

     Port Arthur, head of the lakes, was naturally the supply base for all construction
 material. Steamers from Canada and the United States poured cargoes of railroad
 supplies into the port from where it was later shipped to the end of steel, via the road-
 bed described above.

     One cargo of nitro-glycerine was domiciled for a time at Port Arthur. As its tricky
 nature was known, the city fathers insisted that so long as it remained in town it be
 distributed in different places. The road officials complied and removed a portion of
 it to what is now Fort William. Stored in a shack on the present site of the C.P.R.
 roundhouse, it let go one day for no apparent reason. Fortunately no one was in-
 jured, but everyone was scared stiff.

     “Get your damned stuff out—and quick,” was the ultimatum of the Port Arthur
 officials to the road. “We’re making a city of this place and have no desire to be blown
 clear across Lake Superior.” In Canada, when governmental bodies clash with private
 enterprise, private enterprise usually comes off second best; the railroad took steps
 to remove the remaining five freight cars of nitro. Inasmuch as it was being used
 at the end of steel, that was the logical place to store it, and Riley’s Siding, near Mar-
 tin, was chosen as its next resting place. But the road ran into a snag. No train
 crew would haul the stuff. Jobs in those days were not hard to get, and every C.P.R.
 man in the train service at the lake head simply excused himself.

     John King, a young French-Canadian from Montreal, knocking about the country
 to see what he could see, heard of the railroad’s dilemma. He had been employed
 previously at a nearby gravel pit and knew something of explosives. For a substantial
 consideration, he volunteered to take the nitro to Riley’s Siding. He was given full
 charge and authority to recruit the necessary help.

     First, he cajoled an engineer and a fireman by proposing that they put the five
 cars of nitro on the tail end of a thirty car train of empties. Fine. Thirty cars would
 provide quite a buffer in case anything went wrong. King didn’t know that exactly, but
 he made the engineer and fireman believe it. So far, so good, but how are you going
 to get a conductor, flagman and brakeman to ride in a caboose hooked onto five cars
 of nitro?

     John King scratched his head. Apparently the thought of putting the caboose
 next to the engine never entered his mind. He talked the matter over with Bob Craig,
 a conductor, and they decided that Craig and one brakeman could ride a velocipede
 behind the train, just in case they were needed. The simple matter of brakes was
 almost overlooked. There was no air in those days and setting brakes meant getting
 out on the train with a brake stick.

     Fortunately, the grades were few and moderate. On a bright morning, with a
 cleared track to Riley’s Siding, a locomotive with thirty-five cars—thirty empties be-
 tween the engine and the nitro—pulled out of Port Arthur. King himself rode the
 caboose, coupled onto the last nitro car. Five miles behind, maintaining that distance
 throughout the entire journey, came Bob Craig and a brakeman on a velocipede. Only
 when the train halted to permit its crew to eat, did the velocipede catch up.

     King was worried. He knew engineers. The big thing on his mind during the
 90-mile trip was would the hogger forget the nature of his freight? Would he uncon-
 sciously or sub-consciously give the cars a playful bang now and then? Would the
 slack in the links run in or out? Eventually, after enough worry to drive away the
 thoughts of the money he would get, the train and its one man crew in the caboose
 reached Riley’s Siding. So did Bob Craig and his brakeman, almost a day later, still
 on the velocipede.

     John King, a prominent citizen of Port Arthur, is alive and hale today, or at least
 he was in June, 1934.—R. A. Emberg.
A Rain-Soaked Mountain Cliff Slid Down Across the D. & R. G. W. Right-of-Way near Salida,
Colo., Derailing a Passenger Train and Injuring 4 Persons. Note the Twisted Rails

Oa tRe Spot

will be “The Engineers’ Brotherhood,” by
Charles F. Carter; “The Woodstock Bridge
Disaster of 1^7,” by N. A. Critchett; and
“ Quicksands of Railroad Finance,” by Jim
Holden, being the history of the much-dis-
puted M.&St.L., which can’t seem to make
up its mind whether to continue operation
intact, or be distributed piecemeal among
other roads, or join the long and ghostly
list of abandoned pikes.

Before you forget, please fill out the
Reader’s Choice Coupon (page 143) and
mail it; or make your own coupon on a
postcard or letter. Votes and comments
on the Feb. issue so far received show the
following line-up in order of popularity;

    1—Mileage	Hog, Dellinger

    2—True	Tales of the Rails

    3—Souvenirs	for the Super, Earp

    4—Road	to Yesterday, Tyler

    5—Great	Strike of 1877, Edwards

    6—On	the Spot

    7—Light	of the Lantern

 8—Engine	Picture Kid in Hollywood

    9—The	Eight-Wheeler, Curran

 10—International	Engine Picture Club

    11—’Boes	Are ’Boes, Pugsley

    12—Locomotives	of the P. & L. E.

130

         O much interest was expressed
         in our 1935 series of “ Old-
         Time Railroading ” covers that
         Emmett Watson has painted an-
         other for next month. It shows
         a balloon-staek engine pulling a
         passenger train into the depot.

  Next month’s fiction will include a his-
torical novelette by Ed Samples, dealing
with the big flood at San Marcial, N. M.,
on the old Santa Fe. Also another of those
Kokomo Kid yarns by Dave Martin, which
you haven’t seen for a long while: “Chi-
nook Charlie Comes Home,” a dramatic
blend of humor and pathos. And an en-
gine-service story, “ The Female Op,”
writte.i and illustrated by Harry Temple,
the brass-pounder who used to paint our
front covers a few years ago.

  Heading the True Tales section will be
“ Boomers in the Tropics,” by Turkey
Moore, whose life story (Oct. ’35) drew
a great many letters of comment.

  Among the illustrated features for May
ON THE SPOT

131

A Tiny Scrap of Paper

 “A TINY SCRAP OF PAPER,”
by N. A. Critchett (Jan. issue) had
a special appeal to me because, as
a boy in Chicago, I worked as an ex-
press messenger on the Rock Island. Old-timers
often spoke of the cruel murder of Kellogg
Nichols. I covered the same run many times.
The head car in which the messenger rode was
known as the Peoria car. He rode in this car
and handled local express between Chi. and Bureau
Jet., where he turned the car over to the Peoria
branch messenger. Then he went into the rear,
or Kansas City, car and worked with the bag-
gageman the rest of the way to K.C.

  Newt Watt had 2 brothers, Tom and Bob, also
baggagemen on the R.I. Both were fine men,
who were later retired on pension and have since
died. I worked with them, and at one time
lived next door to Bob in Chicago. I understand
Newt also was O. K. until he came under
Schwartz’s influence.

  I worked with Conductor Fred Wagner on the
Chicago-West Liberty run for a couple of years
and knew him well. I also worked with Con-
ductor Danforth.

  The boys said Nichols was somewhat careless
in his duties and the cause of much concern to
“Uncle Joe” Sheppard, manager of the Western

 “ CASEY JONE'S FIRE-
MAN” (March issue) re-
called the tragic day 36
years ago when I was sent
to Grenada, Miss., to com-
plete Casey’s run and bring
his train back to Memphis.
Casey and I had been
friends for years. His death to the wreck was
a blow to me. His widow and children are liv-
ing today. So is his fireman, Sim Webb, about
whom the article in Railroad Stories was printed.
I know Sim well. He happened to pass my
home the other day, and stopped to tell me how
much he enjoyed the article.

  Long before Casey took the ill-fated Memphis-
Canton run, he and I were on the same freight
runs between Water Valley, Miss., and Jackson,
Tenn. Casey had 3 hobbies: devotion to his
engine, desire to maintain schedules, and the
sounding of a locomotive whistle. One day we
both pulled into Jackson yards about the same
time. While waiting for clearance, Casey said
to me: “ Harry, if you’re ever assigned the 638
while I’m off duty, take good care of her.”

  As for maintaining schedules: He taught me a
lesson when I first came to the I.C.’s Mississippi
Div. I was pulling a drag out of Jackson and
had a wait order to meet Casey at Lamar, Tenn.
He was running a banana train on special schedule,
due at this point 3.23 p.m. I managed to get
my drag into the siding as he roared by, right
on the dot. Later my conductor said the clear-

Dept., U. S. Express Co. Once the bridge over
Green River near Colona, 111., was washed out.
Passengers, baggage and express were ferried
across "on a raft. While Nichols was transferring
his safe it fell into the river. They had a hard
time recovering it. Uncle Joe said he wouldn’t
have cared so much about losing the safe if only
Nichols had been tied to it. But later he felt
very sad about the murder.

  Following the crime, a man named Frank Wing
came on the runs as brakeman and baggageman.
He was a mixer, well liked by the boys. Later
it transpired he was a Pinkerton detective. He
did good work on this case.—H. W. Chambers,
1534 W. 26th St., Des Moines, la.

*	* *

  THAT old locomotive pictured on page 89 of
Feb. issue was “ Economy No. 1,” of the Darling-
ton Cannel Coal R.R., New Galilee to Cannelton,
Pa., 7 miles. The road was built in the ’6o’s
by the Economites; hence the engine’s name. (See
“ Double Gage,” by N. A. Critchett, Jan., ’36,
issue.) The man looking out of the cab window
was R. Lowry, who now lives in Cleveland, O.
The road was later extended to Lisbon, O., as
the Pittsburg, Marion & Chicago R.R., now the
Pittsburg, Lisbon & Western.—Frank E. Steele,
R.D. 2, Beaver Falls, Pa.

ance between our caboose steps and the pilot of
Casey’s engine did not exceed 6 inches! After
that I made certain my train was waiting for
Casey and not pulling into a siding.

  Every cotton-field Negro between Cairo and
Canton could tell when Casey Jones was at the
throttle. His ability to handle a whistle cord
was marvelous. His beautiful chime notes, start-
ing at a high crescendo, trailed off into a whisper.
The day Casey was killed at Vaughan, Miss., he
had just completed a i.s-barrel whistle and mount-
ed it on the 382. Sim, who fired for me for
years after the wreck, told me that just before
Casey blew for Vaughan he called over the
boiler-head: “ Oh, Sim, we'll sure wake ’em up
at Canton this mornin’ with the new whistle.’’

  I don’t know what became of that whistle. I
was assigned the 382 when she returned from the
shops after the wreck, but her whistle was missing.
In its stead was a regular I.C. standard chime
of the type which was then being used to replace
the engineers’ home-made whistles.

  On the night of April 29, 1900, Casey had
some trouble coupling into a southbound mail
car. He bunted it several times with the 382
when he arrived at the Poplar St. station, Mem-
phis, for No. 1, but couldn’t make the coupling.
The car rolled downhill, but was caught and
brought back to the station before One arrived.
If they had failed to stop this car, Casey prob-
ably would not have been killed, as the delay
to One would have made him late enough to
miss the fatal meet with the freight.

I Took over Casey Jones’s Run
132

RAILROAD STORIES

In the Maple Leaf Dominion

  I was assigned to No. i after the wreck, and
later was given the 382. Six months afterward
the 382 dropped a front pilot wheel when coming
to a stop at Canton. No. 1 was late upon arrival
in Memphis that night, and I had hammered her
all over the back all the way to Canton. Heaven
only knows why the wheel waited until the end
of the run to drop off.

  In 1903 train wreckers threw a switch south
of Memphis and wired the switch light to show
clear. I hit that switch, with the 382 making
65 m.p.h. Net result, one dead fireman, a tran-
sient killed, and I was broken up and badly
burned. The 382 turned over three times.

  After the engine had been shopped for a couple
of months I got her again. Once more she started
acting up. A switchman who’d been fired for
insubordination threw a switch in Memphis yards,
and the old gal fell over on her side for the
third time. As luck would have it, No. 4 was on
schedule and I was running through the yards

rather slowly. No one was hurt, but the crew
found grim humor in the fact that the engine
upset beside Memphis Coffin Works.

  Later the 382 left the track in Memphis yards.
We rerailed her. She was off again, and again—

3	times before we could get No. 4 into the station.
Track was in good shape; there was no apparent
reason for her contrariness. The impression got
around that she was a hoodoo. Then the old
gal left Memphis to go to Burnside shops, and
was derailed the fourth time, killing another fire-
man. Fortunately for Sim Webb, he was not that
fireman. The 382 did not return from Memphis,
and no one around here bemoaned her loss.

  I have been retired from the I.C. about 5 years,
having spent 45 years in rail service, 31 of them
on Nos. 1 and 4. I experienced thrills, wrecks
and train robberies. In one case a locomotive
was taken from me by bandits. An engineer’s
life is far from dull.—H. A. Norton, 310 Mc-
Lemore Ave., Memphis, Tenn.

C.N.li. Photo Courtesy of Mendel Greenblatt. 307 Lutz St., Moncton, N. B., Canada
Engine No. 66 on the Old Intercolonial, Canada’s First Government-Owned Railway

             AT present I’m in one of those
camps mentioned by Ed Pugsley in
“Free Rides for 2,000 Passengers”
(Dec., ’35), where we supposedly get
“ free bed and board with little if
anything to do. . . .” If Mr. Pugsley
could live in one of these “ slave camps ” for a
while he would soon discover why the boys went
on strike. There’s always trouble here. For
example, in the camp next to us the boys donated
25c each for a decent Christmas dinner, but the
cook made a mulligan out of the turkey. He
was run out of camp the next day.

  Pugsley’s “ Lace for Lena ” (Jan. ’36) was
swell. I presume he was telling about the Kettle
Valley from Vancouver to Medicine Hat. He
even mentioned train No. 11, the Kootenay Ex-
press. I rode the cushions on her from Coquitlam

to Kettle Valley. I also enjoyed his other story
“Hog’s Back” (Oct., ’34). It’s not fiction alto-
gether. The other day I met an old C.P.R.
bridge builder, Mike Anderson, who helped clean
up the mess at Roger’s Pass where the story
evidently took place.

  Last Sept. a friend and I took our first shot
at jumping freights. We rode C.N.R. train No.
403 from Nord Bay, Ont., to Kamloops, B. C.,
without changing trains. How is that for holding
down a drag?—W. H. M., Canada.

*	* *

 TELL the Engine Picture Kid that I have
named my model pike the “ Happy Valley Line.”
The Kid and E. S. Dellinger are my favorites. I
enjoy the Model Railroad dept, also and want to
see more car and coach building plans.—Wm.
Turnbull, Box 133, Kinsella, Alta., Canada.
ON THE SPOT

133

Railroading in Old New England

  THREE brothers, Frank E., Jesse, and Bert
Lyman, section foremen on 25 miles of Boston
& Maine track between Ossipee and Intervale,
N. H., have put in a total of 151 years of service
on the road without a black mark, without ever
having been disciplined or ever having an acci-
dent due to negligence on their sections.

  The 3 brothers have adjoining sections. Frank
and Bert live in adjoining houses at Madison,
N. H. Jesse began work at 16, Frank at 17
and Bert at 18. For 20 years Jesse has operated
a snowplow. Once it scooted off icy rails into
the woods, but Jesse stuck to his post until he
had the plow back where it belonged.

*	* *

  WARE RIVER branch of BJLA. was alleged to
have been tom up. (Page 154, Feb. issue.) This
branch is still in operation, but service on the
Athol branch has been discontinued on account
of a dam being buDt on Swift River.

  Annin’s letter on the same page and Curran’s
article in Dec. issue appear contradictory, though
both are correct. Mr. Curran did not say the
Central New England used Rogers locomotives
exclusively, but he inferred that they did not
buy them to the exclusion of others as many
Connecticut roads did. As Annin said, the Con-
necticut Western and its successor bought only
Rogers engines. The 4 Cookes came to the
H.&C.W. at the time it took over the Rhinebeck
& Conn. When the Central N.E. & Western
leased the H.&C.W. the Rogers locomotives and
the 4 Cookes were added to the 6 C.N.E.&W.
Baldwins purchased bv the Hudson Connecting
R.R.

  Between 1899 and 1904 the road, known after
the summer of 1899 as the Central N.E., pur-
chased 21 locomotives of various types all from
Baldwin. From 1904 to 1907, 25 locomotives
in 3 lots were purchased; 2 lots from Schenectady,
one lot from Rogers. The American Locomotive
Co. was then operating both plants.—Gso. Beck-
er, 95 Avon Hill St., Cambridge, Mass.

« * *

  I WAS gratified to see my comments cm Cur-
ran’s “ Humpbacked Hogs,” printed in Feb. issue,
despite a little error The C.N.E. was organized
in 1899, not 1907, and the last bunch of Rogers
engines was bought by that company.—T. B.
Annin, secretary, N. Y. Chapter, Ry. & Loco.
Historical Society, 13 May Terrace, Maplewood,

  BACK in 1906, when I was 10, I used to steal
my uncle’s copies of Railroad Man’s Magazine
to read. I still enjoy the mag., despite its change
in name.—J. G. Bouffard, 170 Bank St., Burling-
ton, Vt.

*	* *

  AMERICA’S first passenger subway was built
in Boston between March 28, 1895, and Sept. 1,
1897. Boston’s elevated railroads were built be-
tween 1890 and 1901. Most of that city’s rapid
transit system was built during this period.—Wm.
D. Swan, Jr., 16 Evans Rd., Needham, Mass.

THE B.&M. has discon-
tinued much of its Worcester,

Nashua and Portland Di-
vision. Rails have been taken
up between Hudson and
Fremont.

  On a recent motor trip in Vermont I noted
that the West River R.R. was a real “streak of
rust.” At S. Londonderry the H. H. Paine, of the
former Woodstock R.R., decorated with rust and
hitched to an antiquated coach, was headed south
—but she wasn’t going anywhere. She was dead.
—Tom Kellogg, 12 Vine St., Manchester, N. H.

*	* *

  ALBERT HASSE3T, Jr. (Feb. issue), inquired
about an old single-track railroad near Marlboro,
N. H. He probably refers to an abandoned in-
dustrial railroad to a stone quarry.—L. Green,
157 Chambers St., N. Y. City.

*	* *

 MY dad was a brakeman. I hung around a
roundhouse when a boy, hoping to become an
engineer some day; but have wound up as a
pianist. Traveled several hundred miles in a
bus in 1934. Finished in the condition of “The
Man Who Crossed the Continent in a Bus ” (Feb.
issue). Never again for me!—Frank Hamblen,
Hotel Lewis, Revere, Mass.

*	* *

 VERMONT wants to keep its railroads. A
special session of the Legislature last year cut
railroad taxes 40 per cent. This saved 2 Vermont
lines from bankruptcy, thus showing other states
the way to national recovery.

  As state director of The Railroad Enthusiasts,
Inc., I boost activities favorable to the iron pike.
Our local Rotary Club shows real interest in the
problem, holding “ Railroad Nights ” addressed
by rail executives. One result is that 4 of our
largest concerns now ship -exclusively by rail and
require all materials to be sent to them the same
way. The state’s attitude, as evidenced by such
things, has saved the jobs of 2,500 railroad em-
ployees in Vermont.—Warren Fanshaw, Morris-
vile, Vt.

*	•* *

  LYING in bed 300 feet from Central Vt track
at North Williston, Vt., Oscar Stapd heard an
unusually loud click after a train passed. He got
up and went to the track and found 7 feet of rail
missing. Grabbing a flashlight and a white cloth,
he ran down the track nearly a mile and flagged
The Montrealer, crack train he knew was due.

  The train was able to pass the break on a siding.
But for his act it would have been wrecked.
A correspondent of the Boston Post was mortified
to learn that the engineer did not stop to get
the hero’s name. It should be explained to the
worried one that a hogger’s place is in his cab.—
Fred Maxfield, 813 Beech St., Manchester, N. H.

*	* *

  I WANT to hear from readers of my age (14)
and from anyone who knows about a train so
designed that another one could go right over k.
—Robt. Baker, Brunswick, Me.
134

RAILROAD STORIES

Jobs for the Wrecking Master

Photos by R. A. Heath, Pontiac, III.
These Two Old Engines Were “ Butchered to Make a Roman Holiday M (See Next Page)

  DAD and I arrived at the scene of the wreck
at Granite, Colo., on Labor Day, 1926 (mentioned
in Dec. Spot dept.), almost immediately after it
happened. We helped pull the killed and injured
out of the wreckage. The dead numbered 32.
The cause was said to have been a traveling engi-
neer’s attempt to make up 45 minutes’ lost time
on a sharp grade.—Jack Haeflinger, 4365 Quit-
man St., Denver, Colo.

  LAST Dec. I saw a freight train scattered over
the landscape at Neches, Texas. Who will give
details of wreck?—O. K. Littlefield, Trinity,
Texas.

*	* *

 BACKING under a warehouse awning at
Crockett, Texas, an Mo.P. locomotive broke off
her whistle, allowing steam to escape until the
engine died. Another engine towed her to Pales-
ON THE SPOT

135

tine. This was an unusual accident.—W. D.
Sherman, Co. D, gth Infantry, Fort Sam Hous-
ton, Texas.

*	* *

  WHO can give details on wreck of a south-
bound passenger train on the D.&R.G.W. narrow-
gage line between Antonito, Colo., and Santa Fe,
N. M., in July, 1929? The wreck occurred on
a steep grade between Barranca and Embudo,
N. M. I believe 3 persons were killed.—Jesse
Finebarcer, Stong, N. M.	<

*	* *

  I SEEK information on 2 wrecks at Sussex,
Canada, in 1916 or 1917. In one a fireman named
Bannister was pinned underneath an engine for
a long time.—John Landry, 61 Erin St., St.
John, New Brunswick.

*	* *

  WHO can tell about the N.Y.C. wreck between
Elyria and Amherst, O., May 27 or 29, 1916?
I lived within a mile of the place and heard the
crash but could not go to the scene, being sick
abed. Five or six unknown dead from that wreck
are buried in Crown Hill Cemetery at Amherst.
—W. S. Garvin, Route 2, Box 26, Grayson, La.

                     *	* *

  AT 5.38 p.m., July 3, 1904,
a Wabash passenger train run-
ning 60 m.p.h. ran through
an open switch at Litchfield,

111., striking a string of box
cars loaded with ties. As
conductor of a Burlington
freight picking up cars, I was
standing by and saw the wreck. The train was
loaded with visitors to the World’s Fair at St.
Louis. Among the 27 killed were Engr. Sanford,
a friend, his fireman, and a dispatcher riding the
engine. There were 60 injured. My crew pulled
the rear 2 coaches back; the rest of the train
burned. The Wabash settled all claims out of
court for $500,000.

  At a recent O.R.C. banquet I concluded a brief
speech by saying that I rarely contacted old rail
friends these days but, instead, revived memories
by reading Railroad Stories.—E. S. Lowther
(attorney), 102W. Oklahoma Ave., Guthrie,
Okla.

                    + * *

  IN Sept., 1896, while Wm. Jennings Bryan was
campaigning against Wm. McKinley, the Repub-
lican presidential nominee, the Democrats staged
a locomotive collision to raise funds for tbeir

  free silver ” cause.

  Their first step was to get 2 old Brooks engines
—I think they came from the Denver & Rio
Grande—and paint on their tanks the names Bill
McKinley and Mark Hanna (his campaign man-
ager). Perhaps some reader can give the history
of those engines.

  A half-mile of track was laid in Denver so
that the center was lower than either end, thus
giving a down-grade for both antagonists. Then
a high canvas screen was erected around the
grounds, except at> the track openings. In the
middle of the enclosure an arena was built parallel
to the tracks. Price of admission was $1, as
I remember.

   Many test runs had been made by each engine,
 timed to the second, so as to meet in the center
 of the arena. At length all was set for the big
 thrill. A starter, stationed in the middle, waved
 a white flag. Both engineers whistled back their
 “ ready ” signals. Then the starter slowly raised
 a red flag. A breathless hush fell over thousands
 of spectators crowding the arena. The flag
 dropped; the big run was on! Because of the
 downgrade and no brakes, one engine had been
 kept in reverse. Her reverse lever stuck for a
 few seconds—long enough to spoil the schedule.

   At the last minute, dummy engineers and fire-
 men had been placed in the cabs. With throttle
 wide open, bells clanging and whistles screaming,
 one locomotive tore into the enclosure. Instantly
 the spectators realized that the collision would
 take place outside the arena. There was a mad
 scramble by those lining the track fences, but
 they could scarcely move because they were held
 in by the crowd in back of them. When the
 crash came, the air was filled with pieces of
 flying metal and glass. Almost miraculously, no
 one was injured. What might have been a tragedy
 turned out to be a bad scare.

   The engines struck with such force that they
 almost stood on ends and then settled back in
 a rebound that left them standing about 15 feet
 apart. From one boiler front a stream of hot
 water and steam shot into the air like a geyser.
 Flues and fireboxes of both engines must have
 been wrecked, as pressure was gone almost in-
 stantly.

   Souvenir hunters at once got busy and carried
 away parts that were not too heavy or too hot.

 I	tried to take photos, but it was too dark by
 the time the crowd dispersed, so I went back the
 next morning and got several good shots.—R. A.
 Heath, Studio of Photography, Pontiac, 111.

♦	*

   M. CROWELL, cadet pilot from Selfridge Field,
 Mich., was killed Dec. 13, 1935, when he drove
 his plane into a locomotive on the Grand Trunk
 Western at Flint, Mich.—Chas. Hill, 4835 Lake
 Park Ave., Chicago.

   (Editor’s note: A similar encounter was pic-
 tured in " Along the Iron Pike,” Sept. issue. In
 this case a plane made a wholly unprovoked at-
 tack on a Santa Fe stock car. Not expecting
 trouble, the stock car was unarmed. There was
 no lime to invoke sanctions. Still, the plane got
 what was coming to it.)
136

RAILROAD STORIES

The Reader’s Viewpoint

  IN saying the Bristolian
was the world's fastest sched-
uled train between 2 central
points, F. H. of Liverpool
erred. On the Madison Div.
of the C.&N.W. the 400 cov-
ers the 4.48 miles between Buffalo and Oxford
in 3 minutes, an average of 89.6 m.p.h.; 10 miles
between Brooks and Buffalo in 7 minutes, 85-7
m.p.h.; 8.84 miles between Highland Park and
Wilmette, eastbound, in 6 minutes, 88.4 m.p.h.;
15.66 miles Waukegan and Kenosha both east and
west, ix minutes, 85.36 m.p.h.; 15.9 miles Lake
Bluff and Wilmette, 11 minutes, 86.7 m.p.h.

  The C.&N.W. train is faster than the English
train and for longer distances.—Martin Dignan,
544 Holmes St., Youngstown, O.

*	* *

ANSWERING M r.

Dignan: That 4.48 miles
at 89.6 m.p.h. between
control points makes the
Bristolian’s 85.5 m.p.h.
look tame, doesn’t it?

However, England raised
a new stepper when the London & Northeastern
adjusted its Silver Jubilee schedule, giving 19
minutes to run the 26.96 miles between Hitchin
and Huntingdon, northbound, which works out
at 85.2 m.p.h.

  This doesn't look so dusty, seeing the 400 can’t
show 85 m.p.h. fort that distance. Maybe the
Detroit Arrow coulu; I’d like to know. Will
somebody check up on an employees’ timecard
and tell us?—F. H., Liverpool, England.

*	* *

  MY father is a bill clerk on the
“ Mop ” at Carthage, Mo. I am a
junior in high school, age 16. I have
been reading about fast runs in the
“ Spot ” dept.; now I’ll tell one. Re-
cently a “ Mop ” stock train, 45 cars, pulled by

2	passenger engines, Nos. 6413 and 6610, left
Pleasant Hill, Mo., and arrived in Carthage, 115
miles distant, in 135 minutes.—Walter Adams,
308 N. Orner St., Carthage, Mo.

*	* *

  ONE reader mentioned a Milwaukee train of
28 coaches pulled by 2 freight engines. At Effing-
ham, 111., I saw a Pennsy train of 25 coaches
hauled by one engine.—Archie Meador, R.R.3,
Decatur, 111.

*	* *

 RAILROAD STORIES would be 100 p.c. bet-
ter if you’d cut out trashy fiction and run only
a novelette by one of your better writers like
Dellinger. Devote the rest of the space to il-
lustrated features of real interest.—Stanley Wig-
cins, Crestmont Farms, Torresdale, Pa.

*	* *

  LET’S have some stories located on the Gulf
Coast where you can see for miles and firemen do
not have to bail coal into hard-steaming tea

kettles the whole trip. I like Dellinger and Earp,
though it seems they write about nothing but
wrecks. I like the Engine Picture Kid, too. He
gets along without too many cornfield meets. If
he will come to Houston, we’ll get him a job haul-
ing citrus fruit out of the lower Rio Grande
Valley.—>Joe Bradshaw, 1909 San Jacinto St.,
Houston, Texas.

*	* *

 “ LAREDO has everything San Antonio has
except the Alamo; but Laredo has Bozo Texino,
who has autograpfeed more box cars than Babe
Ruth has baseballs.” This is what Johnny Thomp-
son, creator of the Engine Picture Kid, told a
Laredo Times reporter. My trademark appears
on both sides of about 150,000 box cars moving
in U. S., Canada and Mexico. As the chalk I
use is waterproof, it will last until the cars are
repainted.—J. H. McKinley (“Bozo Texino”),
Box 564, Laredo, Texas.

*	* 5*=

  LAST August I was working on an extra gang
at Coteau Landing 37 miles west of Montreal.
In one week I counted no less than 17 box cars
with the monicker “ Bozo Texino ” on the sides.
Those box cars sure see the country, San Antonio
to Montreal! I’d like to hear from rails any-
where, especially those in Joplin or Neosho, Mo.
—W. H. Mallinson, Copper Creek, Princeton,

B.	C., Canada.

*	* *

  HOW is this for a 3-railroad
trip? En route to Scranton, Pa.,
we had a Reading 2-6-0 type to
Bethlehem, where we were
grabbed by a C.N.J. 4-6-0 and
dragged over what I believe was
the L.V. track.—Warren Stowman, 7444 Forest
Ave., E. Germantown, Phila., Pa.

*	* *

 GILBERT LATHROP, former D.&R.G.W. fire-
man of Gunnison, Colo., whose narrow-gage
stories are familiar to our readers, is the author
of a new fiction book for boys, “ Whispering
Rails,” 252 pages, Goldsmith Pub. Co., Chicago,
selling at the chain stores at 20c a copy. Con-
gratulations, Gil! We hope a lot of rails buy
this book for sons and grandsons.

  Lathrop says: “ Best story you ever printed
was Earp’s ‘ Souvenirs for the Super ’ (Feb.,
’35). Even the birds around here who never rode
a railroad train got a kick out of that one.”

*	* *

 RALPH A. SNYDER, boomer and fiction
writer now living at Brawley, Calif., slips us the
news of the recent death of Ed S. Harrison, 84,
last surviving witness of the driving of the golden
spike at Promontory Point, Utah. Ed was an

S.P. rail, retired 12 years ago. He shook hands
with President Lincoln and was a peanut butcher
with Thomas Edison. Incidentally, that famous
scene at Promontory Point was featured in a
Russian ballet entitled “ Union Pacific ” which
invaded America some time ago.

Lciiigh VMley
ON THE SPOT

137

Information Booth

The “ Florida Sunbeam.” This Identical Photo, Made by a Member of the I.E.P.C. but Slightly
Retouched, Adorns the Latest Southern Ry. Timetable. The “ Sunbeam ” Made Her Maiden
Trip Jan. 2, 1936. Her Engine Is Dark Green; Sides of Cylinders and Sides of Cab Display Metal
Paintings of Palm Trees. Mr. Acree Used to Be a Southern Ry. Train Dispatcher

           FRANK JARRELL, editor of the
         Santa Fe’s agricultural publication,
         The Earth, has been commissioned by
         President Bledsoe to write a history
         of his road. I hope he will include a
         history of Santa Fe engines.—Wm. Gibson, 512
         Taylor St., Topeka, Kan.

*	* *

 “ AUNT NORY ”—as the mixed train on the
Atlantic Northern Ry. was known—pulled out of
Atlantic for Kimballton, la., on her final run Jan.

6.	This last farmer-owned railroad in the Mid-
west, built at a cost of $300,000, starved to death
for lack of business, closing with no debts but
with equipment worth $20,000.—H. H. Fulton,
Lewis, la.	'

*	* *

  WHEN a railroad is abandoned that isn’t news,
but when a new line is started it is news. The
Atlantic & North Carolina R.R., between Beau-
fort and Goldsboro. N. C., was in receivership
for some years. The state leased the road but
later canceled the lease and released the road to
a group of citizens along the line, which now has
offices and shops at New Bern, N. C. Leased
locomotives include four 0-6-0 type, one 4-4-0
and three 4-6-0.—Richard Prince, Jr., 1141
Larchmont Cresc., Norfolk, Va.

*	* *

  WE want to hear from other chapters of the
American Ry. Employed Boys Club. The Altoona
dub is made up of apprentices and sons of Pennsy
employees between 18 and 25 years of age. Clin-
ton Forge, Pa., also has an A.R.E.B. group.—
Chas. Young (secretary, A.R.E.B. Club),
Y.M.C.A., Altoona, Pa.

*	* *

  RAIL fans, please write.—Daniel Df.vlin (age
18), 5892 Jeanne Mance St., Montreal, Canada.

 ANSWERING n query: Among the railroads
which still use coal stoves to heat trains is the
M.&St.L., for coaches on trains Nos. 1, 2, 3 and

4	out of Des Moines, pulled by gas-electrics. Same
applies to coaches on many Rock Is. mixed trains.
—P. Anderson, 1418 24th St., Des Moines, la.

*	* *

FEB. Spot dept, mentions 2 brothers on the

C.&O. who worked on the same engine. My wife
has 2 brothers, Wm. and Henry Hauss, who have
been on the same engine together a great deal.—
Lester Fruit, R.D. 4, Box 42, Menomonie, Wis.

*	* *

  “ ALONG THE IRON PIKE,” Dec. issue, car-
ried a picture of the unique weather vane on the
Santa Fe station at Arkansas City, Ark.—my
native town. I’ve seen that vane hundreds of
times.—Calvin Lewis, 104 E. Third St., Park
Rapids, Minn.

  (Editor’s note: Maybe someone will recognize
the unique weather vane in April’s “ Along the
Iron Pike.”)

*	* *

 WHO has copy of poem, “ The Galesburg
Hump”?—J. Wassil, 434 Buchanan St., Gary,
Ind.

*	* *

 THOS. H. GRAY, who died in Burlingame,
Calif., in Jan., 1035, aged 89, was credited with
originating the “ Stop, Look and Listen ” signs at
railroad crossings. He made the drawings for the
first such sign in this state while employed in the
S.P. shops at San Francisco in 1884.—James
Fraser, Redwood City, Calif.

  (Editor’s note: Col. Michael Shoemaker, mem-
ber Michigan State Senate, 1847-1852, introduced
a bill, twice passed by the Senate, twice defeated
in the House and subsequently adopted by Michi-
gan railroads, requiring similar signs at all cross-
ings.)
138

RAILROAD STORIES

                K. P. BAYNE (Feb. issue)
speaks of S.P. engine 1079 being
dressed up for a movie. This
picture was “ Whispering Smith
Speaks,” starring George
O’Brien, with good shots of
S. P. trains. I recommend it
to railroad fans. The picture
includes a station named Sleepy
Cat Creek, W. Va. Is there such a station?—W.
David Svvaney, 37 15th St., Wellsburg, W. Va.

  (Editor’s note: “Sleepy Cat" is not recog-
nized by the Official Guide, but Sleepy Creek is
a flag station on the main line of the B.&O. 4
miles west of Cherry Run, another flag station,
and 11 miles east of Sir John’s Run, also a flag
station on the same road.)

*	* *

  SOME spots in “ Whispering Smith Speaks ”
make railroaders squirm, but on the whole it is
qpe of the best railroad pictures I’ve seen. Lo-
cation is San Joaquin Div. of S.P. Scenery is
fine, but plot isn’t so hot.—Chas. Unruh, 1313
Perkins St., Lansing, Mich.

*	* *

  IN Feb. issue it was said S.P. engine 1079 had
“ Brooks R.R.” on her tank. This should have
been “Blake’s R.R.”—in “Whispering Smith
Speaks.”—El win Heath, Box 15, Barre, Vt.

*	* *

 A STORY in the old Railroad Man’s Maga-
zine told about a car that disappeared but was
eventually found in a coal pocket, the track to
-.yhich had been removed bodily, then replaced
after the car was in the pocket. I want to know
the title and author.—Carl Bishop, 1316 Poplar
St., Scheoectady, N. Y.

   ^ * * *

  WHY do your writers confine most of their
stories to train and engine crews? There are
thrills in other branches of service, even in office
work.

On page 91 of Jan. issue Pocahontas County,

W. Va., average altitude 3,000 feet, is alleged
to be the highest county in U. S. I am unable
to find any point in Colorado that is not higher
than 3,000 feet; many counties are much higher.
—L. J. Berry, Swink; Colo.

*	* *

  CURRAN’S article, “The Eight-Wheeler”
(Feb. issue) omits the fact that the first success-
ful 4-4-0’s were built by Eastwick & Harrison,
Phila. It was the Harrison equalizing beam,
patented by Jos. Harrison on April 24, 1838,
which gave the 4-4-0 the necessary flexibility to
operate on rough and crooked track.

  A picture of No. 1628 was shown with credit
as the first Pennsy engine with Belpaire boiler.
The road first used Belpaire boilers on Class H3,
a 2-8-0 type first built at Altoona in 1S85. Records
show that '..he first Class H3 was No. 400, and
that the first 4-4-0 with Belpaire boiler was No.
1321, Class Di2a, built at Altoona in Aug., "89.
Engine No. 1628 was a Class Di3a, completed at
Altoona on March 6, 1893.—Paul T. Warner
(former editor, Baldwin Locomotives), 6832
Wayne Ave., Germantown, Phila., Pa.

*	* *

  I WANT information on the old Tilton type
4-4-0 locomotives used on C.&N.W. in the ’8o’s.
I have a partly finished model of this type. I
began it when these engines were in service but
it has lain untouched more than 40 years.—Robt.
Wheeler, 1432 Wisconsin St., Racine, Wis.

(Editor’s note: Do you mean l'aunton type?)

*	* *

  HERE are some titles for that list of railroad
fiction suggested by Frank Donovan, Jr.: “Scien-
tific Sprague,” “ Taming of the Red Butte West-
ern,” and “The Wreckers,” by Francis Lynde;
“ The Nerve of Foley ” and “ Held for Orders,”
by Frank Spearman; “Running Special” and
“The Night Operator,” by Frank Packard; and
“ The Rainy Day Railroad War ” and “ Snow on
the Headlight,” by Cy Warman.—Geo. Beater,
6456 Germantown Ave., Phila., Pa.

A Corner for Juice Fans

 THE recent controversy be-
tween Burlington Road execu-
tives and enginemen has been
settled in favor of the em-
ployees; 2 men must be in the
cab of each Diesel engine, but
firemen are paid by the hour,
not on mileage basis.

  When Swiss Federal Railroads were electrified,
engine crews were cut to one man. Then came
the crash in Lucerne tunnel in which several
lives were lost, including the engineer Investiga-
tion indicated that the engineer was either dead
or unconscious. He was thrown down at a curve,
but when his hands left the throttle and brake,
safety devices stopped the train. Had the other
train been a few minutes late, a head-on collision
would have happened. Thereafter passengers made
sure that 2 men were in the cab before they
would board trains.—Ernest Stalder, 2216 Byron
St., Chicago.

  YOU devote too much space to
foreign roads and too little to
modern juice railroading. There is AId£)A
romance in building a network of
wires in the sky as on the Pennsy
electrification. Having worked on a
wire train, I venture to say that it is thrilling.
>—Harold Sheldon (railroad electrician), Fisher-
man’s Road, Baldwin Harbor, L. I., N. Y.

*	* *

  CAN anyone tell me about the electric interur-
ban line between Harvard, 111., and Walworth,
Wis., abandoned about 1929, or furnish pictures
thereof?—W. Howard, 1551 Pratt Blvd., Chicago.

*	* *

  IN Dec. “ Almanac,” the Wabash was credited
with hauling in 1906 the first train of street cars
on their own wheels. While I was night operator
at Stonington, 111., in 1903 I saw the Wabash
move a train of 25 street cars on their own wheels.
—J. F. Glass, 719 E. Southern Ave., Indianapolis.

Burlington,
! Route
ON THE SPOT	139

Photo bti C. *. McMonagle. “Morning Oregonian,” Portland. Ore.

 When a Wooden Trestle Collapsed on the Tillamook Branch of the S.P. near Cochran, Ore.,
 Aug. 6, 1935, Freight Locomotive No. 2833 and Two Cars Fell 110 Feet, Killing the Engins Crew,

Two Brakemen and a Bridge Carpenter
    Conducted by Charles G. Cunningham

Another Step in Building Our 4-6-0 Model

           HIS is the third of a series of
 articles on the construction of
 a 4-6-0 scale locomotive.
 Last month we told you how
 to machine the -driving wheels
 and axles. This month we’re taking up the
 construction of a simple surface gage and
 the quartering of the wheels on our model
 locomotive.

 A surface gage is very useful for scrib-
 ing lines around or along boilers, cabs and

c

II

>•

'v v

□

HI 0       
   6 * '3  
   % 2.    
   /*      
Diagram for the Leading or Pilot Truck

   tenders, and also for lining up the centers
   of driving wheels. This is how to make it:
   Take a rectangular piece of steel about
   1%" long, 1" wide and W to i" thick.
   Put tMs piece in the chuck of your lathe
   and lace accurately across on one side,
   reverse and face the other side. Your
   block (figure No. g in the accompanying
   drawing) should be the same thickness at
   all points when you have finished machin-
   ing.

     Now drill %” to 3/rS" hole about half-
   way through the block. This hole is for
   the tool post and should be approximately
   /4" away from one end of the block. The
   tool post (figure No. 3) may be a piece of
   drill rod 6" to 7" long and should fit very
   tightly in the hole you 'drilled in the block.

     Steel block No. 2, which holds your
   scratching tool, is next. This piece should
   be made from machine steel, which is an-
   other name for cold-rolled steel. Piece No.
   2 should be -Hi" thick, 1" long and Yz"
   wide. Drill hole No. 10 so that it is a
   sliding fit for your tool post. Drill hole
   No. 7 with a No. 36 drill and thread with
   a No. 6-3 2 tap, which you can buy in any
   ten-cent store.

      No. 4 hole is for your scratching tool,
   which you can make from a piece of 3/3 2"
   drill rod or an old icepick. Bend it to the
   shape shown on the one in the photo,
   harden and sharpen both ends. Now make
   your saw cut (No. 6) in block No. 2 and
   assemble your tool.

     Do not paint this tool; the one in the
photo was painted for photographic rea-
sons only. Later on we’ll tell you how to
140
MODEL RAILROADING

141

use it; but now we’ll go to the job of
quartering locomotive driving wheels.

  Press home one driver on each axle,
using your vise as a press and pieces of
hard wood or brass between the jaws and
the metal. Slip an axle through one of the
holes in the frame. Next place on the
phonograph gear mentioned two months
ago. Lightly press on the opposite driver
so that its center line is pointing toward
the front of the frame. The other driver
should have its center line pointing down-
ward; and thus the angles formed by the
center lines of one pair of drivers should
make an angle of 90 degrees.

  When all drivers are in place, put the
chassis on a piece of windshield glass.
Take your surface gage and check all the
drivers on one side to see that their center
lines are vertical; and then without touch-
ing the chassis, move the surface gage
around to the other side and check the
center lines on that side. They should all
form a horizontal line. If they all check,
press the drivers home.

  The function of a pilot truck on a model
locomotive is merely to carry the weight
of its parts and to line up switches and to
help keep the locomotive from leaving the
track on curves, but not to carry the weight
of the front end as is the case in a real
locomotive pilot truck.

  Making one is simple. You need two

pairs of wheels, one piece of strip brass, a
small amount of lead and some 6-32
screws. The side frames (No. 2 in the
pilot truck drawing) are made first. Cut
them to the size shown in the chart. Drill
the axle holes about two drill sizes bigger
than the axles to allow for a small amount
of play. We suggest you buy your wheels
rather than make them. When you receive
your wheels take one off each axle, slip on
a washer about 1/32" thick, put the axle
through the holes, place another washer on
the axle and drive home the other wheel.

On the Left Are Two Photo-
graphs of a Simple Surface
Gage, Showing the Commercial
Product (White Background)
and the Finished Gage De-
scribed in This Article (Black
Background). Below Is the
Diagram for the Gage
142

RAILROAD STORIES

In the exact center of the side frames drill
two holes (No. 6) with a No. 50 drill and
tap the holes with a No. 2-56 tap. A U-
shaped stretcher is made which will just fit
snugly without binding the side frames.
This is figure No. 1 in the drawing.

  Drill two No. 47 holes in the sides of
this stretcher and one hole on the top, and
tap them the same size as No. 6 in the side
frames. The diagonal lines in the drawing
show where the lead is placed. Assemble
the truck with No. 2-56 screws. Make
sure the lead does not bind the side frames.

  Next month we’ll continue the series with
instructions for making the cylinders, side
rods and crank pins of this model 4-6-0.

Chart for 4-6-0 Locomotive

Name of part O-gage OO-gage  HO-gage 
PILOT        %"xl%" 3/32"x   V1"x%"  
TRUCK        xl/16" 30x1/16“ xl/16"  
Side frame                           
No. 2                                
 Center to   l1,2*  24       %"      
 Center of                           
   axles                             
Thickness of 3/32'' 1/16" or 1 /I G" 
   axles            3/32"            
Diameter of  11/16" 11       11/32"  
   wheels                            
All holes in truck tapped for No. 2-56 screws

Working Model of a Baker Valve Gear No
Larger Than an Ordinary Postage Stamp; The
Above Photo Shows It more than Four times
Its Real Size. It Was Built by R. Eichorn,
93-21 244th St., Bellerose, L. I., N. Y.

Model Engineers and Clubs

  LOCAL headquarters of the International So-
ciety of Model Engineers has a Ms" scale trolley
line with real overhead wires and all the extras.
Switches line up automatically according to the
route selected. It even has a Mack gas-electric
car built from plans published in the Dec., ’35,
issue of Railroad Stories. All models are made
with wood sides and tops, and the ends from
sheet tin. The track is equipped with derailers
which work. Write to W. Hale, 206 Rockview
Terr., Rochester, N. Y.

* * *

  DURING 1935 Quaker City R.R. Society took
trips to New York, Washington, Easton, Beth-
lehem, Scranton and Wilkes-Barre. This year
they plan to go to Richmond, Cumberland, Har-
risburg, York, Reading and Middletown.—L.
Dixon, Jr., 5132 Locust St., Philadelphia, Pa.

*	* *

  SOUTH N. J. Model R.R. Club has a double-
tracked system 24 by 10 ft. Every member builds
one piece of rolling stock to be loaned to the
club, which in turn furnishes couplers and
trucks. Meetings every Monday at 100 Ardmore
Ave., Westmont, N. J. Write E. Pardee, 626
Park Ave., Collingswood, N. J., or phone Col-
lingswood 538-J.

* * *

BALTIMORE Society of Model Engineers
plans a trip over the narrow-gage East Broad
Top Ry. and Coal Co. Drop in any Friday night.
—H. Brooks, 1613 N. Chester St., Baltimore, Md.
* * *

  FROM March 23rd to the 28th Missouri Rail-
roads, a group of model systems of various
gages, will give an exhibit which will be the
main part of the third annual open house of the
Missouri Society of Technical Science, to be held
in St. Louis, Mo. They plan to show scale street
cars, Chicago “ El ” trains and a St. Louis city
car and trailer. Admission price is 10c.—F.
Kiesel, 3251 Hawthorne, St. Louis, Mo.

*	* *

 COULD you give us the name of a foundry
man in or around New York City who will make
castings from our patterns?—H. Walton, 167
Boiling Springs Ave., F. Rutherford, N. J.
(Editor's note: One of the best foundry men in
the East has a place at 11 Mary St., Newark,
N. J. He is very exacting about the patterns
and will not cast work if they are the least bit
off color in workmanship. His prices are average
for his high quality of craftsmanship.)

* * *

  MY layout consists of 120 feet of track includ-
ing sidings and yards. For motive power I have
a 2-8-4 Erie and a Pennsy 4-4-0 built to scale
over a Lionel motor.—V. Neal, 28% W. Fassett
St., Wellsville, N. Y.

* * *

  HAVE started a model railroad; finished a
Pennsy 40-ton box car, C. & N. W. flat car and a
Mich. Central gondola, all to scale. Plan to
start on a four-wheel caboose.—A. Wohlgemuth,
3311 W. 61st Place, Chicago.

*	* ♦

 F.	S. SPON, who ran The Modelmaker for
many years, has resigned and started his own
business. He announces a list of books and
magazines for modelmakers for 10 cents. Ad-
dress him at Bay Shore, N. Y.

*	* *

 BROOKLYN R.R. Club held its ninth party
last New Year’s Eve. As usual, the place was
decorated with railroad photos and paintings,
and all rules were suspended. N. Y. C. publicity
dept, loaned them the two-reel film Flight of the
Century, which proved such a success a repeat
performance was given the Tuesday following.
Visitors are welcome any Tuesday after 8 p.m.
or by special appointment.—H. Saler, 338 74th
St., Brooklyn, N. Y.

* -ft *

  ERIE Model Rys. Club has just been formed;
new members wanted. Write to G. Abt, 801 E.
26th St., Erie, Pa.
MODEL RAILROADING

143

Model Trading Post

  WANTED: Bicycle motor in good condition;
offer Lionel O-gage No. 262 steam type loco., No.
607 pass, cars, trans., and track.—W. Alexander
Jr., 1124 E. Price St., Germantown, Penna.

  I HAVE a Speedibike bicycle motor, good con-
dition, to trade for tinplate or model equipt.
Make offers.—C. Cole, Box 370, Somers, Mont.

  TRADE my Lionel electric trains set for what
have you?—A. Manthorne, 21 Waldo St., N.
Randolph, Mass.

  WANTED: Scale models and pictures of any
trains.—P. Adams, Box 74, Federalsburg, Md.

  OFFER my books, air rifle, deep-sea fishing
rod and reel for Vi" scale equipt.—A. Neusser,
31-30 94th St., Jackson Heights, N. Y.

  WILL trade back issues of “ Railroad Stories
for plans of Vi" rolling stock.—C. Lerner, c/o
Fleetwood Model R.R. Club, 1362 College Ave.,
N. Y. City.

 EXCHANGE O-gage equipt. for locos.—W.
Chisolm, 411 E. 84th St., N. Y. City.

 OFFER my Lionel O-gage 239-E bridge,
switches, warning signal, B trans., power sta-
tion and rheostat for cash or what have you .—

G.	Newman, 762 Melrose Ave., Bronx, N. Y.
City.

  WANT Lionel O-gage set; offer my Lindstrom
movie projector, six reels of 16 mm. film, 100 as-
sorted magazines, typewriter, etc.—M. Wilen-
chik. 60 Carroll St., Paterson, N. J.

  WHAT offers for my Lionel equipt. No. 152
loco., 800 box car, 802, oil car 804, caboose SOI,
etc.—J. Gilbert, 344 W. 121st St., Los Angeles,
Calif.

  BEST offer in steel or brass scale rail gets my
O-gage tinplate equipt., consisting of 24 pieces
of track, one pr. switches, No. 012 right auto-
matic switch. Offer expires April 1st, 1936.—K.
Benson, 1135 10th St., Sheldon, la.

  WHAT offers for my Lionel pass, coaches Isos.
607, 608, B trans.?—L. Mains, 263 S. 11th Ave.,
Mt. Vernon, N. Y.	...

 WANTED: O-gage switches and track, will
pay cash.—Severeno, 411 S. 11th Ave., Mt. Ver-
non, N. Y.	___,

 TRADE my boy’s books, magazines^ scale
electric derrick, projector, etc., for ’4 scale
track in any condition.—J. Chaffe Jr., 21 Brown
Ave., Rve, N. Y.	.	. •,

 OFFER many magazines including Railroad
Stories for model equipt. or what have you.—

D.	Kourtz. 3058 W. 1st St., Brooklyn. N. Y.

  WANTED: Pr. Vi" scale steam cylinders for

4-8-2 type loco.—H. Mead, North St., Greenwich,
Conn.	nftn

  BEST offer in strd.-gage equipt. gets my luuu
foreign stamps.—R. Adams, 496 Sanford Ave.,
Newark, N. J.	,

  WHO has Vi" live steam loco, to trade for
my No. 400-E Lionel loco., 7 cars. 40 Pieces of
track, K trans., console radio, etc.?—R. Ham-
mond, Oakdale, Penna.

  WANTED' No. 9-E or 381-E strd.-gage Lionel
loco.—H. Kumpa, 196 Chestnut St., Nutley, N. J.

  SWAP mv Va. " scale Pennsy box car sides, for
Lionel O-gage equipt.—A. Lederer, 28-08 35th
St.. Long Island City, N. Y.

  WANTED: O or strd.-gage street cars, any
jnakP— j. Hunter, 317 Eokman. South Bend, Ind.

  WHAT offers for my postcard projector, ping
pong set? Want Lionel strd.-gage equipt.—F.
Murphy, 535 E. Cimarron St., Colorado Springs,

C°EXCHANGE my plate camera and tripod for
best offer in engine pictures or O-gage equipt.—
E Rionx, 80 Farrington St., N. Quincy, Mass.

  OFFER my experimental electric signal con-
trol equipt, contains tubes, coils, radio parts,
switches, etc.—D. Shull, 500 Yuba St., Muskegon,
Mich.

  OFFER my No. 078 train control, crossing, 25
pieces of O-gage track, 2 yrs. back issues of
“ Railroad Stories ” for Lionel O-gage steam
loco—W. Russell, 404 N. Broom St., Wilmington,
Del.

  WANT tinplate equipt.; also Lionel, Ives and
A.F. catalogues issued before 1930.—D. Hennin-
ger, 246 Jefferson St., Tiffin, O.

 RAILROAD STORIES	ReehSEl

  280 Broadway, New York City

     Stories, features and departments 1 like best
  m the April issue are:

  Name..

                         \

Address..................................................................—

 $25 Cash for Front-Cover Title

    No strings attached. Send a title
  for the front cover of this issue to
  RAILROAD STORIES, 280 Broadway,
  New York City.

    A1I titles must be received at this
  office before 5 p.m., April 15, 1936.
  Everybody eligible except Frank A.
  Munsey Co. employees and their fam-
  ilies. Each contestant limited to one
  title. The person sending in the best
  title will be given $25 in cash. In event
  of tie, $25 will be awarded to each of
  the tying contestants.

    The winning title will be selected by
  the judges on the basis of cleverness
  and originality. Judges will be Free-
  man H. Hubbard, Editor of RAIL-
  ROAD STORIES; G. H. Burck, Asso-
  ciate Editor, and C. Howard Tate, Art
  Director, Munsey Publications.

  OFFER my Lionel strd.-gage loco. No. 385-E,
box car No. 514, 511, oil car No. 515, switches
No. 223, two trans., and much track for what
have you?—R. Weikum Jr., 152 Goodell St.,
Buffalo, N. Y.

  WANTED: Vi" scale model loco.; offer two
Vi” scale electric type locos.—G. Rougcan, Box
71, Bridgeboro, N. J.

  WHO has Vi" scale equipt to trade for my
Buddy L loco, 7 cars, wrecking crane.—A. Mc-
Arthur, Forrer Blvd., Dayton, O.

  HAVE many framed builder’s photos to ex-
change for model equipt. or ship models.—H.
Sheldon, Fisherman’s Rd., Baldwin Harbor,
Long Island, N. Y.

  WANTED: Lionel loco. No. 258, 260-E or
144

RAILROAD STORIES

                                         ■vx-vf:

, 50577

veNnuTa? mwimm\

■PnOTIR

        ICKa Day Easy Terms

            REMINGTON-UNDERWOO 0. ETC.,
            end eaey terms on limited

___ v. Allbrand new, op-to-datel

—4rowkeyboard. Fully Guaranteed.

BrandNew s*fjg

SEND NO MONEY-lO Day Trial ONLY §M fT 4 UP

Send for special new liters cnre and money-aavfng, easy pay plan with

                                     FR

                                                     Complete

                                         HOME

 Typtwritiax

 COURSE

v literatnre and money-saving, easy pay ph

1-------—i bargains in standatd size,

____offer. (LIBERAL ALLOWANC

ng this sale. 231 W. Monroe St.
International Typewriter Exch., Dept. 436, Chicago

-------special_______________

10 day trial offer. Also BIDaSiAK banccina III Bianunu suv> reu
office models on FREE trial offer. LIBERAL ALLOWANCE -
your okl typewriter during *

WORLD’S WONDERS

Living proof that truth is stranger than fiction Is in man's
latest scientific conquests. Read about them in Popular
Mechanics. Written so you can understand it. Every month
this 200-page magazine is crammed full of fascinating accounts
and colored pictures of daring adventures, astounding discov-
eries, new achievements in aviation, electricity, engineering,'
chemistry, physics, radio. Special departments for home
craftsmen and practical shop men—easy to follow plans.
Don’t miss this month’s issue—a thrilling and entertaining
record of the world’s newest wonders—25c at all newsstands.

POPULAR MECHANICS

These Two Freight Cars (14-inch Scale) Were Built for Less Than $5 Each by Ray Lissner,
6234 DeLongpre Ave., Hollywood, Calif. Sides, Tops, Ends and Bottoms Are of Thin Wood,
While Brake Beams Are Twisted Wire Clips. Ladders, Trucks and Brake Wheels Were

Purchased

261-E.—J. Young, 33-27 28th St., Astoria, Long
Island, N. Y.

  TRADE my O-gage outfit for 2A, 116 folding
camera.—G. Schwark, 7112 Lawn Ave., Cleve-
land, O.

  WANTED: A.F. Loco. No. 3316, 1200 series
cars, Lionel train set No. 296-E. Offer Railroad
Stories and cash.—G. Stetz, 2917 E. 117 St.,
Cleveland, O.

 WHAT offers for my twin-motored Lionel
loco. No. 408-E?—H. Brabec, 2105 S. 56th St.,
Cicero, 111.

  WANTED: Steam type strd.-gage Lionel loco
No. 7 or 9; cars Nos. 18, 39, 190; all must l>e in
good order.-—D. Swartz, Michigan State Sana-
torium, Howell, Mich.

  WANTED: Lionel cars Nos. 603, 607 and 610,
also used locos.—A. Gilcher, 34 Wildwood Ave.,
Mt. Vernon, N. Y.

 OFFER 10 books for boys. Want O-gage
track.—E. Hayes Jr., Chester, N. J.

  HAVE stamps, fiction magazines, B.S.A. out-
fit, football equipt. to trade for Lionel or A.F.
equipt.—E. Taylor, 1455 E. 14th St., Jackson-
ville, Fla.

  TRADE my 23 copies of science magazines,
old Western gun, and radio for strd.-gage
equipt.—R. Downey, 1044 Judson Ave., Evans-
ton, 111.

CANADA

  WANT A.F. Zephyr No. 832, Ives Observation
car No. 1695: offer Railroad Stories and other
magazines in exchange. W. Turnbull, Box 133,
Kinsella. Alta., Canada.

 HAVE 16mm. movie machine complete with
Mickey Mouse films to trade for O-gage steam
driven loco, any make. W. Talbot, R. 4, \Viarton,
Ont., Canada.

, 7B
I £AN T TAKE A
BOY WITH THAT
MANY PIMPLES!

HAIR SUCK, SUIT PRESSED, SHOES
, SHINED ~ EVERYTHING- O.K. ^
.BUT THE OLD .j>rfr
^PIMPLES

/

I/i

5

NEXT DAY

~UNLESS VOU GET RID OF

 BUT COMMIE:, ICANT BUY IT THOSE. PIMPLES, I BET'//

UNLESS I GET A TOB-AMO X
CANTGETAUOB
H^5S

WHY DOMT YOU EAT
FLEISCMMAMM'5 YEAST
J LIKE MY BROTHER DID?

VS

//& / c:onwie! TVEGOTATTDB/ 1 WAS
WJ PICKED BECAUSE! WAStLEAKl-CUT"'

NO PIMPLES THIS TIA\E. MOW WE
CAM GET THAT CAR..

 II

 y'-

\—c/ea£S irfzs&H

      by cleiirinfi skin irritants
      out of the l>loo<l

Copyright, 1936, Standard Brands Incorporated

Don’t let Adoleseent Pimples
make VOl' lose out

 PIMPLES are often a real drawback during
 the years following the start of adolescence—
 from about 13 to 25, or even longer.

   In these years, important glands develop and
 final growth takes place. This causes disturbances
 throughout the body. The skin becomes over-
 sensitive. Waste poisons in the blood irritate this
 sensitive skin—and pimples appear.

   Fleischmann’s fresh Yeast is often prescribed
 for the correction of these adolescent pimples. It
 clears the skin irritants out of
 your blood. Pimples go!

                 Eat Fleischmann’s Yeast 3
               times a day, before meals—plain,
               or in a little water—until your
               skin is clear and smooth once
               more. Start today.

 SAY, KMlGHT, DID
 VOUUG UACK
 SMITH SEE YOU
 ABOUT A

    MICE KID. BUT
I COULDNT WI5H
SUCH A PIMPLY FACE
AS ALL THAT ON THE

J
I captured If

WILD ELEPHANTS

s^s

 THAT SHOULD
 BE STRONG
 ENOUGH TO
 HOLD THEM

  THE ONE I WANT
  IS IN THAT HERD

I GO GET
BEATERS

WHEW! THAT WAS
A JOB - HERE'S
WHERE I SMOKE
A CAMEL

Camels

_____I _ NEVER GET

ON YOUR NERVES!

© 1936, R. J. Reynolds Tob. Co.

•JZm

  SMOKE? YOU BET-

  CAMELS/

   THEY ARE SO MILD
   THEY NEVER GET MY
   WIND OR UPSET MY
   NERVES-AND WHAT
   A SWELL TASTE!'

  "AT A SICNAL THE ELEPHANTS ARE
  STAMPEDED TOWARD THE TRAP'

 'THE ENRAGED HERD, MADDENED
 BY THE NOISE, THUNDERS BLINDLY
 INTO THE KRAAL-'

you'll like their mildness too!

TUNE IN!

CAMEL CARAVAN WITH WALTER O’KEEFE • DEANE
JANIS • TED HUSING • GLEN GRAY AND THE
CASA LOMA ORCHESTRA • Tuesday and Thursday — 9 p.m.
E.S.T., 8 p.m. C. S. T., 9:30 p. m. M. S. T., and 8:30 p. m. P. S. T.1—over WABC-Columbia Network.

accof.

/

•	Camels are made from finer, MORE

EXPENSIVE TOBACCOS-Turkish and

Domestic — than any other popular brand.

(Signed) R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company
Winston-Salem, N. C.

 "Camels have such
 a mild flavor. And,
 no matter how many
 I smoke, Camels
 never throw my
 nerves out of tune.”

"Camels are so mild
they never jangle my
nerves or cut my
wind. And Camels
just can’t be beaten for
smooth, rich flavor!”

                 ALLAN M. CRAIG, Jr.

                          Salesman

                                           MRS. R. W. SAYLES
                                           Housewife