ARGOSY
WEEKLY
                                                                                                            
               Robert Orr
                 Chipperfields
Rridht light
“TO THE QUEEN’S TASTE’
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION
 Gan you do this
  with your Shaving Cream Cap
o---
or do you do this ?
YOU know how loose caps will slip
through your fingers just when min-
utes are most precious. You can't lose
the Williams' cap. It's always on—
hinged on. And the tube hangs on.
Time-saver though the hinged cap is
—it is a detail for speed compared with
the lather Williams’ Shaving Cream
bulks instantly into rich, busy lather—
not suds. This lather so softens and
lubricates your skin that the razor
 seems to “ glide ” the hairs off. And be-
 sides being a faster beard-softener, it
 has a decidedly beneficial effect on the
 skin.
  Williams' is white and absolutely
pure. It contains no coloring matter
whatsoever. Truly, you will find it the
perfect cream in the perfect container.
                        The J. B. Williams Company, Glastonbury, Conn
                        Made in Canada at Montreal, by The J. B Williams Co . Lid.
For men who prefer the
stick, Williams Doublecap
(absolutely neu)) and
Williams' Holder Top
Stick (the original holder
stick) the genuine
Williams in the most con-
venient stick forms. Then
are Re-loads for both.
Williams'
 Shaviqg Cream
In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY
WEEKLY
Vol.. CLVI	CONTENTS FOR DECEMBER 8, 1923	Nli.MBl-R 3
The entire contents of this magazine are protected by copyright, and must not be reprinted without the publishers' permission.
FIVE CONTINUED STORIES                                                                                                                     
                       Bright Lights........                                        . Robert Orr Chipperfield . . 321                      
A Six-Part Story --- Pari One                                                                                                              
                       The Black Jarl.......                                            . Johnston McCulley . . . 366 I                    
A Three-Part Story --- Part Two                                                                                                            
                   Another Woman’s Life.....                                                                      393                      
A Five-Part Story---Part Three                                                                                                             
                        Annihilation........                                                Isabel Ostrander .... 422 |                    
A Seven-Part Story --- Part Four                                                                                                           
               The Stranger at the Gate ....                                                      Max Brand...... 446 J                    
A Six-Part Story ---Pari Six                                                                                                               
                               NOVELETTE AND SHORT STORIES                                                                                 
                 A Fortune Hunting Fool ....                                           . Collins D. Bradley . . . 340                      
                   Capital and Surplus......                                                . Newton Fuessle .... 382                      
                 The Seventh Son-in-Law ....                                          . Leslie Gordon Barnard . . 411 j                    
                   Socker Dooley: Demon ....                                          . Charles Francis Coe . . . 439 ;;                   
             Josh Stebbins : Prospector ....                                                                      464 i                    
                          On Broadway.......                                                 . Maxwell Smith .... 471                      
POETRY                                                                                                                                     
There's Nothing Worth While in the World But                                                                      392 I                    
         You . . ... Mary Carolyn Davies 365 G'wan !.......George A. Wright                                       421                      
      Salvation .... Glenn Ward Dresbach 381 The Song of the City . . A. Eastman Elwin                            463 1                    
THE RETURN OF HOP ALONG CASSIDY                                                                                                            
                                                   \ i/HLNLVLR one refers to Western literature of the highest order the character of j.   
                                  W HOPALONG CASSIDY, created by CLARENCE. E. MULFORD, leaps into the                                      
foreground. There is no greater figure west of the Mississippi than this same HOP                                                          
ALONG CASSIDY, who reappears in a ten story series which                                                                                   
BEGINS NEXT WEEK-DECEMBER 15th-IN THIS MAGAZINE                                                                                            
                    THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY. 280 BROADWAY. NEW YORK, and TEMPLE HOUSE. TEMPLE AVENUE, E. C.,  LONDON                   
Frank A. Mussry, President Richard H. Tithrrinotox, Secretary CimisTorHKn 11. Pore. Treasurer                                              
 Single copies. XO cents. By the year. $4.00 In United States. Its dependencies. Mexico and Cuba; S6.00 to Canada, and S7.00 to Foreign    
Countries. Remittances should be made by check, express money order or postal money order. Currency should not be sent unless registered   
| PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE FRANK              K. MUNSEY COMPANY. COPYRIGHT. 1923                                                            
[ Entered on second class matter July 15. 1920. At the Post-Office at New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879                             
COPYItroilTKD IN' OltKAT BRITAIN
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION
Drafting Course FREE
 There is such an urgent demand for practical, trained Draftsmen that I
 am making this special offer in order to enable deserving, ambitious and
 bright men to get into this line of work. I will teach you to become a
 Draftsman and Designer until you are Drawing a salary of $250.00 a
 month. You need not pay me for my personal instruction or for the com-
 plete set of instruments. But you must take advantage of this special offer at once.
$300 a Month Salary—
$450 on the Side at Home!
 That’s the kind of money my drafting students make.
 Read what this one says:
 “As a beginner 1 am doing fine. Am earning a salary
 of $300 per month, besides I made over $450 at home the
 last two months, drawing plans for private parties. The
 practical drafting training you gave me by mail put me
 where 1 am in less than six month’s study. Thank you for
 all your personal interest and help you gave me so far.
                                 (Signed) J. B.
                                    (Name and address upon request)
Chief Draftsman Dobe
I Guarantee
To Train You Until You Are
Placed in a Position Paying
up to $250 and $300 a Month
Write and I’ll tell you how I make you a first-
class, big-money-earning draftsman in a very
few months! I do this by a method no other
man nor institution can imitate. I give you
personal training at home by mail until you
are actually placed in a position paying up to
$250 and $300 a month. Sue thousand drafts-
men are wanted every month.
Free Book
Send Coupon Today 9^
No matter what plans you have for the future. Get
this great book—"Successful Draftsmanship." Find
out about the simply marvelous opportunities ahezi
now. How the world needs draftsmen, engineers,
architects and builders. What great salaries and pos-
sibilities there are! Send coupon for free book today.
Chief Draftsman, Engineers Equipment Co.
1951 Lawrence Are. Div. 14-59 Chicago, III.
 This Outfit FREE
And more— I give yon a whole set of drafting tools the minute yon
become my student. You get every tool you need. A magnificent
“t of instruments which will build your success in draftsmanship.
Chief Draftsman, Engineers Equipment Co.
1951 Lawrence Are. Div. 14-59 Chicago. 111.
    Without any obligation whatsoever, please mail your book.
    Successful Draftsmanship", and full particulars of your
    liberal "Personal Instruction” offer to few students.
Name..........................Agt
    Address .
 Pest Office.....................State.
In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this mapmine.
Classified Advertising*
The Purpose of this Department r] .c , . , ..
                     ..........f l/ippin/i/i /l Wilitvriomn
is to pul (lie reader in touch imme-
diately with the newest needfuls (or
the home, office, farm, or person:
to offer, or seek, an unusual busi-
ness opportunity, or to suggest a
service that may be performed satis-
factorily through correspondence.
It will pay a housewife or business
man equally well to read these
advertisements carefully.
Classified Advertising
Rates in the Munsey Magazines:
                    Line Rate
Munsey*s Magazine - $1.60
A rjjosy All story
Weekly . . .
Combination
$4.00
 leu 2* cub
discount
Minimum space four lines.
Jan 12th Af(osi-Allstor) Forms Close Dec 15th
AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED
  Agents—You can earn $30 casli extra every week during your
sparo timo and set your own clothes FItKE BESIDES, taking
tailoring orders. We are the only house that pays you DOUBLE.
No experience necessary. Heal cloth samples will be sent free.
Write today before you forget. Est, lSilli. A. E. STERN, Sales
Mgr.. 101 XV. llarrison St.. Department Z-S32, Chicago.
  Agents—Send for sworn proof ot S5 to $15 daily, introducing
New Style Guaranteed Hosiery. 57 styles. 17 colors. No capital
or experience required, .lust write orders, wo deliver and collect.
Your Pay daily, also monthly bonus. Free auto otter besides.
Complete outllt furnished. All colors, grades, including silks.
MAC-O-CHEH MILLS CO.. Desk 27022. Cincinnati. O.
 AGENTS—MAKE A DOLLAR AN HOUR. Sell Mendets, a
patent patch for instantly mending leaks in all utensils. Sample
package free. Collette Manufacturing Company, Dept. SOfl-B.
Amsterdam. N. Y.
 WE START YOU WITHOUT A DOLLAR. Soaps. Extracts.
Perfumes. Toilet Goods. Experience unnecessary. CARNATION
CO.. Dept. 200. St. I.ouis, Mo.
 PORTRAIT. MEDALLION AND PHOTO JEWELRY AGENTS
—our goods will mike you big profits; delivery guaranteed:
prompt shipments: low prices: send for latest catalog. Adain
3. Kroll * Co.. BOO Blue Island Ave.. Chicago.
  MAKE S17 DAILY—Finest Extracts. Food Products. Toilet
Preparations, Household Necessities. Credit: Sample case Free.
Write for amazing offer. PERKINS PRODUCTS. B-23.
Hastings. Nebr.
 AGENTS—OCR SOAP AND TOILET ARTICLE PLAN IS A
WONDER GET OCR FREE SAMPLE CASE OFFER.
HO • 110 - CO, IIS I*OC CST, ST. IX) Cl S. MO.
  WE START YOU In business, furnishing everything. Men and
women. $30.00 to $100.00 weekly operating our "New System
SiH-cialty Candy Factories’* anywhere. Opportunity lifetime:
booklet free. W. Hlilyer Ragsdale. Drawer 93. East Orange. N. J.
AUTHORS—MANUSCRIPTS
 FREE TO WRITERS—a wonderful little book of money
making hints, suggestions, ideas: Hie A It C of successful Story
and Movie-Play writing. Absolutely free. Send tor your copy
now! Just address Authors* Press. Dept. 19. Auburn. N. Y.
 STORIES. POEMS. PLAYS. ETC.. ARE WANTED for
publication. Good id'*as bring big money. Submit Mss., or
write LITERARY BUREAU. 110. Hannibal. Mo.
MOTION PICTURE PLAYS
 PHOTOPLAYS WANTED BY 48 Companies: $10 to $500
Each paid for suitable ideas. No exj*erlence needed: <l«*tai!s
sent fr-e fo beginners. Sell your ideas. PRODUCERS LEAGUE.
388 Wainwright. St. Louis. Mo.
MICHIGAN FARM LANDS FORSALE
 LAND OPPORTUNITY! 20. 40. SO ac. tracts: only $10
to $50 down: bal long time. Near hustling city in lower
Mich. Investigate. Write today for free illustrated booklet.
SWICART LAND CO.. Y• 121.", First Nat'l Bank Hldg.. Chicago.
EDUCATIONAL
  YOU read these little advertisements. Perhaps you obtain
roiuh them rhings you want: things you might never have
known about If you had not looked here. Did it ever strike
you other people would read your message—that they would
buy what you have to sell; whether it is a bicycle you
no longer need, a patented novelty you desire to push, or
maybe your own services? Our Classified Service Bureau will
gladlv show you how to use this s-ciimi most profitably
ai d at the least cost. Write to-day to the Classified Manager.
The Argosj Combination. 280 Broadway. New York
AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED
 CASH IN ON THIS QUICK SELLER. Wingo cleared $1,080
with Never Fail Razor Stanpener in six weeks; Purdy. $40.50
first day. Applewhite, also inexperienced, six orders in thirty
minutes. No end to ready buyers. Exclusive territory for
quick workers. Be llrst. Address NEVER FAIL COMPANY.
 $50,000 PICTURE MAN FRIEDMAN MADE TAKING
ORDERS. Beginners can make $100.00 weekly with my can-
vassing spiel, experienced men make more. Free circular
■■Profits in Portraits" explains. Samples free. PICTURE MAN
FRIEDMAN, Dept. A, 073 Madison. Chicago.
 HERE S A BUSINESS—Requires only table room. We
start and help build business. Work for us painting Land-
scape photo print pictures. No experience. outfit furnished. Free
literature. TANGLEY COMPANY. 103 Main. Muscatine, Iowa.
 GET OUR FREE SAMPLE CASE—Toilet articles, perfume,
and specialties. Wonderfully profitable. LA DERMA CO..
Dept. D. St. Louis. Mo.
 LARGE CORPORATION WANTS a Service Man in every
town lo paste up its signs on sto re-keepers windows. Excellent
opportunity for reliable party. Steady work. No experience
necessary. We also have attractive proposition for agents and
salesmen. GUARANTEE SIGN SERVICE. Btifl W. Superior
St.. Chicago.
  AGENTS. Make $10 to $20 daily, selling small kitchen
necessity. Over 200% profit. Sells rapidly everywhere to
nine out of ten women. New plan make sales easy. PREMIER
MFG. COMPANY. Dept. Ml. Detroit. Mich.
  WONDERFUL INVENTION—Eliminates all needles for phon-
ographs. Saves time and annoyance. Preserves records. Last9
for years. 12.000.000 prospects. $15.00 daily. Free sample to
workers EVERPLAY. Desk 1212. McClurg Bldg.. Chicago.
HIGH GRADE SALESMEN WANTED
rn \T * BUY DIRECT. BANK THE REST, m A T t
V o.iLi. Everywhere big saving, earn $15 to ' 1J •
$25 a day. experience unnecessary, carload quantities.
International Fuel Co.. 29 Broadway. New York City.
PATENT ATTORNEYS
  PATENTS. Write for FREE Guide Books. List of Patent
Buyers and Record of Invention Blank. Send model or
Sketch and description for our free opinion of Its patentable
nature. Reasonable terms. VICTOR J. EVANS & CO..
702 Ninth. Washington. I). C.
  PATENTS. If you have an invention write for our Guide
Book. "How To Get A Patent." Send model or sketch and
description, and we will give our opinion as to its patentable
nature. Randolph & Co.. 030 F. Washington. D. C.
 PATENTS. BOOKLET FREE. HIGHEST REFERENCES.
REST RESULTS. PROMPTNESS ASSURED. SEND DRAW-
ING OR MODEL FOR EXAMINATION AND OPINION AS
TO PATENTABILITY. WATSON E. COLEMAN, 0)4 G ST..
WASHINGTON. 1). C.
SONG POEMS WANTED
 POEMS WANTED—Sell your song-verses for cash. Submit
Mss. at once or write NEW ERA MUSIC COMPANY. 122.
St. I.ouis. Mo.
TRADE SCHOOLS
EARN SI0 TO $15 PER DAY. Learn Sign and Pictorial
Painting, Showcard Writing. Auto Painting. Decorating. Paper-
hanging, Graining and Marbling. Catalogue Free. Chicago
Painting School, 152 West Austin Ave., Chicago, III.
Classified Advertising continued on paga 6.
In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION
Electricity Needs You
I WILL TRAIN YOU AT HOME
 Stop right here. This is YOUR opportunity! Electricity is calling you, and the Electrical
 Business is in for a tremendous increase. But it needs more trained men—at big pay. By
 my Home Study Course in Practical Electricity I can train you for these positions.
FREE!
BIG
ELECTRICAL
OUTFIT
A fine outfit of Electrical
Tools, Instruments. Materi-
als, etc., absolutely FREE to
every student. I will also send
you FREE and fully prepaid
—Proof Lesso-is to show you
how easily you can learn
Electricity and enter this
splendid profession by my
new, revised and original sys-
tem of Training by Mail.
RADIO
COURSE
FREE
Special newly-written wire-
less course worth $45.00 given
away free. Full particulars
when you mail coupon.
Earn Money
While Learning
I give you something you can
use now. Early in my Home
Study Course I show you
how to begin making money
in Electricity, and help you
get started. No need to wait
until the whole course is com-
pleted. Hundreds of students
have made several times the
cost of their course in spare
time work while learning.
 Earn $70 to $200 a Week
You’ve always had a liking for Electricity and a hankering to do electrical jobs.
Now is the time to develop that talent; there’s big money in it. Even if you
don’t know anything at all about Electricity you can quickly grasp it by my
up-to-date, practical method of teaching. You will find it intensely interest-
ing and highly profitable. I’ve trained and started hundreds of men in the
Electrical Business, men who have made big successes. YOU CAN ALSO
Be a Big Paid
 ELECTRICAL EXPERT
What are you doing to prepare yourself for a real success? At the rate you are
going where will you be in ten years from now? Have you the specialized train-
ing that will put yo on the road to success? Have you ambition enough to
prepare for success, and get it?
You have the ambition and I will give you the training, so get busy. I am
offering you success and all that goes with it. Will you take it? I’ll make
you an ELECTRICAL EXPERT. I will train you as you should be trained.
I will give you the benefit of my advice and 20 years of engineering experience
and help you in every way to the biggest, possible success.
Valuable Book Free
"How°tok /^CHIcoOKEINEER
Become an Electrical Expert," has started many a / r. . . _ ■____-__
.	, r ’ .	1 • Chicago tn gineering
man on the way to fortune. I will send a copy, f	Works
free and prepaid, to every person answering > Dept. 5179. 2150 LawrenceAv.
this advertisement.	* CHICAGO. ILL.
Act Now ! G°°d intenti0n? never / Dear Sir, You may send me
get you anywhere w entirely free and < fully prepaid, a
It is action, alone, that counts. NOW IS / c°Py o£ >'°ur book. " How to Become
TI-IT? T'TMT7 'Tn \rr	* an Electrical Expert, ’and particulars
inn AIJYLE, 1U AL 1.	f aboul yQur H<)me Study Courae in
L. L. COOKE, Chief Engineer	/ Electricity and the Free Radio Course.,
/
/
/ Name.
/
j Address...
Chicago, U. S, A. /„
Occupation....
CHICAGO
ENGINEERING
WORKS
2150 LAWRENCE AVENUE
Dept. 5179,
.Age.
In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION
i mi
He Earns
 $ZOO a Week
Seems like a lot of money to the man in the routine
job—5200 a week—but not to the traitirrt salesman.
Today, any number of men—and they're not un-
usual. either—are earning salary and commissions
better than $10,000 a year. They travel Irom one big
city to another—live comfortably at the best hotels
— mix daily with successful business men — and
they are continually growing in a business way.
Perhaps you have thought that selling required
some special gift. But it isn't true!
The successful salesman succeeds because ho
knows his lin.—and because he is mailer of the
principles and methods of scientific salesmanship.
And you, too—if you have average intelligence—
can acquire that understanding and you can go out
and increase your earnings in a wav that will actu-
ally amaze you
 FREE—Send for the book
 “Modern Salesmanship
   LaSalle training in Salesmanship is by the homc-
study method and is based on the successful experi-
ence of more thana thousand outstanding salesmen.
An important part of the training consists in the
solving of actual sales problems furnished by many
of the leading sales organizations in the country.
These companies have generously turned over to
Laballe their most effective sales methods—have
reveal. d in detail the scientific selling processes re-
sponsible for their success.
  Commenting on the LaSalle course in Modern
             C. J. Jones, of Canada, writes:
    1 he first two texts have friven me so much that I am
firmly convinced that if I never learned anything more
from the course. I would have a full return for the entire
investment, and I will tell you frankly that I would not
take 526.000 for my contract if another could not be had."
   If you are in a routine job with limited possibili-
ties and have a real desire to become a salesman—
or if you are now actually in the selling field and
anxious to build your earning capacity to the high-
est possible point—you will tind it greatly to your
advantage to send for “ Modern Salesmanship.”
The coupon will bring it to you promptly and with-
out obligation. Put it in the mail TODAY.
LASALLE EXTENsFon” UNIVERSITY
The Largest Business Training Institution in the World
Dept. 1232-SR	Chicago. Illinois
uentlemen: Send without obligation to me information
regarding course indicated below:
□ Modem Salesmanship
 LaSalle is the largest business training institution in the
 world. It offers training for every important business need.
 If more interested in any of these courscs. check here:
□	Business Management QModern Business Corre-
□	Higher Accountancy spondencc and Practice
□	TrafficManagement— QModern Foremanship
  Foreign and Domestic and Production Mcthod9
□	Railway Station Man-DPersonnel and Employ-
   agement	ment Management
□	Law, Degree of LL.B. DExpert Bookkeeping
PCommercial Law	OBusiness English
□	Industrial Management □Commercial Spanish
   Efficiency	□Effective Speaking
□	Banking and Finance DC. P. A. Coaching
Name..
 Present Position .
 Address..........
Classified Advertising continued from page 4.
HELP WANTED
MEN—AGE 17 TO 45. EXPERIENCE UNNECESSARY.
Travel; make secret investigations. reports. Salaries: expenses.
American Foreign Detective Agency, 320. St. Louis. Mo.
ESTABLISH YOURSELF—AT HOME—AS A Photographic
Expert. Make $75 a week while learning. Write at once for
TEMPORARY oirer. INTERNATIONAL STUDIOS. Dvpt. 2307,
SttUl Michigan Ale.. Chicago.
RAILWAY MAIL CLERKS. STENOGRAPHE RS. CLEltl<s7
TYPISTS, wanted by Government. Examinations weekly. Pre-
pare at home. Write for free list and plan 301. payment alter
securing position. C. J. O.. 1710 Market St.. Philadelphia.
MEN—BOYS. Railway Mall Clerks. ?13J—$102 month.
List positions free. Write today. FRANKLIN INSTITUTE.
Dept. E-l. Rochester. N. Y.
BE A DETECTIVE—Earn Big Money. Great demand every-
where. Travel. Fascinating work. Make secret investigations.
Experience unnecessary. Write. GEOIIGE A. WAGNER, former
Government Detective. 1008 Broadway. N. Y._
HELP WANTED—MALE
RAILWAY POSTAL CLERKS: Start $133 month. Railroad
Pass. Hotel expenses paid. Common education sufficient.
Promotions. Life positions. Test examination questions free.
•	-ill.I Mill S INSTITUTE. A-ii. Columbus. Ohio.___
EARN $110 TO $250 MONTHLY, expenses paid as Railway
Traffic Inspector. Position guaranteed after completion of 3
months' home study course or money refunded. Excellent op-
portunities. Write for F.-eo Booklet CM-30. Stand. Busines*
Training Inst., Buffalo. N. Y._
FIREMEN. BRAKEMEN. BAGGAGEMEN. SLEEPING CAR.
TRAIN PORTERS (colored). Sl-lu—$200. Experience un-
necessary. S3B RAILWAY BUREAU. E. St. Louis. 111.
HELP WANTED—FEMALE
 $35 WEEK WOMEN—GIRLS WANTED. Learn Gown
Making ai home. Sample lessons free. FRANKLIN INSTITUTE.
Dept. E-522. Rochester. N. Y.
  EARN MONEY AT HOME during Bpare time painting iami
 shades, pillow tops for us. No canvassing. Easy and In-
 teresting work. Experience unnecessary. NII.KART COMPANY-.
 2235. Ft. Wa.vne. Indiana.
HELP WANTED GENERAL
 EARN UP TO $400 MONTHLY. LIVING EXPENSES
PAID. WE PLACE .MEN AND WOMEN: TRAINED IN
SPARE TIME AT HOME FOR HOTEL EXECUTIVE
POSITIONS. EASY TERMS. FREE BOOKLET. STAND.
lil'SI NESS TRAINING INSTITUTE. 200 CARLTON COURT.
BUFFALO. N. Y.
Argosy - Allstory
Weekly
        ‘Publishes more serials,
        more novelettes, more
        and better short stories
        than any other weekly
        magazine in jlmerica.
 When you start a serial in the
 Argosy-AIlstory you only wait a
 week to go on with it. Start one
 this week, and you’ll buy every
 number until it’s concluded. Ten
 cents a copy—all news-stands.
In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that gnu mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION
 “Blake is the Man!”
  “I told Hartley he was a ‘comer’—and this
confirms my judgment! Listen to this letter:—
  Dear Sir:
    You will no doubt be glad to know that James
  H. Blake, one of your employees of whose ex-
  cellent work as a student we have been advising
  you each month, has completed his course and
  has been granted a diploma.
International Correspondence Schools
  “That settles the manager question. The
man who cares enough about his future to in-
vest some of his spare time in training is the kind
we want in this firm’s responsible positions.
  “That $5,000 salary will mean a lot to Blake
and his family. But he'll earn it—and make
good use of it. I'll send for him now! It’s a
pleasure to promote a man who deserves it.”
small your means, or how limited your
previous education. Yes, you can!
  One hour a day spent with the I. C. S. in
your own home will bring you bigger money,
more comforts, more pleasures, all that success
means. Don’t let another single priceless hour
of spare-time go to waste! Without cost or
obligation of any kind, let us prove that we
can help you. Just mark and mail this coupon.
Do it right now!
INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS
Box 2224-C, Seranton, Pcnna.
Without cost or obligation, please tell mo how I can qualify for
the position or in the subject lc/»rc which I have marked an X:
BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES
IN offices, shops, stores, mines, mills and on
railroads, I. C. S. trained men are stepping
up to bigger jobs, right over the heads of those
whose only qualification is long service.
  There is a job ahead of you that some man is
going to be picked for. And your boss can’t
take chances. He is going to choose a trained
man. Why don't you put yourself in line for
that promotion?
  You can do it without losing a minute from
work and with plenty of time left for recreation.
You can do it no matter where you live, how
 ]Business Management
 1 Industrial Management
 j Personnel Organization
 j Traffic Management
 ] Business Law
 JBanking and Banking Law
 D Accountancy < including C.P. A.)
 JCost Accounting
 J Bookkeeping
 J Private Secretary
 JSpamsh	□ French
     TECHNICAL AND
 ] Electrical Engineering
 ] Electric Lighting
 1 Mechanical Engineer
 j Mechanical Draftsman
 3 Machine Shop Practice
 J Railroad Positions
 UC.as Engine Operating
 3 Civil Engineer
 J Surveying and Mapping
 J Metallurgy
 J Steam Engineering
 JRadio
   Salesmanship
   Advertising
   Better Letters
   Show Card Lettering
   Stenography and Typing
   Business English
   Civil Service
   Railway Mail Clerk
   Common School Subjects
   High School Subjects
   Illustrating □ Cartooning
   INDUSTRIAL COURSES
   Architect
   Blue Print Reading
   Contractor and Builder
   Architectural Draftsman
   Concrete Builder
   Structural Engineer
   Chemistry □ Pharmacy
   Automobile Work
   Airplane Engines
   Navigation
Agriculture and Poultry
Mathematics
Name.....
 Street
 Address..
 City
Occupation........................................................................ ..........
 Ptrxonn rculdino in Canada should send this coupon to th>• Ititrrtui-
 tion'll Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited. Montreal. Canada
In answering this advertisement tt is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION
           Send
           No {
           Money
          Savo one-half by ordering direct from us. Your cholco
          of either hlich-Krade watch. Octagon or round case.
          14Kt Bold • filled 20- yr cw with 20-yr »o!d filled link
          bracelet Full jewel, blrm wind nod Mot Adjusted and regu-
          Inted $12 vain©, our priro ONLY S5.9S, prepaid. Tonncau
          shape l4Kt White. Kold-filli'd. 25-yr cate. Silk sroKgrain
          riblion. sold • filled clnnp. Beautiful white dial. Snpphlro
          crown G jewaln. KeRulatrd. adinnted. Fully guaranteed (15
          value our apecial price ONLY S6.6S, prepaid. Order today.
          Send no money. Par on arrival. Satisfaction guaranteed or
          motiey promptly refunded
           SUPREME JEWELRY MFG. CO.	.
       Dept. 12115	434 Broadway. Now York
  VOU can make $15 to $60 weekly in your spare time
  1 writing show cards. No canvassing or soliciting.
  We instruct you by our new simple Directograph
  System, supply you with work and pay you cash each
  week. Writetoday forfull particulars and free booklet.
  WEST-ANGUS SHOW CARD SERVICE LIMITED
  Authorized Capital $1,250,000.00
  72 Colborne Building,	Toronto, Can.
New Simplified Method
of Learning Drawing
Amazing shortcut method now teaches you Illustrating.
Cartooning, and Designing In half the usual time. You
learn at homo in spare time, yet your work receives the
personal criticism of one of America’s foremost Artists.
,\o matter what your previous experience or education
has been, tills method qualifies you for tile fascinating,
high-salaried profession—Commercial Art.
FREE BOOK
Write today for our handsomely illustrated Free Booklet,
which tells’ you how at the cost of but a few rents a
dav vou can learn to draw pictures that bring you
splendid prices. Read about the big demand for Art-
ists by Newspapers, Magazines. Department Stores. Ad-
vertising Agencies, and Business Concents—about the
amazing success of our students. Special short time
offer of Complete Artist's Outfit Free to new students.
Write for Free Booklet and details of this offer Mall
card today. Address
Washington School of Art, Inc.
Room 4612, 1115-15th St., N W. Washington, 0. C.
 I4KT.G0LD
In answering any advertisement on this page if is desirable that you mention this magazine.
The Oldest and Best All-Fiction Magazine Published
Argosy-Allstory weekly
      Out Every Thursday■—Ten Cents
YOU SHOULD READ-
Munsey’s Magazine
         IQ O Pages of the Finest Fiction
         Available at Any Price.
Twenty-five cents a copy. At all news-stands.
WANTED
Railway Postal Clerks
$1600 to $2300 Year y / FRANKLIN INSTITUTE. Dtpt. E-270. Rocheilcr, N. Y.
TV/fKTTVi t a V ip	* Sirs: Send me without charee I Sample Railway
iVft-IN — dUxo 1 » Ur.	q Postal Clerk Exaininaiion‘juestion? 2 List of eovern-
JVlAIL. COUPON IMMEDIATELY	* .. *nent jobs now obtainable * Send free illustrated book.
                              .	"How to r.et Government Jobs."
Steady work. No layoffs. Paid Vacation* C Q
.	Name.............................................................
Common education sufficient:	'
Travel—See your country '	Address..............................................................
J«sta Big Wonderful Imported
sent	WQLFOX
C.	Fur Scarf
O.	\ NOW ONLY
D.	S
Sfyle and Warmth
Fine Silky Fur
A moat serviceable and necessary
scarf, attractively silk lined.within
the reach of every woman's pocket-
book. It can be worn tijrht around
neck or loose around shoulders. The
very latest stylish scarf.
Natural Head and Long, Bushy Tail
Has appearance of a S15 scarf. Your ^ M QQ
choice of black or brown. Specially
priced for immediate delivery . . .
AfHor Nnuf JUST SEND YOUR NAMC and address
uer I^UW Bt«tinK color wnnfed and pay postman
our price plus pontage --------- -------
 we will ffladly refund every penny paid out.
LEE THOMAS CO.
 800-10 S. Kedxio Ave.
 Dept. 590. Chicago, III.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION
Department of Public Safety—STAl E of MICHIGAN—Lansing, Mich.
$1000 REWARD
STEPHAN MADAJA—Escaped from Marquette Prison, 21 April 1923. Sentenced from Bay
County, Mich., 17 March 1921. Double life sentence. Charge, robbery, armed, and murder.
Served one term Jackson Prison 1-10 years, larceny of auto, 1920. Description: Age 28, Ht.
5-9J4, Wt. 168. Build, medium. Hair, light chest. Eyes, blue. Comp., M. Sal. Born Bay City,
Mich. Occup., laborer. If found, arrest and wire at our expense. We hold warrant.
                                            Roy C. Vandercook, Commissioner,
File No. 2189, State Police.	Lansing, Michigan.
 I .Right Thumb
                                                                     -‘TTPr iiand \
                                                                           H. L. Mtddli* RnjM
An Opportunity for You
In the Profession of Identification Expert
Here is a profession open to men just like YOU. A profession that does not require a long and
costly education. You can train yourself at home, in your spare time, to become an identifica-
tion expert (including the science of Finger Prints). This school has trained many of the
country’s most successful men. The course is easy, the cost small. Experts guide you and help
at every step. Many earn good money while still studying.
FREE
Professional Finger Print Outfit to Every Student
You Can Qualify
Perhaps YOU are especially fitted (or this profitable,
exciting kind of work. Find out. Send the coupon
below. See what others just like yourself have done.
A wonderful book tells all about actual crimes solved
by Finger Print Experts. Thrilling pictures. We will
send you a I' REE copy. Also our special offer made for
a limited time. Mail the coupon today — right NOW.
UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCE
1920 Sunnyside Ave., Dept. 14-59 Chicago. III.
 UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCE
1920 Sunnyside Ave., Dept. 14-59 Chicago, III.
 Gentlemen:—Without any obligation whatever, send me
 your new, fully illustrated Free book on Finger Prints
 and your offer of a FREE course in Secret Service Intelli-
 gence and the Free Professional Finger Print Outfit.
Name.
Address.
In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION
3 Splendid Books Less
Than Half Price
     Romance, Adventure. Mystery. Full sized
     novels by famous authors. Original, high-class,
     cloth bindings—made to sell as high as $2.50.
Take your choice. Any three books only $1.08.
Send No Money!
(See Coupon Below)
  Thousands of these wonderful books have already been sold to
  delighted readers at an average prico of $1.75 each. Now while
  the books last, you may have any three you select
  for less than half the original price. Remember,
  this is no cheap, special edition we are offering you.
  | i .j- hut the original, first-class books from standard
  publishers. Almost all are illustrated, some
  in color. These books have never been offered
  before in any cut-rate combination.
Here are the Books!
TakeYour Choice
                                        . My Trip Abroad. Charlie Chaplin.
                                        When "Charles" hit Europe, npnrk*
                                        (not custard piea) btgan to fly. kissed
                                        by celebrities. cheered by throngs,
                                        ho visited tho countries where he had
                                        once been a poor, half-starved urchin.
                                        U<>w bo mot tho beautiful Pola Negri
                                        in on.- of tho revealing incident* of
                                        hiR story.
 What Did
 She Hear?
 A low murmur of voices—a
 man 8 harsh threat—a wo-
 man's shrill pmu-st. She
 pressed against the wall des-
 perately: she oiust not miss a
 word. Her very life depended on
 the revelation in tho next room. And
 than -lowly, clearly. tho man begun
 to speak, to utter unbelievable
 words—
  But you muil read this story for
  yourself. It is one of the most ex-
  citing mysteries ever conceived by
  til■>•»«• muster story writer*. C- N.
  and A.M. Williamson.
  3. In the Favour of the Kin*. Daniel
     Hawthorne. A swift-moving. dra-
     matic tali* of adventure. romance
     and gold in Mexico.
  9. The Lion's Mouse, C. N. 4 A.M.
     Williamson. The Williamsons at
     their l«)t! The myStery-womsn of
     the sleeper, the hurried marriage.
     ■ breathless climax.
  12. A Virginia Scout, Hugh Pendcx-
     ter A romance of early Virginia.
  14 Told in the East, Talbot Mundy.
     Kipling's India strange country of
     loyal natives, of brave wfciU* men
     and equally brave women.
  16. The First Christmas. Lew Wal-
     ln<’.«. IDEAL FOR A HOLIDAY
     GIFT is this exquisitely bound vol.
     umc containing the most beautiful
     |>art of the classic Ben Hur. Bed
     leather, with gilt edge.
  19.	The Beauty and tha Bolshevist,
     Alice Duer Miller. Witty, highly
     modern tale by one of the cleverest
     modern writers. Illustrated.
  20.	Broken to the Plow. Charles C.
     Dobie. A young business man ia
     submerged and almost crushed by
     the forces of unscrupulous interest
     until a woman of the streets helps
     him find the soul which hia wife has
     consplredwithhia enemies to crush.
   Rolling Acres. Bessie R. Hoover.
  Anyone who has memories of life
  "back on the farm.” and can under-
  atnnd the ambitions and disappoint.,
  munts of young people there, will
  enjoy thia story.
   .. The Adventurous Lady, J.C.Snalth.
   They change places in an English rail-
   way carnage, the high-spirited daugh-
   ter of an impecunit.ua earl and the
   timid little governess who has never
   hud a chance for romance. And then
   tho excitcmont begins!
   . The Council of Seven. J. C. Snaith.
   Is Invisible Government ever safe?
   Was a secret council of seven jualitied
   in committing murder?
   . Old Fighting Days, E. R. Punston.
   A thrilling tale of the start of the prize
   ring, in the days when gentlemen out
   on the gloves to spar with profes-
   sionals and ringsido otiquetto was
   In the making.
   . A King in Babylon. Burton E. Ste-
   venson. A "movie company takes
   on a mysterious French actress for its
   Egyptian heroine. Thrills, surprises—
   an unexpected end.
   The Sea Bride, Ben Ames Williams.
   An acknowledged master of the finest
   type of sea story hero unfolds a yarn
   which brings you the very smell of
   salt and the feel of a good ahip be-
   neath your feet.
  :. Clear the Decks! •'Commander.”
  The navy in action-and an able sea-
  man rises to the admiral’s bridge. An
  actual experience, clothed in fiction.
  Magnificent illustrations accompany
  a tale of udventure. humor and
  achievement.
   I, Etiquette Problems in Pictures.
   Lilian Eichler. We are the first to otter
   this great "best seller 1 in any combi-
   nation otter, Here is your chance to
   obtain this ‘’blue book of behavior"
   far below the price at which thousands
   of copies have been sold, Everr page
   has a picture illustrating some impor-
   tant point m etiquette.
FREE
               The Tribute Beautiful
               “PAYING MOTHER”
 An cxqulslto Idyll of mother-Iove. eharmlnely f “ ■■ ™
 Illustrated and boxed an ideal sift book ^ nflllRI F 4
 which should bo owned liy .evrr family ^
 that knows what it means to have a f BOOK COMPANY
“0,hcr	+ A. A. S—I2-8--23.
—while	Folirlh At( New York Cll>
 Our gift to you th. supply Ulti?
 8«» read the list. All In three * GENTLEMEN: I want to
 rs. your name and ad- J advantage of your Bar-
 dress, and any additional ▼ W|M Hook Offer. Send me the
 f three books chocked below (order
 a by number) C. <>. 1). and I will pay
 f the postman $1.98 (plus postage) on
 delivery. You are to send me FREE
 a copy of "Paying Mother."
 titles you may desire, and
 send this couiiou at
 once.
Namo.
Address.
  ^ Book Numbers...........Additional Volumes at 75c......
   ^ (It is understood that if any of the books I check are sold out.
   f you will substitute ones of tho same type and equal value.)
1923
“FromThis Day You Get Bigger Pay'
  An America)
  In the lino of
  you
   . I was promoted. The boss seemed surprised, until I told him I had
   boen studying nights—to learn more about my job. and now to do it better."
School Course will,put you i.i the way of earning big money
                                 ------ -w ...
- Pay
                rk you like beat. Look over the Coupon, check’
 you want to learn, mail it and we will send you full Information FREE. Pay
 no money until you know all about what we can do for you. The cost la low
 the terms easy and the results Insured by our money-back guarantee. Tho
 par increases you will got will more than par lor your course in a few
 par
 week u______ .. ______...
 today You can join this moot]
 It today. Get your start in lifo.
 class. Fill out the coupon.
 job*
  American School, Dept. G-95, Drexel Ave. & 58lh St., Chicago, 111.
  American School. Dept 0-95. Drexel Are. & 58th St., Chicago
  Send me full Information on the subject cbocRod.
  - . Architect	. . Accountant St Auditor. . Employment Manager
  . . Building Contractor . . Bookkeeper	. . Steam Engineer
  or Carpenter	. . Draftsman & Designer . . Foremanship
  . . Automobile Engineer . . Electrical Engineer . . Sanitary Engineer
  . . Automobile Ropairm’n. . General Education . . Surveyor & Mapping
  . . Civil Engineer	. . Personal Anulysla . . Telephone Engineer
  . . Advertising Manager . . Business Law	. . Telegraph Engineer
 . . Business Manager . . Lawyer	. . High School
  . . Financial Manager . . Machine Shop Practice. . Fire Insurance Expert
  . . Sales Manager	. . Photoplay Writer . . Wlreless-Radio
  . . Cert. Pub. Accountant. . Mechanical Engineer . . Undecided
  . . Shop Superintendent
Name....,....................................................
MAKE MONEY
AT HOME
     V'OU CAN make SI to $2 an hour writing show cards
     1 at home in your spare time. Quickly and easily
     learned by our new simple method. No canvassing or
     soliciting. We show you how. guarantee you work at
     home no matter where you live and pay you cash each
     week Fullparticularsand booklet free. Write to-day.
     AMERICAN SHOW CARD SYSTEM LIMITED
     Authorized und Fully Paid Capital. One Million Dollars
     202 Adams Bldg.	Toronto, Canada
 SPORTING GOODS, TOYS, HOUSEHOLD, PEARLS, WATCHES, ETC.
 Would you like to
 «et something for
X-MAS
 without depending
 tipoii Santa Claus)
FREE
X-MAS
 is coming: and we all
 want something,
 why not get it
 absolutely free!
FOR BOYS. GIRLS. MEN AND WOMEN
Anyone and everyone send us your name and address, tell us what you want an*
we will tell you how to gel your article absolutely free
HIPCO. Dept. A-1, P. O. Box 158 PHILADELPHIA. PA.
SHORTHAND
 IN ONE MONTH
              Boyd—the Wonderful. New. Easy System. Writer*
  hold World’s record. 100 to 150 words a minute in 30 days guar-
  ante-d. New Principles—dictation first week. Rest for Court Rent-
  ing and Secretaries. Also Typewriting. Bookkeeping and Commercial
  I.aw. Send today for Catalog and Money-Back Guarantee.
  CHICAGO HOME STUDY SCHOOLS. 804 Reaper Block. Chioaoo. III.
 15he Argosy - Allstory Weekly
  An all-fiction publication filled from cover to cover with storle*
  of real human Interest—tales of love, daring, and humor. Th •
  Argosy-A 11 story has the real grip on the reading that you've been
  looking for. The Argosy-Allstory is the largest selling Fiction
  Weekly in the countrv.
 THE FRANK A. MUNSEY CO.. 280 Broadway. Now York.
 In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.
Would You Like to Earn
from $30 to $40 a Day
  Then read how J. R. Head of Kansas made $69.50 for one
  day’s work and now enjoys a steady income of $5,000 a year
“T AM going to tell you some startling	success. I am just an average man. What I
I f-Wc'-ihnT.t rnvwl f in thi. hr.tic that	have done othcrs can do 33 wel1 and as easily.
tacts aixmt mysen in me nope mat	My work has been easy and pieasant. i am
Others may prollt by my experience,	the representative for The Comer Manufac-
, . , ,, _ .	turing Company in this territory. All I do is
Just eighteen months ago I was lac-	take orders for their coats. They gave me a
ing an economic and financial crisis,	wonderful proposition. They furnished me
I was sick, broke and hopelessly dis- i^eXCtely°mp	P 1 succcedcd
couraged. The future held nothing	, ,,
for me.	t-hance ror Average Man
   Today, just a year and a half later,	to Make $5,000 a Year
I am one of the most successful men	The Comer Manufacturing Company is the
in this community. I am the owner of Iarses.t concern of its kind in the world. They
• _ ,	manufacture a splendid line of raincoats for
a prosperous, growing business. My	Jfien, women and children. These coats are
income IS more than $400 a month,	not sold in stores. They are sold by local
                  . t x 11	representatives like myself.
    You Will be surprised When 1 tell	Because of the marvelous styles, excellent
you how easy it has been lor me to	material and superb workmanship; because
i _ t _ e • |__.	of the wonderfully low prices for such high
turn lrom lailure to success.	grade merchandise, it is very easy to take
orders for these coats. The representative
The Curse of a Small	does not collect or deliver. And most pleasing.
_	he fiets his money the day he takes an
      Income	order.
Remember that eighteen months ago I had	j" !
almost nothing. Every dollar I earned was Word. 1 m just on average man. My terri-
uscd immediately for food, clothes and rent,	tory is not good, yet there has never been a
Not a dollar saved—in constant fear that I	sln«lc day that I haven t made money —
would lose my job—that was my predicament,	generally from S20 to $40. Ms business is
     I	wanted to live a-, well as my neighbors. I	growing bigger each day. I get repeat order,,
wanted an automobile. I wanted to give my	My customers send their friends to me. I c*;
children an education. I wanted to give my	pect my profits to beatleast SS.000 thisyear.
wife the things that every woman is entitled	A TUIo
to. But I couldn’t. I barely made both ends	* OU Are Uttered i illS 031X10
m Then came a serious illness. I lost my job.	Wonderful Opportunity
Even my small income was gone. I was	This is the true story of J. R. Head of
desperate.	Kansas, who lives in a small town of 631
„	population. It shows the money you can earn
   Mv Bid Opportunity Comes	as a Comer Representative. If you want to
   ,,,, ... , , .	make from S100 to S200 a week, if you want
When things seemed blackest my b s op- to make more mo . jn your spare time lhan
portumty came. Within a week I had made a haye eycr made jn life—then fill in
"ft profit of S6/.66. Within thirty days I had	u cnu n bclow and mail it to The Comer
SI 70. The next month 1 made S280—and	Manufacturing Comnanv
from then on undone Tlu‘>' win send you a copy of the booklet
I have made S133 in a single week, and one ,hat was worth thousands of dollars to Mr.
da£,! mi",le S69.30 clear profit for myself.	Hca(, They wi„ tell you how svithoul in_
This is how the wonderful change came	vestment_ experience or training, you can
about. One day my son brought home a	control a business of your own and make from
mentVhat S&thrt	a d^ Si*“ lhe a”d
rience or training, could make from $100 to
$300 a month in his spare time.	THE COMER MFG. CO.
I could hardly believe it. I knew that I had
never made that much by working ten hours a	Dept. SBY-164 Dayton, Ohio
day. I felt sure that such earnings were im-
possible. And yet I read where others had	...................
made as much as S1.200 a month in this same	.
work. The advertiser offered to send a book	Mall I his NOW
without cost. I had everything to gain and	• _
nothing to lose, so I mailed the coupon.	. THE COM12R MFO.CO.. ^
•	•
A____• j CUm.iorl	. 1’le.iso send me. without expense or ol>!l- ,
Amazing BOOK onowca IVie	g»tion. your special proposition, together
■ l_ T.T____	■ with complete outfit and Instructions, »i I •
ine W ay 10 ouccess	t cun begin at once to earn money. ,
That marked the turning point for me. The	, ,
little book told me exactly what to do—where Xamo..................................... ,
to go. what to say. and how to make money.
If I hadn't sent for it when I did I don't know 1 Address................................... '
wliat might have happened. All I have today	i •
—my prosperity, my business—are due to the	, ■
things I learned by reading that book.
I'rint or write plainly.	■
And there is no secret to my wonderful	___________________
W. S. Cooper
of Ohio, finds it easy
to earn over $500 a
month selling Comer
All - Weather Coats.
E. A. Sweet
an elect rieal engineer,
is making $600 to
SI.200 a month and
works only about
four hours a day.
FREE
I am now offering my
representatives a
Buick Touring Caras
an extra reward in
addition to all other
profits. If you write
at once you will be
given the same oppor-
tunity.
In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.
Men! May we send you this Humidor Sampler
of the worlds finest smoking tobaccos'?
              A new idea for pipe-smokers; twelve famous blends—each the finest in its class—shipped
              to you in a handsome humidor — to help you find the “Soul-Mate" for your pipe
                                                                    GUARANTEED BY
 THERE’S been a need for this idea a long, long time.
 For your average pipe-smoker is the greatest ex-
 perimenter in the world. He’s forever trying a “new
 one”—confident that some day he’ll stumble on the real
 affinity for his pipe.
    Rut there’s no reason why the quest tor a pe. tect to-
 bacco should be an endless Pilgrim s Progress— full ol
 sorry mis-steps and disillusions. There are myriads ol
 different brands of smoking tobaccos on the market.
 But of them all, there are 12 distinctive blends which
 stand in a class by themselves.
                           Ifamancouldonlysegregate
                         these twelve decisive blends
                         from the hundreds of dupli-
                         cate blends — and turn his
                         taste to testing these twelve
                         blendsexclusively—he’d settle
                         his tobacco problems i n a hurry.
                           So that's what suggested
                        the Big Idea to The American
                        Tobacco Company.
                          Wesaid,“Why not pick out
                        twelve of the world’s finest
                        and most distinctive tobacco
                        mixtures—pack a liberal quan-
                        tity of each in an attractive
                        Humidor Box—and offer it to
                        pipe-smokers, direct by mail,
                        at a price no pipe lover can
                        afford to resist!”
  A6^Testfor$l5-2
   If von ucrc tom all liof these
   tobacco* in full si:c packages,
   the ccft would be:
   fiJue four •
   Cafflon •
   Irufonnl Cuh Oil •
        I .iw—|
   Intptriul Cnh Cul
   OU Enfjt ih Cur.c Gif
   1UCiamcL ■ .
   Curilcn Club • •
   Ydt Mature - •
   HirteSlnlfi ■ •
   I.wf lifL. • • •
   Wilh'Litiibn • •
   Lcumnun Tintjue
   Total • •
   Pot ihiou^h the ilumiJtrSamfiir
   \ru got a liberal "gel afqujmtaT
   quantity cfcach fcr*l“
 •2S
 •30
 •30
 •30
 •15
 •30
 •15
 25
 •=5
 .IO
 •45
 •25
   Thus a man could get the “whole works” in tobacco
 blends in one assortment—with thecertainty thatamong
 them, he’d find his long-sought tobacco-affinity.
A $3.05 test for SI. 50
   It miRhl take you years to "happen on” all twelve of these
 flawless blends, and it would cost you S.i.05 to buy a full-size
 standard package of each. Bui through the Humidor Sampler,
 you can a liberal cot-acquainted quantity of all twelve of
 these blendsforgl.50—with theattractivc Humidorcase included.
 In answering this advertisement II is desirable that you mention this magazine.
Send l\'o Money — Just Mail Coupon
Sent on 10-Day Approval
   Send no money. Your name and address on the coupon is all
 that's needed now. It will brine you the complete Humidor
 Sampler of these
 1 we!vc peerless
 pipe mixtures—
 direct from our
 factories lo your
 den. When the
 postman brings
 the package—
 deposit thepriee
 w i t h hi m
 (SI .50). plus
 postage. If a ten
 days’ test of
 these tobaccos
 doesn’t reveal
 theidealtobacco
 you’ve always
 iioped to find for
 your pipe, the
 cost is on us.
 Simply return
 the Humidor—
 and we’ll send
 back your 81.50
 and postage by
 return mail.
The American Tobacco Co.. Inc-
Marburg Branch. Dept. 24
Baltimore. Md.
Please send me. on 1ft days’ approval. one of
your Humidor Samplers of twelve different
smoking tobaccos. 1 will pay postman SI.50
(plus postage) on receipt—with the under-
standing that if I am nut satisfied I may
return Humidor in 1ft days and you agree to
refund $1.50 and postage by return mail.
Name.......................................................
Address ..........
Note.- If you expect to be out when |k»i-
man calls you may enclose SI .5ft with coupon
and Humidor will be sent to you |>ostpaid.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY
"W E, E K L Y
VOL. CLVI	SATURDAY, DECEMBER S, 1923	NUMBER 3
Author of “Above Suspicion,” etc.
CHAPTER I.
YOUTH STUFF.
I DECLARE, Mis’ Moffat, I don’t see
how you do it! You look younger’n
ever!” Mrs. Horton bustled into her
shabby, comfortable boarding house parlor
and held out both fat hands in cordial greet-
ing to her bi-annually returning guest. “ It
beats me how you folks from the Middle
West seem to keep two jumps ahead of the
styles!”
The buyer from Columbia, Ohio, smiled,
and the tiny, well massaged lines about her
   1	A
dark, clear eyes and humorously curved
mouth crinkled.
  “ We have to! Do you suppose Sol
Feingold would have been sending me here
more years than I care to count for the
new lines in ladies’ and misses’ ready-to-
wear, if I didn’t look as young as the Sap-
piest finale hopper with a charge account—
at least from the back?”
  She laughed, displaying a row of strong,
white teeth, and then sighed. *' You’re
lucky to be in a business where flesh doesn’t
matter. How I’m going to resist the tempta-
tion of your pies, the Lord only knows!
322
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
But how is your family here? Simmy still
with you, of course?”
  “ Yes; but I shouldn’t wonder if some-
body wasn’t taking notice of him at last,
though I can’t figger who. Talking of fat,
he goes to a gymnasium two nights a week
reducing, and he dresses more snappy than
ever. If he does get married, I declare I
sh’ll miss him round the house after all this
time!
  “ Daisy Larkin’s gone back home to take
care of her mother; Ralph Best and Pete
Cook went out to Chicago to start business
together; and Laura Jennifer—well, it got
to be too plain and quiet for her here.”
The motherly face clouded, but brightened
again. “ Henry Jordan’s with me still,
and little Fannie Gillespie and Myrtle
Harris.”
  But one name had arrested Mrs. Moffat’s
attention.
  “ What do you mean—too plain and
quiet for that Jennifer girl—Mrs. Horton?”
she demanded. “ Thirty a week was what
she drew down modeling coats and suits for
Marx & Lefkowitz; and she wasn’t worth
half of it when I bought some whipcords
there last fall, slouching on the job and
making eyes at the men buyers! Where
did she move to—the Ritz?”
  “ She’s got a little flat somewhere. I
was real sorry to lose her, for Laura was
a nice girl; but good times and the bright
lights went to her head. Put the tea down
here, Aggie, and take Mis’ Moffat’s grip up
to her room.”
  Mrs. Horton turned with evident relief
as a scrawny, middle-aged housemaid with
untidy hair and a perpetually harried ex-
pression on her pointed face placed a tray
awkwardly on the center table.
  “ You’d better toast a coupla pieces of
that bread—”
  “Not for me!” Mrs. Moffat inter-
rupted decidedly. “ Nothing between meals.
Thirty-fours are the rage now, and I’m still
a thirty-six! So the Jennifer girl turned out
to be a weak sister? You’ve got another
one that seemed to me to be heading that
way, covering herself with cheap fake jew-
elry, and going without lunch for new
clothes. I mean Fannie Gillespie.”
  “ Indeed she ain’t!” Mrs. Horton assert-
ed vigorously. “ Fannie’s a sweet little thing
and good as gold. It’s natural for her to
like finery, and all them rhinestone di’-
monds—Well, you know how it is when
a young girl first comes to New York from
a small place—”
  “ Some girls,” Mrs. Moffat corrected as
she stirred her tea. There was amused af-
fection in the glance she cast upon her land-
lady. “ Ruffle up like a mother hen, don’t
you, when any one criticizes your chicks! ”
“ Well, I kind of take an interest in
them,” Mrs. Horton admitted. “ I’ve had
lots of young folks come and go from under
my roof during the last twenty years, and
I like nothing better than to see them set-
tled in life. I did think that Fannie and
Henry Jordan would make a match of it,
and I was glad, for he’s a fine, steady boy,
making good money selling those fireproof
filing cases; but he didn’t show her the kind
of attention her other friends do.
  “ Free lectures and the movies, and now
and then a good concert, are about his limit,
with maybe a little bunch of vi’lets or
a pounda candy; while Fannie likes the
Broadway shows and dancing where there’s
a cover charge. Not paying the bills, she
don’t know or stop to think of the price;
and though Henry Jordan ain’t stingy, he’s
the serious, quiet kind with a bank account
and looking to the future.
  “ I guess he figgered she was too fly-
away, or maybe she got the notion that he
was too slow. Anyhow, a few weeks ago
they stopped going out together and was
just frozen politeness, and that’s all. It
ain’t blowed over, and I’ve give ’em up.”
She poured herself another cup of tea
resignedly and the new guest laughed again.
  “ Which are you running—a boarding
house or a matrimonial agency? I’ve often
wondered! But the other one you spoke
of—this Myrtle somebody. It seems to me
I remember her. Big blonde, isn’t she—
with hands like a brakeman’s?”
  “ She’s a big, strong girl with yellow
hair,” Mrs. Horton amended defensively.
“ Myrtle plays a piano in a continuous
motion picture house uptown, and I sh’d
think that would make anybody’s hands
look like hams, thumping and banging eight
or nine hours a day!
BRIGHT LIGHTS.
323
  “ She’s kind of loud and flashy, but older,
with a level head on her shoulders, and I
never had a minute’s worry about her. I
did think she was kind of crazy 'bout Henry
Jordan at first, but he couldn’t see her, and
she's too sensible to cry for the moon.”
 “ I’ve got her now.” Mrs. Moffat
stemmed the garrulous flow with a nod.
“ Cold blue eye and circus clothes, but she
will get on. Hello, Simmy Darlev! Did
you come home early because you knew I
was going to breeze in?”
  The front door had opened and closed,
and the stoutish, slightly bald little man
of fifty or thereabout who paused on the
threshold was attired in the extreme of
fashion as it was recognized along the
Rialto. His waistcoat was resplendent, his
spats the lightest tan, and the soft felt
hat of the same shsde which he held with
his olivewood stick in one hand was of the
most approved collegiate shape.
  “ Mrs. Moffat, this is indeed a pleasure! ’’
He advanced with hurried, short steps, and
his voice squeaked cheerfully. “ I needn’t
ask if you are well! How is trade out in
Columbia this spring?”
  “ Rotten, thanks!” Mrs. Moffat returned
as she gave him her hand. “ That’s why
I’m here, for a new line to speed it up.
Ouch! Where did you get that Dempsey
grip?”
  “ I told you Mr. Darley had been going
to a gymnasium regular,” Mrs. Horton re-
marked. “ He was a real help moving fur-
niture and hanging pictures for me after my
spring cleaning.”
  “In all that magnificence!” With the
frankness of old acquaintanceship Mrs.
Moffat eyed him from top to toe, and Sim-
eon Darley’s rotund face beamed with naive
complacency. “ You look more like a book-
maker than a bookkeeper! ”
  “ You always would have your joke!” he
protested deprecatingly. “ Just keeping up
with the youngsters, Mrs. Moffat—that's
the thing nowadays! If you’ll spare me an
evening soon I shall be delighted to have
you and Mrs. Horton come with me to one
of the new restaurants. The latest dance is
a variation of the toddle—”
  “Listen to the man!” she exclaimed.
“ Don’t tell me it’s got you, too. After all
these years! I haven’t toddled since I
learned to walk, and late suppers don’t
sharpen my eyes for job lots being put over
on me. How come?”
  Mrs. Moffat added the question in a low-
ered tone after he had left the room; and
her companion shrugged.
  “ He just wants to show you what a real
sport he’s getting to be,” she remarked
comfortably. “ There’s no harm to Simmy,
if there is mighty little else. He tried to
take up with Fannie after her and Henry
Jordan quit going together, but she had
him run ragged in a week, dancing till all
hours, and then went back to her other
friends. Here’s Fannie now.”
  A slim, small girl with fluffy brown hair
framing a pretty baby face had let herself
in with her latchkey, but paused at the
foot of the stairs on hearing her name and
then ran lightly in. Her black pleated
frock and small moire toque were the last
word in smartness, but a splashing laval-
liere of glassy stones glittered at her white
throat, and the hand she extended was cov-
ered with meretriciously scintillating rings.
  “ Oh, how do!” There was a self-con-
scious note in her nervous little laugh.
“ You’re late this season, aren’t you, Mrs.
Moffat? The styles have changed so, now
that long skirts are in and bonnets instead
of flats, that you’ll find a lot of difference.”
  The older woman felt an impulse to
draw in her feet, acutely conscious all at
once of the brevity of her tweed traveling
suit and the fact that her flat straw hat
must be outdated at least a month; and the
girl’s appraising glance stung.
  “ Feingold’s son came on for the earlier
stock. I'm here for midsummer’s line and
first fall,” she replied abruptly, and then,
ashamed of her own chagrin, she added:
“ That’s a very smart little gown and bon-
net of yours, my dear. Does Ruthven like
you to wear so much jewelry to business,
though?”
  “ Oh, didn’t you know? I’m not with
Ruthven any more, but with Louisette.
Think of it, Mrs. Moffat, the most ex-
clusive hat shop in town, and you ought
to see the wonderful trade we have!” Fan-
nie’s china blue eyes sparkled. “ Of course,
I couldn't wear my rings and things there;
324
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
I don’t even dare put them on before I
start for home, but carry them in my purse.
I have to dress in plain black like this, but
it costs an awful lot, for I couldn’t be seen
in wholesale things, only imported models.
You won’t find anything with these lines at
places like Marx & Lefkowitz; and this
little turban—”
  She paused, listening for a moment as a
key grated again in the lock of the hall
door, and then shrugged at the step which
sounded in the entrance, continuing in a
slightly higher tone:
  “ As I was saying, Mrs. Moffat, if you
want anything really swell, you’ve got to
pay for it; appearance is the whole thing
in business and everything else. Mrs. Hor-
ton, can I press out my cerise crepe de
Chine? I’ve got a date to-night.”
  “ All right, Fannie, but don’t burn the
board again, like a good girl.” The land-
lady added in kindly solicitude: “ Where’re
you going? That’s a regular ball dress.”
  “ Dance frock.” Fannie tossed her fluffy,
shining head. “ I’m going with Mr. Rogers
to a perfectly grand affair, mostly profes-
sionals, down at Brewster Hall. See you at
dinner, Mrs. Moffat.”
  She tripped, humming, out of the room
and up the stairs without a glance about
her, although the footsteps had halted in
the hall. Now they advanced once more,
and a young man appeared. Hazel eyed,
with a touch of red in his curly brown hair,
and broad of shoulders beneath the plain
blue serge coat, his was a boyishly engag-
ing figure as his homely, clean cut features
lighted with genuine pleasure at sight of the
new arrival. The voice, too, in which he
greeted her was buoyant with vigorous
youth, and his handclasp warm and firm.
  “ I’m glad to be back myself, Mr. Jor-
dan,” Mrs. Moffat replied to him. “ You
are still selling filing cases, Mrs. Horton
tells me, and making a good thing of it.”
  “ Just plodding along.” Henry Jordan
nodded. “ We handle all kinds of steel
office furniture now, and we’ve had a great
winter. What are you doing to-night?
There’s a dandy picture on at the Interna-
tional, and a fashion show added that you
ought to see before you start out to-morrow.
I’d like to take you and Mrs. Horton—”
  “ Not me, Henry—I’ve got a sight of
mending—but Mis’ Moffat ’11 go with you.
It was nice of you to think of it. Heavens! ”
She rose precipitately. “ Do you smell
that? Sure as you’re alive, Caroline’s burnt
the cake again! Mis’ Moffat, you just make
yourself comfortable. Your room’s ready
any time jrou like—”
  Her voice trailed back to them as she
waddled off hastily toward the back stairs,
and Henry Jordan turned, laughing, to the
door.
  “Just the same as ever, isn’t she? I
don’t know what any of us would do with-
out Ma Horton! You’ll come to-night?”
  “ I’d love to, if you don’t mind trotting a
dowdy old woman around,” Mrs. Moffat
responded. “ I feel quite smart back home,
but I’m nothing but a hoosier here. Little
Miss Gillespie looked so stunning just now
that I realized how hopelessly out of date
I was.”
  She cast a friendly, quizzical glance at
him; and the young man flushed slightly,
but he met her eyes with steady candor.
  “ You look all right to me,” he said
briefly. “ I guess there’s a lot more fool-
ish things than being a day or so behind the
styles. We’ll go as soon as dinner is over,
so as to get good seats, shall we?”
  Later at the long table in Mrs. Horton’s
basement dining room Mrs. Moffat encoun-
tered again the remaining member of the
household, a loud voiced young woman of
Amazonian proportions, with brassy golden
hair elaborately waved and an air of so-
phisticated boredom. Myrtle Harris was a
professional at last, she assured Mrs. Mof-
fat, but it was a dawg’s life, and she didn’t
envy Paderewski or any of them other
artists, knowing now what they was up
against.
  It hadn’t been half as hard when she was
plugging hits in the sheet music department
of Silkworth’s Five and Ten, though of
course nothing like being a real performer
in a theater. The Bronx Coliseum didn’t get
first runs, but she supposed that wouldn’t
matter, Ohio houses not getting them either,
and Mrs. Moffat must come some night and
hear her play.
  The entrance of Fannie Gillespie, radiant
in a brilliant cerise gown which displayed
BRIGHT LIGHTS.
325
far too much of her girlishly thin shoul-
ders, put a temporary end to the conversa-
tional efforts of Myrtle Harris; and the
latter stared and then sniffed. The laval-
liere had given place to a necklace of paste
diamonds which gleamed almost convincing-
ly under the glare of the electric light, and
a ring with a single blazing stone adorned
one of Fannie’s small, animate hands in-
stead of the spreading cluster.
  Mrs. Moffat eyed it doubtfully, and then
with deepened gravity she studied the girl’s
pretty, doll-like face, and listened to her
high pitched, nervously gay chatter as the
meal progressed. There seemed something
forced and unnatural about her vivacity, as
if she were under some strain or pressure,
for when her naively egotistical flow of
small talk ceased for a moment she twitched
and fidgeted, more than once glancing at
the shaded area window as if she half ex-
pected to see a moving silhouette there.
  Was the girl afraid of some one? Surely
there had been shrinking dread in that look,
and in repose her soft lips drooped at the
corners and the lids fluttered over the wide
blue eyes.
  Mrs. Moffat shrugged and turned to reply
banteringly to a labored compliment of
Simmy Darley’s, on her left. After all,
Fannie was only one of the army of small
town girls with more looks than brains, and
no great talent or ambition to keep her
forging ahead to a definite goal. If she
were the incorrigible flirt she seemed and
anticipated some unpleasant scene or other
now, she would only be running true to
type.
  Henry Jordan devoted himself to his din-
ner with an appetite which argued well for
his peace of mind, and afterward as he and
the buyer from Ohio strolled toward Broad-
way in the soft dusk which still lingered
before the late spring darkness fell his
companion studied him as she had the girl.
Young people interested her, and in her
busy, successful life she had found time to
make many of them her friends.
  Quiet without being taciturn, light-heart-
ed without boisterousness, he had attracted
her on her former visits as much by his
evident seriousness of purpose as by the
uniform, thoughtful courtesy which ap-
peared so inherently a part of him. It was
safe to conjecture, Mrs. Moffat reflected,
that he would never make a fool of himself
over any little empty headed flirt, nor
swerve, if that square jaw and steadfast
gaze counted for anything, from the future
he had planned.
  The fashion exhibit posed before her on
the screen absorbed her keenest profession-
al attention, but the feature picture with
its erotic star, anfemic male lead, and hectic
emotionalism seemed melodramatic and ut-
terly silly. Mrs. Moffat was surprised to
find her young host disposed to a serious
discussion of it when, the performance over,
they made their way to a soda fountain.
  “ Just a lemonade for me, please.” She
sighed at a rich chocolate concoction foam-
ing from a near-by glass. “ The girl was
wonderful, of course, but didn’t you think
the story absurd? A plain, everyday sort
of husband like that doesn’t fly off at a
tangent and commit murder simply because
he has formed an ideal of his wife that
she isn’t capable of even comprehending,
much less living up to.”
  Henry Jordan shook his head.
  “ I don’t know. It didn’t seem absurd
to me,” he remarked. “ * Plain, everyday
husbands ’ do that sort of thing every day,
Mrs. Moffat, if you read the papers. The
girl he thought she was never had lived, and
maybe he felt that the real one shouldn’t,
either, when he’d found out how heartless
and wicked she was. Maybe he thought he
had a right to kill her, same’s he’d throttle
a wild beast if he had nothing else to kill
it w;'h except his bare hands, to keep it
from harming other people the way it had
him.”
  Mrs. Moffat eyed him in amused aston-
ishment.
  “ You think it was natural for him to
get worked up to the pitch of killing almost
in a minute like that—a man who’d never
before bad the impulse to harm a fly? Do
you believe such things happen in real
life?”
  “ Yes, Mrs. Moffat, I do.” His tone was
still quietly, impersonally argumentative,
yet it had deepened in gravity. “ I believe
there’s apt to come a time in any man’s
life, no matter how harmless and soft heart-
326
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
ed he might be, when he’d like to kill some-
body. Not just for his own satisfaction, I
don’t mean, but because he almost thought
he had a right, that it would be better if
they were dead.”
  Mrs. Moffat laughed outright.
  “ I shouldn’t wonder if we’d all felt that
way in the abstract, for a minute or two at
a time, maybe, but not seriously—not with
the actual idea of murder. Thank good-
ness, life isn’t quite like what the movies
would have us believe!”
  Henry Jordan frowned thoughtfully for
a moment, and then laughed too.
  “ I guess it’s a good thing,” he conceded.
“ Will you have another lemonade?”
  Mrs. Moffat declined, and they walked
the few blocks to the boarding house in
comparative silence, past the glitter of lights
on the great thoroughfare into the dim,
shadowed side street where the faint glim-
mer of the stars worked eerie magic on
commonplace stone and brick and mortar.
  The buyer would have a big day before
her, and long habit had accustomed her
healthy faculties to obey her will, yet to-
night for some reason she could not readily
compose herself to sleep. It must be the
long, nerve racking hours on the train, she
told herself wearily, or the thought of to-
morrow’s ever recurring problem^the right
choice at the right price, and not to be
stung with a line of false alarms as Fein-
gold’s son had been.
  The door downstairs opened and closed,
and a not-too-light feminine footstep ac-
companied by a whiff of reeking scent under
her own door announced the return of Myr-
tle Harris, and then long intervals passed,
punctuated by slow strokes from a distant
church clock, and still sleep would not come
to Mrs. Moffat.
  Midnight, then one, and then two. Was
that the front door again? The sound had
been so soft that the involuntary listener
could not be sure, but in another moment
the faintest of steps crept past her door
and on up the stairs and from a discreet
distance down the block there came the
diminishing whir of a taxi.
  Fannie Gillespie, of course! She had
youth and health, but taxis at two in the
morning didn’t mean efficiency a few hours
later. She wouldn’t hold her job down long
with Louisette or any one else, for that
matter, if she kept up this pace, innocent
enough though it might be, in fact.
  Yet what did the Fannies of this world
matter to a busy woman with her own prob-
lems to face?. In disgust with herself, Mrs.
Moffat arose and, throwing on a robe,
crossed to her open window and dropped
into a low chair. The street was deserted,
the infrequent lamps glowing through an
orange haze beneath the cold, steely light
of the stars and only the occasional rum-
ble of a belated truck breaking the si-
lence.
  Yet was the street quite deserted?
Wasn’t that a moving shadow opposite in
the deeper gloom of the areaway? Mrs.
Moffat leaned a trifle forward and watched
for long minutes, but if some one were
lurking there he did not betray his presence
again, and with a little shrug of impatience
she returned to her bed at last.
  Nerves, after all these years! Could it be
that silly sex play? Far fetched as it was, it
had impressed that intensely serious young
man Henry Jordan. What was it he had
said about the murderer? Something about
his right to kill the woman who had first
killed his own ideals and illusions? Youth
stuff, of course, but still—
  Trying dimly to recall his exact words,
Mrs. Moffat fell asleep at last.
CHAPTER II.
CHOCOLATES AND CONFIDENCES.
THE next two days were busy ones for
the buyer for Feingold & Son and she
saw little of her fellow lodgers at Mrs.
Horton’s beyond a hurried greeting at meal-
time. They were successful days, too, but
strenuous, and late one afternoon utterly
fatigued, she paused in the lower hall be-
fore ascending the stairs just as Fannie
Gillespie entered behind her.
  The girl appeared pale beneath the light
flecks of rouge she had acquired since Mrs.
Moffat’s last trip to the city and there
were faint bluish shadows about her big,
childish eyes. The little droop remained
at the corners of her lips even as she smiled
BRIGHT LIGHTS.
327
waveringly in response to the older woman’s
nod.
  “ It’s been an awful long day, hasn’t it?”
There was a flat, dispirited note in the usu-
ally high pitched young voice. “ I do get
so tired everlastingly trying perfect dreams
of hats on the homeliest, crossest people!
You ought to see the cars they come in,
Mrs. Moffat, and their clothes—oh, and
their jewels! I never thought there were
?o many diamonds in the world as I’ve seen
since I went to work for Louisette! It’s
funny how some girls that aren’t a bit at-
tractive have everything, isn’t it?”
  “ Well, they haven’t—attraction.” Mrs.
Moffat smiled and added on an impulse:
“ Won’t you stop in my room for a minute
on your way up? I have a marvellous box
of chocolates that Mark & Lefkowitz sent
me and, of course, I mustn’t touch one of
them; I’d like to get temptation out of my
way.”
    May I?” The discontented face bright-
ened. “ I suppose you’ve been ordering
heaps of things? I’d like to be able to go
out and buy everything I thought was
pretty!”
  “ Even if the pretty things were to be
worn by somebody else?” Her companion
led the way upstairs and into the pleasant
front room on the second floor. “ Sit down
and take off your hat if you like. Here
is your candy.”
  She placed a huge, beribboned box in
Fannie’s hands and motioned toward a
chair, seating herself with a sigh in the low
rocker.
  if Oh, they’re lovely! Won’t you take
even one?” The girl drew off her slightly
worn gloves displaying again the bunched
rings among which the single large stone
gleamed like a headlight, and fell to munch-
ing the chocolates avidly. “ I don’t eat
lunch very often now.
    It doesn’t cost so terribly to dress the
way Eileen Gaffney and the other sales-
ladies at I.ouisette’s do, and then I have to
have so many things to go out in. No fel-
low wants to take a girl out unless he can
be proud of her and if you’re dowdy you
don’t get anywhere!”
  “ Is it worth it?” Mrs. Moffat asked
quietly. “ Going hungry, I mean, just to
dress to please other people and have good
times that tire you all out so that you can’t
put your best effort into your work and
get on?”
  “ Why-y!” The blue eyes opened wide.
“ What would be the good of working at all
except so that you could have the good
times? I like to have the boys I go out w^ith
proud to be seen with me, and I know
some dandy fellows who think nothing too
good for their girl! I’ve been to the swell-
est parties lately and I don’t mind being
tired.
  “ I don’t see any use in just working and
working without a bit of fun; it ’11 be years
and years before I’ll get old enough to be
a manager or buyer and by that time I
won’t want to dance or care about theaters
and the beaches.”
  “ And you may not be qualified for a
manager’s or buyer’s job if you don’t work
for it,” Mrs. Moffat reminded her gently.
“ I suppose, though, you are figuring on
marriage, as most girls do?”
  Fannie shrugged.
  “ The fellows who want to get married
only think of sticking you in a horrid little
flat uptown or a cottage in the suburbs
somewhere to do your own work and be
lonesome all day and never have any real
fun, just put every cent in the bank!” She
made a little moue.
  “ Those that take you around can’t af-
ford to get married, but I’m not thinking of
that, anyway, for ages yet, I’m having too
good a time! The beaches are going to be
grand this summer! I’ve got a friend who
has a concession at the new one, Knicker-
bocker Park, that’s simply thrilling; it’s
called the Avalanche Ride.”
  Mrs. Moffat shook her head at the hope-
lessness of further argument.
  “ I didn’t know the beaches were open so
early,” she observed absently.
  “ Oh, yes! I found this in the sand last
Sunday; wouldn’t you think it was real?”
She thrust out the finger upon which the
single stone glistened. “ First time I ever
found anything pretty; I’m not lucky that
way. You never saw anything so lovely,
though, as the rings our customers wear—
gracious! Is it as late as that?”
  Her eyes had fallen on the traveling clock
328
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
on Mrs. Moffat’s dresser and she jumped
up, closing the depleted box reluctantly.
  “ Take it with you to your own room,
my dear.” Mrs. Moffat’s glance had fol-
lowed the gesture. “ Are you going out
again to-night?”
  “ Yes, but only for a little while, with a
boy I don’t care so much for any more.
He's an auto race driver and he leaves for
Detroit on the midnight. Oh. did you know
there’s a new boarder? He's dark and
awfully good looking, and his clothes look
as if they were made to order. I saw him
last night when he came to make arrange-
ments. I don’t suppose he can be much of
a sport or he wouldn’t want to live in a
quiet place like this, but he looked different,
somehow.”
   Not like Henry Jordan?” Mrs. Moffat
lifted her eyebrows.
  “ Mercy, no. Henry's a dear and I used
to be crazy about him, but he’s the dread-
ful, serious kind I told you about, and
doesn’t know what it is to really have a good
time. I must hurry and change my dress.
Thanks for the lovely chocolates!”
  She closed the door, nodding brightly,
and hurried up to the top floor and her
tiny hall room in the rear, while Mrs. Mof-
fat rearranged her hair reflectively. Fannie
Gillespie had changed in the few months
since last she had seen her; then everything
had been wonderful and the simplest pleas-
ures delights, although already the love for
the spurious finery within her reach had
made itself manifest.
  Now she was growing disillusioned,
wearying of the simpler things, choosing
her companions solely for their ability to
spend money prodigally. Race drivers, con-
cessionaires at amusement parks, sports "
—where would it all lead?
  It was in vain that the older woman
told herself it was nothing to her; the girl's
piquant prettiness and innate candor and
honesty as well as her very human longing
for what she considered happiness had made
their own appeal. What bitterness of fur-
ther disillusionment would the next interval
bring before they met again?
  Airs. Moffat was late for dinner and the
others had all gathered about the long table
when she made her appearance. Among
them was a new face and she recalled what
the girl had said about an addition to the
household.
  Mrs. Horton presented him beamingly as
Air. Edgar North and the young man arose
and bowed politely with a quick flash of
his bright, dark eyes. The hand resting
on the back of his chair was long and
slender, but not too obviously manicured
and his voice was pleasantly modulated
as he acknowledged the introduction and
then slipped into his chair with a graceful
litheness of movement that suggested
strength and control.
  He was a bond salesman, it developed,
recently sent up to the New York branch
of a New Orleans house and his accent held
the soft, rolling slur of the south in his slow,
not too loquacious speech.
  Myrtle Harris leaned both elbows on the
table, ignoring her veal pot pie as she de-
scribed the difficulties of an artiste’s career
to the engaging stranger; and Fannie, who
had put on a filmy blue gown the color of
her eyes and long paste earrings that pulled
at her small pink lobes, hung with flatter-
ing attention on his infrequent observa-
tions, but if Mr. North was aware of the
personal element he gave no sign, directing
his conversation in the main to the land-
lady with an unaffected deference which de-
lighted that honest soul.
  li You dance, of course?” Fannie asked
when Myrtle paused for breath.
  The newcomer darted a swift glance at
her in which she read an eager response,
but he only replied quietly:
  “ I was raised to it, Miss Gillespie,
though not, I’m afraid, the kind of dancing
you do up No'th. I must try to learn, of
co’se, when I have time.”
  Myrtle laughed loudly.
  “ You don’t sell bonds in the evenings,
do you?”
  “ Hardly, Miss Harris, but I’ve planned
to study and attend some lectures at one of
the colleges heah.” He smiled, showing a
flash of white teeth in his dark, smooth
shaven face, and turned to Mrs. Horton.
“ I'm afraid I shall burn your lights ve’y
late some nights, ma’am.”
  “ Go right ahead!” Mrs. Horton respond-
ed cordially. “ I like to see my young peo-
BRIGHT
LIGHTS.
329
pie improving themselves. My late hus-
band was a great reader, though the sport-
ing extras never done him much good for
he usually picked the wrong one. He could
talk real well when I had time to listen to
him and he got it all from magazines the
folks left laying around. I always believed
in education. What line are you thinking
of taking up?”
  “ Finance and economics.” It seemed to
Mrs. Moffat that there was a hint of amuse-
ment in North’s tone. “ Can you tell me,
suh, which of the colleges offer evening lec-
tures?”
  He had addressed Simmy Darley, and
while the latter hurriedly disclaimed any
knowledge of the city’s higher educational
advantages Fannie pushed away her saucer
of rice pudding and arose with an annoyed
swish of silk and tinkle of earrings to
leave the room. Inadvertently Mrs. Moffat
glanced at Henry Jordan and was surprised
at the look of pain in his eyes as they fol-
lowed the slender, departing figure.
  Was he thinking again of a certain lost
illusion of his own? It couldn’t have been
an overwhelming one or he would scarcely
have remained under the same roof and in
constant daily association with the girl who
“ used to be crazy about him,” but it
seemed evident that he was not yet wholly
cured.
  Mrs. Moffat spent the evening in her
room casting up accounts and preparing a
lengthy report for Feingold & Son and she
was so deeply preoccupied that she was only
subconsciously aware of the thud of the ves-
tibule door. She glanced at the clock, not-
ing idly that it was just half past ten and
returned to her report once more when a
muffled sob in the hallway made her turn in
surprise, then arise and open the door.
  “ Is that you, Miss Gillespie? Is any-
thing the matter, my dear? Can I help?”
The little figure muffled in the soft blue
cape halted at the foot of the second flight
of stairs and then turned and came slowly
toward her.
  “ It’s nothing, Mrs. Moffat, only I think
men are horrid! I’ve had a perfectly awful
time and it wasn’t a bit my fault! ”
  As she came into the room, closing the
door behind her, the older woman saw that
the tears which stood in the round eyes were
those of anger rather than sorrow and her
lips were crimson as though she had set
her small teeth in them.
  “ What happened? Tell me if you like.
Did you go out with the friend you spoke of
this afternoon?”
  Fannie nodded and slipped the cape from
her shoulders as she dropped into a chair.
  “ Yes, but I only went to be nice to him
because he begged so; I told you I didn’t
care for him any more.” She pressed her
hands to her flushed cheeks. “ He was aw-
fully good fun at first to run around with,
and I liked it when we’d go in a restaurant
just after he’d won some big race and peo-
ple would whisper and stare, but he—he got
to thinking everything was settled between
us as soon as he gave up the road and
opened a garage and then he began quarrel-
ing about everything, my jewelry and my
other friends, and even the way I happened
to look at people!
  “ We had one last row and I didn’t see
him for ever so long until just lately, but
I wouldn’t make up with him again the way
he wanted me to, and I only went out with
him for a dance to-night because he was
going away. And then he had to make a
perfectly dreadful scene!”
  “ Why?” Mrs. Moffat asked quietly.
  “ Just because Jack Rogers joined us
and I danced with him—well, quite a little.
He’s simply elegant! Rut you must have
seen him lots of times on the screen. Frank
heard I’d been going around with him and
all of a sudden he got in a terrible rage and
—and wanted to fight him! Jack’s the per-
fect gentleman, though, and he went right
away and I came home all by myself. It
was horrid of Frank—as if he had the
right!”
  She twisted her handkerchief nervously
between her fingers and Mrs. Moffat re-
called the odd tension in the girl’s manner
on the night of her own arrival.
  “ Are you afraid of this Frank?” She
paused and added: “ Has he ever threatened
you?”
  “ Oh, no!” Fannie replied quickly as she
rose, gathering her cape about her once
more. Her eyes had darted toward the door
with a curious fluttering of their lids, how-
330
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
ever, and she drew a hasty breath. “ What
could he do except make nasty scenes like
to-night? I was so ashamed! Fellows say
crazy, silly things about what they’ll do
when you won’t bother with them any more,
but they don’t ever do anything, really.
  “ I guess I’ll go to bed, for there’s going
to be a wonderful party to-morrow night,
and I’ll hardly have a wink of sleep before
I’ll be due at the shop again! I wish there
wasn’t anything but good times, ever!”
When she had gone on up the stairs Mrs.
Moffat returned to her task, but she found
it impossible to concentrate on Poiret twills
and tricotines, marvellas, and duvetyn.
The pretty, shallow young thing who had
just left her was dominated by a serious
emotion at last, and that emotion was fear!
Of whom or what was she afraid?
  The unhappy scene of that evening which
she had so naively recounted had meant
only a “ horrid ” quarter of an hour to her,
nothing more, yet at the first suggestion
that she might have been threatened Fan-
nie had betrayed her apprehension even as
she quickly—too quickly—denied it, and
then retreated precipitately. If the girl
wrere in any actual trouble—
  She decided to have a frank but tactful
talk with her on the morrow and learn what
advice or help she might offer, and in the
meantime the report for Feingold & Son
must be put through. Forcing the prob-
lem of her young fellow lodger resolutely
from her thoughts Mrs. Moffat wrote for
an hour with her accustomed conciseness
and exactitude and then retired to sleep
soundly until Agnes knocked upon her door.
  “ Ha’ past seven, Mis’ Moffat.” To her
still drowsy perceptions it appeared that
there was an odd quaver in the usually
thin, sharp tones. “ Will you dress real
quick, please, ma’am?”
 “ What's the matter?” Thoroughly
awake on the instant Mrs. Moffat rose and
threw her robe about her. “ Is anything
wrong, Agnes?”
  “ I don’t know. I’m afraid so.” The
voice quavered still more and Mrs. Moffat
opened the door to find Agnes wringing her
hands, with her apron askew and her wisps
of hair standing out in greater disorder than
ever. It's Miss Fannie! I’ve knocked
and hollered till I’m hoarse, but there isn’t
any answer and Mis’ Horton told me to—to
fetch a policeman!”
CHAPTER III.
BEHIND THE LOCKED DOOR.
A POLICEMAN, Agnes!” repeated Mrs.
Moffat, aghast. “ What in the
world for?”
  “ To—to break the door down!” Agnes
whispered with a fearful glance over her
shoulder up the well of the staircase. “ It’s
locked from the inside and the key’s still
in the hole! Mis’ Horton says the police
have got to be here in case anything ter-
rible should’ve happened. Deary me, in
all the years— Hear her now, ma’am! I
thought maybe you’d go up to her before
she gets a stroke or something!”
  “I will, at once, Agnes!” Mrs. Moffat
had paused to listen to the subdued pound-
ing and frightened entreaties in the land-
lady’s usually placid tones and now she
started to close her door. “ I'll just get
into a few things and you’d better call the
officer without rousing the rest of the
house.”
    They’re all up, only Miss Myrtle’s in
hysterics and the cook ain’t much better!”
Agnes turned to descend the stairs. “ You'll
hurry, ma’am?”
  Waiting only to pin up her heavy braid,
thrust her feet into slippers and put on a
more substantial garment than the light
bathrobe, Mrs. Moffat hurried up the stairs
with her heart beating suffocatingly and a
nameless fear clutching at her throat.
  The girl must be there! She couldn't
have gone out again, and besides, there was
the door locked from inside! Why didn't
she answer?
  From behind a closed door on the third
floor there came the strangling sobs of Myr-
tle Harris's noisy hysteria, and a heavy
tread and hoarse breathing in Simeon Dar-
ley’s room showed that the alarm had been
conveyed to the middle aged bookkeeper,
but Mrs. Moffat was scarcely conscious of
the sounds that reached her ears. She knew
only that the thumping and calling from
above had ceased and that her feet seemed
BRIGHT LIGHTS.
331
weighted with lead so that she could hardly
drag them, yet in reality she was all but
flying along the hall to the next flight of
stairs.
  At their foot she drew back for an in-
stant as the door of the front hall bedroom
opened abruptly and the new boarder,
Edgar North, confronted her fully dressed
except for the coat, into the sleeves of which
he was straggling.
  “ I beg your pardon, but isn’t there some
trouble?” he asked quietly, his dark eyes
searching hers with evident concern. “ I'll
lie very glad to be of any assistance—”
  “ I’m not sure.” Mrs. Moffat stammered
and then drew herself together. “ Miss
Gillespie can’t be waked and Mrs. Horton
is afraid she is ill. I am going up to see.”
  She started up the last flight, discovering
the landlady sitting huddled on the topmost
step, and Henry Jordan, coatless and collar-
less, leaning against the balustrade on the
landing just over her head, his face haggard
and gray in the cold, searching light.
 “Oh, Mis’ Moffat!” Mrs. Horton
moaned, holding out her fat, trembling
hands. “ I’ve called and called, but Fan-
nie don’t seem to hear! Henry Jordan’s
almost kicked the panels through and he
wanted to break the door down for me
himself only I wouldn’t let him! I know
she come in all right, for I saw the light
from under her door long after eleven when
I took a last look through the house before
I went to bed, the same as I always do.
  “ She’d have come to me if she felt sick,
or anything. You don’t think that she’s—
she’s—”
  “ I don’t know what to think, Mrs. Hor-
ton, but you’ll just have to pull yourself
together. We’ll know soon what has hap-
pened.” Mrs. Moffat held the cold, shak-
ing hands in a firm grip and glanced up
at the young man, surprised to find that her
own voice was in such steady control once
more. “ You haven’t heard the slightest
sound from Miss Gillespie?”
  He shook his head speechlessly, and then
another voice sounded from just behind and
below her.
  “ I don’t like to intrude, being such a
stranger, but is there any way I could be of
service, Mrs. Horton?”
  “ Heavens, it’s Mr. North! I'd forgotten
all about you!” the landlady exclaimed.
“ Maybe we’re only making a fuss over
nothing, but Miss Gillespie—”
  Words failed her, but Edgar North nod-
ded understandingly.
  “ I know; Mrs. Moffat told me. You
said something a minute ago about break-
ing the door down. Perhaps Mr. Jordan
and I could fo’ce it—”
    Thanks, North, but Airs. Horton thinks
we’d better wait for the police.” Henry Jor-
dan found his voice, but it was strained and
unnatural, and he spoke with what was evi-
dently a tremendous effort. “ They’d have
to be notified, anyway, if there’s anything
desperately wrong!”
  “ To be sure,” the young Southerner
agreed in a low, shocked tone. “ Is there
a doctor on this street? If Miss Gillespie
has met with some accident during the
night—”
  “ Of course! Why didn’t I think of
that?” Mrs. Horton cried. “ Dr. Vaughn
lives just four doors away on the opposite
side, and I’ll be ever so much obliged if
you’ll run over and bring him here. Do
bang on the door again, Henry! Maybe
she’s come to and can hear us now.”
  The other young man had turned and
was running down the stairs, and Henry
moved obediently toward the door at the
rear of the hall which faced them with a
blankness that seemed portentous in its
silent menace. Mrs. Moffat noted his re-
luctant hesitation before he lifted his hand
to knock, but the gesture was never finished,
for at that moment a heavy door slammed
far below and an elephantine tread re-
sounded through the house as some one
came up the stairs.
  Mrs. Horton rose, and the two women
instinctively drew together, while Henry
turned and took up his former position at
the rail. Feet pounded along the hall just
beneath, Myrtle Harris opened her door,
screamed shrilly, and closed it again, and
the next instant a burly bluecoat appeared
and ascended three steps at a time.
  “ What’s wrong, Mrs. Horton?” he de-
manded. “ Your Agnes says there’s a girl
here, one of your boarders, that you can’t
get any answer from. Which door is it?”
332
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,
  Silently Mrs. Horton pointed, and the
policeman advanced.
  “ Keep back, all of you! Not a single
one crosses that sill until I say the word.
Now, then!”
  There came a mighty thud and straining
creak as his massive shoulder drove at the
panel, but the stout lock held, and it was
only after a second and third onslaught
that it gave way with a crash and the door
burst inward, carrying him with it before he
could brace himself.
  The shades had evidently been pulled
down, for the darkness from within ap-
peared to rush out upon them appallingly,
and the jarring vibration echoed in the
shuddering silence and died away, while
they waited breathless and tense. Then
just when it seemed that the ultimate mo-
ment of endurance had come, a smothered
exclamation reached their ears.
  “ Holy saints! She’s done the Dutch!”
  Everything whirled before Mrs. Moffat’s
vision, yet through it she still seemed to
see clearly the expression of hopeless horror
upon Henry Jordan’s face; but Mrs. Horton
uttered a choking cry and collapsed at her
feet, a quivering mound of flesh, as if she
had been stricken by a blow.
  The next few minutes passed in a kaleido-
scopic jumble of hideous, confused impres-
sions. She was aware that Simeon Darley
passed her bellowing inarticulately, with the
tail of his dressing gown streaking out be-
hind him; that the young man from New
Orleans had reappeared with a bearded
stranger carrying a small black bag; and
that somehow Agnes was beside her, bend-
ing over the unconscious figure of the land-
lady, wailing thinly and wringing her hands,
while the sound of feminine weeping from
below seemed to have been augmented into
a chorus.
  Then the stentorian voice of the bluecoat
brought a semblance of order.
  “ Now, then, get back there! No one lay
a finger on the body till the medical exam-
iner— Oh, 'tis you, doctor! Come this
way, please! The rest of you clear out;
clear this hall and the stairs, but see that
not a cne of you leaves this house!”
  Mrs. Moffat rose swaying from where
she had dropped to her knees beside the
landlady, and in spite of herself her eyes
turned with awful fascination to the broken
door and the shadowy semidarkness that
lay beyond. The wooden furnishings
showed merely in vague outline, but the
bed had evidently been relegated from one
of the more elaborately appointed rooms
downstairs when its style went out of fash-
ion, for it was of brass, with square cut
posts reaching almost to the ceiling from
its towering headboard.
   To Mrs. Moffat’s dazed, fearful vision it
seemed that from one of these something
swung in mid air—something slim and white
and unnaturally tall, that loomed like a
specter, and involuntarily she took a trem-
bling step forward.
  The next moment a hand fell on her
shoulder and the same loud, authoritative
tone admonished:
   “ Keep back, lady! Get on downstairs,
and take Mrs. Horton with you. Doctor,
don’t let a one of them in there till I go
telephone to the station.”
  Henry and the new young man between
them were lifting the landlady’s flaccid
bulk, and Mrs. Moffat followed slowly with
Agnes down the two flights of stairs to Mrs.
Horton’s own rear hall bedroom on the sec-
ond floor. Myrtle Harris’s hysteria had sub-
sided to heaving sobs as they passed her
door, but below they came upon Caroline,
the cook, crouched at the foot of the stairs,
rocking herself back and forth in a par-
oxysm of woe.
   “ Whut was it, Mistuh Burke?” she had
gathered her wits together to demand of
the policeman as he descended in advance
of the others. “ Whut done got po’ Miss
Fan? Lordy, Lordy! Fust time you was
evah in dis yere house, ’ceptin’ fo’ a tas’e o’
mah cookin’.”
   “ Lemme get by, Caroline, and hush up
that noise!” he responded gruffly. “You
better tend to Mrs. Horton—”
  The landlady opened her eyes as they
laid her upon her bed, and glanced shrink-
ingly about. Then her gaze fastened on
Mrs. Moffat’s tense face.
  “ Fannie! What happened to her?” she
whispered. “ She isn’t— She can’t be—”
Mrs. Moffat shook her head.
   “ I didn’t see, but the officer said she was
BRIGHT
LIGHTS.
333
dead. At least, he gave orders that no one
was to go near the body, and he has noti-
fied some one over the telephone. That is
all I know.” She turned as Simeon Darley
appeared in the doorway. “Did you go
into that room?”
  “ Yes. God, it’s frightful! Why did the
poor child do it?” His voice was low and
shaken, and the flesh sagged in grayish folds
from his jaw as if his round face had been
suddenly deflated. “ It’s—it’s like a night-
mare! What could have driven her to—”
“ To what?” Mrs. Horton sat bolt up-
right. “ What are you trying to say, Mr.
Darley? Fannie didn’t—”
  “ She’s hung herself!” He drew a hand-
kerchief from the pocket of his dressing
gown and mopped his f?ce. “ You never
saw anything so horrible! She’s hanging
there to the high, brass bedpost with the
chair kicked away from under her—”
Agnes screamed and covered her face with
her hands, and Mrs. Horton moaned; but
Henry Jordan stood rigidly staring straight
before him with unseeing eyes. Mrs. Mof-
fat glanced at Edgar North, and he nodded
gravely.
  “ Mr. Jordan and I saw her, too. It’s—
a terrible thing! I don’t know about the
fo’malities of the law up No’th, but if there
is anything I can do for any of you ladies,
for Mrs. Horton—” He paused, and, al-
though pale-faced, his tones were steady.
  “ I don’t think so, but you might ask
the doctor to look in on Miss Harris on his
way down,” Mrs. Moffat suggested me-
chanically. “ Agnes, I’ll see to Mrs. Horton
now. Get the cook quieted and back to her
kitchen; everybody’s got to have some cof-
fee, whether they want it or not, to brace
up and go through with this dreadful busi-
ness. I suppose a crowd will begin to collect
pretty soon if the policeman was seen to
come in here, and then the doctor—”
  “ I’ll put on my collar and coat, and
North and I can go down and keep them
away from the vestibule,” offered Henry
Jordan, passing his hand across his fore-
head. Mrs. Moffat saw that it came down
glistening with moisture, and his voice
sounded now like that of a man roused with
difficulty from a dream. “ I suppose they
won’t let us do anything—upstairs.”
  He stumbled from the room in the wake
of Edgar North, who had preceded him, and
Simeon Darley asked helplessly:
  “ What can I do after I phone to the
office? And to think how happy she seemed
at dinner last night, and then to find her
dead, hanging like that!”
  “For Heaven’s sake!” Mrs. Horton
moaned, covering both ears with her
hands. “ If you say anything more you’ll
drive me crazy! Something must ’a’ hap-
pened when she went out last night, but
why in the world didn’t she come to me
and tell me? Fannie was a dear, good girl,
and she might ’a’ known there was nothing
she couldn’t talk to me about! It’s won-
derful you can keep so ca’m, Mis’ Moffat.
I’m thankful you’re here to help me, though
it’s terrible for you to get mixed up in this.
Poor girl! Poor girl!”
  The tears were coursing down her cheeks,
and she wiped them away with the end of
the pillow case as Officer Burke paused on
the threshold.
  “ Come on, Darley; I'll need you till
a couple of the boys get over here from
the station house. I don’t want anybody
let up that top flight of stairs.”
  The importance of his mission filling him
with sudden composure, Darley gathered
his robe about him and departed, and as
Mrs. Horton rose and tottered to her
dresser, still weeping, her companion pro-
ceeded to her own room. There, while she
dressed hastily and rearranged her hair, the
hideous unbelievable fact kept pounding
into her brain: Fannie Gillespie hanged her-
self!
  The slim, white, wraithlike thing which
had appeared to float there in the semi-
darkness of the room had been her body,
dangling from the bedpost as from a gibbet!
The girl whose last words had voiced the
wish that there wouldn’t be “ anything but
good times, ever,” was dead, thrust into the
unknown by the act of her own hand there
in the dark!
  It wasn’t true, it couldn’t be! Even as
she forced the truth with monotonous re-
iteration upon her consciousness, Mrs.
Moffat found herself rebelling, refusing to
accept it. Fannie’s nervous, apprehensive
manner, her evasion of the point-blank
334
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
question as to whether the man she called
“ Frank ” had threatened her, and the very
words of her reply, “ Fellows say crazy,
silly things about what they’ll do when you
won’t bother with them any more, but they
don’t do anything, really ”■—all these re-
turned to Mrs. Moffat’s mind, but they
offered no adequate explanation of the girl's
suicide.
  She had feared a quarrel, a distasteful
scene such as had actually taken place on
the previous evening, perhaps, but surely
nothing more, surely nothing could have
threatened her which left only the dread
alternative of self-destruction!
  Yet she must have had some reason
for that sudden, desperate impulse! Did
Henry Jordan suspect what it could be? He
had borne the shock of the discovery with
remarkable composure, even for one of his
quiet, self-contained temperament, consid-
ering the fact that, up to a few short weeks
before, he had appeared to be deeply at-
tached to the girl. His face had expressed
horror, pain, shrinking revulsion, but not
an overwhelming surprise. Could he con-
ceive of some motive for Fannie’s mad act
which had been hidden from her other as-
sociates, even from the motherly but not
too discerning eyes of Mrs. Horton?
  A car drove up to the curb and stopped,
and heavy footsteps passed along the hall,
accompanied by the low mutter of mascu-
line voices, before she finished dressing;
and when Agnes appeared at the door Mrs.
Moffat was not unprepared for her an-
nouncement:
  “ The police doctor’s come with another
man, and there’s more policemen in the
vestibule and on the sidewalk keeping the
crowd back. Do you hear them?”
  Mrs. Moffat had indeed been subcon-
sciously aware of an increasing babel of
sound from below, and the shuffle and
tramp of many feet on the pavement, but
she had given it no heed in the turmoil of
her thoughts. Now she stepped to the
window and lifted the shade which flapped
over the open lower sash. A small mob
was eddying about the cleared semicircle
held by several bluecoats before the old
fashioned high stoop; delivery boys and
children on their way to school formed the
inner ring, and the morbidly curious of the
neighborhood were clustered in the back-
ground, while gesticulating knots of people
had filled the doorways and opened windows
across the street.
  From either avenue were coming oth-
ers in a continuous stream, attracted by
the crowd already gathered and the sight
of the police car drawn up at the curb;
and Mrs. Moffat hastily dropped the shade
and turned away.
  “ Mrs. Horton says will you please come
down to the dining room for your coffee?”
Agnes inquired. “ Mr. Jordan’s took Mr.
Darley’s place upstairs. Ain’t it terrible
about poor Miss Fannie? I don’t know
what they’re going to do with her, but I
heard the police doctor say something about
an autopsy.”
  “ I suppose that’s the usual thing.” Mrs.
Moffat repressed a shudder. “ Tell Mrs.
Horton I’ll be right down.”
  In passing she glanced at the chair be-
side the table. There only a few short hours
before Fannie Gillespie had sat, her soft
blue cape like a cloud about her, and the
paste diamonds glistening bravely as they
swayed pendent from her small ears. She
had been looking forward to a “ big party ”
to-night, and earlier she had remarked with
the liveliest anticipation that the beaches
“ were going to be great this summer.”
Was that the mental attitude of a girl who
contemplated death, who secretly faced a
problem to which she could find only the
most tragic of solutions?
  In the meantime Mrs. Horton, having
dressed, and stemmed her tears, had sum-
moned Henry Jordan from his self-imposed
duty in the vestibule and coaxed him to
swallow a cup of steaming coffee, after
which Officer Burke had ordered him to
stand sentry for Simeon Darley on the top
floor, and he passed the latter on the last
flight of stairs.
  “It’s—it’s hell, Henry!” The rotund
figure seemed to have shrunken beneath the
dressing gown and the stubby hands worked
convulsively. “ A shutter or something is
banging in there as though her heels were
drumming against the wall, and I could
have swom I heard something like a groan.
It’s a downright shame to leave her that
BRIGHT LIGHTS.
385
way! Don’t go near the door again, my
boy; it ’11 break you all up!’’
  But when his footsteps had died away in
the echoing well of the staircase, Henry
Jordan, after a swift glance about him,
had gone straight to the yawning aperture
at the end of the hall where the shattered
door swung on its twisted hinges and, reach-
ing in, drawn it toward him. The key was
still in the burst lock, its bit protruding al-
most to the ward from the outer side of the
keyhole.
  Henry bent and studied it, then with a
second quick glance behind him he whipped
out his handkerchief, wrapped it carefully
around his hand and, reaching behind the
edge of the door, withdrew the key.
  Retreating to the center of the hall where
the sunshine came down in a pallid streak
through the skylight, he held the key-by
the bow and examined the lock end with
puzzled attention while a slight frown gath-
ered on his forehead; but a sound from
below roused him with a start, and he hur-
ried back to the door.
  When he had replaced the key he pushed
the door so that it swayed back to its former
position, and then as he turned, his gaze
fell for the last time on the vague outline
of the pathetically small, inert form sus-
pended high in the gloom within, and a
groan forced its way between his set teeth.
  When Burke ascended the stairs a mo-
ment later, with the assistant medical ex-
aminer and another behind him, he found
his deputy standing motionless beneath the
skylight, his hands gripping the balustrade
and his head bowed so that a deep, oblit-
erating shadow fell across his face.
CHAPTER IV.
STEVENSON FROM HEADQUARTERS.
“ VV 7^0 was Fannie Gillespie? Where
W did she come from? Do you
know the names and addresses
of any of her relatives?” The assistant
medical examiner, a portentously grave
young man with a high, bulging forehead
and stiff, upstanding yellow hair, like a
brush, above it, peered owlishly through his
large rimmed glasses as he sat beside the
center table in the parlor and shot his ques-
tions at the still dazed landlady.
  “ Her full name is Frances May Gilles-
pie, and she came from up State—from
Bison, New York.” Mrs. Horton replied
in a tone that still trembled. “ Her parents
are dead, and I don’t know—seems to me
I did hear her speak of a brother, but I
can’t recall that she mentioned his name or
where he lived.”
  “ How long has she boarded here?”
  “ She come to me a year ago last March.
That ’11 be nearly fourteen months. Fannie
hadn’t been away from home long then.
She’d been boarding with the aunt of a
girl who worked in the same place as her,
Ruthven’s wholesale millinery, it was.”
   “ She was employed there until the pres-
ent time?”
  “ No, she’s with Louisette now. I
mean ”—Mrs. Horton caught herself up
with a shudder of remembrance—“ I mean
she was there yesterday.”
  The doctor nodded unconcernedly.
    How old was she?”
  “ Just twenty-one. She had a birthday
on the twentieth of last month, and Caro-
line baked her a cake—”
  “ Just twenty-one.” The doctor made a
brief note. “ Do you know if she was en-
gaged to be married?”
  “ Oh, no! Fannie’s a real popular girl—
I mean, she was—and she had lots of gen-
tlemen friends who took her out, but I
never heard of her promising to marry any
of ’em. She—she wasn’t thinking of set-
tling down yet; all she cared about was
just having a good time.” Mrs. Horton
paused, and then added hastily: “ Don’t
make any mistake, though. Fannie was a
thoroughly good girl, and brought up care-
ful, as anybody that knew her could tell.
It was natural for her to like finery, and
she copied the rich customers at the stores
as close as she could, but all her jewelry
was only fake that she bought herself, and
she’d do without ’most anything for a
pretty dress.”
  “ Who were these gentlemen friends?
What are their names, and where did they
work? Did you meet them?”
   Mrs. Horton shook her head at the broad-
side of queries.
336
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
  “ I don't know. Fannie talked about
them, of course, but I don’t recall their
names, except three. I never met any of
them when they called to take her out, for
I don't hang around and poke my nose in
my boarders’ business. Let me see— She
spoke of an auto racer named Frank Black,
and Mr. Jack Rogers, a motion picture
actor, and there was a Ben Newell, who
was a new friend. He runs some kind of a
scenic railway thing at one of the parks.
Fannie knew the auto racer longer, I
think.”
  “ Who was her most intimate friend?”
  “ A girl that works with her at Louisette’s
—Eileen Gaffney. She’s been here several
times on Sundays—a real pretty, stylish,
lively girl—and I know they went out to-
gether often. I wouldn’t have called them
’specially intimate, though; Fannie ’d tell
you everything she knew straight off, if she
liked you; she was that kind.”
  Tears welled up once more in the kindly
eyes, and the doctor frowned, asking has-
tily:
  “ Do you know of any reason for the
girl’s suicide? Had she appeared to be in
any trouble or difficulty? Low-spirited?
Has she asked about any letters or tele-
phone calls that didn't come?-”
  There was a third person present; the
man who had arrived with the assistant
medical examiner. Throughout the inter-
view he had stood quietly by the window
seemingly intent on surveying the crowd
outside through the thick, coarse lace cur-
tains, but now he turned sharply, a stocky,
thick-set figure with sandy hair and a
shrewd, genial twinkle in his brown eyes.
  il No, she was the happiest little thing
alive!” Mrs. Horton asserted. “She al-
ways asked who’d called her up and what
letters had come for her, but she didn’t
seem anxious about any particular one, and
she didn’t know what low spirits was! Ever
since Air. Burke broke the door down for
me and found what—what she’d done I’ve
been asking myself why, why, until I’m
’most crazy!
  " That’s the only thing could have hap-
pened to her; that she went out of her
mind, and yet there never was a saner, more
clear-headed girl, for all her foolishness
about clothes and fun. She got nice money
at Louisette’s, didn't go in any debt that I
ever heard of and hadn't any serious love
affair; there ain’t a reason in the world why
she should think of dying, much less making
away with herself!”
  The doctor glanced at his companion and
rose.
  “ Then you don’t know of any one to no-
tify about her death?”
  “ Not unless you can locate some Gil-
lespies in Bison. If you mean about the
funeral expenses I guess I can take care of
them; Fannie’s been ’most like one of my
own family and I couldn’t think of her lay-
ing in any charity grave. I s’pose you’ll—
you’ll have to take her away for an au-
topsy?”
  The doctor nodded.
  “ We’ll let you know when an undertaker
can send for the body if no one claims it.
I’ll arrange to take it away at once.”
  He turned to the door and the other man
joined him. Airs. Horton rose, but they
paid no attention to her, talking together
for a moment in a quick undertone. Then
the assistant medical examiner departed and
his companion closed the door and came
briskly back to her.
  “ Sit down again, please, Airs. Horton.
This is a pretty sad thing to have happen
in your house and, of course, you are as
anxious as we are to find out what motive
the girl had for killing herself,” he began
in a sympathetically confidential tone.
“ Let’s see if we can’t get at some reason
you haven’t thought of yet. You say she
was the kind of a girl to give her confi-
dence to anybody if she liked them, but
there might have been something in her life
that she didn’t talk about, something that
happened before she ever came here. You
remembered that she spoke of a brother
even though you couldn’t recall his name;
can you think what she said about him, how
she happened to mention him at all?”
  Airs. Horton’s wet eyes clouded as she
turned them upon him.
  “ I don’t know as I ought to talk about
her family and there isn’t anything much
that I could say. Of course you come with
the police doctor, but—”
  He smiled reassuringly.
                   1 A
BRIGHT LIGHTS.
337
  “ That’s all right. I’m Stevenson, from
headquarters, and we’re only interested in
family gossip in order to get a line on the
girl herself. What did she tell you about
this brother of hers?”
  “ I couldn’t say in so many words, Mr.
Stevenson, I can only give you the general
idea I got, for she spoke of him in an off-
hand kind of way. I gathered that he was
quite a little older’n her and slow-going, and
though she seemed fond of him, I guess
they wasn’t much alike.
  “ I know he was married, for Fannie
didn’t like his wife; she couldn’t get on
with her, and I always thought that was
why she left home, though she was crazy
about the city. I’ve known plenty country
girls, but never one so hungry for the bright
lights. I don’t believe anything happened
before she came here that she brooded over,
any love affair, I mean.”
  “ Who was the girl that worked in Ruth-
ven’s, the one whose aunt she boarded with
before she came to you?”
  “ I can’t remember the name, but it was
uptown somewhere,” Mrs. Horton replied.
When the detective mentioned “ headquar-
ters ” she had shrunk from him in horror,
but his manner was so full of consideration
and evident good will that in her bewilder-
ment and deep trouble her unsuspicious
mind opened to him. She reiterated: “ Fan-
nie hadn’t anything to worry about from the
past.”
  “ That was a big jump for a little coun-
try girl without any pull, to go right from
a cheap wholesale house like Ruthven’s to
such a swell shop as Louisette’s.” Steven-
son seemed to be following a line of thought
of his own. “ How’d she make it?”
  “ Oh, that was luck—and her own pretty,
smart air. She posed for the head for some
pictures Ruthven was getting out advertis-
ing their early spring line just before Christ-
mas, and Louisette saw them and sent for
her. Fannie wasn’t like a country girl, Mr.
Stevenson; she had style and a proud little
way of holding her head as if she belonged
to society all her life! It wasn’t only her
prettiness made folks turn and look at her
even in the simplest things she wore, there
was something about her I can’t explain
and everybody admired her.”
   2	A
  Mrs. Horton wiped her eyes on a damp
rag of a handkerchief and the detective
nodded.
  “ I get her type. Clothes mad and cov-
ered with fake jewelry—is this her stuff?
All of it?”
  He suddenly emptied a small, glittering
pile from his coat pocket upon the table,
and Mrs. Horton started, then leaned for-
ward to examine it. Rings and earrings,
brooches, a necklace and a pendant blurred
before her eyes and their meretricious bril-
liance seemed to dull.
  “ I guess so,” she responded uncertainly.
“ Fannie had an awful lot of it, but her
liking for it was innocent enough, good-
ness knows! She’d have outgrown that fool-
ishness later on, it was just because she’d
wanted pretty things all her life, I guess.”
  “ And sporty company? She didn’t go
with the kind of men that are usually at-
tracted to a working girl, Mrs. Horton.”
  “ I know,” the landlady sighed. Then
she added in quick defense: “ They was all
right or she wouldn’t have let them take
her out; Fannie could take care of herself
anywhere, and she did! Men all liked her,
young and old, but she didn’t give any one
a serious thought.”
  “ There must have been some one.” The
detective smiled again. “ You can’t help
seeing a lot when you run a boarding house,
and you must have known who it was she
liked best, or at least was kidding along.
What’s the most serious case she had?”
  “ None lately,” Mrs. Horton disclaimed
hastily and then checked herself. “ Just
a theater with one fellow, and a dance or a
motor ride or a trip to one of the beaches
in summer with another—that’s the way
Fannie’s been going.”
  “ ‘ Lately,’ you say; I mean before that.”
Stevenson’s eyes narrowed as he gathered
up the imitation jewels and thrust them
back in his pocket. “ You needn’t be afraid
to speak, this won’t go any further. Who
was it had a crush on her? You’ve got sev-
eral men boarding here;, was it one of
them?”
  Mrs. Horton’s honest face flushed and her
hands tightened in her lap.
  “ Mr. North don’t count, he’s just come,
and as for Mr. Darley and Mr. Jordan, they
338
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
both liked her, I guess. I never was one to
gossip, and nothing ever come of it, so there
don’t seem any use in talking about it now!
Poor Fannie’s dead—”
  Her tone was filled with very real dis-
tress, but Stevenson pursued inexorably:
  “ That’s precisely why, Mrs. Horton.
Darley’s the older man got up like a sport,
isn’t he? Was he in love with her?”
  “ Mercy, no! He did start to take her
out a great deal just a few weeks ago, but
Fannie was young and she liked young
company, and I shouldn’t wonder if he
found it kind of hard to keep up with her;
anyway, she began going around with her
boy friends again and Mr. Darley stood
aside, but they’ve stayed good friends.”
  “ And the young fellow, Jordan? He
showed her attention, too?”
  “ Yes. He’s lived here near three years,
as fine and steady a boy as you’ll find any-
where! He never seemed to have time to
bother with girls before Fannie came, he
was too taken up with making good in his
business, but she just kind of took him off
his feet, I expect.” Mrs. Horton caught
herself once more. “ Of course there w'asn’t
any engagement or anything and maybe I
only imagined it, but I thought he cared
an awful lot for her. There wasn’t any
quarrel that I knew of, but they cooled
off all of a sudden; she began going out
more than ever and he only worked harder.”
“ What does Jordan do?”
  “ He sells steel office furnishings and he’s
been busy inventing some kind of a patent
lock for filing cases. I don’t know anything
about it except thai he gets his room in a
clutter!” Mrs. Horton shrugged. “You
see, Mr. Stevenson, I can’t tell you any-
thing. If Fannie went around with one
gentleman friend more than another I didn’t
know it, and she was gay and light-hearted
up to the very last minute. She’s been out
every single night this week.”
  “ Do you know where, and who she went
with?” Stevenson had been thoughtfully
pacing up and down with slow, swinging
strides, but now he halted in front of the
landlady. “ What time did she get in each
night? You’ve got a quiet house here,
haven’t you? Don’t you usually know what
hours your guests keep?”
  “I should hope so!” Mrs. Horton
straightened in her chair. “ Not that I’m
nosey, but I sort of keep an eye on my
young folks, and I’ve never had a minute’s
trouble in all these years until this terrible
thing came! I take a look round every
night before I go to bed and I can generally
tell who’s in and out.
  “ Fannie got in early Monday night, but
Tuesday she went to a dance—I let her
press a dress to wear; I remember because
it was the day Mis’ Moffat come. At
Brewster Hall, the dance was, and she went
to it with Mr. Rogers, the motion picture
fellow. I don’t know what time she came
home then or the next night, for there
wasn’t any gas on in her room when I
looked the last thing, and when she was late
she never made any noise.”
  “ You don’t think she’d come in earlier
and gone to bed?” the detective suggested.
  “ No. When she was home there was al-
ways a bright light in her room.”
  “ Why?” Stevenson asked quickly.
“ What did she do? Write letters? Read?”
“ I never thought about it,” replied Mrs.
Horton, surprised. “ Fannie wasn’t much
of a letter writer unless she mailed them
outside, and I never saw her with a book
in her hand except a fashion magazine,
maybe. She was always neat and dainty,
though, I guess perhaps she was mending
and fixing her clothes. Last night she
musta got in early, for I saw the gas going
in her room, but everything was quiet. If
she was in any trouble it musta come up
while she was out and I just can’t under-
stand it!”
  There was a little pause while she lifted
her handkerchief to her eyes once more.
Stevenson had turned as if about to pace
back and forth again, but after a moment
he wheeled to face her and she saw that
he held in his hands a coil of slender but
strong rope streaked with dust and soot.
A slip noose had been made in it and the
end w'hich dangled was not frayed, but had
been cut clean.
  “ Did you ever see any rope like this be-
fore” he asked.
  Mrs. Horton’s brow knit.
  “ It looks like a length of ordinary clothes
line to me,” she replied. “ I’ve got some
BRIGHT LIGHTS.
339
just like it strung up on the roof; there
wasn’t room in the yard for all I needed.”
  “ How do you gel up there?”
  “ To the roof?” Mrs. Horton glanced
up at him. “ Why, through the trapdoor in
the hall closet on the top floor; there’s a
ladder leading up to it. It’s right by Fan-
nie's door—oh, good Heavens! You don’t
mean— That—that isn't the rope she—”
Horror choked the words back in her
throat and Stevenson nodded gravely.
  " The body was hanging from this by an
ordinary loop, Mrs. Horton, when the as-
sistant medical examiner and I took it down.
It has only .recently been cut from a longer
piece, and with some very sharp instrument;
you can see how fresh the end is and how
it has been clipped short off, not sawed
through by a dull blade—”
  “ I don’t want to see! ” Mrs. Horton cov-
ered her face with her hands and her fat
body shook. “Take it away! I—I can’t
look!”
  “Never mind!” he returned with com-
forting reassurance. “ You needn’t look
at it now, but I may ask you to later, to
compare it with other pieces. Now, you say
the girl was always happy and light-hearted.
Are you sure you didn’t see any change in
her lately? I want you to think carefully,
please. Taking into consideration what has
happened can you recall a word, even a
look, that would show something was on
her mind? Something that not only
grieved her, but frightened her?”
  “ Why should she be frightened?” Mrs.
Horton half rose from her chair. “ Folks
don't kill themselves because they’re afraid,
unless maybe they’ve done something ter-
rible that’s against the law, and of course
Fannie couldn’t have done that! What in
the world would she be afraid of?”
  “You haven’t answered my question!”
A note of stem authority had manifested
itself in his tone. “ I want to know if at
any time lately the girl appeared to be in
dread of anything! It doesn’t matter what,
that’s our lookout. Haven’t you noticed
the least change in her?”
  “ Why, no! ” There was a shade less cer-
tainty in Mrs. Horton’s voice, however.
“ She’s been real nervous lately, but I
thought that was because she’d been on the
go so much and maybe tired out with the
spring rush of trade. It did seem as if she
was just living on excitement—”
  “ How did she show this nervousness?”
the detective interrupted.
  “ Well, she jumped if anybody spoke to
her sudden, and she kept looking around
over her shoulder if she happened to sit
with her back to a door or window—not
that she was still a minute if she could help
it! I never saw anybody so restless as
she’s been lately. I said ‘ good-by ’ to her
at the door out there two-three mornings
when she was starting for work and she’d
peek out of the vestibule as if to see if some-
body was there and then scoot for the cars,
and when she come home she’d hurry no
matter how tired she was.
  “ She always slept with the gas burner
going full tilt in her room, and one night
last week at dinner something went wrong
with the main out in the street, and I
thought she’d have hysterics before Agnes
brought lamps—goodness! It never come
to me until just now, but it does sound as
if Fannie had been actually afraid, doesn’t
it?”
  Stevenson did not reply directly, but he
nodded as if what she had told him was in
accord with some idea of his own.
  “ How long ago can you remember the
first indications of this in the girl?”
  “ Let me see!” Mrs. Horton passed her
hand over her forehead. “ Two-three
weeks, anyway; maybe a month. It’s been
getting worse, now that I think of it. Mr.
Stevenson, what does it mean? You as
much as told me to mind my own business
a minute ago, but it is my business! I must
know what come to Fannie Gillespie right
here under my own roof, and what she was
so afraid of that she killed herself!”
  “ Perhaps she was fraid of the very thing
that did come to her here under this roof,
Mrs. Horton,” Mr. Stevenson remarked
quietly. “ Her door was locked from the in-
side, and there isn’t any fire escape nor
ladder nor even vine outside her window,
but for all that we have no proof that the
hand which slipped that noose over her
head was her own!”
TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK
By COLLINS D. BRADLEY
Author of “Harness Shy. ”
A NOVELETTE—COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE
IT was a spring morning in Bordeaux.
The bright rays of the sun, promising
heat, were moderated by cooling, wanton
breezes from the Bay of Biscay. On the
second story of the Hotel des Girondins a
set of shutters had been thrown back and
a window was open, indicating to thoughtful
souls among the passengers in the Rue Ste.
Catherine that the room behind the window
was inhabited by some sort of savage—
probably American.
  Inside the room the barometer was fall-
ing. Storm clouds hovered in the west, and
the mercury was bulging the top of the
thermometer. A lady with sharp patrician
features, blue eyes, the magnolia-petal com-
plexion and black hair of Andalusia or Erin,
sat gracefully slender and straight, staring
through her lorgnette at a letter.
  Facing her from the other side of a table,
on which the breakfast was growing stale,
sat her husband. He was short, burly, red
of cheek. His head had once borne a fine
coppery mane, it seemed, but now his fore-
lock was brassy and his temples silvery.
He, too, held a letter in his hands and
glowered at it through his horn rimmed
glasses.
  At first the silence in the room was so
dense that the noises from outdoors, butting
against it in vain, fell back into the street.
But soon within the chamber might be
heard a genteel hissing as the lady exhaled
through her arched nose at irregular but
frequent intervals; a certain crescendo gur-
gling from the man, and the rustling of the
sheets of paper in their trembling fingers.
This is what the lady read:
                         San Francisco, Cal.
  My own dear Mamma:
    I hope you are well and that you are en-
  joying your trip.
A FORTUNE HUNTING FOOL.
341
    Oh, I hardly know how to tell you! I have
  fallen in love with a man since you left, and
  though I should like to have you and father
  at the wedding we cannot wait until you re-
  turn.
    He is that handsome clerk in the book store.
  The one whom we agreed looked like a poet.
  I thinK he is one. He hasn't written any
  yet, but you should hear him talk! He is
  ever so much more wonderful than I thought
  when you first called my attention to him,
  and I shall always be grateful to you for do-
  ing it.
    By the way, he is a scion of one of the
  biggest families, and one of the oldest, in Eng-
  lish history. Don't think of hurrying back
  for the wedding—that isn’t at all necessary.
  We have decided not to have a bothersome
  formal affair.
    If it isn’t too much trouble please send a
  ]ot of cablegrams telling the police to prevent
  the marriage, and give out good, spirited in-
  terviews to the press representatives about itj
  Pa will know how to get the most advertis-
  ing out of it for Roy’s work.
                Your loving daughter,
                                      Viola.
    June 15.
 Each time the handsome lady reached the
end of the letter she turned loose the breath
she had been holding and went back to the
beginning. Meanwhile her husband was get-
ting up steam with the following:
                           San Francisco, Cal.
 My ownest Daddy:
    I hope you are well and that mamma does
  not have too much trouble in getting you to
  go to museums and art galleries. You should
  go to them, you know.
    I am sure you will be greatly surprised to
  hear that I have resigned my position in your
  offices; but I have the very best of reasons
  for not remaining there. When I love a
  person his word is my law, as you know,
  and as my fiance does not want me to work
  after our marriage, which is to occur imme-
  diately, I really had to quit.
   It is all so wonderful! When you and
  mother left I would have gone with you but
  for my determination to become a business
  woman and be as much of a son to you as
  possible. Now I have fallen in love with a
  young business man, and that simplifies mat-
  ters because he will be your son, you see.
    He is a salesman at present; but he bas
  larger operations under way which, when con-
  cluded, will enable us to live in comfort with-
  out depending upon his salary. It would
  be handy, though, if you could increase my
  allowance considerably just now.
    His name is Roy Jones and he was born in
  Kansas. Please do not curtail your trip, be-
  cause we will probably be married before you
  could get here, anyway.
     If Roy would only consent to a big wedding
   and a lot of nice publicity I think it might
   help the sale of his product—don’t you? If
   you could pretend to be very', very angry and
   get it all into the dispatches maybe that would
   do just as well.
                 Your loving daughter,
                                       Viola.
     June 15.
  When the lady and gentleman had got
their respective letters by heart, they crum-
pled them savagely into balls and looked
fiercely at each other.
   “ I suppose,” said the lady, speaking rap-
idly, “ that letter informs you that your
poor, romantic daughter has been ensnared
by a rogue?”
  The gentleman still eyed her sharply:
but now there was a difference in his ex-
pression.
  “ I don’t know that I would use your
term. She probably engineered this her-
self. Certainly she is not romantic. She
seems practical to me—cold blooded, even.”
His wife lifted her brows as she replied:
“ You admit it? And what of this craving
for notoriety? Now, perhaps, you realize
the effect upon her of having a father who
has contrived to make his name a synonym
lor dried prunes the world over.”
  He seemed about to utter a hasty retort,
but the swift, even flow of his wife’s voice
prevented.
    In her heart Viola is essentially roman-
tic, idealistic, like me. It may be just as
well for her to marry if in that way she
can escape the atmosphere of crass com-
mercialism with which she has been sur-
rounded so long. There is at least nothing
sordid about this. She counts her social
position as naught when weighed against
her love. She condescends to wed a poor
man without a word of regret. I dare to say
that I do not blame her.
  “ I expect to be censured for this, and
I am resigned. I know that she inherits
her generous nature from me. Did I not
marry a Stiggs? Her lover seems to have
family, at least.”
  Mr. Stiggs, who had with difficulty kept
still so far, suddenly found his opening.
  “ Ha! Family? Yes, he’s got plenty of
342
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
family, I’ll admit that. Family to burn.
Jones, his name is—get that, my dear.
Roy Jones. A good, plain name, I call it.
  “ Romantic nothing! There isn’t a bit
of wishy-washy, namby-pamby romance in
the whole thing. I am glad to see that
Viola has some of my common sense and
practicality. I said she was cold blooded,
and I meant it; but I admire her for it.
Don’t mistake me.
  “ I realize, however, that she has possibly
imbibed some pernicious ideas of a senti-
mental nature from you. Therefore the
wedding must be postponed until I can
investigate this Jones. I shall not increase
her allowance. I shall not let the slightest
hint of this leak out. Thwarted thus, they
will have to wait until I relent.”
  Mrs. Stiggs looked at him glassily.
  “ I agree with you perfectly,” she said
in a tone of amazement. “ And we must
start back at once.”
  “ Of course we must.”
  They glanced at each other curiously. It
was years since they had agreed so readily
upon any subject of importance. Each felt
that the other was behaving unnaturally.
Finally Mr. Stiggs gulped a cup oS cold
coffee, and with a last worried look at his
wife rirhed from the room in search of a
timetable.
II.
  On the evening of the same day, but six-
teen hours later, such is the difference in
Wme, \’\o\a, having just eaten an early sup-
per at the Cliff House in San Francisco,
spoke softly across the table to her hus-
band.
  “ Roy,” she said, “ I have deceived you.
Instead of being the remote relative and
trusted stenographer of the great Stiggs, of
Stiggs’s Prunes, I am his only child.”
  Roy Jones’s dark eyes, habitually gentle
in expression, widened slowly, reminding
Viola of a wounded fawn. His lean cheeks
paled, and his tall, wiry figure was tense as
he exclaimed reproachfully:
  “ Oh, Viola! ”
  She nodded her ruddy blond head em-
phatically, unabashed.
  “ I would have told you before, you
know, but it might have worried you. I
didn’t want to trouble you during the
honeymoon. If I had done it right at first,
you are so honorable and upright and silly
and everything that you wouldn’t have mar-
ried me—would you?”
  “ Haidly.”
  “ I knew it. Don’t look at me that way,
Roy. I feel like a stranger, and we’ve been
married two weeks. It isn’t such a dreadful
thing to marry an heiress—is it?”
  “ Was that why you made me quit my
job?” Roy was watching her curiously.
“ Did you suppose I would live on your
money?”
  Viola had an entrancing smile. Some-
times you might think her chin was carried
just a trifle arrogantly, that her blue eyes
sparkled with a metallic gleam, or that her
lips were a little too firmly shut, but that
was only when you had known her long
enough to become inured to her charm, and
when you were feeling especially disagree-
ably critical. Even then, just let her smile!
  Her chin became gently round; her eyes,
half shut, and shadowed by dark lashes,
lost their former likeness to polished jew-
els, bringing to him on whom they gazed
the thought of violets. And then, as this
gracious mutation reached its climax, her
serene lips parted, softly curving, to grant a
fleeting glimpse of little, even teeth. Be-
nevolent despot that Viola was, she never
wept or stormed to gain her will. To van-
quish the rare hardshell who opposed her
whim she simply smiled.
  She did it now, reaching across^to pat
her husband’s hand.
  “ I made you leave that bookstore be-
cause they wouldn’t give you two weeks’
vacation for our honey-half-moon. You
shan’t go back there, either. That’s no
place for a man like you who’s fond of
dogs and horses, and who’d love to learn to
box if he could steal a few evenings from
reading new novels and reviews. If you
were not so nice and persevering and pig-
headed, you’d have quit it long ago.
  “ Besides, you haven’t the slightest talent
for pretending to be a highbrow. You’re
too sensible, even, to want to be one. So
of course you’d never make a real bookman
anyhow.”
  “ But I can’t do anything else, Viola.
A FORTUNE HUNTING FOOL.
343
You know that. And if you love me you’ll
have to agree to it because—”
  Viola interrupted him. She had been
fumbling in her hand bag, and now she
thrust toward him copies of two letters.
  “ Don’t worry, dear,” she said confi-
dently. “ I have a plan by which you can
make a fortune and support me in style.
But before I tell you, I want you to read
these. I wrote them, just a week before our
wedding.”
  Even in his present distress and doubt,
Roy was meekly obedient. He read one
letter without comment. He laid it down
carefully when he had finished, glanced fur-
tively at Viola, and began the other. As
he neared the end of the second letter he
looked startled. At last he passed his hand
across his forehead worriedly. Holding a
sheet of paper in each hand, he compared
the two. He dropped them at last and with
something like despair in his expression
peered at Viola, who looked strangely com-
placent, even smug.
  “ Viola,” he began, “ I don’t seem to
understand. I suppose I should—you have
expressed yourself clearly, but—well—in
fact, I must be dull—”
  “ No, you’re not,” she assured him. “ It’s
the letters. Tell me just what you think of
them.”
  Roy hesitated, stammered, but at last
spoke out doggedly.
  “ It looks as if you’d lied in one letter,
and then, when you wrote the other, forgot
what you’d made up before and got out a
new set of. prevarications. Contradicted
yourself, too. I don’t say anything about
the apparent brutality with which you have
treated your parents; but it strikes me you
could hardly have done better if you had
deliberately tried to prejudice them against
me. You might at least have told that I
didn’t know of their relation to you. They
will think I’m a crook.”
  Viola flushed delicately with a modest
lowering of her eyelids.
  “ That’s what I thought,” she said.
  “What? Viola!”
  “ Oh, I meant them to think that. I
couldn’t think of any other way to make
them come home. It’s my duty to keep
them happy and contented, you know. The
letters will fetch them. And what with their
secret liking for you, they’ll love you as
soon as they make your acquaintance.”
  “ I am sure you meant well,” said Roy
kindly, but sadly. “ Though why you
think they should have any regard for me,
I cannot—”
  “ But they will,” she interrupted—“ that
is plain enough. My mother is romantic.
She is of ancient and exalted lineage, too,
so I described you according to her specifi-
cations for eligibility. I used the same
system on papa,” Viola continued. “ He
admires plain, practical, self-made men like
himself. I told him you were one.
  “ Whether these are lies or not depends
upon you, not me. All you have to do is
to be dashing, gallant, practical and busi-
nesslike—a perfect lover and a financial
genius. You’d be that now, if you had
any money, and I’ll show you how to get it.
  “ You wonder why I surprised them so
cruelly? Well, you see, my father doesn’t
like to travel, but he went to Europe with
my mother as a favor. She went to look
up the family records and ancestral estates
of her father. They’ve been there two
months, and she has found no family, no
lands, no records. Father was getting dys-
peptic and sarcastic. Mother was becoming
a nervous wreck, but would not give up.
  “ This news will fix everything. Papa
will get back to pie and buckwheat cakes
in time to save his health and disposition,
and mamma’ll be able to say that she could
have located her ancestors if she’d had
time.
  “ I didn’t want to take any more of my
father’s money, now, and I wanted to keep
our marriage from the general public until
you had time to get started; so I asked for
money and advertising. They’ll ait me off
and keep mum.”
  Roy shook his head wearily. “ I doubt
whether I shall ever understand you,
Viola?” he wondered aloud.
  “ Roy,” she said softly, “ happiness is
never bought except upon the installment
plan. You get the first part on approval—
then struggle the rest of your life to pay
for that and the remainder of the set.
  “ We met and loved. That was our trial
shipment. But to keep our happiness, and
344
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
complete it, a payment was due. I made it.
You have admitted that if I had acted dif-
ferently you would not have married me
now. I know that you would never have
done so. You would have drudged along
and worried over it a while, convincing
yourself that you were foolish to love me,
and that brown eyed bookkeeper would
have got you, the hussy!
  “ As for not telling my parents what an
ignorant, honest, good, foolish thing you
are—as for not telling them that you didn’t
know who I was—nobody could believe it
who didn't know you. So I didn’t men-
tion it.”
  “ You are more clever than I,” said Roy.
  “ I am,” she admitted—“ clever and
tricky. And a very useful liar. I can
guarantee to offset your open and honorable
silliness.”
  She again gave him her hand, and he
pressed it hard.
  “ There, now,” she said after blinking
rapidly several times. “ Let’s hurry. You
must take me home and begin to make your
fortune before dark.”
  “ Home? You mean the hotel?”
  “ Oh, yes,” she agreed. “ We must go
there first, to get our luggage. Then we
keep our tryst with Opportunity. Don’t get
excited, dear. I’m not taking you to the
family mansion.”
III.
  And, as it proved, she certainly was not.
Roy was surprised and unnerved as, carry-
ing two heavy traveling bags, he stood on
the sidewalk looking up at the place she
called “ home.” The more so as Viola had
so far refused to tell him what it was that
she wanted him to do.
  But it was not its distance above the
roadway which astonished him. No. A
San Franciscan thinks little of having his
front door fifty feet above the sidewalk. It
was the tall wooden house itself, and the
neighborhood, which made Viola’s choice
seem eccentric.
  It was a two-story building, eight sided,
with a door and two windows in each side
of the ground floor, three windows in each
side of the second story, and a pyramidal
roof surmounted by an octagonal cupola.
It was painted a grass green with white
trimmings.
  The knoll on which the house stood was
half a block wide at the base and sloped
so steeply that it was still forty feet wide
on its flat top. It stood squarely between
two streets, facing on a third. Yet, for all
its height a steeper hill rose higher just
behind it. The foundations of the tower-
ing tenements next door were as high as the
second story windows of the house on the
knoll. On the side where Roy stood, the
ground was level for three hundred yards
or more, all the way to the docks on the
bay.
  Though Roy had never been there before,
as many San Franciscans have not, he knew
that this North Beach district was a strange
place for Viola to live. A district of tene-
ments inhabited by hucksters, fishermen,
laborers and bootleggers. A district full of
hand laundries, macaroni factories; strange
odors of frying oil and crushed grapes, and
fish and garlic. This, from the crest of
the hills to the street at the foot of the
knoll. From there to the water’s edge—
warehouses and factories; docks and ships.
  Roy followed Viola through a tottery gate
in a wooden fence and up a flight of stairs,
half concealed in the luxuriant wild grass
which clothed the knoll, to the wide wooden
platform which encircled the odd house.
Here he dropped his burden and sat down,
panting, on the top step.
  Viola settled herself beside him, and, with
the house at their backs, they rested a mo-
ment, looking out at Telegraph Hill upon
the right, the heights toward Fort Baker on
the left, and straight ahead, the roofs, the
wharves, the ships, the narrowed neck of
the bay and beyond that, the purple hills
of Marin County marching down into the
Golden Gate.
  When she had got her breath Viola ex-
plained a little.
  “ This is my house, Roy,” she said, “ my
only dowry. It was left me by my grand-
mother. I furnished it and have been liv-
ing here with a servant ever since I have
known you. That’s why I never let you
take me home—afraid you would be offend-
ed by the neighborhood and quit me.
  “ I sent the girl back to father’s house
A FORTUNE HUNTING FOOL.
345
in Burlingame, by messenger, this morning.
She and her husband stayed here while we
were on our wedding tour. It is our only
property at present, and apropos of my re-
marks on happiness earlier this evening, I
think you may be interested to know that
even this geometrical love nest may not be
ours to enjoy without a struggle.”
  “ But isn’t it yours now?”
  “ Yes. But some one is trying to steal
the greater part of it.”
  “ Steal it?”
  “ Yes. The important part. The house
is worth nothing, practically. And the lot
is valueless in spite of the crowded locality,
because nothing worth while can be built
here until this knoll is leveled at tremendous
expense. The value here is all in the hid-
den treasure, and a man is trying to steal
that.”
 “Treasure!” Roy exclaimed. “Now,
Viola, don’t keep startling me this way.
Everything you’ve said to-day has been a
little more astonishing than the previous
statement. If it isn’t asking too much,
would you mind telling me about this house
and the treasure and the person who is
trying to steal it?”
  “ It is strange, isn’t it?” remarked Viola
cheerfully. “ First I’ll tell you about my
grandfather and this house which he built.
My mother’s father, I mean, the French
nobleman. He came here and built it dur-
ing the gold rush, gathered a fortune and
hid it without telling anybody, and then
died.
  “ The old nobleman’s end was tragic.
He passed away from concussion of the
brain sustained by falling off this roof while
attempting to raise a flag on the cupola in
memory of the second election of General
Grant. His last words were concerned with
the treasure, but he didn’t have time to tell
it all. He said: ‘ If you ever need money
look behind the old mop.’
  “ My grandmother followed this advice at
once. The only mop she knew of was one
in a broom closet beside the fireplace. She
looked behind that, even tore out the closet
and part of the chimney, but never found
the treasure. My mother has searched, too,
and I have, but we never found it. We
would have decided, perhaps, that there
had never been a treasure, if it were not
that this mysterious chap comes every so
often and tries to steal it.
  “ He came once, just before my grand-
mother died, and frightened her nearly out
of her wits before she drove him away
with a muzzle loading revolver. He came
once more when there was only a care-
taker in the house, and tried to break in at
intervals for nearly two weeks. However,
after being captured by the police and es-
caping again on the way to the jail, he dis-
appeared. Now, however, he is back again,
and to make it more certain than ever
that it is the treasure he is after, he acci-
dentally left a cryptogram, undoubtedly
written by my mother’s father, telling where
the treasure is hidden.”
  “ He did?” Roy exclaimed. “ Where is
it hidden, then?”
  “ I don’t know,” Viola admitted. “ I
haven’t been able to read the cryptogram.
That’s what I want you to help me with.”
  “ And you persuaded me to quit my job
so that I could help you search for it?”
  “ Yes.”
  “ I think, Viola, dear,” said Roy, “ that
this is the most senseless proceeding I have
ever heard of, but I assure you I shall enjoy
it immensely. We can live on the remnant
of my savings as long as possible, and hunt
this hidden hoard. When we are entirely
exhausted financially, and sure that we are
not to find any money I can go to work
again. By that time you will probably be
ready to return to your parents.”
He broke suddenly into loud laughter.
Viola was astounded at the bitter, hard
undercurrent of feeling in his voice. She
was hurt and dismayed that he failed to
believe in the treasure.
  “ I think we may as well go in,” she said.
IV.
  Despite the bizarre look of the exterior,
the inside of the house proved a cheery
place enough. Two sides of the big single
room which was the lower floor, were occu-
pied by the great fireplace, and the stair-
way to the upper floor. Only one of the
six doors seemed to be in use. The other
five were blocked by pieces of furniture—•
346
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
two heavy bookcases, a writing desk, a
cabinet phonograph, a grand piano. Divans
and window seats stood across the angles
under the windows and between the doors,
reducing somewhat the apparent size of the
enormous room.
Now, with polished floor reflecting the
light of the half dozen quaint ship’s lanterns
which, at Viola's direction, Roy lighted and
hung from hooks on the heavy ceiling beams
and the wooden pillar in the center of the
floor, its air was much more homely and
comfortable than he had expected. He
would have liked to examine the apartment
in detail, but Viola beckoned him to a place
beside her on one of the window seats while
she struggled to unlock the antique and
massive oaken escritoire with a tiny brass
key which Roy had noticed she wore like a
bangle on a strand of gold chain about her
wrist.
“ There,” she said as finally it yielded to
her struggles, “ please tell me what that
means.”
He stared at a slip of paper bearing the
words and design here reproduced:
Xvwy M~ffU // Wav'
KlUC/r irMoL£
Hop /LU eVAOf
tow V$£U.L-
\ OH
y&fi’AMW irwo y
fad OB IF /MU/^
TJK jr p/wr IF
MVM VvboL TILL
?A/£Rt* TWOFM
bAY TfiW VIlLick
l?ill, till /?a/? Av/^\ y
“But this is new paper!” he protested
instantly. “ And that writing is not more
than a few weeks old. The ink has barely
turned from blue to black.”
  “ Of course it isn't the original,” she re-
assured him. “ You can hardly read that,
it's so faded. This is a tracing I made. It
is absolutely accurate.”
  Roy still regarded the jumble of letters
with a frown of reluctant and perplexed
interest.
  “ What,” he again inquired, “ is the
meaning, if any, of this jagged line on the
left and the straight border on the other
side and the ends?”
  “ I drew it,” she said, “ and very care-
fully, too. It represents exactly the size
and shape of the piece of paper on which
the original was written. The left hand
edge of that was rough, uneven and shred-
ded. I think the note must have been writ-
ten on a page torn from a notebook.”
  Roy nodded, then laid the thing aside and
turned to Viola with the kindly yet patron-
izing air with which one explains to a child
that there cannot be a bear in the upper
hall.
  “ Xow, Viola,” he said. “ just why do you
attach such importance to this scribble?”
Viola sighed, as women must in dealing
with the slower if more logical sex, and
gave her reasons.
  •	“ It came to me from the hands of the
mysterious prowler. He missed it, came
back after it, and took it away with him
again. So it must be something valuable.
The value doesn’t show on the surface, so
it must be a cryptogram. I should think
you could see that. I know that it relates
to the treasure some way, and even if I
didn’t, there’s the word mop to prove it.”
  “ You got it from the prowler?”
  “ I did; but I don’t think he knows it.
The day I came to see about fitting this
house up to live in, I surprised an intruder,
a man. He saw me coming, that is, and as I
reached the top of the knoll he burst out
of the house through a door on the opposite
side and ran away. He left the original
of this note behind him. He couldn’t have
been in the house long, for the old man who
was taking care of the place for me was
pottering about upstairs and had seen no
one.
  “ I suspected the value of what I had
A FORTUNE HUNTING FOOL.
347
found; so I copied it and left the original
outside on the platform, making sure that it
couldn’t blow away. That night the watch-
man heard somebody trying to break in,
and in the morning the slip of paper was
gone.”
  “ That is different,” Roy admitted eager-
ly. “ I begin to think that you have some-
thing which, if not valuable, is at least the
key to a mystery.
  “ But I am afraid that this is only a por-
tion of the cryptogram. In fact, if the torn-
off part were restored, there might be little
difficulty in reading it. My theory is that
the other half of this sheet of paper is
concealed somewhere in the house. Your
nocturnal prowler knows that and is looking
for it. Now if he, with greater information
than we possess, cannot read the cipher nor
find what he is seeking it would be useless
for us to attempt it. I think the proper
thing for us to do is first capture your bur-
glar, then force him to divulge whatever in-
formation on the subject he may have.”
  Viola clapped her hands softly; but
dropped them into her lap as an objection
occurred to her.
  “ But we mustn’t call in the police, Roy.
I want to surprise everybody when we get
the money. And you mustn’t be reckless.”
  “ I shall be in no danger,” said Roy. “ A
person as timorous as he seems to be, can-
not be a man of great physical strength or
hardihood. Has he been trying to break
in lately?”
  “ Indeed he has. The people who have
been staying here say that he has not missed
a night in the last two weeks. They had a
system of strings connected to all the doors
and windows in this room in such a man-
ner that if any one of the cords was dis-
turbed it overbalanced a keg containing
several cowbells and caused it to roll down
the staircase from the second floor. They
were never able to catch the disturber, al-
though he was so persistent, forcing them to
get up several times every night to reset
their mechanism, that they were quite worn
out and ready to give notice when I relieved
them of their duties here.”
  “Ah!” said Roy, thoughtfully. “Of
course they could not catch him. The chap
was warned as soon as they were. Now
I	intend to let him think that you are
here alone. He will approach as boldly
as ever. I shall be in waiting and surprise
him. He cannot elude me; for I shall be
outside the house.”
  “ But suppose he has some coign of van-
tage near by from which he watches?” Viola
asked. “ He probably makes certain that
the coast is clear before he approaches.”
  “ That is most likely,” Roy agreed, “ but
hark!”
  They listened, and in a moment a dis-
tant, prolonged, hoarse bellow came faintly
to them from the west. He beckoned her to
the door and opened it. More loudly now,
carried by a cold, damp smelling wind, the
melancholy siren roared again.
  “ One of the outer stations sounding its
fog signal,” Roy told her. “ I think that
with this wind to carry it, the night will be
thick enough for our purpose within half
an hour. If you are not afraid I can pre-
tend to go now, while it is clear. As soon
as the mist is thick enough I shall creep
back.”
  Viola demurred somewhat at this plan,
chiefly, it seemed, because she was to have
little part in the excitement. But she did
agree, finally, stipulating that Roy was to
whistle a few bars of the Barcarolle from
“ Hoffman ” as a signal the instant the fun
started. Viola held the door wide for a
minute or two while Roy made an elabo-
rate farewell for the benefit of any specta-
tor. Then he clattered loudly down the
wooden steps while she went slowly inside.
V.
  Returninc through the fog after a swift-
ly circuitous walk through the back alleys
of the neighborhood, Roy was by no means
certain that he knew his way until at last
his outthrust hands encountered the damp
and spongy top rail of a fence. He recalled
then that there had been such a barrier
around the knoll, and climbed it. He went
forward even more cautiously now, through
damp, tangible dark, through grass that
soaked him to the knees.
  He could see nothing. At the fence the
street behind him where an arc light was
barely visible, but plainly audible, had
348
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
seemecl slightly less dark than the space
ahead. But before he had gone a dozen
paces, strain his eyes as he might, there
seemed nowhere the slightest graying of the
absolute murk. At the hundredth step,
twice the distance from the fence to the
bottom of the knoll, he knew that he was
confused; and halted.
  At once, now that his own movement had
ceased, there came to his ears the sound of
heavy breathing; the slither of clamp soles
on smooth, hard footing; and a hollow, in-
termittent bumping. All this was direcdy
in front of him, and so close that he auto-
matically recoiled a step from sheer sur-
prise. The next instant he rushed forward,
tripped, and sprawled on wet planks.
  The shuffling and bumping could still be
heard plainly, but now it was going from
him. Not in a normal manner, however.
The noise, exactly similar to that of a man
in tennis shoes kicking an empty keg along
a boardwalk, was mounting up into the air
in eerie style.
   Shuffle, shuffle, tunk!
  At first the boards on which Roy lay had
been vibrating in unison with it; but now
the sound was high above him.
  Roy started again, but more cautiously,
and again was stopped sharply, bruising his
shins against the stairway which led up the
knoll. He hastened upward, following the
noise. He stopped at the top to listen;
but heard nothing. He ascertained by feel-
ing that the nearest door and the dark win-
dows at each side of it were still securely
fastened, and moved on to the next faqet
of the house.
  Here also everything was secure. He
moved stealthily on. He was examining the
ninth^door when he remembered that the
building held eight only. He stopped to
consider the matter and was badly startled
when a sweet voice whispered, somewhere
in the night: “ Was that you, Roy?”
  Pawing nervously about him in the dark
Roy answered
“ Viola, Viola!”
  “ Oh, there you are,” came the reply
calmly. “ Where have you been?”
  “ Oh, all around. Where are you?”
    At my window, of course.”
  “ Oh.”
  “ What are you doing now?” Viola asked,
after a short pause.
  “ Why, I was thinking,” said Roy. “ I
was wondering where the fellow had gone.
Perhaps I’ve frightened him away.”
  Viola’s silvery response held just a hint
of impatience.
  “ Hardly. He went up on the roof.”
  “ On the roof? What is he doing there?”
“ / don’t know. You’re supposed to be
watching him. Why are you whispering?
Have you caught cold?”
  Roy spoke louder, but humbly still.
“ Won't he hear us talking?”
  “ He can’t. I think I can hear him mov-
ing about inside now. In the cupola. He
climbed up a ladder. I can’t understand
why you don’t know that. He made so
much noise carrying it that he woke me.
You must be right beside it.”
  “ Ouch!” exclaimed Roy. “ Yes, here it
is.”
  He had backed up in a futile effort to see
the roof and in doing so had struck his
head against the underside of the ladder,
whose foot was planted near the outer edge
of the walk.
  The feeling of futility which always op-
pressed him in Viola’s presence, the melan-
choly certitude that whatever he did would
probably be wrong, had been especially
strong during their last conversation. He
had sensed that she was again disappointed
in him. Here now was the opportunity to
do something on his own initiative. With-
out pausing for speech he trotted up,
crouched in the gutter of the roof long
enough to give the ladder a mighty kick,
and facing about, started to climb the slope
of the roof on all fours.
  Luckily the roof was not steep, for it was
very slippery. Roy reached the cupola
quickly, and clinging to the two comers, for
it was not more than five feet on a side,
rose on his knees to peer over a window
sill waist high above the roof.
  The window, hinged at top, was unfas-
tened and swayed at the touch of his nose.
But Roy did not enter at once; for there
was a light in the tower, and the scene he
beheld convinced him there was more to
gain by waiting a bit.
  The floor of the eight-sided room was two
A FORTUNE HUNTING FOOL.
349
feet below the roof. Front Roy’s point of
view the interior was like a pit, but the
purpose of the tower was made evident by
a three foot brass telescope, mottled with
verdigris, which hung from the ceiling by
an iron bar and adjustable gimbals, its big
end facing out to sea. However, Roy’s more
immediate interest centered in the dark, in-
distinct human figure who, stooping low,
was scrutinizing the rectangle of wall on
one side of the room below the window
frame.
  With his back to Roy and his face
pressed close to the figured wall paper, the
fellow was going over it inch by inch—
peering, feeling, prodding with his fingers,
rapping with his knuckles. Suddenly the
trespasser seized a thick piece of lighted
candle stuck on a bench against the wall,
and, moving it closer, fixed it firmly again.
Then drawing a daggerlike knife from his
waistband, he began to peel away the wall
paper from the center of the space he had
been investigating.
  Roy tilted the window inward with one
hand and lowered his leg over the sill. The
burglar, engrossed in his mysterious oper-
ation, did not notice the slight sound. Roy
was breathing fast with excitement. He
moved with the utmost stealth. From the
window sill he slid down until his feet
touched the floor. Crouching so slowly that
his knees creaked with effort, he swung the
window shut and bolted it.
  Certain that the stranger was about to
uncover the treasure, Roy planned to let
him do so, then force him to disgorge.
Though he did not waver in this determi-
nation, he began to wonder, as the mo-
ments passed, by what means he could ac-
complish his end. He saw, all but too late,
that the fellow was taller than he; also
inches broader in the back; and that the
huge, scarred hands plied the wickedly
sharp knife with ominous skill.
  Roy reflected that the sort of husband
Viola deserved could knock a burglar sense-
less with a blow of his fist. But Roy feared
that such a feat was beyond him. It sound-
ed difficult and he had never tried it. He
wished now that he had made a practice of
assaulting brawny strangers from time to
time, to get his hand in.
  He decided, with regret, to abandon the
heroic style. He reached upward to lift the
heavy telescope from its gimbals. A rusty
creaking attracted his attention toward the
floor. A trapdoor, the only means of enter-
ing the cupola from inside the house, rose,
groaning, three inches. Then it dropped
with a bang.
  The robber whirled at the sound, facing
Roy for the first time.
  He was wearing a pea-jacket with the col-
lar turned up to his ears, and his old,
flapped cap was pulled low. Yet Roy saw,
to his intense surprise, peering out from
under the cap, above the big, burly body,
the face of a man no longer young. The
eyes, though bright and quick, seemed sunk-
en under wrinkled lids. The cheeks were
flattened, bowed inward. The jaw was as
sharp as the corner of a board, and the
point of the projecting chin was frosted
with a silvery stubble.
  Roy had been ready to act, but the un-
expected quality of his foe caused him to
hesitate. The thought of striking a middle-
aged man under the ear with a twenty
pound telescope was one which offended
his sense of propriety. Instead he stood up
and started forward with the intention of
being gentle but firm.
  The prowler did not wait. With a snarl
of rage he flew into action of appalling
violence. Carried away, apparently, by un-
controllable passion, he dashed his fist
against the wall, actually sinking his hand
into it above the wrist. Roy halted invol-
untarily at this feat of strength, a sudden
weakness afflicting the pit of his stomach.
The burglar withdrew his fist and doused
the candle with a sweep of his free hand.
  The trap had been rising again before
the light went out, but it thudded shut
just as Roy was knocked off his feet and
flung aside by the intruder, who was rushing
toward the window.
  Roy’s only injury was that to his sensi-
bility. His feelings were hurt. He lost his
temper and his former scruples at the same
instant he lost his breath. He had no soon-
er struck the floor than he tried to rise, but
something held him by the ankle with a grip
like the jaws of a bear trap.
  One tug assured Roy that he could never
350
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
pull loose, yet such was his rage that he
ignored his suffering and, stretching out at
full length, groped fiercely. As the burglar
had just got the window open and was
passing out Roy’s fingers found and seized
the tail of the pea-jacket.
  Roy dug in his nails and gritted his
teeth. The burglar, cursing horribly, pulled
like a mule. Roy wondered, panting, who
would weaken first. .Meanwhile the strain
on his fingers and arms was becoming great-
er and greater as the miscreant gradually
developed his full drawbar horse power.
Also his cursing, in a hoarse yet high
pitched voice, was becoming truly frightful.
  At this juncture Roy experienced a new
and peculiarly excruciating twinge in his
ankle. It felt exactly as though some one
were sticking pins into him. He groaned
and spasmodically contracted his muscles
with the strength of frenzy.
  There was a ripping sound. A piece of
cloth came away in Roy’s hands, and he fell
slackly against the floor listening to a swift,
rushing sound, as the robber, so suddenly
released, tobogganed down the slippery
roof. The sliding noise ceased. Roy pic-
tured the body hurtling from the eaves off
into space. A single wild cry, faint with
distance, reached his ears.
VI.
  Roy was shocked by the sudden fate
which had overtaken the hoary desperado,
but he was granted no leisure in which to
philosophize about it. Another stabbing
pain in his ankle caused him to writhe
and cry out with an intuition born of ne-
cessity:
  “ Viola! Stop hurting me! You’ve caught
my foot in the trapdoor.”
  As he had suspected, Viola was close at
hand. She answered at once, icily:
  “ My name is Mrs. Jones, to you. The
sooner you tell me where the treasure is,
and the more respectful you are about it,
the sooner I shall release you.”
  “ But I’m Roy. The robber's gone.”
Viola retorted skeptically: “ Then whistle
the signal we agreed upon.”
  “ I can’t. He kicked me in the mouth
and my iips are swollen,” Roy informed her
after an ineffectual effort. “ Don’t you
recognize my shoe and sock?”
  There was silence for a moment, while
Viola examined the evidence, then the pres-
sure on Roy’s ankle was suddenly released.
The trapdoor flew open and Viola climbed
through it, earning a lamp. Roy’s first
glance at her was one of reproach, but his
sweet disposition immediately prevailed and
he smiled forgivingly.
  He related briefly his adventure, while
renewing the circulation in his foot, and as
soon as he could stand they hurried down-
stairs to look for the robber’s remains.
  It was a ghastly business—searching the
side of the knoll in the fog with only the
lamp to guide them, dreading to find the
thing they sought. They clung to each
other and spoke little, thinking soberly,
wondering whether they were entirely free
of responsibility for the fate of this their
fellow creature. It was not until they bad
scanned one whole side of the knoll from
top to bottom that they began to hope;
but when finally they reached the fence it-
self and made a complete circuit of the
knoll without stumbling over a corpse, they
turned to each other silently, entering each
other's arms, damp cheek against damp
cheek in wordless gratitude.
  A few minutes later found them again in
the watchtower. The candle still lay un-
lighted and the window through which the
robber had made his hurried exit was closed.
Viola went straight to the hole in the wall,
but after a moment's investigation she with-
drew her hand, blackened with dust, looking
both surprised and disappointed. Roy, too,
felt around in the hole, finding, oddly
enough, a perfectly smooth, empty recess
behind it about six inches square. He had
withdrawn his fist, slightly tearing the paper
at the edge of the opening when Viola bent
again to look at it.
  “ Why, no wonder he could put his fist
through it if he knew the right place,” she
cried—it’s nothing but paper!”
  “ But how did he know it?”
  “ I think,” said Viola, “ that the treasure
was there, and he knew it. He broke in
and snatched the jewels when you sur-
prised him, but until then he probably
intended to pull the paper away neatly and
A FORTUNE HUNTING FOOL.
351
paste it back again so that the patching
might pass unnoticed until he was beyond
pursuit.”
  “ But, jewelry?” exclaimed Roy. “ And
you think he got it?”
  “ If not in the form of jewelry, how else
could a treasure of great value be com-
pact enough to carry away in one hand?
Whether he got them or not I don’t know.”
  “ He must have,” declared Roy despond-
ently. “ It isn’t there now. Or perhaps
somebody beat him to it. For I don’t think
he could have got anything without my
seeing it.”
  “ But perhaps you did. Think hard. Try
to remember,” Viola persisted.
  “ Hum!” Roy ejaculated. He bowed his
head and placed his hands over his eyes
for a minute. Then he slowly looked up
again.
  “ Viola,” he said sadly, “ I guess the hunt
is over. After he made the hole in the wall
he put his hand into his pocket.”
  “ Which pocket?”
  “ His right hand coat pocket. Oh, why
didn’t the old villain break his neck! You
were right, Viola—it must have been a
jewel. And he’s got it—he’s—”
  “ I think not,” Viola interrupted. “ I’ve
been asking questions simply because I did
not want to be disappointed. Roy, tell me,
what is that?”
  Astonished, Roy leaned forward and fol-
lowed the direction of her stare. Then he
pounced upon something lying in the shad-
ow' against the wall.
  “ The piece of jacket I tore off. And
from the right side at that, with the pocket
in it!”
  He started to fumble at the flap, but
stopped quickly and handed the rag to
Viola. She accepted it and drew out at
once an extremely short stemmed corncob
pipe, blackened and stained and odorous,
which she placed on the bench beside her
as far away as she could reach. Next she
produced a small piece of plug tobacco,
which she placed beside the pipe. Then a
pocket notebook bound in brown calfskin.
But though she turned the pocket inside
out, it held no more.
  “ I was wrong,” said Viola, holding up
the notebook. “ It was this he came for,
not the treasure. This must be the key to
the cipher.”
  Roy dropped down beside her on the
bench while she opened the book and
flipped over the pages. All were blank. She
closed it and turned her bewildered eyes to
Roy.
  “ But look here, Viola—see here?”
He took the book from her and, opening
it again, pointed to the slightly protruding
ragged edge of what had been the first leaf.
“ See? He has torn out a page.”
Speechless, they stared at one another for
a moment.
  “ Oh!” cried Viola.
  They jumped up and side by side ran
down the stairs to the old writing desk.
The left edge of Viola’s copy of the cryp-
togram corresponded exactly with the rag-
ged ruffle where the page had been torn
from the notebook.
  “ It means something—but what?” Viola
remarked.
  “ I think,” Roy answered deferentially,
“ that it means he, like ourselves, was un-
able to read the cipher, but knew where
the notebook was, and came after it hoping
or knowing that it contained additional in-
formation. If I am right we are more than
even with him, for we are in possession of
the property.”
  “ But what shall we do?”
  Here at last Roy was not at a loss. His
extensive reading had made the proper pro-
cedure in such cases perfectly familiar.
  “ We must learn the secret of the cryp-
togram at once,” he declared. “ We must
try every method of reading it. Also, it is
more than likely that the seemingly blank
pages of that notebook have been written
upon with sympathetic ink. We must test
them. We had better try heating one por-
tion of each sheet, dipping another in dilute
acid, and washing the third with an alkaline
solution.”
  “ I could do that, I think,” Viola offered
eagerly. “ You try to decipher the cipher,
while I do the chemical experiments.”
  A coal fire had been laid in the grate,
and now Viola lighted it and busied herself
with toasting fork and trays of vinegar and
soda water. Roy sat at the writing desk.
He held a pencil in his hand poised over a
352
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
sheaf of clean white paper. With furrowed
brow he gazed alternately at the crypto-
gram and at an open copy of “ The Gold
Bug.”
VII.
  The fog had gone and the light of a new
day was beginning to dim the lamps when
Viola finished toasting the last page, and
Roy, gathering up an armful of scribbled
sheets, came to add them to the fire.
  “ I have found nothing,” Viola told him
wearily.
  “ Nor have I. It’s odd, too. I have tried
every method of reading ciphers that I ever
heard of, and some I invented, but none of
them worked.”
  “ How he expected grandmother to read
it, I don’t know.”
  “ The key to it all was behind the old
mop,” declared Roy. ,l Wherever that may
have been.”
  Viola nodded as he helped her to her
feet.
  “ Look,” she said, going to the eastern
windows—“ it is just growing light. We
have been up all night. I don’t think I
ever did such a thing before—except at a
party. I shall make some coffee and waf-
fles before we worry about this treasure any
more.”
  Roy did not answer. Convinced by the
events of the past evening that there really
was a treasure, his constitutional dread of
the future, his lack of confidence in his
own abilities had left him for a time.
Buoyed up by the thought that a great
stroke of good fortune was to befall him,
he had dreamed grand dreams. He had
always felt, secretly, that with a little cap-
ital to start him he could do great things in
business.
  Now, tired mentally and physically, at
the end of his resources, he thought blackly
of poverty, misery and dishonor. And yet,
this being the nature of mundane affairs,
within a few seconds he was to strike a new
scent.
  As Viola started upstairs to the kitchen
there was a single loud knock at the front
door. They were both nervous. They both
twitched at the startling sound, and Viola
only half smothered a scream. With irri-
table reaction Roy ran to the door, flung
it open and, seeing no one there, rushed
outside. A moment later he returned with
the morning paper in his hand.
 “ Ob,” said Viola, greatly relieved—
“ that awful newsboy. He always throws
it like that. Some mornings he wakes me
up. I thought that horrid man had come
back—or the police to arrest us for mur-
dering him. But of course I knew he wasn’t
murdered at all; I mean I just felt that way
because I was startled—”
  But Roy was not listening.
  “ Look at that,” he interrupted, pointing
to the top of the right hand column on the
front page of the paper. “ Just read that,
Viola.”
 It was, properly, an obscure hospital
item, and did not deserve its place. But
the editor had seen in it a chance to knock
the police department and rail at careless
motorists, two things he was keen on doing
just then; so he had rewritten the bald
report and given it a prominent position.
However, Viola’s interest was in the story
itself, which, with headlines omitted, ran as
follows:
    The victim of police laxity and inefficiency
  in curbing reckless driving, an elderly man
  was run down last night on the North Beach
  and spent several hours wandering in search
  of help before finding a patrolman.
   At the Emergency Hospital where he was
  brought in at eleven o’clock the victim, who
  gave the name of Sydney Cove, declared that
  he was struck down without warning while
  crossing Lombard Street near the Presidio and,
  painfully injured, made his way along the
  water front halfway to the Ferry Building
  without meeting a policeman.
    He cornered one at last near the foot of
  Telegraph Hill, Roundsman Daniel Grogan,
  who sent in the call for the ambulance.
   The victim's injuries were diagnosed as
  sprains and bruises of the right arm and
  shoulder, bruises and abrasions of the head
  and entire right side, and possible internal in-
  juries. He was unable to give the license num-
  ber or furnish a description of the machine
  that struck him, owing to the heavy fog;
  but the police, as usual, claim to have a clew.
   Cove gave his occupation as seaman and
  Australia as his home. His injuries are not
  considered likely to prove fatal.
 “ But,” said Viola, guessing at Roy’s
thought, “ this can’t be our man. He
                         2	A
A FORTUNE HUNTING FOOL,.
353
wandered for hours, it says, and he got hurt
out by the Presidio.”
  “ That’s what he told them,” Roy agreed,
“ but you noticed, of course, that he was
found within a few blocks of this house,
barely half an hour after our man fell from
the roof. I shall call on him at the hospital
to see, anyway.”
  Roy attempted to telephone for a taxi
after breakfast, but found the telephone
wires broken, which accounted for the bur-
glar’s miraculous escape from death, for he
must have fallen across them about half-
way to the ground, checking in a great
measure the force of his descent. Viola
contended that they would not be allowed
to visit the hospital at such an hour, and
that the street car was a conveyance better
suited to their financial status. Roy proved
unusually stubborn, though, and finally
went out to look for a public phone. Some
half hour later, as they rode luxuriously to-
ward the hospital, he explained his plans.
  “ While I was about it I called the stew-
ard at the Emergency, and asked whether
any one had come forward to befriend the
unfortunate Mr. Cove and remove him,
perhaps, to more homelike surroundings. I
was told that some one had done so, and
that the patient was to be removed where
he could be taken care of at this good fel-
low’s expense, at nine o’clock.”
  “ Some philanthropist? Do you know
who? Where is he going to?”
  “ Not a philanthropist, I am afraid. One
of Cove’s pals. They are taking this meth-
od of removing him from the observation of
the police. Once he leaves his present quar-
ters I doubt whether we should ever find
him again.”
  “ But what can we do?” Viola asked.
  “ It has been arranged,” declared Roy
darkly.
  Viola was greatly astonished at this evi-
dence of secretiveness and low cunning on
Roy’s part; but she would undoubtedly
have wormed his scheme from him if the
taxi had not come to a stop just then at
their destination.
  Roy got out, beckoned the driver, and
crisply telling Viola to wait, went into the
jail-like, highly odorous building.
  Ten minutes elapsed before they came
   3	A
out again, and Viola was becoming greatly
worried, not only by the constant motion
of the taximeter, but also by visions of
Roy under arrest. At last, however, they
reappeared, the chauffeur and a white jack-
eted hospital attendant staggering as they
carried the much bandaged and carelessly
dressed figure of a large and bulky man.
  Viola could only see one of this fellow’s
eyes and a part of each cheek, the rest
of his head and face being swathed in white
gauze; but from the startled, slightly blood-
shot stare with which he regarded her, and
the struggles he immediately began, she saw
that he recognized her. The fellow was not
crippled, but cleverly bound and gagged
with bandages. She suspected that Roy had
corrupted a public servant.
  Roy opened the door, the (im) patient
was placed tenderly upon a folding seat, and
Roy got in, grinning at Viola.
  The prisoner attempted immediately to
thrust his head out of the open window
to howl at some one on the sidewalk, but
Roy easily held him in place until the cab
had sped around a comer. Then, as though
realizing there was no hope of escape,
Cove settled back into his corner and de-
manded, in the weird jargon of the trans-
planted cockney, “ What’s yer gime, hi?
’Oo are yer? Wot the bladder o’ lard,
any’ow?”
  “ I want to know why you have been
breaking into our house,” Viola told him
firmly. She held up the copy of the cipher
and the notebook before his bulging eyes.
Unless you tell us all you know about the
treasure, we shall turn you over to the au-
thorities and charge you with housebreaking
and assault.”
  “ Yus, missus, ye’re at ’ome ’ere, an' I
am in a strynge land. Yer could land me
in the work’us if yer was minded. But ’ow
if I told yer? Wot would yer do wif me
then, hi?”
  “ I should return you to the hospital, of
course.”
  “ Ow I never ’eard of the bloomin’ treas-
ure before,” declared Cove sullenly.
  “ You know you did.”
  “ I never.”
  “ You’re lying.”
  “ Ow ’old yer blasted row!”
354
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
  “ Here, no more of that,” said Roy sharp-
ly. “ Viola, he doesn’t want to go back
to the hospital, of course. Now, old-timer,
keep your own counsel and go to jail, or tell
us what you know about this treasure and
go wherever you please. Speak up.”
  “ Missus,” whined Cove, “ I can’t go
’umpin’ me bluey abaht in this rig. Will
you an’ yer man hike out o’ this if I tells
yer? Will yer leave me to go in the cab
an’ not set the bobbies on ter me?”
  She nodded, after exchanging a glance
with Roy.
  Cove spoke eagerly. His manner was as
convincing as the circumstantial nature of
his tale. They did not wish to believe him,
but all the same they did.
  “ I’ve never read the note,” he began,
“ an’ weary the years I be’n tryin’ it on.
I was a lad just, but great pals with Dini-
vin. ‘ Syd,’ ’e says, 1 I’ve found a great
treasure hid. Share an’ share alike is the
lay, Syd, if you’ll help me when the time
comes.’
  “ It was up in the lookout where yer
found me last night that we was talkin’.
’E said somethin’ abaht wantin’ me to ’elp
’im dig it out an’ to be sure to keep it a
secret. Then he took the logbook yer ’ave
there out of ’is pocket an’ started tc write
into it. I remember plain as ’ow ’e says
’e was leavin’ a record abaht the treasure
ter pervide fer me an’ ’is fam’ly if ’e was
to be took off suddent.
  “ Every wunst in a w’ile ’e’d arsk fer the
spellin’s o’ a word, knowin’ that I’d be’n
eddicated. All in a blink, though, as yer
might call it, a murderin’ row started in
the taproom below.
  “ ’E took an’ shoved the book into that
cubby’ole I got it from larst night, an’
tumbled below to ’eave out the drunks. I
was afride ’e might ferget ’is promise, so
I ’ooked the writin’ from the book afore
I follered ’im.
  “ Strynge to s’y, I was shanghaied aboard
a ship that very night an’ took back to
Austrylyer. Nigh fifty years gone that was,
an’ swelp me if I’ve read ’is bloomin’ fist
yet. A sylor’s life if ’ard, missus, an’ ’e
carn’t be w’ere ’e likes. ’Tis seldom I’ve
made this port, but every time, seein’ as
Dinivin was dead an’ ’is fam’ly no friends
to me, I’d ’ave a try at gettin’ to the book
to see if there was summat in it I’d missed.
Larst night I mide it.”
  The old fellow stopped, sighed, and gazed
fixedly at the brown leather volume.
  “ Ain’t there nothen in there abaht it?”
  “ No,” said Viola, “ there is not. If
there had been, we would not have bothered
you. Roy, let us get out and leave this
man.”
  There was something like nausea in the
tightened expression of Viola’s pale lips,
something like pain in her clear eyes, and
so, though there were questions that Roy
wanted to ask, he stopped the cab and
helped her out.
VIII.
  “ Take me home, please,” Viola said,
slipping her hand under Roy’s arm when
the cab had gone, carrying away Sydney
Cove. “ And let’s walk. It isn’t far, and
I can think more clearly walking.”
  Roy was uncomfortably conscious that
Viola was troubled. Also that she did not
wish to confide in him.
  “ Shall I talk, or no?” he inquired after
they had walked a block without speaking.
  “ No. You must think,” she answered.
“ I want to talk. Roy, I—I am selfish. I
wish we had never heard of the treasure. I
hope we never find it. I wish that old
pirate had it—all of it. I know that I am
mean and wicked and selfish, but I can’t
help it.”
  Roy caught his breath. “ But, Viola—
why?”
  She looked up at him with troubled eyes.
  “ Roy, I can’t stand disgrace. But it
isn’t all for myself, truly. That Sydney
Cove is bound to demand his share; it will
leak out; we can’t keep it secret, and it will
simply kill my mother.”
  “ But what?” cried Roy. “ What dis-
grace?”
  Viola bowed her head.
  “ I hate to tell even vou,” she said; “ but
I will.”
  She began her explanation with a ques-
tion: “ Roy, doesn’t ‘ Sydney Cove ’ sound
familiar to you? Doesn’t it suggest the
same awful thing to you that it does to
me?”
A FORTUNE HUNTING FOOL.
355
  “ Why, no, I guess not.”
  “ Well, then,” she continued, “ think of
your San Francisco history. Don’t you re-
call the Sydney Cove in the days of the
Vigilance Committee?”
  “ Yes,” he assented excitedly. “ A lot
of Australian ruffians and bullies, were they
not, who robbed and murdered the citizens
until a few of*them were killed and the rest
driven away?”
  Viola nodded* and went on explaining.
  “ You see, then? This man is not, of
course, old enough to have been a member
of the original gang, but he is probably the
son of one of them. He must have been
given that name as a joke, and is either too
ignorant or loo brazen to want to change it.
  “ Now this ruffian, this descendant of ruf-
fians, was in my grandfather’s confidence.
I know from what he has told me that this
much was true. He knows my grandfather’s
name, De Novanne. He knows that our
home on the knoll was originally a tavern.
My mother has been very careful to keep
that a secret, too.
  “ The evidence is very clear to me that
the treasure is the bloodstained spoils of the
Sydney Coves, which they were unable to
take away when the Vigilantes came down
on them. What else could it be? Why,
otherwise, should my grandfather give part
of it to this rascally friend of his? And,
remembering this, can my grandfather’s
name be longer venerated? Can his mem-
ory be held sacred? Can my mother pride
herself now on her illustrious descent? Oh,
it is terrible.”
  “ It cetainly looks bad,” said Roy;
“ but—”
   If you can suggest any good reason
why an honest man should make a confi-
dant of that horrible old Cove I may begin
to hope,” she retorted quickly.
  Roy pondered a moment, then spoke
brightly.
  “ There is a reason. I knew I had one
if I could only think of it. Why, old Cove
himself explained that. He said your
grandfather called him in to spell—”
  •' That is ridiculous.”
  “ How is it ridiculous?”
  Viola held her chin very high and looked
at him from the corners of her eyes.
  “ Do you think it likely,” she returned,
“ that a man who could invent such an in-
genious cryptogram would require the as-
sistance of a Sydney Cove in writing it
down?”
  “ It isn’t likely, I admit that,” Roy ar-
gued; “ but it’s possible. He might be as
brilliant as anything, and still a little hazy
on spelling. Lots of people are. I am.
Besides, look at the words. I never heard
of most of them before. I bet Shakespeare
himself—”
   Viola’s response was a trifle tart.
  “ The best way to dispose of this sense-
less argument, and explain to you why my
grandfather was never suspected of any-
thing like this before, is to tell you his
story. You are a member of the family
now, and should know it, of course.”
  “ He was touring the world and happened
to be on his way here when the gold rush
started. He stopped off here and let his
ship go on, while he visited the gold dig-
gings. Then he met my grandmother, the
Senorita Ynez, the belle of her father's
rancho near San Jose. They fell in love;
they eloped; they were married with the
dust cloud raised by her relatives’ horses
approaching like the wind.
  “ Just as the American alcalde and jus-
tice of the peace concluded the ceremony
the enraged relatives burst in upon them,
led by a man who had once been my grand-
father’s friend and later his rival for the
hand of the fair Ynez.
  “ My grandfather drew a derringer and
wounded his rival. He was prepared to
fight to the death, but Ynez shielded him
with her body, and the bystanders inter-
ceded for the lovers. Her father’s angry
protests and exclamations made something
clear to my grandfather which he had not
understood before. The family’s objections
had all been due to the lies of the wretched
rival.
  “ Seeing that his own suit was hopeless,
he had tried to discredit my grandfather.
He had told Don Alfonso, Ynez’s father,
that my grandfather was an ignorant Irish
sailor named Donovan, who had deserted
his ship in San Francisco, because he was
too lazy to work.
  " My grandfather was furious when this
356
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
preposterous charge was made to him. His
hot Latin blood boiled. If not restrained,
he would have slain his rival with a bowie
knife. The wounded man was allowed,
however, to creep away and hide until his
wounds might heal, but, cowardlike, he fled
the country and was seen no more.
  “ Don Alfonso was soon shown his error.
My grandfather’s polished manners and gal-
lantry alone proved him no common man.
He told of the ancient glories of his name,
De Xovanne. He described his ancestral es-
tates in the sunny Midi, mentioned his edu-
cation in Paris, and then, when the old don
begged his pardon, spurned such a belated
approval and announced that he was taking
his bride to France.
  “ Ynez, her mother, and the old don
wept, entreated, and implored him. De
Xovanne relented. He gave up his honors
and estates abroad and settled here in Cali-
fornia, never to return.”
  Roy murmured something appreciative,
but avoided Viola’s eye.
  “ I don’t blame her now,” he said to
himself. “ I can understand how she came
to write those letters now, and the way
she deceived me. It’s inherited, and she
can't help it. Whenever a crisis comes up
the spirit of that old grandfather of hers
enters into possession of her mind and she
just tells a gorgeous lie. I wish I knew
how to commune with the dear depart-
ed—there’s a thing or two I’d like to ask
her ancestor’s rival.”
  He turned again to Viola.
   Was your grandfather’s command of
the English language as perfect as that of
his native tongue?”
  “ Indeed it was. My grandmother, who
spoke English imperfectly, told me that his
Parisian accent was so slight that no stran-
ger ever took him for a Frenchman. He
did not like English, though, and never used
it in writing.
  “ He wrote ordinary letters in French,
my grandmother said, even to her, when he
was away for a day or two, although she
could not read them, and had to wait until
he came back and translated. In making
notes for his own use he preferred Sanskrit
or Hebrew.”
  “ How interesting,” said Roy. “ I would
like to see some of his manuscript if you
have any lying about at home.”
  “ We have none.”
  “ But his letters?”
  “ It was a custom of his to tear his letters
up as soon as he had translated them.”
  “ I see,” said Roy.
  He had got the information he wanted,
and suddenly became very quiet and
thoughtful. Although Viola did not want
to find the treasure, he felt more desirous
of doing so than ever. He saw that the
only real evidence of her grandfather’s in-
nocence, or his guilt, was the treasure itself.
Though Sydney Cove’s lack of information
had been very disappointing, he had given
Roy the germ of an idea. Viola had helped
it grow. Roy’s success in finally capturing
Cove had gone to his head. He wanted to
get the treasure and read the cryptogram
for the sake of the financial gain, to re-
trieve, if possible, Viola’s family honor, and
last and very far from least, he wanted to
do it just to show that he could. The
strange part of it was that suddenly the
thought came to him that he knew just how
to go about it.
IX.
  It was nearly noon when they got home.
Roy kept his thoughts to himself until after
luncheon.
  “ Viola,” he said, when they had finished
wiping the dishes, “ you look tired, dear. I
would suggest that you take a nap. I will
take the cryptogram up into the tower and
try a little Greek or perhaps Czech on it.
I	have made up my mind that your fears
on the score of your grandfather’s charac-
ter are groundless. To prove that, how-
ever, I must read the riddle and find the
treasure.
  “ I think I could have done it before,
but I was not aware of the extent of your
ancestor’s erudition. The language in which
a cipher is written is, naturally, of the great-
est importance in its translation. I see now
that your grandfather knew one language
which I did not try out last night.”
  “ Oh,” cried Viola, her face lighting up
at once with rekindled hope and pride.
“ Oh, Roy—if you can prove my grand-
father innocent, I shall love you.”
A FORTUNE HUNTING FOOL.
357
  “ Very well,” Roy told her, rather calm-
ly, considering the circumstances, “ I’ll go
up, then. Good-by for an hour or two.”
  “ Good-by, dear,” she cried, and, as he
ascended, she stood watching him, her face
aglow with smiles. As his shoulders disap-
peared through the trapdoor, Viola called
to him again:
  “ Roy, what language is it that you didn't
use last night?”
  He couldn’t have heard her, for he sprang
suddenly into the tower and slammed the
door down without answering.
  Now, Viola possessed a certain trait often
observed in capable people, and this trait
is difficult to classify, for accordingly as it
controls or is controlled by the possessor
it may be either a weakness or a source of
strength. Without vanity or egotism, she
instinctively assumed supervision of and re-
sponsibility for everything which occurred
or was done in her circle. She had taken
her parents in charge before she was able
to talk, and one of her principal reasons for
marrying Roy was that she saw he needed
a manager. Add to this a usual amount of
feminine curiosity and you can understand
Viola’s feelings on this occasion.
  She climbed slowly to the second floor,
frowning a little. She hesitated a moment
at the door of her room, and finally
very softly went to the cupola stairs and
started upward.
  Meanwhile Roy was exercising powers of
analysis which he had not known that he
possessed.
  “ If,” he thought, “ Viola had seen fit to
tell me sooner that her grandfather was an
Irish bartender, I might have solved this
puzzle long ago.”
  He ran his fingers through his hair, star-
ing hard at the cryptogram.
  11	Irish dialect,” he muttered, “ spelled
phonetically without knowledge of the sense
of it all by an Australian cockney, and then
written down by an illiterate. I must re-
verse the process, and, allowing for illiteracy
and cockneyisms, convert this scrawl into
the spoken brogue. Hum-m-m.”
   He made several false starts, but at last,
with a flash of inspiration, crossed out the
two fragments of names and the tally marks
following them.
   “ I'll bet,” he soliloquized, that those are
the names of two of his customers and the
score of the drinks they owed him for. He
probably, wrote this note on the same page,
innocent of the desire to puzzle any one.
  “ Now—‘ won luck it hole mop.’ In Hi-
bernian—wan luke ut hole mop? Wan
luke ut hole mahp? I suspect Cove’s influ-
ence in that ‘h.’ Wan luke ut ole mahp?
Hot dog! One look at old map. The old
‘ mop ’ was the old map all the time. But
what is next?
  “ I'll shoe sow hell on say— Let’s try a
running jump at it. Wan luke ut ole mahp
ill shoe sow hell on say—one look at old
map will show sow hill on sea! Fair
enough, I’m getting the swing of it now.”
He bent over the sheet, muttering rapidly
and writing his translation as he went. At
the ninth line he stuck, and to help get
the sense of it he shut his eyes and chanted
aloud: “One look at old map will show
sow hill on sea. One jab at muckstick at
point of arrow wool till were two fine—
aha! will tell where to find.”
  He fell silent again and started to scrib-
ble, but sprang to his feet as the trapdoor
flew open and Viola confronted him.
  She snatched the two slips of paper, the
cryptogram and its translation.
  “Ah!” she said with a little sigh when
she had had time to understand just what
they meant. “ So he was an Irishman—
not a Frenchman. He could not even read
and write. And—and he was a thief.”
  “ Why, no,” Roy protested, “ I don't
think he was a thief at all. Look at the
last two lines of the cryptogram. Don’t
they give you any hope?”
   “ But I can’t read it.”
  “ Well, let’s see—I think it should be
pronounced like this, haythin relics—sell
till Bamum.”
  “ Heathen relics? Sell to Bamum? But
what has that to do with the treasure?”
  “ I think,” Roy replied, “ that the
heathen relics are the treasure. Phineas T.
Bamum, you must remember, was a con-
temporary of your grandfather. Doubtless,
these relics are objects suitable for Bar-
num’s famous museum. I think that now
we can look for the treasure with our minds
at rest, for heathen relics are scarcely the
358
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
sort of booty hoarded by the Sydney
Coves.”
  “ That sounds reasonable,” Viola agreed.
“ You have certainly relieved rtjy mind of
a great weight. It is a blow, of course, to
learn that my grandfather was not a French
nobleman; but on second thought I think
I am prouder of him than ever. Ordinary
noblemen are born that way and can’t help
it. He raised himself to the nobility and
fooled the world. If I am to be the de-
scendant of a liar I am glad it is a first class,
stupendous, epic liar. I hate a miserable,
crawling, half hearted person. Now tell fne
where the treasure is.”
  “ Oh,” protested Roy, modestly, “ I
thought that you understood the crypto-
gram! I was afraid you might think me
presumptuous if I tried to explain it.”
  “ H-m! Well, we won’t quarrel about
that. I have read it, and made my own
deductions. You go on and tell me what
you think. That ’11 sort of clear my mind
and may possibly give me an idea.”
  “ It’s like this,” said Roy. “ Mr. Dono-
van advised his wife to look behind the old
map, but she thought he said ' old mop ’
and was consequently thrown off the trail.
Then the cryptogram mentions the map as
the key to the hiding place. ‘ One look at
old map ’ and so on. Again, ‘ one jab of
muckstick ’—a shovel—‘ at point of arrow.’
Meaning, I suppose, an arrow drawn upon
the map. Find that map and you’ve got the
treasure.”
  “ Yes,” said Viola, heatedly, “ find the
map. This is the most maddening thing
I’ve ever heard of. We’re no nearer success
than when we started. If there ever was an
old map around here it has been lost years
and years ago. Oh, I wish I’d never—”
Viola stopped short and calmed herself.
“ Roy,” she said, “ just because you have
more brains than I you tease me into a
temper. If you don’t stop it I’ll never for-
give you.”
  “ My dear—” Roy began.
  She jumped up and seized his hair with
both hands. “ Tell me where that map is,”
she demanded.
  “ I don’t know,” he protested.
  She released him reluctantly. “ But you
know something,” she declared.
  “ I don’t know where the map is,” he as-
sured her, “ but I’ll tell you where I think
it is. Your grandfather said: ‘ Look behind
the old map.’ For what? I think it was
for the notebook which contained the note
explaining the map. You remember Syd-
ney Cove was peeling the wall paper off
with his knife before I—”
  But Viola was already kneeling on the
floor, looking at the hole in the wall.
  “ It’s there. It’s there,” she cried.
“Lend me your knife! Hurry up! My
goodness, grandfather never disturbed the
book, I guess, after he hid it here, and died
thinking the note was still in it. Then,
nobody knows how long after, they papered
this room, and finding the old map appar-
ently stuck on the wall, simply covered it
up. Oh, give me that knife!”
  It was stained with paste, and tom, but
not difficult to read, for it was a crude and
simple chart drawn to a large scale with
heavy lines. In the upper right hand cor-
ner was a cross, marked on its arms with
the points of the compass. In the center of
the design was a circle outlined with short,
radial pen strokes so that it looked like a
moldy biscuit. A heavy, wavy line like an
angleworm crawled diagonally across the
paper passing near the biscuit, accompanied,
on the side farther from the fuzzy circle,
by parallel hair lines. A conventionalized
arrow transfixed the angleworm and rested
its point against the biscuit. The latter
was labeled: “ Sow Hell,” and among the
hairs appeared the word “ Say.”
  “ This knoll is Sow Hill,” Viola explained.
“ My grandfather used to keep pigs. The
map is very old and, as it shows, when it
was drawn the knoll was at the edge of the
beach. The tidal flats have been filled in
long ago and covered with buildings. The
arrow touches the hill on the north side,
doesn’t it?”
  “ Yes. But look at this thing like a lad-
der, drawn in pencil. And here he has
written ‘ tint stip.’ We are to dig under the
stairway up the knoll, at the tenth step from
the bottom.”
X.
  Passers-by in their street that afternoon
observed the activities of Roy and Viola
A FORTUNE HUNTING FOOL.
359
with indifference, or with kindly tolerance
for their feverish industry, but with little
interest. Almost any amount of excavation
in a front yard passes unnoticed in San
Francisco, for it is as much of a patriotic
duty there to raise a flaunting garden and
astonish tourists as it is for a native to
wear short pants and yodel at intervals in
Switzerland. Front yards in that city are
usually of the upright variety, anyhow, so
if the hole is too deep for a flower bed you
naturally suppose the fellow is digging a
garage.
  Viola crouched upon the eleventh step
watching eagerly and giving advice. Roy,
collarless, coatless, hatless, toiled stubbornly
with a shovel. Down through a thin layer
of soil he dug, then with increasing difficulty
through a hard packed layer of oyster shells.
Perhaps a foot of these, and then, with a
shout, he uncovered the end of a plank.
  An indecorous dance by Viola. Mighty
deeds with the shovel. He had revealed the
upper portion of a door and its frame set
into the slope like the entrance to a tunnel.
  Out with the lower nine steps. Twenty
minutes more hard labor. A slight delay
to pry off the staple of a rusty padlock.
Then they dragged the door open.
  The sunlight did not enter more than a
foot, showing a bit of rough gray wall, a
strip of sandy floor and nothing else. Black
darkness faced them.
  Roy struck a match impatiently, and
cuddling the flame in his cupped hands,
went slowly in. Viola clutched his elbow
and followed. Ten steps, twenty steps.
  “ Some tunnel, Viola.”
  Then Viola started and turned back.
  There was a confused movement behind
her at the mouth of the tunnel. The harsh
grating of the rusty door hinges was fol-
lowed by a crash as the light of day was
completely shut out. Roy swept his arm
around Viola's shoulders as she screamed.
They blinked at the incandescent disk of a
flash lamp.
  A harsh, familiar voice warned: “ Turn
yer back, me lad, an’ ’ist yer hands.”
  “ Sydney Cove,” Viola whispered.
  “ How do you get like that?” demanded
Roy hardily. “ Open that door. Clear
out.”
   “ ’1st yer ’ooks!”
  The command, this time, was peremptory
and savage.
  Viola turned to Roy anxiously. He did
not look like the man she had married now.
His brows were knotted. His head and
hands were thrust fonvard. His shoulders
slouched loosely. The line of his bowed
back was as tense as that of a crouching
cat. She found herself unable to utter the
command that had been ready on her lips.
Roy sprang at the light.
  For a second it was blotted out. Then
it flew upward in an eccentric orbit and
whirled down to the floor. Now its reduced
beam pointing away from Viola displayed a
thicket of moving legs and feet. Feet and
legs that whirled lightly, strained heavily
and slowly, stamped hard.
  The tunnel boomed and seemed to rock
with a tumult of shouts, with blows, with
grunts and hard drawn breaths.
  Viola cowered against the wall, her knees
pressed together, her elbows tight to her
shaking sides, her hands unconsciously
clasped across her mouth.
  Sometimes she saw hands, or faces, or
trodden bodies down upon the floor. Once
she saw Roy’s face, dreadfully distorted as
he fell or was flung down. But while the
sobs tore her throat in sympathy and her
muscles strained with his, he fought up
again. Yet it was not more than a minute
or two until, crouching on the ground, her
knees having failed her, her face hidden in
her hands, she heard her own gasping
breath, suddenly loud, in silence. She
sprang up, startled, and in the light of the
recovered flash lamp she saw Roy’s face
again.
  He was bruised and battered. His shirt
was tom from his shoulders. A dark trickle
barred his upper lip from nostril to mouth.
His thin bare chest rose and fell jerkily,
pumping hissing breaths between his bared
teeth. But his eyes still shone fiercely and
the straining muscles knotted and quivered
on his lean arms and neck.
  Two men were holding him. In the
fainter edge of the nimbus surrounding her
husband’s countenance she could see their
dark, rough hands clasping his wrists, and
the coarse sleeves of their coats. Just a
360
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
suggestion she caught of swarthy or tanned
faces. The burly silhouette of the man who
directed the light was unmistakable. It
was Sydney Cove, and if other means of
identification had been lacking, his croaking
voice was raised again.
  “ G’blimey, ye’ve ’ad yer needin’s now,
I ’ope? Another start like that ’ere an’ I’ll
do yer in, I will. I carn’t be ’avin’ me
tripes trompled at my age! ’E’s a tarrier,
mates, ’old to ’im.”
  He turned slowly and swept Viola with
light.
  “ Ah, yeou!” he said, petulantly. “ More
trouble no a bit, ye’ve been.”
  “ You nasty old thing! ” rejoined Viola
with returning spirit. “ Go away.”
  “ Not likely. Back up. Let’s see wot
we ’ave ’ere.”
  “ You shan’t come in.”
  Cove merely grunted at this and ad-
vanced upon her with one hand out-
stretched. She recoiled with a swift shud-
der, and step by step retreated before him.
  It was not far she had to go. She had
been standing practically at the end of the
tunnel on the threshold of a small room hol-
lowed from the hill. It was no more than
six feet high by ten square. As Viola
brought up against the rear wall and stood
pressed against it, Cove’s searchlight swept
the rough gray sides and ceiling swiftly.
  Bare it was, and save for the minute
and intricate tracery of silvered lines on
every side where generations of snails had
left their spoor, it might have been newly
dug. A cellar waiting to be stored.
  There was a disappointed mutter from
Cove’s companions and even he whispered a
surprised oath. But he had regained his
self-possession immediately.
  “ ’Old ’ard,” he cried. “ Watch yer man.
I knows wot’s wot, don’t I?”
  With occasional quick flirts of the light
to assure himself that Viola held her place
he went peering and prying around the
walls. To and fro with the light upon the
ceiling. To and fro across the floor. Four
pairs of eyes watched his progress with
equal intensity.
  At last he stopped and stood still in the
middle of the floor, staring down; the bright
cone of light including his feet in its base
and rising to meet his lowered hand. Suck-
ing a sharp breath he dropped to his knees.
He supported his weight with his hands
and stooped his face within an inch of the
ground. He puffed gruntingly, blowing
little clouds of dust.
  “ Mates,” he called, “ see wot’s ’ere, will
yer?”
  Dragging their prisoner they scuffled to
him. Even Viola stepped a pace forward
and bent to look. Carved rudely in the
earth floor, but unmistakable now that the
dust no longer filled its slight hollow, they
saw an arrow, its point at the foot of the
rear wall.
  “ ’Ere,” said Cove, drawing his knife and
playing the light along the blade, “ see it,
young fightin’ cock? No tricks, mind yer.
Loose ’im, mates. Ye’ve work to do.”
  So it was that Roy and Viola saw the end
of their treasure hunt standing side by side,
as prisoners. A candle stuck hastily in a
shovel scar on the wall gave the only light,
while Cove, with Roy’s own shovel and the
other pair with knives, attacked the wall.
  Long, long it seemed they stood and
watched the growing heap of rubbish and
listened to the thud and rasp of the shovel,
to the heavy breathing of the workers.
  At first every other moment brought an
exclamation from one of them as they held
up small objects for inspection in the candle
light. But after a time silence fell upon
them and at last they began to grumble.
Then at a word from one of his helpers
Cove cursed and struck him.
  The grumbler’s knife flashed up wicked-
ly, but the other caught his arm, and while
they struggled Cove darted forward and
struck the weapon from the fellow’s hand.
Then, as Roy crouched, seeing his chance to
spring, as Viola flung her weight upon his
arm to stop him, came faintly from the
outer air the inflected whistle of a bosun’s
pipe. It sounded three times, and Cove and
his companions answered it instantly.
  Before Roy and Viola realized what was
happening the trio had fled down the tun-
nel, shot one by one through the bright
rectangle of the suddenly opened door, and
slammed it shut behind them.
  Roy snatched a shovel and sprang after
them. The door held against his first thrust.
A FORTUNE HUNTING FOOL.
361
He hurled himself upon it headlong. With
a crash the hinge bolts tore from the rotted
door post, and Roy staggered out into the
sunlight.
  In the street a black touring car with
side curtains in place was gaining speed in
low gear. Cove, clinging to a door, ran
frantically and scrambled in.' With a roar
and a slide the machine took a corner and
headed for the water front.
  A policeman on the other side of the
street seemed to be the cause of their sudden
departure. He had halted his leisurely
stroll and now shouted an inquiry as to
the reason for the commotion.
  Roy wiped the blood from his face with
his sleeveless biceps, glanced quizzically at
Viola, who stood pale and still frightened
in the mouth of the tunnel, and replied gay-
ly, “ Oh, nothing much, officer. Just a little
fun between friends.”
  The patrolman drew down a long upper
lip, twinkled a blue eye and strolled on.
  “ But, Roy, you’d better tell him,” said
Viola, as he came to her, “ they might come
back.”
  “ No.”
  “ Why not?”
  “ Because there is no treasure here to
steal, and now they know it. Come, I’ll
show you.”
  Back in the underground room again Roy
held the candle above a heap of rubbish.
Some shards of coarse pottery were there,
some arrow heads of black obsidian, a stone
mace with a crumbling wooden handle at-
tached by a thong.
  “ The ‘ heathen relics.’ This is what your
grandfather found. Barnum might have
made a good thing out of them—we can’t.”
XI.
  Viola watched Roy as he gathered up
the scattered planks and replaced the steps.
She thought him strangely silent, oddly
grim.
  “ Figured out how those relics got there?”
he asked her suddenly.
  “ Why—why, no.”
  “ Shell mound,” he told her. “ There’s
another one bigger than this on the Oak-
land side of the bav. More than that, may-
be, I don’t know. Indians made ’em. Dug
clams and oysters out of the beach, you
see, and ate ’em on shore. The whole tribe
ate all their meals at the same place every
day. Let shells lie where they fell. A messy
outfit! Three or four hundred years and
they had a mound like this one. Careless
beggars with their tools and weapons, I
guess. Anyhow, the mounds are loaded with
’em. No money in the stuff. Ever try sell-
ing this property?”
  “ It can’t be sold,” she told him mourn-
fully. “ The location would make it valu-
able if it were not for the prohibitive cost
of leveling this knoll. That would be neces-
sary before building anything worth while.
The house of course is worthless from a
buyer’s point of view.”
  “ That’s what I thought.”
  Setting his lips in a thin line he spiked
the last step down savagely. He picked up
his coat and his tools and motioned toward
the house.
   “ Let’s go in.”
  Viola was frankly exhausted with excite-
ment and lack of sleep. She went to bed
immediately. Roy, still taciturn and unlike
himself, disdained to follow suit. She left
him, still in his ragged shirt, smoking a hor-
rid pipe and staring dreamily through a
window out at the bay.
  He called her for supper, but she refused
to get up. At ten o’clock that night, though,
she awoke again to hear him marching like
a sentry in the big room downstairs.
  It worried her, and after a bit she came
down to him, through a blue haze of tobacco
smoke, and tried to express some of her
contrition for leading him on to such a bit-
ter disappointment.
  He stopped her brusquely, with his palm
across her lips.
  “ Huh! I wouldn’t have missed it for a
million bucks,” he declared.
  He stepped away from her, his eyes shin-
ing, a grin on his lips.
  “ I’m a fighter, d’you know that? I
didn’t until I got into this. Maybe I never
would have but for you and that Sydney
Cove. I love that old crook like a brother! ”
He stepped forward suddenly with his
left foot; shot out a straight, stabbing left
362
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
 fist; and ducking made the air sing with
 a right hook to the jaw of an imaginary
 opponent.
    “ Viola,” he cried, gloating, “ didn’t you
  see me knock that big guy flat? Kid, I
  surely smacked that boy. They got me
  down, but they couldn’t keep me there. I
  got a punch, girl. I pack a wallop.”
    Viola stared at him, dazed. He slapped
 her shoulder exuberantly, with a hearty
 force that staggered her, beaming at her
 with vulgar delight.
    “ Go on to bed, kid,” he ordered; “ don't
  stand there, you bother me. I’ve got to
  think.”
    Viola went silently to the staircase. Start-
  ing to ascend, she looked back at him. He
  was pacing up and down the room with long,
  forceful, graceless strides. One hand was
  . thrust into his trouser pocket; with the
  other he was deliberately standing his hair
  on end, pulling it over his eyes. His gaze
  was fixed upon the floor. His cheeks were
  flushed. Already he seemed to have forgot-
  ten her.
    Slowly Viola mounted the stairs and en-
 tered her room. Slowly she sank upon the
 bed and buried her face in the pillow.
   “ What have I done? Oh, what have I
 done?” she murmured.
    Roy did not sleep at all that night, ap-
  parently, yet he was not haggard, she
  thought, the next morning, looking at him
  cautiously over her breakfast orange. His
  bruises had turned a shade or two darker, on
  his cheekbones, and there was a lump on
  his left jaw, but he bore them without
  self-consciousness or regret. His conversa-
  tion, when he finally roused from his ab-
  straction, was even more remarkable than
  his actions.
    “ How long will it take your parents to
 get here?” he began.
    “ About three weeks, I think. Perhaps a
 little less. I suppose they have my letters
 now.”
   Roy nodded.
    “ Call it two weeks. We can be settled
 by then if we don’t waste time.”
    “ Settled?” Viola ventured.
    “ We can’t stay here,” he argued; “ no
 place for you to entertain. No conveni-
 ences. Bum neighborhood. We can afford
 a decent house, not too large. Out at In-
 gleside, say—something like that. We may
 move down the peninsula afterward, but for
 the present, while this treasure hunt is oc-
 cupying my time, we had better stay near-
 by.”
  “ Treasure hunt?”
  “ Perhaps it would be more correct to
call it a gathering or harvest of treasure.
Of course the hunting is over. Now we
simply haul it away and sell it.”
  Viola pushed away her plate. Her lips
quivered, yet she heroically restrained her
emotion so as not to excite him. “ It’s all
my fault,” she said to herself. “ Before I
married him he was kind, gentle, sympa-
thetic, and sane. Now look at him. I’ll be
good to him and maybe he’ll recover; but
I’ll never feel the same about living with
him again.”
  She tried to meet his eyes, but could not.
“ What’s the trouble? Aren’t you hun-
gry?” he asked.
  “ Yes, yes.”
  “ Then, why don’t you eat?”
  “ I—I—I will! Ha, ha! Of course.”
  “ I don’t mean to criticize,” said Roy
after a short pause, “ but your manner
seems odd this morning. Don’t you feel
well? Is there anything troubling you?
Perhaps you think I don’t know how to
handle the treasure as well as you do?”
  “ Oh, no, no. I mean yes, indeed,” Viola
answered. “ You know what is best. Isn’t
it nice it’s so simple You just haul it
away and—and sell it?”
  ‘ Yep. Imagine your family living all
this time right on top of a gold mine. A
regular hill of treasure.
  “ Of course the excavating will inter-
fere with this house in a day or two, so we
must find a new home. Perhaps you’d
rather rent than buy, though?”
  “ I—I think so, just at present.”
  “ Well, then, you go house hunting after
breakfast. I shall be busy seeing the truck-
ing companies and arranging with the au-
thorities for men to do the digging.”
  “ What?”
  “ You don’t think I’m going to dig and
haul away this whole knoll myself in two
weeks, do you?”
A FORTUNE HUNTING FOOL.
363
  “ No, no, I didn’t mean that. But
mightn’t it be more fun to sell the treasure
by the—well—by the piece?”
  Roy laughed long and heartily.
  “ It would take centuries.”
  Viola considered this a moment. She
must be cautious. He talked connectedly
enough, but there was the treasure. What
treasure? And buying a new house!
  “ I don’t feel like house hunting to-day,”
she said finally. “ I can do it to-morrow
—if you haven’t changed your mind.”
  “ Very well,” Roy agreed. “ Now do you
wish to sell me this property or trade it to
me for a good house, or do you wish to re-
tain control yourself? If the latter, I must
ask you for a salary to be taken from the
profits. I would not ask it, but I have no
income at present, so if you do not pay me
I must go to work at something else. In
that case you would have to dispose of the
treasure yourself.”
  “ I don’t want to pay you, Roy,” said
Viola plaintively. “ It sounds too business-
like. I’d much rather trade for a nice house.
Then you can work with the treasure as
much as you like.”
  To herself she added: “ It may bring him
to reason. He hasn’t got a nice house nor
any kind of a house. The poor thing is so
set on this treasure business that I’ll have
to humor him and let him come to his senses
by himself. If I were to pay him a salary
he might moon around here for years, think-
ing he was earning it and getting crazier
every day.”
  “ I think that is wisest,” Roy agreed. He
got up, kissed her, and said: “ I’m going
now. May not be home until late this after-
noon. Good-by.”
  ‘‘ Good-by,” said Viola.
XII.
  It was a trying day. First of all, a gang
of men arrived in a motor truck. They
tore down a portion of the fence, laid boards
across the curb and sidewalk, and drove
in onto the flat beside the base of the knoll.
  Viola went down to inquire and was in-
formed that her husband had ordered the
work. She retired to the house and watched
them.
  They built a stout scaffolding and plat-
form some eight feet high, set up a gas en-
gine and other machinery upon it and then
departed.
  When she was sure that they had gone
Viola went down to the foot of the knoll
and investigated. She mounted to the plat-
form by means of a long wooden ramp and
poked about trying to fathom the purpose
of the thing. There was a machine with
a hopper like a giant coffee mill which was
driven by the gas engine. This much she
learned at the cost of a hand embroidered
house dress ruined with black grease. And
she went back into her room again, even
less comfortable in her mind than before.
  An hour or two later, as she sat on one
of the window seats trying to think, she
saw a small, cheap automobile stop in front
of the house.
  A slender little man, slightly stooped,
neatly and quietly dressed, got out of the
machine. He hurried eagerly through the
gate to the newly replaced steps. Here he
sank to his hands and knees peering at the
debris left by Roy’s excavation. He arose,
after a moment, and forgetting to dust off
his trousers, rubbed his hands together,
smiling happily. He walked all around the
mound, stopping occasionally to kick at the
grass with his heel, his expression becoming
momentarily more benign. At last he
climbed slowly up to the house.
  He bent his gray head courteously when
Viola opened the door; and mentioned his
name, which Viola did not catch, asking her
to inform her husband that the excavation
would start at nine o’clock next morning.
  “ I did not think I should start until the
next day,” he said further, “ but your hus-
band’s samples interested me so much that
I came to see for myself. I have now re-
solved to begin work at once. You have a
great treasure here, madam, and your gen-
erosity in giving it away as you are doing
is as great as it is unusual.”
  Viola thought, after he had gone, that he
must have thought her rather difficult. She
had been unable to wring a single word of
commonplace speech from the turmoil of
her thoughts. Treasure, he had said.
  Roy was sane or else had found a fellow
lunatic. That seemed the likelier explana-
364
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
tion. This fellow was simply a craftier
type. He had an automobile while Roy
possessed nothing but the clothes he stood
in. As usual, she reflected, the crafty one
had persuaded the simple one to give up the
mythical treasure. But why and whence
the machinery?
  She got Roy’s supper and with a most
exemplary patience kept it warm for him
until he came trudging home at eight
o’clock. He was tired, worn, and the re-
silience and febrile excitement that had
buoyed him up so long was lacking. Strong
as her curiosity was her compassion was
mightier. She did not question him. And
with hardly a word to her he went to bed
and fell asleep.
  She slept little herself, fearing he might
be ill, rousing frequently to look at him.
  Consequently when she awoke the next
day it was late in the morning, Roy was
up before her, and there was a dreadful
chaotic noise outside.
  By leaning from her window she could
see around an angle of the house a swarm
of men digging on the side of the knoll. A
boy stood on the platform beside the mys-
terious machinery which roared and rat-
tled and backfired. A big motor dump
cart stood beneath the platform. Roy, pipe
in mouth, hands in pockets, stood halfway
down the knoll watching with irritating
complacency the busy scene before him.
  It was too much. Viola stopped only
long enough to tuck her hair under a cap
before going to the window nearest her
husband and screaming his name until he
heard her and came in.
  “ Roy,” she pleaded, “ please, what does
this mean? Why—why are you doing this?
How are we to pay the hire of all those
men?”
  Roy grinned cheerfully and picking her
up settled himself on a chair where their
view of the work might be undisturbed.
  “ Kid,” he said, “ look me over, I’m a
fortune hunting fool. The treasure of M.
de Novanne is the thing that saves us after
all. I happened to recall that a party of
professors from the State university once
obtained permission to dig in the shell
mound over on the Oakland side of the bay
and would have demolished it if the owners
hadn’t stopped them. That mound is valu-
able, for it is one of the attractions in an
amusement park.
  “ I took some arrow heads and things to
the university yesterday and offered to let
them dig if they would haul away the
debris. They keep the Indian stuff, of
course.
  “ They jumped at the chance, so we are
now getting the ground cleared for nothing,
and when it is once graded down to the
street level we will have an extremely valu-
able lot. There will be no difficulty about
borrowing enough on it to erect some flat
houses which will insure us a moderate in-
come for the rest of our lives.”
   Viola burst into tears.
  “ Oh!” she moaned, clinging to him. “ I
thought you were a helpless dreamer just
because you let me lead you into failure and
disappointment. Then, while I slept and
pitied myself, you walked the floor all night
and by sheer determination and brains
thought out this wonderful scheme to save
us.”
  “Hush!” said Roy sternly. “That’s
what husbands are for.”
  The terrific noise of the machinery on the
platform had stopped when the loaded truck
drove away, and had been silent while they
were speaking, but now a second truck had
backed into place beneath it, and the up-
roar began again.
  “ Now,” cried Viola, “ what is that thing
for?”
  Roy chuckled. “ That is the best part of
it all. That machine makes it possible for
us to lay up a few nickels against a rainy
day, to buy us a decent home, and to keep
us clothed and fed until we can begin to
collect our rents. That is a shell crusher,
my dear,” he said.
  “ Go on, man, explain,” Viola urged.
  “ You see, I had to make everything
count and it occurred to me that the shell
of which this great mound is entirely com-
posed ought to be worth something. It is
not good enough to sell to a button factory;
it would be too long and troublesome a
process to burn it for lime, with a small
profit.
  “ At last I remembered that such shell,
broken up, is used for chicken feed, and
A FORTUNE HUNTING FOOL.
365
that on account of the thousands of chicken
ranches in this State there must be an un-
limited market for shell which can be got
as cheaply as I can furnish it. I went to
several wholesale dealers with samples, and
although there are thousands of tons of it
in this knoll I have made contracts for the
whole thing at fifty cents the hundred
pounds. This gives them a big profit, for
the shell sells for a dollar a hundredweight
retail.
  “ The university men agreed to haul it
away, so I let them take it to the warehouses
for me, thus saving the cost of transporta-
tion. True, I am renting the crushing ma-
chinery and hiring that boy who runs it,
but as each truckload is worth several dol-
lars to me, I can afford that.
  “ The only difficulty is that due to their
care in sifting out the curios, the students
who are doing the work do not dig fast
enough to get rid of the mound in the two
weeks which is the time I am allowing. I
decided this morning to get around that by
THE
 inducing a spirit of rivalry in them. To-
 morrow a force of men from Stanford will be
 added to those now on the job and they will
 be augmented with husky gangs from the
 universities of Oregon and Washington and
 possibly Nevada before the week is out.”
   “ I’m going to write to my parents
 again,” said Viola. “ I don’t think I put it
 strong enough before.”
   “ Let’s have breakfast,” he suggested
 after a moment. “ We can look at houses
 to-day and by day after to-morrow we will
 have saved enough to buy one.”
   No great lapse of time is required for the
 reconciliation of indulgent parents to even
 the greatest escapades of a daughter like
 Viola. Mr. and Mrs. Ephraim Stiggs, now
 that a month or two have passed, are upon
 the most cordial terms with Mr. and Mrs.
 Roy Jones. There is but one difficulty to
 be met in their intercourse: Roy and Viola
 must take pains to conceal the fact that
 Mrs. Stiggs’s maiden name was really
 Donovan.
END
      rr	rr	rr
THERE’S NOTHING WORTH WHILE IN THE
WORLD BUT YOU
                ■"THERE'S nothing worth while in the world but you,
             *	Nothing but you!
                 I only knew to-day it was true
                 That nothing but you
                 Could mend an hour, or a day, or scar it;
                  Careless, could make my life or mar it;
                That, though my possessions be many or few,
                  There’s nothing worth while in the world,
                      But you!
                  Oh, I’ll forget, as people do!
                  I’ll often be angry and cross with you!
                 I’ll hurt you with word and glance and thought.
                  At the forts of our hearts, there are wars to be fought;
                  There’ll be battles royal between us two!
                 Misunderstandings, tears and pouts,
                  Jealousy, hatred, sulking, doubts.
                 But I’ll always remember again, anew,
                 There’s nothing worth while in the world but you—
                       Nothing but you!
                                                     Marv Carolvn Davies.
By JOHNSTON McCULLEY
Author of " The Mark of Zorro,” “Hooked,” etc.
WHAT HAS OCCURRED IN PART I.
 TO the hall of Svend the Bloody, a Norse jar! or noble, a galley from Gaul brings Edvard, son
 of Haakon, Svend's gentle brother, who wooed a maid of the Southland and died there. His
 coming is not relished by Svend, who has had control of his brother's lands, but Svend fears
 the wrath of Olaf Trygvesson, the king, too much to do him open harm. Edvard, seeming small
 and dark to the huge Norsemen, is called li the black jarl," but he speedily proves his skill and
 courage in an encounter with Magnus, Svend's right hand man. Edvard incurs the enmity of
 Magnus because Brynhild, a shield maiden Magnus loves, prefers Edvard. The black jarl himself
 enrages Brynhild because he does not love her.
      Svend leads his followers to a fair at Trondhjem, by command of King Olaf, who hopes to
 bring about peace between Svend and other followers of the old gods, and the Christian jarls.
 The pagan jarl contrives to leave Edvard at his camp, where the king will not see him. Magnus
 commissions two warriors to slay Edvard. The black jarl fights manfully.
     CHAPTER IV (continued).	knew only that the black jaxl pleased him,
                                    and was being attacked unjustly. He
           at iRONDirjEM.	hurled his great body forward and seized
 THEY rushed to the attack, and Ed-	one of the men. He held the warrior’s
 vard gave ground in turn. Back	arms close to his sides in a hug like that
 against the bole of a tree they	of a bear, so that the man could not use
 pressed him and made ready to cut him	his sword, could only mouth oaths and
down.	struggle in vain to get free.
But Eric the Dumb had seen, and for a Edvard Haakonsson shouted in triumph
 moment forgot that he was a thrall. He	and renewed his attack on the other. He
Thit story began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for December 1.
                                                  366
THE BLACK JARL.
367
got through the guard, and his blade de-
scended. But not the edge of it. The flat
struck a terrific blow against a winged
helmet, and the man went down.
  “ And now!” Edvard cried.
  Eric the Dumb released his man, and
with a loud bellow of rage the warrior
sprang forward. Now he, in turn, learned
something of fencing. Back Edvard pressed
him, tiring him, playing with him. And in
time the fiat of his blade struck again. The
second man lay stretched.
  For a moment the son of Haakon the
Lover stood panting. And then he turned
to the thrall.
  “You did well, Eric!” he said. “Get
some others, and fetch thongs! Bind these
men well, and carry them into the tent of
Magnus! ”
  He returned his blade to its scabbard
and leaned against a tree to watch. Eric
called to the other thralls, and they brought
thongs.
  “ Bind them hand and foot!” Edvard
commanded. “ Now carry them to the tent.
No man of you is to release them, even
if they demand it. Do you understand?
They are to remain so until Svend returns.
It will be death for the man who dis-
obeys!”
  He turned and beckoned to Eric.
  “Your back to me!” he ordered. “I
cannot ride or walk to the fair, on my hon-
ored word—but nothing was said about me
being carried! ”
  And then the black jarl sprang up and
caught the giant thrall about the neck and
wrapped his legs around the man’s middle.
And so, carrying Edvard Haakonsson pick-
aback, Eric the Dumb stood and waited.
  The son of Haakon the Lover pointed
down the dusty road.
  “ To the fair!” he ordered.
CHAPTER V.
THE LITTLE MAID.
ALONG the dust-deep highway Eric the
Dumb trotted slowly, kicking up
great clouds of dust behind him.
making nothing of the burden upon his
back. Edvard Haakonsson laughed aloud.
They passed none, save here and there
some thrall sleeping at the edge of the
woods.
   “ On, good steed!” the black jarl cried.
“ Remember that you are carrying me, and
I	am not riding.”
  His w’ords were those of merriment, but
his thoughts were not. He sensed a mystery
that was fraught with peril for himself.
There were some things that cried aloud for
an explanation.
  Around a bend in the road trotted Eric
the Dumb with his unusual burden. Now
they could see the buildings of Trondhjem
in the distance, and the gay booths on the
level space where the fair was being held.
People seethed back and forth, common
folk straining their eyes to catch sight of
famous jarls, and jarls and their men fight-
ing to win through the press and reach the
king.
  Now Edvard Haakonsson passed count-
less persons who looked at him in surprise.
They knew him for a jarl, and so restrained
their laughter. He waved grandly at some
of them, laughed, and pretended to be
spurring Eric on.
  They were not more than two hundred
yards from the edge of the fair now. Ed-
vard could see the long lane with pavilions
on either side. Shield maidens and ladies
of jarls’ households were in the midst of
the throng. Men-at-arms scowled at one
another or greeted one another warmly,
according to their creeds.
  “ Behind the booths!” Edvard command-
ed; and the thrall turned to one side. On
he trotted, but now the perspiration was
streaming from him and his breath was com-
ing quicker. Edvard Haakonsson for the
moment was quiet, and his merriment had
fallen from him. He knew that he must
face Svend, and he preferred to do it before
the king.
   And then a burst of gay laughter reached
his ears, and he turned his head quickly.
To one side of the road there was a small
company, consisting of half a dozen men-at-
arms, some thralls, a few shield maidens.
But it was none of these who had laughed,
though all but the thralls were smiling.
  Edvard Haakonsson looked again, and
saw a maid. He pressed his arms about
368
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
Eric’s throat, and Eric stopped thankfully.
Edvard’s teeth flashed in a smile.
  The maid stood before the others. She
wore a flowing gown caught with a girdle
about her waist. Her hair fell in a golden
shower down her back, bound with bands of
metal. Her bare arms bore a weight of rich
ornaments. Never in his life before had
Edvard Haakonsson seen a maid like this.
  The others held back, but she took a
step forward. And he knew by their man-
ner that she was a jarl’s daughter. A
shield maiden whispered to her, but she
waved the shield maiden aside and took
another step toward him, and laughed
again.
  “ You like my horse?” he asked.
  “ He is a well trained steed to walk
on his hind legs,” she replied, and her voice
was like the trickling of water over cool
rocks.
  Edvard Haakonsson dismounted, for
which act Eric the Dumb gave him thanks
again. Half a dozen steps forward he took,
nor noted the black looks that the men-
at-arms gave him. The maiden looked as
though she might retreat, yet she held her
ground.
  “ I am new come to this land,” Edvard
said, “ yet it is now in my mind that I was
a fool not to come before.”
  “ And how is this?”
  11	For, had I come before, perchance I
would have seen you sooner,” he said. “ I
have lived in a land where there are beau-
tiful women, yet they seem old and ugly
when I look at you.”
  Her face flushed with pleasure. The men
she knew did not speak so. Rough Norse
they were, who knew not fine speech, men
of war and work who did not consider it
necessary to speak soft to a woman.
  “ You come from another land?” she
asked.
  “ But four sleeps ago I landed.”
  “ Yet you are a jarl!”
  “ It is my station,” he replied. “ I am
my father’s son.”
  “ And your father—”
  “ Haakon the Lover.”
  Her face turned pale swiftly, and she
caught her breath.
  “ You—you are the son of Haakon the
 Lover?” she asked. “ You are the nephew
 of Svend the Bloody?”
 “ I am his nephew,” Edvard replied.
 “ But a man cannot pick his uncles.”
 “ You are to live with him?”
 “ Our interests are related.”
 “Oh!” she cried. “And it was in my
 mind to like you.”
 “ And can you not?” he begged. “ But
 you have not told me your name. Is it as
 sweet as you?”
 “ I am called Thyra.”
 “ It is a sweet name.”
 “ But perhaps that of my father will not
 sound so sweet to your ears,” she said.
 “ He is called Harald the Just.” •
 “ Harald the Proud, to have such a
 daughter.”
“ Do you not understand? Between
Harald the Just and Svend the Bloody
there always has been war. Your people
and my people cannot be friends. We are
Christians!”
 “ Cannot a Christian be a friend?”
 “ But those who worship Odin and Thor
 will not,” she said. “ And what a shame
 it is—at times.”
 Edvard stepped closer to her.
 “ Though our houses fight, need we?”
 he asked. “ Can we not be friends? Never
 before have I seen a maid like you! If I
 wished one to sit at my right hand—”
 “ There are maidens in your uncle’s
 house.”
 “ But not for me—now! ” he said.
 “ And in the other houses where Odin is
 a god.”
 “ I do not speak of gods, lady,” he said.
 “ I do not speak of houses and clans. I
 speak only of you—and of me. Can we not
 be friends?”
 “ Are you mocking me?” she asked.
 “ Can I trust one who is not a Christian?”
 “ I have not said that I am not a Chris-
 tian.”
 “ You need not—you, a jarl of the house
 of Svend the Bloody! How could you be,
 in a house where treachery is bred?”
 “ But I have not been in that house
 long!” he protested. “ If you are a Chris-
 tian, you have charity. You have faith.
 You, also, should have love! Am I mock-
 ing you? Can you trust me?”
                         3	A
THE BLACK JARL.
369
  She raised her head and looked at him
bravely, and his eyes did not falter.
  “ I seem to read that you are an honor-
able man,” she said in a breath.
  “ Then we may be friends?”
  “ If you wish it.”
  “ Friendship is but the basis, often, for
stronger ties,” he said.
  Her face flamed again.
  “ It were well for you if you kept our
friendship a secret,” she said. “ If Svend
the Bloody hears of it, he will break it fast
enough.”
  “ Svend the Bloody is my uncle, but I
am a jarl in my own right, and my father
before me,” Edvard Haakonsson declared.
“ I make what friendships please me, and
break them only when I will. I hope soon
to greet your father. And to see you again
soon, Thyra.”
  He bowed before her, lifted her hand,
and pressed it against his lips. She thrilled.
  “ It is a quaint custom,” she confessed,
“ but it is a pleasant one!”
  “ Now I must get me to the fair and see
the king,” he said. “ I must swear my al-
legiance.”
  “ But why do you ride on the back of
a thrall? Is Svend the Bloody so poor that
he cannot furnish a horse for his kinsman?”
she asked.
  “ I have sworn not to ride or walk to
the fair,” he answered, laughing. “ So I
am being carried. I’ll explain it better
when again we meet. Until then!”
  He sprang upon the back of Eric again,
turned to wave at her, and was gone. Thyra
of the house of Harald stood silently looking
after him for so long that the men and
shield maidens behind! her wondered wheth-
er they had been forgotten. But presently
she turned and beckoned them, and led
them on toward the fair.
CHAPTER VI.
BEFORE THE KING.
GRIM and austere, Svend the Bloody
led his men through the throngs at
the fair, Magnus riding at his left
hand. The company was an imposing one,
as Svend had intended it to be. Behind
   4	A
the mounted men-at-arms came the foot-
men, the archers and spearmen. Then the
mounted maidens, of whom Svend had
taken half a score along. And then the
thralls, each in a fresh white kirtle, bearing
Svend’s presents to the king.
  The common folk surged back from be-
neath the hoofs of the horses and gazed in
awe at Svend’s magnificence. Yet many
looked at his stern and inscrutable counte-
nance, too, and wondered what thoughts
were in being behind that mask of flesh.
The common folk knew of the clash of re-
ligions and played a part in it.
  Svend the Bloody was known as one of
the richest jarls in Olaf’s kingdom, though
not many knew that his jarldom belonged
in half to his brother’s son. Magnus, riding
at Svend’s side, curled his lips in scorn at
the common folk, and now and then shout-
ed rough orders to the men behind him,
merely as a show of authority, at which
some men glared and others smiled. There
were plenty of other lieutenants of other
jarls who hated Magnus.
  And so Svend the Bloody and his train
came before King Olaf where he sat in his
big chair on a raised platform at one end of
an open space, the booths and pavilions of
the fair and the mass of people forming a
background.
  Svend dismounted, and the others with
him. The thralls hurried forward, some to
hold the horses and others to spread Svend’s
presents before the king. Olaf Trygvesson
waved a hand to show that he was grateful,
and the king’s own men carried the presents
away.
  Then Svend approached the king. He
strode like the jarl that he was, pride in
his bearing, his head held high, his shoul-
ders braced. Magnus stalked behind him,
while the others held back.
  Svend the Bloody knew well that he was
making an impression in that moment. He
was showing his wealth and power, and
King Olaf was a shrewd man. Svend
bowed before Olaf, and stood back. But
as he glanced aside he saw something that
angered him.
  Another jarl was approaching from the
opposite side. He, too, sent forward thralls
with rich presents. He, too, had dignity in
370
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
his bearing, and behind him came men-at-
arms richly weaponed, and glorious maid-
ens. Svend the Bloody was facing his an-
cient enemy, Harald the Just.
  For an instant Svend’s face was not a
mask. But the hatred that flamed in it
was extinguished almost instantly. Then
he turned and looked at the king.
  “ I make you welcome, jarls!” Olaf said.
  Thus he greeted them both at once, nor
showed his preference. He looked from the
one to the other, and when he spoke again
it was to both.
  “ There is too much dissension in the
land,” Olaf said. “ It is our wish that our
people live in peace. Some of us there are
who follow the cross and the teachings of
the Christ. Yet there are others who cling
to the old gods. If a man is sincere, I have
respect for him, regardless of what faith he
professes.”
  Svend the Bloody opened his eyes wide
at that. He had expected an attempt at
conversion. He had anticipated an argu-
ment, for which he was prepared, and
wherein he would stand by Odin and Thor
and hurl his defiance. But Olaf, he saw
now, was too wise to risk splitting his king-
dom so. Olaf Trygvesson knew that civil
war would follow an attempt to cram Chris-
tianity down the throats of those who fol-
lowed the gods of their fathers. Later, he
was to Christianize his country with the ax,
but the time was not yet at hand.
  Svend merely bowed without speaking,
and Harald the Just did likewise. And so
the two jarls faced each other before their
king, their faces reflecting none of their
thoughts, while their retainers waited be-
hind them motionless but ready for instant
combat.
  “ Svend the Bloody, you are a great
man!” King Olaf said, after a time. “ You
often have proved your loyalty. That you
have courage and dignity and wealth goes
without being said. And you, Harald, also
are a great man, and Svend’s neighbor.
Word has been carried to me that your
households are not at peace.”
  “ That word did not come from me,”
Svend said quickly. “ I do not allow my
men to carry tales. I fight my own battles.
Never have I asked help of the king.”
  “ Nor did it come from me,” Harald said
firmly. “ I, too, can fight my own bat-
tles!”
  “ Yet I have the word,” Olaf told them,
with something of sternness in his man-
ner. “ A man of my own reported on the
situation. It is my wish that this strife
cease. We gain nothing by fighting among
ourselves. It is my prayer that this land
be a Christian land, but I know the thing
cannot be done in a moment. A man has
the .right to his individual belief. However,
there is no need of this continual strife.”
  The king ceased speaking, and the jarls
waited for his further words, knowing that
he had some. And finally Olaf looked down
at them again, and his voice was more gen-
tle when he spoke.
   “ It is our wish that you seal a pact of
friendship, here and now,” he said. “ Svend
the Bloody, and you, Harald the Just, clasp
hands before me. Differences in religion
you may have, but let us have no other
differences. Your thralls must not fight.
Your men-at-arms must not attack one an-
other.”
  Svend drew back a pace and a look of
astonishment came into his face. Magnus
drew in his breath with a sharp hiss. Har-
ald stood waiting proudly, willing to do as
the king commanded, but not wishing to be
the first to make the advance.
  The mind of Svend the Bloody worked
like lightning then. He might smite hands
with Harald, but there would be no mean-
ing to it. He could repudiate this friend-
ship when it so pleased him, and in the
meantime Olaf and Harald would be lulled
to a sense of peace and security.
   “ Harald?” Olaf called.
   “ I am agreed,” Harald the Just said.
  “ Svend?”
  It was a critical moment. Harald had
agreed, and for Svend to spurn the offer of
friendship now would mean an instant bat-
tle royal, for even in the presence of the
king and the king’s guardsmen Harald
could not overlook such an affront to his
pride.
   Behind Svend, his men reached for their
swords, and Magnus glanced quickly
around and prepared to shout his com-
mands. But Svend had been thinking to
THE BLACK JARL.
371
some purpose, and already he had a plan.
And so he took one quick step forward and
looked up at Olaf.
  “ I am agreed,” he said.
  There were cheers from those near the
king, but Magnus and Svend’s men gasped
their astonishment. However, it was not
for them to question their jarl’s sagacity.
Undoubtedly, Svend the Bloody knew to
what purpose he was working.
  The jarls approached each other before
the king. There was a moment of silence
as their hands met and touched lightly.
And then they stepped apart again.
  But there was a tension in the air. The
friendship scarcely had been cemented.
There seemed to be something lacking, and
Harald the Just supplied it.
  “ Svend, great jarl, this is the thing for
which I long have waited,” Harald said.
“ The new religion of the cross teaches that
neighbors should dwell in love and respect
and friendship. Let us have it so.”
  “ Let it be so,” Svend ageed.
  “ My house is open to you,” Harald
said. “ Do you journey to it as soon as
this fair is at an end, with your men-at-
arms and your women and thralls. The
gates will be standing wide. It will be my
pride and pleasure to feast you and yours,
to cement this bargain that we have made.”
“ The invitation is a fair one, and as
such cannot be refused,” Svend replied. “ I
will do myself the honor of accepting your
hospitality as soon as may be, and in turn
will offer mine.”
  “ Well spoken!” King Olaf cried. “ Let
us then have peace. Let your men-at-arms
and thralls mingle without passing hot
words and black looks, that they themselves
may form friendships after the pattern of
their masters!”
  Svend and Harald bowed before him, and
each stepped back once more. Their fol-
lowers scarce could believe their ears, yet
they knew that they had heard aright.
Magnus was scowling, searching in his mind
for the truth of the matter, for he knew
Svend well, and realized that this was not
the end.
  And suddenly those in the great throng
at the side of the open space began ribald
laughter. Hounds scurried to cover and
snapped and barked. Children screeched
their merriment. The king looked across
the clearing, and Harald and Svend turned
to look also. Svend turned black with rage.
  The reason for the sudden merriment was
easy to find. Into the clearing before the
king came a giant thrall, perspiration
streaming from his face. And, carried pick-
aback, was a man of black hair and dark
skin, who wore the ornaments of a jarl.
  Edvard Haakonsson had come before his
king!
CHAPTER VII.
THE AX THROWER.
WAVES of loud laughter rolled back
from the throngs. Men-at-arms
joined in, save those who followed
Svend the Bloody, for these latter recog-
nized the black jarl and wondered how their
master would take this affair.
  Svend seemed on the verge of choking,
yet he stood straight and proud. His eyes
flashed, and the anger clouds gathered on
his brow. Edvard Haakonsson urged Eric
onward, straight toward the king, laughing
back at those who laughed at him, waving
his hand to the maidens, pretending now
and then to prod his unusual steed. On
he came, until Eric was a few paces before
Svend, and then Edvard stopped him and
stood to the ground and bowed before his
kinsman.
  Svend’s eyes blazed into those of his
brother’s son. He felt that his dignity was
outraged. And he remembered his wish
that Edvard remain at the camp, his fear
that he would become a friend of Olaf.
  “ How is this?” Svend cried.
  But Olaf stopped him with a gesture.
“ Who is this man, who wears the ornaments
of one of my jarls?” the king demanded.
  Svend was compelled to turn and face his
ruler. Once he bowed low, yet when he
spoke there was anger in his voice.
  “ Great Olaf, this man is Edvard, the son
of Haakon the Lover, and my nephew,”
Svend said. “ He is but new come from
the lands to the south, where his father
long resided, and where this jarl was born
and bred.”
372
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
  “ Son of Haakon the Lover? Then is he
welcome according to his just rank. But
why does he come before us riding the
back of a thrall? Is it a new method of
approaching a throne?”
  Though the king’s voice was firm, his eyes
were twinkling.
  “ Those are questions for which I await
the answers also,” Svend said. “ I thought
it better that my nephew remain in com-
mand of my camp. Word of honor he gave
me to do so, unless two trusted men of
rank were there to take his place. Yet he
is here!”
  “ Can a jarl forget word of honor?” Olaf
demanded, his brow suddenly black.
  “ Great Olaf, word of honor has been
kept,” Edvard replied. “ I did give it not to
ride or walk to the fair. Yet I am here,
but I call upon all of you to witness that
I did not ride or walk—I was carried.”
Olaf laughed at that, and his favorites
with him, but Svend did not. The Bloody
one stepped forward again, and his voice
rang with venom when he spoke.
  “ But how about the remainder of your
oath?” he cried. “ You have left my camp,
and you promised there to remain unless
two men of rank were there in your stead.”
“ And so they are,” Edvard answered.
For a moment his eyes met those of Mag-
nus, and the lieutenant betrayed his ner-
vousness.
  “ Two of your company dropped out of
the march and returned to the camp, my
kinsman,” Edvard continued. “ They
thought it best to pick a quarrel with me,
for some unknown reason. Two giants they
were, too. But they remain at the camp.”
“ Dead?” Magnus cried before Svend
could speak. “ You have slain them—
you?”
  “ I had no wish to rob my kinsman of
two noble warriors,” the black jarl replied.
“ So I merely stunned them and had them
bound wth thongs and placed in a tent.
Perchance, if they see fit to attack me again,
they will bring a larger company.”
  Once more Olaf roared his laughter.
Svend turned purple, and the face of Mag-
nus was white. Magnus knew well that
the black jarl understood, yet had not be-
trayed him. And he promised himself re-
venge on the two warriors who had failed
in their undertaking.
  “ This small black jarl pleases me much! ”
Olaf cried. “ Edvard, son of Haakon the
Lover, I must have speech with you before
the end of the fair. You have come from
lands I visited when I was young. There
the religion of the cross is strong, and I
would speak with you later concerning its
developments.”
  That which Svend the Bloody had feared
was coming to pass. Edvard was making
a friend of the king. Svend’s rage was with-
held in a measure, yet it was almost con-
suming him. He felt compelled to expend
it. And he did not dare expend it upon
Edvard Haakonsson after what the king
had said.
  His eyes turned to Eric the Dumb. The
thrall was but a thrall, and upon him Svend
could work his will. Slowly, the Bloody one
drew a dagger from his belt.
  “ Accursed thrall! ” he cried. “ You have
done this thing! Would you make a mock
of me before Great Olaf by turning your-
self into a horse? Your blood shall pay!”
He raised the dagger to strike, but Ed-
vard Haakonsson sprang before the thrall
and held up a hand in warning.
  “ If there be blame, it is mine, kinsman,”
he said. “ I commanded the thrall to do
as he did.”
  “One side, jarl! I punish my slaves
when I please!”
  “But it is not just!” Edvard cried.
“ The thrall did only as I ordered. Can
he be blamed? I appeal to the king!”
Olaf’s brow darkened. He had no wish
to affront Svend now, after the new pact
of friendship. And there were laws re-
garding a thrall’s relations to his master.
  “ It is Svend’s right to punish the man
if he so wills,” the king said. “ I can
only hope that he will be merciful. But,
if he thinks it better not to be, I can
do nothing to stay his hand. A jarl may
discipline his slaves.”
  Svend took another step forward, gloat-
ing, and once more the black jarl raised
his hand.
  “ Then let me be champion for this
thrall, since the fault is mine!” he said.
“ It will furnish sport for the throng.”
THE BLACK JARL.
373
  “ Champion for a thrall?” Svend gasped.
“ You have men of skill among your fol-
lowers, kinsman. Put one forth against me.
Let us throw the javelin, or the ax. If I
win, the thrall is mine to do with as I
please. If I do not win, you compel him to
punishment.”
  “ You would throw ax or javelin?” Svend
gasped.
  “ Against any of your men!”
  Magnus surged forward and touched
Svend on the shoulder. He thought that
he saw his chance to humble Edvard
Haakonsson before the king, and when he
speke, Svend had the same opinion. Olaf
loved rough sports, and he did not love
losers.
  “ What would you?” Svend asked. “ The
king has not given the order for the sports
to begin.”
  “ I have no hand in this,” Olaf said.
Edvard bowed before him again. “ Then
we will throw the ax,” he said. “ Let my
kinsman choose his man.”
  “ You would pit yourself against Magnus,
for instance?” Svend asked.
  “ Even against Magnus.”
  “ He throws the best ax in my jarldom.”
  “ But never has he met me,” Edvard said.
  “ So be it!”
  The throng surged backward again, eager
for the test. Here was sport they loved.
Far in front of the royal pavilion there
was a huge tree, with a blazed space upon
its trunk.
li There is the target!” Olaf said.
  Now there was a clear space between the
king’s seat and the tree. On either side
pressed forward the throng, noble men and
women in the front rows. Howling dogs
were kicked backward out of the way.
Magnus stood forth, a smile upon his beard-
ed face, and took up his ax.
  He turned and looked once at Edvard,
gloating in his manner. But the black jarl
showed no sign of nervousness. He stood
to one side, his hands resting lightly against
his hips, his body bent forward.
  “ It scarcely will be a test, jarl” Magnus
said. “ Your pet thrall soon will know the
taste of Svend’s steel.”
  “ You have not yet thrown, nor have I,”
Edvard replied.
  The brow of Magnus grew dark again.
One step forward he took. He balanced the
ax, and his great arm drew back. The
crowd suddenly was still.
  An instant of silence, and then the flash-
ing ax whizzed through the air. There was
a thud as it struck and quivered. Its blade
had bitten deeply into the bole of the tree,
and less than the width of a hand below
the blazed space.
  Shouts came from the men at arms and
the common folk.
  “ It is a good throw,” Edvard admitted.
“ Many men could not beat it. If I do
not, ’twill be no reflection on my skill.”
  “ Then you think that you will not?”
Magnus sneered.
  “ In a moment we shall see,” said the
black jarl.
  He sprang forward and toed the mark
and took up his ax. Eric the Dumb
crouched behind him, his lips moving. None
knew to what god he prayed, yet all knew
that he was praying. None knew better
than Eric the Dumb what depended upon
the black jarl’s throw, and it is not surpris-
ing if he had small faith in the outcome.
For Magnus was known the breadth of the
land as an ax thrower.
  The son of Haakon the Lover flashed
a smile at those on either side of him, and
then set his face grimly. A moment he
stood poised. Then his blade flashed
through the air.
  Again there came a thud, then a cry of
surprise and wonder. The ax he had hurled
was buried to the hilt in the trunk of the
tree. It quivered in the center of the blazed
space above that of Magnus.
  Edvard Haakonsson stepped backward
and bowed to the king. A chorus of cheers
assailed his ears. But Magnus strode for-
ward, his face black with wrath.
  “Accidents happen!” he cried. “Can
the black jarl throw so well again?”
  “ I have won, have I not?” Edvard de-
manded.
  “ You have won,” Olaf decided. “ The
thrall's life is spared, and he belongs to
you. But I would like to see yet another
throw, if you are willing.”
  “ I am willing,” Edvard replied.
  Magnus snarled and stepped to the line
374
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
again. A thrall came running with the axes.
Magnus took his and balanced it. For
a moment he hesitated, and then he threw.
A cheer answered his effort.
  It was a better throw than the other, for
the ax cut the edge of the blazed space, yet
it was not so good as the first throw Edvard
had made.
  “Let us see you equal that!” Magnus
said.
  The black jarl laughed and once more
stepped up to the line. He waited a mo-
ment, for there was a commotion in the
throng. Two hounds were fighting, and
men and women and children were pushing
back out of the way, while thralls ran for-
ward to separate the big dogs.
  Their fangs flashed, their howls rent the
air. Other dogs fought to get in the battle.
The crowd surged backward.
  And then a gasp of horror came from the
throng. One of the great dogs had broken
away. Foaming at the mouth, his eyes
blazing, he was darting across the clearing.
Women and children ran from his path.
Warriors could not get through the press
to use their weapons.
  And in the path of the crazed hound
stood a maiden, dressed in flowing robes,
her costume denoting her the daughter of a
jarl.
  A bedlam of shrieks and cries frightened
the hound more. The maiden turned to
flee, but tripped and fell. The great dog
sprang at her.
  Then it was that Edvard Haakonsson
gave a cry and hurled his ax quickly
through the air. Over and over it turned,
yet it struck true. The sickening thud came
when the hound was but a spring from his
prey. The great dog paused in his leap,
and dropped, gasping out his life.
  A moment of horrified silence, and then a
shout from those who were the first to real-
ize what had happened! Half a dozen aided
the maiden to her feet. A score rushed to-
ward where Edvard Haakonsson was stand-
ing.
  But he thrust them aside and ran across
the clearing. He fought his way through
thralls and warriors and men and women.
He reached the side of the maiden, who
was standing wilcf-eyed and panting, and
she whirled toward him and clung to his
arm for support.
  “ You are not injured?” he asked.
  She fought to regain her composure, for
she had remembered that she was the daugh-
ter of a jarl. And then:
  “ Not injured, thanks to you, Edvard
Haakonsson,” said Thyra, daughter of
Harald the Just.
  The crowd fell back, and a big jarl thrust
his way forward. His face was stern, yet
a suspicion of tears glistened in his eyes.
His hand fell upon Edvard’s shoulder.
  “I thank you, jarl!” he said. “Our
daughter is precious to us!”
  And then another chorus of cries rent the
air:
  “ Hail, Edvard Haakonsson! Hail, Ed-
vard the Ax Thrower! ”
  The black jarl had won a name.
CHAPTER VIII.
THE DAY—AND THE NIGHT.
THERE comes to many men a flood of
good fortune, events tumbling one
upon the heels of the other and each
adding to a man’s position and fame, and so
it happened now to the black jarl.
  The excitement of the moment died down,
and Thyra went with her maidens to a pa-
vilion her father had erected. For, after
all, though the daughter of a jarl she was
but a woman, and her danger of a moment
not enough to stop the fair.
  King Olaf gave the signal for the sports
to begin, and Edvard Haakonsson, avoiding
his uncle and Magnus and many of the
others, walked about the grounds, peering
into booths and pavilions and enjoying the
sights, Eric the Dumb always at his heels.
  Then there came a moment when Edvard
turned and regarded Eric gravely.
  “ It is in my mind that you are of good
blood,” Edvard said. “ I can tell it in your
manner and bearing. Tragedy has touched
your life, mayhap, but it is not necessary
that it endure forever. It is necessary that
we have thralls, yet would I rather have
a man cling to me and serve me through
love. What will be your actions if I set
you free?”
THE BLACK JARL.
375
  Eric’s dull face lighted and he struggled
to speak. The words came slowly, but
finally they came.
  “ Still would I serve you, master,” he
said. “To be free, and yet to serve
you—that is enough. I do not wish to re-
turn to my own country—too many years
have passed.”
  “ Then shall you be free, and serve me as
a free man.”
  “ And ever will I stand at your back,
master, to guard you against foes. For
there be foes in this land who strike a man
in the back.”
  Edvard’s face darkened. “ Did you have
more wit, I should take it that there is a
double meaning to your words,” he said.
“Follow!”
  They went back to where the sports were
being held, and men acclaimed the ax
thrower and urged him to show more of
his skill. And so Edvard Haakonsson, wish-
ing merely to enter into the spirit of the
games and seek his own diversion, so man-
aged it that he made more enemies, and
many in the following of his kinsman.
  He wrestled, and he won, and it was no-
ticed that the big Magnus took no part in
the wrestling. He threw the javelin, and
here he won easily, for it was a weapon
with which he was familiar. Nor could the
swimmers defeat him, which was looked
upon as a strange thing, since Norsemen are
clever in the water.
  Sport after sport he attempted, and al-
most all he won. Now the throng of com-
mon folk acclaimed him, and some of the
noble born, yet there were men at arms who
thought that he attained altogether too
many honors.
  The sports came to an end, and Edvard
the Ax Thrower was acclaimed the victor.
And then he sat at the left hand of Olaf
for a space, and talked of lands far away,
while Svend the Bloody watched from a dis-
tance, his face a thunder cloud.
  There was feasting in the open space as
the night approached. But when it was
ended the jarls went back to their own
camps with their followings. Edvard
Haakonsson was given a horse, and rode in
style, with Eric the Dumb trotting beside
his mount.
  When the camp was reached, Magnus
hurried to his tent, where he found his two
men bound. He released them, and what
words he said are not known, but they
burned. And afterward Magnus went to
Svend’s pavilion, and held secret conversa-
tion there, telling him what had happened.
  “ This black jarl has belittled me,” Mag-
nus said. “ Nothing but combat and blood
can satisfy me now.”
  But Svend held up a warning hand. “ He
must not be touched,” he said. “ He is
the favorite of Olaf after this one day. His
sudden death at this time would mean
trouble for us.”
  “ Has the day come, then, when my jarl
fears the Christian king?” Magnus asked,
boldly and hotly. “ Are you not almost as
great as Olaf? Did you lead the men of
Thor, you might yet be king in Olaf's
stead.”
  Svend looked at him searchingly. “ Per-
haps I am growing cunning, Magnus,” he
replied. “ There was a time when boldness
and strength always won, but the day has
arrived when a man must possess cunning
also.”
  “ But I do not understand,” Magnus said.
“ You bend before Olaf. You strike hands
in friendship with Harald the Just!”
  “ But with a reservation of mind,” Svend
said, smiling a bit.
  “ How is this?”
  “ I have a plan,” Svend said. “ We will
make this visit of friendship to Harald’s
jarldom. We shall take a goodly company.
And men at arms shall follow and hide
themselves in the forest.”
  “ You intend—” Magnus did not dare
voice his thought.
  “ Think you that my friendship for
Harald could be real?” Svend asked. “ The
fool grows soft. Look you how there were
tears in his eyes to-day when he feared
for his daughter! He will welcome us with
open arms and suspect nothing. It will be
the time to strike.”
  “ The laws of hospitality—” Magnus
began.
  “ Laws have been broken before, Magnus.
It is our great chance. I shall pretend an
illness and refuse to take salt with him.
I can be busy speaking, and forget to eat
376
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
meat. And when they feel secure, when
his gates and doors are open—”
  ‘•The men come in from the woods!”
Magnus completed.
  “ But this thing must not be spoken of
now,” Svend warned. “ I do not trust this
kinsman of mine too much, and he must
never know. And there is another reason
for keeping him unknowing.”
   “ I wait to hear it, jarl.”
  “ Were this Edvard to be slain now the
king would suspect us, and we want his
trust for our plans. We go to Harald’s,
and before we leave we slay his men and
women and thralls, and lay waste his es-
tate. We can tell a tale afterward, of thralls
starting the fighting, of warriors joining in.
’Twill not be too strong a tale, hence it will
be believed. Harald, the greatest of the
Christian jarls, will be gone and his men
with him. Even if the king suspect, then,
he will dare not strike. For his forces will
be weakened. And if he does strike, then
we of Odin and Thor finish him.”
  “And you will be king!” Magnus sup-
plied in a whisper. “ None has a better
claim. The sons of Earl Haakon have not
a better right!”
  “ Haakon! Must I always hear that
cursed name?” Svend cried.
  “ And the black jarl—”
  “ Must be kept in ignorance as to our
purpose,” Svend said. “ And what more
natural than that, in the heat of battle,
he falls?”
  Magnus smiled evilly. “ I shall see to it
that he falls,” he said.
  “ Twill be a fair day when he does. He
has made a fool of you. He has become the
favorite of Olaf in a single day. He has
the heart of a woman. He fights for a
thrall, and now makes a free man of him.
He saves a maid from a dog. And that
maid the daughter of Harald the Just! Far
better would he have served our plans to
have held his hand and let the crazed
hound da its work. It would not have
grieved me to see sorrow eating at Harald’s
heart.”
  Svend walked to the door of the pavilion
and looked out over his camp. Thralls were
stretched around the great fires. Guards
had been placed. Warriors laughed and
jested and shouted. The clear voices of
shield maidens came from tents in the dis-
tance. And the bright moonlight bathed
it all.
  Svend turned back into the tent. “ Pass
the word, Magnus, that the black jarl is
not to be harmed,” he commanded. “ I
want no man to pick a quarrel with him.
If we accomplish what we wish, it must be
when we raid the jarldom of Harald the
Just.”
  Magnus saluted and left to go to his own
tent, and Svend the Bloody sought his
couch, there to stretch himself and think
more on his plans. In his own tent, Mag-
nus stalked back and forth, his mind filled
with Brynhild. He would have to explain
to her why Edvard Haakonsson returned
from the fair alive.
  Edvard had departed from his own tent
as soon as the camp had quieted down.
Guards saluted as he passed, nor looked
where he went. He walked along the edge
of the highway, and presently plunged into
the brush. When he was at some distance
from the camp, he turned into the road
again and strode forward, yet ready to dart
out of sight if he met men.
  He had ascertained where the camp of
Harald was located, and now he made his
way rapidly toward it. In time he was
standing in a clump of trees and watching
the tents. There was a great fire in Har-
ald’s clearing, too, and his men were making
merry.
  Edvard the Ax Thrower circled the camp
halfway and then crept closer. He made
out the women’s quarters. Gusts of laugh-
ter came to his ears, silvery laughter that
he thrilled to hear.
  For a space he watched and waited, and
after a time the flap of one of the tents
was lifted, and a maiden stepped out into
the moonlight. It was Thyra.
  One of the guards whirled quickly to-
ward her, recognized her, and turned away
again to watch the men around the fire.
Thyra stood for a moment looking up at
the moon, then moved slowly toward the
edge of the woods.
  Nearer she came, until Edvard could see
her features. Beautiful features they were,
and now thoughtful ones. She stopped al-
THE BLACK JARL.
377
most at the edge of the brush, and turned
to glance back toward the tents, her hands
clasped at her breast.
 “Thyra!” He called the name softly,
 like a caress. “ Thyra!” he repeated.
 She turned swiftly at the sound of his
 voice, and sudden alarm was in her face
 and manner.
 “ Who calls?” she asked in a low tone.
 “ Him they call the Ax Thrower.”
 He heard the little gasp of surprise she
 gave. For a moment she stood still, look-
 ing toward the edge of the woods. And
 then she moved nearer.
 “ Edvard, son of Haakon the Lover?” she
 questioned.
 “ It is I.”
 Now he stepped out where she could rec-
 ognize him, then went back a pace, so that
 the guards would not see. She followed
 swiftly.
 “ What do you here at my father’s
 camp?” she questioned. “ If you are
 found—”
 “ I do not come in anger,” he said.
 “ Then—” She seemed to question why
 he should come at all.
 “ Is it strange that I should wish to
 look upon your fair face again?” he asked.
 “ You might see me to-morrow at the
 fair.”
 “ And waste the long night?”
 “ But you are in danger,” she said.
 “There is not much trust between your
 house and mine.”
 “ Then you did not wish me to come?”
 he asked.
 “ I have not said that.”
 “ Did you not hope that I would? Did
 you not know that I would?”
 “ How should I know?”
 “ Did not your heart tell you so?” he
 asked. “ And why are you walking alone
 in the moonlight, instead of listening to the
 shield maidens gossip?”
 “ Perhaps I grow tired of their gossip.”
 “If you do not wish to see me, I can
 go away again.”
 She hesitated a moment. “ Since you
 are here, it were unmannerly to rush you
 away,” she replied.
 Edvard Haakonsson stepped closer to her,
 looked down at her.
  “ Never before have I seen a maiden so
fair,” he said. “ I give thanks that my ax
went true to-day.”
  “ And I give thanks to you because it
did.”
  “ Our houses have plighted their friend-
ship this day, and it is a good omen.”
  “ But there is not much trust,” she said.
“ Edvard Haakonsson, you must beware!
Do not stroll about my father’s camp at
night. There may come a thrust in the
dark.” She shuddered as she spoke.
  “ Yet must I see you.”
  “ In secret only, ior the present. Per-
haps, when days and days have passed, and
Svend the Bloody has shown himself sin-
cere—”
  “ But I cannot wait for days and days,
Thyra. I—I want you for my wife.”
  “ You?” she gasped.
  “ My heart already is filled with love of
you. Can there be no hope?”
  This was a wooing of the sort she never
had known before. It were more the Norse
custom for a man to want a maid and make
a bargain with her father. She had ex-
pected that one day she would be betrothed
to a jarl or noble warrior. Yet this man-
ner of wooing pleased her best.
  “ There—there may be hope,” she whis-
pered.
  “ Thyra! ”
  “ But how can it be? Think you that
my father would give me to you? Think
you that Svend the Bloody would have you
mate with one of the house of Harald?”
  “ I am my own man! ” Edvard said. “ I
am a jarl, even as Svend is a jarl! In a
matter like this, I seek none but my own
counsel. Thyra!”
  “ Then must you win my father over,”
she said.
  “ And I do not have you to win?”
  “ You already have won, jarl!”
  He took the last pace toward her and
clasped her in his arms, and then his lips
met hers. A moment he held her so, then
she stepped back again.
  “ I cannot understand how this thing has
come,” she said. “ And I have the feeling
that there is danger to follow—for you.
Edvard, you must beware! If anything
were to happen to you now, I should die!”
378
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
  “ Well will I guard myself,” he said,
“ when there is such a reason for it.”
  “ Svend the Bloody is to make us a visit.
And you will come with him?”
  “ You may depend upon that. In my
eagerness to see you, I shall ride in the
van.”
  “ But my father must be won slowly, if
we are to win his consent at all,” she told
him. “ You must teach him to trust you,
as you have taught me. Perhaps, when
you come for the visit—”
  “ Then we may be able to tell him?”
  “ Perhaps,” she repeated. “ But we must
keep it secret now. It has all come so
swiftly. And we cannot blame my father if
he is slow to believe that Svend and those
of his house have really changed.”
  “ Then it must be secret,” Edvard
Haakonsson agreed. “ But let us hasten the
day.”
  “ And now you must go, Edvard, my Ax
Thrower. There is peril for you in the
woods. I will return to the tent, and there
pray for your safety. And, if you can,
Edvard, let your heart turn from Odin and
Thor and toward the cross.”
  He would have replied, but one of the
guards turned and walked toward them.
And so he clasped her quickly in his arms
again, and once more he kissed her. And
then he stepped back into the darkness of
the dense woods, and was gone.
  Thyra, her heart singing, turned toward
the approaching guard, acknowledged his
salutation, and hurried toward her tent.
CHAPTER IX.
SAVED FROM SACRIFICE.
SVEND the Bloody and his company re-
mained two days longer at the fair,
during which time Edvard the Ax
Thrower saw Thyra several times, but not
once did he get the opportunity to speak
to her alone.
  Then there came a bright morning when
the jarls took their leave of King Olaf, and
Edvard among them. Tents were furled,
and the gallant companies left the town
of Trondhjem and started back to their
jarldoms.
  His heart and mind filled with love, Ed-
vard Haakonsson did not notice that the
men at arms treated him in a peculiar man-
ner. They gave him respect and the at-
tentions due his station, but none of them
warmed toward him. And each was par-
ticular to do or say nothing that might
form the basis for a quarrel. For Magnus
had passed the warning and had promised
heavy punishment at Svend’s hands if the
order was disobeyed.
  No sooner had he reached the jarldom
than Svend the Bloody commenced prepara-
tions for the visit to Harald, not all of
them, however, being made public. He se-
lected presents, and made up a roster of his
company, choosing the more prominent no-
bles and men of good blood, as though wish-
ing to do honor to Harald, but for a pur-
pose entirely different.
  " We must take some of the maidens with
us,” he told Magnus. “ Harald the Just is
no fool. If we seek to enter his house with
only warriors and thralls, and no women,
it may put him on guard.”
  And so it was decided that Brynhild and
some of the shield maidens should go along,
it being planned for Magnus to whisper the
truth to Brynhild at the proper moment,
so the maidens could be rushed to some
place of safety.
  And now Svend the Bloody took thought
on the enterprise he had planned, and con-
sulted with Magnus frequently. His re-
ligious fanaticism burned brightly. For this
was to be a battle for Odin and Thor, a
service to the gods.
  “ We go not half hearted into this thing,
Magnus,” Svend said. “ We need strength-
ening for our sword arms.”
  “ There is one way to strengthen them.”
“ I already have thought of it—sacri-
fice!” Svend replied. “Olaf Trygvesson
has forbidden it. But we do not take
orders from the king here. We serve our
gods, and let Olaf serve his, and see which
is the stronger.”
  “ You will make it a big sacrifice?”
  “ The greatest!” Svend replied.
  Magnus’s eyes opened wide. “ You—•
mean—a human?” he gasped.
  “ Even so! ”
  “ And the black jarl—”
THE BLACK JARL.
379
  “ Shall not know of it,” Svend declared.
“ Did he know of the sacrifice, he would
wish to know the reason for it. A human
being is not sacrificed these days merely to
ask good fortune on a journey. And it is
my wish that Edvard Haakonsson have no
inkling of our real purpose.”
  “ Then—” Magnus questioned.
  “ We must hold the ceremony when he is
not near. None but the trusted men at
arms will be admitted.”
  “ That is well,” Magnus replied.
  “ Some thrall—any thrall—will serve our
purpose.”
  An evil glint came into the eyes of Mag-
nus as he bent nearer the jarl. “ Does not
our purpose demand the best?” he asked,
quietly. “ Shall we be backward when we
ask good fortune of Odin and Thor?”
  “ How mean you?” Svend asked.
  “ What is a common thrall to the gods?
A little better than sheep or swine, and not
half so much as an ox,” Magnus said. “ Can
we not do better than that in asking the
blessings of the gods on our enterprise?”
  “ Speak!”
  “ A free man!” Magnus suggested.
 “ A free man? Are you out of your
wits? How could such a thing be ar-
ranged?”
“ Eric the Dumb is a free man—now!”
Magnus whispered. “ How I detest the
creature! He follows at the black jarl s
heels like a cur, struts among his betters—”
“ It is an idea! ” Svend admitted.
  “ We can take him at night and bear him
to the sacrificial chamber. After his blood
has bathed the sticks, his body can be
thrown over a cliff. And none will know,
save trusted men! Would not that be
honoring the gods and flinging defiance at
Olaf?”
  The eyes of Svend the Bloody glistened.
“ It would be a noble sacrifice!” he said.
  “ A free man for the gods! Does every
jarl offer such a sacrifice as that?”
  “ You can arrange it?”
  “ I can!” Magnus promised.
  “ So be it, then! To-morrow night, be-
fore the moon shines! ”
  During the day following, Svend and
Magnus whispered to the men they had
chosen. Edvard Haakonsson, dreaming of
seeing Thyra again, noticed nothing wrong.
The great house was a scene of confusion
because of the preparations for the visit.
It had been planned to start soon after
dawn, hence Edvard the Ax Thrower sought
his couch early, wrapped himself in his
furs, and dreamed.
  Outside the door, Eric the Dumb
stretched his great body on guard. He, too,
was dreaming of his new position in the
world of men. Two thoughts were para-
mount in his slow working mind. One was
that when the proper time came Svend the
Bloody should be made to pay for murder-
ing the thrall the day the ship had come.
And the other that Eric the Dumb should
serve the Ax Thrower with his life, and
guard him from harm.
  Finally the great hall was still. The
thralls had finished their work and were
sleeping, and all but a few of the warriors
had prepared for the journey of the com-
ing day. One by one the great torches
burned out, until finally only two remained
to cast fitful streaks of light across the big
room.
  From one of the rooms slipped three men.
They wore armor, but their faces were cov-
ered. From shadow to shadow they darted,
until they came close to where Eric the
Dumb was stretched. Then one of them
uncovered his face and walked forward
boldly, attracting the attention of Eric.
  Eric looked closely at him, but saw noth-
ing more than a warrior pacing back and
forth for a time before he sought his couch.
And as he watched the other two sprang
upon him from behind, smothering his head
in furs.
  Eric fought, but only with half a heart.
The years of thralldom had taught him
submission, and the habit was not easily
broken. Still, he fought. But they bore
him down and stunned him, and so carried
him away.
  Swiftly across the great hall they took
him, and to the door of the sacrificial cham-
ber. They carried him inside, where Svend
and Magnus were waiting.
  “Work swiftly!” Magnus ordered.
“ Bind him well, and stuff his mouth with
fur!”
  Again Eric fought, for his moment of
380
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
semiconsciousness had passed. But again
they bore him down and worked their will.
Thongs lashed his ankles and legs and fas-
tened his arms at his sides. His mouth
was stuffed with a piece of fur, which was
bound there, so that he could do no more
than groan. And then he was picked up
again and carried.
  It was dark in the -sacrificial chamber,
save for the light from a single torch. At
one end of the room stood the altar, and
upon it the bowl filled with twigs, into
which the blood of the sacrifice was to be
poured. Human blood it would be this time
with which the warriors would sprinkle
themselves. And Svend himself would act
as priest, since there was none other handy.
Priests of Odin were scarce since King Olaf
had forbidden sacrifices.
  “It is time!” Svend said. “Summon
the men, but let them come quietly.”
  Magnus and the three who had made
Eric captive went to do his bidding. The
chosen ones were waiting for the signal.
One by one they slipped across the great
hall, and through the door of the sacrificial
chamber. Slowly they gathered, while
Svend the Bloody stood back against a wall,
his arms folded across his chest, a sharp
knife in his belt.
  Behind the altar was a stone table, and
upon this Eric was stretched and lashed,
and the kirtle was cut from his left breast.
Eric knew what it meant, for he had been
in the chamber before. He tugged at his
bonds, and found that they would not give.
They were proof even against his great
strength. He tugged while the perspiration
stood out upon his brow, while his breath
came in painful little gasps, and after a
time he groaned and ceased his struggling.
He knew that it would avail him nothing.
He could only wait for the end.
  Edvard Haakonsson had heard the slight
noise at the door of his chamber when
Eric had been taken. For a moment he did
not get from his couch, only remained there
listening. But presently he got up and
walked across to the door, and opened it.
  He was suq^rised to find that Eric was
not stretched before the door, as he was
usually. And, as he watched, he saw men
slipping furtively across the great hall and
disappearing into another chamber, and
knew them for warriors.
  Here was a thing that needed investiga-
tion, Edvard thought. He knew that the
room into which they had slipped was the
sacrificial chamber. And he knew that it
had a small rear door through which, in
days gone by, the priests had entered.
  He did not even put on his mail or hel-
met. He had no weapon save the knife at
his belt, but he was not thinking of com-
bat. Across the great hall he slipped, opened
one of the huge doors, and went outside.
  It was black night, which suited him.
He slipped around the corner of the great
house, past the sleeping thralls about the
dying fire. So he reached the rear, and
fumbled in the darkness until he found the
little door.
  Cautiously, he opened it and slipped
within. He found himself far behind the
altar, in front of which a torch was burning.
He saw the sacrificial table—and the body
of a man stretched upon it.
  Then he realized the horror, though he
wondered why his kinsman had not invited
him to witness the ceremony. Toward the
altar he went like a shadow, stopping now
and then to listen. He could hear the
voices of Svend and Magnus, some distance
from that terrible slab of stone on which a
human being lay helpless.
  “ There are four more to come,” Svend
said. “ When they are in, bar the door! ”
  Edvard Haakonsson, almost stretched
upon the floor, crept closer to the stone
table. He reached it, and raised himself
slowly and carefully. His hands went up
and felt of the man’s bonds. His head
came up, and his eyes looked into the wide
staring eyes of Eric the Dumb!
  Again he listened, and heard another man
enter the chamber. The time was scant, he
knew. His dagger came out, and he slashed
at the things, at the same time warning
Eric, by a pressure of his other hand, to
keep quiet.
  Again he slashed. Eric started to rise,
but Edvard thrust him back. But finally
the thongs were cut, and he pulled the man
off the stone table and toward him. Eric
tugged at the gag, but Edvard Haakonsson
motioned him to silence, and led the way to
THE BLACK JARL.
381
the little door. They slipped through it,
and into the night.
  “ Go into the woods! ” Edvard command-
ed. “ Let no man see you! But when we
go to the house of Harald the Just, do you
follow us through the forest, keeping out
of sight. You can find me at Harald’s.”
  Eric had torn the gag away. Now he
knelt quickly, and pressed his lips to Ed-
vard’s sandal.
  “ Master—master!” he breathed.
  “ Go!” Edvard said.
  Eric the Dumb fled into the darkness. A
band of sheep had settled for the night at
the rear of the great house, and Edvard
seized a lamb. Once more he crept through
the little door. All the men had entered
now, he guessed. Svend the Bloody was
commencing the ritual. In a short time he
would be at the altar.
  With the thongs which had bound Eric
the Dumb, Edvard lashed the lamb to the
stone table. Once more, like a shadow, he
crept back to the little door. He passed
through it, and closed it softly behind him.
  The words of Svend the Bloody rang
through the sacrificial chamber as he ad-
vanced toward the altar, the others close be-
hind him.
  “Mighty Odin, grant us victory!” he
mouthed. “ Great Thor, give us the added
strength of thy hammer! To thee we make
the sacrifice of sacrifices! ”
  “ The sacrifice of sacrifices!” the others
chanted.
  “ Aid us, Mighty Odin, against those who
would be thy foes! Give us the victory
complete! Send us back again to our
homes, else take us to thy bosom and grant
us the glories of Valhalla! With this blood
of a living thing—”
  He stopped; he gasped; a smothered
curse left his lips. He had reached the
stone table, and his knife was poised to
strike. But no human sacrifice was there—
only a lamb!
  “ A trick—” Magnus began.
  “ Can a man change to a lamb?” Svend
demanded.
  “But how could he escape? Are the
gods frowning upon us?’’
  “ Fool! ” Svend cried. “ Dare you let
such words leave your tongue? Human or
lamb, yet must we have our sacrifice. Stand
back!”
  He continued the ritual, and men sprin-
kled the blood over their heads. And then
Svend, furious, threw open the door of the
chamber, and stalked into the great hall,
followed by the others. Straight to the
door of Edvard’s chamber he went, and
hurled it open.
  A single torch was burning within. It
showed Edvard Haakonsson as he raised his
head sleepily and then struggled out of the
furs, pretending to reach for his weapons.
  “ What is this?” he cried.
  “ It is nothing, kinsman,” Svend the
Bloody replied. “ We were crossing the
hall, and thought we heard you cry out.”
“ Perhaps,” said the Ax Thrower, “ I
was dreaming of battle. Yet why should I
dream of battle when to-morrow we start
on a mission of peace?”
TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK
 U	XJ	XJ
  SAL V A T ION
A LL that he struggled for he loved,
      All that he feared he braved
 Until the coward in his heart
 Went out—and he was saved.
 Yet had he gone where others willed
 Because they thought him weak,
 He would not find in his own heart
    The power he went to seek.
Glenn Ward Dresbach.
By NEWTON FUESSLE
THE caged and watchful look in
Wooten’s eyes was evidently there
to stay, for no mere passing mood
or temporary diffidence could possibly have
implanted it so deeply. His eyes were blue
and mild and singularly agreeable. They
matched the gentle structure of his short,
straight nose, and harmonized with the
clement curvature of his slender lips. Cer-
tainly Wooten was not a man to start an
argument or indulge in verbal backfire. Pie
had come honestly enough by his caged
and watchful look. The one was the prod-
uct of eight years of solitary confinement
in a receiving teller’s pen, and the other
came from being continuously on the look-
out for counterfeit bills and spurious sig-
natures. Prolonged contact with the ready
money of local depositors had ingrained
in him an air of politeness that nothing had
ever been known to ruffle.
  If Wooten ever played soldier during his
boyhood, there was nothing about his pres-
ent appearance to denote that he had ever
led the juvenile onslaught upon glistening
fortresses of snow. The cosmic ladle had
obviously left the ingredients of gusto and
generalship out of his meek personality.
But there was a note of unquestionable
resolution in his compact small chin and
a gleam of fidelity in his watchful eyes that
bore witness that he had the loyalty to
follow if not the genius to lead.
  He was not at all the romantic figure
that Maisie had dreamed of marrying. But
in due course she began to see him through
a borrowed nimbus of glamour that dated
back to a visit to New York during which
she had gone on a sightseeing trip to Wall
Street. The tense, energetic, and myste-
rious atmosphere of banking and finance
had laid commanding hold of her, and from
that day on. the courteous little bank clerk
at home had grown more and more inter-
esting to her. He impressed her as a re-
mote but definite part of the enchanting
world of which Wall Street was the center.
And so she set her cap for him, and finally
became his wife.
  So faithfully had Wooten served his
CAPITAL AND SURPLUS.
383
eight years’ time in the receiving teller’s
cage that soon after his marriage he was
released for good behavior and transferred
to the bond department, where he was per-
mitted to sit at a desk instead of being com-
pelled to stand behind a counter. It
seemed to Maisie that this carried him
a step nearer to the inscrutable drama and
unfathomable power of Wall Street.
  Maisie’s discovery of the extent to which
Wooten was wrapped up in his job did not
disturb her ambitious young soul. It au-
gured well for his future and convinced
her that he was headed straight for the
presidency of the institution. The earnest-
ness with which he labored, and the austere
singleness of purpose with which the little
man slaved for his employers, gave her the
comfortable feeling that he would never
come home to her with the dreary look on
his face of one who has been discharged
and must set out in search of new employ-
ment.
  While she was moved, to be sure, by oc-
casional twitches of regret that he cared
but little for dancing or gadding, and while
she began to realize by degrees that they
would doubtless both have reached an el-
derly period of life before he attained the
dignity and emoluments of an executive po-
sition, she took refuge in the thought that
her husband would never be out of a job,
and that surely, even though slowly, his
status and salary would be advanced.
  Maisie guarded Wooten’s punctuality
like a watchdog, and invariably had his
breakfast on the table promptly at seven
thirty each morning. He never reached
his desk later than nine o’clock, and was
usually the last to leave at night. For
several years he had now been performing
his duties in the bond department, and he
had never made a mistake in figuring the
yield' of a bond issue. So closely had he
applied himself to his work that he was
hardly aware that Maisie had changed.
  Her mercurial enthusiasm had diminished
and she was no longer deceived by her
early hopes that Wooten was headed for
the top. She noticed that other men at
the bank were moving up, but that Wooten
was standing still. She would watch him
with a pitying look as he meekly mowed
the lawn on Saturday afternoons, and would
reflect that no one by the name of Wooten
could possibly cut much figure in the ener-
getic world of finance. She recognized that
he was hopelessly negative and! acquiescent.
She felt panic-stricken and frustrated.
  One bright October morning Wooten fin-
ished shaving and dressing according to his
unfailing schedule, and descended to the
minute dining room of their small suburban
home. But for once he detected no smell
of frying eggs, or bacon, or scrapple in the
air.
  “ You eat your grapefruit a while,” said
Maisie, as she appeared for a moment in
the kitchen doorway. The “ a while ”
harked back to her Pennsylvania Dutch
grandmother.
  Wooten consumed his grapefruit, divid-
ing his attention skillfully between it and
the morning paper’s report of yesterday’s
tendencies on the New York Stock Ex-
change. Each morning he consulted the
financial page with scrupulous care, cher-
ishing the secret fancy that some day New
York might hear of his faithful services and
insist that he pull up stakes and accept
a position with one of the big Wall Street
financial institutions.
  Lost in his dreams, he was unaware that
for some reason his breakfast was being
unduly delayed, and only when Maisie
brought in the rest of his meal did it dawn
upon him that he was twenty minutes be-
hind his habitual schedule. When he con-
sulted his watch a look of pained resent-
ment flitted to his face and he began bolting
his food.
  “ What’s the matter?” inquired Maisie,
watching him with a look of cool amuse-
ment.
  “ I’ll be late to work,” he said critically.
  “ Well, what of it?”
  Wooten gave her a look of grieved sur-
prise.
  “ I’ve never been late to work before in
my life,” he answered pointedly.
  “ What did it get you?” demanded Mai-
sie testily.
  “ What did it get me?” repeated Wooten
in a kind of blank amazement. “ What did
it get me? That’s a funny question for you
to ask.”
384
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
  “ That isn’t any answer,” said Maisie
with a shrug.
  There was something cool, unprecedent-
ed. and deliberate about her manner—some-
thing portentous and disturbing. It created
an atmospheric pressure that had hitherto
been foreign to the house of Wooten; and
its meek little master was quite at a loss as
to how to cope with the situation.
  “ That’s no answer at all,” continued
Maisie, with an air of gentle belligerence.
“ I’d like to know why we should always
have to jump through hoops at this hour
of the day. I take notice that we’re not
getting anywhere in particular. It’s just
the same old thing over and over again,
day in, day out, year after year, and what
are we getting out of it?”
  “ What do you want me to do—lose my
job? Is that it?”
  “ I don’t know that it would be such a
tragedy. I take notice that plenty of oth-
ers are shooting right straight ahead of you,
while you’re standing still. It’s very amus-
ing to hear you talk about your job. One
would think that it was the only job on
earth. There are young men in this town
making five times as much as you are.”
  “ What at?” spluttered Wooten.
  “ Storekeeping; contracting; real estate,”
enumerated Mrs. Wooten pleasantly.
  “ Real estate!” sniffed Wooten.
  “ Yes, and there are a lot of day labor-
ers who make more than we do,” added
Maisie.
  “ At least there’s dignity to being con-
nected with a bank,” said Wooten defen-
sively. “ Money isn’t everything.”
  “ A bank roll means a good deal more
than a bank job," contended the wife impa-
tiently. “ What fun do we get out of life?
We can’t afford to belong to the country
club. We aren’t able to travel. We haven’t
even got a car. Buying a hat or a dress
is such an extravagant transaction that I
feel guilty every time I think about it. I’ve
never had a maid in my kitchen, and never
will have. We’re as poor as church mice—
that’s what we are. I should think you’d
be getting sick and tired of it. I should
think you’d have too much pride to make a
drudge out of me.”
  Wooten looked sternly at his watch.
Never had he lingered so late at a week-
day breakfast. He pushed back his chair
with nervous haste.
  “ Oh, finish your breakfast,” ordered
Maisie. “ If I can stand over a hot stove
and cook it for you, the least you can do
is to take time to eat it.”
  “ But I tell you I’ll be late,” complained
her husband. “ I can’t afford to be late.”
“ Is there anything we can afford?”
  “ You’ve knocked the appetite all out of
me,” declared the bank clerk fretfully. “ I
couldn’t finish my breakfast on a bet. This
is no time to start in on a tirade like this.
I’m just as disappointed as you are that
we haven’t had better luck. But that’s
neither here nor there. I’m doing the best.
I can. I’ve stuck to my job just as faith-
fully as any man ever did. I haven’t
shirked for a minute. You know that as
well as I do.- I’m surprised to hear you
let out such a roar. And if you expect to
gain anything by it, you’re mightily mis-
taken, I’ll tell you that. I never knew you
were so quarrelsome. Whom have you been
talking to, anyway?”
  “ Talking to? I suppose I’ve been talk-
ing to myself. I don’t get a chance to talk
to anybody else. The friends you used to
have at the bank have all become officers
or department heads, and they don’t look at
us any more. Even the Shepherds haven’t
been here for three years. Why should
they, now that he’s a vice president?”
  Into her final question Maisie poured all
her pent-up anger and brooding and despair.
“ You’re so wedded to that job of yours,”
she went on relentlessly, “ that you don’t
even care whether you’re making a drudge
out of me. You don’t care whether I’ve got
any friends. Night after night you bury
your nose in a book about your fool bonds.
But as for getting busy and making enough
money to buy a few bonds, I don’t think
it ever occurred to you. You hardly ever
open your mouth unless it is to talk about
the bank, and the bond department, and
your two-by-four job. Your job! Why,
you’re wedded to it. You may think you’re
married to me, but you’re wedded to your
job. You’re a bigamist—that’s what you
are!”
  Wooten did not answer. He rose, seized
                         4	A
CAPITAL AXD SURPLUS.
385
his hat, stalked savagely to the door, and
slammed it violently behind him. It was
the first time he had ever left the house
without kissing Maisie good-by. His brain
was in a turmoil, his nerves were in a state
of peculiar tension.
  He strode angrily to the interurban car
line, missed the eight fifteen, and realized
that he was stuck until the eight forty-five.
He reflected sullenly that he could not pos-
sibly reach the bank until ten, and that
for the first time he would be more than
an hour late at his desk. His features hard-
ened into a stem and gloomy expression;
he could not think coherently, and the
whole world suddenly seemed topsy-turvy.
  The unexpected events of the morning
had struck a blow to his pride that filled
him with all the fury he was capable of
experiencing. Maisie’s outburst had given
him a wrench that made him feel reckless.
She had never talked to him in any such
terms before, and if this was how she felt,
he reflected grimly, their married life had
descended to the level of burlesque.
  A bigamist, was he? So that was what
she thought of him. In his exasperation,
strange notions began twisting through his
brain. He imagined himself never going
home again, never going to the bank again.
He pictured himself taking a train for some
outlandish place and starting life all over
once more. How would it be, he wondered,
to lose himself in some island in the tropics
and live like a savage? He recalled Maisie’s
rebuke on the score of their lack of worldly
possessions.
  She had angered him, but after all he
had to concede that she was not far wrong.
It was a shame the way she had to work,
while other women no better than she never
had to go near a pan of dish-water. Some
people were certainly bom to good luck.
  He got off the interurban and started
across the street to the bank.
  “Look where you’re goin’!” yelled a
chauffeur with an oath, jamming on his
brakes.
  Wooten jumped.
  “ Close shave, that,” said a familiar
voice, as a friendly hand seized Wooten’s
arm. It was Shepherd, one of the vice
presidents of the bank. “ What are you try-
    5	A
ing to do? Get run over?” he asked good
naturedly.
  “ Why not? I'd never be missed,”
growled Wooten in a tone the like of which
he had never used before in addressing a
superior.	*
  “ Indeed you would be missed,” said
Shepherd.
  Wooten detested the amiable manner in
which the other could utter such common-
place insincerities. He was resentfully
aware of the healthy glow on Shepherds
face, his robust confidence, the springiness
in his walk.
  “ How have you been, old man?” Shep-
herd was asking.
  “ Rotten!” snapped Wooten.
  Shepherd looked at him with unconcealed
surprise. He had never known Wooten to
be anything but sweet tempered and mild
and agreeable. He could scarcely believe
his ears. His interest and curiosity were
aroused. He tightened his friendly hold on
Wooten’s arm.
  “ Look here, old man, this won’t do.
What’s troubling you?”
  “ What the devil do you care what's
troubling me?” demanded Wooten ungra-
ciously.
  “ I care a great deal.”
  Wooten did not answer, and as they en-
tered the spacious bank together Shepherd
added sympathetically: “ Cheer up. Woo-
ten. Don’t feel so down on your luck. I'll
see you later.”
  The clerk went sulkily to his desk, an-
gered by Shepherd’s patronizing air and by
his pretense of interest. He could remem-
ber what a raw young fellow Shepherd had
been when he first went to work for the
bank. He had himself helped break Shep-
herd in, had helped steer him, and show
him the ropes. He had watched him climb
from nothing to a vice presidency. Wooten
realized that he himself had at one time
been the better man of the two, yet to-day
he was the serf and Shepherd one of the
masters.
  He had worked like a dog, and yet, just
as Maisie said, he had stood still while oth-
ers no whit better than he had climbed
right on up to the top. Even Street, the
president, had been nothing but a paying
386
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
teller fifteen years ago. It made Wooten
sick to think of it.
  The manager over Wooten was a square
jawed executive named Jarvis. He had
only recently been appointed to the posi-
tion, and was making a strenuous effort to
key up the department into high speed
performance, and to break a few records for
efficiency.
  “ Good afternoon,” said Jarvis, with a
glance at the clock, as Wooten opened his
desk and began work.
  “ Good evening,” answered Wooten with
a deliberate scowl.
  “ What’s the matter to-day?” demanded
Jarvis, twirling round in his swivel chair and
eying Wooten inquisitively.
  “ There’s nothing the matter with me.
What’s the matter with you?” asked Woo-
ten bluntly.
  “ We used to be able to set the clocks by
you.”
  “ It’s a lovely life being an hourglass,”
replied Wooten sarcastically.
  He picked up a printer’s proof of a new
municipal bond circular, made a final check-
ing of a table of rates, maturities, prices,
and interests. He glanced at the footnotes
and hedge clause, O. K.’d the proof, and
threw it into a wire tray.
  “ What’s that—the circular? The front
office is in a big sweat for that circular,”
remarked Jarvis.
  “ It’s ready for the printer,” said Woo-
ten, sharply.
  “ Many corrections?”
  “ A few.”
  “ I was hoping we could get it on the
press early this morning. ’ That’s the reason
I didn’t want you to drift in here so late
on this of all days.”
  “ You held up the circular yourself for
nearly a week,” retorted Wooten.
  Jarvis’s eyes narrowed. He was in no-
wise accustomed to hear Wooten talk to him
in this manner.
  “ I’ll run my end of the business; you
run yours,” he ordered. “ Get that stuff
over to the printer, and get it there quick.
If there’s no messenger about, take it over
yourself.” There was a snap in Jarvis’s
voice, and an answering snap in Wooten’s.
  “ I’m no errand boy,” said Wooten with
quiet rage, pressing a buzzer for a mes-
senger.
II.
  When Wooten crossed the public square
on his way to lunch he cast a hostile look
at the Chamber of Commerce Building,
where Street and Shepherd and Jarvis and
other officers of the bank foregathered at
noon. He recalled the airs these men put
on, and he recalled with acute satisfaction
that he had talked that morning to at least
two of their number without mincing words.
He had bowed and scraped to them, and
had been their meek and lowly servant as
long as he intended to.
  Since Maisie’s candor at the breakfast
table, it no longer made a vast amount of
difference to him whether he kept his posi-
tion or lost it. Her attack had touched a
buried spring of independence in him. It
had worked changes in him that affected his
whole being and bearing. She had given
his pride a trouncing, had roused it from
its coma, and stirred it to the core.
   There was a subtle difference in his stride,
and his mild blue eyes gleamed with a re-
discovered sense of humor. It had certain-
ly been amusing, he reflected, to talk back
to Shepherd and Jarvis, and to see them
blink.
  Instead of grabbing the usual hasty lunch
at the cafeteria, Wooten did an unprece-
dented thing. He went recklessly to the
leading hotel and spent a dollar and a quar-
ter for a meal. Instead of smoking one of
his usual seven cent Manila cigars, he se-
lected a twenty-five cent Havana, sank into
the deep upholstery of an enormous chair
in the lobby, finished his smoke without
haste, and strolled back to his desk nearly
thirty minutes late.
   It was his first rebellious mood, and there
was a novelty about it that rather fascinated
him. Curious impulses had invaded him,
and he had discovered that there was some-
thing in life besides tranquil and unresisting
servitude.
  Soon after he returned to his desk, Shep-
herd dropped around. He seemed unusually
thoughtful and solicitous. He said: “ I
hope you’re feeling better, old man. Your
manner this morning worried me. Is there
CAPITAL AND SURPLUS.
387
anything wrong with you? How is your
wife?”
  “ Fine. How’s yours?”
  “ Never better. And that reminds me
we haven’t dropped in to see you people in
an age. Going to be home to-night?”
  “ We’re home every night.”
  “ Well, how would it be if we ran over
with the car and took you and the lady for
a spin?”
  “ All right. We’ll be glad to see you,”
said Wooten, and went to work.
  Wooten went home that evening as if
nothing unusual had happened that morning
at breakfast. Toward the end of dinner he
announced that the Shepherds were coming
with their car.
  “ What’s come over them?” demanded
Maisie. “ Did you ask them to?”
  “ Certainly not. What do you take me
for?” asked Wooten.
  There was a mellow bite in the autumnal
air that evening as they motored over the
winding slope of the country roads. Maisie,
beside Shepherd, wrho was at the wheel, felt
a touch of the old gayety that had al-
most deserted her since her marriage to the
bank clerk. They wound up at a roadhouse
eighteen miles from town. There was an
orchestra and there was dancing, and Maisie
danced for the first time in almost a year.
Even Wooten, uneasy at first at being taken
away from his lawn and his volumes on
finance, soon found himself enjoying it.
  Next morning Maisie had breakfast on
the table again on the dot, Wooten was at
his desk at nine, and that evening he re-
turned to his garden hose and later to his
books and pamphlets on public utility
bonds.
  “ I wonder if the Shepherds will ever take
us out again,” remarked Maisie finally. “ It
was wonderful last night, wasn’t it?”
  “ I don’t know that it was so wonder-
ful,” answered Wooten. “ What we ought
to have is a car of our own. God knows
we’ve worked hard enough to own a few
things. We don’t have to be patronized by
the Shepherds.”
  His wife pricked up her ears, but went on
with her sewing.
  Now that fall had come, Jarvis, the
square jawed executive of the bond depart-
ment, started a heavy mailing campaign to
prospective bond buyers throughout the
county. He himself prepared a form letter
to accompany a circular of selected offer-
ings, and prided himself upon having writ-
ten a document with some real selling punch
in it. There was, but in the extensive mail-
ings that followed, the letter went to nearly
all the names listed in the telephone direc-
tories of that and adjoining counties.
Among those who received the letter
was Street’s father-in-law, a crusty old
financier, and one of the chief owners of the
bank.
  When that old fellow was in the midst
of reading the letter he grew red in the
face, and when he had finished it he spent
the next twenty minutes making sarcastic
marginal comments, and dispatched it to
his son-in-law, the president of the bank, in
a great rage.
  Two minutes after the communication
reached Street he strode angrily to the bond
department.
  “ Who wrote this letter?” he demanded,
waving the form letter in Wooten’s face.
  “ Mr. Jarvis, I believe,” returned Woo-
ten, calmly.
  “ Where is Jarvis?”
  “ I haven’t the slightest idea.”
  “ I want to see him. When he comes in
tell him I said so.”
  “ With pleasure sir,” said Wooten.
  The president had by no means had time
to cool off when Jarvis reported to him a
few minutes later.
  “ Who wrote this letter?” demanded
Street, thumping it with his knuckles.
  “ I did. What’s the matter with it?”
  “ Everything’s the matter with it! ” ex-
claimed Street. “ The idea of sending a
letter like that to the principal owner of
this bank, and to God only knows how
many more veteran bond buyers! How
many of these letters went out?”
  “ About a hundred thousand.”
  The president groaned. “ Why, you talk
to these people as if they never heard of a
bond before in their lives. You seem to
assume that they’ve never even learned how
to save their money. You insult them in
practically every paragraph, and then ex-
pect them to come trooping in here and
388
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
become customers. It’s a hell of a letter.
Look at those comments on it.”
   Jarvis read them in silence; then he said:
“ He seems to resent the selling punch.”
  “ Selling punch!” snarled Street. “ The
people of this county bought more Liberty
bonds than any other county in the State.
You don’t have to send them any such
ballyhoo circus stuff as this. If they want
jazz, they can turn on the phonograph.
Don’t let me catch you sending out any
more stuff like this.”
  Jarvis went back to his desk, beckoned
to Wooten, and said:
  “ Don’t mail any more of those form
letters. We’re going to send out a different
kind of a letter. I want you to try your
hand at it. Something very genteel. Write
it as if you were addressing a bunch of old
codgers who never did anything else but
buy bonds. You might refer modestly to
the bank as a fine, old established institu-
tion; but don’t for Heaven’s sake make it
appear that we’re really trying to do any-
thing so crude as to sell any bonds. Oh,
dear, no! Keep the letter so genteel that
it leans backward. Refer only in a most
casual way to our offerings. See?”
  Wooten accepted the assignment without
argument. He suspected what had hap-
pened, and from his knowledge of the
abandoned sales letter he had a fairly
correct notion of the kind of critical fire
it had drawn. He knew that Jarvis had
been on the carpet on account of it. But
he welcomed the opportunity to try his hand
at a new letter, and that night he composed
a dozen different versions before he felt
satisfied with the result.
  After the final polishing and typing,
Wooten delivered the letter next morning
to Jarvis. He watched Jarvis knitting his
brows, and at length heard him burst forth
petulantly:
  “ You didn’t listen to me. You didn’t
do what I told you. This letter is liable
to sell some bonds, and that’s exactly what
I don’t want.”
  “ What’s the letter for? To send out?”
asked Wooten.
  “ Certainly it’s to send out. What else
do we write letters for? That’s a bone-
head1 question to ask.”
  “ Is it?” asked Wooten, unruffled.
“ Since when does the bank send out letters
that aren’t supposed to bring results?”
  A crafty expression gathered in Jarvis’s
eyes. He said: “ I’m afraid the situation
may be a trifle too-subtle for you to under-
stand. This isn’t a matter of brute force,
but of strategy.” Jarvis paused impres-
sively. He looked at Wooten with the de-
tached superiority of a human being con-
templating a worm. “ There are phases of
the administration of such an institution as
this that you could hardly be expected to
comprehend,” he added with slight but
devastating emphasis.
  But instead of being devastated, Wooten
replied with a burst of spontaneous laugh-
ter such as had rarely been heard in the
austere old institution during banking hours.
  It is a painful ordeal to be publicly
laughed out of countenance by a subordi-
nate; and Jarvis’s face grew red.
  “ Stop it,” he snarled. “ You make too
much noise with your mouth. If there’s
a joke, it’s on you. Do you hear? It’s
on you. Get your hat and get out of here.
If you think I'll stand for any insubordi-
nation in this department, you’re mistaken.
Get your hat and get out. You’re dis-
charged; you’re fired.”
  The grin on Wooten’s face was so broad
that when he put on his hat and walked
out of the bank no one who saw him go
had the slightest idea that he had been
dismissed. Before boarding the interurban
for home he stopped at the arcade for a
bunch of roses and a box of candy. In
the sunny sitting room he found Maisie
•ndustriously engaged in knitting a sweater.
She looked at him with that quizzical, ques-
tioning look of misgiving that enters the
eye of the wife of a wage slave who comes
home from work too early in the day.
  “ I’m fired,” he announced1 before she
could make inquiries. In his voice was a
note of unmistakable triumph. “ I got into
a racket with Jarvis and got fired for in-
subordination,” he added with a conscious
expansion of the chest. “ It’s the best day’s
work I ever did. I’ve been a worm so long
that it had become second nature for me
to crawl. But my crawling days are over,
and from now on I’m on my toes.”
CAPITAL AND SURPLUS.
389
  There was a singular look of elation in
Maisie’s unsentimental eyes. “ What are
you going to do?” she asked.
  “ I may try storekeeping, or contracting,
or real estate. In short, I’m going to make
some money.”
  It was by far the most exciting thing
that had ever happened in the house of
Wooten, and as Maisie listened she felt a
curiously satisfying chill running up and
down her spine.
III.
  One week later, down at the bank, and
in the office of the president, Street and
Shepherd were in conference.
  “ That man Jarvis has proved a great
disappointment to me,” Street was saying.
“ His judgment is faulty and his methods
aren’t at all in line with our established
policies. I’ve decided to let him go. I’ve
asked for his resignation.”
  “ It’s not an easy post to fill,” answered
Shepherd thoughtfully.
  “ The manager of our bond department
has got to be forceful and enterprising, but
also tactful and diplomatic,” continued
Street. “ He’s got to know bonds, but
he’s also got to know human nature. Jarvis
antagonizes too many people. I never felt
comfortable with him about. Securities
can’t be shoved into a clientele like ours
with a ramrod.”
  “ At the same time, we’ve got to sell
bonds,” contended Shepherd.
  “ Without a doubt. In selecting a suc-
cessor to Jarvis, we can’t afford to make
another mistake. How about O’Brien?”
  “ O’Brien’s got a good head on him,”
rejoined Shepherd. “ Good personality.
Lots of drive. He’s made a good assistant
to Jarvis. There’s only one thing I don’t
like about him. He worries too much. He’s
got one of those extravagant wives. She
blows in his money as fast as he can make
it. They’re driving too big a car for people
with their income. They entertain an awful
lot. They’ve just traipsed their daughter
off to a finishing school in New Hampshire.
He’s worried all the time. I’ve lent him
money myself.”
  “ All right. O’Brien’s out,” answered
Street. “ What about Smithers?”
  “ Too valuable a man where he is. We
need more assistant cashiers instead of cut-
ting down. I wouldn’t know how to replace
Smithers.”
  “ Haven’t we any tellers who are showing
executive ability?”
  “ You can’t tell much about a man’s ex-
ecutive ability as long as you keep him in
a teller’s cage. Besides, we need some one
who already knows something about the
bond business. I’m afraid we’ll have to fall
back upon some out-of-town man.”
  Street pondered for a moment. “ I don’t
like to go outside the institution if I can
help it,” he objected. “ A bank ought to
be able to train its own executives. I wish
that man Wooten weren’t so namby-pamby.
He’s a quiet, clean cut, serious minded fel-
low, an exceedingly hard worker, and ap-
parently loyal. But he was never cut out
for an executive. He hasn’t enough drive or
force. He’s too damn nice.”
  “ Well, Wooten is no longer with us, any-
way,” said Shepherd.
  “ What’s that?” asked Street, pricking up
his ears.
    He and Jarvis had a row of some sort,
and it seems that Jarvis threw him out
for insubordination,” explained Shepherd.
“ There’s been a good bit of a change in
Wooten here lately. One day last week he
snapped out answers to me in a way that
nearly bowled me over. You know how
painfully pleasant he has always been.
Well, I got to wondering if they could
be having trouble at home. So Mrs. Shep-
herd and I called, but found everything all
right. • Another time I overheard him talk-
ing back vigorously to Jarvis, and the next
thing I knew Jarvis had fired him.”
  “ Fired him?” repeated the president in-
credulously.
  “ Yes, but I never did find out just what
the trouble was all about.”
  “ How long was Wooten with us?” asked
Street.
  “ I don’t know. Probably ten or fifteen
years.”
  “ Any complaint about his work previous
to this blow-up?”
  “ Never heard of any. I don’t even know
that there was any complaint about his
work at the time he was discharged.”
390
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
  “ Well, it’s too bad. I’m sorry it hap-
pened.”
  “ So am I,” said Shepherd, turning to go.
  “ You might get in touch with Wooten
and have him run in and see me some time,”
added the president. “ I’d like to talk to
him myself and find out what’s troubling
him.”
IV.
  When word reached Wooten that they
wanted to see him at the bank, he said to
Maisie:
  “ I know what they want. They can’t get
any one to fill my place at what they were
paying me, and most likely w'ant me back.”
  “ Maybe they’ll be willing to pay you
more,” said Maisie hopefully.
  Wooten’s reply was brusque and menac-
ing.
  “ Well, they’ll have to talk real money
if they want to do business with me,” he
declared.
  After waiting for a few days Wooten
dropped in at the bank, where he was pres-
ently informed by Shepherd that the presi-
dent wished to see him. But when Wooten
entered the large and somber office of the
president, the latter paid1 no attention to
him, remaining preoccupied with the papers
on his desk.
  Wooten cleared his throat, but did not
speak. In the presence of the bank presi-
dent, the old timidity was flooding him
again, the old meekness and subservience
and trepidation. The courage and bellig-
erence he had lately achieved were ebbing
away, and the old cringing weakness was re-
lentlessly taking possession of him again.
He despised himself for his cowardice, and
felt a sudden animosity toward the self-
confident official whose calmness and poise
inspired it. But with a stalwart effort Woo-
ten pulled himself together, and, with a
show of courage that he far from felt, he
said:
  “ I w'as told that you wanted to see me,
Mr. Street. Is that correct?’7
  Street looked up. “ Hello, Wooten. Just
a moment.” For half a minute he busied
himself with his papers, then he leaned back
in his chair and regarded Wooten with a
quizzical air.
  Then: “ I hear you’ve been getting your-
self into trouble, Wooten. What’s the mat-
ter? What does it mean?” asked the presi-
dent in a friendly tone.
  “ I’m afraid I can’t answer that ques-
tion,” replied Wooten respectfully. “ Per-
haps Mr. Jarvis can.”
  “ I’ve talked to Mr. Shepherd, but he
doesn’t seem to know what it’s all about.
No one seems to know. Just what was the
trouble, Wooten?” questioned the president
in a kindly tone.
  “ There was a difference of opinion,” be-
gan Wooten. Then he checked himself.
“ But what’s the use discussing it? It’s a
closed episode. I’m through. But perhaps
I may venture to add just this, Mr. Presi-
dent. There must be something wrong with
a system under which an officer of a bank
has the power to fly into a rage and dis-
charge a man who has put in fifteen years
of faithful service. Don’t misunderstand
me, please. I’m not beefing. I’m out, and
it’s the best thing that ever happened to
me. But I know this, that if one of your
officers has the arbitrary power to assassi-
nate the business career of one of his men
for no reason that any one can discover,
then, if you’ll pardon me, there must be
something radically wrong with the system
under which it can happen.”
  “ Just a minute, Wooten,” interrupted
the president. “ That’s a pretty serious
charge you’re making.”
  “ If a man can be slaughtered right under
your very roof during banking hours,” con-
tinued Wooten tensely, “ and no one knows
why it happened, then there must be some-
thing wrong somewhere.”
  “ Don’t get excited, Wooten. Calm your-
self,” urged Mr. Street.
  “ Calm myself?” echoed Wooten with
a shade of bitterness in his words. “ I’ve
been calm for fifteen years. Fifteen years
I’ve stuck to my job with all the patience
I had. Fifteen years I’ve been a clerk in
this bank, hoping against hope that the
time would come when my value to the
bank would be recognized and there would
be something better in store for me. But
what happened? I remained a clerk—noth-
ing but a clerk.
  “ My wife kept wondering why, but I
CAPITAL AND SURPLUS.
391
couldn’t tell her why. If there’s a streak
of laziness in me, I don’t know where it is.
If there’s any inferiority or inefficiency, I
can’t discover it. I’ve studied, and I’ve
ground, and I’ve stuck. Others have gal-
loped on ahead of me, but my chance never
came. And yet I venture to say that I
know as much about banking as any one in
the place. I’ve worked while others talked.
With the result that the bank hardly knew
I was on earth. Why, this is the first time
in years that I’ve been inside your office.
I had to get fired in order to cross your
threshold to-day.”
  “ Look here, Wooten,” put in the presi-
dent, “ we are not as indifferent about your
case as you seem to think.”
  “ And yet all you know about me is that
for fifteen years I’ve been one of several
hundred clerks who wear green eye shades.
You don’t know what I was fired for, and
you don’t know what I contributed in the
way of work.”
  “ Just what have you been doing since
you left the paying teller’s cage?” inquired
the president with interest.
  “ You’ll have to ask my superiors. Don’t
ask me. Ask Mr. Jarvis. If I tried to tell
you, you might think I was boasting.”
  “ I’ve made some inquiries, but no one
seems to know just what you’ve been do-
ing,” pursued the president.
  Wooten regarded the other steadfastly.
  “ For fifteen years,” he answered dryly,
“ I’ve been on the job early and late. I
never shirked. Yet you don’t know what
I’ve done. Nobody knows what I’ve done.
You’ll pardon me. I’m no longer in your
employ. I’m out. So I can speak frankly.
The books of this bank have to be balanced
every day at the close of business. When
the bank inspectors make their rounds,
everything is in shipshape order. You know
to a cent how much every one of your de-
positors has to his credit. You know all
about the dollar equation, but you seem to
know mighty little about the human equa-
tion. You want to know what value I have
been to the bank, but you can’t find out.
You’ve got to call me in and ask me. Do
you have to ask your customers how much
money they’ve got on deposit? Not much.
It’s your business to know. And if you’ll
pardon the suggestion, it seems to me to be
just as much the business of a bank to know
what an employee has deposited in the form
of service.”
  The president had listened with attentive
interest.
  “ That’s an interesting point of view,
Wooten,” he replied. “ You’ve touched
upon an important point. It is possible that
an injustice has been done you. What do
you propose? What do you want done?”
  Wooten shook his head. “It isn’t for
me to say what should be done. But it
seems to me that if I were in your place
I’d want to know what the department
heads were doing with their power, and I’d
want to know more about the fellows who
are willing to stick patiently to their jobs
year after year and who do most of the
actual work that the executives get the
credit for. The capital and surplus of a
bank like this can’t be measured merely
in terms of money and securities. No—
there’s capital and there’s surplus in the
men at the desks and behind the counters.
Good day, Mr. Street.”
V.
  The president of the bank gazed thought-
fully into space for several minutes after
Wooten had gone. Then he sent for his
first assistant and said to him:
  “ An old employee of the bank has re-
cently been discharged. His name is Woo-
ten. I want to know what kind of a record
he made during his term of employment. I
want a complete and detailed report of what
he has done. I want some one to dig
through the records and find out.”
  No time was lost in carrying out the
president’s instructions. Night after night
the investigation continued. Officials and
veteran clerks were interviewed. Innumer-
able ledgers, files, documents and carbons
were dug into. And as the trail of the dis-
charged clerk was followed up, it disclosed
his services in connection with masses of
important transactions. His painstaking
handwriting, his initials, his O. K.’s, were
found in thousands of forgotten places. It
was found that a score of men who had
subsequently shot ahead of him on the pay
392
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
roll had been turned over to him for in-
struction in their early duties, and six of
them had eventually become officers of the
bank.
  He had blocked three different attempts
at embezzlement. He had written hundreds
of bond circulars, pamphlets and booklets.
He had repeatedly persuaded managers of
the bond department to inaugurate policies
that had worked out successfully and be-
come established practice. His patient and
unobtrusive labors had time and again been
capitalized by ambitious superiors to their
own exclusive credit.
  After a week of investigation the report
was laid on the president’s desk. He read
it attentively and then he called his secre-
tary and dictated the following letter:
  My dear Wooten:
    Since talking to you, I have caused an in-
  vestigation to be made of your services while
  you were in our employ, and am surprised
  at the volume of work and the quality of
  work for which you have been responsible.
    I am indebted to you for some of the sug-
  gestions you made when you were in here the
  other day, and have given considerable
  thought to some of your views. You were in
  the banking business for fifteen years. I have
  been in it for forty years. But you have
  given me some good advice.
    I agree with you as to what you said re-
  garding capital and surplus. The mistakes
  in management you pointed out will not oc-
  cur again if we can help it. We are at work
  now revising our system of accounting to in-
  clude the human equation.
    Drop in and see me again at your conven-
  ience. I want you to come back into the
  organization. We need your help in making
  some of these changes.
Faithfully yours,
                            John Street.
  Wooten read the letter and then handed
it to his wife without any comments.
  “Well!’' she exclaimed happily. “You
have certainly brought them to their senses.
They want you to come back. You will go,
won’t you?” she asked anxiously.
 “ I don’t know'. It depends on what
they’ve got to offer.”
  “ Maybe they’ll be willing to pay you
more,” she said hopefully.
  “ I’m not worrying about that part of it,”
answered Wooten confidently. “ But if I
do go back, I know I’ll get a square deal.
And that’s something.”
U	v	rr
YOU ARE:
  V/OLT are the day
  * In whose white radiance
  My sense can find the time
  For naught but play.
  You are the night
  In whose soft splendor
  My thoughts like twinkling stars
  Do dream of might.
  You are all time
  In which fantastic dreams
  I weave, that have as yet
  No reason and no rime.
  You are all space
  In which there’s room
  For naught, besides the presence
  Of your tender grace.
  You are the tide
  On whose surging roll
  My joys and sorrows, too,
   Forever ride.
Eve Warren.
ionumh
CHAPTER XV.
“ THE PRINCE KNOWS NOTHING.”
JENNY walked up and down the arch-
duchess’s sitting room. She had
switched on all the lights.
  On the mantelpiece a golden flying cupid
held a little crystal clock. It struck nine
with a chime like a musical box. All the
clocks in the castle were kept half an hour
fast; so it was half past eight. She had
been up there nearly half an hour.
  Down in her sitting room the ex-empress
was telling Prince Nicholas the truth.
  He knew it by now. He knew that she
was a fraud. She would never see him
again. He wouldn't want to see her. He
was hating her, despising her. She had
helped to make a fool of him. No man
could forgive that.
  She stood before a mirror. She wore sil-
ver lace over pale rose, and the long chain
of rubies that matched in fire the magnifi-
cent ring on her left hand.
There was no gayety in her mouth. To
hersell she looked ugly and old. The color
in her cheeks and lips stared at her and
made her angry. She took her handker-
chief and rubbed vigorously, leaving cheeks
and lips ghastly white after the glow of
friction had subsided. At least, she need
not do that any more.
  She wondered what they would do with
her. Probably get her out of the castle at
once. Their plan had failed. They would
want to get rid of all traces of their de-
ception. Of course the prince would back
them up, however disgusted he might be.
They would all hang together. She could
see herself being let out of the distant pos-
tern gate and bundled into a swift but in-
conspicuous motor car. Once more being
carried Londonward through the night.
  In memory she heard Nicholas command-
ing her to think of him every second until
he came back. She had obeyed. She had
one of his letters inside her dress at that
moment—a little note that had made her
grow pale as she read it, and bury her face
in her hands and picture his return, quite
This atory began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for November 24.
393
394
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
forgetting that hand in hand with his return
for the wedding must go her disappearance
from the scene.
  It seemed to her that hours passed. Why
did nobody come? Had they forgotten her?
Had the prince gone away at once? It
could not take all this time to tell him.
  How angry he must be! How splendid
he must look when he was angry! Oh,
what a fool she had been to do it! What
had she done but broken her own heart?
  She would never see his dear face again.
He would never hold her in his arms again
and call her “ little girl ” and kiss her, and
look at her with that half wonder in his
eyes as if the fact that they loved each
other were too good to be true.
  Symbolically, she took the ring from her
finger. She held it for a moment, kissed it
passionately, sobbing to herself like a lost
soul, and was about to take it into the
dressing room and lay it in its case, when
the door opened and the Baroness Dora
Luini came in.
  The pale, precise lady looked like an
apparition. She seemed to glide over the
carpet without a word.
  The little crystal clock chimed out the
hour of ten.
  “ Have you heard anything?” the baron-
ess asked. “ Has any one been up here?”
  “ No,” said Jenny dully. “ Do you want
me to get ready to go at once?”
  “ My dear,” said the elder woman, “ the
empress has been taken ill. She is lying un-
conscious. The doctors say it was a stroke.
She was weak, you know. The shock—”
  “ The shock of telling the prince,” said
Jenny solemnly.
  “ I don’t know. She hasn’t spoken.”
  “ But the prince?”
  “ I only saw him for a moment. He
was alone with her majesty when it hap-
pened.”
  “ Didn't he say anything to you?”
  “ No. Only how grieved he was.”
  “ But he must know the truth.”
  “ I suppose so. But it was no time to
discuss it.”
  “ What am I to do? I had better go.”
  “ I don’t know.” The baroness's agita-
tion was painful to behold. “ He asked
to see you—”
  “Oh, no! I couldn’t!” cried Jenny in
horror.
  “ I said you were indisposed. It is only
natural.”
  “ I had much better go at once.”
  “ I don’t know. Supposing—supposing
she did not tell him?”
  “But she must have told him!” cried
Jenny.
  “ Yes, I suppose so. The shock of tell-
ing him must have brought on the attack.
I am at my wit’s end. I must consult the
archduke when he is visible. He is with
the empress now. Countess Grioch and
General Mortis insist on leaving everything
to me. It is hardly fair. But they say
that I was more entirely in her majesty’s
confidence. In this matter, I suppose they
are right. Don’t move from here until I
come back.”
  She left the room, and Jenny gave herself
up to her miserable thoughts.
  The baroness came back about half an
hour later, more distressed than ever.
  “ The archduke—oh, my dear, what a
terrible business this is! He—you know
how simple and silent and vague he always
is! Well, now he is like a child! He wor-
ships her majesty. I can get no sense out
of him.”
  “ I had much better go,” said Jenny
again.
  “ The prince has returned to Broad-
meads, thinking he might be in the way.
He has seen the doctors. He left word
with General Mortis that he hoped to be
able to see you to-morrow. General Mor-
tis is strongly of the opinion that you
should stay here. Of course, the marriage
will be postponed. General Mortis is see-
ing to all that. Fortunately, it was to have
been so quiet that it won’t make much dif-
ference. So it cannot hurt, if you stay for
a day or two.”
  The baroness presented such a pitiable
spectacle that Jenny could not be angry
with her. But it was just the same as ever;
her feelings were not considered in the
least. They expected her to remain in this
odious position; perhaps even to bear the
brunt of the prince’s anger and scorn. But
that she was determined no power on earth
should persuade her to do.
ANOTHER WOMAN’S LIFE.
395
  Jenny was firm. She would not see the
prince when he came the next morning.
They must explain to him. They said it
was quite natural for her to be upset.
  The ex-empress still lay unconscious.
  “ Can’t you tell whether he knows or
not?” the girl asked desperately.
  “ No,” the baroness answered. “ He says
nothing. His manner has not changed in
the least. He seems very much concerned
about you. It is most mysterious. I can’t
help hoping—”
  “ Hoping?” asked Jenny, driven to dis-
traction. “ What can you hope? You
must see that for me it is unbearable!”
  “ You have been so good,” was all the
baroness could murmur, gazing appealingly
into the girl’s white face.
  Toward evening the ex-empress recovered
consciousness. There was a hopeful rally.
Prince Nicholas sent constant inquiries and
said he would remain until he received
definite news and until her imperial high-
ness was -well enough to see him.
  At ten o’clock Jenny was alone in her
rooms, having played with the food served
to her, and half inclined to slip into bed
without summoning the maids, and find
a brief respite from her miserable thoughts
in sleep.
  But the baroness came to summon her to
the ex-empress’s bedside.
  “ Her majesty wishes to see you. She is
extremely weak. The doctors fear the
worst. But her mind is perfectly clear.
Come, please! Her majesty wants to see
you alone.”
  Jenny looked at her dressing gown. The
baroness nodded.
  “ You must change,” she said. “ Her ma-
jesty wishes everything to go on as usual.”
  So it was in full evening dress that Jenny
was taken to see the wonderful little old
lady in her sumptuous room.
  At eleven o’clock Jenny and the baroness
were alone again in the archduchess’s sitting
room.
  The girl was sobbing with a mixture of
awe and grief.
  “ Oh. it was terrible!” she said. “ How
could I do it? And what else could I do?”
  “ My dear, try to collect yourself,” the
baroness urged. “ It is so important.
Everything depends on you now. So her
majesty had not told the prince the
truth!”
  Jenny wiped her eyes and struggled for
calm.
  “ No. She said she was thinking out the
best way to tell him. He had not even
begun to speak of me—I mean, of the arch-
duchess. She was trying to break it gent-
ly to him—and then she remembered noth-
ing more.”
  “ Her majesty is quite herself, is she
not?”
  “ Oh, yes—so wonderful! But she fright-
ened me, too, lying there, with that loaded
revolver by her side, and her eyes—they
seemed to be seeing things in another world!
I felt as if she had already gone away.”
  “ So the prince knows nothing!”
  “ No. And she asked me to stay on un-
til the archduchess came back. She im-
plored me to. She said she was sure to
come back. I could hardly hear her voice
—it was like a silver thread. She made
me give her my promise. I did. Oh, but
I oughtn’t to have done it! It makes it
worse than ever.”
  “ My dear, you were generous and right.
And what difference can it make? There
can be no wedding yet. And her majesty
is right. The archduchess must come back
when she hears of her grandmother’s ill-
ness. She cannot be lost to all sense of
decency.”
  “ But I cannot see the prince! ” Jenny in-
sisted. “ You must understand that. It
would be too hateful. He would condole
with me on her majesty’s illness. I should
have to accept his sympathy and it seems
too utterly low. It is playing the fool with
kindness of heart. I can’t do it, and I
won’t! ”
  “ We must manage somehow,” agreed the
baroness.
  Some one came to the door. It was an
officer of the household to summon the
baroness to the ex-empress’s room.
  There were assembled the Archduke
Gabriel, the ex-empress’s chaplain, and the
principal members of the imperial house-
hold.
396
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
  On the stroke of midnight Melita Ariadne
Marguerite Louise Alexandrine, ex-empress
of Rosemark, breathed her last.
CHAPTER XVI.
jenny’s resolution.
THE funeral ceremonies were over.
There was no news of the Arch-
duchess Stephanie.
  Jenny had resolutely refused to appear as
a mourner. The idea shocked her too
deeply.
  The baroness arranged everything. The
archduchess was seriously indisposed owing
to the shock of her grandmother’s death
on the very eve of her wedding. Such a
condition of affairs was generally under-
stood. The press was most sympathetic
toward the young couple.
  It was announced that the wedding would
be postponed for six months.
  One brilliant April morning, Jenny, clad
in deep mourning, which revolted her sense
of decency and fitness, faced the baroness
with the look of a hunted animal in her
velvet brown eyes.
  “ I know I promised,” she said. “ But
I can’t keep my promise—I simply can’t.”
  “ A promise to the dead,” reminded the
baroness.
  “ But the archduchess has not come
back! She must have heard of the em-
press’s death.”
  “ There must be some reason. She may
be ill. She will come back.”
  The baroness was transformed. Her pre-
cise voice was full of passion—the great
passion of loyalty to the family she had
served all her life. “ It is only a few days
longer. The prince is leaving to-day. I
only ask you to see him once more when
he comes to say good-by. It would be so
cruel to let him know of her majesty’s de-
ception now—so soon after she has been
laid to rest. He admires her so. And she
thought so much of you. Only a day or
two before she died, she said to me ‘ She is
a sweet girl, a good girl. I only wish
Stephanie had her disposition.’ I think, I
believe, she loved you, Jenny. And you
gave her your word—on her death bed.”
  The solemn words seemed to fill the room
with the strange spiritual strength of the
old lady’s presence. Right or wrong, Jenny
was hypnotized. She gave in.
  And just then the chamberlain came to
announce that His Royal Highness Prince
Nicholas of Galmatia was in the library.
  Jenny looked at the baroness in mute de-
spair when the official had withdrawn. The
baroness pointed to her left hand.
  “ The ring,” she said.
  Jenny went into the dressing room and
took the glowing ruby from its case, slipping
it onto her finger. It was another symboli-
cal act. She was putting on her mask
again; she was deliberately helping to break
her own heart.
  In somber black, unrelieved save by the
blood red stones on her finger, she accom-
panied the baroness out of the room.
  In her perturbation the baroness did not
even notice that the girl's face was not
made up.
  “ Oh, Stephanie, you poor little ghost!
I am so sorry—so awfully sorry! ”
  Prince Nicholas stood before Jenny in
the great library, with its somber richness
of books and woodwork, and the famous
collection of Roman and Greek bronzes,
and the mysterious Persian rugs, like car-
pets of flowers, and the real flowers, the
blaze of spring tulips in the copper and
bronze vases.
  “ I feel a perfect beast,” the young man
went on, “ for worrying you to see me. I
didn’t understand somehow that you would
feel it like this. You thought all the world
of your grandmother, I suppose?”
  “ She was very wonderful!” Jenny said.
He made no advance toward her for a
few moments. He stood looking at her.
At last he said in a low voice:
  “ How lovely you are! How much more
lovely than I ever thought!”
  And then even the shadow of death could
not restrain his youthful fire, and he took
her into his arms and kissed her passionate-
ly, hungrily.
  “ Stephanie! You are my little girl still.
I shan't mind going away now I’ve seen
you again. I won’t say anything to hurt
you. sweetheart! Only think of me! That’s
ANOTHER WOMAN’S LIFE.
397
all I ask. My mother will write to you.
Perhaps you’ll be able to come and stay
with her for a little while—later on. They
say we can’t get married for six months
now, don’t they?”
  “ Yes,” Jenny breathed. Half of her was
in heaven, and the other half loathed this
wicked assumption of grief. She did indeed
feel some grief. The ex-empress had never
met any one on whom she had not set a
seal of her magical personality. But this
grief that she was supposed to feel was a
mockery.
  “ Stephanie, tell me you love me! ” whis-
pered the caressing voice.
  And out of the depths of her heart she
confessed it.
  “ I love you, Nicholas!”
  The scene was more than she could bear.
She could see that her sorrow to him was
sacred. He would not speak of himself, of
their plans, not even of their love. He had
asked her for the one simple statement, and
she had satisfied him. But although it was
true, it was also false; and the falseness
seared her soul.
  His arms released her.
  He was gone.
  She had played her part. But this was
the end She took a solemn oath. She had
played these people's game. She had pre-
tended to be what she was not.
  To play the fool with his position, with
his rank, with the political aspirations of
his country and of the imperial family of
Rosemark—that was one thing.
  But to play the fool with his love for her
and her love for him—that was another
matter. And that no power on earth should
persuade her to do.
  This was the end.
CHAPTER XVII.
AN UNLUCKY MEETING.
HAT was a strange day.
  Jenny saw the Archduke Gabriel
for the first time since his mother’s
death. He was now. of course, the head of
the household. The ex-empress had left
him the whole of her enormous fortune and
her estates for his life; and afterward the
Archduchess Stephanie would inherit every-
thing. The ex-empress had already made
a princely marriage settlement on her
granddaughter, so that the absent girl was
probably the richest heiress in the world.
  The archduke made an even stranger im-
pression on Jenny than before.
  “ Do you know,” she said to the baroness
afterward, “ it almost seems as if he thinks
I am really the archduchess. He was so
nice to me this morning; so kind. He said
now we two were all alone, and what a
great loss we had sustained, and how he
hardly felt strong enough to manage every-
thing and I must try to be a help to him.
And he gave me a lot of money, and said
he hoped I would order the meals. It made
me feel so creepy.”
  “ I am afraid his mind is going,” the
baroness answered. “ He has never been
quite like other people. He was in the
terrible battle of Fresinelle as quite a small
boy, and they think it affected him. But
he was a splendid soldier. You can see how
he is wrapped up in his war maps now. It
is a great comfort that he takes you for the
archduchess. Oh, that wicked girl! How
can she have the heart to stay away?”
  It was then that Jenny announced in a
solemn tone of voice:
  “ I cannot meet the prince again. In-
deed, I cannot. If she does not come back,
you must make some arrangement so that it
can be avoided. You must see it yourself.
To accept his sympathy, to pretend—no,
it’s impossible! It’s indecent,” she added
violently.
  “ We must see what we can do.” said the
baroness, looking alarmed. “ My dear,
your sentiments do you the greatest credit.
You see, there are six months. And you
will be expected to lead the quietest of
lives. And the prince would hardly pro-
pose himself to stay here for some time to
come.”
  “ He suggested my going to stay with his
mother.”
  “ We must get over that somehow. But,
of course, of course, the archduchess must
come back.”
  “ I must go away for a few days,” said
Jenny to the baroness a few days later.
398
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY,
“ My brother has gone to the seaside. I
have not seen him since he has been moved
there. He will think something has hap-
pened to me. It is so mysterious the way
I have been sending the money every week.
Besides, I must see him. He is the only
person I have in the world.”
  The baroness hated the risk; but Jenny
was adamant. So it was given out that the
archduchess was confined to her rooms, and
the girl slipped out of the distant postern
gate into the inconspicuous car, and was
driven to a junction on the railway. There
she waited for a train direct to Margate,
where Bertie was.
  “ One of the maids from Argar Castle,”
she heard a porter whisper to a country
woman, who looked at her with interest.
  She found Bertie much as usual. The
air was doing wonders for him physically,
but it did not improve his temper. He
grumbled because she did not come more
often. He did not like the home. He
hated so many open windows. He was al-
ways cold.
  Jenny had meant to go to London, but
she decided not to. She would stay in Mar-
gate for the three days of her absence. In
London she might have run across some-
body she knew. There was the possibility
of a meeting with Marcus Phare. She had
heard nothing more of him, and almost
persuaded herself that she had been mis-
taken in thinking he had recognized her.
The excitement and bewilderment of the
ex-empress’s death had put him out of her
mind. But London was no safe place for
her.
  It was fate.
  On the second afternoon of her stay she
was taking a stiff walk along the cliffs. It
was such a relief after the confined life of
the castle. She was a girl naturally fond
of exercise, and poverty had made her into
a great pedestrian.
  She wanted to breathe fresh air—physi-
cally and mentally. Her life of lies was
telling on her. She saw what a high price
human beings paid for earthly greatness.
She had a hundred pounds in her hand
bag, and, if she chose to take it, a good in-
come for life was guaranteed to her. But
she was utterly miserable, and she wished
herself with all her heart and soul back at
Mme. Lacour’s, the humble manikin, with
her heart in her own keeping, and able to
look every man in the face.
  The past was spoiled for her. She did
not suppose she could ever go back to it.
And the future she dared not think of. It
held the unspeakable moment, the moment
in which Nicholas discovered the truth.
  On her return she passed the large hotel
at the eastern end of the town. A man was
just coming down the steps of the glass-
covered porch. He was protected against
the keen north wind by a thick ulster and
a white woollen scarf.
  As Jenny passed, he stared hard, made
a little sound of astonished recognition, and
started in pursuit. Jenny, all unaware, was
going over her parting with Nicholas in her
sorrowful mind.
  A quiet voice sounded behind her.
  “ Is it your imperial highness, or is your
visit here incognito, and should I say Miss
Devon?”
  She turned to meet Marcus Phare’s smil-
ing gaze.
  It was sheer cruelty. She had not gone
to London for fear of meeting him. And
here he was. And he had recognized her.
  Blindly she set her feet on another path
of lies. There seemed nothing else to do.
  “ I don’t understand you, Mr. Phare,”
she said coldly.
  “ Don’t you? Perhaps I didn’t make
myself clear. I went to Argar Castle near
Lordstone not long ago with a deputation
to wait on Her Imperial Highness the Arch-
duchess Stephanie of Rosemark with a wed-
ding present. She received us in company
with her fiance, Prince Nicholas of Galma-
tia. And the royal lady was none other
than yourself.”
  “ I cannot understand you,” Jenny said
again.
  “ You are going to deny it, then? Of
course you would. I have been investiga-
ting portraits of the lady. You are amaz-
ingly like her. But I knew you at once.
There is only one Jenny Devon in the
world.”
  “ I think you are mad, Mr. Phare,” said
Jenny scornfully.
  “ Oh, no! But deeply interested. I am
ANOTHER WOMAN’S LIFE.
399
going into this. Of course, the main idea
is clear enough. For some reason the
young lady is absent, and you are taking
her place. But does the prince know? He
is a good-looking boy, isn’t he? How do
you like being engaged to him?”
  “ I don’t know what you are talking
about.”
  “ It must have been pretty awkward
when the empress died,” went on the suave,
mocking voice. “ I noticed that the arch-
duchess was overcome with grief and kept
to her own apartments. I suppose you
wouldn’t like to tell me the truth?”
  Jenny flashed him a withering glance.
She was half paralyzed with fright, but
there was too much at stake.
  “ I shall try to find out,” said Phare
blandly. “ You see, I am very much in-
terested in you. I would hate you to come
to harm. It seems to me that you are
playing a slightly dangerous game. I think
I can get into touch with some one who
would help me. I know one of the arch-
duchess’s most intimate friends. I never
had the honor of being presented to her—
until the other day. You were quite de-
lightful, I must say.”
  “ Really, Mr. Phare, I wish you would
not talk such nonsense,” said Jenny. “ I
haven’t the slightest idea what you mean.
I am here visiting my crippled brother.”
She walked very fast. He kept step with
her.
  They were about to cross a side street
when two ladies came round the corner.
Both were elderly, distinguished-looking,
and dressed in black. One of them gave
Jenny a startled glance, then stopped and
made the slight regulation curtsy that the
occasion demanded.
  The girl hurried on, the man by her side.
Her cheeks were flaming.
  Phare looked back.
  “ The ladies are glued to the pavement,”
he chuckled, “ wondering why you did not
acknowledge the salutation.”
  Jenny’s heart was pounding. She was
ready to cry with distress. There were
quite a number of people in the castle who
did not know that she was not the arch-
duchess. That lady must be one of them,
and must have recognized her.
  “ It is a great game,” said Phare. “ I
admire you intensely. You’re as clever as
you’re beautiful, and as plucky. I want
you to be my wife, and I hope you’re going
to say yes. Indeed, I am sure you are.”
  “ Is that a threat, Mr. Phare?” she
asked.
  “ No. But I warn you I’m going into
this business. It is far too interesting to
drop. Unless, of course, you’ll tell me all
about it.”
  “ There’s nothing to tell,” Jenny said.
“ You are making a ridiculous mistake.
Good-by, Mr. Phare. I'm going to see my
brother.”
  She left Margate the next day, full of
terror. She saw nothing more of Phare,
but the thought of him was always with
her, sinister, menacing.
  And yet, frightened though she was, she
could not bring herself to tell the baroness
about him.
CHAPTER XVIII.
THREE MEET.
TWO days later, Jenny was alone in the
archduchess’s sitting room in Argar
Castle.
  It was about half past seven o’clock.
She had a book open on her lap, but she
was not reading. Time hung heavily on
her hands. Of necessity she had no com-
panionship. The baroness was busy with
General Mortis, sorting out their late mis-
tress’s papers. Other members of the
household she hardly ever saw. She took
her meals in her own rooms, except when
the Archduke Gabriel invited her to share
his table. But that was more painful than
anything else. He was convinced that she
was his niece, and to play her part with
him was the greatest of all her difficulties.
  Everything was at a standstill. She had
no ordinary relaxations, no housekeeping,
no shopping. Her mourning clothes had
been sent down by Mme. Lacour without
fittings. The trousseau, of course, was
hung up until the first period of mourning
should be over.
  Life was just a dull waiting for the arch-
duchess to come back.
400
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
  Jenny rose and walked over to the win-
dow, and looked out at .the quiet waters
of the moat, reflecting the pale primrose of
the evening light.
  The door opening made her turn, and she
saw a stranger come into the room. It was
a woman wrapped in a dark fur coat with
an enormous collar. She wore a fur cap
and a thick veil, and as she raised it, Jenny
had the curious experience of looking into
a face the very living image of her own.
  She could see the likeness herself, and
had to own that it was extraordinary. Of
expression she could hardly judge; but the
vivid make-up struck her, and she realized
that hers had never been quite so obvious.
Also she noticed the much more careless
carriage, an assurance born of a position
that could never be called in question.
  So this was Stephanie of Rosemark. She
had come back.
  “Well, my little substitute!” said the
archduchess, and Jenny heard the difference
in the voice and w:ondered how Prince
Nicholas could ever have been taken in.
“ I’ve stolen a march on you! I wanted
badly to see you. I slipped into the castle
and found one of the old servants one can
trust and put him on his honor not to tell
anybody I am here.”
  She surveyed Jenny with mocking but
not unfriendly eyes.
  “ You’re prettier than I am,” she said.
“But we really are as like as two peas.
I’ve been ill. That’s why I didn’t come
before. Poor old grandma! I have been
a nuisance to the whole lot of you. No
wonder Nicholas fell in love with you, my
dear! I suppose you’ve had some grand
times together. And now he’s gone back
to his country! Well, what do you think
of me?”
  “ Your imperial highness,” began Jenny
slowly.
  “ Oh, stop the imperial highness, my
child!” cried the careless voice. “You
know what it is to be one yourself.”
  “ I’m glad you’ve come,” said Jenny from
the bottom of her heart.
  “ What? Tired of poor Nicholas al-
ready? But I don’t know that I’m going
to stay altogether. I’m pretty fed up with
the life I’ve been living. Being hunted is
no fun, I can tell you. I feel quite sorry
for the fox.”
  She glanced mischievously at the ring
Ofi Jenny’s finger. “ I say, our young man
has good taste, hasn’t he?” she asked.
Then she stopped, holding up her hand to
enjoin silence.
  There were sounds in the adjoining room.
She ran to the communicating door and
locked it. Then she came back to Jenny’s
side.
  “ I want to talk to you before anybody
sees me,” she whispered. “ I suppose the
maids have come to dress you. Come with
me. We’ll slip down to the library by one
of the back stairs. It’s a room that’s never
used. Nobody will disturb us there. Prob-
ably old Luini will be looking you up here
before long. I’ve got a lot to say to you.”
  Jenny could do nothing but comply.
Also she was deeply stirred by the fascinat-
ing, careless figure with lines of a secret
history already w’ritten on her young face.
  She followed the archduchess, and they
slipped down a side staircase at the end of
the corridor.
  They met nobody on the way to the li-
brary. The archduchess opened the door,
and they went in, Jenny shutting the door
behind her.
  The room was lighted up. As they en-
tered, a tall young man rose from a chair by
the fireplace. He wore an ulster, thrown
open, and a tweed traveling suit under it.
It was Prince Nicholas.
  Jenny stood rooted to the spot. Stepha-
nie gave a little laugh.
  All three gazed at each other in profound
silence.
   Jenny’s first sensation, curiously, was one
of immense relief. The truth was out. The
deception was over. She could breathe
again. It was as if a great load were sud-
denly lifted from her.
  Her second sensation was one of anger at
the archduchess’s frivolity. How could she
laugh at such a time?
  How Prince Nicholas came there was a
mystery. He was supposed to be back in
Galmatia. There had been no expectation
of his return.
  But there he was, and for a few' moments
                          5	A
ANOTHER WOMAN’S LIFE.
401
—each seeming an endless age—he looked
from one girl’s face to the other. His eyes,
dark and cold as a thundercloud in winter,
rested finally on Stephanie, who stood
careless, and to Jenny’s eyes insolent, just
as she had sat her horse in the film that the
girl had seen on that dreary Sunday now
more than six weeks ago.
  “The girl of the hunting field!” said
Nicholas at last.
  Then he looked at Jenny, and his eyes
grew more threatening still.
  “ The girl of the little china room!” His
voice was low and he spoke as if to himself.
The next moment it rang out harshly:
“ Ladies, I make you my compliments.
You have both fooled me beautifully.
Would it be presumptuous to ask for an
explanation?”
  Jenny had' once thought how splendid he
would look when he was angry. She saw
him now. It was a cold, imperious wrath;
his eyes were like stones; his face was white
under the tan; on his temple she saw a blue
vein throbbing; his lips were curved in a
scornful smile.
  She was dumb. She stood, head bowed,
the picture of misery, of fear, of repentance.
A convicted sinner, deeply conscious of her
sin.
  “ The explanation is simple,” began
Stephanie lightly. She moved over to
Jenny and put a careless hand on her shoul-
der. “ You are not to blame this pretty
little girl, my dear Nicholas.”
  At that moment the door opened, and the
Baroness Dora Luini came in.
  She gave one look at the trio, then a wild
shriek, which she tried hard to smother with
her hands. Her knees gave way and she
sank into a chair.
  Nicholas bowed to her.
  “ I am only asking for an explanation,
madame. Do not alarm yourself.”
  Long training came to the distracted
lady’s aid. The passion of her loyalty to
the great house of Rosemark surged up in
her and gave her strength.
  She rose and mechanically curtsied to the
prince. She was trembling still and her
whole being was given over to devastating
despair. But she did not show^ff' She had
acquiredcMiposure 'and dignity; it was as
   6	A
 if the collective spirit of the imperial family
 of Rosemark had entered into her, in order
 that she might defend their cause.
   “ I beg leave of your royal highness to
 make the explanation,” she said. “ Neither
 her imperial highness nor this young lady
 is to blame. Have I your royal highness’s
 permission?”
   “ Certainly. Please go on, madame.”
   “ I will ask her imperial highness to allow
 me to conduct your royal highness to an-
 other room,” said the baroness. “ I will
 ask this young lady to wait here and her
 imperial highness to go to her own apart-
 ments.”
   “ My good old Luini,” interrupted
 Stephanie, “ not a living soul knows I’m
 here. I came in by a back door, and only
 old Victor saw me, and he won’t tell. I
 went up to my rooms and found my little
 substitute there. I brought her down here
 because I wanted to talk to her undisturbed.
 I had no idea that Prince Nicholas was
 going to complicate matters like this. It
 can’t be helped now. I’ve given the whole
 show away. It’s all my fault, of course,
 and you can blackguard me all you like.”
   “ I have not been back to Galmatia,”
 Nicholas put in. “ I had a message from
 my father, telling me to go to Paris on
 some private matter. I stayed at our em-
 bassy incognito. I came back before going
 home because I wanted to see—” He
 stopped short. His eyes were fixed on
 Jenny, who dared not look up. “ Because
 I wanted to see the archduchess,” he con-
 tinued in a frozen voice.
   Then Jenny did look up. She met his ac-
 cusing eyes, and gave him one wild look of
 adoration and despair.
   The baroness and the prince left the
 room after Stephanie had gone. She pro-
 tested that she wanted to talk to Jenny,
 but the lady in waiting pointed out that
 the archduchess must be in her rooms to be
 dressed for dinner.
   Stephanie gave way. The baroness was
 all authority. She dominated both the
 headstrong girl and the furious prince.
 Jenny was left alone in the library.
 l0r)Half :-an hour later the baroness came
 Jback. She sat;idown and put her hands to
402
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
her head. Jenny, who was walking up and
down the room, paused.
  “ The prince has gone,” said the lady
in waiting in a thin, tired voice. “ He did
not wish to stay. I would not urge him.
His car was waiting outside. He wouldn’t
even stay to dine. Oh, what an awful thing
that he should have come back!”
  “ What did he say?” Jenny asked.
  “ Very little; hardly anything. I told
him the truth. Of course, I made light of
the archduchess’s escapade. Oh, why did
she come back like this? Hasn’t she caused
us enough misery already?”
  “ I suppose he was very angry.”
  “ Yes, very. It’s quiet, cold anger that
frightens you. I suppose he was more
angry because he was taken in. He’s going
home at once.”
  “ I suppose he will not—break off the
engagement?” asked Jenny. The words
sounded banal and silly.
  “ Oh, no, he would not do that! He
did not speak of it. You see, it is all ar-
ranged. It would be impossible. Think of
the scandal. And besides, the marriage is
still as desirable. Circumstances have not
changed.”
  “ No,” thought Jenny bitterly—“ only
the girl.”
  “ There are six months before the wed-
ding. The unpleasant impression will pass.
Now that the archduchess has come back,
it will be all right. I am sure we can never,
never thank you. You have behaved ad-
mirably throughout.”
  “ I had better go now.”
  “ Yes. It will be safer. One cannot take
risks. I will take you up to my rooms and
fetch your clothes for you. You must have
some food up there, and I will order the
car to fetch you about ten o’clock. I am
so sorry it’s so late. But we must take no
risks.”
  Jenny took the ruby ring from her finger
and laid it in the baroness’s hand.
“ I shall be glad to take off this mourn-
ing,” she murmured. “ It—it stifles me.”
“ You have behaved admirably through-
out,” the baroness repeated. “ We can
never make it up to you.”
  No, they could never make it up to her.
They could not bring back the love light
into Prince Nicholas’s eyes. Now she would
certainly never see him again. That was
her last look at the beloved face, with the
furious harshness in the eyes and the cold,
reckless smile on the lips.
  She had helped to fool him, and he hated
her.
  The archduchess demanded to see Miss
Devon. She insisted. She threatened.
  So it was arranged. Jenny consented
unwillingly enough, although she could not
help a certain curiosity. But she was too
wretched to have any strong feelings except
about her own sorrowing heart and her
empty future.
  Dressed in her plain coat and skirt, with
her hat on, she went up to the orange and
gold sitting room, while some trusted ser-
vant kept the coast clear.
  Before, she had had a clear understand-
ing with the baroness. She would take no
money except what was absolutely needful
for Bertie’s and her expenses until she could
find work again. The baroness pressed a
thousand pounds on her. She took a hun-
dred. She wanted to give back the pearl
necklace and the diamond and topaz brace-
let. The baroness implored her to keep
them. The pearls her late majesty had
especially chosen for her from her own jewel
case. She had worn them herself as a young
girl. She wanted Miss Devon to have them.
She had such a real feeling of gratitude
and kindness toward her. She had so thor-
ough!}' understood that Miss Devon wanted
no money for what she had done.
  Jenny gave in, and kept the pearls, but
the bracelet she gave back. It could only
embarrass her. The baroness almost tear-
fully begged the girl to let her know if she
were ever in need of help. She must not be
too proud. She must realize that she had
done more for them than they could ever
repay.
  Jenny got the impression that the bar-
oness did not fear for the future. The arch-
duchess had come back. The prince might
be angry, but he was bound by the rules
of his caste, as all men and women were.
After all, when he agreed to take Stephanie
for his bride he had never seen her. It
could not make much difference to him.
ANOTHER WOMAN’S LIFE.
403
  Jenny found Stephanie in a deep chair,
smoking a cigarette. The remains of a
meal were on a table. Jenny herself had
pecked at some food up in the baroness’s
room, in order to please that much per-
turbed lady.
  The archduchess wore a filmy black gar-
ment with flowing sleeves and a knotted
girdle of dull black beads. She had no
make-up on her face, and her skin looked
sallow, and there were hollows under her
eyes. She said she had been ill, and she
looked it.
  Her face fascinated Jenny more than ever
—that face so like her own and yet to-
night so different. The secrets were show-
ing through; something sad, something re-
bellious, something desperate. She was not
wearing the ruby ring.
  “ I want to talk to you,” she said, and
through the carelessness of her voice sound-
ed a quality that played on Jenny’s feelings
like nervous fingers on a harp. “ Do you
know, I have absolutely nobody to talk to.
I never have had. My head is bursting with
things to say. It’s so queer looking at you
—so like me, and yet not a bit. Prince
Nicholas was taken in—actually thorough-
ly taken in. He didn't understand me when
I turned up before. He thought I was ca-
pricious and being horrid to him. He fell in
love with you at first sight.”
  “ Please, your imperial highness,” said
Jenny faintly.
  “ Don’t call me that. For Heaven’s sake
be natural! Nobody is natural with me.
My grandmother never was. She believed
in discipline. My Uncle Gabriel is dotty.
I’ve always been on my own—inside of me,
if you understand what I mean. At least,
listen to me. I trust you. I know you won't
go back on me. You’re as good as you’re
pretty. I’m not good. I loathe the life here
—everything about it. I loathed the idea of
this marriage—from the first. Imagine
being engaged to a man you’ve never
seen! But you understand that now—that
is why I can talk to you—that’s why I
must talk to you. Do you know where I’ve
been? Tell me straight.”
  “ I was told,” said Jenny, hesitating.
  “ That I’d run away with a man? With
Count Saxt?”
  “ Yes.”
  “ Well, it’s true. The first time I put
them off the scent. We hadn’t time to get
married, and there were other difficulties.
So I pretended to come back like a good
girl when I was found. And I told them
the count had nothing to do with it. But
he had. The second time we had laid all
our plans. We got married—”
  “ Married!” exclaimed Jenny in amaze-
ment.
  “ Well, we went through a form of mar-
riage. My people wouldn’t allow it was a
marriage, of course. I was crazy about
him, you see. I can’t help telling you all
this. I must tell some one. You know, I
suppose, that they followed us—Monsignor
Stellaria, my confessor, and other people he
employed. We were hunted and harried
from place to place. But we gave every-
body the slip and got to Constantinople,
where for the moment we were safe. Am I
boring you?”
  “ Oh, no,” said Jenny, her eyes fixed on
that vivid, haggard, mysterious face now
quite unlike her own—the face not of a
girl, but of a woman at grips with life.
  “ Count Saxt has deserted me,” said the
vibrant voice, careless even in its naked
misery.
  “ Oh!” gasped Jenny.
  “ That was why I was ill—in Constan-
tinople. It nearly killed me. I tell you, I
was crazy about him. I worshiped him.”
  “ But—how could he do such a thing?
You were married.”
  “ I felt I was married. I would never
have looked at another man.”
  “ Didn’t he—love you?”
  “ Who knows when a man loves or when
he doesn’t? They got at him—my people.
I found out afterward. They bought him.
That’s what men are. I gave up my posi-
tion—everything—to go and be his wife.
I would have lived in a garret with him,
in a slum—anywhere. My people said it
was no marriage. They bribed him. He
took money from them—money to desert
me.”
  Jenny was shocked to the depths of her
being.
  “ How awful!” she said. She forgot the
insolence, the harshness, the unsympathetic
404
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
frivolity that the girl displayed; she saw
only a woman shamed and humbled. She
looked into a naked soul.
  The archduchess took a flat locket from
under her dress. It was of gold, and had
some letters in diamonds on it. She opened
it and handed it to Jenny.
  “ I was crazy about him,” she said again.
“ You don’t wonder at it, do you,”
  Jenny looked at the man’s face. It was
not a very young face. It was handsome
in a barber’s block way—wide liquid eyes,
curved lips, a silky-looking mustache,
rather curly hair. A weak, insipid-looking
face. And the girl loved him passionately,
and Prince Nicholas, with his masterful,
manly beauty was merely a cypher to her!
  “ What are you going to do,” Jenny
asked.
  The archduchess shrugged her shoulders.
“ He has deserted me. He slipped away
without a word, leaving a note, explaining
things. Explaining things! That’s what
men are! I would have stood with him
against the world. He listens to my peo-
ple! The marriage will be annulled. My
marriage will be no marriage.”
  “ And you will marry Prince Nicholas?”
“I suppose so. If he will have me!”
She laughed with an indescribable bitter
levity, and repeated:
  “If he will have me!”
CHAPTER XIX.
A THREAT.
A MONTH later, on a sultry May eve-
ning, Marcus Phare was passing
^ Charing Cross station when he en-
countered Jenny Devon coming out of the
gates. Her skin looked whiter than ever;
her eyes were full of even sadder questions;
she was dressed in deep black.
  He took off his hat, and held out his
hand, saying in his quiet, dangerous voice.
  “ I was wondering what had become of
you. So you’ve given up your role as royal
understudy for the moment? But I see
etiquette has a hold over you. You are in
mourning for the late empress, I take it?”
“ I am in mourning for my crippled
brother,” Jenny said coldly.
  The man’s voice changed to a note of
concern.
  “ Oh, I am sorry! Forgive me! It was
unpardonable. Did the poor little chap die
suddenly?”
  “ Yes—the end was quite sudden. He
was at Margate. Everybody thought it
was doing him good. Then he caught a
cold—and pneumonia. He hated the
place,” she added, almost childishly. “ He
didn’t like the open windows. He said he
was always cold. And now he’s dead. He
was buried to-day.”
  “ Look here,” said Phare, reading signs
of exhaustion in'her voice and manner, and,
no doubt, a certain weakness that might
further his own ends. “ You're coming to
have some dinner with me. I insist. You’re
tired to death. I’ll take you to a quiet
place. Why, you poor child, you’re ready
to drop!”
  He hailed a taxicab and put her into it.
It was just about seven o’clock. He had
been going home to dress and dine at his
club.
  Jenny did not resist. Her nerves were
on edge; there was thunder in the air; she
had eaten nothing since the morning. She
felt utterly desolate. She had not known
herself how she clung to poor, disagreeable
Bertie as the one person belonging to her.
Now she was all alone in the world.
  The taxi drove a very short distance and
stopped in front of an old-fashioned restau-
rant that had taken a new lease of life.
  They were shot up in a lift to the very
top, and entered a large room decorated
like an Italian garden on a hilltop, with
cleverly painted walls showing beautiful
landscapes, and the tideless blue sea below.
About the tables were arbors of vine,
orange, and lemon, cunningly lit up.
  “ This place never fills up until supper
time,” Phare said to Jenny. “ You needn’t
be afraid if you don’t want to be seen.”
  He ordered a choice little meal. A hid-
den orchestra played Italian airs. Some
of the glamour of the south seemed to creep
into the girl’s weary veins, and a good deal
of it was certainly to be heard in Marcus
Phare’s voice.
  “ I am lucky to have met you. I have
been thinking about you all these weeks.
ANOTHER WOMAN’S LIFE.
405
I suppose you are an independent young
lady now.”
  “ What do you mean?” she asked.
  “ That your working days are over.”
  “ You are wrong. I am working very
hard.”
  “ As a manikin?”
  “ Part of the time.”
  “ Eut not at Mme. Lacour’s?”
  “ No.”
  “ That would hardly do—now.”
  He smiled at her disarmingly. His man-
ners were really perfect. There was some-
thing oddly attractive, too, about the mix-
ture of the libertine and the intellectual in
him. Jenny hated and feared him; but she
could not help feeling that charm. No
woman could. There were not a few wom-
en of the great world who would have been
glad to be in the girl’s place that night.
  He encouraged her to eat and drink.
Life and animation soon came back to
her. She was so young, so superbly
healthy. Neither nervous strain nor sorrow
could long injure her beauty.
  When he had lit his cigar, he leaned
across the table and said:
  “ I may as well tell you—I know all
about it.”
  “ About what?”
  “ About the Archduchess Stephanie.”
  He turned round and called a waiter, ask-
ing him to bring some illustrated papers.
He did not speak until they were brought.
Neither did Jenny.
  He opened one, and gave it to her.
  It was a picture of the archduchess and
the Archduke Gabriel attending a requiem
mass for the late empress in the chapel at
Argar Castle, celebrated by a special emis-
sary of the Pope. Jenny had seen a much
worse printed replica in one of the daily
papers. There was also a picture of a mag-
nificent wreath sent by Prince Nicholas of
Galmatia, and a snapshot of the prince
taken at some public function while in
England. He was fiddling with his tie in
a way he had. Jenny remembered his do-
ing it when he was with her at the laying
of the foundation stone of the Children’s
Hospital, and when they received the depu-
tation of which her present host was a
member.
  “ The young lady has returned,” said
Phare in a low voice. “ And so you are
just an ordinary person again, Miss De-
von?”
  “Please, Mr. Phare!” she protested.
  “ You may as well listen to me. I told
you in Margate I should find out all about
it. The archduchess ran away with Count
Saxt with whom she was infatuated, and
you, being her double, were induced to take
her place. She has been abandoned by
Saxt and has returned home, and no doubt
there has been the devil to pay. You and
I are the only outsiders who know this in
the whole world—or so I imagine. I as-
sume that the prince was taken in at first.”
  Jenny caught her breath. Was there any
use in denying the story?
  “ I presume the marriage will take place
in due course,” Phare went on. “ The se-
cret has been well kept. You were on the
spot. And I don’t suppose Nicholas wants
the world to know how he was fooled. But
the world would enjoy the story, wouldn’t
it.”
  “Oh!” gasped Jenny.
  “ There’s nothing to stop my telling it.”
  “You couldn’t do such a cruel thing!”
  “ I don’t know.” He played idly with
his coffee spoon. His steely blue eyes were
fixed on her flushed face.
  “ Mr. Phare, what good could it possibly
do you? To make such a scandal! What
have they done to you? The poor empress
is dead. You would drag her name into it,
too? You would ruin the archduchess’s
life, and the prince’s?”
  “ It would not do me the least bit of
good in the world,” he answered frankly,
“ unless it helped me to win you for my
wife.”
  “It could never do that!” Her breath
came in gusts of indignation.
  “ Are you sure? Why won’t you be sen-
sible? I don’t know whether you’ve fallen
in love with the prince, but you can’t pos-
sibly marry him. Do you want to go on
slaving all your youth for a few shillings
a week, wearing yourself out? I can give
you nearly everything in the world. You
would be one of its richest women. You
are wonderful; much more than beautiful.
You have power over men. You weren't
406
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
out of place in Argar Castle. You certain-
ly wouldn’t be in my houses. I’m quite
frank. At first I wasn’t sure, but now I
know that I want to marry you.”
  “ But I don’t want to marry you, Mr.
Phare,” said Jenny, stiff and distant, al-
though her heart was thumping with fright.
  “ Well, perhaps this knowledge of mine
will help you to change your mind.”
  “ But you couldn’t be so cruel as to do
it! Besides, who would believe you?”
  “ I think I could prove it. And, any-
how, royalties can’t afford even rumors.
They have all to be like Ca?sar’s wife.”
  “ Oh, but you couldn’t do such a thing!”
  “ Why not?”
  He looked at her with his disturbing,
covetous gaze. Then he smiled.
  “ I’m not going to be in a great hurry.
I’ll give you time. I’ll say nothing more
for a week or two. You can think it over.
Only—don’t try to escape from me, to hide,
because it won’t be any good. And now tell
me all about yourself.”
  Jenny kept a brave front. She talked in
an ordinary way. The man took stock of
her, following his own train of thought,
making his own deductions.
  When he saw her into a cab, his eyes
pierced her with their blue fire. His quiet
voice seemed to take possession of her.
  “ You are a wonder! There’s nobody
like you in the whole world. You’re a
woman who can't be bought with money.
You’ve done all you’ve done for these peo-
ple at Argar Castle, and you've never got
anything out of it.”
  He shut the door of the cab, and gave
the driver her address.
  Then he leaned through the window
again, and said more quietly still.
  “ Little Jenny, all women have a price.
I must find out yours.”
CHAPTER XX.
“a gentleman to see you.”
JENNY earned less money than at Mme.
Lacour’s, but she was, of course, better
off because of poor Bertie’s death.
  She had found a post in a big Knights-
bridge shop. She felt easier among a crowd
of other young women. It was a temporary
post, for the season.
  She did not attract much attention. Per-
haps her looks had fallen off a little. Per-
haps her eyes were too sad and her mouth
never showed its gay enchantment. But
she still walked like a spring day, and as
a manikin there could be no fault to find
with her.
  Her heart was not in her work. She
could not concentrate on this life. The life
of Argar Castle, strangely enough, seemed
much more real. It was not that she cared
for the luxury and splendor of it. It was
the prince, of course. Reality had gone
out of her life with him. Daily, hourly,
she pined for him, wherever he was, hating
and despising her for a heartless fraud.
What Phare said was true. She had some-
thing more than beauty. He called it
power over men. But it was really one
man’s power over her.
  That she had changed in this short time
was clearly proved to her one day when
she met Linette Gurney in the street. Of
course, she had changed the way of doing
her hair again, and there was no make-up
on her face; but it was something more
than that.
  Linette was very pleased to see her dear
Miss Devon, and told her about her visit
to Argar Castle and raved about the arch-
duchess, never dreaming that the girl she
was talking to was the very unapproachable
princess she had so humbly admired.
  “ I think you really are a bit like her,
Miss Devon,” she said dubiously. But
that was all.”
  And, thinking of Stephanie, Jenny real-
ized that she, too, had changed in the short
time. She was not the girl of the meet, nor
the girl whose photograph Prince Nicholas
had seen before he came to England.
Womanhood looked out of her eyes, the ex-
cited, hollow, dark-ringed eyes of the girl
who said she had been “ crazy ” about a
man.
  The next day was Sunday. Jenny went
for a long walk in Regent’s Park in the
morning. She had promised to dine with
Marcus Phare. She didn’t want to, but
she could hardly help herself. She was so
afraid of what he might do. He had said
ANOTHER WOMAN’S LIFE.
407
it was no good her hiding. And she knew
it. Twice she had dreamed that he had
published the truth from the housetops,
and that Prince Nicholas was the laughing
stock of Europe. In one of the dreams the
Archduchess Stephanie committed suicide.
Jenny had hardly touched her food that
day.
  Phare had written and asked her to dine.
A very kind letter, without a hint of a
threat. It frightened her all the more.
  She came back from her walk uncon-
sciously rested and soothed by the beauty
of the trees and flowers in the park. She
looked radiant. Black suited her. The
empress’s pearls glistened on her white
neck. She wore them, finding everybody
thought them artificial.
  Her landlady met her at the door.
  “ A gentleman to see you, Miss Devon.
Luckily Mme. Gloria’s away for the week-
end, so I showed him into the drawing-
room.
  Jenny’s heart sank. It could only be
Phare. Why had he come at such a time,
when they were to meet in the evening?
He must have something disagreeable to
say.
  “ What name?” she asked.
  “ He didn’t give none, but he said he
was sure you’d see him. Such a handsome
young gentleman! Oh, there, my joint’s
burning! ” She shuffled off toward the base-
ment stairs. “ Let me know if you’re ask-
ing the gentleman to stay to dinner, Miss
Devon,” she called back.
  Jenny’s heart pounded as she went up
to the first floor. A handsome young gen-
tleman!
  She opened the door. She was half pre-
pared, but her breath failed her and she
thought she was going to faint.
  Prince Nicholas stood with his back to
the marble mantelpiece. He looked—he
looked a prince. To Jenny’s eyes he filled
that commonplace Bloomsbury room with
Tight and glory.
  She could not speak. She stood there,
swaying a little.
  He came over and shut the door behind
her.
  They looked at each other. He was not
smiling; but his eyes were alight.
 Jenny felt like somebody drowning in
 happiness—the happiness just of seeing him
 there. She had never expected to see him
 again in all her life.
 Nicholas walked back to the fireplace.
 He did not offer his hand. Still he did not
 smile.
 “ How do you do?” he said convention-
 ally.
 “ You—you are here!” murmured Jenny,
 “ I have come to see you.”
 “ How did you find me?”
 “ I made the Baroness Luini give me your
 address.”
 “ I wonder she did.”
 “ She had to.” His mouth was grim.
 He came nearer to her.
 “ She told me your name is Devon.”
 “ Yes. Jenny Devon.”
 “ What a pretty name!” His eyes were
 accusing. “ Why did you do it? The
 baroness told me you would not take money.
 Why did you deceive me like that?”
 “ I don’t know,” she answered “ The
 baroness implored me to. They were in
 a terrible state. I don’t think I quite un-
 derstood. She talked of a terrible scandal.
 She said I was the only person who could
 save them.”
 “ And the second time?” he asked.
 “ Why did you do it the second time?”
 “ Oh—I don’t know! I can’t tell you—
 really. I refused. I refused point blank.
 I felt I couldn’t do it again.”
 “ But, after all, you did.”
 “After all,.I did.”
 There was just a hint of melting about
 his face.
 “ And the third time. Why did you do
 it, then?”
 This she could answer.
 “ Because the empress made me prom-
 ise. She was on her death bed. She made
 me promise to stay until the archduchess
 came back. I couldn’t resist her. She
 died. I didn’t know what to do.”
 He came quite close to her. His eyes
 looked as if a fire had suddenly been lit
 in them.
 “ Did you never think of me? Didn’t
 you know it was wrong?”
 “ Of course, I did,” she whispered.
 “ But you didn’t care?”
408
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
  “ Of course—I cared. I knew you would
hate me—when you found out.”
  “You did think of me—then?” His
voice was low; it was warm and caressing
again. “ When you came back—did you
think of me?”
  His hands were on her shoulders. He
pulled her toward him. She was helpless
under the fire in his eyes. He drew her
very soul out of her body.
  “I—I only thought of you!” she
breathed.
  His lips were on hers, on her neck, on
her hair, on her eyes. She found herself
sobbing wildly.
  “ My love, my little love, you have told
me everything!” Nicholas said. He was
transformed; ardent, passionate, triumph-
ant. “ You love me, you are just what I
knew you were—the most wonderful girl
in the world!”
  He held her so close that she could hard-
ly breathe. Such happiness she had never
dreamed of. It was so strangely, delicious-
ly made up of both peace and violence. It
was like coming from a dark, rugged val-
ley in one blinding moment onto a hilltop
swimming in golden sunshine.
  She remained in a breathless ecstasy un-
til at last he released her. Then she shiv-
ered with the icy chill of memory, of reality.
  “Tell me you love me, Jenny!” the
warm voice pleaded.
  “ I mustn’t,” she said, struggling to col-
lect herself. “ How can I? It was all—all
untrue. You are a prince and I am a
little manikin. How can we love each
other? You are going to marry the Arch-
duchess Stephanie.”
  He gave a short, angry laugh.
  “ Nothing in this world,” he cried, “ will
induce me to marry the Archduchess
Stephanie!”
CHAPTER XXI.
A PARTING.
AREN’T you playing rather a danger-
ous game?”
Marcus Phare spoke to Jenny
Devon over the dinner table that same
night.
  It was a large, fashionable restaurant.
Phare had proposed it, and Jenny had
agreed, thinking she was more lost in a
crowd.
  The soft night air came in through open
windows from the river. On the table
creamy yellow roses lay around a bowl of
lilies of the valley. The lights were golden
shaded. Jenny wore a thin black frock.
The top was transparent, and showed black
velvet ribbons over her white shoulders.
A wired black lace headdress, half toque,
half cap, covered her corn colored hair, with
a quaint bunch of ribbons hanging down
one side. The empress’s pearls completed
the toilet.
  Her eyes were dreamy; her face was
brushed over with the magic of love. To
the man’s jealous eyes, she was quite obvi-
ously in another world.
  His question brought her back to this
one quickly enough.
  “ What do you mean?” she asked.
  “ I saw you this afternoon at the Old
Road House near St. Alban’s, having tea
with Prince Nicholas of Galmatia.”
  “You saw me!” she said in a distressed
voice. “ I did not see you.”
  “ Quite obviously,” he retorted, “ you
saw nothing and no one but his royal high-
ness. I think it is a dangerous game. I
don’t think any one else happened to recog-
nize him. But they might have done.”
  The waiter was changing plates and
dishes. Jenny was silent, while Phare made
a few trivial remarks.
  Her thoughts were back in the afternoon.
He had seen them. It had been wrong of
her to go with Nicholas. She knew it
But she could not help herself. He had
carried her off, saying he could not talk
to her in that stuffy room on such a lovely
day. It was immediately after he declared
that nothing would induce him to marry
the archduchess. He said they would not
talk about her any more, or about Argar
Castle or about anything that was past;
but only about themselves. And his man-
ner had changed. He became his old
merry, frivolous, irresistible self, the mas-
terful, light hearted, beautiful young man
who had taken possession of her on their
very first meeting.
ANOTHER WOMAN’S LIFE.
409
  She protested that they might be seen
when he suggested taking a taxicab out into
the country and having tea somewhere. He
said nobody knew him. He was incognito,
staying at the embassy. The ambassador
was old and nearly blind. The secretaries
were excellent fellows. There was no wom-
an in the establishment, his excellency be-
ing a widower. He came and went as he
pleased. He had come over especially to
see her, to find her out. Ostensibly, of
course, it was a private visit in order to
see his fiancee.
  Jenny went with him. The afternoon
was a blur of delirious happiness. All un-
pleasantness was forgotten. He had for-
given her. He was assured that she loved
him. He assured her that he would never
love any other woman. They might have
been any boy and girl together on a perfect
early summer day.
  The hours sped and they drove back,
Jenny in a dream. When she reached her
room she had barely time to change to go
to dinner. She had to go, now more than
ever, although she hated it more than ever,
too. But the idea of the fraud practiced
on Prince Nicholas being revealed to the
world was intolerable. She simply had to
keep in touch with Marcus Phare.
  And Marcus Phare had seen them.
  The appetizing odor of the ‘ Chicken
Maryland ’ on her plate rose unheeded to
her nostrils.
  Phare, plying his knife and fork, smiled
at her.
  “ I had to tell you,” he said in a con-
ciliatory voice. “ Candidly, isn’t it danger-
ous? A nice titbit for any scurrilous news-
paper—Prince Nicholas of Galmatia having
tea with the double of the archduchess
whom he leaves pining in her castle!”
  Jenny looked at him in a helpless rage.
She had no answer.
  His manner grew almost paternal.
  “ You’re very young, Jenny. Won’t you
believe that I am your friend? What good
can come of such meetings? Granted that
you and the prince fell in love—what can
come of it? What can he offer you? Noth-
ing—honorable.”
  She kept her eyes on her plate, making
a pretense to eat.
  “ I am naturally concerned,” he went on.
“ I want you to be my wife. I want to
keep you from anything that can harm
you.”
 “ What do you mean? Why are you
saying this?” She was so disturbed that
she nearly choked over the words.
  He poured some mineral water into her
glass.
  “ Drink that! By gad, you look pretty
even when you choke! My dear, I want
nothing but to warn you of danger. The
prince is a very good looking young man.
He has had his head turned ever since he
was a lad, and he isn’t at all likely to be
particular in his conduct toward a girl like
you. Forgive the apparent harshness. But
one must look facts in the face. What
could you be to him?”
  Jenny could not speak. She was afraid
of bursting into tears.
  “ Do face the truth,” urged the quiet
voice. “ Prince Nicholas will marry the
archduchess and amuse himself with other
women. I don’t want you to be one of
the—other women.”
  Jenny could have killed him for speaking
in this ugly way of her beloved. She was
so angry that she became childish.
  “ I think you are impertinent and hor-
rible! ” she said fiercely. “ I hate you! ”
  “ I hope that mood won’t last,” he an-
swered. “ It’s a very unfair one. Any true
friend of yours would tell you the same
thing.”
  That was the hideous part of it. He was
right.
  “ But I’m not going to worry you any
more now,” he went on. “ Do let’s be pally
and have a nice time. You’re eating noth-
ing. Let me peel you this peach.”
  Later, he saw her into a cab. She would
not let him drive her home. She was so
firm about it that he did not insist.
  “ You’ve never looked more lovely than
you do to-night,” he whispered as they
crossed the pavement together. “ I am
giving you time. I am very patient. You
must admit that.”
  The next day Nicholas wrote to Jenny,
saying that he was coming to call for her
to dine with him at an out-of-the-way cafe
410
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
in Soho—a place, he assured her, that hard-
ly anybody knew but the small Italian
shopkeepers of that region.
  Mme. Gloria was back. Jenny could not
have the use of her room. She could not
see the prince in her own. All the others
were occupied.
  She must see him. It was to be for the
last time. What was she to do? She went.
  Again it was like a dream, being there in
that funny little half underground place
with the sanded floor, and all the rows of
colored bottles behind the desk of the smil-
ing, swarthy ‘ padrona.’ They ate smoking
dishes of macaroni, she and this gay boy so
handsome that he delighted all the habitues,
foreigners, every one. talking to them in
their own language, smiling, laughing heart-
ily, snatching the guitar from the hands of
a musician to show him how a passage was
to be played, humming in a rich, warm
tenor voice a tune that he wanted them to
learn.
  To Jenny it was Paradise, like nothing
she had ever known or dreamed of. As
he played the instrument. Nicholas tossed
his head and his brown hair became untidy
and fell in a thick lock over his forehead.
Like that he was more iresistible than ever.
He insisted on her drinking some red wine,
and he toasted everybody and everybody
toasted them: “ il bello signorino e sua bel-
lisisma ragazza!” He translated it to Jen-
ny. “ The beautiful young man and his
most beautiful girl! ”
  All things have an end.
  Out in the street, Nicholas proposed they
should walk back to her lodgings. He fell
into silence, as they walked, pulling her arm
into his and holding it tight.
  Under the great shadow of the British
Museum, soft and majestic in the moon-
light as some mighty Greek temple, Jenny
made the little set speech that she had been
preparing all day.
  “ Prince Nicholas, I am very sorry but
I cannot see you again.”
  “ Jenny, why?” he asked almost roughly.
“ I must not. Please, you must under-
stand. You are a prince.”
  “Worse luck! Jenny, for that reason,
am I to have no happiness?”
  “You must understand,” she persisted.
“ I—I can’t bear it.”
  “ You mean that you love me.”
  “ Yes.”
  “ I think I do understand,” he said after
a pause in a low, discouraged voice. “ I
Jove you too much, Jenny. We love each
other too much.”
  “ That’s it. I knew' you would under-
stand. It’s too good to be with you, to
see you, to go about like this. It’s too
beautiful; and it’s no good.”
  He did not speak. She could hear his
quick, rebellious breath.
  In her ears rang Phare’s quiet, warn-
ing voice: “ I don’t want you to be one of
the—other women.”
  In desperation, feeling that she must con-
vince him, she said brokenly:
  “ What is the good of our loving each
other? What can I be in your life?”
  He caught her close to him with one arm,
still walking. They came to her doorway.
  “ I know,” he said, and his voice sounded
like a miserable boy’s. “ You can be noth-
ing in my life—that I want you to be.”
They made their sad little pact. Tears
were streaming down her cheeks. He kissed
her—only once. It was farewell. His last
words, as she put her key in the lock, were
a pretty foreign sounding little sentence:
“ I leave my heart with you.”
TO EE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK
V	V	V
NEXT WEEK
in addition to the start of the new Hopalong Cassidy series, there will
be the opening chapters of Homer Eon Flint’s “ Out of the Moon,” a
striking five-part serial, and “Crab Reef,” a Complete Novelette of
extraordinary adventures, by Theodore Goodridge Roberts.
IN the dying light of day the broad acres
of Armand Gauthier lay smugly content
under the mellowness of the hour. Father
Brisson, diverting himself and pleasing his
host, Claude DeBoissv—with whom he was
making an overnight visit—by inspecting a
new pair of field glasses of DeBoissy’s pur-
chase, focused them upon these acres on the
farther slope of the valley. His mood in-
duced a new appraisement. He had always
rather liked the place. Now he became
confirmed in a recent vague suspicion of
smugness.
  A house, roomy, built of stone, straddled
a slight rise, and was approached by a trim,
graveled walk, bordered with whitewashed
stones and flaming red geraniums. Lawn
and flower beds in front, primly laid out;
a market garden to one side; a flower gar-
den with fruit trees behind, fenced off;
spreading on four sides away from the rise,
fields of wheat, of barley, of com, of hay.
of everything that repaid cultivation under
the hands of the hired men and the sons-
in-law of M. Gauthier. And, in the lush
pasture lands sloping toward the river,
sleek, mild eyed cattle—Jerseys in the
smaller field to the left, just a few; black
and white Holsteins dominating the larger
area to the right. Armand himself discern-
ible, when the focus was properly estab-
lished, smoking a long pipe in the ruddy
light, and looking upon his work with the
satisfied air of a man who found it good.
  The priest, watching, saw the man turn
to the north, to the south, to the west, gaz-
ing long in each direction. He was not
at a loss for interpretation. Bordering the
actual acres upon which the useful tithes of
Armand Gauthier were assessed were the
strips of land that had once belonged
to the holding. Upon these strips white
houses, stanch houses, nestled cozily, satis-
fied, self-sufficient places, even to the wisps
4”
4njmv
By LESLIE GORDON BARNARD
412
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
of smoke rising virtuously to heaven at this
very minute. Three wisps across the north-
ern fields, three across the southern. Men
might say—and did—that M. Gauthier did
well in supplanting the sons of his desire
with the sons-in-law that his daughters
brought him, but they must admit that the
sons-in-law did fairly by the deal. To each
was there not a girl as sleek and plump and
pleasing as any in the country; a house
with its strip of ground, a horse and rig; and
a share, cooperatively, in the agricultural
efforts and results of M. Gauthier himself?
What more could son-in-law ask? Yes, or
daughter? Six of them already so estab-
lished matrimonially, and well content with
it, and every one by now channels of early
grandparentage for Armand Gauthier!
  There remained the seventh. Gabrielle!
The youngest and so the last, for Armand
believed in an almost mechanical orderli-
ness. It was doubtless at thought of her
that her father looked to the west and ap-
proved—M. le Cure was certain—the sev-
enth white house, its new starkness, unre-
lieved by vines, ready and furnished com-
plete for immediate occupancy. Father
Brisson detected, too, a white figure, sepa-
rated from the man by greenery, but gazing
also into the west.
   “ She is looking at the house he has built
for her and Rene,” said the priest, with a
catch at his heart.
  In this he was mistaken.
   A train whistled, its blaring tone softened
by distance into music. With glasses one
could see even the flashing streak of the
windows, flame colored. It wound its way
along the valley, following the course of the
stream, losing itself in the dark greenery of
the pine woods through which it must pass
to the station, leaving behind its trail of
smoke, shot through with sunset gold, drift-
ing lazily, attaining an ethereal loveliness as
it faded into a turquoise sky.
  M. Gauthier cupped his hands to his
mouth and called.
  The priest could imagine its exact sound,
commanding, yet mingling paternal right
with tenderness. On the second call the girl
started, as from a dream, and, turning, came
toward him. How different was her slender-
ness when one thought of the sturdy sisters
six, already safely married; the one most
like in every way her dead mother; the one
least able, as Armand declared boomingly
when first the curd timidly raised the point,
to endure the hardships life—elsewhere—
might offer.
  M. Gauthier drew his seventh daughter to
him and kissed her. Then he motioned to-
ward the house, rather imperiously, and pre-
ceded himself, rubbing his hands. To-night
would be a great one at the Gauthier farm-
house. Never had he failed, on the eve of
a daughter’s wedding, to give a grand
soiree. He loved these occasions. It pleased
his emotional palate that many should come
to the feast of his bounty, envy his pros-
perity, and mark well his success in life.
  Gabrielle remained for a moment outside.
The train whistled again for the station.
The last faint touch of smoke vanished. A
married sister appeared at the door im-
patiently, Gabrielle hastened in obe-
diently.
  It meant nothing to the priest that the
window of Gabrielle’s room, which faced
toward the station, held in its narrow in-
closure a lamp whose rays for the moment
offered but feeble competition to the sunset
glow that burnished the glass and metal
with a ruddy light. Perhaps the priest’s
line of vision did not permit it, or again the
ordinariness of a light in a window aroused
no suspicion. It may be, also, that he was
too deeply engaged in the matter of prayer
to notice.
II.
  M. Gauthier himself admitted frankly
that his soiree was a huge success. He made
this clear to M. le Cure, and to his friend,
DeBoissy—whose opinions he respected and
who were courteous in their confirmation at
no expense to the truth. Was not M.
Lafond, from St. Paradis, there, to lend
quality, and talk of politics, of crops, of
financial affairs so vast that the habitants
sat pop-eyed, as one might say? Was not
old Sansfaqon there, to crack musty jokes
about the matrimonial estate, and enable
M. Gauthier to show his democratic good
humor in booming laughter that outdid the
timid cackles of the lesser folk?
  Add to this the six married daughters,
THE SEVENTH SON-IN-LAW.
413
displaying themselves in new dresses that
showed off their generous forms, and their
cooking in dishes of the most striking pat-
tern and expensive ware ever seen in Ste.
Marie-en-bas! And the six sons in law—
stanch, solid fellows in vivid black suits,
white ties, and watch chains of heavy gold
in their vests, golden chains binding them
to the donor, their father-in-law; every one
of the six hallmarked with the smug con-
tentment of the Gauthier acres, and Gau-
thier cattle, and Gauthier houses, and Gau-
thier customs.
  Ah, yes—and Gabrielle was there! Ga-
brielle, amazingly attractive in a gown she
had chosen, at her father’s insistence,
specially for this prenuptial event; Ga-
brielle, never more beautiful—for her re-
cent pallor, that had rendered him uneasy,
gave place to-night to rich colorings when
any spoke to her, or looked at her steadily;
most of all Armand himself, who could not
look enough.
  Rene Constant was there, of course, a
secondary but brilliant star. Rene, so
debonair, with such a carriage as only a
son of that old aristocrat, Beaudet Con-
stant, could have—the best, declared M.
Gauthier, by his faith and every saint, of
all the seven matches his diplomacy and
shrewdness had effected!
  M. le Cure stood in a little alcove, watch-
ing, chin cupped in hand. There was no
more striking figure present than he, and
none less conscious of it. The slight stoop
of age did not detract, nor did his com-
paratively small stature. He stood there in
his black robes, his face limned with the
voluntary servitude of years, that found him
faithful by day and night alike, his mouth
rebelling, as the years had fled, from its first
firm-set line, until the wrinkled corners were
distilleries of tempered sunlight, and his
eyes deep pools of blue, their surfaces ruf-
fled by breezes more wistful than gay.
  Just now, though, there was a set, stern
look. His steady gaze was on Rene Con-
stant, whose eyes, whenever they met the
priest’s, as they seemed to at every turn,
held, in order, evasion, fear, bravado, bold-
ness, the latter triumphing so that in the
end Rene’s voice was heard above all in
laughter and light badinage.
  Father Brisson felt a heavy hand on his
shoulder. A voice boomed in his ear.
  “ Well, father, admit you are wrong for
once, and that my choice of a son-in-law
is good. I ask you, is there a more gallant
young fellow or a keener wit in the place
to-night—hey?”
  The priest did not smile. He simply
said: “ I am fond of your daughter Ga-
brielle—very fond.”
  “ Which reminds me,” said M. Gauthier,
glancing hastily about, “ I have missed the
little minx this last while. I wonder now—
She is such an odd girl, and not like my
others. It was of indifference to her if
we had this event or not. I wonder— Did
you see her go out, father? I have known
the minx to escape, as she would say it,
that way before.”
  He glanced toward the door that led to
the garden.
   “ Is it not more likely,” said Father Bris-
son, “ that a young girl should be showing
her wedding finery to her intimates at such
a time? I saw Mile. Adrien and others go-
ing above.”
  “Ah, true! Of course!” cried Armand
Gauthier, satisfied, rubbing his hands
again, his lips as expressive as a cat’s
that has tasted cream. “ Such a trousseau
as that girl has, though! And such an odd
girl. One would think such things w'ere
bought every day.”
  He lifted his hands appealingly, as if
calling on Heaven to bear witness it was
beyond him, and moved off to indulge in his
democratic booming with the lesser folk.
  The priest stood statuesque. His eyes
were pools of light. His fingers clenched
and unclenched. His mouth was at once
very stern and very tender. The pools of
light darkened as he stood there. After a
time he slipped quietly out into the star-
lit night, by the same door through which
his observant eyes had not long since seen
Gabrielle make her escape.
III.
  The night was very dark, but, by con-
trast, the stars seemed very near at hand.
The season being well advanced, the August
night was quite chilly, and Father Brisson,
414
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
concerned with the chill, discovered himself
in the gateway of the garden before he knew
it; a gate that, with its attendant fence,
protected green growing things for personal
and special uses of the farmhouse against
the depredations of domestic animals and
rabbits from the field and woods. A sus-
picion, which seemed more than that to
him, was his that something was amiss, and
that his duty led him to the protection of
the girl Gabrielle—in this at least, where
elsewhere he must fail.
  As if in answer to unspoken prayer, the
form of Gabrielle grew in the darkness be-
fore him, and he took a pace backward as
one might before a vision. Then reality was
restored—to be quickly lost again. Above,
the stars dimmed a little that a new glory
might appear. From a pillar of light in the
north cloudy battalions came, flashing their
spears through the sky, advancing, retreat-
ing in incredible maneuvers. And now the
spears no longer flashed, but disintegrated
into cascades of light—fairylike waterfalls
of Boreas, dropping, into elusive pools
above which drifted silver clouds of mist.
  The girl stood, for a moment, hands
clasped in ecstasy, then moved farther into
the garden with silent step. A man’s form
showed quite clearly just ahead. He stood,
hands clasped behind him, legs a little
apart, firmly balanced on the turf, head
uptilted, motionless, watching the sky. Into
its ethereal beauty came again a piercing of
blue, flashing spears—a yet colder blue,
darting earthward, then withdrawing.
  “ Par Dieu!” he said quite reverently.
  A twig crackled under her foot. He
turned swiftly to greet her, taking her
small hands in his great ones.
  “ Gabrielle!”
  “ Philippe!”
  Father Brisson caught his breath sharp-
ly in his eavesdropping course, and a little
pulse within him sang.
  “ Gabrielle,” Philippe Frigon said at last,
“ all wonders such as that have brought you
to me—all things of beauty tore my heart,
I think, because of you.” He hesitated.
“ Have you no greater welcome for me,
Gabrielle?” He rushed on impetuously
then: “ Was it a dream, then—just one
of many such—that when I sent word by
Jean Lafontaine, who was hitting the trail
for home, that I was coming soon if all
went well, he came back after two months’
trip to our far post, to say if I came, to
come by the twentieth at the latest as I—
loved you—”
  She broke in faintly: “ It was an impulse,
Philippe. The good God forgive me, but I
wanted to see you—”
  “ And I am here,” he said, a little grim-
ly. “ I will not complain, Gabrielle, that
the trail was hard or the way long, or that
the brief harvest must be left to other hands
to gather. These would not matter. They
mattered not because of what lay ahead—
your welcome—you! Ah, Gabrielle, what
does it all mean? Montpetit at the station
grabs my arm as soon as I arrive just now
by traveling day and night the last forty-
eight hours to railroad. ‘ It is well,’ he said,
to go easy, Philippe. She bade me tell you
if you saw a light in her window to come
then to the garden.’ More than that he
would not say, leaving it, he said, for your
lips. Is it your father, Gabrielle? I know
he never cared for me, and insulted me
grievously at last, but I am not afraid of
that, if it is for your happiness.”
  Father Brisson, though his was no ear for
gossip, was not unmindful of such history
of Gabrielle’s affair with Frigon as had
leaked out. It was common knowledge that,
at mention of his desire to pay court to his
daughter—a rather belated mention, per-
haps—Armand Gauthier had ordered Phil-
ippe out, with a tongue that, having brought
blood to the lad’s face, drove it from him
again and left him with a w’hite, high pride,
which he took with him out into the night.
Gabrielle had run to him, it was said, and he
had1 stood there, arms folded at sight of her,
to say:
  “ He is unfair. I am no ne’er-do-well,
and he knows it. Your kind are not mine.
Yours follow and live fat on the lands we
make for them. My father was here with
the first, and after the trees were felled, and
the stumps out, and the roads easy for
travel, your father came in and settled
down in comfort to reap. But the spirit
of my father drove him farther on to the
hard things again. Is it anything against
my character that his blood flows in my
THE SEVENTH SON-IN-LAW.
415
veins, and that something at least of his
spirit is mine?”
  Then, so the tale was told, she had for-
gotten maidenly reserve, and pleaded with
him not to be angered, above all not to go.
And suddenly he had drawn her to him and
told her: “ I will go, and when I have made
a home for you, I will come for you! ” And
she had watched his tall form striding down
the gravel path where the moonlight lay
bright upon the whitened stones.
  A message came from him that he had
reached the goal whither his pioneering
spirit led him. Days became months, and
months—twenty-four of them—marked the
passage of two years, and yet he did not
come, and, though her sisters and others
began to scoff, memory remained true.
  Life was like the soil and the growth of
things she knew so well. One sowed and one
reaped in kind. She had sowed in that
moment when his arms received her, and
his promise was in her ears comfortingly,
and always, because of this, there would be
a harvest of memory. Twice, since that
first direct message, word of Philippe had
come from outside sources, filtering from his
northern outpost, but none direct from him.
  Her father began to bring pressure—her
father, her sisters, and others, and, not
least of all, Rene Constant, who had a way
with him where women were concerned.
There came a time when—she having heard
from a man who had himself seen Philippe,
and reported him doing well, and yet no
word had come—she had no spirit left to
defy them; and most of all her father so
greatly wishing this thing of her, he had
his way, and Rene began to be much with
her, and folk nodded their heads, approving
her wisdom at last.
  Father Brisson, having remembrance of
this history, found himself in a most as-
siduous eavesdropping just now, lest he miss
her answer.
  “ Ah, Philippe,” she said sadly, “ it is
too late!”
  “ Too late? No, no—the twentieth, you
said; and I have traveled almost day and
night!”
  She held out her hand warningly as he
would have drawn nearer.
  “ To-morrow,” she said simply, “ to-mor-
row morning I marry Rene Constant. It is
wrong that I even see you this way to-night.
I should not have sent that message by
Jean Lafontaine, for it was too late then,
but my heart cried out to do it, and when I
came to myself Jean had already gone.
Yet, I said you would not come, for how
could you care for me still when you sent
no word in all these many months?”
  “ No word?” He started. “ Each time
young Bruneau went to the railhead, which
was quite often, for he had attraction there,
he took my letters and brought me mine.
I wondered at the little I had in reply.”
  Gabrielle whitened.
  “ In months I have not heard till this
last message,” she said despairingly.
  Philippe swore softly.
  “ Fool that I am,” he declared. “ Bru-
neau is a bosom friend of this man Rene
Constant, who always liked you, and I
doubt not he fancied to do him friendly
service. I think that mail was never post-
ed.” Despair changed to exultation. “ It
is not too late, my Gabrielle—for have I
not come in time? To-morrow morning is
not due for hours. Ah, look, look!”
  From a pale lake of light in the north,
there was reared in the sky what was not
unlike an arch through which, if one had
imagination, the wraithlike wisps passing by
might have been fairies, dancing in unearth-
ly beauty, quickly to pass away.
  “ It is an omen,” said Philippe gravely.
“ The spirits of the Northland, I like to call
them. I have seen them so before. They
always bring me good fortune. Up there,
on frosty nights, I have seen them, like the
stars, so close one could think to pluck
them out by a reaching of the hand, and
their very voices can be heard. Ah—per-
haps I am too fanciful! But it is very
wonderful in the great spaces, Gabrielle,
when the world is so silent, and one feels—
alone. With two there, it would be won-
der—without loneliness, if the other—un-
derstood.”
  She was silent. He put his hand out
and touched her.
  “ You are shivering, child,” he said, and
as the silence came again he placed his own
interpretation upon it. “ You are think-
ing, of the hardships, perhaps—the long,
416
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
cold winters, the short summers, the great
distances, the solitude, the scarcities? I
would not make light of them Gabrielle.
You have heard of these things—and it is
true.” He waited; she did not speak; he
turned away. “ I could only have prayed
that you might have loved the very bigness
of it all. Perhaps I expect of others that
which is in my inheritance of blood alone.
I ask too much.”
  Then she, who had set signal within her
narrow window place, night after night of
late, with little faith that he would come
to open the door for her escape from the
fate that awaited her in rhe seventh white
house, seeing the door now open, closed it
tight again, taking advantage of his certain
misinterpretation.
  “ Alas, Philippe,” she said sadly, “ if
you only knew how much you ask.”
  Her voice broke on the last word, and
he turned swiftly to her. It seemed to the
old man still watching almost grimly—for
his ethical side was sensitive—that for the
moment a magnetism greater than all bar-
riers held them, drew them—drew them—
His lips moved in prayer. A voice
boomed impatiently through the night:
•• Gabrielle!”
  “ I must go in,” said the girl quickly.
“ I have been out too long now; and they
have missed me!”
  A door banged. A twig crackled under-
foot near them. Philippe sprang back.
  “Come!” whispered ihe cure, taking
Gabrielle’s arm. “ Come—your father is
seeking you, and will be angry if he finds
you thus!”
  She suffered herself to be led away. The
voice they had heard boomed again:
“ Gabrielle!—Gabrielle!”
  “ We will go around by the front.” said
the priest hastily. In the last of the cover-
ing darkness she took his arm.
  “ Father, you will keep this that you
have seen secret? You will do nothing to
hurt him! Much of my happiness is in
your hands now, father.”
He started, then said slowly, almost me-
chanically: “ I must do my duty, child!”
She shivered and moved from him as
from an enemy. When she looked back
after they parted in the lighted doorway,
he was still gazing after her, but it was
in his face and features that the greatest
agony lay.
IV.
  The priest, in fact, watched her long
after she ceased to be conscious of his re-
gard. Then gayety flooding past him, drew
him into a laughing group of young folk,
and he must needs laugh with them.
  Father Brisson was an unusual man.
Reared in the Spartan simplicity of a home
that dedicated him to the priesthood and
that gave him—at a time when his labor
would have helped eke out a scant ex-
istence on a rocky farm—to an education
that involved direct financial sacrifice; a
studious lad, who won by conscientious
plodding what he could not have had by
any brilliance that was his, he brought to
his life ministry in this country parish a
rigorous personal code, and a simplicity of
outlook in which the quiet of rural life con-
firmed him. Birth he knew, and blessed;
death he knew, and hallowed; but of life
itself more the gentler side than otherwise,
for his confessional yielded up few secrets
other than the ordinary shortcomings of
average lives.
  Almost upon the fingers of one hand he
could count the other times, the revelations
that had sent him home, sick at heart, hor-
rified at the depths of human depravity, to
fall upon his knees and pray his God that
the absolution he had granted for spoken
penitence might have more content of real-
ity than it had of his own priestly faith.
This worried him not a little, for he was a
sincere believer in the priestly office. And
he had perforce to hug the thing to his own
bosom.
  He would have cut off his right hand
rather than by word or hint or inflection
broken the sacred seal of the confessional,
the little portion of the mercy seat over
which, according to his belief, he presided.
  The music and the merrymaking grew in
volume. Where ordinarily his simple soul
would have rejoiced to see happiness so
expressed, to-night the very scrape of the
violins tortured him. He went out again
into the darkness, passed silently through
the garden gate, his black robe—that would
                         6	A
THE SEVENTH SON-IN-LAW.
417
soon be quite green did his conscience not
permit the extravagance of a new one—
brushed the bushes with a sighing sibilance.
  He called softly: “ Frigon! Philippe
Frigon!”
  Save for small insect noises there was
silence for a moment; then a figure ap-
peared beside him.
  “ Ah, I fancied you would still be here,
son,” said the priest, going right to the
heart of his subject. “ Forgive me—but
you love Gabrielle?”
  “ Would a man come through better than
a hundred miles of bush otherwise, father?”
“ Then,” protested the cure, eagerly,
“ you will not lack persistence and daring
to see it through.” He added with embar-
rassment at his impulsiveness: “ You have
come to take her away—even now? You
will marry her, and take her away, and be
good^to her?”
  Philippe’s gaze was toward the north
where a pale aftermath of light still lin-
gered.
  “ Why do you ask?”
  “ Because I care for her, my son.”
  “ And you would send her to hardships
few’ women willingly endure?”
  “ Far better, my son, far better,” cried
Father Brisson, more eagerly than he knew.
“ You will not fail her?”
  Philippe stared.
  “ Your reasons, father?”
  The priest’s eagerness died. He said
hastily:
  “ N-nothing, my son. No reasons I
can give you in as many words. You must
trust me.”
  Philippe swung sharply upon him.
  “ Listen,” he said. “ There was a wom-
an up in the place from which I come, who
threw herself in the river because the soli-
tude, and the bigness of things preyed on
her nerves. There was another: she died
in childbirth because there was no medical
aid to be had in time for complications.
With my own hands, father, I have made a
place for Gabrielle, cleared as fine a lot as
any, built for her a house not far from
neighbors. Since, I have learned of these
cases—these unfortunate women. You see
my difficulty. Apart from this I have not a
sou to offer, even if I were to force myself
 7	A
to settle down, and try to appear happy
here. With her own lips she confirms my
fears: I ask too much. I would never
forgive myself if I forced my love upon her.
Better I should never trouble her. This
Rene Constant is of her kind; with him her
way will be smooth and easy, under the
eye of old Gauthier himself. With me—”
He shrugged his big shoulders. “ In the
morning I shall return north, father. It is
better so.”
  “ My son! ” called the priest urgently.
  Philippe turned unwillingly.
  “ Well?”
  “ You do not understand the case fully.”
“ Nor you, father, the thing you would
have her face in spite of her fears.”
  “ Ah, but not worse than—”
  “ Than what? Why do you stop?”
  “ Than—unhappiness with him.”
  “ She does not fear this unhappiness evi-
dently as much as that the life I offer prom-
ises.” He spoke bitterly now, ending with
a quick question: “ Have you anything
special against him—his character, father?
That might be different. If so, speak—if
not—what right have I to interfere fur-
ther?”
  The priest was silent. His head was
bowed.
  “ I have nothing to say, Philippe.”
Frigon shrugged his shoulders wearily,
and the darkness swallowed him up.
Father Brisson did not call after him this
time; his hands reached out in trembling
impotence, then dropped helplessly to his
side.
  “ God,” he said, in agony, “ must I keep
silence? Must her sweet flesh and spirit
be joined till death with a murderer?”
V.
  Father Brisson, wandering within
again, did not, could not remain long.
Where the riot of sound within brought
added confusion of thought, and the sight
of Rene claiming a dance that put his bride
of the morrow into his arms, stirred a mad-
ness in his pulse, the out-of-doors, breath-
ing a great calmness, made a background
against w-hich one might range a more or-
derly foreground of reflection.
418
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
  The priest checked back his actions, his
results, his prospects. His actions: remon-
strance with Rene Constant, blocked by his
own sensitiveness in the matter of the con-
fessional, and by the combined refusal of
Rene to accept such delicate hints as the
old man’s ethics would permit him to give,
and a sneering bravado illy covered; long
talks with Armand Gauthier, in which the
cure came more than once to the very verge
of breaking the seal, irritated at the obdu-
racy of the man; attempts in less direct
ways; now his failure with Philippe Frigon.
His results? Nil! His prospects? In Ga-
brielle herself?
  Ah, from that he had so far kept, telling
himself if he could not—as DeBoissy would
phrase it—put all his cards on the table, to
hint at things might the rather drive her to
the man Constant, who, admittedly, had
magnetism of a kind, and a telling tongue.
Young girls were like that. He had tried
it once before with Anne Perechon, whose
protective instinct and interest for a man
he had aroused to her own hurt; who came
seldom to mass, never to confession, and
lived an unhappy life with a man unworthy
of the loyalty she gave, bearing her lot
proudly in a defiance that flashed through
the hurt soul of her whenever she chanced
to meet the priest.
  No—that was not the way. Her rela-
tions with Philippe Frigon, then? Ah, that
was his chance. He would here await her
coming. Intuitively, he knew she would
slip out again at the first opportunity.
  He had not long to wait.
  He heard her soft footfall; he rustled the
bushes.
  “ Philippe,” she called gently.
  “ It is I—Father Brisson,” he told her,
approaching. “ My child, I was speaking
to Philippe, but he has gone.”
  She gave a little cry, half anger; then
steadied herself.
  “ You sent him away! You are too
hasty, father, reading people’s actions! I
came but to say good-by. You know we
have been good friends, Philippe and I.”
  “ Only friends?” When she did not an-
swer, he took the plunge. “ Gabrielle,
child. I feel for you. Philippe Frigon is a
good man. His face is a true index, as all
faces are not. In the morning he goes north
again. Must he go alone?”
  She gave a little gasp of surprise.
  He added: “ If I find him for you, if I
stand by you both—”
  She broke in with a quick remonstrance:
“ Father, father, you think to be kind, but
you are cruel!” She paused. “It is not
that I do not like Rene—do not misunder-
stand me, I do! ” Her voice broke. “ And
yet my heart—my heart cries out for Phib
ippe, whose love I may not have.”
  “ May not, Gabrielle?”
  “ Unless I chose to break my father’s
heart. Rene is of his kind, and choice.
And—I have caused him enough of sorrow
already.”
  “ Sorrow? Dear child, how could you
have brought aught but gladness to him?”
She did not speak for a moment. When
she did, she said in a low voice: “ He loved
my mother dearly. When—when I came,
I took her from him, you know. One'clay
my eldest sister, Emmaline, told me, being
angered over some childish fault. She did
not know how deep she struck. My child-
ish heart nearly broke, I think, with sorrow
for his sorrow. He wondered why I stroked
those gray hairs of his so tenderly that
night. When I went to my room I knelt
and vowed by St. Joseph I would bring him
sorrow no more. You are wise, father, and
know life and duty, and must understand.
Tell me what I should do, for my heart
pulls so strangely two ways.”
  An oblong of radiance joined that of the
windows on the garden side of the house.
A voice called boomingly again.
  “ Go, my child,” said the priest, sadly.
“ Your father calls for you.”
  After she had obeyed, the cure dropped
upon his knees, regardless of the heavy
dew and his rheumatic joints. As he
prayed, the northern sky grew brighter once
again, and across it drifting masses and
shafts of light were flung slowly. The
priest’s eyes, from a devoutly humble pos-
ture, facing the earth, were lifted to the
firmament. The northern lights penetrated
the dark heart of the sky: so, it seemed, a
light, soft, mellow, illuminating, stole into
the being of this humble old man, stilling
the tumult, calming his fears, bringing a
THE SEVENTH SON-IN-LAW.
419
peace that, having no foundation of human
reason, did indeed pass the understanding
of men.
  “ Now the good God be praised,” cried
Father Brisson, “ for, as to thy servant of
old thou gavest the Damascus vision, so to
all who sincerely follow duty thy light shall
come.”
  He rose from his knees. He went in.
The party was breaking up, with much
merrymaking over the coming of the mid-
night hour, and felicitations for the two
who now stood together to receive them,
as was the Gauthier custom.
  The priest found himself caught by the
tradition.
  “ May such happiness as you deserve be
yours,” he told them.
  “ I will call for you at five thirty in the
morning, father,” Rene reminded him,
meeting the cure’s eyes boldly, “ and drive
you to the church.”
  Father Brisson nodded and went out to
join DeBoissy in the waiting rig. As he
took his departure the old Gauthier clock
chimed twelve.
  The calm of the material universe, ush-
ered into a new day in the purpose of its
maker, was not deeper than the unexplain-
able quiet in the heart of Father Brisson,
as they drove to DeBoissy’s under the stars.
VI.
  It was the cure’s first impression when he
woke, that Gabrielle’s wedding morn was
to be cloudless. Yet, rising at the first
streakings of dawn, after a singularly re-
freshing sleep, in which a few hours seemed
to do the merciful work of many, he found
that the upland on which the DeBoissy
home stood, enjoyed a clarity of atmosphere
that was lacking below. One of the heavy
mists, not infrequent in this district in cer-
tain seasons, hung over the valley, blotting
out the town, that would otherwise be clear-
ly seen from here, dominated by the spire
whose graceful upreaching was a constant
pride to the cure, and under the shadow of
which, one might say, he had had his abid-
ing place for half a century or more.
  Father Brisson prepared himself with
deliberation for the ceremony in which he
was to play so vital a part. With similar
deliberation he took from his little black
bag, and from the folds of an intimate gar-
ment, a less innocent object. This metallic
article he regarded with the subdued con-
cern of a determined man unused to fire-
arms. For a moment hesitation overcame
him. Should he not leave all to a Higher
Power? Well—there was that phrase about
“ keeping your powder dry.” He must
neglect nothing. He conquered his hesita-
tion and slipped the little weapon into a
pocket of his robe. His hand, when it was
withdrawn, still trembled.
  He welcomed the respite afforded pres-
ently by the frugal meal which was all he
permitted his friend to set before him. De-
Boissy’s choice of subjects dear to both
their hearts aided greatly. He almost for-
got. A clock struck the hour.
  “ Hullo,” cried M. DeBoissy, “ your man
is late, isn’t he?”
  “ Perhaps,” replied Father Brisson, curb-
ing any show of eagerness; “ perhaps he
will not come. Something may have hap-
pened—already.” He left the table, and
went to the window overlooking the road
up which Rene must arrive to fetch him.
  DeBoissy whispered in his ear: “ I will
have Alphonse drive you.”
  ‘‘But, no!” cried Father Brisson. “If
it is the will of God he will come. If
not—”
  “ The mist is exceptionally heavy,” said
DeBoissy.
  “ Praise God!” returned Father Brisson
in his heart.
  “Ah—look, he comes at last!”
  “ Rene’s mare is a roan. This is jet
black,” cried the priest, his heart sinking
none the less.
  “ True, but I have not retained my sight
into age for nothing. The beast is black as
Satan, but the driver is none other than
Rene Constant.” He consulted his watch.
“ With haste, you will still be in time.”
  Father Brisson bowed his head, as if in
acceptance of a decree. Was not Isaac
bound, and the knife already upraised?
  “ You are late,” he greeted Rene, as he
climbed into the rig. “ The fog is bad,
eh?”
  ‘ It was not that—but why that mare of
420
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
mine must cast her shoe to-day of all days
beats me! It was just past M. Fournie’s
establishment, and to save time I hurried
in there. Faith, but nt’sieu' was sleepy and
cross until he knew the urgency. Then
says the old fellow, grinning with all his
yellow teeth: 1 Yes, but have the horse back
sure by noon, for he must draw Pierre Al-
ard at two thirty to such rest as may be
found in the Protestant burial ground!
A wedding in the morning and a funeral
in the afternoon: what a life!’ he says, and
grins again.”
  Rene laughed, himself, and spat at the
bushes on the roadside.
  Father Brisson fingered the golden cross
that lay against the dark background of his
robe.
  “ God rest his soul,” he said, and sighed.
“ Pierre Alard followed his gleam sincerely,
and not without purpose—though we dub
him, after our fashion, a heretic.”
  Rene sheered: “You are too easy-going,
father. Your heart is far too kindly to-
wards such.”
  “ Toward those who err in frailty of
flesh, in human weakness—not to the de-
liberate evil doer, Rene!”
  His eyes were full upon the youth. Rene
Constant turned away and lashed the horse
sharply. Father Brisson rebuked him.
  “ We are late, aren’t we?” said Rene
roughly. “ And this damned mist is thick
enough to cut!”
  They drove on in silence. The shroud-
ing fog became so closely wrought that even
the black head of M. Foumie’s horse was
visible only through drifting swirls.
  Rene said, after a time: “ I hope the
horse knows the road better than I do.”
Father Brisson’s heart gave a little leap.
He had noted this uneasiness, and that they
had ascended a rise where the muscles in
the horse’s flanks stood out. “ Well,”
laughed Rene, with his characteristic shrug,
“ they cannot go ahead without us, eh,
father? What matters an hour or two de-
lay when there remains a whole blissful
lifetime of union?”
  There was a sneer on his lip that matched
the words. Father Brisson felt the keen-
ness of the thrust. He discovered himself
in the act of gripping the metal hidden in
his robe, and recoiled, trembling as one
awakening from a bad dream.
  “ Par Dieu,” swore Rene, presently, “ if
this is the right road I am a numskull!
What now? There is no sharp turn such
as this.” For the animal had veered sharp-
ly to the left, and the wheels crunched over
gravel. “ Whoa, there, whoa! What the
devil! Now a curse on old Foumie and all
his. Father, the black beast has brought
us to the burying ground!”
  A little breeze, springing up, sent the fog
in swirls past them, curling curiously about
the horse’s ears, as he looked back at his
driver after the mildly questioning manner
of his kind. The impenetrability gave
place to misty wreathings that, as the fog
began to lift, disclosed the nearer rows of
tombstones and monuments, about whose
upper parts the fog clung in a likeness to
winding sheets.
  The cure’s heart almost stopped beating
this time; his simple direct mind accepted
the thing that had come to pass. He knew
now where they had stopped—this small,
open square at the entrance to the grave-
yard. On it three or four prominent fami-
lies had their lots: the Bergerons, Mori-
settes, the Lafonds. The Lafonds’ where
the great monument was.
  “Come up there!” Rene clucked ur-
gently to the horse. The animal would not
budge.
  “ To turn,” said Father Brisson, steady-
ing his voice with effort, for he knew now
to an inch where the rig stood—“ one must
back out, and with care. The chapel is
directly ahead. The beast knows better
than you!”
  “ Then take the reins, since you are ac-
customed here; and make haste, father!”
Cold sweat stood on the youth’s face.
  The priest accepted the reins, but for the
moment they lay idle in his lap. His face
was eager; his lips moved in a soundless,
“ The sun, dear God, the sun!” and an in-
stant later he rebuked himself for being
overanxious.
  The sun suddenly pierced through the
remaining mist. Father Brisson was not
mistaken in his estimate of location. Trem:
bling with ill-controlled emotion, he put his
hand on the young man’s shoulder. Yet,
THE SEVENTH SON-IN-LAW.
421
even now, his ethical restraint forbade him,
and he withdrew it; nor did he point to the
thing that was now revealed to their gaze.
 Immediately opposite them stood the
great monument which family pride and
anger had caused to be so placed that all
who came and went might see. Upon a
granite pillar an avenging angel was poised;
beneath was an inscription boldly cut:
Sacred to the Memory of
EMILE LAFOND
  who was foully murdered by an unknown
  hand on the night of July 7, 1920, and who
  is here laid to rest in the assurance that
  justice shall triumph in such a day as God
  wills.
    “Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith
  the Lord I”
  The priest glanced quickly from the in-
scription to the man beside him. Rene’s
face was a study; his brow was still beaded
with sweat. A glow of triumph filled the
old man’s being.
  “ Shall we go?” he said calmly. “ We
are late now for the wedding!”
  Rene did not speak. Then color began
to flood his face in anger.
  “ You think to frighten me with super-
stitious nonsense! ” he almost shouted. “ It
was his life or mine. We quarreled, and as
it happened he got the worst of it. I told
you that before!”
  A touch of steel flashed in the mild blue
eyes.
  “ In supposed penitence then, as to a
priest,” said Father Brisson; “ but now,
in evil bravado to—an ordinary citizen!
Easy, now, Rene! I am an old man and
inoffensive, but ” — the weapon trembling
in his unaccustomed hands as it came from
T5	V
his robe caught the sunlight and reflected
it—“ quick—your hands behind you—so!”
Father Brisson clambered into the back
seat of the rig. “ Now you may take the
reins,” he said.
  Rene obeyed.
  “ You will drive,” said Father Brisson,
“ under my orders, to the town. The
mayor will doubtless not mind an inter-
ruption, as serious as this, to his breakfast.”
He glanced at his watch. “ It would be
well,” he said, with a queer little twist of
his mouth, “ if you could urge M. Four-
nie’s beast to a little greater haste. The
up-train leaves for the north at nine fifty-
seven, and there is the little matter of M.
Gauthier’s seventh son-in-law yet to be ar-
ranged.”
VII.
  It is recorded in town annals that, on
the Sabbath, Father Brisson, preaching
with great eloquence upon “ The Damascus
Vision, and its Lessons,” was guilty of an
amazingly long digression, in which, with
fervor and humility, he warned his hearers
against the sin of malice.
  Had it been any one but Father Brisson
the length would have been unpardonable,
eager as the congregation were for the
church steps, and the gossip that would
pounce with avidity upon the subject of
the arrest of Rene Constant, and that would
propound, and with great gravity discuss,
the question of what would become of the
seventh white house of M. Gauthier's
building, now that his youngest daughter
had gone so suddenly north as the wife of
that estimable young man, Philippe Frigon.
V	T5
    G 9 WA N !
A LOT of rime has long been wrote
About the man who rocks the boat;
But he is wise beside the gink
Who trustingly will buy a drink
From some guy that he doesn't know—
Thinks what the label says is so!
George A. Wright.
By ISABEL OSTRANDER
Author of “McCarty, Incog," "Dust to Dust,” etc.
WHAT HAS OCCURRED IN PARTS I, I! and HI.
EX-ROUNDSMAN McCARTY, insestigating the death by poison of a man who falls in the
street, discovers that the victim is Alfred Hughes, valet to Henry Orbit, one of the wealthy
residents of a block with gates at either end, adjoining the park, known as New Queen’s
Mall. Inspector Druet, of the police, also investigates.
    Neither Orbit nor his neighbors, including the Sloanes, Goddards, Parsons, Bellamys, and
Burminsters, shed light on the poisoning. McCarty and his friend, Denny Riordan, learn from
little Fu Moy, nephew of Ching Lee, Orbit's Chinese butler, that Lee and Hughes were enemies,
and that there had been a slight fire in Orbit's bedroom. It develops that the dead man’s character
was such he had a number of enemies. Several days after, the murder young Horace Goddard
disappears under circumstances indicating kidnaping. While McCarty is investigating an ex-crook,
Roberts, butler at the Parsons' house, who confesses to having harbored an escaped criminal in
an empty house in the Mall, he is interrupted by the wildly excited Ching Lee, who brings word
that Lucette, maid in charge of the Bellamy baby, is dead in Orbit's house.
T
CHAPTER XIII.
“ THE HORROR DEEPENS!”
HE breath of death!” Dennis re-
peated, awestruck. “ God save us,
what’s that? Are you trying to say
that the French girl is in Orbit’s house,
dead?”
“We’ll soon see!” McCarty shook off
the Chinese butler’s grip and dashed up
the steps and in at the door, with Dennis
just behind and Ching Lee bringing up the
This ttory began in the Argosy-AlUtory Weekly for November 17.
                                                 422
rear chanting a weird refrain of lamenta-
tion.
   The door of the huge conservatory also
stood wide and its hot. humid breath, heavy
with fragrance, stole out to meet them, the
silent organ with slender pipes gleaming
softly like silver birches in moonlight loom-
ing up in the semigloom. A group at the
marble bench facing it stood out against
the background of leafy palms and thorny
cacti, holding their eyes irresistibly, in dread
fascination.
ANNIHILATION.
423
  Orbit’s tall figure, with the Bellamy baby
clasped tightly in his arms, stood before it,
and beside him Jean the houseman was
bending forward while little Fu Moy knelt
at its foot. On the bench itself a slender
form lay relaxed as though in sleep, the
head, with its bright hair rippling from be-
neath the trim little bonnet, resting against
the high white stone back, the small gloved
hands limply extended at either side.
  McCarty halted for an instant and Den-
nis crossed himself, but Ching Lee darted
forward, and seizing Fu Moy, dragged him
away as though from the mouth of some
unnamable peril. Then Orbit turned, his
face white and set, and McCarty advanced
to meet him.
  “Thank Heaven, it is you!” The nor-
mally resonant, well modulated voice was
hoarse and shaken. “ Ching Lee thought
he caught a glimpse of you passing, and
I told him to rush after you! McCarty,
look—look at this girl! What is this hor-
ror that has come to my house!”
  “ Is it—dead, she is?” McCarty’s own
tones were reverently low. “ How did it
happen? What was she doing here?”
  “ Listening to the organ! She was to all
appearances as bright and well as this little
child, but when I finished playing and
turned, she was as you see her now! I
feel as though I were going mad, as though
I couldn’t credit the evidence of my own
eyes! What can this fearful thing mean?”
“ We’d better be finding out, Mr. Orbit! ”
McCarty was rapidly recovering from the
first shock and his quick mind leaped to
meet the exigencies of the tragic' situation.
“ Denny, run next door to Goddard’s and
get the inspector, but not a word to any-
body else! Jean, take the little one home
to the other house and tell Mrs. Bellamy
that her nursemaid’s took sick here, but will
be over it in a little while and she’s not
to bother; understand? Think you can
put it so’s she won’t come tearing in here
to make a scene?”
  Jean straightened and nodded, not trust-
ing himself to speak. His sensitive Gallic
face was working, but he controlled his
emotions by a valiant effort and took the
baby which his employer held mechanically
out to him. Little Maude broke into a low
wail of dismay at the abrupt transition and
stretched out wavering, dimpled arms to
the familiar but strangely inattentive figure
on the bench. Her sobs echoed back to
them as she was borne quickly from the
room.
  “ Now, Mr. Orbit, what did you do when
you turned from the organ and saw Lucette
stretched out like this on the bench?” Mc-
Carty began. “ Where was the baby? How
did Ching Lee and Jean know that some-
thing was wrong, did you call them? Have
you sent for anybody else?”
  Orbit passed his hand across his forehead
as if dazed and the other noticed that it
came away glistening with moisture.
  “ For the doctor, of course!” he replied
to the last question first. “ Allonby, around
on the next block. I haven’t had a physi-
cian for years myself, but some of my
neighbors swear by him. I told Ching Lee
to telephone to him as soon as I could make
myself realize that—that she was gone!”
  A slight shudder ran through him and
he averted his gaze from the rounded, child-
ish face, relaxed as though in sleep, save
that the bright blue eyes were dull and
staring widely at the lofty ceiling.
  “ She wasn’t dead, then, the first glimpse
you had of her after you stopped playing?”
McCarty himself did not find it easy to con-
tinue with that silent, dominant presence
before them.
  ' I don’t know—but she must have been,
of course! She didn’t move and there was
no sign of her breath! I can’t understand
it! What frightful thing can have stricken
her?”
  “ Suppose you tell me from the begin-
ning.” McCarty restrained his impatience.
“ How did she and the child come here?”
  “ 1 was seated here alone at the organ,
improvising as 1 do when I am disturbed
in mind, for this misfortune to little Horace
affected me deeply.”
  He paused as though to collect himself,
glanced again with a shudder at the body
of the young French girl and turned away.
“ The room seemed overpoweringly warm,
and I went to the window there and opened
it wider to see Lucette and the baby just
outside, listening. The child is entranced
with music and once or twice before Lucette
424
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
has brought her in at my invitation; Mrs.
Bellamy is much amused at little Maude’s
devotion to me.
  “ When I saw them standing there I sug-
gested that they come in and myself opened
the door for them. Lucette seated herself
there where you see her now and took the
baby up on her lap, and I returned to the
organ, really forgetting their presence the
moment I was seated again before it. Han-
del’s “ Largo ” came into my thoughts, al-
though it is scarcely the sort of thing to
appeal to a child, and I played it through
to the end. In the silence as the last notes
died away the patter of small feet running
across the marble floor recalled my guests
to my mind and I turned.
  “ Little Maude was playing about that
palm over there, trying to reach the lowest
of its broad leaves, but Lucette was—as you
see her. I don’t know—I can't recall what
I thought for the moment—possibly that
she had fallen asleep or was still relaxed
under the spell of the music, but almost
instantly it came to me that something was
wrong. I called her name sharply, I re-
member, and hurried to her side, but before
I touched her I seemed to know the truth—
that she was dead! ”
  “ You didn’t move her, Mr. Orbit? The
position of the body is just the same?”
  “ I raised one of her hands to feel her
pulse, but there was no slightest beat be-
neath my fingers and I lowered it to the
bench and drew her head forward. One
look was enough, and I let it roll back
once more, calling for Ching Lee. The
baby had trotted over to me and I took
her up in my arms to keep her from ap-
proaching Lucette. I think it was Jean
who appeared first, but Ching Lee came
immediately after, and I told him to send
for the doctor. When he came back from
the telephone he said you were passing and
I had him stop you.”
  Orbit passed a shaking hand once more
across his forehead. “ What could have
brought death to that girl, McCarty? I’m
not ignorantly superstitious, but it seems
as if some horrible, malign thing were set-
tling down over us here in the Mall and
the horror deepens! First Hughes, then
Horace’s disappearance and now this inex-
plicable tragedy right under my roof, in
my very presence! It is enough to shake
a man’s reason!”
  “ You’re sure you were alone in the house,
with just the servants, I mean?” McCarty
had advanced to the body again and was
scrutinizing it carefully without touching
it. “ Those front windows are flush with
the sidewalk, but nobody could have
climbed in very well in broad daylight with
the watchman patrolling the block. How
about that glass wall where it bulges out?
The lower panes open as well as the upper
ones, don’t they?”
  He pointed to the farther side of the
room built out like a huge bay window, and
Orbit nodded.
  “ Of course, but they are never touched
except for an hour on the hottest of sum-
mer days; the tropical orchids banked there
would die instantly if a cool breeze blew
over them and the sections of glass can
only be reached with a long pole. No one
could force a way through the plants with-
out leaving some trace or making their
presence known. There is a French window
in the card room which is probably open
and a person might enter unseen from the
court between this house and Goddard’s,
and the kitchen or tradesmen’s door may
have been left ajar.”
  He spoke slowly as if to himself. “ The
cook is out and Jean, Ching Lee, and Fu
Moy are the only others in the house be-
sides myself. Great Heavens, Sir Philip
arrives this evening! I had a wire from
him! ”
  “ That’s the English gentleman who’s on
his way from the West? Sir Philip Dever—
something?” McCarty recalled their con-
versation of the previous day.
  “ Sir Philip Devereux. He comes at a
most inopportune moment!” Orbit groaned.
“ This poor girl—McCarty, there must be
some rational explanation!”
  “ What did Ching Lee mean?” McCarty
asked suddenly. “ When he grabbed me
outside in the street there he said Lucette
had ‘ breathed the breath of death.’ It
didn’t seem only a Chinese way of express-
ing himself. Have you an idea what he
could have been getting at?”
  “ Is that what he said?” Orbit walked
ANNIHILATION.
425
quickly over to the nearest orchid and in-
dicated the great distended purple bloom
shot with angry streaks of livid orange-
yellow.
  “ There is what he meant, one of the
rarest of my specimens and a hybrid, a
cross between two of the least known
varieties of orchid in Central America.
The natives down there regard it as poison
and believe that to inhale its odor, which
is rank and nauseous, means death. There
is an old superstition among them that it
is part vegetable and part animal life, and
that the curious vibration of its petals—so
like pulsation, do you see it?—is the act
of breathing; to smell it is to take its
breath, to die. Ching Lee heard me telling
this to some guests one evening, and noth-
ing could ever induce him to approach it
since. There is nothing in the idea, of
course; the plant isn’t poisonous in any
way, but I suppose that was the first
thought that occurred to his mind when he
saw Lucette lying dead.”
  McCarty edged cautiously over toward
it, but footsteps sounded in the hall, and
Jean presented himself at the door.
  “ Mme. Bellamy is not at home, but
Snape took the little Maude to place in the
care of one of the maids,” he reported.
“ He says that he will explain to madame.
The docteur is not come?”
  Before Orbit or McCarty could' reply, the
doorbell rang violently, and he hurried away
to admit Dennis and the inspector. The lat-
ter had evidently been prepared by his
companion, for he glanced hastily at the
body and then turned to Orbit.
  “ How long has she been dead?”
  “ I don’t know; about twenty minutes, I
should say, inspector. It occurred while I
was playing rather a lengthy movement on
the organ, and I wasn’t aware of it until
I had finished.” Orbit started as the bell
pealed again, and added in relief: “ That
must be Dr. Allonby now.”
  Jean ushered in a slender, dapper indi-
vidual with a small, pointed blond beard1
and the unmistakable air of a professional
man, who greeted Orbit suavely by name,
nodded with suddenly alert interest when
the inspector and his deputies were intro-
duced, and then advanced to the body.
  While he examined it the four grouped
themselves about him, but Jean crept to
the door and joined Ching Lee, who was
hovering just outside. They whispered to-
gether, but the others waited in tense si-
lence.
  Finally the doctor straightened.
  “ This woman has been killed by the
inhalation of some gas, some poisonous
fumes, but of what nature I am unable to
determine,” he announced, gazing from Or-
bit to the inspector with keen incisiveness.
“ I have never encountered a similar case,
but the symptoms admit of no other diag-
nosis. They are like, and yet unlike, some
of those I noted on the battlefields of
France a few years ago, but undoubtedly
death was induced by asphyxiation. The
autopsy will reveal its nature.”
  The inhalation of poisonous fumes! Mc-
Carty heard a faint but high pitched ejacu-
lation in the hall, in Ching Lee’s chattering
tones, and involuntarily his eyes strayed to
the distorted, bulbous, luridly glowing or-
chid which seemed in the shadows to be
moving, reaching out toward them! Could
it have been the “ breath of death ” in-
deed? He felt the nerves crawl beneath
his skin and his scalp tingled, but the
matter-of-fact voice of the inspector re-
called him to stern facts.
  “ How long would you say she’d been
dead, doctor?”
  “ Not much more than half an hour; the
body is still warm. You have taken charge
here?”
  The inspector nodded.
  “ Then I may suggest that you notify
your medical examiner without delay. I
understand that this death is—er—a mys-
tery, Mr. Orbit?"
  “ An unaccountable one, Dr. Allonby! I
was here in the room at the time it oc-
curred, playing the organ over there, and
Lucette and the baby—this young girl was
the nurse for Mrs. Bellamy’s child next
door—were seated on this bench.”
  The doctor started, and asked quickly:
“ The child! What has become of it?”
  “ The houseman took it home after you
were summoned,” Orbit replied.
  “ But it was unharmed? The child was
seated here beside the nurse?”
426
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
  “ Oh, no!” Orbit interrupted. “ While I
played it had climbed down and was amus-
ing itself over by that palm.”
  “A miraculous escape!” the doctor ex-
claimed. “ Had it remained here it would
undoubtedly have met with the same death
which overcame the nurse! Was that win-
dow open just as it is now, the one directly
behind those plants back of the bench?”
The doctor had never taken his eyes from
Orbit’s face, and it seemed to McCarty that
his tones had quickened.
  “ Just as you see it now,” affirmed Orbit.
“ Nothing has been disturbed or changed
in any way. But, doctor, are you positive
of your diagnosis? I am not questioning
your knowledge, but this terrible affair is
utterly inexplicable to me. I heard noth-
ing, saw no one. When I seated myself
before the organ Lucette was, to all casual
appearances, a perfectly normal young
woman glowing with health; when I turned
from it a few minutes later she was
stretched there dead! The child was ab-
solutely unconcerned, and I am sure she had
noticed nothing. She is a shy little crea-
ture, uneasy in the presence of strangers,
and if any one had stolen in and approached
the nurse it seems incredible that she would
not have cried out or run to me! Thank
Heaven, she is old enough to talk. We may
be able to learn something from her later.”
“ That is an important point,” conceded
the doctor. “ When you approached the
body, did you notice any peculiar odor in
the air? It would have been pungent, irri-
tating, almost choking. Think, Mr. Orbit!
You must have been conscious of some for-
eign, highly chemicalized odor even if it
were almost instantly dissipated.”
  There was a pause, and then Orbit slowly
shook his head.
  “ I was conscious of no such odor,” he
replied. “ It is odd, for I am peculiarly
sensitive to things of that sort, but then I
was overwhelmed with the shock of what
had taken place. As soon as I realized the
girl was dead I called the servants— They
might have detected this odor you speak of.
Jean! Ching Lee!”
  The two advanced reluctantly from the
hall, but in answer to the physician’s
queries, supplemented by more brusque
ones from the inspector, they could only
reply in the negative. Jean had been pol-
ishing some brasses in a near-by room, and
heard Mr. Orbit call Ching Lee; he had
thought it strange that he did not ring as
usual, and when he called again there was
something in his voice that made Jean think
he needed help. He rushed in and saw the
bonne stretched upon the bench and Mr.
Orbit standing there with the little Maude
in his arms.
  Ching Lee had entered just behind him,
and their stammered stories corroborated
that of their employer in every detail.
They had noticed no odor but that of
the plants all about, and they were quite
certain they had seen no stranger lurking
in the immediate vicinity, to say nothing
of getting into the house itself. They had
both been on the lower floor all the after-
noon.
  “ I live on the next street, and I shall
be glad to render any assistance possible
to your medical examiner.” Dr. Allonby
then turned to the inspector. “ I will look
up this case among my notes, and try
to ascertain the nature of the chemicals
used to generate the gas or vapor which
caused this young woman’s death, mean-
while holding myself entirely at your dis-
posal. Mr. Orbit, I regret that I arrived
too late to be of real service, but in any
event the end must have come almost in-
stantaneously.”
  He'bowed, still with that guarded air of
repression, and left the room, Ching Lee
accompanying him to the door, and Orbit
shrugged, throwing out his hands in a hope-
less gesture.
  “ You saw? I believe the man actually
thinks I am withholding some facts from
him! But who wouldn’t? I can't bring
myself to believe it either, even with that
poor girl’s body here before us! It is awful
—awful!”
  He sank down upon a low stone seat,
resting his head upon his hands, and the
inspector observed:
  ‘‘ Poison gas! That’s a new one on me,
except for the carbon monoxide generated
from motor cars standing in inclosed spaces.
I never was connected with the bomb squad,
but I thought most of that stuff had to be
ANNIHILATION.
427
exploded. You didn’t hear anything, did
you, while you were playing?”
  “ Not a sound. The ‘ Largo ’ is not
necessarily thunderous in volume, but it
has swelling chords which would have ef-
fectually smothered any slight noise. What
are we to do now, inspector? I am in your
hands.”
  “ Where’s your telephone? I've got to
notify headquarters and get the medical
examiner. That’s the first step, as the doc-
tor said. Of course, I want no one to leave
this house.”
  “ Assuredly not!” Orbit lifted his head.
“ Ching Lee, show Inspector Druet to the
telephone and then see that Fu Moy re-
mains quietly upstairs until he is sent for.”
Ching Lee bowed and followed the offi-
cial from the room. Dennis, who had been
fearfully regarding the body of the dead
girl, moved toward McCarty.
  “ By all that’s unholy, what’s doing
around here?” he whispered audibly. “ Are
the powers of darkness let loose entirely?
Poison gas, my eye! Mac, how would
anybody reach her except with a squirt gun
or a grenade through that window?”
  “ Who gave Hughes that poison, that
not one in a thousand has ever heard of,
and how was the Goddard kid snatched
from off the face of the earth?” McCarty
retorted, but in a cautiously lowered tone.
  He had approached the bench once more
and was gazing down at the still .figure.
“ You remember what Ching Lee said?
Lucette was the 1 next.’ He don’t think
this devilment is goin’ to stop even here,
and no more do I, unless our luck turns
and we can stamp it out. This girl,
now—”
  He paused, staring down seemingly at
the small feet incased in their neat shoes
which peeped out from beneath a fold of
her skirt. Dennis drew back with a shiver.
  “It turns me fair sick to look at her!
To think we was only talking to her this
morning! It seems to me there is a kind
of a funny smell in the air. Don't you get
it, Mac? Maybe it’s something that creeps
over you gradual, and before we know it
we could be corpses ourselves! I’d like well
to be out of this room.”
  “ ’Tis your imagination and not that
nose you brag of that’s working now!”
McCarty thrust his foot forward in a push-
ing motion until his knee struck smartly
against the edge of the stone seat on which
Lucette’s body lay. “ There’s no smell
whatever, barring the scent of the flowers!
Himself has been here through it all, re-
member.”
  He indicated with a jerk of his head the
seat where the bowed figure rested. At
that moment the inspector reentered the
conservatory.
  “ Mr. Orbit, is there any other entrance
to this room besides that door?”
  Orbit looked up and then rose slowly,
shaking his head.
  “ None; but the windows are open, as
you see—”
  “ We’ll close and fasten them and then
lock this door behind us. I want every-
thing in here left undisturbed until the med-
ical examiner comes. Take us somewhere
private where we can talk.”
  “ My stud}7, upstairs?” Orbit suggested.
“ All right. Riordan, close the windows,
will you, and fix the catches?” The in-
spector turned and fumbled with the key in
the lock as Dennis started for the windows,
and Orbit, after a last horror-stricken glance
at the dead girl, preceded the others from
the room.
  McCarty eyed his superior's back for a
moment, then stooped quickly and drew
out from under the bench the object he had
carefully kicked there a minute or two be-
fore. It was a slender stick with a wad of
shriveled, limp blue rubber dependent from
one end. Snapping the stick, he thrust it
back beneath the bench again and placed
the fragment with the clinging, clammily re-
silient pouch in his pocket. Then he, too,
glanced once more at Lucette’s dead face as
though ratifying some agreement between
them, and turned to follow his superior.
CHAPTER XIV.
THE BLUE BALLOON.
ORBIT told of the afternoon s tragic
experience again in detail for the
inspector’s benefit. McCarty and
Dennis listened carefully, but the account
428
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
differed in no way from his first description,
and just at its conclusion the medical ex-
aminer’s assistant was announced. The in-
spector descended with Orbit, but McCarty
and his colleague discreetly effaced them-
selves.
  “ We’re leaving just when it's getting
good!” Dennis sighed with morbid relish,
as they went down the steps and out into
the lengthening shadows of late afternoon.
“ I'd like to have had a good look by our-
selves around that conservatory. That doc-
tor may be all right for the fashionable, ex-
pensive ailments of the crowd around this
neighborhood, but I’ve been fighting fires
too long not to know what asphyxiation
means, and ’twas not that killed the poor
young thing in that great vault of a room,
with the windows open wide behind her.
How the devil do you suppose she did come
to die, Mac?”
  “I’m past guessing!” McCarty con-
fessed. “ ’Tis the worst case since ever I
went on the cops, and we’re up against the
cleverest murdering wretch that's been
loosed on the world! You'll mind I told
you once that brains and not brawn was
back of it all? Brains it is, with the genius
of them twisted and gone wrong, and a
knowledge of poisons and such that means
the learning of a lifetime. We’ll slip around
to the back of the house and wait till the
medical lad from headquarters has gone.
I’m thinking there’s more besides us would
like a minute or two in that conservatory.”
  “ Why?” Dennis looked startled. “Is
something hid there, do you mean? How
could it be, with the servants all the time
and Orbit right there in the room? 'Tis
the first murder ever I heard of that could
be pulled off with a man playing the organ
not twenty feet away and a little child run-
ning about in the midst of it, and neither
of them the wiser. There’s the baby now!'’
  They had reached the rear court, and in
the tradesmen’s entrance of the Bellamy
house next door a buxom housemaid ap-
peared with little Maude in her arms. She
stood eying them in undisguised curiosity
and interest, and McCarty lifted his hat,
approaching her with a bland smile.
  “ Maudie’s after having a new nurse, I
see! ” he began ingratiatingly. “ ’Tis a pity
Lucette took sick back there in Mr. Or-
bit’s—”
  “ How is she?” the woman interrupted.
“ What happened to her? I know who you
are; you’re from the police, trying to find
out who killed that valet from in there.”
McCarty acknowledged the recognition
with a bow as graceful as his girth per-
mitted.
  “ You’ve got us right. We just hap-
pened to be on hand to-day when Lucette
got sick. She’d brought the baby in to hear
Mr. Orbit play, and he told Jean to bring
her back home while the doctor was com-
ing. I guess that French girl’s pretty bad,
but they didn’t tell us what was the matter
with her.”
  “ Lucette!” The child had caught a fa-
miliar name. “ Maudie wants Lucette!
Wants to hear mans play adain!”
  She struggled to free herself, and the
woman stooped and set her on her feet,
but kept a careful grip on the fluffy skirts.
  “ She’s a handful!” Her tone was ex-
asperated. “ It was all I could do to get
her quiet, and now she’s started hollering
again. Lucette’s got a wonderful knack
with her, and patience too. and Maudie’s
took a great fancy to her, considering the
little while she’s been here. She’s a nice
girl, and I can’t think what’s ailing her. for
she was all right when she started out with
the baby for a walk this afternoon.”
  “ Want to walk now!” Maudie an-
nounced, making an abortive dive forward.
“ Want to go to Lucette!”
  “Hello, there!” McCarty held out a
stubby forefinger, and Maudie looked up
at him for a moment, then shyly clasped
her chubby hand about it. “ What hap-
pened to your pretty balloon?”
  “ Balloon?” Her other hand went to her
mouth and she sucked her thumb reflec-
tively.
  “ Sure,” McCarty urged encouragingly,
while Dennis stared at him in surprise.
“ The grand blue balloon you had. What’s
become of it? Did you break it?”
  “ She had no balloon—” the woman be-
gan; but Maudie was of another mind.
  “Did have!” she contradicted flatly.
“ Lucette buyed it.”
  “ Off a wop—I mean, a man—with a big
ANNIHILATION.
429
basket full of them down by the gate?”
McCarty asked. “ A big basket with a lot
of balloons, red and blue and purple ones?”
Maudie nodded.
  “Big bastik!” she affirmed. '‘Lucette
buyed balloon, an’ I tooked it into the
man’s house where he made the music.”
She was evidently trying hard to remem-
ber, and McCarty waited, but the effort
proving vain he prompted:
  “ You broke the balloon while the man
was making the music, didn’t you? When
you got down off Lucette’s lap to play
around, didn’t you break the pretty bal-
loon?”
  “ Didn’t bwoke it!” Maudie shook her
curls decidedly. “ Dave it to Lucette.”
  “ Whilst the man was making the mu-
sic?” McCarty persisted.
  “ No. Lucette tooked it when we went
into the man’s house, where the garden is
an’ the fing that makes the music. Want
my balloon!”
  The corners of the rosebud mouth
drooped pitifully and a premonitory mois-
ture dimmed her eyes.
  “ What did Lucette do with it, do you
know?”
  The question was beyond Maudie, how-
ever, and she could only reiterate: “ Want
Lucette! Want my balloon!”
  “ Did Lucette have many friends here in
this country, do you think?” McCarty gave
it up at last, and addressed the housemaid,
who fortunately did not note that he voiced
his query in the past tense.
   “ No, she hasn’t. She's got plenty of fol-
lowers, if that’s what you mean, but she’s
real sensible for such a young thing, and
don’t bother with them. She would not have
gone in Mr. Orbit’s house if that Hughes
had been alive, though. She hated the
sight of him, and small blame to her!”
McCarty chuckled.
  “ He was a gay lad, from all accounts!
But I guess there are others that Lucette
hates, too, eh? She’s kind of afraid of some-
body, isn’t she?”
  “ Not that I know of.” The woman
tossed her head as she caught up the pro-
testing Maudie once more. “ I’ve no call
to be talking about her to a stranger, any-
way. Get along with your nonsense!”
  McCarty laughed again good naturedly.
“ A bit of gossip does no harm! But we’ve
work to do, Denny and me. Good-bv,
Maudie!”
  “ By-by,” that young person responded
graciously, and the two departed for the
Orbit house.
  “ What for were you asking the kid about
the balloon?” Dennis asked when they were
out of earshot of the woman, who still stood
in the door watching them. “ I saw none
anywhere near the girl’s body. How did
you know she’d bought one for the child?”
“ What would that wop have been hang-
ing around the gate for, if he'd not sold
one already in here and hoped to get rid of
more?” McCarty countered. “ Who else
would be wanting balloons when there’s no
other kid on the block, since the Burminster
girl’s not back from the country and Hor-
ace Goddard’s gone?”
  “ Gone, it is! ” Dennis’s voice lowered
fearfully. “ I feel it in my bones, Mac,
that the boy will never turn up alive!
There goes the car with the medical ex-
aminer’s assistant. They’ll be sending now
for the body, and then ’twill be all over
the neighborhood. Who in the devil is back
of it all?”
  “ Who’ll be the next one marked for
death or disappearance?” retorted McCar-
ty. “ ’Tis that has me worried now, for
the hell hound is working faster and faster,
as if the killing fever was getting the best
of him, and by that same token that’s my
one hope: that ’twill get the best of his
shrewdness and cunning, and he’ll give him-
self away! That’s the question now, Den-
ny: who’ll be the next?”
  They reentered the Orbit house by way
of the tradesmen’s entrance to find that
Andre, the cook, had returned and was
visibly wrought up over the fate of his
countrywoman. His hands trembled as he
shelled chestnuts for a glace, and dire
threats issued in a choked monotone from
beneath the fiercely bristling mustache.
  “ That Hughes should have been taken,
perhaps it was the hand of fate or le bon
Dieit, for he was of use to no one in the
world except m’sieit’, and a perfect valet is
easily found, especially among the French,
but that the little Horace should be made
430
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
to disappear and now Lucette the beautiful
one is kill’—it shall be for the revenge!”
“You’re right, it shall!” McCarty re-
turned grimly. “ Andre, do you know the
Parsons’ cook across the street?”
  “ It is a she!” Andre looked up with a
shrug of unutterable contempt. “ A wom-
an big like a brigadier with three moles
upon her cheek! How should she know
the art of the cuisine? But what would
you ? They are of the old bourgeoisie, these
Parsons! I am not acquaint’ with the
Amazon of the three moles!”
  “ Did ever you notice the eyes of her?”
McCarty asked suddenly. “ Do they be
looking two ways at once?”
  “But, yes!” Andre stared. “It is as
though she would see behind of her. Has
she, then, tell to you something of value to
your search?”
  “ She’d have to see more than just behind
her to do that, Andre!”
  They left him still muttering and passed
through the pantries and down the hall to-
ward the front, but McCarty drew Dennis
hastily back as the doorbell sounded vo-
ciferously.
  “ That ’11 be the ambulance to take the
body to the morgue for the autopsy,” he
whispered. “ The medical examiner’s as-
sistant must have phoned for it before he
left, that it’s here so quick. We’ll just be
laying low till it’s gone.”
  “ And we’ve no chance for another look
at the corpse!” Dennis mourned.
  “ What for? ’Twould help us none and
’tis not from what's already happened we’ll
find out the truth, but from what’s maybe
coming! It’s as well to have the poor
thing's body out of the way.”
  In silence then they listened to the heavy
tramp of feet, but when the front door
had closed once more McCarty beckoned
to his companion and started for the con-
servatory. Its door stood wide, the win-
dows had been flung open again and a slight
breeze which had sprung up stirred and
rustled the leaves of the palms, but nowhere
did there remain any sign of the tragedy
so recently enacted.
  Walking over to the organ McCarty
scrutinized it critically and then seating
himself on the stool before it with his back
  to the instrument and hands outspread on
his knees he regarded the marble bench on
which Lucette had met her death while
Dennis shifted from foot to foot watching
him. All at once with a grunt he doubled
forward and appeared to be peering at the
space beneath the bench.
  “ Nothing’s under there.” Dennis’s eyes
had followed the direction of his gaze.
“ The floor’s as bare and clean as the palm
of your hand. What more is there here
for us to see?”
  “ Not a thing, now,” McCarty replied.
Nevertheless, he crossed to the windows
and examined the sills before leading the
way from the room.
  In the hall they met Orbit. There were
deep lines graven on his face by the shock
and strain of the afternoon’s horror and
he was holding himself in such deep repres-
sion that only his eyes betrayed his emotion,
glowing darkly like live coals in an ashen
pallor.
  “ It is—all over?” he asked in a hushed
tone. “ Jean tells me the body has been
removed and the conservatory thrown open
again. 1 would gladly close it forever.
I	feel that I can never touch the organ,
but I suppose that is morbid. Whatever
mysterious, horrible thing came to destroy
that girl we can be thankful that the baby
escaped! Your inspector is quite beyond
his depth, I am afraid, but have you and
Riordan no clew?”
  “ Did the medical examiner’s assistant
say it was poison gas did it, the same as
the doctor?” McCarty evaded the ques-
tion.
  “ He didn’t express an opinion while I
was there, but your inspector went away
with him, perhaps for some data that may
reveal the actual cause of poor Lucette’s
death. With all respect to Dr. Allonby I
cannot convince myself that the girl was
gassed. The sheer impossibility of it under
the circumstances can’t be overcome in my
mind! But don’t let me keep you, unless,
of course, there are some questions you wish
to ask me?”
  “ Not now.” McCarty shook his head.
“ We’ll be back later, likely. You’ve my
own phone number in case anything turns
up?”
ANNIHILATION.
431
  Orbit nodded and himself showed them
out the front door. Bill Jennings met them
as they approached the east gate and
immediately launched into excited queries
concerning the murder, but McCarty cut
him short.
  “ You know as much about it as we do
ourselves,” he asserted. “ The girl died
sudden, sitting in the conservatory with the
child playing around her feet and not even
the doctor’s sure what took her. Bill, do
you mind that balloon peddler you chased
away from the gate when we were coming
in? Did you ever see him hanging about
before?”
  “ Many a time,” returned the watchman
promptly. “ Balloons are a new line with
him; it used to be peanuts, and before that
little plaster images. Tony, his name is—
he knows this boy coming now, that de-
livers the evening papers for the whole
Mall. Is there anything wrong about him?
He ain’t ever been inside the gates while I
was on!”
  “Lord, no!” McCarty replied hastily.
“ I thought he looked kind of like a dago
I used to know myself. Don’t let any re-
porters in, Bill, until we get back.”
  He hurried through the gate dragging
Dennis after him and around the corner,
where he came to a halt.
  “ I want a word with that paper boy,”
he explained. “ Happen he’ll give us a line
on this Tony; we’ll collar him as he goes
back.”
  “ Balloons again!” Dennis exclaimed in
disgust. “ Well, I know you’ll not talk
till your own good time, but tis in your
mind that a balloon had something to do
with that girl’s death! I’d better be get-
ting back to the engine house, laying up
some good sleep against to-morrow, for it’s
small use I’ll be while you keep me in the
dark!”
  “ I'm in the dark myself, Denny,” Mc-
Carty confessed in contrition. “ ’Tis only
a wild guess on my part, but I’ve a busted
toy balloon in my pocket that I picked up
from the floor of that conservatory right
foreninst Lucette’s feet after the doctor had
gone. I don't know has it anything to do
with the case, but ’twas the gas that bal-
loons are sometimes filled with that put me
in mind of it. I broke the stick off it and
threw it under the bench and when we
went back just now it was gone.”
  Dennis’s jaw dropped.
  “ But how in the world could gas, poi-
soned or no, be put into it?” he began. “ I
never heard tell of the like—”
 “Whisht! The lad’s coming now!”
McCarty cautioned, then stepped forward.
“ Hey, just a minute, sonny! Where ’11
I find your friend Tony, him that sells toy
balloons? I saw him around here this
afternoon and I want to get a dozen or so
off him for an entertainment. Bill Jen-
nings, the watchman there at the Mall, said
you could tell me.”
  The boy, an olive skinned lad, with soft,
dark eyes" and a shy, ingratiating smile,
pushed his cap farther back on his curly-
black hair.
  “ Tony Primavera?” he nodded. “ Tony's
got de best balloons fer a dime in de city,
mister. He ought ter be t’roo bus’ness fer
de day now, but youse can find him over
where he lives wid Joe de ice man, in a
basement on Thoid Avenyer near Eightieth
Street. He’ll have his stuff dere wid him.
too!”
  Thanking their informant they started
east to the avenue indicated and up along
that teeming thoroughfare to Eightieth
Street, where they readily found the steep
basement stairs with the sign outside that
orders for coal and ice would be taken
below.
  With Dennis close behind McCarty de-
scended to the dark half cellar lighted dim-
ly by a single flaring gas jet. Besides the
table and broken backed chairs, two cots
covered with soiled blankets and a stove on
which a pot bubbled and gave forth a
strong aroma of garlic denoted that the
apartment served for living as well as busi-
ness purposes. But their eyes were caught
primarily by the huge basket in the corner
bristling with toy balloons so that it seemed
a miracle it was not lifted from the floor
by its aerial freight.
  “ Are they the same he had with him this
afternoon?” asked Dennis.
  “ If they are he’s not sold many,” re-
sponded McCarty. “ Where’s he gone, I
wonder? ’Tis a grand sight we’ll be. trail-
432
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
ing them through the streets across town,
but I’m going to find out what’s inside of
every last one of them this night.”
  Dennis betrayed acute symptoms of
alarm.
  “ What if we find what we’re looking for
and the two of us keel over?” he demanded.
“ If you’ll listen to me for once, Mac, we’ll
take them up to the park in the fine fresh
air and bust them with rocks—thrown!
I’m not saying we’ve done such a hell of a
lot so far in this investigation, but we’d do
less laid out cold and stiff! ”
  “ Well do the spellbinders—of the los-
ing party—tell us the town is going to the
devil when we depend on the likes of you,
that’s afraid of a child's toy, to protect us if
we drop a cigarette or coax the stove along
with a bit of kerosene! ” retorted McCarty,
adding with naive inconsistency: “ That
wop ain’t carting poison gas around with
him in ten cent balloons, but I'm going to
be sure, anyhow.”
  A clatter on the steps interrupted the
debate and the swarthy vendor of the after-
noon appeared with a round, porous loaf
and a pale, bulbous cheese unwrapped be-
neath his arm.
  “ Joe’s out.” He Jerked his thumb to-
ward the table. “ Write do ord’ on da slate
an’ bime-by he bring it.”
  “ ’Tis not coal nor ice we want, Tony,
but some of your balloons, a lot of them,’’
McCarty replied. “ You know the kid that
delivers the papers over at the New Queen’s
Mall? He told us where to find you, for
they’re giving a child’s party where we work
and we’ve got to have the balloons right
away.”
  “ How many?” Tcny deposited the
bread and cheese on the table with a thump
and proceeded eagerly to business. “ Fine-a
balloon, only fifteen-a cent—”
  “ A dime was what you were asking this
afternoon and a dime you'll get now!” Mc-
Carty announced with decision. “ How
many have you there?”
  The Italian shrugged philosophically and
counted on his grimy fingers.
  “ Twenta-two.” He looked up with a
grimace. “ Bad-a biz to-day!”
  “ We’ll take the lot,” declared his cus-
tomer. “ Tie the stems of them together in
two bunches if you can. Here’s your
money.”
  The bargain was soon concluded and they
sallied forth with their burden, but it ex-
cited so much comment, chiefly of a humor-
ous nature, that McCarty himself was glad
to subside in the depths of a taxi encoun-
tered on a side street.
  “ Don’t sit all over me!” he warned his
companion irritably as they started anew.
“ You’ll be busting the damn things before
we get home! Is it grinning the chauffeur
is, the blockhead?”
  “ ’Tis two lunatics he thinks he’s driv-
ing!” Dennis averred gloomily. “He’d
grin with the other side of his mouth if he
knew he was carrying a load of sudden
death, maybe! I’ll thank you to move over
yourself, Timothy McCarty, and not be
poking them gas bags in my face! ”
  Thereafter conversation languished until
they drew up before the door of McCarty's
rooms. M. Girard, the dealer in antiques,
came to the door of his shop and raised
his withered hands heavenward at this lat-
est demonstration of his neighbor’s eccen-
tricity, but McCarty vouchsafed him only
a curt nod and then followed Dennis, who
was gingerly ascending the stairs guarding
his cargo with almost maternal solicitude.
  In the living room he deposited it in
the middle of the floor and opened the
windows wide before turning on the light.
The balloons rose slowly ceilingward in a
variegated cluster and he made a wild dive
to secure them.
  “ Tie your bunch to the arm' of the
chair,McCarty directed. “ We’ll start
with mine. Hold them till I get out my
penknife and jab it into one.”
  Dennis shut his eyes tightly, and holding
his breath, extended his long arm until the
joints cracked, but a sharp pop like the shot
of a miniature revolver made him gasp, for-
getting his caution. He opened his eyes to
behold one of the balloons hanging, a mere
deflated wisp, at the end of its stick.
  “ Nothing but plain air,” McCarty com-
mented. “ ’Tis not gassed you are, is it,
Denny?”
  “ Not yet,” replied Dennis with a palpa-
ble reservation. “ You’ve twenty-one left,
though!”
                          7	A
ANNIHILATION.
438
  “ We’ll make short work of them!” Mc-
Carty jabbed a second balloon with his
knife and the ensuing report was productive
of a like harmless result.
  Thereafter the air was for a space filled
with a rapid succession of small detona-
tions, and when it was over and not a bal-
loon was left intact Dennis’s apprehension
gave place to disgust.
  ‘‘ Tis in our second childhood we are!”
he declared. “ Whatever put it into your
head that the toy balloon had anything
to do with the girl's death—”
  But McCarty was not listening. He had
drawn from his pocket the shriveled shred
of rubber on its fragment of stick and was
smoothing it out thoughtfully between his
fingers. All at once he straightened.
  “ Denny, that first balloon we stuck the
knife into was red, wasn’t it?”
  “ Sure it was! ” Denny looked his sur-
prise.
  “ And the second was blue and the third
green?”
  “ I disremember—but what of it?”
“Look at them! Stretch them out and
see if they’ve changed color since!” Mc-
Carty’s tones shook with excitement and
Dennis caught the infection. He drew the
limp rubber out and scrutinized each torn
balloon in turn, then shook his head.
  “ There’s nothing different about them
that I can see! What are you getting at?”
“ Just this! When I picked this up it
was blue, as blue as that second one we
broke, and look at it now!” The rubber
wisp he held out was a greenish gray mot-
tled with brown spots which were already
disintegrating. “ Denny, the others didn’t
change color because ’twas just air they
were filled with, but this is different; it’s
rotting before our eyes! ’Twas this child’s
toy held the poison gas that killed Lucette! ”
CHAPTER XV.
MIDNIGHT MARAUDERS.
THE litter of wrecked balloons was
cleared away and the one which had
changed color with such sinister sig-
nificance was carefully deposited in an
empty tin cracker box. With pipe and
8 A
cigar alight Dennis and McCarty were dis-
cussing the latest development, the fatigue
from the previous night’s sleepless activity
forgotten in their renewed zeal.
  “ There’s an old guy I know living far
uptown that’s a wizard about chemistry,”
McCarty observed, neglecting to mention
that the “ wizard ” had an interesting police
record. “ I’ll take the box with what’s left
of that blue balloon in it up to him some
morning, but we’ll not breathe a word of it
to another living soul! ’Tis somebody on
the Mall or with easy access to it that’s
walking around with two murders and a
disappearance on the conscience of them,
maybe giving us fair words every day and
the grand laugh behind our backs. We
don't know who it is and till we do, we’ll
be telling nothing to any of them.”
  “ True for you!” Dennis nodded. “I’m
thinking, though, ‘tis on the north side of
the street you’ll find your man, Mac, for
everything that's happened hit the three
households on the south side; Orbit’s valet
and Goddard’s son and now Mrs. Bellamy’s
nurse girl. The only two houses opposite
that are occupied since the Burminsters
are still away are Five and Seven—the
Sloanes and the Parsons. We’ll not be for-
getting that Swede, Otto, who beat it away
from the Sloanes at the first alarm, and
we've not so much as crossed the door sill
there yet. but then there’s the Parsons, too.
They hold themselves better than their
neighbors and have them that are next to
royalty, no less, for company, and still and
all they have an ex-convict and suspected
poisoner at that to buttle for them! If I
was that ambassador I’d have thought twice
before I stayed to lunch!”
  “ They’ve a houseful of crooks, 1 ex ’ or
no,” McCarty asserted, regarding his cigar
thoughtfully. “ I got Porter right, but
’twas the inspector first gave me the wire
without knowing it when he said the house-
maid and page boy looked familiar and as if
he’d seen them somewhere before, but he
couldn't place them. Where would he have
seen them if ’twas not at headquarters or
on trial? Andre put the last touch to it
this afternoon, though.”
  *■ Orbit’s cook?”
  “ He did that. Do you mind when I
434
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
asked him if he knew the cook over at
Parsons he said it was a ‘ she,’ a great big
woman with three moles on her cheek?
Jennie Malone shoved about twenty thou-
sand dollars’ worth of the queer-in the best
stores of the city for the Carpenter counter-
feiting gang before she was pinched and
she’d never have been caught after she got
the office to make her get-away if it hadn’t
been for those three moles that gave her
away. Ever since Andre tipped me off
unbeknownst I’ve been asking myself what
was the rest of that household like, and did
they have more reasons than one for keep-
ing the neighbors at arm's length?”
  Dennis sat forward suddenly and took his
pipe from his mouth.
  “ Do you mean the Parsons themselves
are not on the level?” he demanded. “ The
old gentleman with his grand charities and
his pious talk, the old maid sister and the
young niece? Three generations of them
have lived in that same house, Goddard
said, and the women of the family must
be out of it, but do you think the old
gentleman is cracked, maybe, and turned
murderer wholesale? Is it him that's plant-
ed a hotbed of crime right there in the
Mall?”
  “Somebody has.” McCarty shrugged.
“ Of course the two murders happened in
Orbit’s house, if ’twas there Hughes got his
dose of Calabar bean, and the Goddard kid
disappeared from next door—”
  Dennis snorted.
  “ Would Orbit be killing the valet that
give him perfect service all these years
till he can't so much as put on his own
shirt for himself, no less murdering a nurse
girl, and running off with a boy? None in
the Bellamy household could have had a
hand in Lucette’s death and it stands to
reason Goddard didn’t kidnap his own son!
Orbit’s likely to be under fire now and come
in for a lot of notoriety and maybe—well,
there’s others under that roof besides him-
self!”
  “ I’ve been turning that over in my mind,
too.” McCarty took a last pull at his cigar
and laid the stub in the tray. “ We’ve put
in this evening so far breaking balloons
and that’s about all we’ve been doing since
first this case started; opening up one gas
bag after another and getting nothing but
empty air! I’d like a chance to go through
the Parsons' house and Orbit’s, too, with
no one the wiser, and if you were not such
a clumsy, heavy-footed galoot, Denny, we'd
be paying them a little visit to -night with-
out leaving our cards.”
  “ Clumsy, is it?” Dennis repeated indig-
nantly. “ Me that’s been scaling walls and
ladders since you tramped your first beat!
We’ve broke in an empty house there in
broad day and we can get in the others at
night just as easy in spite of what new-
fangled burglar alarms they may have, for
I’m on to most of them through fighting
fires, thanks be!
  “ I've felt in the soul of me since the
first night we went through those gates
that sooner or later we’d be marauding in
there like a couple of second story workers
and now it’s come! If instead of Parsons
and his convicts it should be one of those
Frenchmen or the Chink in Orbit’s house
we’ll spot him!”
  “ The first thing we spot will be the res-
taurant around the corner, for ’tis near ten
o’clock, and we’ve had no dinner,” Mc-
Carty rejoined. “ We won’t be showing up
near the Mall till midnight or after, and
we’ve a lot to plan first.”
  Their meal finished, they returned again
to the rooms, but McCarty paused in the
doorway of the living room for a moment,
a peculiar expression crossing his face.
  “ Sit you down and light your pipe,
Denny.” He threw open the closet door
as he spoke. “ I’ll be with you in a minute.
Now where—”
  He left the closet and went into the bed-
room, and Dennis paused in the act of
tamping his pipe to listen open mouthed,
for an unaccustomed sound came to his
ears. McCarty was whistling, wheezilv
and off key, but there was something oddly
reminiscent in the simple, insistently re-
iterated measure; moreover, McCarty never
indulged in that or any other form of me-
lodious expression unless in a blatant at-
tempt at dissimulation.
  What was he doing, anyway, that he
didn’t want his own pal to get on. to? He’d
opened and shut the door of his clothes
closet, and now he was in the bathroom,
ANNIHILATIOX.
435
still trying to whistle that funny little tune,
almost like the ones Molly’s kid learned at
the kindergarten!
  Dennis shrugged and went on lighting
his pipe as McCarty reentered the room,
and going to the mantel, selected a cigar
from the box reposing there.
  “ Did you find what you were looking
for?”
  McCarty reddened.
  “ I did not, but no matter,” he replied
shortly. “ I unearthed an old kit of bur-
glar’s toois that I took once off of Black
Matt, that ’11 maybe come in handy, and
here’s a revolver for you.”
  “I’ve no use for it!” remarked Dennis
hastily, regarding the weapon with small
favor. “ Something short and hefty is
more in my line, with no trigger to go off
unexpected and send me to the chair!”
  “ Do you think I’d trust you with it if
it was loaded?” his host retorted. “ ’Tis
only to throw a bluff if we’re cornered, and
we’ll be wearing handkerchiefs over our
faces like movie burglars, for whatever
comes we don’t want to be recognized! It
don't matter what tracks we leave behind
us as long as we get clear ourselves, so we’ll
take these nippers to ait every wire we
see.”
  “ And to-morrow there’ll be a new job
for us, tracking our own selves!” Dennis
grinned, and then his face sobered.
“ We’ve the hardest job on our hands as it
is that ever we tackled, Mac, with this in-
human devil to lay low!”
  “ I’ve a creepy feeling that there’s more
than him at work.” McCarty dropped the
tools he had been sorting and stared re-
flectively into space. “ I don’t know how
to put it, but it seems as if there was some-
thing powerful and as evil as a spirit from
hell itself that’s helping the wretch in his
destruction! He’s getting bolder, Denny;
he’ll over-reach himself yet, and if we could
figure who’s to be the next, we could close
in on him!”
  “ ’Tis too deep for me.” Dennis shook
his head. “ Is there a glass-cutter and a
lump of putty in that layout?”
  For more than an hour they discussed
the forthcoming adventure, and at mid-
night left the apartment and took a round-
about way across town to the New Queen’s
Mall. Waiting until Dave Hollis, the night
watchman, had strolled to the other end of
the block, they let themselves in at the west
gate and slipped into the court between the
Burminster mansion and the Sloanes's
smaller residence next door. The original
plan had been to visit Orbit’s house first,
but a light still glowed from the lower floor,
indicating that the host and his guest, Sir
Philip Devereux, had not yet retired. But
the Parsons establishment was decorously
dark, and they proceeded to its rear along
the open back court like two moving shad-
ows. There they paused to adjust hand-
kerchiefs over the lower part of their faces,
and Dennis took stock of the situation.
There was no moon, and even the stars
were partly obscured by scudding clouds,
while the rising wind that swirled through
the alleylike spaces between the houses be-
tokened a coming storm.
  “ ’Tis the equinox, no less, that’s on the
way!” Dennis shivered more from nerv-
ousness than chill, and his voice came in a
muffled whisper from beneath the hand-
kerchief. The flash light in his hand wav-
ered as he directed its infinitesimal ray
against the house wall.
  “ Look at that, now! If the old gentle-
man keeps any valuables here he must think
that the crooks under his roof are enough
protection from them outside, for he’s still
depending on the old Kip electric system
that a babe in arms could disconnect! Get
you to the mouth of the alley, Mac, and
keep an eye out for the watchman.”
  McCarty obeyed, and when, after an in-
terval during which Hollis had passed twice,
he heard a cautious hiss behind him and
returned, it was to observe loose wires
dangling innocuously from the wall and a
yawning aperture in one of the windows
where Dennis had removed a whole pane of
glass.
  “ I made a good job of it,” the latter
whispered complacently. “ The telephone
is cut, too, and the inside burglar attach-
ment. The old gentleman’s not such a fool
after all, for he’s got an installation that
once set would warn him if a window or
outside door was touched; but I put it out
of business. Take off your shoes like I
436
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
did and then come on; I’ve fixed the catch
already.”
  He raised the window inch by inch, while
McCarty removed his shoes, tied the laces
together, and hung them about his neck.
Then he crawled over the sill, drew his
bulkier companion in after him, and flashed
his light quickly about.
  “ There’s the door. You said not to
bother with any rooms downstairs except
the old gentleman’s private study or sitting
room, if he’s got one, didn’t you?”
  “ Yes. I can see the foot of the back
stairs at the end of this hall, so shut off that
light!” McCarty whispered in response.
“ You’re breathing loud enough to wake
the dead!”
  Dennis grunted indignantly, but made no
rejoinder, and they fumbled their way to
the stairs and up. The silence was oppres-
sive, and to the amateur housebreakers it
seemed to hold an ever-increasing menace.
They padded along in their stockinged feet
through the wide hall, pausing at each door-
way as McCarty directed his own electric
torch within, but only stately drawing-
rooms and a dining hall huge enough for a
banquet met their gaze.
  “ Wouldn’t you think he’d buy more fur-
niture?” McCarty forgot their equivocal
situation for the moment as he gazed dis-
paragingly down a long portrait gallery
where Cavalier and Puritan forbears of
the Parsons looked down only upon a few
chairs placed at wide intervals against the
wall. “ There are not seats enough in all
the parlors to hold a decent funeral, and
what there is, is old and dull like the junk
in Girard’s antique shop!”
  “ Maybe ’tis worth as much and more,”
Dennis suggested sagely. “ I'm not facing
jail this minute, though, for a chance to
look at it! There’s a smaller room beyond
that might be the old gentleman’s study.”
  He had guessed truly, though the apart-
ment in which they found themselves more
closely resembled a business office. A roll-
top desk and swivel chair, filing cases and
a solidly compact safe met their gaze, and
the rugs, upholstered furniture, and tall
bookcases which completed the appoint-
ments, formed merely an incongruous back-
ground.
  “ Unless you’re up in safe-blowing, which
I doubt, I don’t see as this room is going to
tell us anything!” Dennis whispered.
“ Them keys that you stuffed your pockets
with will do no good.”
  “ Won’t they?” McCarty chuckled grim-
ly, and strode toward the nearest filing case.
“ Hold your light steady, Denny; fireproof
this thing may be, but all the sections of it
open with the one lock, and I could pick it
with a buttonhook!”
  The lock confirmed his opinion by yield-
ing to the third key tried, and the various
sections, filled with an orderly arrangement
of ledgers and documents, were at their dis-
posal.
  “ Look at the fine, neat writing of him.”
Dennis was rummaging in the topmost one.
“ What’s this? ’Tis a lot of typed stuff
with his own notes on the margin, and
headed: ‘ Report. Chris Porter, 1913-
1920.’ He’s wrote under it: ‘ Reasonable
doubt. Pardon essential ’; then, ‘ Pardon
granted, help needed.’ ”
  “Give it to me!” McCarty demanded.
“ Are there any more like it? These ledg-
ers have nothing in them but notes on
charity cases.”
  “Here’s another: something about a re-
formatory, and in his own writing: ‘ Weak
not vicious. Useful if right influence.’ It’s
headed: ‘ Danny Sayre, 17.’ This one is
about that Jennie Malone—”
  “Let me have them all!”- McCarty in-
terrupted. “ Don't you see what they are?
The criminal records of all the hired help!
Take the next section, after.” •
  A pause broken only by the rustling of
papers ensued, and then Dennis exclaimed
in an awestruck whisper:
  “ Mac! Here’s a lot of notes about ways
of killing, all mixed up with religion, and—
and among ’em’s poison gas! Fluorine,
hydrogen and H. 2. F. 2—”
  “ Grab it!” McCarty hastily thrust the
documents he had been examining into his
pockets and closed the filing case. “ Grab
all the notes and come along: we’ll need
look no further in this house!”
  Yet, on the way to the door, he paused,
and ran the pinpoint of light along the rows
of books in their towering cases. They
appeared to be volumes of references on
ANNIHILATION.
437
widely diversified subjects from hygiene
and sanitation to law and religion, and all
arranged in meticulous order save on a low-
er shelf where the huge tomes of an en-
cyclopedia had been stacked helter-skelter.
One volume, that labeled: “ Bronze—Ce-
phalaspis,” protruded from the row as
though too hastily replaced, and McCarty
stooped on a sudden impulse and drew it
out. The morocco covers fell apart, and
the book opened midway, where a thin, sil-
very, leaf-shaped object had been inserted
as a mark.
  At a muttered injunction, Dennis held
his light trained upon it, and McCarty's
eyes traveled down the page, then stopped,
and for a long minute there was no sound
except their mingled breaths. Then the
latter whispered:
  “ Listen, Denny; here’s a queer one!
‘ It is used in the form of an emulsion by
the natives of Africa, as an ordeal when
persons are suspected of witchcraft. It is
believed that if the suspect vomits it he is
innocent; if it is retained and death oc-
curs, he is guilty.’ ”
  “ A mighty sensible arrangement, con-
sidering!” Dennis commented. “If he’s
guilty, and I’d not put witchcraft past them
heathens, they’re saved the bother and ex-
pense of an execution! But what in the
name of common sense has it got to do
with what’s been going on here in the
Mall?”
  “ Nothing.” McCarty tore out the -page,
wrapped it about the leaflike bookmark,
and pocketed it. “ Nothing whatever, ex-
cept that the stuff they make the suspects
take is Calabar bean!”
  He replaced the mutilated volume and
they stole from the room, making their way
down the stairs and back to the open win-
dow through which they had entered. The
silence still reigned unbroken, and when
they had crawled through the aperture and
out into the wind-swept court, McCarty
leaned against the wall, balancing himself
precariously on one foot as he drew on a
shoe, while Dennis softly closed the win-
dow.
  “ We’ll not be breaking into Orbit’s?”
the latter asked, as he followed his com-
panion’s example. “ Them notes about
poison gas, the marked page telling of Cala-
bar bean, and the life history of the crooks
he surrounds himself with — if Benjamin
Parsons isn’t the man we’re looking for I’ll
eat my hat!”
  “ Then maybe you’d better be working
up an appetite against the future!” sug-
gested McCarty dryly. “ There’s no more
proof against him than there was against
that Otto Lindholm, and if the lights are
out over at Orbit’s, I’m going to take a
chance!”
  The miniature palace across the way was
in total darkness, but its marble front
gleamed whitely in the faint glimmer of
starlight before a wind-driven cloud ob-
scured the sky. Once more escaping the
vigilance of the night watchman, they
crossed the street and passed down the
opening next to the Goddard house, where
the glow from all the upper windows bore
mute testimony once more to the sustained
anxiety and heartbreaking suspense within.
  McCarty halted his companion before
the little side door.
  “ I’ll wait here while you go around back
and cut any wires you find,” he directed.
“ The bulge of the conservatory hides me
from the street, and tis not likely any of
the Goddard household will be looking out
their windows. What with the murder,
and then company and all. Ching Lee may
have forgot to fasten this door proper on
the inside, and we can force it easier than
the iron grille outside the rear windows.
Don’t be all night, Denny!”
  Dennis glanced rather dubiously up at
the next house and then out to the side-
walk, but he hurried away without a word.
McCarty took out his keys and waited.
  The strangely coincidental facts he had
unearthed with such fortuitous ease in Ben-
jamin Parsons’s study gave him much food
for reflection, but long experience made him
more wary of jumping to conclusions than
his optimistic colleague. Parsons was
known as an eminent and practical philan-
thropist; what if he’d taken those ex-con-
victs into his home to reform them at first
hand? It would be natural enough for him
to keep reports on their past records. Cala-
bar bean had been prominently mentioned
in the papers in connection with the mur-
438
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
der of his neighbor’s valet; mightn’t he
have been interested sufficiently to look it
up as a rarity? The notes on poison gas
“ mixed up with religion ” were more diffi-
cult to explain, but then only Dennis had
seen them yet; and—where the devil was
Denny, anyway?
  McCarty craned his neck to stare into
the darkness toward the rear, but no deeper
shadow moved, and no sound came to him
but the moaning swish of the wind. Denny
had maybe found a burglar alarm that
wasn’t so easy to put out of business!
  Hollis pounded heavily past on the side-
walk, then returned and went on again,
and still there was no sign of his erstwhile
companion. But all at once the bolts of
the door against which he leaned were
drawn back, and McCarty had barely time
to spring aside and flatten himself in the
corner of the out-curving glass conservatory
wall when the door itself swung inward.
  He held his breath, but no one appeared,
and then at last a low hiss assailed his
ears.
  “ Tis you!” Mingled relief and exas-
peration lent emphasis to his whispered
ejaculation. “ For what did you play such
a damn fool trick? I near landed on the
flat of my back—”
  “ Forget it!” Denny interrupted with un-
accustomed assertion. “ Come on in before
the watchman passes again! You’d never
have got past these bolts only I found a
way in through the little pantry ventilator;
you couldn’t have squeezed through it in a
year! Now, which way? Is it up to the
floor where the Frenchmen and them two
heathen sleep that we’ll be going? No-
body’s stirring.
  He had closed the door and noiselessly
shot the bolts, and McCarty responded:
  “ I want to make sure. Orbit said he
wasn’t a good sleeper, you’ll remember,
and if he could rest easy in his bed this
night, with that poor girl murdered under
his roof not so many hours past, he’s not
the man I took him for! We’ll go up the
back stairs and then sneak along the hall
to his door. Thanks be, we know the lay of
this house!”
  They crept silently through the card
room and past the pantries to the back
stairs, where they stopped and removed
their shoes again before venturing upward.
No faintest ray of light shone from under
any door on the floor above to compete
with their darting flash light, but from be-
hind, one on the left, deep and regular
breathing denoted that one at least of the
household, doubtless the distinguished ar-
rival of the previous evening, slumbered un-
haunted by morbid visions.
  Before the door of Orbit’s own bedroom
they halted, but no sound came from with-
in, and at length McCarty motioned to his
companion and tiptoed into the sitting room
adjoining.
  “ You’ve been in that bedroom before.”
His lips barely formed the words close to
Dennis’s ear. “ You’ll know how the fur-
niture’s placed, so as not to fall over it.
Go in and see is he asleep; I’ve our story
all fixed if he should jump you.”
  “I’ve not!” Dennis retorted in palpable
reluctance. “ Moreover, there’s a queer,
sweetish smell in the air; don’t you get it?
If he or anything else in there jumps me
I hope you’ll get busy first and explain
afterwards! ”
  He left McCarty’s side, and . the latter
heard his feet pad softly off toward the
connecting door between the rooms. A
pause ensued, then came the- footsteps
again, but fainter, now, and after a mo-
ment a low light flashed. It wavered,
steadied, went out suddenly, and a dull
thud came to McCarty’s ears as the elec-
tric torch itself struck the thick pile of
the rug. He started forward as Dennis’s
low, shaking voice was borne upon the si-
lence.
  “ For the love of the saints, come here,
Somebody’s been before us! ”
                    Mac!
TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK
u	U	tJ	u
coming	OFFICER! an interesting tale
 SOON	BY HULBERT FOOTNER UNDER AN ARRESTING TITLE
By CHARLES FRANCIS COE
THE most trying of all times for the
fighter is that endless period which
crowds itself into the two days before
“ fight time.” Then it is that tensity of
perfect physical condition rebels against the
enforced restraint of the rest period. The
inactivity palls upon taut nerves, straining
muscles, concentrated thought. Maudlin
expressions of supreme confidence are
upon every lip; assurance, the more osten-
tatious because of its lack of depth, is bel-
lowed across unthinking lips, unreasoning
minds. And the hours drag with the weight
of centuries.
  Socker Dooley had been through all this
many times of yore. It was “ old stuff ” to
him. So he trod the confines of the training
camp with the brooding silence that most
befitted the condition. No, Socker was not
going to figure as one of the principals in
the coming fray. The impending matter
was one which interested him only from
the standpoint of how well he had trained
the boy who was going to do the fighting.
Socker, to all intents and purposes, had long
since passed the fighting days. His present
unfortunate state was that of capitalizing
those things which he knew, rather than
those he could do. That is one of the weak-
nesses of the fight game. Just about the
time a man learns enough about it to be
good he is too old to do his stuff.
  It is during the last two days before the
fight that everything annoys. No matter
what it is that happens, it is irritating to
the fighter. Knowing the value of entering
a ring in a contented frame of mind, Socker
intended to see to it that the kid was not
440
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
bothered by interviewers. The newspaper
fellows weren’t so bad. They knew the
trick, and never asked a lot of fool ques-
tions. But there were others.
  For instance, that reformer who came in
behalf of the League for the Suppression of
Brutality. That bird had left the kid so
mad that it took the entire camp to get him
smiling after the talk. There would be no
more of that—not if Socker had his way.
  So he kept a watchful eye peeled for in-
truders. Two days before the battle his
efforts were rewarded by the appearance of
a dignified old lady who came in behalf of a
woman’s club. Try as he would, Socker
could not forestall an interview. The papers
had aroused a vast interest in the fight, and
the public was interested in anything that
appeared in print. To refuse to talk would
have brought a storm of protest—or so
said the promoters of the fight—so Socker
agreed that he would talk with the lady.
Frankly, he wholesomely admitted total ig-
norance of the why and wherefore; but
there was nothing else to be done. The
kid couldn’t possibly see that woman. It
meant too much; nobody seemed to under-
stand that.
  “ It’s dis way, ma’am,” said Socker when
the kindly soul had been introduced to him
and leaned back to gaze upon his battered
physiognomy through her lorgnette. “ De
kid is ‘ on edge ’ an’ needs ter git sleep. I
just got ’im tucked erway an’ can’t shake
’im loose. Whatever yer wants ter know,
why, just ask me—I’m Socker Dooley.”
The manner in which he announced his
identity seemed to impress her far more
than the announcement itself.
  “ I wanted to interview the principal.
We are interested in his psychologies; his
mental processes; his general background.”
“ He ain’t got none uh them!” Socker
assured her. “ I spent de last free weeks
tryin’ ter teach ’im the whole works. We
gotta wait till de mill ter see whether dere’s
anyt’ing above de shoulders except jaw.
Are yuh goin’ tuh de fight?”
  The lorgnette trembled perceptibly and
the pampered face behind the glasses crim-
soned slightly.
  “ I have no intention of seeing the de-
grading affair, sir.”
  “ Den wot’s de use uh gabbin’ about it?”
asked Socker rather practically. “ An’ yuh
needn’t ‘ sir ’ me. I ain’t stuck up on ac-
count uh bein’ good in me day, lady!”
  “ I fear that this interview will not an-
swer my purpose,” snapped his caller.
  “ Wot’s yer purpose? I’ll answer any-
t’ing yuh ask me.”
  Apparently this logic was a little too
strong for her. She shifted her position and
cast a withering glance upon Dooley. It
was plain to be seen that her continuance of
the interview was actuated solely by a sense
of duty.
  “ I wanted to secure information first
hand, that I could report to my associates.
We are opposed to prize fighting, and ex-
pect to find any justification for it which
may exist, by keeping an open mind and
lowering ourselves to personal investigation
rather than decide a matter without all the
facts before us.”
  “ Oh!”
  “ If there is anything chivalrous, any-
thing uplifting, anything that makes better
men and women of us, in this fighting, the
place to learn of it is among you who make
a business of it. Am I not right?”
  “ I’ll say you are, old kid!” Socker was
beginning to understand. The lady wantejl
to learn the game. “ An’ you just take it
from one as knows—they’s a hell of a lot ter
learn about it! ”
  The kindly interviewer was beginning to
sense conditions which had not been fore-
seen. She actually felt qualms as to her
personal safety. Then Socker grinned con-
genially and it was evident that under the
veneer which proclaimed lack of culture
far more than lack of manhood there was
a dormant sense of chivalry which would
have offered its full measure of protection
to a lady in distress rather than see a hair
of her head harmed.
  She took what she considered a tactful
course.
  “ This promises to be a most interesting
chat, Mr. Dooley.”
  “ Socker’s good enuf,” he assured her
magnanimously.
  “ Very well, Socker. I take it you have
engaged in fistic combat yourself?”
  “ Well, I wasn’t born wit dese ears, lady,
SOCKER DOOLEY: DEMON.
441
an’ I ain’t never been in no railroad
wrecks!”
  “To be sure! Did you—like the busi-
ness of fighting?”
  “ Kin a duck swim?”
  “ To be sure! You fought for the love
of fighting?” And the lady made a few
notes in a black book she carried.
  “ Fer de love of ut!” gasped Socker.
“ Sweet patootie! Yuh never stopped a belt
on de lug, did yuh? Did yer old man ever
take a swipe at yer mug when he had a
few shots aboard? Love of ut! Goodnight!
Dere ain’t no fun in wipin’ no gloves outa
yer lamp, lady. Dat’s de way wit’ women.
Dey ain’t got no understandin’ of a man’s
business.”
  With the fortitude of a martyr the good
lady overlooked these remarks. Every pio-
neer in any field must expect hardships;
these were the penalties of being a pro-
tector of public welfare. She must coun-
tenance them with patience and courage.
While regaining her composure she made a
few more notes.
  “ To be sure,” she giggled finally. “ You
are a fighter who commercialized the-art—
that is—the ability.”
  “ I never done nuttin’ wit’ it but grab de
coin.”
  “ Indeed—yes! And let me ask you:
was there considerable animosity on your
part against the man you fought with?”
Socker thought that over a bit. The puz-
zled expression upon his face enlightened
her as to the lack of response.
  “ I mean—did you hate the man who op-
posed you?”
  “ Hate a guy dat brought me a nice
purse?” Socker was amazed at the thought.
“ Why should I hate him?”
  “ How could you fight with a man whom
you had no reason to dislike?”
  Socker was hopelessly involved. There
seemed no head or tail to the thing; no
manner in which the thoughts of this be-
wildering lady could be answered. Well—
there just wasn’t any sense to it, if you get
me. Finally in desperation he said:
  “ I don’t git yuh, ma’am. If it’s about
de fight game yuh wanna know, dere ain’t
nuttin’ to ut but who is de first guy ter
knock de udder’s eye loose. Dat’s all dere
is to ut. In me day I used ter climb troo
de ropes figgerin’ ter drop de udder bird’s
hat rest in de last aisle tuh de right as soon
as I got a crack at ut—dat’s all dere is to
ut!”
  “ You mean his head?"
  “ Well—mebbe only his chin; dat’s
enuf,” grinned Socker.
  The lady rose in horror. The interview
was at an end. She had learned enough.
She trembled once more for her own safety.
Here was irrefutable evidence of the mur-
derous intent of pugilists.
  “ You said your name was Socker Doo-
ley, I believe?”
  “ I sed ut right, sister. Dat’s de case!”
Socker rejoined.
   Once more the pencil flew across the note-
book. Then, with a chill smile, the inter-
viewer swept toward the open door and the
waiting car. Her sigh of relief was no more
audible or expressive than that of Socker.
  But the next morning a wild promoter
appeared at the camp. The baleful glare
in his eye warned Socker of impending dis-
aster. The man did his best to release from
his straining system the thoughts that
brewed there. It was no use. They would
not lend themselves to expression. In a
frenzy he finally stuffed the morning paper
into Socker’s hand and pounded a trembling
finger upon an article which he profanely
commended to Socker’s immediate atten-
tion.
  Well, there it was:
FISTIC BATTLE SHOULD BE STOPPED
BY POLICE
Prominent Society Folk to Appeal to
Governor to Take Immediate Steps to
Prevent Coming Ring Encounter
  Laboriously Socker struggled through the
two column article. Not alone was his every
statement included, but many that he could
not have thought of, much less made. The
good lady interviewer was none other than
the famous Mrs. Fink, member of the Four
Hundred. What she hadn’t said about the
brutality of boxing and the fixed intention
of boxers upon entering the ring was what
Socker had failed to mention, and what she
442
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
and the reporter who had written the arti-
cle couldn’t think of. It wasn’t a whole
lot.
  And then there was what the promoter
had to say. Most of those bimbos can talk
against time, and when any one casts a
shadow over their income there just isn’t
anything more to be said. The first chance
Socker got he sneaked out into the barn and
hid. One of the perquisites of fighting is
judgment, and Socker showed his.
  The pull of the promoter plus feverish
effort and many agreements on the matter
of reciprocity finally squared things as well
as could be expected. The fight wasn’t to
be stopped.
  Then came one of those incomprehensible
twists of the public mind which has marked
American history since its beginning and
made luminous its pages with deeds of
might and valor, performed under stress of
sudden impulse.
  One writer commended Socker for the
spirit of combat that was his. He pointed
out that this was the spirit of conquest;
that it was the factor of competition which
assured genuine skill, determined effort.
The idea took hold. Socker’s name ap-
peared in the role of a great fighter who
knew little of expressing his thoughts. The
very crudity of his exaggeration which had
so frightened the lady marked him as one
of the few men who had made fighting the
clean game it should be.
  Just let a fan rest assured that the man
he pays to see means to fight to the limit of
his powers, and he asks no more. For the
first time in many months the name of
Socker Dooley crept into the headlines.
  And then came into the life of Socker
one whose influence was to mean much. He
appeared at the camp the morning following
the turn in newspaper sentiment. Over
his arm he swung a jaunty cane. His frail
body was swathed in a perfectly fitting suit.
His genial smile illumined his features with
as dapper a light as is within human pro-
pensity.
  He got to Socker on the strength of that
smile.
  “ Socker, old kid, you’re there! Fortune
has seized you in her whimsical grasp and
is about to waft you to the crest of fickle
adoration. All that you need is the finished
touch of a genuine leader—and I’ve both
the touch and the leader! If you have one-
half the judgment that I can see lurking in
the lustrous depths of your shantied lamps,
you will seize my hand with the warmth of
gratitude. See—I hold forth said hand un-
qualifiedly. Fate has seen to it that we are
to share opportunity.”
  Mechanically, Socker took the extended
hand. Things were breaking a trifle fast
for him; a little beyond his powers to grasp;
but there was something about this chap
which fascinated. One found it difficult to
argue with him because one had no oppor-
tunity to talk. He did all that.
  “ Ah, yes! We are brothers of fortune.
You of small intelligence, and I of great.
You of great brawn, 1 of none. Wonderful,
don’t you think? They say it is always
darkest just before the dawn. I’ll wager
that you have been blue for the last few
days. Am I right? I am!”
  And he was. Socker recalled the day
he had spent in the barn after that pro-
moter had called. Indeed he had been
blue!
  “ And so it goes! At the very darkest
hour—I appear! Even now you cannot see
in that the great good fortune which it real-
ly is. In a very few words—we are the ideal
combination. You, a body in search of the
mental spark which lights the way to fame
and fortune. I, the spark in search of a
body to follow the path I illuminate. Shake
again, Socker. God is good!”
  Socker shook.
  Then he followed the other into the quiet
of the gymnasium and there listened, spell-
bound, to the words of wisdom which
poured from the glib lips of his new friend.
Terminating the conversation, the newcom-
er drew forth an envelope from his inside
coat pocket. Hanging the flourishing cane
over his forearm, he leaned over a wall
pulley and wrote upon the envelope:
    This is an agreement that Lewis Latts is
   the manager of Socker Dooley until written
   notice to the contrary is mutually signed. As
   such, said Lewis Latts is to arrange bouts
   for Socker Dooley on a profitable basis and
   is to receive from Socker Dooley one-third
   of the proceeds of these bouts. Lewis Latts
   agrees to pay all expenses of training.
SOCKER DOOLEY: DEMON.
440
  Both men signed the document. Imme-
diately Latts set forth in search of the pro-
moter. He had a very definite idea in mind.
In his pocket he carried the strongest article
that had appeared anent the desire of Sock-
er to annihilate all opponents. It was the
insurance for the fan who paid to see a fight
and was too often stung by too careful fight-
ers, that he would get the worth of his
money.
  “ I have always admired the wisdom of
your matchmaking,” Latts assured the pro-
moter. “ There are certain features about
fighting which reflect credit or discredit
upon the matchmaker more than upon the
fighters themselves. Those qualities you
possess. It is for that reason that I am
here.”
  In his own inimitable manner he pointed
out to the promoter how distinct a draw-
ing card Socker Dooley had suddenly be-
come. He was in the public eye. He had
publicly gone on record as one who thought
only of the demolition of an adversary. A
fighter worthy the name! One who fought
with the primitive fury of his antediluvian
ancestors. A caveman—a demon!
  And so it was that an extra bout was
added. What Socker might lack in phy-
sique was made up in heart. What he
might have lost by reason of his long record
was more than compensated for by the fact
of his sudden appearance in the public eye.
It was truly one of those incomprehensible
twists; and one which bade well for the
Socker Dooley coffers, to say nothing of
those into which went the worldly wealth
of Lewis Latts, Manager Extraordinary.
II.
  Provide three thousand men with ques-
tionable tobacco; crowd them into a poorly
ventilated building, give them plenty of
matches and then feed them excitement!
The experiment will reproduce the average
“ club ” on fight night.
  Add to this the catcalls of a hundred
pseudo wits; the scraping of six thousand
feet and the perspiring presence of half a
hundred ushers who act as though they
never before have been inside the place;
and you have the background.
  There are other nondescript attributes
which classify the affair in a category all
its own. For instance, Levy Litsky is en-
gaging in his first bout. In the fifty cent
gallery are Levy’s vociferous admirers.
Every time Levy disturbs the resin with any
portion of his anatomy other than his feet,
there is loud recriminations from said ad-
mirers. Across the balcony are the admir-
ers of Pat Gilhooley, possibly of Irish ex-
traction. The fight takes place as much
outside as inside the ring. The pande-
monium is the only thing of certitude about
the affair. Be the victor Levy or Pat, cer-
tain amount of hell is assured from the gal-
lery gods.
  Into that atmosphere strode the rejuve-
nated Socker Dooley. Many there were
about the ring who looked not so far back
to the days when the appearance of that
grinning face was significant of action.
These shook knowing heads a little sadly.
There is something disheartening in the
prostitution of faded glory.
  Across the ring reposed the somewhat
frightened form of Abie Epps. Abie was
the possessor of the head which Socker
was to attempt to deposit in the extreme
right aisle, if one can believe the papers.
To all intents and purposes Abie’s affection
for that same head was increasing momen-
tarily.
  He was surrounded by a corps of chat-
tering, water slopping “ seconds ” who war-
bled diversified advice of a technical nature
into a head that knew not the cause of
the simplest of things. The head bobbed
occasionally, but whether from understand-
ing or the frenzied rubbing that tortured the
back of the neck which supported it, will
never be known.
  Socker was happy. There was that in
the very air which carried him on the wings
of memory into the faded past. The roseate
recollections of supremacy obtruded beyond
the misgivings of judgment. Many a man
has been sustained by finding himself the
cynosure of admiring eyes. Back of the
battered eyes of Socker Dooley was the best
fighting brain in some thirty odd States.
The body that caged it might be lacking in
all ways, but the brain would always func-
tion in that atmosphere.
444
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
  “ Demon Dooley,” some one yelled, and
the cry was taken up from all quarters.
The fans want action. Dooley had been
portrayed as the inventor thereof. One
look at the bilious color on the face of
Abie Epps, and Socker mustered his most
violent expression. There is a lot in an ex-
pression when one is facing a newcomer.
If Abie, or any of his friends, could read,
Socker knew that the demon idea was well
seated in that young man’s mind.
  The clang of the bell galvanized the aged
body of Socker Dooley. If you’ve never
been there you cannot appreciate what the
combined odor of resin and perspiration
mean to the scrapper. As the Nimrod
breathes deep of the pine aroma of his
chosen playground, so did Socker Dooley
chortle his knowledge of a return to the field
of endeavor which was his by right of con-
secration thereto.
  He was across the ring like a bolt from
the heavens. That expression was at the
height of its terror bestowing powers. Some-
how things looked different than ever before
to Abie Epps. He whipped his hands into
fighting position; quivered in anticipation
of some unknown thing commensurate with
the awfulness of those gleaming eyes—then
grinned sheepishly and did a ridiculous little
dance; purportedly one of confidence.
  Then Socker mailed the famous old
“sock,” Special Delivery! The elbow of
his right arm crooked, the wrist arched
inwardly and the shoulder and hip on the
right side of his body swung into proces-
sion behind the flying fist. Doubtless Abie
saw it coming. In any event it was a
thing that was bound to assert itself sooner
or later! With a thud that caused a pro-
longed “O-o-o-h!” from the assembled
fans, the big glove slammed against the
most prominent portion of Abie’s pale
face.
  The body of Epps swung dizzily as
though on a pivot, then sank floorward.
The whites of the eyes showed a combina-
tion of terror and disinterest. Abie’s knees
landed in the resin and the agonized cries
of the gallery gods who swore particular
allegiance to the neighborhood whence he
came, wafted him back into the land of
material things.
  Some one had told Abie to “ take a
count.” The words rang in his ears at the
moment. Some one was saying “ five—
six ”; that would be the referee. Again
there popped into the dizzy mind of Abie
further good advice that rang from the
hazy past. “ Clinch.” That was what he
would do. So he leaped to his feet and
grabbed the first thing he saw. It hap-
pened to be the referee, but this was of
no significance to Abie. He hung on.
Were those cheers which rang thunderous-
ly in his ears?
  The third man in the ring cursed, raved
and struggled to free himself. Seconds
shrieked words that meant nothing. Socker
galloped around the struggling men intent
upon one more opening for that right.
Finally it came. Again came the coordina-
tion back of the lightning swing. And then
it happened. Through a mind that failed
to function clearly, Abie got an idea. It
had to do with taking another count. So
he swung sharply away from the man he
had been holding and dropped to one knee.
  Like a good many other ideas, it was all
right except that it didn’t work out ex-
actly as planned. The flying glove of
Socker shot over the wavering head of
Abie and chugged neatly under the chin of
the referee. A blissful smile of content
overspread the judicial features of that gen-
tleman. With the grace of a dying swan
he piled himself inanimately beside the
kneeling Abie. The gallery gods set up an
incessant chant which was a fitting melody
to the tragedies being enacted.
  But the mind of Abie was beginning to
clear. At his feet lay a vanquished foe.
Just how it all occurred Abie didn’t know.
Things happen with amazing rapidity in the
ring and the true fighter is he who takes
opportunity as she presents her glowing
self.
  The thought of victory still further
cleared his mind. Then he saw Socker
Dooley standing, nonplused and frightened,
in the center of the ring. If he read aright
the Socker’s mind he saw that the old-timer
was facing something new in his variegated
career. At a moment like this unusual judg-
ment was required and Socker didn’t have
it. But there was one here who boasted it.
SOCKER DOOLEY: DEMON.
445
Lewis Latts! Accordingly Socker Dooley
turned toward his corner to get the proper
advice.
  All that he saw was a wild look of agony
upon the managerial countenance. Too late
he realized its import.
  Whirling toward the center of the ring
he placed his genial mug directly in the
path of the trusty right of Abie Epps. And
that was that!
  Abie regarded the fallen Socker momen-
tarily. Then the roaring advice from the
maddened crowd percolated his dull wit.
The time had come when some one must
count and the only man to do it was still
roaming the Elysian fields of “ poppy
grove.”
  Abie rushed to the prone referee and
grasped him under the arms.
  “ Vake up! Fer Gawd’s sake, vake
up! Cow-int—cow-int!” he bellowed ex-
citedly. “ He iss k-nocked ouit. Pleese
cow-int!”
  The difference between the pugilist and
the layman was never more clearly demon-
strated than then. Despite the entreaties
of Abie Epps, the referee slept peacefully
on, whereas the good Socker Dooley gath-
ered his shattered faculties in a matter of
eight seconds. He rose totteringly to his
feet and paused long enough to survey the
situation. Then with the stately tread of
one on a mission he veered forth to do bat-
tle in convincing manner.
  Abie chanced to see the form of Socker
approaching. Again came that horror of
combat with Demon Dooley. He refused
to rise. Again Socker circled his prey. All
in the ring were deaf to the pandemonium
outside it.
  Then the referee came to. It wasn't a
sudden process. He did nothing more than
open his eyes slowly, but Abie saw it. What
if the referee blamed him? He was safer
on his feet before Dooley than on his knees
beside this abused personage!
  So he rose. Socker leaped for him. What
trick of fate caused the second stage of re-
turning consciousness to actuate the referee
in his first attempt to rise at that identical
moment? Ah, well—who will ever know?
  Suffice it to say that he made the attempt
and became entangled in the flying feet of
Socker Dooley. The result was to shoot
Socker like a catapult through the air. The
head of Abie Epps and that of Socker met.
Immediately their bodies enfolded in a lov-
ing embrace as together they slid into the
folds of oblivion.
  The referee shook himself as though to
get free of the tangle. He rose gingerly to
his feet. In his eyes beamed a far-away
look that bespoke lack of mental clarity.
He poised himself a moment, tipped for-
ward from the hips to view the tangle at his
feet, then jerked upright in all his official
dignity. Like a drunken sailor he teetered
to the ropes and raised his hand for atten-
tion. Into the teeth of the roar that he
heard not, nor understood, he pronounced
his decision:
  “ ’S a draw!” he babbled. “ The damn
fight’s a draw!”
  Then he swayed increasingly to right and
left, felt his clutch on the sustaining rope
slipping and, finally, in returned abandon,
slipped dizzily to the floor.
  We left an hour later and they were still
cheering.
III.
  Outside the arena Socker sought to push
his way through the crowd. In his pocket
he carried some six hundred American dol-
lars. Prosperity had returned! On his arm
hung the talking Lewis Latts.
  The discourse was interrupted by the
sudden appearance of a white haired lady
who peeked through a lorgnette.
  “ Ah, Mr. Dooley! And did you accom-
plish your nefarious purpose?" she in-
quired.
  “ Are you back again?” growled Socker
Dooley.
  “ But wait!” insisted Lewis Latts, he of
the money thoughts. “ You may say for
Socker Dooley that his one regret is the
unfortunate premature ending to the bout.
He had scarcely begun to fight. Given
more time he would have dismembered this
Epps person with one annihilating crusher.
As it was he landed but one blow and that
almost killed three men! We are saving
his glove with the idea of selling the gold
from the teeth that are still imbedded in
the leather!”
By MAX BRAND
Author of “Dan Barry’s Daughter“ The Night Horsemanetc.
CHAPTER XXVIII.
ON THE STAIRS.
THE shrill of that voice rang on. But
Oiivetta heard no more what she
screamed. Instead, she was listen-
ing to a turbulent outbursting of noises
from the lower part of the house. Doors
were crashing open, deep, hard voices were
calling to one another, and over all she
could make out the bull-like roar of huge
Tom Lanier directing his men to the at-
tack. Then began the swift thunder of
many heavy feet rushing up the stairs be-
low them.
  When that tumult began, John Hodge
had stretched out an arm of iron and barred
her advance. Now he caught her arm, and
in his excitement his grip sank deeply into
her flesh. Yet she felt the pain almost as
a thing detached from her, an experience
not of her body.
  “ Keep your courage, now,” he said.
“ It means fighting. Have you the gun?”
“ No—I—oh, I left it below—”
  “ Good God! Well—then there’s only
my hands. But there’s still a ghost of a
hope—in the darkness to help me—”
  The roar of feet, and the crashing sound
of voices pouring up at them, drowned his
words.
  He turned, leaned, wrenched at a balus-
ter. It was torn from its place. And he
shook it before him in a silent joy to show
that he was armed, no matter how feebly.
  In the darkness the old demoniac look
was in his face, the look which had so fas-
cinated her and so repelled her.
  And then the mass of men swerved up
the stairs at them.
This story began in the Argosy-Allstory Weekly for November 3.
446
THE STRANGER AT THE GATE.
447
  One came first. As a sprinter darts out
before a field in the last leap for the tape,
so this man suddenly shot out before the
others. He whirled around the turn and
came at them far in front. And then Oli-
vetta knew that if she had had the gun
with her she would have been able to shoot
and kill without a tremor save of thank-
fulness.
  “ No shooting!” panted a huge voice in
the rear, the voice of great Tom Lanier.
“ Knives, boys! Slide a knife into the
damned long-legged rat—but no guns.
They make too much noise! We don’t
want the whole town to hear us working!”
  That great voice beat into her ears. And
she saw the flash of steel like a disembodied
pale flame in the shadows as the leader
leaped at John Hodge.
  The baluster, wielded like a short club,
rose and fell. The knife fell with a clatter.
The assailant flattened against the stairs.
But behind him came three more, swinging
about the turn. So fierce was their gasp-
ing eagerness as they came to the kill that
they jammed in a sudden tangle between
the wall and the creaking, sagging balus-
trade.
  John Hodge stooped and lifted the body
of his stricken man shoulder high. With
a shout he cast the body into the faces of
the three. He cast the body, and he hurled
his own weight behind it. And all the mass
went down into a groaning heap, smashed
against the outer wall at the turning place.
One form disentangled itself from the
shapeless masses, lifted itself into the clear.
  It was the gaunt, wide-shouldered form
of John Hodge. He faced another man
laboring up the stairs in the rear of the
rest, and in that last form she recognized
the squat and solid bulk of Tom Lanier.
Yet not an instant did John Hodge hesitate.
He sprang at the head of the giant, and
the two crashed down the stairs.
 Olivetta sped in after them. She
scooped from the stairs, where it had fallen
from the hand of John Hodge, the baluster
with which he had stricken down the first
man. And that small club might lend suf-
ficient weight to a blow from her arm to
aid Hodge in a crisis.
  She whirled around the corner of the
stairs. One of the stunned, breathless men
reared to a sitting posture and gripped at
her with an oath. She struck the hand
away with a blow of the baluster. She felt
the wood bite through to the bone. She
heard a howl of rage and pain as the arm
was beaten down. Another hand caught
her skirt. But she tore it away, and speed-
ing on down the stairs, she saw the two
tumble across the floor of the hall below.
  They disentangled and rose to their feet.
In this hall, as in all the others, there was
only one light burning at the farther end,
a closely hooded, dust-dimmed light, and
in this hall it was further darkened by the
fact that it was nearly burned out. And
what Olivetta saw was merely two shadows
among shadows.
  Half stunned by their fall, they had
staggered apart. But plainly the big man,
Tom Lanier, was the more injured of the
two. His own weight had helped to batter
him in the struggle down the stairs. And
now, as he reeled helplessly away, John
Hodge turned toward Olivetta, and with
a clear way before him, made for the head
of the stairs.
  She was beside him as she leaped down
the last few steps. And then a shadow
flew by her, struck John Hodge, and
knocked him headlong to the floor. It was
the guard he had struck down in the second
hall above, and he had recovered in time to
block their escape effectually. He had
thrown himself bodily from the landing
above, and the force of the fall, while it
stunned John Hodge, tumbled the assailant
half senseless beside his victim.
  And yonder was huge Tom Lanier, curs-
ing and mumbling to himself, still too
stunned to know what was actually going
on around him, just as a prize fighter will
sometimes stagger through half a dozen
rounds, striking, warding mechanically, but
all his movements directed by a subcon-
scious brain. So Tom reeled up and down
the hall, groping, blinded. His forehead
had been gashed in the fall. The blood he
could not wipe away as fast as it trickled
into his eyes; a terrible spectacle, in that
half light, to Olivetta.
  Past him she sped and dropped to her
knees beside John Hodge. His head was
448
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
limp to her touch. She shook him. His
body was inert. There -was no mark on his
lace. But he was stunned completely.
Was he, perhaps, killed?
  She glanced to the side. There yawned
the stairs. And one flight down them was
the street level and safety for her. But
she could not leave him helpless in this
fashion. It would be certain death to John
Hodge; and even though her staying could
do no good, still her heart was sickened at
the thought of leaving him.
  Over him she crouched, sobbing his
name, shaking him in a frenzy of eager-
ness. For on the stairs where he had
knocked down the four men a second or
two before, they were rousing. She heard
their groans, their fierce curses. One of
them came wavering down the stairs. He
who had stunned Hodge was now picking
himself off the floor. And John Hodge
himself was only beginning to gasp for
breath. Tom Lanier came toward them
at a run. His brute brain was cleared of
the fog of battle at last.
  “Jack!” he cried. “What in hell are
you doing here over him? What—by God,
it ain't Jack!”
  A stream of profanity was turned upon
her, and she was bidden stand back. But
Olivetta, gripping the little, heavy billet of
w'ood hard, and hiding it in the fold of her
skirt, stood w’ith her shoulders pressed back
against the wall.
  “Oh, for God’s name!” she pleaded to
him, holding out her other hand, “ don’t
touch him—let him go—he’ll do no more
harm—”
  “ No more? He’s done enough.”
  He stepped closer.
  “Stand off from him; get — what,
you—”
  The last was a snarl of rage as she reso-
lutely stood her ground. He raised his arm
for a back-handed stroke which would have
knocked her senseless to the floor. And
then Olivetta struck straight for his fore-
head.
  At the last instant he saw the danger
and tossed up his striking hand to guard
against it, but the guard was raised too late.
The weapon struck home. There was a
shiver of the wood in her gripping fingers.
And Tom Lanier dropped heavily to his
knee.
  Help was coming to him now, however.
Across the hall at the foot of the stairs he
who had just descended had discovered
them at last, and, with a hoarse shout, start-
ed to the rescue. And poor John Hodge
was only now coming reeling, blinded to
his feet.
  She cried his name. He turned toward
her a face contorted with the effort to un-
derstand. With all his might he was strug-
gling to clear his brain, and to control his
numbed limbs. But here was an enemy al-
ready upon them. And yonder down the
stairs lurched others.
  Even if she now wished, however, she
could escape. They w'ould stay to close
on this one man who had battered them
all so terribly. And w-hile they were dis-
posing of him, she could flee unhindered.
But there was no thought of flight in the
mind of Olivetta.
  She sprang in before John Hodge and
struck into the face of the oncoming man.
The blow made him throw up his head and
reel there with his arms cast out. She
struck again with all her might, and a sav-
age thrill of satisfaction ran through her
as the stick tingled against her palm with
the-force of the blow. She had struck him
squarely along the side of the head, and he
lurched senseless to the floor.
  Tom Lanier, his face a bleeding mass,
rushed on them, and she whirled on him
only to find that John Hodge had rim be-
fore her. She saw the blows speed into the
face of Lanier — saw him stagger away.
Then she whirled toward the stairs again
with John Hodge striding at her side.
  There were three men coming from the
stairs. But, as though the fighting had
made him drunk with battle, John Hodge
ran straight for them with a shout of exul-
tation. She herself raced behind him, feel-
ing that they were lost now, indeed, but
though the odds were so greatly in their
favor, the three who blocked the path had
had enough of fighting. They winced from
the encounter. One man went down under
the driving fist of Hodge. The others
stepped away. Between them they rushed
to the top of the stairs and then down.
                         8	A
THE STRANGER AT THE GATE.
449
  As they turned the landing place, she
looked back. The red face of Tom Lanier
was looming above them, and behind him
came all of his legion. But now she was
down in the lowest hall. She reached the
front door. The knob gave under her hand,
and they plunged into the blessed cool, the
divine silence of the outer night.
CHAPTER XXIX.
JOHN HODGE SPEAKS.
THERE was one great advantage. The
door opened flush with the street, and
there was no flight of steps to de-
scend. They turned to the side, and there
John Hodge dragged her back into a narrow
passage between two houses.
  They had barely turned the corner of
the house when Tom Lanier and his men
went by. running blindly ahead in their
furious rage.
  Then they heard Lanier calling to his
men—calling in a half muffled voice to bid
them scatter and search around all the
houses. For every house was vacant, and
in one of the passages they surely must be.
  A cellar door was to their left. Against
it John Hodge set his shoulder. And the
door gave way with a faint' scraping. They
stepped into a dark and musty smelling in-
terior.
  “ But they’ll follow us here—” breathed
Olivetta.
  “ They’ll never think of looking for us
here—they’ll at least comb all the passages
around the houses before they start to go
through the houses themselves,” said John
Hodge.
  They stood quietly for a while. A foot-
fall went down the cement walk outside,
and as it passed, she pressed closer to
Hodge. He found her hand and patted it.
  “ We’ll start up, now,” he murmured.
“ They’ve gone farther down the line of
houses. But step softly!”
  He produced a small electric torch, and,
with the aid of an occasional flash from it,
they were able to find their way among the
cellar rooms until they reached a stairs
which brought them to the first floor of the
house. There, in a corner of a great blank,
   9	A
dusty room, they sat down on the floor to
rest and wait.
  Still through the wall of the house and
the closed windows they could hear an
occasional sound of the pursuit, a voice
calling lightly, or footfalls in a clattering
chorus. But these at length were quiet.
And another set of noises began, small, in-
timate sounds which had not been notice-
able before, but which now grew into series
of small murmurs and squeaks like the
treading of men up a hall, or a great, soft-
breathing sound, as when a door opens and
a draft rushes through.
  To Olivetta it began to seem that Tom
Lanier and all his corps of assistants were
stealing up on them. She could hear the
scraping of the cellar door as it opened.
And after that she could hear every ap-
proaching sound as they stumbled across
the concrete cellar floor and then climbed
the noisy stairs to the first floor, and crossed
the kitchen, and entered the hall, and then
paused with a hand on the knob of the door
of the room where she and John Hodge were
then waiting.
  But John Hodge was speaking, no longer
in a whisper, but in a low voice, which was
a proof that there was no foundation for
her fears. She could have blessed him for
the solid strength of his nerves and the sup-
port they gave her.
    We’ll wait here till the dawn begins,”
he said. “ Because that’s the time that
paralyzes Tom Lanier and his ilk. They
hate to have the eye of the day looking at
them, you see. It seems to read them
through and through. And yet that’s the
time that the rest of the city will be most*
thoroughly asleep. We can wait until then,
and then go out safely—safely for you, at
least.”
  “ And you?” she asked.
  “ I,” said John Hodge, “ have no right
to be considered. I have to take my
chances with the rest.”
  She shook her head.
  “ That,” she said, “ is not true.”
  “ Why?” he asked curiously.
  “ Because I have discovered the truth
about you, after all, John Hodge.”
  So mortally thick was the blackness in
the room that she could only vaguely make
450
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
 out the broadening of his outline as he
 turned toward her.
 “ Then—what’s the truth, madame?”
 It seemed to her that there was a change
 in his tone, a peculiar touch of anxiety in it.
 “ I have discovered,” she said, “ that you
 are an honest man.”
 “ What?” he gasped. “ At the end of a
 trail on which you’ve found me with stolen
 jewels? Do you mean it? Stolen jewels,
 thieves and knaves for companions—”
 “Don’t say all that!” she cried, and
 pressed her hands across her ears.
 “ But how do you explain?”
 “ I don’t explain,” said Olivetta. “ I
 used to try to explain everything. Now—
 I can’t even explain myself. I—I—I find
 myself sitting here and looking back on all
 the terrible things which have happened as
 though they were simply a part of a great—
 great game of some kind—don’t you see?”
 “ God bless you,” said John Hodge.
 “ And yet,” she said, “ if you would ex-
 plain—just a little—”
 “ You couldn’t believe.”
 “ You don’t know,” said Olivetta. “ I’m
 a great believer. I—I’ve even liked fairy
 stories quite lately.”
 “ You want me to tell you?”
 “ Yes, yes! Everything about yourself.
 Because, you see, I’ve guessed the main
 thing—that you’re an honest man.”
 “ Where is your proof?”
 “ Because no dishonest man could have
 done all the things you’ve done. You’ve
 been brave, you’ve been generous, you’ve
 thought more for me than for yourself all
 the evening. And yet I came here to trap
 you. Oh, it sickens me to think of how I
 came after you, John Hodge.”
 He made a gesture of disclaim.
 “ Very well,” he said at length, “ I’ll try
 to tell you so that you can believe.”
 “ And begin with your real name.”
 “ My real name?”
 “ Because John Hodge—doesn’t fit you.”
 He laughed softly.
 “ My real name is a stopper for you. I
 am really Francis Fitzroy Blackwater
 Campbell.”
 “ Scotch!” cried the girl happily.
 “ Dour Scotch,” he admitted. “ but chief-
 ly American, at that.”
  “ Francis Fitzroy Blackwater Campbell,”
she echoed. “ Why on earth did you ever
pick out such a name as John Hodge?”
   “ Because, take it by and large, it’s about
the best contrast one could think of for my
real name.”
  “ It is, of course.” She added: “ Unless
it were shortened to Frank Campbell.”
  “ They never would shorten it to that,”
sighed he. “ They raised me in the midst
of a flock of tutors and governors, and what
not. You understand? When I stopped
being Master Francis I became Mr. Camp-
bell because my father died while I was
young. A stout-hearted old aunt took
charge of me and managed to mix up my
affairs so terribly that when I came to the
end of my college career I found that my
total assets were an invitation to hunt big
game in India—that and a large assortment
of clothes and rifles and a scattering of
books. Otherwise I didn’t have a cent in
the world. My total income-bringing prop-
erty was lost.
  “ That’s rather a facer for a youngster.
But I managed to survive. I was too
keen for the hunting trip to care much
about any thing else. I was living in the
midst of visions of charging elephants and
dying tigers.
  He laughed again in reminiscence.
  “ Then there was no truth in it when you
said you couldn’t use a revolver?”
  “ I’m afraid not. But in the pinch we
were in then, it was better that you should
have a gun with you—right up to the very
end—”
  “ I understand,” she said hurriedly.
  “ Well,” he went on, “ at any rate, I
boarded the boat with the rest of our party.
We hit Havre. Then we shot across con-
tinent and grabbed another boat on the far
side of Suez and wound up in the jungle in
due time.” He sighed. “ To cut that part
short—”
   “ But I don’t want it cut short,” protest-
ed Olivetta. “ I want to hear every single
detail.”
  “ That would make it too long, really.
The fact is, we had a fine party. The rest
of ’em liked it well enough. But I was fair-
ly stung. I had my luck with me. I
slaughtered beasts right and left as I never
THE STRANGER AT THE GATE.
451
have since. As a matter of fact, my luck
was so very good that it attracted a little
attention. And people began to pick me up.
  “ You know how it is with young fel-
lows. They don’t have to pay much of the
way. They’re supported by the people they
help to have a good time. And that’s the
way it was with me. I had my togs and my
guns which I’d laid in long before the finan-
cial crash was announced to me. And I was
taken in hand by the very best.
  “ Wherever people were making up a
party to hunt the big game, some one had
a word to say in my behalf. It was said
that I brought good luck. And in fact I
seemed to, for not a single expedition that
I went on turned out a frost. We always
located the stuff and got it.
  “ You may feel that T’m playing a loud
horn in my own behalf. But I’ve hunted
for a good many years since that time and
I’ve never again run into such luck.
  “ Of course the success of it all went to
my head. I suppose I was an unbearable
young beast for a time. Every one was
turning to me, every one was paying me
royal attention. Because when men go out
to hunt, the best hunter is the king and dic-
tates. All that matters is that a man can
hold a gun straight when there is a living
target in sight. A billionaire is only a ten-
derfoot in a hunting camp until he shows
what he can do with a gun.
  “ But after a while I began to wake up
to the fact that life is something more than
a hunting party. I began to be dunned for
the money I owed. And in the midst of this
awakening I received my first visit from—
what shall I call him, because even now 1
can’t give him his true name or his true
title? Suppose I call him Rajah Pundar,
then. At any rate, I can string the story
on that title as well as on another.”
CHAPTER XXX.
A rajah’s difficulty.
np’O Olivetta it seemed that the darkness
| made the story thrice vivid, for every
word he uttered called up in her mind
a picture contrasted on absolute blackness.
“ Rajah Pundar,” went on John Hodge,
for Olivetta still could not think of him
by the other name he had given, “ was a
little slender man who went about with an
eternal smile. He seemed to know some-
thing about life which enable him to laugh
at every one who took it seriously. For his
own part he never pretended to do anything
worth while.
  “ He had his education given him at Ox-
ford, and a good job they had made of it.
He had his Greek pat. He was fond of
Theocritus and never went far without a
pocket volume of the stuff. In other things,
too, he was a good deal of an exquisite
and he knew much, in fact, that when he
laughed at life, one felt there must be some-
thing in what he thought. A fellow like
that can do a devilish lot of harm, in pass-
ing.
  “ The rajah looked every inch a Euro-
pean, even in his complexion. His father
had married an English girl; and the rajah
had his mother’s skin; but in the whites
of his eyes there was a smoky tint. It was
very slight. It hardly existed outside of
one’s imagination, but once it had been seen
one could not see anything else. Do you
understand?”
  “ Yes,” she said, and shivered a little.
She could not tell why this picture of the
rajah thrilled her so, but the smoky eyes
and the wise smile were vivid to the life.
  “ The rajah,” went on Francis Camp-
bell,” was a jolly good fellow. He kept me
well entertained for the better part of an
hour, and then he drifted around to the
serious purpose of his visit.
  •‘By what approaches he managed it, I
can’t remember. It was delicately done, I
assure you; and he was able to let me
know that he understood I was penniless,
owing a great deal of money, and apt at
any time to be exposed to shame if some
of my friends and creditors awoke to the
fact that I had become simply a sponger
without the means of paying back what I
had borrowed from my hosts here and there.
  “ And that, in fact, was exactly what I
had done. It sounds devilish bad. But at
the time—well, I had simply drifted ahead
and taken the easiest way—’’
  “ Oh,” said Olivetta, “ I can understand
that!”
452
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
  And she found in the darkness his arm
and dropped her hand lightly upon it.
  “ Thank you,” said he. “ It’s fine of you
to say that.”
  He paused a moment and then he went
ahead more lightly: “ I was man enough to
shudder when the rajah’s words made me
reflect a bit. I saw exactly what I had
done. Strange how it clears one’s mind
when one reflects what the world will say
in judging one’s actions. At least, I was
brought up short. I was in a cold sweat.
And then he made his first proposi-
tion to me.
  “ It was magnificent. It was worthy of
a king instead of a half ruler over a miser-
able little square quarter of an inch on
the map of the Himalayas. What he sug-
gested was that I come up into his moun-
tains with him and become his official hun-
ter. He himself, he declared, liked to go
hunting, but, since an ugly accident a year
or two before, his nerve had been shaken.
He made the confession with a shrug of the
shoulders and a perfect good grace. I
should have suspected him then. No real
man would have been able to confess cow-
ardice as easily as he. At any rate, he
went on with his kingly suggestion that he
be allowed to pay me enough salary in ad-
vance for me to clear off my debts. Then
I should come up into his hill country with
him and, if I liked the place and the work,
stay until I reached a green old age. But
if I did not like the country and the work,
I could leave as soon as I pleased and
simply owe him the salary which I had not
earned.
  “ What could be more generous than that
on the face of it?”
  “ Oh,” said Olivetta, “ it was too gener-
ous. You must have known that there was
something wrong behind it.”
  “ Sitting here a dozen years later,” said
Francis Campbell, alias John Hodge, “ sit-
ting here a dozen years later, in a dark
room, with those twelve wasted years be-
hind me—why, I can look back and see that
I was then a young fool. But at the time,
it seemed a not impossible offer. I was
newly out of college; I was newly out of
the habit of thinking in hundreds of thou-
sands; and besides, I believed in the ro-
mance which must exist somewhere in the
world.
  “ When a boy is under twenty-five, yes,
or even under thirty, he keeps feeling that
he is just around the corner from great hap-
piness. He keeps expecting to find himself
plunged in a fairy story of one kind or an-
other at the next turning of the page. And
that was the way with me.
   “ For the sake of dignity I told the rajah
that I must have a day to think things over
and arrange my ideas on the subject. But
at the end of twenty-four hours, when I
called on him, I was hot with eagerness to
take him up. For that morning I had re-
ceived a dun for money, a very stiff little
note, such as an angry man can write.
  “ The offer of the rajah seemed, on re-
flection, so impossible that I hardly dared
broach the subject to him when I saw him.
But he opened the talk himself and reiter-
ated all that he had said the day before.
And I accepted at once.
  “ So there I was, in a fortnight, headed
for the mountains in his train. He had
insisted that there was no need for hurry.
He had advanced me even more than his
promise and urged me to do some entertain-
ing on my own part before I started for the
hills.
  “ Of course I was very glad to have the
means of doing that. I repaid some of the
debts of hospitality which I had been pil-
ing up. And then we went up into the
mountains together.
  “ The rajah’s country was, like the rest
of India, under English rule. But here the
English rule was a very mild yoke, for the
simple reason that the rajah’s country was
hardly worth governing. His people were
a horn>- handed lot of hunters, a wild, thrift-
less gang. And nothing in the world could
have extracted taxes from them except a
superstitious awe for their ancient ruling
house, which was now represented by the
rajah.
  “ I looked about the country for a time
and then I dropped in on the rajah. I had
been there for two weeks and he had said
not a word about a hunting party. When I
called on him I brought with me an offer to
resign at once.
  “ He asked me what was wrong, and I
THE STRANGER AT THE GATE.
453
told him that it was a very good joke, but
a joke which I could not exactly appreciate.
If he wanted hunters, he only needed to
pick at random from among his mature male
subjects. Any random choice he made was
almost sure to be an expert as good as I.
  “ The rajah listened politely until I was
ended and then he shrugged his shoulders.
No European can shrug shoulders with the
expressiveness of a Hindoo. And then he
admitted that when he brought me into the
hills, he had no desire to make a hunter of
wild beasts out of me. What he wanted
was a hunter of men.
  l' He was just as blunt as that, but after
he had given me the first shock he went
on to explain more at length and with in-
finite smoothness.
  “ It seemed that his revenues were falling
short of their old fullness. And the reason
was that there was another pretender to
the throne. That pretender was a half
brother—suppose I call him Randar? Ran-
dar had set himself up in the hills and an-
nounced that he had been robbed of his
birthright. And while he never had been
able to seriously threaten the throne of
Pundar, yet he caused such a disturbance
in the minds of the mountaineers that they
decided that they would pay no tribute to
either of the claimants until the dispute
were settled.
  “ Because, they said, if Pundar were the
true lord over that section of the mountains,
he should be able to prove it by wiping
out Randar instantly with the aid of justice
and the divine power which was vested in
him. Neither would they pay their old
measure of tribute to Pundar nor would
they whole-heartedly assist him in chasing
Randar and running him to the ground.
For who could tell? The man they hunted
down might, after all, be the rightful claim-
ant to the throne!
  “ So that Pundar found himself with an
income cut in two and the hard added bur-
den of the necessity of supporting a little
army of a hundred or so men to defend his
capital in case Randar and his handful of
miscreants should attempt to sweep down
on him from the higher mountains where
they took refuge.
  “ Rajah Pundar for once forgot to smile
as he told me this yarn. He even went
out and had the army mustered for my in-
spection. And they were a ratty looking
crew if ever I saw one! Most of them
were imported, because, as he had just ex-
plained, he could not trust his own subjects
to fight against a man who, for all they
knew, might be their rightful ruler. They
were too apt to step to one side and let the
two brothers settle the matter subject to
the arbitration of God alone.
  “ But Pundar was not inclined to sub-
mit to such a test. As I have said, he was
a little, slender man, and his half brother,
the false Randar, was a gangling fellow up-
ward of six feet in height and with little
short of two hundred pounds of brawn in
his favor. So Pundar had brought in these
half starved mercenaries who, being mor-
tally despised by the inhabitants of the
country, brought Pundar into still further
disfavor with his subjects.
  “ Yet he could not dispense with his
army, and his army dared not move outside
the royal presence, so to speak, for fear it
would be mobbed by non-combatants!
  “ And, in the meantime, cunning Randar
hung in the upper mountains and swooped
down like an eagle time and again to carry
off plunder from the valleys and to carry
off a few new adherents each time. For
every descent he made, unscathed, helped
to convince the natives that Randar must
indeed be of the right blood royal and
the true heir to the throne.
  “ Now, what Pundar wanted was a white
man in command, a daring adventurer who
would, in the first place improve the morale
of his “ army ” and, in the second place,
who would be willing to risk his life among
the upper crags of the mountains in the
chase of Randar.
  “ I listened until he was through and
then I asked him why he didn’t appeal the
case to the English. But he explained that
the English were easy to call in, but hard
as the devil to send out. I asked him to
go over the main points of dispute and
he proved to me, clearly enough, that Ran-
dar was a rank impostor. After that I
had no doubts. I decided that I would do
my best for him. I knew that Pundar was
a rascal, but even a rascal can be in the
454
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
right now and then, and besides, this rascal
had treated me with the most princely gen-
erosity from the very first. So I determined
to fight his fight for him.”
CHAPTER XXXL
THE FIGHT ON THE MOUNTAIN.
 FIRST of all, I looked over the army.
Gathered together in a flock, they
numbered about a hundred and fifty
men, and they seemed a crew of wrecks and
derelicts. But when I went over them one
by one, I found some hardy fellows in the
lot. I weeded out forty men as hard as
nails, all handy with weapons, and reck-
less enough to suit the prince of evil. I
added to the lot a dozen men about the
palace who were so stanchly attached to
Pundar that they would fight for him. That
gave me only around fifty fighters for the
army, while Randar was reported to have
close to a hundred followers. But if his
hundred were at all like Pundar's original
hundred and fifty, I had no care for the
numbers. Three cowards mixed with ten
brave men will start the ten brave men
running when it comes to a pinch. Panic
is like fever; it’s catching, and it spreads
as fast as a bullet travels.
 “ Well, I had my army boiled down and
ready for training. Then I managed to
get them into a uniform, a cheap contrap-
tion in red and blue cotton cloth. The
bright colors would make them perfect tar-
gets, but the bright colors were worth while
on account of the effect they had on the
spirits of the men. My men felt braver in
red and blue than they would have felt in
drab. In three days I had them rivaling
one another in the care they took of their
uniforms. And inside the same three days
I had come to know them well enough to
pick out their natural leaders. I had half
a dozen of the hardiest raised in rank,
which meant giving them better pay and
brighter colors to wear. They were gau-
dier than rear admirals on dress parade,
those corporals of mine. And after they
had been * made,’ I had no troubles about
discipline. I simply held each corporal
accountable for his eight or ten men. And
if one of the men overstepped the bounds,
he was beaten to a bloody pulp by his su-
perior officer. And, after that, my next
step was to double the pay.
  “ That sounds extravagant. But I could
have quadrupled the pay and still it would
have been less than a decent wage. How-
ever, the raise in pay brought a wail from
the treasurer that made even the rajah sit
up and prick his ears.
  “ He called me in to interview him, and
pointed out very politely that to reduce
the size of an army was commendable, if
one thought it still large enough to do the
work, but that to double the pay was ob-
viously doing away with the good work I
had already done.
  “ I heard the little rascal to the finish,
and then I informed him that his former
army had done their fighting entirely
through talk, but that I intended to get my
boys out and work them.
  “ And I lived up to my word. For two
weeks I drilled them. I didn’t make them
fall into formations. That wasn’t what I
wanted. Formations weren’t worth a con-
tinental on the sides of mountains where
the best trained company of king’s guards
in the world couldn’t have held a straight
line. My training consisted of marching
them straight across country and back
again by the hardest routes I could find.
And I hung up prizes for the men who
made the trips in the best time and best
condition, taking packs on their shoulders
as they went.
  “ The result was that at the end of two
weeks I had worked them into good condi-
tion. Their cheeks were thin and drawn.
Their muscles were hard. The outer coat-
ing of fat was gone. They began to jar
and wrangle with one another. In short,
they were in good fighting condition, like
a pack of half-starved dogs.
  “ I had been drilling into their heads a
fe\y commands, such as common words for
a charge, an advance at slow pace, seeking
for cover as they worked forward, and such
things, including the knack of simulating
a retreat—running like the very devil for
a ways and then suddenly whirling about,
dropping on their bellies, and blazing away
at an imaginary line of foes.
THE STRANGER AT THE GATE.
455
  “ At the end of the two weeks, my boys
were in splendid shape. I was almost afraid
to trust myself among them. And when
I had them in that condition, I started out
to find Randar.
  “ In the meantime, Randar, as I learned
through a spy I had sent out on big pay,
had been worried by the reports he heard
about activities in the camp of his dear
brother. His way of meeting the danger
was to recruit every man he could lay
hands upon. Those who were not willing
to fight for him he pressed into the service
anyway. The means did not matter with
Randar any more than they did with Pun-
dar. The ends were what he had his eye
fixed upon. The one great difference was
that Randar himself was a good two-fisted
fighter, and able to set a wholesome ex-
ample for his army.
  “ He had gathered, for the emergency,
close to two hundred men, all equipped with
firearms of varying centuries. And, so pre-
pared, the brave fellow retreated to his
highest mountains and waited!
  “ I came after him in a leisurely way.
I didn’t want to wear out my boys without
necessity for it. And I managed it so that
they got within striking distance of Ran-
dar while still in the very pink of condi-
tion.
  *	We started the battle in the approved
Indian fashion. At a distance of half a
mile, Randar’s men began shooting hundred
weights of lead into the rocks in our general
direction. I kept a half dozen expert rifle-
men skirting along onto the highest and
most commanding points, from which, as
we advanced, they potted a few rounds at
Randar’s army. The result was that we
kept Randar's men ducking for close cover
and hardly daring to show their heads,
while we worked up that murdering hillside
among the bowlders. My sharpshooters
were picking off Randar’s men one by
one, and Randar's volleying were carv-
ing the air to bits and splashing on the
rocks. So that my total casualty list in
the climb consisted of one slightly wound-
ed in the head and in a red fighting rage
because of his hurt.
  “ However, my boys had held their fire
so long that they were ravenous for action.
That long, slow, careful approach under
fire had taught them to heartily despise
the marksmanship of their enemies. Every
step, in reality, was convincing them of the
righteousness of the cause of Pundar.
Otherwise, God would have sent the bullets
on a straighter line against them. Finally
I had them bulwarked behind rocks a short
hundred and fifty yards from Randar’s
boys.
  ‘‘ The blockhead had simply posted his
men in a massed line without attempt to
use intelligently the immense opportunities
which those rocks offered. All I had to do
was to place a dozen of my boys on high
points in order to establish a plunging fire
that dropped them by the half dozen.
  “ Randar’s lines were sweating blood,
and a loud yell and a charge would prob-
ably have carried his position. Already
some of his boys were sneaking away in
twos and threes. But I didn’t want to
charge that line of rocks, lose seven or eight
of my own boys, and only scatter the evil
of the enemy over the mountain country.
  “ I may sound bloodthirsty to you, but
I wanted to wipe out that gang of thieves
and robbers. You see, I was very young.
And I was seeing a beautiful chance for a
career among those cold peaks. I saw my-
self as a sort of grand vizier with the reins
of government dropped into my hands by
the trusting Pundar. I would send him
away to Paris to enjoy his fat income. In
the meantime, I would stay at home and
start improving things.
  “ If I could introduce a trickle of Ameri-
can gold, with an investment of a few hun-
dred thousand, a solid burst of income
would be the result, and I knew whom to
speak to to bring in the investors. But
first of all, I must make the country safe
to live in, and the best way to go about it
was to wipe out the murderers who were
living now under the head of Randar.
  “ So I waited until Randar’s men had
delivered another desperate, blind, shaky
volley, and then I gave my signal to simu-
late a retreat.
  " My boys did it wonderfully. It was
just the sort of game they could appreciate.
They leaped up from behind the rocks.
Randar’s men had just fired, and their old
456
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
muskets hadn’t been reloaded. Therefore
a bit of self-exposure was harmless. My
boys, therefore, jumped up, waved their
arms, yelled, and brandished their repeat-
ing rifles by way of showing their terror,
and then sprinted away, shrieking, among
the rocks, as though a panic had taken hold
on them and they were pursued by a legion
of devils.
  “ That was enough for Randar’s cut-
throats. They had already suffered pretty
heavily at the hands of my sharpshooters.
Now they went out for revenge. They
didn’t wait to reload their old-fashioned
guns. They threw them away by the score
and whipped out their knives, their natural
weapons, and came with their eyes rolling
and their teeth showing.
  “ They dashed across the clear space be-
fore their lines. They raced around the
ledge of rocks behind which my boys had
lain. And there they stopped.
  “ For they got the contents of fifty re-
peating rifles in their faces. My fine lads
had run a little way according to their
training, and then they dropped to their
bellies, tucked the rifle butts into the hol-
lows of their shoulders, saw that the maga-
zines were full, and waited.
  “ When Randar’s outfit tore through the
rocks they were salted away in crowds.
Randar himself went down with ten bullets
through his head and breast. And that
charging line of his men stopped, staggered,
and turned to run.
  “ But they didn't run far. I had set
apart ten of my best men to the right flank.
When Randar’s men charged, they had
moved down and occupied Randar’s old
lines. Only a handful, mind you, but all
expert shots, all with good, modern guns
and oceans of ammunition. And the ten
were ample to stop the return of Randar’s
rascals. They came swarming back, met
that counter fire in their faces, staggered
again, and then were caught by another
blast of murder from the rear, where my
main body had moved up again to a closer
range.
  “ And then the remnant—the wretched
remnant of Randar’s boys—ran down the
mountainside, throwing away even their
knives, and shrieking for the help of kindly
deities. How many got away I can’t say.
Some of my boys, when they came wearily
back from the chase that evening, declared
that they had run down every mother’s son
of them—that the enemy was utterly an-
nihilated. But I imagine that their en-
thusiasm had run away with them. At
least, when I sat down on a rock and
looked at the burned palm of my left hand
—burned by the heat of the rifle barrel, you
understand—I knew that I had done a good
job for clever Pundar. I was very much
satisfied with myself. I was very much
satisfied with the intelligence he had shown
in picking me out for this nasty job. And
then I went to examine the camp of the
enemy and collect the plunder.”
CHAPTER XXXII.
A MYSTERY EXPLAINED.
HE paused for such a time that she
stared curiously at him through the
darkness and made out that he had
dropped his chin upon a supporting fist
while he stared into blank distance straight
before him.
  At length he continued in a changed
voice, with the exultation gone out of it.
  “ That camp was simply a mess, of
course. There .was only one decent habita-
tion along the whole lines, and that was the
cave which Randar himself had occupied
before the battle with a pair of his wives.
It was quite habitable. And among other
things I found the treasury, a big iron
bound chest which had held the cash of
Randar. It was absolutely empty. With
the cash had disappeared everything worth
having in the rest of the cave. A few of my
handy lads had preceded me.
  “ I had them caught and I threatened to
hang them up by the thumbs unless they
instantly confessed. They finally confessed
—that they had taken the money to keep it
for me until we should come down from
the campaign and return to the palace of
the rajah. I took every cent from them;
but I simply redistributed the money, giv-
ing every man in the army an equal share.
The treasure furnished them—there were
forty-five left alive—with nearly a hun-
THE STRANGER AT THE GATE.
457
dred dollars apiece, and they considered
themselves rich.
  “ I watched them start celebrating; and
then I went back into Randar’s cave and
looked about among the wreckage. There
was nothing worth examining except the
old treasure chest; and as the night came
on, with a stiff wind from the snow of the
upper summits, I called in some of the lads
and told them to smash up the box for fire-
wood.
  “ They set to work on it, but it was
a hard job. There was an interlacing of
steel laths. They had to be battered apart,
and finally they had stripped away the
steel netting and thrown the wooden parts
on the fire.
  “ It was such a cleverly reenforced chest
that I looked over the skeleton, and not
until then I noticed a little steel section
which was more of a small box than a
section of the lathing. And when I ex-
amined it more closely I found that it was
in reality what had been a secret com-
partment, buried in the wood of the bottom
part of the box. I chiseled it away from
the rest, and then I started to work on
the little lock. But I could not open it
except by cutting through the steel.
  “ My men were scattered about the fire
outside the little cave. And in the cave it-
self I was at work until midnight before
I got the box open and found on the inside,
bedded in a wad of green, soft silk, the
pearl which Logan called the Sheik—this
pearl which I now have in my hand.”
  She saw the shadow of his raised hand
through the darkness. His voice quivered
with triumph.
  “ I knew little about pearls,” he went on,
“ but I knew enough to tell the Sheik is
worth a fortune. And I stayed awake an-
other hour dreaming about the uses I would
make of the money after the sale. Then I
went to sleep.
  “ I woke up in the early dawn, and the
first thing I did was to reach for the pearl.
I had put it in a sock and then drawn the
sock on and wrapped up in my blankets.
But I found that the sock was empty!
  “ Some clever thief had unfolded the
blankets at my feet, cut the stocking with
a razor or a razor sharp knife so that I
felt nothing, and removed the pearl. And
he had been cool enough to wrap the blan-
ket softly around my feet afterward so that
the cold might not waken me.
  “ The first thing I did was to call the
roll. And I found that my most trusted
lieutenant, he who had led the flanking
force which afterward occupied the aban-
doned lines of Randar’s men and drove
them down the hill to annihilation, was
gone. He was a very intelligent half-breed.
His name was Louis Kern! ”
  “The one armed man!” cried Olivetta.
  “ He had two good arms at that time,
and he knew how to use both of them. I
didn’t wait to get back to the palace of
Pundar. It was a good thing that I didn’t.
I learned afterward that he was so much
disturbed by the loyalty of the army to me
that when I returned he planned to give
me a cup of wine, after drinking which
I should fall into a sleep from which there
would be no waking. But what I did was
to take two of my most faithful soldiers
and start with them on the trail of Louis
Kern.
  “ It was a strange trail and a wild trail.
It brought us down to the sea eventually,
and there Louis Kern—I am telling you
what I found out partly then and partly
afterward—was in turn robbed of the
Sheik. The men who robbed him took to
the open sea in a small sloop. And the
sloop was wrecked off the shore of Ceylon.
You heard that from Samuel Logan, though
of course the yarn which he told about
the diver who brought up the pearl on his
last dive, as he was about to retire—that
was simply nonsense.
  “ I had met Logan while I was on the
trail of Louis Kern. I met him under pe-
culiar circumstances, so complicated that it
would take a long story to explain it to you.
But the fact wras that Logan thought he
had rescued me from punishment for a mur-
der. I was entirely innocent—in fact, the
Calcutta police last year discovered the
real criminal. But Logan was convinced
of my guilt. And yet he did what he could
for me. And I, in turn, thought at first that
he was an extremely good natured fellow.
The result was that I told him exactly what
had happened to me.
458
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
  “ I left Logan at the same point where I
lost track of the thief and the sloop which
now carried the Sheik.
  “ You can see the situation which held
then. Logan and I and Louis Kern knew
about the pearl. And there was also the
crew on the sloop who knew about it. But
when they went down it was Logan who
first discovered the fact, and Logan again
who took out the tug and the diving appa-
ratus and went to search the bottom of the
sea for the Sheik.
  “ I had wind of what he was about and
wanted to go with him. But he now dis-
claimed me and tried to betray me to the
Indian police on account of that murder
of which I was at that time accused. I had
to hide from the police and at the same
time track Logan and see what he was able
to recover from the sea.
  “ Another person was doing the same
thing, and that was Louis Kern. There fol-
lowed the adventure on Commodore Das-
com’s yacht. The incidents of that, I sup-
pose. were very much as Logan told. But
he was a monumental liar, and it is possible
he may have falsified some of the details.
  “ After that there was nothing for me
to do but wait and hope. Louis Kern and
Logan were doing the same thing. You can
imagine the situation. Logan was a dis-
credited thief, sponger, and liar, known to
a thousand men for what he was. Louis
Kern was a villainous half-breed. And I
could not appeal to the law, because the
law was waiting to string me up by the
neck for the murder of a poor old man in
Calcutta.
  “You observe that Commodore Dascom
was in control. And so long as he lived
he continued to be in control. In the
meantime, Louis Kern had joined the
household of the Commodore, had been
thrown out of it again under the peculiar
circumstances to which Logan alluded, and
he and Logan had joined forces.
  “ I, in the meantime, lay in the offing.
I had made one secret trip back to India
in the hope of securing sufficient evidence
to clear myself of that horrible murder
charge. But I nearly put my neck in the
noose and escaped by a scant inch.
  “ After that, there was nothing I could
do but wait. I had to pick up a living as
I could. I did all sorts of things. I be-
came a guide and hunter in Africa for sev-
eral years. I toured here and there. And
I had some years fn the Russian army. But
at last I found myself in Hawaii keeping
an eye upon Logan and Louis Kern when
the news of the death of Commodore Das-
com arrived.
  “ The next day after that news appeared
in the papers they were on the high seas.
I followed them to San Francisco. There
I learned that they had gone on to New
York. And I followed again.
  “ In fact, it was an easy matter to put
two and two together and know what the
story must be. The moment they heard of
the death of the commodore, the moment
they saw, as I had seen, that no mention
of the great pearl was made in the published
will of Dascom, they had gone on to see
what they could do. And that fitted in with
what I had already suspected: Louis Kern
had learned something about the permanent
hiding place of the Sheik. But he had al-
ready suffered so terribly from the anger
of the old commodore that he dared not
tell his secret to a soul. He was waiting for
the death of Dascom. And Samuel Logan,
in the meantime, supported Kern in the
hope of securing a share from him when
the pearl was taken.
  “ Now that they were heading for New
York, I knew that they would be making
an attempt on the house of the commodore.
And I determined to be there before them
and rob them of the spoils. I consid-
ered myself the rightful owner of the pearl.
Randar, in the first place, had owned the
pearl and had kept it in reserve, to be sold
as a last resource to win back the country
which Pundar ruled. Pundar had expressly
declared that any plunder taken from Ran-
dar’s army was to be my personal property.
And therefore the pearl was mine. I can-
not imagine a better right. 1 had fought
for it and won it squarely.
  “ You know how I appeared at Dascom
house. And when Louis Kern and Logan
saw me on the lawn, you were unable to
read the rage in their faces; but I could.
  “ That night I saw Logan busy at the
globe, and I knew that the globe must have
THE STRANGER AT THE GATE.
459
something to do with the pearl. So I came
down myself to take a look at it later on.
I could make nothing of it, and while I
studied it I heard a noise at the window
and knew that Logan was spying on me. I
went wild at that. I ran out into the gar-
den, but the clever devil had faded into the
night air—”
  “ It was I, and not Logan!”
  “ You?”
  “ Yes.”
  “ Good gad! But I understand. At any
rate, I went back upstairs to my room.
Naturally I could not sleep. I had to keep
awake and on watch to see what Logan or
Kern accomplished.
  “ I came down again, and after another
walk I came in and saw the shadow move
in the hall, as I told you before. That
brought me to find you bound in the
closet—”
  “ And you really hadn’t put me there
yourself?”
 “I? Upon my honor—”
  “ Just your word is enough. But my
head swims!”
  “ Let me tell you what had actually hap-
pened. I have guessed at it, I think. Louis
Kern went down to the steel globe to steal
a march on Logan—they must have agreed
to open it in each other’s presence. But
he found that the globe was already opened.
And you, Olivetta Dascom, were bending
over the globe.
  “ He attacked you as you came out, held
you down and searched you while I walked
past you down the darkened hall, and then
he gagged and tied you and put you in the
hall closet while he went to find Logan
and get an explanation from him.
  “ You went back to your room, after I’d
let you out, and then Logan decided that
what he had done was not enough. He
played pig and tried to scoop in your em-
erald, because he had heard the talk about
it that night.”
  “But the shooting of Logan!” cried
Olivetta, unable to contain her impatient
excitement. “ Oh, how—”
  “ Don’t you see,” he said. “ that there
would have been no point in my doing it?”
“ But—” she began.
  “ I don’t blame you for doubting,” said
he. “ After that shooting the jewels were
stolen.”
  “But he seemed to be sure that what
he had to say about you—”
  “ Exactly,” said Francis Campbell. “ He
did not know that the real murderer of old
Henry Tanfaran in Calcutta had confessed
last year. He thought that a word from
him would throw me into the arms of the
police. That was what he was about to
tell to the crowd when the bullet struck
him and stopped his speech.”
  “ And you?”
  “ Of course I saw, by his preliminaries,
what he was leading up to. And just before
he reached the crisis, when he was to an-
nounce my name and my supposed crime,
I slipped out of the room. I wanted to
telephone to a New York paper and try to
find out from a reporter I knew if they
could verify the story of the confession con-
cerning the Tanfaran affair. But before
I could reach a telephone the shot came
from the man who stood at the window
and fired through. If any of the people in
the room had noted the time I left it, they
would have seen that I did not have the
time to go around to the outside of the
house and fire the shot.”
  “ Then, who did?”
  “ I don’t know. I can only guess. But
I’ve been in hiding all this time, playing a
game of hide and seek and trying to trap
the man I think did the shooting.”
  “ But) oh,” sighed Olivetta, “ I begin to
believe—why, I want to sing, it makes me
so happy!”
  “ God bless you!” he said quietly.
  “ Will you try to explain one thing more?
You see, I’m at a point when I will be-
lieve almost anything. But what did it
mean when I saw you run down the hall
and knock down the detective with your
gun?”
  “ Has one thing occurred to you?” said
he. “ If I had been a murderer, and if
my own life was forfeit, would I have
thrown my gun at that detective and tried
to knock him down with it, as I luckily
did? No, I should have shot him through
the head and gone on with one danger re-
moved from my rear!”
  “ I know,” she said. “ I’ve thought of
460
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
that. But my iather—when I reached his
room—”
  “ You found him wild with rage,” said
he, “ and ready to tear the world in two
to get at me. And there was a perfectly
good reason for him to be angry. I don’t
like to tell stories out of school, but here’s
a case where it will do no harm, I’m sure.
At least, I have to save my owti hide.
  “ This is the truth about my attack on
your father.
  “ When I knew that the murder was
blamed on me, and by the shout that went
up after the shooting, I knew it at once, I
turned and bolted and got safely out of the
grounds. Then I came back with the de-
termination to get at the Sheik. I had
heard about how you were robbed by the
simple expedient of listening in on a tele-
phone and taking off some of the messages
which were passing to New York. And
I guessed that it must have been some mem-
ber of your family who had exchanged
those agates for the jewels. It was too pat,
else.
  “ I picked out a person with a sense of
humor, plenty of coolness and ready wit
and laid the blame upon him. In other
words, I accused your father and went to
search his room. The reason I accused
him, also, was because I had gathered that
he had perhaps some debts which were not
known to his family. And, in fact, it turned
out that way.
  “ When I reached his room I found the
whole stock of the jewels. Of that stock
I took only the Sheik. That was the only
one to which I had any claim. The others
were the rightful property of your father
as heir of old Commodore Dascom. I left
him the whole stock and went on my way.
But the next day he did not say a word
about having all the jewels saving the Sheik
in his hands. He has sold those jewels at
underground markets. And the result is
that he begins to show evident signs of
prosperity.”
  Olivetta glanced back into her memory
of the last few days. It was exactly as
Francis Campbell had said. Hugh Dascom
had shown a growing recklessness so far
as the marriage of his daughter to some rich
catch was concerned. And his gay spirits
had exceeded anything he had been known
to show before.
  “ Then it’s all true,” breathed Olivetta.
“ And I may believe in you!”
  “So help me, God, it is pure truth!
And there was one other true thing I have
told you, .Olivetta.”
  She knew what was coming, but she lis-
tened with her heart beating in her throat.
“Yes?” she whispered.
  “ When we stood in the garden—all that
I did or said had my heart behind it, dear! ”
She could not speak.
  “ Do you believe me still?”
  “ Yes,” murmured Olivetta.
  His arms leaped around her, but sudden-
ly she fought herself away.
  “ No, no!” she said. “ Listen! They’ve
found us—they have found us—”
  He leaned back. Down the hall came a
soft and regular ticking sound, as of some
one walking stealthily and bringing these
creaks from the floor.
CHAPTER XXXIII.
TENSE MOMENTS.
THERE was no question about the
reality of the noise, or what caused it.
The murmurs which the sweep of
drafts had caused before might disturb a
nervous mind, but there was a world of
difference between them and this concrete
fact. The footfalls crept on to a,place
which must have been near the door of the
room in which they sat.
  Frank Campbell, with a silent pressure
of his hand, bade her stay where she was.
He himself began to rise slowly to his feet,
moving so very cautiously to prevent noise
that it seemed to her a whole minute was
occupied by the maneuver. But at length
he stood erect and began to steal away from
her in the direction of the door, keeping
very close to the wall, where there was
less danger of the floor squeaking under his
tread.
  His progress, in fact, was utterly sound-
less. Now another noise caught her ear.
It was a light grit of metal against metal,
no louder than the very faintest whisper,
but it told Olivetta that the knob of the
THE STRANGER AT THE GATE.
461
door was being turned. Then a new draft
of air passed across the floor. Dust was
blown into her face. She knew that the
door had been opened. Then the draft
ceased. It was shut again.
  Had he who opened it shut it and gone
on? Or did he remain inside the room?
Meantime, her companion was dissolved in
the black wall of darkness. Olivetta found
herself pressing back farther and farther
against the wall behind her.
  But when the silence broke it was in an
explosion of noise. There was a shock,
a curse in a harsh, strange voice. Then
something crashed upon the floor, rolled
on it. There was a prolonged scuffling,
then all was still.
  “ Have you got enough ” said the voice
of Francis Campbell, panting.
  “ Yes,” breathed another.
  “ Wait a minute—so! Now lie still. If
you move, I’ll shove the knife into you.
I	mean it, you dog! Olivetta!”
  “ Yes?” she murmured, hurrying to him.
  “ Stand back from me. Wait till I make
sure of this thing before you come within
striking distance of it. So!”
  As he spoke, he snapped on an electric
torch. He was revealed in shadowy outline
sitting a-straddle of the body of a prostrate
man. And the shaft of light from the torch
glistened on the rolling ejtes and marked
in deeper furrows the seamed face of Louis
Kern. The left hand of Campbell held the
light. In his right hand was a heavy hilted,
sharp-edged knife. He had poised it just
over the breast of the man from the Orient.
  “ Ah! ” said Campbell. “ I knew that the
trap would close on something one of these
days. It couldn’t fail. And here you are,
Louis? After all these years, here we are
again?”
  The lips of the other writhed over words,
but no sound came. He glared in a fascina-
tion of terror into the face of his captor.
  Campbell arose from his victim and
stepped back.
  “ Stand up,” he said.
  Louis Kern obeyed.
  “ Now notice,” went on Francis Camp-
bell, “ that that door is closed. That your
only escape is through that door. That
if you try to bolt for it. before you can
get that door open I shall certainly be able
to drive this knife into your back, and I
shall assuredly do my best to do it! Do
you understand?”
  Louis Kern bowed. But when he bowed,
he kept his eye fixed upon the knife in
the hand of Campbell.
  “ But don’t forget,” said Campbell. “ I’d
hesitate more about killing a dog, Kern,
than about ridding the world of you. And
there’d be no penalty. You understand
what I know of your life. There was only
one good day in your life, and that was
the time you fought for me in the Hima-
layas. But, good gad, Louis, why should
the bravest soldier I ever saw be a rascal
as well ”
  His voice had lowered as he spoke the
last sentence. There was a gentleness
which was almost a caress in his manner
and his accent. And Louis Kern was ap-
parently moved. His sallow face flushed.
His eyes widened and darkened with emo-
tion.
  Suddenly his head bowed in shame and
remorse and he stared at the floor. And
that mute contrition took quick effect upon
Francis Campbell.
  “ Come, come! ” he said. “ I don’t mean
to turn you over to the police. I want you
to say only enough to clear me. And then,
before I turn your confession in to them,
I’ll give you time and money enough to
get you clear of this country. Will you do
that? Does that sound generous enough?”
Louis Kern jerked up his head.
  “ How can / run away?” he said.
  He pointed to the missing arm. “ They’ll
know me by that,” he said gloomily.
  “ You can get a false arm and wear it in
a sling—there are a dozen ways of cover-
ing up a missing arm,” said the captor.
“ I’ll see that you’re provided. But the
main thing is: Will you sign a confession
before? Will you talk and tell the truth?”
Louis Kern looked at the white man with
an indescribable expression.
  “ I can do nothing else,” he said.
Throughout, his English was flawless. He
spoke in a low, unemphatic voice. “ Is
there paper?”
  “ Yes, and a pen. I have all that you
need. Will you tell everything, Louis?”
462
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
  Again there was a touch of hesitation.
  11	For the sake of the clay in the moun-
tains,” said Louis. “Yes! I remember
how you led us.”
  “ For the sake of that day, then,” echoed
the white man, greatly moved. “ And I re-
member how you fought—I shall never for-
get it! And yet, Louis, if you had acted the
part of an honest man on the evening of
that day, I should not have been a vaga-
bond for ten years! Yes, you’ve cost me
ten years of the best of my life. You’ve
made me throw away that much.”
  “ Were all the years thrown away?” said
Louis in his soft voice, and he looked full
at Olivetta, so that she shrank and blushed.
 “Drop that!” exclaimed Campbell
harshly. “ You yourself, Louis, I should
have looked after you!”
  “ Yes,” said Louis bitterly, “ I might
have been your valet, and you would have
told how I fought for you on the mountain
—you would have told that after I had
brought in the wine!”
  His lip lifted in a sneer of contempt.
  “ Show me the paper and the pen! ” he
said suddenly. “ And let's be done with it.
I can write by that torch.”
  “ Very well,” said Francis Campbell, and
reached into his pocket for the paper.
  He had half turned as he did so. A ring-
ing cry from Olivetta made him spring
back. Louis Kern had whipped out another
knife and was leaping straight at his throat.
CHAPTER XXXIV.
A SHRIEK IN THE NIGHT.
“WT was here,” said the chauffeur. “I
; followed her right down here and seen
her take a turn around the block.”
The sergeant of detectives listened with-
out emotion. It was the fourth time that
he himself had been called out to trace to
the ground stories of people who declared
that they had seen Olivetta Dascom that
evening. He had been from the Battery to
New Rochelle, and the sergeant was weary
in soul and spirit.
  “You could not be mistaken in her?”
said Hugh Dascom, who made the third in
the party.
  It was the first excursion which he had
made since he came in from Long Island—
his first attempt to find the lost trail.
  “ Mistaken about her ” grinned the
chauffeur. “ No, sir. I got twelve pic-
tures of her on the wall of my room. I got
pictures of her from every angle. I couldn’t
of been so sure of my own mother.”
  “ And you think,” said the sergeant with
a trifle more interest, as he looked down
the blank faced line of houses, “ you think
that she was following a man?”
  “ I'm kind of sure of that, too,” said the
chauffeur. “ Of course I kept an eye on
her all the time she was in the car. I seen
that she kept leaning forward and looking
away past me as though there was a street
fight beginning about a block ahead. She
kept that look all the time. And she got
more nervous every time the traffic jammed
in between and buried a big orange colored
taxi ahead of us. Pretty soon I was wise
to that and I laid in pretty smooth behind
the big orange boy. Then Miss Dascom
took it easy. She sat back in the seat and
stopped worrying.
  “ Pretty soon we passed the orange fel-
low pulled up beside the street. And at
the next corner she told me to stop, paid
the bill and gave me an extra dollar be-
sides the tip, and then went off down the
street so fast that I couldn’t stop her to
give back the dollar.
  “ But I shoved my car up against the
curb and climbed out and hiked after her
with the dollar in my fist. But when I
turned the corner I seen her walking along
about a half block behind a big tall bird
and keeping about that distance back.
Seemed to me that she might be shadowing
him, and I forgot about the dollar and
began to watch.
  “ Well, I walked down here to this block
of houses, as I was saying. I seen the tall
gent go up a flight of steps and disappear
inside the door. And Miss Dascom walked
right on and went around the far corner.
After that I turned around and went back.
I didn’t have no time to spare, and it wasn’t
up to me to give her advice. But when I
seen the papers—about her not showing up
where she was expected at her friend’s
house— Good God! What’s that?”
THE STRANGER AT THE GATE.
463
  A faint shriek had reached them, a hoarse
scream such as comes from a man in a
throe of terror or agony. Even the sergeant
looked aghast. Then he pointed to a house
ahead of them and to the right.
  “ It came out of that,” he said. “ Come
along with me! Mr. Dascom, you got a
gun. Get ready to limber it up.”
  He jerked the last words at them over his
shoulder as he started to sprint ahead, but
in a stride Hugh Dascom was beside, had
even passed him. Up the steps they rushed
shoulder to shoulder. The front door re-
buffed their attack. The sergeant shattered
the lock with a forty-five caliber slug and
they tumbled into a deadly dark hall until
the light from the sergeant’s electric torch
split the blackness in two.
  Then an hysterical cry from a woman
turned them sharply to the left. And the
three smashed the door wide open and
plunged into a room where Louis Kern lay
on his back on the floor with his one arm
thrown above his head.
  Over him leaned that much sought after
form of “ John Hodge ” himself.
  “Hodge!” cried the sergeant. “Hands
up!”
  “ I’m too busy,” said Hodge. “ Stand
close. You’re my witness! ”
THE
   “ Olivetta!” called her father.
   But Olivetta held him off with a raised
hand.
   “ Wait!” she whispered.
  And then Hugh Dascom saw that the
hand of John Hodge, which was pressed
across the' breast of the half-breed, was
endeavoring in vain to check the welling
blood which was draining the life of Kern.
And John Hodge himself was slashed with
a shallow cut across the side of the head.
   He paid no heed to that.
   “ Kern! ” he was crying. “ For God’s
sake, before you go do me right. You’re
done. But it will save me from hell on
earth if you speak one word! Kern, will
you do it?”
   The half-breed opened his eyes and smiled
 in quiet disdain up at the face of the white
 man.
   “ Oh!” cried Olivetta, and falling on her
 knees, she stretched out her hands to the
 dying man. “ You can free him from dan-
 ger; and if you free him you will free me.
 In the name of mercy, tell what you know!”
   Louis Kern closed his eyes, opened them
suddenly, and looked at the ceiling.
   “ Gentlemen,” he said, “ I killed Logan.
 I killed him before he could name my
 name.”
END
 TT	XJ	u
THE SONG OF THE CITY
 /"\H, he whom I once have held in my thrall,
      In my crowded street,
 I hold him for aye; I weave me a snare
    For his hastening feet.
 He travels east and he travels west,
    But he finds the track—
 With joy or with grief he finds the way
    That leads him back.
 He may think—the fool!—that he hates my noise,
    My clatter and din,
 And the pulse and throb of life in my veins,
    And the moods I am in.
 But he reckons wrong; for wherever he goes,
    Like a magnet I draw,
 Till he finds himself back in my grasp again,
    And my will is his law!
A. Eastman Elmn.
By A. D. TEMPLE
IT was late summer afternoon in Coon-
burg. In the shade trees the cicadas
were humming their hot weather chant,
a katydid now and then swelling the chorus
as the evening shadows grew darker. An
escaped vagrant pig grunted interrogatively
as he paused in front of McGoogle’s with
eyes and keen nose scouting for banana
peels, overripe tomatoes, or other porcine
tidbits. Link Brown’s two coon hounds,
Range and Sport, outstretched lazily on the
curb in their character of guardians of the
street, half raised their heads as they
growled a sleepy warning at the disturber
of their slumbers. Some luscious cabbage
leaves were close to Range’s nose. The pig
advanced toward them, only halting a mo-
ment as Range, with a menacing deep
growl, bared his teeth savagely, the porker
replying with a supercilious whoof, then
seizing the dainty morsel. A second later
one hundred and fifty pounds of live pork
and about an equal weight of coon hounds
formed the center of a cloud of dust in mid
street.
  The jazzlike symphony that erupted
from the cloud drowned the soothing songs
of katydid and cicada, causing as well a
hasty informal adjournment of a meeting
of the Coonburg Sportsman’s Club that
was being held in the back of the store, the
entire membership of the club rushing out
en masse to view the fray from the front
porch.
  Josh Stebbins was the last to see the
rumpus, as in his haste to be first he, in
rising, had collided with the freshly opened
keg of salt mackerel, stumbling over it as
       464	9 A
JOSH STEBBIXS: PROSPECTOR.
465
it rolled and, in a badly calculated effort
to keep his equilibrium, caromed on a full
basket of fresh eggs, to their almost total
destruction. Then falling over a sack of po-
tatoes, he joined the interested crowd of
spectators on the porch.
  “Hey, there! Hey, there, Link!” he
shouted, as with egg besmeared hands he
pushed his way through the crowd and rec-
ognized one of the combatants. “ Call off
yer dogs; they’re killin’ my pet hog. I
dunno how he got loose, but I wouldn’t lose
him fer a pretty.”
  Link sounded a sharp whistle twice re-
peated, at which the hounds slowly and
regretfully released the pig, coming to their
master’s side with drooping ears and guilty,
wagging tails. The pig, emitting a stream of
indignant grunts and squeals, fled down the
street.
  “ That your hog, josh?” inquired Link,
with a grin.
  “ Sure, he is. Thet ar hog cost me forty
dollars.”
  “ Don't look to me as if he was very well
bred. I’ve got some Berkshires and Poland
Chinas in my pen, a heap better lookin’,
that I’d :a’ been glad to sell for half the
money he cost you,” remarked Jeff Tate.
  “ Huh! O’ course, he ain’t thet kind o’
hog. All them hogs o’ yours is good for is
fer whale bait, ham, bacon an’ lard. I know
all about ’em, fer I used ’em fer fish bait
before you was outa long dresses; but my
hog comes from Arkansaw an’ is the gini-
wine razorback, scissorbill breed, with jest
a quarter strain o’ the Californy tule-splitter
thet they use ter raise down round Tulare
Lake before it was dried up. Hogs is hogs,
mostly, nothin’ but four legged factories o’
squeals, grunts, ham, bacon, lard an’ sas-
sidges; but my hog ain’t thet kind. He
works fer his livin’ an’ don’t hev ter die ter
pay his board bill.”
  “ How come, Josh? What’s he good
for?”
  “ What’s he good fer? Hell’s bells, Jeff!
I’ve been a-givin’ thet hog lessons fer the
last six months, an’ now he’s the wise one.
He knows more about money than the
cashier o’ the First National Bank, or any
other bank. He kin tell a German mark
from a Mexican “ veeyam veekie.”* He’ll
squeal ef I show him a greenback an’ grunt
at a silver certificate or a Federal Reserve
note, but he jest whoofs at thet furrin paper
money an’ wiggles his tail, ez much ez ter
say they ain’t no good. But ef I take a
four bit piece an’ hide it in a hole in the
ground a foot deep, he’ll find it an’ dig it
up in less time than he’d scorch a feather.
  “ Las’ week I dug a six foot hole down
behind the barn an’ put a couple o’ twenty
dollar gold pieces in the bottom of it, an’
then filled the hole up an’ poured water over
it ter make it solid before I let the hog
loose, tellin’ him, ‘ Hunt it up, Spoopen-
dyke.’ He jest walked round, sniffin’ an’
gruntin’ till he got right over where they
was planted, then he stopped like a bird
dog makin’ a p’int on a bunch o' quail. I
left him thar an’ went in to supper. When
I come back nothin’ but his tail was in
sight; he’d dug himself in like the boys did
in France. I seen the hole was cavin’ in on
him, so I grabbed him by the legs an’
hauled him out. An’, Jeff, durned ef thet
hog didn’t hev the two twenties in his
jaws! ”
  “ He’s some hog, all right, Josh, but all
the same, what good is he? They ain’t
enough lard on his whole body to grease a
skillet, an’ put up in ham an’ bacon he’d
be so tough nobody could chew it. Unless
you travel with him as a circus side-show,
there ain’t no cash in him. Burying money
just to see him find it don’t leave any
profit.”
  “ Jess so! Jess so! But how about usin’
him ter find buried gold an' silver? Don’t
ye know thar’s millions an’ millions o’
treasure hid away in the ground by pirates
an’ bandits? Ter say nothin’ o’ gold placers
thet prospectors miss findin’? Why, up in
Grass Valley in Californy I knowed a man
whose hog, thet wasn’t eddicated like my
Spoopendyke, jest a plain razorback with
no eddication whatever, rooted out a solid
gold nugget wuth ten thousand dollars. I
calkalate this ’ere hog o’ mine with his ed-
dication an’ hog sense is goin’ ter help me
make a heap more’n ten thousand dollars.”
*	Bills issued during the Mexican Revolution, worth on,e or two per cent of facc value.
10	A
466
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
  “ How come, Josh? I never heard of
gold diggin’s nor hidden treasure round
here. Spuds an5 carrots are all he can root
out in Coonburg.”
  “ Thet’s so, Link; here in Coonburg the
only way to get it is to dig spuds, haul
’em over to the railroad an’ ship ’em to
St. Lewy or Chicago; an’ at thet it’s hard
grubbin’ ter root out enough ter pay yer
grocery bill an’ buy a new pair o’ brogans
—then you hain’t got enough left to get a
plug o’ tobaccy, except on tick—but this
’ere town o’ Coonburg ain’t the hull world,
not by a long shot!”
  “ Wal, with wheat at two dollars an’
spuds at one fifty a bushel, farmin’ is payin’
purty well these times,” drawled Jeff Tate.
“ Ez fer ez I’m concerned, I’d do a heap
o’ thinkin’ before goin’ off on a wild goose
chase hunting gold thet I hain’t lost, in out-
landish parts o’ the world, ez long ez the
price o’ wheat an’ spuds keeps up.”
  “ Yeah, thet’s jest like all you fellers
thet never traveled a hunderd miles from
whar you was born. You-all ain’t got no
what the highbrows call ‘ inishyative.’ Ye
jest sit round, watchin’ the hogs fatten an’
the pertaties sproutin’; an’ fer a year’s
work ye don’t get ez much gold, mebbe,
ez I, with good luck, hev picked up in a
day.”
  “ How come, Josh, that you’re runnin’
a hen ranch now, after makin’ money so
fast an’ easy?” asked Jeff Fisher.
  “ It’s ‘ Easy come, easy go,’ Jeff—thet’s
all. Ye see, I alius was of a sportin’ dispo-
sition, likin’ to take a chance; an’ I never
found thet money did me any good till I’d
blowed it in. The fun was gittin’ it an’
arterwards puttin’ it in circulation.”
  “ Josh, if you know where I can pick
up enough gold in a week to keep me going
for a year, lead me to it! I'll pack my
grip right now and we’ll start in the morn-
ing.” This from Jed Styles, ex-aviator on
the western front.
  “ Wal, Jed, I ain’t ridin’ herd on no for-
tune hunters lookin’ fer easy money, but I
was in a country once whar the sand was
mostly gold dust an’ nuggets, an’ we got
more’n a ton of it together, but it was hard,
resky trav’lin’ gittin’ in there, an’ a heap
wuss gittin’ out agen. Mebbe with a flying
machine ye could find it an’ experienced
prospectors, hogs or men, to show ye whar
the pay streak was. But it’s a mighty hard
country ter live in, I’m tellin’ you!”
  “ Just say where it is; I’m rarin’ to go,
Josh.”
  “ I ain’t advisin’ you ter go thar, Jed;
but I’ll tell ye what a bunch of us found
down in no’thern So’th Ameriky.
  “ Ye see, me an’ my partner, Barney
Murchensen, shipped on a two masted
schooner outa NyOrleans, fer a tradin’
v’y’ge to the Orinoky River. Thet was what
the skipper told us when we signed on, but
we found out different before we’d made the
round trip. Forrud o’ the galley was a
hog pen with four hogs in it. They was gini-
wine scissorbills from Arkansaw. They
wasn’t ez well bred ez my hog Spoo-
pendyke, but all the same they was good
ones, built fer speed an’ not fer bacon.
The skipper stored on ’em a heap, an’ had
’em named High, Low, Jack, Game; an’
they answered to their names all right when
he called ’em to their chow. I axed the
skipper ef he was goin’ inter the circus
business in So’th Ameriky, an’ he sez:
‘ You jest wait till we git there, an’ you’ll
see what you’ll see.’ Aft in the cabin
messin’ with the skipper an’ the mate was a
feller wearin’ blue specs with turtle shell
frames. He claimed to be the supercargo
o’ the schooner, but fer a fack, later, we
found out he was one o’ them rock sharps
lookin’ fer gold mines.
  “ Right now in my own mind I ain’t sure
whether them hogs or the rock sharp was
the big noise aboard the hooker. They
both got a heap more attention from the
skipper an’ mate than we thought they had
cornin’ to ’em.
  “ We made a quick run an when we got
to the mouth of the river we landed an’
squared ourselves with the custom house,
an’ then sailed on up the river thet was ten
miles wide at the mouth. They told us to
look out fer the cannibal Injuns thet was
on the warpath up above, but didn’t say a
word about the wild varmints we’d be likely
to run across. They left us that to find out
for ourselves; and we did.
  “ It was a free menagerie an’ circus ez
we sailed along. They was long tailed an’
JOSH STEBBINS: PROSPECTOR.
467
short tailed monkeys skippin through the
tree tops, grinnin’ an’, chatterin’ at us when
we made a tack close inshore, with ‘ jag-
gers,’ what they call them spotted tigers o’
So'th Ameriky, sneakin’ through the brush
below 'em lookin’ fer a chance to jump a
wild turkey or a deer or a man, fer thet mat-
ter, ef they could find one asleep, 'specially
them black tigers thet ’11 jump a man quick-
er'n a deer, an’ eat him too. They’re sav-
age brutes; 1 seen one in the New York
zoo, the last time I was up there. Then
alongshore alligators an’ crockodiles, reg’lar
man eaters, ez long ez saw logs, was lay in’
on the beach by dozens; overhead parrots
of all sizes was flyin’ round an' squawkin’
till it sounded like a woman's political meet-
in’ electin’ delegates. Some o’ them par-
rots wasn’t bigger’n a sparrow an’ pure
green, while others hed a tail three foot
long an’ was green, red an’ yaller, with a
voice thet sounded like a saw-filin’ shop in
full blast.
  “ In every cove an’ backwater they was
pelicans, cranes an’ plume birds by the
hunderds, an’ heaps o’ wild ducks. In one
cove was the biggest water lilies I ever laid
my eyes on—the leaves was more’n twelve
foot across an’ the flowers was six foot wide
or more.
  “ We didn’t navigate at night, but al-
ways run into some bay or backwater an’
anchored. One evenin’ we headed in fer a
cove about a hunderd an’ fifty yards wide
at its mouth, calkalatin’ to lay up fer the
night; but ez we got closer we seen they
was a log boom stretched right across it.
It was made outa mighty queer lookin’ logs
with scaly, shinin’ bark; we’d never seen
nothin’ exactly like it, so the skipper sent
me an’ Barney in the dory to take a look
at it an’ find a passage. When we got a
close up an’ seen what we seen, we rowed
back a-whoopin’.”
  “ What was it you saw, Josh?” asked
McGoogle.
  “ Why, Pat, ye see it was gittin’ dark,
so we run the bow o’ the dory right onto
the boom before we see what we was up
agenst. The dumed thing moved an’
squirmed when we struck it, an’ we seen
it was a snake thet hed six fathoms of its
tail round a coconut tree on one side o’ the
cove, with as much more of its neck an’
head belayed around a tree trunk on the
other side. He give a hiss louder’n a harbor
tug blowin’ off her bi’lers the minit we
teched him, an’ we backed water an’ lit out
fer the schooner, but not till we’d seen thet
the dumed varmint hed about a hunderd al-
ligators corraled in the bay an’ was holdin’
’em thar, while a couple of other snakes,
purty near ez big ez he was, chased them
fifteen an’ twenty foot alligators round an’
round an’ swallered ’em jest like them little
water snakes in Brown’s millpond ketch
minnies an’ eat ’em. We didn’t wait ter see
whether they changed shifts after one hed
got a bellyful, but I reckon they did.”
   “ Say, Josh, what kind of hooch did they
give you aboard that schooner?” inquired
Link Brown.
   “ Link, ef you are insinooatin’ anything,
come right out an’ say so. My well known
voracity in statements o’ scientific interest
is too well established ter be questioned by
anybody, unless he’s an agent o’ the Asso-
ciated Press. You kain’t shake my repy-
tation with insinooations.”
   “ Mr. Stebbins," interrupted the school-
master, who was an absorbed listener, “ I
wish that my class in natural history could
hear your account of the marvels of nature,
as yet unrecorded in the annals of scientific
research that you encountered in the unex-
plored wilderness on the shores of the Ori-
noco River.”
   “ Purfessor, it’s a giniwine pleasure ter
hev a liberal minded, well read man say
thet; one thet knows thet half the wonders
o’ the world ain’t been put in print, an’
ken apreciate a man thet has risked his life
an’ repytation for voracity in spreadin’ re-
liable scientific knowledge fer the good o’
the stay-at-homes, like Link sittin’ over
thar an’ grinnin’ at me.”
   “ Josh, ’twasn’t you I was grinning at. It
was that hooch hound from New York that
come out here and camped at Mike Finni-
gan’s applejack factory at the crossroads
till he got the d. t.’s, and come runnin’ up
the road yelling that a red, green, blue an’
yellow snake was after him that was forty
rods long and had a mouth wide enough
to swallow a cow without choking. I
thought mebbe he’d been down in South
468
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
America too, and had seen one of those
snakes you’ve just told us about.”
  “ All right, Link, I’ll take yer apology
fer what it’s worth. I did think it jest the
pure cussedness of human nacher stickin’
out on ye because ye’ve been plantin’ spuds
an’ drivin’ mules all yer life, an’ was jeal-
ous of me thet hez sailed the seven seas an’
seen the world a hull lot.”
  The ensuing deep silence was broken by
the schoolmaster’s inquiry: “ Was the dis-
covery of the existence of those huge ser-
pents the only important addition to our
knowledge of natural history that you made
while in South America, Mr. Stebbins?”
  “ You’re jest a-shoutin’ it warn’t—not in
comparison with what we found farther up
the river, thet I was goin’ to tell ye about
when Link butted in an’ interrupted me.”
  “ Never mind me, Josh,” said Link. “ Go
on with your rat killing; we’re all listen-
ing.”
  “ What I can’t see is what good was they
in exportin’ scissorbill*hogs to South Amer-
iky. Ain’t they got no decent breed of hogs
down there?” asked Jeff Tate.
  “ Wal, we found that the skipper was
countin’ on the hogs an’ Cap’n Bunkum,
the rock sharp, to make the v’y’ge a payin’
proposition, an’ they did—part o’ the hogs
did, anyhow. Ye see them big snakes made
us fight shy o’ thet part o’ the country, so
we kept goin’ up stream till it got so shaller
that we grounded on a sandbar an’ found
there was a forty foot fall a mile farther
up the river. We pulled her off the bar an’
anchored close to the bank, makin’ a camp
under some coconut trees. We could see the
tops of snow covered mountains off to the
west thet I reckon must ’a’ been the Andes,
while all around us was heavy jungle with
some cricks runnin’ through it under the
brush.
  “We hedn’t fairly got settled before
them cannibal Injuns we’d been told about
come out of the woods ter make us a visit.
The chief was all dressed up in a plug hat
an’ a stand-up collar, with a gee string
round his waist an’ a pair o’ spurs on his
heels thet was always ketchin’ in the brush
an’ trippin’ him up. I guess he only wore
’em on state occasions. Outside of what
I’ve mentioned, he was clothed in his na-
tive innercence an’ dignity. The rest of
his bunch jest wore a gee string an’ a coat
of red, green an’ blue paint in stripes like
a barber pole.”
  “ Were these untutored children of na-
ture actual cannibals who reveled in feast-
ing on human flesh?” asked the school-
master.
  “ Wal, no, not ez a reglar everyday dish;
it was a kinda extra, jest like we hev roast
turkey on Thanksgivin’ an’ Christmas, or
on a birthday or christenin’. After I’d give
the chief a lookin’ glass, a Waterbury
watch, an’ a plug o’ terbaccy, we got quite
chummy, an’ held a long powwow. He sed
they lived on monkeys, fish, an’ wild tur-
keys, mostly, ez they was easiest to ketch
an’ more digestible than some o’ the hu-
mans thet he’d tasted. Once, he told me,
they killed a hull gang of prospectors, an’
hed a big barbacue, an’ invited all their
neighbors to the spread, an’ after it was
over he lost five outa seven of his mothers-
in-law, an’ the two survivors had had
chronic dyspepsy ever since. He said they
was done to a turn, but was so soaked up
with rum an’ tobaccer thet they was very
indigestible’ an’ his medicine man got
plumb worn out curin’ the sick the week
arter the barbacue. Since then they’d only
got three or four missionaries thet was fat
an’ tender an’ made good eatin’. I seen
him sizin’ up the rock sharp an’ got leery
thet he took him for a missionary on ac-
count of his horn specs, an’ thought he
might go good stuffed with green bananas
an’ roasted in a hole in the ground with hot
stones, like in these new-fangled fireless
cookers. I knowed thet Barney an’ me
was in no danger; our bad habits bein’ ez
good ez a paid-up life insurance policy, but
I wouldn’t cared to hev stood in Cap’n
Bunkum’s shoes—not in thet neck o’
the woods.
  “ Arter the skipper hed made a treaty
with the Injuns, an’ clinched it by givin’
’em a lot of lookin’ glasses, beads, butcher
knives an’ sech, he started us out prospec-
tin’ fer gold. He give us a prospectin’ pan
an’ a hog apiece to me an’ Barney, an’ two
hogs to Cap’n Bunkum, he bein’ supposed
to know more about gold huntin’ than we
did, bein’ a college bred man with a dy-
JOSH STEBBINS: PROSPECTOR.
469
plomy ez mining engineer. In the deal I
drawed the hog named ‘ High,’ an’ Barney
drew ‘ Low,’ while Cap’n Bunkum hed
‘ Jack ’ an’ ‘ Game.’
  “ The skipper told us them hogs was
broke to hunt an’ root fer gold in the brush,
jest ez hard ez any Wall Street curb op-
erator, an’ they sure was ez well broke ez
bird dogs. We told ’em to go an’ hunt fer
it along a crik back in the timber; they
hedn’t worked very long before Low give
a squeal, trottin’ up to Barney with a fifty-
dollar nugget in his jaws, an’ dropped it
at his feet. Business picked up right away,
for in a little High rooted out a two-ounce
nugget an’ brought it to me. Then we
started panning the crik, an’ by sundown
hed more dust an’ nuggets than we could
pack. We cached most of it, takin’ jest
enough back with us to show we’d found
pay diggin’s.
  “ Cap’n Bunkum went with his two hogs
across the river to the west, an’ come in
arter sunset feelin’ fine. Both of his hogs
hed bloody noses, an’ he sed they’d blood-
ied ’em rootin’ at a ledge of white hard
quartz thet hed a vein of solid gold in it
two inches wide. He was ez proud ez a
hound pup with his tail painted sky blue,
an’ hed the skipper all worked up, tellin’
him how with a twenty stamp mill an’ some
Burleigh air drills he could turn out a mil-
lyun dollars a week, an’ wanted to start
right off fer New York fer to organize a
stock company with seven millyuns capital.
  “ Bamey an’ me said nothin’ much, but
jest laid low. Fellers, our placer claim was
payin’ big! A full pan o’ the gravel was
too heavy to lift, it was so full o’ gold in
dust an’ nuggets. We tied up our hogs
so’s they wouldn’t wander off an’ find an-
other pay streak before this one was cleaned
up. One day they did git loose while we
was so busy washin’ gravel we didn’t know
it, till we heard ’em squealin’ ez ef they
was bein’ killed, way up the crik on ground
we hadn’t prospected. We dropped our
pans an’ went on the run to see what hed
happened. We met ’em. cornin’ through
the brush hellity split, with a big yaller
eel eight or ten feet long hangin’ on
their tails. What got my goat was thet
the hogs was pure black when we tied ’em
up, an’ now they was a golden yaller. I
grabbed one o’ the eels by the tail ez they
come by, an’ before my hand slipped off I
got a shock thet knocked me end over end
ag’in’ a stump; when I picked myself up
an’ rubbed the dirt outa my eyes, there
was Barney doin’ the same.
  “ ‘ What hit us, Barney?’ I sez.
   “ ‘ It was them travelin’ storage batteries
thet had a hold o’ the hogs’ tails. Ain't
you never heard of the electric eels they is
in So’th Ameriky?’ he sez.
   “ ‘ No, I hain’t,’ I sez.
  “ • That’s them,’ he sez, rubbin’ a lump
on the back of his head, where he’d hit a
rock ez he fell. ‘ This crik is full of ’em,
I reckon.’
  “ By the time we’d finished comparin’
notes on our bumps an’ scratches, them eels
hed let go their holt on the hogs an’ slipped
inter the crik agen, while them educated
pigs, after havin’ hed the first big scare o’
their young an’ joyous life, was restin’ up
in the shade. We went to take a look at
’em, an’, boys, jest ez sure ez thet the Lord
made little green, sour apples, them hogs
was gold plated, the yaller we’d noticed on
’em bein’ pure gold plate.
  “ We quit work right there, an’ went up
the crik to find out what kind of a gold-
platin’ plant them hogs hed fallen into.
Up the crik, a half mile or so, we come to
its head waters where it bust out of a ledge
of rotten white quartz, an’ we seen ihet
was the bonanza thet was makin’ us
millyunares. Ye see, the freshets hed
washed out the gold dust an’ nuggets, car-
rvin’ ’em down to where we was pannin’
’em out, but a lot of chloride of gold, thet
will dissolve in water, was still in the rock,
an’ every time it rained good an’ hard the
crik was full of chloride thet hed soaked
out of the ledge. So, nacherly, the big
hole at the foot o’ the ledge was nothin’
but a tank of chloride of gold in solution,
an’ besides was full o’ the dumed electric
eels. When the hogs found the place it
was purty hot, an’ they laid down in the
tank to cool off; the eels seein’ their tails
wigglin’, took ’em for fish-worms an’ bit.
Ez the hogs felt ’em an’ give a jump an’
squeal, the eels let loose a charge of elec-
tricity outa their storage batteries thet pre-
470
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
cipitated the chloride in the shape of pure
gold on the hogs, electroplatin’ em ez good
ez ef it hed been done in a reg’lar shop.
  “ It looks like you an’ your partners had
got High, Low, Jack, Game, an’ had the
world by the tail with a down hill pull,”
remarked Jeff Fisher.
    Thet’s what we thought, Jeff, but the
good book sez ‘ Man purposes, but the Lord
disposes,’ so ye never ken tell. We set
down an’ lit our pipes in the shade of a big
tree by the side o’ the tank. I sez to Bar-
ney, ‘ Partner, arter all this dust an’ nug-
gets is changed inter double eagles an’ gold
notes, an’ we get our share packed away,
what say ef we take a personally conducted
pasear to Yurrup, like the schoolma’ms an’
millyunares do every summer? We’ve been
on the city front o’ most o’ the ports o’ the
world, from New York, NyOrleans, an’
Boston to Sydney, Singapore, an’ Shanghai,
an’ know most o’ the mainers happy har-
bors an’ boardin’ houses o’ the seven seas,
hevin’ been shanghaied outa several of ’em.
Now, ez we’re rich, we oughter travel in
style, like our feller millyunares.’
  “ ‘ We ain’t millyunares yet, Josh,’ he
sez. 1 What we got here ain’t worth ten
cents a ton, where it is, an’ we’ve got to
git it out to where we ken turn it inter
hard cash, an’ that’s no fool of a job. An’
besides, you an’ me ain’ built right to live
like millyunares. I tried it once when I’d
been jest paid off, an’ made a killin’ at
poker. I went inter Sherry’s, on Broad-
way, an’ when the waiter come, to show
thet I was no piker, I ordered ten dollars’
woth o’ ham an’ eggs, five dollars worth
o’ stewed tripe, with biled spuds an’ a
dozen bottles o’ champagne. He looked
at me wild eyed, an’ called up the police
over the phone, tellin’ ’em they was a
crazy man in the house thet oughta be in
Bellevue!’
  “ Ez he was talkin’ I looked over to the
so’th where a big black cloud showed up.
The lower pint of it was touchin’ the tree
tops, and up above it spread out wide till
it looked like a black toadstool, an’ was
whirlin’ round an’ round like one o’ them
whirlin’ dervishes thet travel with the cir-
cuses, dancin’ on his head. I could hear
a roarin’ sound in the air, an’ the monkeys
in the trees was screamin’ with the bull al-
ligators in the river bellerin’, an’ spotted
•tigers roarin’, frightened like. A couple of
black tigers passed close to us on the run,
payin’ no attention to us. ‘ Looka there,
Barney,’ I sez, interruptin’ him. ‘ Fer the
luvva Mike! What’s thet black cloud goin’
ter do to us?’ He looked up an’ sez: ‘ It’s
one o’ them hurrycanes they have in these
latitudes, an’ it’s cornin’ straight for us.
If it ketches us our names will be Dennis
J. Mud—grab the tree trunk an’ hold
tight!’
   “ It hit us with a roar louder’n a thou-
sand cannon, yankin’ the tree up by the
roots thet we was holdin’ onto. I was
scared stiff, an’ knowed nothin’ after we
went sailin’ up in the air till I come to the
next mornin’. We was adrift in the tree top,
outa sight o’ land, with three o’ them howl-
er monkeys an’ a spotted tiger for ship-
mates; they was so scared thet they was
ez harmless ez guinea pigs, never even
showing their teeth at us.
  “ The tree we was adrift on happened
ter be a wild fig tree, with plenty of fruit,
an’ the water, though we was outa sight o’
land, was only a leetle brackish, ez we was
off the mouth o’ the Orinoky, whose sweet
water freshens up the salt water fifty miles
out at sea, jest like the Amazon River does.
   “ After driftin’ for three days, a coaster,
bound fer Pernambuco, sighted us an’ took
us aboard, also the monkeys; they shot the
tiger an’ took his hide to pay our passage,
seein’ we didn’t have a cent. We never
heerd what luck the schooner Falling Star
an’ her crew hed, but ef the hurrycane
didn’t git ’em, I’ll bet the cannibal chief
got Cap’n Bunkum anyhow. Barney an’
me ain’t never gone back to salvage the
gold we hed cached, but I trained my hog
Spoopendyke ez good ez them four we hed
on the schooner—High, Low, Jack, Game
—an’ ef you want to go, Jed, I’ll lend him
to ye, an’ a map o’ the country, on a fifty-
fifty layout. What d’ye say?”
   Jed laughed.
  “ Josh, if I can get hold of a bomber
with a big tank for gasoline, and some
depth bombs, I may take you up, but those
snakes you saw down there make me
mighty leery of the Orinoco country.”
By MAXWELL SMITH
     700DRUFF’S thoughts were far
\\/ from Hurley and that long distant
▼ y day when Hurley had killed. Not
that he could ever completely forget Hurley
and the score which remained unsettled;
no. But it was all so long ago, the likeli-
hood of ever again encountering Hurley was
so remote that the killer had become only
a dim figure on a page which might as well
be counted closed. Like Woodruff’s rude
boyhood in the Carolina mountains when
the future had held for him no more than a
scraping, toiling, grubby, fruitless existence,
the memory of Hurley, belonging to that
same period, had become misted and almost
to the same extent outgrown.
 The years had brought a different sort
of life to Woodruff. Coming out of the
mountains to run down and kill Hurley
for having killed, he had failed in that pur-
pose; but he had found emancipation from
the narrow sordidness into which he had
been bom and in which, but for that vain
quest for Hurley, he would have passed all
his years, sunken into that state of dumb
resignation which the back country inevi-
tably bred in its sons. The cities to which
he had wandered in his aimless man hunt
had shown him his benightedness and
roused some latent ambition within him.
  When the red blaze of his vengeance cry
had spent its first fury, realization of the
vastness of the land in which he had pre-
sumed to search for Hurley had brought also
realization of the hopelessness of his mis-
sion. Contact with the people of this outer
world, whom he had been taught to dis-
trust as all strangers to the mountains were
to be distrusted, had then opened up an
amazing and unsuspected horizon and wid-
ened his eyes to the poverty of the life to
which, but for the ruthless murder of his
kin, he had been foredoomed. Still youth-
ful enough to retain a thread of stifled
vision he had applied himself to learn the
ways of the city and grasp its opportunities
rather than return to the murky barrenness
of the hills in whose confines he had been
471
472
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
circumscribed by his own ignorance. So
the old life had faded, slowly at first and
then more quickly as the strangeness of the
new wore off and he won success in it. And
with the old life had faded the memory of
Hurley and the hope that some time, some-
where, he would at length come up with his
lost quarry; the world was too big, its
people too many.
  Thus Hurley was far from his thoughts
when with an unexpectedness that was vio-
lent, an abruptness that was disconcerting,
the killer stood before him! The span of
seventeen years was rolled back, swept pas-
sionately away as though it never had been!
Hurley was within his reach—a step away!
He had but to put out his hand and Hurley
was his! Within an instant of time he could
exact payment for the two lives which Hur-
ley had taken! A shot, and the utmost that
Hurley had to give would be extorted—the
life he had saved by flight seventeen years
ago.
  The veneer of the city, of civilization,
dropped from Woodruff like a cloak. The
hatred and purpose which had lain dormant
throughout the softening years flamed high
again. The picture of his dead rose stark
and commanding—the bodies of his only
near kin, his brother and his brother’s bride
of a week, lying by the roadside, shot from
ambush with never a chance for their lives.
Hurley had done that in mad fury over
having been bested in love and beaten, too,
with the fists of his rival for having ir. his
rancorous jealousy offered insult to the girl.
Hurley, skulking behind a clump of rocks,
had waited for them to pass that way, their
vigilance relaxed in the happiness they had
found in each other—Hurley who now at
last was delivered to him!
  Blood surging, he reverted to the primi-
tive, became again the mountaineer who be-
lieved it his right and his duty to avenge
the killing and uphold the honor of his
house. It was for him alone to demand and
receive the penalty. The law had had its
chance, but had failed; the law of the courts
which the hill folk tolerated when its in-
trusion could not be avoided, but which
they would not recognize as the last word.
A quarrel of any kind was a man’s own
business; it should rest with him to balance
his own ledger. When blood was spilled
and life taken it was his right to spill blood
and take life in return. Seventeen years
ago Woodruff would have shot on sight.
Time had not altered his claim to ven-
geance. To-day was as seventeen years
ago! His hand slipped to the pistol on his
hip!
  But as his fingers closed on the weapon
some one jostled him and so recalled him
to consciousness of his surroundings. Be-
neath his feet was the ceaseless murmur of
the subway from which he had just
emerged. An endless stream of automobiles
was rolling by, honking, hurrying. More
people, it seemed, were about him, rubbing
elbows with him, than populated the whole
of his native mountains. This wasn’t the
hills where feudal law was the rule and
found sympathy! This was Broadway and
One Hundred and Forty-Fifth Street, New
York City!
  Woodruff’s hand left his pistol as his
thoughts jarred back to where they had
been when Hurley crossed his vision. He
had been thinking of those who awaited his
coming in the cozy apartment four blocks
farther up Broadway; of the wife and two
children who made for him a home such as
he never dreamed of when the thirst for
vengeance drew him out of the monotonous
drudgery and soul-killing darkness that had
been his lot, into this fairer environment to
which he had raised himself and found all
to his liking. He had been thinking of
home and, in happy conjunction, of the
stroke of business he had completed to-
night ; of how the generous commission just
earned would bring him and his nearer to
their goal—a real home of their own in the
suburbs with a bit of land big enough for a
real garden and a handful of fruit trees.
He had been dwelling so buoyantly on how
good life was to him when—Hurley!
  Hurley had not yet seen him. Standing
at the curb the killer was giving all his at-
tention to the passing automobiles, appar-
ently on the lookout for some one. There
was an air of impatience about him, a re-
flection almost of nervousness in the quick
puffing of his cigarette and the darting mo-
tions of the hand with which he repeatedly
raised it to his lips. When two policemen
OX BROADWAY.
478
paused on the corner he turned and saun-
tered away from them toward One Hundred
and Forty-Sixth Street.
  A couple of paces behind, Woodruff fell
into step while he struggled with his prob-
lem. Under the mountain code he was in
duty bound to kill Hurley. He was not
afraid to do that, not afraid of such con-
sequences as might affect himself. But an-
other duty confronted him; others would
be affected. He was in New' York now
where only the law of the courts prevailed.
If he were to kill Hurley as Hurley should
be killed, like a dog, he would go to the
death chair. No one here would understand
or admit that his deed was dictated by right
and justice. It would make no difference
that Hurley had but paid the penalty for his
own act. In the eyes of the law' he—
Woodruff—would be no better than the
hired gunman who from some dark lurking
place shoots his victim in the back. They
would brand him murderer though in truth
he had but served as executioner. They
would electrocute him and—
  What then of his wife, and children?
Should they be outweighed by the dead?
Where lay his foremost duty? To keep
faith with the dead or with the living?
To carry out the vow made over the bodies
of his murdered kin or that other vow to
cherish and protect above all else the woman
whose life was joined with his?
  Woodruff hung back irresolutely, shrink-
ing into a doorway when Hurley halted and
resumed watching the passing cars. The
temptation was strong to go his way, forget-
ting this glimpse of Hurley, convincing him-
self that he had been for the moment mis-
led by a fancied resemblance. The killing
had been done so long ago—long. And
Hurley had been acquitted—that had to be
considered, too. The law had pronounced
him not guilty. Perhaps he hadn’t—
  Woodruff moistened his dry lips and
swore softly. That line of thought was
cowardly; it was amply trying to find a
way out, making excuses for evading a duty
which could not honorably be evaded. He
was not mistaken in his identification. That
was Hurley over there, just across the side-
walk; harder of face, and bearing himself
now as a creature of the city, but unmis-
takably Hurley, the killer whom fate had
given seventeen years of life to which he
had not been entitled. For Hurley was un-
deniably guilty. He had been acquitted—
yes, but on a lying alibi and by a jury of
his friends, without any real effort to con-
vict being made by a prosecutor who owed
favor to the Hurley clan. His flight alone
had been a confession of guilt. He had
been afraid to stay and face the righteous
vengeance of the last of the Woodruffs;
afraid to stay and shoot it out man to man.
  Between the living and the dead! Wood-
ruff knew that he must choose; and quickly.
He must know his mind before Hurley
moved on again, lest he yield momentarily
to the temptation to let him go and later
regret.
  But it was hard. Keeping faith with
the dead would mean breaking faith with
the living. If by killing Hurley he con-
demned himself to the electric chair he
would be abandoning the woman he had
sworn to guard and shelter as surely as
though he had walked out of her life with-
out a w'ord. He would be abandoning her
and their children, bringing them heart-
ache and shame and robbing them of a fu-
ture which was now alight with happiness.
  And what if he should break faith with
the dead? Who then would suffer? No-
body! None but himself in his secret heart
when roweled by the memory of how he
had failed in a sacred duty; how he had
foresworn the vengeance that was due to
his dead. He couldn’t cheat his dead like
that, for always he would know that in do-
ing so he had been actuated by selfish mo-
tive; he would know that coupled with
his concern for his wife and children had
been his own desire to live on. He did
not want to die, to throw his life away.
Yet he could see no way out. There stood
the man who had murdered a Woodruff
and that Woodruff’s bride. That man’s
death was seventeen years overdue. He
must die—now!
  Still within the doorway, his movements
unnoticed by the people constantly passing
by. Woodruff drew his gun. Folding his
arms, he concealed it in the crook of an el-
bow and waited for the sidewalk to show
clear between him and Hurley. He had no
474
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
fear of missing. His hand was steady,
his eye sure.
  Minutes dragged, but always there was
somebody within his line of fire. Then
when a fair and unobstructed target pre-
sented itself his finger refused to come down
on the trigger. While be tried to force
himself to shoot treacherously, unseen, as
Hurley had shot and killed, the opportunity
was lost as the passers-by again intervened.
He didn’t wait for another opening. Even
a cur was entitled to a show. He’d give
Hurley his chance. Besides, he wanted
Hurley to know where death was coming
from, to know what vengeance had over-
taken him.
  Putting his pistol in his coat pocket,
Woodruff stepped over and touched the
killer on the shoulder.
   Hurley jumped, whirled, the cigarette fly-
ing from his hand as his arm snapped down-
ward with tensing muscles.
  “ I’m giving you an even break, Hurley,”
said Woodruff’quietly. “Grab for your
gun! I’m going after mine! Quick!”
  Hurley sucked in his breath audibly and
his eyes dilated. He was startled—but he
kept his head. His recognition of Wood-
ruff was instant. And, knowing his man,
he played the surest way of prolonging his
life. Instead of obeying the command to
go after a gun he brought his hands up be-
fore him, letting them hang limp at the level
of his waist.
  “ I’ve got no gun,” he returned, also
quietly, gambling to the limit that Woodruff
wouldn’t shoot unless certain that he was
armed. The Woodruffs always had been
foolish thataway; which was the main rea-
son that their line had all but died out
while others less worthy and less scrupulous
survived.
  “ I’M give you ten seconds!” said Wood-
ruff stonily.
  “You’re wasting ’em!” Hurley’s sur-
prise was over and, while shaken and fear-
ful, he had a hold on his nerve. He had to
keep that to bluff this out.
  His narrowed eyes were on Woodruff’s
hands, alert for the slightest move toward
a gun. In anticipation of that he poised
ready to leap sidewise and interpose some
hapless pedestrian as a barrier—while he
went after his own gun! But fervently he
hoped that wouldn't be necessary; that he
could back out of the jam without a violent
clash. He couldn’t afford to get tangled
up right now. He had—a date!
   “ I’ve got no gun,” he repeated, his hands
still dangling. “ Go ahead and shoot if
you’re going to before folks get to noticing
that you’re sticking me up! You gone
crazy, Jim—or -what?” He smiled thinly as
the other made no move. “ This ain’t back
home. Folks don’t go running around
Broadw'ay making gunplay!”
  Woodruff studied him coldly, noting the
crafty malevolence in the slitted, wary eyes.
He didn't believe that his enemy was un-
armed. In the old days, even as a boy,
Hurley had been hard, shiftless, bad; a
gun toter ever ready to draw—when the ad-
vantage was with him. He was harder
now, with a shifty tightness about his face,
flat, colorless complexion, and a fidgety
bravo twitch to his shoulders. His voice
added to the furtive effect, coming toneless
from thin, close moving lips. He was well
enough dressed, but in a drab way which
somehow did not bespeak prosperity in
places where shone the full light of day.
What had he been doing all these years,
Woodruff wondered? The State of Pennsyl-
vania could have explained his occupation
during four years that he had been its guest
on account of a matter of highway robbery!
   “ You’ll be gathering a crowd in a minute,
sticking me up like this,” gibed Hurley,
emboldened by Woodruff’s inactivity and
silence. “If you’re going to start some-
thing, go to it and get it over with.” .
  “ I’m not sticking you up. I’m giving
you a chance to draw—and I’m getting tired
waiting.”
  “ I’ve got nothing to draw—”
  “ I’m waiting,” repeated Woodruff dis-
passionately. “ Better think again. You’ve
got a gun, Hurley. Go after it!”
  A spasm of fear drove Hurley close to
panic. His fingers contracted, itching to
pull his gun in a desperate effort to gain
the advantage. But he controlled himself.
That would be suicidal, whether he got
Woodruff or Woodruff got him. Even if he
were to dart into the traffic and escape being
shot he was scheduled to come to grief.
ON BROADWAY.
475
Some one would be sure to grab him as a
principal in the commotion; there were al-
ways half a dozen cops scattered around
this comer. With a gun on him and a
prison record, he’d go up the river for all the
time that could possibly be hung on him.
He couldn’t let himself get snarled up that
way; not if he could help it. He had to
find a middle course, carry on his bluff and
break away without a blow-off. And he
must get away soon; he had that date to
keep.
  “ We’ll go round the corner,” said Wood-
ruff, “ where we’ll be less likely to hit any-
body else. While we walk you can make up
your mind whether you’re going to get
your gun or have me shoot you ”—his voice
lashed for the moment as he sought to goad
Hurley to action—“ like a skunk—you
dirty, murdering skunk!”
  Hurley was watching his step too care-
fully to be led into any disastrous motion.
He decided that his only play was to bank
heavily on the belief that so long as he
did not draw a gun Woodruff would not
shoot.
  “ Sure!” he jeered. “ Sure, I’m going to
walk along nice and tame till we get to a
nice quiet place where you can plug me and
be on your way! Sure, I will—like hell!
Say, let me tell you something. There’s
two cops coming up right behind you. All
I’ve got to do is yell and—”
  “ Don’t!”
  “—they’ll take you before you can turn
around,” finished Hurley, grinning with in-
spiration as the taxi he had been waiting
for slid to a stop six feet away. With a
glance at the driver he went on rapidly to
Woodruff: “ Maybe you don’t know it, but
there’s a law up here against toting guns.
Just for having one on you they can shove
you away for about five years. That’s you!
With them cops stepping on your heels I
can take a chance and yell and whether you
plug me or not they’ll get you. And you
go up,” he emphasized, “ just for having
the gun on you. Me—there’s nothing on
me. But they’ll tack on some more years
for you when they hear how you stuck me
up and threatened to kill me.”
  With that and before Woodruff could re-
ply, Hurley made his big flourish. Raising
himself to his full height he cocked his head
and spoke over Woodruff’s shoulder—to the
policeman:
  “ Oh, officer! Have you got the right
time?”
  Glancing sidewise, Woodruff found the
two officers hesitating at his side while one
of them looked at his watch.
  “ Ten forty,” said the cop.
  “ Thanks,” said Hurley—and the direc-
tion of his voice made Woodruff swing back
to face him.
  Hurley was no longer where he had been!
He was stepping into the taxi! The driver,
with motor already running, was slipping
in his clutch. Hurley muttered an order
and the car crawled.
  “ Officer!” he called again.
  The policeman, a bare step beyond
Woodruff, halted inquiringly.
  Hurley leaned out of the cab, a hand out-
stretched.
  “ A cigar,” he smiled.
  “ Thanks,” nodded the cop, taking the
folded dollar bill as the car slid past.
  His right hand darting to his gun W’ood-
ruff took a quick step, reaching out his left
hand to haul himself aboard the taxi.
  “ So-long, Jim!” said Hurley with an ap-
parently friendly wave as he perched on
the edge of the seat ready to drop to the
floor at first sight of the avenging gun.
“ See you later, Jim! Take good care of
yourself.”
  Out of the tail of his eye Woodruff ob-
served the policeman still standing by, prac-
tically at his elbow—watching him, he
thought. The hand on his gun stiffened as
he realized that they probably would fell
him before he could draw. It would be
madness to try for Hurley now. The best
he could attempt would be a shot from his
pocket—and the chances against register-
ing with that were a hundred to one. There
was no chance at all that it would find a
fatal spot.
  Checking his stride, he stood watching
Hurley’s taunting grin showing cautiously
through the rear window as the taxi rushed
into speed and crowded into the tide of
northbound traffic.
  A blinding rage misted Woodruff’s eyes,
the fury of self-condemnation, rage over his
476
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
failure and the selfish weakness which he
told himself had been responsible for it.
He had broken faith with his murdered dead
because he had been afraid to sacrifice his
own softened existence. He had thrown
away his honor, besmirched the honor of his
clan, not one of whom had ever before failed
to fight his fight or exact whatever justice
demanded. The blood of his kin had called
to him and he had been found wanting.
  What mattered it that this was Broad-
way, New York,, and not the mountains
where a man was expected to uphold his
own? Hurley had been armed; that was
sure. Why, then, hadn’t he drawn on Hur-
ley and forced him to defend himself or die
like the dog he was? Seventeen years ago
he would have done that. Why hadn’t he
done it to-night? Because now he was but
a putty man with the guts taken out of
him by the ease and comforts of the city!
Because a woman and two children were
waiting for him a couple of hundred yards
up street! Because he wanted to be with
them and not in a cell that was the be-
ginning of the road to the death house at
Sing Sing!
  He flayed himself. Back in the moun-
tains would he have stopped to consider a
wife and children when blood cried for ven-
geance? He would not have found it neces-
sary to consider them. They—a mountain
wife and mountain children—would have
been first to urge him to his duty; and first
to despise him for such a failure as he had
written down to-night.
  A putty man with a putty wife and putty
children!
  No—that was unfair! He snapped up
his thoughts, cleared the mist from his eyes.
His wife and children had nothing to do
with his—cowardice! Cowardice—he called
it that. They were not of the mountains.
They couldn’t understand—couldn’t be ex-
pected to understand.
  And yet—what would his wife say if he
were to tell her that he had let the mur-
derer of his brother and sister-in-law get
away from him unscathed, mocking? If he
were to tell her that when at last it had
come within his power to keep the pledge
to his dead brother he had vacillated and
dodged so that it remained unfulfilled?
  What would she say? Would she preach
that it was not for him to take the law
into his own hands? That he must respect
the verdict of the lying jury which on lying
testimony had declared Hurley not guilty?
Or would she despise him as would a wife
from among his own people—the hill people
from whom he had grown so very far apart?
She might—might—
  In mental turmoil he walked on up
Broadway past the apartment for which he
had been so eagerly bound when he emerged
from the subway and ran into Hurley. He
didn’t want to talk with any one just now.
He wanted to be alone with his self-loathing.
He had let Hurley escape for the second
time after it had taken seventeen years to
come up with him. Hurley would put such
distance between them that they would not
meet again in seven and seventy years.
II.
  “ That,” said Hurley, recapturing his
breath as he let down the front window of
the cab and addressed the driver, “ was
what I call one hell of a tight hole. The
goat I was talking with there, Mike, was all
steamed up to plug me for good and keeps.”
“ Yeah?” commented Mike listlessly,
bucking his car into a space which seemed
inadequate between two others.
  “ Yeh!” Went on Hurley. “ And I guess
he’d’ve done it and busted our party all to
nothing if them cops hadn’t happened along.
He hadn’t another thought in his head but.
Turn a couple of somersets, Mike, and daz-
zle him. Maybe he’s chugging along in an-
other bus. Shove over to Amsterdam.”
  As Mike proceeded to turn a couple of
“ somersets ” by cutting over One Hun-
dred and Forty-Seventh Street to Amster-
dam Avenue, he spoke out of his wisdom:
“ On’y a cuckoo ’d go slingin’ a cannon
in the middle of Broadway. He was kiddin’
you, Steve. What’s his peeve, anyhow?”
Looking backward as they spurted
through the long block to the avenue, and
seeing that there was no pursuit, Hurley
chuckled.
  “ The middle of Broadway don’t mean a
thing to him, Mike. He's had his mind
made up for so long he’d just as soon do
ON BROADWAY.
477
his stuff on me in the middle of Times
Square at noontime. Shove down Amster-
dam, Mike, and turn around a couple of
times and then hit up Broadway again.
Don’t step too hard—there’s nobody trail-
ing.”
  “ What’s his peeve, anyhow?” inquired
Mike again.
  “ He lost a brother one time,” laughed
Hurley, “ and thinks maybe it was me mis-
laid him. I’d’ve mislaid this damn fool the
same way,” he snarled, “ only I couldn’t
seem to get a shot at him. Let me out a
couple of blocks from the job, Mike, then
you shove on and get set. Right?”
  “ Yeah,” said Mike. “ You’ll make it
snappy, huh? I’m gettin’ leary of this bus.
I thought surely we’d be all through by
now.”
 “ Pretty soon,” promised Hurley.
“ Where’d you lift it? Down town?”
  “ Uh-huh.”
  “ We got all night,” Hurley disposed of
the danger of being caught with the stolen
car. “ Ain’t there five—ten thousand like it
in town?”
III.
  Walking aimlessly, head bent with his
scalding thoughts, Woodruff went on down
the gloomy stretch where Broadway dips
through Trinity Cemetery. He wasn’t
looking where he was going—didn’t care.
All he craved was another chance at Hur-
ley. Given it, he wouldn’t fumble. He
wouldn’t indulge in any maudlin chivalry
another time—wouldn’t place the killer on
equal footing by warning him to draw.
He’d shoot on sight—and if he didn’t
shoot straight Hurley then would have his
chance.
  Another time! He grimaced scornfully
over his valiant decision. ATiat good was
that now? He should have reached it half
an hour ago when he had Hurley at his
mercy. What hope was there of ever again
seeing Hurley?
  Passing One Hundred and Fifty-Sixth
Street, just beyond the cemetery, his steps,
turned toward the quiet, unpopulated upper
reaches of Riverside Drive which there
loops almost into Broadway. Without re-
gard to traffic he stepped off the curb.
  “ Say, you dumb-bell, where’n ’ell d’you
think y’re headin’?”
  The harsh query, mingling with a grind-
ing of brakes and followed by a string of
oaths, made him look at the taxi which had
so precipitously halted a foot behind him.
  Heedless of the driver’s abuse, he was
going on when something which he had not
consciously registered flashed in his brain.
The license number on this car was the
number of the one that had borne Hurley,
jeering, away from him! He didn’t know
how he knew this—had no recollection of
having noted the simple three-figure num-
ber—but he knew! This was the car! Here
was the man who could give him trace of
Hurley!
  He was staring, grasping the fact, con-
vincing himself of its verity, when the driver
broke out cursing him afresh.
  “ You gonna get t’ell outa the way, or
have I gotta ride over you? Get on the
walk, you bum, outa me way. I’m in a rush
—see?”
  Woodruff returned to the sidewalk, but
though the taxi came to rest finally only
twenty feet farther on, he did not inquire
about Hurley. The feeling was on him
that Hurley was near by! Hurley had not
picked up this taxi at random when he made
his escape. It had been there to meet him
at One Hundred and Forty-Sixth Street.
And here it was, waiting again—for Hur-
ley!
  Thirty feet past the cab, at the corner
of One Hundred and Fifty-Seventh Street,
was a subway kiosk. Cold and deadly, one-
minded now, Woodruff sought its shelter,
watching with his hand on his gun. He
was irrevocably committed to his task. The
mountain code ruled him, to the exclusion
of thought for his wife and children. They
wouldn’t be penniless; there was seven
thousand dollars; the money had been laid
away to buy the house in the suburbs. He
steeled himself to the loss of them, to forget
them. He must keep that faith which he
had once broken w'ith his dead.
  As the seconds ticked by, each age-long,
he gauged the possibilities of getting away.
He’d do that, of course, if he could without
using his gun on any one else. Morally,
the law had no claim on him; he had the
478
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
right to kill Hurley. The law itself would
have taken Hurley’s life if he had been
properly prosecuted and the jury had not
been virtually of his own selection. His
death would be merely the accomplishment
of what the law had failed to do. It would
be simple justice.
  After killing Hurley he would try to get
away, yes—but since he would not use his
gun on those who might stop him, the odds
were all against him. There were few
people on the streets at that hour, past
eleven o’clock, but enough to herd him in.
Most probably the policeman idling across
the street would stop him with a bullet!
That—yes—would be better than going to
the chair. He would strike a course that
would carry him up against the policeman’s
gun!
  His attention was taken by the taxi
driver leaning far out of his seat to look
backward toward One Hundred and Fifty-
Sixth Street. Settling back into his place,
the driver draped his hands over the steering
wheel with a casualness which to Woodruff’s
interested gaze seemed studied and not quite
natural. Although at that distance the
man’s eyes could not be seen, the watcher
sensed that they were flickeringly alive to
both the occasional pedestrians on one side
of him and the machines passing on the
other. And—his engine was running!
  Then Hurley appeared, walking briskly
from One Hundred and Fifty-Sixth Street!
Halfway down the short block, close to the
buildings as he was, he stood out as a good
target against the lighted windows of a
lunch room.
  Woodruff started to ease the gun from
his pocket. A few more steps and Hurley
would cut across the sidewalk to the wait-
ing cab. It was just as well to let him
come these few steps nearer. This was to
be just such a killing as Hurley had done—
merciless. The shorter the range, the surer
would be the result.
  Adjoining the lunch room was a cigar
store, more brightly illuminated. The taxi
was just abreast of it. Hurley should turn
to the left now, across the broad sidewalk,
heading for the cab.
  In the shadow of the kiosk Woodruff
pulled his gun, hiding it again in the crook
of his elbow. He noted thankfully that,
except for Hurley, the sidewalk was de-
serted. In a moment he’d have Hurley. At
thirty feet he couldn’t miss.
  Raising the gun he steadied it in the hol-
low of his left arm. Another instant and
Hurley—
  But Hurley did not turn toward the cab.
He entered the cigar store—which his driver
and partner had signaled him was empty of
customers.
  The clerk, making up his cash register
preparatory to closing, turned to look into
two guns leveled at him across the counter!
  “ Back!” commanded Hurley, jerking his
guns menacingly. “ Into the cubby-hole
there ”—indicating the stockroom, the door
of which stood open at the rear of the store.
“ Keep your hands still—and step!”
  Silent, white-faced, his eyes on the guns,
the clerk retreated. On the outside of the
counter Hurley kept pace.
  “ Inside!” ordered Hurley unnecessarily;
the clerk already was in!
  Pocketing one of the guns and taking off
his hat he rounded the end of the counter.
  “ Keep still and stay put,” he warned,
“ for you haven’t the damnedest idea how
long I might stay. Be good and be careful
and you’ll come out O. K. Make a break
and—”
  Terminating the speech with a motion of
his gun he shut the door and went to the
cash register. He chuckled over a stack of
bills which the clerk already had counted
and encircled with a paper wrapper—chuck-
led largely because the wrapper bore the
penciled inscription “ three hundred and
twenty-seven dollars.” Stuffing the roll into
an inside pocket he started to scoop out the
loose bills and silver still in the drawer.
  Came an interruption as a man entered.
With an eye on the stockroom door which
was held only by a flimsy latch, he served
the customer with cigarettes and gossiped
with him a minute.
  Left to himself again he hastily collected
the balance of the money and tiptoed to
the stockroom. Opening the door a crack
he inserted the muzzle of a gun without
showing himself.
  “ I’m still around, buddy,” he remarked,
“ still around and likely to be fer quite a
ON BROADWAY.
479
while. I’m in no hurry. Get that under
your hat. Sit pretty and smile and maybe
I’ll let you out when I lock up the store.
I’ll let you know.”
  Clicking the door shut, he was putting
on his hat and going outside the counter
when another customer came in. Hurley
no more than succeeded in concealing the
gun inside his hat as he stepped back to
’tend store. To look more regular he laid
the hat—and perforce the gun—on a pack-
ing case inside the counter. He didn’t figure
that he was taking any chance; he had
another gun.
  That was where he made his second mis-
take. The packing case was within a foot
of the stockroom door.
  The first mistake was made in issuing
that last injunction to the clerk. For that
young man took it as an indication that the
hold-up was over. He regarded it as the
usual threat by which the bandit seeks to
delay pursuit.
  Wherefore it was not exceptional bravery
which led him to open the door and peer
out. He had no great hankering to lie killed
in defense of three hundred odd dollars be-
longing to a half billion dollar corporation.
Not for a minute!
  But, peering, he saw the muzzle of a
gun nosing from under the bandit’s hat
within easy reach of his hand. And he saw
also that the bandit was engaged in sup-
plying the wants of a customer at the front
end of the counter. And being ordinarily
though not exceptionally courageous, he
wondered if he couldn’t advance himself in
the esteem and service of the corporation
by talcing a shot at the hold-up man! He
had learned to handle a pistol in the army
and while he never had got close enough
to the enemy to make practice on a human
being he knew that he never had any diffi-
culty running up a fair score on a white-
washed target.
  Snatching the gun he made the effort.
  The roar of the shot was echoed by the
clattering of plate glass. Unaccountably
he had found shooting at another man some-
what different from blazing away at a tar-
get. Perhaps that was because he was very
careful not to hit the customer. All he had
done was shatter the display case on the
counter—and bring Hurley wheeling on him
with gun smoking!
  The clerk let go one more shot before
he doubled up with a bullet in his insides,
but that also was wild. Gagging and
squirming, he dropped the gun and clutched
at his middle. Through a haze he saw Hur-
ley smash his gun into the face of the dum-
founded and frightened customer and vault
the counter.
  With shooting under way Hurley was
wasting neither time nor lead. He gathered
himself to sprint for the get-away car.
  From the street came shouts voiced by
half a dozen people who were stampeding
back into the subway from which they had
only a minute ago issued. Shouts and
running footsteps—the shrilling of a police
whistle and the rapping of a nightstick on
the pavement. A shot which crashed the
window on the left side of the store en-
trance.
  Cursing, but nevertheless with a certain
degree of satisfaction, Hurley marked the
direction of that shot which evidently had
been fired to delay his exit from the store.
It served the purpose for an instant, but
also it informed him which way to look for
attack as he made his dash.
  The shooter, a policeman, taking scant
cover behind a pole between the store and
One Hundred and Fifty-Sixth Street, sent
another shot with the hope of either driving
the bandit deeper into the store or drawing
him out in desperate sally.
  Hurley crouched to run for it, intending
to sweep the waiting marksman with a burst
of fire as he went.
  Before he could get under way another
report sounded and cracks rattled through
the window on the other side of the en-
trance. Caught between two fires, the angle
of this shot showing that it had come from
the One Hundred and Fifty-Seventh Street
side, he hung back when he should have
kept moving.
  That was Woodruff joining in with his
gun—and a prayer that Hurley would be
saved for him! Only extraneously did he
comprehend that a hold-up was taking
place. His mind was all on the possibility
of Hurley being killed by other than his
hand. That must not happen. Hurley be-
480
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY WEEKLY.
longed to him. To square himself for hav-
ing let Hurley escape earlier in the night
and seventeen years ago he alone must kill
him.
  Woodruff advanced to get his man.
  This while Hurley hesitated during pre-
cious seconds, weighing his chances. He
cursed himself for not having observed
whether there was a rear way out of the
store through the stockroom. He didn’t be-
lieve there was—but he wasn’t sure. He
considered running back to see, but was
afraid of being penned up in the back of
the place.
  While he debated, his glance traveled
from the wounded clerk, lying moaning, to
the customer he had felled. The latter was
sitting in a corner where he had fallen,
nursing his lacerated face and blubbering.
  Realizing that he had no choice but to
make a rush for the cab, daring the guns
to right and left of him, Hurley dragged
the blubbering customer to his feet. Be-
fore running the gauntlet he could at least
create a diversion.
  “Stand up!” he commanded viciously.
“ I'm going to let you go. Get that! Get
out of here!”
  He shoved the man reeling through the
front door.
  The policeman behind the pole fired im-
mediately, but Woodruff, then within ten
feet of the door, saw that it wasn’t Hurley
and held his fire.
  The man collapsed on the sidewalk, un-
touched by the bullet, but in weakness
from sheer terror. The policeman came
running.
  Hurley plunged out—and found himself
facing double disaster. The get-away cab
still was at the curb with engine running,
but the driver was gone. And as he halted,
cornered, not knowing whither to run, he
saw Woodruff raising his gun at point-blank
range!
   Hurley 's gun flashed up, its report blend-
ing with that of Woodruff’s. That was all.
Hurley was done, having been sh*>t through
the head.*
  Gun drooping at his side Woodruff stood
looking at the fruit of his vengeance. His
task was complete. Now—
   “ And that '11 be about all,” said the po-
liceman, rising from brief examination of
Hurley.
  “ All,” nodded Woodruff. He held out
his gun.
  The policeman looked at him question-
ingly.
  “ What’s that for?”
  “ You want it, don’t you? And me?”
  “ For what? Say, ain’t you a copper?”
  Woodruff shook his head.
  “ Well, it don’t matter, anyhow,” the
officer approved, “ you made one swell job
of this bird. Hey, you,” he shooed the peo-
ple who were gathering close now that the
danger was over, “ get back a bit. Chase
’em back a bit. Chase ’em back,” he hand-
ed his nightstick to Woodruff, “ while I
talk with the station house and get an am-
bulance.”
  The arrival of another policeman re-
lieved Woodruff of the duty of handling the
growing crowd.
  “ Happened along in time, didn’t you?”
remarked this officer, assuming from the
stick in Woodruff’s hand that he also was a
policeman. “ Where are vou working out
of?”
  “ I’m not,” said Woodruff. “ I’m just—
a citizen.”
  “ Oh! ” The cop lost interest in him un-
til his partner came back from telephoning
and told that it was Woodruff who had
got the bandit. Then he whistled thought-
fully.
  “ I don't suppose they’ll tax you for it,”
he said, “ but somebody’s going to ask how
come you’re carrying a gun. Maybe it ’d
be a good scheme for you to fade out and let
Ed here stand for the killing. Huh, Ed?”
  “ But,” said Woodruff with dawning un-
derstanding, “ I have a permit. I always
carrv a gun in my business—selling jewelry.
Why—”
  “ Oh, that fixes everything. Say, Ed,
let’s mop up. Just stick around, mister,
will you?”
  Woodruff smiled and stuck around. He
had found a middle course after all. Hur-
ley, the killer, had made it possible for him
to keep his faith with the living and still
not break faith with the dead.
  “ I’m going inside,” he said, “ to phone
my wife.”
                         10 A
\R(iOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION
Write
for Free
Catalog
Showing
Other
Styles
No
C.
Charges
to Pay
1 enclose $1. Send me Silk Plush Coat No. F-29. Size............ 11 I am noi
delighted with the coat. I can return it and get my $1 back. Otherwise, I will
pay easy terms, $1 with the coupon. $4.85 monthly, total price. $29.95.
Name
P. 0 ...........................................Stale.
Rich Silk
Plush Coat
Real Fur
Collar k
and Cuffs
Down
 Be dressed in the very newest style. Send only
 $1 for this handsome black silk plush coat with
 real fur collar and cuffs. A wonderful bargain;
 lined throughout with fine grade fancy pattern
 satin finished Venetian of excellent wearing qual-
 ity Shapely collar as well as cuffs are of beau-
 tiful dark brown Coney fur, all of fine selected
 pelts. Can be worn loose back or full-belted
 all-around with self belt tying in sash effect in
 front. Has two neat pockets. Sizes 34 to 44.
 Length 45 inches
Order by No. F-29 Terms $1 with Coupon,
$4.85 monthly. Total price, $29.95.
6 Months to Pay
 Use the credit we offer as thousands do and save
 money! Send only $1 for this latest style silk
 plush coat on approval. If you are delighted
 with the coat and wish to keep it, you may pay
 the balance in small monthly sums, so small
 you will scarcely miss the money. Only $4.85
 a month pays for this coat. An easy and delight-
 ful way to secure a plush coat with real fur
 collar and cuffs. Buy on credit the Elmer Rich-
 ards way Open a charge account with us.
 Compare our prices with cath prices in retail
 stores. No charge for credit. One price always.
 Send the coupon with only $1 TODAY.
In answering this a'lvcrtitcmcnt it in ictiraltt that you mention linn magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION
 able eieept at an exorbitant price, wo have
 LUMINOUS PAINT, which. applied t
 rendering it perfectly visible
 LIANT IT SHINES. Q
         Make Your Watches, Clocks, Etc.,
         Visible by Night
                                  have nl Inst (Ufp«xl«l ir. producing this remnrkable
                             tho surf.-ire «,f uny artirle, emit* ray* of wHto
                             11 <■ dirk. THE DARKER THE NIGHT. THE MORE BRIL-
                 -■	P'r *° u*°- Anyono—you can do it Alittlo applied lo the dial
  of vour watch or cluck will enable yon to Ml the time by night. You con ro'1. the push but-
  tons or switch plates of your electric lich'match bote*. and innumerable other articles;
  m.ike your own Luminous Crucifi*c», Lumiuou* Rosario*. etc. Small bottle, prico 25c. Larger
  oiic*. 50o And SI postpaid.
Serpent’s Eggs
  Box contain* 12 egg*. When
  lit with a match, csrh ono
  gradually hatch** ilitU into a
  i«iiake several
  /cel	which
life-like manner.
Prico par box. 10c postpaid. 3 for 25c.
_ Potmend
\£NAKll 53 Mend* Ironware*
*i!'\Agnto.Ware. kec"
 A',----^tles.
 atovcs. broken china, por«.______ ______
  bisque. crockery, wnodenwnre. marble.
  Come* in pondered form Just mi* with
  water and applv IIAKPKN.S LIKE IRON.
  Mend* bic hole or a -mail crack. PRICE
  15c. 3 for 40c, postpaid.
Midget Bible
The Dying Pig
  The mnat laughable novelty yrt produced
  Made of rubber, and you have only to blow it
  up nnd stand the pig on hi* feet. when he
  l>egiu* to squeal an ho slowly collapse* and
  finally lie* down and diea in the most natural
  manner. You can blow him up an often a*
  desired. and each time he will go through tbn
  mine performance to the great amusement
  ami delight of your friend* I'rice. 15 cent*:
  3 for 40 ccnts; one doxcn S1.35, mailed.
 Popular Watch Charms
- I5c
      PRICE 15c each. 3 for 40c. 12 for
  51.35 100 lot #7.50.
STAGE	Wlthabunch
 inisTpv (kCM otlh^soMWs.
 MONEY	ills easy for
                        ach nersou
                        of limited
                        means to
                        a p pear
                          Brosperous
  y flashing
  a roll of
  these bills
  at the
  proper
  time and peeling oft a genuine bill
  or two from the outside of the roll,
  the effect created will be found to
  be all that can be desired Pricc*.
  postpaid: 15 Bills 10c.SO Bills 25c.
  125 for 50c. or S3.50 thousand.
 Wonderful X-Ray Tube
                 tm\ wondcrfulllltlc
                 /^Instrument pro-
                 1/5* <1 udmi optical
                 111 usions both
        kAMMP- illusions both
        1A6l surprising and
        Wv ^gtnrtlln,'. With It
 you can see what in apparently the bones of
 your finger*. tho lend in a lead pencil, tho in-
 terior opening in a pip* atem. and many oth<-r
 similar illusion". A m>stery that no one ha*
 |>een able to aitlsfneiorilv explain. Price'IOc.
 3 for 25c. 1 doxcn 75c. Johnson Smith A Co.
ONLY
3 for 40c; SI.35 doz.
  Very pretty little curiosities nnd dccidodty
  novel. Fitted with Magnifying Lenses that
  enlarge tho picture* to a very surprising degree;
  in fad. it i*eem» almost incredible that ndcar
  picture could be possible in such a small com-
  (■iw, and how sharp and distinct they ehow up
  when you look through. 0>rae in nssorted
  view-—Actresses, view* of Panama Canal,
  Lord's Prayer in type, etc.
Mystic Skeleton
  A Jointed lluure
  of a skeleton 1*1
  in. in height, will
  dance to music
  and perform va-
  rious gyrations
  and movements
  while the oper-
  ator may be some
  distance from It.
NEW BOOK ON
ROPE SPLICING
Useful Knots. Hitches.
Splices, etc.
  A most practical handbook
  Siving complete anil simple
  ireetion» fur making all tho
  1110*1 useful knot*, hitches.
  ri:<iiig. splice*, etc. Over
  100 illustration*. AH ntHiut
  wire rone attachment*, la-h-
  imc. block*, tackle*, etc.
  37 Heraldic Knola illui-
  tratcd. Of great valuo 10
  mechanic*, ricners. campers,
  boatmen Prico 20c ppd.
MAGIC FLUTE
Wonderfully Swcel Toned and Musical
 A VERY striking and uncommon ring. Silver
 finish, okull and cros*fc>no design, with t»o
 brilliant, flashing gomir apatklinr out of the
 cye». Said by ni*ny to bring Good Luc k to the
 wearer, hence it* name. Good Luck Rln»j.
 V.tv unique rinr that you will lake a pride in
 iring. ONLY 25 CENTS.
                  musir that somewhat
      —	- resemble a flut«' TltOTQ
   no fingering, and onco von have mastered
 it you can play all kinds of munic with facility
 nnd ease When played as an accompaniment
 to a piano or any other musical instrument,
 tho effect i* as charming an it is surprising.
BLANK CARTRIDGE PISTOL
      /’’ntrctioii opninsl Burglar*, Tram /•* A Doga
    Address orders for all goods on this page to
 JOHNSON SMITH & CO.
Dept. 49	RACINE, WIS.
     Our large catalog (356 Pages) of all the newest and best
     novelties, unobtainable elsewhere, free with every order.
Well made and effect ive;
modelled on latest type
of Revolver; appearance
alone i* enough to scare
a burglar. When loudrd
 -- ..... revolver without
 danger to life. It tr.kes
 standard .22 CaJ. Blank Cartridge
          Prico 50c, aupcricr reality. S1.C0 post*
          . SOe id: 100.
   paid. Blank Cartridge*, by <-pxcT^
   Johnson Smith & Co.,
 DANCING BEAUTIES
   Go! a Kinemctogrnph And see tlio/
   picture move. Franco’* latest
   •onsation. A preat mrpriso. Is;
   worth twico whnl they c^t. Aro'.
   nindo of golid braw, hijrhly nic- .
   kled nnd very dnrftble. Satinfnc- •
   tory or your money hack. gQQ V
 DepL 49, Racine, Wis.
 BEST
 EVER .
  Pon'ishowyourcirl. l’rico
  Johnson Smith* Co.. Dept. 49
BOYS!
BOYS!
Raclno. Wl».
THROW YOUR VOICE
0
        - . Into a trunk, under
            the be<i or any‘
            whore. Lots of fun
            fooling the teach-
            er, policeman or
            friends.
THE VENTRILO
              little instrument, fits
          in the mouth out of.
          sight, used with abovel
          for Bird Calls, etc. Any- ,
          one can use it.
 Never Tails. A 32 page book on ven-
 triloquism, the VentrUlo.ALLFORiocENTS
1000 Silk Remnants
  for patching crazy Quilts, fcofa Cushions,
  HeaaK cts. Pin Fads etc. Large pieces, all
  col rs ’ shades. Bare to delight yon.
For 10 Cents^K-pTc^,
  and Book of qollt desltais. S packages
  25c. 1 pound makes a lovely larne qutlt.
  Prlc.-!fee postpaid. Ouretlk is tliebcst. L
  JOHNSON SMITH & CO., Dept. 49. RACINE, WIS.
LOOK^flook
Wonderful In.
slrumenl. Great-
                                                    cst ihlne
                                                    yet. Nine
                                                    ■separate
                                                    articles
                                                    ,in one.
                                                    Evcrybo-
                                                    . dc li «1» t eel
with it. Odd.
                               curious and intercsiinir. Lots
  of pleasure ns well as very use-
  ful. It is a double Microscope foi examining ihe
  wonders of nature. It is also an Opera Glass, a
  Sicreoscopc. a Burninc Lcn*. a RcadinR Glass, a Telescope, a
  Compass, a Pockct Mirror, and a LarynRascope—for examin-
  ing eye. ear. nose and throat. II is worth all the cost to locale
  evcoone painful cinder in ihe eye. Folds flat and fits *he pock-
  et. Something tr'f-1'* “Vou need one. P^ift miss it. Sent bv
  niaiL with 35o jmcc Novelty Catalog. Only 50c or 3 for $1.25
Resurrection Plant
                                    >ne of the most won-
                                    erful plants known.
                                    Possesses the etranpe
                                    power of turninc in
                                    a few minutes from
 an apparently life-
 less. dry herb to a
 BEAUTIFUL LIVING FERNLIKE PLANT of a dark green
 color. Simply place the plant in saucer
 of water, it will open np and start to
 crow in 20 minutes. >\ hen taken out it /
 will dry up and go to sleep until placed I
 in water again. Fine house plant—I
 summer or winter. IO cent9 eachT
„r3for«o>AGENTS WANTED
 post paid.
 JOHNSON SMITH i
 I CO., Dept. 49. RACINE, WIS.
lint you men Hon this mnnnzive.
\RGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION
ROYAL Diamond & Watch Co>
170 Broadway - New York/
 —HiffeiUinoiid In
 I K. white gold
 op. 14 K. green
 ifold shank.
 IS—Sa*Mt MylMl
 II K. white gold. 1
 warranted movement.
 L	* * <• v e i
 diamond Waiter ™
  lemblM 1 ct.*olitaire
  14 K. mount-
 ^ in«- /S«5
 ^ tex.sa (IS:;
  white
  diamoi
  sapphire
  each J*
  eluotW? W
  : platinum
  l s.vi.oo.
  lanling
green
 Ll>
 L’O K.
 white vrold r»f
 diamond set
 Karat cun. J
  dinwdnd WftUier rinc
  In i>lntlnom: IS K.
  l white sold mount
  gx ins. 9X2'*'
^ *3	1
 14 KjW
 lavallic?.': dia-
 mond center.
 rrl drop; U
 nock >
 chain, j.
 S27.S0
  $120.00.
mm
                              L 12—LnJIyHt. ring
                              of 14 K. ftold act
                              with perfect cut
                              ;» hluo white dia*
                              fc, mond. *50.00.
$2.00 Brings Your Choice
NO RED TAPE-NO DELAY
  Simply send $‘2.00 and your choice goes to you
  charges paid. You have ten days in which to
  decide. Money back instantly if you are not
  satisfied as to the quality and value.
Tea Days’ Free Trial
 Send only $2.00 and your choice goes to you
 in handsome gift box all charges paid. Guar-
 antee llond attesting to quality and value
 accompanies each shipment.
A Full Year to Pay
  Simply send S2.00 and receive your selection,
  all charges paid. After trial pay balance in 12
  monthly payments. 10% dis-
  count for cash.
                Free Royal
                Xmas Catalog
                           The roost complete Catalog: ,
  11^	ever published of Din- j
                           monds.Watehes. Jewelry,
                           Silverware. Cameras.
                      V Ivory Toilet Sets. etc.
                       •, -en» Fit I K Price*
 mm	Irom SS.OO to SIOOO
                                  quality the hi-^hc't.
                                  Ten clays* trial and a
                                  lull year to pay on
                                  everything you order
                                  from our S2.000,000
                                  stock. Srnd for your
                                  copy today. Dtpi.932.
   L I-l—Platinum front
   •carf pin net with
   perfect cut dia-
   mond. UK. pin.
   $27.30.
L t»-~**r * & .junlity
I'lue \»bftO diamond «et
in lady** hand er,£r«v,.d
rirft: of 18 Karat whlt<
roi.i. $:to.oo.
  1.2» r>na*‘.i:«-<	'r.Vrun^lfUr wrint
  watch. 11 K	/old. High grade 15
  Jewel movement. Four blue whit” diamond*
  in platinum. UfeUrp'' guarantee $42.30.
magazine.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.
DIAMONDS!!®
Send No Money A f i-i
10 Days'Free Trial Ull LlGQIl
X3*=P i" rtect
cut blue white
diamond. l*k.
white gold
et r. g r a v e d
and pierced
ring.....$25,00
 X 3 2 -- S o 1 i d
 18k. white {raid
 ring set with
 perfect cut
 blue white dia-
 mond... . $22.50
 white g
 ring set W
 cut blue
 mond.....
down—$1 a week for any of these six rings
X84--T8k. white gold
perfect cut blue
white quality dia-
mond......... $50.00
              X38 —Scvp nlWuo
gold two'-perfeet white diamonds set
cut blue wRjte dia- in PLATINUM,
monds one square Green sold 14k.
sapphire 542.50 ring............552.50
X86 Two blue
w h i t e perfect	X»4--Artmf<?yJ$k.
cut diamonds	whitt* <M»ld nnp.
one samphire 1?	Perfect cutolue wlnte
k. white gold	diamond. Rare
Tin*.. . 550.00 beauty........548.50
XMrSJJHWf'Nk. green
govr ring ^lSk. white
Kold top. Perfect cut
blue white diamond.
.__, 557.50
down—$1.50 a week for any of these three rings
 rhent nni
 yellow go
 feetcut bh
 diamond.!
= X20 -7 white dia-
I monds. PLATINUM
; set 18k. white gold
j rin*........... 577.50
 X44- - lSk^r*f(Yo
 gold ring'. Purfect
 cut blue white
 diamond. 573.50
 X98-.Solid 14IE wh
 Fancy dial. Adjusted \
 time-piece. Very dainty.
 »- gold cnsc-.^Sapphire crown,
 jewel movement. Guaranteed
 $25 . . $5 down--$2 a month.
to 510'XI I-nr«o and choire variety Our prompt and
 nrrtncr
ChamA • # jWl	To get a style that
Charge	% would sparkle with all
for	the beauty and charm
k mSt	—j* of a rich Parisian gown.
StOUt W	jf I labored on its recrea-
Siypc i	& t*on l<> build this won-
5	f derful Btyle. Seehowitj
nOW A	^ Ion*. flowing one-piece
vW	lines slenderize the
Sizes	..'^^^^heayy ^figure! Now.
8lJSt A'fr, ft	™pB'(6 «1° d ?
■ ■ ~ ~T :	\ A. need mv a tout fi*r
IHJSy5	\ % ured fru’ndi; pay
                                       fancy prices! Bat
                 .rm	.ijg act quicklv—this
limited
 •vsryone to hav® this ftne mode. You taka no risk my com-
 pany ffuaranteaa to plaaae you parfaotly
SEND NO MONEY! ft?Sf^kSlS
 want Navy Blue. Black or Brown color. On arrival, pay Post-
 man only 83 97 and poatase. Th-n. after try-on If you are not
 more than delighted, return It at my expenan and your money
 will be quickly refunded.
 Mila. ANNETTE. Caro of WORLD MAIL ORDER COMPANY
 Oept M-S67	2953 Van Buren Straat, CHICAGO
down—$2 a month for any of these three rings
               Buy on credit as others do. Simply send
 Send No your name and address and we will send ring
 or watch you select Only if satisfied make
 Money first payment down If after JO days' trial
 you are not satisfied, return to us and receive
 your money back imnfcdiately You lake no risk Transactions
 confidential Guarantee Bond with each purchase
 T]'I> 'E' WVife *or Xmas Catalog Latest deafens in quality iow
 f1 1x11/11^ e,rV nt lowest prices and most liberal credit terms Oiti-
 ---*.....-------------tc Prices JjlO
- — ------------------ —---- .. —-------..hat vo”
nt hero ilo not order vour \nias Gifts until you send for our t-ataloK
Baer Bros. Co.
6 MAIDEN LANE - NEWVORK
Nice Surprise
for LargerWomen
  Pay no more fancy prices. If you have a plump
  figure. Trade here where you pay only a fair
  price. Don’t miss this great offer,
  fio Extra -rtb. By Mile. Annett.
  Charge
  lor
  Stout
  Sizes
  Now
  Sizes
  32(054,
  Bust
M11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111| 111111
YOU SHOULD READ-
Munsey’s Magazine
       1 Q O Pages of the Finest Fiction
       Available at Any Price.
TWENTY-FIVE. CE.NT5 A COPY
AT ALL NEWS-STANDS.
ii	mini ii 11 mu ii iiiii ii i illinium illinium iiiiii i linn
In answering any advertisement on I hi# page il is desirable that you mention this
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION
SPAWN OL
DESERT^g
;ac of f
'VNDOWn!
 K^'TUTTix
 |o£rv^s ,
 f^-YDAY J
Wc^ruJ
Sf
THE
 •ss?
NORTH
l&SSS?
Stories of the West* the Frozen North and China Seas
 12
Great
Books!
  Don Qulckshot of the Rio Grande. Stephen
     Chalmers. A thrilling story of life among raid-
     ing M mx I cun bandits. train robbers. IVxaa
     rangers. and a prairie fire.
  Loaded Dice. Edwin L. Sabin. A romance of
     icxu.of the curly days. when liven depended
     on quickness of draw. A tale of men who
     were jugglers with death.
  Sontag of Sundown. W. C. Tuttle. An exciting
     story of the question of ranch ownership -
     wh'ch promoted bloodshed and a war of no
     mean caliber.
  Spa*n of the Desert. W. C. Tuttle. Whore men
     lived raw in the desert's mi*. and Hell wss
     nothing to shun; where they b'iricd cm neat,
     without preacher or sheet and writ on their
     tombstone, crude but sweet."This jasper was
     slow with his gun."
  Arizona Argonauts, FI. Bedford-Jnne«. Three
     adventurers whose fortunes lend through
     nrought and danger to the golden goal they
     sought
  The Lure of Piper's Glen. Theodore Goodrldgo
     Roberts. It wa« the lure of the North, of
     plentiful itame and of the clear wind from the
     great plain*. Young .lim Todhunter heard it.
  Apache Valloy. Arthur Chapman. A story «*f a
     cattle war in the Southwest, with ali it meann
     -terror and blood feud: alarms by night and
     day: rustling and stealthy murder.
  The Challenge of the North.JamcsR Hendryx.
     rhiij is a stor* of the call of th« great North-
     land; of purposes and cross purposes: of true
     men and of •’bad" men.
  The Second Mate. H. Redford-Jones. Peril ami
     mutiny on the China Seas Two white women
     at the mercy of a villainous crew-Jim Barnes
     realized the desDerato chance wnen ho became
     mate of the Sulu Queen.
 The Devil's Payday	W. C. Tuttlo
     A skv of brass, the sun a flame.
     And the land no place to dwell:
     A hunk of earth, so doggone hot
     That It still belongs to llell.
  The Canyon of the Green Death, F. R. Buckley.
     Who were the devils in human form whoso
     haunt was the lost barranca? Invisible, t-rri.
     ble, they hroueht the young officer of the law
     to a strange dilemma.
  Sky-High Corral. Ralph Cummins. A yarn of
     the unending feuds between cattlemen and
     forest rangers: of the forest fires, grazing
     herds and bitter fights at timberline.
     A Whirlwind of Action
'in These Breath-taking Tales
f (/Adventure and Romance
* SEND NO MONEY TO GET THEM!
1400 Pages Crammed With Daring, Thrilling
Exploits of Hardy Adventures.
OVER 100,000 sets of these twelve gripping fascinating books have
found their way into the hearts of live wide-awake folks who enjoy
real smashing red-blooded tales. And here is your opportunity to
get these twelve great books without a penny in advance. You can
also keep them five days to decide for yourself if they arc not the most
daring, exciting books you ever read.
You won’t slop read Inn a single one of
these twelve live. interest holding lxioks un-
til you have fliitaliea the last one. for they
an* full of murderous steel knives brand-
ished in the air. burking six-shooters,
screams of beautiful woiuen. moans of de-
fens less men. treacherous, blood-thirsty
villains and gallant rescues. More thrill-
ing than any play you ever saw or movio
you ever watched.
If you want a different kind of enter-
tainment don’t let another day pass until
you get these pocket size lsioks written by
famous authors who know how to tell all
the thrills of pioneer days, Indian ambushes,
s toe kudo lighting, cattle stealing, and the
joys and hardships of hardy adventures:
famous heroic characters of present and
past days.
 Send No Money |
Just think, you can get this whole library ,
of 12 clean and wholesome books for about
JlSc each. The whole set will be sent to you I
now without a cent In advance. And when ,,acK I'rompuy.
you get them you won’t leav • home a single I
night until you have finished them. There I Xam •
is nothing in these books that any boy or ‘ .......................
girl should not read and enjoy.	j
  Kvcry OHO of these splendid books have * **' *‘s.....................
a striking cover in full colors and printed .
on good paper. Don’t send any money, I City...................State
 just your name and address on the hamlv
 cou|K»n and mail it. When the 12 books
 arrive simply give your postman	plus
 a few cents delivery charges, and the Ixtoks
 are vours. However. If you are not fully
 satisfied that they are the most fascinating
 oi any books you ever read send them back
 within five days and your money will he
 n turned in full. You take no risk. Treat
 yourself to some live entertainment.
 GARDEN CITY PUBLISHING CO., INC.
 Dept. W-1812 Garden City. New York
 r
  GARDEN CITY PUBLISHING CO.. Inc.
  Dept. W-1812. Garden City. New York.
In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ARCOSY-ALLSTORY—ADYERTISING SECTION
        i High School
        i Course in
        Two Years
    This simplified, complete High School Course
    —specially prepared for home study by leading
    professors—meets all requirements for entrance
     to college and the leading professions.
                      Whether you need High School
.jll | ITnOI* training or specialized instruc-
wW	lion in any trade or profession
                      the American School can help
    vOUCjvjJ von. Check and mail coupon.
    for Free Bulletin.
         American School
               Drexel Ave. and 58th Street
                       Dept. H95
                       Chicago	© A.S.1923
American School, Dept. K95 ,
Send me full information on the
me win success.
......Architect
. ... Building Contractor
.........Automobile Engineer
........Automobile Repairman
.........Civil Engineer
........Structural Engineer
.......Business Manner
.........Cert. Public Accountant
.........Accountant and Auditor
------Bookkeeper
.........Draftsman and Designer
........Electrical Engineer
.........Electric Light & Power
.....General Education
---------Vocational Guidance
.........Business Law
Name
Acdrcr..
Drexel Ave. and 58th St., Chicago
subject checked and how you will help
   .........Lawyer
    .........Machine Shop Practice
    .........Photoplay Writer
           Mechanical Engineer
    .........Shop Superintendent
    .........Employment Manager
    .........Steam Engineer
   .........Foremanship
    .........Sanitary Engineer
    .........Surveyor (and Mapping)
    .........Telephone Engineer
    .........Telegraph Engineer
    .........High School Graduate
    .........Fire Insurance Expert
    .........Wireless Radio
   .........Undecided
MUNSEY’S
MAGAZINE
   is America’s greatest and
   best all - fiction monthly.
   It prints more good stories
   of all lengths than any
   other fiction magazine. It
   contains one hundred and
   ninety-two pages of de-
   lightful stories — four or
   five serials, a long, com-
   plete novelette in each
   number, and from ten to
   fourteen short stories by
   the cleverest writers.
December issue now on
sale at all newsstands
A book of great stories every
month for
25 cents
A year's subscription, $3.00
'iiixn iriii'i mill iHli crliKt m< ut on thin /mr/c it i<i ih sinihtv Hint you mention this mairazine.
SHAW STOCKING CO.
Lowell, Mass.
FINE-' °
HOSIERV^
 IT is not expensive to be
 well dressed. It is
 expensive not to give time
 and thought to the question.
 Men buy Shawknit Hosiery
 by name. Itsadded value does
 not carry an added price.
ARCiOSY-ALLSTORY ADVERTISING SECTION
THE HOUSE OF QUALITY
  capital. $ 1,000,000.
DEPT ESgg 1650-1660 BROADWAY, NEW YORK
Diamonds for Christmas
$122 Brings Your Choice
gagement ring aet
with a superior
quality, perfectly
cut diamond In 6
white gold pronga.
14K gold a n a j; k.
*100
XA18 — 7 perfectly
cut and matched
diamonda expertly
aet In platinum to
reaemble one large
aolltalrc. Fancy
white gold prongs.
14K gold shank.
W8JS0.
XAlt*—A fine qual-
ity, perfectly cut
diamond, hexagon
•et In aolld plati-
num ring with
fancy pierced top
and engraved
shank. *125.
xai7—B rlillant
diamond set In this
fancy, hexagon top.
18K white gold ring
with fancy carved
and pierced shank.
•IM).
X A 24 — Handsome-
ly carved and
pierced, 18k. white
gold ring set with
a fine, blue white
diamond. **<5.
XA»2=Wlirf "tan-
cy, massive ring of
18k. white gold set
with o sparkling,
blue white dia-
mond. Engraved
top. grooved shank. $75.
XA21 — Fine qual-
ity, sparkling dia-
mond set In this
square top. exquis-
itely carved and
pierced solid plati-
num ring. *»0.
 XA22—Artistically
 designed and exe-
 cuted, heart ahaped
 lavalllere set with
 a blue white dia-
 mond. Delicately
 cartfed drop. 14k.
 goid chains *30.
XA23 ~ 'Perfectly
cut diamond, hex-
agon. set In dia-
mond shaped gen-
uine onyx ring.
Fancy pierced
white gold beze-
shank. *22.R0.
XA27—Gent's martwl soli-
taire cluster. 7 perfectly cut
and matched diamonds, ex-
pertly set In platinum tb re-
semble one large diamond.
14k. carved and engraved
shank. 18k. white gold top.
.	*07.50
XAXV- Popular, rectangular ahatxi
and e.tHrtty adjuetcd movement
gram ribbon «nd 1«h. while gold
J wrtat Match of *<V. aolld white gold. 1S JlWiKd
guarantee* accuracy. Furnlafccd with allk oroa-
Ittlnga. Sapphire Jewel crown.	*
10 MONTHS TO PAY
 XA25—Sweet's en-
 gagement ring set
 with a perfectly cut
 diamond In 6 white
 gold prongs. 14k.
 gold shank. $75.
ARGOSY-ALLSTORY—ADVERTISING SECTION.
FREE!
cWatch Chain
 For a limited time wo are civintf
 ■way free with everv Studennk<*r
 Watch a beautiful Watch «'hairi.
 W rite now while offer last*.
*11 <Jewel
Studebaker
-the Insured Watch
 Choke of 54 latest, thill model. Art Beauty Cases 111 yellow gold, green gold or
 white gold; 8 adjustments, including heat. cold, Isochronism and 5 positions.
 Direct to you from the factory—ilio greatest watch value In AjneHcf today.
 Wrif*» for	RnnL- I s,,,ld :‘l 0l,ce and sot a o0<»' of thls book-
 VV rue ior Oiyie DOOK . KHEEI S« the newest, beautiful, advance
 styles in Studebaker Art Beauty Cases and Dials. Read how you can buy a 21
 Jewel Studebaker Insured Watch Uirrrt from thr nm/c^r — save big money—and
 pay for it while you are using it. Write for our Free nook. It will post you
 on watch styles and watch values. Send coupon at once, (jet free Chain
 offer today while It lasts.
           STUDEBAKER WATCH CO.
               Dept. 3812	South Bend, Indiana
Mail Coupon for FREE Book
Studebaker Watch Co.
Dept. 3812, South Bend, Indiana
 PI on sc send nu- your Free Book of Ad-
 vance Watch Styles and p:trii« ul;»rs of
 your $1.00 down offer.
.Xante
Address..
Latest Style.
Thin Models
Cily....................................State..
 Just $1.00! The balance in easy monthly payments.
 You get the famous Studebaker, 21 Jewel Watch—
 Insured for a lifetime—direct from the maker at
 lowest prices ever named on equal quality. Send at
 once for FREE Book of advance Watch Styles.
Jn answering this advertiscuicnt it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
Missing Page: Inside Back Cover
If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in .JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:
info@pulpmags. org
Missing Page: Back Cover
If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in .JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:
info@pulpmags. org