TALE S (

25

CENTS
f Borrow f50-*>*600-

No One to See! No Cosigners Needed!

Repay in Convenient Monthly Installments!

    Yov Con lorrew from
    STATE FINANCE COMPANY

    Regardless of State Where You live

  Monthly payments arc made to lit your
  budget best You can start paving nx
  wecxs after the loan is made, and repay in
  convenient monthly payments out of your
  future earnings The cost of the loan is
  regulated by the laws of the State of Ne-
  braska. For example, if the loan is repaid
  ahead of time, you pay only for the time
  you use the money not one day longer!

  One out of three applicants get cash on
  their signature only. Furnitute and auto
  loins ire also made. No matter in which
  state you live, you can borrow from State
  Finance Company in complete confidence.

   CONFIDENTIAL

  Complete privacy is assured. No one knows you are applying
  for * loan. All details arc handled in the privacy of your own
  home, and entirely by mail. ONLY YOU AND WE KNOW
  ABOUT IT!

 Old Reliable Company-MORE
 THAN 50 YEARS OF SERVICE!

  STATE FINANCE COMPANY was organized in 1897.

  During the post 54 years, we have helped over
                1,000,000 men and women in all
                walks of life. Confidential loans are
                made all over America, in all 48
                states. W# are licensed by the Banking Department of
                the State of Nebraska to do business under the Small
                loan Low. You'll enjoy borrowing this easy, confidential,
                convenient way from this old, responsible company in
                whom you can place the greatest confidence.

           STATE FINANCE COMPANY

D*pt. T-71 : .'i Securities Blag., Omaha 2, Nebraska

THOUSANDS OF MEN AND
WOMEN LIKE YOU USE OUR
CONFIDENTIAL BY MAIL LOAN SERVICE

 So much easier than calling on friends and relatives... so much more business-
 like ... to borrow the money you need from fifty-year old State Finance Com-
 pany that meets the need for ready cash for thousands of folks all over America!
 Yes—no matter where you live, you can borrow any amount from S50.00 to
 $600.00 entirely by mail in complete privacy, without anyone to sign or endorse
 the loan for you. Your friends, neighbors, family, or even your employer will not
 know you are applying for a loan. If you need money fast, rush the coupon below
 for FREE LOAN INFORMATION.

GET W to *600- Quick-Easy-Private

                                    If you are over 25 years of age and steadily employed,
                                    simply mail the coupon below for your Loan Application,
                                    sent to you in a plain envelope. There is no obligation, and
                                    you'll get fast action. You can get the money you need to
                                    help pay bills, to buy furniture, to repair your home or car,
                                    to pay doctor or hospital bills, to pay for a vacation, a trip,
                                    or for schooling, or for any other purpose. This money is
                                    here, waiting for you, so rush this coupon today!

                 Mail Coupon for FREE Loan
                           Application!!

 You'll agree with thousands of others that this is a
 wonderfully easy way to solve your money prob-
 lem. No matter who you are or where you live—
 if you’re over 25 years old and steadily em-
 ployed—mail this coupon now. loans ore made
 to men and women in all walks of life and in ail
 kinds of jobs—to factory and office workers,
 teachers, civil service employees, railroad men,
 and hundreds of others. Get the money you need
 and get it now. Rush the coupon.

MAIL COUPON

I'd Jay !

   r STATE FINANCE COMPANY. Department T-71

    323 S*<u»itl#t Sldg., Omaha 2. N.braika

    Without obligation rush (o me full details in plain envelope together
    with the FREE Loan Application and Loan Papers for my signature,
    if I decide to borrow.

Name.......

 Address.....

City.......

 Occupation.

................. Sate...................

...................... Age...............

 Amount you want to borrow 1
Reducing Specialist Savs: Where

LOSE WEIGHT Sh°ws .........

   DcniiPF

Most IlLUUUL. BODY WITH

MOST ANY
PART OF

   FOR OREATBST BtNlFIT IN
   RBDUCINQ by muue* um
   Spot RKDUCKR with or with-
   out electricity—Alao UMd
   an aid in the relief of paint
   for which massage is indicated.

ELECTRIC

mducct

 Mail this coupon with only $1 for your Spot Reducer on approval. Pay
 postman $8.95 plus delivery—or send $9.95 (full price) and we ship
 postape prepaid. Use It for ten days in your own homa. Then if not
 deliohted return Spot Reducer for full purchase price refund. Don’t
 delay! You have nothing to los*—except ugly, embarrassing, unde-
 sirable pounds of FAT. MAIL COUPON now!

ALSO USE IT FOR AtHES AND PAINS

CAN'T SLEEP

MUSCULAR ACHES:

Relax with electric	A handy helper for

Spot Reducer. See how	transient relief of
soothing its gentle., discomforts that can
massage can be. Helps ....

you sleep when mas-	^ a,de(* by gentle,

sage can be of benefit,	relaxing massage.

LOSE WEIGHT
OR NO CHARGE

USED BY EXPERTS

Thousands have lost
weight this way—In
hips, abdomen, leu,
arms, necks, buttocks,
etc. The same method
used by stage, screen
and radio personalities
and leading reducing
salons. The Spot Re-
ducer can be used In
your spare time. In the
prlvaey of your own
room.

ORDER IT TODAY

    I

   SPOT REDUCER CO., Dept. B-274
   1025 Broad St., Newark, New Jersey

    Please tend me the Spot Reducer for 10 daye
    trial period. I enclose SI. Upon arrival I
    will pay postman only S8.95 plus postage
    and handling. If not delighted I may retura
    SPOT REDUCER within 10 days for prompt
    refund of full purchase price.

    □	I enclose SI2.08. Sand DeLuae Model.

Name..................................

    I
    I

 | Address ......................

j City.................... State.

I
I

   □	SAVE POSTAQK — check here If you enclose
   *9.95 with coupon. We pay all postage and
   handling charges. Same money book guarantee
   applies. □ I enclose $12.98. Send DeLuxe Model.

             lfi‘i WEIGHT 0

TAKE OFF EXCESS WEIGHT!

 Don't Stay FAT-You Can Lose
 POUNDS and INCHES SAFELY HEALTH

        PLUG I

GRASP

HANDLE

AND

APPLY

Take pounds off —keep
slim and trim with Spot
Reducer! Remarkable new
invention which uses one
of the most effective re-
ducing methods employed
by masseurs and turkish
baths—MASSACE!

     IKE a magic wand, Hie
/'“Spot Reducer” obeys
your every wish. Most
any part of your body where
It is loose and flabby, wher-
ever you have exttS .weight
end inches, the “Spot Reduc-
er” can aid you in acquiring
■ youthful, slender and grace-
ful figure. The beauty of thii
scientifically designed Reduc-
er is that the method is so
simple and easy, the results
quick, sure and harmless. No
exercise or strict diets. No
steambaths, drugs or laxa-
tives.

  With the SPOT REDUCER you ean no* enloy the
benefits of RELAXING, SOOTHING massets In the
privacy of your own home I Simple to use—Just plug
In, grasp handle and sssi> ever aaest ui part ef the
body—stomach. Mat. eheet, neck, Wilts, .arms, but-
locks, ete. The relaxing. soothing nuueaee- breaks
down FATTY TISSUES, tones the muscles end lloah.
and the increased awakened blood circulation carries
away waste fat—helve you rewhrwid I— » fluster and
more GRACEFUL FIGURE!

  Your Own Private Masseur at Home

Wheir JOB tttfr'tbe Spot Reducer, It’s almoit IHce hiv-
ing your own private masseur at home. It's fun redue-
ing this way! It not only helps you reduce and keep
•Jim—tut also aids in the relief of those types of aches
and pains—an* tired nerves that can be helped by
massage! The Spot Reducer is handsomely made of
light weight aluminum and rubber and truly a beau*
tiful invention you will be thankful you own. AC III
volts. Underwriters laboratory approved.

TRY THE SPOT REDUCER 10 DAYS FREE IN YOUR OWN HOME!

 UNDERWRITER*

 LABORATORY

 APPROVID

Relaxing • Southing
Penetrating Massage
NEXT ISSUE OUT JANUARY 2nd

VOLUME 26, No. 3	JANUARY, 1953
Two Smashing Novelettes
1.	RIDE WITH THE GUNSMOKE JUDAS	Thomas Thompson 12

      They called Gunther the nester’s greatest leader—but one sodbuster knew him as traitor.

2.	DRAW FAST—OR DIE!.........................Bryce Walton 52

      Blacky Jethro’s code was tough and simple: “Shoot first and live longest!"

Thrill Psicked Short Fiction
3.	THE DEADLY SECOND....................Henry Carlton Jones 28

      A peace loving man—but a trigger-quick lawdog was Painted Rock's sheriff!

4.	THE BUSHWHACK BARGAIN...................Richard Ferber 35

      Jesse was a hungry killer-for-hire but could even he shoot old Mark Clayburn?

5.	NEVER SELL YOUR SADDLE!..................H. A. De Rosso 43

      When a man loses his saddle, he loses himself 1

6.	THE MEDICINE WIRE......................... Bennett Foster 63

      Andy Curtis, fighting brass-pounder,. was one of the unsung heroes of the frontier.

 7.	OVER THE HILL TO HELL. ..... ............Robert Trimnell 68

      A wagon train of mutinous greenhorns challenged Big Bill Shawn.

8.	WHILE THE GALLOWS WAIT—...................Dave Sands 74

      Toby Miles only wanted to be as brave as the outlaw he worshipped.

9.	SAD NOSE JOE—RAIN-MAKER!..................Harold Heifer 81

      The saga of a good Injun who tried to rope himself a rain-cloud!

10.	BRING HIM BACK DEAD!.....................John C. Colohan 85

      The sheriff had never faced death from a friend.

f Copyright U-Si by Popular Publications. Inc., under the title “Manhunt"I

11.	GUN-MEETING AT MIDNIGHT...................Jonathan Craig 92

      What chance had Steve, a desperate, hunted lawman, to win the town’s loveliest girl?

12.	INJUN LIST....................................Walt Coburn 98

      A broken derelict, the Judge fought his greatest battle on boot-hill's brink!

(Copyright 1934 by Popular Publications. Inc.)

-Departments and Features —---

13.	THE PROSPECTOR..........Gem mining lore.........^ Shaw	6

 14.	HELL ON WHEELS!..... Dramatic fact story • *......Bart Cassidy	8

 15.	CATTLE COUNTRY QUIZ. . . Western know-how . . Hallack McCord	51

 16.	TALES OF THE OLD WEST......Mossman of the Range, s......Lee	66

 17.	NEXT ISSUE (Illustrated)....... A Preview.........The Editors	73

 18.	WHEN DODGE WAS WILD!____ factual story .....John T. Lynch	77

Any resemblance between any character appearing in fictiortal matter, and any person,
living or dead, is entirely coincidental and unintentional.

  Published bi-monthly by Popular Publications, Inc.. at 1125 E. Vaile Ave., Kokomo. Indiana. Editorial and Executive
  Offices, 20.5 East 42nd Street, New York 17. N. Y. Henry Steeger, President. John J. McVarish. Treasurer. Entered as
  seeond-class matter at the Post Office -at Kokomo. Indiana. Copyright. 1952, by Popular Publications. Inc. This issue is
  published simultaneously in the Dominion of Canada. Copyright under International Copyright Convention and Pan-Ameri-
  can Copyright Conventions. All rights reserved. Including the right of reproduction, in whole or in part, in any form. Single
  copy 25c. Annual subscription for U.S.A., its possessions and Canada $1.50; other countries 50c additional. All correspond-
  ence relating to this publication should be addressed to 1125 E. Vaile Ave.. Kokomo. Indiana, or 205 E. 42nd Street, New
  York 17. N. Y. When submitting manuscripts enclose stamped, self-addressed envelope for their return if found unavailable.
  The publishers will exercise oare in the handling of unsolicited manuscripts, but assume no responsibility for their return.

                                                                                               Printed in the U.S.A.
Tired of the
same old job?

 Sure, you ire. Anybody gets tired of standing still in the same place.
 But don't get the idea that just quitting your present job and going
 gomewherc else will take you out of the rut.

     The trouble may be inside yourself. You’re restless because you
 want to get ahead — make more money — do more interesting work.
 All right —why not?

     Look around yon. The men who are advancing are the trained
 men. They've learned special skills that bring them higher pay. It's
 the men without training who stick in the same old fob.

     What are you going to do about it? Just wait and hope for some-
 thing better to come along? If you really want to succeed, you can
 get the necessary training by studying at home in your spare time.

International Correspondence

 Why

  Home

 Study?

 When you learn the I. C. S. way,
 your time is your own. Arrange
 your schedule to suit yourself.
 No tiresome traveling to and
 Irom school. No classes missed
 because of other engagements.
 Home study ihrough I. C. S. has
 proved out for millions of am-
 bitious men and women. You,
 too, can use it to get ahead!

 Schools offer you a course in
 practically any field you
 choose, giving you the practi-
 cal plus the bedrock facts and
 theory. You'll earn while you
 learn. Students report better
 jobs and more pay within a
 few months.

    Read carefully the list of
 subjects in the coupon below.
 Pick out the field of study that
 interests you most — the one
 with the greatest future for
 you. Then mark and mail the
 coupon, and find out what
 I. C. S. can do for you. All it
 costs it a stamp or postcard,
 yet it may be the most im-
 portant step you've ever taken I

- Wj

wide choice of courses

 I. C. S. offers a total of 391 different courses —
 391 roads fo advancement. Among them is the
 one you want. You'll find the lessons modern,
 simple, easy to understand. Each one you study
 takes you farther along the road t<> knowledge
 and juccess.

  machine operator to shop foreman

  “When I enrolled for my I. C. S. course in Car-

  ?entry and Millwork, I was a machine operator,
  'oday, eleven monthi later, 1 am a shop fore-
  man. As a consequence say salary has been
  increased 73.3%.”

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

Without cost or obligation, ssnd.
ART

□	Commercisl Art

D Magazine and Book
Illustrating

□	Cartoon ins

□	Show Cara and Sian Lettering
U Fashion Illustrating

AUTOMOTIVE

□	Automobile, Mechanic

BAuto-Etec. Technician
Auto Body Rebuilding
and Refinishing

□	Diesel—Gas Engines
AVIATION

□	Aeronautical Engineering Jr.

□	Aircraft Engine Mechanic

□	Airplane Dralting
BUILDING

B Architecture
Arch. Drafting

□	Building Contractor

□	Estimating

□	Carpenter and Mill Wort!

□	Carpenter Foreman

□	Reading Blueprints

□	House Planning

□	Plumbing

BOX 3275-J. SCRANTON 9, PENNA.

 me "HOW to SUCCEED" and the booklet about the course BEFORE which I tls»» marked X:

□	Healing

□	Steam Fitting

BAir Conditioning

Electrician

BUSINESS

□	Business Administration
O Certified Public Accountant

□	Accounting

□	Bookkeeping

P Stenography and Typing

□	Secretarial

□	Federal Tax

CIVIL, STRUCTURAL
ENGINEERING

 □	Civil Engineering

   □ Please isrul MkiuIm itoirt LC4.
   MiployM trainini M companies.

 I	Structural Engineering

 □	Surveying and Mapping

 □	Structural Dralliag

 □	Highway Engineering

 □	Reading Blueprints

 □	Concrete Construction

 □	Sanitary Engineering

 □	Aircraft Drafting

□ Business Correspondence □ Architectural Drafting
Labor Relations □ Electrics! Drafting

Personnel and

□	Advertising

□	Retail Business Management

□	Managing Small Business

□	Sales Msnagement

□	Salesmanship

□	Traffic Management
CHEMISTRY

O	Chemical Engineering
D Chemistry

□	Analytical Chemistry

□	Petroleum—Nan Gas

BPulp and Paper Making
Plastics

 □	Mechanical Dralting

 □	Structural Dralting
 tj Sheet Metal Drafting

 □	Mine Surveying and Dralting
 ELECTRICAL

 O Electrical Engineering
 Q Electrician

 □	Electrical Maintenance

 □	Electrical Dralting

 S	Electric Power and Light
 Lineman

HIGH SCHOOL

 □	High School Subjects

  College Prepsrstory
u Mathematics
p Commercial
P Good English

 MECHANICAL
 AND SHOP

P Mechanical Engineering
P Industrial Engineering

6	Industrial Supervision
Foremanstiip
D Mechanical Dralting
P Machine Design-Dralllng
P Machine Shop Practice
P Tool Design
P Industrial Instrumentstion
p Machine Shop Inspection
P Reading Blueprints
P Toolmaking
P Gas—Electric Welding
P Heat Treatment-Willurgy
P Sheet Metal Work
P Sheet Metal Pattern Drafting
P Relrigeration
POWER
P Combustion Engineering
D Diesel-Electric
P Electric Light and Power

P Stationary Steem Engineering
n Stationary Fireman

  RADIO,TELEVISION,
COMMUNICATION*
n General Radio
P Radio Operation
P Radio Servicing—FM
P Television

B Electronics
Telephone Word
RAl LROAD

B Locomotive Engine*

Diesel Locomotive
P Air Brakes P Car Inspects
P Rsilrosd Administration
TEXTILE
P Textile Engineering
P Cotton Manufacture
P Rayon Manufacture
P Woolen Manufacture
P Loom Fixing
P Finishing and Dyeing

□	Textile Designing
HOME ARTS
P Oressmaklng and Designing
P Cookery

P Tea Room Msnagement

 Name-

 City—

 -Age_Home Address-

 —State—

 -Working Hours.

 -A.M. to—

 -P.M.

Occupation.

Speeial.tuition rates to members of the Armed Forces. Canadian resldsots send
coupon to International Correspondence Schools Canadian, Ltd, Montreal, Canada
 THE PROSPECTOR

By VIC SHAW

   Mr. Shaw is a well-known authority in
   the fields of mining and mineralogy,
   with nearly a half-century of practical
   prospecting beside him, and with numer-
   ous published works, as well as a life-
   time service as consultant on pertinent
   matters to his credit.

 FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES is
 both pleased and proud to add him to
 its roster of regular contributors—and
 hopes the additional service Mr. Shaw
 enables us to perform for our readers
 will result in profit to all concerned—
 in funds, fun and health!

   Mr. Shaw will answer all queries gratis
   —simply enclose a stamped, self-
   addressed return envelope with your
   letter. Address all queries to Vic Shaw,
   Lake Hughes, California : Star Rt.-2.

BIG HORN BONANZA

Query: Two of us are planning an extended
prospecting trip in the Big Horn and the
Vulture mountain ranges in Maricopa County,
Arizona. We are thinking of making Wilken-
burg our starting point.

6

   We would greatly appreciate any informa-
 tion regarding these mountains, particularly
 what minerals and semi-precious stones might
 possibly be located in the vicinity.

                   Very sincerely,

J. E. Miller, Michigan

   Reply by Victor Shaw :

   The Vulture Range and gold mine are some
 14 miles to the southwest of Wickenburg by
 •road, and this range tends northeast and south-
 west. You_go 6'/> miles west of Wickenburg
 on US-60-70, to a dirt road on your left that
 runs southwesterly along the eastern side of
 this range. The old Vulture Mine is on this
 eastern side too.

   As for the Big Horn Mts: My latest map
 shows it to lie farther southwest of the Vulture
 Range about 12-14 miles, which means they’re
 in plain sight from the Vultures. This range
 tends northivest and southeast near the west
 boundary of Maricopa County. At their north-
 western end they nearly join the Harquahala
 Mts. and may be a spur from the latter range.
 All this region is a sage desert.

 1 I’ve been past the Vultures and Wickenburg
 a dozen or so times going to Phoenix ; also to
 Prescott via US-89, which comes into Wick-
 enburg from Ash Fork on US-66 to the
 (Continued on page 110)
AMAZING NEW 2-F0R-1 OFFER

BE A LICENSED'TV TECHNICIAN

LICENSED TV MEN MAKE MORE MONEY

COMPARE RTTA'S EXTRA FEATURES

 | I furnish you ALL parts and equipment to build 13
 * big units, including your own COMPLETE TV RE-
 CEIVER. At the same time, I give you the training that
 will qualify YOU as a TV TECHNICIAN in America's
 booming TELEVISION & Electronics industries ... within
 months, studying at home. Many of my students pay for
 their entire training from spare time earnings installing and
 tervicing Radio-TV sets ... start their own business.

 2 Then—after you finish your training for a position as

 *	a full-fledged TV Technician... I help you qualify
 for the bttur pay BETTER JOBS that demand an
 FCC license, with my...

rnrCOACHING COURSE

LDtt	you f-your FCC iKcnse

I IiLL . included o. NO EXTRA COST

.ROUND TRIP TO NEW YORK CITY—FARE FREE! |

 I Ves, I pay your way to New York and return from wher- .

 •	ever you live in the U. S. or Canada, after you finish your |
 I home study course. I give you two free weeks—50 hours

 I of advanced instruction and shop training at the Pierct I
 School of Radio & Ttleviiion. You use modern electronics
 equipment, including student-operated TV and Radio I
 I stations. You go behind the scenes of New York’s big 1
 Radio-TV centers—to study first hand. And I give you all I
 I this AT NO EXTRA COST! (Applies to complete Radio- I
 •TV course only.)	,	j

YOU
BUILD

AND KEEP_

THIS LARGE SCREEN
TV RECEIVER . . .
included with my 15
big Radio-TV kits
Everything
Furnished
At No
[Extra Cost

VETERANS!

Eligible under new 6.1.
Bill? Be sure to check
coupon below I

      •	GOING INTO UNIFORM?

     Learn how you can
 qualify for military special-
 ill ratings, andftPQ
 higher pay I

  MY GRADUATES HOLD GOOD PAYING JOBS

       . "Thanks to your train-
 ing. I qualified for a
 good Job as a Receiver
 Tester at Federal Tele-
 phone and Radio.”

—Paul Prank Seler

       “I'm making good mon-
 ey In my own business,
 repairing and Installing
 radio and TV sets —
 think a to your training.”

—Irwin Polansky

£

MY SIMPLE METHODS MAKE SUCCESS EASY!

       "Your excellent Instruc-
 tion helped me get my
 present job as an air-
 * port radio mechanic for
 American Airlines.”

—lugene K. Basko

 ••I'll always be grateful
 to your training which
 helped me get my pres-
 sent. fine position aa

1 have helped hundreds of men—most of them with NO
PREVIOUS TRAINING—get ahead in TV. Even with a
grammar school education, you can master my practical
methods where vou use actual parts and equipment and
"learn by doing'.

BIG MONEY IN TELEVISION FOR YOU

PREPARE NOW for the thousands of new job oppor-
tunities that will be available for you right in your home
sate, with lifting of government restrictions on new TV
stations. As a well-trained technician, you can write your
own ticket... get more success and happiness out of life.
Don't delay. Mail the coupon today, and let my FREB
BOOKS show you how easy it is.

NO SALESMAN WILL CALI!

 ' S’

  BOTH FREE I
  SEND NO
  MONEYI
  MAIL NOW
  FOR MY
  NEW
  FREE BOOKS!

 Mr. Leonard C. Lane, President
 RADIO-TELEVISION TRAINING ASS’N
 1629 Broadway. Radio City Station
 New York 19. N. Y.	Dept. Ml

 Dear Mr. Lane: Mall me your two new
 books about your amazing 2 for 1 offer
 with no obligation to me. I UNDER-
 STAND NO SALESMAN WILL CALL.

 NAME.,

 _Age_

 ADDRESS-

 CITY-

 -ZONE_STATE

                        I am Interested In:

□ Radlo-TV	□ Advanced FM-TV

VETERANS! If qualified under G.l. Bill, check here □

 RAD!0-TELEV!S!0N TRAINING ASSOCIATION

Approved os a Correspondence Schoo!
under the lows of the State of New York
1629 Broodwoy, Rodic Glv Sta'ion, New York City 19, N. Y.
HELL ON WHEELS!

By BART CASSIDY

Even when old Cheyenne tvas a real “man for breakfast” town, the
classic feud between Jed Mink and Pike Welch created gun-smoke

history!

CHEYENNE became the “Hell on
Wheels” town in the fall of 1867,
and it was a foregone conclusion
that either Jed Mink or Pike Welch—or
both—would be too dead to celebrate the
meeting of the transcontinental ’ railway
tracks which were bound to meet in the near
future. That one man would kill the other
even before the next “end-of-track” point
would be reached was not doubted by any
of the track-layers, gamblers, saloon keep-
ers, or general camp followers who made up
the main, but very temporary, population of
one terminus settlement after another. As
the Union Pacific thrust its steel ribbons
farther and farther into the West, the dead-
ly feud between Mink and Welch was fast
reaching a definite breaking point. But
what the payoff would be, and who would
kill whom, were moot questions. You could
get an even bet any way you wanted it.

  The bad feeling between Jed Mink and
Pike Welch started in a friendly poker
game. At that time, the terminal point was
North Platte, Nebraska. Mink happened to.
produce an extra and convenient ace at the
wrong time and Welch took exception to
the play and cracked him over the head
with a broken beer bottle. Mink retaliated
with a quick knife thrust that grazed
Welch’s cheek. . . .

  The two adversaries were quickly called
to account for their seemingly rowdy con-
duct by the section superintendent in North
Platte. “We’ve got enough trouble as it is,
with this floatin’ population,” the superin-
tendent pointed out, “without you two sec-
tion hand foremen settin’ a bad example to
the men. It’s up to you to stop fights and
such—not to start ’em. Remember, you're
leaders of men, as far as the Union Pacific
is concerned. Behave yourselves.”

  The pair of chastened foremen saw the
light, but only for a short time.

  In Julesburg, Colorado, Mink, once again,

came up with an unaccounted for ace in a
delicate game. Then, with fists and knives,
the two men had a set-to that lasted for an
hour. Spectators called it a draw, and
cheered wildly.

  But it was in Cheyenne that the two
“leaders of men” had a gunfight on the
main street. It was bloody, but far from
fatal for either Mink or Welch. However,
it now became apparent to all that one man
or the other did not have much longer to
live. They had already indulged in three
battles, each worse than the previous one,
but all had ended on an even score. Fate
was being tempted too far.

  Suddenly,, the betting started. Big Tim
Malloy, proprietor of a highly portable sa-
loon, became stake holder for hundreds of
bets. At even money, supporters of the
opponents were laying heavy wagers on
their favorite. It was a case of betting on
which of the two quarrelsome foremen got
buried in the “boneyard"—as end-of-track
cemeteries were called—first.

  On placing a bet with stakeholder Malloy,
the regular procedure was to lay your
money on the line and say, “Fifty dollars
that Mink gets in the boneyard first.” Or,
“Ten clams that Welch makes the boneyard
before Mink does.”

  Malloy, a happy and prosperous business
man, merely deducted five percent of all
monies, as his fee. Personally, he didn't
care which killed which, or who made the
boneyard first. The feud was making him
an'especially rich man. Soon, he figured,
he could retire from this hectic railroad
building riot of a life, take his profits from
saloon and stakeholding,.and retire to the
quiet of the East. Malloy, although avid to
take their money for the rankest of whiskey,
always felt himself far above the railroad
workers, their foremen, and other denizens
of the floating town, “End-of-the-Track,”
(Continued on page 10)
          3 \uu.y
      SEND FOR JOAN THE WAD

         Thousands say:—

 SHE HAS THE SECRET

   In several million booklets you may have read extracts from testimonials
 received from as* far back as 1930. We just take them at random. We
 posses more than twelve thousand unsolicited testimonials, and we know
 from chance remarks that many who swear by Joan, never trouble to
 report to us. Having so many we can’t possibly publish them all, nor can
 we constantly be changing our advertisements, and we have been content
 to keep to those originally published, but such is the immense interest
 being displayed we thought we would depart from our rule in a small
 measure and just publish 3 or 4 of the huge number that have come in *
 recently. Remember, similar testimonials have been coming in unceasingly
 since 1930.	NEVER WITHOUT MONEY

  “I received one of your Histories about three weeks ago, and it has
 brought me luck. Before I received your book I was always without
 money, but now, thanks to you, I am never without money.” (Mrs.) G. O.,

Glos	LOST HIS JOAN—LOST HIS LUCK

  “Please let me know how much to send for ‘Joan the Wad’ and ‘Jack
 O’Lantern.’ I had them both in 1931, but somehow lost them in hospital
 two years ago. I can honestly say that since losing them nothing has
 seemed to go right with me. I know what good luck Joan can bring by
 honest facts I have really experienced ... I certainly know that ‘Joan the
 Wad’ is more than a lucky charm.” Mr. E. S. S., Liphook, Hants.

                   MARRIED A MILLIONAIRE
. . Two of my friends have won £500 each since receiving your
mascots, and another has married an American millionaire . . . Please
forward me one ‘Joan the Wad’ and one ‘Jack O’Lantern’.” C. E.,
Leverishulme '

  BETTER JOB, MORE MONEY, LESS HOURS, IMPROVED HEALTH

  “My dear Joan . . . She has brought me continual good luck and her

 *	influence spreads to every sphere ... I have got a much better job . . .
 greater wages . . . less working hours . . . and my health has greatly
 improved. I have always been a lonely kind of person, but ... a friend of
 the opposite sex, she is also lonely . . . great opportunity for comradeship
 offered. So you see how the influence of Joan works. My pockets have
 always been full and I have had many wishes and desires fulfilled ... I
 would not part with Joan for her weight in gold, she is much too valuable
 in every way. Her powers extend all over the world, and she works un-
 ceasingly for the full benefit of her friends and adherents. She rides in my
 pocket day and night and never leaves me.” D. H. Leeds, 9.

   Just send Two Dollar notes or an International Money Order and a large
 self-addressed envelope to:

JOAN'S COTTAGE 3, LAN I VET, BODMIN, CORNWALL, ENG.

 and I will send you both History and Mascot..
10

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

             (Continued from page 8)
no matter where it happened to be. He was
merely out to get some quick money, and
let the boneyards fill up as they may. He
had nothing but contempt for railroad build-
ers—but great respect for the money they
earned. To him, a tracklayer was the lowest
form of humanity, except when he paid an
exorbitant price for a drink of Malloy's
special rotgut. But Malloy was an honest
stakeholder, as he had proved many times.
Providing he got his five percent.

  When the track-town became Benton,
Wyoming, the feudists, Mink and Welch,
resumed their private war. But it did not
last long. Jed Mink, armed with a .45, and
getting weary of the whole business, settled
the matter by shooting to death the un-
armed Pike Welch. The fact that there had
been bad blood between the two for so long
made it necessary for a hastily summoned
coroner’s jury to decide it was a matter of
self-defense.- Hell on Wheels was a broad-
minded place at all times.

  That evening, as the dead Mike Welch’s
friends made arrangements for a fine funer-
al the next rporning, Jed Mink’s faction
happily collected their bet winnings from
the stakeholder, Big Tim Malloy. He cheer-
.fully paid out approximately $15,000—after
deducting his legitimate fee—to the lucky
ones who had bet that Welch would wind
up in the boneyard before Mink did.

  The following morning, a Sunday, gave
the defunct foreman's friends a chance to
give their champion a fitting burial. Acquir-
ing, for the purpose, a two-wheeled cart,
drawn by a mule, from the local butcher,
the mourners placed the body in a long box
and placed it on the cart.

  While one of the number went to find
some rope to make fast the coffin for its
ride through some mountainous country to
the town’s boneyard, a few miles away, the
other mourners repaired into Big Tim Mal-
loy’s saloon to drown part of their sorrow
at losing both their bets and their friend.
As the rope procurer was gone quite a
while, the burial party got fairly well or-
ganized. Orations were made, and toast
after toast was offered in memory of Mike
Welch.

  The mule, left free at the hitchrack,
got tired of waiting. Pulling his macabre
burden, he slowly ambled off toward the
hills. Two hours elapsed before the mourn-

ers realized that the cart, with its coffin,
was missing. And, what was the sense of
going to the boneyard if you had nothing to
bury ? Joined by the rope getter, who finally
came back, minus a rope, the party resumed
their drinking, in touching tribute to the
departed friend: who had now departed in
more ways than one.

EVENING bad arrived, then darkness,
by the time anybody thought it might
be fittin’ to go out and look for the mule,
the cart, and Welch.

  A quick check with the mule’s owner in-
formed them that the beast had returned to
its home a few hours before sundown, pull-
ing the cart, but definitely minus the long
box containing th'e deceased foreman.

  “Now, if you was a mule,” asked one
puzzled mourner of another, after the group
had once again gathered at Malloy’s bar,
“what would you do if you wanted to get
rid of a coffin on a cart hitched to you?”

  “Don’t rightly know.” came the answer.
“Let’s ask Slim Loper. He's more like a
mule than any of the rest of us."

  When asked the weighty question, Slim
Loper allowed as how he would pull the
burden up the mountain road until he came
to a spot where the unfastened coffin would
just slide off, and down into a deep gully,
under its own |x>wer. Then he’d head for
the home barn.

  When it was proved, the following morn-
ing, that Slim’s mule-like thinking was cor-
rect—the long box, lid partly off, had been
sighted from the road by an early rising
farmer on his way, into town with produce.
Slim modestly disclaimed any credit.
“Hell," he said. “Any fool jackass would've
thought of that."

  Pike Welch’s friends decided to let the
body rest in the deep gully until the follow-
ing Sunday—the best day for a nice funeral.
So long as Welch had to go to the bone-
yard, he might as well wait until the thing
could be done up proper-like.

  The demise of Pike Welch left a void in
the daily, and nightly, life of bis killer, Jed
Mink. Becoming bored, Jed found it neces-
sary to pick someone else with which to
quarrel. He made the slight error of pick-
ing on a man who was very quick and handy
with a knife. By the time Mirk learned of
his mistake, he was dead, the dire and fatal
result of a jagged opening in his throat.

(Continued on page 111)
• • •

ALLURE

with a

"PERSONAL" TOUCH

EXCITING

PANTIES and NIGHTIE
With Motto and Initials

 There's "Sheer" magic in the breathtaking loveliness
 of the chantilly style black lace panties. Fetching and
 fascinating, you "wear your heart on your hip" with
 a daring, darling motto and personalized initials. The
 glorious nightie is an inspiring creation that beauti-
 fully combines clinging fine quality chiffon with del-
 icate peek-a-boo bJack lace. The accent is on lovely,
 lovely you in these glamorous "per-
 sonally yours" garments. Irresist-
 iblegifts that make you irresistible.

Nightie Colors:

Black
Maize Lime
Orchid Apricot
Pink Blue
Panties
in Black Only

 Nighties
 $8.95 ea.
 Panties
 $5.00 ea.

 RUSH

COUPON

 NOW

QUALITY BAZAAR, 214 E. 49th St., New York 17, N.Y.

 Pleose send me ... Nightie, ... Panties. Enclosed $.........check, cosh

 or money order, postage prepaid. Sorry, no C.O.D.

NIGHTIE—Color......... Sizes: 32, 34, 36, 38, 40 f circle sizel

     PANTIES—Black Only, Sizes: Small, Medium, Large I desired J
       MOTTO	( ) I Love You	( ) Forever Yours

ICheckOne] ( I Dangerous Curves I ) No Trespassing

 INITIALS.

 NAME

 ADDRESS

CITY............................. ZONE.

 STATE.
RIDE WITH THE
 GUNSMOKE JUDAS

By
THOMAS THOMPSON

 To everyone but Chet W ainsworth, Gunther was the greatest leader
 the nesters ever had. But Chet knew that both he and the sodbusters
 could expect more mercy from the cattlemen’s guns than from the
 deadly “friendship” of their champion.

TO LOOK at them, no man could guess
that they had started as farmers.
They were bearded and dirty, armed
with knife and gun and rope, and one of
them always stood near the camp, on guard,
ready to kill if need be. They were wanted
in a dozen places. And they were welcome
in a hundred scattered dugouts and soddies.

  The leader of the band, Les Gunther,
leaned back on his elbows with a grass straw
in his mouth, and his lizard eyes looked
across the shimmering heat waves of the val-
ley. He. was a long, thin man with an angu-
lar jaw, the knots of his knuckles the only
12

remaining sign of the years he had spent
grubbing in worthless soil that had never
raised a crop. His wife had left him for a
man with money; there was a hideous scar
on his neck where a cattleman had burned
him with a rope. “That’s it, Chet,” he said
quietly, looking out across the valley.
“Here’s revenge, finally, and along with it
a home for a lot of good people—and we’re
the ones that will get it for ’em.”

  The man called Chet was young. Like
the others he was bearded and dirty and
had the furtive look of a hunted man about
him, but there was also rebellion in his pale
13
14

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

blue eyes. He laughed shortly. “You’re be-
ginning to believe it, aren’t you Les?” he
said.

  Anger was like a drawn curtain across
Les Gunther’s eyes. “You forgetting?” he
said.

  “Not likely,” Chet Wainsworth said.

  “Don’t ever,” Gunther said. “It’s Pete
Bryan that claims that valley. Does that
mean anything to you?”

  Chet Wainworth stood up. He was tall
and well built and the grace of his move-
ments betrayed his youth. “I said I remem-
bered, didn’t I?” he said. He walked off into
an oak thicket, passing the four men
stretched out in the new grass, coming at
last to the lookout stationed in a nest of
rocks at the crest of the knoll. “Well?” Chet
said.

  “Tonight,” the lookout said. His voice
was the voice of an old man and there was
a sprinkle of gray in his whiskers. “The
cowboys will be out at the ranch. We can
ride in and take over the town and come
morning the wagons will be in the valley
and the claims will be staked out.”

  “Then comes the slaughter,” Chet said.
“But we won’t be there to see it.”

  “What’s the matter, boy?” the old man
said quietly.

  “Maybe I’m tired,” Chet Wainsworth
said. “Or maybe I’m sick of lying to my-
self.”

  “We’re giving, the folks in that wagon
train a chance,” the old man said. “That’s
good land down there. Free land. They
got a right to it.”

  “Funny how convincing a man can get
when he decides to become a .saviour,” Chet
said. “Les has even convinced you.”

  “You better get some rest, Chet,” the old
man said.

  Chet shook his head and a tired grin lift-
ed one corner of his mouth. “Maybe I bet-
ter get -some sense,” he said.

HE HADN’T heard Les Gunther come
up behind him. He turned and Les
was standing there, that lazy, loose jointed
slouch making him look half asleep. He
was grinning. “That’s a good thought,
Chet,” Les Gunther said. “A little sense
wouldn’t fiurt you.” Gunther straightened
suddenly. “General meeting, all hands,” he
said. He snapped the order like an army
officer.

  Another month of this, and you’ll expect
us to call you Sir, Chet thought disgusted-
ly. He followed along with Nate Williams,
the lookout, and presently, the other four
members of the gang joined them under an
oak tree. Les Gunther took his j)lace in
front of them, ramrod straight now, his
hands laced behind his back. He paced back
and forth, his eyes on the ground, while the
men waited, tolerant half-grins on their
bearded faces.

  “Men,” Gunther said finally, “down there
is the free land we promised these settlers.
They paid us to bring them here and we
haven’t failed ’em. There’s a cowman by
the name of Pete Bryan claims that valley.”
He paused dramatically. “I know that
name means something different to every
one of you, but to all of us, it means land
grabbing. Pete Bryan won’t like us moving
into his valley.” Gunther’s voice took on a-
deeper tone. “There’s women and kids de-
pending on us, men. The law will call us
raiders and even killers, but God is on our
side. Don’t ever forget that even when things
go against us.”

  Chet Wainsworth felt disgusted. He had
come from a deeply religious family, and it
was this sacrilege that had first driven him
to examine Les Gunther’s real motives. He
knew now what Les Gunther was after, and
there was nothing noble about it. They
would ride down into that valley to plunder
and steal anything they could get their hands
on. Beyond the hill a dozen wagons waited;
farm people who had been driven from their
land and who now followed the shadowy fig-
ure of Les Gunther and his raiders in blind
faith. By morning, those wagons would be
in the valley; men and women would be
kneeling in prayer, blessing the name of Les
Gunther. And by nightfall, those farmers
would be lucky if they were alive.

  Chet didn’t listen to the rest of Gun-
ther’s speech. He had heard it a dozen times.-
It was the only salve Gunther ever used on
his conscience.

  Les Gunther had been a self-styled preach-
er in the Kansas cooperative' community
that had once been home to the men in this
band. He had a persuasive way of talking
and after that bloody night when every
building and nearly half the members of the
community had been wiped out, revenge had
been an easy commodity to sell. Chet
Wainworth, only nineteen, had buried' his
RIDE WITH THE GUNSMOKE JUDAS

15

parents and joined up with Gunther’s raid-
ers.

  At first there were more than fifty men in
the band, an outfit pledged to land reforms
and justice for the nesters, who were spill-
ing west in ever increasing numbers, lured
by the Homestead Act and the cheap rail-
road land. The National Grange was just
starting to form. Les Gunther called himself
its enforcement arm. One -by one though,
the members of the band dropped out as
they saw Gunther bloat with his own im-
portance, but they still supported him in his
reign of blood and violence. In a few, the
seed of hatred and revenge was too strong,
so they remained with the band, and with the
others, the chance for plunder was the only
motive for remaining. Chet looked at the
men, knowing them well. Old Nate Williams.
Metzger, there by the tree. Cluny, Breck-
inridge, Kraft. And himself.

  It was the end of the trail, and Chet knew
it. Of the remaining band, Chet was the
only one not wanted for crimes that had
nothing whatsoever to do with land reforms.
This was an outlaw band now, different
from others only in that it could find sanc-
tuary in the homes of farmers. For, Les
Gunther knew a good thing when he saw it.
He had never let the farmers forget that he
was a martyr to a cause, hunted because he
had fought for farmers’ rights. Chet looked
at Les Gunther now, seeing the hypocrisy in
the man and hating him for it. He saw
Gunther turn' his head and open his shirt,
exposing the scar of the rope burn. Once,
the sight of that lynch noose had fired Chet
Wainworth to the point of blindness. Now
it disgusted him, for he knew that like ev-
erything else Les Gunther did, this too was i
a pose. ,

  “This land is open to homestead,” Les
Gunther said. “You’ve seen the maps and
you know it’s so. Once we get our claims
staked there ain’t no law can put us off ex-
cept the kind of law you carry in a holster
and Pete Bryan himself taught us how to
handle that kind of law.”

  “We’re finally going to fight, then, are
we?” Chet said. He saw Nate Williams
glance at him nervously; he saw the quick
anger in Les Gunther’s eyes.

  “We’re claiming homes for them that
need homes,” Les Gunther said. “We’re al-
ways ready -to fight for the rights of our
own folks.”

  “You’ve said it so damn often you believe
it yourself,” Chet said.

  Gunther’s anger came to full flame. The
other men avoided Chet’s eyes. “There’s
something on your mind, Chet,” Gunther
said quietly. “You better get it off your
chest.”

  “All right,” Chet said, “I will. I’m sick of
your speeches, that’s all. I joined up with
you because a cowman killed my mother and
because I figured folks like my folks wasn’t
getting a square deal.”

  “The rest of us are here for the same rea-
sons, Chet,” Gunther said convincinly.

  Chet laughed harshly. “Look, Gunther,”
he said. “If we’re gonna rob the bank in
that town and loot the stores, let’s do it. But
let’s don’t make out like we got guts enough
to fight Pete Bryan, because we haven’t, and
let’s don’t drag a bunch of farmers down
there with us and then leave ’em there to
fight it out alone.”

ALL the slackness was back in Les Gun-
ther’s frame. Those lizard eyes of his
came veiled and smoky. His voice was a
lazy drawl. “I’ve never stopped a man from
quitting if he was of a mind to quit,” he
said. “I reckon you can find your horse,
can’t you?”

  “Damned easy,” Chet said. “And I can
protect my back, too.” He turned, and
walked rapidly away.

  There was tenseness in his muscles, and
he had trouble with ljis hands when he sad-
dled his horse. He saw Nate Williams com-
ing toward him and he busied himself with
the cinch, trying to avoid Nate’s eyes.
“Don’t do it, boy,” Nate said quietly.
“I’ve got to, Nate,” Ch§t said.

  “Even if you get out of this camp alive,”
Nate said, “you’ll be dead inside a week.
If the law don’t get you right off, some cat-
tleman will. The nesters won’t cover up for
you soon’s they find out you quit Les Gun-
ther. Gunther is like a god to ’em.” The old
man laid his hand on the boy’s arm. “We’ve
gone too far, son,” he said- kindly. “There
ain’t no turning back once you’ve gone as
far as we’ve gone.”

  “Then go ahead,” Chet said savagely.
“But don’t pull a bunch of dirt farmers into
it with you. Go down there and loot and
burn the town, but tell those farmers to turn
back. Tell ’em you made a mistake bring-
ing ’em here. Tell ’em the land ain’t open.”
16

JrlKlfcEN WESTERN TALES

He clamped his jaws and spoke through his
teeth. “Or tell ’em Les Gunther ain’t got
the guts to face Pete Bryan.”

   Nate’s old eyes softened and it was as if
he were seeing things a long time gone.
“Would it be because of Lorraine Petti-
grew?” he asked.

   Chet’s blustering denial betrayed him.
“She’s a pretty little thing,’’ Nate said.
“I jioticed you talking to her a lot the last
week or so when we was bringing the folks
out here.” His eyes clouded. “Maybe I
don’t blame you,” he said, “but I’ve come to
think of my own skin first. Gunther’s crazy
on a lot of things, I know, but he’s right
when he says we can’t afford to have a man
quit the band.” Nate’s eyes turned hard
and he gave Chet a fiat stare. “I agree with
him there, Chet.”

   “Not you, Nate,” Chet said softly. He
reached down and took old Nate’s hand
briefly and for a moment he felt a strong
companionship, remembering the days when
this band had started out with such high
ideals and purposes. “Let one of the others
do it."

   Nate Williams clung to the boy’s hand.
“I'd watch myself there at the end of the
canyon if I was you,” he whispered. “That’s
where I’d lay for you if I had to do the
job.”

   “Thanks,” Chet said briefly. He touched
his spurs and rode across the grassy ridge
and into the canyon that led to the tiny val-
ley where a dozen wagorts were drawn up in
a tight camp, awaiting the signal to pull
across the ridge and claim land they could
call their own. They waited there, know-
ing there was trouble ahead, willing to face
it because they were following Les Gunther
and his raiders, secure in the knowledge that
Les Gunther and his men would help them
fight for their rights. -
But Les Gunther wasn’t going to fight.
He would use the invasion of the nesters as
a cover-up for his own operations and when
the shooting started, Les Gunther and his
raiders would be long gone.

   Chet thought of the nesters, people who
were like his owri people. “You fools,” he
^aid softly. “Damn blind fools, all of you,
but my kind of fools.”

  He rode into the canyon, and now, he
had a rifle in his hand. He had seen men try
to quit Les Gunther’s band before. He had
helped bury three of them.

FOREWARNED by old Nate, Chet rode
cautiously, alert to every movement in
the rocky canyon ahead of him. He started
once when a ground squirrel skittered across
the trail, straining his ears intently to hear
above the sound of his horse’s hooves.

  Somewhere there ahead of him, a man who
had been a saddle mate was waiting now to
kill him. It would be Breckinridge, Chet fig-
ured. He had always liked Breckinridge; he
felt no real malice toward him now. Breck-
inridge was a tool, just as a rifle was a tool.
The crime of murder, if murder was a crime,
rested on the shoulders of Les Gunther, a
man who had started with a shining dream
and then twisted that dream to fit his own
purposes. And the betrayal of that dream
was the real crime.

  The ears of Chet’s horse pricked forward
suddenly and Chet tightened his grip on
the reins. The sun beat down in the little
canyon, its heat intensified by the reflection
from the rocks. Chet felt the burning of his
skin and knew it was partly from tension.

  He didn’t want to kill Breckinridge; he
didn’t want to kill anyone. But there was
no choice. It was kill or die, and again it
was Les Gunther who had brought that con-
dition into being.

  For a moment, Chet considered sinking his
spurs and trying to make a run for it through
the canyon. A man on a running horse made
a mighty poor target. He might be able to
get away with it. But before he could com-
pletely decide, he saw the movement in the
rocks above the trail and-knew that Breckin-
ridge had already drawn a bead on him.
Chet’s shout echoed back and forth across
the narrow canyon. “Don’t do it, Breck.”
And immediately, shattering the echo, came
the-blast of the rifle.

  The lead tore savagely through Chet’s
shoulder, nearly knocking him out of the
saddle. He fought to regain his balance'
while he jerked his own rifle waist high and
fired. .He heard his lead screaming off a
rock and then, an answering blast from
Breckinridge. Chet kicked his right foot free
of the stirrup and dropped to the ground,
using his horse for a shield.

  He fired twice across the saddle before the
horse dropped without a sound, shot directly
through the head. Chet stood there, blood
streaming down his left arm. He heard
Breckinridge say, “I’m sorry, Kid. I’m sor-
ry as hell.”
RIDE WITH THE GUNSMOKE JUDAS

17

  There was a smash of sound that exploded
into darkness. Chet felt himself falling into
a bottomless pit and a dark, dizzying cloud
kept rolling down and piling up on him,
smothering him in the moist blackness. He
remembered the night the cattlemen had
come to the Kansas community. -He remem-
bered burying his mother and his father and
he remembered folowing the loose-jointed
avenger, Les Gunther, a man of God who
would lead grasshopper and drought starved
people, a man who would grintl his heel on
land grabbing, murdering cattlemen. An eye
for an eye, he remembered, and he could
see his father reading from the huge, illus-
trated Bible. But even now, he couldn’t for-
get that same Bible taught a man to turn
the other cheek.

  Everything seemed terribly real. The dark
pit into which he was falling had slimy stone
walls. He gripped at the walls until his fin-
gernails were torn and the pain was alive in
his arms. He lost his grasp and fell into total
darkness.

  And there, in the rocks above the trail,
Breckinridge looked at his still smoking
rifle. He knew lhat he should pump one or
two more shots into the body that lay there
below him. That was the way Les Gunther
would have done it. But Breckinridge
couldn’t bring himself to do it. “Damn it,
Kid,” he said softly. “You shouldn’t never
have tried it.” Shaking his head, he mounted
his horse and turned back toward camp. . . .

  It was deep night when Chet Wainsworth
opened his eVes. The velvet dome of heaven
was spangled with brilliant stars and there
were silver shafts of light reaching down to-
ward the black outline of the rolling hills.
It made him remember the pictures he had
seen in his father’s Bible. He lay there quiet-
ly, feeling a strange contentment as the soft
breeze funneled down the rocky canyon and
bathed his face.

  For those seconds, it seemed to him that
he should expect the fiery angels to be stand-
ing above him, the ones with blazing eyes
and flaming swords; the avenging angels.
The thought- remained but a second and
then, with a great physical shock, he realized
that he was alive. Immediately, he tried to
move and a searing, wracking pain tore at
him, pinning him to the ground. A voice
said, “He’s coming around. Do you have
any more of that whiskey, Sam?”

  A huge, dark shape hovered over him. He

felt a bottle pressed against his teeth. He
fought against it momentarily, then swal-
lowed, and the hot, stinging liquid trickled
down his throat and built a fire in his empty
stomach. The dark shape spoke with a
deep, rumbling voice. “I don’t like ghosts,
Miss Jane. I never did like ghosts.”

  “The man’s alive,” the soft voice said.
“Maybe he is,” the man said, “but he’s
close enough to being dead that he might
still be a ghost. And, if he ain’t a ghost, he’s
one of them Gunther raiders that shot up
the town. I tell you, Miss Jane—”

CHET’S eyes focused momentarily and he
saw the girl. She was like an angel bend-
ing over him. He saw the dim outline of
her face, the soft contour of her hair under
a flat brim hat. “He couldn’t be one of the
raiders, Sam,” the girl called Jane said.
“He’s five miles from town, isn’t he? He
must have been one of the settlers and he
was shot by the raiders for some reason.”
“What you aim to do with him, Miss
Jane?” the man asked.

  “Take him up to the line shack with us,”
the girl said. “Can you lift him?”

  “Miss Jane,” the man said with convic-
tion, “there ain’t nothing Sam can’t lift.”
The darkness came again and now there
was a soft swaying movement and Chet
Wainworth gave in to it. He was not sure
if he had dreamed these things or if they
were so. He only knew that at the moment,
he didn’t care. It didn’t make that much
difference. Death, he decided, was sometimes
easier than living. A long time later, voices
awakened him.

  He stared up at rough, hand-hewn rafters
and light trickling through the cracks be-
tween shakes. He was in a bunk of sorts.
His clothes had been removed and he was
wearing a man’s shirt that was big enough
to serve as a nightgown. He stirred uneasily
and realized that his torso and left shoulder
were bound tightly with bandages. He let
his right hand stray to his face and found a
thick, matted growth of-beard, and when
he touched his lips, they were dry and
cracked. His cheeks felt sunken and hol-
low.

  Presently a door opened, the light momen-
tarily blinding him, and then the opening
of the door was filled with the tremendous
bulk of a man, with a body like the trunk
of a tree, and huge arms and shoulders that
18

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

sloped up into u bull neck. Chet’s eyes
moved up and the man grinned, exposing a
mouthful of solid gold teeth. “You a little
late for breakfast, Mister,” he said.

  “You’re Sam, aren’t you?” Chet said.

  The big man threw back his head and
laughed and the sound rumbled all through
the room of the cabin. “Doggone I guess
you ain’t a ghost after all,” Sam said.
“Leastwise I ain’t never had a ghost call me
by name before. Miss Jane! Doc!” he bel-
lowed.

  Two more people came into the cabin.
One was a tall, sparse man and Chet thought
of him immediately as a preacher. The other
was the girl, and now Chet started searching
his mind, wondering if there had been dreams
scattered through the blackness, or if this
was an actual person and she had really
bathed his face and brushed the hair off his
forehead. The girl came to the bed smiling.
“It’s been a long time,” she said.

  “How long?” Chet asked.

  “^week,” the girl said. “I’m Jane Bryan.
And this is Doctor Acton. It’s lucky for
you and the rest of your people that he was
around.”

  “It’s more than luck,” the doctor said.
He had a deep, resonant voice. “This boy
had the Man upstairs on his side. You go
on out, Jane. I want to have a look at
him.”

  Thoughts started building in Chet’s mind;
they were almost tangible, as if he could see
them; they were like an inverted pyramid.
The small thought at the apeex was the name
of Bryan, focused and sharp, and then, there
was another row of thoughts and another
and another, always building, always ex-
panding, until suddenly, he was remember-
ing Les Gunther and Breckinridge and old
Nate and he was remembering the twelve
wagons in the * little valley. The farmers
who were going to claim free land, land that
was already claimed by Bvran, the cattle-
man.

  The doctor was fumbling with his ban-
dages. “Thinking about something, son?”
the doctor said.

  “Jane,” Chet said. “Jane Bryan. She’s a
cattleman’s daughter.”

  “That’s right,” the doctor said, going on
with his work. “Why?”

  “A cattleman’s daughter,” Chet Wains-
worth said. “She saved my life.”

  “Any reason why she shouldn’t?” the doc-

tor said, his voice firm and low and sure.

  Chet thought of the cattleman who had
killed his father and mother and the name
of Bryan kept drumming against his ears.
He squeezed his eyes tightly closed. “I don’t
know, Doc,” he said. “There’s so damn
much I don’t know.”

  He opened his eyes and the doctor was
staring at him intently. “Admitting that this
is the first step toward learning something,”
the doctor said quietly.

CHAPTER TWO

An Eye for an Eye

CHET sat on a stump in front of the
line shack, the good sun pouring
into his mending body. There was
a basin of warm water on his lap and the
girl was standing by him, her left hand
against the side of his cheek. She dipped the
straight razor in the basin and shook the
water free and smiled at him. “If shaving is
such a painful process,” she said, “I should
think all men would wear full beards.” The
razor scraped noisily against his cheek.

  “I feel like a darn fool,” Chet said. “I
never had a woman shave me before.”
“Well,” Jane Bryan said, “I’ve never
shaved a man before, so we’re even.”

  “Why do you bother with me?” Chet
said.

  The girl looked at him intently. She had
blue eyes, the kind of blue that sometimes
comes in the twilight when the shadows lay
thickly against a bushy slope. “Curiosity,”
she said, and he knew it was more than that.
“I want to see what you look like under that
beard.” She puffed out one cheek, distorting
her face. “Do that,” she said.

  He felt a soft, langorous contentment such
as he had never known in his life, and then
like a wedge, splitting his peace of mind,
came the thought of the settlers who had
taken their wagons into the valley. He had
avoided talking about it, but now he had to
know. “What happened that night?” he
said. “The night you found me.”

  She paused now and looked straight into
his eyes. “A band of raiders shot up the
town and tried to rob the bank.”

  “Tried?” he said quickly. “They didn’t
get away with it?”	'

  She was still watching him closely, try-
ing to read his thoughts. “No one accom-
RIDE WITH THE GUNSMOKE JUDAS

19

plishes anything by force,” she said. She
waited for him to argue that, and when he
didn’t, she said, “Doc Acton was ready for
them.”

  “Doc Acton?” he said, puzzled.

  “Doc is the marshal as well as the town
doctor,” she said. She moved directly in
front of him and spoke as if she wanted to
shock him into some confession. “Doc
killed two of them.” She waited expectantly
but he held his questions, grimly silent.
“One man was quite short," she said. “He
had red hair. The other was a fat man with
two fingers missing on his left hand.”
Clunny and Breckinridge, he thought to
himself. He felt no real emotion. “I was
thinking about the farmers,” he said. “What
about them?”

  He saw the gladness come into her eyes.
“They’re your people, aren’t they?” she
said.

  “I have no people,” he said brusquely.
“You talked a lot when you were uncon-
scious,” she said quietly. “I know they’re
your people.”

  He stared at her, wondering how much he
had said, wondering how much she knew,
and suddenly, he was seeing her as a cat-
tleman's daughter prying into his affairs.
“Why did you save me? he said. “So your
dad would have somebody to hang in the
middle of Main Street?”

  There was no responding anger in her
eyes but there was something deeper, a hurt.
“If my father knew you were here, you
wouldn’t be alive,” she said softly. “He
hates nesters the same way you hate cattle-
men, and just as unreasonably.” She turned
swiftly, hearing a sound down the slope,
and following her gaze, he saw the six riders
in the flats below them. She snatched the
basin from his lap and spilled the water.
“Get in the cabin,” she commanded.

  “I’ve got nothing to run from,” he said,
a deep anger in him.

  “Nothing but a lynch rope,” she said.
“Get in the cabin!”

  He stood up quickly and felt the pain in
his side and realized he would be completely
helpless to defend himself. Reluctantly, he
went to the cabin and closed the door and
stood there, breathing heavily, remembering
old Nate’s warning that he would be an out-
cast, hated by nester and cattlemen alike,
wanted by the law. ...

  There was a breech loading rifle hanging

on pegs on the wall and underneath, a box
of shells on a little shelf. He took the gun
and loaded it and stood by the front win-
dow, peering between the rough curtains.

  The riders were coming slowly up the hill,
led by a giant of a man with a fierce red
beard. Chet’s mouth went dry and an old
hatred consumed him. All the men were
armed with rifles and they had six-shooters
belted around their middles. There were
coils of rope on their saddles. He saw the
girl standing there in front of the door, her
arms folded, a completely defiant figure.
The red-bearded man reined up close to her.
“I’ve come to take you home, Jane,” he said.

  “I’m not going, father,” the girl said
quietly. “I told you that. Not as long as
you try to be God.”

  “If I find rattlesnakes in my bed, I kill
them,” Pete Bryan said. He spoke across
his shoulder. “Bring that horse up here,
Stinson. If she won’t get on it, put her on
it.”

  A thick-set, brutish man rode forward,
leading a saddle horse. “You better come
along, Jane,” the man called Stinson said.
He was grinning wolfishly.

  “No,” the girl said.

  “I said put her on the horse, Stinson,”
Pete Bryan said.

  Stinson stepped out of his saddle. He was
a thick man, his sleeves rolled back to expose
hairy arms. He started moving toward the
girl and Chet, from his vantage point, could
see a growing excitement in the man’s eyes,
as he passed by. Then, he stood beside the
girl and grinned. “Don’t run from me,
Jane,” he said. “I’ve got your dad’s per-
mission this time.” He reached out quickly
and put both arms around the girl, pulling
her close to his own body, deliberately pro-
longing the struggle. The glass crashed as
Chet Wainworth pushed the rifle barrel
through.	* .

  “Get your hands off her, Stinson,” Chet
said.

AT THAT moment Big Sam, who had
-f*- been out gathering wood, came around
the corner of the cabin. He stopped dead
still, his eyes going wide, and then he gave
a bellow of rage. He rushed in and his
mammoth arms gripped Stinson from be-
hind. Lifting the heavy man as if he were
a child, he smashed him down against the
ground.
20

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

  Big* Sam’s chest was heaving, his eyes
wild. “Don’t you never put your hands on
Miss Jane,” he murmured.

  “Why you devil!” Stinson exploded. His
hand reached for his holster and Chet’s
rifle exploded.

  The bullet sprayed gravel in Stinson’s
face and stopped his draw. Pete Bryan sat
there, rage flooding his face, peering at the
cabin. “Who you got in there?” he said
finally.

  “No- one you know,” the girl said defi-
antly.

  Stinson picked himself up from the ground.
“It’s one of the nesters, boss!” he shouted.
“Who else could it be? Doc Acton has been
takin’ care of the ones that got away and
she’s been helpin’ him!”

  “Surround the cabin!” Pete Bryan com-
manded.

  Chet Wainworth had reloaded the rifle.
“I’ll kill the first man that makes a move,”
he said softly. “I’m not one ot the nesters.
I’m one of Les Gunther’s raiders, and I
learned the hard way how to deal with cat-
tlemen! I been looking for you a long time,
Pete Bryan. Ever since the night you burned
out a town in Kansas just because nesters
owned it. Do you remember that night,
Pete Bryan, or shall I tell you about it?”

  Pain that was greater than the wounds in
his body dragged at Chet Wainworth. He
stood there in the darkness in the cabin
with the rifle thrust through the window, the
bore centered directly between Pete Bryan’s
eyes. His finger tightened against the trig-
ger and all the old memories and the old
hatreds were strong in him. Then the girl
moved directly between him and her father
and Big Sam’s hand reached into the waist
band of his trousers and came up with a
cocked six-shooter. “Mr. Pete,” Sam said,
“I worked for you a long time. Don’t make
me turn against you.”

  Pete Bryan was suddenly an old man.
He was tired and his shoulders slumped and
he stared instantly at his daughter. “Don’t
do this thing to me, Jane,” he said softly.

  “I can’t stand any more, father,” the girl
said, and the tears were close.

  The old man’s shoulders straightened and
there was hatred in him too, and old mem-
ories. “I aim to wipe out every nester that
was in that bunch that came into the valley,”
Bryan said. “As far as I’m concerned it
makes no difference if they’re just dirt

farmers or part of Les Gunther’s raiders. To
me they’re one and the same and you and
Doc Acton won’t change my mind. If you
and Sam and Doc Acton go on protecting
’em, Jane, I’ll count you as one of them.”
“All right, father,” the girl said quietly.
“Then we know how we stand.”

  A sound that was half way between a
curse and a sob broke across Pete Bryan’s
lips. He wheeled his horse savagely and
signaled to his men with a wave of his hand.
He rode back down the slope toward the
flats, spurring his horse wickedly, and the
riders followed him. A deathly quiet set-
tled around the little line shack.

  The girl ran a short distance, as if she
would follow her father, then stopped and
stood with her hands gripped at her sides.
She was sobbing so bitterly that Chet could
hear her. He leaned the rifle against the
wall and walked out into the sunshine. “You
were a fool to get mixed up in it, Sam,” he
said. “There was no need of it.”

  The mammoth man looked at Jane Bryan
and he looked at Chet Wainsworth. “What-
ever Miss Jane does is right, Mr. Chet,”
Sam murmured. “I like to be right. It’s the
only way a man can live with himself.” He
thrust the six shooter back in his waist band
and walked rapidly around the cabin.

  For a long time, Chet Wainworth stood
directly behind the girl as the memories that
were part dreams and part realities became
totally real. In his mind, she was standing
over him, bathing his face, pressing cold
towels against his forehead. The memory of
her eyes was strong on him.. Then he broke
away from his thoughts and said “I’m sorry,
Jane, Your father won’t change and neither
will I. What I said just now was the truth.
I’m not a farmer looking for land-. I’m one
of Les Gunther’s raiders. I’m an outlaw and
a killer and it makes no difference to me if
a man runs cows or digs in the dirt just so I
get what I’m after.”

  She turned swiftly and she was facing him,
the tears bright in her eyes, the torment that
was in her plain on her face. “That isn’t so,
Chet,” she said. “I told you you talked a lot
when you were unconscious. I sat by your
bed and held your hand and you talked
to me as if you knew I was there. You told
me everything you believed.”

  “A man can lie,” he said.

  She shook her head slowly. “Not when
he’s telling his dreams. Not when he’s tell-
RIDE WITH THE GUNSMOKE JUDAS

21

ing of having his own land and building his
cabins and marrying and settling down and
raising children.”

  “I never thought such a thing,” he said
bitterly.

  “You did, Chet,” she said. “And you had
talked about it before with a girl. A girl
named Lorraine Pettigrew.”

HIS nostrils flared and the muscles were
tight knots at the butts of his jaw. He
had talked, then. And he had told the
truth. The real truth that lay deep within
him, smouldering and churning, the dream of
peace that was at constant war with his
hatreds and his thirst for revenge. “I lied
to her then,” he said. “I told her what she
wanted to hear.” There was deep resentment
in his voice. “I’ve ridden a long ways, Jane,
and my one thought was to kill your father.
Anything I have done or said was building
toward that one thing. I came here for
that reason and that reason alone. If you
thought yoii could change me, I’m sorry
about it, because you can’t.”

  “I can’t change you,” she said, “but a
man can change himself.”

  “It’s a woman’s way of thinking,” he said.
“It’s broken a lot of hearts.”

  She seemed tired—too completely tired to
even raise her voice. “You fool,” she said
sadly. “You pitiful men. You and my father
both. If you kill my father will it end your
memories? If he kills you will he sleep
better?”

  “Pete Bryan sleeps well,” he said, “and
he eats well.”

  She shook her head. “There’s no under-
standing in you, is there?” she said. “You
don’t see that what tortures you could tor-
ture another man do you?”

  “I know what I know,” he said.

  “Do you?” she said. “Do you know that
my father made a mistake once because he
believed a lie? Do you know that he had a
brother—a brother he loved very much? My
uncle. My uncle was found there in Kansas,
stripped, beaten and hanging from a limb.
Some said it was the farmers who did it and
my father was part of a band that killed and
slaughtered “nd burned because of it.”

  She moved in front of Chet Wainworth
and made him meet her eyes. “My father
has never had a full night’s sleep since, Chet
Wainworth. I’ve seen him sit in front of the
fire by the hour, rubbing his hands together,

twisting them and turning them, trying to
rub the blood away. And instead of getting
down on his knees and admitting his mistake
to God, he keeps lighting, swearing that
every farmer that ever lived brought this
thing on him when it’s only his own con-
science that bothers him.” A short sob broke
her voice and she shrugged her shoulders
as if it didn’t matter any more. “Go ahead,
Chet Wainworth. Take a horse from the
corral. I’ll give you your gun belt and your
gun and I’ll give you the rifle and the am-
munition, too, because you’ll need it. Go
ahead, Chet Wainworth, keep building a fire
under you revenge and your hatred and
sometime when it has consumed you com-
pletely, think of Lorraine Pettigrew and the
dream you had—”

  The tears spilled over and she ran toward
the cabin. She paused at the doorway and
glanced at him briefly. “And think of me,”
she said bitterly.

  She hurried inside the cabin and threw
out his gun belt and his six-shooter and the
rifle and its shells. They landed in the dirt
in the yard and the cartridges scattered and
he had to pick them out of the dust. Then,
the door slammed and through the shattered
window, he could hear her sobbing. Chet
Wainworth took the weapons and started
walking slowly toward the corral. He saw
Big Sam standing there, waiting for him,
and then he saw the saddled and badly used
horse in the corral. Presently Doc Acton
came out of the shed and started unsaddling
the horse. He didn't look at Chet Wain-
worth. He spoke across his shoulder. “You
leaving, Chet?”

  “You intend to stop me, law man?” Chet
said.

  Doc Acton turned and looked steadily at
Chet, his cavernous eyes serious, his thin,
drawn face grey with tiredness. “Why,
Chet?” he asked. “Do you want t<3 be
stopped?”

  “I seem to have-run off at the mouth,”
Chet said. “I figured maybe you’d want to
be a hero. You could set up a scaffold in the
main street, of *the town, hang me and leave
me there for a day or so. That ought to set
you in pretty good with Pete Bryan.”

  “I suppose it would,” Doc AGton said. “I
suppose it would at that.” He stared stead-
ily at Chet. “But I’m most interested in
setting good with myself, Chet. That bay
there is a good horse. You’ll find what’s
22

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

left of the settlers in the little valley at the
end of the canyon and I reckon you’ll find
Les Gunther there too. They’re about ready
for a leader fike him, in spite of anything I
can tell them.” He turned, ignoring Chet
completely. “Or maybe you’d do as their
leader, Chet. Sam will saddle up for you.”

  Big Sam moved woodenly. There was a
great weight inside Big Sam. It puzzled him
and tormented him. Big Sam’s thoughts
were simple and direct. He had seen Jane
Bryan cry softly in the night during that
time when they didn’t know if Chet Wain-
worth would live or die. He had seen Jane
Bryan stand against her own father be-
cause of Chet Wainworth. That was a
mighty big thing to Sam. That was a wom-
an, choosing her man, standing against the
world because of her man. That was the
biggest thing there was, Sam figured. He
shook his head. “I hope you know what
you’re doin’, Mr. Chet,” he said. “You bet-
ter know, Mr. Chet, because if you don’t
know, I reckon I’m gonna have to kill you.”

CHET rode away from the cabin slowly.
He had put an arrogant set to his shoul-
ders for he wanted to show his contempt for
these people who seemed to be obsessed with
the idea that the world could be right.

  He was fighting hard now to protect him-
self, knowing that if he let down for even a
moment—if he dared to discuss this thing
with Doc Acton—he might be forever lost.
Again it was that old childhood struggle and
the complete inability to understand wheth-
er a man should claim an eye for an eye or
whether a man should turn the other cheek.
He rode away and when he was out of sight
of the cabin, his shoulders slumped and the
pain inside him hurt him until he wanted to
cry like a baby.

  He made himself think of that night in
Kansas and of those burning cabins and the
meetings that had followed. He saw again
Les Gunther standing on a box shouting his
curse against all cattlemen into the torch
lighted night. Such talk had been food once
to Chet Wainworth, and balm for his grief.
It had been blood in his veins -y the something
a man needed, to go on. A man had to have
a cause and a belief, and a strong belief was
one that was sired by blood and revenge
and the blind charge behind a flag.

  Chet’s shoulders pained him. Perspira-
tion was thick on his face and it ran down

his neck and down the crease of his back.
He thought of Jane Bryan, and not wanting
to think of her, immediately thought of his
own father and mother and how they had
lived and worked together, always striving
for something, always struggling. And get-
ting nothing, he thought bitterly. Nothing
but flame and death for a lifetime of effort.
And immediately he knew that was a lie.
They had had each other: they had had their
happiness. They too had had a belief, a
cause to follow, and they had followed it.
A belief that was imbedded in basic love.
If fate had been cruel to them, he supposed
that, in their way, they had turned the other
cheek and built upon those disappointments
and gone on. But damn it, they were dead.
Or were they?

  He came at last to the canyon and the
scraps and remnants of the campsite where
he had broken with Les Gunther. Down the
trail, he saw the very spot where Breckin-
ridge had shot and wounded him and he
saw the place in the trail where he had fallen.

  It gave him a feeling of great apartness.
He sat there on his horse and stared down
at the spot where for a time, at least, he had
lain in death. It was as if, suddenly, he had
become two different people; one the dead
shell there on the ground, the other this
whole man riding a horse and trying to make
a decision. The feeling obsessed- him and
tormented him until it was almost as if he
had a choice to make, right here, in this very
place. He could pick up that dead body,
that empty shell, and wear it again and ride
on; or he could leave it there in the trail,
start anew, and make his decisions all over,,
again. He rode down the trail, glad to be
rid of the feeling that had been so strong on
him.

  The little valley was a pleasant place. Its
grass carpet was sprinkled with wild flow-
ers that blared in the bright sunlight. But
now there was a feeling of tension and ha-
tred that sullied the very air. There were
two wagons there in the valley, two out of
twelve. Suddenly, Chet knew the tragedy
that had hit this band of settlers.

  He spurred his horse into a run, forgetting
the pain in his shoulder, and he searched
the faces upturned toward him. He counted
them by the dead rather than by the living.
Ten men missing, ten out of nineteen. He
saw the women around the community cook
fire and by reading their faces he kew his
RIDE WITH THE GUNSMOKE JUDAS

23

count had been correct. He dismounted
stiffly and stood there, waiting to be invited
in or rejected, not knowing which it would
be. Old Luke Pettigrew came forward.
“Chet Wainworth,” he said. “Thank God
you’re alive. How about Mr. Gunther and
the others?”

  The title of respect told Chet that these
people hadn’t recognized their betrayal by
Gunther. They still believed Les Gunther
was their leader and that he had fought for
them and been driven off. “I got separated
from the others,” Chet said. “I don’t know
how they are, except that Breckinridge and
Cluny are dead.”

  “Good men, both,” Pettigrew said. “Damn
good men.” His white beard trembled with
his rage and he shook his fist at his God.
“If Les Gunther’s alive, he’s got ten more
teiders to ride with him, I promise you that!
Ten more now, and in time, we’ll have ten
times ten, because there’ll never be no peace
until every cattleman is driven off the
plains.”

  There was muttered assent, and glancing
at the men, Chet recalled again that first
night when Les Guther had talked his way.
This was the dream stuff, the building of the
fire, the ideal that blinded a man until there
was no right except this one way. It was
just a forward movement without thought,
a stampede without reason.

  He saw Lorraine Pettigrew detach herself
from the group by the fire and walk toward
one of the wagons. He went to her and she
looked up at him, her gladness unmasked in
her soft, brown eyes. “I’ve prayed for you,
Chet,” she said quietly.

CHAPTER THREE

Their Type of Man

HE TOOK her arm and walked away
from the wagon, across the end of
the little valley where the wild
flowers were thick and the deep, moist heat
of late spring lay over everything. The fra-
grance of 1'ie grass and growth was in their
nostrils, needing only the scent of newly
turned sod to make a completeness. “It must
have been bad,” he said, nodding his head
toward the wagons.

  “It was terrible, Chet,” she said. “We
were met by. a blast of rifle fire.” Her eyes
grew puzzled. “If you and Mr. Gunther

and the others could have gotten to us—”
He took both her shoulders and turned her
toward him. “Look at me, Lorraine," he
said. “Look at me and listen. I couldn’t get
to you because I wasn’t there in the first
place. Breckinridge shot me because I
wanted to quit Gunther’s band.”

  “Quit?” she said, not believing.

  “Gunther had no intention of helping' you.
He wanted to rob the town, get what he
could get and go on. Gunther doesn’t care
whether you ever get that land or not. He
doesn’t care about anything except himself.”
He saw the disbelief in her eyes and then
something that Was almost anger. “You have
no right to talk that way about a man who
has dedicated his life to helping us,” she
said. “Why do you talk this way?”.
“Because it’s the truth,” he said.

  She stared at him, wanting to believe him
because she loved him, not wanting to be-
lieve him because, if he were telling the truth
then everything they had done was wrong.
“But Pete Bryan,” she said. “You told me
about him and of how you had to fight him.
How you could never rest until you found
him—”

  “I found him,” he said. “And it was Pete
Bryan’s daughter who saved my life.”
Lorraine Pettigrew was staring deep into
his eyes. She smiled, but it was a smile that
trembled. “I see,” she said softly. She
turned quickly so that Chet could not see
her face. “I bless her for helping you, Chet,”
she whispered.

  He stayed in the camp that night and was
fed and treated like a hero, for no one but
Lorraine knew that he had tried to desert
Les Gunther’s band and the name of Les
Gunther was on every tongue, almost like a
prayer.

  “If Les Gunther got away, he’ll be back,”
Luke Pettigrew said. “I reckon if I know
Les Gunther, he’s out rounding up extra help
and we’ll smash Pete Bryan and everything
that’s his. We’ll clean a wide swash behind
us and let folks come in and settle and then
we’ll move on to the next place. Wherever
there1 s a cow on free grass, we’ll move.”
Chet Wainworth listened, a sickening con-
viction growing within him. Old Nate Wil-
liams had been right. He was an outcast.
Even among his own people, for, as soon as
they discovered that he had turned against
Les Gunther, they would turn 09 him with
a savage hatred. For they were strange,
24

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

these settlers. They-were individuals, every
one of them, and yet they could be happy
only in a group. They started making laws
before they unpacked their wagons, for they
were a peaceful people, but if any man broke
one of their laws, their justice was wickedly
swift. They avoided trouble and violence,
but if trouble and violence came to them,
they could fight back with the ruthlessness
of an Indian.

  “We’ll wait two more days,” Luke Petti-
grew said. “If Les Gunther ain’t back by
then, I say we go it alone.”

  “We need a leader,” Pers Legal said. “A
man can’t jump on his horse and go off in
six directions all at once.”

  “We’ve gol Chet Wainworth,” another
said. “You, Mary, pour Chet Wainworth
another cup of coffee.”

  “Chet Wainworth is the likely one,” Luke
Pettigrew said.

  Chet drank his coffee and stared at the
fire and the warm glow of being wanted as
a leader fell across him like a warm shadow
and then, was gone. “Maybe if we formed
a committee,” Chet'said carefully. “Maybe
if we went under a flag of truce and talked
with Pete Bryan.”

  There was a long silence and then Luke
Pettigrew laughed uproariously and slapped
his knee. “Danged if you ain’t got the sense
of humor, Chet Wainworth! You’re shot
half to hell but you-can still joke!”

  The rest of the men roared their laughter
and it filtered out across the valley, a strange
sound mingling finally with the weeping of
women whose husbands were dead.

  So, for two days they waited, their impa-
tience growing as they saw their horses and
their cattle strip the little meadow clean
and saw their own food supply dwindle away
to nothing. During those two days, Chet
heard much of the way Doc Acton and a
nameless giant had helped after the battle
there in the valley. If it hadn’t been for
them, they all agreed, they could have been
trapped and wiped out. The giant had
packed in additional food and the doctor had
taken care of the wounded.

  “The Doc worked as hard as if he was
gonna be paid for it,” one man said. “How
a man as fine as him can stomach livin’ in
a cow town, is more than I can see.”

  “The only reason he helped us is because
he’s got an eye for business,” Luke Petti-
grew said,^always the cynical one. “He

knows if us farmers move in here there’ll be
that much more business for him.” Luke
laughed shortly. “Farmers have lots of
kids.”

  Chet got up and moved away from the
men. Then he saw Lorraine Pettigtew com-
ing across toward him.

TT WAS difficult for him to talk to Lor-
raine now, for there seemed to be so lit-
tle he could say to her. Every time he tried
to talk to her he found himself wanting to
explain about Jane Bryan. He wanted des-
perately to discuss his feelings with her, the
way he knew he could have discussed them
with Doc Acton or with Jane herself. But he
had no such basis of discussion with Lorraine
and he found himself suddenly lonely when
he was with her. '

  They walked together silently, arm in arm,
until they were a good distance from the
camp. Lorraine stopped suddenly. She was
a pretty girl. A small breeze stirred her
chestnut hair. She looked up at him and
said quite seriously, “You’ve never kissed
me, Chet.”

  “A man don’t make a promise until he is
sure he can keep it,” Chet said.

  “Kiss me,” she whispered, and she moved
close to him and tilted her face toward him
and he could feel the warmth of her, the
longing.

  He had dreamed of this girl a hundred
nights and he had seen her in the flame of
his campfire. The fragrance of her flesh was
a memory in his nostrils and sometimes he
thought of her with a savage, man hunger.
For a swift second, the possibility of fulfill-
ment was there in his eyes and she saw it
and waited expectantly and then she saw the
light die. He leaned forward and kissed her
on the lips without taking her in his arms.
She closed her eyes lightly and he did not
see the two tiny tears that squeezed from
between her lids. “Thank you, Chet,”' she
said. “It’s not a promise. Don't ever think
of it as such.’'’

  She turned and ran quickly back to the
wagon and he stood there, tormented in his
mind, knowing that in some way he had
hurt her, not knowing exactly how.

  A tremendous tumult rose over by the
camp. Chet looked that way and saw a
horse running erratically down the slope.
A man was clinging to the saddle, swaying
to one side and then the other. One foot
RIDE WITH THE GUNSMOKE JUDAS

25

was out of the stirrup and the leg dangled
as if it had been shattered with an ax. A
choking fear rose inside Chet and he went
running headlong, stumbling across the close
cropped ground. The rider’s hat was gone,
exposing the iron grey hair. It was old Nate
Williams.

   Because he had been further up the valley
Chet was able to reach Nate well ahead of
the men from the camp. He pulled the horse
to a stop and turned to help the old man out
of the saddle, but he was too late. Nate had
already fallen. He hit the ground heavily
and he lay there panting, blood bubbling
across his lips. He kept staring up at Chet,
his pupils round and bright. “I tried to quit,
Chet,’’ he panted. “Glad to see vou made
it.”

  “Where’s Les?’’’Chet demanded. “Kraft
and Metzger? They still with him?”

  The old man fought to answer, his eyes
rolling wildly now. His tongue licked the
blood from his' lips. “Kraft, Metzger, Les,”
he said. “They’re coming here. Les figures
he can organize a new band with these
men—” The old man coughed, fighting for
breath. “It’s wrong, Chet. I tried to quit.
After you left I knew I had to quit, because
you were right, Chet. Don’t ever forget you
were right—”

  It was the last words Nate Williams said
or ever would say. The men from the camp
came running up, their breathing noisy and
heavy in the sudden silence. “Nate Wil-
liams, ain’t it?” Luke Pettigrew said.
“VVhat’d he say? What’d he say about
Gunther?”

  Chet Wainworth turned and looked at the
men and he looked beyond them to the wag-
ons and saw the women around the fire and
he saw Lorraine Pettigr?w standing alone.
And suddenly he knew that this thing that
had happened was not a fight that belonged
to these people or to any other group. No
fight was a group fight, but a struggle that
started in the individual and then spread.
These folks were chips swept up in a tide,
the same way he had been swept up, and
they were wrong to be carried along this way
because they tvere not making up their own
minds to anything. They were letting some-
one else do their thinking, and that, he real-
ized suddenly, was the same thing that had
happened to Pete Bryan. He had let others
do his thinking and he had ridden along on
a raid and because Pete Bryan was a rich

and powerful man, his name had been re-
membered when other names had been for-
gotten.

  “What did Les Gunther say?” Luke Petti-
grew demanded again.

  “He sent word for you folks to wait right
here,” Chet Wainworth said.

  “Wait?” Luke Pettigrew said. “Then
what?”

  “You’ll know by tomorrow,” Chet Wain-
worth said. “I'll get word to you.” He
started toward where his horse was picketed.

  “And you?” Luke Pettigrew said. “What
do you aim to do?”

  “I aim to go see Les Gunther,” Chet said.
“Him and me have got a couple of things
to talk over.”

  “Good!” Luke Pettigrew said explosively.
“Then we can get things straightened out
around here.”

  “That's what I figger,” Chet Wainworth
said softly. “You take good care of Lor-
raine, Luke.”

TTE WAS able to back track old Nate’s
horse far enough to make sure that
Nate had ridden down the canyon. From
there he rode by guess and hope until he
came to Les Gunther’s original campsite and
there again he picked up the trail and saw
that it led across the hogback down toward
the line cabin where Jane Bryan and Doc
Acton and Big Sam had been staying. He
felt a quickening of his pulse as he thought
of Jane, but his real mission drove the emo-
tion from him.

  He would circle around the cabin, he de-
cided. He didn’t want Jane nor the others
to see him, for he knew now that this was
a thing he would have to settle alone.

  He dropped into the swale and climbed
the low, rolling hill, and had reached the
top before he heard the first crack of rifle
fire coming from a great distance. He
reined up sharply, a sickening panic inside
him, and then he sunk his spurs and rode
furiously down the slope, his urgency put-
ting all thoughts of bodily pain from his
mind.

  Presently he came to the clearing. He
could see across to the line shack and the
corral, a good distance away, and now there
was a rapid firing from the side window of
the cabin which he recognized as pistol shots.
The answering fire from the corral was slow
and confident. Nearer, on this side of the
26

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

cabin, he saw three horses and knew that
one of them was Les Gunther’s grulla dun.
The horses stood spread legged, heads down.
They had been ridden to death and that ex-
plained to him the reason for Les Gunther’s
stop here at the line shack. “Why in the
devil didn’t you give him horses, if that’s
what he wanted?” Chet thought fiercely.
“Why did you have to get mixed up in this?”

  He saw a man run from one cover to an-
other out there in the corral and he thought
he recognized the man as Metzger. Chet
jerked his rifle from the saddle boot, shoved
in a shell and rode straight in toward the
cabin, intending to thrust himself between
the cabin and the men there in the corral.

  At that moment Les Gunther and Kraft
broke from cover and ran straight toward
the cabin, crouched low, ducking from side
to side. There was no answering fire from
the cabin and Chet remembered with a sick-
ening realization that he had let Jane Bryan
give him the only rifle. Big Sam had a six-
shooter and probably not much ammunition.
Chet saw Gunther and Kraft plunging their
shoulders against the flimsy door as he raced
toward them and he was positive he heard
a woman scream.

  Chet threw himself from his horse, ripping
open the old wound in his shoulder. He
felt the throbbing pain of it, felt the blood
seeping through his shirt. He ran on foot,
the rifle still gripped in his hand, and now
he was yelling Les Gunther’s name.

  Gunther half turned and in that second,
the door opened and Big Sam came rushing
through, his tremendous fists flailing. “Stand
back, Sam,” Chet yelled, unable to fire now
for fear of-hitting Sam.

  But Big Sam didn’t hear. Miss Jane was
in danger and Big Sam knew only one thing
to do. Chet saw the big man’s hands lock
around Kraft’s neck. He saw Kraft jerked
from the ground and swung from side to
side and then Sam threw him half way across
the yard. Kraft lit in a crumpled heap, his
neck broken, and Sam turned toward Les
Gunther.	v

  There was a muffled sound of a pistol shot
and Sam kept pushing forward, bearing
Gunther down to the ground, still fighting
with every ounce of breath that was in him.
Chet heard Gunther scream. There were
two shots from the corral and dust puffed
from Big Sam’s shirt as the bullets tore into
him.

  Big Sam got to his feet and Les Gunther
darted inside the cabin. There were three
more shots from the corral and Big Sam
stood there, taking the lead, shaking like a
tree under an ax with each smash of a bullet.
He seemed to be totally blind and totally
unable to realize his position. He started to
walk directly toward the rifle there in the
corral. He walked with a steady, deter-
mined gait that became a long shuffle and
Chet could stand it no longer. He too started
running toward the corral, calling Sam’s
name.

  Bullets kicked around Chet’s feet and now
Big Sam had reached the corral fence. He
tried to climb it. He got one foot on the
bottom rail and that was as far as he could
go. He fell that way and hung across the
fence, his feet touching on one side, his finger
tips touching on the other. Chet threw him-
self flat on the ground and started firing,
reloading, firing again. He had never known
he was capable of the savage rage that was
in him now.

  There was the sound of furious struggling
inside the cabin but no shots from that di-
rection. Over in the corral, Metzger was
fighting to keep cover behind a double cor-
ner post. Chet saw the man’s shoulder.
He snapped to his feet, threw the heavy
Springfield to his shoulder and fired. Metzger
spun out from behind the post, gripping his
shoulder, and Chet fired again. Metzger
fell and Chet loaded and deliberately put
another shot into the man’s body before
running toward the cabin.

  Les Gunther had knocked Jane to the
floor. At the sound of the door flinging open,
he whirled to face Chet, a gun in his hand.
Chet swung the rifle barrel and crashed it
across Gunther’s shoulder. The impact
knocked the six-shooter out of Gunther’s
hand and in the second he was off balance,
Chet swung the rifle again.

  This time Gunther was ready. He reached
up and gripped the rifle barrel and twisted
savagely, tearing it out of Chet’s single hand
grip. Chet’s left arm hung uselessly at his
side. An evil grin distorted Les Gunther’s
face. He came rushing in and Jane, there on
the floor, reached out and gripped one of
his ankles.

  Gunther fell hard and Chet was on top
of him, slugging with his right fist, beating
at the face of the man who had turned a
dream into senseless slaughter.
RIDE WITH THE GUNSMOKE JUDAS

27

A DIZZYING blackness seeped over Chet
and he could no longer tell what he was
doing. The pain of his wound and the weak-
ness of his sickness overcame him. He fought
against it and he heard his own breath sob-
bing in his lungs, trying to gulp in new
strength. He knew that Jane was there with
him, fighting with him, doing what she could.
He saw Les Gunther’s face and he smashed
his fist against it and he knew he could not
raise his arm again. There was not that
much endurance in a man.

  When he regained consciousness he was
still there on the cabin floor. The place was
a shambles, the planks blood-splattered.
He saw Jane first, her clothing torn, her hair
hanging loose, a wicked bruise spreading
across her cheek. She was kneeling beside
him, her hand caressing his face. He looked
at her, and knew he loved her, and knew
that love was stronger than the hatred be-
tween a cattleman and a sodbuster. He real-
ized suddenly that there were other people
in the room. He turned his head and looked
directly into the eyes of Pete Bryan.

  The old cattleman stood there, his red
beard giving a fierceness to his appearance,
but his eyes now were the eyes of a defeated
man. Pete Bryan too knew that love was
stronger than hate. He turned and stalked
swiftly out of the cabin, a man who, regard-
less of what came, would have to keep his
pride.

  Doc Acton came forward then. He knelt
down beside Chet Wainworth. “There’s
damn little use in patching you up, boy,”
he said. “You just get yourself torn open
again.”

  Chet tried to get to his feet. “Les Gun-
ther,” he said. “How about Les?”

  “He’s outside,” Doc Acton said. “Taken
care of.”

  “How’d you get here?” Chet asked.

  “I had<*one over to the settler's camp,”
Doc explained. “I cut through town to pick
up some things and missed you that way, I
guess. Jane and I decided that if we could
get the settlers up here to a meeting so we
could all talk we might be able to work out
something. We couldn’t go to their camp
because Jane’s dad was watching for that,
so I brought the settlers here.”

  “They’re here now?” Chet interrupted.

  “They’re outside with Les Gunther,” Doc
Acton said, and by the way he said it, Chet
knew what it meant.

   “They decided to believe the truth about
Gunther,” Chet said.

  It was Big Sam that made them decide,”
Doc Acton said. “Big Sam was a friend to
them. When Jane told them what Sam had
tried to do and how Gunther had shot him.”
“Don’t talk any more,” Jane said. She
reached out and smoothed Chet’s hair.

   Doc Acton got up and left the cabin and
Jane and Chet were alone. She leaned closer
and kissed him on the lips. There was a
small sound that might have been a sob, and
when Jane and Chet looked up Lorraine
Pettigrew was standing there in the doorway.

  Some instinct given only to women told
Jane the identity of this girl. Jane stood up
slowly, unable to meet the other girl’s eyes,
and then she said quietly, “I’ll go, Lorraine.
It’s your place here with him.”

   Lorraine Pettigrew managed a smile. She
shook her head slowly from side to side.
“No, Jane,” she said.

   “He told you?” Jane said.

   “That’s right,” Lorraine Pettigrew said,
and now her smile was genuine. “He told
me.” She turned and went outside.

   On a tree, a hundred yards from the cabin,
the body of Les Gunther twisted slowly on
the end of a rope. Luke Pettigrew and the
other settlers stood silently, not proud of
what they had done and not ashamed. They
were strong men, men who hated violence,
but men who would never run from it.

   Pete Bryan saw them, and in this moment
of rough justice he understood them and
knew them to be men of his own calibre.

   “If you come hellin’ and roarin’ back into
that valley,” Pete Bryan said, “me and my
boys will meet you with hellin’ and roarin’.
And if you think we give you a fight the last
time, wait’ll you see the next one.” He spat
through his red beard. “If you come into
that valley quiet and peaceful like decent
folks,” he said, “you’ll be treated like de-
cent folks. If you want to keep my cows
out of your corn, you better build yourselves
some damn fences.”

   He jerked his horse around and rode down
the hill and the settlers looked at each other
and nodded their heads, knowing that here
was a man they could understand.

  Inside the cabin Chet Wainworth and
Jane Bryan heard none of this. But they
held to each other tightly, knowing that
whatever had been wrong was now right;
knowing for sure that it would always be
so.	0 0 0
By

HENRY

CARLTON

JONES

It teas bloody showdown hour in
Painted Rock, and the sheriff’s wife
could only count off the seconds,
and hope she’d won her desperate
battle to stay . . .

 THE

DEADLY

SECOND

28

The hands of the clock still
had several long minutes to
creep before they reached the
deadline!

THE knot under Mattie Cameron’s
heart tightened as she entered the
Hunsaker store and read the pity in
the eyes of Will Hunsaker. And when
Pamela Hunsaker darted a quick look at her
husband and began to chatter about the new
ginghams they’d just received from St. Louis,
she knew it was true.

  For the Hunsakers were her friends, a
THE DEADLY SECOND

29

kindly pair . . . friends of Andrew’s too. She
knew that well. And she knew they were
sorry for her. It was easy to see in their
eyes, in their embarrassed manner, for they
were simple people, not skilled at pretense.

  She listened to Pamela’s too-rapid discus-
sion of the new ginghams and fingered their
textures lovingly with fingers that were
numb. And she, too, tried to pretend, as the
Hunsakers were trying. But her mind was
racing.

  “So it’s a showdown,” she thought. “An-
drew’s going to fight him. In spite of his
sore arm.” And she knew, with awful cer-
tainty, that Andrew could not win. Not with
his draw slowed down by that stiff arm . . .
hurt two weeks ago when he’d stopped a run-
away horse on the public square.

  “That pink and white check’d look awful
pretty on you; goes just right with your blue
eyes and yellofr hair.” Pamela was holding
up a bolt of cloth for her to admire. But
Mattie wasn’t listening any longer. She was
through pretending. She had to talk. To
try. Had to do something before she snapped
inside.

  She pushed back the bolt of gay cloth.
“Pam . . . Will . . she began. Then, rush-
ing on. “Can’t somebody stop it? Andrew’s
in no condition to fight. It’s all he can do to
hold a gun ... or even use his hand to feed
himself.” She stopped, staring at them, from
one face to the other.

  It was hopeless. She saw it in their faces.
Andrew was the sheriff. He’d ordered Bob
Dell to leave Painted Rock. She’d overheard
scraps of conversation, broken off abruptly
when she appeared, at the post office earlier
in the morning. Now she knew Bob Dell
hadn’t left town, didn’t intend to leave. He
intended to stay and fight it out with the
sheriff . . . Andrew.

  And, stiff arm or not, Andrew would face
him, meet him for the showdown to see .who
was boss in Painted Rock . . . law or outlaw.
There was nothing she could do. But she had
to try.

  Will Hunsaker was squinting out the front
door of the store. His leathery, lined face
wore an expression of acute unhappiness as
he stared over toward the new' yellow brick
courthouse in the square. Gazing over his
shoulder, Mattie saw that the clock in the
tower said six minutes before ten.

  The store keeper shook his head and
turned toward her. “Andy’s our sheriff,

Mattie,” he said softly. He added, “And a
good one.”

  “And he’s also my husband . . . and I don’t
want to lose him.” Mattie said through stiff
lips.

  “I know. I know.” Will said gently. Then
he shook his head, sadly this time. “But he
figures he’s got his job to do. I don’t reckon
he’d want anybody interferin’ in his affairs.
And if he’s made .up his mind he won’t
change it. He never does.”

  Mattie broke in hotly. “But what differ-
ence does it make whether Bob Dell leaves
town or not.” Her voice was high, strained.
“Suppose Andrew did order him to leave . . .
and he doesn’t go? What of it?” She felt
Pamela’s hand, in a gesture meant to be
soothing, sympathetic, on her arm but she
shook it off. “Why does it matter? Why?”

WILL HUNSAKER tried to explain pa-
tiently. “Bob Dell’s a gunfighter. A
mean man. He’s like a diamond back rattler.
Apt to strike anytime and at anybody in
reach. And he’s lookin’ fer trouble. If he
stays in town somebody’s apt to get killed
.... That’s why Andy told ’im to get out
of town. Figured it was his job to make him
leave before Bob decides to throw down on
somebody.”

  “That isn’t it.” Mattie cried. “You know
it isn’t. Bob Dell’s been trying for a year
to get a showdown with Andrew. Wrhen he’d,
have an advantage, like now; when Andrew’s
arm is still stiff.” She twisted her hands
nervously. “Oh, when will this country start
being civilized?”

  Pamela answered as Mattie knew she
would. <lBon’t you see, honey?” she said,
and her voice was low, soft, intense, “That’s
why Andy’s standing up to Bob Dell. Andy’s
part of what you just called civilization. He’s
the Law and the Law means civilization.
And if the sheriff lets an outlaw gunfighter
back him down—” She hesitated, then
pointed to the new courthouse. “Well, that
new courthouse over there just wouldn’t
mean a thing.”

  .But Mattie didn’t want to listen. She
pushed past her, eyes blind with sudden
tears. They didn’t attempt to stop her.
They’d tried to help, tried to make her un-
derstand, but she couldn’t. She didn’t want
to. She just wanted to save Andrew—her
Andrew.

  Outside her little heels beat an angry
30

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

tattoo on the plank sidewalk that ran around
the square. She rushed blindly, not knowing
where she was going.

  Then she wheeled suddenly, held up her
skirts above the dust of the littered street,
dodged between two teams, and started
across the street toward the courthouse. In
crossing she met Mr. Stapleton, the T & P
stationmaster, who bowed and tipped his hat
politely but she hurried past him.

   Zack Burnside, Andrew’s only deputy, also
jailer, was alone in the sheriff’s office. Tilted
back in his chair, with his feet on the desk,
he was reading an El Paso newspaper. She
saw him gulp and hastily remove his booted
feet from the desk.

  “Why, howdy, Miz Cameron. This here’s
a unexpected pleasure.” Zack said uncom-
fortably. He lurched to his feet, removed his
battered hat to expose a damp fringe of
mouse-colored hair around a bald pate of
startling whiteness.

  “Is Mr. Cameron around anywhere?” she
asked, trying to smile. She never referred to
Andrew by his first name in public and sel-
dom came to the office.

  “Why, no ma’am. I’m afraid he ain’t.”
Zack answered slowly. “Seems like he said
he was goin’ over to Sam Sawyer’s Hver’
stable. Somebody stole a set of harness off
Sam th’ other night.”

  Something told her Zack was lying. An-
drew was somewhere else, keeping an eye on
Bob Dell, watching to see if Dell left town
or not, making sure no trouble broke out.
She came to the point with a swiftness that
left Zack no defense.

   “How long did he give Bob Dell to get out
of town?” Her voice was hard and.brittle.

  “One o’clock.” Zack looked distressed
and fingered his bald spot nervously. Then
he unconsciously hitched up the heavy pistol
that sagged at his belt. He frowned and
stared at the worn toes of his dusty boots.

  “What time is it now, Zack?” she asked.

   Zack tugged out a thick silver cased watch.
He sprung open the cover and deliberately
studied the dial.” One minute before ten,”
he said. Not many men had watches in
Painted Rock but Zack was one who did.
Clocks were scarce, too, in this frontier coun-
try. Such things were expensive luxuries.
An idea began to form in Mattie’s mind.

   “Do you think Dell will leave?” she asked
quickly.

  “No ma’am. I don’t.” Zack’s tone was

blunt, his voice ro\igh with some deep emo-
tion. He continued to stare at his boots.

  “Then there’s no way to stop it?” she said
hopelessly.

  Zack shook his head. “Not unless Bob
leaves town before one there ain’t. Andy
Cameron never changes his mind or loses his
nerve. If Bob ain’t gone at one, he’ll be
right out there by them South steps, lookin’
for ’im, like he told Bob this mornin’.” He
lifted his head and she looked into his eyes,
eyes that held that faded, bleak look she saw
in the eyes of so many Western men .. . and
hated every time she saw it.

  She tried another possibility. “Is Judge
Musgrove upstairs?” She indicated the dis-
trict court room on the second floor over
their heads. The old judge, with his calm
good sense, might know how to prevent the
battle.

  “No, ma’am. Court ain’t in session this
week an’ I guess he’s out at his ranch lookin’
after things.” Zack took a deep breath. He
went on. “I reckon I know how you feel,
Miz Cameron. But they ain’t anything any-
body can do t’ stop it. Andy told ’im t’ leave
an’ if he don’t pull freight outa here by one
—well—there’ll be trouble. But I’ll be
around t’ make certain everything’s fair.”
He paused and looked away.

  There it was. The Western code. Nobody
could interfere to stop a gunfight once it was
fated. All anyone could do was “be around
to make certain everything was fair.” But
there wasn’t anything fair about this. She
knew it and Zack knew it . . . and Bob Dell
knew'it.

  Wearily she turned away. “Thank you,
Zack. It’s nice to know you’ll be around ...”
she swallowed . . . “To be sure everything’s
fair.” She went out, aimlessly and halted in
the barren emptiness of the deserted corri-
dor. Down the corridor, she could hear
voices in the county clerk’s office but she
knew no one there she 'wanted to see.

  One o’clock. The fateful words rocketed
through her mind. One o’clock. One o’clock!
One o’clock! Clock! Clock!

THEN the idea came to her. A plan so
desperate she hardly dared believe it
might succeed. She darted a quick glance
back into the sheriff’s office to see if Zack
were watching her but he had already re-
seated himself and was staring at the El
Paso paper again with a troubled expression
THE DEADLY SECOND

31

on his tanned face. She gathered her skirts
and stole quickly up the stairs.

  When she reached the upper floor, she
ignored the closed doors of the courtroom,
she hurried instead to the ladder leading to
the attic which opened into the clock tower.
She scrambled breathlessly up the ladder
and crouched in the hot darkness of the
attic, feeling for the narrow plank walk laid
across the rafters that led to the base of the
sqfiare tower containing the huge clock.

  It was the second time she’d been there.
Once, only a year before, when the court-
house had .just been completed and the clock
was being installed and tested Andrew had
brought her, his bride, up to see its great
gears and mechanism at close range. They’d
even watched, by lamplight, while the clock-
smith who’d come all the way from Philadel-
phia, had installed the clock and adjusted
the hands of the four faces so they’d keep
the same time.

  Fumbling in the semi-darkness of the
tower’s base, she found the heavy key, a steel
shaft two feet long with a square end that
fitted into the winding gear. She hefted it
in her hand, wondering if it would serve her

purpose. She started the swing that would
smash the gears of the clock.

  Then, slowly, sick with dismay, she low-
ered the heavy "key.

  To smash the clock and stop it would not
accomplish her purpose. Out here in the
West, a man who didn't own a watch or clock
could take a quick squint at the sun and cal-
culate instantly, within a few minutes, the
exact time of day. The brief exultation she
had felt a moment before died away and she
sank down on the plank runway, head buried
in her hands.

  Four feet from her ears, she could hear the
heavy, steady whirring and clicking of the
clock’s gears. Somewhere in that intricate
mass of brass and steel something squeaked
faintly, pleading for a drop of oil.

  As she huddled there in her misery, con-
scious of that relentless recording of the pas-
sage of Time so near her she began to
grapple with yet another scheme. It seemed
almost too fantastic ... but there might be a
way Time could be made to serve her in this
crisis. Hardly breathing she fumbled for the
tiny door in the North face of the clock.
Something clicked and it swung open, leaving

                                               HI TOOK HER TIP, and look at his hair nowl
                                               ‘Vaseline’ Hair Tonic can do as much for yoy.
                                               Just a few drops a day check loose dandruff... keep
                                               hair naturally good-looking. It contains no alcohol
                                               or other drying ingredients. Gives double care to
                                               both scalp and hair ... and it’s economical, tool

_Vaseline HAIRTONIC

     ' ' , v,'	M	TRADK MARK®

k ■ ' ' "	Listen to D*. CHRISTIAN,

.....Warring JiAN HERS HOLT,

‘VASELINE ia the registered trade mark of the Cheaebrough Mfg. Co., Cool'd	«o CBS Wednesday night..

                                                   "... IMAGINE Ml dancing with a scarecrow! How
                                                   can he be so careless about his hair? It’s straggly,
                                                   unkempt, and ... Oh-oh—loose dandruff! He’s got
                                                   Dry Scalp, all right. He needs ‘Vaseline’ Hair T onic.”
32

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

an aperture just big enough for a man . . .
or woman ... to thrust out an arm and reach
the hands of the clock. She felt for the
hands.

  “It might—just barely might work,” she
muttered as her fingers closed over one of
the big metal hands ... the long one . . . the
minute hand. She pulled stoutly on the hand,
moving it forward a few inches. She paused,
tugged it a little further. Then she snapped
shut the little door and turned to the south
face.

  Opening the little door facing south she
peered out, searching. In front of one of the
bars and saloons along the south side of the
square she saw what-she sought. Bob Dell’s
big red chestnut gelding with the white
stocking on its right rear foot was tied to the
hitch rack in front of Tim’s Bar. She rec-
ognized the horse instantly because it was
famous for its speed and Dell was mighty
proud of it. She made a clucking sound with
her lips. If the horse was there, Dell was
bound to be inside .. . where he could see the
South face of the clock . . . and the South
steps of the court house every time he looked
out. Even if Dell owned a watch he wouldn’t
bother to look at it with the big clock staring
at him from across the street.'

  She reached out a hand that trembled a
little, grasped the minute hand of the clock’s
South face and pulled it back . . . hard.
Then she slowly closed the little door and
climbed down the ladder and stole out of the
courthouse.

  If anyone had seen her tampering with the
clock, there was no way she could know. She
just had to take a chance on that. Sooner or
later someone would notice the clock faces
did not show the same time but it might go
undetected for a day or two ... at least long
enough for her purpose.

  With renewed hope she made a dignified
circuit of the square, covertly observing each
of the four faces in turn, trying mentally to
estimate how many minutes it took her to
walk around the little square.

  The hands on the South face showed ten-
six. Those on the North ten-fifteen. Allow-
ing a minute or so for the time it took her to
walk around that meant the North face was
approximately ten minutes faster than the
South face.

  There was nothing more she could do just
then, so murmuring a little prayer she turned
North and walked the three blocks to her

home, where Andrew Cameron, according to
his custom, would eat his noon meal at his
own table.

  As she walked swiftly, gazing straight in
front of her, she hoped she had- not over-
played her scheme, had not changed the
time so much the difference would be obvi-
ous. She realized her entire plan was founded
on a slender thread of Time—ten minutes—
and if the thread snapped — She shook her
head, refusing to think.

  She had his meal ready even before she
heard his firm step on the little front porch.
Then there he was, looming big and tall in
the tiny dining room.

  “Howdy, honey,” he greeted her quietly
and she ran for his kiss, holding him to her,
feeling the hard muscles of his arms and
chest. Then she backed off, looked up at
him, a hand on his right arm. “How is it
today, Andrew?”

  He was taking off his coat, then the heavy
belt with the big gun and cartridges. He laid
the gun carefully on a chair before he an-
swered. “Better,” he said. “Almost well.”

  But she knew it wasn’t true because she’d
felt him flinch a-little when he held her to
him for that kiss. She turned away silently,
bringing food to the table.

  She hurried because she knew he wouldn’t
eat until she had everything on the table and
was seated with him. That was just one of
the things about Andrew she liked, a quiet,
natural courtesy.

AS SHE brought food to the table she
studied this big beloved man of hers.
At thirty-two, Andrew Cameron was easily
the best looking man in Painted Rock. There
was a clean, rugged strength about him that
revealed itself in'every little gesture. Now,
he was offering her the meat platter, holding
it carefully in a big, brown hand. Not awk-
wardly but competently and carefully. It
was his way.

  She looked at his broad forehead. Wide
jet black brows, over deep-set intensely blue
eyes. Rather long naturally wavy black hair.
The long, hard jaw, the strong tanned neck.
But the nose was what marked him. It was
a strong man’s nose, high arched but perfect-
ly straight. And on each side of it, two faint
lines were beginning to etch themselves down
the cheeks toward the corners of the wide,
firm mouth. It was the face of a strong man,
a leader, the face of a man to inspire con-
THE DEADLY SECOND

33

fidence—and hold it. As he turned his head,
there was something commanding in the
movement. Then he smiled, showing the
white, even teeth she had always admired.

  The words they exchanged were routine,
casual. Andrew was not a talkative man and
she always tried to match his mood.

  “How you feel, honey?” His voice, for
such a big man, was not especially deep but
it had a pleasant resonance that always
thrilled her.

  “Oh, all right. Just fine. Try the green
beans.” She held the bowl toward him. “We
won’t get many more unless it rains.” The
beans had come from their own little garden
patch, carefully tended in the backyard.

  “They’re good!” he complimented, chew-
ing. His eyes were watching her. She noticed
he’d hardly taken his eyes from, her face
since he’d entered the house. One o’clock!
He, too, was probably thinking this might be
all they’d ever have together—just one won-
derful year. Yes, that was it. Why his eyes
were on her so constantly. Like his eyes were
memorizing her face.

  She realized then he’d stopped eating, was
just sitting there looking at her, quietly. He
started to say something, appeared to change
his mind and picked up his fork again, han-
dling it carefully because of his sore arm.

  “More steak?” She pushed the plate to-
ward him invitingly. He shook his head,
smiling.

  “Then how about some hot coffee?” She
refilled his cup carefully and set the pot back
on the s'tove.

  She sat back down and toyed with her
food, not eating, almost shuddering at the
thought of food. She looked up and met his
eyes again. There was love and kindness and
a great hunger in them . . . and sadness.

  “Andrew,” she choked. “What made you
take the job as sheriff?”

  A flicker of something came over his face.
Then it was gone and he was composed
again. But there was a strange darkness
deep in his eyes.

  “Somebody had to. They thought I was
the man.”

  “But why you, Andrew? Weren’t there
other men?”

  He shifted uneasily in his chair. “Sure.
Plenty of others. But most of ’em were too
quick on the trigger or liked the bottle too
well or. . . He paused and she saw that
bleak expression she hated come into his

eyes, that look she couldn’t understand.

   She didn’t know how far she dared to go.
In spite of the love between them there was
something at times about Andrew that
warned her not to go too far, not to tamper
with man business.

   “This’ll be my last term,”.he said finally.
“Think I might study law. Judge Musgrove
has offered to loan me some of his books.”

   Mattie gave a little cry. “Oh, Andrew! I
thi«k that would be wonderful. I’ll bet you’ll
make an awfully good lawyer.”

   “But in the meantime,” he went on, his
voice suddenly flat and toneless, “I'm the
sheriff.”

   Mattie thought for a minute he’d tell her
about Bob Dell and the showdown. But he
didn’t. He didn’t ever talk about such things.
And if one o’clock meant the end, he didn't
want to worry her about it ahead of time.
Andrew was like that.

   They finished their meal and Andrew went
to rest a few minutes in his big chair while
he read a book. The chair faced the front
door and through the front door the court-
house clock was clearly visible. She saw him
glance at the clock as he sat down and she
looked too. The hands said seventeen min-
utes until one.

   She stacked the dishes quickly, then joined
him. She always waited until he’d left the
house to do the dishes. She never tried, as
so many wives did, to impose on his mas-
culine pride by wheedling him into drying
them for her. She felt his few minutes at
home during the noon hour meant too much
to both of them to be wasted on such a trir
vial task. And today, of all days, she wanted
every second of his companionship.

   As she sat, eyes alternating from the dis-
tant clock back to Andrew she took an em-
broidery hoop in her hands and made list-
less motions with a needle.

   She saw him glance up again, staring at
the clock, then felt his gaze on her, felt the
fierce intensity of it. She steeled herself to
remain calm.

   Then he was rising reluctantly to his feet.
“Almost one. Gotta go, honey.” He stood
there for a moment, flexing the stiff fingers
of his right hand.

   She flew to him, suddenly wild. “Don’t
go yet,” she begged. She felt him drawing
away. “Don’t go,” she whispered. She put
all the seduction and appeal at her command
into her invitation. “Stay here with me.
34

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

Don’t go back this afternoon.” She clung
against him, her body close against his, beg-
ging him.

SHE could feel him quiver; knew he
wanted to stay. Then his hands were
removing her arms from around his neck;
gently, but with a strength she could not re-
sist. He kissed her tenderly, buckled on his
gun belt, slipped his coat on.

  All her life she had been contemptuous of
those useless, helpless women who sit -and
wring their hands in time of distress but now
she found herself doing it. Sinking down on
the edge of Andrew’s big chair she sat, grip-
ping her hands together, staring at the clock
in the distant courthouse.

  The hands of the clock now pointed
squarely at one. That meant Andrew, not
suspecting the clock on the North face was
fast, was already at the courthouse, standing
at the South steps waiting for Bob Dell.

  And if her plan had worked ... as she had
planned . . . Bob Dell would still be in Tim’s
Bar, thinking he had ten or eleven minutes
.eft . . . waiting . . . watching the slow min-
utes creeping past . . . and seeing Andrew
standing out there by the South steps waiting
for him.

  That was what she was counting on—Dell
seeing Andrew there early, according to the
hands of the clock’s South face, standing
there . . . early; waiting for him.

  She tried to project her thoughts into Bob
Dell’s mind; make him wonder, worry. Make
him weaken in the face of Andrew’s calm ap-
pearance of confidence. Maybe his arm isn’t
bad after all. He looks too confident.” That’s
what she wanted Bob Dell to be thinking to
himself as he looked through the door of the
bar and saw the sheriff over there waiting for

him . .. while the hands of the clock still had
several long minutes yet to creep before they
reached the deadline . . . one o’clock. But
suppose Bob Dell didn’t weaken?

  While she tortured her brain with these
thoughts, Mattie’s own eyes were staring at
the creeping hands of the same clock . . .
the North face. In a breathless agony of un-
certainty, she watched those iron hands and
her lips moved silently as she counted off the
slow seconds and minutes, trying to steel her-
self against the sound ... if it came. Finally
she shut her eyes, unable to look. . . .

  At last she opened her eyes. There had
still been no sounds of shots. Fearfully she
looked at the clock. One-thirty!

  Then something broke inside of her and
she was running, out of the door, down the
street . . . running frantically, all thought of
pride or dignity forgotten.

  She found Andrew in the courthouse cor-
ridor calmly talking with a group of men.
But he drew away from them when he saw
her coming and came to meet her. He didn’t
try to pretend now but just opened his arms.

  “His nerve broke. He left town.” Andrew
said, his lips against her cheek. 1
Zack’s gruff voice spoke at their shoulders.
“The boys over at Tim’s said Bob was full
of fight right up to a minute or two before
one. Then the strain of waitin’ so long got
loo much for ’im. He pulled out. Probably
won’t ever be back. Once a man don’t stand
up for a showdown, he’s through.”

  But Mattie hardly heard him. Her face
was buried against Andrew’s chest and all
she could hear was the steady, measured
beating of his heart, that faithful heart she
knew would always be true to her and to all
the things he felt were his duty . . . such as
the Law and Civilization.	O O O

— EXPENSIVE VICTORY —

  Pioneers took strong ^views on such things as free elections. Here’s
how one town kept them free, in the simplest sense of the word. Officials
of Appomatox, Kansas, facing a county-wide vote that would determine
which village should be the county seat, signed a written agreement
with the officials of other towns .to refrain mutually from fraud. They
agreed also that the winning community should pay all expenses.

  In those days, it was as much as their lives were worth—let alone
their job. When Appomatox won, and news of the agreement got out,
the citizens suggested elevating their leaders to even greater heights
top place on a lynch pole, to be exact. Only by making up the expenses
from their own pockets, did the people’s servants survive.
THE
BUSHWHACK
BARGAIN

By RICHARD FERBER

 A killer-for-hire and in need of a job could hardly turn down
 that easy offer to make himself a hundred dollars .... merely by
 shooting an unarmed lawman right where his suspenders cross!

JESSE HARDER tied the sorrel pony to
the rail and took two long steps across
the walk to the swinging doors of the
saloon. Inside, he paused briefly, his tall,
angular body relaxed, his eyes moving lei-
surely about the almost empty saloon. Be-
hind the long, wooden bar, the barkeep
watched him indifferently; the two other cus-
tomers, storekeepers by their dress, turning
momentarily to scrutinize him. Harder
moved up to the bar, nodded his head at the
barkeep and dug in the pocket of his jean^
for a coin. He found one and felt it tenta-
tively. Except for a few smaller coins, it

seemed singularly alone. This would have
to be a fast job.

 ‘‘Where do I find the sheriff of this town?”
 he asked casually.

 The two storekeepers turned to eye him
 again.

 “If you mean old man Clayburn, stran-
 ger,” one of them said, “he’d rightly be sleep-
 ing this time of day.”

 “A good idea,” Jesse said.

 “You a friend of Mark’s, son?” the store-
 keeper said.

 Jesse laughed a little. Despite his forty
 years there was always some old man to call

33
36

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

 him son. But how much longer could that
 last?

  “I don’t know the man,” he said.

  He kept his eyes away from the two store-
keepers. He had seen them when he came
in and that was enough. He knew their kind.
They were harmless, useless little men and
when trouble started, they’d dive for the
nearest table. And the barkeep was the same
. .. except for the shotgun under the bar and
the right, safe opportunity to use it. The
man was checking the shotgun now, he noted,
for his eyes were moving from Jesse’s face to
a spot under the bar and back again nerv-
ously. Harder smiled significantly at the
man, but the man was stupid—he didn’t
understand.

  The whiskey had made Jesse sweat and he
pulled a soiled bandanna from his jeans and
wiped his forehead carefully, leaving an edge
of caked trail dust along the hair line.

  “It’s hot,” he said.

  “Sure is, stranger,” one of the storekeepers
said, laughing. “It ain’t likely you’ll be able
to wake up Mark Clayburn on a day like
this.”

  Jesse didn’t answer. He turned half-away
from the men and leaned his elbow on the
bar. Outside, under the swinging doors, he
could see the street of the little town. It was
late afternoon and the street was empty, the
dust lying thick but undisturbed. He stared
at it for a long time, then sighed and turned
back abruptly to the two men.

  “Will one of you tell the sheriff I want to
see him?”

  The smaller man looked start'ed for a mo-
ment and then shrugged his shoulders.

  “It’s like I say, mister, on a day like this
he ain’t likely to want to be waked up.”

  Jesse smiled thinly, but there was a look
of impatience on his face. This was always
the hard part, the preparation. It was easier,
more painless, if it was done quickly. It was
a cleaner, neater job.

  “Wake him up,” he said curtlv. “Tell him
I want to see him. Tell him there’s a man
over here that wants to kill him.”

  The storekeeper’s iaw dropped, but he-re-
covered quickly and started to laugh, a gig-
gling, high-pitched woman’s laugh. Then he
stopped suddenly, his mouth open again„

  “That’s a bad joke, mister,” he said.

  “Tell him,” Jesse said. He turned away
from the man, planting his elbows loosely on
the bar. Behind him he heard the man fidget-
ing and then the quick, nervous sound of his

boots as he went toward the door. In a"mo-
ment his companion had followed him.

  Jesse took the remaining change from his
pocket and put it on the bar. He looked up
at the barkeep and found that the man had
moved away from him slightly.

  “Pour me a drink,” he said. “Then go
down to the other end and stand in front of
that shotgun. If you see anything that you
don’t like, grab it. But grab it fast.”

THE man poured the whiskey, his hand
shaking a little, his breath wheezing loud-
ly in the stillness of the saloon. Jesse watched
with indifference as he moved down the bap.
He took a sack of tobacco out of his cotton
shirt and began making a cigarette, slowly
and methodically. He frowned once when' a
few grains spilled out one end of the paper,,
for his sack of tobacco was almost empty.
But in a few hours, he thought, it wouldn’t
matter. A hundred dollars would buy a lot
of tobacco. It would buy a lot of whiskey,
too. and a shave and a good bath, and a
steak and maybe after that a woman. Not
here, though. In some other town where he
wasn’t known, or was already forgotten. It
wa= always that way.

HE’D been in Little Butte, fifty miles to
the south, when he’d met the Tolman
brothers and the other man. the little half-
brwd named Ramos The half-breed had
sem him near Gila Bend once after he had
kil'pd a counle of Apaches for a Mexican
randier, and had heard his name. That was
a lorg time ago, before his name had gotten
around, but the Mex recognized him all
riwht.

  The two brothers had come up to him.
Thev needed a man, they said. He hadn’t
tried to deny that he was Jesse Harder, the
samp T°sse Harder that killed men for a
pr'C" he had simply said:

  “What’s your proposition, gents?” It
wasn’t only because he was broke; it was the
easiest thing to do.

  The Tolman brothers were thick, burly
men, fair-headed, and the proportions of
their bodies were so identical that, except for
their faces, they might have been twins.
They were well past their prime and the pale
flabbiness of their faces indicated a life of
softness and inactivity. The leaner one
spoke first.

  “I’m Cole Tolman,” he said. “This is my
THE BUSHWHACK BARGAIN

37

brother Jack, in case you’re curious.”

  “I didn’t ask,” Jesse said, but then shifted
his eyes to the Mexican inquiringly.

  “That’s Ramos,” Cole Tolman said. They
had moved to a table in the saloon now and
the two brothers arranged their chairs so
they were facing Harder. The Mexican sat
far to the left so that Jesse had to turn his
head to watch him.

  “You need a job, Harder?” the brother
said. He watched Jesse out of small, crafty
eyes.	j

“I asked, what’s your proposition?” Jesse
said, annoyed at the man’s lack of direction.

  “I like you, Harder,” Cole said. “You’re
a man who comes right to the point.” He
smiled, exposing the gold teeth, and glanced
warily around the saloon. “There’s a man in
Beeker’s Gulch, a sheriff. It’s an easy job.
A gun slinger like you shouldn’t have any
trouble.”

  “I never did a job on a sheriff before,”
Jesse said. He looked at the two brothers
casually.

  “It’s like any other man,” Jack Tolman
said. vIt was the first word he had spoken
and his voice was sharp and cutting.

  “If he’s this easy, why don’t you do it
yourself?” Jesse said. He looked over at the
Mexican and found him staring at him with
black, expressionless eyes. “This Mex here
ought to be able to do the job, even if he
has to use an alley.”

  The Mexican started out of his chair, but
at a look from Cole Tolman he sank back
again. His mouth was set in a cruel, menac-
ing sneer and his lips twitched for a mo-
ment, but he didn’t speak.

  “We’re known in Beeker’s,” Cole said.
“It’s too risky. If we have to, we’ll do it
ourselves, but this way there ain’t no trou-
ble.”

  “I never killed a sheriff before,” Jesse said
thoughtfully. “The price will be high.”

  “We figured a hundred dollars,” Cole said,
leaning back in his chair and folding his
hands over the fatness of his belly.

  “That’s too low. That’s Injun money,”
Jesse said. He reached his hand into the
pocket of his shirt for tobacco and then
stopped. The sack of tobacco was almost
empty, only a few grains left. There wasn’t
enough for a good smoke. He was trying to
bring his hand down again unobserved when

*And now to my nephew, Eugene, I leave my bottle
of WiIdroot Ofeam-Oil, my hairs best friend!//

you* wm's

BEST FR/END

 America’s
 Favorite
 Hair Tonic!
38

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

Jack Tolman threw a sack onto the middle
of the table. As he did so Cole said: “A hun-
dred dollars, Harder.”

  Jesse looked at the sack and then at the
man’s face. It wasn’t a decent price; not
what he was used to. He shouldn’t have
shown Cole and Jack Tolman that he was
out of tobacco. But they were no dummies.
One look at him had told them he was hard
up. He sighed heavily, moved his hand
slowly across the table, and picked up the
bag of tobacco. He rolled the smoke deftly
but carefully and when he was about to lick
the paper down, he looked up suddenly at
the two brothers. They were watching him
patiently, but there was a flicker of amuse-,
ment in their eyes. Jesse licked the paper
down, twisted the end and put it in his
mouth. He scratched a match under the
table with a long, sweeping motion and
looked up at the men again.

  “A hundred dollars,” he said disgustedly.

  “Fine, fine,” Cole said, leaning across the
table. He spoke in a lower voice now. “The
name’s Mark Clayburn. We don’t care how
you do it, as long as we're not figured up
with it. Beeker’s Gulch is about fifty miles
north of here. We'll ride up with you to-
morrow as far as The Forks and make a
camp. You got all the next day to make
your move. We’ll meet you again that night.
On the east side of town there’s a cotton-
wood grove, near the river. There’s an old
broken-down fence that some nester put up
once. You can’t miss it. We’ll pay you off
there.”

  Jesse sat up straighter in his chair and
stared reflectively at a spot somewhat above
Cole Tolman’s head. His eyes narrowed a
little and a thin smile came on his face.

  “You’ll be there, Mister Tolman?” he
»aid.

  The Mexican came up out of his chair.
His hand rested on his pant leg, in front of
the tooled gun holster, poised and ready to
draw.

  “Sit down,” Cole Tolman snapped. Jesse
smiled broadly at the Mexican but there was
no humor in his eyes. Ramos hesitated for a
moment and sat down again, but his body
remained tense and rigid. The two brothers
stood up then.

  “We’ll be there,” Cole Tolman said.

  “I know you will,” Jesse said without
looking up at them.

  “But remember,” Cole said, “this is your

show. If anything goes wrong, don’t look to

us.”

  “Did I ask?” Jesse said, and met the stare
of the other man. Cole Tolman watched him
for a moment, a sure unfriendliness showing
in his eyes, then nodded his head and the
three men moved away.

  Jesse watched them thread their way
through the tables and go out the door of
the saloon. For a split second, he wondered
why the Tolman brothers wanted the old
sheriff of Beeker’s Gulch killed, but he
pushed the thought back. He didn’t want to
know.

  That was the only code that ha had, if he
could call it a code. It was a simple thing
to kill a man, and knowing why it had to be
done only complicated the matter. It made
you think, and in his business he had de-
cided long ago that to think was a thing to
be avoided. He got up slowly, took the sack
of tobacco from the table, and went out of
the saloon.

THEY rode out the next day and that eve-
ning made camp at The Forks, in the low
foothills where the Maria fanned out into
three smaller, more sluggish streams. The
next morning he had taken his time in cover-
ing the remaining ten miles to the little town
of Beeker’s Gulch. He had ridden into it
that afternoon, down the only street, indif-
ferent to the houses and buildings and the
few people that he saw.

  Even now in the saloon, while he waited
for old Mark Clayburn, the sheriff, there
was a manner of total indifference about him.
He seemed oblivious even to the barkeep and
the hidden shotgun. It had taken him many
years to develop this indifference, but he had
done it well, so that now, they hardly seemed
like people to him, but more like the stray
cow that he passed on the trail, an unknown,
cardboard figure on the landscape. He had
learned long ago that the less he knew, the
less he would care.

  But still, sitting in this saloon, in this
town that he didn’t know, and where he was
not yet known, a faint curiosity was working
at the back of his brain. He thought of the
man that he was going to kill, old Mark
Clayburn and that all he knew about him
was that he was an old man with a fondness
for sleeping in the afternoon. There was
more to a man than that. And what had he
done that. Cole and lack Tolman and that
THE BUSHWHACK BARGAIN

39

little greaser Ramos should want him killed?
And once he was killed, who would care? A
wife? A family? There were many questions
that needed answers and suddenly, for the
first time that he could remember, he won-
dered at those answers.

  But outside, he heard the tapping steps
on the board walk and he knew that it was
too late. It was too bad maybe, but he would
never know. He listened to the footfalls,
deliberate and unhurried. The man had
guts. He watched over the swinging doors
and saw the man’s head, the black, tall-
crowned sombrero, and then the old man was
inside. Harder pushed himself back gently
from the bar, balancing on his heels, his right
hand hanging loose and relaxed at hi* side.
He studied the old man’s face, saw the long
gray hair and the hard-set, but gentle mouth,
then let his eyes move slowly downward and
noticed with a start that there was no gun
holster on the old man’s hip. He looked back
into the sheriff’s eyes and smiled thinly. Per-
haps Clayburn was a coward after all. He
had seen men before who wouldn’t wear their
guns. It was a way of looking brave without
ever having to prove it.

  “You the man that wants to see me?” he
heard Clayburn say, breaking his chain of
thoughts.

  “That’s right, Mr. Clayburn,” Jesse said
slowly.

  “What did you want?” Mark Clayburn
asked. He was standing loosely, his thumbs
hooked over his belt, his eyes calm and
searching.

  “I thought I said, Mr. Clayburn,” Jesse
replied impatiently. “I thought I already
spoke my business.”

  Clayburn shifted his weight from one foot
to another and watched the younger man.

  “Who sent yuh here?” he asked.

  “It ain’t my right to say,” Jesse answered.

  The sheriff wrinkled his brow and brought
one hand up to rub slowly across his chin.
Then the softness went out of his eyes and
he spoke deliberately.

  “We don’t want no trouble here, son. I
been running a peaceful town. We got trou-
bles enough. I’m asking you to leave peace-
able like and don’t cause us no commotion.”

  “I’m telling yuh, old man,” Jesse said
sharply. “I came here to do a job and I got
until sundown to do it. Next time, you bet-
ter be wearing a gun.”

  “Suit yourself, son,” Clayburn said. There

was a look of weariness on his face. “Yuh
see, I got a job to do too. I’ll be where you
can find me. But if yuh come lookin’ for
me, don’t take any chances.”

  Before Harder could answer, the old man
had turned about and was striding out of the
saloon. He pushed through the swinging
doors with both hands and turned down the
sidewalk. Jesse listened to his boots rapping
on the boards until they faded out in the dis-
tance. He turned, found the barkeep still
standing white and motionless by the shot-
gun, and cursed softly to himself. It was
just his luck to come up against a man with-
out a gun. Otherwise, it could have been
over by now, the job finished. He disliked
the prolonged complications, the waiting,
but it seemed as though things had been go-
ing that way lately. Perhaps it was because
he was getting older, or softer. But you
couldn’t kill a mart who wasn’t wearing a
gun. He had never done that!

  He went out of the saloon and stopped on
the sidewalk, looking up and down the de-
serted street. His horse was still standing
at the rail, head down under the broiling
heat of the sun. He untied the reins and led
the sorrel across the street to an alley that
ran alongside the hotel. The sun had moved
west some now and there was a thin line of
shadow along the unpainted side of the
building.

  He found a ring set in the boards, hitched
the pony again and thought for a moment of
removing the saddle. But there was no tell-
ing when he might need it. He went back
into the street and went down it until he,
found the window with the sign “Maria’s
Cafe” painted crudely on it. He paused for
a moment, looking in the window, and then
went inside.

THE restaurant was empty. A narrow
counter and stools ran to the back of the
building and at the end, near the stove, a
woman was standing with her back to him.
When she turned Jesse was surprised. He
had expected a Mexican woman, the Maria
of the sign outside, but despite this girl’s
black hair, her skin was purely white. He
took off his hat, nodded to her and leaned
against the counter.

  “You Maria, Miss?” he said politely.

  “No,” she said, smiling. She had clean,
white teeth—the type he saw infrequently in
the places he had been.
40

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

  “Where can I find her, Miss?” he asked.

  “You can’t,” she said, still smiling. “It’s
just a sign. But I’m the owner. Can I help
you?”	. .

  He hesitated for a minute, watching her,
then put his hand in the pocket of his jeans
and pulled out a watch. He put it carefully
on the counter, shrugged his shoulders, and
smiled.

  “I need a meal,” he said. “I want to pay
for it with this.”

  The girl picked up the watch, examined it
casually, and put it down again.

  “That’s a lot of watch for beans and a
piece of steak,” she answered. She spoke
softly, with a note of kindness in her voice
that rang unfamiliarly on Jesse’s ears.

  “It’s all I’ve got,” he said, trying to dis-
miss the subject. “And a man don’t need a
watch to know when it’s day and night.”

  She laughed at that, a low, throaty laugh
and for a moment her eyes met his, then
moved instantly away. She went down the
counter toward the stove, leaving the watch
lying where it was, and while she worked
Jesse watched her. When she was through,
she put the food in front of him and stood
by the window a few feet away, looking out
into the street.

  “Are you out of a job?” she asked, her
voice quiet and interested.

  “I reckon you could say I was on one
now,” he answered. “But I don’t get paid
until it’s done.”

  “Then you can pick up your watch?” she
said hopefully.

  “I don’t know when I’ll be back this
way,” he said. He laughed a little to him-
self, humorlessly, because he knew he would
never be back. There were many places he
had left behind. She seemed to welcome him
now, but by sundown it would be a different
matter.

  She had stopped speaking and was looking
out into the street, and despite the near-full-
ness of his stomach he watched her with an
empty-bellied feeling. She was tall for a
woman, with long black hair and a rare
gentleness about her mouth and eyes. She
was younger than he, not yet thirty perhaps,
but the difference in the ages seemed slight.
And she had the body of a woman, he
thought, although her dress revealed nothing.
She turned suddenly, catching him watch-
ing her, and although she smiled understand-
ing^ he felt the flush of embarrassment

along the roots of his hair. It annoyed him
a little and he forced his mind to think of
something else.

  “Do you know two brothers, Cole and
Jack Tolman?” he said. He had been sud-
denly uncomfortable and was trying to make
conversation now, but by the abrupt change
on her face, he knew that he hadn’t suc-
ceeded. She looked at him intently, a hard-
ness in her eyes that he hadn’t seen there
before.

  “Why?” she said sharply. “Are they
friends of yours?”

  “No, Miss,” he said quietly. Despite his
curiosity about those men, he regretted that
he had spoken. “I heard tell of them.”

  “They’re gamblers,” she said. “They run
the Lucky Spot down the street. Dad’s been
trying to run them out of town now for two
years.”

  “Your dad?” Jesse said, bewildered.

  “Yes,” she said. “I’m Mary Clayburn.
My father’s the sheriff of Beeker’s Gulch.”

  He was holding the cup of coffee and he
let it down abruptly onto the counter top.
For a long moment he watched it, hoping
that she hadn’t noticed his startled action.
When he glanced up she was looking out the
window again and her face had changed;
there were thin, worried lines under her eyes
that he hadn’t noticed before.

  “That’s why I’m afraid,” she was saying.
“Dad’s given them two weeks to pack up.
They’ve sworn they’re going to kill him.”

  “Talk’s cheap, Miss.” he said uncomfort-
ably.

  “You don’t know the Tolmans,” she said.
There was a tone of bitterness in her voice.
“They'll stop at nothing, not even killing an
old man.”

  “I’m sorry. Miss,” Jesse said. He wanted
to leave now. He had enjoyed the coolness
of the cafe, and more especially the warm
comfort of this woman’s presence, but all
that had changed now. He was sorry he had
stopped here, even though it might have
meant going hungry until morning. He was
sorry he had seen this girl and talked to her,
and he tried to push the thoughts of it back
in his mind.

  “Don’t be sorry,” she was saying. “I
shouldn’t bother you with my troubles.”

  “No bother,” he said, standing up. He
watched her for a second, seeing the soft
steadiness of her eyes and then said, “Good
lay, Miss, and thanks for the meal.”
THE BUSHWHACK BARGAIN

41

  She relumed Ihe stare and moved up to
the counter.

  "Here,” she said, picking up the watch.
Her smile broadened. “You'll need this.
We’re having a dance tonight, down at the
old barn near the river. It’s at eight o’clock.
You’ll need this to tell the time.”

  He looked at the watch as though he had
never seen it before, and then up into her
eyes for a moment, hesitating, forgetting for
an instant that he hadn’t the choice of yes
or no. .

  “That’s a right nice invitation, Miss Clay-
bum,” he said slowly, “but I can’t accept.”

  “Then take the watch anyway, Mister . .
Mister?” She looked at him questioningly.

  “Thanks, Miss,” he said. He ignored her
request for his name. She would know it
soon enough, he thought. She would hate
him then, and hate herself for having been
such a fool. “1 always pay for what I get,”
he said, and started for the door.

  “But come anyway,” she said. “It’s your
choice.” She wasn’t urging him now, only
being friendly, warm and friendly in a way
that he had forgotten.

  He stopped, turned about, and for a fleet-
ing instant met her smile. “There is no
choice,” he said and went out the door.

OUTSI I)E the sun had left the street and
off to the west, in the foothills, it was
going down in a red-orange glow in the sky.
There were a few men on the street now,
hurrying to their homes or toward the
saloon. Old Mark Clayburn should be
around somewhere. He shouldn’t be hard to
find. Harder hitched at his gun belt and
started up the sidewalk, his face tightened
now and his eyes narrowed a little against
the final brightness of the sun.

  But he was careless. The job had seemed
too easy at first. When he came to the cor-
ner of the alley and stepped off the high way
with a thud he saw too late the group of
men standing by his horse. His hand made
an instinctive movement toward the holster
but the men had their guns out and he
stopped short, cursing to himself.

  “That’s the man,” he heard someone say.
He recognized the little storekeeper and his
companion of that afternoon in the saloon.
There were two or three other men, men
that he didn’t know. He tried to back up a
step, but he collided with the walk and
stopped abruptly.

  “Let him have it,” the storekeeper said.
A man next to him raised his Winchester
and Jesse started to leap aside, toward the
corner of the building. The shot went wide
but his boot heel caught on the edge of the
walk and he crashed into the building and
rolled back again into the street. The man
levered home another shell and Harder got
to his knees, his hand jerking at the Colt,
when he heard the voice yell, “Hold it
men!” He looked up and saw Mark Clay-
burn coming up the alley from the rear. He
had his gun out, held steadily in front of
him, and there was a look of quiet anger in
his eyes.

  Jesse got to his feet and Clayburn came
toward him, then stopped half-way between
him and the group of townsmen.

  “Since when do you coyotes do my fight-
ing for me?” he said back over his shoulder.

  “This man’s a killer, Mark,” the store-
keeper said. “He’s Jesse Harder, a hired
gunny.”

  “Sure, and 1 know who hired him,” Clay-
burn said quietly. “But I’m the law in this
town, not you. This man ain’t done nothing
but talk and it’s my job to see that’s what
he keeps doing.”

  “Don’t count on it, Sheriff,” Jesse said,
his eves fixed on the muzzle of the old man’s
Colt.

  Clayburn noted the direction of Jesse’s
eyes, smiled, and slipped the gun into its
holster.

  “Lookee, Mister,” he said. “We all know
you. I got a dozen posters on you down at
the office. You’re a tough man. But there
ain’t no man so tough that he needs killing
as bad as these fellas think you do. For me,
maybe I would a thought different twenty
years ago, but times have changed. I’m old
now and I’m peaceable. You’re no pup
yourself. There’ll come a time when killing
a man won’t be so easy to swallow. It’ll
stick in your craw; it won’t go down and you
won’t be able to spit it up. You’ll learn that.
Right now, I’m givin’ you your chance. Get
on that horse and start riding. And some-
day give a man the same chance that I’m
givin’ you.”

  “You don’t give me any choice, Mister
Clayburn,” Jesse said, shrugging his shoul-
ders indifferently.

  “That’s right, son, there isn’t any choice.”

  Harder looked at the old man once and
then moved passed him, pushed his way
42

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

through the group of men, and mounted the
sorrel. He kicked it and trotted it out into
the street, riding stiffly, his eyes set ahead
unseeing. When he had gone some distance,
he reined in the pony gently and turned it
half-around. Clayburn was standing where
he had left him, his gun still holstered at his
side. Jesse measured the distance with his
eyes. Forty yards. It was an easy shot for
him. He could drill the old man before he
got his gun up. Then, hooked around the
neck of his horse, he’d be a small target for
the townsmen. There probably wasn’t one
in the pack who could shoot him before he
got out of range. He needed that hundred
dollars bad, as bad as he’d needed anything
in his life. After all, the man was armed
now. He had his chance.

  He wavered, his right hand motionless on
the horn of the saddle, then suddenly reined
the horse about and kicked it into a gallop.
At the end of town he looked back again.
The old mqji was still standing in the street,
and he saw the door of Maria’s Cafe open
and saw the girl come out. She’d been watch-
ing, he thought, and the sharp doubt of his
actions left him. It was with a feeling of re-
lief that he forded the river and turned to-
ward the spot where the Tolman brothers
would be waiting.

IT WAS almost dark when he found the
stand of cottonwood and the old, rotting
fence. He rode along it slowly until he could
make out the dim forms of the three men at
the edge of the trees. Not knowing why, he
loosened the gun in its holster before he
swung his pony out of the shadow and rode
into the clearing.

  “That you, Harder?” he heard Cole Tol-
man yell.

  “Yeah,” Jesse answered. He reined in and
waited for the three men to come out to him.

  “I’ve got your hundred dollars,” Cole Tol-
man said softly. They stopped their horses
in a semi-circle around him.

  “I wish I could take it,” Jesse said. He
tried to make out Cole Tolman’s face in the
half-light.

  “What’s that mean?” Cole said quickly,
his voice rasping and suspicious.

  “I didn’t do the job,” Jesse said evenly.
“The old man outsmarted me.”

  “I don’t get it, Harder,” Cole said, the
same disbelief in his voice. “Old Clayburn’s
an easy man to kill. I could do it with my

left hand and that’s for sure, piker.”

   “Don’t try it,” Jesse said softly. He edged
the sorrel off sideways, bringing the three
men into fuller view. Even in the darkness
he could see the smoldering anger in Tol-
man’s eyes.

  “Let’s move, men,” Tolman said. “We’ll
have to do this job ourselves.”

  He started across the clearing, the two
men falling in on each side of him.

  “See yuh, Harder,” Cole Tolman said.

  Jesse didn’t answer. He- watched them go
across the clearing, waiting until they were
at the edge near the fence. He slipped the
Colt out of the holster before he called soft-
ly:

  “I said, don’t try it, Mr. Tolman!”

  But as soon as he said it, he knew he had
waited too long.

  The Mexican had already taken his gun
out, and at the words he spun in his saddle
and fired. The shot whined by Jesse's head
and crashed in the cottonwoods behind him.
In a split instant Jesse had the Colt up. The
gun exploded alongside the neck of the
horse, causing the sorrel to jerk over, but
Jesse saw the Mex double up, gut-shot, and
fall thudding to the ground.

  Two shots plunked into the hard dirt be-
low' him and then another, higher up, whined
off to his left. He brought the Colt up far-
ther, trying to steady the horse with his left
hand. The gun jumped twice; he heard Jack
Tolman let out a yell and saw him crumple
in the saddle.

  He swung further to his right, found
the dim silhouette of Cole and fired
two shots, rapidly, but from the long whine
of the bullets he knew he had missed. He
brought the pony around, then peering into
the darkness, waited for the returning shots
that would tell him where his man was. He
heard the two quick explosions and felt a
hot, searing pain graze along his shoulder.
He fired instantly and missed again and in
one swift, jerking motion threw open the
cylinder of the gun. He knocked the empty
shells out and reached down to the cartridge
belt, not looking, fighting against the panic,
the blood beating violently in his swollen
temples.

He saw Cole Tolman come along the fence
line and turn sharply toward him, and then
he saw the horse stumble against the broken
fence log and go down, throwing the rider
(Continued on page 113)
DE ROSSO

It was at moments like these that
Ginton regretted he’d sold his

NEVER
SELL YOUR SADDLE!

When your stomach thinks
your throat’s cut, and you’re
set afoot on a strange and
hostile range, you’ve got one
thing you never let go—your
saddle. And if you’re as lucky
as Ernie Clinton, you have
one more asset—a fierce and
unconquerable pride!

WHEN young Clinton awoke, ho
found the white mare lying on her
side, dead. This did not surprise
him too much. The mare had been rather
old and young Clinton had been fully aware
the day before that the mare did not have
long to go. Still, she was all the horse he’d
had and her death left him feeling sad and
bitter.

  There was not much that he could do. He
would have liked to have buried her but he
lacked the tools. He thought of covering
her with rocks but, after looking around,
he concluded there were not enough stones
in the vicinity. The mare would have to

43
44

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

be left to the natural inclinations of the
scavengers. This made young Clinton a
little angry but then, he told himself, this
was in keeping with the way his luck had
been running lately. Nothing turned out
right for him any more. Nothing would ever
turn out right for him again. He was posi-
tive of this for he had reached that degree
of despondency where he expected only the
worst.

  It was one of those tough years in the
cow country. -The bottom had dropped out
of the cattle market. With beef selling for
as little as thirty cents a head, the hide was
worth more than the cow.

  He could always ride the grub line. He
was not the only one doing that these days,
but now his horse was dead and he’d have
to drift on foot, unless some rancher made
him a gift of an old crow bait. That was how
he had acquired the white mare. However,
Clinton did not want charity. He had pride,
and he wanted to earn his way.

  There was nothing to be accomplished
hanging around so Clinton lifted his old, bat-
tered McClellan saddle on his shoulder and
started walking. He wanted to turn for one
last look of the mare because he had liked
the horse, but he forcibly restrained himself.
He just kept on walking. He could feel the
pebbles through the worn-out soles of his
boots.

  The saddle became a dead, oppressive
weight. Clinton could not see much of a
point in carrying it. He had no idea how
far he was from the next town or even the
next ranch. Perhaps he could sell the saddle
like he had sold all his other possessions.
This was all that he owned in the world—
the clothes on his back and a saddle that had
seen its best days.

  Still, a saddle was the badge of his pro-
fession. A man was no longer a cowpuncher
if he did not own a saddle. However, Clin-
ton’s pockets hung limp and empty. His
stomach twinged now and then from hunger.
The saddle would have to be sold—if he
could find someone willing to pay him some-
thing for it. Thinking this left him mean
and bitter inside. It was at moments like
these that Clinton regretted he had ever sold
his gun.

HE WAS walking along, wincing every
time a sharp pebble dug into his feet
tad trying not to heed the pangs of hunger,

when he heard the sound of a horse coming
up behind him. Pride would not let Clinton
turn to see who it was or allow him to come
to a stop. He walked on, trying to pretend
that the saddle was feather-light on his
shoulder and that he’d been partaking of his
three-squares-dailv with regularity.

  The rider rode up beside Clinton and
slowed his horse down to Clinton’s pace.
The rider said nothing for a while. He was
squinting far ahead as if he could see some-
thing interesting at the edge of the horizon.

  Finally the rider spoke. “That your mare
back there a piece, son?”

  Clinton stumbled as a particularly sharp
piece of rock stabbed up through a break
in his boots. He made out that it hadn’t
hurt a bit and shrugged.

  “That’s right,” he said.

  The rider still stared at the horizon. “I
thought you’d like to know I roped your
mare and dragged her to a cutbank and
caved enough down on her to cover her.”

  “I’m much obliged, mister,” said Clinton.
His throat ached and his eyes stung as if
some grit had got into them. He supposed
he felt this way because he hadn’t eaten
since yesterday morning.

  “I see you’ve still got your saddle,” said
the rider. “Would you be interested in a
riding job—if I furnished the horse?”

  Young Clinton came to a halt. He set his
saddle down on the ground and lifted suspi-
cious eyes up to the rider. There was re-
sentment in Clinton. He needed help. He
needed it badly but he did not want pity.

  The rider had reined in his mount. It was
a sleek and wiry blaze-faced black that
looked cat-quick in its movements. The
rider took his glance off the horizon and
laid it on Clinton. His eyes were black and
opaque and hard. They seemed to hold as
much feeling as two lumps of coal. The
rider was tall and gaunt. His face was lined
and seamed with many wrinkles and the
skin was burned almost black by sun and
wind. He looked like he had Indian blood
in him.

  “I’m not looking for a hand-out,” said
Clinton with stiff pride.

  There was no emotion on the rider’s face.
He stared at Clinton as if he were looking at
a fence-post or a rock. “This ain’t a hand-
out,” the rider said in his quiet, toneless
way. “I need a man and I’m on my way to
town to hire one and I see you and I’m
NEVER SELL YOUR SADDLE!

45

thinking I can save myself a ride. You want
the job, son?”

  Clinton had known so much adversity he
could not believe his ears. The suspicion
lingered in him that it was pity behind the
rider’s offer but then Clinton took another
look of the face and figured there could be
nothing soft about the man. Nobody with
eyes as cold and dead as that could know
of such a thing as pity.

  “What’s the job like?” Clinton asked.
“Why don’t you come and find out? You
can always quit if you don’t like it, son.”
Clinton reckoned he had nothing to lose.
After all, he did want a job more than any-
thing else on earth. Maybe this was the be-
ginning of the change in his luck.

  “You’ve got yourself a hand, mister,’’ he
said, trying to keep the jubilance out of his
tone.

  The rider told Clinton to climb up behind
him on the black and Clinton did. He braced
his old McClellan kak against a thigh and
they started off, riding double. The rider
smelled of horse-sweat and woodsmoke which
to young Clinton were the sweetest odors
in the world. Looking down, he saw the

gun in the man’s holster. The weapon was
a .44 Colt with a long seven-and-a-half inch
barrel. The handle was black and worn
very smooth as if it had seen much use.

  After they had ridden about a mile, Clin-
ton said, “I’m Ernie Clinton, mister.”

  “I’m called Valverde,” said the rider.

  After that, they had nothing to talk about.
The only sounds that rose were those of the
black’s hoofs on the trail . . .

  Valverde’s place lay at the edge of the
badlands. It did not look like much of an
outfit. Valverde’s brand was double V and
to Clinton, the few cows he saw wearing this
iron were sleek and fat despite the sparse-
ness of the graze. But this, he figured, was
probably because Valverde did pot have too
many head and so, what little graze there
was sufficed to put weight on the animals.

  This set Clinton to thinking. If Valverde’s
place was rundown and he did not have too
many cows, what did he want a rider for?
Valverde had just felt sorry for him, Clinton
thought, and it made him angry to think
that he was getting charity again. But he
told himself it wouldn’t be for more than
one meal. He’d see to that.

• . . AND THE BIGGEST SQUARE
    DEAL IN WORK CLOTHES IS STILL

                              CMaster Cloth] 1

                 /veralls

/Brown Ducks ... for tough, he-man jobs

    These Brown Duck Overalls (bib and waist type) with coats to match, are amaz-
    ingly popular with linemen, electricians, welders, steel workers, foundrymen,
    truck drivers, plumbers, etc. They appreciate the heavy, high count, 11 oz.
    Carhartf brown duck that guarantees extra protection on the job. They’re rain
    repellent, full cut and roomy for added work ease, are built to outlast several
    pairs of ordinary overalls. Insist on Carhartt Brown Ducks by name ... get oil
    the extra features of this famous make of work clothes.

These NEW Carhartt
Work Caps Are Tops, Too!

Here's the last word in a neat, smart, big peak
Holsey-style workcap that is tailored for com-
fort and good looks. Ideal for sports wear and
mighty inexpensive.

HAMILTON CARHARTT OVERALL CO.

Detroit 16, Mich.	Atlanta, Go.

Carhartt Pork, Irvine, Ky.	Dallas, Te>«.

MAKERS OF UNION MADE
WORK CLOTHES FOR 63 YEARS
46

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

  Valverde seemed to read Clinton’s mind.
When they had dismounted, he waved a hand
towards the ramshackle buildings and corrals
and smiled.

  “It ain’t much,” he admitted, “but I got
business that keeps me away a lot. I need a
man to fix up those corrals and to look after
the stock.” A frigid interest seemed to enter
those expressionless eyes. “You’ll earn your
keep, son.”

  Young Clinton said nothing. He’d just
wait and see. If the job was bona fide, he’d
stay on. If it was charity and pity, he’d
pick up his saddle and start walking. . . .

VALVERDE had a partner, name of Duke
Bedford. He came out of the house,
yawning and stretching as if he’d just roused
from a deep sleep. He listened while Val-
verde said that he’d hired a hand. Then
Bedford said:

  “We don’t need no hand!”

  Ernie Clinton pulled up short. He was
carrying his saddle to the saddle shed and
Bedford’s statement halted Clinton in his
tracks.

  Valverde said something soft which Clin-
ton could not understand. Then Bedford
spoke again. He had a high, twanging voice
that carried afar and he was making no
effort to keep it toned down.

  “You gone soft, Val? Give the kid a meal
and then tell him to move on. We got no
need for no hired hand.”

  Wrath and resentment ran through Clin-
ton. Carrying his saddle, he walked over
to the two men. He felt Valverde’s eyes
flick at him with something more than im-
personal in them but young Clinton was not
interested in that. He knew only the swift
coursing of the anger in him.

  Bedford looked at Clinton with uncon-
cealed contempt. Something of a dandy, his
high-peaked stetson was cream-colored and
he was wearing a flashy red plaid shirt under
a brown and white calfskin vest. A blue
silk scarf was tied around his neck. His
trousers were pearl gray in hue and the legs
were tucked into the tops of ornate, white-
stitched boots. The gunbelt slanting across
his waist also had a lot of white-stitching and
the .45 in the holster had an. ivory handle.
However, despite this fanciness of appear-
ance, Bedford’s clothes all carried a layer of
dirt. It was stuck on like grease, on his hat
and vest and shirt and trousers and on the

skin of his face and hands. It was as if
Duke Bedford had never heard of washing.

  Young Clinton directed his words at Bed-
ford. “I wouldn’t take a hand-out from
you if I was starving,” and, as if in mockery,
Clinton’s stomach gave a twinge. He shoul-
dered his saddle and started away.

  “Hold on, son,” said Valverde. “I thought
you were going to give the job a try. Now
you’re walking off without so much as seeing
what it’s like.”

  Clinton’s stride broke; he stopped. But he
kept his back to them.

  Valverde said quietly, “You’re not being
fair to me, son. If you hadn’t told me you
were taking the job, I’d have gone on to
town and hired myself a man. Now I’ve
got to make that trip all over again.”

  Clinton turned and lowered his kak to
the ground. His eyes were defiant as he
stared at Bedford. “I won’t stand for no
shoving around,” Clinton said stiffly.

  “You won’t be shoved around," said Val-
verde. “I rod this place.”

  A small, ugly smile played with Bedford’s
lips. “Don’t be a fool, Val. What do you
know about the kid? What’s he like? How
do you know you can trust him? Besides,
we don’t need no help.”

  For the first time, a bit of emotion showed
on Valverde’s face. The line of his jaw
tightened and his voice came quietly but
with a deadliness to it that was like a knife-
point jabbing against a rib.

  “I’m rodding this outfit, Duke. Any time
you don’t like it, you know what you can
do____”

  Ernie Clinton never saw too much of Val-
verde and his partner. They were gone al-
most every night, returning at dawn and
sleeping most of the day. It was in the eve-
nings before he rode off that Valverde gave
Clinton his instructions for the next day.

  The job seemed genuine enough to young
Clinton. The ranch apparently had been
neglected for some time and he never idled
for lack of something to do. He repaired the
sheds and the corrals. He kept an eye on
the stock. The place really needed a hand
and Valverde and Bedford seemed to have
no time for it.

  Still, Ernie Clinton could see no point to
it. The times were bad and beef on the hoof
was practically worthless. It certainly did
not pay any one to keep a hand on at an
outfit like the double V. Wages had not
NEVER SELL YOUR SADDLE!

47

been mentioned when Clinton had been hired
and he did not expect any. He was perfectly
satisfied with his three-squares a day, this,
and the knowledge that the job had probably
prevented him from doing something wrong.
He had been on the verge of going bad the
day Valverde had picked him up.

ON THIS evening, Valverde came over to
Clinton and said, “You could stand
some new clothes, son. Here’s an advance
on your wages. Run into town in the morn-
ing and get yourself a new outfit. You’ve
earned a day off.”

  Young Clinton thought of the holes in
his boots and of the patches he had sewed
on to keep his clothes together and he flushed
a little. He could feel Valverde’s eyes on
him. They were keen and piercing as if they
were looking right into the maw of his heart.
When he spoke, Valverde’s voice was
strangely gentle.

   “A man needn’t be ashamed of being poor.
It’s bad only when a man has to be ashamed
of how he got rich. Remember that, son.”
Duke Bedford came out of the house and
he and Valverde mounted their horses. They
rode off together. Ernie Clinton watched
them go. He knew it was none of his busi-
ness but he wished Valverde wouldn’t do so
much night-riding. . . .

  The new clothes and new boots made
young Clinton feel right good. He could not
quite put it into words as he tried explain-
ing it to himself. All he knrw was that the
new outfit had boosted his feeling of self-
respect, not so much because it was new but
because he had earned it rather than having
' received it as a gift.

   On the way back to the double V, he was
overtaken by two riders. They told Clinton
to pull up and then they arrayed their
mounts side by side in front of Clinton. One
of the riders was a short, beefy man with a
red face and a tawnv mustache. The other
rider was tall and slat-thin with a gaunt,
hollow-cheeked face.

   The red-faced one said, “My name’s Fred
Aderhold. That there is Bruce Partridge.
We’re Valverde’s neighbors.”

  Clinton nodded in acknowledgment. He
said nothing. His heart was pounding a lit-
tle, as if in anticipation of something un-
pleasant.

  “You been working for Valverde a month
now, ain’t you?” said Aderhold.

  Clinton nodded again.

  Aderhold’s eyes swept Clinton’s brand new
clothes. “Doing all right, I see,” Aderhold
murmured.

  Resentment and anger flared in young
Clinton. “I bought these clothes out of my
wages. Anything wrong with that?*’
“No-o,” drawled Aderhold, with exag-
gerated indifference. “Only, we can’t see
how an outfit the size of the double V can
pay the way of three men in times like
these.”

  “I don’t see where it’s any of your busi-
ness,” snapped Clinton.

  “I'll show you where it’s our business,”
said Aderhold, the color of his face deepen-
ing, the timbre of his voice thickening.
“We’re warning you this time only, kid.
Maybe you don’t know it but Valverde and
Duke Bedford and some others have been
running off our stock to some secret place in
the badlands. There they butcher the cows
and skin them and dry the hides. The hide
right now is worth more than the cow but it
won’t last like that. When the day comes
that beef prices go up again, we want to cash
in on that to make up for these poor times.
We won’t be able to cash in if we don’t have
any stock. You understand, kid?”

  “I never stole another man’s beef in all
my life,” young Clinton said indignantly.

  “I’m not asking you to own up to it,”
said Aderhold, his tone flat and uncompro-
mising. “I’m just telling you that if you’re
smart, kid you’ll get out of the country.
We’re going to find that trail into the bad-
lands one of these days and when we do,
there’s going to be a bunch of hombres kick-
ing out their lives at the ends of ropes. . . .”
Duke Bedford rode in alone one morning.
He was driving a couple of calves and he
herded them into a corral. “They must have
strayed from their mammies,” he told Ernie
Clinton. “I thought I’d drive them in so you
can brand them.”

  “With our brand?” asked Clinton.
“Whose did you think?” said Bedford,
dismounting. He unsaddled and turned his
tired buckskin into a corral.

“Where’s Valverde?” asked Clinton.
“Val’s away on business,” said Bedford.
“He’ll be back in three-four days.” He was
eyeing Clinton’s new clothes. “You buy
yourself a gun?” he asked casually.

  “There are things I need worse than a
gun,” said Clinton.
48

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

  “I don’t think so,” said Bedford. “One
of these days you’re going to wish you had
a gun.”

•	He yawned, and started for the house.
Clinton watching him go, kept thinking
about what Bedford had said of Valverde.
Valverde could have gone to sell some hides.
The thought made Clinton angry and sick.
He didn’t want it like that. He wanted
Valverde to be honest and respectable but
Clinton realized sadly that there was noth-
ing he could do about it. He could leave,
that was about all; but he owed something
to Valverde. . . .

WHEN Valverde returned, four days la-
ter, he looked angry. There was a hard,
bright glint in his black eyes and his mouth
was pinched tightly. A muscle kept twitch-
ing at the base of Valverde’s jaw.

  Duke Bedford had done no night-riding
while Valverde was gone. Clinton had begun
to hope that that part of it was over for good.
He wished for that, even if it meant that
he would no longer be needed then at the
double V.

   Valverde planted his boots firmly on the
ground, his legs spread a little. His thumb
was hooked in his cartridge belt. When he
spoke, he looked neither at Clinton nor at
Bedford.

   “I’ve come across a couple of our calves
following two of Fred Aderhold’s Rafter A
cows. Who did that branding?”

  The pulse began to pound in Clinton’s
throat. “I did,” he said.

  “Why?” said Valverde.

  There was sadness in Ernie Clinton. He
could see how it stood. There was only
trouble for him here now and it would be
best if he left, but he hated the thought of
going away.

   “I thought they were ours,” he said sim-
ply.

  Valverde’s eyes moved now and fell on
young Clinton. Valverde was squinting so
hard his lids almost touched. His glance
was practically a palpable thing on Clinton.

  “Couldn’t you read the brand on their
mammies?” asked Valverde.

  “Their mammies weren’t around,” said
Clinton. He wanted to explain the all of
it but there was a strange reluctance hold-
ing him back. He had been tricked by Duke
. Bedford but he was not going to cry about it.

  Valverde’s stare switched to Bedford.

“Why did you do it, Duke?” Valverde asked.
He must have known his partner very well,
Clinton thought.

  Bedford made no effort to deny it. “It’s
about time the kid started earning his keep,”
said Bedford. “I thought I’d break him in
this way. ” A cunning smile curved the cor-
ners of his moiith. “He’s no longer clean,
Val. He can get sent to the pen for what he
did. So he might as well start giving us a
hand in the badlands.” Bedford spat. “I’m
sick and tired of the dirty, stinking work
while he’s here living on hand-outs.”

  “I told you to leave him alone, Duke,”
said Valverde. “This finishes us. First,
though, I owe you something. I'm leaving
the choice up to you, Duke. Either pull your
gun or drop your shell belt. Which is it go-
ing to be?”

  Bedford’s mouth twitched, baring his teeth
in a grimace of rage and hate. His hand,
started to move toward his gun but then he
caught the gelid, uncompromising glint in
Valverde’s eyes and paled a little. The snarl
left his mouth. Then with a display of bra-
vado, it came back, wavered a little, dis-
appeared. He reached for the buckle of his
belt.

  Almost simultaneously the two heavy belts
hit the ground. Valverde turned a little drop-
ping his and, in that instant, Bedford
rushed. He loosed a wild swing that caught
Valverde on the side of the head and sent
him sprawling. Bedford leaped in, boots
seeking Valverde’s face.

  Valverde swore with hurt and fury. Grab-
bing one of Bedford’s kicking legs, he pulled
and twisted. Bedford cried out as he lost
his balance and went crashing to the earth.
But he was up instantly to meet Valverde’s
charge.

  Bedford started another prodigious swing
but Valverde ducked under it and with his
head still down butted the dandy in the
stomach. The breath whooshed out of Bed-
ford; his face turned green. Before he could
recover, Valverde was raining blows at him,
his fists cracking with sounds as sharp as
gunshots. At first, Bedford tried to retaliate
but he could not stand up to Valverde’s in-
sensate fury. He worked on Bedford’s face
with a single-minded savagery. The flesh be-
gan to split and the blood dripped from Bed-
ford’s features to his clothes, spattering the
close working Valverde.

  Bedford was grunting with pain and fu-
NEVER SELL YOUR SADDLE!

49

tility. He no longer tried to hit back. Rais-
ing his arms, he sought to bury his face in
them for protection but Valverde smashed
them aside and hit Bedford flush on the
mouth.

  He fell back, moaning with hurt. Then
Valverde smashed him again. Now Bedford’s
face was just raw, bleeding flesh. Another
of Valverde’s blows struck him and he went
sprawling. He was not unconscious but he
lay where he had fallen, face buried against
the earth. Duke Bedford had quit.

  Valverde stood there, breathing hard,
sweat dripping off his chin. The mask had
slipped from his emotions and now his face
was a contorted grimace of pure and utter
ferality.

  “Don’t ever let me lay eyes on you again,
Duke,” said Valverde, “because if I do, I’m
killing you! . .

HPHE sad and bitter part of it for Clinton
was that Valverde still rode at night.
Clinton was tempted several times to tell
Valverde of the warning that had been de-
livered by Fred Aderhokl, but then Clinton
figured that Valverde knew what it was all
about, and he was just simply taking a cal-
culated risk. Besides, Clinton thought, it
was none of his business. Valverde had never
once offered an explanation of his where-
abouts after dark and so Clinton let the
matter lie. But he felt ill at ease and ap-
prehensive about it.

  This night Ernie Clinton awoke with the
sound of a running horse beating in his earS.
He sat upright in his bunk, his heart starting
to pound hard, ears straining as he listened
to the thrum of the hoofs drawing nearer.

  There seemed to be a sense of urgency and
merciless haste in the pounding run of the
horse and a thousand wild, frantic fears
flashed through Clinton’s mind. Then he was
out of bed and pulling on his trousers and
his boots. The horse came to a halt now and
there was only the sound of its labored
breathing just outside the door.

  Clinton opened the portal and looked out.
A full moon was riding high and Clinton in-
stantly discerned the slumped figure on the
ground.

  “Valverde!” Clinton cried. The sound
strangled in his throat. “Valverde!”

  The man’s head lifted as Clinton reached
him. He was trying to struggle to his feet
and Clinton reaching down, grabbed him un-

der the armpits, and experienced the sicken-
ing feel of blood-soaked cloth under his
fingers.

  Valverde could not help himself to any
extent. Clinton dragged the man inside and
boosted him up on his bunk. Then Clinton
lighted the lantern. In its feeble light, Val-
verde’s face looked drawn and gray.

CLINTON stood there, staring down at
Valverde. Some of the smoke from the
lantern must have got into his eyes for they
began to sting. Valverde lay quietly, eyes
closed, his chest rising and falling. The
blood from the wound in his back was al-
ready soaking the blankets.

  “What happened, Valverde?” asked Clin-
ton.

  A spasm ripped a small moan out of Val-
verde’s clenched teeth. Then he seemed to
relax. “That damn Bedford,” he muttered.

  “Was it Duke who shot you?” asked Clin-
ton.

  “Duke’s skipped the country,” said Val-
verde, eyes still closed, “but before he left,
he sold us out. Aderhold and Partridge and
I don’t know how many others were there
waiting for us. They strung five of us up,
son. I was the only one who got away.”
His eyes opened now and fixed on Clinton.
“I had to get away.”

  “You’re safe now, Valverde.”

  Valverde’s mouth curved briefly in a gen-
tle smile. It was the first time Clinton had
ever seen anything like this on the man’s
face. Then the smile died and a look of
anxiety came into Valverde’s eyes.

  “They’ll be here after me,” he said, reach-
ing up a hand and digging the fingers into
Clinton’s arm. “You’ve got to run for it,
son.”

  “I can’t leave you, Valverde.”

  “Don’t start anything like that, son,”
Valverde said in his old, hard way. “Ader-
hold and his friends are in a hanging mood
tonight. They’re out to put an end to hide-
rustling for good. They find you here with
me, they’ll string you up.”

  “But I’m clean, Valverde. You know I
never was in it!”

  “Try telling that to Aderhold,” said Val-
verde. His fingers dug with a fierce urgency
into Clinton’s flesh. “Look, son. I know
Duke Bedford and I’ll bet anything that
when he sold us out he told Aderhold you
were one of us. That’s why I ran for it. I
50

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

came to warn you, son. Now get on a horse
and beat it. Take the blue roan. I’m giving
him to you.”

  There was a cloying thickness in young
Clinton’s throat. He saw how inevitable it
was and grief rose overwhelmingly in him.
“I’m taking you with me, Valverde,” he said.
“I owe it to you.”

  Again that strange and gentle smile
touched Valverde’s mouth. “Forget about
me son. You can’t help me any more, no
one can.”

  “Don’t talk like that, Valverde.”

  A spasm of coughing hit Valverde and
when it passed, he was weak and shaken.
Blood edged the corners of his mouth and
his voice was barely audible in the quiet
room.

  “Listen to me, son,” be whispered. “For-
get about what’s going to happen to me.
It’ll only be something I've got coming. I
don’t hate Aderhold or those others. They’re
only doing what I’d do if I was in their
boots. I’ve got a gun and when they come,
I’ll shoot back but I won’t try to hit any of
them. You understand what I’m trying to
tell you, son?”

  “You helped me when I needed it, Val-
verde. Now I want to help you.”

  “Look, son,” said Valverde, “the only way
you can help me is to get on a horse and
beat it before Aderhold gets here. When I
was a kid, I was broke and hungry one day.
I was at the fork in the trail that day and
I took the wrong turn. Lots of times I’ve
tried riding back to take the other turn but
ii was too late for me. You were at the same
fork the day I picked you up. Do you un-
derstand now, son?”

  It was beginning to dawn on Clinton’s
mind. All the inexplicables were beginning to
unfold before his comprehension. For the
first time he was seeing clearly the reason
for his job and the reason Valverde had
never taken him into the badlands—and it
hurt.

  “Some men have sons,” Valverde went on
when Clinton did not speak. “For them,
dying is not too hard because they leave
something behind them. They have sons to
do something good and fine after they’ve
gone. Some men don't have anybody. That’s
when dying comes hard. A man makes mis-
takes and he knows he can never fix them up.
But if he’s got somebody to leave behind
him and to live a good and clean life, then

it kind of balances things and that man isn’t
afraid to die any more. Do you understand
what I’m trying to tell you, son?”

  It was crystal clear to Ernie Clinton now.
It all made sense to him now. He could
feel a mixture of emotions inside—regret and
sadness and grief, but above all a great pride
that he had known a man like Valverde.

  “You don’t have much time, son,” said
Valverde. “Aderhold should be here any
minute.”

  “Sure, Valverde, sure,” said Clinton in a
soothing voice.

  He kept his back turned while he put on
his shirt and his jacket. He did not want to
let Valverde see the moisture in his eyes.
Clinton picked up a few belongings and went
to the door.

  When he turned, he showed Valverde a
smile. It was an effort for Clinton but he
managed it. “Rake him and don’t grab
leather, Valverde,” he said.

  “Thanks, son.”

*	Then Clinton was outside. On the clear
night air he thought he detected a distant
murmur like the throb of galloping hoof-
beats. Clinton hurried to the corral and sad-
dled the blue roan. He mounted and raced
away.

  On a rise, Clinton reined in the horse. In
the moonlight he could see specks deploying
about the buildings of the double V. Then
the shooting broke out. He could see the
winking of the gunflames and the sounds of
the shots were faint and crisp. After a while
the shooting stopped. There was only silence
now. Clinton turned the blue roan and rode
away, the throb of the roan’s hoofs keeping
time with the sad beating of his heavy
heart.

  Not long afterward, times took a turn for
the better. Ernie Clinton caught on with a
large outfit far to the north. He made a
good hand. He worked hard and saved his
money and when he figured he had enough,
he quit his job, bought a gun and rode off
in a hurry.

  He knew how his life would be. He would
settle down and live out his days in hon-
esty and peace but first he had a chore. He
would not rest until this chore was done in
full.

  In the seventy-two years that he lived,
Duke Bedford was the only man Ernie
Clinton killed________000
CATTLE COUNTRY QUIZ

By HALLACK McCORD

(Answers on page 62)

WHEN it conies to Western know-how, are you in the top-hand class ... or do
you rank among the phildoodles? Following are twenty questions on cowpoke topics
which are resigned to separate the oldhands from the greenhorns. Answer seven-
teen or more of them correctly, and you rate excellent. Answer fifteen or sixteen and you’re
good. But answer fourteen or fewer and you land in the phildoodle group. Good luck!

                                           11.	True or false? A “jug handle" is a
                                           mark of ownership cut into livestock and
                                           which resembles the handle of a jug.

                                              12.	If a cowpoke acquaintance told you he
                                              was going to put on his “low-necked clothes,”
                                              which of the following would you think he
                                              was planning to don? Clothes suitable for calf

                                                                       use during a
                                                                       dress up pur-

  1.	True or false? In the old West, a man
was known as “cat eyed” when his eyes re-
sembled those of a panther.

  2.	True or false? “Gold colic” is a stomach
disorder that one gets from handling too much
gold.

  3.	What is the meaning of the Western
slang term, "gone to Texas"?

  4.	If a cowpoke friend of yours referred to a
“goose drowndcr,” which of the following
would he be talking about? A heavy rain?
A device used for killing geese? A vicious
Western fish ?

  5.	In the slanguage of the cowpoke, what is
a "grub spoiler”?

  6.	True or false? A “hooden" is a place
where bachelor cowpokes sleep during rough
weather.

  7.	True or false? The term ■'hornswoggling”
refers to the twisting and turning motions of a
roped steer by which he manages to escape.

 8.	True or false? The term “Indian
whiskey” refers to cheap whiskey sold to
early-day traders.

  9.	True or false? "In the gate” is a term
used in the gambling game known as “monte.”

  10.	If a cowpoke friend of yours told you he
had just seen a horse “jack-knifing,” what
would you think the horse had been doing?

suitable for
Clothes for

 roping? Clothes
 shooting match?
 poses ?

 13.	In the slanguage of the West, what is
 known as "Mormon brakes”?

 14.	If an outlaw friend mentioned the term
 “pants rats,” which of the following would he
 be talking about? Body lice? Trade rats?
 Large black mine rats ?

 15.	What is the meaning of the Western
 slang term, “riding the bag line”?

 16.	True or false. The Spanish word si
 means “I doubt it.”

 17.	True or false? A “spinner” is a horse
 which bucks in a tight circle.

 18.	True or false? “Stirrup leathers” are a
 form of Western food made from tough meat.

 19.	“Teepee” is a slang term that old time
 Westerners sometimes used in referring to
 their houses. Yes or no?

 20.	What is the meaning of the slang ex-
 pression to “throw down” on a man?

51
    Blacky Jethro teas a boot-tough fiombre—and all bad. His eye
    was hard, his heart ivas ice, and his six-gun warned Barney to . ..

DRAW FAST- OR DIE!

 By BRYCE WALTON
The broad shoulders, the tall rawboned frame. The vest and hat would be gray if it were light.

IT WAS getting along toward dawn in
Dodge City, and young Barney Stevens
was getting tired. Tired handing out
rotgut, wiping glasses, watching the bloody
shoot-outs. Tired of the Texans, in from
the Chisholm Trail, who fought the Civil
War over every night in the Brackson-Beg-
bie Saloon.

Seth Brackson strolled up the bar and
Barney gladly poured him a shot of his spe-

cial reserve. He studied Barney from kind-
ly eyes beneath thick grey brows. Through
thick tobacco smoke and the smell of stale
beer, the roaring sound circled round and
round Barney. His head ached. His hands
weren’t steady.

'* “Still a hard town, ain’t it, Barney?”
Brackson said softly. He was a small, deli-
cate old veteran in a swallow-tail coat, and
a black string tie and striped vest.

53
54

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

  “Hard as hell,” was Barney’s answer. “If
you hadn’t giveh me this job, Seth, it’d have
finished me. An’ I sure don’t know what
poor Clara would have done either.”

  “How is Clara?”

  Barney’s throat tightened. A kind of sick
hopelessness hit him at the thought of his
invalid wife. He shook his head. “Getting
worse, Seth. She just wastes away a little at
a time. This town’s killing her, Seth.”
Brackson sighed. “You’ll have to have a
mighty big stake to take her back East.”
Barney nodded. “I appreciate you taking
me in and giving me this job, Seth. You pay
me good, but a man can’t save any money in
this inflated town. I don’t know what to
do.”

  Brackson leaned forward. “This town
knocked the courage out of her. And it did
the same thing to you. Barney. You ain’t a
gunman. You ain’t a cattleman. You’re a
farmer, an’ that’s what you came out here
to be. I gave you a job when the Texans
busted up your wagon an’ stampeded your
team. But you need guts, Barney. I can’t
give you that.”

  Barney flushed. “It’s money I need.
That’s all. Clara’s got to be taken out of
here, and back where we can get a doctor, a
specialist. She’ll die in this country, and I
got to get the money to take her out of it.”
Brackson fondled his long black cigar.
“Maybe she just needs some courage, Bar-
ney, an’ ain’t gettin’ it from you.”

  Barney tried to smile. “I know you’re
tryin’ to help me, Seth, but I know what
Clara needs. I got to get her back East. I
was a damned fool for bringin’ her out here.
But I thought I was gonna be a big pioneer,
an’ start me up a nice farm. My dad was a
farmer and it’s all I know. But what chance
has a man got when the Texans come in and
ride rough-shod over your land an’ bring in
cattle ticks and disease? They never gave
me a chance, anyway. They got me before

I	even got unloaded.”

  It had been about six months since he’d
come into the outskirts of Dodge. A bunch
of Texans, just in with a big beef drive from
Texas, had shot up his wagon, run his team
off, insulted Clara and scattered his supplies
all over the plains. Then they’d made him
take off his boots, and had chased him
through the main street of Dodge, firing ^.45
slugs at his heels.

  Barney had a six-shooter on him then, but

he didn’t know how to use it well enough,
he’d figured, to fight back at that band of
wild-yelling Texans. But he remembered
the leader was a big, raw-boned “tnan with
a thick black mustache, who had worn a
grey stetson and a gray buckskin vest. He
couldn’t forget him.

  And he’d never forget Clara either: the
way she’d stared, her eyes getting big and
dark, and how she’d fainted, when he’d come
back, sneaking through the dark like a
starved coyote. Then he’d gotten drunk,
and stayed drunk for weeks, and gambled
away all their money. He’d been in a kind
of a daze, until one night, he woke up and
shook it off, and taking stock, realized what
had happened to himself—and to Clara. And
then he'd found out that even in a wild town
like Dodge City, one man can be the friend
of another.

  It was Seth Brackson who gave him a
job bar-hopping. That’s where Barney had
been ever since, licking his wounds. Be-
hind the bar, he earned a bare living, and
spent his spare time hating the West, and
above all, hating that nameless Texan who
had insulted him.

GiTTHIS town ain’t so bad, in its way,
Barney,” Brackson was saying. “And
al' Texans ain’t untamable hellions. That
big fella who broke up your wagon and shot
the ground from under your feet was a
_gunman. Blacky Jethro. A damned good
gun rannie, but not a thing to make friends
with.”

  “There’s too much money in this saloon
of yours,” Barney mumbled. “I need money,
and I see all this raw gold dust, eagles an’
double eagles going back an’ forth, an’ I
think of Clara up there wastin’ away, an’ it
drives me crazy.”

  “Money is something you can use only if
you’ve already got the qualifications to use
it,” Brackson said. “An’ as I said afore,
Barney, that Texan bunch put the fear in
your bones, an’ that’s what you’ve got to
rid yourself of.”

  Barney ruffled then. “I ain’t a coward,
Brackson. But who the hell would want
to stay and fight a town like this, in his
right mind? This town just don’t make a
pretense a’ being a place to live in.”

   Voices blurred in over the roaring volume
of course laughter. There was the tinkle of
glass and tinny music blared from the piano
DRAW FAST—OR DIE!

55

at the end of the sawdust floor. Several
gamblers came from the card rooms upstairs
and sauntered down the bar and stood be-
side Seth Brackson to order drinks.

  Barney served them and his heart swelled
and his stomach felt empty as he saw their
rolls of green and yellow bills, big enough
to choke a longhorn steer. One of the
gamblers, a lean tall dude in a frock coat,
with a bowler hat set back on his bald head,
was Corey Begbie, Brackson’s partner, an
Easterner who had helped finance Brack-
son’s saloon venture. He was the brains.
Brackson the front.

  As a tip, Begbie contemptuously tossed
Barney a ten dollar bill. Barney slid the
wet paper off the bar and stuffed it under
his apron, into his levi pocket.

  Another gambler, a whiskey peddler who
made his pile sneaking in sugared alcohol
to the Indians, swore and pounded the bar.
“Lost my damned dirty shirt ag’n!” he
yelled.

  Barney stared at the big roll of bills
another gambler was counting off casually.
His fingers twitched on the bar rag, and he
licked his lips. The gambler who always
lost sneered at Barney.

  “You got a real good racket, you have,
Barney. Can’t recall Brackson or Begbie
here ever hiring a dude tinhorn for a bar-
jumper ’afore. Don’t even carry a gun, do
you? A fine racket. Big tips every night,
all the free rotgut you want, maybe filchin’
the till here an’ then. What a setup, Barney.
You know, I think I’ll get me a nice little
wifie, an’ spread the word around that she’s
fainty-sick near to dyin’; then, maybe,
Brackson’ll take me in, an’ set me up with
a soft job. If—”

  Brackson’s usually kind face went hard,
and his blue eyes iced over. His right hand
flashed across the 'air, the heavy diamond
ring glinting. The gambler who always lost
swore and stumbled back, a red gash ap-
pearing across his forehead, blood running
down into his eyes.

  Brackson rubbed his ring thoughtfully.
“You been riding the kid too much,” he
said. “Go out an’ peddle your alcohol, and
stay out a’ here. The kid’s all right, but
you’re not. Now, keep yore claw away from
thet hoglaig—and git!”

  But Anson didn’t move. Instead, he bent
in a half crouch, snarling, his hand hooked
above the walnut butt of his six-shooter.

  Barney’s throat was dry as his hands
clenched the bar. Then he saw Begbie and
the other gamblers step back out of range
as Brackson flipped back his coat and
dropped his hand to a double-barreled der-
ringer in a shoulder holster.

  An expectant quiet filtered down the
length of the long room and slid up the un-
painted stairs above the piano. The little
fat man who had been playing the same jig
tune over and over, stopped and turned
around. Tables and chairs in the mud-
colored sawdust of the 'floor scraped back.
Men backed away from the bar. The busy
roulette wheels and dice tables in the far
corner went momentarily out of business.

  Barney felt sick in the stomach. In his
nostrils, the smell was thick and rancid and
hot, the small of Dodge, the smell of death
and stale beer and bad whiskey. A drunken
woman with faded blond hair looked up
from a table and laughed tonelessly, then
dropped her head back down in her arms,
overturning a bottle of whiskey.

  Barney had seen it too many times to be
bothered much, except that now he thought
of Seth Brackson going down with a bullet
in him, and it made him cold inside. He
thought about how now» if he had any guts,
he might step in and repay Brackson for all
he’d done for him. A .45 was under the bar.

  But Barney just stood there, frozen, his
hands gripping the bar edge.

  And Anson said. “Your crooked house-
boys have high-staked me to hell fer the
last time, Brackson. You’ve taken me fer
every cent I ever hauled in here. You run a
crooked game here, Brackson, an’ I’m callin’
your dirty hand!”

  Barney took a sharp breath. Everyone
knew Brackson and Begbie’s honesty.
Everyone knew what happened when Brack-
son was accused of the contrary. He was
honest and square, and handled his own
scrapes, though there had been very few
run-ins between' him and Dodge. He wasn't
a gunman, and he wasn't the type of man
to draw the fire of others. Just a fair and
honest man seldom crossed.

  But now the showdown had come. Anson
was lightning fast on the draw. And Brack-
son was short on practice.

BARNEY’S hand crept down beneath the
bar. The .45 kept there by one of the
other bar-jumpers touched his wet fingers.
56

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

His hand jumped away from it like the
metal was red hot. He blinked sweat out
of his eyes, and felt his lips stretch into
a thin sour line. Brackson was right.
Brackson had staked a yellow-bellied coyote,
and could expect nothing in return from
Barney Stevens.

  He heard Begbie say calmly. “Don’t play
with him, Seth. I’ve hired a man.” Begbie’s
voice rose. “All right, Blacky!”

  Barney moved his eyes, and the sickness
in his stomach curdled.

  A big raw-boned man was walking across
the sawdust from the stairs. A big man with
a gray vest, wearing a grey stetson, and a
black mustache, and two low-thonged .45’s.
Barney remembered; he could never forget.
Blacky Jethro!

  Everyone followed the big rangy gunman
as he walked up and stood a little to one
side of Brackson. Brackson’s eyes narrowed.
“I handle my own plays, Jethro. Get him
out of here, Begbie.”

  Begbie said. “Don’t be a damned fool,
Seth.”

  Blacky Jethro moved in front of Brackson.
He moved with a powerful rangy ease, and
his eyes shone with a black, bright eager-
ness.

  He said in a soft drawl. “Holster up and
rabbit out a’ here, Anson. An’ don’t come
back.”

  “You ain’t talkin’ to me,” Anson said. He
wiped the blood out of his eyes with his left
hand, but his right still hung overjiis gun
butt.

  “I’m savin’ it to you, Anson, but only once
more. Flag out.”

  Anson ran his tongue over his lower lip,
and for an instant his eyes looked longing-
ly at the batwings. Then he spoke and his
voice was low and tight. “You put me out,
an’ then I reckon I’ll stay.”

  Few saw Blacky’s draw. When the lead
caught Anson in the shoulder, he was still
sliding his gun free. Then his hand froze,
and he groaned as a sudden blood stain
spread on his buckskins.

  But Blacky wasn’t finished. His right
fist smashed into Anson's jaw, and his left
fist made a sickening slap in' Anson’s belly.
Then he kicked Anson’s leg, and the peddler
sprawled out in the sawdust, and lay there
coughing and grunting.

  After a while, Blacky dragged him to his
feet and started him toward the half-doors.

He threw him outside into the street, and
then returned and leaned against the wall
just inside the doors.'

  For a moment, Barney couldn’t take his
eyes from Blacky. He licked his lips and
rubbed his hands together but couldn’t
turn away. Then Begbie said. “We need a
man like that here, Seth. There’s too much
money here and we got to take care of it
now. I should have asked you, but you know
how it is.”

  Brackson buttoned his coat. “All right,
Begbie.” He glanced at Barney, his face
expressionless. “Reckon we do need a gun-
shark. But keep him out of the card-rooms.
Keep him here on the floor an’ no place
else.”

  Looking at Brackson, Barney wondered
whether he imagined disgust in Brackson’s
eyes and in his voice, but dropped the
thought as Brackson said:

  “You can go see your wife now, Barney.
Bifback at five this afternoon. Got a lot a’
cleanin’ to do.”

  Barney went out the back door when he
left. Blacky Jethro was still standing by
the main half-doors up front. . . .

  Barney was free now. He hurried along
the boardwalk of Dodge, down the long
block that took him every morning at dawn
back to that stuffy little room where Clara
was. He walked fast past the line of un-
painted, leaning, clapboard shells facing the
railroad. on Front Street and cursed the
town as a blight, a blot, a lumped scar
on the belly of Kansas.

  Then he thought of the money, pouring
through Brackson’s saloons in glittering
floods, and how, if he had even a small share
of it, he could take Clara and go back to
Pennsylvania in style, and in a wav that no
one back there could laugh at.

  There was plenty of money in Dodge. He
had watched it make the big gambling tables
groan, watched the dregs of the plains from
Canada to Mexico, the buffalo hunters and
whiskey peddlers, Eastern toiyists and Eng-
lish lords and Russian grand dukes, all with
big fat rolls of bills. And all Barney got
was a measly weekly pay check, and a tip
now and then, tossed unseeingly at him
like bones to a dog.

  He had to have his share, had to get
Clara out of here. He climbed the dusty
stairs through the dim light, and hesitated
outside the warped cracked door to their
DRAW FAST—OR DIE!

57

room in the Tarryington Hotel thinking of
the woman who could only lie in the half
darkness of a hot lonely room, and listen
as the guns flared and funeral processions
passed on to Boot Hill.

   He stepped in and softly closed the door.
On the white' bed, the moon shone through
the window. She stirred, and he saw that she
was awake. She was always awake, waiting,
when he came home at dawn.

  He dropped to his knees beside the bed.
Her hands were like a child’s, damp and
cold. They seemed transparent to Barney
as he held them. She was beautiful, Barney
thought, even now. The moon made a golden
shine on her hair. Her eyes were sunken
in dark shadows, and her voice seemed to
drift to Barney from a long way off.

  “I’ve been worried about you, Barney.”
Barney buried his head in the damp
coverlet. Her hand brushed the back of his
neck, softly, gently. Every time her hand
caressed him like this, it seemed it would be
the last time.

  “I heard a lot of shooting, Barney. I
thought they might have—”

  There was a sob in his voice. “Don't
worry about me, Clara. They aren’t in-
terested in me, nobody’s gonna kill me.”
“We don’t belong here, Barney.”

  “We’ll leave this town pretty soon now.
I’ll get the money someway.”

  “But we don’t need much money, Bar-
ney.”

  He jerked his face up and pounded the
side of the bed with his fist.1 “Everybody
laughed when we left. Remember that,
Clara. They told me I was a young fool for
not stayin’ there. But what was there,
Clara? You always had money. That little
piece a’ land of my dad’s wouldn’t ever have
done anything for us. How did I know that
law an’ order went out of this country when
the Texas drovers came in? But I’m not
goin’ back without money. They’ll not be
laughing when we go back, Clara. I’ll see
to that.’”

  She sighed and turned her face to the
wall. Her voice was muffled.

  “I just lie here and worry about you,
' Barney. I keep thinking every morning that
you’ll never come back.”

   He straightened up slowly. He got to his
feet -and slid back until he dropped into
a chair. He stared at the dawn bursting over
the town.

CHAPTER TWO

Barney Calls a Bluff

LATE that evening, Barney went back
to his nightly grind. His face was
haggard, twisted with his thoughts.
All he could think of were those thick yellow
rolls of bills in the gamblers’ hands. All
night long he had slept fitfully in a strange
yellow rain, a rain of hundred and thousand
dollar bills. If he got the money and got
Clara out of here, she would forget that
evening when he’d run from the Texans, lead
slugs whining at his bare heels, his face white
and his brain glazed with terror.

  Maybe even he would forget that too;
even forget how he had stood frozen, par-
alyzed, while Anson prepared to kill Seth
Brackson.

   He avoided looking _at Blacky Jethro as
he mopped up behind the bar. He wondered
if Blacky remembered him. He never gave
any sign of recognizing him, but then
Blacky’s face never showed anything. It was
expressionless, a kind of bronzed dead mask.

   It was pretty quiet in the saloon, not
yet late enough for the evening rush. Barney
eased around the end of the bar and slipped
.up the stairs. He stood in the half-darkness
of the upper hallway. He'd been here once
before the night he’d lost all their stake in
an all-night session of black-jack. The hall-
way was studded with fourteen closed doors.
These doors led into the card rooms. At
the end of the passageway was an open
doorway where an oil light still burned,
faintly yellow.

   He’d see Brackson. Maybe he’d apologize
for turning yellow that morning. Brackson
had known there was a .45 at Barney’s
finger-tips. But what the hell!—there was
nothing he could say to Brackson. A door
to his right was partly open, and voices
filtered through, the sound of glass and the
smell of thick smoke.

  A poker session, still going, Barney
thought. His mind spun dizzily. He knew
what kind of a game that would be. Hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars piled on that
table like leaves on an Eastern road at fall.

   Stumbling a little, Barney went on down
the passageway and looked inside Brack-
son’s office. Next ‘o it was Begbie’s office,
closed and locked" and silent.

   There, behind a flat desk, Brackson sat.
58

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

His chin was slumped on his chest, his hands
flat on the table top. The ashes of a dead
cigar were like gray dust on the front of
his checkered vest.

  “Brackson,” he whispered hoarsely.
“Seth—”

  Brackson didn’t move. The oil flame
flickered in the lamp. From somewhere on
Front Street came the staccato sound of
revolver blasts.

  “Seth—”

  He saw the safe against the wall. It was
open. He stepped inside the room. “Seth.”
He stared at the shadowed corner where
the opened safe stood.

  The voice spun him around. It was
Begbie. He stood, tall and expressionless in
the doorway, his thumbs hooked in his
jeweled belt, his bowler hat on the back of
his head. “Maybe he’s asleep, Barney. May-
be he don’t want to be disturbed. He’s
always falling asleep like that at his desk.”

  “Sure,” Barney mumbled. He went past
Begbie, and back downstairs, and went to
work behind the bar. As the time passed, he
thought of Brackson, of that opened safe,
of Brackson sleeping with his chin buried
in dead cigar ash. Self disgust and fear was
a big lump in Barney’s stomach, growing
bigger and thicker. He’d gone up there
looking for money, he knew that now. Then
Begbie appeared at the bar, chopping off
Barney’s thoughts.

  The gambler leaned across the bar, his
pale face tight and his eyes too bright. “You
musta’ wanted the money awful bad Barney.”

  “What?”

  Barney’s eyes went through the haze of
smoke, the almost visible mist of beer fumes.
All at once, the roaring sound of the saloon
seemed to slam into his brain. He saw the
gray vest and gray stetson of Blacky Jethro
standing by the half-doors. Standing there
like he'd never moved, would never move
again.

  “I say, Barney, that you must have
wanted the money awful bad. Seth wasn’t
sleeping, not the kind you wake up from.
Somebody gut-shot him.”

  He smiled leadenly at Barney. “Some-
body, Barney—” He held out a button,
then let it fall and spin on the top of the
bar. It was a button from Barney’s shirt.
“I found it by Seth’s desk, Barney.”

  Barney’s mouth was sticky, the words
didn’t come out very well. “It was hangin’

  loose, Begbie. I musta’ lost it up there
when I was up there to see Seth. You saw
me. I just went up to see Seth.”

  “You saw him, Barney, didn’t you? May-
be your voice was the last he ever heard.
What did you say, Barney—'thanks, Seth,
thanks for that big dumb heart.’ Is that
what you said, Barney?”

  Begbie began eating slowly from the red
cheese and cracker supply on the bar.

  “I wouldn’t do any harm to Seth Brack-
son,” Barney said.

  “No one will, now,” Begbie said. “He was
a great man, but not for this business. He
trusted people. I already sent word to
the sheriff.”

  Begbie turned and hooked his elbows on
the bar. Thevsaloon had quieted as a stocky,
hard looking man came through the bat-
wings and without looking at anyone, went
up the unpainted stairs, with two deputies
behind him.

  Begbie said. ‘‘Bat Masterson’s mighty fast
with a gun, but I’ve seen sheriffs with more
brains. I’m goin’ up and tell him some-
thing. Barney. Wanta’ come along?”

  “Wha—what you gonna tell him?” Bar-
ney whispered.

  “Don’t know, not for sure, not right yet,”
Begbie said. “Whoever murdered Seth got
a mighty big haul out of the safe. What I
say depends on what he does with the bills.
Guess there must have been a hundred
thousand in tapped currency sheafs in that
safe, Barney. But it ain’t there now. I
went back in an’ I stood there an’ talked
with Seth for ten minutes before 1 found
out for sure why he didn’t answer. Then I
thought of you, Barney, and how much you
wanted to go back to Pennsylvania in style.
Think Bat Masterson might be interested
in that.”

  Begbie turned and Barney followed him
toward the stairs. The piano had stopped,
and men watched them, the whisper running
from mouth to mouth that Seth Brackson
had been murdered; the safe robbed. Then
Barney found that .45 in his hand, found
himself shoving it under the waist band
of his levis.

  Begbie hadn’t directly accused him of'
killing Brackson. Merely suggested. Murder
and the money; just suggestion. That’s all
it took in Dodge City. A peculiar sensation
stirred in Barney as his legs moved mechani-
cally up the stairs. A terrilf; feeling that he
DRAW FAST—OR DIE!

59

was trapped ... and alone . . . forever.

  With Seth Brackson dead and gone, Bar-
ney realized how much strength the quiet
old man had given him, how much Barney
had depended on Brackson. And he re-
membered what Brackson had said once to
him:.

  “You’re something like my son was to
me, Barney. He looked a lot like you. He
was very young, like you, and he hadn’t
learned yet to be tough. He never got a
chance to learn. A Sherman man shot him
down by Kennesaw Mountain.”

  Maybe he thought Barney’d grow into
something, like he knew his son would have
if he hadn’t been shot down at Kennesaw
Mountain. Barney’s breath choked in his
throat. He was almost glad Brackson had
been dead, because now Brackson would
never know that Barney had come seeking
up here earlier to try to steal a sheaf or two
of dirty yellow bills.

  Barney stopped, and Begbie went on down
the passageway toward Brackson’s office,
where Bat Masterson and his deputies were
looking around. Who had murdered Brack-
son. Who could have—?

  •It didn’t matter, because they’d stick him
with it. Maybe they would; maybe they
wouldn’t. But anyway, Brackson was dead,
and hadn’t deserved to die. Barney couldn’t
face him now, even dead. He slipped out of
the passageway into an empty card room.

IT WAS DARK. He stumbled through the
dark toward an open window. It was a
twenty foot drop or so to the ground. He’d
run for it, tell Clara—what would he tell
Clara? No—he’d go on anywhere, fade out.
Maybe that would be good for Clara. Then
she’d know for sure what he was. He
tipped over a box by the window.

  He started to climb out the window, and
his hands brushed against the canvas sack,
tied up fast and hard. He knew what was
in it, he knew where it came from. He
crouched down, his eyes growing accustomed
to the light. Hifr fingers fumbled at the
heavy cord, and then he spilled the thick
sheafs of tapped currency.

  Minutes marched past through the dark-
ness of the room as Barney crouched there,
a sheaf of yellow thousand dollar bills in
each hand. The killer had cached it here,
temporarily, hidden it in that box, waiting
to make a getaway. Someone in the saloon,

  one of the gamblers who knew they wouldn’t
be using this room for a spell.

  He stuffed the money back in the sack
and started to tie it up. The door opened
slowly. A ray of light fell on Barney’s
hands, on the sack.

  In silhouette, he saw a tall thin outline,
and then the door closed and Begbie was
standing over him. His jeweled belt glit-
tered, as did the pearl handle of his .41
Colt in its studded holster.

  Barney half rose, on one foot and knee,
still clutching the sack. He had the money
now. All he'd ever need. He could still try
to get Begbie, and if he did, he could run
with the money. With Clara, he could get
out of town tonight. They’d never suspect
Barney, not for a while.' Maybe he could
get free, live free, give Clara all the gold
of heaven—

  Begbie said. “They’re taking his body out
now, Barney, carrying it on a door. I
didn’t say anything to Masterson. I didn’t
know—but now—”

  “I didn’t kill him,” Barney said. “I
couldn’t. I was scared and stepped in here
because I thought you were going to tell
the Sheriff I’d killed him. I was going to.
try to get away. I found the money and—”
Begbie’s laughter came down softly
through the dark. “You can’t even lie
strong, Barney. You sound guilty, guiltier
than hell.”

  Barney dropped the sack. He stood up.
“Don’t try to jump me, Barney.” Barney
saw the pearl-handled gun slide free, heard
the oi’y click of the hammer going back.

  “Wait a minute, Begbie. I’m tellin’ the
truth. You got to believe I’m tellin’ the
truth. Whoever killed him brought the
money here to hide it until he could get
it out of the saloon. Whoever did it will be
here to get the money, tonight, right soon
probably. We’ll wait here, Begbie. We’ll
wait together and he’ll show up. Then
you’ll know. If I’m lyin’, no one will come.”
Begbie was silent for a while. Finally he
said. “All right, Barney. A skunk deserves
a fightin’ chance. We’ll wait a while. But
not too long. Masterson is the prowling
kind.”

  They waited for what seemed several
hundred years. Begbie had moved back into
a corner, and gradually Barney could dis-
tinguish the highlights of his face, the white
shiny bone structure and the hollows and
60

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

shadows between. His breath was long and
even. Always calm, always smooth, was
Begbie, the man from the East, the man
from Chicago.

  Barney leaned back against the wall by
the window, and after awhile he realized that
his right hand was gripping the butt of
the big .45 he’d thrust into the waistband
of his levis. The gun felt clammy and cold
under his palm. He felt his fingers curl
slowly until he was gripping the butt tight
and hard.

  He stared at the closed door; he couldn’t
take his eyes off of it. The sounds of the
saloon below seemed to fade. The sounds
from the roaring hell of Front Street, that
faded too. Nothing existed anymore but
that door, and a few scattered memories,
the things a man always wants to remember
before he dies.

  The things Clara had said:

  “Barney . . . I’ve never even been on a
farm. . . . I hear it’s awfully wild out West.
. . . but I know you can handle anything,
Barney . . . I know I’ll never have to worry
as long as I’m with you. . . .”

  Barney’s lips moved in the dark. “Re-
member when you said those things, Clara.
And then remember tonight. But forget
what happened in between.”

  He remembered the scattered advice Old
Seth Brackson had given him, like he would
have given it to his own son if he hadn’t
fallen in bloody Georgia by a blue coat’s
rifle.

  “Every man’s a coward up until his first
shoot-out. Some men never have that shoot-
out, and they never know whether they’re
strong or weak . . . when a man really
dies, it’s clean and quick ... but a coward
dies every minute of his life .. . and a coward
always lives too long. . . .”

  Barney whispered silently, the words echo-
ing back into his brain.

  “Where ever you are, Seth, help me. Just
stand by,- that’s all. Just watch, and if some-
thing starts goin’ wrong, tell me, Seth.”
Footsteps went up and down the passage-
way beyond the door. Voices faded off and
on, money-talk. Ten thousand dropped with
one card. Twenty thousand on the barrel-
head. . . .

  Barney’s lips stretched painfully. Sweat
trickled down his ribs. Again and again he
had to swallow to open up his throat. And
he finally released his grip on the Colt

handle, and found his fingers paralyzed,
numb. He was flexing that hand when the
door opened abruptly.

  The broad stetson, the broad shoulders,
the tall, rawboned frame. The vest and hat
would be gray if it were light. Jethro. . . .

  The big gunman hesitated, then came for-
ward and closed the door. He stood, breath-
ing heavily, adjusting his eyes to the dark.
Barney slid the heavy Colt free, lifted it. He
drew in a deep silent breath, sweet rare
breath when it’s a man’s last. And he
thought of all the things he’d wanted to do,
the big plains farm he was going to build,
the waving oceans of wheat that were to be
his . . . the kids, wild free sun-blackened
kids, they would have been his too. And
the thought of Clara made a throbbing
vibrant ache in his head.

  He waited for that sick, empty fear, that
helpless vomity fear. And it didn’t come.
There was no feeling at all. Just a gray vest
and a gray stetson coming toward him
through the last twilight.

  He heard his voice say. “No use walkin’
any further, Jethro. Might as well die right
there.”

  Jethro’s huge frame seemed to freeze, then
shrink down into a dark tense blob. His
voice was harsh. “What’n billy hell,” he
said.

  “It’s me—Barney Stevens—the stubble-
jumper you never gave a chance to stubble-
jump. One afternoon I ran down Front
Street without any boots on. A certain wild
Texan was shooting at my feet. I’m .going
to kill you, Jethro.”

  Jethro’s laugh was short and low. “It
takes practice to deal that hand, clod-hop-
per.”

 “The way you dealt it out to Seth
Brackson, shooting him in the belly while he
had his hands on the top of his desk.”

  “Any ole’ way at all, clod-hopper, it all
plays out the same.”

THE DARK blob moved, tiger-fast,
swooping to one side, and there was the
slap of flesh on leather. Barney had never
shot a revolver, even in the light. He’d had
practice with a squirrel rifle, that was all.
All he could do .was stand and keep slam-
ming in shots, slamming them blindly and
fast, and he did that.

  He’d seen the blasting orange stabbing
at him, and dimly heard the blare and thun-
DRAW FAST—OR DIE!

61

der. Now the sound and the flame stopped.
He staggered back and leaned against the
wall. The dark blob shrank lower and lower
and it fell with a dull thump on the floor.

   Now Barney felt the blood searing his
flesh, knew the way that bullets burned
under his skin.

  Begbie moved out of the corner. His
voice was tight. “You did for ’em good,
Barney. God, but it was short!”

   A coughing curse came lip from the floor.
Begbie swore. “He ain’t dead!”

  His gun swept up, froze as the voice
gasped from the floor.

   “Damn your cut-throat soul to black hell,
Begbie. . . . you been here . . . you let
him get me . . . to shut me up. . . . Hire me
to kill Brackson, then . . .”

   His voice faded out beneath the sudden
blast of Begbie’s Colt.

   Begbie’s body turned slowly. “Now you,
Barney. You know too much. I’m damned
sorry too.”

   Barney tried to keep his body erect, keep
it from sliding down the wall. That, Barney
guessed, was about as far as his short road
went. He tried to lift the .45, and then
wondered if it hadn’t been emptied of power.

   Footsteps pounded along the passageway
outside, but no one dared open the door.

   Barney whispered . . . “You had Blacky
kill Brackson so the business would be all
yours . . . but maybe Blacky decided to
take the money ... or maybe that was part
of your idea ... a blind . . . and you planned
to get Blacky all the time, to shut him
up. . . .”

   Begbie said softly. “That was the way
I had it figured out, Barney. But you
weren’t figured in. I never thought of you
bein’ in it. Now you can take all the blame.
I can tie you and fethro in together, and say
you both had a shoot-out.”

   Barney’s hand had been closing around
the back of the chair. With a final thrust of
strength, he hurled it upward. It lifted
Begbie’s gun arm as the Colt blasted the
ceiling.

  Barney pitched away from the wall,
brought his right hand up and around in
a heavy arc. The pistol barrel cracked
across Begbie’s face. Begbie groaned; he
staggered back, and the gun in his hand
flashed blindly as Barney struck again.

   He felt bone and flesh crunch beneath the
heavy barrel, Begbie went backward. He

was crawling and Barney fell beside him.
He grabbed Begbie’s shirt and held him,
and he kept lifting and bringing the pistol
barrel down. And he was still doing that,
when someone finally worked up enough
courage to open the door.

  But it was too late then to do anything
for Begbie. And after Barney told the story,
110 one cared.

*	* *

  They patched him up down below, Barney
sitting at a table of honor with everyone
gathered around. Bat Masterson was mak-
ing comments and admiring Barney’s nerve
for waiting up there like that for Blacky
Jethro. And there was U.S. Marshal, Earp,
biting a dry cigar. He was a stringy man
with the alert, cautious air of a fighting
cock and his fingers played constantly with
his gun, the nails clicking the metal. And he,
too. had complimentary things to say about
Barney Stevens’ guts. And all Barney could
think of was how much he wished old Seth
Brackson was around to hear what they
were saying, and that he could see Clara’s
face again.

  They took a long time fixing him up. A
deep side slash and a punctured shoulder
are not ea'sy to patch. Now and then, some-
one handed him a sh6t of Brackson’s special
reserve whiskey. Barney didn’t feel any
pain.

  Mike Barlow, Brackson’s lawyer, took the
opportunity to read part of Brackson’s will,
and everybody heard it, and congratulated
Barney with loud cheers and roars of ap-
proval.

  “I, Seth Brackson, hereby bequeath my
half of the ownership of the Brackson-Beg-
bie Saloon to Barney Stevens, a lad who
should know by now whether or not he can
handle it the way I’d want it handled. . .

  Barney got up, and started across the
sawdust floor.

  “Think you can handle it that way,
Barney?” Mike Barlow called after him
pleasantly.

  Barney smiled. “I’ll be back to see,” he
said.

  He climbed the steps of the Tarryington
Hotel, this time with a firm hard stride. He
opened the door and went in. He bent over
the bed and picked her up, and carried her
to the window. A little gasp came from her
as she saw the dried blood on his shirt, the
bandages.
62

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

  The rank smell of Dodge City came up
and through the open window. Its yellow
lights cast a soft misty glow over the ugly
buildings. The smell was close to the earth,
thick, and it drove out the prairie smell.
Stale beer, bad whiskey, and flesh rotting
off the thousands of buffalo hides piled
twenty and thirty feet high alongside the
railroad.

  Barney breathed it in, deep full breaths.
Clara said. “'Let me down, Barney.” Her
eyes were bright, and color flooded her
cheeks. They stood there and Barney’s arm
was around her. He told her everything
that had happened.

  She said softly. “I knew it was some-
thing like that, Barney. 1 felt it as soon
as you came in.” She swayed weakly, but
there was strength in her. It had always
been there, Barney, knew. And he knew it
would always be there from now on into
the coming years.

  “We’ll sell the saloon and buy a lot of land
here, Clara.”

  She nodded.

  “You’ll be all right now?”

  “Yes, Barney. I won’t be worrying about
you anymore.”

  “You dori’t want to—go back. We could
do that.”

  “No, Barney. It’s what you want to do
that’s important.”

  Barney breathed deeply. In the street
below a horse charged wildly, as the sway-
ing figure in the saddle discharged two six-
shooters, emptying them aimlessly into the
air. The thunder of sound echoed and died
between the unpainted buildings. Then, even
the hoofbeats faded away and there was si-
lence.

  Barney turned. He laughed. As he bent
to kiss her, Clara was laughing too, her
eyes closed. And it was getting along to-
ward dawn in Dodge City. ... O O O

Answers to CATTLE COUNTRY QI5IZ

                                     (Questions on page 51)

  1.	False. A “cat-eyed” man is one who is
constantly on the alert for danger. Thus, his
eyes are ever shifting about, watching.

  2.	False. “Gold colic” is a term used in
reference to lust for gold or ‘money.

  3.	“Gone to Texas” is an expression used
in reference to one who is at outs with the law.

  4.	If a cowpoke friend mentioned a "goose
drownder,” he would be talking about a very
heavy rain.

  5.	In the slanguage of the cowpoke, a “grub
spoiler” is the cook.

  6.	True. A "hooden” is a bachelor cow-
poke sleeping quarters.

  7.	True. "Hornswoggling” refers to the
twisting and turning motions a roped animal
uses in escaping from a cowpoke.

  8.	True. “Indian whiskey” was cheap
whiskey that early-day traders sold to Indians.

  9.	True. “In the gate” is a term used in
monte.

  10.	If a cowpoke friend mentioned he had
just seen a horse “jack-knifing,” he would
mean he had witnessed a horse bucking in
such a way that its hind feet clicked against
its front ones.

  11.	True. A “jug handle” is an ownership
mark cut in such a way that it resembles the
handle of a jug.

  12.	If a cowpoke friend told you he was
going to put on his "low-necked clothes,” he
would mean he was intending to don the best,
dress up clothes he had.

  13.	“Mormon brakes” is a term used in
connection with tying a tree behind a wagon.
The device was used to cut down the speed of
a wagon going downhill.

  14.	If an outlaw friend—or other Western-
er, for that matter—referred to “pants rats,”
he would be talking about body lice.

  15.	“Riding the bag line” means riding the
grub line.

  16.	False. The Spanish word si means
“yes.”

  17.	True. A “spinner” is a horse which
bucks in a tight circle.

  18.	False. "Stirrup leathers” are parts of
stirrups.

  19.	Yes. “Teepee” is a slang expression
which some old time Westerners used in refer-
ence to their houses.

  20.	To “throw down” on a man means to
cover him with a gun.
THE MEDICINE WIRE

By BENNETT
FOSTER

Andy Curtis rode the
line of pole9, looking
at the wires. Rifles
boomed in the rocks....

Andy Curtis was one of the quiet,
unsung heroes of the frontier,
where fighting off marauding
Sioux and fixing the talking wire,
so that a message of peace could
inspire the world, was all in the
day’s work!

THERE was a sharp wind blowing
when the three Minneconjou Sioux
came down the slope of Crying Wom-
an butte into the valley of the Platte. They
argued with each other as they rode south
toward the telegraph line.

“It is a medicine wire,” Fights His Horses
declared. “It carries messages for the white

63
64

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

men. Washakie was at Fort Bridger and
Winnemucca was in Smoky valley. They
could not see each other, they could not
hear, but the white men told the medicine
wire and when Washakie and W’innemucca
met, each knew what the other had said. It
is a medicine wire and / say, leave it alone!”
Black Calf slapped his flintlock rifle in it’s
deerskin case. “My medicine is stronger
than the wire!” he boasted. “When the wire
is broken, one man comes to fix it. / say,
cut it and wait for him!”

  Elk Robe made the decision. “Fights His
Horses is right,” Elk Robe said, “but Black
Calf has strong medicine. Do you, Black
Calf, ride back and forth under the wire.
If nothing happens we will cut it.”

  In Sand Creek stage station, Andy Curtis
listened to the clatter of the Morse relay
repeating a San Francisco dispatch. Mrs.
Marples, the station keeper’s wife, was wash-
ing breakfast dishes, Marples, Dad Purcell
and Ribidoux, the hostlers, were in the main
room. The sounder of the way wire came
alive and Andy copied. When the message
ended she stepped to the door.

  “Dry Wells says the stage is through the
Gap,” he announced. “There’ll be six pas-
sengers for dinner.”

  Marples nodded and, returning to his
stool, Andy tried to call Blue Hill but the
line was dead. Beyond the window, he could
see the poles marching eastward, the through
wire and the way wire strung between them,
sagging in long curves. Poles and wire were
not two years old; the first transcontinental
telegraph, spanning the nation.

  “Damn it!” Andy Curtis said and tried
Blue Hill again.

  Intervals during the next half hour he
tested the line, always with the same result.
It was open to the west, dead to the east.
That was the rule: Test for thirty minutes
then search, find and repair the break. For
twenty-five miles in each direction, Andy
Curtis was the Western Union Telegraph
Company; operator and lineman, too. The
half hour ended and he assembled equip-
ment; climbing irons, tools and a brand new
Spencer rifle.

  Marples, Ribidoux and Dad Purcell were
in the corral when Andy saddled his mule.
Dad Purcell grinned toothlessly and said
that this never happened when the Pony
Express was running; them boys went right
on through. Marples, eyeing the Spencer,

suggested that Andy take another rifle.

“You just got her,” Marples said, “and
you don’t know how she shoots. Take mine.”

   “She shoots seven times,” Andy answered,
“and that’s good enough for me.”

   He rode off toward the east, the Spencer
balanced across his thighs.

  Below the slope of Crying Woman, Elk
Robe, Fights His Horses and Black Calf,
well hidden in a nest of boulders, waited
with the patience of their kind. Their pon-
nies were tethered in a coulee and before
them, a full pole’s span distant, two wires
were on the ground.

   “He is coming now,” Black Calf said. “It
is my plan, and I will shoot him.”

   “If you miss him, he will get away,” Elk
Robe objected. “Fights His .Horses and I
will shoot the mule.” Each man checked
his priming, each pushed his rifle between
stones, thumbed back a hammer, sighted,
squinting.

   Andy Curtis came down the line of poles,
looking at the wires. Three pole spans, two
—he saw the fallen wires and stopped. Rifles
boomed in the rocks, the mule went down.
Andy, thrown clear, held to the Spencer,
got up, ran and dropped behind the mule.

  “You missed him!” Elk Robe accused,
“but we killed the mule. Now we must
.make him shoot and charge him when his
gun is empty.” He moved cautiously, expos-
ing head and shoulders. From the breast-
works of the dead mule, Andy fired.

   Instantly the Sioux were on their feet,
running, charging in. But this was no muz-
zle loader that they charged. Behind the
mule, Andy Curtis worked lever and fin-
gered his trigger. Elk Robe flinched from a
bullet burn across his ribs, wheeled and
dodged back into the rocks.

   Black Calf dropped and crawled to safety.
Fights His Horses hid behind a boulder. An-
dy Curtis thumbed .56 caliber shells through
the trap in the Spencer’s butt-plate, filled
the magazine, worked-, the lever and then
waited.

   There was no movement in the rocks, no
sign of life, at all. The wires lay on the
ground, almost touching the dead mule.
Wind whipped the grass and overhead clouds
scudded by. Then, on the slope of Crying
Woman, well out of rifle shot, Andy saw
three riders. They went up the slope, dimin-
ishing, growing smaller, rounded a shoulder
and disappeared. . . .
THE MEDICINE WIRE

65

TT WAS nearing sundown when Andy re-
turned to Sand Creek station. East and
west bound stages had come and gone. Wear-
ily—for twelve miles on foot will tire a man
—he told Marples, Ribidoux and Dad Pur-
cell the happenings of the day. Still weary,
he called Blue Hill and Dry Wells, inform-
ing the operators that the circuits were re-
paired. Andy Curtis had done a day’s work,
but food restores a man.

  After supper, he sat on his stool, listening
to the clatter of the through wire relay. The
hostlers and the station keeper entered the
office.

  ‘‘What's the war news, Andy?” Dad Pur-
cell asked.

  “There’s a dispatch coming now," Andy
Curtis answered and, dipping his pen into
the inkwell, began to copy.

  Gettysburg, Pa. Nov. 19, 1863: A por-
  tion of this great battlefield, so bitterly
  contested last July, was today dedicat-
  ed as a National Cemetery in an impres-
  sive ceremony. . . .

  “Gettysburg," Marples read over Andy’s
shoulder. “That’s where your General Lee
took a lickin’, Purcell.”

  “He never neither!” Dad Purcell’s voice
was outraged. “He never run, did he?
He . . ”

  They wrangled back and forth, Marples,
Purcell and Ribidoux. Andy’s pen scrawled
on. As can any good operator, he followed
the clatter of the sounder with half his
mind, the rest was free.

  ... at the conclusion of Mr. Everett’s

  oration, the President was called upon
  for a Jew appropriate remarks. Mr.
  Lincoln spoke as follows:

  "Four score and seven years ago our
  fathers brought forth on this continent
  a new nation . . .

  “Yaaah!” Dad Purcell shrilled. “What
about ol’ Stonewall? What about Manassas?
Tell me that!”

  . . . But in a larger sense we cannot
  dedicate, we cannot consecrate, we can-
  not hallow this ground. The brave men,
  living and dead . . .

  Beyond the butte called Crying Woman,
north of the Platte valley, Elk Robe, Fights
His Horses and Black Calf pushed steadily
along through the night. Elk Robe and
Fights His Horses were blanket wrapped
against the November cold but Black Calf
wore a fur cap and an old army overcoat.

  “It was a new kind of gun!” Black Calf
said. “A gun that shoots many times. We
saw only one man! It was a new gun! ”
Fights His Horses shook his head. “We
could not see behind the mule,” he refuted.
“The medicine wires were on the ground
and he called to them for help. There were
seven men behind the mule. No gun shoots
that many times!”

  Black Calf and Fights His Horses looked
at Elk Robe, awaiting judgment. Elk Robe
was a famous warrior, older than his com-
panions, a leader.

  “It was the medicine wire,” Elk Robe pro-
nounced and, freeing his hand from the blan-
ket, swept it in an all inclusive circle. “A
white man speaks and the medicine wire
tells the whole world what he says.” O O O

 —	PRACTICAL PIONEER —

  One old timer, questioned about new methods of plowing and
planting, let out a stream of good old Texas trail language when he.
answered the interviewer’s question.

  “No, sir,” he said between breaths. “I ain’t never stuck a plow
into a piece of land yet, and I don’t intend to. When you plow a piece
of ground, the first thing you do is to take a turning plow and turn
the land upside down. It is my firm opinion that when the Lord made
the land He knew which side of it he wanted up in the first place.
And I don’t intend to be changing it from the way He made it.”

                                        —Allan K. Echols
TALCS 7V the

MOSSMAN oFthe RANGERS

 The NAME BURTON C MOSSMAN IS WRIT
 LAR6E IN THE ANNALS OF THE ARIZONA
 TERRITORY. A SMALL MAN, FASTIDIOUS IN
 DRESS AND MANNER, WITH 5TEEL-C0LD
 EYES AND ICY NERVE, HE WAS SUPER-
 INTENDENT OF A CATTLE OUTFIT WHEN,
 AROUND 1900, GOV. MURPHY -•
 COMMISSIONED HIM TO
 ORGANIZE THE
 ARIZONA RANGERS. M

'THE TERRITORY SWARMED WITH BORDER RUNNERS, RUSTLERS, HIGH-
WAYMEN AND BANDS OF OUTLAWS WHO SWEPT DOWN FROM HIDE-
OUTS IN THE MOUNTAINS, RAIDING AND MURDERING. WITH HIMSELF
AS CAPTAIN, MOSSMAN TOOK A SERGEANT AND 12 RANGERS CHOSEN
FROM OLD COWHANDS AND TEDDY ROOSEVELT'S ROUGH RIDERS,AND
SET OUT TO CLEAN THINGS UP.

 ■Bandits boldly robbed a post office and fled into the

 TERRITORY ONLY TO BE-TAKEN, MUCH TO THEIR SURPRISE,

BY THE NEWLY ORGANIZED RANGERS. WHEN BILL
SMITH’S GANG TRICKED AND KILLED TWO OF HIS
RANGERS, MOSSMAN SAW RED. WITH ONLY A
PAIR OF APACHE TRACKERS, HE FOLLOWED -
THEM RELENTLESSLY OVER THE	-3#*.. \|

MOUNTAIN5.THROUGH RAIN
AND SNOWSTORMS, FOR
ea DAYS .THEN LOST THE
TRAIL IN A BLIZZARD.

 SMITH AVOIDED
 ARIZONA AFTER
 THAT.

66
    Alone or in pairs,the rangers patrolled the vast wilderness.

   THE MEXICAN BANDIT5ALIVARAS WAYLAID AND MURDERED A MINE-
   SUPERINTENDENT CARRYING PAYROLL GOLD. MOS5MAN TRACKED THE-
   KILLER TO A DESERT WATER HOLE. A BULLET CAME UP OUT OF THE
   GROUND AND CAUGHT HIM IN THE SIDE. SALIVARAS HAD BURIED
   HIMSELF UP TO THE NECK IN THE WATER HOLE. THE RANGER'S
   RETURN FIRE KILLED THE BADMAN-AND SALIVARAS WA5 LEFT
   IN HIS IMPROMPTU GRAVE-.

    Augustin chacon.outlaw killer or at least 30men, had escaped

    JAIL AS HE WAS ABOUT TO BE HANGED. CAPT./V10S5/V1AN, DECIDING
    TO USE TRAIN ROBBERBORTALV'ORDASA DECOY, WENT ALONE AND
    UNARMED TO ALVORD'S /MOUNTAIN HIDEOUTAND INTRODUCED HIMSELF.

    In RETURN FOR A PROMISE OF HELP IP HE GAVE HIMSELF UP, THE TRAIN
    ROBBER LED CAPT. MOSSMAN, WHO P05ED AS A CONFEDERATE,

    TO CHACON. M055MAN AND CHACON WATCHED EACH
    OTHER LIKE HAWKS FOR 24 HOURS UNTIL THE
    RANGER, IN LI6HTING A CIGARETTE, MANAGED
    TO DROP HIS HAND TO HIS GUN AND
    COVER THE OUTLAW. BROUGHT
    IN, CHACON WAS PROMPTLY
    HANGED THIS TIME.

67
OVER THE
HILL TO
HELL

The endless prairie, the burning
desert, the stark mountains, and
the hostile savages were easy
enough for big Bill Shawn, for in
his years as a wagon scout he’d
conquered them all ... . but God
save him from this caravan of
mutinous greenhorns, who’d lose
their way anywhere—except on the
road to hell!

'¥

Kalder cried, “I’ll stop you,
Shawn, from leading us to
Klin!”

68

    By ROBERT
    TR3MNELL

THE mountains had been before them
for so many days that their eyes had
shriveled from squinting at them
through the glitter of sun on the alkali flats.
Their skins were burnt black or blistered to
a fiery red, but still, they made their way
through the burning wastes, intent on their
goal.

   It was rough in the heat. The spokes dried
'out and rattled and the wheels shrunk until
their iron tires suddenly clattered off. But
not until the wagon tongues snapped, did
their tempers go.

  The brunt of abuse was heaped on Big
OVER THE HILL TO HELL

69

Bill Shawn, but that red-haired giant, riding
at the lead, let the insults break on his broad
back. He was big, this man in buckskins,
and little things didn’t often faze him. Near-
ing forty years of age, and at the height of
his physical powers, a score of trails had
burnt his body into tight ropes of muscle
and hardened his mind to many things.

  He knew what (hey were saying, but he
didn’t care. They were saying that maybe
he’d run twenty trains into Santa Fe but
they’d passed the Santa Fe Trail a long time
back. They might even h® helling that he
didn’t know the way In Oeaon any better
than they did. It didn't •’-•itter. He knew
his own bullwhackers were loyal and that was
the important thing, even though the new-
comers had twenty-five wagons against his
ten and stood as a sreenhorn majority
against his seasoned trail men.

  Once he had dared them. ‘ All right, go off
North to the regular trail if you want,” he
had said. “We’re through the Pawnee coun-
try now and they say there’s no bad Injuns
ahead. But remember, I’m takin' this trail.”

  That had riled them. He knew well enough,
they said, that they couldn’t go it alone. It
was clear to them that he was trying to trick
them. Any fool knew that there were hor-
rible Injuns everywhere. So they’d mumbled
and grumbled through a meeting in which
Joel Kalder, the lawyer, had delivered a fire-
side speech against Shawn and splitting up
the party and that had been all. Except that
Kalder had somehow established himself as
spokesman for the immigrants. But even
that was negligible, for, by hook and by
crook, and by cursing and cajoling, Bill got
them to the mountains.

  They had double-hitched to the first bench.
There, the trail seemed to go straight up
so Bill Shawn hitched five teams to a wagon
and dragged it to the second bench. From
there, a bluff rose two hundred feet to the
top, where an easy trail led off into the
plateau beyond.

  The first wagon up was one of Bill’s own.
He tied the great rope himself to the dou-
ble trees, then carried it up to the pulley,
which had been anchored to a rock outcrop-
ping by a logg'ng chain that he meant to
sell in Oregon. He reeved it through and
for a moment glanced down the hillside.

  Below, by the wagon, was the surly gang
that was to heave on the rope and below
them, a ten-horse hitch was dragging the

next wagon up to the bench. Further down,
the rising yellow dust murked where the rest
of the train straggled upwards. Bill Shawn
growled to himself, “Damn greenhorns!”
Then he jerked the rope through and again
glowered down the trail.

  After a while, he jumped down off the
rock with the rope in his big, red-haired
hands, and lunged down the hill as the rope
shrilled through the pulley. He was down to
the others when the rope hauled him up with
a jerk, and a cloud of dust burst up around
his boots.

  A man called out of the crowd, "You no-
tice that rain cloud, Shawn?”

TTE HAD noticed it, and now he looked
up again. It was gun-metal gray and
hanging right over them. He glanced at the
speaker. It. was Joel Kalder, the lawyer.
His long face was cut by a thin smile. He
was pleased by that cloud.

  “If that cloud breaks,” Kalder said, ‘‘It
will turp this hillside into a river.”

  Shawn swore. “Then dammit, we’ll tloat
the v^igons uphill!” Roughly, he turned on
his crew. “Now git onto that rope and take
a strain. But don’t you forget a minute that
if you slip, this wagon’s goin’ to go down-
hill like a gunshot out of particular hell and
blow a hole right through those folks cornin’
up! Now strain, damn you, strain!”

  Grumbling, they seized the rope and ar-
ranged themselves along it so each man had
space to grip in. It took a long time.

  Bill watched, his hands on his hips until
they’d finished. Then he roared, “You polers.
When we take a strain, yank those poles out
of the wheels and go up alongside, ready to
pole in, when we get on top. Now, ever’-
body! Pull solid! Don't jerk consarn ye!
Pu-ull!”

  “Pu-u-11!” he bellowed, and steadily threw
his own weight against the rope. “Don’t
jerk, pu-u-II!”

  The chain up above them grated into
rock.. The pulley screamed shrilly as steel
honed against steel. Poles clattered out of
the freed wheels and men grunted, heaving
on the spokes. The merest movement raised
choking clouds of dust that hid the peaks in
the distance and narrowed vision down to
the yellowed wheel spokes on which the men
hung their weight, or the coarse rope burn-
ing at their hands.

  Shawn’s own fists were fastened on the
70

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

rope like twisted roots of some giant tree.
He felt the great backward surge of power
driving out of his unflexing legs. The wagon
was inching forward.

  The dust steadily thickened as thirty pairs
of boots stabbed at the slope, but the men
coutinued driving their weight back down-
hill, dragging the wagon with painful slow-
ness up toward the pulley and the rock. The
sun burned down hot on their backs and
sweat was stinging in their eyes, but, still,
no one faltered.

  The pulling men were down behind the
wagon now. It hadn’t more than twenty
feet to go and the polers were yelling excit-
edly and preparing to jam the pole through.
They used oak timbers from a wagon that
had fallen off a ridge and smashed up for
Shawn did not trust green poles to hold the
wheels. Up at the lead, he struggled, and
they worked like demons to keep pace.

  “Git on it, you boys,” Shawn bellowed.
“Git back there away from Oregon, back
away from Oregon, so the wagijns can go
ahead!” His muscles bunched powerful, but
his legs held firm and he chanted in the
rhythm of his work, “Git away from Ore-
gon, Oregon!”

  They took up his chant until suddenly,
the spell was broken by frightened yells be-
hind. In an instant, Bill Shawn felt the rope
in his hands come alive and jerk away from
him. He felt the rope dance and heard rocks
clattering, and saw the yellow dust thicken
around him as men below rolled it up. Then
somebody yelled, “They ain’t holdin’ ahind!”

  The dust, whirled up from behind, and
then a great swath of it rolled down the
slope. It was all a yellow nightmare, and
Bill Shawn’s iron grip on the rope was as
secure as a man’s hold on a fistful of water.
The rope tail whipped his back in passing
and ripping through His hands, was greased
by his own blood. Then the pulley shrieked
and the hurtling wagon crashed down past
Shawn and into the yellow cloud of dust
from out of which men were fleeing with
fraptic haste.

  Shawn watched a poler jam his wagon
tongue into a wheel on the far side, and held
his breath so it caught. But then the tip of
the pole rammed the wagon bed, the pole
smashing out at the struggling poler with a
hundred times his own strength. It caught
his knee and threw him as if he were a mouse
flung by a catapult. He went screaming off

into the dust that hid him from Bill’s view.

  “Jump clear, jump clear!” Shawn heard
himself yelling, but he knew it was too late.
Only those who had jumped by instinct
could get out of the way.

  He watched open mouthed while the
wagon careened down the slope, visible as
only an occasional spinning wheel jutted out
of the booming dust down toward the ant-
like forms crawling up from below. lie
didn’t want to imagine what would happen
if that spinning hell reached the women and
children. He just stood and watched and
prayed. . . .

  Beyond the dust cloud loomed a giant,
wind-twisted pine. The wagon took a sud-
den swerve and smashed against it and the
tree shook like a twanged bowstring as
wheels and wagon timbers seemed to spurt
in every direction. Then, slowly, the pine
tree bent, then wavered for a moment, and
crashed to earth. . . .

  A damp wind came along and eased the
dust away, to show the shattered wagon and
tree lying in a crumpled heap far down the
trail. . . .

 “Your fault, Shawn! What a damn,
hairbrained idea! Why, dragging wagons
up a sheer cliff, could have killed us all!”

  Bill Shawn did not reply. He stood by
the fire with his thumbs tucked into the
waistband of his buckskin breeches. There
was no use to reply. The speaker was Joel
Kalder. He was schooled in talking and
thoroughly pleased when he got an audience.
He could talk rings around Shawn, and
Shawn knew it. So he kept his silence. A
reply could only give Kalder something to
rip apart.

  “Here we are eighty miles south of the
main pass,” Kalder went on. “With just
barely time to make it safely across to
Oregon before snow comes. You call your-
self a wagon master? W'e’ll spend weeks
here getting half the wagons across, and
I’ll bet it’s your own freight wagon you’ll
want to take over first. Shorter route, you
say, but by the Lord above, man, you’ll
maroon us here for the winter!”

SHAW'N looked around the campfire. Most
of the eighty people in the train were
present listening to Kalder. Shawn stood
with feet braced and took their stares.
Kalder on the other side of the fire, stood in
front of a wagon wheel and gestured with
OVER THE HILL TO HELL

71

long, graceful hands. He was a tall, slender
man with quick, flashing eyes that swept the
crowd and examined the result of every
word he said. Once he had talked of a law
practice in Oregon, but Shawn guessed the
law was only a stop-gap in Joel Raider's
career. The man was cut out for politics,
and his dream was a white-pillared gover-
nor’s mansion in this new land of Oregon.
Shawn shook his head and waited for the
onslaught to end.

  But Kalder was just warming up. "¥011
want*to maroon us here!'’ he said. '‘You’ve
probably got Indian friends just wailing
for a chance to attack us- -M

  Shawn's shoulders stiffened. He looked up
suddenly at Kalder. He growled, “Shut
your damn mouth!"

  Kalder’s voice rose shrilly. "Ah, so you
want to keep off that subject, don’t you,
Shawn? You'd rather we didn't talk about
that! 1 thought there was a reason, and
now I’ve got it! I'll bet my shirt you’d take
your freight wagons across and leave us here
to the tender mercies of the Indians!”

  In spite of the rage burning red in his
cheeks, Shawn felt pleased at catching
Kalder admitting that they could make it
across, but before Shawn could voice his
reply, Kalder was summing up.

  “I ask,” he cried, “can we trust such a
man as Shawn to take charge of our lives
and destinies? Why, what do we know
about him, this so-called Santa Fe bull-
whacker?”

  A woman's voice called. "He's golten 11s
this far.’’

  Shawn glanced quickly her way. It was
the Widow. Hannah Dailey. He blushed now
from new cause. Everyone in the train knew
there was something between Hannah and
Shawn. He wished Hannah hadn’t spoken.
Kalder would quickly seize the advantage
offered him.

  “It seems to me, uh, Mrs. Dailey," Kalder
said, “That some things may not seem clear
to those of us who are—uh—under the
influence, of certain others.'’

  At that, Shawn was already striding
across Ihe firelit circle swearing under his
breath, that no ring-tailed, slick-mouthed
shyster gunning for a political career, could
talk that way. But before anything de-
veloped, a half , dozen men rose up and
lunged between him and the lawyer.

  Bill stopped, his face red with anger. He

couldn’t do what he wanted; twist this
lawyer into a knot. Kalder was no match
for him physically. All his muscle was con-
centrated in his tongue.

   But Bill spoke his piece. He did it gruffly,
and loud enough so that Kalder couldn’t cut
in. He said:

  “If it rains, we can’t cross here. If it
don’t rain, I think we can. And it gives us a
bigger chance of beatin' the snows to Oregon
than if we head norih. Those men that’s got
the guts to try, can give me a hand come
mornin.”

  He'said that and was gone. . . .

  Later, he sat with Hannah Dailey by her
fire, after she’d put her two boys to bed.
Hannah was some years younger than he,
plump cheeked and full bosomed. It was
six weeks since she’d lost her husband. A
very short time to be courting again, they
all said. Shawn agreed it was so. But the
trail changed many things, and left other
things intact; one being, that Hannah had
more need of a man’s help than ever.

  Hannah’s husband had died before the
train left Independence. She had gone any-
way. To Bill, it had been clear from the
start, that she needed more help than the
rest could offer from time to time. Since
he offered the most help, he was around
her the most. And now he had almost for-
gotten her husband. The trail had that wav
about it. Past events were like the dust
you’d roiled and left to settle behind.

  “You -see, Bill,” she said, “Mr. Kalder
wants to be captain of the train. He knows
that in Oregon everyone will be so new
that they’ll all have trail memories. A for-
mer trail captain would look big to people
—to voters.”

  Shawn growled, "He can call himself
train captain, anything he wants, as long as
he don’t stick his nose in the way of gettin’
us over this hill.” He nodded up into the
darkness where the glowering mass of the
mountain was a black block in the cloudy
sky. He squinted at the sky and felt the air
on his neck and cheeks. There was a cold
tang in it. He shivered, with apprehension
rather than with cold. He said, “Why don't
we make Kalder commandin’ general of
this train? Or admiral? That’ll sound good
to the voters.”

  Hannah laughed and her hand fell lightly
on his arm. But she sobered quickly, “No
matter what the title he might have, he
72

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

wants leadership. If he hadn’t joined the
train late, he’d have objected to your being
elected captain. He wants no sham titles.
He wants leadership, power. You see?”

  He shrugged.

  “Did you know—it’s said that—” she
whispered, bit her lip, added, “You won’t
be angry, Bill?”

  “What d’you mean?”

  “It’s said" that Mr. Kalder started the
rockslide that broke up the men hauling on
the rope. It was just behind his place on the
rope that it started. You see—don’t say any-
thing, the person who told me is an old
gossip—”

  “Why, that—that—” he began to bellow.

  “It’s just talk!” she cried. “Maybe it
wasn’t that—maybe your pulley arrange-
ment wasn’t good enough, Bill. Maybe it
just didn’t work—maybe it’s your fault
after all!”

  He rose, flaming with anger at Kalder,
and now turning it suddenly on her. He bit
back his retort, and pounded angrily away.

  “Clodfoot sodbusters!” he swore to him-
self.

IN THE morning, he was up before dawn,
and strode up the side of the mountain to
where the pulley was still chained to the
rock outcropping. There, he watched the
gray waves of dawn break over the hills.
By God, he thought, if only I’d taken off
with my own wagons, alone. We could have
run to the north crossing and made it for
sure. We got better horses and wagons—
and men, too.

  He swore and picked up a rock. He hurled
it angrily down the slope. Jt struck a boul-
der and bounced out into space. For a second
it was silhouetted against the hulking black
cloud the new light was beginning to out-
line and then arced to earth.

  Now the men were coming up. Walking
sluggishly, mistrusting. Their hearts and
guts wouldn’t be in the job ahead. But Bill
Shawn tried his best.

  As the first man came within hearing
distance, he bellowed, “Where you headed
for, friend?”

  “Oregon!” the man yelled back.

  “Oregon?” Bill Shawn cried back. “Where
in blazes is that?”

  “Over the hill, friend! 'Vhe man panted.

  Bill bellowed, “Oregon!” again, and they
all took it up until it rang down the line of

ant-like struggling men. Their figures jerked
as they climbed, lively now and clawing
away at this mountain they meant to con-
quer. Those on the lower slopes were running
up toward the figure of the red-haired man
with his legs wide apart, braced firmly as
the mountain itself. Bill Shawn boomed,
“Oregon’s movin’ west faster’n you are!”

  He took the long rope now and poked it
through the pulley. He kicked the pulley and
the chain, and was reassured by the heavy
clanking of iron. He kicked the chain all the
way around, for a faint suspicion lurked in
his mind that someone might have tampered
with it. An evil suspicion, but it floated in
his mind. He thought, a man like Kalder
trying to work a whole train of people for
his own good, had made him wary. Even
thinking such thoughts made him shiver
with fury.

  It was a long wait. Hissnerves tingled
with impatience. They came so slowly, in
spite of the echoing cries of “Oregon!” The
polers, careful now, took their posts. The
men who’d heave on the spokes assembled.
The rest climbed up the steep slope to where
Bill Shawn stood with the end of the heavy
rope clutched in his hands. He walked it
down to them when they had gathered, and
they swarmed over the loose end until they
looked like a swarm of bees on a dead limb.
Soon the rope was lost among them.

  Shawn went down, set his wheel men in
position and checked the tie of the rope to
the wagon doubletree. He glanced once at
the pine tree and the wagon wrecked the
previous afternoon. Then returned to the
rope and bellowed, “Anybody know what’s
across the hill?”	'

  There was a reply, but quicker than he’d
expected, and different. It was a single man’s
voice, “Hell’s across that hill!”

  He looked up. Standing on the rock to
which the chain was attached, was Joel
Kalder. “It’s going to rain soon, you better
get down the hill—before you can’t!” he
cried down to them. “Look at those clouds!”
He pointed a long finger up at the sky. And
they all felt the murkiness of rain wind
washing over them and saw it in the flapping
of his long-tailed coat.

He cried now, “I’ll not have you all
killed on this crazy venture! There’s an
easy way to cross the Divide, and we' can
easily make it before snow. Why tear our-
(Continued on baae 108)
Hi***1

Published

w m m  ri 
  TALES   
January 2nd

   Rest your saddles, friends, while we give you a short preview of next month’s feature story by
   Philip Ketchum; the action-packed tale of Jeff Cannard, whose wayside visit with some friendly
   emigrants, bound for the Oregon territory, was destined to leave him a hunted outcast. . . .

Jeff made his rendezvous with Sam Shem, his
hardbitten sidekick and veteran scout, who revealed
to him in strictest confidence his belief that a
murderous raid on an Oregon-bound wagon train
had been the work not of hostile Indians, but of
white marauders!

Later, when Jeff rode into Westport, starting point
for the West-bound caravans, he met Hilda
Weatherby, the girl he’d made a futile trip back
East to find. Then things began to pop, for there,
on the main street of that seething town, Hilda’s
father branded him a cutthroat and killer!

The situation tightened when another acquaintance
pointed Jeff out as the man who’d raided their
camp. Jeff escaped the angry crowd, and then
began his desperate and perilous hunt for the leader
of the shadowy raiders—Lem Potter, a man sup-
posed to have been buried in an unmarked trail-
side grave!

One night, crouched beside a lonely cabin, Jeff
tensed to hear his name mentioned as a man to be
hunted down and killed on sight. Jeff’s great two-
way battle to stay alive and to clear his name,
makes a powerful and suspenseful story, called
“Oregon Trail Outcast,” published in the next
issue, out January 2nd, 1953.

73
WHILE THE
GALLOWS
WAIT-

“Looks like I’ll be siding him
again, son—in boothill.”

        By
      DAVE
      SANDS

Tough and defiant in his jail cell,
the kid wanted only to be as brave
as his outlaw hero .... who, even
then, was serving that young bad-
man better than either of them
knew. ...

74

 TOBY MILES lay still in the stifling
 heat of the cell, choking back the
 nausea from the wound in his thigh
 and staririg through the half-darkness at
 the Old man sitting on the bunk across from
 him. A single candle flickered from a niche
 in the adobe wall, casting yellow light onto
 the man’s pale eyes and across the flat planes
 of his face.

   “You ain't exactly a talkative critter,” the
 old man said.

   “That can go both ways,” Toby said.
 “They jailed me an hour ago, and you
 haven’t even asked how come I stopped the
WHILE THE GALLOWS WAIT-

75

lead. So I wouldn’t throw stones, if I were
you."

  The old man shrugged. He took tobacco,
fand papers from a pocket of his frayed shirt
and tossed them across to Toby.

  “Don’t get riled, younker,” he said. “You
don’t want to palaver, it’s all the same to
me. Otherwise, you can call me Bonner, ev-
erybody does.”

  Toby sifted tobacco dust into a paper,
spilling a little on the sweat-soured blanket
beneath him. “What the hell,” he said bit-
terly. “You’d know soon enough anyway.”
He lit the cigarette and sucked the harsh,
dry smoke deep into his luilgs. “A ranny
was sleeping behind the livery. I tried to
lift his gun. He woke up and let out a holler
like a stuck pig.”

  Bonner’s teeth were yellow in the candle
light. “And what would a kid like you be
needing with a hogleg?”

  Toby let his eyes narrow. He was loose-
skinned and big-boned, grown hard and tall
for his age.

  “I figured it was a thing I’d need,” he
said. “Unless I wanted to be a dirt farmer’s
flunky the rest of my life. I had epough of
that, mister—back on Pa’s place near Con-
norsville. I cut out two weeks ago, and I’m
never going back. Tonight 'was just a bad
break.”

  Bonner’s eyes showed nothing. “Aiming
to hit the owlhoot, eh?” he said softly. “I
can tell.”

  Toby took a final drag on the cigarette,
flipped it across the cell. “Something like
that, old-timer.” He lay back, and the sud-
den movement brought another wave of
sickness flooding through him.

  He was thinking now of the “Wanted”
dodger in the pocket of his levis. There was
no need to examine the dodger again; the
face of Cole Mallory was engraved in Toby’s
memory. Mallory—the man the whole terri-
tory feared and envied. The man who had
robbed a score of banks; killed almost a
dozen men. The man who had savvy enough
to use his brain arid a Colt—instead of a
pitchfork and a plow.

  Bonner slid off his bunk and moved across
the dirt floor slowly to the high, barred win-
dow.

  “Getting sort of red in the east,” he said.
“Sun will be busting up over them moun-
tains any minute now. Daylight comes
mighty fast in these parts.”

  “Fine,” Toby said. “Maybe they’ll feed
us.”

BONNER laughed tonelessly. “Maybe.”
He grasped the bars in wide hands and
stood there, rigid, a tall man with narrow,
sloping shoulders and thinning iron-gray
hair.

  He said, “A man can just begin to make
out the shape of things now. Funny, how
you can see so many thousand mornings
come and go, and never pay them no notice.”
Toby glanced at him sharply. “What’s so
different about this one?”

  Bonner edged closer to the bars. “This is
the morning they let me out.”

  “I wish it was nie,” Toby said.

  “They won't be too hard on you, son—
seeing as how you ain’t much more than a
button.”

  “Cut that, friend!” Toby told him. “Cole
Mallory started even younger than me!”
Bonner laughed drily. “Pull in your
horns,” he said. He was silent a full minute.
Then, “You know what I’d do when I got
out, if I was you?”

  “Go back to a damn manure fork, I sup-
pose,” Toby said.

   “Beats a lot of other things I could name.”
Bonner pressed his face against the bars.
“Yonder’s a creek and a lot of nice rolling
land. Good land for farming. A lad like
you could work somebody else’s place until
he saved enough for one of his own. He
could—”

  “Save it,” Toby said. “You’re talking to
the wrong gent, Bonner.”

  “Maybe so. I’m just saying that if a man
put his mind to it, he could have himself a
right nice place hereabouts. Next thing he’d
want would be a little somebody to brighten
it up for him. Men ain’t built to go it single
saddle.”

  Toby Miles said nothing. Bonner was
loco; that was for damn sure. He wondered
how long a man had to be penned up before
he got that way. He changed his position
slightly. The “Wanted” dodger rustled soft-
ly in his pocket. He thought again of Cole
Mallory.

  Bonner made a soft sound in his throat.
“Mighty strange I never thought out things,
myself, when I was your age.

  “A man works hard and stays honest, he
can sleep nights. He don’t have to grab his
shut-eve a few minutes at a time, with his
76

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

fingers hooked around a gun, like Cole Mal-
lory and the rest of his breed.”

  “Yeah.” Toby said shortly. “And Mai*
lory don’t work no sixteen hours a day—
like farmers.”

  “That’s right, son. But when honest folks
get up, they can face anybody, and keep
right on facing them all day.”

  Toby grunted. “You should rent a church
and have yourself a revival.”

  From the corridor outside the cell came
the clang of an iron door being opened, and
then the thud of approaching boots.

  Bonner took a deep breath, let it out
slowly.

  “Funny,” he said, “the things 1 can see
out yonder. That creek there, free- anti
pretty and running any place it pleases. And
that good rolling land, just waiting to be
made into something a man could be mighty
proud of. Something a man wouldn’t ever
have to run away from. But it’s only for
them that’s smart enough to see."

  The cell door swung inward. Four men
stood there, tense and silent. They did not
look at Toby Miles.

  Bonner’s fingers clinched the bars until
his knuckles whitened. Then, slowly, he
turned and walked toward the waiting menr
At the door he paused, and for a moment his
pale eyes locked with Toby’s.

  “You ought to feel right proud, son,” he
said quietly. “You’re lying on the same
bunk Cole Mallory laid on. He didn’t get
off it until two hours ago. That's when they
took him out and hung him.” His voice went
down to almost a whisper. "I sided Cole on
his last hold-up. Looks like I’ll pretty soon
be siding him again, in boothill.”

TOBY MILES lay there a full minute,
feeling the pounding of his heart, trying
not to be sick to his stomach. Then, his'
whole body screaming against the pain,- he
pushed himself off the bunk and onto the
dusty floor. Dragging his bullet-torn leg
behind him, he inched toward the window,
not trying to hold back the tears any longer,
knowing only that he had to look through

that barred window, that nothing else mat-
tered'now.

  He heard the sounds of men moving
around outside, and the soft curses and short
words of men who talk only because they
have to. Then the muffled sound of boots
on clay changed abruptly to the louder sound
of boots on pine planks.

  He clawed at the cell wall, trying to pull
himself upright. His fingers slipped on the
smooth adobe. Time and again he sank back
to the floor, weak from the pain in his thigh
and the cramping nausea in his belly.

  At last his lingers caught the edge of the
window. He hung there a moment, getting
his breath. Outside, there was complete si-
lence—and then he heard a sharp sound, a
sound very much like the crack of a drover’s
whip. Moments later, he heard the beat of
boots on planking again, then on clay. Then
silence once more.

  Tight-lipped, he pulled himself up the last
six inches to the level of the window.

  He stood there, eyes straining at- the gal-
lows, at Bonner’s body swaying there at the
end of a new yellow rope. He watched the
early morning breeze stirring the old man’s
gray hair. The new rope creaked softly on
the pine cross beam.

  There was nothing else. High adobe walls
enclosed the small jail yard that held the
scaffold.

  There was no jree-rnnning creek, no gen-
tly rolling land—there was nothing out there
but the high adobe walls and the scaffold,
and an old man who hadn’t had his break-
fast, swaying at the end oj a rope.

  Toby Miles sank slowly to the floor. The
pain in his thigh was now only a vague, dull
ache. He stared across the heat-filled room
toward the bunk where Cole Mallory had
lain.

  Numbed fingers fumbled in the pocket of
his levis and drew out the “Wanted” dodger.

  With his eyes still fixed on the empty
bunk, Toby Miles crumpled the yellowed
paper—slowly and with deliberate care into
a small, firm ball and flung it into the far
corner of the cell.	©GO
WHEN DODGE WAS
WILD!

By JOHN T.
LYNCH

Jim Kennedy, gun in hand,
edged to the open window.

To most of the citizens of roaring
Dodge City, he was the most popu-
lar mayor ever to boss that godless
end-of-trail metropolis. But to Jim
Kennedy, His Honor ivas just an-
other fugitive on the muzzle-end
of a long manhunt!

A DRAMATIZED
FACTUAL STORY

BY THE time Jim Kennedy finally
caught up with the man he had sworn
to kill on sight, circumstance forced
him to change his plan. Not the actual kill-
ing part of it, just the “on sight” business.
Because, you can’t just blow into a town
and shoot the mayor, as you could an ordi-
nary citizen. And Dog Kelley had become
Mayor of Dodge City, Kansas, in 1878.

For three years, Jim Kennedy had been
tracking down his enemy.

Up through Texas, all over Colorado, Ne-

77
78

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

braska and Missouri, Kennedy bad followed
the dim trail of the man he had originally
known as Pitch Willser. But Pitch had
changed his course as often as he had
changed his name so finding him had been
far from easy. Sometimes Kennedy would
reach a place where Willser had recently
been known. Other times, he would lose
months in again picking up the trail. Not
that Pitch knew he was being tracked down
by Kennedy. He thought Kennedy was
dead.

  It had been one moonlit night in 1875.
down in the Texas Panhandle, that Kennedy
and Willser had teamed up to rob a treasure
laden stage. The holdup had been scotched
by an alert and quick acting shot gun mes-
senger who had succeeded in firing three
bullets into Kennedy, and one into Willser’s
right arm. The stagecoach hadn’t even
paused. In the dust it kicked up as it rat-
tled on by the woukl-be and now wounded
road agents, Willser took one dim look at
his partner, reached down and rolled him
over, decided Kennedy was very dead and
departed.

  When the posse arrived on the scene of
the attempted holdup, they found Jim Ken-
nedy lying in the road. It took a close
examination to learn that he was still breath-
ing, despite what looked like fatal wounds.
Taken into the nearest town he was first
doctored up then jailed. Recovering with
amazing speed, Kennedy was tried and sen-
tenced to spend the next six months in the
local jail. Good behavior, and his pleasant
personality, got him off in two months. Tt
was then that he swore to find the man who
had deserted him and kill him on sight.

  Without a system, without a plan, Kenne-
dy set off to track Pitch Willser down. All
he could do, he knew, was to go to as many
places as possible and wander around, ask-
ing questions and keeping his eves and ears
open. His wanderings got him close to his
quarry several times. But not until he
reached Dodge City, did he finally see Will-
ser. It was at this first astounding sight that
Jim Kennedy realized he would have to be
patient. ...

  Jim Kennedy arrived in Dodge City on the
Fourth of July. Already, he noted, the
townsfolk were lining the edges of the main
street, waiting for the parade to come along.
Jim took the opportunity to scan as many
faces as possible in the crowd, always hop-

ing that one of them would be the hated
face of Willser.

  The parade came blaring along. The fire-
men’s brass band led the gala procession.
Right- behind them paraded a fancily deco-
rated buggy, new and shiny, pulled by a
pair of matched show horses. In the buggy,
one man sat and held the reins while the
other, in high silk hat and frock coat, bowed
and smiled to the spectators.

  Kennedy, too busy scanning the faces of
the crowd to pay attention to the bowing
and smiling official in the buggy, merely
gave a quick glance toward the passing vehi-
cle. Not until he resumed inspecting the
faces of the spectators did something regis-
ter in Kennedy’s mind. He gasped and
looked again at the silk hatted gent in the
buggy. The man everybody was cheering
as “Our Mayor!”

  “Our Mayor,” now known as Dog Kelley,
was Pitch Willser. From planning for so
long to draw his sixgun and shoot, at first
sight of his enemy, Jim reached for his
gun. Reason returned, and he thought bet-
ter of the move. One look at these folks told
him that they would not care to have their
beloved Mayor shot dead—especially on
this great day. And Jim Kennedy had often
heard—as had the rest of the country—that
Dodge City people were quick to resent
strangers who were too hasty in reaching
for guns. After you'd lived around there
for a while, of course, you could use your
own judgment.

WITHIN the next few weeks, Jim Kenne-
dy had made a few friends and was able
to ask questions. He learned that Dog Kel-
ley had been living in Dodge City, as a
store-owner and then as mayor, for about
two years. Dog was popular and well thought
of by most of the citizens. Dog Kelley was,
in fact, the most beloved person in Dodge,
aside from Dora Hand.

  “And who is this Dora Hand?” asked Jim
Kennedy.

  “The queen of all the dance hall girls,”
came the answer. “Dora is. loved and re-
spected by everybody, in spite of her sing-
ing and dancing in Ham Bell’s Variety Hall.
Kven the married women in town will asso-
ciate with her, because they know she’s de-
cent, and does a lot of kind things around
here. Nurses the sick, helps the poor—
things like that.”
WHEN DODGE WAS WILD!

79

  That night, Kennedy went to Ham Bell’s
combination saloon and theater to see, with
his own eyes, this paragon of the dance hall
women, Dora Hand. Jim had been around
long enough to be skeptical about the “pure-
ness and decency” of any dance hall dames.
There were, he knew, many who were moral-
ly above reproach—but they were still very
much in the minority, and he couldn't re-
member ever before seeing one. It was with
avid interest that he watched Dora Hand
come out on the stage and start to sing her
sentimental ballads.

  Kennedy, accustomed to the hoarse, whis-
key soprano voices of most variety hall lady
singers, was first surprised to hear that Dora
Hand had a truly beautiful and refined voice.
At the same time he noticed that the lady
looked as beautiful as she sang.

  Within five minutes, Jim Kennedy had,
like most others in Dodge, fallen in love
with Dora Hand. But unlike most—who
loved her from a distance only—Jim decided
to do something about it.

  Between acts he went to one of the bar-
tenders, gave him a tip, and asked, “How
can I get introduced to Dora Hand?”

  The bar man laughed. “All strangers ask
that. Just introduce yourself, like you do
any dance hall girl.”

  “But, she ain’t just any dance hall girl.
She is in a class by herself—”

  “That’s right,” said the bartender. “But,
you tipped me. Now let me tip you—don’t
try to get too friendly with Dora. The
Mayor won’t like it.”

  “You mean Pitch—er, I mean, Dog Kelley
won’t like it? Why?”

  “Because lie’s been making a play for her
for a long time. He ain’t gettin’ very far.
But he resents anybody else tryin to horn
in. Kind of figgers she is private property,
maybe.”

  On hearing this, Jim Kennedy decided to
wait no longer lo kill Mayor Dog Kelley.
The very thought of such a man making a
play for such a lovely woman was enough
to edge Jim into his grim decision—even
though he had not yet so much as been

within twenty yards of the saloon lady.

  Still, playing his hand slowly, and patient-
ly, Jim permitted five days to go by before
putting his lethal plan into effect. Meantime,
he learned that the Mayor lived in a nice,
three-room house on the outskirts of town.
He even ascertained which room the Mayor
used to sleep in, and found it was the center
one, right across the room from the middle
side window.

  Not necessarily wishing to kill anybody
under such sneaking circumstances, Jim
Kennedy salved his conscience by telling
himself that, in this case, there was no other
way. Dog had too many friends in town.
Also, it wasn't just for revenge that the kill-
ing would be done. It was to protect the
lovely Dora Hand from marrying such a
crook as Kelley—a man who would run
away and leave a pal for dead, in order to
save his own skin.

  During his entire stay in Dodge City, Jim
had kept out of the Mayor’s sight. This was
easy to do, once he learned which saloons the
Mayor preferred. These he kept away from.
Even in the variety hall, where both the
Mayor and Kennedy went to see Dora’s act,
Kennedy always was careful not to come
into Dog’s line of sight. Kelley never knew
that Jim was in town.

  After three nights of going over the
ground, secretly, and laying his-final plans,
Jim decided to act.

  It was shortly after midnight, pitch black
on the edge of town, when Kennedy made
his way, unseen, to the house of the Mayor.
Quietly sneaking around the side of the
house on which was the bedroom window,
Jim Kennedy, gun in hand, edged up to the
open window. Dimly, he could make out the
bed on the far side of the room. Bringing
up his sixgun, Jim fired four shots into the
lumpy part of the bed coverings that told
him his quarry was there. As quietly and
surreptitiously as he had come, Jim Kennedy
made his way back to town. Satisfied with
his night’s work, he went to his room in the
hotel anti went to sleep. His long search
was over. The mission of three years stand-
80

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

lng had been accomplished. And, he had
saved a good woman from a bad man. . . .
But there’d be hell poppin’ in the morning,
when the folks found their beloved Mayor
dead a.s hell in his bed!

JIM KENNEDY slept late the following
morning. By the time he reached his
favorite hangout, the Lone Branch Saloon,
he realized that the evident grief of the
people, gathered along the streets in large
and small groups, was more than hr had
bargained for.. Even the men in (he Lena
Branch seemed undidv sad about the pass-
ing of one Dog Kelley. There were tears
coursing down the weathered cheeks of the
bartender.

  “What's everybody so gloomy about?”
asked Jim Kennedy Somebody kick the
bucket?”

  The barman nodded silently.

  “Must be somebody prominent.” said
Kennedy, playing it cagy.

  “It was somebody real prominent,” sniffed
the bartender. “We all loved her, too. There
wasn’t nothin’ we wouldn’t have done for
her. She was so good to everybody—”
Kennedy stiffened. “Her? What d’yoti
mean-—Her? You mean him, don’t you?”
“No—her. Dora Hand was murdered in
bed, last night. Poor Dora!”

  Kennedy braced himself. He knew the
answer before he asked. “What the hell you
talkin’ about. It was the mayor—”

  “No,” said the bar man. He was too grief
stricken to realize the slin Jim had just made.
"It was Dora Hand. The bullets was prob-
ably meant for the mayor, because nobody
would want to kill Dora. But Dora was
sleepin’ in the mayor’s bed—”

  “Did she always sleep in—”

  “No!" the barman shouted. “It ain't what
you’re think in’. See, at the hotel where
Dora lived thay been paintin’ and fixin’ up
her room to make it suit such a pretty wom-
an. Meantime, Dora had to have a place to
sleep. Well, the mayor had to go to Omaha,
for several days. He left yesterday. So. as
long as his house was vacant, he told Dora
to use his bed while he was away—until
her room was ready for her.” .

  Kennedy, in a horrified daze, had heard
enough. The enormity of his crime weighing
heavily upon him, he plodded around town
until he found Bat Masterson. Calling Bat
aside, he said to the famous lawman, “Bat,

I want you to shoot me dead. Right here,
Right now.”

Masterson, always a cool head, said, “Sim-
mer down, sonny. I got enough trouble
here this morning. What’s wrong with you?”
Quietly, then, Jim Kennedy told Bat Mas-
terson the entire story.

  At this point Bat Masterson made one of
those highly original derisions for which he
was famous. “Son,” he said, “these folks
would Ivnch you right off the minute the
news was out.”

   “Then tell them I ki'lrd Dora.” said Jim.
“I deserve to die. Let them string me up
pronto.”

  Bat shook his head. “Wouldn't do no
good, either wav. I don't hold with lynchin’s
at all. And they wouldn't let us hold you
for a trial. You sure did wrong—but it
wasn’t a deliberate killing. Now, you go to
thr liverv barn. gPt your horse, and light
rut of town Go bSck to Texas. This thing
ic just between you and m\ This wav. it’ll
save touble all around. Now, be a good feller
—and git!”

   “But I want to die," persisted Kennedy.
“I killed Dora—and I loved her.”

   “Maybe dvin' would be loo good for you.
son." said Bat. “You’ll be payin’ penally
enough just by thinkin’ what an awful thing
you done. Gil your horse and git out afore
I change my mind.”

   Masterson went along to the livery stable
and waited while Jim saddled up. Then he
rode to the outskirts of town and watched
Kennedy disappear down the trail.

   Two days later a farmer, bringing vegeta-
bles into market, stopped his team on the
road and scrambled down a small hill to
gel a drink of cool water from a little stream
about three miles from Dodge City. But
he didn’t get the drink. Lying in the water
was ihe body of Jim Kennedy. He had shot
himself through the head. A clear case of
suicide.

   Bat Masterson brought to light the fact
that the whole thing might have been a
tragedy of error. Mayor Kelley emphati-
cally denied that he had ever been known
at Pitch Willser, and claimed he had never
seen Jim Kennedy before.

   “Not only that,” insisted lhe Mayor, “but
I absolutely never held up a stagecoach. .. .”
He was silent for a moment, then added
thoughtfully, “In Texas, that is.” O O O
SAD NOSE JOE-
RAIN-
MAKER!

By

    HAROLD
    HELFER

   Not even the Great White
   Father could help Sad
   Nose Joe, when his drouth-
   stricken redskin brothers
   ordered him to rope them
   a rain cloud!

Sad Nose Joe made one last big
toss. . . .

DEAR Great White Father in Wash-
ington:

Me Sad Nose Joe. How you?
Hope you fine. Sad Nose Joe not so fine.
Chippewa tribe not so fine. Tell you why,
Great White Father in Washington: No rain
come. Crop get bad. Cows get thirsty.
Everything fine kettle of fish. Without fish.
Not enough water for that. Everybody say,
Long Tail Feathers, you medicine man, why
not you make rain come?

Long Tail Feathers say he work hard as
ever on rain god in sky to make rain come.
Pray overtime. Double up magic herb
potions. Not his fault rain no come. Not
really fault rain god, rain not come.

Fault the town of Gunsmoke!

Everybody say how fault of Gunsmoke?
Answer easy: Fly-um-machine drop stuff in
clouds over Gunsmoke. Rain come down.

81
82

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

  Every body say what that got to do with
Chippewas? For thousand moons, maybe
longer, Chippewa pray to rain god for rain.
Always work before. You mean, palefaces
in Gunsmoke got better system?

  Long Tail Feathers say no, not zakly. He
say only Gunsmoke palefaces stop clouds
maybe heading for Chippewa territory and
make clouds turn to rain over Gunsmoke.
Long Tail Feathers say mighty hard for even
rain god to make rain without clouds.

  Everybody say that make sense, all right.
Only one thing. What we do?

  Long Tail Feathers, he say only one thing
to do. Write Great White Father in White
House, Washington, D. C., Capital, United
States, And So Forth. Make complaint.
Say, please not let Gunsmoke stop clouds.
Let clouds make up own mind where they
want to go. Then everything be fairer and
squarer.

  Long Tail Feathers say Sad Nose Joe, you
readin-writin’ man, and pretty good speller
too, except sometimes. How about you write
Great White Father in Washington. Xplane
everything. So I, Nose Joe, agreeable, all
right. Tf cows get any thirstier, they going
to give powder milk.

  1 have writ down everything, Great White
Father in Washington, zaklv the way is. All
Chippewas preciale you do something about
this. Chippewas do not ask lot of things:
diamond rings, fancy pens write under wa-
ter. Just a few clouds once in awhile. That
all. Not too much to ask.

DEAR Great White Father in Washing-
ton:

  Get letter say you do not believe much
can be done about cloud matter. Seem to
be no visor, state law abolit clouds one way
or nother. You say you have whole thing
looked into though; ■ please let know if any
developments. Sad Nose Joe will do. Some
developments, so Sad Nose Joe write this
letter.

  First development: Sad Nose Joe read
Long Tail Feathers the medicine man your
letter. Next development: Long Tail Feath-
ers, he say, well, Great White Father in
Washington mean good, but Chippewas can't
wait. Long Tail Feathers say if things get
any dryer all Chippewa adanrs apples turn
into adam’s prunes. Long Tail Feathers say
we got to do something about it.

  Everybody tell Long Tail Feathers that he

make good speech with the tongue. Only one
thing. What can anybody do? Long Tail
Feathers say that good question. Say he give
lot of brain turning-over to matter. One
thing come to him:

  Gunsmoke palefaces stop clouds. But not
stop clouds that come over Chippewa terri-
tory that come from opposite way? True,
quite a good many clouds seem to like to
make trip by way of Gunsmoke; but not all.

  One Eyebrow Sam speak up and say trou-
ble is that clouds that do come over Chip-
pewa range always seem in big hurry; never
have time to stop and be senshibull.

  Long Tail Feathers say, ah, that is where
we now use big strategee. What is good for
goose is good for gander. We stop these
clouds just like Gunsmoke stop their clouds.

  One Eyebrow Sam say that what Long
Tail Feathers say seem to make sense; ex-
cept maybe one thing. It very hard for us
to get up in sky without fly-um-machine.
Long Tail Feathers say that tough problem,
all right. But he have idea. W’hat about
Mountain of the Big Snoot?

  One Eyebrow Sam say that so far as he
know, Mountain Of The Big Snoot still at
same old place mountain always been. What
Long Tail Feathers mean, what about Moun-
tain of the Big Snoot?

  Long Tail Feathers say just this: Every-
body knows Mountain of the Big Snoot real
high and tall. Somebody go up peak and
lasso cloud from there and make cloud stay
put until it turn to rain.

  One Eyebrow Sam say never heard of any-
body lassoing cloud before. How can any-
body lasso and tie up something that's noth-
ing but dark air?

  Long Tail Feathers say Sam forget one
thing. Mountain of the Big Snoot not ordi-
nary mountain but sacred mountain of Chip-
pewa Indians. No doubt, that being case,
mountain make some arrangement for cloud
to stay put just to help out Chippewas.
Surely, not sacred mountain for nothing.

  One Eyebrow Sam say the way things are,
anything worth trying. Long Tail Feathers
say glad to hear One Eyebrow Sam say that.
After all, sacred mountain good enough for
our ancestors, and they the only ancestors
we are likely to have.

  One Eyebrow Sam say only one more
problem: Who climb big steep Mountain of
the Big Snoot with the tall, narrow peak?
Too dangerous. Specially swinging away
SAD NOSE JOE—RAIN MAKER!

83

into sky with rope. That no laugh-um joke.

  Long Tail Feathers say he go himself,
such great faith he have in sacred mountain.
Only one thing in way: It so happen this is
best time of years to pick magic herbs, and
Mountain of the Big Snoot so, big thai no
herbs grow up there, magic or otherwise.

  Then Long Tail Feathers get idea: Let
Sad Nose Joe go. He Chippewas number
one Washington correspondent, anyhow.
Great White Father write that he want to
know all developments. Well, climbing
Mountain Of the Big Snoot to lasso cloud
development, if there ever was one.

  Everybody let out big whoop. Fine idea!
Even squaws do likewise. Sad • Nose Joe
wish they not have tears in eyes. They keep
looking at Sad Nose Joe like Sad Nose Joe
going to happy hunting grounds for keeps.

  Sad Nose Joe write you later, Great White
Father in Washington. He hope.

       Yours truly,

Sad Nose Joe, real Chippewa.

DEAR Great White Fath«r in Washing-
ton:

  Sorry or delay in writing. Xplane. Next
day, after write you last letter, Sad Nose
Joe go to Mountain of the Big Snoot. Never
see a mountain grow so before.

  Overnight seem to double in up-and-down
size. Peak so far up, not only take both eyes
to see it—but crick in neck. Sad Nose Joe
just as soon postpone trip some other time,
by and by, but Long Tail Feathers point out
there is cloud in sky by mountain, now.
Clouds these days, Long Tail Feathers say,
scarce as teeth in squaw’s chickens mouth.

  Long Tail Feathers say don’t forget. You
got nothing to worry about. Mountain of the
Big Snoot sacred mountain. Of course, try
to keep balance, too. Nothing like keeping
balance when climb along tall mountain.

  Sad Nose Joe thank Long Tail Feathers
for advice, say good-by to everybody and
witk lasso rope, start going up mountain.
Sad Nose Joe climb and climb and climb.
And the more he climb, the more it seem
like he got to climb. Sad Nose Joe can’t
help but think this not way for mountain to
act, sacred or otherwise. By and by people
below look like grasshoppers. Then ants.
Then midget ants. Sad Nose Joe knows he
getting somewhere.

For a fellow not eat too good in long time,
Sad Nose Joe sure begin to feel heavy, spe-

cially in the legs. But Sad Nose Joe keep
climbing up, up, up and sure enough, Great
White Father in Washington, after while,
Sad Nose Joe begin to find self getting near
tall, skinny peak. Sad Nose Joe sigh, but
that not get him anywhere. So Sad Nose Joe
keep climbing up, up, up, some more.

    And by and by, Sad Nose Joe look up and
there is nothing else to climb. Only sky.
Sad Nose Joe rest a little then tell self he
now try to lasso cloud. Sad Nose Joe feel
a little nervous. Not enough space around
his feet. Nearly all space going up or down.

 NO MAN’S GINS

By William E. Vance

    Across the Donner Pass to play their
    violent parts in tough Virginia City,
    they rode. ... A man who carried his
    destiny in his holster. ... A pioneer
    girl with a will of steel to match the
    iron in his soul. . . . And waiting
    ahead on the grim trail no man has
    forgotten, that bullet-studded day
    when their trails met and crossed. . . .

     This stirring novelette of stagecoach
     days on the pioneer range, when gold
     was the lure and death stood guard to
     hold back all but the swift and strong,
     will feature the January issue. This
     and other thrill-packed Western
     novelettes and short stories on your
     newsstand now.

25* fe\G~B00*> ^

WESTERN

MACAZINI
84

FIFTEEi WESTERN TALES

  Sad Nose Joe feel a little silly too. Black
clouds all round him, just about even with
mountain top. Big question is, how you
lasso damp air? Sad Nose Joe remember
Mountain of the Big Snoot suppose to be
sacred, so maybe something xtra special hap-
pen. Who knows?

  Besides, after climbing all this way up,
might as well do something. Just as silly to
climb all wav up and then do nothing, as to
climb all way up and do something silly.

  So Sad Nose Joe begin swinging rope loop
round head. He toss to left. He toss to
right. He toss to east. He toss to west. To
tell the truth, nothing happen. Everything
same as before. Maybe even more so. Sad
Nose Joe say to self, well, nothing much
more to do. Make one last great big toss.
Make it straight upwar^. If nothing happen,
not Sad Nose Joe fault. Mountain’s fault.
Maybe not so sacred after all. Maybe an-
cestors make slight mistake about it. Maybe
nothing very sacred. Or magic. Sad Nose
Joe no longer no speak. Seem to be’heading
downward". Head first mostly. With stones
and rocks following right behind, close sec-
ond.

  Then, everything go black. Sad Nose Joe
think, So this is way happy hunting ground
is. What you know? But happy for who—
the deers and the antelope who he can’t see
in dark. Then Sad Nose Joe not only foel
lonely but damp.

  Wake up and find self not dead at all.
He is laying along side of mountain. Some-
thing seem strange. Then it come to S^d
Nose Joe, what. The reason he feel damp
—it raining!

  Sad Nose Joe smile. The mountain is
sacred mountain after all. It make rain
come. Real wet honest-good ness rain. So
what if Sad Nose Joe is dying? You can’t
have everything. Nothing perfect.

  With brave smile, Sad Nose Joe go back
to darkness. Look little more familiar this
time. Oh well, Sad Nose Joe maybe get used
to happy hunting ground by and by. Maybe
not even happy hunting ground perfect.
Just make best of it.

  Sometime, Sad Nose Joe find self wake up
from dead again. This time Sad Nose Joe
not on side of mountain. On side of bed.
In white room. Then lady come in room.
She in white too. Then man come in room.
He in white, too. What is this? Sad Nose
Joe think; everybody got one-trail brain or

something? Well, Great White Father in
Washington, it turn out Sad Nose Joe, of all
places, in hospital.

  It seem that between Sad Nose Joe falling
on rocks and stones as he come down moun-
tain, and rocks and stones falling on Sad
Nose Joe, he come out second best. But by
and by, all Sad Nose Joe’s friends come to
see Sad Nose Joe and they seem happy
enough.

  Long Tail Feathers say to Sad Nose Joe,
You big hero to Chippewa people now. You
save day, make rains come down, prove
Mountain of the Big Snoot still sacred.
Some paleface scientist say rain come be-
cause cloud disturbed by rope but all Chip-
pewa know was because mountain sacred.

  Sad Nose Joe say glad to hear this, only
wish didn't have to fall down mountain,
sacred or not. Sad Nose Joe ache all over.
At least. Sometimes even in more places
than that. And even the bumps have little
bumps.

  Long Tail Feathers smile and say he tell
something make you forget all about aches.
This big news. Hold scalp; this truly some-
thing.

  He say: “It very good thing you fall down
mountain, after all. Know why? Because
you bring down many stone and rocks.”

  Sad Nose Joe hold head and groan.

  Long Tail Feathers say not to interrupt.
Long Tail Feathers continues. Chippewas
go to rescue Sad Nose Toe when he fall. Find
big heap stone and rock and know Sad Nose
Joe must be somewhere in there. But notice
something e'se too. Some of stone and rock
shine funny.- Make long powwow. Guess
what? Chippewas now own big uranium
deposit. Look like when ancestors make
something sacred, they not mess around.
Anyway now everybody rich. Now don't
matter whether ever rain again or not. Get
thirsty, drink beer. Cows can do same. May-
be milk come out homogoneyesed.

  So, Great White Father in Washington,
you can see sure enough been big develop-
ments. Sad Nose Joe guess not much more
to wri'e about. Guess whole thing is this.
Maybe Chippewas not got good schools.
Maybe not got good grazin land. Maybe not
got good climate, also weather. But Chip-
pewas glad got one thing nobody else got.
Chippewas got ancestors.

  Yours truly,

Sad Nose Joe, real Chippewa. 0 0 0
Sheriff Sam Fenton had coolly faced the guns of
many an owlhooter—but now it teas his ex-saddle»
mate who was leveling a Colt at his heartI

In the face of that leveled
gun he was helpless. . . .

BRING
HIM BACK

DEAD!

By JOHN C.
COLOHAN

Copyright 1934 by Popular Publication», Int.,
under the title: “Manhunt."

THEY found a horse with a Three 8
brand at the mouth of Rawhide Can*
yon, and because the horse was dead,
they knew that Clint Farley had failed in
his desperate bid for freedom. They knew
that they had run Farley down, that the
drama begun some two hours before—when
Farley had shot his way from the Saddle
Rock jail—would end somewhere within the
towering walls of the Rawhide.

  Mocking walls, they must have seemed to
Farley then—to that bitter man playing out
a losing hand within the rock-lined trap. For
Rawhide is a blind—a great circling amphi-

85
86

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

theater rimmed with stone. No man willing-
ly would flee into such a place. But for
Farley, afoot, with a posse thundering close
behind, there had been no choice.

  Sheriff Leonard, lean and melancholy,
with drooping sandy moustache, pointed out
the obvious fact to the members of his posse.
Standing by the Three S horse, dead with a
bullet through the brain, the sheriff looked
down at ground marked by various little
signs which were like so many printed words.

  “Hoss broke its leg,” he drawled. “So
Clint piled up in that clump o’ sagebrush
yonder. Clint must have killed the hoss, and
headed up Rawhide afoot. Musta been
jolted some by the fall. He never even
stopped to get his hat.”

  The hat, a battered black sombrero, was
half hidden by the brush. Sunlight gleamed
on metal, and the sheriff stooped and picked
a silver dollar from the dirt. He held it in
his hand. “Clint won’t be needin’ this,” he
mused, and put the dollar in his pocket.

  “He won’t need anything—after today,”
said Jim Blaney slowly.

  The old sheriff’s gl?nce caught momentar-
ily on the lean, dark face of the big Cross L
man. Jim Blaney and Jess McCaulley had
been partners in the ownership of the Cross
L spread. Clint Farley, hiding now some-
where within the canyon, had been con-
vinced and sentenced to life in the pen for
the murder of Jess McCaulley. Blaney had
been chief witness for the state at the trial.

  From Blaney, the sheriff’s gaze went slow-
ly over the faces of those other men caught
up in the hasty loop with which he had gath-
ered his posse. Hugh Miller, proprietor of
the livery stable in town, small, slightly
built, known for courage. Anse Larson of
the Box M, crabby, cantankerous, incor-
ruptible. Larson’s lean-flanked son. Art. Ed
Siminole, rider for the Cross L, who had
been'another witness at Farley’s trial. Riley
Hatch, square-faced square-bodied bronco
twister. And so at last the sheriff’s eyes
came to rest on the grim face of Sam Fen-
ton, his deputy.

  Perhaps, then, the sheriff was remember-
ing that Fenton and Clint Farley had once
been close friends. Perhaps he was won-
dering how the deputy felt about this job of
hunting down a man who had been his part-
ner, for his eyes dwelt long on Fenton’s face;
but he turned at last to study the frowning
walls of the canyon.

  “You gents all knew Clint Farley,” he said
slowly. “You know, having gone this far,
Clint’s likely to go all the way. He’s some-
where in the canyon and I aim to get him.
Ten to one Clint will elect to shoot it out.”

  He waited; no man spoke. They knew
Clint Farley—all of them. They knew the
recklessness of the man they trailed, the
devil-may-care quality of his courage; and
every man there knew that Farley would
fight until the end and go out smiling, if it
so suited him.

  “He heaved up the crick bed,” continued
Sheriff Leonard, “which doesn’t mean a
thin" He’s smart enough to quit the crick
without a track and he’s nervy enough to
double back an’ steal our horses for a get-
away. We’ll leave Anse with the horses.
He can watch the opening in case Clint tries
to double back. The rest of us will'go on in
afoot. We’ve got to round him up before
dark.”

  That was true enough, and here and there
a head nodded at the sheriff’s wisdom.

  On the sheer cliffs which rim Rawhide
Canyon are seams by which a man willing
to gamble his neck might reach the top.
By daylight, this opportunity was denied
the fugitive, for the trap would be long and
slow, and would leave him exposed to rifle
fire from any point within the canyon. But
it Clint Farley could keep hidden until dark,
or if he could hold the posse off. . . .

SAM FENTON, big shouldered, raw-
boned deputy, listened with half an ear
to the careful last instructions of the sheriff.
They would spread out in a line to sweep
the canyon, three men to one side of the dry
creek bed, three men to the other. They
would move on slowly, keeping in touch
when possible; they would watch for tracks
. . . and then Sam Fenton's thoughts strayed
off, and the dry voice of the sheriff was no
more than a blur.

  It was queer. Clint Farley was a con-
victed murderer, and he, Sam Fenton, was a
deputy sheriff tracking the escaped man
down so that the state might exact Jull pay-
ment for the crime. Yet once they had been
friends, and partners; they had owned a
ranch together, and the beginnings, of a
brand. But three years of hard luck had
left them broke, and other things had broken
their friendship. There had been an ugly
fist fight, and for two years or longer he had
not spoken a single word to Clint Farley.

  But Sam Fenton could find no joy in the
task which faced him now.

  The sheriff’s voice cut through the thick
shell of his thoughts. “Fenton, you and
Blaney and Seminole can take the north
slope. Art Larson and Riley and me will
take the other. Mind what I say—go easy.

I	liked Clint Farley once, and I’d rather
take him in alive, but he’s on the wrong side
in this deal. Don’t take no chances with
him.”

  They started. They moved forward in a
ragged skirmish line that would sweep the
canyon clean from end to end. No chance
for Farley to slip past that outspread line;
no chance for him to evade discovery. Sam
Fenton moved mechanically along the steep
slope, a carbine in his hand. Below, a hun-
dred feet or so, was Blaney. Above, an equal
distance, was Ed Seminole. Creeping for-
ward slowly, taking advantage of every bit
of cover which lined the hillside, closing in
on a desperate, dangerous man. Crossing
gulleys torn by spring freshets, swinging
around rocks, crouching to study the wooded
slope ahead, to listen for the chance sound
which might betray the fugitive. Then,
moving again. . . .

  Fenton shook his head. He and Clint
Farley had been partners once, and now he
was creeping in to slip a noose about Far-
ley’s neck. A deputy sheriff, sworn to up-
hold the law. And yet, before Farley had
ever gone to trial, he had tried to mend the
breach between them. He had gone to Far-
ley, offering help—and Farley had told him
curtly to go to hell!

  The sun beat down out of a sky that was
like a brazen bowl. The rocks were hot
beneath the big deputy’s hands as he moved
forward, keeping in position in that slowly
advancing line. Below, Blaney had been
swallowed up by the thick growth of the
hillside. He caught a glimpse of Seminole,
sliding shadow-swift between clumps of
scrub oak. A third of the big box canyons
had been covered. He dropped into a gulley,
circling a tumbled mass of rock wher« a
great chunk of stone had once crashed from
the wall of the cliff.

   And a voice spoke softly, close beside him.
“Hold it, Fenton! Reach for the sky!”

  Not six feet away, in a bellow in the
rocks, with a ten-foot high cut-bank at his
back, squatted Farley. There was a sneer

on Farley’s lips. In his left hand was a rifle,
in his right a six-gun which hung level in
line with big Sam Fenton’s chest.

  “Collecting some blood money, Fenton?”
The deputy came erect. Standing there,
right hand still gripping his carbine, he
studied out of pitying eyes the man who had
been his partner. The man had aged,
changed; he was like a savage animal at
bay. His hat was gone; one cheek was
scratched; and his face was streaked with
blood and dirt. His bloodshot eyes glared.

“Clint,” said Fenton slowly. “You better
drop that gun and come on back with me.”
“Not in a million years!” rasped Clint
Farley. “Go to the pen! For something I
didn’t do—”

  And suddenly, standing there, the deputy
was glad that the thing had turned this way.
He was glad that Farley had the drop on
him, that positions were not reversed. He
had not planned it so, but, for facing that
desperate, driven man, Sam Fenton knew he
did not want to be the one to take Clint
Farley back to jail. Now the responsibility
had been lifted from him. In the face of that
levelled gun he was helpless. Yet there was
duty—

  “Clint,” he pointed out. “You haven’t got
a chance. This canyon’s full of men. They’ll
get you, certain sure.”

  Farley grinned mirthlessly. “Not alive,
they won’t! And it’s better than going to
the pen.”

  For a moment, Sam Fenton forgot the
gun that was pointing at his breast. His
mind flashed back to remembered facts in
the case which had ended with Clint Far-
ley’s conviction on a murder charge.

  Convinced of Farley’s guilt, the big dep-
uty had been glad when a job in the lower
county had kept him from the trial, but he
was acquainted with the evidence which had
gone to convict the map. Damning enough,
in all truth, that evidence had been.

  Jess McCaulley, half-owner of the Cross
L, had been found dead at the gate leading
in his ranch-house. His gun had been in hol-
ster, so that it seemed that McCaulley must
have been shot down in cold blood. Beneath
the dead man’s hand the name “Farley” had
been spelled out in the soft dust of the road.
Because of the enmity which had existed be-
tween the two, and because Farley was the
last man known to have seen McCaulley
alive, the name written in the dust had been
88

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

a powerful argument for the prosecution.

  Nor had Clint Farley, at his trial, denied
that he had visited the Cross L man shortly
before he was killed. Denial would have
been useless, anyhow, for Jim Blaney, Mc-
Caulley’s partner in the Cross L, and Ed
Seminole, a puncher for the outfit, had met
Farley as he rode away from the Cross L.
Riding on, they had found Jess McCaullev
dead beside the gate. So they had testified
at the trial.

  Accepting the evidence at face value, Sam
Fenton had taken for granted the guilt of
the man who once had been his partner.
Now, looking into Farley’s blood-shot, glar-
ing eyes, the deputy remembered that Far-
ley, throughout the trial, had steadfastly
maintained that he was innocent of the mur-
der. Clint Farley had been plenty wild. He
had drunk too much, gambled too much, but
he had never been a liar. . . .

  “Clint,” said Fenton suddenly, "you got
no chance to get away. This canyon’s bot-
tled tighter than a drum. Give me your gun.
If you didn’t kill Jess McCaullev, I give you
my word I’ll never quit until I clear you.”

  The fugitive’s lips curled back in a sav-
age mocking grin. “Go to hell! ” he snapped.
“I want no favors from you—now or ever!
You and me got all our business caught up
long ago. You whipped me once, but this
time I got the drop! Cut loose your gun
belt!”

  “They’ll get you, Clint. You got no
chance.”

  “Let ’em!” Farley was snarling now. “I
won’t go to the pen. Unhook that belt. I’d
hate to have to drill you.”

HE HAD taken his stand in a hollow in
the rocks at the gulley’s edge, with the
ten-foot high cutbank behind him. Now,
suddenly, watching that passion-torn face,
Sam Fenton caught his breath. At the edge
of the cut-bank behind Farley appeared the
face, the figure of a man. Jim Blaney!

  And a great wave of relief swept over
Fenton then, for he saw that they would be
able to take Farley in alive. Covered by
Farley’s gun, he watched dispassionately
while Blaney leaned far out over the bank.
He watched the six-gun level in the big
man’s hand. He waited for the crisp com-
mand that would end the situation.

  Clint Farley moved impatiently. “Damn
you, unloose that gun belt!” he snapped. His

gun lifted menacingly. “I won’t tell you
again!”

  Still Blaney did not announce himself.
Leaning far out over the bank, gun poised
in his hand, he still delayed the sharp com-
mand that would make Farley prisoner.

  Then, all at once, Sam Fenton realized
that there would be no command. There
would be no word of warning for the man
who covered from behind. Blaney’s face
was a dark mask of hatred, and his mouth
was set in a cruel line. He was going to
shoot Clint Farley in the back! His thumb
was on the hammer—

  No time, then, for Fenton to shout a
wanvng. Hardly time for thought. Swifter
than thought was the deputy in action.
Ignoring Farley’s gun, leveled at his breast,
the deputy stabbed for his Colt. The gun
came up spouting. Blaney, the avenger,
smashed off balance by the slug, let the gun
slip from his fingers, and stumbled at the
very edge of the bank. He grasped desper-
ately for a handhold as he tottered, then
tripped and pitched head foremost into the
guiley. Blaney threw out an unavailing
arm in the instant before his head struck
against a rock. Then the big Cross L man
lay quiet and still.

  Farley had spun around as Blaney fell.
Now he looked at the deputy. A long mo-
ment of silence, and Sam Fenton spoke
grinilv: “He was going to plug you in the
back.”

  “I had a dead -drop,” said Clint Farley,
and there was a queer look in his eyes. “You
went for your gun. You knew you was
taking chances. Why did you do it, Sam?”
Sam Fenton grinned at him. “You didn’t
know Blaney was there,” he said. “You
must have figured I was drawing down on
you. Why didn't you shoot, Clint?”

  They studied each other in that sun-
drenched hillside. Slowly Clint Farley shook
his head. “Let it go, Sam. I'm obliged.”
He dropped his Colt into the holster. “Call
the sheriff and let's get back to town.”
Sam Fenton stooped and turned the un-
conscious Blaney on his back. There was a
bump on the Cross L man’s forehead where
he had brought up against the rock; blood
was slowly blotting out the color on the
right sleeve of Blaney’s shirt. The deputy
slit the sleeve, folded it back. His hasty
shot had torn a jagged hole through Blaney’s
upper arm. With a bandage he stopped the
BRING HIM BACK DEAD!

89

flow of blood. Frowning, he regarded the
bare, smooth-muscled arm of the Cross L
man.

  Across Blaney’s forearm, still faintly pink,
was the welt of a freshly healed scar, a scar
that must have been burned there by a bul-
let! For a moment he looked at the scar
with thoughtful eyes, but when at last he
spoke it was about another matter altogeth-
er.

  “He meant to drill you in the back, Clint,”
he muttered. “That sort’s peculiar. Did he
have anything agin’ you? Personal, I
mean?”

  “I’ve had plenty of trouble with the Cross
L outfit ever since I homesteaded next to
them,” said Clint Farley slowly. “Blaney
and McCaulley both! Blaney and me had a
fight six months or so ago. I took a gun
from him, and whipped him all over a cor-
ral. He seemed kinda provoked about it at
the time.”

  “He was the gent who found McCaulley.”

  Farley nodded. "Him and Ed Seminole.”

  “How do you and Seminole stack up?”

  “Jest a drinking acquaintance. Why?”

  But Sam Fenton shook his head. A hunch
was troubling the big deputy now—a queer
hunch that he was not willing to try to put
in words. On the day following the killing
of Jess McCaulley, Sam Fenton had gone in-
to the little Saddle Rock bank on business.
Jim Blaney had been standing at the cash-
ier’s window when he entered, and Fenton
had waited at Blaney’s elbow while the
Cross L man scrawled off a check. And a
little fact, meaningless, then, and unimpor-
tant, had lodged in a corner of Fenton’s
mind—a little fact forgotten until now. For
Blaney, writing, had moved his hand in
slow and careful strokes. So a man with a
sore arm might write!

NOW crouching in a gulley in Rawhide
Canyon, Sam Fenton was adding up the
score. Always, heretofore, he had assumed
that Clint Farley had killed Jess McCaulley.
Now he was not sure. On Jim Blaney’s arm
was a fresh scar that must be a bullet burn.
Blaney had been troubled with a sore arm
on the day after his partner was found mur-
dered. Sam Fenton lifted puzzled eyes to
Clint Farley, fugitive from justice, hunkered
there beside him.

  “Clint,” he said, “I never got to take in
your trial. There was one thing I remember

hearing which seemed funny at the time.
Way I heard it, the testimony was that Mc-
Caulley’s gun was in the holster, but that it
had two empty shells.”

  “That was the how of it,” agreed Farley.
“A normal, thoughtful gent carries an
empty to cradle his firing pin,” mused Fen-
ton. “Only a plumb careless hombre would
have two empty shells in his gun. An’ Jess
McCaulley was never careless.”

  “Which tallies up to how much?”

  “Clint,” said the deputy, deadly serious
now, “mebbe Jess McCaulley died with the
gun in his hand—might be he even got in a
shot before he died. That would account for
the empty shell. "Mebbe the gent what killed
him put the gun back in the holster, and
then, knowin’ you and McCaulley had trou-
ble, wrote your name there in the dust.”
Clint Farley nodded agreement. “I fig-
ger something like that happened. But you
can’t make a jury believe that kind of story.
Not without knowing who killed McCaulley,
or having some sort of proof to back up the
yarn.”

  And that was true. The evidence which
had convicted Farley, while wholly circum-
stantial, was yet so strong that absolute
proof would be required to overthrow it.
Sam Fenton recognized that fact. Two men
had furnished the evidence. One of these
was now lying unconscious at his feet. The
other, Ed Seminole, was still somewhere
higher up on the steep side of the canyon.

  A hunch was prodding the big deputy
now. The time was short. Blaney was still
unconscious, but he might recover at any
moment. Other members of the posse might
appear, drawn by the single shot. Sam Fen-
ton did not want that to happen—not yet.
He had a plan, a wildly fantastic, utterly
hare-brained plan.

  Lifting his head carefully above the mass
of rocks he searched the hillside at the place
where last he had seen Seminole. It was
some little time before he found his man.
Seminole, made cautious, by the revolver
shot, crouched in the shadow of a great
pinon tree, but even as Fenton spotted him
the Cross L man began a slow advance on
hands and knees. He was evidently taking
no unnecessary chances. He reached a small
boulder in his path, crouched there to re-
connoiter.

  Sam Fenton, completely hidden from
Seminole’s view by the depression in which
90

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

he stood, picked up his rifle. Clint Farley
watched him with puzzled eyes. The deputy
thrust the rifle barrel between two rocks and
glanced at Farley.

  “This ain’t accordin’ to Hoyle,” he mut-
tered. “But I never did like Seminole, no-
how.”

  A dead shot with rifle or revolver, he
squinted along the sights. Seminole’s high-
crowned white Stetson appeared above the
boulder as the Cross L man scanned the ter-
ritory before him. Slowly Fenton tightened
the pressure on the trigger. The rifle barked.
The white Stetson leaped in a little arc, as
though jerked by a string.

  Clint Farley’s face was a study in amaze-
ment as the deputy flipped a fresh shell into
the chamber. Seminole had dropped from
sight behind the boulder. Unfortunately for
the puncher, the boulder he had selected was
not quite large enough to offer complete pro-
tection. One boot projected. Again Sam
Fenton fired. The boot twitched slightly,
disappeared from view.

  Then, a grim smile curving his lips, the
big deputy emptied the magazine in a hail
of lead which spattered above the stone
sheltering the hapless Seminole. The rock
offered protection of a sort. Nothing more.
No chance for Seminole to return the fire
without exposing himself to that deadly
fusillade. Lead slugs flattened against the
rock, kicked up dust along its edges, plucked
at bits of clothing shown by the unhappy
puncher. The high-walled cliffs sent back
rolling echoes of the gun-fire.

  The magazine was empty. Sam Fenton
looked at Blaney. The man was still uncon-
scious. Grinning at the puzzled Farley, the
big deputy filled the magazine and returned
to the bombardment. Spacing his shots, fir-
ing with sure accuracy, again he emptied the
rifle.

  In the direness of his need, Seminole con-
trived to make the boulder shelter him. He
did not offer to return the fire. He was play-
ing dead, wise enough under the circum-
stances, for he knew that presently other
members of the posse would be coming to his
aid. Likewise, Sam Fenton knew it.

  He turned to Farley. “Slip down the gal-
ley, Clint,” he suggested. “There’s some
brush down there where you can hide. I'm
going to make peace with Seminole, and I
want you out of sight.”

  “Sam,” murmured Farley, “this heat has

fried your brain. What fool crazy notion—”
“Get outa sight before I take a shot at
you,” said Fenton. “I got me a scheme.”
Sorrowfully Farley shook his head, but he
dropped down the gulley to disappear from
sight behind a clump of brush. The deputy
watched until he was gone. Then he lifted
his voice to a bellow:

  “Ho, Seminole!”

  And Seminole answered hoarsely: “What
in hell yuh want?” ,

  “I got him, Seminole,” called Fenton. He
stood up, facing the man who still crouched
behind the rock. After a moment Seminole
came warily to his feet.

THE Cross L man’s head was bare. There
was a bloody smear across his face where
a splinter of rock had torn his cheek. One
boot heel had been shot away. He stooped
to pick up the white Stetson, then came for-
ward. scowling.

  “Mister,” he said as he drew near, “I’m
right damn’ glad yuh showed. That buzzard
made this canyon plenty hot 'Tor me. Shot
my damn hat off!”

  He came on, limping slightly, dragging his
rifle. He reached the edge of the gulley, so
that he could look down into the rocks.
Slowly the scowl upon his face was blotted
out. and incredulity took its place.

  “That’s Blaney!” he cried.. “What the
hell! Where’s Farley?”

Sam Fenton shrugged. “That’s Blaney.
He’s all I bagged so far. Funny, eh? You
an’ him blazing away at each other—”
There was a queer expression on Ed
Seminole’s face as he looked down at the
unconscious man. “Yuh mean to tell me—
he began angrily. “Yuh mean to say—”
Sam Fenton tried to explain. “Shucks!”
he said soothingly. “He thought you was
Farley. “An’ you thought he was Farley.”
“Hell!” rasped Seminole. “He knew
damn well I wasn’t Farley! I was behind
him! He shot my hat off—an’ Farley never
had no hat—”

  “You must be wrong, Seminole.” Sam
Fenton’s voice was soft. “That don’t tally
up. Why would Blaney shoot at you, if it
wasn’t a mistake?”

  “Why?” Seminole’s face was venomous.
“I’ll tell yuh why. Because he owes me a
thousand dollars, an’ he figgered to pay it
off in lead! He thought—”

  Another voice interrupted. Jim Blaney’s
BRING HIM BACK DEAD!

91

voice! “What’s wrong?” he asked groggily.

  Blaney was lifting an arm to shield his
face from the sun. A patch of blood showed
on his forehead, and his eyes were dazed as
he looked up at the two men. Seminole
glared down at him.

  “What’s wrong?”- he jeered. “Yore little
plan miscarried, that’s all! Yuh figgered it
cheaper to kill me off than pay me off! Safer,
too! Nobody would be left to know that
yuh killed Jess McCaulley! An’ Farley
would get the blame.”

  And Jim Blaney stared up at that furious
man with slowly comprehending glance.
Painfully the big Cross L man lifted him-
self to a sitting position. His dark face
twitched as he turned his glance momentar-
ily from Seminole to Sam Fenton. “Smart,”
he said. “Smart as hell!”

  He was unarmed. The deputy had
knocked the six-gun from his hand, and now
his holster was empty. He sat there on the
ground, looking up at Seminole.

  “Yuh’ve said enough now, Seminole.”
“Enough!” rasped Seminole. “Yuh’re
wrong, Blaney! Wait till I tell the story in
court! Wait till I tell a jury how yuh
cheated Jess McCaulley—an’ killed him
when he found yuh out! An’ offered me a
thousand dollars to testify he was dead.

  Slowly, painfully, Jim Blaney got to his
feet. He was unarmed. He had been tricked,
and he knew it, but he could not know the
manner by which it had been accomplished.
A thin smile twisted his lips.

  “I promised you a thousand dollars,” he
repeated softly. Then, suddenly, swiftly, he
moved. His left hand snaked a hide-out gun.
For an instant he stood still, gun balanced.
“Yuh yellow rat!” he snarled. “I’ll pay yuh
off—in full!”

  He fired. The slug sent Seminole reeling
backward, hands clutching empty air. He
threw another bullet at the swaying man,
and Seminole went down.

  Sam Fenton’s Colt leaped from his hol-
ster. Blaney whirled on him, but Fenton’s
gun was belching lead. A brace of slugs
caught the Cross L man at the belt line. He
staggered back. The gun slipped from his
fingers. Clint Farley, Colt uplifted rushed
up the gulley just as Blaney went down.

  Sam Fenton bent above Seminole. The
man had been hit twice, and hard, but he
grinned faintly at the deputy. “I’m all
eight,” he whispered. “I’ll live—long

 enough.” He tried to raise himself up.
 Clint Farley said: “Here’s the sheriff.”
 “Take it easy, Seminole',” said Fenton
 gently. “Blaney’s outa the jurisdiction of
 the court now.” He straightened, looked at
 Farley. “That clears you, Clint.”

 Clint nodded. “For the second time ta
 day, Sam, I’m obliged.”

 “Forget it,” said the big deputy. “Don’.,
 say anything. Seminole is all right. Let him
 tell the story the way he knows it. Because,
 sure as hell, if Sheriff Leonard ever hears
 the truth of this affair, I’ll be punching cows
 again! ”	0 0 0

  I told my beautiful wife: "All right, I’ll
gel you your divorce, but I'm not doing it
for you, or for your racket boy friend. J'm
doing it for ine, so thanks for letting me
get off the bus.”

  Exit lines. Big stuff. Bigger lies. I walked
out wishing I were dead. And that wish
was almost to come true too soon.

  Don't miss this tense murder novelette—

DEATH LIVES HERE

By Fletcher Flora

 and a full quota of short stories and fea-
 tures by Frank Scott York, Burt Sims,
 Charles Beckman, Jr., and Dan Gordon.
 This big January issue is on your news-
 stand now. Don’t miss itl

  Detective story

                           mtiziii
GUN-MEETING
AT
MIDNIGHT

Now, Steve thought. IS owl

Steve had icaited two years for the
lovely blonde to make up her mind
about him. It took just that time
for Con Pardee to get out of jail
and start stalking him.

H

E LEANED back against the front
of the Paradise, just beyond the
wash of light from the flares, and
listened to the excited babble of voices that
spilled over the batwings. They were argu-
ing in there about his coming fight with

By JONATHAN CRAIC

92
GUN-MEETING AT MIDNIGHT

93

Con Pardee, he knew, comparing his gun-
speed with Pardee’s, making bets on the
man they thought would walk away alive.
And though he couldn’t make out individ-
ual words, Steve Jordan knew that most of
the bets would be on Pardee.

  Con Pardee had ridden into Fever Wells
late that afternoon, and since that time the
hell-roaring railhead town had talked of
nothing else. The town loved a fight like
this, the meeting of two quick-draw artists
like Con Pardee and Steve Jordan. Pardee,
whose specialty it was to let an opponent
clear leather before going into his own
lightning draw and killing him. And Jor-
dan, the hated lawman, the town-tamer
whose reputation stretched back to Dodge
and Abilene, whose guns had met and beat
the best.

  Steve, a tall man, thinner than most,
with eyes old beyond his years, pushed
away from the front of the Paradise and
shouldered through the batwings.

   An instant hush came over the Paradise.
All motion was suspended. It was a small
place, hangout for hardcases, nhddle tramps
and percentage girls cast off by other
saloons.

   He moved across the sawdust to the bar.
A space opened up for him, as it always
did. They bated him, but beneath the hate
lay their fear, and they paid him the respect
due his reputation.

   The barkeep set bottle and glass before
him and moved away. Steve poured a
drink, sipped it slowly, thinking this drink
must be his last—until after the fight. Or
maybe, simply his last drink. After a mo-
ment, the piano started up again and talk
along the bar was resumed. But the talk
was quieter now, most of it in careful whis-
pers.

  The man beside Steve said, “Evening,
Marshal.”

  Steve nodded. “Evening, Lou.” He
knew the man well—a man dying of con-
sumption, a soured, bitter man who liked
nothing better than to taunt other men,

knowing his sickness was protection from
both fists and guns. Steve cursed softly,
wishing he'd picked another place at the
bar.

  “I reckon you'll be drinking light to-
night, Marshal,” Lou said, loudly enough
to carry the length of the crowded bar.

  The murmur of voices stopped again, and
Steve knew they were listening, enjoying
this. He said nothing.

  “I reckon a man facing up to Con Pardee
would want all his wits about him,” Lou
said thoughtfully. “Folks say lie's even
faster than you are, Marshal.”

  “Folks talk a lot,” Steve said quietly.
“You. especially.”

  “They do for a fact,” Lou said. “They
even say you got Con sent to the pen, just
so's you’d have a clear field with Iris Man-
ning. Mind you, I couldn’t much blame
you. That Iris is about the prettiest little
baggage to hit this town in—”

  “Shut up,” Steve told him, not raising
his voice. “You’ve said about enough.”
But he knew he was bluffing; he couldn’t
hit a lunger, a dying man. He glanced at
the leering, mocking faces in the yellowed
bar mirror, and then back at his drink.

  “Don't get riled,” Lou said. “You had
a job to do, being marshal and all. You
was the only witness to that little trouble
Con had. You swore he shot that gent
down in cold blood, and that’s good enough
for me.”

  “There’s a limit,” Steve said. “You’re
pushing it pretty hard, Lou.”

  Lou pretended not to hear. His voice
grew louder.

  "Guess that judge wasn’t none too sure,
though. He gave Con a mighty short term.”
He coughed into a handkerchief. “Even so,
Con got out a heap quicker than most of us
figured he would. Two years. ’Course he
got time off for behaving himself.” He
shook his head sadly. “Damn shame he’ll
have to go right back for killing another
man.”

  “Shut up!” Steve said again.
94

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

  “Two years is either a short time or a
long time,” Lou said. “Depends on wheth-
er you’re courting a pretty girl like Iris:—
or rotting in the pen and thinking about
somebody else courting her. But don’t get
me wrong, Marshal. I think you done right,
no matter what everybody else thinks!” He
tittered, confident in his immunity.

  Steve put his drink down slowly, feeling
the angry knotting of the hard muscles
across his shoulders. He took a deep breath,
let it out slowly, staring hard at the death-
flushed cheeks’ of the lunger—and then he
turned and strode out of the Paradise. No
laughter followed him, but he knew it
would come as soon as they were sure he
was out of earshot.

UE PUSHED through the Saturday
night crowds that surged in both di-
rections along the flare-lit boardwalk, walk-
ing as rapidly as he could, past the Keeno
Bar, the bank, Laird's feed store, theJrli-
Lo-Jack, the Nugget, the Granada, the
Den, the Unique Cafe, the Blue Chip—and
then he crossed the dust-filled ruts of Main
Street and paused a moment before the
screen door of Iris Manning’s millinery
shop.

  She was alone in her shop, balanced pre-
cariously on a chair while she reached high
above her head to put a box on the top
shelf. Her soft blonde hair was caught at
the nape of her neck with a wisp of yellow
ribbon; the tip of a tiny pink tongue came
out to touch her upper lip as she struggled
to push the box back, farther on the shelf.
Nothing Iris could do, Steve reflected,
could ever disguise the lush beauty of her
young body. Just now, standing on tip-toe,
sideways to him, she presented a picture
that helped to wash the turmoil and anger
from his mind. She wasn’t even trying to
conceal her curves tonight, and the bright
dress she wore hugged her narrow waist
and swelling hips so snugly that Steve won-
dered it didn’t burst.

  He opened the screen and closed it quiet-

ly behind him and took a step toward her.
“Hello, Iris,” he said.

  His voice startled her. She gasped and
grabbed futilely at the shelf as the chair
wobbled beneath her.

  He sprang forward, catching her just as
the chair skidded away. For an instant she
was a soft, warm whirl of flaring skirts and
slim silken legs in his arms—and then she
wriggled loose and slid to her feet.

  “Close,” Steve said.

  She smiled up at him. “Steve! You
frightened me!” But the smile was short-
lived, and suddenly the green eyes were
cloudy. He knew she was thinking about it
too, about the gun fight—about Con Par-
dee. He reached out and caught her in the
loose circle of his arms, and she stood there,
looking up at him, trying to smile again.
Somehow, holding her for what might be
the last time was like holding her for the
first time. Everything seemed clearer, more
intense, than it had in two years. And she
was even more beautiful now than she had
been then. Honey blonde hair and warm
green eyes and a body that made a man
hurt just to look at it. He wished he could
prolong this moment, stretch it out through
eternity. He breathed in the delicate scent
of her, and suddenly he wanted to take her
and ride a thousand miles away from Fever
Wells and Con Pardee . . . ride away and
never even look back over his shoulder.

He said, “I reckon you’ve seen Con.”
She nodded, not meeting his eyes now.
They came out then, the words he had
determined not to utter. “You never got
over him, did you, Iris?”

  Her wide-set eyes came up, slowly, and
they held an expression he had never seen
there before.

  “Steve, I ... I just don't know.”

  “It’s been two years, Iris.”

  She-moistened her full lips. “Yes.”
  “That’s a long time.”

  “Yes.”

  “Time enough for a woman to decide.”
  She came close to him and her hands
GUN-MEETING AT MIDNIGHT

95

went up to press down on his shoulders.

  “I want to be honest, Steve. With you,
and with myself—and with Con.”

  “That’s woman talk,” Steve said quietly.
“It doesn’t say anything.”

  He heard her sharp intake of breath and
felt her stiffen in his arms.

  “Steve! Please be fair!”

  She was on the verge of tears, he knew,
but something deep inside him goaded him
on, something born of his sickness and
hunger for her and the nearness of death.

  “Fair!” He tried to choke back his bit-
ter laughter and could not. “Fair, Jris? Is
it fair to keep a man waiting two years?”
She pushed his arms away from her,
stood quite still before him. “Please try to
understand, Steve.”

  “I understand, all right,” he said. “It’s
a little late, but 1 understand. You were
just marking time with me while you
waited for Con.”

  “Steve!”

  “It’s true. Admit it.”

  “No! It’s not true!”

  “You said you'd never got over Con.”

  “I didn't say that! I—”

  He laughed shortly. “And all the time
you knew I was putting damn near every
dollar I earned into the old Frazee place.
You didn’t figure 1 aimed to live there
alone, did you, Iris?”

  “Steve, you've got to listen to me.”
“Sure,” he said. “I'll listen. I'll listen
real hard. For about ten minutes. Then
I’ve got to go out in the street and play
games with Con Pardee. He sent word
from the Inferno that he'd meet me in front
of there at midnight. I don't mean to keep
him waiting.”

She clasped her hands in front of her so
tightly that the knuckles showed white.

  “Steve, you can’t go through with it.
You and Con were friends once. How can
you—why must you want to kill each
other?”

“Why? Because it has to be. Con’s fast-
er than I am, Iris. You don’t have to worry

much. I’ll be the one to die, not Con.”
“Oh, Steve! You twist everything I say
around to please yourself. I can’t stand the
thought of either one of you being hurt!”
"You were going to do some talking,
Iris. I'm listening.”

CHE was silent a moment. When she
^ spoke her voice was soft, almost tone-
less. “With you, Steve, everything has to
be either black or white, right or wrong,
yes or no. Can’t you understand how it
might be different for some people? How
it might be with me and the way 1 feel to-
ward you and Con ?”

  “Go on,” Steve said drily. “Tall me how
hard it is for a woman to resist a hand-
some, wealthy, smooth-talking gent like
Con Pardee. That’s something I can really
understand, Iris.”

Her shoulders seemed to slump beneath
the thin material of her dress. She let her

                        I

breath out slowly.

  “It's no use, Steve . . . I—” Suddenly
her hands came up to her face and she w*s
crying. Her whole body shook.

• Almost instinctively, Steve stepped close
and took her in his arms. He’d been a fool.
A damned, crazy fool! He was seeing the
woman he loved for the last time—and yet
he'd made it a torture for both of them.
Why had he wanted her to suffer? Why
hadn’t he been man enough to face the facts,,
the way he was man enough to face Par-
dee’s guns? Why in hell hadn’t he stayed
away from her?

  He put the tips of his fingers beneath her
chin and tilted her face up to his. He said,
“Good-by, Iris ...” and kissed her.

  Her lips were moist and warm—and
there was the taste of her tears on them.
Her rounded young body was smooth and
firm in his arms. He drew her to him,
pressing the yielding curves hard against
him, almost lifting her from the floor. Slow-
ly, her arms came up and fastened around
his neck. Her lips moved beneath his own,
hesitantly at first, and then with a demand-
96

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

Ing insistence that left him a little dizzy.
Blood surged through him, pounded his
temples, and for a long, abandoned moment
Steve was aware of nothing but the burning
lips against his own.

  When he finally let her go, her face was
flushed. Her green eyes seemed darker
somehow; they were heavy-lidded, veiled
with the dark tangle of her lashes. He
watched the rapid rise and fall of her breast
as she tried to catch her breath.

  He was filled with a sense of wonder.
He had kissed her many times before, but*
never had she responded like this.

  She brought one hand up to smooth the
blonde hair back from her forehead, smiling
at him now with those strangely darkened
eyes, her lips a little swollen looking.

  “Please, Steve . . . don’t go out there!
Don’t fight with Con! Please!”

  So that was it! She’d thrown herself into
the kiss because she wanted to soften him
up! She was afraid for Con Pardee! She
had wanted to get him off balance so she
could plead with him to back out!

  His lips formed words, but he couldn’t
speak them. The sudden white anger in'
him choked him, numbed his lips and
tongue. He stood there, feeling the cold
sweat crawl across his shoulders, his big
hands balled into hard fists against his
thighs.

  Her eyes widened. Her lower lip quiv-
ered.

  “Steve! Why are you looking at me that
way?”

  Slowly, very slowly, he brought his
hands up to the butts of the ,44’s tied low
on either leg. He tapped his fingers against
the cut-out holsters, his eyes locked with
hers.

  “It didn’t work, Iris,” he said tightly.
“There'll be a fight.” His eyes darted
quickly to the clock on the wall and back
again. “In less than five minutes. In front
of the Inferno.” The tight knot of anger in
his chest made it hard to breath. “And
listen, Iri6. I’m eoine to kill Con! He may

get me too—but I'm going to take him with
me!”

  “Steve! Don’t go!"

  “What do you want me to do? Run?”

  “Yes! Run—do anything—but don’t
fight with him!"

  He turned and walked to the door.

  “Sorry, Iris," he said. “Running from a
fight is one thing I just never learned to
do.”

T^HE swarming, noisy street seemed even
more crowded than before as Steve
stepped to the boardwalk and turned his
steps toward the Inferno Saloon. He
walked with eyes straight ahead, not speak-
ing to anyone, vaguely aware of the curious
faces that peered at him from beneath the
wooden awnings, catching now and then
the guarded mention of his name, and
sometimes the names of Con Pardee and
Iris Manning.

  He came abreast of the Inferno. The
street in front of it was deserted, as he had
known it would be. This was to be the
stage, the arena. He paused, looking across
the wagon ruts at the garish front of the
Inferno. On either side of the ornate bat-
wings had been painted a red devil eight
feet tall. In the wavering, blood-red light
of pine-knot flares, the devils seemed al-
most alive.

  It was midnight.

  A bright mass of brass-colored curls and
a white, powdered face appeared over the
top of the batwings.

  “Tell Con he's got company outside,”
Steve yelled at the girl. “And tell him his
company's already tired of waiting!"

  His hands went down his holsters once
more, checking the position of them against
his legs. He dried his palms on the sides
of his levis and forced himself to take long,
deep breaths.

  He was thinking of nothing but Con
Pardee now, and of the one chance he had
to live beyond the next few seconds. Con
Pardee was faster, he knew. He was the
GUN-MEETING AT MIDNIGHT

97

fastest man alive. But he had had to sacri-
fice accuracy for the blazing speed. At a
short distance, there could he no beating
him. But if he were forced to fight from a
distance the width of the street—forty feet
from boardwalk to boardwalk—then his
slight wildness might be just enough to
even the odds.

  Steve planted his feet wide apart on the
planking, and waited.

  The batwings burst open. Con Pardee’s
tall, wedge-shaped body stood silhouetted
against the curtain of light behind him. He
was smiling, a dark-haired, dark-eyed man;
handsome, but with no touch of weakness in
his even-featured face.

  Con Pardee stood between the batwings
a long moment, smiling at Steve. He
seemed to be relaxed, unhurried. He turned
his head slightly to the left and said some-
thing over his shoulder to the room behind
him and someone guffawed loudly. The
devils on either side of him writhed in the
flare light. The single gun on his right leg
glinted dully. It was the first time Steve
had ever known him to wear but one gun.

  Pardee let the batwings swing shut be-
hind him and stepped out on the boardwalk.

  Now, St*ve thought. Now! His right
hand blurred toward his gun butt, down
and up again in almost the same movement.
And at the same instant he threw his lean
body to one side and felt the buck of the
gun against his palm. Over there, across
the street, another gun was thundering.
Something sledge-hammered into Steve's
shoulder and he felt himself jerked almost
completely around. The boardwalk tilted
and swayed beneath his feet. The flare
lights began to revolve lazily, floating slow-
ly avvay from him, growing dim. And then
his face was in the dust of the street and he
was choking on it.

  The sharp bite of the dust on his tongue
brought to him the realization of what had
happened. He forced himself to his knees,
reaching for the gun in his left holster, his
right arm a helpless, bleeding weight

against his side. But the gun was no longer
in its leather. His right gun had been
knocked fronwhis hand, and now his left
gun must have fallen out of its holster
when a bullet knocked him to the ground.

  He heard a man shout, and somewhere
a woman screamed. He jerked his head up
just in time to see Pardee rushing him.
And now he remembered what Pardee had
promised the town he would do to him. He
would wing him, he’d said—and then kill
him with his bare hands. And he’d winged
him, all right! Even with that blazing
speed, he’d been accurate as a man could
be. And now he was lunging forward to
keep the second part of his promise.

  Steve watched him coming, sick in the
knowledge that his strategy had failed. He
hadn’t even scratched Pardee. And now
he had but one arm against the Other man’s
two—and he was losing blood from his
smashed shoulder. He looked for his guns.
He saw one of them, half buried in the dust,
but it was too far away to help him now.

TTE DUG his toes into the dust, and
slithered to one side a split instant be-
fore Pardee’s heavy body crashed into his
own. He was knocked flat on his back by
one of Pardee’s flailing boots, and before
he could move again, the bigger man had
turned and was astride of him, his fists
pounding against Steve’s face like pistons.
Steve drew his legs up as high as he could
and slammed his feet down hard and
arched his back. It threw Pardee back over
his head.

  But Steve was free for only an instant.
He scarcely had time to suck in his breath
before Pardee was on him again, fighting
with his feet this time, kicking at Steve’s
head savagely with his high-heeled boots.
One of the heels caught Steve on the side
of his neck—aftd for a moment he thought
the fight was over. But Pardee was too
anxious to finish him. He rushed in too
fast, too confidently. As his boot went back
(Continued on page 104)
By WALT COBURN

The Judge set down his buckets and
mop and slipped along the bar.

Injun List

He had only his pride left.
When that ivas gone, the Judge
knew, it was time to die.

THEY called him the Judge. He
lived in a little log cabin behind the
Last Chance Saloon. It might have
been big Pete Enright who started calling
him that, because he worked for Pete,
swamping in the saloon. Pete owned the
Last Chance.

  Nobody seemed to remembered when the
Judge had drifted into the little mining
camp of Enright, Montana. Pete always
claimed that the Judge had been around

Copyright 1934 by Popular Publications, Inc.

98
INJUN LIST

99

town maybe a year before anybody ever
took notice of him. Pete liked to josh like
that. Pete just about owned the town.
Big, redheaded, bull-necked, that was Pete.
He had discovered the Last Chance Mine
and had taken a fortune out of it. He liked
to run his own gambling house and saloon.
Sometimes he would deal. Other times he
would tend bar. He did his own bouncing
and boasted that he could lick any man in
the Little Rockies. Yet he was good na-
tured and was always jobbing somebody.

  It was Pete Enright who put the Judge
011 the Injun List, which hung above the
bottles and glasses on the back bar.

  A wife, a mother, a father, a son could
put a drunken relative on the Injun List,
providing they showed Pete sufficient proof
of the charges against the drunkard, and
why he should be so' publicly listed. Pete,
who was a law unto himself in Enright,
would pass judgment.

  Pete Enright never realized how much
he had hurt the Judge when he printed his
name at the head of the Injun List. Pete
wasn't sensitive and therefore could not
understand how any man could be so deep-
ly hurt as he hurt the Judge by his practical
joking. Only when it was too late did Pete
realize what he had done.

  You see, the time had been when this
white-hair little old drunkard was a man.
Nobody knew who he was, what he had
been, or why he had become a saloon bum,
cleaning brass cuspidors and sprinkling
sawdust on a barroom floor. For that mat-
ter, nobody much cared anything about the
Judge, one way or another. Mining camps
like Enright are made up of hard-rock
miners and the sporting element who fol-
low the gold trails. Derelicts like the Judge
are brushed aside, ignored.

  But somewhere, some time, the Judge
had been a gentleman and scholar. Even
when he was drunk, which was most of
the time, he kept himself clean. His thread-
bare suit was carefully brushed, his shoes
polished, his frayed linen washed and

      Author’s Note—

       There is a lazv in the United States
       forbidding the sale of liquor to an
       Indian. In some Montana cozvtowns.
       lists of the names of men who, for
       one reason or another, were forbid-
       den to drink were posted in all the
       saloons. These lists were called, nat-
       urally enough, "Injun Lists."

ironed. He wore an old derby hat, high
crowned, many years out of date. And his
talk, his manner of speech, was that of a
polished gentleman. Drunkard that he was,
he clung with a pitiful desperation to that
slender thread of gentility. . . . And in the
gray hours of dawn he would change to
overalls and an old flannel shirt and rusty
shoes and, alone in the empty saloon,
would clean the cuspidors and mop the
floor, now and then helping himself to a
nip from the bottle.

  In his own uncouth way, big Pete En-
right befriended the Judge. He had staked
him to grub and blankets and put a camp
stove in the cabin for him. When stran-
gers came to town Pete would always in-
clude the Judge when they bought drinks
for the house. And if the Judge, as was
his wont, engaged someone in conversa-
tion, holding them by the spell of his ora-
tory, quoting Shakespeare and the Bible
and Blackstone, letting his listeners buy
more drinks, Pete Enright would enjoy it.
•as he would have enjoyed a show. After
his own rough fashion he liked the Judge.
In his own way he was kind to that bat-
tered bit of human driftwood he had found
and befriended.

  The Judge, in his threadbare black
broadcloth suit, his frayed white shirt, his
black string tie, basked in the warmth of
this false prosperity. He drank his drinks,
kept up his game of sham affluence with a
pitiful heroism. His hours of agony came
when, alone in the saloon, lie swamped up.
Only whiskey could dull that terrible pain
of defeat and degradation. To the Judge it
was both his curse and his one surcease
from mental torture.

  Whatever were his hundredfold regrets
he kept them secreted in his heart. In the
gray dawn the bar mirror reflected the
agony written on his face, the light of de-
spair in his bloodshot eyes. When he had
discarded his working clothes and later in
the day mingled with the men at the bar,
he became mellow, loquacious, witty at
times. And no man among them ever read
what torture, what black despair was so
hidden by that gallantry.

  How could Pete Enright, roughneck
miner and saloonman, have read any such
thing in the eyes of the Judge? That is
why you can’t blame the big saloonman too
much for the thing he did through a mig-
100

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

placed sense of humor. It wouldn’t be fair.

THEY had hit a rich vein up at the Last
Chance Mine. Pete Enright celebrated.
Samples of the rich ore were on the back
bar, other samples in his coat pockets.
Drinks at the Last Chance were free. Pete
Enright was celebrating. His mine was
going to make him a millionaire.

  “Everbody belly up to the bar!" he
roared time after time.

  Nobody paid any attention to the Judge.
He was carelessly pushed and shoved aside
at the bar. The mining camp of Enright
was celebrating. It bad no time for a dere-
lict swamper. The Judge drank alone,
drink after drink, his modulated bits of
conversation blotted out by blatant music
and loud voices. When he had reached
his capacity he staggered out the back door
and to his cabin.

  Towards morning, when the celebration
was at its height, some whim suggested the
Judge to the mind of Pete Enright. He
wanted him to make a speech about the
new gold strike. But the Judge was in his
bunk, asleep.

  Big Pete Enright reached up and took
the Injun List from its place on the back
bar. Chuckling, he printed boldly in black
letters at the head of the list, “The Judge.”

  It was after the celebration was over,
after Pete Enright had gone up to the mine
and the crowd had drifted to their cabins,
that the Judge unlocked the front door and
brought in bis mop and broom and bucket.
The place was littered with cigarette and
cigar butts. The gray light that filtered
through the big windows gave the place a
dismal appearance. The stench of tobacco
smoke and stale beer hung heavy in the
air. The Judge shuddered with nausea. He
needed a bracer. He was pouring it with
unsteady hands when he happened to no-
tice the Injun List propped against an
empty bottle on the bar.

  The bottle and glass he had been hold-
ing slid from his grip, smashing on the
floor. He stood there, bloodshot eyes star-
ing at the list. Disbelief, something akin
to horror, showed in his eyes. His face
was as gray as the dawn that showed
against the windows.

  He stood there a long time. Then he
picked up the Injun List and put it back in
its accustomed place. After that he went

slowly, shakily about his work. Every
nerve, every fiber of his wracked body
called for whiskey, but he did not take a
drink. When his work was finished he
went out the back way to his cabin, just
as the morning bartender came on shift.

  Once in his little log cabin he sat down
weakly on the edge of his bunk. He buried
his gray face in his hands. Sobs tore his
throat.

  Pete Enright didn’t know. He had left
for Butte to be gone indefinitely. In the
days that followed nobody in Enright
figured it was necessary to write him that
somebody had found the Judge, sick, out
of his head, locked in his cabin. For a week
the Judge hovered between life and death.
Then he regained his senses and his
strength. When he was strong enough, he
went back to work. But he no longer made
his appearance in the saloon except when
he came with his mop and bucket.

  Perhaps a few of the crowd missed him
and his speeches. But if they did, they did
not take the trouble to find out why the
Judge no longer lined up at the bar for his
free drinks. In this rush for gold they were
too busy to care why an old bar-fly failed
to show up. For the most part he wasn’t
even missed.

  But there behind the bar was the Injun
List. Every morning, when the saloon was
empty, the Judge would come in with his
mop and his bucket. His gait was shuffling,
old. His hands were atremble with palsy.'
But his eyes, looking up at the Injun List,
were no longer blurred by whiskey. The
Judge had 'not touched a drop since that
gray morning when he had found his name
on the list. God and the Judge alone knew
the never-ending struggle for booze that
tore at his vitals like a gnawing cancer.
Even as only God and the Judge knew
why he no longer mingled with the crowd
that lined the bar.

PETE ENRIGHT, still in Butte, did not
know what he had done to the Judge.
He did not know what humiliation he had
inflicted on the whitehaired swamper. It
had ridiculed the pitiful show of respecta-
bility that he had clung to. It had shown
him up for what he was. A barroom hanger-
on. A drunkard. Impossible now to play
that brave game he had kept up, with his
name posted there for all men to see. The
INJUN LIST

101

last bit of life left him had been killed.
That little glow of false happiness was now
a cold thing, as cold as the bleak winter
mornings when he made a fire in the
saloon stove and fought back the terrible
craving for a bottle. Pete Enright might
have murdered him and done a more merci-
ful thing.

  Sometimes the Judge would stand there
in the chill dawn, looking at his name on
the Injun List. He would stand there a
long time, his mop in his hand, a strange
look in his blue eyes, which no longer held
the spark of a twinkle. It was as if he were
reviewing his past, delving back into
buried thoughts, torturing himself with bit-
ter memories. His gaze focused on the
Injun List, on the name that headed the
list. "The Judge.” Then he would go
back to work, looking older, his cheeks
more gray, the luster gone from his eves.

  There must have been times during those
dismal hours when the Judge hated big
Pete Enright. Hated him as a man can
hate but few men. But there were other
times, when he was shut in his cabin,
warm, sheltered from the blizzards, his
grub supply well stocked, tobacco to smoke,
when he remembered that Pete Enright
had given him all this. Even the set of
Shakespeare, the battered law library, other
books that Pete had picked up somewhere
and had donated to the cabin, books that
had kept the Judge from going mad at
times, the gift of the one man in town who
had befriended him.

  Pete Enright had found him drunk,
asleep in a snowbank behind the saloon
one night. Pete had thawed him out,
staked him to the cabin, given him that
last chance to mingle with men once more.
Pete Enright had befriended him. The
Judge felt that he owed him a debt of
honor. Even though Pete had put him on
the Injun List. It was hard to hate a man
like Pete Enright because Pete never
sought the enmity of any man. The Judge
knew that. Besides, the Judge had never
known how to hate. That was perhaps
why he did what he did, right there at the
end.

  You see, Pete Enright had gotten in
some time during the night. It was snow-
ing hard and the town had gone to bed
early. Only a few men in town knew that
Pete was back from Butte. He had come

back to buy up some mining claims. Be-
cause he always made cash deals, he had
brought the money with him. Fifty thou-
sand dollars in currency. He had it in his
pocket when he let himself into the Last
Chance just about dawn. He wanted to
put the money in the safe. The night bar-
tender had locked up. The place was
empty. Pete turned on the light in the
office and squatted on his heels to open the
safe. As he swung the door open a voice
behind him spoke evenly.

  “Up with 'em, Enright. Plenty high.
Make a move that looks bad and we’ll kill
you.” Pete raised his hands slowly as he
got to his feet. His back was still turned
to the man who had ordered him to stick
’em up. He had on a long coonskin coat,
its frogs fastened. No chance of getting
to his gun in its shoulder holster. Not an
easy job to put up a fight in a big fur coat.
Nevertheless, Pete took a chance. He
didn’t care about the money so much. But
for Pete Enright, the big mygul in the
camp, to be stuck up, that was what rubbed.
He ducked and whirled. A gun roared in
his face. He fell the hot thud of a bullet
in his shoulder. Then he was fighting the
three men who piled onto him, clubbing
at his head with guns.

  The Judge had seen the light in the
saloon as he came in the back way. He
supposed the night bartender had forgot
to put out the lights when he went off
shift. Carrying his bucket and mop he
came in the back door, then stood frozen in
his tracks.

  Up in front, behind the frosted-glass
partition that marked the office, a terrible
fight was going on. The Judge heard the
voice of Pete Enright, snarling curses.
Other voices calling to each other drowned
it out. Then someone said:

  “Kill ’im, boys. We got to, now. He
knows us. Git Enright!”

  There was a gun behind the bar. A
single-action .45. The Judge set down his
bucket and mop and slipped along the bar.
Now he rounded the end of the bar and
his hand gripped the gun. He didn’t know
much about a gun. He had never owned
so much as a .22 rifle. But he knew enough
to thumb back the hammer and pull the
trigger, aiming wildly at the three men who
had clubbed burly Pete Enright to his
knees.
POKER 11|
CHECKS V

 Famous Hub Checks, Non-
 Duplicate,Square Edge,Heavi-
 est Game Check, Cut and Suck
 Accurately. Supplied in any color.

pen Book,

 FREE CATALOG Expose: The Open
 Sealed Book, Scientific Betting, Master Key System,

                                        System, Plastic
                                      ying Cards lot
                                      Club Use.

Runup Sy:
n Playit

How to Control Fair Dice,

•‘The Old Reliable

  K. C. CARD Co., 806 S. Wabash, Chicago 5

Be a Detective

Make Secret Investigations

  Earn Big Money. Work home or travel. Fas-
  cinating work. Experience Unnecessary.
  DETECTIVE Particulars FREE. Write to
  QEO. P. F. WAGNER, 125 W. 86th St., N. Y.

LAW

                 • • •

   CTIinV AT UflMF Le*aily trained men win higher poai-
   OlUUl HI llUmLtions and bigger success in business
   and public life. Greater opportunities now than ever before.

  More Ability: Mora Prestige; More Money	R!

   can train at home daring spare Urn*. Decree of LL.B. We fnrnish all
   text material. Including 14-volume I*w Library. Low cost. may
   terms. Get oar valuable 48-page 'Law Train In® for Leadership
   and "Evidence’’ books FREE. Send NOW,

   LASALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY,417 South Dearborn Street

   A Correspondence Institution, Dept. 12334-L, Chicago S, III.

 FOOL! MYSTIFY! AMAZE!

   For only 91.00 we will send you all the following tricks:

  1. FLIP-UP TIE—This gadget will make your tie RISE, SWING
  right or left.

   9. ANTI-GRAVITY—Any pop bottle filled with water can be turned
   upside down. Water stays there.

   8. FREE DRINKS—A card trick that makes the other guy always buy.
   4. CIGARET CATCHER—With this device you catch ctgareta In the
   air.

Plus Big 64-page Catalog of Tricks, Jokes, for Parlor or Stage.
8end only 91.00 cash or M.O. and 10c postage to

EEZEE MAGIC & NOVELTY SHOP

  Dept. PF.	323 S. Dearborn St.,	Chicago 4. III.

  Learn Profitable Profession
  in 90 days at Home

  MtN AND WOMIN, 18 TO 60.8-Muh m.mw

  graduate make big money working full or spsre tims
         < with doctors or In hospitals, health resorts, sanato-
         rlums, clubs, private practice. A dignified In-
         teresting career! Qualify for your graduation
         certificate. Thorough Instruction at home as In
         class rooms. Write for Illustrated Book—FREEI

           The College of Swedish Massage

             Dept. 29S-R, 41 E. Pearson, Chicago 11

 FREE

 WATCHMAKING

   I

SAMPLE

lessoh_

  I Name ..
  I Address

Laty__

 CHICAGO 8CH00L OF WATCHMAKING !
 1608 Milwaukee. Dept. 8122, Chicago 47. III. |
 Show me without obligation how I can learn I
 watch repairing at home. Rush free sample. .

 Z..... State.

Learn BAKING At Home

Baking Is one ol America's high Industries In wages.

  Nearly depression-proof. Thorough basic home course *
  lays sound foundation. If you have aptitude, write for nT'-l
  FREE BOOKLET."Opportunlttes!n Commercial Baking."

National e«klnaSchool,B3*Dlver»»Miwy, Dpt. 183e,Chic«°l«W^

jSam/MMM Wat time

   Splendid opportunities. Prepare In spar® time. Practical basio
   training. Long-established school. Send for free book, "Opportu-
   nities In Photography." No obligation. American School of
   Photography, S3S Oivereey HM)s Dept. 1419, Chicago 14, III.

 102

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

WITHOUT thinking, like a man
gripped in the icy clutch of a horrible
nightmare, the Judge kept shooting.
Vaguely he felt the heavy thud of bullets
hitting him. There was blood. A man
doubling up there on the floor, twisting.
Pete Enright on_ his feet, his big hands
smashing down two blood-spattered men,
kicking guns from their hands. Then the
Judge didn’t know anything more. There
was a smear of red that turned to black-
ness.

  When he awoke, he was laid out on a
card table. Big Pete Enright was work-
ing over him with a basin of water and a
bar towel. Other men stood around.

  “Bring him a drink, one of you,” called
Pete, who was battered and bleeding.
“Whiskey!”

  The Judge shook his head. Pete En-
right followed the dying man's gaze to that
Injun List. Then he knew. All of a sud-
den he knew. Without being told he knew
the thing he had done to this little old
swamper who had saved his life.

  Pete Enright walked behind the bar
and took down the Injun List. He went
back to the table where the Judge lay. With
his blood-smeared hands he marked off that
name, “The Judge,’’ from the head of the
list.

 The Judge smiled and nodded. The
look of despair was gone from his eyes
now. In the lamplight the lines on his
face softened. Happiness was written
there. Then the weary lids closed.

  The Judge was off the Injun List for
keeps. ...	• O O O
YOUR CHOICE OF TWO GREAT BOOKS

DEAD OF NIGHT by Stewart Sterling
(Published at $2.50)

Gil Vine, the house detective with the fanciest title in
the business, is really earning his salary these days.
The unknown beauty, Teresa Marino, is enough to
cause an epidemic of loss of sleep in her own right;
when her true identity becomes known, it is evident
that big things are at stake-. Radio and Advertising
V.I.P.s who must be handled with the utmost delicacy
becomes involved in an unsavory murder which chal-
lenges the talentB both mental and physical of Gil
Vine. who. while a great respecter of persons wasn't
made security chief for his good looks alone.

Gil Vine’s investigation ranges over the length and
breadth of Manhattan, with side trips to Lexington,
Kentucky and Long Island, to gather evidence, and to
round up suspects.

DEAD OF NIGHT is sophisticated, exciting and mur-
derous. And you get Gil Vine, tool

THE MIRACLE OF THE BELLS by Russell Janney
(Published at $3.00)

Eddie Cantor says:

"THE MIRACLE OF THE BELLS Is more than a
book. It’s show business—it’s entertaining—it’s
good Americanism. I defy you to read THE MIRACLE
OF THE BELLS and not become a better person."

Kat* Smith says:

“I’ll guarantee once you’ve read a few pages of THE
MIRACLE OF THE BELLS you'll be unable to put it
down . . . it's a love story, first of all . . . an up-
to-date tale of Hollywood and movies ... a dramatic,
exciting chronicle of faith in Good.

"A book which achieves remarkable power. Once you
pick it up and become immersed in its story it is
almost impossible to put it down. I recommend that
you read it—you will anyhow.”

—Albert E. Idell, Philadelphia Inquirer

You can have either one of these books for only $1.00—over 60% less than the regular
published price—by joining the MEN'S DOLLAR BOOK GUILD.

DOLLAR BOOK GUILD

In	Only one dollar will bring you either

/	one of these truly great stories for men.

Note: You are not obligated, as in the case of many
book clubs, to buy three, four, or six additional books I
This is a special introductory, one-time offer, good
only while our limited supplies last. At no cost or
obligation to you, also, your name will be added to the
list of the MEN'S DOLLAR BOOK GUILD and you
will receive special notifications sent out on forthcom-
ing book bargains. This service is entirely free and
wll not obligate you in any way. Send $1.00 for one
book or $2.00 for both. NOW, before our supply is
exhausted. FILL IN THE COUPON TODAY!

i MEN'S DOLLAR BOOK GUILD
I Suite 2005, Dept. D
I 205 E. 42nd St., New York 17, N. Y.
j Enclosed please find ($1.00 □>

J send me:

□	DEAD OF NICHT (Published it $2.50)

I □ THE MIRACLE OF THE BELLS (Published at $3.00)

I This does not obligate me in any way to buy further books.

 ($2.00 □>. Please

Name

I
I

I Street and Number

! City..........
I need500Men

          To Wear and Show

     Made-to- CIIITC
     Measure JUI19

Pay No Money-
  Send No Money

 Myvalues in made-to-meaauresuita
 are bo sensational, thousandsof men
 order when they see the actual gar-
 ments. I make it easy for yon to Bet
 vonr own suit to wear and show—
 and to MAKE MONEY IN FULL
 OR SPARE T1MEI My Plan is
 Amazingl Just take a few orders at
 my lowmoney-saving prices—that's
 all — and get your own personal
 suit, and make money fast taking
 orders. You need no experience. You
 need no money now or any time. Just
 rush your name and address now
 for complete facts and BIG SAM-
 PLE KIT containinj 160 ACTUAL
 woolen samples. It’s FREE I Send
 your name and address TODAY I

 PROGRESS TAILORING CO., *pt. p-i%
 500 S. Throop Street Chicago 7, III.

I Tan SKINS, make up FURS

          ma

  ' Be a Tandermiit. Double your hunting fun. We
  teach you it Horn*. Mount Birds, Animals, Fish,

FREE BOO!

 k Heads, common epoclmens. Fun and profits. Decorat#
       horn* and den MAKE MONEY. Mount ireme, tan for
       her*. Biff profit# la spare time. WRITE TODAY.

     too

        Hasten
        Now

^NORTHWESTERN SCHOOL OF TAXIDERMY
'Dept. 4212	Omaha, Nebraska

Dig pronie IU	luno. nnm <wuni>

USUSSTnt FREE book

Free- Send poet card. State yoor AOE.

mill

 BECOME ANl

ikUUI

  Executive Accountants and O. P. A’s sarn $<.000 to $10,000 a rear.
  Thousands of Arms need them. We train you thoroly at homo In spare
  time for C. P. A’s examinations or executive accounting positions.
  Previous experience unnecessary. Personal training ander supervision
  of staff of C. P. A's. Placement counsel end heTp. Write for free
  book. '•Accountancy, the Profession That Pays."

 LASALLE Extension University. 417 So. Dearborn SL
 A CorrMpondinc# Institution Dept. 12334H,Chicago 5, III.

i SONG POEMS

WANTED

 TO BE SET TO MUSIC

 ★	Submit one or more of your best poems for free examination.
 + Any subject. Send uoem. PHONOGRAPH RECORDS MADE.
 x FIVE STAR MUSIC MASTERS. 620 BEACON BLOG..

★	BOSTON 8. MASS._

What Do You Want Out of Life?

 Whatever it is, you can hove it! If you will follow our in-
 tensive training course for a period of thirty days we
 guarantee proof of results. Send for our free informative
 pomphlet—NOW—don't wait—ACT AT ONCE.

THE POWER SCHOOL

Section H-10-P, Box 1028 *

Cripple Creek, Colorado _

JOIN THE MERCHANT MARINE

 MEN (16 to 45) WOMEN (1«
 to 40) Join the Merchant Mar.
 in.. Experience unn«enary.
 Civilian occupation. Excellent
 pay. Fascinating for.ign trav-
 els. Excitement. Send for FREE
 INFORMATION, no obligation. Great opportunity.

          DAVENPORT SEAMAN'S SERVICE, Dept. 37_

Broadway, New York 1, N. Y.

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

            (Continued from page 97)
again, Steve’s left hand snaked out and
caught Pardee’s other ankle and jerked it
toward him. Pardee sprawled in the dirt.

  Before Con could recover, Steve threw
both legs around his waist and locked his
feet together. He closed his eyes and gritted
his teeth and brought every ounce of his
strength to bear on squeezing Pardee's
breath from his body. He ground his knees
into the ribs of the threshing man between
his legs, and then he bent forward sudden-
ly and caught his left arm around Pardee’s
throat and jerked his head back.

  Pardee fought the only way he could,
with vicious, powerful jabs of his elbows
into Steve’s stomach and ribs.

  Steve increased the pressure on Pardee’s
throat. Pardee was choking, he knew. But
Pardee was not going to die that way. He
was going to die of a broken neck. He
pulled the dark head back another inch, lis-
tening to the big man gasp, listening to the
soft sound of tortured muscles and bones.

  And then, over the shouts of the crowd,
he heard a girl screaming, and he knew it
was Iris Manning.

  He opened his eves. She was nearer than
he’d thought, in the street with them, less
than ten feet away. One tiny hand was
stretched toward them, as if to stop them,
and her face was twisted with hysteria. She
screamed once more—and then she covered
her face with her hands and sank slowly to
her knees. For a moment she rocked back
and forth, sobbing, and then she fell.

  Steve Jordan stared at the small blonde
girl who lay there so near him—and slowly
the kill-fever drained from him and he was
very, very sick. He knew shame, deep and
terrible,'shame he had never known ex-
isted. And he knew hate—but hate for
himself and for what he had done. Because
his own heart was broken, he had tried to
break Iris Manning’s heart—break it by
killing the man she loved.

  He looked at the blonde curls splayed out

104
  GUN-MEETING AT MIDNIGHT

in the dust of Main Street and he thought,
It isn’t too late. I can give Con back to her
—alive. He would have killed me, but I
can’t kill him. Iris’ happiness depends on
his staying alive. And that's all that mat-
ters. I have to let Con live because my love
for Iris is stronger than my hate for him—
He relaxed his pressure on Con’s neck
enough for Con to catch his breath.

  He said, “Con, listen to me! I know
there’s one thing more sacred to you than
anything else. Your word. Give me your
word you’ll stop fighting if I let you go.”
Moments passed . while Con Pardee
gulped air into his bursting lungs. Then,
“You win, Steve. You’ve got it.”

  “And one more thing, Con," Steve said
tightly. “I want your word that you’ll be
good to Iris."

  “Yes, yes!” Con rasped. “God, Steve,
let go of me!”

  Steve loosened his hold and got to his
feet. He stood aside and watched Pardee
come erect, wary of any false move.

  Con turned to face him, naked hatred in
his eyes. Hut there was something besides
the hatred, and Steve knew it for what it
was: respect. He watched as Con walked
unsteadily toward the prostrate form of Iris
Manning. The crowd had broken from the
boardwalks and was surging into the street.
Two older women lifted Iris in their arms.
Her eyelashes fluttered and she looked
about her wildly.

  It was enough to make any woman faint,
Steve thought. But she'll be all right. She'll
have Con and everything will be all right.
His whole body ached from the wound in
his shoulder. He had. to see Doc Greer.
And then he had to get out of Fever Wells.

nPHE first yellow rays of sunlight were
A slanting through his window when
Steve finally buckled the last strap around
his suitcase and set it near the door of his
room. It had taken Doc Greer a long time
to dress his shoulder, and packing with the

/F /r si/ps./r /r a/AFes./F /rQ/t/pes.mBV

THROW AWAY
THAT TRUSS!

Why put up with days . . .
months . . . YEARS of dis-
comfort, worry, and fear if
this perfected truss-invention
for most forms of reducible
rupture will enable you ta en-
joy life’s activities and pleas-
ures once again? Literally
thousands of Rupture suffer-
ers have benefited by this
Appliance, without the slight-
est inconvenience. Where
other trusses have failed we
have often had our greatest
success. Even doctors—thou-
sands of them—have ordered.
So do not despair. Send the
coupon below for our Free
Rupture Book in plain envelope.

Patented AIR-CUSHION Support
Gives Wonderful Protection

This surprising yet simple-acting invention helps
Nature support weakened muscles, gently but se-
curely, day and night. Thousands of grateful letters
tell of results beyond expectations. Get complete,
fascinating facts on the Brooi:s Air-Cushion Appli-
ance—send now for free Rupture Book.

  Where Is Your

Rupture?

CHEAP-
Sanitary-
Comfcrtable

Look out for im-
itations and coun-
terfeits! The Gen-
uine Brooks Air-
Cushion Truss is
never sold in
stores or by agents
but made to order
at the low "male*
er-to-user" price.

Sanitary, light-
weight. inconspic-
uous! No" hard	_

pads, no stiff, punishing springs, no metal girdle.
GUARANTEED to bring heavenly comfort and se-
curity—or it costs you NOTHING.

SENT ON TRIAL ?et comP|ete. reveal-

             I niHL ing explanation.
THEN decide whether you want to try for the com-
fort—the freedom—the security—the blessed relief
thousands of men. women and children have re-
ported. The complete Brooks is SENT ON TRIAL
Investigate! Send for the facts today! All corre-
spondence confidential.

■■•MAIL THIS COUPON NOW!—

BROOKS APPLIANCE CO.

397-A State St., Marshall, Mich.

Without obligation, please send your FREE BOOK
on Rupture. PROOF of Results, and TRIAL OFFER—
all in plain envelope.

Name_______

Street-
City—

 _7one_

_State_

State whether for Mr i □ Woman Q or Child □

105
  bo YOU HAVE
  PROSTATE TROUBLE?

General Weakness, Backache, Fre-
quency, Burning Urination, Kidney
and Bladder Distress

     The Kansas City Medical Press haa
     i just published a revealing booklet
     which discusses the PROSTATE
     GLAND in language anyone can
     understand. Information contained
     in this book may save you years of
     suffering. Give name and address.
     r---MAIL COUPON TODAY—--1

      I K. C. Medical Press
      I Dept. T-l, 1440 I. 21 s»,
      j North Kansas City, Mo.

| Please send me by return mail booklets
| I have checked below,
j The Prostate Gland Q
j Kidney and Bladder □ Rupture
■ Please enclose 10c for each book
• ordered.

 Arthritis □
 ■e □

Advertising BOOK MATCHES

BIG SPOT CASH PROFITS

REPEATS

World's Largest Dlrec
big opportunity In prc
MATCHCORP 20. 30,

        st Direct-Soiling Book Match Manufacturer offers you
        iroAtable year 'round bualness. Make money with

_________0, 40 and 240-llRht book matches. Low prices

for high quality. Repeats. Full or part time; men, women. NOTHING
TO BUY. Complete selling information and amazing order-getting
dales kit furnished, aet started right away—WRIT! TODAYI

MATCH CORPORATION OF AMERICA
1433-43 W. 48th Place, Dept. PS-122, Chicago 32, III.

  High School Course

at Home

 _ Many Finish in 2 Year*

  I Go as rapidly IS your time and abilities permit. Course
  equivalent to resident school work — prepares for college

!..........

 entranci“«»m»r Standsrd H. S.	Djplom*.

Credit for H, 8. subject* already---—------- —.

desired. High school education is very important for advancement
in business and Industry and socially. Don’t be handicapped all
jrour life. Be a High 8cbool graduate. Start yoor Gaining now.

Free Bulletin on reqaest. No obligation.

AmtrleanSchool, Dpt. H-949, Dr*ul at 58th, Chicago 37

HYPNOTISM

Learn to apply this tremendous POWER. Develop will-
power, self-confidence, self-control. ANYONE can master
this exciting, profitable profession In short time by training

at home, with GUARANTEED RESULTS. DON’T DELAY . . .
Write to America's oldest Hypnotic school for free informa-
tion now—today I

INSTITUTE OF APPLIED HYPNOLOGY
Dept. 3812, 120 Central Park So., New York 19, N. Y.

COLOR SLIDES

Gorgeous,breath-taking Color Slides
NEW^jof female figures. Poses deliberately
planned to reveal the utmost in beauty.
You will be thrilled at the detail, color
and clarity. 10 DIFFERENT 2 x 2 Slides
in each set. Mounted ready lor projec-
toror viewer. Order them all and
you’ll have a treasure.

/Set of 10 Slides.......$3.00

2	Different Sets (20 slides) 5.50
4 Different Sets (40 slides) 10.00

_ . iSHIPPED PREPAID !H PLAIN SEALED WRAPPER. NO C. O. O. i

NATIONAL, Dept. 18, Box 5-Sta. E, Toledo 9, Ohio

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

use of only one Ijand had been a slow proc-
ess. But there’d been no real hurry; the
first stage to Puma Flat didn’t leave until
eight.

  The knock on his door was timid, hesi-
tant. A woman’s knock. He opened the
door and stood back and as he looked at
the fresh blonde beauty of Iris Manning he
wished somehow that he had died down
there in the dust of Main Street.

  She smiled and closed the door behind
her quietly.

   “What’s this?” he said bitterly.

  She slid into the narrow space between
him and the window, her warm body touch-
ing his, her rounded arms about his slim,
hard waist.

   “You've packed your suitcase,” she said.
“Where are we going, Steve?”

   He looked at her, at the beautiful face so
close to his, at the full red lips.

  “We?” he said.

   “If ... if you want me, Steve.”

  “But—”

   “Con left Fever Wells forever last night,
Steve,” she said. “But before he did, he
told me what you’d done. You let him live
because you thought I loved him.”

  “And I was right!” Steve said.

  “No, darling. You were wrong. I tried
to tell you that last night, but you wouldn’t
listen. You couldn’t understand that a
woman could love you and still have a little
room in her heart for another man.”
“Only women and sky pilots talk like
that,” he said. “What kind of a fool do you
take me for?”

' "No fool, Steve. No fool at all. But a
man. A hard man. Too hard to understand
how I felt about Con. He was kind and
gentle to me, Steve. Always. And he loved
me. I couldn’t forget that. I didn’t want
you to kill him.”

   He looked at her, searchingly. "Is that
why you kissed me the way you did?”
The color rose in her throat and into her
cheeks.

106
GUN-MEETING AT MIDNIGHT

  “Why, then?” She was even lovelier
when she blushed, he decided.

  Her voice was very low. “Because I
knew you were my man.”

  Somehow he knew—without quite know-
ing how he knew—that she was telling him
the truth. And it came to him that Con
Pardee must have realized the same thing.
He thought of his fight with Con—but
there was no anger now, no hatred. Con
was a man like himself. He had loved and
fought and lost—and stepped aside. And
he had paid tribute-to Steve by telling Iris
what Steve had done. You couldn’t hate a
man with guts like that. Not any more.

  She moved closer to him. Her lips
against bis cheek were soft.

  There was still one more thing to be said
—one question remaining in his mind.

  “You kept me waiting two years, Iris.
Why?”

  He felt her arms tighten around him, and
with his one good arm he drew her to him.

  “Because you were a lawman, Steve.
You rode the town every night. And sooner
or later somebody . . .” Her voice trailed
off. And then, suddenly, her young body
straightened and her clear eyes met his.
“But I’m not afraid any longer, Stevd. I’m
proud of you. I’ll be the proudest wife in
Fever Wells!”

  “Maybe," Steve said softly. “But you
won’t be the Marshal’s wife, Iris. Doc
Greer said my arm would be all right—
some day. But I’ll never be able to draw a
gun again.”

  Her eyes were bright with tears.

  “There's still the old Frazee place, Iris.
I was a forty-a-month cowhand a long time
before I ever pinned on a marshal’s badge
Maybe you'd just as soon marry a retired
lawman.”

  Her lips moved across his cheek to his
mouth.

  “Oh, Steve . .

  “Yes,” he said. “Somehow I think you
would.”	OOO

BENJAMIN FRANKLIN

(A Rosicrucian)

WlY was this man great? How does anyone
■—man or woman—achieve greatness ? Is it not
by mastery of the powers within ourselves?

Know the mysterious world within you! At-
tune yourself to the wisdom of the ages! Grasp
the inner power of your mind! Learn the sec-
rets of a full and peaceful life!

Benjamin Franklin—like many other learned
and great men and women—was a Rosicru-
cian. The Rosicrucians (NOT a religious or-
ganization) first came to America in 1694.
Today, headquarters of the j^IS BOOK
Rosicrucians send over seven ppppi
million pieces of mail an-
nually to all pans of the
world. Write for YOUR
FREE COPY of "The Mas-
tery of Life”—TODAY. No
obligation. No salesmen. A
non-profit organization. Ad-
dress: Scribe M.E.M.

7& ROSICRUCIANS

     SAN JOSE • (AMORC) • CALIFORNIA
I------SEND THIS COUPON------1

I Scribc M.E.M.

  The ROSICRUCIANS (AMORC)

   San Jose, California

   Please send me the free book, The Mastery of Life,
   which explains how I may learn to use my facultie«
   and powers of mind.

  Name_

   Address-

  City_

107
 MAKEfXKA D| ACTI/ C LIARN
 MONEY f Lr\> I I \ > 4T M0ME '

              TVrt art RICH OPPORTUNITIES foe MEN and WOMEN
  _ mvt- • with "know-bow" in Platt ks. Interstate^ new Plaatici count
  i '	and ahowi how to make hUndrtda o( fast selling item* out

  \	at Plajtics. Gives complete training m fabrication, casting,

  I	lamination. molding. internal carving, «c, in aimpk. taay,

  ( HP« atcp-by-itfp language and pkturei Plaatks and Fabricating
  k fOPVjW	Kits let 23 valuable Plastic Jtenia come with training at no

                      «,tr* c«* START A PLASTICS BUSINESS OF YOUR
  ‘	1OWN. No other induatry holds auch promise foe tht

              \	future. You can make W* money manufacturing no**

               ^	cities. toys. signs. etc.. in your own home In apare or full

                       time. Don't wait! Learn NOW how Interstatc's Plastic*
                       Training Qualiftes you for success in the Plastics Reid.

                                     KASTICS AND SUPKUS ITJRNIJHtD
                                     KXt 23 VALUABU MOJCCT9

        rINTERSTATI TRAINING SERVICE

         Dipt. CUN	Portland 13, Oregon

HYPNOTIZE!

  Benefit yourself, others and your pocket I Learn hypno-
  tism by fast postal course. Command, others, and your-
  self, toot Banish fears, pain, nightmares, bad habits.
  Achieve confidence and respect, become an accomplished
  entertainer. Free illurtrated booklet shows how YOU
  can do this and how to sell your services when proficient.
  Write St once to David Stewart, Dept. 50, Post Office,
  Malvern, Ontario, Canada.

SEND
FOR THIS

mm

         Make money. Know how to break and
 train horses. Write today Jot this toot
 FREE, together with spcclal offer of
 a course In Animal Breeding. If you
 are Interested In Galtlng and Riding the saddle
 horse, check here ( ) Do U today—now.

 BEERY SCHOOL OF HORSEMANSHIP
 0«pt. 8412	Pleasant HIM, Okie

STOP TOBACCO

 Banish the craving for tobacco as thou-
 sands have with Tobacco Rtdetmer. Write
 Today for free booklet tellmg of injurious
 effect of tobacco and of a treatment which
 has relieved over 300.000 people.

 In Buslnm Since 1909
 THC NEWELL COMPANY

 FREE

 BOOK

 I 324 Claylon Sts, • It. Loult S, Me.

ADVANCE-

 $3.00 for ol! services

   For Winning, ond moierinls — THAT'S AIL!!!!
   POEM • NO OTHER CHARGES OR GIMMICKS

Write for FREE INFORMATION

ROMAR MUSIC INC. RADIO CITY STATION

P. O. B. 80, Dept. F., New York 19, N. Y.

Free Book on Arthritis
And Rheumatism

 HOW TO AVOID CRIPPLING DEFORMITIES

 An amazing newly enlarged 44-page book entitled
 "Rheumatism" will be sent free to anyone who will writ*
 for it.

 It reveals why drugs and medicines give only tempo-
 rary relief and fail to remove the causes of the trouble;
 explains a proven specialised non-surgical. non-medical
 treatment which has proven successful for the past 88
 years.

  You Incur no obligation in sending for this instructive
  book. It may be the means of saving you years of untold
  misery. Write today to The Ball Clinic, Dept. 16, Excel-
  sior Springs, Missouri.

108

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

             (Continued from page 72)
 selves to pieces, and then find our caravan
 is split by a tilted ocean of mud? There’s
 nothing left on this slope but loose dirt;
 it’ll wash and wash you with it. Look down
 the slope! Look down! I dare you! Do you
 want to wash down that hill into the valley?”
 The wind was stronger now and all felt it
 pushing them, and felt themselves teetering,
 as people will in high places. But still, Joel
 Kalder stood on his perch far above them
 with the wind whipping at him.

   A drop of water spattered on Bill Shawn’s
 forehead.

   Something began to flame inside him.
 There was one thing Kalder couldn’t do,
 and that was, ask the heavens for water.
 That much, Shawn knew. He could not ex-
 plain it to them. He hadn’t the words. But
 now he wasn’t inclined to talk. He began to
 climb. He pulled himself up the taut rope,
 clawing his boots at the slope. He climbed
 steadily without speaking, looking directly
 up at the man on the rock. He thought only
 that they were going to Oregon, and going
 there now, and no slick-mouthed shyster
 would stand in the way!

   Kalder cried, “You can’t touch me—”
 but his voice quavered as he cried out. He
 saw Shawn advancing relentlessly, big hands
 hauling steadily at the rope, lifting himself
 as steadily and forcefully up the slope as
 another man might descend. Now Kalder
 cried, “I’ll stop you, Shawn, I’ll stop you
 from leading us to ruin!”

 RALDER’S long hand plunged into his
 pocket. He pulled out a revolver, a
 heavy, short-barreled weapon. He waved it
 around his head and then leveled it on
 Bill Shawn’s face and cocked it. “I’ll stop
 you, stop you! ”

   “Better call for some rain to stop me,”
 Shawn growled, and climbed on. It was only
 twenty feet now and he saw the man’s boots
 bracing on the rock as wind threatened to
 topple him. He saw Kalder’s coat whip, and
 then like a sudden blossoming, a red flash
 at the man’s fist. For a second it hid his
 fist and the gun. With one screaming swipe,
 Shawn’s hat was flung off and the bullet
 rapped and tore at his head. He shook his
 head and dragged himself on.

   Bill saw that Kalder had been thrown off
 balance by the kick of the gun and reckoned
OVER THE HILL TO HELL

he wasn’t used to it. Gleefully Shawn re-
flected that a lawyer’s best weapon was his
tongue, and Kalder was realizing that too
late. Like a great ape swarming up that
rope, Shawn flung all his strength into a last
spurt up to the rock, and hurled himself at
the legs of the man standing on it. He heard
the deafening blast of the gun, but grasping
one of Kalder’s boots in his fist, he wrenched
at it. The lawyer’s weight left him and h6
went flopping through the air to tumble and
crash down below. Shawn looked down and
saw Kalder’s coattails flapping as the man
hurtled down towards the group of men on
the rope. Then Kalder stopped falling, and
lay gulping for air at their feet.

  Shawn panting, nodded grimly. Then
brushed his hands on his levis and bellowed,
“Git onto that rope, we’re headed Oregon
way!” And he felt it in his voice again; the
sureness, the certainty, that they would make
it up this ledge.

  He clambered down the rope to the others,
and they heaved. They glanced once at the
bloodied lawyer sitting against a rock hold-
ing his head in his hands, and heaved.
Slowly, the wagon began to inch its way up
the slope. They heaved, laughing, cheering,
wasting breath on yells. The wagon inched
up to that open, almost-flat place by the
rock. It rammed the rock with a quiver that
shook its whole framework, and the polers
jammed *wagon tongues through from wheel
to wheel, until at last, there was a wagon
perched on top of the mountain. . . .

  Those days when they tooled fast across
the plateau fearing snow, Shawn was often
with Hannah, riding beside her on the seat
of her Conestoga.

  She said one day, “You ruined a promis-
ing career in politics, Shawn.”

  He grinned. “I’ve seen likelier-looking
politicians greasin’ wheel hubs every night
the last two months. Here’s two of the
best—a little young yet, though.” He jerked
a thumb at Hannah’s two boys. “Either one
of you younkers aim to be President of
Oregon one day?”

  “Naw,” the younger one replied, “we’re
gonna be bullwhackers! ”

  Shawn laughed and looked ahead through
the heavy green of the spruce forest, off into
the blue distance where the land began to
fall toward Oregon.	0 0 0

Genuine Leather Wallet He#ll Be
Proud to Carry!... The Halvorfold

REPLACEABLE

WINDOWS FOR
8 PASSES

CURRENCY

NAME & ADDRESS
23K GOLD ROTARY
•R ANY LODGE
JUM

GOLD PLATED SUTTON

   In this smooth, luxurlous-Iooking genuine Morocco
 leather Halvorfold, everything's in order. Looseleaf
 device holds 8 club or lodge identification cards, li-
 censes. etc. (12-card, 25c extra; 16-card, 50c extra).
 Folds flat in pocket. Stays new for years. Not sold in
 stores. At no extra cost—tooled lodge or fraternal
 emblem outside AND your name, address and em-
 blem 23K GOLD-stamped inside. Clip this ad, PRINT
 name, address for GOLD stamping and mark correct
 squares: BEAUTIFUL long-lasting, rich Morocco

 □	Black □ Brown—Outside tooled emblem □ Mason

 □	Eagle □ K.C. □ None. Pay postman $5 plus
 C.O.D. charges, or send check or money order LESS
 2% CASH DISCOUNT. My GUARANTEE is as at.
 ways—FULL SATISFACTION OR YOUR MONEY
 BACK. Write TODAY: Halvorsen, P.C.M. Sta. G„
 Jacksonville, Fla., Dept. 104A.

 Jf Ruptured

TRY THIS!...

If you can obtain raHef by holding
back youx rupture or ruptures in
this manner-I CAN HELP YOUI
Write today for my valuable FREK
information which it based on 23
years of practical experience.

FRED B. MILLER, Mfgr.

Dept. G, Hagerstown, Maryland

All diamonds reset In brand new modem mountings. Sold with a
written iron-clad money back guarantee. Over 100,000 satisfied
customers have bought diamonds from Berman’s.

Our reference—your own bank or any mercantile e«ency

Berman s Diamond Loan Bank

 Dept.PF-BERMAN BLDG., BALTO. 1, MD.

109
“You will find a single
drop of this Perfume
will last a week.”

ONLY

 JLp

  flO' '
  Dio**’

.00

prepaid

                  For Thl* $2.25 Bottle
                  I0NE ONLY TO A PERSON)

                emptation — one of
                the most exquisite per-
                fumes ever created.

                  A single drop lasts a
                  week; charms, attracts
                  men and women to you.

              The fragrance of
              living flowers. Bottles
              with elongated stopper
              encased in a polished
              maple case 2 times the
              size of the picture.

Send No Money

 Pay the postman when he hands you the
 package or (if you prefer) send money
 order, currency, stamps or check for fl.OO.
 In business 70 yeors. Money back If not satisfiod.
 PAUL RIEGER, 253 Art Center Bids., San Francisco

SURPLUS VALUES

Air Force Typo 8-9

PARKA COAI

      Worm, all wool
      quitted lining.
      Zipper from.

      u a< Si,M 36

      »G.?> iHru 46.
      *00 JJf Hit MAILING

 Air Force Type

 S-15 JACKET

 Mfo>y -tijM. ell
 wool qv'ud I>»i«f
 Movie* coder Ho.
 tic	**d

 cwHi. Zlfipi fce*».

*.95

 A00 75c K» MAILING

Mont^Bcck Gvaroni

NATIONAL JOBBING CO.

 Ilia Howard St. D.pt. p.n Omoho, Nebr.

              EAR WAX DROPS for

                    fast temporary relief of
                    accumulated wax condition

          TOOTHACHE?

                       ask your druggist for DENT'S
                       TOOTH GUM,TOOTH DR0PI«P0ULTICC

(if you can sen-)
[look at this

 Millions s old at $12.80 and $9.9B. Now
 hitting now safes posits af 57.95 with up
 to $4.00 profit for you. How the women love
 a "bargain”. They all want this amazing at-
 tachment because in 5 seconds it transforms
 their old style ref rigerators into modern, auto-
 matic defrosters. Flash demonstrator. Instant
 sale in 4 out of 6 calls at this new low price.
 Y et you make as high as $4.00 on each fast sale.
 Reynoldsmaking $140.00. Rush name for FREE
 SELLING KIT and offer of sample demontra-
 tor to all who answer this ad. The H0LWIN
 la guaranteed for 2 years—and we guarantee
 your sales. Don’t wait. Rush name at once.

DEFROSTER SALES CO.

 41BNJ«*.lltSt.,D.pt.H:7S-W,Cl!iUe«l 0,111.

FREE

SEND NAME

Rush name
for free sales
kit and offer
ofdemonstra*
tor sample.
Sales skyrock-
eting. Send
name. Get in
on big money.

110

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

             (Continued from page 6)
 north so I’m pretty well familiar with the
 Vulture gold mine’s history as well as its
 geology.

   However, I haven’t a record of the Big
 Horn Mts. geology, but believe it to be similar
 to that of the Harquahala Mts. close to it. For
 that matter, the Big Horn rock formations are
 probably about like thoje of the Vulture
 Range, which has gold veins and gold placers
 th^t have been mined for a great many years
 tho new veins might yet be found.

   This range is some 3,500 feet altitude above
 sea level, and rises about 2,000 feet above the
 surrounding desert. In general, the rocks are
 gray granit in dikes and irregular masses, that
 were thrust-up (intruded) into areas of pre-
 Cambrian schistose sediments, with later Ter-
 tiary rhyolitic laval flows. Very promising
 formations for the “contact” type of ore veins
 chiefly with quartz-gold. There are in fact a
 great many auriferous quartz veins, seams,
 and veinlets scattered widely over this range,
 with the Vulture Mine on what is the largest
 vein yet found. At any rate, the weathering
 of all of these gold veins through centuries has
 resulted in gold placer concentrations from all
 the drainage area around the Vulture Mine.

   They were first found in 1867 and worked
 by dry washers, with several hundred men
 working the washes and arroyos, each per-
 mitted only 50 sq. ft. of ground, many getting
 $25 t(f$50 a day in coarse angular gold and
 nuggets. But by 1880 the richest was about
 all worked out; though many came to work in
 late winter and early in spring using wet-
 washing methods from the heavy rains, getting
 most of the gold from bedrock gravels that
 are always the richest. All ground has been
 worked, but Gov’t report in 1931-32 was $134
 worth recovered from this entire area.

   Gold Placers also have been worked around
 Morristown, about 12 miles southeast of Wick-
 enburg on US-60-70, on branch creeks of the
 Hassayampa River flowing in from the south
 end of Wickenburg Mts., in San Domingo
 Wash, Old Woman Gulch, Rogers and Sanger
 Washes, etc.

   Now these mountains are known mostly for
 gold deposits, and there hasn’t been very much
 hunting for semi-precious stones in either re-
 gion you’ve asked about. I have the gem-
 stones of all Arizona listed, but with rather
 little in Maricopa County. However, if you
 locate any pegmatite dikes, you'll then have a
 good chance of a discovery of many types,
 topaz, beryl, etc. In any case you’ll find good
 agate cutting-material in the hills near Mor-
 ristown, with also some white opal, and tire
 opal at times reported from there! Chalcedony
 (carnelian) north of Wintersburg; garnets in
 schists all over.
HELL ON WHEELS!

(Continued from page 10)

  Jed was such an unsightly corpse that his.
former admirers decided to inter him in the
boneyard that very night in a torchlight
funeral.

  Rig Tim Malloy's Saloon was half-empty
after the funeral party went on its sad and
dutiful way. Those left in the saloon had
refused, out of respect to their own dead
foreman, to join in the midnight burial.
They would have their inning in the bone-
yard, come Sunday—and not before.

Of a sudden, Slim Loper demonstrated
that he did not always think like a mule. A
slow grin spread over his gaunt face as he
drawled, "Men, looks like we collect the
bets we made. The minute they sink Jed
Mink in the boneyard, out there, we win
the money. Jed made the boneyard first!”
Amid howls of glee, and cheers of vic-
tory, the Welch mourners descended on Big
Tim Malloy, stakeholder par excellence.
“Pay us off, Tim," shouted somebody.
“Wheel" yelled another, pressing up to
Tim. . . .

  It was some time before Big Tim’s pro-
tests could be heard. With perspiring brow
and shaking hands, he wailed, “But—but—
you boys know I already paid off to the
Mink crowd. I paid off when Welch got
dead. I thought—”

  "Thought, hell!” hollered a spokesman
for the menacing crowd. “Our bets were
plain: We bet that Mink would be in the
boneyard, permanent, before Welch would.
That’s all they is to it. Pay off.”

(Continued on page 112)

f^When NERVOUS
~<fhL TENSION

                GETS YOU

“UP IN THE AIR”

. . . try Miles Nervine for wel-
come relief. Contains no Barbitu-
rates. Follow the label. Avoid
excessive use. At all drugstores.

MILES

 NERVINE

-	MAKE EXTRA MONEY

. EVERY BUSINESS EVERYWHERE
USES UNION LABEL BOOK MATCHES

 No experience needed to earn big daily commissions.
 Be a direct factory representative of the world’s largest
 exdosivre UNION LABEL Book Match manufacturer.
 Prospects everywhere. Feature

Glamour Girls, Hillbillies,	FftfQ

■cenics and dozens of other	uuu*

 styles—Double Books—Jumbo
 Books—nearly 100 color combi-
 nations. New. bigger portfolio
 makes this fastest selling lins
 a real profit maker for you.

Write TODAY for full details.

    SUPERIOR MATCH CO.

 Dpt. S-12S2, 7528 S. Greenwood Ave., Chicago It. IIL
 ” Watt Coast Salesmen, write Box 1007, San Jose, Calif.

BIG PROFITS FORYOU

INVISIBLE
REWEAVING

FAYS UP TO>*10 AN HOUR AT HOMEI

 INVISIBLE RBWEAVKB In Tour oommonltr.

 I	Make cuti, borne, moth holes, tears In dreeses.
 > soils. aU fcbrlcs *>13APPBAlfl Do it at home-
 to spare time. Tremendous demand from tailors,
 elesners. dept, stores, laundries. indiTWoals-
 r*-weavers are scarce! Prove it: look In
 Tour own phone book. Profits op to *10.00 for one
 ^‘J*OTkl	*<> with complete. prolea»

V.^ln "•Hll Write for FREE details.

FABfUCONCOMPANY, l342S.Prairlt Art., Dpt. B-2. ChlcagolS. IIL

WHAT A RIIVI Now al lasl y°u can have smal1 seal covers that
    ™	will protect your upholstery and add distinction

to your car al amazingly low cost. These remarkable seat covers are
tailored ol miracle plastic in rich, lustrous colors. New snap-on action
holds them light! FITS ALL CARS! Colorfast. Will not lade . . will
not shrink. Waterproof, stainproof. greaseproof. Will resist burns.
Easily cleaned with damp cloth when necessary.

CFNn Nfl MONFVI *usl Send name, complete address, seat
dtnu nu mvnti. cove(S ,teSired an() your cotof choice. (Also
second color choice.) We'll ship immediately Pay poslman plus
postage when your order arrives. Or. enclose cash, check or money
order, and We Pay Postage. FREE TEN DAY TRIAL! If afler using
them 10 days in your own car you're not 100% satisfied, return for full
refund of purchase price. Order TODAY at our risk!

YOUNG PRODUCTS

Dept. 476

2605 ELMHURST, DETROIT 6, MICH.

Ill
N°w $| j.95

Brand new process trans-
forms your old, broken,
cracked or loose plates into
new lightweight plastic plates.

NO IMPRESSION NEEDED

Let UB help you enjoy life again. You will marvel at this revolution-
ary new method. Using your own old plates, we will remake them
completely In only 24 hours. Missing teeth are carefully matched
jm^^eplaced. Work Is done on an absolute MONEY BACK GUAR-

SEND Kin MONFY —Just rush your name and address to us
,	V.V	• for full FREE DETAILS. If your teeth are

         11	«•». how 10 tighten them before duplication. Act
now. Quit suffering!

TRU-GRIP DENTAL LABORATORIES, Dept. 180

127 M. Do.racrn »!.. 7th FI._. ' Cl.ic.oo 3. III.

That’s what L. H. Mix did in a year I
You can make up to S3 or $4 an hour
sharpening saws with the Foley Saw
Filer. Steady cash business, no can-
vassing. Start spare time—Free Book
shows how. Write Foley Mfg. Co., 1247-2
Foley Bldg., Minneapolis 18. Minn.

INVENTORS

If you believe that you have an invention, you should And out how
to protect it. We are registered Patent Attorneys. Send for copy of
our Patent Booklet How to Protect Your Invention," and an "In-
vention Record" form. No obligation. They are yours for the asking.

McMORROW, BERMAN & DAVIDSON

180-H Vidor Building

Registered Patent Attorneys

 Washington I, D. C.

HE-MAN VOICE!

STRENGTHEN your voice this tested, sol-
es — you may now be able
POWER of your speakin<r
and Binging voice . . . In the privacy

       your own room! Self-training lessons,
       mostly silent. No music required.

 FREE BOOK
 Write TODAY for Eugene Feuehtinger’s
 great booklet "How to Develop a Success-
 ful Voipe.” It’s absolutely FREE! You
 must state your age. No salesman will call. Send
 your name and age RIGHT NOW!

PREFECT VOICE INSTITUTE
210 1. Clinton St., Studio WY-5, Chicago 9, III.

g^GOOPlUCK?

  Love, wealth, happiness may be yours.
  Carry the alleged Lucky Talisman of
  the Orient. Try this amazing charm
  for one week. Satisfaction guaranteed
  or money refunded. Send only $1.00
  today.

DEL MONTE

21-72 21st St.. Suite 39-A. Long liland City 5. H..Y.

RUPTURED?

Get Relief This Proven Way

Why try to worry along with trusses that gouge your
flesh—press heavily on hips and spine—enlarge opening—
fail to hold rupture? You need the Cluthe. No leg-straps
or cutting belts. Automatic adjustable pad holds at real
opening—follows every body movement with Instant in-
creased support In case of strain. Cannot slip whether at
work or play. Light. Waterproof. Can be worn In bath.
Send for amazing FREE book, "Advice To Ruptured" and
details of liberal truthful 60-day trial offer. Also endorse-
ments from grateful users in your neighborhood. Write:
CLUTHE SONS. Dept. IS, Bloomfield, New Jersey.

112

FIFTEEN WESTERN TALES

  Big Tim stalled for time to think. Also,
he felt he wouldn’t be so all alone in his
new misery when the Mink crowd returned
from the torchlight funeral. “I don’t pay
off until the other boys come back and tell
me that Jed is definitely buried in the bone-
yard.”

  Having learned the lesson about “many
a slip ..." the Welch crowd agreed to wait
until proof positive came in that Mink had
been duly interred. They had not long to
wait.

  When the burial party came whooping
into the warmth of the- saloon they were
greeted by Big Tim’s anxious, but foolish,
question, “Did you bury Mink in the bone-
yard ?”

  They had. Tenderly and with grim final-
ity. Jed Mink had, beyond all shadow of
a doubt, made the boneyard before Pike
Welch.

  “In that case,” shouted Big Tim Mal-
loy, “all you crooks what I paid off too
soon, by mistake, will kindly give me back
the money. I gotta’ give it to the rightful
winners; the ones who bet on Mink.”

  To the gathered railroaders, this was an
hilarious remark. They howled the worried
Malloy down. Although they had been split
into two separate groups, there were no
personal bad feelings. Neither Mink nor
Welch had been especially popular—both
being foremen—and the two factions were
merely split when it came to the betting.
Now they had suddenly joined together in
a common cause. Railroad builders versus
Big Tim Malloy.

  It took only a few minutes of rugged per-
suasion to convince Big Tim that he would
have to pay off—again. Tears were rolling
down his fat hog-like cheeks as he doled
out, for the second time, money to the win-
ners. The new winners.

  Big Tim had nothing left, now, but his
portable saloon and his. stock of cheap whis-
key. Later that night one of the whiskey
barrels exploded. The resultant fire com-
pletely destroyed the saloon and its con-
tents.

  Big Tim suddenly found out that he
would have to demean himself and go to
work, if he wanted to continue eating with
regularity. Within a week he was reluc-
tantly at hard labor—as a Union Pacific
track layer.	O O O
THE BUSHWHACK BARGAIN

113

          (Continued from page 42)
head first into the clearing. He got three
cartridges into place and jerked the cylinder
shut. Cole Tolman was on his knees then,
his gun still in his hand. Jesse’s shot was
low and he saw Cole’s legs slam out from
under him. His second shot hit him in the
chest and he spun on his side and then fell
over on his face. He moved once and was
still.

  Harder watched him for a minute, reload-
ing the Colt and listening to the quiet of the
clearing. In the brush near the river he
could hear one of the horses moving aimless-
ly-

  He felt at the wound on his shoulder,
but it was just a burn. He slipped the Colt

back into the holster, spoke to the sorrel,
and moved slowly up the canyon toward the
foothills.

  Once in the foothills he found an old cow
trail and rode listlessly along it, the fight
gone out of his body. When he reached the
ridge of the low hills he stopped and looked
back into the valley. Down below he could
see the few lights of the little town and fur-
ther down the valley, near the dark outline
of the river, he could see the lights of the
barn and a few people moving around it. He
watched them for a moment, his mjnd quiet
and lonely. One more town left behind, he
thought as he turned the horse back onto the
trail, but out ahead of him somewhere, in
the darkness, was another one. OOO

titi/tSMSATlOMlly

8M6TAL I
CAR
flcTfO/V flEET.

V* ■

NOVELTY MART Dept.Eg

59 East 8th Street, New York 3,N. Y

PaSDna

•	HE’S OVIR 19" TAUI Jf

•	MOVCS HIS MOUTH

•	AIMS AND tIOSt	.

REAL COW 10 Y OUTFIT I

Hey kids — here's yovr	^

chonce to become a

master ventriloquist—la	<0

•	jlHyl Imagine — yoo	. -'1
can make HAPPY the ‘

COWBOY actually tolkl m y

(in yovr own voice. at ^

count.) Pull the itring	-y? Mk

In th« bock of hi. head	. M

—watch Kli Up* movt— -j ’’'.

h«or yovr ow* words	Bj

Coming right out of

HAPPY'S moulhl See how . M

fMI he lookl-rigg«d U0	W

In a cowboy hot, waiha-

ble oloid thirl ond weiU j£.'	4

•rn pan*i. . .Show of A* ’ ' £

your *kni ot partial —at	ft,

kKooII 5CND NO MO*	A %

NCY. (C.O.D. you pay

postage. Remit with or dor, we pay postage.)

   Hero li tfit sensationally now teal* model ElECTRA JEEP thot coptivates every chlfd|
   Push tho button and off »h» goes—forward, to the Wt, to tt\e right, tr revortf.
   Rum outdoors on pavomont or indoors on rug. Ov»r ft foot long with everoN
   solid metal base ond solid rubber wheels, and motor torque steering. Loads of fun
   for chlldron and grownups allkol Rush your order todayl SEND NO MONEY. (C.0.0.
   you pay postage. Remit with ordor, we pay postage.)

  Please rush the items checked below;

□	ELECTRA-JEEP ..............................

 □	HAPPY the COWBOY ................

□	ACTION FLEET ............................

       □	Send C.O.D. I'll poy postage.

 □	I enclose $-----------, you poy postage.

 II NAME_

  || ADDRESS
  || CITY_

ZONE_STATE

RUSH YOUR ORDER TODAY! SATISFACTION GUARANTEED on all of the above item s.
12 FULL
DRAM
BOTTLES

Specially
Priced

 Watch her eyes light up when the
 receives this thrilling gift. Think of
 HI F«r only $2, you can give her
 not just o single vial of toilet
 water or cologn . but 12 full
 Vt dram bottles of superb qual-
 ity genuine perfume in 12 exotic
 fragrances by one of the world's
 leading per-
 fume makers.

 It's the bargain
 of a lifetime.

 Act nowl

OFFER

RUSH COUPON FOR IMMEDIATE DELIVERY

Young Products, Dept. 473

2605 Elmhurst, Detroit 6, Mich.

Please rush Items checked. If I'm not de-
lighted, I may return my order within 10
dayi for full refund of purchase price.

OHM Ita UM.	......

I >111 Mr nmnii	HAM!

    IM».

□	I M M •— »- AODMM . ■■ ■■

KThi

CHICK I TIMS WANTIO:

THE FORBIDDEN

Imagin* her in thii picture perfect Parisian
cr*otion tKot reveal» all her alluring charm*.
Daringly ityled with a vanishing back ond
cut-away midrif above the hugging waist*
bond. She’ll thrill to the luxury of tlw wispy
fflm of ohso-sheer “silken" rayon with a
curve-dinging top of window pone lace. It't
black oi o bottomless pit. . . bewitching at
a starlit night. Bring that vition to life at you
win her fervent love with thi* $"795
gift ihe'll treasure for year* /

 i

O Perfumes @ $2.00 |

_ Lady's Drew Watch I
Q @ $9.95 plus 99< Fed Tax I

pi Taboo Night Gown
U	@ $7.95

Slxe: 32, S4,34,3t,40l

.... . i ewdoUng
•vll Nr"M. tmmm
mjm*r bKH iur-

 CITY-

 . STATI.

  FREE

10 DAY TRIAL

      PROMPT REFUND Of
      PURCHASE PRICE IF
      YOU’RE NOT DELIGHTED!
  fDtlt ChaajM
  JUioMAnctur
  IVttY DAY

 -	.11 _ Measures Speed.
 MU TIM Measures Dis
 mum lame Records up
 totfHours OVER
 <*•"*. <0 QUALITY FEA-

'_ TURES. Precision

Jeweled Im-
ported Swiss Movemenl Accurale Dependable.

 Ttecv... Unique

cieciM me

 WALKIE-TALKIE

*3ally guaranteed!

 Communication System

 It "Remembers
 It Tells Time
 It Tells Date

 Complete
 2 UNIT SET

COMPARE
IT AT $50

 I M TED

 Of FEU

Not for *10 .. Not for s5 .. But Only

SEND

It's the borgoin of a lifetime! They're Ijoht-
weight, durably constructed and wonderfully
cleor. Perfect for sports events . . . traveling
. . . theater, nature study and dozens of other
uses. Styled exactly like a famous imported
binocularl Perfect clearity is assured with the
3 power lenses manufactured by the world
fomous AMERICAN OPTICAL COMPANY.
Opens to big 7 * 6" sire. Complete with
carrying strap at this speciol low price. Order
today while this limited offer lasts. If you
don't agree it’s the borgoin of a lifetime,
return within 10 doys for full refund of the
eurchose price.

Try 10 Days at Our Risk

  Push-Sutton Stop & Start. Red Sweep-
  Second Hand. Unbreokoble Crystal. Triple
  Chrome Ploted Cose. Shock Resistant. NITf-
  VUE RADIUM GLOW OIAL. Anti-Mog-
  netk Times Siiop work. Times Photography.
  Times Sports. Times Races. Times lab. work.
  T ime* Planes.

  Smart Exponsion
  Bond Included.

  fRtl
  10 DAY
  TRIAL

 I

 I

FREE
10 DAY TRIAL

 Perfect for room to room, house to
 garage, etc. No batteries, no tubes.
 Complete two way telephone sys-
 tem. Works at amazingly long dis-
 tances. Handy pocket size. Elec-
 tronic voice powered. No license
 or permit needed. Two unit* com-
 plete with wire, ready to use.
 Quontity limited.

 Order today.

 WHAT A BUY!

NO CASH
NEEDED

with Your Order

 Every Item Sold On 100% Money Back Guarantee

 Young Products, Dept. 472

 2605 Elmhurst, Detroit 6, Mich.

 Please rush items checked. If I'm not de-
 lighted, I may return my order within 10
 days for full refund of purchase price.

   CHECK ITEMS WANTED I

□	Binoculars S2.98 I

□	Mechanical Watch S8.95 *

   PIUS 90c FED. TAX

□	Walkie-Talkie $3.95 I

  | r~| Send items listtd. I
  ,	will poy postmon

       plus postoge.

 I wont to so*e post-
 oge. I om enclosing
 full payment. Some
 money-bock guar-
 antee applies.

IMAILC0UP0^2
Gown#

  Btil-Seller '
  by I he Author

  ol'lmmottol
  L Wilt-1 /

  1952

  Pulitter

  Prite

  Winner!

  llleitreted
  Guide le
  Beavlilyiitq
  ye or Heme!.

 Y Nfw^
 Guide le
 Good Heelth
 iy e foment
 \Avlhoiity!y

 Oil.

  tiperli’
  Guide le
  All-over
  Btoulf!

  ‘ WhiteSoroge
  Innocenl 01
  ifvt- Seductive
  \ at Ir«! A

THE CAINE MUTINY—Her-
man Wouk. Pulitzer Prize-Win-
ner of 1952—America's most-
n-ail, must discussed novell
"Greatest nuvel jet to come out
of World War II.”—N. Y.
Times, rub. '-(I. *3,05.

THE SARACEN BLADE—
Frank Yerliy. A storm of pas-
sion und adventure from the
palaces of Sicily to the harems
of the Orient I "Yerby's best by
far!”—Chle. Tribune. Pub-
lisher's edition. S3.50.

THE PRESIDENT'S LADY—
Irving Stone. The romantic
story of tlery Andrew Jackson,
and the beautiful, whispered
about woman who married him
and helped him reach the
White House. Pub. ed. S3.5U.

THE GOWN OF GLORY—Agnei
Sligh Turnbull. Iteeapture the
sheer joy of living witli this de-
TiKftful story of an old-fash-
ioned American family—their
good times, struggles and tri-
umphs. Pub. ed. $3.75.

THE HANDY HOME MEDICAL
ADVISER—Morris Fishbein. M.D.

A necessity in every home. In-
I or mat inn oil Hlood rressure. Di-
jrextion. Heart, Dieting. Allergies.
Skin Disorders. First Aid. Com-
mon Diseases, Vitamins, etc. Il-
lustrated.

WHAT A buy! Choose your own bio
Triple-Volume package of entertain-
ing and useful best-sellers—for only
$1. with Dollar Book Club member-
ship. New. Full-size, handsomely
bound books by America’s top
authors!

 COMPLETE BOOK Of BEAUTY & CHARM
 Mary M.lo 6. Jc.m K. Marshall. Improve
 your ficurc. complexion, makeup, hands,
 h;ilr, clothe*. i>ers<>nnllty. etc.—with these
 clear Instructions. Over ICO illustrations.
 Publisher's edition. S3.H5.

HOMEMAKERS
CREATIVE
DECORATING

                      —	Hazel & Julius
                  Rockow. All about
                  color schemes, furni-
                  tuie. styles, arrange-
                  ments. fabric. acces-
                  sories. etc. Fully
                  llluslrated with 2n
                  demonstration rooms
                  in full color!

THE CAPTIVE WITCH-Dale Van Every. Aiiam
Frane knlnappe<l her from on In<linn ramp— ihon
discovered she was □ white Kiri, brought up as a
saviiKe! She forn-ht him like a wildcat, then en-
chanted him with her l»cauty. Pub. ed. S3.50.

MAIL THIS COUPON

Doubleday Dollar Book Club, Dept. IJPFG. Garden City. New York

Please enroll me as a Dollar Book Club member. Send me at once
the 3 books checked below—and bill me ONLY $1 FOR ALL 3. plus
few cents shipping oost:

□	The Caine Mutiny	□ Handy Home Medical Advlier

□	The Captive Witch	D Homemaker, Creative Decorating
3 Complete 8eauty 4 Charm	□ The Preiident'i Lady
0 The Gown of Glory	0 The Saracen Blade

Also send me my first Issue	of "The Bulletin." telling about the
new forthcoming $1* bargain book selections and other bargains

,0'l mav nmifv you In advance If I do not wish either of the follow-
Ing months' Selections. The purchase of hooks Is entirely voluntary ■
on my part. I do not have lo accept a hook every month-only six ■
a year. I pay nothing except $1 for each selection I accept, plus a
few cents shipping cost, (unless I choose an extra-value selection ! ■
NO-RISK GUARANTEE: If not delighted, return all 3
books In 7 dayn and thli membership will be cancelled.	■

Mr.

Mn ...
Mill

Addreu

                                     PImm I
                                     . Print "

City tr

Zone................

•In Canada. *1.10 plus ship
Offer good In t

..........SfoN.............

line, addreaa lOfl Bond 8t.. Toronto t. I
. 8. A. and Canada only

COST OF BEST SELLERS (

Puli. Editions

THE very same titles selling in publishers' rctnil edi-
tions for up to $3.75 comc to Dollar Book Club
members for only Si—an incredibly big saving averag-
ing more than two-thirds on each selection. These sav-
ings are possible because of the huge printings made for
nearly a million members!

Tokc 05 Few os Six Books o Ycor! Membership in
the Dollar Book Club requires no dues of any kind.
You do not even have to take a book every month,
the purchase of as few as six books a year fulfills
your membership requirement!

Stort Enjoying Membership Now! Upon receipt of
coupon at left, you will be sent ANY 3 BOOKS YOU
CHOOSE FROM THIS PAGE FOR ONLY SI. plus
lew cents shipping cost. Two books are your gift for
joining, the other is your first selection. Thereafter,
you will rcceivc regularly the Club’s Bulletin, which
describes the forthcoming SI Club selections, also
occasional extra-value books up to SI.49. But you buy
only the books you want.

Send No Money—Just the Coupon!

  When you see your TRIPLE book package—and
realize the values you will continue to receive from the
Club—you will be delighted to have become a member!
Mail the coupon now. DOUBLEDAY DOLLAR BOOK
CLUB, GARDEN CITY. NEW YORK.