n

MAY 1919

     Price 20c
     * ★

Love in the Jungle

A Vwnderful Novel

By MA\|fREUD DICKENSON

               f

IK':
I.....

Famous Stage
and Photoplay
Stars use and
R ec o nx n\ end
Lash-B row-1 n e

Do YOUR Eyes Express Charm and Beauty?

 An- they framed witli lung, silky, luxuriant eyelashes and well-formed eyebruws? Or.
 art yihi suffering: from the handicap of short, uneven eyelashes and straggling eyebrows?
 I f Nature has heen unkind and denied' you the heritage of those "beauty assets" beauti-
 ful eyelashes and eyebrows you can easily ami quickly overcome this handicap if you
 will use for a short time a little

      Keme/nAer //le/Zf/ZAfame -//s /m//a/ec/

 it nourishes and stimulates ihem in a natural manner. Results will delight and auuue you.
 Stars of stat;i! and screen and wnmcn prominent in societv use and recommend thi* ei-
 ficient preparation. Will VOL' not try ”1 .A SIM'.ROW-1X I*. ?"

  LASH-BROW-1NE is ;i pure. il. Ji. . t.-lv sr«-nl. *l
  ream. yiiar.mtrrd ul»C"lutei\ harmless. rested nnd en-
  itoisrcl by tin- best cln-mistit and ln-.iiit v specialists o(
  XnwMir ,. All fpv.-iln.il.li- ;iid 11. I>.*:i 111\, Thousands
  n;iv« used It su. ssfullv. ivliy not you;

                                                    TWO SIZES, 50c and $1.

                                                   Snd prie<* ;md we: wiii mail you 1 \ i I IlKOU INI”
                                                   and our Beauty Booklet "Tin- \\ on m r.t auiitul ” jm

                                                        o.iid under plum cover. K* inii l*\ <...... ciri'iin , I* >.

                                                         s!amp>. ‘*r liion. v >>rii. r. S»livf.iclion Assured or Prirf Rrlundfd.
 Thr wonderful «uece»* stained by "LASH BROW-lNK” h*i e.»u*ed Hip name lo Kr closely imitated. There i*

                                     Avoid imitation*. R«member llir lull name ”LASH-BROW-INE."

 onlr

 genuine I. ASH-BR OW-INE.”

 Lash - Brow-1ne
Is being imitat-
ed. Remember
the full name
Las h-B r o w-I n e

   Maybell Laboratories,4305 39 Grand Blvd., Chicago

 T: 'ii a'ii $u it'ii 23 InTii'i. •• Y>' Si'S |jg rfi: 5 2 ~r~. SE SjE 92 9292 S3? "\h fiC 32 I'.!. 9292 92 SEE:
MAY, 1919	VOL. VI No. 4

Please address all manuscripts to ‘‘Editor of SAUCY STORIES'’

CONTENTS

LOVE IN THE JUNGLE (complete novelette) . .	May Freud Dickenson . .	3

TRAGEDY .........	Frederick Moxon ...	35

REFLECTIONS OF A VAMPIRE ....	June Gibson ....	36

LIMBERING UP EBEN'EZER.....Harry Irving Shuroway . .	37

DESIRE .........	Hale Mcrriman . . .40

THE GREEN HAT.......V. Omar Whitehead ...	41

WHOSE WAS THE HAND?.....Francis Harmcr ...	47

SHE HAD TO PLAY THE LEAD ....	William Grcnvil ...	51

THE STING OF VICTORY.....Paul Vernier ....	61

DO YOU KNOW?........Arthur Bowie Chrisman . .	63

EXCUSES WE HAVE NEVER HEARD . . .	Otis C. Little ...	64

WHAT LITTLE GIRLS WERE MADE FOR . .	II. Thompson Rich ...	64

"TILL DEATH US DO PART’* (one-act play) . • .	Hilliard Booth ....	65

VERSE (A la Alicc) .......	Murray Leinster ...	72

W'HEN FATHER FORBIDS......Thomas Edgelow ...	73

MAY..........J. R. McCarthy ....	78

HATS ..........	Frank Dorrancc Hopley . .	79

THE DAYS OF OLD...... .	Hale Mcrriman ....	84

LONELY HEART........Harry C. Harvey, Jr. . .	85

MEN ..........	Viola Brothers Shore . .	97

THE THINGS A WOMAN CAN DO . . . .	Karl W. Kessler ...	98

THE LAST JOB ........	Harold de Polo ...	99

A WAR MEMORY .	.....Frederick Moxon . . .106

THE COMET AND THE STAR.....Louiso Winter ....	107

O WOMAN 1 WOMAN!......M. A. Hitchcock . . ..	116

THE FOOL.........Charles Woodstock . . .	117

MY FRIEND.........Karl R. Coolidge . . .120

HER HORRIBLE REVENGE.....Terrell Love Holliday . .	121

EXPLANATION........Virginia Biddle ....	122

MOTION PICTURE DEPARTMENT ....	Alice Glenister .... 123

On sale at all the principal Bookstores, Newsstands. Hotels and Exchanges throughout the world.
Wyndham Martyn, Editor. A. II'. Sutton. President and Treasurer. Wyndhom Martyn, Vice-
President. J. W. Glenisterl Secretary and Circulation Director. The entire contents of this mmjii-
line is protected by copyright and must not be reprimed. Issued monthly by Inter Continental
Publishing Corporation. West iJtll Street, \'eui York City, Slew'York.

YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION $2.00	SINGLE COPIES SO CENTS

Western Advertising Office. Westminster Btdg., Chicago, III.

Copyright, 1910, by Inter-Continental Publishing Corporation.

Entered as second-class matter September 10, 1010, at the Post Office at New York City, N. Y., under

Act of March 3, 1870
From the Editorial Point of View

HERE is an unusually interesting novelette next
month by Elizabeth Walsh called MISS BROAD-
WAY OF NOWHERE. It is the story of Nat
Seccombe, open-handed, young, rich, unscrupulous
and popular. Baby Morrison, the latest beauty on
the theatrical firmament, who is twenty but looks
sixteen, plays a leading part in this gripping novel;
but the best is reserved for Lois, who is almost run
down by the young millionaire’s car. He determines to take her to
the big banquet he is giving to his friends. Against her will she is
dragged in to the brilliant scene and introduced as MISS BROAD-
WAY OF NOWHERE. What happens to her, the love that is
made to her by the wrong and the right sort of men, the jealousy of
the better known beauties, is told in such a manner as to hold one’s
interest to the last sentence.

EXT month we shall begin a series of unusual stories called
THE MAN WHOM LIFE PASSED BY. Wins/on Bouve is
the author and the first of the series is A DAUGHTER OF JOY.
The man whom life has passed by is a rich, lonely cripple who
because of his affliction has awakened love in no woman’s heart.
He lives alone in a big house, rarely going out except at night.
It was on one of these rambles he meets the woman whose pity
he is able to buy.

HE WISE GUY, by Dayton Stoddart, is the amusing story of
Jimmy Tilford who belonged to the class which always has a large
waiting list. A wise guy is one who falls twice as hard and fast
as the rest. Jimmy regarded girls as pleasant playthings to pass
on to the next when their mission so far as he was concerned was
done. Jimmy fell fast and hard as you will find out.

OME TOWN STUFF is a most entertaining story. It is about
Patsy of the Gaiety and William Walker Jackson, who sent
his card to her dressing room by a stage hand. “Did he say
he was a friend of mine?” she asked. “Yeh,” said the stage hand,
“said he was from your home town—Boobville, I think he said.”
Out of this usual beginning an unusual and amusing story grows.
Carolina Jewett wrote it.

Other stories will be by Harold de Polo, C. S. Montanve, Murray Leinster, and
Thomas Edgelow, all of whom are old favorites.
Love in the Jungle

       A Complete Novelette

        By May Freud Dickenson

HODA WALER gazed
eagerly out of tlie first-
class compartment of the
Calcutta-Bombay express.
At last she was really in
India—India, where her
father had spent most of
his life—India, the land of
mystery about which so many of her
dreams had centered—India the mag-
nificent, the gorgeous, with her gold-
trapped elephants, her jeweled temples,
her royal rajahs.

  Her cheeks pressed against the rain-
flecked window pane, the girl saw flat,
water-soaked paddy fields where the
vivid, yellow-green spears of young rice
just pierced the dark muti. Here and
there palm trees or clumps of feathery
bamboo shaded the miserable clustered
mud-huts of the villages. A crumbling
mosque blurred past through the driz-
zling mist of the monsoon.

  Rhoda gave a disappointed little shiv-
er. It was dreary and dirty and ugly,
not a bit like what she had imagined.
Bare, brown, half-naked figures scur-
ried along under soiled white cotton um-
brellas; in the shallow pools along the
railroad track, men and women bathed
in the muddy slime, washed out their
clothes and drew their drinking-water
in terra-cotta jars. She saw huge steel
gray buffaloes, hump-backed bullocks,
scrawny, under-sized cows and herds of
frisking goats. On every station plat-

form were hordes of men in flowing
dhotis and women with rings in their
noses, their ears rimmed with jewelry,
massive anklets on their bare feet, glass
and brass bangles on their arms, their
faces painted with caste marks, their
black, oily hair covered by coarse
draped saris.

  A sense of depression stole over the
girl. Perhaps it was because she was
going to face the unknown—a father
she could not remember and of whom
she knew practically nothing. He had
simply been the source of a generous
quarterly allowance which had given
her all the necessities and put her com-
fortably through college.

  Her mother had died in India and
Rhoda had been sent back to the States
to be reared and educated by an old
aunt; but she had always determined
to come out to India some day and get
to know this father of hers. She had
written him numberless letters telling
that she meant to come, but invariably
his answer had been emphatically to
urge her to stay at home. On her
graduation from Radcliffe, however,
the girl took things into her own
hands.

  She was all alone in the world now,
the old aunt having died and left Rhoda
a modest legacy. This was her chance
to go out to see her father before she
should start teaching school, so as to
earn her own living. She packed her
bags and trunks, wrote her father a
gaily defiant letter announcing her de-

3
4

Love in the Jungle

parture and set off in high spirits for
Barampadar, India.

  And this was the last lap of her long
and wonderful journey. In less than
half an hour she would be there. She
had cabled from Singapore, saying she
was on her way and wired from Cal-
cutta, stating the hour of her arrival.
Of course he would be down at the sta-
tion to meet her. How strange it would
be to see one’s own father for the first
time in fifteen years!

  Rhoda forcibly shook off all gloomy
thoughts and smiled at herself in the
mirror of her vanity case; she hoped he
would like her, find her pretty and rirc£.
Back in Boston, people had been in-
clined to rave extravagantly over the
girl’s delicate charm, but it had never
spoiled her. “My hair’s just a faded
yellow,” she would laugh, “and my poor
nose is so unclassic.” Withal, how-
ever, she was sweet to look on, a slight
bit of a thing, dainty and lovable.

  At last the train pulled in at Rhoda’s
station; the little cars jerked to a stop
and the girl leaned eagerly out of the
window to catch a first glimpse of her
father. She was positive she would
know him from his photographs, if not
from the tumultuous beating of her
heart when they should meet. He would
take her in his arms and kiss her; surely
he would be glad to see her after she
had come such a long, long way.

  The door of her compartment was
thrown open; Rhoda stood ready to get
off. A half a dozen ragged coolies
scrambled into the car, quarreling over
the luggage. The girl jumped to the
ground, looking eagerly about her.

 The usual jabbering crowd of
turbaned natives squatted on their
haunches on the damp platform; half
a dozen lay sprawled out asleep, like
filthy corpses with their faces covered.

  Rhoda noticed anxiously that there
was no one waiting to meet her.

  A sinking sense of alarm seized her

—the bedlam of chattering bewildered
her. Her bags and boxes piled about
her, she looked nervously up and down
the platform.

  •No one seemed to pay the slightest
attention to her except occasionally to
stare into her face with the crudest
curiosity. Rhoda felt the quick tears
burn in her eyes. What was she to do ?
Where was she to go? Her father
might surely have come to meet her or
at least have sent someone.

  A railway guard with a red flap like
a rabbit’s ear protruding from his pur-
garee passed her. Rhoda tried to ask
him if he knew where her father was,
but he understood no English and her
efforts were futile.

  Just as the girl had determined to
abandon her luggage and go to find
someone to whom she could explain
her predicament, she saw a man on
horseback in a white tophee galloping
rapidly toward the station.

  It must be her father hurrying to
welcome her; a lump came into her
throat. She saw him throw himself out
of the saddle and come swiftly to her;
she moved toward him, her hands out-
stretched, her eager little face tender
with emotion.

  But as he came closer she saw with
a start of the keenest disappointment
that it was not, could not be her father.
This man was young and despite the
perfect Europeanization of his riding-
clothes unmistakably a native. His
dark eyes burned in his finely cut
sallow face, his black hair waved back
from his forehead as he raised his
tophee.

  “Miss Waler, I believe,” he said in a
voice in which only the slightest accent
lingered to mar the perfection of the
English. “A thousand pardons for hav-
ing kept you waiting. Your father—”

  “Yes,” she interrupted.

  “Mr. Waler was away so he did not
receive your Calcutta wire. He is ex-
Love in the Jungle

5

pected to return, though, this evening,
so I came to meet you.”

  ‘‘That was very kind of you, Mr.

-?” she hesitated.

  “Das,” he answered. “Ganesh Das.
I am your father’s assistant.”

  They walked through the station to
the rear. He turned to give the coolies
directions in rapid Hindustani and the
contrast in his almost obsequious man-
ner to her, and his harsh imperiousness
in addressing the coolies struck Rhoda
as singularly unpleasant. Of course she
was immensely relieved that he had
come for her, but there was something
scarcely definable about him that she
did not like.

  “I am prejudiced," Rhoda said to her-
self ; “it's only because he isn’t white.”
"I am afraid, Miss Waler,” Das said
regretfully, “it may not be very com-
fortable for you getting to the bungalow
from here. The roads are almost im-
passable or I should suggest a tonga.
However, I believe unless you would
consent to ride my horse, a palky would
be the best way.”

  “I do not ride,” said Rhoda staring
curiously at a large, black, coffin-shaped
box on the ground before them.

  “The Mohammedan ladies use these,”
Das said, tapping the palanquin with
his riding crop, “they are quite purdah
then.” He pushed back a little sliding
shutter.

  “Am I to get in that?” cried the girl
in amazement.

   “I think it is really the best way,” he
answered. “You will be carried and
we’ll make good time.”

  Rhoda could not overcome her re-
luctance to get in; it looked so stuffy
and horrid. Imagine females boxing
themselves up in this absurd fashion
when they wanted to go out. She knew
that women in the East were veiled, but
somehow she thought it belonged more
in fiction than fact.

   Smiling a little at the ridiculousness

qf the situation, she crawled into the
palky and settling herself on the cush-
ions felt the jerking lift as the coolies
picked her up and started off.

  “You will find Barampadar interest-
ing,” he said presently; “you’re in a na-
tive state, right in the heart of the
jungle. The natives are neither Hindu
nor Moslem, but one of the aboriginal
tribes driven back into these hills. They
do not speak Hindustani, but have an
unwritten language of their own. As
yet they are fairly unspoiled and abso-
lutely primitive; you'll see them go out
into the jungle to hunt wild elephants
and leopards, armed with nothing but
poisoned arrows and bows.”

  “How thrilling!” cried Rhoda. “And
are they very ferocious?”

  “Not at all,” he said, “they are quite
tame. The Santals are a very peaceful
people until,” he paused significantly,
“until aroused.”

  Rhoda glanced up at him and sur-
prised on his face a Hash of expression
so utterly malevolent that she caught
her breath sharply. It frightened her,
but in a second it was gone and he was
bending toward her, suave, pleasant and
smiling.

  “Just at present there is a little dis-
turbance simmering,” he continued.
“That is what prevented Mr. Waler
from meeting you.”

  “There’s danger then!” the girl
cried.

  “None,” he answered, “though I am
sure had your father thought that you
would be here so soon he might have
made other arrangements for you.
However,” and his white teeth gleamed
through his full lips, “there’s nothing to
be afraid of, I assure you. The Santals
are not like the war-like border tribes
of whom you are probably thinking.”
Rhoda said no more. She felt vague-
ly disturbed, oppressed as by a forebod-
ing of evil.

  “You are a Radcliffe girl, I believe,”
6

Love in the Jungle

Das said, breaking the short silence. “I
am Harvard, 1909.”

  "Are you?” said Rhoda with forced
cordiality. She was beginning to feel
that there was something presumptuous
about him. She glanced at him critic-
ally, rather resenting the fact that he
should have gone to Harvard. She had
to admit, though, that he cut a distinctly
presentable figure—his clothes were ir-
reproachable, he sat his horse well, his
skin was light in color and yet the girl
told herself, though she could not say
just why, she found him utterly detest-
able.

  “I am sometimes sorry that I left the
States,” Das went on smugly. “I had a
splendid time at college; I won the
swimming championship, my junior
year.”

  He waited for a response from the
girl, but receiving none went placidly
on: “Did you know the Willowthorpes
of Back Bay ? Anne Willowthorpe was
a great friend of mine. A couple of
chaps I know have stayed in Boston;
lots of them have brought back Ameri-
can wives.”

  And then Rhoda was able to define
the subtle antipathy that he roused in
her. It was just that—in his eyes, no
barrier stood between the native and the
white.

  She wished suddenly the jolting ride
would end.

  “You can see the bungalow ahead,”
said the Bengalee; “the mine is just
beyond it.”

. Rhoda looked eagerly. They passed
through a wide, rickety gate into the
compound of a large bungalow with the
dilapidated look which age gives build-
ings in the tropics. Bold red and yel-
low blotched cannas flanked the un-
cared-for garden paths, the marigolds
were rank and overgrown, banana and
papaya trees grew in irregular confu-
sion, but two mighty mangos on either
side of the bungalow loaned it a dig-

nity that its lack of paint and straggly
vines denied it.

  In front of the door, Rhoda got out
of the palky and looked about her The
sun was sinking garishly behind the
purpling hills—the air of neglect and
desolation about the place chilled her.

  “It will be seven o’clock before Mr.
Waler returns,” Das said standing be-
side her, his tophee in his hand. "He
would wish you to go in and make
yourself comfortable.”

  Rhoda slowly climbed the low flight
of steps on to the screened-in verandah.
A half dozen turbaned servants in more
or less immaculate white salaamed as
she entered.

  “Thank you very much for bringing
me here,” said the girl, turning to the
Bengalee, who stood waiting outside.

  “It was a pleasure, Miss Waler,” he
said. “Good evening,” and he walked
away, his horse following him.

  Rhoda let the screen door slam be-
hind her and took a few impatient step9
up and down the porch. A minar bird
in a wicker cage fluttered its wings
drowsily—behind her the “salaam mem-
saliib” of the servants droned in her
ears. She was conscious of the faint
jingle of bracelets and of being watched
by many eyes.

  How she wished her father would
come! How terribly lonely it was here,
surrounded by all these dark, strange
people. She saw the slit of a shutter
move slightly and with a frown fol-
lowed the bearer into her father’s house.

II

  It was nearly seven o'clock when
Rhoda, washed and brushed up after
her trip, stepped out again on to the
screened-in verandah.

  What a dreadful place the bungalow
was! The huge, high-ceilinged rooms
were bleak and ugly as a barracks, un-
cared for and untidy.
Love in the Jungle

7

  The durries on the floors had become
mouldy, the woodwork was half eaten
away by white ants, and spider webs
spanned the punkah ropes, heavy and
gray with dust. Out on the porch the
curtains were tom and hung askew
from the pulleys, a kerosene lamp
smoked on a broken wicker table and
great bugs and bats attracted by the
light within, beat violently against the
screens.

  A restlessness possessed Rhoda. She
went back into the living-room—little
lizards ran over the white washed walls,
where some cigarette ads and a couple
of Gibson girl posters hung crookedly.
A worn card-table, a soot-smeared fire-
place and a couple of tumble-down
chairs completed the furnishings.

  Rhoda went swiftly through the din-
ing-room, out on the back porch,
and then into the deepening twi-
light.

  Suddenly she caught her breath and
gave a little choked cry. A man had
just ridden up on horseback and spring-
ing from the saddle, shouted for the
boy.

  Rhoda stopped a moment in the shad-
ows of the great mango, her hands
clasped over her beating heart. It was
her father. Even in the faint light she
recognized the thin, straight nose and
the close-clipped moustache of the pho-
tograph she had of him at home.

  “Gawan,” he called, cursing so vio-
lently in a mixture of Hindustani and
English that the girl shrank back, terri-
fied.

  Once again he called, and as the na-
tive groom came running forward, still
winding his purgaree about his head,
Waler turned on him fiercely. Rhoda
did not know what he said—she only
saw her father lift his riding crop and
bring it crashingly down on the bare
black shoulders of the native.

  She gave a low cry. A second blow
slashed across the skin of the whimper-

ing wretch as he cowered before Waler
and then led away the pony.

  Rhoda could scarcely creep out from
under the mango. Fear and horror
filled her—what kind of a brute or ty-
rant was this father of hers. She saw
him go up on to the porch, she must go
to him. Just as she moved a step for-
ward Gawan, the syce, passed close by
her, muttering to himself, his fist
clenched vengefully, his dark face livid
with hatred. In the shadows, he turned
about and spat contemptuously toward
the bungalow.

  Rhoda slipped away silently. Her
breath came brokenly, her hand trem-
bled as she lightly pushed open the
screen door. She could see her father
lying back in a great scoop-shaped
lounge-chair, a peg on the wide arm
beside him. He saw her, but made no
motion to get up; instead he looked at
her, hard and steadily, for a full mo-
ment.

  “So you’ve come after all,” he said
brusqttely. “I told you, begged you to
stay at home.” His hands twitched
nervously as he gulped down his whis-
key and soda. “I never imagined you’d
get here so soon,” he concluded irri-
tably.

   His curt tone cut the girl to the heart.
“You are not angry at me for coming?”
she pleaded wistfully. Her impulse was
to fling herself into her father’s arms—
this seemed so strange and cold a greet-
ing after so many years; he must care
for her a little—she was his only child.
She glanced shyly at the lean face over
which the colorless, dried skin seemed
drawn too taut, at the haggard line of
nose and mouth.

  “You’re blonde like your mother,” he
said slowly, shifting himself erect in
his chair. “You should not have come,
though,” he said curtly. “Had I known
in time or received your wire, you
should never have come here; this is no
place for you. There’s not a white
8

Love in the Jungle

woman here, and I'm the only European
for forty miles.”

  ‘'But I didn’t come to be with other
people,” urged Rhoda. “I just want to
stay'with you a little while—to get to
know you—”

  “It’s out of the question,” Waler in-
terrupted. “You do not understand
conditions. We are in India, not in the
U. S. A. There are a dozen reasons
why I can’t have you here—it’s not fit
for you.”

  “But if it’s good enough for you,
father,” she said with trembling lips.

  “Besides, it’s the rainy season,” he
went on impatiently. “This is a regu-
lar fever trap, a pest hole, and if you
want further reasons, just at present
conditions here are upset and decidedly
unsafe.”

  “Please, father,” she persisted, “I do
want to stay; I can do so many things
for you. This place looks as though it
needed a woman—I can be good to you
and make you so comfortable.”

  “You do not know what you’re talk-
ing about,” said Waler, looking nerv-
ously behind him over his shoulder. “I
shall send a chit immediately and wire
Mrs. Townsend in at Tashi to expect
you.”

  Rhoda felt that her heart must break
with the agony of her disappointment.
She could say no more, but stood with
eyes downcast, her hands twisting pa-
thetically.

  “Sit down, sit down,” Waler said
more kindly. “I do not mean to be
harsh, but it was foolhardy of you to
come. There’s no train away from here
until noon tomorrow, and it’s taking a
chance you’re even being here tonight.”
He ran his thin browned hand over his
prematurely white hair and again
glanced furtively behind him as if con-
scious of being under observation. “The
servants made you comfortable?” he in-
quired.. “I was sorry that I could not
meet you.”

  He jerked himself out of the low
chair and stood for a moment in front
of his daughter.

  “I'll go get ready for kama,” he said.
In the doorway he turned back to look
at the girl. “By God, but you’re like
your mother,” he said hoarsely and
went into the house.

  For a moment, Rhoda stood fighting
back her choking sobs. A sense of des-
olation and terrible loneliness overcame
her—her father was angry that she had
come, he had not been glad to see her.
He was making her leave the next day
—he was the only one she had in the
whole world and he did not want her.

  Through her tears she saw a slender
crescent moon, low cradled in the sap-
phire sky—one by one the stars pierced
the darkness. Far off she could hear
the plaintive cooing of the doves, the
howling of the jackals and the monoto-
nous, mournful beat of the tomtoms in
the native village.

  The wfeird fascination of India
seemed to sway over her like a spell.
She took a deep breath of the flower-
scented air, pungent with the odor of
marigolds and stretched out her arms
forlornly. She would have to go away
—leave this land of charm and mystery
and return to Boston prosaically to
teach school. It was all that was left
for her to do. She dabbed her tear-
stained eyes and stiffened her quivering
lips.

  “I don’t want to leave India,” she
murmured rebelliously just as the clam-
or of many voices reached her ears. She
looked out through the screens; a half a
dozen lanterns were moving rapidly to-
ward the bungalow and their flickering
light showed up an excited, gesticula-
ting group hurriedly approaching.

Ill

  A thrill of nervous excitement
seized Rhoda. The word “danger"
seemed to reverberate through her brain
Love in the Jungle

—the insinuation of trouble in what the
Bengalee had told her and her father’s
outspoken hint came forcibly to her.

  The lantern light flashed on thin,
black limbs and then Rhoda was able to
distinguish a half a dozen coolies, some
babus, their shirt-tails hanging loose, a
little man in European clothes and Ga-
nesh Das.

  “Good evening, Miss Waler,” the
Bengalee said courteously.

  The little Parsee raised the queer,
stiff, black cap he wore and bowed
deeply.

  “Mr. Waler has returned,” he said.
“May we see him?”

  Rhoda heard her father’s voice be-
hind her. “Well,” he snapped irritably,
“what’s the row now?”

  “These junglies report,” said Das,
pointing to the coolies, naked except
for a strip of loin cloth, their long black
hair lying on their shoulders or twisted
into a pug at the back of the neck, “that
Peripadar, three miles away, has just
been looted and burned.”

  “The Knot has been sent here, sir,”
the Parsee added. His face was drawn
with fear and his limbs shook.

  Groans of abject terror rose from the
group about him; the store babu, his
eyes bulging, wrung his hands; the doc-
tor babu clutched his orange cashmere
shawl about him, shivering miserably.

  “So the Knot has been sent here, eh?”
Waler repeated thoughtfully. “You’re
sure, Pestonjee?”

  “Absolutely certain, sir,” the little
Parsee quavered. “These coolies of
mine have told mo five police also, sir,
have been killed. Miss Waler, if I may
be excused, should on no account re-
main here.”

  Waler chewed viciously at the ragged
end of his gray moustache. Then he
turned to his daughter. “You must not
be alarmed, my dear,” he said, his eyes
blazing contemptuously. “These people
are the most wretched, whining, ex-

citable cowards on earth. Sure, Peston-
jee.” he sneered, “it was only five po-
lice, not twenty-five, they killed?”
“Positively, sir,” returned the Parsee,
“the brother of this man here saw three
of them lying dead in the bazaar witli
their throats cut from ear to ear. I
assure you, sir, the mawaris all fled,
taking their families with them, but one
who stayed behind was driven into his
house with his wife and children and
the place burnt about them.” Beads of
sweat stood out 011 the forehead of the
little man; he was spokesman for the
others, who shuddered at the tale.

  “They broke into the treasury of the
Maharajah and took a lak of rupees,”
Pestonjee hurried 011, “and we have
several thousands in the safe to pay off
the coolies.”

  Throughout all the excited, high-
pitched talk Ganesh Das stood slightly
aside, a superior smile on his lips as if
in this crisis to emulate the poise and
calm of the white man.

  “The station babu,” Pestonjee went
on. “has taken his family to hide in the
jungle.” He gazed again significantly
at the girl, then his own anxiety re-
overwhelming him, he mopped his head.
“The money, sir—what is to be done
about that ? They know I have it here
—if I hide it they will torture me till I
give it up.”

  “Shut up your infernal whimpering,”
snarled Waler. “Go back to your
quarters, you’ll be safe enough.” He
paused dramatically. “I've wired for
help already. There will be troops here
011 a special tonight.”

  The relief of Pestonjee and the babus
was not less extreme than had been
their distress. They began chattering
eagerly, gesticulating wildly, their teeth
gleaming in smiles of satisfaction. Only
the Bengalee seemed unmoved, and
Rhoda, glancing down curiously at this
demonstration of unrepressed emotion,
saw again on his face that malevolent
10

Love in the Jungle

expression that had startled her in the
afternoon.

  “The troops are expected here to-
night, sir?” lie asked quietly.

  “Yes,” Waler said, and turning on his
heel, strode back into the bungalow.

  The very suaveness of Das’ voice
seemed to fill the girl with alarm. Some-
thing underhand and sinister threatened
them—something terrible was going to
happen.

  It was as if the exaggerated fear of
the natives had communicated itself to
the girl. She saw the little group melt
hurriedly away into the darkness; only
the Bengalee lingered.

  “I hope. Miss Waler,” he said, “you
are not distressed by all this excite-
ment.”

  “I’m not,” she answered; “but what
is this Knot they are talking about?”

  “It is a symbol among these Santals
—a few cotton threads dipped, I be-
lieve, in camphor and tied in a knot. It
is sent at night from village to village,
from house to house. It binds them to
stick together for whatever may happen.
In my province, Bengal, they send five
mango leaves, some chillies and a pinch
of salt. It usually means trouble.”

  “What is the matter now?” asked
Rhoda.

  “Some new forest and liquor taxes
Heckers, the Political Agent, has just
put into force. They are thoroughly
aroused about it, for they in their primi-
tive way, too, believe in India for the
Indians.”

  Rhoda remained silent for a moment.
There was a veritable threat in his
words “India for the Indians.” Ter-
rible tales she had read of the Mutiny
drifted through her brain.

  In the half light his eyes blazed wild-
ly, then suddenly, as if recalling him-
self, he added in a low voice, “For
speaking as I have done to you, were I
to be overheard they might send me to
the Andaman Islands. There are many

of us in exile, such is the tyranny under
which we suffer.”

  "But,” argued Rhoda, “I have always
read and heard that English rule was
the salvation of India.”

  “We cannot drive the European out
of India,” he said, “but there is one
simple solution of the problem.”
“What is that ?” asked Rhoda.
“Intermarriage,” he answered quickly,
“the breaking down of the false barrier
between race and race.”

  Instinctively the girl shrank from
him, all the innate pride of blood and
birth flaming in her delicate face.

  “You,” he went on passionately,
“lovely and young and beautiful—why
should you not stay among us, be one
of us? I loved you the moment I saw
you. My blood seemed turned to fire,
my heart to flames—all my life I have
waited for that divine thrill. The
women of my country cannot stir my
senses as you have done ; you with your
skin of milk and pale roses, your hair
of gold, your face uncovered—I shall
give you jewels, everything—”

  “Stop!” cried the girl fiercely, her
lips quivering with indignation. “How
dare you speak to me like this! I shall
tell my father.”

  “Your father,” he sneered. “Yes,
tell your father. Ask him what he
thinks of intermarriage.”

  “At home,” Rhoda said in a low
voice, “you would be horsewhipped for
this. Good night.”

  She turned sharply on her heel but
he caught her wrist and drew her to-
wards him.

  “You do not know what you say,
Miss Waler," he cried thickly. “Do not
be rash. Dangers surround you of
which you know nothing. Your father
for years has been harsh and cruel to
the coolies here; they are going to have
their revenge, and you will share it un-
less you let me protect you.”

  “You coward!” she breathed. “Let
Love in the Jungle

11

go rny wrist or I shall call ray father.”

  “You shall listen to me yet,” he said
in her ear. “You and I shall taste to-
gether the sweets of Indian love.”

  With all her slight strength the girl
wrenched herself from his hold and,
trembling with rage and revulsion, fled
back into the bungalow.

IV

  It was ten o’clock when Rhoda, wear-
ied and discouraged, crept under the
canopy of the mosquito net into her
bed.

  She was too excited and upset to
sleep, but lay tossing restlessly under
the slow swing of the squeaking punkah.

  It seemed that she lay there hours,
when the roar of a train speeding
through the night startled her.

  It. must be the special with the troops
her father had spoken of.

  She sat up, her two braids of light
hair falling over her shoulders and giv-
ing her small face a wistfully childlike
look. She was inexpressibly glad they
had come; now her father would be
safe from the coolies who threatened
him and Das could not harm her. She
listened sharply—then in a short while
again she heard the clamor of many
voices, and through her wide French
window she could see the flicker of lan-
terns, moving toward the bungalow.

  Slipping on her kimono, Rhoda stood
up in the bed, afraid to step down again
on the treacherous floor. She could
hear the regular tramp of booted feet
on the path outside, then the slam of the
screen door and a man’s voice calling,
“Waler—Waler.”

  There was no reply. Rhoda clutched
her kimono closer. She had left her
father in the living-room; he told her
that he would sit up and wail until the
soldiers came; he had probably fallen
asleep or gone to bed.

“I say, Waler!” the voice called out

again more impatiently — and again
there was no answer.

  “I must go see,” said Rhoda, and
screwing up her courage she cautiously
got into her sandals and hurried out
through the window onto the veran-
dah.

  A tall man in khaki shorts started in
astonishment at sight of the girl.

  For a flustered second, Rhoda was
conscious of her hanging braids and
negligee, then shuffling a few steps for-
ward looked up at him. “I am Mr.
Waler’s daughter,” she said a little
nervously. “I think my father must be
asleep.”

  “My name’s Goring,” he answered.
“I did not expect to find a memsahib
here,” he frowned anxiously.

  “No, I just came,” said Rhoda. “I’ll
go find my father.”

  She went into the living-room of the
bungalow; across the old card-table
Waler lay sprawled, an empty whiskey
bottle beside him, a broken glass on the
floor at his feet.

  “Father, father,” cried the girl,
“wake up, dear. The soldiers have
come.” She tried to shake him with
her cold little hands, but she could not
stir his limp weight. Quick, mortified
tears filled her eyes. He was drunk—
her father! No one must know; she
would go out and tell this stranger that
he was sick and could not see him.

  She moved slowly back to where Gor-
ing stood waiting. His broad shoulders
and muscular bulk seemed to tower
above her.

  “Father is not well,” she said with
trembling lips. “I am afraid he cannot
see you.”

  “That is too bad,” he answered quiet-
ly. “Is he very ill? It is rather im-
portant that I have a few words with
him.”

  Something kind in his voice, the gen-
tleness in his keen eyes behind his
glasses, broke down the bitterness of
12

Love in the Jungle.

Rhoda’s pride. She was alone—so des-
perately alone. “Come,” she said,
beckoning him into the bungalow, “he’s

here.”

  There was something tremendously
pathetic to Goring about this slight bit
of a girl standing before him, her head
tilted high and the tears running down
her cheeks. He bent over the prostrate
man for a moment.

  "I’ll just take him off to bed, Miss
Waler,” he said, feigning a cheerfulness
of manner he was far from feeling. “I
know the way, I’ve been here before.”
He picked Waler up in his strong
arms and carried him into the next
room.

  In a moment or two he was back
again. “He’ll be quite all right in the
morning,” he said, dropping the purdah
behind him, “but it is most awkward.
I am afraid I shall have to leave you in
command here, Miss Waler.”

  “Yes,” said Rhoda. His very pres-
ence soothed and comforted her, his
clever, kindly face gave her strength
and courage.

  “I’m an I. C. S. man—that means,”
he explained, “Indian civil service. I
am on my way now to try and settle
this unrest among these natives, before
they do any more damage. Heckers has
quite lost touch with affairs, but there’s
a Bengalee babu at the bottom of this;
there always is when there’s any trou-
ble in India.” He paused a moment to
run a firm hand over his brown hair;
then his quick, decisive voice went on,
“If Waler hadn’t been pretty certain of
a disturbance here, he’d have been the
last man to have wired for help. I
shall leave six of my Gurkas down in
the village and four up here to guard
the bungalow; it is absolutely every
man I have to spare. Usually when
these junglies know there are troops
about they do not come; however, I be-
lieve you will be safe till you can get
away on tomorrow’s noon train. San-

tals don’t generally travel in the
dark.”

  Rhoda’s wide blue eyes met his
bravely.

  “Now, Miss Waler, I must go. I am
obliged to get to Peripadar tonight,” he
spoke almost reluctantly.

  “Oh, you’re going away?” cried the
girl, her courage suddenly ebbing.

  “I only wish I could stay,” he said
gravely. “I do not relish the idea of
leaving a white woman here with really
no protection. You can trust these
Gurkas, but this is India. Can you use
a gun, Miss Waler ?”

  “No,” said Rhoda with a little
shiver.

  “It’s a wise precaution to have one,”
said Goring, “though you may not use
it.” He took a small 32-Colt out of his
hip pocket and laid it on the table. “It’s
loaded—all you do is to point it at what-
ever you want to hit and pull the trig-
ger.”

  “It sounds horrible,” said the girl.
“I’ll try to—if I must.”

  “Good! I’ll be much easier in my
mind now about leaving you; if there
should be any trouble or you be in any
danger, I shall leave my chiprosee here.
He will carry any message you may
wish to send me—and remember I shall
be only three miles away at the Peripa-
dar bungalow. And now good-bye and
good luck, Miss Waler.”

  He turned slowly on his heel to leave
her. The girl watched him go with de-
spairing reluctance—he seemed her one
hope and refuge—he looked so big and
strong and able to do things. She noted
his khaki shirt unbuttoned at the throat,
the firm line of the jaw, the shrewd,
clever brown eyes behind his glasses. It
was very weak of her, but she did so
wish that he did not have to go and
leave her..

  Goring stopped on the threshold,
seemingly as anxious to stay as she was
to have him, The girl made an appeal-
Love in the Jungle

13

ing picture in her dark blue kimono,'her
fair hair smoothed back from her fore-
head in sleep-tossed little curls.

  ‘‘Remember, if you need me, I’m not
very far away,” he said, coming back
toward her and holding out his hand.
“I am very glad to have met you, Miss
Waler.”

   Rhoda’s cold little fingers slipped into
his warm clasp. “Good-bye, Mr. Gor-
ing,” she said in a low voice.

  Goring was suddenly conscious of the
absurdity of these formalities. He
knew with absolute certainty that he
would not be able to shake off the spell
af this girl’s troubled blue eyes. It was
not easy to go away and leave her—she
was so young, so helpless, so sweetly
pretty, and the first white woman he
had seen in weeks. Then a stern sense
of duty crushed down the vain dreams
the sight of Rhoda had awakened.
Women could have no place in his life;
he was a wanderer, an adventurer—a
man who drifted into wild places and
did reckless things. It would be differ-
ent were there aiiy immediate hopes of
his being made a Political Agent; then
there would be a pucca home and posi-
tion for his wife, now there was noth-
ing to it but for him to say good-bye
and try to forget her.

  “Promise me,” he said, compromising
with his own anxiety, “that you will not
remain here after tomorrow.”

  “Why do you all want me to go away
from here?” she cried, fighting back her
tears. “My father is the only person I
have to care for in all the world; I
have come so far to be with him. It
seems cruel that you won’t let me
stay.”

  For one wild moment Goring longed
to snatch her up in his arms and carry
her off with him, away from her
drunken and depraved fatter, out of
this house of danger and shame.

  “There are many reasons why you
should not be here,” he said sternly.

“The jungly trouble is not the only one.
Please believe me, I am not intruding,
but mean it for your good.”

  “I am sure you do,” said Rhoda hope-
lessly, “but you are troubling yourself
too much about me.”

  “We few white people in India,” he
answered, “are bound together by a
bond of brotherhood closer than you
caii realize. And a girl like you com-
ing here, so sweet and fresh, is some-
thing very rare and precious—we must
guard you most tenderly.”

  There was something so fine, so gen-
tle in the tone that Rhoda gazed at him,
admiration kindling in her eyes. Here
was a man a woman could look up to
and adore.

  Perhaps he read the thoughts reflect-
ed on her expressive little face for
something of her own emotion leaped
within him.

  How fine she was and how game—
what a plucky little fighter she was!
The impulse to gather her slender body
in his arms and dry her tears with kisses
nearly mastered Goring. He pulled him-
self together with an effort; this was
neither the time nor the place to add to
her problems.

  “Good-bye again, Miss Waler,” he
said. “I hope to see you some time soon
in Tashi.”

  “Good-bye and thank you,” Rhoda
said faintly and watched him as he went
out of the bungalow and the screen
door banged behind him.

  Then she threw herself into a chair
by the table and sobbed bitterly. His
coming and going away had left her
more alone and desolate than ever.
Suddenly her fingers fell on something
cold and hard; she started shudderingly
and looking down saw she had touched
the revolver Goring had given her. For
a full moment she stared at it fearfully
and then unaccountably caught it up
and pressing it to her lips, kissed it
passionately.
14

Love in the Jungle

 V

  A groan from her father’s room
brought the thought of him sharply and
reproachfully to her mind. He was ill.
She must go to him.

  The chill midnight damp seemed to
creep into her bones as she went into
his room. Lying on an iron cot under
the punkah was her father; his eyes
were closed but his lips were mumbling
curses. Beside him stood a charpoy or
native bed of rough wood and woven
twine.

  In the dim light of an oil wall-lamp
Rhoda saw only her father’s drawn
face, his twitching hands, his huddled
limbs. She hurried to his side, bending
tenderly over him, moved to love and
overwhelming pity for him. She *
reached out and as her hand lay lightly
on his forehead she was sharply aware
of the jingle of bangles and a squatting
native woman rose from the other side
of the cot and faced Rhoda.

  She was still young and her black
eyes glowed boldly in her dark face. A
pink silk sari had half-fallen back from
her oily, straight hair; a dozen silver
rings rimmed the lobes of her ears, a
heavy gold ornament hung on her
breast, her arms were covered with
bangles and her lips crimson with the
smear of betel nut.

  For a moment Rhoda looked at her
breathless, then the full, degrading sig-
nificance of this woman’s presence at
her father’s side broke upon her—this
black and shameless creature standing
in her dead mother’s place. A cold
rage possessed her—she pointed to the
door with a trembling hand.

  “Go,” she said in a low tone.

  The woman looked at her with suilen
defiance but made no move to leave the
room.

  “I told you to go,” Rhoda repeated.

  Her voice or the touch of her hand
roused the man on the bed. He opened

his bloodshot eyes wearily, then the
agony in his daughter’s white and pit-
eous face seemed-to rouse him. He
turned fiercely on the native woman.

  “Jao!” he cried hoarsely. “Jao 1” and
burst into a torrent of Hindustani
curses.

  The woman slinked back a pace along
the wall, her vicious, evil eyes fixed on
the girl, her lips muttering threats.

  “Jao!” shouted Waler, sitting up in
bed. His clenched fist raised, he struck
out at the woman; she shrank cowering
before the blow, then lifting her arms
above her head gave a shrill, terrible
cry and glided out of the room.

  Rhoda clung to the side of the cot,
trembling.

  “I married her,” Waler moaned, sink-
ing back on the pillow, “God knows
why, but a man goes mad out here
alone. She’s ruined me, dragged me
down till my own kind shrink from me.
It’s what has kept me all these years
down in this hole, shunted off on to a
siding.” He clutched the girl’s hand,
his ravaged, haggard face taking on a
look of animal cunning. “Come closer,”
he whispered; “she’s always spying and
listening—I’m afraid of her. You don't
know what these people are. God!
Oh, God! She gives me hemp to keep
me in her power; it steals away the
brains—steals them away. But I can’t
get rid of her; it’s terrible, isn’t it,
Rhoda?” he groaned, hiding his face in
his shaking hands, then drew the girl
still closer. “Be careful,” he breathed ;
“watch your every move. Don’t eat or
drink anything the bawarchi himself
does not bring you. She’ll have it in
for you now ; she’ll kill you if she can—
she’s afraid you’ll take me away from
her. Thank God by tomorrow you’ll be
gone.”

  “And you, father!” cried the girl,
dinging herself on her knees beside him.
“You are coming away, too. You're
coming back home with me, away from
Love in the Jungle

15

this horrible place; you’ll come, father,
dear—won’t you? I’ll make you happy
—so happy.”

  “No,” he said, shaking his gray head
sorrowfully, “it’s too late—too late.
It’s got me—the fever and booze and
the dope—I’m not fifty, but I am an
old and broken man. It’s too late.”
“It’s never too late, father, dear,”
cried the girl.

  “I told you it had got me,” he an-
swered impatiently. “I can’t last long
and if it won't be that way these jung-
lies have had it in for me for years.
A poisoned arrow’ll do for me one day
—the sooner, the better.” He sighed
heavily. Then roused himself again.
“Goring and the troops,” he snapped.
“They haven’t come—damn him if he
doesn’t get here on time.”

  “Mr. Goring has been here,” said
Rhoda. “He has left six Gurkas in the
village and four to guard the bungalow.
He has gone on to Peripadar.”

  “Thank God!” muttered Waler,
“you’ll be all right now; but watch
Rani—they’re treacherous as snakes.”
His eyes drooped wearily. “I’m tired
—tired—I think I shall sleep.” He
rolled on his side and through tear-
blinded eyes the girl saw that he was
again asleep.

  She tried kneeling on the cold con-
crete floor to pray. For a long time
she crouched, murmuring incoherent
and passionate appeals to God to save
her father, lying before her, body and
brain wrecked by sin and disease. She
would again beg hi mi implore him to
come away with her—he would be un-
able to resist her, and then together they
should leave this strangely beautiful yet
terrible country.

  Out through the window she saw the
stars, shining above the darkness of the
mango tree—it seemed somehow a sym-
bol of hope and happiness.

  Her thoughts drifted to Goring riding
out under those stars into danger. His

name fell softly from her lips in a half-
unspoken prayer and she wondered if
she would ever see him again. Sudden-
ly she began to shiver; she rose swiftly
to her feet; she must go back to bed or
she would get fever and be ill.

  Stooping over her father, she gently
smoothed his rumpled pillow and kissed
his forehead; then went silently out of
the room.

  On the card-table Goring’s revolver
was still lying. Perhaps if she put it
under her pillow she might have sweet
dreams. She picked it up firmly, smi-
ling a little at her own courage, and
pushing aside the purdah started to go
into her room.

VI

  A slight, breathless noise behind her
and the muffled jingle of a bracelet
startled her. She wheeled about and
just in time to escape the upraised knife
in the clenched brown fist of Rani, the
native woman.

  The girl gave a sharp cry and back-
ing against the wall faced the woman
with horror-stricken eyes. Rani’s
bosom beneath the pink sari heaved tu-
multuously, her face was a livid mask
of writhing passion, her eyes blazed
with hate and a merciless revenge.

  Rhoda knew she was face to face
with a treacherous death; she tried to
scream out, but her voice choked in her
throat. The woman glided closer, her
breath coming pantingly through her
crimson blotched lips; then she gath-
ered herself leopard like for a spring.

  Rhoda’s fingers with subconscious in-
stinct tightened on the gun she held in
her hand. She raised it unsteadily,
“Don’t,” she whispered, “or I shall
shoot.”

  The maddened native woman leapt
upon her—Rhoda pulled the trigger,
dizzily aware of a stabbing pain in her
arm. There was the report of the gun
16

Love in the Jungle

and then through the lifting smoke the
girl saw Rani fleeing from the room.

  Rhoda’s brain was reeling. She stag-
gered against the wall, the gun fell from
her rigid, nerveless fingers and when
she raised her hand to the burning pain
in her arm, she took it away red with
dripping blood.

  For a moment, she fought for her
self control. How still it was! Why
had no one come at the report of the
gun; it had not even wakened her fath-
er. How fearfully silent the night was!
Then she remembered her arm, she
must wash it out and bind up the
wound; she must call the boy to have
him bring her some warm water. The
punkah walla or the chokidar must hear
her.

  She raised her voice calling for the
boy, but no one came to her.

  She sank into a chair and bunching
the folds of her kimona against her
bleeding arm, sobbed forlornly.

  She heard her name called from the
doorway and looking up saw Das, the
Bengalee.

  “Can I be of any assistance, Miss
Waler?” he inquired, coming toward
her.

  Rhoda stared at him, bewildered.
How had he come there ? Had he heard
the shot?

  “I was just on my way to warn you;
you must leave here immediately,” he
said, answering her unspoken question;
then noting her pallor and the blood-
stained kimona, he bent over her. “You
have been wounded, hurt,” he cried
sharply. “I said you were not to be
injured,” he broke olf abruptly, under
his breath.

  “Please send one of the servants for
the doctor,” said Rhoda weakly.

  “Your servants have all run away.
Miss Waler—and the doctor as well;
the village is entirely deserted. You
had better let me help you bind up
your arm and then come, too.”

  He moved into the dining room, tak-
ing a napkin from the drawer of the
dinner wagon and filling a finger bowl
with water from the filter; then he came
back'to the girl and pulling back the
sleeve of her kimona, bathed the ugly,
gaping cut.

  “It’s only a flesh wound,” he said,
working with almost frenzied haste.

  Rhoda was too dizzy to make the
slightest resistance, but his touch filled
her with antagonism. He bound up her
arm with his handkerchief. “There is
not a moment to be lost, Miss Waler,”
he said, “the junglies are coming—they
will be here, perhaps, within an hour.
You must not remain here.”

  His excited manner left Rhoda con-
temptuously cool. “I could not think
of leaving my father,” she answered,
“he is ill.”

  “You do not realize,” Das cried,
“thousands of them will pour in by
dawn. Even I can not say to what ex-
tremes they will go; they get drunk and
there is no controlling them.” His eyes
glazed with fear, “they burn, kill, de-
stroy most horribly. They have sworn
vengeance on your father—and you are
his daughter.”

  “My father must go also, then,” said
Rhoda.

  “Thousands of them,” Das raved on,
“moving silently as the tiger through
the jungle. Come, there is not a minute
to waste—I alone can save you, they
will not harm me. Come!”

  He laid his hapd eagerly on the girl’s
arm.

  “No,” she cried, flinging off his hold.
Her thoughts flew to Goring. “There
are Gurkas here, we shall not be hurt."

  “Gurkas,” he sneered, “six against
six thousand. Do you think they are
so mad as to face certain death ? They
have heard and seen what happened to
the police at Peripadar; they, too, will
flee and leave you."

  “They will not do that,” Rhoda said
Love in the Jungle

17

resolutely, keeping Goring’s words in
mind, though despite herself her hopes
were sinking. Suppose these men
should prove faithless, what would be-
come of her and her father?

  “Come with me,” the Bengalese
pleaded, “and I promise you your
father shall not be harmed. If you re-
fuse me, his throat shall be slit and
this bungalow razed to the ground.”
His voice and eyes were ugly with pas-
sion.

  “You can not frighten me,” said
Rhoda, the blood of her fighting fore-
fathers stirring in her veins. “We
shall not be harmed and I shall not go
with you.”

  “You shall,” he cried; “you shall
come with me and be mine—mine.
Even as your father married one of us
so shall you marry me, my beautiful.”

  “Leave this house,” said the girl, ris-
ing unsteadily to her feet.

  For answer he seized her in his arms,
forcing back her head until the cords
stood out in her slender throat. In the
struggle to free herself the flimsy ki-
rnona was turn open and she could feel
his eyes revelling in her white shoul-
ders and arms.

  “Let me go,” she panted. She was
weak and dizzy from loss of blood; she
swayed in his rough gasp; she felt his
passionate kisses burning on her lips.

  A physical revulsion seized the girl.
With one desperate effort she shoved
his gloating face from her own and
screamed with every ounce of her re-
maining strength. The shrill, piercing
note reached the drug befuddled senses
of the man on the bed in the next room;
he stirred uneasily, puzzling over what
had awakened him.

  “My queen, my jewel!” cried the
Bengalee. He forced the girl toward
the door with him, her slight body
crushed in his arms.

  “Father, father,” sobbed the girl;
“oh, my God!”

  S.—May—2

  The low, despairing cry roused Wa-
ler. He stumbled to his feet, trying to
place the terrible sound; his shaking
hand groped toward his dull, aching
head. Then suddenly he remembered
Rhoda—it was her voice he ha heard,
a woman’s scream of terror. He
sprang toward the door, tearing down
the purdah.

  For a second he stood, a wild and
disheveled figure, the bloodshot eyes
glaring in his ghastly, haggard face;
then the wasted, ruined manhood with-
in him, roused and redeemed, he flung
himself on Das, crashing into his face
with his great clenched fist and shout-
ing curses at him.

  “Take your hands off my daughter
or I’ll brain you,” he yelled, “you dirty
nigger, you.” His hands clutched the
Bengalee’s throat; for a moment they
swayed, locked like two jungle beasts.
Then the color in Das’ face slowly
thickened and darkened; he let slip his
hold of the girl, his tongue protruded,
his blackening lips tried to plead for
mercy.

  “Father,” cried Rhoda, “do not kill
him.” She caught hold of his arm, try-
ing to loosen his grip.

  “Death’s too good for him,” panted
Waler, and catching the Bengalee under
the jaw, flung him heavily to the
floor. He lay there stunned and bleed-
ing-

  “We must not stay here,” cried the
girl breathlessly, “the natives are com-
ing. He said they would be here in an
hour—and kill you.”

  “I’ll not run from a cowardly pack of
swine,” cried Waler violently, “my gun
will send a hundred flying; I’ll pot
them as they come.” He laughed wildly
then turned sharply to the girl, “this
is no place for a woman, Rhoda, you
must go. They’re ugly brutes,” he
kicked the Bengalee lying at his feet.
Once again the old energy animated
him; he shook the grizzled hair out of
18

Love in the Jungle

his eves and wiped his sweat-beaded
forehead.

  “Goring left some Gurkas here, you
say—four to guard the bungalow. My
God, I’ve been dreaming of the fight
we’d have, those little chaps and me
against the junglies—but you must
take them, they’ll guard you till you get
to Goring. He'll see you safe into
Tashi; I’ll wire Mrs,. Townsend you’re
coming; she’ll be good to you. Now
go hurry and dress yourself. You’ll
have to ride my pony—there’s nothing
but a kutcha road. You’ll find an old
riding habit in the bottom of the almirah
in your room. Put it on—it was your
mother’s.”

  He half shoved the girl toward the
door. She clung to him.

  “Father, you will come, too,” she
pleaded. “You are sending me away
with your only means of protection.
You’ll be here all alone.”

  “Nonsense,” he said, “they’ll steer
clear enough of the bungalow when they
know Sam Waler’s inside with his pop
gun. Go now, I’ll be easier in my mind
when you’re out of this cursed hole
and if I’m here they’ll not follow you.”
Rhoda felt the purdah drop behind
her. In the bottom of the almirah she
found the old riding habit, moth-eaten
and faded. She slipped into it with
trembling hands, then picking up the
bag she had scarcely unpacked, hurried
back to her father.

  He was just leading up a gray Bhutia
pony in front of the bungalow. His
gaunt face was drawn with anxiety.

  “Gawan was’t there, though I’d swear
I saw that confounded syce skulking
behind the well," he muttered. At
sight of Rhoda an almost tender line
curved his thin lips.

  “You’ve brought your mother back
to me,” he said slowly “I thought I’d
forgotten her years ago.”

  “Father, dear,” the girl said solemn-
ly, “promise me you will come away

with me when this trouble is over.
Promise me you’ll come home.”

  He lifted her into the saddle. “Yes,”
he answered, “if it comes out all right,
I’ll go home.”

  She leaned toward him; for a moment
her soft cheek lay against his. Then
he led her along the garden path
through the compound.

  “Hold on tight and go slow,” he said.
“Don’t be nervous.”

  At the rickety gate a little Gurka
sergeant advanced smartly to the salute.
Waler gave his orders crisply.

  “Achcha sabi,” the Gurka replied,
his beady Chinese eyes snapping.

  “And if harm comes to the mem-
sahib,” Waler ended, “Goring sahib
will have the life of each and every one
of you. Go now and go swiftly.”

  The Gurka saluted, clicked his heels
and shouted for his men. They came
silently, little brown men in khaki; they
formed themselves into a bodyguard,
two on each side of Rhoda’s horse.

  “Good-bye, my girl,” said Waler.
“God bless you,” and he looked away
toward the lifting gray behind the hills
in the east.

  Sobs choked Rhoda. She felt the
ponv being led away and looking back
through her tears, tried in vain to wave
a last good-bye to the lank, wasted fig-
ure watching her go under the fading
stars.

  For a long while Waler stood looking
after the girl until the curve of the
nullah shut her from sight. He sighed
heavily—she would be safe; the jungle
would hide her, the Gurkas protect her,
Goring see her safely to Tashi. How
like her mother she was with her blue
eyes and pale gold hair—she brought
back to him the blue skies of Massa-
chusetts and the sea breeze, stirring the
lilacs and apple blossoms in Spring.

  Perhaps she was right and it was
not too late after all; she would lead
him back to the old life. The light of
Love in the Jungle

19

the coming day fell softly on the thin
face from which all the harshness had
vanished.

  “Dawn is here,” thought Waler, “the
junglies will be coming.” He turned
quickly on his heel to go back to the
bungalow for his gun.

  A swish in the grass, the snap of a
twig, the flash of a dark body from be-
hind the wide trunk of a mawa tree,
then the whir of a poisoned arrow
speeding through the dawn pierced
Wale; to the heart.

  "Damn,” he snarled, falling heavily
against the rickety gate as noiselessly
through the thick jungle Gawan, the
syce, his wrongs avenged, fled to lose
himself among the hordes of advancing
Santals.

VII

  Rhoda Waler clung desperately on
to the little Bhutia pony. She had never
ridden before and the trail was rough
and uncertain.

  Black spots began to dance before
Rhoda’s eyes—she felt a desperate de-
sire to slip to the ground. A sinking
faintness overcame her; half lying 011
the Bhutia’s back she felt herself carried
along. Pains shot down her neck and
back, her forehead burned, her throat
was parched and dry.

  Far ahead the noisy quarreling of
thousands of ravens hovering like an
inky cloud over the Peripadar with its
dpad cattle and scattered stores, roused
the girl. Then she noticed that her
pony had stopped in front of a large
mud hut, the roof heavily thatched with
dried rice grass, the tiny windows
barred, iron bolts clanking on the door.
A huge elephant chained to the trunk of
a sal tree, swayed restlessly.

  “Dak bungalow hie, memsahib,” the
little Gurka said, saluting.

  Rhoda tried to climb to the ground.
Everything swam before her, but she

was sharply aware of the figure of a
man in khaki hurrying toward her. She
raised her heavy, smarting eyes, trying
to call out his name; then she slid from
the saddle to be caught in Goring’s
strong arms.

  “Miss Waler!” he cried, holding her
tenderly as he carried her into the
bungalow.

  It was bare inside except for Goring’s
camp furniture. He laid her 011 the
canvas cot; she was limp and utterly
exhausted and her small white face was
pinched with pain.

  Goring raised her hand gently, pour-
ing some water through her pale lips.
It revived her a little; she looked up
at him gratefully.

  “Father made me come,” she said
faintly, “he said ‘it wasn’t safe there.’
Oh, it’s all been horrible, horrible!”

  “Try not to remember any thing but
that you're safe here with me,” said
Goring. Though he tried to speak
cheerfully, his jaw was grim with
anxiety; he looked down at the girl as
she lay there, her eyes too big and too
bright and the crimson of high fever
staining her cheeks. Her frail loveli-
ness stirred him to the depths of his be-
ing. How sweet she was! His to
guard and cherish for the hour at least.

  “My father is coming away with
me,” she began rapidly, “how hot it
is—I am burning. How the sun glares
and the bats beat against the screen.
She is going to kill me.—save me, save
me!” She flung herself wildly into
Goring’s arms, clinging to his breast
and raving deliriously. “He wants to
take me away with him—that native,
but I will not go.” She sprang up from
the cot shivering from head to foot and
only Goring’s firm hold stopped her
from tearing out again into the noon-
day heat.

  “Listen, little girl,” he said, “you
must lie still. You don’t want to be
sick, do you?”
n; • - ■ - ■:~

20	Love in the Jungle

  ‘'Don’t let him take me,” she panted,
“he wants to marry me, but you won’t
let him, will you?” Her little hands
gripped his shirt violently, the muscles
of her delicate face twitching.

  “No one shall take you—no one shall
hurt you.” Goring said quietly, putting
his arms about her.

  His voice soothed the girl. She lay
down again on the cot and drank the
medicine he mixed for her from his
leather case.

  “Punkah kars,” said Goring. The
hot air wafted above the girl’s face,
stirring the tendrils of her fair hair;
her two burning little palms clasped his
hand. Once again the man fought back
the wild desire to gather her in his
arms, to keep her forever. He glanced
bitterly around at the kutcha mud walls
and floor. What sort of a place was this
for a woman. It might be years before
he became a Political Agent and this life
was not one to ask a girl to share. No
—he must let her go and he must not
see her any more, lest the very sweet-
ness of her weaken his resolution.

  Outside the wind whirled a mad eddy
of dried leaves high in the air, the bam-
boos swayed tipsily. Behind the hills
the thunder pounded, the lightning tore
forkedly through the sky, great clouds
rolled heavily black with the coming
rain; then with a roar like the rattle of
musketry the monsoon came, beating on
the thatch and in a few moments turn-
ing the trail into a rushing, muddy
stream. Above the clamor of the storm
Goring heard a man’s shout and
through the open dor saw the chipros-
sie he had left at Barampadar running
unsteadily toward him.

  “Sahib, Sahib Hazur,” the man cried.
He fell across the threshold salaaming
Goring. The little Gurka sergeant and
his handful of men gathered outside;
the chiprossie’s words tumbled out con-
fusedly, his face fearful with horror.

  “The junglies had gone to Baram-

padar,” he said in Hindustani, “they
had burnt the company cooly lines, they
had sacked the babu quarters, had
robbed the bazaar. In the office they
had broken open the safe and stolen
800 rupees; the Parsee contractor had
fled into the jungle, but Waler Sahib
had been killed, found dead with an
arrow in his heart and no one to say
who had done the deed. Oh, Protector
of the Poor, great will be the vengeance
the Sahiblog will take upon the Santals.
Fifty of their villages shall be burnt
and their crops destroyed ; so one of the
Tesseldars had told them, bidding them
hasten back to their homes, but Das
babu still drives them on. The Gurkas
fight sahib until every man falls dead
hacked by little axes, but I, the faithful
servant of my lord, hasten here to warn
him the Bengalee sends them here to
seize the memsahib. Much liquor
has he given them and told them the
memsahib is the evil spirit who has
brought upon them all these misfor-
tunes. It is not wise for the lord of
my father to remain here.”

  Goring listened, his brows knit, his
face hard and grim. The girl beside
him tried to follow what was being
said: she heard her father’s name, but
though she could not understand in-
tiutively she knew that whatever word
had come was not good.

  “My father, what does he say of
him?” she whispered to Goring.

  He turned away for a moment. Un-
strung and ill as she was, now was not
the time to tell her how Waler had died.

  “Do not be anxious,” he answered
gently.

  “Maharaj—sahib—Hazur,” the chi-
prossie rolled at Goring’s feet, kissing
the ground before him, “the lord of my
father will listen to the word of his
poor servant. Thousands are coming,
women and children as well. From be-
hind the trees they will slay us all; it
is not well for the sahib to stay."

i
Love in the Jungle

21

  Goring bit his lip. It was against
his every instinct to run away from
danger; he wanted to stay and face
the junglies even as Waler had done.
His word had always borne weight
with these people. He liked them—
they were a splendid, virile race until
corrupted and tampered with. Now a
Bengalee babu was urging them on to
further mischief to gain his own ends.
The girl! Goring was able to piece to-
gether the entire story.

  He must take no chances in getting
her to safety. If any thing were to
happen to him in a fight in the heart of
the jungle, what would become of
Rhoda ?

  Goring stood up abruptly. While it
was raining the junglies would not
move. The elephant must be loaded
and they start at once; he gave his or-
ders quickly—the girl must be gotten
safely to Tashi before he returned to
settle his accounts with the Santals.

  With wonderful rapidity the little
camp dissolved about them and great
loads were slung over the back of the
elephant. The mahout ran nimbly up
the trunk squatting in front of the
dirty pad and the mighty beast plodded
off, its little beady black eyes gleaming
wickedly.

  “Miss Waler,” Goring said,- stoop-
ing over Rhoda, “it is most regrettable
but we have to move along. It will not
be very far, though; we will cut across
the river and get the train just beyond
it. I am only concerned if you will be
able to stand the trip,” he regarded her
anxiously, his shrewd brown eyes on
her face.

  “I can go,” she answered bravely.

  He helped her to her feet, wrapping
his raincoat around her; she was quite
lost in its bulky voluminousness.
“You’re a brave girl,” he said admiring-
ly as they went toward the door.

  “I’m a bit wobbly,” she said, smiling
up at him.

  His horse and the Bhutia she had
ridden were waiting in the downpour
of drenching rain.

  At sight of the pony Rhoda shrank
back.

  “Oh, I can’t ride,” she said, “I ache
so and I’ve never ridden before; I’d
surely fall off this time.”

  “I shall take you on my horse,” he
said, “I’ll be very careful of you if you
will only hold on to me good and tight.”
He lifted her into the saddle, springing
on behind her and gathering her close
into his arms.

  The rain beat down upon them with
the force of many little blows; he
pulled the raincoat over her and nestled
her closer to him.

  “Are you comfortable?” he asked
with a slight grin as they started off.

  “Very,” she whispered feeling
strangely, wondrously at peace. She
was not afraid with him holding her;
a sense almost of happiness stole over
her as she caught glimpses of Goring,
his khaki shirt soaked and clinging
close to his splendid body, his face un-
der his dripping tophee, stern and yet
so kind.

  And the man feeling the gentle pres-
sure of the girl against his breast,
smiled as he thought of how he had
wanted to carry her away with him on
his horse and how his wish was being
so strangely and miraculously fulfilled.

VIII

  Torrents of muddy water tore by
them, the nullahs seethed and over-
flowed. Golu, the elephant, plodded
heavily along, feeling his way cau-
tiously with a great front pow where
the rain had dislodged the banks or
loosened some treacherous stone. Now
and again he wrenched a branch out of
his way, or uprooted a young tree to
clear a path for himself.

Goring’s horse stumbled along under
22

Love in the Jungle

the double burden and as the river of
crocodiles came into sight beyond the
green of the jungle, the man suddenly
wished that this ride would not end so
soon—that it might go on forever.

  He looked down at the girl; her damp
light hair lay against his breast. He
could see the soft curve of her cheek,
the pink of her little ear, the parted
line of her mouth. The sweetness of
her was irresistible, the moment was
his. Goring bent over and kissed her
on the lips.

  Then he leaned closer to see if she
were angry, but only a deepening of
the color in her fever-flushed face be-
trayed anything to him, for she dropped
her eyes so that he should not see the
gladness in their blue depths.

  A great joy stirred the man. She was
not the kind of a girl who would un-
protestingly let him kiss her unless she
cared a little. The wonder of it filled
his heart—he gathered her closer to
him, something fiercely protective in
his clasp. She was his to guard and
defend through these golden moments,
which when she had gone again as she
must go, would be the one real memory
of his life.

  So they went on oblivious of every-
thing but each other and the new-found
glory of their love. The girl quivering
and radiant despite the pain that racked
her body, the man’s heart big with pas-
sion and heavy with despair because he
knew he must lose her so very soon.

  It tied his tongue. Honor forbade
him to tell her that he loved her—to
win from her a shy confession that she
too cared. His country needed him;
some of her sons she sent to the field of
battle, others she kept back to guard
the outposts of her Empire. Now was
not the time to quit or shirk with the
Motherland fighting for her very exist-
ence. Iieckers was good for twenty
years and Political agencies are not to
be had every day in the I. C. S.

  So while Rhoda’s thoughts drifted
happily, the man’s crashed from dreams
of what might have been, to the harsh-
est of realities. In less than an hour
he must bid her good-bye, for months,
perhaps never to see her again. There
was no dodging the issue—he must not
even win from her a promise not to
forget. Her young life should not be
ruined waiting for him. No—he must
let her go, not knowing how much he
cared nor how hard it was to give her
up. He must make their parting as
commonplace as possible.

  It was the little Gurka sergeant who
brought Goring sharply back to present
facts.

  “Sahib,” he cried, his yellow face
wrinkled with alarm, “junglies hie,” he
pointed to a bael tree from whose
branches one of his men was just
scrambling down.

  Goring peered back through the blur
of rain. In the distance, half hidden by
a low hillock, he made out a dark mov-
ing mass.

  “We’ve got to make the river,” he
said grimly, spurring on his flagging
horse. The great elephant as if sensing
danger, quickened his pace.

  The Muggerudder or river of croco-
diles had overflowed its banks as the
Indian rivers do in the monsoon. The
low lying paddy fields lay deep under
water, the wreckage of some jungle huts
floated past. The surging rush of wa-
ters reached them as they came out
along the inundated shore. Goring’s
horse splashed through the eddying mud
a foot deep; it reared on its haunches
quivering with fear and refusing to go
further.

  The man’s face grew gray with anx-
iety. He tried in vain to spur on his
beast, yet knowing that it was useless
—the river was too deep to be forded.
For a moment he sat, the girl clutched
desperately against his heart.

  At all costs she must get across;
Love in the Jungle

23

 this was no place for her. If there was
 to be a fight and he should go under,
 what would become of her? Once on
 the other side of the river he and his
 men could hold back the junglies until
 she had reached the railway station;
 but how to get her across that turbid,
 treacherous stream?

   Then insistently from behind them a
noise rose gradually above the patter
of the rain and the rush of the river,
an ominous, terrifying noise, murmurous
and swelling into a bedlam of drunken
yells and shouts. Goring turned in his
saddle and saw' a man in a white tophee
on horseback, leading on a mob of hun-
dreds of black Santalis.

   “It’s Das,” whispered Rhoda clutch-
ing his arm. She leaned closer, “Lis-
ten,” she breathed, “he’s after me; if
you put me down he will go away and
not harm you. If you don’t—you’ll be
killed.” A sob choked her.

  For answer Goring dismounted and
lifted her from the saddle. The water
swished about them as he put her be-
hind the shelter of a bit of bush; then
he pulled out his automatic.

   “I’ll leave a last shot in it for you,”
 he said and placed himself in front of
 her. He turned to his men giving his
 orders sharply.

   The Gurkas knelt waist deep in wa-
ter, their black eyes agleam with the
lust of battle, their rifles leveled.

   “Crouch low as you can,” Goring said
 to the girl as an arrow whirred through
 the air above his head.

   “Fire!” he snapped and the Gurkas’
rifles flashed.

  A half dozen black bodies in the
jungle beyond fell heavily on their faces.
There was the rush of retreat; then the
skulking dark forms creeping up closer
to shoot from behind the shelter of the
trees.

   “I must get her across,” Goring mut-
 tered, the sweat of agony standing out
 on his forehead. If she were to be

hurt! If one of those deadly arrows
were to strike her—or their ammuni-
tion gone and his little party annihilated,
what worse fate might not befall her?

  Suddenly his eye fell on Golu, the
elephant, thrashing his trunk impatient-
ly, his wicked little eyes almost un-
canny with intelligence.

   “By Jove,” cried Goring, “he’ll do it.
Cut,” he cried, to the little Gurka as he
tugged at the ropes that bound the
packs of the great beast’s sides. A half
dozen kukris flashed out hacking at the
hempen cords and freeing the elephant
of its load.

  “Hath! jaiga!” Goring cried, pointing
across the river. Golu knelt down at
the mahout’s word.

  “You must cross on the elephant,”
Goring said rapidly to girl. “You’ll be
safe, I'll send two of my men with you.’’

  “Don’t make me go,” pleaded Rhoda.
“I am not afraid. Let me stay with
you.”

  “For my sake, go,” he panted, lifting
her high in his arms for his men to
help on to the great beast’s back. She
cowered a moment in the twisted roll of
sacking, looking down at his drawn
face.

  “If anything should happen to you,”
she breathed, her hands clutched to-
gether.

  “God bless and protect you,” he an-
swered, as the elephant rose to its feet
and prodded by the mahout’s steel-
shafted goad, plunged tow'ard the river,
snorting angrily.

  Rhoda looked around with tear wet
eyes. “I love you, I love you,” she
murmured, looking back at the man who
was going to fight, perhaps to die for
her. Incoherent prayers poured from
her white lips as she heard the harsh
bark of the rifles behind her.

  She could see the Gurkas crouched
low behind the meager shelter of the
sparse underbrush and the black forms
of the junglies maddened by her pos-
24

Love in the Jungle

sible escape pouring down to the river
bank.

  She clung desperately to the swaying
pad as the muddy waters deepened
about them and she thought they must
surely be swept off and drowned. The
great beast sensing his peril reared his
trunk, trumpeting with rage, and
plunged on, rearing himself from the
flood and half swimming, struggled on
till he secured a slippery foothold on
the opposite bank.

  Above the roaring in her ears Rhoda
could hear the crack of the rifles now
growing less frequent, and then her
terrified eyes saw a dugout hauled
from a cove up stream and launched,
four natives standing in it and paddling
vigorously toward her.	\

  She covered her face. From the
patch of scrub where she knew Goring
w-as, flashed three shots; two of the
Santals fell into' the bottom of the
canoe, one toppled heavily and the last
sprang into the water with a yell, swim-
ming back for the shore. The un-
guided canoe whirled about and started
swiftly down stream.

  On the shore the last of the brave
Gurkas fell, pierced in the back by an
arrow. Goring emptied his automatic
at the jungle that had killed his little
sergeant. That death faced him was
as nothing to the fact that they would
recover the dugout and cross again af-
ter Rhoda.

  Out on the stream the canoe glided
past. A wild impulse seized the man.
Flinging aside, his gun he ran toward
the river, plunging into the water and
swimming after the canoe.

  He looked once and saw the tiny fig-
ure of the girl vanishing in the blur of
the distance. It gave him hope and
strength—lie struggled on against the
swiftness of the current. The dugout
was his only chance as well as hers now.
He gained rapidly on it until the splash
of waters behind him warned him of

peril; looking over his shoulder, he saw
swimming after him Das the Bengalee,
his face livid with passion, a knife be-
tween his gleaming teeth.

  For a moment despair seized Goring
—exhausted and unarmed, he took hold
of the side of the drifting boat and
looked to where he knew the girl now
was safe.

  Behind him the Bengalee gained; to
let him get the dugout meant Rhoda’s
doom. He saw the gleam of the knife
tipraised in the babu’s hand—his own
right arm shot out to stay the blow
which never came.

  The hate on the Bengalee’s face
turned to horror; the knife dropped; a
gurgling shriek bubbled up from below
—a dark form cut the stream. Half-
maddened with fear, Goring hauled
himself into the boat. On the muddy
water a red blotch swirled above the
spot where Das had been dragged un-
der. The Muggerudder had not belied
its name.

  Howls of terror rose from the shore
where the Santals, demoralized by the
wrath of the demon of the river, fled
back to their jungles, not even stopping
to despoil the dead.

  Picking up a blood-stained paddle
from the bottom of the canoe, Goring
made his way slowly to the opposite
bank.

IX

  A pretty bit of compound lay about
the station platform where Golu the
elephant, his massive sides caked with
mud, stopped. Roses and'crepe myrtle,
hibiscus and alamander stood dripping
with rain. A tub of gardenias filled the
air with perfume, gay-colored Indian
pinks bordered the geometrically laid-
out flower-beds.

   A thick mist like drizzle filled the air.
The usual crowd of idlers huddled to-
gether squatting—a beggar with the hid-
Love in the Jungle

25

eous stump of an amputated limb
whined monotonously, holding out bis
brass bowl for alms—a low-casle Mo-
hammedan woman in tight-fitting red
print trousers stood smoking a brown
cigarette; a box walla or travelling
merchant, carrying his umbrella, ap-
proached, followed by three cooly
women bearing steel trunks and huge
bundles balanced on their heads; a
Hindu bride of about eight passed, gar-
landed, newly nose-ringed and wearing
a mustard-yellow sari.

  But Rhoda noted nothing. She sat
down in the chair the station babu
brought her, thinking, praying for but
one thing—that Goring might come to
her—that he might have been spared to
return to her.

  When at last she saw' him coming to-
ward her, a cry sprang to her lips. She
ran eagerly toward him, her hands out-
stretched, her eyes wide with thankful-
ness.

  “Oh, I am so glad—you’re here
safe!” she sobbed in half-hysterical re-
lief.

  He clasped her hand in his, soothing
her as he might have hushed a bewil-
dered child, and only the thin line of
his mouth betrayed the strain he had
undergone. He led her back to the
chair and made her sit down again.

  “You are all right, you are not hurt?”
cried the girl.

  “Yes, I am all right,” lie answered,
and looked away not to see the tender-
ness in her eyes.

  “The train is about due now,” he said
at last, to break the silence that fell be-
tween them; then, as if to stifle the
words that trembled on his lips, lie add-
ed, “You know people in Tashi?”

  “No, I know no one; but father told
me he would wire a Mrs. Townsend
that I was coming.”

  “Cecile Townsend, well I should
say,” Goring said, glad of the opportu-
nity to be commonplace. “She’s about

the whitest woman in India.” Then he
frowned—the wire Waler had told her
he would send had probably never gone.

  “I shall send word to Mrs. Townsend
to expect you,” he said; “you’ll get into
Tashi this evening.”

 “You—you’re not coming then?”
said Rhoda, trying to keep the keenness
of disappointment out of her voice.

  “No,” he said slowly, “I have my
work still to do,” and he looked behind
him. He moved away abruptly. It
was not easy to hear the low tones of
her voice and remember only the harsh-
ness of duty. “I shall send a message
directly,” and proceeded to telegraph to
Mrs. Townsend; among other facts he
asked that the news of her father’s
death might be broken to Rhoda as soon
as she seemed able to bear the shock.
With the set face of a man relentlessly
forcing himself to do a difficult thing
and with a sense of impending loss, he
went back to the girl.

  She sat, a wistful little figure against
the background of gray rain and gay
flower-beds. Her body was racked with
pain and her heart seemed suddenly
dead within her. She could not help
but notice that Goring’s manner toward
her had indefinably changed; he was
formal, courteous, but evidently wanted
to show her that those hours of stress
that had seemed to bind them so won-
drously close were over—had meant
nothing after all. It puzzled her but
hurt her terribly. Had she been too
forward, too bold ?—she had let him
kiss her—and yet it must have been but
the kiss a man steals from any pretty
girl when circumstances permit. The
crimson of mortification darkened her
cheeks; she was weak and all in, her
pride was gone or he could not have the
power to so make her suffer.

  “You will be most comfortable with
the Townsends,” Goring was forcing
himself to say. “Their only son has
just been sent back from Mesopotamia
26

Love in the Jungle

pretty badly banged up.” He did not
know how to continue; every word he
uttered was hollow and false, when the
mad beating of his heart urged him to
pour out to her his inmost thoughts.
Suddenly his thoughts drifted back to
the dak bungalow outside the ruins of
Peripadar and the work in the jungles
beyond, that his country called on him
to do.

  “Perhaps,” he said with an effort, “I
shall see you shortly in Tashi, Miss
Waler.”

  “I don't know,” said Rhoda unstead-
ily, fighting back her tears. “I shall
not stay in India very long; father has
promised me to come home.”

  Goring turned away quickly — her
father had promised her to go home—
well, he had kept his promise. Poor
little girl.

  Rhoda looked down the track. A
bell rang—the train was coming, she
was going away. She had even told
him she was leaving India but he had
said nothing—he did not care. What
a pitiful fool she was to have imagined
what did not exist, to have left her
over-soft heart drift so irrevocably to a
man who would forget her existence
almost before she was out of his sight!
What a farce it had all been—even the
burning shame of the kiss he had given
her!

  She rose weakly; she felt dizzy and
wretchedly ill.

  “Good-bye, Mr. Goring,” she said,
holding out her little hand. “You know
I never can thank you enough for all
you have done for me. You’ve—” but
she broke off, unable to go on.

  “Good-bye,” he said hoarsely, but
through the stinging tears which blind-
ed the girl, she did not see the look on
the man’s face.

  The locomotive pulled up; the little
cars on their spindly-looking wheels
came to a stop. Dark faces smeared
with ashes and painted with caste

marks stared at the memsahib, whose
face was the whitest they had ever seen.

   Goring lifted the girl into a first-class
compartment and stood at the window
below her.

  “Perhaps,” he said, “you will send
me a line sometime telling me how you
are getting on.”

  "I’ll send you a picture post-card
from Boston,” she smiled rather
drearily.

  The railroad guard with the rabbit’s
ear flap of pugaree shouted deafening-
ly, waving a flag; a babel of tongues
rose about them. The door of the car-
riage was slammed shut. She was go-
ing away—leaving him forever.

  In the anguish of this thought she
forgot everything; she leaned toward
him, her eyes telling what her lips re-
fused to betray.

  “Good-bye,” she whispered as the
train moved off.

  She heard his low good-bye above the
rattle of the puffing engine. She
looked back at the tall, strong figure in
khaki until it blurred into the mists of
the distance; she then flung herself on
the wide leather seat and sobbed bit-
terly.

  How different this ride was from the
trip of hopes and dreams up from Cal-
cutta! Her whole life was changed;
from the carefree girl she had become
the woman who must suffer. And she
would never, never see him again.

  The tears smarted on her burning
cheeks; the late afternoon shadows
grew longer, the train sped roaringly
through the flat, gray-shrouded land.
Suddenly Rhoda roused herself; the
rabbit-eared guard had flung open the
door of her compartment and she knew
she was in Tashi.

X

  Rhoda hurriedly dabbed her face and
smoothed back her damp, ruffled hair.
She was dully aware of her strange ap-
Love in the Jungle

27

pearance in the shabby, faded riding
habit. She jumped out of the train and
almost ran into the anus of a large,
motherly lady waiting for her.

  “I am Mrs. Townsend,” she said,
“and you are Miss Waler.” She took
the girl’s arm and led her through the
station to where a big car stood wait-
ing. She was one of those frowsy Eng-
lish women given to lavender muslins
and floppy garden hats; her face was
bleached of all color and had that look
of premature age life in the tropics
gives, but her eyes were wonderfully
kind.

  “I was at the Gymkhana,” she went
on, settling the girl in the machine, “but
my son opened the wire and telephoned
me. I got here just in time to meet
you.”

  “I am afraid I have put you out a
great deal,” said Rhoda as the Sikh
chauffeur touched a hand to his enor-
mous white pugaree and they started.

   “I am so glad to have you, my dear,”
said Mrs. Townsend, her heart warm-
ing at the wistful prettiness of the girl
beside her. “You see, I have a daugh-
ter of my own. She is up at Simla for
the rains now, but Larry, my son, Cap-
tain Townsend, is with me now.” Her
face clouded over. “Ah, here we are
at home.”

   Rhoda gave a little smile of pleasure
and sank gratefully into a wicker lounge
chair her hostess pushed forward.

   “You will have a peg, my dear,” said
Mrs. Townsend, clapping her hands ; “it
will pull you together and do you good.”
She gave her orders to the barefoot,
turbaned servant who appeared noise-
lessly. Then she picked up the wire
laying on a table beside her and as she
read it her face quickened with sym-
pathy. Poor little thing, she had lost
her father and did not know it. Sam
Waler, whom she remembered as bring-
ing his bride out years ago—the same
Sam Waler who had been kicked out of

the Club at Tashi. She looked down
thoughtfully at Rhoda; she seemed so
frail, so exhausted, she must have a day
or two of rest before she should be told.

  Rhoda lay back in the chair, her
fever-flushed face against the cretonne
of the cushions.

  “If you will excuse me, dear,” said
Mrs. Townsend, tucking the telegram
into her blouse, “I'll go see that your
room is made ready for you. In India
we always keep our guest-room beds
stripped,” and with a gentle smile she
left the girl.

  Rhoda drank the whiskey and soda
with a little grimace of distaste; she
hated Scotch, but it would make her
feel better and her bones ached so and
she was so tired. She wondered how
she would ever drag herself out of the
big chair or move again; she longed to
sleep for hours and hours, but she must
not be rude. Mrs. Townsend was be-
ing so good, so kind to her, she must ex-
ert herself to be bright and friendly in
return. Despite herself her eyes
drooped wearily. Goring—would she
ever see him again, ever hear his voice,
look into his eyes again? A wistful lit-
tle line twisted her lips. Suddenly she
started wide awake—a tall man in khaki
was coming into the room—Goring!

  A low cry caught in her throat—he
had come after all. Then as the man
moved nearer she saw that it was not
Goring but a younger man, and even in
one fleeting glance the beauty and trag-
edy of his eyes struck her.

  He walked stiffly, as if in pain, but at
sight of the girl stopped abruptly.

  “Oh, I say, beg pardon,” he said.
“I didn’t know anyone was here.”
Then, coming closer, “You are Miss
Waler, are you not?”

  “Yes,” said Rhoda, “and you are
Captain Townsend.”

  “Rum go, that Santal trouble,” said .
the boy, sitting down beside her. “Wish
I had a good machine gun squad out
28

Love in the Jungle

there, I’d clean them up, I can tell you;
they and all the rest of these cursed
blacks.” His voice had all the repres-
sion of bitterness in it. “Fine mess the
Turks made of me. It would have been
better if they’d done for me.”

  Rhoda turned toward him, her fine
face alive with compassion. “I wouldn’t
say that if I were you,” she said softly.

  "Never to be good for anything again!
They’ve patched me up, shrapnel and
all. The mater doesn’t know—thinks
I’ll be all right again in a little while.
No more polo, no tennis—oh, I tell you
it’s hell to be half dead when your life
is only beginning.”

  He clenched his fists passionately, his
handsome, boyish face haggard with
agony.

  “I think perhaps we all have to suf-
fer,” she answered in a low voice.

  Townsend glanced at her eagerly.
She, too, was very young, but her eyes
were deep with understanding. Some-
thing in her very frailness disarmed the
boy’s pride; he resented the world’s
pity, but this girl—he should not mind
if she were to be a little sorry for him.

  “Who’d look at a chap like me now ?”
he demanded harshly. “Not twenty-five
yet and the whole thing over—life—
work—love. I’m not grouching; I’ve
done my bit, but when I see a girl like
you and know no woman will ever care
for me now, I just about go mad.”

  “Don’t talk like that,” said Rhoda,
looking into the boy’s appealing face.
"I am sure if anyone loved you she’d
care all the more because you needed
her a little, and she’d remember what
you had done and be awfully proud of
you.”

  “Could you feel like that for a man ?”
he asked eagerly.

  “Yes,” she answered quietly, “if I
cared.” And unconsciously her thoughts
flew to Goring and her lips curved
softly.

  Perhaps the boy misinterpreted the

tenderness of her expression, perhaps it
was only the words of hope she had
spoken to him, but he straightened in
his chair, his despondency giving way
to a new look of courage.

  “What bricks some of you women
are!” he said. “You’ve made me see
things altogether differently. By Jove,
I’m glad you’ve come.”

  Mrs. Townsend, coming into the
room, smiled swiftly on Rhoda, her
mother heart in her eyes. “You’ve
cheered my boy already,” she said, lay-
ing a gentle hand on her son’s fair hair.
“I see, Larry, you know Miss Waler;
I am sure you’ll be great chums. Now
I must carry you off, dear, to get ready
for dinner. Then early to bed; Mr.
Goring insists that you rest.”

  "Damn Goring!” said the Captain as
Rhoda left the room.

XT

  “I shall send you my ayah.” said
Mrs. Townsend as she switched on the
dressing-table lights and turned the
punkah on full. “She’ll wait outside
the door. If you need her, call her.
You will find a whole closet full of Bes-
sie’s things; she’s just about your size,
dear; take any and everything you re-
quire. The panne walla has just
brought your bath. We dine at half
after eight, or when^Ver you are ready.”
Rhoda sank into a boudoir chair; she
felt hardly able to stand.

  “Perhaps you would rather have
some tea and a bite sent in to you?”
Mrs. Townsend inquired.

  “I will be ready in half an hour,”
Rhoda said, smiling bravely. She could
see that Mrs. Townsend would be dis-
appointed if she failed to join them.

  “Hokigan is quite efficient,” said the
Englishwoman, and then with a dem-
onstrativeness rather foreign to her,
bent over and kissed the girl’s cheek.
“Larry seemed so glad to have you
Love in the Jungle

29

here,” she said softly and went out of
the room.

  For a few moments the girl huddled
in the chair, holding her aching head in
her hot hands; then slowly she took off
the riding habit and laid it down rever-
ently.

  Her arm where Rani had stabbed her
was stained with dried and clotted
blood, the handkefehief Das had tied
around it was stiff and blackened, the
pain of the torn flesh was almost un-
bearable. Biting her lips to grit her-
self for the effort, Rhoda slipped out
of her clothes and went into the bath-
room and washed out the ugly cut; then
with infinite patience she wound a clean'
handkerchief over it, tying the knot
with one hand and her teeth. Having
bathed she opened the closet and taking
down a simple frock of blue silk, did
her hair and called the ayah to hook
her rfp.

  The little woman came, her white
sari bunched about her, her wrinkled
face curious as a monkey’s. She fas-
tened the dress nimbly, marvelling at
the light gold hair of the pretty missy
sahib.

  When Rhoda was dressed she glanced
into the long mirror and knew that she
had never in her life looked more at-
tractive ; her face was vivid with color,
her blue eyes unnaturally bright. If
only Goring could see her now perhaps
he might have loved her. Once he had
seen her in the blue kimono, with her
hair down, and then in the old gray rid-
ing habit—no wonder he had not cared.

  The ayah squatting at her feet, sen-
sing the girl’s thoughts of love, mur-
mured a charm that the eyes of the
Captain sahib might be pleased with the
work of Hokigan’s hands.

 Rhoda never knew how she got
through that dinner. She was con-
scious of a kindly-faced, bearded man
at the head of the table across the
bowls of saffron roses and maiden-hair

fern; he was Larry’s father. His
mother sat beside her and her eyes
seemed to plead with the girl, “Be kind,
be kind to my boy.”

  The Captain sat on her right, his hag-
gard young face animated by a new en-
thusiasm. He told stories of the
trenches, of the march on Bagdad, of
the horrors of the hospital and once he
laughed heartily. Mrs. Townsend ex-
changed a look with her husband and
the expression on her face made the
girl’s heart ache.

  She knew what they were thinking,
hoping—that their son would fall in
love with her and that she would bring
him back to them and to life and hope
once more.

  Young Townsend led Rhoda out on
the terrace for coffee and cigarettes.
His father and mother strolled by once
or twice and then went into the living-
room for their nightly game of crib-
bage.

  It left the boy and girl together under
the magic of a full moon floating like
a bubble of gold across the star-shot
sky. It was a night for romance and
love such as only India can give—the
perfume of a thousand flowers floated
on the air, around the servants’ quarters
the doves cooed drowsily.

  “I say, a chap can’t forget the things
you said before dinner,” Larry began
eagerly. “With a girl like you to care
a fellow could begin over again and win
out after all. Couldn’t he now ?”

  “Yes, he could,” said Rhoda. An
overwhelming pity stirred within her;
his face, beautiful in the moonlight,
haunted her. He was going to ask her
to give him something, it was going to
be so hard to refuse.

  “You may think me a mad fool,” he
cried passionately, “but I know you are
the one girl I want to have care. Of
course you hardly know me, but just
tell me one thing, dear—do I stand a
chance ?”
30

Love in the Jungle

  Rhoda looked off toward the living-
room, where, under the shaded light,
she could see the boy’s mother and fa-
ther, face to face at the small card-
table. How could she tell him there
was no chance, that her heart already
lay bruised and crushed within her—
that she had nothing to give.

  He understood her silence. “You
were just talking then,” he said bitterly.
“It was only words; you didn’t
mean it.”

  “Yes, I did mean it,” she answered.

  “You mean you couldn’t care for
me,” he cried fiercely, “that’s it, is it?
I’m too smashed up, too—”

  “No, no,” she interrupted.

  “There’s someone else then,” he said,
his eyes on her.

  For a long moment she gazed off into
the night. “No,” she said at last, very
slowly, “it’s no one else, but I am go-
ing to take my father home, away from
this terrible country.”

  “Your father!” he repeated. “Why,
you—” He broke off abruptly. “Is
that your only reason for turning me
down? Is that all that stands between
us?” He gripped her hand almost
roughly. Goring had wired to break the
news to her; she did not know yet that
her father was dead.

  “What do you mean, all that stands
between us ?” she cried. “My father is
everything I have in the world. For
years he has supported me, sacrificed
his health, everything, to send me
plenty of money and educate me; now I
am going to make it up to him. I am
going to devote my life to being good
to him.”

  “You can’t do that now, little girl,”
said the boy, who had seen death face
to face.

  “You mean—something has happened
to him, he’s—” she cried wildly. “No,
it can’t be true—it can’t be—” She
pressed her fists against her quivering
lips.

  "It is true,” he answered solemnly,
“but I was a brute to have told you.”
He reached out and took her hot little
hand in his and kissed it tenderly. “I
want to spend the rest of my life being
good to you, dear—if you’ll let me.”
The girl made no reply. A deadly
numbness seemed to enfold her, a wave
of ice to engulf her. She slipped for-
ward against the vine-clung railing and
fell to the terrace in merciful uncon-
sciousness.

XII

  “I told her about her father,” young
Townsend said to his mother an hour
later. “It’s all my fault; if she gets
sick it is as if I had deliberately hurt
her. It’s all my cursed selfishness. I
will never forgive myself.”

  “Don’t be foolish, dear heart. The
doctor says it is fever and a touch of
the sun. She should never have gone
to Barampadar in the rains and she has
been exposed getting away from there.
The shock of what you told her made
her faint, but with the loss of blood
from that cut in her arm the doctor
wonders how she managed to keep up
as long as she did. It is my fault for
not putting the poor child to bed as
soon as she came; but I didn’t realize,
and you, Larry, seemed so pleased to
have her here.”

  The boy gripped his mother’s hand.
“Get her well soon, mater,” he said
hoarsely. “She’s the pluckiest, gamest
girl I’ve ever met; and even if she does
turn me down it has made a new man
of me just knowing her. There’s some-
thing else to be got out of the game be-
side sports—she’s taught me that.”
“God bless her for that,” said his
mother. “I’ll take good care of her for
your sake, Larry, to keep her for us
all.”

  And she kept her word. For ten
days, shoulder to shoulder with the little
Love ill the Jungle

31

Scotch doctor, she battled for the girl’s
life and reason. Day after day Larry
Townsend haunted the porch outside
her room, sending confused appeals to
God, from whom he had never begged
grace before; day after day Hokigan
prostrated herself and laid offerings of
rice and ghee before her many gods,
praying for the life of the missy sahib.

  Then one day as the crusty Saunders
hurried away from the bungalow to his
motorcycle, he threw the first word of
comfort to the boy hanging on his every
word and expression.

  “She’ll pull through,” he said gruffly,
“but something is worrying her, eating
her heart out. Can’t make out w;hy she
doesn’t pick up—the fever’s left her and
she’s young and healthy.” He frowned,
rumpling his grizzly eyebrows. “Never
let anything drop in her ravings—al-
ways been about hom§ and college days
and girl chums. She’s not in love with
you, is she, young fellow?”

  “Not with me nor with anyone else
that I know of,” said Larry with a wry
smile.

  The next morning Larry sat beside
his father as the car bowled along the
wide roads to the offices of the Copper
Company of which the elder Townsend
was General Manager.

  “I want a job, Dad,” said the boy.
“I’m on sick leave for six months, but
there’s no use just lying around, being
idle. I won’t be able to break rock, of
course, but I’ll earn my salary.”

  “This is the happiest moment I have
known since you went to the front,”
said the father, clasping his son’s hand.

  While Rhoda slowly and feebly strug-
gled back to health, Larry Townsend
worked at his father’s side, animated
by Quixotic enthusiasm and eager
hopes. Then one afternoon when he
came home he found Rhoda out on the
maidan, lying back in the big cretonne
and wicker lounge-chair in which he
had first seen her.

  She looked so small and fragile and
white that he hesitated by an orange
tree to look at her.

  The young man took a step forward.
She seemed all that was sweet and won-
derful in life—the rose lights from a
sinking sun tinted her thin little face,
her hands lying in her lap looked trans-
parent, her fair hair brushed back from
her forehead gave her an almost child-
ish look, but Larry did not see the sad-
ness in her eyes.

  “How good it is to see you out!” he
said eagerly'. “No wonder the sun runs
away and hides.”

  Rhoda looked at him—what a dear,
splendid boy he was, how good to her!
Then, with the hurt in her heart which
was ever present, she thought of Gor-
ing—Goring, who during all these three
weeks and more had never written or
even sent to inquire about her. He
might not know that she was sick, but
she could not drive out of her mind his
indifference and complete forgetfulness
of her. And these other people! Larry
and his mother; her very own could not
have been more kind. How could she
ever thank them enough, repay them?
There was only one way—she read the
answer in Larry’s eager eyes.

 The tears ran slowly down her
cheeks, she gave a little shiver.

  “You are cold, my darling,” he said
in a low voice. It was his first out-
spoken tenderness. She felt him take
her hand in his and she could not draw
it away ; she could not bear the thought
of hurting him, for his own sake and
because he was his mother’s son. There
was nothing she would not do to avoid
wounding these people who had loved
and cared for her in her hour of great-
est need.

  “You know I love you, dear,” he said,
his fine young face close to hers. “I
love you.”

  “I know,” she answered in a low
voice.
32

Love in the Jungle

  “I shall win your whole love,
Rhoda,” he said, “God willing. You
like me a little already, do you not,
dear?”

  “I like you—a great deal,” she an-
swered gravely.

  “Then love will follow,” he cried ra-
diantly. “You know, of course,” he
added after a pause, “that your father
has left an unexpected account in a Cal-
cutta bank. Word only came of it a
few days ago; it is not very much, but
plenty, dear, to see you home, should
you want to go.” He tried to make his
manner matter-of-fact, but his voice
faltered a little. “I should be—we’d all
be awfully cut up, Rhoda, if you
wouldn’t stay,” he ended.

  This thought it was which burned it-
self into the girl’s brain. Gratitude!
There was "but one return for all the
kindness she had received. Other
dreams she might have had—Goring’s
indifference had shattered. And Larry!
No woman could help learning to care
for him; time would teach her to love
him.

  She felt him bending over her, his
kiss on her soft hair.

  “Come in, dear,” he said gently,
“mother will be happy to see us,” and
he led her into the bungalow.

XIII

  Though Miss Waler did not defi-
nitely announce her engagement to Cap-
tain Townsend, she made no efforts to
deny it. A kind of apathy seized her,
a touch of the fatalism of the country.
She let things drift. Why struggle?
What for—an empty dream that was
over.

  She would make Larry a good wife.
He needed her and her reward was in
the new happiness she saw coming back
into his face, some of the sunshine of
his boyhood days; she noted the quiet
joyousness of his mother, the reborn

pride in his father’s eyes as he looked
on the son given back to him.

  A peace seemed to enter Rhoda’s
soul, the content that only unselfishness
can give. The clamorous longing, the
passionate hopes, the madness of joy
of those few hours she had known Gor-
ing passed from her, taking some of her
youth with it.

  As she grew stronger the people of
the station began to drop in to tea.
They congratulated Rhoda and won-
dered what the stunning young Captain
could see in that poor, washed-out-
looking little mite who seemed so un-
enthusiastic over her engagement.

  It was all too ridiculous for words—
who was she anyway? An American,
a mere nobody picked up goodness
knows where, without any clothes or
money; why, she was wearing all Bes-
sie Townsend’s last season’s frocks.
Her father had been mine manager at
Barampadar — not that unspeakable
creature, Sam Waler, they had thrown
out of the Club! He was dead now—
well, really, she came of elegant stock!

  But Larry's devotion left no doubt in
the minds of the several disappointed
and highly eligible young ladies that he
was desperately in love with the girl;
and Mrs. Townsend seemed as de-
lighted as her son.

  “Where did you meet the Captain?”
a certain Miss Witherspoon inquired
one afternoon with a chilly simper
meant to be sentimental.

  “Miss Waler has only been in India
a very short time,” Mrs. Townsend an-
swered, seeing that the girl looked pale
ana tired. “It was Mr. Goring who in-
troduced her to us.”

 “You mean Temple Goring, the
I.C.S. man?” gushed Miss Weather-
spoon. “Have you heard the latest
about him?”

  "No,” came an interested chorus over
the teacups.

  Rhoda felt the blood leap suddenly in
Love in the Jungle

33

her veins; she was stifled, as if the
mention of his name had roused emo-
tions she thought were dead. Her thin
little hands gripped the sides of her
chair; she must escape out into the
compound or surely betray herself.

  “It seems,” continued Miss Weather-
spoon, thoroughly relishing the recital
of her bit of gossip, “that the Govern-
ment is perfectly furious at Mr. Fleck-
ers for the way he has let this Santali
trouble get out of hand. They hold
him responsible and quite rightly, too;
he has never moved out of the Resi-
dency here, and it was Goring who went
right out into the jungle, rounded up
the natives, had some kind of a palaver
with them and got them positively to
lay down their bows and arrows and
give up the ring leaders. It is next
door to a miracle, they say, his settling
it all peacefully. It’s a regular triumph
for Temple Goring, and the long and
the short of it is,” she poised a diminu-
tive sandwich under a generously pro-
portioned nose, pausing dramatically,
“Mr. Heckers has been given the sack
and Temple Goring is to be Political
Agent in his place.”

  In the confusion of exclamations and
excitement over this startling informa-
tion, Rhoda slipped away unostenta-
tiously into the garden and sat down
on a vine-twisted, rustic seat. Success
and promotion had come to him, but he
had not had time or thought to even
send her a line.

  What a fool she was to be pining for
such a man—her heart hardened sud-
denly against him. She would put him
out of her mind and marry Larry—
dear, gallant Larry. She would make
him wonderfully happy.

  Far down the road she heard the
snort of his motor horn and the tearing
of a machine toward the bungalow. He
was coming home earlier than usual,
hurrying to her. She rose slowly to
meet him—she would tell him this eve-

  S.—May—3

ning what he wanted to hear, promise
to marry him whenever he wished.

  Her eyes on the ground, her heart
dull and heavy, she passed under the
rose arbor. A trailing spray thick with
blossoms caught in the lace of her skirt;
she stooped to disentangle herself from
the thorns. A man’s step came rapidly
toward her; she could hear the crunch
of gravel under his grinding heel. She
looked up and a cry escaped her. It
was not Townsend but Goring himself.

  “Miss Waler,” he said eagerly look-
ing hungrily into the girl’s face.

  To Rhoda he seemed thinner, brown-
er than when she had seen him last,
but there was a wonderful light in the
keen eyes behind the glasses.

  “How you surprised me I” she said in
a low voice. “You were the last per-
son I expected to see. I was waiting
for Captain Townsend.” She said the
last stiffly and with a slight effort.

  “I grabbed Townsend’s car—didn’t
even wait~to ask him for it. I was so
anxious to get here to see you.”

  Rhoda made no reply. Goring’s face
sobered swiftly. She was displeased,
angry at him. How small she looked
and how terribly frail! There was no
color in her face and her slender body
seemed wasted.

  “You are not glad to see me,” he said
quietly.

  “I cannot be very enthusiastic after
your neglect of all these days. You
never troubled to write or inquire.”

  “Write or inquire!” he cried in
amazement. “Why, my dear child, for
the last month I have been miles and
miles back in the jungle, away from
communication of any sort. It was not
until today that I heard of my ap-
pointment and I came right here—to
you.”

  “I must congratulate you, Mr. Gor-
ing,” she said coldly. How surprisingly
easy it was to go through with forms
after one’s heart was broken.
34

Love in the Jungle

  The joyous, eager look had left Gor-

ing’s face.

  “You must congratulate me, too,”
Rhoda went on, viciously tearing a rose
bud to pieces. He had made her suffer
—perhaps in turn she would hurt him.
“I am engaged to Captain Townsend."

  “No!” he cried sharply. He took a
step toward her as if his towering bulk
might overwhelm her into a denial.
Rage seized him for a moment—it had
meant nothing to her after all. She
had let him kiss her lightly as pretty
girls sometimes do; he had held her in
his arms close against his heart and the
dreams he had dreamed were all lies.

  What did his advancement mean to
him now? She was going to marrv
another. The home and position he
had gloated over because he could have
given them to her, what did it amount
to, after all?

  “Good-bye, Miss Waler,” he said at
last, breaking the strained silence as the
bruised petals of the flower fluttered to
his feet. “I shall not go up to the bun-
galow just now; I’ll pay my respects to
Mrs. Townsend later. I hope you will
be very happy.” His voice was not
quite steady.' “I know he will be if
you love him.” He held out his hand
to her, but she trembled so she could
not touch his fingers.

  He looked down at her sharply. How
dark the shadows were under her blue
eyes! For a moment the desire to take
her in his arms, to feel again the sweet-
ness of her close against his heart,
stirred the man’s every sense; but she
did not love him—she was going to
marry Townsend. In honor he was
bound to go away and leave her, not to
see her any more.

  He would refuse the new appoint-
ment. It would be madness for him to
try and live in the same station with
her; he cared too much, he would al-
ways care. He would apply for a trans-
fer to another post where climatic con-

ditions made for frequent vacancies.

  “I shall say good-bye again, Miss
Waler,” he said. “I shall not see you
again. I am leaving Tashi directly.”

  “But,” faltered Rhoda, “I thought
you were to be the Political Agent
here.”

  “I shall not accept,” he answered.

  “Why?” she asked. She could not
be blind now, nor harden herself com-
pletely to the suffering in his eyes.

  “Because I love you,” he answered in
a low voice. “I could not tell you that
before. I had nothing to offer you—
and I cannot tell you now. I have been
a conceited fool. Good-bye,” and he
turned away from her.

  Above her head a hawk circled grace-
fully. There was a roaring in the girl’s
ears. Out on the road she could hear a
motor stop again before the gates of the
compound. Instinctively she reached
out her hands; it had all been a ghastly
mistake—he cared after all—nothing
else mattered.

  “Don’t go!” she breathed, but so
softly that he scarcely heard.

  He turned to her.

  “You mean—” he cried, his voice
trembling.

  She lifted her face to his. “I love
you,” she said simply. “I loved you
from the first—but I did not think you
—liked me.”

  “Didn’t like you!” he cried, crushing
her hands in his..

  “I have been so sick,” the girl went
on, “and they were all so good to me;
I should have died if it hadn’t bee* for
his mother. I suppose it was weak of
me, but I couldn’t say ‘no’ and I was
sure you had forgotten me.”

  “My girl, my poor little girl,” he
said, holding her hungrily against his
breast. He lifted her face and looked
into her eyes. “You believe now that I
have not forgotten you—that I care?”
and he kissed her on the lips.

  There was a step behind them on the
Love in the Jungle

35

gravel path, a spray of roses swayed
violently.

  “Beg pardon,” said Larry Townsend,
his young face desperately white.

  “Larry,” said the girl, “I’ve done
wrong. Though you may come to for-
give me, I shall not forgive myself. I
never loved you as I should have done,
but I hadn’t the courage to refuse
you.”

  “I knew you did not care the way I
did,” the boy answered. “I thought 111
time I could make you. I see now that
was impossible.” And he glanced bit-
terly at Goring.

  “You are angry at me,” she said
sadly.

  “How could I be,” he said. “I love
you very much; I don’t regret that and
just knowing you has given me back

everything I thought was gone. I’m
not going to lose out just because the
odds are against me.” He turned away
for a moment, his lips twitching, then
he held out his hand to Goring.

  “Good luck, old man,” he said hoarse-
ly. “Be good to her.”

  “God helping me, I will,” said Gor-
ing.

  “I wish it had been I they’d sent to
fix up the Santals and you to fight the
Turks,” the boy said with a whimsical
smile, and turning slowly, left them.

  Hand in hand, the man and the girl
watched him go.

  In the deepening twilight a thousand
fireflies flitted in the shrubbery like tiny
dancing stars, a crescent moon swung
fairly in the violet sky, as, hidden by
the roses, Goring kissed her again.

 T ragedy

 By Frederick Moxon

 YOU did not know 1 And I must live
 Remembering the hurt, whose pain
 A poignant memory shall remain,
 Although 1 love you, and forgive.

                      You did not know.

 It was not any word you said

      (Your speech was honeyed kindliness),
 That turned my joy to swift distress
 And struck my dearest rapture dead.

                      You did not know.

  I	smiled, and still dgnced on, for O!

      How women hide their hurts from men:
 And yet I could have killed you, when
 tYou kicked the chilblain on my toe!

                      You did not know.
Reflections of a Vampire

                By June Gibson

I

GAZE at Paul through
lowered lashes and he
thinks I tempt . . . and
parrts. ... If I looked
open-eyed upon his freck-
led nose and florid neck I
would order him from
the house.

II

  Harry’s wife does not know that
there are two kinds of wives: those
who manage their husbands and those
who pretend they do not.

III

  Wiien I pass my hands lingeringly
across Robert’s sleek hair, he trembles.
He does not know that my jeweled
fingers are more pleasing to look upon
than the top of his head where it is
beginning to grow bald.

IV

  JonN brings me pearls to match my
exquisite beauty. When he comes
again I am wearing a clever duplicate
of paste. . . . The pearls are edu-
cating my grandchildren.

V

  Peter thrills at my anger when he
drops a roll of crisp green bills in my

lap. It pleases him to think my love
for him genuine, not to be bought.
... I am angry because he gives me
the bills before my servant to whom I
owe three months’ wages.

VI

  As I throw myself with abandon in-
to Vincent’s arms he does not know
that his scarf pin is being concealed in
the folds of my gown.

VII

  Yesterday Frank’s wife pleaded
with me. She does not know that it
is better to have a husband who is
false than to have no husband to be
false.

VIII

  I clutch my bosom when Harold
kisses me. He- imagines he has aroused
my passion. ... I catch the odor of
corned beef and cabbage escaping
from the kitchen.

IX	>

  There are two kinds of women:
those who are not afraid of mice
and those who have well-shaped
legs.
Limbering Up Ebenezer

By Harry Irving Shumway

NCE a man there was, a
fat man, strange to say,
who just loved to have
money around him. He
didn’t have the first nickel
he ever made because he
swapped it for a dime
with another kid; he told the other kid
that the nickel was bigger than the
dime and therefore must be worth lots
more.

  This Ebenezer went from boyhood to
manhood and only one person had ever
seen him spend anything. But how
could this trusting observer know that
it was a lead nickel that the tightwad
was springing on a slot machine for
chocolate ?

  Shortly after he had got so used to
walking in long pants that his gait had
little or no suggestion of the spring halt,
he began to look around for a cheap
wife. Sad to say, most of the girls
in his town cared for candy. Many of
them had been known to express a de-
sire to attend dances. Flowers he
wasn’t afraid of; was not the wayside
unprofitably gay with the choicest
blooms that any girl could wish? It
was a long still-hunt and many times
he lost the scent and had to go back and
pick up the long, long trail all over
again. But he had the tenacity of a coon
hound. If there was an inexpensive
wife ii embryo or any other place, he
would bring her to earth. So one day
he espied one who had all the earmarks
of a girl who might become passionate-
ly fond of a calico wrapper. She fitted
into the landscape, which was mostly of
granite.

  ‘‘Do you really like water to drink?”
asked the Ebenezer, as he watched her
sipping from the tin dipper at the well.

  “I love it. It is the only drink in the
world,” she answered, smiling.

  “What beautiful teeth you have! I’ll
bet you never eat candy; otherwise
those pearls would not shine so.”

  “I loathe it,” replied the one made to
order.

  “What is that gown you have on, cal-
ico or gingham?” he inquired, his hands
trembling like those of one reaching for
a blind man’s cup.

  “Neither. It is a cotton print. Don’t
you love it?”

  The Ebenezer had to dig his finger-
nails into the palms of his hands to
keep from yelling “Hallelujah.” He
plucked a spray of goldenrod from the
roadside and presented it to her.

  “Oh, how sweet! Thank you.”
“Wait here,” breathed the pecuniary
Lothario. He skipped first and second,
and went right into high speed, headed
in the general direction of the Town
Hall. As he passed the half-mile post
he remembered that the Congregational
minister owed him two bucks. The
Ebenezer had been raised an Episcopa-
lian, but two bucks are two bucks and
the knot would be tied by the Congre-
gationalism

  As he breezed abaft the three-quarter
post, breathing a bit but compression
one hundred per cent, he recalled that
he had something coming from a brake-
man on the P. & R. The P. & R. was
only a branch road, boasting of a pano-
rama of stock-yards, rolling mills and
much swamp. But what place has

37
38

Limbering Up Ebenezer

scenery when two economical hearts
beat in rhythm? The brakeman had a
pass for self and wife was the idea.
The Ebenezer could take it away from
him and use it himself.

  He had to put on both brakes to keep
from going right through the Town
Hall. At the sign marked “Licenses”
he stopped.

   “I would like a license,” he remarked.

7 “Dog or Marriage?” inquired the offi-
cial wag.

  “How much are they?”

  “Dog two dollars, Marriage one dol-
lar.”

  “Gimme a Marriage license then,”
said Ebenezer, beginning to feel that it
really was a better bargain than he had
thought.

  The two gay birds, now man and
wife, eased out of the home town on
the milk train the next morning. The
sun came up just as they opened up the
shoe box of tongue sandwiches and
home-made pickles. And it was a glo-
rious sight. At the Junction he punched
the slot for a small piece of gum. He
broke it in two pieces, putting one into
his mouth and retrieving the other to
Bessie. She was, as he had surmised,
staggered with the munificence of the
gift. The thing was going off beauti-
fully. About ten miles further on, a
driving shaft broke and the engineer
had to stop for repairs. Was it not
Providence itself that had snapped the
steel right in the midst of the loveliest
bed of wild roses? The Ebenezer gar-
nered a huge bouquet of these and
brought them to his sweetheart. She
said she had never seen such wonderful
flowers and he smiled like a man who
has just been notified by the Savings
Bank that he had deposited to the
limit.

  The turtle-doves flew into town late
that night in a cloud of soft coal smoke,
but happy. The exchequer had been
called upon to the extent of one cent.

It was the end of an almost perfect day,
the penny spoiling the score.

  They went to housekeeping in a little
gray house, with Gothic here and there,
mixed with a little real American 1881
period. There were no iron setters
guarding the moat, but from the back
attic window you could catch a glimpse
of Swift River.

  When ten years had been marked off
by the speedometer, Bessie found that
her mileage had been good, but that
speed had been sadly lacking. Even
though one at eighteen sees nothing but
beauty in a cotton print of Persian de-
rivation, it is no sign that later on it
will still bring the same throb of pleas-
ure. Though goldenrod may have
seemed pretty once, it gives some people
hay fever. And after a while one sees
there is so much water in the world that
it would be hopeless to try to drink all
of it. In other words, ten years had
made Bessie long for the things she
often read about in the magazine that
came to the house, free of charge, every
month.

  The Ebenezer was so enraptured with
addition that he had forgotten all about
that charming pastime, subtraction.

  Along about this time, Bessie’s sister
from the city paid her a visit. Six
trunks preceded her and more were to
follow. When Ebenezer met her at the
station he took a long breath before
checking up the inventory. Her clothes,
he knew, amounted to enough to clear
the mortgage on the church. Had he
thought quickly enough he would have
put her back on the train, but by the
time his brain had worked it out cor-
rectly the wheels were rolling along.

  Of course the sisters had a good long
talk, when the Ebenezer had gone back
to the works. That is, sister talked.
Bessie listened.

  “Dear, I can see that you have some-
thing coming to you. How long have
you been here?”
Limbering Up Ebenezer

39

  "Ten years.”

  “Have you ever seen a movie?”
  “Once.”

  “Can you do the fox-trot?”

  “What is it?”

  “How often does Ebenezer bring
you orchids?”

  “Never. I don’t care for fruit.”
“Well, let’s have a cocktail and talk
things over.”

  “We sold the poultry two weeks ago.
Ebenezer said the market was right.”
“It is as I thought,” said sister, roll-
ing up her sleeves. “Listen. This
Midas X. Bluebeard has perpetrated
high crime upon you. You have been
in jail ten years and never even asked
the guard the way out. First, where
does the ogre keep the scads, the ma-
zuma, the pieces of eight?”

  “If you mean money, every bank in
the county.”

  “Have you ever asked for any of it?”
“Once. Then when I saw how cruel
I was to even think of it I was so sorry.
He forgave me though, after a while.”
Sister looked at her long and thought-
fully. Then she told her all about it.
When she got through, Bessie realized
how thoroughly well done she had been.
The light broke through the mist and
birds began to twitter.

  “It is going to be rough work, getting
this Reserve Bank to come across.
What is his weakness ?” asked sister.

  “Carry on. You are on vacant land,”
answered Bessie, or words to that effect.

  “Then we must get something on him.
Has he ever done anything that
wouldn’t check up with Blackstone?
Has he ever toyed with the widows and
orphans?”

  “He has never actually murdered
anybody with a knife,” answered the
wronged wife. “But the other things,
I guess, he has done.”

  “You are sure?”

  “Fairly. Nobody has ever been able
to bring him up short. But with your

advice and what I know, maybe we can
do it.”

  “Good,” said sister. “I fancy I can
hear the purse-strings loosening now.”

  Suffice it to say that the work was
done. These two innocent women gath-
ered enough general and particular in-
formation to satisfy the most fastidious.
Bessie unlocked the volcano one night
at supper.

  “Ebenezer,” she said, with the utmost
assurance, “I want twenty thousand
dollars.”

  A wound like that is liable to bring on
fatal results, but Ebenezer had faced
many a wronged party and he had the
recipe.

  “Ha, ha ! That’s a good one. Where
did you get it? Out of the magazine,
I’ll bet. Tell me another while I eat.”

  “This isn’t on the funny page, Eben-
ezer. Kindly be good to my ears and
lay off the soup. Now let’s begin.”

  Ebenezer didn’t believe he was living,
but decided to say nothing. Bessie
went on.

  “For ten years you have been my hus-
band, and if you wish to continue in
that role, why you may have the same
part, but there will be new stage busi-
ness. Any wife ought to have at least
two thousand dollars a year for herself
to keep the ennui from the door. Ten
of these years would be twenty thou-
sand dollars, just the amount I asked
you for. You see, I am generous; I
haven’t asked for any interest while you
have had the money. Although, I ex-
pect you will force it on me anyway.
Now, Eb, if the money is forthcoming
and a regular monthly amount at that
rate henceforth, why we can go right
ahead with the soup. Otherwise we
talk on.

  “Madame, you are either crazy or the
victim of something. I refuse to listen
to you.”

  “Why, you old rat,” hissed the ten-
year Rip Van Winkle. “You say you
40

Limbering Up Ebenezer

won’t listen to me? If you don’t want
the skids put under you, you had better
harken. I have enough 011 you to send
you to the pen for 400 years. You were
too clever for anybody else to check
you up, but I have it on you.”

  “What d’you mean ?” gasped the Eb-
enezer, backed against the wall.

  “How about the bonds you stole from
Widow Wilkes? How about the pho-
ney mortgage you foreclosed on Mrs.
Smith? How about the perfectly good
railway bonds you transferred for
worthless oil stock, while trustee for
Bascom’s boy ? How about that d al
with old blind Peters? And the other
dirty job you did to Old Man Jenkins?
Do you want the whole list ?”
“Enough!” squealed Ebenezer.

  “Well, how about it ? Am I going to
wear orchids for breakfast or do you

want to swap that alpaca coat for a
striped one?”

  “You win, my dear,” said Ebenezer.
"Shall I bring it home or bank it for
you ?”

  “I want one of those dinky little
checkbooks. Have it upholstered in
mauve and plenty of blanks.”

  Bessie left two days later for the big
city. Her plan was to enjoy everything
there was there, and send home what
she didn’t have time for at the moment.

  Everything was working fine and the
dollars were chasing each other like
automobiles out of Detroit, when one
day the Ebenezer got up nerve enough
to ask Bessie how she found him out.

  “Easy,” she answered. “You talk
fluently and in detail every night in your
sleep.”

  If you have no sister, ask a friend.

 Desire

  By Hale Merriman

   I’D like to marry one of them—

Kitty, bright and naughty—

       Jolly, carefree little Em’—

  Evelyn, who’s haughty—

      There’s Katherine, who’s very fair—
         But neither fat nor forty—

      And Dixie, with the baby stare—

  And Geraldine—sporty—

      Dear Pollyanua, fond of wine—

   Alice, pert and saucy—

      Cora, June and Adeline—

  Even Corrinne, bossy—

      To hold my lips against the gem
        Of one’s sweet lips would salve be;

      I’d like to marry one of them—

If—one of them would have me!
The Green Hat

 V. Omar Whitehead

HE street was deserted
save for the usual be-
rated policeman, and a
few amorous cats, which
oblivious to all but
“1’amour,” made pledges
and sang serenades in
their fashion, even though draggled and
cold from the fog which mantled all in
a diaphanous but disagreeable cloak,
through which the moon shone fitfully.

  It was in that part of the city which
belonged to the Bohemian element, and
though eminently respectable to look
at, was often the scene of boisterous
hilarity; but now even the night hawk
had long since wobbled his way home.
The fog had put down a dampener
against which even the spontaneous
spirits of Bohemia could not prevail,
and one might, at this hour, imagine
that these houses were inhabited by the
most sober of longhairs.

  On the steps of a house rather more
pretentious than its neighbors, two cats
sang in melancholy unison, and nearby
the policeman seeking what shelter he
could find, enjoyed even their compan-
ionship, as compared to the deadly hush
of the fog blanketed street. Without^
preface, the door of the house was
suddenly flung open, and the cats with
one dismal but most vociferous yowl
sprang apart, and there followed a si-
lence so profound that the policeman
could hear the heavy breathing of the
man who stood for a moment in the
doorway; a red shaded lamp somewhere
back in the interior, throwing his fig-
ure into a shadowy silhouette. Leaving
the door slightly ajar the man ran
sw'iftly but none too steadily down the

steps and turned along the street away
from the policeman. Used to such
sights, the guardian of the peace
watched the man disappear in the mist.
And now that the entertaining cats had
vanished, the hushed silence, which only
a fog can produce, left him no other
companionship than that of his own
footfalls, so he continued pn his beat.

  He had taken but a few steps when
the stillness was broken by shrieks, the
shrieks of a woman in terror, perhaps
in mortal agony, a light in the house
flashed on and off, and the screams died
down, or as the policeman thought, were
choked back, and again there was the
peculiar quietness of the fog laden air.

  The neighbors used to all kinds of
noises, paid no attention, but the police-
man, his professional acumen aroused,
investigated.

  The following morning Brainerd
Bennison was late down to breakfast,
and his wife, a little dark-eyed woman,
remarked with a suggestion of reproach
in her voice, as she handed him the
inorning paper.

  “You had to work late again on that
old case last night. I might just as
well be a doctor’s wife, the little I see
of you.”

  And Bennison snapped back, as a man
will when trying to cover his own fail-
ings,

  “Well, why didn’t you marry Doctor
Illington, he wanted you bad enough,
and you still seem to enjoy his atten-
tions.”

  After a momen’s hesitation which
Bennison did not notice, she said: “I
think you are horrid, Brainerd. Ever
since little Marie came I have seen less

41
42

The Green Hat

and iess of you. It’s no wonder I—”
“There, Aileen, I’m sorry, I’m upset
this morning. I was thinking on my
way home last night we would start in
studying my cases together again,” he
propitiated, reaching over and patting
her hand which rested on the table be-
side him.

  “Oh, that would be lovely. Do you
really mean it? Why what’s the mat-
ter? You are hurting me, Brainerd!”
Looking down at him she saw beads
of perspiration break out on his fore-
head, as gripping both newspaper and
her hand he gazed fixedly at the bold
headings which confronted him, and
Aileen following his eyes read over his
shoulder, “Attempted Murder Of Doris
Dacre. Only Clue A Man’s Green
Hat.”

  “Why she is your client in the case
you were working on last night, isn’t
she, Brainerd ?”

 “Yes—I— Good God!” he ex-
claimed, as he ran his hand back over
his head. “It can’t be true.”

  Aileen read aloud; “The Only Clue
A Man’s Green Hat!”

  “You needn’t read it aloud, I’m quite
capable of reading for myself,” Brain-
erd interrupted irritably, and added
nervously. “I must get down to the
office they—they may need me.”

  “But, Brainerd, you haven't eaten any
breakfast.”

  “No, I can’t eat any, either. You do
not understand how—how this has up-
set me.” He pushed her aside almost
roughly as he went past her into the
hall.

  As he was putting on his coat Aileen
opened the door to the hall, which he
had closed.

  “You are not going without kissing
me, are you, dear?”

  “Why, no, of course not,” he replied,
and kissing her somewhat hurriedly, he
said,

  “There, don’t stand in the hall, it’s

cold,” at the same time taking her by
the arm he urged her back into the room
and closed the door, making sure that
it was latched; he turned to the hat
rack, took down a hat and left.

  Aileen, when she heard the door close,
went to the window and looked out af-
ter him, then back to the hall where
she glanced at the hat rack, and stood
pondering a few moments; presently
she gave her shoulders a little shake as
if to throw off a burden, and went up-
stairs to little Marie.

  Brainerd Bennison did not go to the
office that day, but telephoned instead
that he would be out of town. His
partner, junior in age and action, sur-
mising to the stenographer, remarked,
“Gone on a little detective work in
the Dacre case, I expect. I shouldn’t
wonder if the attack on her was con-
nected with the damage suit.”

  “Well, I dunno,” disagreed the sten-
ographer, who was perhaps a little older
than the junior partner. “Maybe he
has, but I’ve a sneaking idea he’d be
studying the case at the hospital.
Where is this damage suit I’d like to
know? I think it’s a cam-u-flage. You
know yourself there have been no pa-
pers, indeed nothing drawn up, except
two chairs in his office. I don’t be-
lieve there was ever anything damaged
but her character and you can’t damage
what’s already spoilt.”

  The junior partner drew himself up
with the dignity which he supposed his
position demanded.

  “I think, Miss Goran, we are assum-
ing too much. Will you please take this
letter?”

  And Miss Goran, because stenogra-
phy was her living, her profession, if
you please, said no more, at least not
to the junior partner, but—she had
many friends who found her quite en-
tertaining as a raconteur.

  Contrary to their imaginings, Brain-
erd Bennison had gone to the hills,
The Green Hat

43

where seated with his back to a rock,
in a secluded spot some distance from
the regular trail, he took out the news-
paper and was again confronted by the
glaring headlines that seemed to have
been seared into his brain.

  He read again: “Attempted Murder
of Doris Dacre. Only Clue Man's
Green Hat.” With nerve tensed mus-
cles he continued through the narration
which followed.

  “Doris Dacre, who won her way into
the hearts of the multitude with her
wonderful voice and most human por-
trayals, will never again delight the
senses of her patrons and admirers.
She was found stabbed, probably to
death, and the only clue to her assassin
thus far discoverable, is a man's green
hat, which he most evidently forgot in
his hurry to escape before her screams
brought assistance; screams which the
knife wound in her throat had sudden-
ly shut off.

  “Admired by all men and sought by
many, she whose voice and personal
charm have brought her many tri-
umphs, is now lying at death’s door in
St. Bartholomew’s Hospital. Unable to
speak and according to the doctors
never again likely to; though they are
still hoping against hope that she will
recover sufficiently to give the name of
her cowardly assassin.

  “Conjecture naturally points to jeal-
ousy as the cause; for a woman of her
magnetic power, whose beautiful form
and sparkling vitality have been the
envy of women and the admiration of
men, is sure to have lovers, and it is
suggested that among them may be
found the murderer. The ordinary
stage Johnnies may easily be eliminated
for they would never have the nerve
nor the strength, which, according to
the condition of the room and its con-
tents, must have been used in the
struggle.

  “It might have been a jealous woman,

for more than one married man has
worshipped at her shrine, but the green
hat is mute though convincing evidence
to the contrary, and those who have
seen Miss Dacre say that everything
points to the fact that a man both physi-
cally and passionately strong committed
the crime.

  “The police are sure that it will be
easy to trace the owner of the hat and
are promising some startling develop-
ments before night.

  “In an interview, Policeman Leary,
who found Miss Dacre, deposed that he
was attracted by her screams, and that
a short time before hearing them he had
seen a man leave her house, but had
paid little attention to this.

  “ ‘Them Bohemians have company at
all times of the night,’ he explained.

  “He was unable to see what the man
looked like, or to say if he wore a hat,
it was too foggy to see. But, he volun-
teered, there had been one man calling
pretty frequently of late, who wore a
hat like the one found, whom he
thought he could identify should he see
him. He believed the man whom he
saw leave the house had time to return
before he heard the screams, and stated
he had stumbled over the green hat as
he entered the room where he found
Miss Dacre, and upon seeing that she
still breathed he had called an ambu-
lance.”

  There were more details and some
suppositions advanced, all of which
Bennison read and re-read till his brain
seemed dulled and every nerve tingled.

  “Fool,” he said to the surrounding
hills. “Fool! to leave my hat.”

  Thrusting the newspaper in his inside
pocket, he rose and walked off at a
nervous speed, he did not know why
nor where, only that he was climbing,
that the physical exercise was what he
needed to offset the turmoil of his
brain.

  As he walked his brain cleared, and
44

The Green Hat

he saw himself in a new light. He
became his own denunciator. He tore
his character to shreds. He had a vi-
sion of himself in court his life held
up to public view, and winced.

  Women always appealed to Bennison,
especially if they gave him a little flat-
tery, but he soon tired of them, he
wanted variety, the excitement of the
chase; still through every affair he had
always loved his wife. No one could
take her place.

  Women, ct id genus omne, stirred
him, but being aesthetic in his taste, his
affaires d'amour had been limited.

  It was, he accused himself, his fear of
public opinion which held him in check,
for he had always managed to carry
his amours to an exciting pitch, and,
well, he had never gotten himself into
trouble before.

  His common sense had told him to
keep away from actresses, but Doris
Dacre had been irresistible, and last
night had been the culmination. If
only he had brought away his hat, no
one need have known. Of course, they
would find that she had cut her own
throat; he had not thought she would
do that. The doctors said she might
not recover, he hoped she would not,
then hated himself for the thought, giv-
ing, however, the sop to his conscience
that it would be better than to ruin the
happiness of his wife and baby.

  He saw himself hung by circumstan-
tial evidence; the tracing of the hat and
the recognition by the policeman, con-
victing him.

  One moment he was filled with self
pity, the next he was blurting out self
accusations. Fear of the consequences
was followed by resolutions and prom-
ises that if he ever got out of this he
would forever leave women alone.

  He understood for the first time that
the sanctity of the home depends as
much 011 the man as on the woman.

  Scared and contrite, in this hour he

  was sure that all women save his wife
were anathema. He had walked over
mountains and through gullies, paying
little attention to where he was going,
till tired mentally and physically, his
thoughts turned to home and wife. She
at least would not believe him guilty
of murder. And of the other? If she
knew, perhaps she would condone, for-
give.

  At home comfort awaited for both
body and spirit; so like a wayward child
who had run away from punishment,
and found the terrors mentally con-
jured worse than the penalty he had
fled, he turned back home willing to
take the punishment, because he knew
it w'ould be tempered by love.

  Avoiding frequented places, going by
by-ways, he drew near his home. De-
siring but fearing to hear what devel-
opments had evolved during the day he
gave a wide berth to all places where
such news might be heard.

  As lie drew nearer home his thoughts
flew thick and fast, wavering between
a resolve to make a clean breast of all
his actions and relations between Doris
Dacre and himself, to a self-imposed
view of the situation which pictured the
suffering of his wife and child. He told
himself it was for their sake he must
avoid any disclosure, but knew it was
himself of whom he was thinking.

  Half a block from his house he saw
the light from the front room glowing
across the sidewalk, and knew his wife
was waiting for him, that little Marie
would be expecting some candy, and af-
ter giving him a big “yug” as she called
it. would begin searching his pockets, a
game they played when he reached
home before she went to bed ; which, of
late, had not been often, he remembered.

  For a moment he stood outside, and
a wave of love surged through him,
love for his home, his wife and child.
The travail of his conscience and the re-
birth of his love contending with his
The Green Hat

45

Selfishness seemed as if it would tear
him apart. A sob rose in his throat, of
love or self pity, possibly of both, but
he knew in that moment he loved his
wife and child, that their love and re-
spect was more to be desired than all
the flatteries and passions of secret
paramours.

  Quietly he inserted the key in the
door, and opened and closed it behind
him. The hall was dimly lighted by one
small globe set in the ceiling; its one
object seemingly to make shadows
rather than to give light.

  He took off his hat, reached out to
hang it on the rack and stopped mid-
way, his eyes staring wildly. Was it
an hallucination? His green hat hung
there! Then they had found him. Gone
now was his bravery, he would have
run away only he thought detectives
had seen him enter the house, and had
surrounded it to prevent his escape,
perhaps they were in the house. He
looked into the shadows.

  Trembling he reached out to see if
the hat were real, and the nervous shak-
ing of his hand dislodged something
which fell with a loud clatter to the
floor. He heard whispered words in
the room, followed by a silence, then
receding footsteps, and his ears attuned
by fright, detected lighter ones as if tip-
toeing, coming toward him; he dis-
tinctly heard the opening and closing
of a door in the back of the house.
Paralyzed he braced himself against the
moment when he should feel the hand
on his shoulder and hear a voice pro-
claim his arrest.

  The door to the front room opened,
he watched it fascinated, expecting he
knew not what, and when his wife stood
revealed in the flood of light, he blink-
ingly looked beyond her seeking that
which his fear led him to expect. Con-
scious that his wife was talking nerv-
ously he let her lead him into the dining
room, his eyes searching, his senses

  alert, he heard but did not sense her
words. Seated at the table he took the
evening paper which she held out to
him, while his eyes searched her face.
Supersensitive, he read there that she
knew, and because her eyes would not
meet his own, supposed she was trying
to keep it from him.

  As she would have left him, he said
in a voice that did not sound like his
own.

  "Wait, Aileen."

  But the look on her face when she
returned he could not interpret.

  “It is useless,” he said looking away
and trying to control his voice, “for
you to pretend,” he paused and cleared
his throat—had he been looking he
would have seen Aileen grasp the door
for support—“to pretend you do not
know, it was my green hat which was
found at Doris Dacre’s. I saw that you
suspected it this morning, and, of
course, now that the police have brought
it back—”

 “Brought it back I Your hat?"
Aileen stammered.

  “Let me finish, dear. I have spent
the day in retrospections and self crim-
inations. I have not been as loyal to
you as I expected you to be to me. I
saw where I might be accused of mur-
der, and it was the faith that you would
believe in my innocence which brought
me back."

  He read relief in her face.

  “And, Aileen, I want you to know
that the events of the last twenty-four
hours have brought me to my senses.
I am going to be different, but it is no
use my making promises. Will you
take me back, at least on probation?”

  “Why, Brainerd I—I— Yes—I ?"

  She stuttered with a confusion for
which at the time he could not account,
but waiting no longer, he pushed his
chair back so that it fell over, went
quickly to her and took her in his arms, j

  Still ardourously clasping her, he.
46

The Green Hat

asked, “When did they bring back my
hat?” As she hesitated, he added, “I
saw it in the hall, you know.”

  He felt Aileen turn cold in his arms,
and saw her eyes grow round with
fear.

  “Come, dear,” he encouraged, “I can
stand the worst.”

  “They didn’t bring it,” Aileen whis-
pered in a frightened "voice. “It—is—
was—” she hesitated, sparring for time.
Then suddenly:

  “You say you saw I suspected about
the hat this morning. Well, when I
read the paper and noticed you did not
wear your green hat, and then later that
it was not on the rack, I went out and
b—”

 “Daddy! Daddy, you did come
back! Now muwy it’s my turn to be
yugged.” And Marie in her tiny blue
pajamas pushed in between them, and
clambered up till her soft arms were
entwined around his neck.

  The tears started from his eyes.
There was nothing in all the world
worth this, and he held her close to his
heart.

  “Yere ’at was a big yug,” she de-
clared in her baby talk and climbed
down. “Now, where is my candy?”
she asked.

  He let her search for a while, en-
joying the ramblings of her tiny hands.
Impetuously he picked her up.

  “Daddy,” he said, “forgot all about
your candy, Marie, so he’ll have to put

some money in your bank.” And with
much ceremony he deposited “a whole
big nickel.”

  “Now, Marie, must go to bed like a
good little girl,” he enjoined, and glan-
cing over at Aileen who still stood by
the door white and immobile, he added:
“poor muvvy's tired.”

  “Muvvy?” inquired Marie without
warning, “Why did the man go ’ivout
his pitty green hat?”

  Brainerd shot a glance at his wife,
who was leaning heavily on the door.
“What man, Marie?” he asked.
“Why, Doctor Illington, he went out
the back door like this.” She struggled
from his arms and tiptoed out of the
door looking back over her shoulder.

  Brainerd did not look at his wife, in-
stead he chased Marie crying:

  “You rascal, run along to bed,” and
gave her a spank as she ran up the
stairs.

  Returning he found his wife still
standing, but now in a defiant attitude.
Ignoring the challenge in her eyes he
clasped her in his arms and kissed her,
then suddenly burst out laughing.
Aileen pulled away from him.

  “I don’t see anything to laugh at,”
she bristled.

  He held her at arm’s length and
Smiled teasingly,

  “Don’t you? Well, I was thinking
that now, it will be Illington who will
have to worry about the loss of a green
hat.”

R ROTIIER—“Do you
*■' play?”

   Sister—“Why not?
over their heads.”

think father and mother ought to be allowed to
They’re so old-fashioned that its risque lines

see this
will be
Whose Was the Hand?

              By Francis Harmer

HE doctor turned sym-
pathetically to the wife,
as she followed him
from her husband’s
room.

  “You will try stimu-
lants?” she said. Her
voice sounded like the muted strings of
a violin. It was low, and rich, but curi-
ously muffled.

  He shook his head.

  “My dear Madam—if you insist. But
my many years of practice have shown
me that stimulants are often—a need-
less cruelty. He is passing peacefully,
painlessly away. Stimulants would
possibly prolong his life by some hours
and deprive him of that passing. He
might die in agony. Can you wish
that ?”

  The wife, a tall, slender woman, with
an oval face of much calm and passion-
less beauty, shook her head. The doc-
tor, looking at her, wondered what lay
behind that placid exterior. He re-
membered to have heard that the Cal-
houns were reported as rather unhap-
pily mated—yet she seemed anxious to
have all done that could be done, for
her dying husband.

  “I am sure,” the pause had been per-
ceptible, “that you know best.”

  “Of course,” the physician answered,
hastily, “I am more than willing for a
consultation, if—”

  Mrs. Calhoun lifted her hand.

  “You are at the head of the medical
profession within reach,” she negatived.
“It would be—useless”

  She bowed him out, and turned to
face the nurse, who was coming out of

the dining room. She seemed almost
out of place in the darkened, gloomy
house, for she was young and rosy,
and her blue eyes were full of fire and
feeling. She carried a little tray on
which Mrs. Calhoun saw' a spirit lamp,
a bowl of beef tea, and a spoon. ,

  “The doctor said no more stimu-
lants,” Mrs. Calhoun reminded her.

  “I know, Mrs. Calhoun. But I saved
my mother’s life—she is well and hearty
now—by disregarding the doctor’s or-
ders, and giving her, every thirty sec-
onds, alternate half tea spoonfuls of
fine champagne and beef tea—no more
than half a teaspoonful. The doctor
said nothing could do any harm. Won’t
you let me try?”

  “How long did you keep that up?”
Mrs. Calhoun’s dark eyes were staring
out in the darkness of the rear
hall.

  “All night, I think. The time went
by like a flash. If you will let me—?”
“No.” Eleanor Calhoun took the
tray from the nurse’s hand. “I will do
that—myself. Bring me the cham-
pagne, will you? Opened, of cqurse.
And you sleep in the little room, that I
may call you, if there is need.”

  The nurse, though obviously disap-
pointed, obeyed at once. Mrs. Calhoun
went slowly into the sick room and ar-
ranged a stand near her husband’s side,
pulling a chair into place, adding cush-
ions and a footstool, that she might
have the necessary physical ease in her
work.

  The nurse re-entered the room, with
the bottle and glass, and another spoon.
Then, with unfeigned reluctance she

47
48

Whose Was the Hand?

left the wife to what might be the
watches by the dead—or, might not!

  Eleanor looked at the invalid. A big
man, with evidences of having been a
handsome one. His hair, longer than
he wore it when in health, curled over
the broad, white brow. The regular
features had already settled, it seemed
to her, into the peace of death.

  For a few minutes the wife sat very
still on her elevated seat, the restora-
tives within easy reach, the flame of the
spirit lamp under the bubbling liquid
turned to its lowest. Pier mind, a va-
grant wanderer, swept the past five
years of her married life.

  Two had been of ecstatic bliss—for
with all her heart and soul, her jealous
heart, her fiery soul, she had loved the
man she married. The third had been
clouded by the fear that his passion
was dying, the fourth darkened by the
certainty that her fears were realized,
the last had been aflame with anguish
and fury when she knew that he had,
for two years, been absorbed, at inter-
vals with Marion Beresford. Marion,
younger than herself, beautiful, bril-
liant, intellectual, a woman who laughed
at convention, yet of whom the world
spoke kindly. One man, she remem-
bered, had called the lovely and daring
young widow a reincarnation of As-
pasia! And Eleanor, who was not men-
tally endowed, whom books other than
the lightest fiction bored, had grown
to know that whole tracts of her hus-
band’s mind were unexplored, as far as
her researches went—that he knew
things, thought of things, was inter-
ested in things whose very names were
meaningless to her ears.

  Once, she had been content that her
beauty enthralled him. Now, she was
jealous of his thoughts.

  His illness had given her a ferocious
joy. His mistress could not penetrate
the fastnesses of the home of her lov-
er’s wife. From the day on which the

epidemic had smitten him down, he
had been her own, her very own. The
nurse first chosen had been dismissed
on a clumsy pretext because she had
been professionally authoritative and
had tried to bar the wife on the plea
that her visits sent up the patient’s tem-
perature! The little one who had fi-
nally pleased her was less experienced,
more docile.

  And now, with the night falling about
her, with the doors closed, he was her
own—while he lived.

  Of his death, she thought quite calm-
ly. A grave that she could visit daily,
that she could keep beautiful with flow-
ers, making it a monument to her own
devotion—that would be peace, almost
bliss, compared to the Dejanira robe of
flame in which she would see his first
convalescent strength employed—to call
on Marion Beresford ! No, she was de-
termined. She had saved the officious
little nurse from subjecting her to that
renewal of torture. A flame swept over
her at the thought of Marion, watching
for his car, Marion, flying down the
steps to meet him, Marion, drawing him
with both hands into her flower-filled
room, and inducting him into her deep-
est chair, Marion, offering restoratives,
Marion, smiling, kneeling beside him,
lifting her face—!

  The wine and the extract under her
hand should remain untouched. The
painless passing that meant peace to
him, and to her own soul, should not
be interfered with, nor delayed. But,
that the little blue-eyed nurse might
not suspect, the alcohol in the lamp
should burn itself out, and, when the
gray morning dawned, she would throw
away the beef tea and the right quan-
tity of champagne. To know just what
that quantity should be, she must, every
thirty seconds, pour out half a teaspoon-
ful, and put it into the glass.

  The night was cold, but the furnace
was, of course, kept going, and an
Whose Was the Hand?

49

even temperature secured for the sick
room. It was now half-past eleven.
She turned to the bottle of champagne,
and poured out half a teaspoonful.

  Slowly, as she was about to put this
into the glass, she was aware that an
impulse, as much beyond her control as
her comprehension, guided her hand
away from the glass, and to the sick
man’s lips. With no volition of her
own, she forced the pointed spoon be-
tween them and the drops of wine down
his throat.

  The terror that her doing this '
brought about her, made her replace
the spoon on the tray. She took off
her wrist watcli and laid it beside the
spoon. Why—why—had she done this ?

  “Oh, but if I do give him a few drops
of each, I can say, with my eyes meet-
ing any one’s,” she was thinking of the
eyes of the little nurse, “that I did—
did—try!”

  The thirty seconds had gone by in
the removing of the watch, and the con-
current reasoning. She took another
spoon and administered a few drops of
the beef extract.

  When five minutes had gone, she
said:

  “That is enough. Not—any—more!”

  Yet, at the exact moment called for
by the little nurse’s schedule, she found
herself automatically pouring the wine
and giving it to the unconscious man!
And, at the next swiftly recurring thir-
tieth second, the extract.

  “I will not do it! I will not do it!”
she told herself. Her heart was pound-
ing against her side, the sweat was on
her brow. By every physical law she
knew, her hands should have been shak-
ing so that the power to guide the spoon,
its contents unspilled, would not have
been hers. But it was not so. As
though controlled by some external and
invisible force, her white fingers closed
round the champagne bottle and care-
fully measured the prescribed quantity

  S.—May—4

into the spoon, as carefully conveyed
the wine to her husband’s lips, which,
as she saw now, had lost a little of
their death-like whiteness and rigidity.

  She felt her very soul quailing within
her at this failure of volition. At the
same moment, some section of her in-
telligence marvelled that the thought of
Robert's return to her aroused no feel-
ing whatever, either of the joy that
would have been natural, or of the re-
sentful fear of his again leaving her
for Marion Beresford. She had not
been entirely rendered dumb, since she
was terrified of the control possessing
her, but some tracts of feeling were de-
void of sensation now—why and how?

  All the time she wondered and rea-
soned, and feared and struggled—so
vainly—for power to^ resist, to repossess
herself—her hands were moving swift-
ly, unerringly, conveying life to the
dying man. At one o’clock he drew a
deep, easy, natural breath. At half past
he turned upon his side, away from
her, and then turned back.

  Suddenly a light came to her.

  The little nurse!

  She had prepared so eagerly for this
vigil, she had so entreated, with her blue
eyes, for this task, she had been so dis-
appointed when sent away!

  “I will ring for her. I will ask how
she dare—”

  Eleanor gave the half spoonful of
wine. This took longer than the ex-
tract of beef which she had merely
to dip up from the silver saucepan on
the spirit stove. The movements of
lifting the bottle, and pouring the wine,
occupied at least twice as many sec-
onds. She waited till she had performed
the easier task, then rose to go to the
bell which would wake the nurse.

  She had just reached it, when she felt
an impulse turning her round. The bell
should have been near the bed, and,
when the furniture stood in its nor-
mal position, was near it, but Robert
50

Whose Was the Hand?

had insisted on having his head to the
north, and so the bed had been moved.
Thus, Eleanor had to traverse the long
room before she could put her fingers
on the little mother-o’-pearl button. She
did not reach it before she was—sent
back—and found by her watch it was
time for the wine again!

  She had moved too slowly, too cau-
tiously, as if afraid of something. She
must wait, and give the extract, and
then—go quickly.

  Twice she essayed and failed. The
third time she pressed the button hard,
and returned to her post on the second.

  But the nurse, usually so alert, so
wakeful, did not respond. It was as if
the universe slept.

  Terror uncontrollable urged her heart
to fast and furious beating, drenched
her body in the sweat of fear. Only
her hands and arms, seemingly no part
of her own mechanism, detached from
it, and obedient to something not her-
self, only her hands and arms never
ceased their tireless ministrations.

  And those ministrations were becom-
ing more and more effective. The sick
man’s breathing was deep and easy, a
faint color came, in order, to lips, to
nostrils, to cheeks. A light perspira-
tion bedewed his forehead, and once he
flung his hands out upon the coverlet.

  He would live!

  The little nurse had saved him, in
spite of his wife!

  Through the drawn back curtains,
the first pale gray of dawn dimmed the
morning stars. Turning her head in
the brief intervals of her tending,
Eleanor knew that another day was
born.

  And then, suddenly, whatever had
been her master in this strange task,

left her. Her hands fell to her sides,
numb, powerless. She felt that she
would faint, that life itself was leav-
ing her.

  She looked around for help, but no
help was near. The light, pale still,
was yet the light of morning.

  She heard her husband stir. She saw
his eyes open, his lips move. She waited
in anguish—for she was once again her-
self—lest his first words should be for
another.

  Instead, he whispered faintly.
  “Eleanor?”

  She leaned over to him, tears pour-
ing from her eyes, the old tenderness
welling up in her heart. The door
opened and the little nurse came in,
fresh, alert, with coffee on a silver
tray.

  “Oh, Mrs. Calhoun—oh!”

  For she had seen the miracle.

  “If he had died,” she whispered,
trembling, “I should never have taken
another case! For I heard your bell,
Mrs. Calhoun, and I was too tired, to
move—think of that, for a nurse! I
could not move!”

  Whatever she had done, then, had
been done unconsciously.

  That was Eleanor’s last thought, as
darkness closed about her.

* * * *

  Eleanor had left Robert to the little
nurse, and was taking time to read the
papers gathered since the beginning of
his crisis. As her eyes fell on one, her
heart seemed to miss a beat:

“DIED: On Thursday night, at lialf-
  past eleven, Marion, widow of the
  late Jolm Beresford, at her residence,
  The Damozel, Riverside Drive. Kind-
  ly omit flowers.”
She Had to Play the Lead

By William Grenvil
PART II

SYNOPSIS OF FIRST PART

   Mary Gray, a country girl in Nezt• York zvho wants to become a movie actress,
has come to the end of her resources. Wandering along Fifth Avenue one even-
ing, a well-dressed woman accosts her and engages her to play in some amateur
theatricals at her home. Alary i~s taken by the woman and her husband, zvho call
themselves Mr. and Mrs. Van Horne, to a great country estate. There she finds
they are criminals and want, hep aid. As she cannot escape she has to listen Ho
them. They want her to impersonate the celebrated movie star Rita Duval and
induce a ■millionaire zvho has fallen in love with her on the screen to give her
enough money to start her ozvn producing company. The two crooks say Mary
may even have to marry Rufus Green.

UT I don’t want to play-
such a part,” Mary
protested.

  “You got to,” Nell
Schirmer said, and
there was a menace
under her seemingly
friendly attitude.

  “But that would be dishonest,” she
cried, “it would be obtaining money un-
der false pretenses. I won't do it!”
“Come, come,” said Steve puffing at
his cigar, “that won’t get you nowhere.
This ain’t the first time you’ve got things
under false pretenses.”

  “I’ve never done such a thing in my
life," she declared indignantly.

  “Wait a bit,” said Steve, “what about
beating Mrs. O'Ryan out of four weeks’
board and lodging?”

“That was different,” she asserted.
“Not a bit,” he said, “the judge would
look at it in the same may and it would
be the good old Island for thirty days.”
“How did you know about it?” she
asked.

  “I was looking for a ringer for Rita
Duval and I saw you on the street. I

marked down your house and went and
told Nell. Then I got the Van Horne
sedan and was coming to talk it over
when Mother O’Ryan threw you out.
She didn’t whisper it.”

  “If I did what you want me to, I
should go to prison.”

  “You’ll go if you don’t,” he snapped
grimly. “If you play under my direc-
tion you can’t go wrong. This fellow
Rufus Green is no good anyhow. He’s
a get-rich-quick crook and it would be
a kind action to take some of his dirty
dough.-’

  “But you said I might have to marry
him!”

  “What's a fake ceremony between
friends?” he said easily. “That guy
isn’t playing straight. I happen to know
he hasn't got his divorce yet. I dearly
love to skin that sort.”

  Mary Gray looked at the twain in de-
spair. Why was it they persisted in
thinking she would enter such a shame-
ful scheme with them? Steve went on
genially:

  “You know what a hard game life is
even if you’re willing to work like a

51
52

She Had to Play the Lead

slave. What we offer you is ten thou-
sand dollars, or maybe more, for less
than a week’s easy work. He shan’t pull
any rough stuff with our darling daugh-
ter, shall he, mother? I’m your loving
father,” he added, “and you are our
only joy.”

  “You needn’t be afraid of Sam or
Steve,” Nell said quickly, as she saw a
look of fear creep into the girl’s face.
“Sam hates the sex, and if Steve looks
at a woman in a way I don’t like he gets
hell from me."'

  “What about it?’’ Steve demanded.
“Are you going back to face your land-
lady’s charge or are you coming in with
us?”

  “I shall go home to my uncle,” she
cried. No matter what harsh measures
the judge might deal out, it would be
better than remaining with these people,
who wanted to use her as a tool and then
have her for ever in their power. “He’ll
come and fetch me.’’

  Steve looked at her in open admira-
tion as she stood defying him. She was
of middle height, slim, and her almond-
shaped, red-brown eyes flashed fire. She
was prettier, had she known it. than
ever her idol Rita Duval could hope to
be.

  “There’s things against that,” he said
slowly, “first, how is he going to know
where you are? Will Mother O'Ryan
tell him? Not a soul knows you are
here, and not a soul will unless we tell
them. Be sensible. If you only knew
it, there’s thousands would jump at
your chance. Ten thousand for a week's
work. That’s Rital Duval's salary, and
you wouldn’t ask any better than that.
Nell, you take her up to bed and tell
her not to get up till she's told to.”

  “You are threatening me,” she said,
her face flushing.

  “I'm taking care of my leading lady,”
Steve smiled. It seemed that he was
certain she would neither escape nor fail
to follow his directions.

  Upstairs—three flights up—in a long,
low room, thirty feet from the ground,
she had plenty of sleepless hours to
think matters over. She did not believe
she was in danger so long as she fol-
lowed instructions. But the thought of
meeting this coarse Rufus Green,
wheedling his money from him, and
perhaps sealing the bargain with the in-
timacy of a forced marriage, was revolt-
ing. “Never,” she said to herself,
“Never.”

  She was essentially a lovable, roman-
tic girl, waiting as all such do for the
coming of the man of men. To
him she would go willingly and
proudly.

  When she awoke from troubled sleep
next morning she decided it would be
best to offer no open rebellion to her
jailers. Sooner or later there would
come an opportunity to make a break
for freedom. But before making it she
must disarm suspicion. She was not
allowed to go downstairs until noon.
When she did she was surprised at the
altered appearance of the place. Plate,
linen, fine glass and china had been
brought in from somewhere or other
and electric light, water and gas were
now installed. It was remarkable, she
thought, that these crooks could have
accomplished so much.

  Nell Schirmer told her how it hap-
pened as they had lunch.

  “Sam is the caretaker,” she said. “He
got the job in the nick of time. He
beat up a policeman in Jersey City and
had to keep out of sight. This place
here used to get broken into regular by
a gang of tough kids, but not with Sam
on the job. Sam was welter weight
champion once. Steve had a piece put
in the papers that young Van Horne,
who owns this, was coming home.”

  “Is he?” Mary demanded.

  “He's shooting bears in Alaska,” Nell
told her. “That’s all he does—shoots
bears and tigers and lions. Steve fig-
She Had to Play the Lead

53

ured it out that if that got in the papers
we could get credit for eats and drinks
from the stores in New York where the
Van Hornes used to deal. It worked
like magic. Say, the drinks would
knock your eye out—champagne, port,
Scotch, everything. They think Steve
is his private secretary. That automo-
bile you came out in has the Van Horne
crest on it. Steve can imitate writing
to beat the band. He—”

  “You mean he can forge other peo-
ple's writing,” said Mary severely.

  Nell was too good-tempered to resent
the charge.

  "It's a gift,” Nell returned simply.
“The electric light, water and gas peo-
ple fell for Sam’s imitation of young
Van Horne's writing. We had to pay
the help to scrub and clean up, but
we got some useful pointers that
way.”

  Mary Gray looked at her curiously.

  “Don’t you realize you are putting a
lot of information in my way that I
could use against you?”

  The girl was again conscious of the
ruthlessness of this easy-going, pleas-
ure-loving Nell Schirmer. Of the
two, she felt she would fear Steve
less.

  “I'm telling you because you are in
on this trick. You’ve got to be. There’s
no risk. When it’s over you just fade
out and do what you like with the
money you’ll get. If you make a squeal
you’ll go to the Island and then the bulls
will take you in whenever hey feel like
it. They’ll come and look at you as
you’re doing your thirty days, and when
they see you back in the city, they'll re-
member. Another thing, girlie, don’t
try to make a getaway. Sam ain’t very
good tempered. He never has been since
Joe Walcott beat him up bad at Coney,
so don’t take any chances with him.
And one thing more, we’ve got our
friends on the outside, and they’d only
bring you back here.”

Chapter II

  Nell's warnings did not deter the
girl from watching her opportunity to
escape. She felt if once she were the
other side of the high stone walls she
would find some good Samaritan. She
was rested and strong and used to ath-
letic sports. She doubted if Sam or
Steve could catch her in a footrace.

  When she found Nell unobservant
she ran upstairs to see if from some
high window she could get an idea of the
lie of the land. She hoped to be able to
see some nearby town, but all that was
visible wfas hill and treetops.

  She w'as making her way across the
corridor to another room facing in a
contrary direction, when, red-faced and
angry at having to take so much exer-
tion, Nell came puffing up the stairs.

  “If Steve gets good and sore on you,”
Nell began, “you’ll be sorry. You come
down with me and begin to dress the
part. She looked at Mary’s clothes with
scorn, “Rufus Green won’t fall for you
if you look like that. Rita Duval is the
swellest dresser in the movies.”

  The first thought of rebellion was
crushed when Nell gripped the girl’s
arm. The elder woman smiled a little
as the girl’s face bore tribute'to her
strength.

  “Didn't think I w'as so strong, did
you?” she smiled. “Well, dearie, when
I met Steve I was a headliner in vaude-
ville in an acrobatic act.” Nell went on
talking as she piloted the other down-
stairs. “Did I tell you we had friends
on the outside who’d bring you back if
you got away?”

  “Haven’t you any pity at all?” the
girl cried. “Do you suppose I want to
let this man Green make love to me
thinking I’m someone else?”

  “Stuff!” said Nell. “Pity? Ain’t I
offering you more money than you’d
make honestly in twenty years? He
won’t be here till tomorrow and we’ll
54

She Had to Play the Lead

see he behaves. Now, come and see
the swell clothes you’re going to wear.
They'll be yours from now on,” she
added.

  Said Nell a few hours later, when it
was dark, “She’s all right now, Steve.
You should have seen her face change
when she saw them clothes! She’s got
Rita faded off the screen for looks.
This one is more class than Rita. Her
uncle’s a judge up-state. You’ve got to
see that Rufus doesn’t get too fresh.”

  “That’ll be an awkward proposition,”
said Steve frowning. “From what I
bear he has speed to him and ain't par-
ticular about his way of expressing him-
self. You see, Nell, we’ve got to see
that he puts up the money and he won’t
do that unless she plays up to us. Bring
her in. I've got to see she understands.
I'm not going to have any failure when
the biggest thing I ever went after is al-
most ripe. She’s in deadly fear of get-
ting her name in the papers and I'll
throw a scare into her that’ll make her
eat out of my hand.”

  “My God!” cried Nell a half minute
later, “she’s gone! I’d a sworn she was
in that next room !”

  Steve rushed into the adjoining
apartment with an oath. It was plain
that she had sprung from the window
to the shrubbery eight feet beneath.

  Mary’s pleasure at the sight of the
beautiful clothes was perfectly genuine.
All her life she had wanted just such
lovely things. Yet much as she desired
them the price to pay was too great.
She was a romantic girl and wanted to
be loved. But the idea of being forced
into the arms of a sensualist like Green
was too horrible. By this time she was
too near hysteria to count the cost. As
a siphon of aerated water diluted
Steve’s whisky with its sibilant sound
she opened the window and jumped out
unnoticed and unheard.

  As she ran across the grass she heard

the opening door and the voices of Sam
and Steve shouting. Blindly she rushed
on, falling headlong over flower bed and
sunken path, until the lovely clinging
dress of blue charmeuse was torn and
stained. And always the high stone
wall for which she sought eluded her.

  Sometimes the pursuers came within
a few yards of her, flashing their lights,
but failing to find her in the gloom. At
last she came in sight of the great iron
gates. But they were locked or fast-
ened in such a way that she could not
open them.

  Behind her, coming fast down the
drive, was the pattering of feet.

  Looking over her shoulder she could
see from the lights on the gate posts that
it was Sam and that he was angry. The
excitement, the fatigue attendant on her
struggle and her fear of this swearing,
angry beast almost upon her, made the
girl for the first time in her life faint
dead away.

  Sam picked her up and took her near-
er the light. It was on this frail girl
that his hope of rich reward depended,
and he had to stop himself from shak-
ing her angrily as was his first desire.

  “What’s the trouble?” said a voice
from the other side of the gates.

  Sam looked up to see a tall man gaz-
ing at him, a man with a stern expres-
sion and the air of habitual authority.

  “Mr. Green,” he gasped, “we didn’t
expect you till tomorrow."

  “You didn’t,” said the stranger.
“Who are you and what's the matter
with that girl ?”

  “She’s just fainted,’’ said Sam, trying
to appear natural. “I’m Sam. I’m care-
taker here, sir, but you’re expected.”

  He unlocked the door and let the tall
stranger enter.

  As he did so. bearing the girl's weight
easily on one arm, she recovered con-'
sciousness, and looked up to see a
strange man staring at her with uncom-
mon interest.
She Had to Play the Lead

55

  “Miss Rita,” said Sam, with an exag-
gerated air of respect, “here’s Mr. Ru-
fus Green come a day before we ex-
pected him. Your paw and maw will
be.tickled.” He turned to the other man,
“Mr. Green, sir, I don’t have to intro-
duce you to Miss Rita Duval, the Non-
pareil star.”

  “No,” said Mr. Green, removing his
hat, “I have seen her a hundred times
already.”

  He gripped her hand hard. Even in
that moment of depression Mary was
relieved to find him better looking than
she had expected. From his reputation
she imagined Green would be coarser,
harder, less gentle. But, she reflected,
a man with his looks and assumed man-
ners would be all the more difficult to
deal with. Could she, the girl wondered,
lead him on to give money to this pre-
cious pair who held her in bondage?
Or would she be able to make her es-
cape before that dreaded moment?

  “You must let me help you,” Green
said courteously, taking her arm.

  “Thank you,” she returned stiffly, “I
am perfectly capable of walking.”

  “But you just fainted,” he protested.
“That was from overwork,” Sam in-
terjected. "A star like Miss Duval has
to work awful hard.”

  “I suppose so,” said Mr. Green slow-
ly.

  “Indeed yes,” Sam continued, evi-
dently fearing the agitated girl would
not keep up the deception sufficiently
well. “That’s why Mr. Duval and her
mother want her to have her own com-
pany. Rita Duval is a big drawing
card, as you know.” Sam winked, but
the darkness did the action. He did not
let go of the girl’s arm. She felt utterly
powerless and'hopeless, very weak and
small and friendless. Her heroines on
the screen would no doubt know how to
act, but she was without inspiration.
All she knew was that the con-
spiracy was involving her and the scene

she was to play was close at hand.

  Only once in the long walk to the
house did Green speak.

  “You expected me tomorrow then?”
“Why, yes, Mr. Green,” Sam an-
swered. “You sent a telegram. Made
good connections, I suppose?”

  “That was it,” the other man re-
turned.

  Sam would have liked to run on and
warn his fellow crooks but he dared
neither release the girl nor entrust her
to Green. But it happened that Nell
heard his voice, and seeing the tall man
by his side guessed what had happened.
They received Mr. Green with great
cordiality. Again they assumed a dif-
ferent bearing and accent. They were
no longer Nell and Steve, but the proud
parents of a world famous star.

  “My staff of servants has not yet ar-
rived,-’ Steve said, apologizing for the
absence of his butler and maids.

  Mr. Green looked about the great hall
and noble stairways with marked inter-
est. It was an impressive interior.

  “W'hat a splendid place!” he ejacu-
lated. “Did I understand that you had
bought it?”

  “I’m considering it,” Mr. Duval said
pompously. “If Rita forms her own
company and stays east I shall buy it
for her. You will find your room com-
fortable, I hope.”

  “You insist on my staying then?”
“Absolutely,” said Nell. “There’s
another member of the family who’ll be
disappointed too, if you don’t.” She
looked across at her supposed daughter
and Green followed her gaze. “I guess
you two have gotten friendly in your
letters.”

  Green thought Rita’s blush the most
beautiful thing he had ever seen. But
he said nothing for a moment. Instead
he stood there frowning, and the two
watching men, Sam and Steve, quaked
a little at his silence. They were play-
ing a risky game, and he might have
56

She Had to Play the Lead

found out that this was a fake star they
were displaying. But they had made
certain precautions through their
friends and confederates which mini-
mized the chances of detection. Green
was true to the descriptions they had
received of him. He was a tall, red-
haired man of great physical strength
and imperious temper. But just as
Mary Gray feared him for his mask of
kindliness, so did this plotting trio be-
cause he did not show his hand. It was
plain that the proposition must come
from Steve. Like most rich men, Green
would sit back and let the other fellow
put his cards on the table.

  “Good God, Nell,” he said a little
later after one of these long silences on
Green’s part, “I believe he’s peeved be-
cause we don't leave him alone with the
kid. What about it? Can you see she
doesn't queer us ?”

  Nell was very kindly and sympathetic
as she drew Mary to a corner and gave
her some instructions.

  “Evidently he wants to talk to you
alone. Now don't you be nervous. If
he starts to talk about your company
tell him you leave all business to your
father. All you do is live for Art. Rita
had that in an interview I read only last
week. You have got to look pretty. If
you do what we want you'll be in luck.”

  For some reason or other Mr. Green
beliaved exceedingly well. That he ad-
mired her the girl knew instinctively.
Men had looked at her with admiration
long before Mr. Burke induced her to
leave her home for a film career. Frank-
ly. she was afraid of this man, who
chose to show her the deference and
chivalry that was not in his nature. If
Steve thought his reputation bad there
was no doubt about it. A dozen times
she had heard him say that Rufus Green
was a “bad actor.”

  The family, servants and guest re-
tired early. Nell and Steve were grati-

fied to hear Green say that although he
had known Rita Duval for a long time
on the screen and in illustrated maga-
zines, lie had underestimated her charm.

  The self-styled Rita smiled charming-
ly, but she avoided the intense, burn-
ing glance he threw at her as she went
up the winding stairway. And she was
angry that she could not find it in her
heart to dislike him. But she knew that
the men who had the greatest success
with women never showed their true
selves to their victims until too late. It
wasn’t fair, she told herself, that he
should be the very type she had always
admired.

  “Now, Mr. Duval,” said Rufus
Green, looking at that smiling gentle-
man with scrutiny that was disturbing,
“shall we talk business? I'm curious to
know a great many things. These let-
ters I wrote to your daughter, for in-
stance—you must know a man can't re-
member everything he puts in things of
that sort.”

  “But you meant 'em, eh?” said Steve.

  “I mean everything I write,” said
Rufus Green.

  “And you won’t go back on your
word ?” Steve tried not to seem anxious.

  “What I agree to do I carry out,"
said Green with a snap of his strong
jaw. “Make your proposition, Mr. Du-
val.”

  Steve was a clever talker. It was his
strongest asset. He proved conclusive-
ly that if Mr. Green backed his daugh-
ter in her own producing company the
scheme would pay a hundred per cent.
He talked with a fluency that was im-
pressive. Evidently Mr. Green thought
so, too, for he smiled.

  “I’ll sleep over it,” he said at length.

Chapter III

  When Duval returned to the matter
at breakfast he found the capitalist still
enthusiastic.
She Hud to Play the Lead

57

  “I want to talk it over with your
daughter first,” he said. “Let’s go for
a walk. Miss Rita. I want your ideas
on it.”

  “Surely,” said Mr. Duval, but feeling
less confident than he seemed to be.
Then he turned to Nell, “You take a
walk with Rita and Mr. Green.”

  “I'm going to star Rita, not her
mother,” said the guest, smiling at the
elder woman. “I want a little talk with
your daughter first.”

  The look the twain gave to the girl
plainly told her that if she betrayed
them she would suffer. But Mary Gray
was not of the soft, easily-welded metal
they supposed. When she and Green
were clear of the house on a little knoll
among the pines, where was a rustic
bench, she knew she was free at last
from eavesdropping. She was white-
faced as she turned to speak.

  “This must go no further,” she said.
“What mustn’t?” he demanded.
“This farce,” she said. “I’m not Rita
Duval. My name is Mary Gray and
I’m being forced to play this part in or-
der to get your money. I don’t know
what they’ll do to me, but I can’t go
through with this.”

  “Tell me the whole thing,” he com-
manded.

  When she had finished he put his arm
protectingly about her. It was a ten-
der, sympathetic action.

  “Poor little girl,” he said. “I haven’t
always lived as I might have done, and
there are episodes in my life I wouldn't
want to talk about, but I felt certain
you were not what you pretended to be.
Cheer up, Mary Gray. I’ll think out a
way to score on that hound Steve.”
“I’m afraid of him,” she said, look-
ing up appealingly.

  “I’ve dealt with worse than that
kind,” he returned. “I’m going to get
you out of this, and I’m going to get you
a real job so that you can pay Mrs.
O’Ryan and not go home to the Judge.

  Sam, prying on them as best he
might, returned to tell his cronies that
things were progressing finely. He had
seen Green’s arm go about the girl and
had noted she did not shrink from him.

  This promise sent Mary’s spirits up
and she lost the look of fear. Never
had the man seen so attractive a girl.

  He amazed her presently by speaking
of the real Rita Duval.

  “I knew you were a fraud,” he said,
“because I happen to know her chief
camera man and met him at Chicago
two days ago. Rita was on the same
train headed for Hollywood. I saw
her.”

  “Why didn’t you say so?” she de-
manded.

  “I thought it would be interesting to
find out just how far those precious
scoundrels would go.”

  “What will you do?” she demanded.
There was still the fear of Steve the
ruthless, of the strong-armed smiling
Nell and the sullen, vindictive pugilist.

  “See how far they go,” he replied.
“If they think they will get a cent of
Rufus Green's millions, they'll be mis-
taken.”

  “They are dangerous,” she said.
“Suppose they hurt you.”

  “You are right,” he said a little som-
brely. “They are very dangerous. I
can see that, and if they suspect you and
me, it might get uncomfortable, espe-
cially as they probably suppose I carry
a pretty big roll with me. I'll tell you
what we must do to be safe.”

“What?” she asked with interest.
“Be quite friendly and give the im-
pression that you liked those love let-
ters I'm supposed to have sent you?”
“Didn’t you send them?” she queried.
“But not to you, alas,” he answered.
“You mustn't mind if I take your arm.
It will please them.”

  “You think so?” she said doubtfully.
It would never do to let him think the
idea was not a bit displeasing to her.
58

She Had to Play the Lead

  “Surest thing you know,” he cried
enthusiastically. “Don't turn around
but I can see your fake father and
mother coming through some trees. If
you want to disarm suspicion don't
make a scene when I do this.”

  “But I didn’t say you could kiss me/'
she cried.

  “It was the only thing to do under
the circumstances,” he said smiling
down at her in a way that set her heart
beating faster.

  “Oh, you young people!” exclaimed
Nell, cheerily, a minute later.

  Steve was enchanted at the readiness
with which Rufus Green agreed to his
proposition after lunch. It was all
right, said the amorous financier. He
had long admired Rita Duval and a
quarter of a million he had cleaned up
on silver recently could be devoted to
no better investment. Tomorrow he
would put the deal through.

  “Champagne,” said Steve loudly,
“Sam bring in a magnum. We’ve got
to drink to success.”

  It was an hilarious meal. Rufus
Green was smiling constantly. All his
sombre reserve had fallen from him.
Steve had yet a very difficult corner to
negotiate. It was well enough to have
Rufus Green declare he would invest
but the difficulty was to have the invest-
ment made in a way he, Steve, could
profit by. To go to New York and talk to
Green’s lawyer was no part of Steve’s
plan. There wasn't a chance that such
a scheme would go by undetected. Steve
wanted a nice certified check. In order
to get it he had long ago determined to
sacrifice Mary Gray if the thing became
necessary.

  That Green was behaving well now
w as no criterion that he would continue
to do so. Steve concluded that Green
was drinking next to nothing because
he was between two “periodic souses”
as he explained to Nell. “From what I

hear, w'hen he breaks out he’s a holy
terror. That’s why I’m keeping whisky
away from him until we know where we
stand.”

  "Suppose he don’t come across?”
asked Nell who, when she could not un-.
derstand a man, was afraid of him.

  “His roll would choke a hippopota-
mus,” Steve smiled. “He ain’t had
much chance to spend it here. What’n
ell’s that?’’ he demanded as there was
the imperious tooting of an automobile
horn outside.

  “Sam must have left the gates open,”
Nell frowned, as the ex-prize fighter
hurried quickly to the door.

  When Sam came back to the room his
face was contorted with rage. He
looked at Mary and the capitalist so
wrapped in one another’s society that
they had heard nothing of the machine
on the gravelled drive outside.

  “I’d like to announce,” said Sam
loudly, “Mr. Rufus Green.”

  Mary, glancing up now with as much
eagerness as the others, saw a big, burly
man flushed of face and slightly sway-
ing as he leaned against the lintel of
the door. It was a red-haired man with
a heavy, freckled, sensual face. He had
eyes for none but Rita and came to-
ward her with outstretched arms. As
she shrank back the first Mr. Green,
fists clenched, rose to his feet. The two
men glared at one another. Every mo-
ment Mary feared they would spring
at one another’s throat.

  “What’s this?” Steve cried.

  “That’s the real Green,” Sam said
pointing to the last comer, “and the
other feller’s a fake.”

  “Who’s a fake?” the red headed
giant demanded angrily.

  “I am,” said the other man. “They
thought I was you. Until I’d seen you I
thought it was a joke. Now I think
it’s an insult.”

  "You did, did you?” said Steve, his
thin lips like a gash in his pale face.
She Had to Play the Lead

59

“I’ll show you something that’ll stop
you from playing that game with me
again as long as you live.”

  Sam said nothing. He was a silent
fighter but he lined up beside his friend.
As for the real Rufus Green he had
understood little of what was going
on. But what he did see plainly was
that the Rita Duval who attracted him
with terrific intensity was clinging to
this tall, straight stranger as if she loved
him, certainly as if his safety was dear
to her. For her oldtime admirer she
had no look but one of loathing. With
a roar like a beast of prey he sprang
forward.

  “Wait a moment,” said the masquer-
ader coolly, “This thing has gone far
enough. Now it’s my turn.”

  But the time had gone by for him to
stay their fury with wait. There were
three balked, furious, violent men
against him and murder looked out of
the eyes into which he gazed courage-
ously. But he had seen too much vio-
lence, and fought too often, not to
realize that unarmed as he was and fur-
ther handicapped by this clinging girl,
he could do nothing against them.

  As Steve made a grab at him the
masquerader allowed himself time for
one blow. Not only did it knock Steve
down but it swept Sam into the path of
the lumbering giant and delayed their
attack for a few blessed moments.

  “Come,” he said to the girl. Grasp-
ing her wrist he turned and sprang up
the three steps that led from the dining
room to the main hall.

  The pursuers were close at his feet
as he made for the stairway. Then
along a corridor at racing speed he
dragged the girl.

  “If we get to that door ahead,” he
whispered, “we’ll be safe.”

  Even in that moment of desperation
Mary thought how foolish it was to
suppose they could hold out against the
other three men with but the barrier

of a door between them. However
strong it could be battered down in a
few minutes.

  He bolted it against the shouting men
with a split second of time to spare.
She was amazed that at a moment like
this he could smile. But there he stood
chuckling like a boy. He even took
her in his arms and after a kiss dragged
her unwilling feet in a few steps of a
dancing measure.

  Then he did an even more amazing
thing. It was a big, bare room in which
they were with three long windows.
One of these he opened. Then he
came to an open fireplace, boarded up.
On either side of it was a pillar sup-
porting a carved wooden overmantel.
She wondered why he kneeled beside
one while those outside were shouting
to Nell to bring them an axe.

  She saw the reason when suddenly
the panel behind the pillar swung back
and disclosed a dark, brick-lined pas-
sage. Quickly he pushed her into it and
the darkness told her the panel had
closed again.

  “I must carry you,” he whispered.

  It seemed they must have traversed
Hundreds of yards in these dark bowels
of the old house, stooping all the time
to avoid the roof of the passages, when
suddenly he stood straight up. Light-
ing a match Mary could see she was in
a brick chamber some ten feet square.
On a shelf was a candle. When it
spluttered into light she could see that
there was a plain table and two old
chairs. It was amazing.

  “What is this?” she demanded.

  “It’s a place where the Tories were
hidden in the Revolution,” he told her.
This house was built by Sir Richard
Chester who had a grant of land from
the English king. His grandson was
hidden in this very chamber for months
while Westchester County was
searched for him.”

  “You are sure they won’t find us
60

Slie IIucl to Play the Lead

here?” she said. The girl was still
trembling from fear and excitement.

  “Certain,” he said firmly, “we are as
safe here as Colonel Chester was.”
“But we don’t want to stay here for
months,” she returned dismally.

  "You won’t have to,” be comforted
her. “When you feel all right we can
go down some steps and come out in an
old cow barn that is never used. Then
we can watch our opportunity to cut
through the woods to a side road that
leads to Brewster. I can get you away
from here a dozen ways and ail of them
safe ones.”

  She looked at him wonderingly.
“How is it you are so much at home
here and know all these secrets?”

  “You see the place belongs to me,”
he said. “I'm the last of the Van
Hornes. My great-grandmother, who
was born a Chester, brought it to us.”

  By tortuous ways, through dark pas-
sages and cobwebbed doors, Mary at
last saw through a chink in the shin-
gles of the barn the little path that led
to safety.

  When they could see and hear noth-
ing of the pursuers they made their way
through the pines to the main road.

  In the train to the city he told her a
great deal about himself. That it was
by accident he chanced to come to the
old place on that particular day. He
had not been near it since he was a
schoolboy. When Sam, who had been
engaged by the New York agent, had
addressed him as Mr. Green and he
had seen that his house was occupied
by invaders he determined to find out
the reason, Mary herself could take up

the threads from that until now they
were nearing the city.

  “What’s going to happen to you?”
lie demanded.

  A look of misery caine into her eyes.
But she felt she could not ask help
from him. The comedy was finished.
Their play-acting was over. She would
not let him see how helpless she
was.

  “I shall get along all right,” she said
with an attempt at lightness.

  “No you won’t,” he said, “you’re
miserable, Mary. You’re afraid of
yourself. You dread trying to hunt up
a job. You dread going to your uncle
and saying you’ve failed. You can’t
think of Mrs. O'Ryan without thinking
of the police. Confess I'm right.”

  “If you are why are you so cruel as
to remind me of it?”

  “Because you’ve, forgotten I prom-
ised to give you a real job.”

  She looked so troubled that his heart
ached for her.

  “Why did you forget it?” he persist-
ed.

  “You didn’t mean it,” she said de-
jectedly.

  “There’s a lot of hard work attached
to it,” he told her.

  “I’d welcome it,” she cried, “the
harder the better. Do you really think
you could help me to a position?”

  “You might not accept it,” he said.
“But I will!” she exclaimed. “Just
give me a chance.”

  He sighed. “Splendid, Mary, and I
did so dread proposing.”

  “Proposing?” she repeated.

  “Don’t you understand,” he smiled,
“that you've accepted me?”

1
The Sting of Victory

                By Paul Vernier

H,” sighed McManner, sad-
ly, “she has the
hair and eyes of
Nellie McNalligan,
and she eats like
Nellie used to eat.”
For an active de-
tective he was
growing very1 stout,
and he glanced sorrowfully from his
own grapefruit salad and lemon ice, al-
lowed by his diet, to the succulent steak
and mushrooms of the black-eyed bru-
nette across the way.

  I suspected that a story was lurking
in the offing McManner had enjoyed
the show that night and had heartily
indorsed the judgment and valor of the
indefatigable hero, who, like himself,
was a detective.

  “Yes,” said McManner, “that girl re-
minds me of Nellie McNalligan, and
that reminds me that the victor doesn’t
always get the spoils.”

  “Now that fellow in the show to-
night,” said McManner, knitting his
brows, “got some reward for his work,
and right there he differed from me
when I courted Nellie McNalligan.

  “You see,” he began, as he lit a long,
black cigar, “there was a fairly good
counterfeit nickel being floated down in
Lawrence County, and we had traced
the source down to Greenvale.

  “The force was pretty busy those
days, and so the Chief sent me out on
the job all on my lone. It was the first
time I had been given a free hand in a
case of any importance, and I worked
like a Trojan.

  “In a week or so, working day and

night—like a kid does—I had the case
narrowed down to a restaurant building
on Main Street, with offices on the sec-
ond floor and apartments above.

  “I recognized the restaurant proprie-
tor at the first glance, without entering
his place. He was a Greek, Popiklos by
name, and I knew that he would remem-
ber me if he saw me, for we used to see
each other every day when I lived in
Altoona and he ran a place there.

  “Well, rather than put another fel-
low on the job, I decided to adopt a
good disguise and carry the thing
through myself. I was thinner in those
days than I am now, and I made myself
up to look like one of these Spanish or
French dukes, you know—goatee, mus-
tache, black hair, olive complexion—
see?

  “As John McManner I simply van-
ished from that town, reappearing as
Pierre Gaspin, interested in starting a
restaurant.

  “My first week's work had made me
pretty sure that the Greek was the ring-
leader of the gang. Three others of his
feilow countrymen had been assisting in
passing the bad nickel, but investigation
of the rooms in their boarding houses
disclosed nothing. They seemed to
have no room to set up any machinery
in private, while Popiklos, the Greek,
on the other hand, had two stories and
the basement of the restaurant building
in which to work.

  “But the very first night I stepped
inside that restaurant I almost forgot
all about my case. Nellie McNalligan
herself brought my ham and eggs that
night, and if there ever was a pretty

61
62

The Sting of Victory

Irish girl it was Nellie. Black hair,
saucy blue eyes, and a dimple in her
cheek when she laughed—that was Nel-
lie. I liked Nellie—and Nellie seemed
to like me—from the very first.

  “From that night on I took all my
meals at the Popiklos Restaurant, and
late each night I would drop in for a
lunch and then see Nellie home. I
didn’t like to let Nellie know that I was
a detective right away. Some way, I
felt it might frighten her, and then she
might think me a poor proposition to
tie up to—a detective having to lead a
fairly roving life, you know.

   “So I just dawdled along for a couple
of weeks, reporting progress back to the
Chief in my weekly statements—and
real “progress” I was making, too—and
finally, one night I put the question
squarely up to Nellie and she said she
would be mine.

  “I was the happiest man in Green-
vale that night, but after I got back to
my room I pulled myself up short and
said, ‘Look here, old man, you’ve been
letting this case hang fire while you
courted this girl. Get busy now and do
something on the job!’

   “So I apprised Nellie of the nature
of my occupation, which she took quite
calmly, and began to question her in
real earnest, and from points I got out
of her I decided the little mint was in
the basement. The proprietor, Popi-
klos, spent a lot of time down there with
his visitors, and while they pretended
they were drinking, the party never
were really intoxicated.

  “I made arrangements to change my
room to one across the street, which
only meant carrying my suitcase a
couple blocks, and Nellie agreed to put
three catsup bottles in a row in the front
window whenever the Greek went out
and conditions were favorable for me
to examine the basement.

   “The very first afternoon after I had
changed my lodging place, what does

Nellie do but come to the window and
give me the signal, and over I went to
the restaurant.

  “Nellie was the only waitress on the
job at the time, and the cooks being
spooning with some policemen, she
guided me down into the basement with
no one the wiser.

  “I didn’t have to look long to find
the coining apparatus. ’Way back in
the rear, under some storeboxes, there
she was, fine as anything. I tell you I
felt a glow of pride. I had found my
prey! The quarry was in my
hands!

  “I was as tickled as a kid detective
naturally would be over pulling off a
stunt like that. In the pride of victory
I jerked off my wig, mustache and
goatee, and says I, ‘Nellie, you see be-
fore you John McManner, some day
the world’s greatest detective,’ just like
that.

  “Nellie threw up her hands, like this,
and ‘Oh, My Gawd!’ she cries, with a
gasp, she was that surprised and dum-
founded at the change I had made.
‘This is the last of Pierre Gaspin,’ says
I, ‘and tonight I’ll be back as myself,
John McManner, and pull a single-
handed pinch that will make the natives
open their eyes.’ And out I went, to
be gone before the Greek got back and
suspected something.

  “About nine o’clock that night, when
I saw Popiklos was in his restaurant,
I shoved a couple of loaded Colts into
my pockets and a brace of handcuffs
and walks into Popiklos’ place big as
life, with the town constable for an
aide.

  “Popiklos stared when he saw me:
he knew me right away. ‘Hello, Mc-
Manner,’ he cries, ‘how are you, and
what will you have?” Nellie w'as
standing right there to see me pull the
final act.

  “ ‘I’m sorry, Popiklos,’ says I, shov-
ing the two Colts into his face, ‘but I’ll
The Sting of Victory-

63

have you! You’re wanted for counter-
feiting !’

  “He threw up his hands without any
hesitation. ‘But,’ says he, ‘you’re all
wrong, McManner; you’ve got the
wrong man.’

  “ ‘We’ll see about that,’ says I, and
turns him over, handcuffed, to the
proud town constable. Well, I got a
couple young fellows that were in the
restaurant to go along as witnesses, and
went down cellar to get the molds and
stuff.

  “By George, they weren’t there! We
looked and we looked, and spent nearly
three hours going over the basement,
the restaurant and the third floor of that
building, but not a solitary thing could
we find. Then we searched all the of-
fices on. the second floor, and finally
went around and looked up the lodging-
places of the other three Greeks.
Everything was as innocent as a new-
born babe.

  “It was about half-past three by that
time, and I felt like a fool. I dragged
myself back to the restaurant, where the
sleepy cbnstable was still holding Popi-
klos, and let him release the Greek.
What else could I do? I thanked the
stars Nellie wasn’t there to see the cli-
max.

  “ ‘Very well, Johnny, my boy,’ says

1,	when I got back to my room, ‘you’ve

lost the case, but you’ve got the finest
wife in Lawrence County by it. We’ll
just take the bride-to-be down to Wash-
ington and make a clean breast of it to
the chief.’

  “So next morning I hunted up Nellie,
bright and early, and ‘Nellie,’ says I,
‘sweetheart, we’ll just run over to
Washington tonight and get the knot
tied. It looks as though it were all
over here on this case. Something
went wrong.'

  “ ‘If you mean it’s all over for you,’
says she, ‘you guessed right, for I’ll
have nothing to do with men that run
around with false faces breaking an
honest girl’s heart with their sham good
looks, and then try to take the bread
out of her mouth by having her em-
ployer hung for his patriotism.’

  “ ‘Patriotism,’ says I, ‘the man’s a
counterfeiter, Nellie.’

  “ ‘He is not,’ said Nellie. ‘He told
me he was making medals for our sol-
diers in the Spanish War, and I’d soon-
er believe him than a false villain like
yourself.’

  McManner sighed deeply, and looked
again at the brunette on the other side
of the cafe.

 “What became of Nellie?” I
asked.

  “She married Popiklos,” said Mc-
Manner, sadly.

  Do You Know?

By Arthur Bowie Chrisman

JV/IARRIAGES are made in Heaven,
A A So the young declare ;

Yes, Marriages are made in Heaven—
Only knows just where.
Excuses We Have Never
Heard

   By Otis C. Little

’M late this morning, sir,
simply because I rolled
over anti took another nap
after the alarm went off.”
“Sorry I wasn’t home
for dinner last night, dear,
but I ran across a couple
of old pals of mine and
we all .went out for a

time.

"I’d have bo"n on time for this ap-
pointment, old man, but I knew you’d
be late anyway.”

"Sorry I can’t accommodate you, old
chap, but I know you’d never return the
ten.”

“Yes, Your Honor, I was going
forty all right, but I was only doing it
to try and get away from the speed

cop.”

What Little Girls Were Made For

   By II. Thompson Rich

           I 1TTLE girls were made to hold
                By horrid savage men and bold.

            Little eyes were made to see
            Beauty under savagery.

            Little lips were made to feast

            And soothe and calm the savage beast.

            Little arms were made to press
            Tighter still the lips’ caress.

            Little breasts were made to lay
            Savage heads upon and pray.

            Little girls were made to share
            Savage triumph and despair.

64
“Till Death Us Do Part”

             A Play in One Act

                     By Hilliard Booth

                           Characters
                         Jim Raxter
                         Lem .Hamilton
                         May Allison
                         Granny Allison

     rHE rising curtain shows the clean but crude interior of a cabin
     on Little River in the Blueridge mountains of North Caro-
     lina. The entrance door is at one side; opposite this is the
     door to the only other room of the house. Beside it is a fire-place.
     At rear is a small window and a closet just large enough for a man
     to squeeze into.

        A table, chairs and a bureau compose the furniture of the room.
      On the table stands a new straw suit-case, partly packed. It is
      noon of a day of the present.

        Granny Allison is helping her grandchild, May, fill the suit-
     case. Granny is a bent and withered but vigorous old lady of
     eighty years, dressed in drab-color homespun. May is a fresh and
     unusually pretty girl of eighteen years wearing her first white silk
     dress.

Granny :

 I can hear the folks down by the
 falls; hit’s almost time now, May.

May:

 Where’s my red scarf?

Granny:

 Hit’s in the bed-room. I always
 thought you’d marry a likelier man than
 Jim Raxter.

May:

This suit-case’ll never hold my things.

Granny:

 Jim’s a steady worker and I reckon
 he’ll make you a good husband, but I
 looked for you to marry a fancier man,
 S.—May—5

May. And hit don’t seem like you had
the true bride-spirit!

May :

  Have you got the tables spread,
Granny ?

Granny :

  I’ll see about ’em directly. There’s
a crowd of folks to feed; seems as if
the whole district had come to see the
wedding under High Falls. That was
a pretty idea of yours, being married
under the falls, May—hit’s like being
married in the lap of God. I never did
hold for house-weddings. But I al-
ways thought you’d marry Lem Hamil-
ton.

65
66

“Till Death Us Do Part”

May ;

 What made you think that ?

Granny:

 Lem liked you for sure, and you went
 together a lot. What made you turn
 Lem down ?

May :

 There wasn’t any question of mar-
 riage between Lem and me, Granny.

Granny:

 His leaving the district so sudden
 made folks think you’d jilted him. But
 I reckon folks knows now why Lem left
 these parts!

May:

{Alarmed.) You think they know?

Granny:

 Yes. Porter Creasman’s girl met up
 with an accident; she give her parents
 an unlooked for grandchild. They say
 that Lem’s the man.

May:

 That’s a lie!

Granny :

 You seem mighty certain!

May:

 Lem never cared for that frump of
 a Creasman girl!

Granny:

 Why did he go away, then?

May:

 Why do you look at me like that?
 How do I know? Why do you ask

me?

Granny:

 There, there; I reckon hit’s getting
 married that makes you so easy upset.
 Here’s Jim.

 (Jim Raxter enters at the house-
 door; he is a heavy-set, stolid-looking
 young mountaineer -wearing a suit of
 homespun.)

Raxter :

  Preacher’s coming over the river.
May, and half the county’s waiting on
us at the foot of the falls. Ready?

Granny:

  That preacher can just wait till I
get my tables spread! Half the county!
Hit’ll be the biggest wedding ever seen
on Little River!

  (She hurries out through the house-
door, filled with importance.)

Raxter:

  Give us a kiss, sweetie.

May:

  (Avoiding him.) Time enough for
foolishness after we’re married.

Raxter :

  A life time for hit! Seems like a
miracle, you’re marrying me, May!
You could have picked the best of us,
and you took me! I can’t figure hit
out, unless hit’s because I love you with
a love that’s just reached for you ever
since I first set eyes on you five years
ago. I’d never have married if I
couldn’t have married you. And now
I’ve won you, I’m going to keep you,
till death us do part!

  {He nears her; his deep feeling ap-
parent in voice and face. May moves
quickly away from him.)

May:

  I don’t like the look in your eyes,
Jim!

Raxter:

  (Stops and then laughs shortly.)
You’re not aiming to marry a dummy,
are you? Well, I reckon I can wait
till after the preacher makes us man
and wife. Wife! And to think I used
to be jealous of Sam and Dal and Lem!
At one time I thought you and Lem
were sure going to make a match of
hit.
“Till Death Us Do Part”

67

May:

 They say Porter Creasman’s girl’s in
 trouble.

Raxter :

 Yes. Now we know why Lem lit out
 for foreign-parts!

May:

 Lem’s not the man!

Raxter :

 Don’t you believe it! Lem was one
 of them pretty boys that could pull the
 wool over any girl’s eyes! What did
 he clear out for if hit wasn’t to save
 his skin and single-blessedness ?

May :

How do I know? Why do you ask
me?

(Granny enters at the house-door.)

Granny:

 Get me that last plate of sandwiches
 from the closet, Jim. From talk I
 heard I reckon the boys is going to
 play some trick on you.

Jim:

 Going to try to kidnap me, are they,
 like they did Tom Yancey! They held
 him for a ransom of kisses from the
 bride, and delayed the wedding two
 hours; while the preacher filled in the
 time with a surprise-marriage and two
 baptisms! Well, they don’t get Jim
 Raxter; and no one but Jim Raxter
 gets any kisses from you, May.

 (He takes the plate of sandwiches
 from the closet at rear and gives it to
 Granny.)

 You’ll find me waiting on you at the
 Falls, bride of mine!

 (He goes out through the house-
 door.)

Granny:

 If you see them Slater girls going
 heavy on the cake, tell ’em hit’s bad
 luck to eat more than one piece of wed-
 ding-cake, or there won’t be enough to

 go round. That suit-case is as full as
 you can get hit, May.

May:

There’s my red scarf to go in yet.

 (She goes into the bed-rooin. Boys'
 voices are heard from outside calling.
 Jim Raxter runs in at the house-door.)

Raxter:

 The boys tried to trap me, but I gave
 ’em the slip! There’ll be no two hour
 delay to this wedding. Head the boys
 off, Granny!

 (He squeezes himself into the closet
 at rear and closes the door. Granny
 speaks through the open house-door as
 the voices of the boys are heard near-
 ing.)

Granny:

 Jim left the house just a bit ago,
 boys; I reckon he gave you the slip!

 (She laughs and goes out through the
 house-door with the plate of sand-
 wiches. The boys’ voices are heard re-
 ceding rapidly. May enters from the
 bed-room with a red scarf in her hand.
 As she crosses the room Lem Hamil-
 ton enters at the house-door. May
 stops with a gasp as she sees him. Lem
 is a tall, good-looking and graceful
 young fellow with easy manners and a
 winning smile.)

May:

Lem!

Hamilton :

 I’ve come back for you, May!

 (Raxter sees Hamilton as he en-
 ters, and starts to open the closet-door.
 As Hamilton speaks Raxter pulls the
 closet-door slozvly sh ut and remains hid-
 den.)

May:

 This is my wedding-day!

Hamilton :

 Yes, and I’m the man you’re going
 to marry!
68

“Till Death Us Do Part”

May :

I’m going to marry Jim Raxter!

Hamilton :

 You’re going to marry me; I love
 you, May!

May :

 Is that why you ran away and left
 me?

Hamilton :

 I couldn’t forget you. I thought of
 you by day and I dreamed of you by
 night. When I heard you were going to
 marry Jim Raxter, I knew you could
 never be anybody’s wife but mine! I’ve
 come back for you!

May:

 Hit’s too late!

Hamilton :

 You don’t love Jim!

May:

 Jim’s waiting on me at the foot of
 the falls with the preacher and half the
 count)’!

Hamilton :

 You belong to me!

 (He nears her, but stops as the girl
 speaks with sudden fury.)

May :

 Why don’t you marry Porter Creas-
 man's girl?

Hamilton :

 Why should I marry her?

May:

 They say you’re to blame for her
 shame!

Hamilton :

 That’s an evil lie! I never went with
 the Creasman girl—I never cared for
 her!

May :

I knew it was a lie— Oh, I knew it!

Hamilton :

 Look here, May, what did you prom-
 ise to marry Jim for?

May :

Jim asked me to marry him, and—!

Hamilton :

You mean—?	,

May :

 I’m not looking for shame like the
 Creasman girl’s!

Hamilton :

May!

 (He takes Iter in his arms. May sur-
 renders herself to the love she feels for
 him. She clings to him, sobbing.)

May:

 What’ll we do? What’ll we do?
 Jim’ll never give me up! How can I
 face Granny and all the people?

Hamilton :

 Why face them at all? We’ll run
 away. I’ll slip around by the upper
 trail and wait for'you at the top of the
 falls. When Granny takes you down
 to the folks tell her you’ve got to go
 back to the house for something you
 forgot—and meet me at the head of the
 upper trail. I’ve got a horse and buggy
 at the fork of th« roads. By the time
 Granny and the folks wake up to the
 fact that you’ve cut and run we’ll be
 on the down train at Penrose!

May:

 Yes, yes, that’s best!

Hamilton :

 I'll take your suit-case.

May:

No, they might see you! I’ll take hit.

Hamilton :

 Put this in it—in case anything goes
 wrong you can follow me to Penrose.
 Tickets for Greenville.
“Till Death Us Do Part”

69

 {He takes two railroad tickets from
 his pocket and gives one of them to
 May. May puts it in the suit-case.)

May:

 You bought two tickets! You were
 mighty sure of me!

Hamilton :

 I had a right to be!

May:

 Thank God you came for me, Lem—
 thank God you came!

 {She throzvs her arms about the
 man’s neck and kisses hint.)

Hamilton :

 We’ll be married in Greenville, and
 you’ll never be sorry for it, I swear it!
 Quickly, now!

 (He looks off through the house-
 door. May begins feverishly to put the
 last things in the suit-case and to close
 it.)

May:

 This scarf won’t go in.

Hamilton :

Give it here, I’ll put it in my pocket.

 {He takes the red scarf and thrusts
 it in his pocket. May closes the suit-
 case and fastens it.)

May:

 I’ll get my hat; I’ll follow you right
 along.

Hamilton :

 I’ll be at the top of the falls.

May:

 I’ll meet you there!

 (Hamilton kisses her again and
 then hurries out through the house-door.
 May, happy, excited, runs into the bed-
 room. Jim Raxter comes out of the
 closet at rear. He is breathing hard
 and his stolid features are white and
 drawn. He moves swiftly and silently
 to the table, opens the suit-case, re-
 moves the railroad ticket, then closes

 the suit-case again and fastens it. He
 hesitates a second as he looks tozvard
 the bed-room, then pulls himself to-
 gether and goes out quickly through the
 house-door.

 May re-enters from the bed-room,
 wearing a large lace hat adorned zuith
 flowers. She is singing gayly. Granny
 enters at the house-door.)

Granny :

 My tables are spread and the preach-
 er’s waiting! And now you’ve got the
 true bride-spirit, May!

May:

 Yes, now I’ve got the true bride-
 spirit! Oh, Granny, I’m the happiest
 girl on all Little River!

Granny :

 Now I know you and Jim are going
 to be happy!

May:

 I’m going to be the happiest wife in
 the world, Granny! I want you to re-
 member I said hit.

Granny:

 I reckon the boys didn’t find Jim in
 the closet, did they?

May:

 In the closet?

Granny:

 Jim was hiding from the boys in the
 closet.

 {She goes up to the closet and opens
 the door.)

 No—he’s gone.

May:

 {Her gayety falling from her like a
 cloak as sudden fear grips her heart.)
 When—when was Jim in the closet?

Granny:

 A few minutes back. What’s the
 matter, child, you’re as white as a
 sheet!
70

“Till Death Us Do Part”

May:

 Was he there when—; no. no. he
 couldn’t have been, he couldn’t have
 been!

Granny:

 What’s that?

           May:

 Where’s Jim now?

            Granny:

 I reckon lie’s waiting on you at the
 foot of the falls. Come, May, hit’s
 time for the marriage.

           May:

Granny, I’m afraid—I’m afraid!

 (Her knees give way, she sinks
 trembling into a chair.)

            Granny:

 I’ve heard of brides took like this at
 the last minute, but I didn’t think you
 was one of them foolish kind, May.

 (From the distance sounds a scream
 followed by excited voices.)

             Granny :

 Listen! What’s that ?

           May:

 Oh, God! (She buries her face in her
 hands with a moan.)

            Granny:

 Something’s happened! Wait here,
 May!

 (She hurries out through the house-
 door. Voices are heard nearing. May
 rises and crosses toward the house-door,
 but courage and strength fail her. Mas-
 tered by terror she collapses into a'chair
 by the door. Granny hurries in, dis-
 tressed. )

            Granny:

 May, May—a man’s killed, killed 011
 your wedding-day! Hit’s bad luck, hit’s
 a bad omen!

           Mays
 Who—who— ?

Granny :

Of all men hit’s Lem Hamilton! He
fell over the falls right down in front
of all the wedding-party! He smashed
his head on a rock. He was killed!

May:

Lem’s killed—murdered!

(She sways back and forth, moan-
ing.)

Granny :

Hit was an accident! He fell over
the falls. He must have been coming
back for the wedding, and hearing the
folks down below he must have leaned
over the falls and slipped. God help us,
he fell over the falls right in front of
all the wedding-party! He smashed his
head on a rock. He was killed!

May :

 (Rising with the strength of sudden
 fury.) Where’s Jim?

(Jim Raxter enters at the house-
door.)

Granny :

 May’s all upset over this terrible acci-
 dent ! Poor Lem! Hit’s a bad omen—
 better put off the wedding!

Raxter:

Putting off a wedding’s bad luck.
Lem was nothing to May or me. We’ll
be married just the same. What do you
say, sweetie?

(May regards the stolid man zvith
amazement, uncertain; their eyes do
battle.)

Granny:

A man’s days are numbered, but God
knows Lem Hamilton must have come
back to these parts to do the right thing
by the Creasman girl, for there was two
railroad tickets to Greenville in his
pocket.

May:

 Two tickets?

 (She turns to the suit-case, throws it
 open and searches zvith nervous haste
“Till Death Us Do Part”

71

 for the tickct which she put there. Her
 breath comes harder as she realises the
 tickct is gone.)

Granny :

 Two tickets and his wallet was all
 they found in his pocket.

May :

 My scarf!

Granny :

 Have you lost your scarf ?

Raxter :

 (Unobserved by the others, removes
 the red scarf from his pocket and holds
 it out tozvard May.) I reckon this is
 your scarf, May.

 (May recoils as she sees the scarf;
 she regards Raxter with horror.)

Granny:

 Yes, that’s hit.

Raxter:

 I found hit on the floor.

May:

 Where—where—; how did you get
 hit?

Granny :

 Didn’t you hear Jim say he picked hit
 up off the floor ?

Raxter :

Hit was lying right here by the chair.

Granny:

 Will you be married to-day in the
 face of this terrible accident?

Raxter :

 That’s for May to say!

 (May breaks down sobbing at the
 table.)

Granny:

 I’ll see what the preacher thinks is
 best. God knows hit’s a bad omen!

 (She goes out through the house-
 door. May speaks with lozv vehemence
 as she, checks her sobs and faces Rax-
 ter.)

May:

 You killed him! You killed Lem
 Hamilton! You threw him over the
 falls—you murdered him!

Raxter :

You’re out of your head, May!

May:

 You followed him to the falls, you
 set on him and you threw him over the
 top! You killed him, you killed him,
 and I’ll tell all the folks down there you
 killed him!

Raxter:

 Why should I kill Lem? Can you tell
 all the folks that?

 (May shrinks away from him, fear
 replacing f ury as she realises her posi-
 tion.)

 Lem came to his death by an accident.
 Too bad hit smashed in that pretty face
 of his! But you and me’U be married
 just the same.

May:

You think I’ll marry you now?

Raxter :

 I think you had some reason for
 promising to marry me, and I reckon
 your feeling still holds good! You
 haven’t got to marry me, have you?

 (Ma/s eyes fall before his; she
 sinks to a chair, trembling. Granny
 enters at the house-door.)

Granny :

 Preacher says hit’s best to go through
 with the wedding if we have the cere-
 mony here in the house. Does that suit
 you both?

Raxter :

 Suits me, all right.

Granny:

 How about you, May?

 (May hesitates, unable to control her
 voice. Then she gives a quick nod.)
72

“Till Death Us Do Part”

Granny:

I’ll tell the folks to conic along!

 (She goes out through the house-door.
 Raxter leans over May to kiss her.
 The girl springs to her feet.)

May:

 Don’t touch me!

 (Raxter puts his arms about her and
 laughs shortly as she struggles against
 him.)

Raxter :

 You devil-cat!

 (He forces her arms to her side,
 kisses her warmly and then releases
 her.)

May:

 (White with fury.) I hate you, I
 hate you, I hate you from the bottom of

 my soul, with all the feeling there is in
 me! I always will hate you!

Raxter :

 And I love you with a love that ain’t
 stopping at nothing this side of hell 1
 (Granny enters at the house-door,
 calling to the others.)

Granny:

 Come right in, folks, and see Jim and
 May made one.

Raxter :

 Till death us do part!

(He holds out his hand to May with
a grim expression on his stolid face.
May, white and still, takes her place by
his side. As the people are heard ap-
proaching the house,

the curtain falls

Verse {A la Alice)

       By Murray Leinster

IF things had happened quite my way,
1 We would not be in this cafe.

If you had not insisted on it,

I would gladly have foregone it.

But you announced an appetite
And said you always dined at night.

But you need not have ordered duck.
It’s that that makes me out of luck.

So I must tell you I’m not able
To pay for what is on the table.

So when you’ve eaten all you want,
They’ll throw us from this restaurant.
When Father Forbids

            By Thomas Edgelow

ORBES COLLINS was
forty-six. Joyce Collins
was seventeen. Forbes
Collins was rich—quite
the richest man in Min-
erva, New York. Joyce
Collins depended upon
her father for every cent that she spent.
Forbes Collins was stoutish, middle-
aged, blue-eyed and had a neat, fairish
moustache and a clipped beard. Joyce
Collins had hair that Willie Scott said
was not hair at all but just an impris-
oned sunbeam. Joyce Collins, still ac-
cording to Willie, had no eyes at all—
just twin lakes of sapphire blue. Joyce
Collins was not fat—and certainly she
was not thin—so she must have been
just about perfect. At least, Willie
swore that she was.

  So there you have them—father and
daughter, Forbes Collins and his only
offspring, Joyce.

  Again a difference between them:
Forbes Collins was a widower, while
naturally Joyce was unmarried. All
the same, both of them were secretly
contemplating marriage. Joyce wanted
to marry Willie Scott, who was twenty-
three and dark-haired and romantic
and everything that Joyce adored.
Then Forbes Collins secretly had his
eye on that beautiful widow, Mrs.
Townsend—Diana Townsend, who had
just come to dive in Minerva in a small
house on Maple Avenue.

  Then, besides Forbes Collins and his
daughter, Joyce, and Willie Scott and
Mrs. Townsend and everybody, there
was Bertram Valentine, and he, too,
played a part in it.

  Bertram Valentine was tall—very
tall. Thin he was—very thin—and (and
here again we must look through some-
body else’s eyes, using Joyce’s for a
change)—Bertram Valentine was a
caricature of a man, with a long, thin
red beak of a nose—with a thin-lipped
mouth and with great hands and feet
that were freckled redly. His hair,
which was thin on top, was sandy-red
too, and Joyce hated him, just as much
as her father liked and encouraged him.

  For Forbes Collins was practically
Collins’ Trust Company, so naturally
Forbes Collins both liked and appreci-
ated money. And Bertram Valentine
was making money with his biscuit fac-
tory that' reared its hideous buildings
on the outskirts of the little up-state
city.

  As for Willie, why Willie hated Val-
entine almost as much as he adored
Joyce. To love and to hate was about
all that Willie had to do. Quite recently
he had returned to Minerva from one
of the lesser known colleges and so far
Wiflie had not determined what he
wanted to do with his life—other than
to love Joyce.

  And then came an evening when the
June moon was shining and the June
roses were making everything fragrant.
Forbes Collins presented himself at the
door of Diana Townsend’s cottage.

  “Won’t you come and stroll in my
garden?” he asked. “There is a moon
and it will be light enough to show you
the flowers.”

  Leaving the house, Mrs. Townsend
put one deliciously cool hand on Collins'
arm and allowed him to pretend to show

73
74

When Father Forbids

her the way. As they came behind the
house, suddenly Collins paused and
pointed up to the windows above the
garage. Mrs. Townsend looked up,
and as the elder pair stood below, a
match flared and Joyce was seen re-
posing in Willie’s arms as he lit a ciga-
rette.

  Now the garage in the Collins home
boasted a second story where the chauf-
feur-handy-man-gardener could have
been quartered, only the Collins facto-
tum went home every night to his wife
and children. So Joyce had introduced
an old couch, a couple of ancient arm-
chairs, and a curtain, and quite un-
known to her father was in the habit of
seeing Willie here.

  "Come down! Come down, both of
you at once!” bellowed Collins.

  “What shall we do?” asked Willie
with an uncomfortable feeling of chill
running up and down his spine.

  “What shall we do?” repeated Joyce.
“Why, go down and talk to them. You
can ask Dad if you can marry me.”
Putting her head out of the window,
Joyce called sweetly: “All right, dear
Papa, I hear your tuneful summons.
Have patience and we will be with
you.”

  She laughed mockingly, and presently
Joyce and Willie emerged on the gravel
path in front of the garage.

  “Good evening Mrs. Townsend,”
Joyce said pleasantly. “Lovely night,
isn’t it? Don’t run away. You may be
good for Dad’s temper—and Willie is
just going to ask him if he can
marry me.”

  “You absurd child!” Mrs. Town-
send said indulgently, as she patted
Joyce affectionately on the arm.

  But Willie had gathered all the forti-
tude that he possessed, and in a kind of
desperation he looked at Collins and
said:

  “Look here, Mr. Collins—I—Joyce—
that is, we love each other—so how’s

chances of you being a good sport and
saying ‘yes’ ?”

  Collins glowered at him. However,
Mrs. Townsend’s presence was not
without its influence.

  “How’s chances of me saying yes?”
he queried disagreeably. “Pretty slim,
my boy—pretty slim.”

  “But why?” demanded Willie hotly.
“I love her—and she loves me.”

  “Oh, she does, does she?” Collins
sneered. “That’s very nice, isn’t it?
But how do you propose to support my
daughter? You don’t expect me to
keep you, do you? I’ll tell you what
I’ll do with you,” he went on with a
sidelong glance at Mrs. Townsend as
though to call her to witness what an
excellent “sport” he was. “I’ll tell you
what I’ll do with you. You run off
and show me that you can make money
—I don’t care how—that’s for you to
determine—but it’s reasonable for me
to expect you to show me the goods.
If you can come to me—within the next
few months—and show me that you
have got hold of some real money—
why, then—you can have my daughter.”
“How much must I show you?”
asked Willie eagerly.

  “How much ?” asked Collins thought-
fully. Then he laughed. “Look here,
young fellow, you come to me within
six months and show me twenty-five
hundred dollars that you’ve gotten your-
self—and the girl’s yours! I’ll give
you a job in the bank and let you marry
her. Is that fair enough?”

  Willie was about to protest at the
enormity of the task set him, when a
sudden idea struck Joyce. It would be
of little use to argue with her father.
He had made a certain offer, so they
had better conserve their energies to
concentrate upon getting the fabulous
sum he demanded!

  “All right—Dad,” she said quickly,
“you’re on—only don’t back out and try
and evade it when Willie comes through
When Father Forbids

75

with that twenty-five hundred. You
think now that he can’t do it—and I
tell you that he can. At least, be a sport
when it comes to a showdown.”

  “I have yet to experience a time when
I have gone back on my word," Collins
snapped at her. “Let the young fool
produce twenty-five hundred dollars,
that he’s made himself, within six
months—and you’ll find I’ll make good
—and then much happiness he’ll bring
you!”

  It was on the next afternoon, while
Joyce was swinging lazily in the ham-
mock on the porch, that Bertram Val-
entine came suddenly upon her.

  “I saw you swinging there from the
roau,” he said in what he imagined was
an ingratiating way, “and I couldn’t re-
sist the temptation to stop the car and
come in and see how you were.”

  “Thank you, I’m quite all right,”
Joyce said with all the chill of which
seventeen is capable.

  Joyce was perfectly well aware of
how pretty she was, and she was in-
tensely suspicious of this man since her
row with her father during the dinner
of the previous evening.

  As for Valentine, he merely liked to
flirt with any pretty girl with whom he
came in contact.

  “I wonder if you know how pretty
you are?” blundered Valentine, little
reckoning with the terrible wrath and
the equally terrible rudeness of seven-
teen.

  “Supposing I were to make personal
remarks about you?” she flashed at him.
“Who asked you to come and tell me
what I look like?”

  Picking up his hat, Valentine strode
angrily off the porch, and a moment la-
ter his car could be heard as he started
up the engine.

  As for Forbes Collins, in the next
week he hardly spoke to his daughter,
so angry was he at her behaviour, but
this was not destined to last, for anger

gave place in Collins's heart to a great
fear.

  It was just over a week after his last
quarrel with Joyce that Collins returned
at his usual hour for dinner, and, when
that meal was served, Joyce failed to
put in an appearance. In moody silence
Collins ate his dinner alone, but when
ten o’clock came and no Joyce, Collins
became a little alarmed.

  Determining that Joyce must be out
somewhere with Willie, Collins rang up
the Scotts’ house to ask Willie’s parents
if they knew’ anything of his where-
abouts.

  To Collins’s surprise, it was Willie
himself who answered the telephone,
and Willie’s voice was crammed full of
frightened surprise when Mr. Collins
asked him where Joyce was.

  “I saw her this afternoon—we went
out for a little turn in her car,” Willie
admitted over the wire. “Are you sure
she is not above the garage, Mr. Col-
lins?”

  “No,” replied Collins apprehensively,
“I looked there before I rang you
up,”

  “I’m coming right round myself,”
Willie told him without waiting for his
permission.

  A few minutes, and apparently en-
tirely forgetting his late differences of
opinion with Joyce’s father, Willie
stormed into the house.

  “This is all your fault,” he exclaimed
hotly. “Every bit your fault,” he went
on, seeing that Collins took a very
humble attitude over it all. “You’ve
been such a brute to her that she's run
away! That’s what she’s done—and I
don’t blame her! If you don’t love her,
I do—and by jiminy I’m going to find
her!”

  He prepared to dash from the house,
but Collins, by now thoroughly fright-
ened, stopped him with a gesture.

  “I don’t understand it,” the elder
man mused aloud. “You would have
76

When Father Forbids

thought that she would have told you
about it!”

  “For God’s sake don’t stand argu-
ing,” Willie snapped back at him, and
it was proof of how disturbed Collins
was in his mind in that he did not re-
buke the boy for his tone. “For God’s
sake get on the ’phone and call up the
police. Call up New York—get busy
—do something—or I will.”

  Willie went quickly to the telephone,
and shortly afterwards both the Mi-
nerva police and the headquarters of
police in New York knew that the sev-
enteen-year-old daughter of the banker
had mysteriously disappeared.

  Collins almost collapsed, for deep in
his heart he was devoted to Joyce, and
their frequent quarrels were only caused
by a too great similarity of nature.

  Somehow the night dragged through.
Willie, despite telephonic commands
from home, refused to return there.
Instead, he sat in Collins’s library
and the telephone was kept busy all
night.

  Collins, on Willie’s suggestion,
caught the eight-thirty-two for New
York the next morning, but his journey
proved fruitless. After harassing the
police and having enlisted the aid of
the press, having used his influence with
a big politician and having generally
taken up every possible clue, Collins re-
turned to Minerva, reaching there late
the same evening. He had telephoned
from New York the train he was trav-
elling on, and so it was Willie who met
him at the station.

  “Any news?” asked the father breath-
lessly.

  “None,” Willie told him as they en-
tered Collins’s car and drove to the
house. “I have a clue, though!”

  “What is it?” Collins nearly hit a
lamp-post in his excitement.

  “I’ve only just got it,” Willie re-
turned excitedly, “but Valentine is not
in town!”

  “What do you mean by that ?” flashed
Collins at him.

  “At first, I thought of white slav-
ers,” Willie answered thoughtfully,
“but then Joyce is so clever. Now that
I find Valentine is gone—well—I don’t
know what to think. I saw his house-
keeper—and she didn’t know anything
about him except that he had telephoned
to ask if there was any mail for him
from East Marling.”

  “That’s only about sixty miles,” Col-
lins said shortly. “What’s the time?”
He looked at the clock on the dash-
board, which showed it to be twenty
minutes to eleven.

  “We could make it before one,” Wil-
lie suggested, but already Collins had
turned his car and was speeding East.

  Mile after mile flew by in silence, and
Collins exceeded every known speed law.

  “I’ve advertised a five-thousand-dol-
lar reward,” Collins remarked once.

  “Well, I intend to get that money,”
Willie returned grimly. “I want the
girl more, though!”

  “You can have your five thousand,”
the other growled.

  As they entered the city limits of East
Marling the clock showed it to be a
quarter past twelve. Collins slowed
down.

  “There is only one decent hotel,” Wil-
lie remarked. “It’s a kind of road-
house—a cabaret and all the rest of it.
Better go there first. Turn to the right
after the next corner.”

  Later, Collins drew up before the
roadhouse. It was typical of that kind
of place, where exorbitant prices, infe-
rior music and insolent service pre-
vailed.

  “Better go about it cautiously,” Wil-
lie advised, and Collins nodded assent.

  The place was also a hotel, and Col-
lins strode up to the desk.

  “I want to register,” he told the night
clerk.

  As he did so his eye caught the sig-
When Father Forbids

77

nature of Bertram Valentine after
which Valentine had written the damn-
ing words “and wife.”

  Collins turned to the boy. Willie
laughed feebly. Evidently the strain
had been too much for him. for the boy
seemed to have gone to pieces. He
continued to laugh almost hysterically,
and then he pulled himself together
with an awful effort.

  “Not a word,” he whispered. “Let's
get upstairs. I saw the number of their
room.”

  Later, an officious bellboy having left
them in the rooms they had taken, Col-
lins, followed by Willie, tiptoed down
the corridor and stopped at a door on
which the former knocked loudly.

  It was Valentine in pajamas and
dressing-gown who opened the door,
and it was Collins’s fist that crashed
into that surprised man’s face. He
staggered and almost- fell, as Collins
dashed by him into the room, closely
followed by Willie.

  A woman’s voice screamed — but
screamed subduedly, so that with the
noise of the orchestra downstairs no
one paid any attention.

  With his mouth wide open with sur-
prise, Collins viewed Diana, who was
exquisite in a negligee.

  “We were married this evening, dear
Mr. Collins,” explained Diana brightly,
having immediately regained her poise.
“And what do you mean by knocking
my poor husband about ?”

  Followed explanations—explanations
that were so thoroughly satisfactory
that even the injured Valentine forgave
the blow and wished the frightened fa-
ther luck in his search.

  “I never thought it of her,” Collins
growled as his car flew along the roads
on the homeward journey a few min-
utes later.

  “Well.” remarked Willie cheerfully,
“you certainly pasted that beast, Valen-
tine, one! I owed him one myself for

daring to look at Joyce—but I’ve got
another idea about her.”

  “Your ideas seem a damn lot of good !”
retorted Collins. “Still, what is it?”
“If you don’t like my ideas, I won’t
tell you,” Willie answered sulkily. “I'll
wait till we get back.”

  As they entered on Maple Avenue,
Willie stopped the car and alighted.

  “I’ll ring you up in a few minutes if
my clue is any good,” he said and dis-
appeared into the darkness.

  Greatly perturbed and yet believing
strongly that his daughter, who was
well-informed as to the dangers that
threaten pretty young girls, would yet
be all right, Collins let himself into his
house.

  About twenty minutes later, and the
front door, which was unlocked, burst
open, and Joyce, tugging Willie by the
hand, entered breathlessly.

  After her father’s natural anxiety
and excitement had calmed down, he
turned to Willie and stretched out his
hand.

  “How did you do it?” he asked.
“Now you must tell me all about it—
now she is safe.”

  “You write me out a check for five
thousand first,” returned Willie cal-
lously. “Now don’t back down—you
promised it.”

  “I didn’t know you were such a mer-
cenary blackguard,” Collins retorted
hotly.

  Nevertheless, he went there and then
to his desk, and when he returned he
handed Willie his check for five thou-
sand dollars.

  “I’ll give you back twenty-five hun-
dred in the morning,” Willie said as he
put the check in his pocket.

  “You mean—” began Collins as he
saw a great white light.

  “Just that!” chuckled Willie. “Joyce
and I thought it all out. You said
I had to make twenty-five hundred
dollars. I only knew two men who
78

When Father Forbids

had that amount lying around loose
in Minerva. Valentine was one—and
he was impossible—and you were the
other—so Joyce and I helped our-
selves.”

  He came and stood by Joyce and
placed a bold arm around her waist.
“You can’t refuse me the girl now,”
Willie went on as Joyce encouraged
him by her smile. “You said twenty-
five hundred—and I’ve made by my
own wits—or by Joyce’s, which is the
same thing—double that. Do I get
your consent or not?”

  Collins gasped—then he chuckled—
then he burst into a roar of relieved
laughter.

  “You get her, boy—you get her—and
the job in the bank as well. Now
tell me—where was Joyce all the
time ?”

  “In my mother’s spare room,” Willie
grinned. “To please me, Mother even
fooled Dad. It was difficult—but we

did it—and I knew the police were such
fools that it was quite safe to pull
them!”

  “And I got ever so tired of being
shut up there,” Joyce added.

  “But how did you know about Valen-
tine?” Collins persisted.

  "That was luck,” Willie admitted.
"His housekeeper told me what I told
you—and I jumped to the conclusion
that it might be Mrs. Townsend—Val-
entine, as she now is. I wanted to
make sure that you should find her out
—for I knew Valentine had been flirt-
ing with her. Then, I wanted to be
sure that you would come across with
that five thousand. As to the hotel—
there is only one—and, anyway, it was
worth taking a chance on your gaso-
line!”

  “I think,” Collins admitted, “that I
may yet make a banker of you,” but
Willie’s real reward came in Joyce’s
good night kiss.

     May

        By J. R. McCarthy

WHO’LL listen if I sing of May?
w Nobody.

Who cares a darn that May is gay?
        Nobody.

Who sees the fawn-flower’s cup of gold ?
        Nobody.

Who loves the fair marsh-marigold ?
        Nobody!

Ah! The}' are praising Mary at
        The movies.

They’re watching Charlie chase a cat
        In movies.

They see balloons and swimming maids
        In movies.

And what are May or May’s green glades
       To movies?
  Hats

By Frank Dorrance Hopley

HEN Beatrice op-
ened her eyes they
looked up into the
face of a young
man who was
bending over her.

  “Are you hurt?”
he asked anxiously.
“I don’t know,”
replied Beatrice, trying to sit up, and
falling back onto the pillows again.
“Where am I?”

  “On a lounge in the back of your
store,” responded the young man. “I
carried you there when you fell and—”
“Fell!” interrtipted Beatrice. “I
don’t remember! What happened?”
“You were in the window. Going
to trim it up, I guess, and I was pass-
ing. You had your back towards the
street and I stopped to watch you.
Then you started to go up the step-
ladder. It tipped a little and you lost
your balance and fell I ran in and
picked you up, and carried you to
the lounge. Here! Take a drink of
water and maybe you’ll feel bet-
ter. It’s lucky you weren’t killed.
You certainly came down with a
smash!”

  Beatrice suddenly stopped drinking
the glass of water the young man had
handed her.

  “Oh!” she cried anxiously. “Oh!
were they hurt too?”

  “Who ?”

  “Pink Lady, and Spangles, and Pop-
py and Pearl, and Blue Beauty and
Rosemary!”

  The young man looked at her curi-
ously. Evidently he thought the fall,

for the moment, had impaired her

reason.

  “I didn’t see anybody but you,” he
answered. “Who are all these people
you’re so worried about?

  “Oh! the hats!”

  “Hats!”

  “Yes,” said Beatrice leaning over
the end of the lounge in order to get
a better view of the store window.
“Every hat I make I give a name. It’s
just like a child to me. For instance,
that pink one all covered with chiffon
and roses, I call ‘Pink Lady’!”

  “I see!” said the young man, laugh-
ing. “It’s a great idea. No! the hats
weren’t hurt. They’re on the counter
just where you put them before you
stood on the ladder!”

  “I’m so glad! If I’d smashed them
it would have been terrible. Just as
if some one died.”

  “It would!” said the young man
solemnly. “But. say!” he added. “What
do you do when you sell one ? Doesn’t
it make you feel badly to part with
them ?”

  Beatrice laughed. She was feeling
better!

  “I have yet to experience my first
sorrow,” she said. “You see I’ve only-
had the shop open a little over a month,
and I haven’t sold any yet.”

 “Open a month and not made a
sale?”

  “No. I’m afraid the location isn't
a very good one. I thought being near
the avenue I would get a good deal of
trade. But it hasn’t come yet.”

The young man was silent a moment.
Then he rose and reached for his hat.

79
80

Hats!

  “If you’re all right,” he said smiling,
"I’ll be going. I’ve an appointment at
ten and it’s ten-thirty now. I’m so
glad the fall didn’t hurt you.”

  Beatrice put out her hand.

  “I don’t know how I can ever thank
you for helping me,” she said. ‘‘I
might have laid in the window all the
morning if it hadn’t been for you,
Mr.—”

  “Cummings,” finished the young
man. “Howard Cummings! But say!
Don’t think you’re going to get rid of
me as easy as this, for you’re not.
Our introduction wasn’t exactly ac-
cording to Hoyle, but it was a regular
knock-down, wasn’t it,” and he laughed
boyishly. “I’ve got to go out of town
for a few days on business, but when
I get back I’m coming around and take
you out to dinner. Will you go?”
“What’s your business?” asked Bea-
trice, choosing to ignore his question.
“Hats!”

  “Hats?”

  “Yes! The same as yours. Only I
sell them raw, without the fixings. But
you didn’t answer my question about
going out with me. Will you ?”

  “Perhaps,” said Beatrice a little
doubtfully. "If you’re in the hat busi-
ness, maybe I could buy some of you
when I’ve sold all I’ve got on hand.
While we were having dinner we could
talk business, couldn’t we?”

  “We could,” said Cummings smiling-
ly. “There’s many a deal been made
over a table-cloth. It’s a go then!
Make it Thursday night. I’ll be back
by that time!”

  Beatrice was pretty! Even an ene-
my, if she had one, could not have
truthfully denied that fact!

  She was also young, which was an
added charm!

  Her figure was well rounded. Arms
plump and pink, and her complexion as
delicate as the tint of a sea-shell.
Take it all in all, she was a com-

panion not to be despised, from the
viewpoint of a man of the world.

  Howard Cummings took this all in
at a glance, as he stepped into the lit-
tle hat shop, at precisely six o’clock on
that Thursday evening.

  Of a sudden, that day, Beatrice ha/1
come to the determination to wear one
of the hats she had on sale.

  “Mine looks so shoppy,” she told
herself in justification of her act.

  All day long she had been trying to
decide which of the six favorite ones
it should be. Finally the choice nar-
rowed down to “Pink Lady” and “Blue
Beauty,” and in the final count “Pink
Lady” won.

 When Cummings opened the door
she had just put it on, and turned from
the mirror to greet him. She was
standing under a chandelier the light
from which threw a sort of halo around
her head.

  Cummings stopped with the door half
open, and looked at her admiringly!

  “Well!” she said, flushing a little un-
der his gaze. “Will I do?”

  "You’re beautiful,” replied Cum-
mings. “Beautiful!”

  Beatrice blushed prettily. It was the
first time she had ever received a com-
pliment from a man.

  “Come!” she said. “Let’s go. I’m
ravenous, aren’t you ? Which way shall
we go?”

  “Thought I’d take you down to my
rooms,” replied Cummings carelessly.
“I’ve got a taxi outside and it won’t
take us long to get there. I hate res-
taurants! I’ve arranged to have din-
ner sent in from Masgetti’s, an Italian
place, nearby. There’ll be just two of
us. It’ll be jolly, won’t it?”

  “Real spiffy,” replied Beatrice laugh-
ing, yet inwardly wondering if she was
doing the right thing in going. “Is it
far?”

  “Stuyvesant Square,” said Cum-
mings, as they came out and Beatrice
Hats!

SI

locked the door. “We’ll be there in
ten minutes!”

  Cummings occupied three rooms on
the second floor of a house near the
Square, which had once been the abode
of some of the elect. The drift uptown,
however, had changed the character of
the locality of late years, and the ap-
pearance of the place was far from
what it once had been.

  Entering the house, Cummings took
Beatrice quickly up the stairs, and
opening the door, switched on the light.

“Come in,” he said, “this is where I
hang out. What do you think of it?”
Beatrice looked around and gasped
a little. It was far more gorgeous than
anything she had ever seen.

  "It’s great!” she exclaimed admiring-
ly. “Simply great. I could spend all
the evening looking at the pictures!”

  "I thought you were hungry,” re-
joined Cummings, laughing. “If you’re
not, I am! The pictures can wait.
Come in here,” opening the door of an-
other room. "Dinner’s all ready, eh,
Verdi ?”

  The waiter smiled and nodded and
showed Beatrice to a seat.

  Then the dinner began I
It was different from anything Bea-
trice had ever known before. The
queer dishes awed and fascinated her.
She laughed at her vain attempts to
corral the elusive spaghetti, which with
Cummings’ help, she at last succeeded
in eating. When, finally, at his solici-
tation, she had been persuaded to par-
take of the somewhat odoriferous
cheese, she laid down her knife and
fork with a sigh of contentment.

  “It was the best dinner I ever had,”
she said happily. “And to think, it’s
all over.

  Cummings laughed, and even the
solemn-faced Verdi smiled.

  “That will do, Verdi,” said Cum-
mings. “You may go now. I’ll at-
tend to the rest!”

  “Is there going to be anything
more?” asked Beatrice, as Verdi closed
the door with a grin. “I couldn’t eat
another thing for hours and hours!”
“We’ll have a little wine to top off
with,” said Cummings, rising. "What
kind do you like, red or white?”
Beatrice laughed.

  “I never drank in my life before,”
she said, “and I don’t suppose I ought
to now, but just for once I’ll take some
red. That will match up with ‘Pink
Lady,’ won’t it?”

  “And your cheeks,” laughed Cum-
mings. “You wait here and I’ll get it.
I won’t be long.”

  As Cummings passed the door lead-
ing to the hall he turned the key in tho
lock and put it in his pocket. Then ho
went into the further room and opened
a cupboard.

  Jjfcatrice closed her eyes for a mo-
mfflit. Then opened them again and
jumped up.

  “I’m going into the other room and
look at the pictures,” she called. “I
didn’t see half of them before dinner!”
She walked about the room looking
at the paintings, and wondering why
it took Cummings so long! What was
he doing?

  When at last he returned with a tray
with two glasses upon it, Beatrice was
standing before a picture of a woman,
which hung over the mantel.

  “Who is that?” she asked.

  “My mother!” replied Cummings,
and a note of tenderness came into his
voice.

  Beatrice turned slowly and faced
him.

  “She’s a perfect dear,” she said. “She
looks exactly like my mother does!
Isn’t it great that we both have such
good mothers? Do you know, I was
a little bit afraid to come here with
you tonight alone. I didn’t know—
well—you know the things you see in
the movies! But now I’ve seen your

S.—Mst—6
82

Hats!

mother’s picture, I know I’m as safe
as I would be at home. A man with
such a mother couldn't do wrong. Oh!
is that the wine? Isn’t it pretty and
pink? Which glass do I take?”

  A strange look came into Cummings’
eyes and the tray he held in his hand
trembled. Before Beatrice could take
a glass he suddenly drew back. His
elbow hit against a chair and the glasses
were overturned and fell to the floor.

   “Oh!” exclaimed Beatrice. “Did I do
.that? I’m so sorry, but the glasses
didn’t break!”

   “No,” said Cummings quietly, “it was
all my fault. There’s no more wine,
though, so we’ll have to go without.”
“It doesn’t matter,” said Beatrice
sweetly, “but I’m sorry it got spilled!”
Cummings made no reply but went
to the window and threw up the shade.
For several minutes he stood there si-
lently watching the lights gleaming in
the square below. When he turned to
Beatrice again his face was pale but
he had regained his composure.

   “Tell me!” he said, “how’s business?
Made any sales yet?”

  Beatrice shook her head a little
sadly.

   “No,” she said, “and what’s more it
don’t look as if I was going to. I’ve
about made up my mind to close the
shop and look around for a job.”

   “Oh, I wouldn’t do that,” exclaimed
Cummings. “Stick it out, you’ll surely
do business in time!”

   Beatrice laughed!

  “That’s all very well,” she said.
‘‘But when it comes time to pay the
rent and there isn't anything to pay
with, one don’t know what to do.”
“Oh! that’s how it is,” said Cum-
mings gravely. “I see! But perhaps
you’ll have better luck soon.”

   Beatrice sighed.

   “I hope so,” she said, “but it’s got
to come soon. Then, as she counted
the strokes of a clock in a nearby

church tower, “I must be going now.
Mother will be waiting. She isn’t very
well and I don’t want to keep her up
late. I don’t know how I can ever thank
you for such a lovely evening. It’s the
best I ever had in my life!”

  “I’m glad you’ve enjoyed yourself,”
said Cummings as he handed her “Pink
Lady” and watched her put it on. “I
hope this won’t be the last dinner we’ll
have together. And we’ll hope for bet-
ter luck at the store!”'

  And on the wings of the wish, luck
came flying!

  The very next day a woman walked
past the little hat shop, looked in the
window, and came back. For a few
moments she stood gazing at the hats,
then she entered the shop.

  When she came out, “Pink Lady”
was reposing in a box, tagged and ad-
dressed, while Beatrice gazed lovingly
at four ten-dollar bills which she held
in her hand.

  The following afternoon two girls
came in, and with many expressions
of delight, purchased “Poppy” and
“Blue Beauty.”

  Within ten days the other hats in
the window which Beatrice had ca-
ressed and chided for not captivating
the feminine public, had gone the way
of the others, and she was busy making
more to take their place.

  Only once during that time had she
seen Cummings. Then he had just
dropped in to ask how she was getting
along. He was as pleased as Beatrice
to hear of her success.

  “As soon as the rush is over at our
shop we’ll have another dinner to-
gether,” he said. “We’re working
nearly every night now getting out or-
ders.”

  “I’m ready,” laughed Beatrice. “That
was the best dinner I ever had. I won-
der if the next will taste as good!”

  A week later Beatrice decided she
must have some more hats!
Hats!

83

  “I’ll close early and run down to Mr.
Cummings’ shop, and see what he’s
got,” she said one rainy afternoon.
“It’s on Houston street, near Lafayette,
lie said. I guess I can find it.”*

  Ten minutes later Beatrice climbed
aboard a Broadway car and soon
alighted amid that seething mass of
humanity from the old and new world
which nightly throngs that part of the
city.

  As she entered the shop of Cum-
mings and Son, it appeared that busi-
ness was about to cease for the day.

  “We’re not working tonight,” said
Cummings as he ushered her into his
little office. “But 'I’ll show you what
we’ve got after the girls are gone.”
“I’ll just look over the stock and see
if there’s anything I can use!” said
Beatrice loftily.

  Cummings laughed!

  A girl put her head in the door.
“Good night, Mr. Cummings,” she
said.

  “Good night, Mollie,” he answered!
Two more flung back their farewells
as they passed out.

  As Beatrice looked at them she grew
puzzled. They appeared strangely
familiar. Where had she seen them
before, she wondered.

  Then, as three others went by and
waved to Cummings, she gasped.

  “Oh!” she said. “Oh! Look!”
  “What ?” asked Cummings curiously.
  "Those girls! Who are they?”
  “They work here. Why?”

  “Their hats!”

  “What about them?”

  “Why, there’s ‘Pink Lady,’ and ‘Pop-
py,’ and ‘Blue Beauty,’ and ‘Rosemary,’
and all of them. All my hats that I
sold!”

  Cummings started and his face red-
dened.

  “Oh!” said Beatrice, looking first at
him and then at the disappearing girls
with their gorgeous headgears. “Did

you—? You did—! I know you did!”

  “Yes,” admitted Cummings. “I did
tell them about your shop and that it
was a fine place to get hats. I believe
they are all very well pleased with their
purchases.”

  Beatrice stood regarding him seri-
ously.

  “You can't spoof me,” she said. “I
know those girls couldn’t afford to buy
those kind of hats. You did it! You
told them to buy the hats and gave
them the money to pay for them, just
to help me out. I know you did. And
oh! I thought I was building up a
fine trade, and now—” and Beatrice’s
lips quivered.

  Cummings looked towards the door.
It was closed! All the girls had gone!
He went over to where Beatrice was
standing!

  “Yes,” he said, “I’ll plead guilty! I
did do it. It was the only way I could
think of to help you! I knew you
wouldn’t let me give you the money. I
didn’t suppose, though, you’d come
down here and see them with the. hats
on. But now I’m glad you did, for
it gives me a chance to tell you some-
thing I’ve been wanting to for some
time.”

  “What?” said Beatrice, looking up
quickly.

  Cummings hesitated. He didn’t seem
to know- how to begin.

  “I’ve another confession to make,”
he said at last, a little nervously. “It’s
about that night you had dinner with
me in my rooms. I don’t know how to
say it exactly, but—I had other plans
when I took you there, than you knew
—I—”

  Beatrice was regarding him gravely.

  “Yes,” she said slowly, “I know!
“That’s why you locked the door,
wasn’t it?”

  Cummings started!

  “You saw me do that?” he asked in
astonishment.
84

Hats!

  “Yes,” replied Beatrice, “and I was
scared stiff. Then I thought if I got
you talking about your mother it would
be all right. And it was.”

  Cummings laid his hand on Beatrice’s
arm.

  "I’m going to ask your forgiveness,”
he said earnestly. "Please don’t think
badly of me! Give me another chance!

And some day when you have learned
you can really trust me, Beatrice, I’m
going to tell you something, and I hope
you will listen. Will you?”

  Beatrice looked up shyly. '

  “Yes,” she said, “when that time
comes I’ll listen, Howard! In the
meantime, suppose we just talk about
—Hats!”

The Days of Old

     By Hale Merriman

    LD man, your day is over,

      Go put your slippers on ;

 Like old dog Tray, you’ve had your day,
 But now your day is gone!

 You heard the call of April
 And with her danced awhile,

 Like springtime flood your aged blood
 Surged warm beneath her smile.

 From firesides warm and cosy,

 From easy chairs you came,

 With toothless smiles and ancient wiles
 To play at April’s game.

 You had your Indian summer,

 A sweet, brief while to play,

 While soldiers brave across the wave
 Mixed in the battle fray.

 But now your hour is ended,

 No longer may you dance!

 Yield to the truth—our nation’s youth
 Is home again from France.
Lonely Heart

    33}’ Harry C. Hervey, Jr.

HE lamps of Sliadwell
High Street splashed
against the savage purple
of the night; there was no
brightness to them, noth-
ing to relieve the gloom of
the crowded, toppling
houses. They were oppressive. They
were ghastly—and they only served to
increase the palpitations of my heart.

  I am not a nervous man, but I had
heard wild tales of Shadwell and St.
George’s, of the gaping maws of their
black alleys . . . and of little children’s
screams that cut the night like a sharp
blade.

  ‘'Don’t be moved by a pale face, pale
hair and a plaintive appeal,” my friend
Ronald Braithwaite, of Scotland Yard,
had warned me. “If I were you, I
wouldn’t go into Shadwell alone. You’re
taking your life in your own hands.
But you Americans are all bull-
headed ...”

  Too late I began to value his advice.
I knew nothing of this dark quarter of
London where the weird dusk crushed
your very soul with terror . . . and
the smell of bilge-water and other offen-
sive odors made you sick; I only knew
that out of idle American curiosity I
was seeking a certain Olaf Bjom’s
beer-house where I would enquire for a
man called Yan Ericsson.

  I had made up my mind that I would
not leave the Greatest City in the World
until I visited the various quarters. I
had spent an evening in Limehouse,
Stepney, Blackwall, Whitechapel, the
Isle of Dogs, but my curiosity would
not be quenched until I had viewed the

blond giants who come up from the lap-
ping Thames to drink vile beer and
make eyes at the pallid girls of Lon-
don’s Scandinavian quarter. I chose
the hours after dusk for my visits be-
cause there is something alluring about
the nocturnal. Day is derisive; night
hides the bitter scai-s that dawn reveals
in argent irony.

  At intervals in the street the black
opening of an alley leered at me and
from its dark recesses came brutal
curses in some guttural foreign tongue
—at least I supposed they were curses.
They sounded terrible. Occasionally I
saw a shadowy person slinking among
the piles of tumbled dwellings, or the
gleam of a light in an open window, but
for the main part the street was de-
serted and lonely. It was more than
lonely; it was frightful. And those
yawning alleyways!

  After a deal of observation and ma-
neuvering, I finally located a place that
—according to Braithwaite’s descrip-
tion—resembled Olaf Bjorn’s. I stood
outside a moment, wondering whether
or not I should enter. It was not invit-
ing. A pale lamp gasped above the sign
that bore what suggested Swedish let-
tering. And through the cracks of a
sagging door a few streams of light
struggled out. The windows were cov-
ered. From the interior came sounds
of boorish mirth.

  At length I summed up courage and
pushed the sagging door open. If I ex-
pected my entrance to be noticed I was
disappointed; no one looked at me.
They were too interested in their beer
and loud talk. I was almost choked by

85
86

Lonely Heart

the reek of stale beer, of musty food—
and men. It was horrible.

  Striding past the tables nearest the
door, I sat down in the corner, attempt-
ing to be as inconspicuous as possible.
As is the way when one tries to be in-
conspicuous, I failed. Every face in
the room seemed suddenly turned upon
me. I wished that I had never come.
I was vaguely wondering what their
opinion of me was when a big blond
slouched up and asked in broken Eng-
lish what I wanted. I told him beer.
When he returned I enquired if he
knew Yan Ericsson. He grunted.

  "Ay tank so,” he said gruffly.

  “Is he here this evening?”

  The big blond surveyed me stupidly.

  “Ay tank so,” he said gruffly.

  I asked if I might see him. His face
never relaxed.

  “Ay tank so,” he said again, and
without speaking lumbered out of the
door at my side.

  The beer was vile. I wanted to spit
it out but I didn’t dare. I only sat
there in silent agony for what seemed
an interminable stretch of time. Finally
Ericsson came. He loomed up out of
the darkness in the doorway, a huge
hulk of Swedish manhood, large blue,
eyes looking out from beneath a mop
of uncombed yellow hair. He held a
pipe between his teeth.

  “You want to see me?” he asked, a
good-natured smile lighting his frank
features. His English was splendid.
The only perceptible foreign accent was
a slight hesitation before each word.
I liked Yan Ericsson immediately. He
looked honest.

  “Why, yes,” I said, secretly admiring
the sinewy muscles exposed by his short
sleeves. “My friend Mr. Braithwaite
told me to look you up. You know,
Braithwaite of—”

  A peculiar expression in his eyes
stopped me. He sat down, removing
the pipe from between his teeth.

  “I don’t think I would say Scotland
Yard so anybody hear,” he almost whis-
pered. He winked. “They might . . .”
I understood.

  “He tells me you’ve helped him of-
ten,” I remarked.

  Yan grinned.

  “Oh, sometime I help him, but I don’t
think I help much.”

  “He said you would show me a bit of
Shadwell,” I said. “You know, I’m
one of those inquisitive, snooping Yan-
kees.” I smiled.

  “I been to America twice. . . . Ship.
. . . New York each time. I like New
York. ...”

  But my interest had been diverted
from my companion’s conversation.
Where I was sitting I could see the
door near me and the darkness beyond.
It was a moving figure that attracted
me—a figure that detached itself from
the shadows and assumed the propor-
tions of a slender girl. For a full mo-
ment she hovered in the aperture, her
thin face revealed in all its pallor, her
luminous eyes upon me. Such pallid
cheeks! Such pallid hands! And the
speechless aching of a million years in
her young eyes! She seemed a dim
dream that hung there an instant and
was gone. But her eyes were not gone
—nor the white face and the thin lips
that moved in silent appeal. She dared
not speak, yet sent an appeal more
touching than if it had been voiced. I
forgot Braithwaite’s warning. There
could be no deception in those young
eyes, no lie in the soul of someone that
seemed clean and untouched despite the
filth of surroundings. I thought of a
white pond lily struggling to life
from a bed of mud. I started to
rise.

  “No!” hissed Ericsson. He saw my
involuntary movement and his muscu-
lar arm shot out. My eyes sought his.
They were burning blue. The vise
closed tighter about my wrist. I saw
Lonely Heart

87

the huge muscles of his forearm grow
taut.

  “Ericsson!” I half whispered, sinking
into my seat. The next moment he was
smiling, his dirty pipe clamped between
his teeth.

  “I like New York,” he said jovially.
“Lots of nice people.”

  “But man!” I persisted, “she was in
trouble!”

  He grinned. “I like New York,” he
repeated. “Lots of nice people.” Sud-
denly he leaned across the table to me.
His blue eyes burned again. But they
were honest. “If she is in trouble,” I
heard him say, “You can’t help her; no-
body can!” There was something
fierce in his tone.

  “And you’ll show me around Shad-
well?” I began lamely. He nodded.

  “There’s nothing to see—but dirt. I’ll
take you though. Not tonight.” He
looked behind him. “You better go.
Come back tomorrow.”

  “I’ll find you here?” I asked as I
rose. He grinned and got up.

  “Sure.”

  And I left the reeking place. But I
could not leave the memory of that pale
face, of those eyes; of the tall blond
Swede with his strange actions. They
haunted me and would not go away.

  Who was that girl in the dark door-
way? Why had she stood there a mo-
ment, looking at me in appeal? Who
was Yan Ericsson, the big Viking who
spoke such good English ? Why did he
force me back into my chair when I at-
tempted to follow her? What was she
to him—if anything?

  I didn’t know.

  But I wanted to know.

II

  As I left Olaf Bjorn’s I looked at my
watch. It was ten-thirty. Too early
to end my evening—but what could I
do? I did not particularly relish wan-

dering blindly in Shadwell, for it did
not appeal to me as a place to wander
in. Every black alley mouth held a
nameless terror, every doorway masked
a lurking marauder. Why was I so
nervous ? Why did I start and look be-
hind me at every sound? And of what
was I afraid? Of nothing human; of
something that crouched back of an in-
visible veil of the supernatural, that
could not be hurt by earthly blows or
invention. Have you ever been afraid
of—something?

  It was not cold, but I drew my coat
around me and hurried down the street,
past the alleys where now and then the
shadow of a child threw itself against
the hideous mouth. I shunned them as
if they were lepers. Their smiles were
so strangely cold. Not the smile of a
normal child.

  Then I heard someone scream.

  I wonder if you have ever heard a
girl scream in the night? It is bad
enough anywhere—but in Shadwell! I
don’t think I shall ever forget it. I of-
ten wake from a peaceful slumber now
and hear the echo of that scream.

  "You’re taking your life in your own
hands ...”

  I forgot the warning. I only heard
that awful cry. It chilled me. My
heart almost stopped beating. Yes, I
was afraid—for who wouldn’t be? But
someone was in trouble, perhaps one of
those pale little girls I had passed in
the throats of those alleys, perhaps—

  The noise came from the black open-
ing on my right. I could see nothing,
only a blot of sickly light in the farthest
recess. The light was not from a door-
way, for it fell in ghostly wash over
something that looked like the outlines
of an entrance. It probably spilled
from some window in the upper story.

  Hesitating no longer, I entered the
alley. Its vague, damp walls choked
me, but I determined to find the source
of that scream. If I found it I didn’t
88

Lonelj^ Heart

 know what I would do—probably stare
 like an idiot—and get killed; I merely
 obeyed an impulse that was anything
 but heroic. Perhaps I was morbidly
 curious. . . . Perhaps I was horribly
 afraid—for I have heard that under the
 influence of fear one often does strange
 things. Perhaps—but there is no use
 to attempt analysis. It wouldn’t suit
 the story.

   In the rear of the black hole I was
 confronted by a door. Over my head
 I saw an open window coughing pitiful
 gusts of light. I was standing where
 the light fell upon me and as I moved
 into the protecting shadow of the door-
 way some heavy object hurled from
 above crashed on the stone paving. A
 fragment of it struck me on the cheek.
 The pain of countless needles shot
 through my face. I caught my upper
 lip between my teeth in an effort to con-
 trol myself—a habit of mine. That
 blow stung me to action. It made me
 mad. I felt as though I could batter
 the door down with my fists.

   “Dammit!” I whispered tersely. I
 am not often profane, but that seemed
 the only possible way to express my
 feelings. I hurled myself against the
 door and it crashed in. It lpust not
 have been bolted, for I was flung for-
 ward face downward on the floor. An
 instant I lay there stunned.

   “Dammit!” I said again, between my
 teeth. Unseen hands grabbed me.
 They tore at me. I heard my clothing
 f rip.

   “Dammit!” I choked, for the third
 time. “Let me . .

   It felt as though my skull was
 crushed. It burned with the heat of a
 thousand flames. There was nothing
 but darkness.

   I could see a light like a star—so
 very, very dim that it must have been a
 million miles away. The happenings of
 that period of unconsciousness are so

 twisted that I only retain a slight knowl-
 edge of when I first opened my eyes.
 There were many shadows—and in the
 shadows a face.

  “Are you awake?” I heard a voice
asking. The words were far away.

  “Are you awake?” it repeated. Then
the veil was drawn. I struggled to a
sitting position, my head swimming
horribly.

  “Who are you ?” I asked. But even
as I asked it I knew. I could never
forget the pitiful face. She seemed
more forlorn than ever in the dimness
of the room, her large eyes more poign-
ant than stars.

  “I think I know who you are,” I said.
“I saw you at Olaf Bjorn’s, didn’t I?”

  She nodded slowly.

  “My name is Clelia,” she announced
in- good English, her eyes never leav-
ing me.

  “Clelia!” I repeated. “What an odd
name!”

  “I am partly English—my mother.

. . . We have always lived in London.”
Her eyes were more solemn than ever.
“Her father’s mother was from Venice.
Clelia is Italian. My mother like the
name.”

  Suddenly I remembered where I was
and what had happened. My head
ached terrifically.

  “But tell me about ... all this,” I
asked. “Didn’t I hear someone
scream ?”

  A little smile twisted her lips.

  “I am sorry. I had to scream,” she
confessed.

  “Someone was hurting you ?”

  Clelia shook her head. “Oh, no; my
father told me to scream.”

  “You mean that you did it deliber-
ately—to lure me here?” At a sudden
thought I felt for my pocketbook. It
was gone. “I’ve been robbed!”

  “That was why I screamed,” she said
calmly. “But I am sorry, oh, so sorry.«
I wouldn’t have done it for the world!”
Lonely Heart

89

  “Then why did you do it?”

  “Because he told me to.”

  “Do you do everything your father
tells you to do, whether it is good or
bad?” I questioned.

  She nodded.

 “Why?”

  “I don’t want to, oh, no!—but I have
learned that it is best.” She reached
up and opened her waist, revealing a
soft white shoulder and the suggestion
of an immature breast. The pale skin
was covered with bruises.

  “He beat you?”

  “Of course,” she said. “They ar-
rested him for it once, but he got away.
He didn’t beat me after that. I was so
tired that I promised I would do every-
thing he told me if he wouldn’t touch
me. But he talks to me so terribly—
swears at me—and oh, I want someone
to love me instead of that!”

  Something glistened on her eyelashes.
I swallowed hard.

  “Your mother, where is she?”

  She crossed to the open window.
Through the aperture I could see the
night sky and a few stars, the house-
tops rising oixt of a low mist.

  “See, up there . . . beyond the stars,”
she said, pointing out of the window.
It was such a childish movement, so full
of faith—yet how old!—more ancient
than human history! She was young,
this child of London, but a soul older
than the crumbled walls of Babylon
looked out from her eyes.

  “Why do you submit to it? Why
don’t you run away?”

  She smiled wearily. “It’s no use. I
tried. And anyway, he promised he
would not make a bargain if I would
do as he told me.”

  “What do you mean ‘a bargain’ ?”
She looked at me in surprise. “Why,
don’t you know? . . . There are lots
of young girls in Shadwell, and nearly
every night the big sailors come up
from their boats on the Thames. They

  have been out at sea for a long while.

. . . When they leave the fathers of
those little girls have more money for
beer. ...”

  It made me sick. I understood the
cold smiles of those little girls clinging
to the mouths of the alleys. The faces
of the huge blond sailors at Olaf
Bjorn's rose up before me. Suddenly
all the glamour and romance faded. It
was tragedy. The mirth of the reek-
ing beer-house was bestial. I could
not restrain a shudder.

  “And your father promised not to
make one of these bargains?”

  Something stirred the dreaminess of
her eyes. “He promised,” she whis-
pered, “but he has broken that prom-
ise ...”

  For a long while I could not speak.

  “When did it happen?” I asked.

  “Oh, no, not yet!” She glanced out
of the window. “See,” she said, point-
ing to a bright star that lingered just
above the jagged housetops, “that is the
Love Star. Every evening it comes up
from the other side of the world and
scrapes along the tops of the houses.
My mother told me it was the Love
Star. I used to sit in this window look-
ing at it. After my mother went away
I longed for someone else who would
be kind to me. . . . He came, after so
long a time, and oh, he was so good!
He called me Lonely Heart. I used to
slip out at night and meet him down on
the docks. My mother taught me good
English and I tried to help him to speak
correctly, too. And every night we
used to watch the Love Star . . . and
dream—until something happened. One
night he told me that we must never
meet again. When I returned my fa-
ther said that he had made a bargain—
one of the sailors who would love me a
great deal. . . . This sailor was going
out to sea, to another country—and he
would take me with him!”

  She was crying softly.
90

Lonely Heart

  “But you’re not going?”

  “Yes, I’m going.”

  “But you don’t want to?”

  She repressed a shudder. "Oh, no
—no!”

  “Then why are you going?”

  “What else is there to do?” She
made a helpless gesture.

  “Run away,” I suggested.

  She laughed. It was a bitter laugh.
It sounded almost hideous coming from
one so young. “Run away ?” Her lips
twisted into a cynical smile. “And
where would I go? To some home for
Helpless Girls where they wear horri-
bly clean brown dresses and eat por-
ridge and have to listen to lectures by
goggle-eyed old men who aren’t good
enough to kiss a snake? Holy God, no!
Poverty is bad enough—but that!”
“How old are you ?” I asked.
“Sixteen,” came the answer. Six-
teen ! And I wondered if ever she had
been a child, if ever sweet laughter had
brushed her pale little lips, if ever her
bitter heart had leaped joyously at the
call of Spring, when the heaths are
sprayed with wild roses.

  “Surely in all London there is some
place for you to go,” I ventured.
“Don’t you know some kind people
who—”

  “Kind people?” she burst forth in
tones that were worse than gall, “Are
there any kind people? Anyway, my
father would follow me. You don’t
know him. And—and it may not be so
bad, it—” She stopped suddenly.

  “What do you mean, ‘it may not be
so bad’?” I asked.

  “To go away with him. He may do
whatever he likes,” she said softly, “but
/ will be untouched. ...” It seemed
suddenly as if the light from one of
those stars in the window caught the
gleam of her eyes. “I shall not be his
—never—never—never!”

  “There must be some way to save you
from such a fate, “I said at length, des-

  perately. “What of this man, the one
you used to meet?”

  “That is what I can’t understand.
I’ve seen him twice since that night
when lie told me we must never see
each other again, but was only able to
speak to him one time for a few sec-
onds. It is not like him.”

  “There is . . she whispered, “I
knew that there was a way when I saw
you at Olaf Bjorn’s. Won’t you take
me away with you?”

  I could not answer; I didn’t know
what to say.

  “I will think it over and—”

  “It may be too late!” she cried pit-
eously. “Oh, take me away—take me
away!” She had fallen on her knees
before me, her white hands clutching
mine. Her uplifted eyes made my heart
ache.

  “I will!” I cried impulsively. “I’ll
make arrangements tomorrow for us to
cross the Channel and go to Paris. I
will put you in safe hands in Paris.”

  She was sobbing. I lifted her
head.

  “Child, child,” I said, “you mustn’t
cry. I’ll meet you to morrow night at
the entrance of the alley about nine
o’clock.”

 “Something may happen before
then,” she whispered.

  “I hardly think so. Try to control
yourself. I must hurry. Your father
might find us here. Which way do
I go?”

  She got up. I followed her into the
adjoining apartment which, as the other
room, was gray and squalid and pov-
erty-ravished. The reek and filth of it
almost nauseated me.

  “You will have to drop from this
window into the alley,” she said, indi-
cating a shattered window casement.
“It is the alley that you first came
in to.”

  Half over the sill I paused.

  “Good night, Clelia,” I said, taking
Lonely Heart

91

 her white hand in mine. “Don’t be
 afraid. I will come.”

 “You won’t forget?”

 “No.”

 She looked at me steadily for a few
 seconds.

 “No,” she said, “you will not forget.
 . . . But oh, if only he had done this 1”

 And clinging with my hands to the
 sill, I lowered myself into what looked
 like a bottomless abyss. I dropped and
 my feet touched the hard stone. In
 the window above me I caught a last
 glimpse of a pallid face and eyes that
 were more pitiful than the aching
 womb of night.

Ill

 The following evening somewhere
 about eight o’clock I called Scotland
 Yard over the telephone and enquired
 for Braithwaite. After a short while
 of waiting I heard his voice over the
 wire.

 “Hello,” I said, “Braithwaite? . . .
 This is Lombard. Yes. Are you very
 busy? I’d like to see you shortly.”

 “I’ll be there as soon as I can get a
 car. I suppose you found something
 interesting last night?” he asked, then
 laughed. “I thought you would . . .”
 And I heard the instrument click.

 In about three-quarters of an hour
 Braithwaite knocked at the door of my
 room and I admitted him.

 “Didn’t have any trouble, did you?”
 was his first question. I showed him
 the bump on my head.

 “Robbery?” .

 “Robbery—and something else.”

 “Hurry and tell me, old chap; I’ll bet
 there was a $rl, too!”

 “Exactly!” I exclaimed.

 “You heard someone scream, and
 quite the good fellow that you are, you
 thought someone was in trouble—even
 after my warning! I know.”

  “But someone was in trouble,” I an-
nounced. And I told him the whole
story.

  “It does sound interesting,” he said
when I had finished. “But are you
sure she wasn’t spoofing you?”

  “I would swear it!” I said emphat-
ically.

  “And why did you call me?”

  “I want you to go with me tonight,”
I said.

  He smiled. “I don’t think I could
trust you to go alone again,” then he
suddenly sprang to his feet. “By
George! Quick! Describe her to me
more minutely. Did she have large
eyes, yellow hair and—”

  “Yes; eyes sadder than the most
tragic.”

  “Was she pale?”

  “Paler than death itself!”

  “Did she appear to be about sixteen
or seventeen, yet with a strangely old
expression ?”

  “Yes; why?”

  “What a fool I am! What a dolt!”
He crossed the room and lifted the re-
ceiver of the telephone. “Hello. Have
a cab waiting in front when I get down.
Room 624. I’m in a hurry. . . He
picked up my hat from where it was
lying on the table. “Here—we must
hurry. Even now we may be too late.”
“But tell me—”

  “Wait till we get started in the car,”
he snapped.

  I followed him to the lift, do\yn, and
through the office to the entrance of the
hotel. A large limousine \yas waiting.
“Room 624—East India Dock, just
above the Reach. . . Braithwaite
flung at the chauffeur as we jumped in.
“And double fare if you hurry!”
“Well,” I said sarcastically as the car
leaped forward, “do you think you have
time now to tell me what all this is
about ?”

  He grinned. “Awfully sorry, old
fellow, but I didn’t want to waste time.
92

Lonely Heart

I think I have seen your Lonely Heart
—and tonight! Rather a singular coin-
cidence. I happened to be down on
East India Dock, and as I passed one
of the shipping schooners, a fair-sized
craft, I saw a man and a girl. It
seemed rather strange to take a girl
aboard one of those vessels, but even at
that I wouldn’t have paid them any spe-
cial notice if she hadn’t seemed reluc-
tant to accompany him. I wasn’t sure
at the time, but now I am positive that
her hands were bound. She looked
back over her shoulder and in a sort of
hazy way I saw her face. It had the
expression of a captured animal. I be-
lieve she started to speak. I passed on,
giving it very little more thought. But
her face haunted me. I had proceeded
only a short distance when I thought I
heard a scream. I stopped for a sec-
ond, but hearing no repetition decided
I was mistaken. I’d be willing to swear
now that it your Lonely Heart and her
master.”

  "Do you remember the name of the
boat?”

  “Fortunately; it was the IVilhelmina.

. . . Hello, I believe we’re here.”

  He thrust open the door and jumped
out before the car came to a standstill.
I followed close at his heels.

  “Wait till we return,” he instructed
the chauffeur, pushing a banknote into
his hand.

  Misty darkness brooded over the
squatty, dark buildings of East India
Dock. A stillness broken only by the
shrilling of a river boat pervaded the
air. From where we were I could see
the outline of the river front. I w'alked
close to Braithwaite’s side. His head
was bent forward slightly, his keen eyes
scrutinizing the semi-darkness before
him. Suddenly he stopped.

  “Damnation!” burst from his lips.
“There’s no need to go any further.
Her mooring-place is vacant. I can see
from here. There’s just one more

chance. Come on, we’re going to Olaf
Bjora’s!”

  “Why to Olaf Bjorn’s?” I asked as
we were once more deposited in the
limousine.

  “You’ll see,” he snapped. “I’ve been
a big ass. I should have gone back
w’hen I heard that scream. This last
chance is based only on a sudden
thought of mine.”

  It seemed years before the car drew
up before the Swedish beer-house. In-
structing the chauffeur to wait, we en-
tered the stuffy place with its sawdust
covered floor. The usual motley crowd
was there—drinking that unspeakable
beer. Braithwaite sought out the slov-
enly blond waiter whom I had seen on
the preceding night and asked for Erics-
son.

  “Upstairs,” came the surly reply.

  “Come on,” my companion flung over
his shoulder as he hurried from the
room. Up a pair of creaking stairs I
followed him into a musty hall. He
pushed open a door just above the
landing. Yan Ericsson was sitting be-
fore a table, his pipe between his teeth,
his yellow hair more tousled than ever.
He looked up surprised as we en-
tered.

  “Ericsson,” Braithwaite snapped,
“you’re the damndest fool I ever
knew!”

  The big Swede got up. He didn’t
know whether to smile or frown.

  “What do you mean?”

  “I mean that even a boy of fifteen
wouldn’t let his girl be taken away from
him and sold like a piece of cattle!"

  An angry snarl curled the big blond's
lips.

  “It’s a lie!” he screamed. He start-
ed to make a leap, but Braithwaite
whipped out his pistol.

  “No you don’t. Sit down!”

  The Swede never moved.

  “Sit down!” my friend repeated.
Ericsson obeyed in a surly manner.
Lonely Heart

93

“Now you listen to me. I oughtn’t to
do it, but I’m going to help you save
your girl. I don’t know any of the cir-
cumstances, but from what Lombard
told me and from what I imagine, I
think you’re either a badly fooled per-
son or the damndest cad in London!
What is the name of the girl you were
telling me about not long ago?”

  “Clelia,” he replied. Braithwaite
looked at me with a smile.

  “That’s what I thought, and you al-
lowed her to be bartered off by her
father to some scum of the sea to be
taken away on his vessel—”

  “I did not!” Ericsson cried savagely.
“He won her by rights!”

  “What do you mean, ‘won her by
rights’?” I questioned.

  The Swede’s eyes fell to the floor.
He did not speak for a few seconds.
“One night I was gambling with Sig-
urd Vannis and a few of my other
friends. We drank a lot, too much
beer. I can’t remember exactly how it
happened. I lost a lot of money, all I
had, and Sigurd suggested that I put up
my girl against his pile. It made me
mad at first, but he said he had seen
her and he loved her and he wanted to
marry her. He said cards would be a
good way to settle the matter. I was
drunk and I agreed. We flayed to see
whether he or I would make Clelia his
wife. He won. . . . The next night I
told her that we mustn’t see each other
any more. I was ashamed to tell her
the reason. I avoided her, thinking
that if she was to marry—”

  “But this fellow didn’t intend to
marry her!” I cut in. He looked at me
sharply.

  “What do you mean?” he asked.

  “I mean that Sigurd, your friend,
bought her from her father to take with
him on his voyage.”

  “But Sigurd is my friend!”
“Nevertheless, Sigurd deceived you!”
I said.

  “How do you know this?” he ques-
tioned, still doubtful.

  “Because,” said Braithwaite, “I saw
him taking her aboard the schooner!”

  His blue eyes were like needles.

  “But what can we do?” he said help-
lessly.

  “I’ll telephone and have one of the
police boats meet us at the nearest
moorings,” said Braithwaite. “I’m go-
ing to do what I can for you. It’s al-
most madness, but we’ll follow the
schooner Wilhelmina!”

IV

  The Thames was shrouded in an evil
mist. Occasionally a smudge of light
drifted past us on the remote bank. I
stood in the bow of the little cutter,
Braithwaite and the Swede, Ericsson,
beside me. The latter stood staring
over the bow, his head thrown back, the
wind waving his long yellow hair. I
could see his big fists. They were
clinched.

  “This is the maddest thing I’ve ever
done,” Braithwaite said to me. “It’s
risking our lives, too, for God alone
knows how far out the schooner is by
now. However, I think it will be inter-
esting to get the fellow Vannis. I can
find out the father of the girl and begin
cleaning up that child-bargaining that’s
been going on so long in Shadwell.”

  I shivered. The cruel wind whipped
against my cheeks, cut sharply through
my clothing to the bare skin. The men
beside me looked as though they were
suspended in the mist. Ahead there
was nothing but darkness—a darkness
that seemed more horrible than the cor-
ridors of sudden Death—and behind
the monotonous throbbing of the motor.
From the rear came the sudden clamour
of bells. I could hear the water churn-
ing.

  “Launch on the starboard, sir!”
someone behind me shouted. The cut-
94

Lonely Heart

ter made a swerve and ploughed on
through the fog.

  “Wot the bloody 'ell d’ye think this
is?” a voice from the distance bellowed.
A black blot in the wake of the boat
marked the swiftly diminishing shadow
of the launch.

  “This is Limehouse Reach,” Braith-
waite told me. It was a mystery how
the cutter held her course as well as
she did in that awful fog. I expected
at any moment to crash into some other
craft and begin an unpremeditated ex-
ploration of Nirvana.

  “Easy on the port, sir!” shot to my
ears out of the fog.

  ‘‘Aye, aye, sir!”

  “A little more! There !”

  “Aye, aye. ...” The voices were
drowned in the wailing of a siren.

  “Sharp lookout!” shouted Braith-
waite.

  “Where are we?” I asked. “I can’t
see a damned thing in this mist!”
“Past Blackwall; I think that was the
Reach. ...”

  I looked at the illuminated dial of my
watch. Three o’clock to the minute.
Gray hulls, seeming monstrous in the
density of the overhanging vapour,
small tugs, crafts of even more diminu-
tive proportions swept past us. Now
and then I caught a brief glimpse
through the fog of a face peering from
the lighted window of some vessel. The
Thames seemed suddenly to have
opened its mouth. The banks were
spreading farther away, the lights
growing dimmer and farther between.
Indistinguishable blurs bulged out of
the mist, which now seemed to be clear-
ing, and evaporated.

  “Can’t you make it a few knots hard-
er?” Braithwaite yelled over his shoul-
der.

  “Tight forward, sir; she’s doing the
best she can!”

  1 became aware of a slight rolling of
the little boat. A grim smile hovered

on Braithwaite’s mouth. The Swede
was a statue. He had not moved since
we left the down-Thames dock. A
big hulk appeared suddenly along-
side us.

  “Ahoy there!” Braithwaite shouted,
using his hands as a megaphone.

  “Ahoy yer’sel’!” came back to him.
A dim light glimmered on the port side.
“An’ watch where you’re goin’!”

  “Seen anything of a big schooner go-
ing seaward?” the man from Scotland
Yard bellowed, still using his hands as
a megaphone.

  “Seen two!”

  “Which way?”

  “Beyond the Nore! ’Bout ’arf hour
ago.”

  “Where the devil are we ?”

  I just caught the words—“Off Sheer-
ness ...”

  “Good God!” I muttered aloud. “It’s
madness to go any farther!”

  For the first time Ericsson spoke.
“No!” he said fiercely.

  Braithwaite laughed harshly. “It
was madness to ever come, but I've
gone this far ...”

  Pitching and rolling the little cutter
rode the waves, which now were burst-
ing over the bow. I was almost
drenched. I expected any moment to
be hurled into the thrashing water.

  An hour. The Nore Light lay ahead.
Cold sea winds, blown from dreary ex-
panses of winter ocean, sprang up with
new force. The cutter had weathered
good so far, but the sea was becoming
too strong. The fog drifted away on
the wings of the wind and as far as the
eye could see was nothing but an awful
darkness.

  "Hardly enough juice to make it to
land, sir!” someone in the rear shouted.

  “Damn the land!” Braithwaite hurled
back at him. “I’m not going to be beat
this late in the game! I—”

  “Schooner on the starboard!” inter-
rupted his sentence.
Lonely Heart	95

  Yes! A dark blur, long and vague,
lay to the starboard.

  “The searchlight!’’ roared Braith-
waite.

  Like a sinuous finger the light broke
through the veil touching the dark blur.
I could see the sails unfurled, boom and
mast straight and clearly defined.

  “Can you make out the name?” I
inquired.

  Borne upward on the crest of a wave,
we hung there a second and plunged
nose down into the trough. The little
craft trembled at the force of the im-
pact, reeled, then righted herself. The
Swede had lost his balance, but clung to
the rail, his eyes following the trail of
light.

  “Yes!” burst from his lips, “the—
Wilhelmina!”

 “How can we ever make it ?” I
screamed, hanging to the slippery rail.

  “We’ve got to!” came back to me,
then: “Stop . . . in the King’s name!’'

  Something guttural floated back
across the water.

  “. . . In the King’s name! . . .
Alongsides! Quick, dammit, quick!”

  Only a few yards separated us. We
were in the trough—no! We seemed
suspended in the air over the black ex-
panse, then down . . . down. Good
God!” someone screamed. I braced
myself for what was coming.

  "Every man for his own!”

  Only Providence saved us from being
driven hard against the side of the ves-
sel and hurled without mercy into the
sea, whose fangs seemed drawn to de-
vour every living thing. The day of
miracles is not gone; we swept along-
side, the rope ladder dangling near us.
Several sailors grabbed the mooring
lines.

 “Hold! Hold!” I shouted. And
they held! God ! I do not know how
they did! Ericsson had clutched the
rope ladder, the muscles of his big arms
bulging, and with the leap of every

wave we crashed against the side of the
schooner. No human force could di- .
vert the madness of that sea.

  “Up on deck!” Braithwaite yelled.
"Every man for the ladder! She won’t
last long!”

  I saw the engineer swing out on the
mooring lines. Braithwaite shoved me
toward the ladder and before I could
move or protest I was lifted up and
found myself clambering over the rail
of the deck. Looking backward I saw
the men swinging for the ropes, Braith-
waite and Ericsson holding off the little
boat.

  “Quick!” I screamed. “Come up!”

  I saw Braithwaite cast a glance at the
Swede, then the former made a leap
from his position to the ladder. The
police boat was swept out from under
them and they hung above the black
water. Ericsson was the first aboard.
He fell exhausted on the wet deck. I
pulled Braithwaite over. There was
blood on his hands.

  "Close shave!” he muttered, smiling
queerly.

  A group of sailors were clustered
about us. Suddenly Ericsson got to
his feet. His shirt was torn from his
body, his big chest and arms exposed in
all their physical power.

  “Damn you, Sigurd Vannis!” he
hissed. A big fellow in the group
around us stepped forward. “You
stole my girl!” continued Ericsson.
“You lied to me!”

  The man Vannis laughed.

  “What do you mean ?” he asked.

  Ericsson laughed this time.

  “Clelia is aboard this ship!” he
roared. “Don't tell me she isn’t!”

  Just as Sigurd Vannis was about to
make a denial, I saw a shadowy form
slip up from the bulkhead. Even in
the darkness I could tell it was a girl.
Ericsson saw, too.

  “Liar!” he flung at Vannis and made
a rush.
96

Lonely Heart

  Braithwaite moved to intervene, but
I stayed him.

  “This isn’t an affair for Scotland
Yard!” I whispered.

  The two big men closed together,
their muscles gleaming white in the
dimness, their heavy breathing audible
even above the noise of the wind and
sea. The girl screamed. A sudden
lurch of the vessel flung her forward
and I caught her just in time to prevent
a fall. She smiled up at me weakly.

  “You came,” she gasped, “but almost
too late!”

  Clelia clung to me, her eyes wide,
watching the fight. And, God! such a
fight! Circling, clinching, striking with
almost super-strength, the two giants
struggled over the deck. One moment
they rolled on the slimy floor, the next
they were up, circling and sparring
again. No one intervened. When two
men fight for a woman intervention is
useless. But I thought it would never
end. In the darkness I could see the
faces of the men smeared with blood.
Something dark was dripping from
their lips.

  At an unexpected sideward roll of
the schooner they were flung to the
deck. I caught the flash of something
bright, saw an arm upraised. Clelia
screamed. I was too frightened to make
a sound. But the arm never fell. With
a leopard-like leap the man on the bot-
tom got to his feet, and I saw Sigurd
Vannis retreating slowly to the low
stairs that led to the deck above the
cabin. The knife lay under Ericsson’s
feet.

  “You -!” Ericsson screamed.

  The two men came together again on
the deck above the cabin. For a mo-
ment they seemed one, then the roar of
a bull ape burst from Ericsson’s throat.
I saw him literally lift the clawing Van-
nis above his head! Leaning forward
he flung the body outward. For an in-
stant Ericsson tottered on the edge of

the deck, endeavoring to regain his bal-
ance, then plunged down past the side
of the vessel into the water.

  Clelia screamed. She tore herself -
from my grasp. Too late I divined her
purpose. Like a flash she crossed the
deck, hung suspended above the railing,
then vanished. I reached the side of
the ship in time to see her disappear
beneath the water.

  “Clelia! Clelia!” I screamed.

  I saw Ericsson’s face appear above
the water, the golden hair of his girl
clutched tightly in his fist. The face of
Clelia, too, came to the surface, then
they both sank again. A wave broke
and rolled over the spot where they dis-
appeared.

VI

  The following night the telephone in
my room at the Cecil rang. It was
Braithwaite.

  “Hello, this you, Lombard? . . .
I’ve just come from the hospital. Erics-
son’s been conscious for nearly five
hours and he’s sitting by her bed watch-
ing like a hawk.”

  “Do you think she’ll pull through?”
“The wound on her head where the
life-belt struck her is about the only
thing serious.”

  “When will I see you again ?”

  “Are you going to leave for America
tomorrow as you planned?”

  “No, I hardly think I’ll go that
soon—”

  “I knew you wouldn’t,” he said
laughingly. “The spell of London’s got
you!”

  “Where are you dining this evening?”
  “Nowhere in particular.”

  ‘Wrhat about taking me to the quiet
little place in Soho that you told me
about? You know, they say Soho is
about the only really quiet spot in Lon-
don. . . . And I do feel like I would
thoroughly enjoy a quiet evening!”
  Men

By Viola Brothers Shore

                         1

First

Came Jay

The tall, dark Southerner
I met while visiting
Away from home.

He was the only man
For me
Until he came
To my home town.

He was afraid
To go in swimming
And when I saw him
Stand

In bathing togs
Beside my Billy
Who lived next door—

I decided

To live without him.

                 2

And next came Ted—

I worshipped him.

He was so handsome
And

His kisses . . .

Well,

He was my God.

But once he lied
To me

And I found out.

The gods may lie

But they must never

Never

Be found

Out.

                   3

John was my dentist,—
We were really

S.—May—7

Good—good friends.

And a little
Flame
Of love

Sprang up between
Us

And died down—

Leaving us really
Good—good friends.

               4

There was a doctor
I could have liked
But he wanted
Money—

As if it were not
Enough

To be a doctor’s
Wife

Without having
To pay
For it!

                  5

There was a married man
Of course—

There always is—

And his wife did not
Understand him
Of course.

And when I would not
Do as he wanted
I did not
Understand him
Either

So he went and looked for
Somebody else!

               6

And there was Sid—

He used to say
98

Men

“You little devil
I’ll get you yet!”

And I was afraid
He would—

He was so homely—

But he

Didn’t.

And there was Rob—
Always ready
To die
Of devotion.

I never cared
For him

Till he commenced
To rush my chum
And then it was
Too late!

               8

And next came Ned—
Who played lawn tennis
Like a dream
And always wore
Such clean
White pants.

Only he was

A philanderer—
And one is enough
In any family.

There was a man
I liked so much
Because he had
A sense of humor.
But he was
A rabbi
And I had
A sense of humor
Too.

10

And then one day
My Billy

Who lived next door
Came back
From the West
And married
Me.

And do you know
I’ve gotten so
I really believe
He is the only man
I ever loved!

The Things a Woman Can Do

                         By Karl W. Kessler

   AKE a man enjoy the sensation of being robbed.

Break a capitalist, drive a strong man to drink and make the janitor

smile.

   Kiss and hate a man at the same time.

   Get the most of anything by giving the least.

   Commit murder and be praised for it. And pitied for her helplessness!
Become famous because of her ankles, the dimples on her arm, or the suit
she enters against a wealthy man.
The Last Job

      By Harold de Polo

(HERE was a noticeable
stir in the coach as the
train slowed down at Os-
sining—a lowering of
periodicals, a craning of
necks, an atmosphere of
waiting for the curtain
to go up. The watchers became tense
as the characters they hoped would
appear on the scene did so. There were
only two—a slim, tall man who held
his head brazenly high as he walked
firmly ahead, a slim, tall girl who held
to his arm almost grimly, and certainly
proudly. They climbed the steps with
what could be termed arrogance, and
passed down the aisle quite oblivious
of the nudging and twisting and low
whisper-murmurs. They chose the
foremost seat, up near the water cooler
w'here there was -most foot-room.
Then the man turned deliberately, and
gave a last long look of implacable
hate at the receding station; but the
woman’s eyes went to his face, and
her free hand shot forward with a
jerky little movement and took its
place beside the other on his arm. He
turned about again, at that, and one
of his long-fingered, too-white hands
covered her own as he stared stonily
before him.

 The woman’s face flamed, as the
train gathered speed, with a joy that
could not be repressed. Her eyes
blinked, and she brushed away a glad
tear, as her fingers dug into the coat-
sleeve:

 “Oh, Jim—my Jim,” she breathed,
“it’s so good to—”

  They were the first words either had

spoken since they had met at the gate
and simply gripped hands and looked
into each other’s eyes,—yet a quick
little frown furrowed Jim Knowles’
forehead as he negatively shook his
head. And Kitty McAlister kept
silent, holding to his arm, knowing
full well that he did not feel equal
to expressing the relief of freedom
— of freedom from those four
ghastly years behind stone and
iron. . . .

 They showed on him plainly—hor-
ribly, she thought. The inanimate
whiteness of the skin struck her first,
and then the greyness sprinkled so pro-
fusely through the hair that had been
so crisply black. There were lines, too,
rutted deep into the cheeks, and the
finely chiseled lips, once so straight,
drooped at the corners. His nose
seemed sharper—and it had always
been sharp—and he had a new trick
of breathing so that his nostrils quiv-
ered. It reminded her of the infinitely
trained-down race horse, impatiently
waiting for action. Only his grey-
flecked brown eyes remained the same;
and yet, immediately, she told herself
that they also had changed. They were
what she had always loved most, those
eyes, and yet she knew that she loved
them more now—hungered for them
to look on her. True, the bluish rings
under them accentuated their largeness,
their fire, their rebellion, but Kitty saw
in them a new antipathy, an almost
rabid hate, for the world and its con-
ventions. . . . She found herself
comparing his face to that of some
wild creature, suddenly loosed from

99

-
100

The Last Job

galling thraldom, savagely seeking ven-
geance! . . .

  She sighed unconsciously—but killed
it half-way before he should see. Yes,
his eyes frightened her, saddened her,
crushed her hopes,—and still; for the
very peril they spoke of for him, she
could not help loving them with re-
newed fervor. They meant, though,
that Jim retained, only with an added
passion, his fierce love of opposing cus-
tom and law. She had prayed, too,
that perhaps those four terrible years
might change him, that perhaps they
were to at last have the longed-for,
restful haven. But his eyes said “no,”
and again she sighed — resignedly.
After that she stayed staring unseeing-
ly before her, as he was. So they both
sat, without a word, without a move-
ment, until New York was reached.

  The convict did not speak, either, as
they walked along the interminable
station corridors and out into the brisk
spring sunshine. Silently, he allowed
himself to be led to a taxi, asking no
word as to where they were going,
and the fact that he so implicitly relied
upon her sent a glad thrill through
Kitty. During the journey uptown,
too, Jim Knowles sat rigid, staring out
of the window with his eyes very big.
Occasionally his hands would clench
and unclench, and he would rub the
fingers tentatively. Indeed, he did not
say a word until they were safely alone
and away from all prying onlookers,
in the cosily furnished little apartment
Kitty had rented. He glanced fever-
ishly about the home-like, cheery, liv-
ing room. Then, with a surge of mad
relief, he suddenly lifted his arms and
stretched them far out:

  “Christ—Christhe breathed hoarse-
ly—and it was not meant as an oath.

  Characteristically, the mood left him
instantly. He turned abruptly, and
with a literal leap he took Kitty in his
arms. His face softened, his eyes were

tender, and he kissed her carmine lips
longingly. His hands reverently
stroked her golden hair, and he looked
into her eyes as he murmured his wor-
ship for her. He released her sudden-
ly, and swept his arm about the room:
“But this, Kitty?” he asked. “I
thought the money would be gone?”
"Jim,” she answered him, and her
frank blue eyes could not help show-
ing pride, “I didn’t touch a penny of
it. I—”

  “Kitty,” he cried. “You prince—
and little idiot at the same time!”
“No, Jim, I got a job—back at the
same old manicure game. I was sav-
ing the bank account,” she went on,
her eyes looking right into his, “to give
us a new start with!”

  But she met with the defiance she
had expected. His eyes shone almost
angrily, and that lean, cruel look came
over his face:

  “No, Kitty—no! And you’re crazy
to think of it, especially now! . . .
God, don’t you think I want to make
someone pay for those rotten years?
Don’t you think I’m longing and long-
ing to get my finger on a combination
again? Don’t you think I want
to show that damned police crowd
that they can’t get me twice? ... I
don’t want to give up yet. Lord,”
glancing at a mirror, “I may look old,
but I’m still young—young, I tell you.
Thirty-three. Oh, no, they may have
put the lines on my face and the grey
in my hair, but they haven’t broken
the old spirit yet. I’ll show ’em!”
Kitty McAlister’s eyes dwelt on him,
lovingly, sadly. She knew that plead-
ing would do little good; anyway, it
was not quite the time to try, yet. He
had not run the gamut of his emotion.
So she sat wisely silent.

  “Oh, no, Kitty,” he went on gaily,
an infinitesimal tinge of color showing
in either prominent cheekbone, “don’t
think of that stuff. You needn’t worry,
The Last Job

101

’cause they’re not going to get me again.
Oh, no, and I’ll show 'em that I’ve
still got the slickest fingers in New
York—or in the world—at getting to
any safe ever made. Cheer up, girlie.
Lord, I tell you the next haul I make
will fix us for life. It’ll be so big
you’ll gasp. I won’t touch only the
greatest. Cheer up—look merry!”

  He stood before her, arms akimbo,
looking down at her with a smile on
his face that somehow miraculously
chased away those four hard years up
the river. She did not answer his
smile, and her blue eyes became very
stern.

  "Jim,” she said firmly, “I mean it!
I want you to give it up. You know
I never liked it; you know I’ve always
longed for the farm we’ve spoken of
—or that I’ve spoken of. Jim, I’d
hoped and prayed that after this—
this thing—you’d change. I haven’t
had just fun while you were—away,
Jim. It—it isn’t fair to me if you
keep at it!” She paused, just for an
instant, and blinked away a single tear:
“Yes, Jim,” she continued, with the
least choke, “I’ve hoped and prayed
you’d give it all up and—and marry
—and make a start—the way we’ve
said we might—some day!”

  What Kitty termed his “fighting
face” came to Jim Knowles. It grew
older—as it had even before the lines
had been there—and his eyes seemed
to lose their brown and turn to grey
—cold grey. He apparently talked
through closed lips, tautened so that
they were pale pink:

  “Listen, Kitty,” he told her, in that
too-even voice, “you know we’ve talked
over most of that business before this
—and not only once! You know what
I think of that marriage game—bunk!
That’s not saying I don’t love you;
you know I do! All that’s the matter
with you is that your nerve is shaken,
you can’t help thinking they’ll get me

and send me up again. Now forget it!
They’re not going to! . . . But wait
—wait. Maybe that farm and the
other stuff will come through. But
wait!”

  “I know, Jim,” she faltered weakly,
already beaten, “but—”

  Jim Knowles laughed, his eyes flash-
ing with that reckless glint as he held
out his arms:

  “Come here, Kitty, and don’t be a
fool. Hell—get out my dinner duds
and rig yourself up. Let’s go out and
let me have the first real meal in years,
with all the fixings. Tonight's the
night, girlie, and we’re going to cele-
brate !”

  She came to his arms, readily enough
and he stilled her lament with the hot,
soul-searing kisses she loved. He re-
leased her slowly, and held her off in
front of him with a hand on either
shoulder:

  “Kitty,” he said, smiling, “there’s
one thing I was going to tell, but you
didn’t give me time. Maybe that
dream about the farm and the rest of
it will come true pretty soon. I’ve de-
cided to do just one more job—and
that’s all. I mean it. I’ll be careful,
too, that it’s a cinch. There—I’m
promising!”

  And Kitty McAlister hummed over
all the gay little tunes she knew as she
dressed for dinner.

*****

  Kitty’s spirits stayed at high-water
mark for the next two months or so.
Jim was continually in the light, youth-
ful mood that made him seem like a
boy, and it was not long before he
looked his old self. He scarcely ever
mentioned his “work,” apparently
fully enjoying to the limit the sheer
living of life. They played gloriously
—the theatre, restaurants, dancing—so
much so that Kitty occasionally sighed
as she looked at the rapidly decreasing
bank figures. Still, she had her Jim
—had him safely and without a worry.

  She was more thankful than ever,
now, that he had always so scrupulous-
ly refrained from mixing with others
in his profession. He had rigidly
played a lone hand, refusing to listen
to the most tempting offers. He did
jobs without help, and he did them
well. His recently finished term in
Sing Sing had been his first, and that
was because he had grown careless,
perhaps, through the years of such
easy triumph. But it had taken a good
man to get him, there was consolation
in that for them both. Yes, Jim had
made a big mistake in failing to give
Terry Neall due credit. Had he been
just a bit more cautious? . . .

  After a couple of months of idle-
ness, Kitty noticed that drawn look
coming over his face and that wilder,
fiercer look into his eyes. Too, he be-
came quieter. He spoke less; stayed
at home more; sat thinking; caressed
for hours his sensitive fingers. The
boy had completely left him, and the
bitter, cruel man had taken his place.
Jim Knowles was nervous for action.
She knew the signs more than
well.

  She said not a word, but she did a
deal of hoping and praying. Once,
when the agony was great, she ques-
tioned him as to whether he had as
yet discovered his prospect. And the
answer had sent a chill through her:

  “No—but I saw Terry Neall to-
day!”

  “Oh, Jim, Jim,” she cried, "tuon’t you
give it up? Won’t you let’s make a
new start in some new place? . . .
We’ve still got enough! We can surely
make good!'. . . Oh, Jim, dear,
please give it all up!”

  It was an ill omen, as she instantly
realized, that he did not cut her short.
He simply sat smiling at her—that
easy, confident smile she knew so well.
He always wore it before he tackled

any job; he was always so cool, and
smiling, and different. He had the
bearing now.

  “Dear old girl,” he drawled, "you do
worry a lot about the unimportant
things! . . . Sure I saw Neall, and
he sort of reminded me of you. Went
in and had a drink with him. Advised
me to quit the game and—and what do
you think? And marry you. Said I’d
make a respectable citizen if I’d settle
down on the straight and narrow! . .
Nice boy, Neall. White man. He got
me fair and I don’t hold it against him
—but he won’t get me the second time,
you can gamble!”

  Again her worry was kissed away,
and again life went on as serenely as
possible—for a few days!

  Then he came in, one evening, and
just brushed her lips before drawing
the big armchair up to the window and
lolling back in it. He sat without a
word, smoking cigarette after cigar-
ette. He occasionally chuckled—a
short, grim sort of chuckle—and did
the trick of fondling his fingers.

  Kitty McAlister knew that the time
had come. Her face was suddenly
haggard as she came and stood before
him, looking into his eyes with a cer-
tain hopeless sadness. She spoke just
a single word:

  “Well?”

  He raised his head slowly, his nar-
rowed eyes seeming entirely grey—
and colder than ever she had known.
He almost bit out his speech through
those tautened lips:

  “Cinch! Old Weiner—the picture
dealer,—dirty old miser. Grabbed
forty thousand—too late to bank.
Some famous painting. Took the
money home with him—over on the
edge of Montclair. Safe’s so easy it’s
a crime. So cheap he only keeps one
servant. Cinch—cinch!”

  She started to expostulate—to plead,
to rail, to do anything—but Jim rose
The Last Job

103

abruptly, with that decisive air she
knew there was no denying:

  “Come on—might as well eat decent-
ly 1 . . . And don’t forget that dream
may be coming true!”

This time Kitty McAlister, though
she gave in, did no joyous humming!
*****

  Kitty clung to him desperately as he
placed her in a taxi, after dinner, be-
fore going over to finish his last job.
He always was this way; starting out
for a place fully three or four hours
before he intended robbing it. He
boasted—and justly—that he was prac-
tically impossible to trail. Neverthe-
less, the woman who loved him felt an
odd, insistent sense of tragedy. True,
she was as a rule nervous when he had
been about his work—but never like
this. Something seemed to be drilling
and drilling it into her that disaster
would again come tonight! . . .

  The thought of waiting in the little
apartment, alone, was too much to
bear. One of Broadway’s blazing signs,
standing out above the others and her-
alding some movie star that always
promised excitement, caught her eye.
Stopping the machine, she sprang out
and hurriedly procured a ticket. Per-
haps it would make her forget; not
exactly forget, of course, but help to
pass the time.

  She stayed somewhat less than five
minutes. The picture, ironically, hap-
pened to be a detective and cracksman
affair—the latter bound to get the worst
of it. She felt a chill go through her,
and walked swiftly, blindly, when she
got out into the air.

  She telephoned the two friends she
possessed whom she could rely on in
a crisis—and both were out. She
looked in shop windows, but she ac-
tually saw nothing but a blur—a blur
that had behind it, always, a ghastly
picture of Jim, in stripes. And finally,
though she dreaded the apartment in

solitude, she dreaded more this aimless
wandering. So she got into another
taxi and went home. . . .

  Kitty had known- it would not be
necessarily easy there—but she had not
known to what an extent she would
suffer. Every article of furniture,
every insignificant little object, remind-
er her of Jim. Still that idea drilled
through her—drilled and drilled.
Something would happen tonight—
and that something was disaster. She
tried to calm herself, she assured her-
self that it was nerves alone—but it
did no good. That silent, insistent
voice kept whispering that he was in
grave danger. . . . She stood it for
an hour, for two hours—and then,
when she felt that she would go ut-
terly mad, she acted!

  Hastily she entered her bedroom and
took a long, simple black coat from the
closet. Donning this, she stuck a small
turban on her head and pinned on a
heavyish veil. Then, for the first time
since she had owned it, she got the
first present Jim had ever given her
from an almost forgotten box—a small,
intricately silver-chased pistol. Slip-
ping the thing into her pocket, she
hurried from the apartment. . . .

  Kitty McAlister made record time.
To be exact, in an hour and twelve
minutes she was at the Weiner house
bn the outskirts of Montclair. What
is more, she had covered her trail in
a manner that she believed would have
been worthy of Jim. Too, she shortly
discovered the window by which he
had entered, and she was not long in
following suit.

  Inside the darkened room she stood
for a moment listening intently. No
sound came to her, and she groped her
way toward an outlet. Once in the
hallway she again listened—and still
nothing came to her. Cautiously she
climbed a flight of stairs—and then her
heart gave a great leap!
104

The Last Job

#

  She heard a voice—and it was not
the voice of Jim or of Weiner or of
the old servant. It was the voice of
the man she instantly realized as Terry
Neal:

  “Well, Jim Knowles,” he was say-
ing, “got you again, eh ?”

  Jim did not answer—the detective
was silent—and no revolver shot came.
It must mean that he was—captured!

  With the lithe, noiseless tread of a
panther she climbed the stairway, and
as she reached the landing a flood of
light streaked from an open doorway.
Trough the aperture she saw what had
happened. Jim was kneeling by the
safe, apparently having just opened it;
standing perhaps a dozen feet away,
with his weapon levelled, was the hunt-
er! . .

  “No, Jim,”—the detective was speak-
ing—“you haven’t ever given me
enough credit. I managed to see you
at Weiner’s this afternoon—I’ll admit
that part was bull luck. However,
when I learned he’d sold a big thing
and was lugging the money home, just
took a gambfe. Anyway, I trailed you
—and I’ll give you the credit to say it
was no easy merry-go-round. I did it,
though, and here I am—and here you
are—and that’s all!”

  Kitty got busy with a rush. Staying
in the shadow she aimed her firearm at
a point between Neall’s shoulder
blades:

  “No, Terry Neall,” she said, her
voice so firm and even that it surprised
herself, “that isn’t all!”

  She saw Jim’s eyes widen with sur-
prise, but he scrupulously kept them
glued to Neall’s face.

  The detective himself showed the
stuff he was made of. He did not
move a muscle, and his voice came
calmly:

  “Maybe not, ah—Kitty McAlister.
But don’t be foolish and shoot. The
moment that trigger moves, even if it

kills me, Jim Knowles will get my
bullet clean through his brain!”

  Jim’s face was hard—very hard. He
kept his eyes, without a flicker, on
Neall—ready to spring at the least
chance. The other man gave him none:
“Don’t get cocky, Miss McAlister,”
he drawled. “Knowles is my prisoner
and he’s coming with me. Sorry, but
it’s my job and it’s got to be done!”
“Terry Neall,” returned the woman,
her voice still holding that deadly even
quality, “you’re making a mistake.
Jim’s coming with me! I’m not bluff-
ing, and I think you are. You see, you
don’t know just what it means to me.
I’ve given my life to Jim. I’ve thrown
away every ideal about honesty I ever
had. I’ve hated the work he’s done,
I’ve loathed it—but I put all that aside.
I loved him—and I love him—better
than anything else in the world. I’ve
had enough hell—and especially I’ve
had enough of it these last four years
—and I won’t go through it again. I
think you know, Terry Neall, when you
meet a woman that’s telling the truth.
And I’m saying now that if I have to
kill you to do it, Jim Knowles won’t
go back to jail with you again!”
Possibly Jim’s eyes grew bigger;
possibly pride and savage daring came
into them. Withal, he still shrewdly
kept them on his antagonist.

  The detective was quiet for a short
moment, and then he spoke—but first
he backed slowly to the wall:

  "Don’t shoot, Miss McAlister—and
don’t you make a mistake. Wait, I
know you’re not bluffing,”—he was
partly eyeing her—“and I think you
know now that I’m not. I realize you
want to get Jim away—I realize you’d
kill to do it. On the other hand, I’ve
got him covered cold. It’s a sort of
a hopeless triangle—you get me and I
get him, I get him and you get me.
I’m playing straight, see—and I’m put-
ting it straight. Now,” he smiled.
The Last Job

105

“what in the deuce are we going to do
about it?”

  Kitty looked him squarely in the
eyes and was forced to say that he
seemed a man, every inch. He was
slight, quick as a cat, with a pair of
honest blue eyes—not so unlike her
own—that looked you over with a
blink. Surely, too, that firm mouth
and sharpened jaw meant what they
said.

  “Air. Neall,” she said slowly, “all I
know that we’re going to do about it
is one thing. . . . Jim’s coming with
me—not going back to Sing Sing!”

  For the first time the safe-breaker
spoke. He smiled one of his dry
smiles:

  “Hmmm. / don’t seem necessary to
consult, do I?”

  Neall still had his gun on him; he
still had both of them under his eye;
and he didn’t hear the question, for all
his answer. Kitty, neither, paid any
attention. Each realized that the battle
was between themselves:

  “Yes, Terry Neall,” she said quietly,
“he’s coming with me—and not with
you!”

  The detective’s eyes, though he could
not be accused of exhibiting laxness,
were a bit far-off in their expression.
A faint smile, too, persisted in turning
the corners of his lips. It was rather
a whimsical smile, at that. He said
nothing.

  “Mr. Neall,” Kitty went on, “we’ve
got to decide quickly. I know Jim’s
ways, and that Weiner and his serv-
ant he’s chloroformed may show signs
of life soon and make it what you’d
call interesting. I’m not afraid of any-
thing else, for I knew you’re as bad as
Jim on one point—you always play
alone, dead alone. Now, am I going
to take him out of here with your con-
sent, or have I got to kill you? I don’t
care if you kill Jim in the bargain.
I’ve just made up my'mind that he

won’t go to Sing Sing. Please decide!”
Terry Neall surveyed them both for
a long, long minute, that odd smile
broadening:

  “Kitty McAlister,” he said finally,
“I’ll tell you. First get Over the idea
that I’m backing down—but I think
you’re wise enough woman to know
I’m not. This is my game, this is my
life—this hunt business. Maybe it
isn’t all fun, I’m not saying. Maybe,
even, I wasn’t so—so damned glad to
send Jim up the first time. Anyway,
it’s my job and it’s my duty! Get that!

. . . I’ll tell you. I’ve always liked
a brave woman—and I’ve always liked
a brave man. And again, I don’t think
Jim Knowles at heart is an out and out
crook—no, he isn’t! There’s one thing
I think he is—I think he’s a man who’d
keep his word, once he’d given it. I’m
taking that from my own observations,
and not only from what I’ve heard
about him. Well, now, all right—and
here’s my proposition: If Jim Knowles
gives me his word of honor that he’ll
turn straight—that lie’ll never pull an-
other crooked deal—he can walk out*
with you as free as air!”

  He paused, and watched them both
shrewdly. Jim Knowles flushed—flush-
ed and averted his eyes. Kitty, in-
deed, came near forgetting her weapon
—and it took Terry Neall to remind
her of it:

  “You see,” he drawled, “I almost
might have had you then, if I’d been
playing! . . . But here, this has
got to be decided. If you don’t agree,

I swear by everything I hold sacred
that I’ll pump Knowles full of lead,
even if you’ll do the same to me. If
you give me your word, though, you
can walk out with the woman who
I think is one of the finest. There’s
only one thing I ask—only one proviso
I make, if you want to call it that. It’s
that you, Jim Knowles, get rid of your
damned fool ideas and marry Kitty
106

The Last Job

McAlister—marry a woman that mil-
lions of men would be proud and glad
and lucky to have love them. There,
that’s my talk—and that’s the last word
I’m saying. You’ve got blamed little
time to decide before I start trying to
take you back. Miss McAlister, go
right to it. Say what ?”

  Kitty did not answer him. Instead,
she looked at Jim Knowles—looked
at him with wild hope as she once
more placed herself entirely in his
hands.

  He met her eyes squarely, though his
cheeks were flushed and his embarrass-

ment showed. But it was he, who re-
plied to honest Terry Neall:

  “Neall,” he said, putting out his hand,
his face literally crimson now, “if you’ll
take my hand, man to man, you’ll know
that I mean it when I say I give my
word never to crack another safe and to
marry the finest woman in the world!”
The detective didn’t waste a frac-
tion of a second in gripping the offered
hand; also, neither did he waste a frac-
tion of a second in turning his back as
Kitty rushed for Jim with a glad, joy-
ous cry that meant the dreams of years
had come true!

   By Frederick Moxon

    WHEN I was over there in France
          Driving an army ambulance,

   I sang a song and took my chance.

   I took my chance and sang a song,

    For war is foul, but youth is strong,

    And life is sweet, and death is long.

    Yes, life and love alike are sweet,

    And by the well we used to meet,—
    Myself, and pretty Marguerite.

    In southern vale the village lay,—

     (“Hell’s Road” a thousand worlds away).
     And there was rest and holiday.

     A church there was with chiming bell,

     And moonlight silence by the well
     Where whispering poplar-shadows fell.

    I tried my French each little while,

     And Marguerite, with puzzled smile,

    Our meanings tried to reconcile.

     But Love be praised! and thank the Fates!
     One thing for no translation waits:

    Her kisses “talked United States.”

 A War Memory
The Comet and the Star

                By Louise Winter

EVA LLOYD stepped
from the dramatic stage,
where she had won an
enviable position as a
promising young actress,
to the screen, and in less
than six months she had
firmly established herself in the front
ranks of moving-picture favorites, but
Tom Collinge became famous overnight.

  Collinge was an automobile salesman
and, for a bet, he drove one of the
firm's cars in a sensational race from
Niagara Falls to New York. Camera
men snapped him up along the route,
and when he made a spectacular finish
at Columbus Circle he good-naturedly
consented to pose so that the public
could get a glimpse of his handsome
face decorated with a broad smile of
triumph.

  A motion-picture director happened
to be passing and seeing young Col-
linge’s possibilities offered him a stag-
gering sum to do a picture.

  Collinge laughed at the offer. “Quit
your fooling,” he said, shaking his curly
head. “I don’t know the first thing
about acting!”

  “You don’t have to,” returned Hyams
promptly. “You haven’t a trace of self-
consciousness and you’re a type that
screens well.”

  Collinge frowned. He saw that the
man was in earnest, but it seemed to
him that it was rather a contemptible
thing to make money by your personal
appearance and not by hard work.
“Couldn’t think of it,” he said, and this
time his voice contained conviction.
That night, however, when he and

the only girl in the world were dining at
Shanly’s to celebrate his victory, he re-
lated the occurrence.

  “And the man was so persistent that
I had to promise to think it over be-
fore I could get rid of him,” he con-
cluded.

  Elsie Collinge’s eyes opened to their
widest extent. “Who was he?” she
asked quickly.

  “Albert Hyams.” Collinge tossed
over a card. “Ever hear of him?” He
liked the pictures well enough, but Elsie
was a fan.

  She nodded. “He’s Neva Lloyd’s
director, and what he says with the
Paradox people goes,” she explained,
and there was a slight trace of awe in
her voice.	'

  “Neva Lloyd!” Collinge chuckled.
“Hyams said he wanted me in her new
picture.”

  Elsie leaned forward. Suddenly she
saw possibilities in the offer. “And
what did you say ?” she demanded.

  “Say? Why, I said no, of course.
You wouldn’t want me to be a movie
actor, would you?”

  “They get awfully big salaries.”
Collinge’s face fell. “Perhaps, but
is money everything? Pm making five
thousand a year with the Stone people,
and we get along pretty well on that.”
“You could make fifty thousand just
as.easily.”

  “By selling myself.” He was disap-
pointed in Elsie. He had related the
incident, thinking that she would see
the joke as he had seen it. He had
never dreamed that she would wish him
to consider such an offer.

107
10S

The Comet and the Star

  “You’re selling yourself now at a
very, small price. You see what brains
alone are worth. If you used your
brains, however, in connection with
your good looks—and don’t scowl like
that, Tom Collinge, of course you know
you’re good looking—you could easily
make a fortune. The movies aren’t
like the ordinary stage, you don’t mere-
ly have to speak your lines well, you
have to know how to ride and drive and
swim and do all sorts of athletic stunts.
It’s fearfully exciting! Besides, they’re
going to show your picture on the screen
driving the Stone and you’re not making
a fuss about that.” She saw all there
was to be made out of the flattering
proposal and also a certain amount of
glory accruing to herself as the wife of
a successful movie star.

  The frown deepened on Collinge’s
face and the carefully ordered dinner
suddenly lost its savor. He and Elsie
had been married for over a year and
he had learned by now to recognize a
certain hardness in her nature. She
was only twenty-two and she looked
like a kitten with her fluffy ash-blonde
hair, her long sleepy blue eyes and her
little red mouth, but underneath her
seeming docility was a curious deter-
mination to have her own way regard-
less of whose feelings she trampled on
in order to obtain it.

  He wished now that he had kept the
incident to himself, but it was too late
for regrets and he must steel himself to
fight the greed he saw growing in Elsie’s
eyes.

  But between dominant people like Al-
bert Hyams and Elsie he was wax,
and in spite of his reluctance to taking
up work that he thought lacked dig-
nity, in less than a month he was
signed up as a Paradox star.

  The novelty of it was not without in-
terest, for as Elsie had pointed out the
acting was not all done within doors
and the thrills of his first picture were

real to him. His principal objection
was to the love-making for he was a
clean-minded youngster and loyal to the
girl he had married.

  “Don’t you care if I take Neva Lloyd
in my arms and kiss her?” he asked one
night, as he came in late. “I’m not
made of wood, you know, neither is
she!”

  But Elsie valued her own attractions
too highly to be frightened by his
frankness. “She’s been kissed by so
many men that it’s all in the day’s work
to her,” she retorted carelessly.

  So Collinge dropped that subject.

  At the studio Neva Lloyd made
things easy for him. She liked him
from the first. He was young and re-
freshingly unspoiled. He never tried
to monopolize the camera and he treated
her with unfailing respect. They were
about the same age, but he seemed
younger.

  It was some satisfaction for Collinge
to be able to buy the Stone in which he
had driven to fame and fortune and he
used it for a scene to be staged in the
Westchester Hills.

  Neva Lloyd watched him drive up
the first morning.

  “You handle your car so well that
some day I’m going to ask you to drive
me back to town,” she said in the
elder-sister tone that robbed their in-
tercourse of all danger.

  His brow darkened. “I should drive
well. I began as a demonstrator.”

  “I’ve heard all about your race.”
Hyams had played it up to advertise his
new star.

  “I wish I’d never taken up that fool-
ish bet!” Collinge groaned. This was
one of the days when making a monkey
out of himself, as he phrased it, irked
him.

  Neva Lloyd smiled gently. “I can’t
regret it,” she said. “It has given me
a very delightful companion to work
with.”
The Comet and the Star

109

  Collinge felt that he was behaving
like a boor. “Miss Lloyd, please for-
give me! I’m not belittling your work,
but I think I loved selling automobiles
quite as much as driving them.”

  Neva Lloyd had tact. “It’s the shak-
ing down process that bothers you. In
a short time petty annoyances will seem
unimportant. The motion picture
drama embraces such a wide field; we
reach so many millions who cannot af-
ford the regular theatre; we can teach
so many lessons and we can bring joy
into so many lives. I try to think of that
part of my work, Mr. Collinge, when I
get discouraged with its trivial side.”
He saw what she wanted him to see
and instinctively he straightened up.
Her few words reconciled him to his
new profession as Hvams’ flatteries and
Elsie’s prophecies had not done.

  That night when he and Elsie w'ere
dining at the Biltmore he tried to tell
her how he now felt about his work.

  Elsie, however, was calculating the
cost of the sable stole draped across the
shoulders of the woman at the next
table and she missed most of his speech.
But she caught the end and she stared
at him incredulously. “Tom, you’re a
scream! You and Neva Lloyd reform-
ing the world through the movies!”
She threw back her head and laughed
shrilly.

  “I wish you wouldn’t take everything
as a jokg, Elsie,” Collinge complained.

  “And I wish you wouldn’t take your-
self so seriously,” she retorted. “You
ought to be wild with joy. You’re get-
ting a huge sum for two pictures and
when you finish these you can demand
double or get someone to put you at the
head of your own company.”

“I’m afraid I’ve made a mistake. All
this money isn’t getting us anywhere.”
“It’s buying us pretty good dinners.”
“I used to enjoy spaghetti at Oli-
vetti’s just as much. None of the old
crowd come here.”

  Elsie shook her head despairingly.
“Have you no ambition?”

  “Yes, for the things that count. I’m
not blaming you, I was tempted and it
seemed like easy money, but I wish to
God I had my old job back!”

  A look of fear swept over Elsie’s
face. “But you can’t give up now!”
she said quickly.

  “I know it. I’ll have to keep my
contract for these two pictures at
least.”

  Elsie took courage from that admis-
sion. The pictures would stretch over
six or eight months and by that time
Tom would be so accustomed to luxury
that he would not dream of going back
to comparative poverty.

  There were other days, of course,
when he took pleasure in the fact that
he could spend money freely. He was
naturally conservative for he had been
brought up in a frugal household, but
he had a generous heart and he gave
in to most of Elsie’s extravagant de-
mands.

  After a time, however, he decided it
would be necessary to call a halt. The
bills that came in were of alarming pro-
portions.

  Elsie had insisted upon their giving
up their five room flat and taking a
suite at an apartment hotel down town.
He had protested at first, but in the
end had given in as usual.

  One morning he looked up from a
sheaf of bills as Elsie came into the
living room where breakfast was being
served. He frowned as he saw that she
was wearing an elaborate negligee of
black Chantilly lace over flesh colored
Georgette Crepe.

  “See here, girlie, I’m not a Chaplin,
you know, and the bills this month are
staggerers. We’ve got to pull up a bit,”
he said.

  Elsie seated herself and dug into her
slice of Honey Dew melon. “You
should worry! Tom, you’ve got an
110

The Comet and the Star

awfully small outlook. I'll bet if you
wanted to throw over the Paradox peo-
ple you could get double with The Fea-
ture Films.”

  “And leave Hyams in the lurch after
he’s been so decent to us?”

  “You mean leave Neva Lloyd.”
  “Elsie!”

  “Tom!” she mimicked him. “Don’t
forget that you called her a peach when
you first began to work with her. I
don’t mind if your professional admira-
tion slops over a bit, but don’t think
you are hoodwinking me.”

  “I can’t make you out at all, Elsie.
I think the money has gone to your head
so that you can’t see anything else.”
Collinge spoke slowly. He refused to
answer her preposterous attack. He ad-
mired Neva Lloyd tremendously, both
as an actress and as a woman, but he
loved his wife.

  “Money’s a very good thing, and you
never can have too much of it. As for
loyalty to Hyams, do you think he
wouldn’t knife you tomorrow if he
could get someone else as good looking
for less money?”

  “I do. Men have some sense of
honor.”

  “Not men like Hyams.”

  “Have you any foundation for that
assertion?”

“I’m judging by his past perform-
ances. I sit in the side lines and I hear
a lot that never gets by to the players.”
“And you’ve heard that Hyams isn’t
square?”

  “Not when it interferes with his own
pocket.” ^

  “And you think the Feature Films
would make it worth my while to
break with him ?”

  “I know it.” Elsie’s tone was posi-
tive. “I’ve met Colonel Roberts, lie’s
backing the Feature Films, and we’ve
talked of what you could do if you had
a free hand.”

  "Hartley Roberts, president of the

Spruce Tire Company. Where did you
meet that rounder?” Collinge asked
sternly.

  Elsie sighed. She hoped Tom wasn’t
going to be tiresome. What if Roberts
were fast? He was a millionaire and a
good spender. “At the Biltmore,” she
said suddenly.

  “Cut him out! I won’t have my wife
meeting men like that!”

  “If I do, will you see the Feature
people ?”	\

  “No, but if you don’t I’ll go back to
selling automobiles as soon as I finish
the new picture.”

  “You couldn’t. You’d hate to give up
all this as much as I would! You pose
as liking simple things, but I notice you
take very kindly to silk pajamas and a
fifty-dollar dressing gown.”

  Collinge stared at the brocaded robe
which enveloped bis form and he won-
dered if Elsie were right. He had
taken kindly to luxuries, but he had
salved his conscience by saying to him-
self that he could give them up tomor-
row without a pang.

  Elsie’s slurs about Hyams made him
thoughtful, and that morning as he
drove down to the studio he wondered
how he really stood with the Paradox
director. His doubts, however, were
quickly set aside as Hyams greeted him
with the news that the company was
to be sent down to Palm Beach the fol-
lowing week for the new picture.

  On his way to his dressing room he
passed Neva Lloyd. “Heard the news?
Gee! It makes me feel like a million-
aire, Palm Beach in February!” He
was boyishly excited over the prospect
of his first trip south.

  Neva Lloyd smiled indulgently.
“Sometimes it is hard to realize that
most of our glory is pasteboard.
Haven’t you ever been to Florida ?”
“Indeed not. I couldn’t do stunts
like that on a salesman’s salary. Elsie
is going to be delighted.”
Tlie ’Comet and the Star

111

  “So Mrs. Collinge is going with us?”

  “You bet she is! I stipulated that in
the beginning, no long separations from
my wife. She’s all the family I have,
Miss Lloyd.”

  “You’re lucky to have her.” Then
Neva Lloyd passed on. She had long
since taken Elsie Collinge’s measure
and she wondered why a heartless little
creature like that should have won a
real man when other women who would
have appreciated a sincere affection
went without.

  Collinge was right. Elsie was de-
lighted and she promptly plunged into
an orgy of shopping in order to have
something fit to wear.

  He was aghast at the amount of bag-
gage necessary to contain her belong-
ings.

  “Five trunks and two hat boxes!” he
commented. “What have you got in
them ?”

  “Clothes, you idiot! Lovely, chiffony
things! No one is going to take the
shine out of me at Palm Beach.” She
was in high good humor for she had
had tea that afternoon with Hartley Rob-
erts and the colonel had vowed that he
'would follow her to Florida to see that
she did not get lonesome while her hus-
band was playing love scenes with Neva
Lloyd under the palms.	. *

  The Paradox company traveled south
in a private car and Elsie went along
as a privileged guest. During the trip
she managed to antagonize most of the
members by her arrogance and she
made herself especially disagreeable to
Neva Lloyd.

  Collinge noticed it and spoke to her.
“WhSt have you got against Miss
Lloyd?” he asked the first night, after
they had retired to their stateroom.

  “Principally the fact that she tries to
patronize me.”

  “Nonsense, she’s trying to make you
feel at home. Naturally, you are out of

your element in a crowd of theatrical

people.”

  “And I prefer to remain so. I don’t
have to mix with these freaks when we
get to Palm Beach.”

“Freaks! You are speaking of the
people with whom I earn my living!”

  “You, not I!” Elsie made the dis-
tinction clear.

  “But it’s your living as well, and you
got me into it.” Collinge was growing
angry.

  “I did and sometimes I wonder you’re
not ashamed to owe it all to me.”

  “I hadn’t thought of it in that way.
So I ought to be grateful to you for the
chance to make a monkey out of myself
with a lot of other freaks!” His face
darkened. Elsie seemed to take a de-
light in irritating him these days.

  “Don’t fuss tonight, Tom, I’m
sleepy.” She reached up and encircled
his neck with her arm. “There, you’re
a beautiful thing and I’m proud of
you!” She kissed him lightly, but her
careless caresses had no power to thrill
him in these days.

  Women had not entered into the busy
automobile salesman’s life, but the mov-
ing picture actor had frequent oppor-
tunities to realize what deep, overmas-
tering passion between men and women
meant.

  He had searched to the depths of El-
sie’s shallow nature and had come to
the conclusion that she had no more to
offer and he must be content with sur-
face affection.

  The dolce far niente life of the south
got under his guard and he plunged into
its pleasures with almost as much zest
as Elsie did. The idea of ocean bathing
in February fascinated him and he
spent hours in the surf. Elsie posed on
the beach in an abbreviated satin cos-
tume, but Neva Lloyd was a strong
swimmer and it was she who went out
with him beyond the breakers and swam
along the coast. It was Neva Lloyd
112

The Comet and the Star

who bicycled through winding paths
with him while Elsie spent her after-
noons dancing and again it was Neva
Lloyd who initiated him into the joys
of motor boating on Lake Worth.

  At the Beach Club one night he ran
across Roberts. The older man’s
greeting was friendly but not over cor-
dial so that Collinge had no suspicion
that Roberts and Elsie were meeting
daily while he was at work or playing
with Neva Lloyd.

  “My husband warns me that you are
a dangerous man.” Elsie said the next
afternoon as she sipped a bacardi dicky
under the cocoanut palms.

  “And what about you? Doesn’t he
realize that you are a constant menace
to a man’s peace of mind?” Roberts
thought he knew every move in the
game he was playing, but he had yet
to fathom the depth of guile that lay
beneath the sleepy blue eyes raised in-
nocently to his.

  “Not to yours,” she murmured in-
sinuatingly.

  “Haven’t you drawn me all the way
from New York to Florida?”

  “I’m not the only attraction at Palm
Beach.”

  “You are as far as I am concerned.”

  Elsie was content. She had long since
measured the situation. Tom was a
money maker at present, but the
colonel had a solid position in the finan-
cial world and her ambition had risen
by leaps and bounds since it had been
unleashed a few short months ago.
Now she saw no reason why she could
not deftly fan the flame of the colonel’s
ardor into the fire that burned before
the hymeneal altar.

  And unconsciously Neva Lloyd was
furthering her plans. The actress was
making Collinge content with only oc-
casional glimpses of his wife.

  The picture progressed rapidly but it
was over two weeks in the making, two
weeks during which time Hartley

Roberts sank deep into the pit which
Elsie's sublety dug for him and in which
Collinge turned to Neva Lloyd for com-
radeship.

  He was an ardent fisherman. He had
never been able to persuade Elsie to
take any interest in the sport but Neva
Lloyd was almost as keen about angling
as he was.

  “When we finish you ought to run
down to Miami and get some deep sea
fishing,” she told him one morning as
they came ashore with a creditable
catch.

   “I’d love it.” He turned to her eager-
ly. “Would you come?”

  “With you?” But her smile had no
coquetry in it.

  “And Elsie, of course. I suppose
there’s dancing there too.”

  “I suppose there is but you ought to
go alone. Deep sea fishing is a man’s
sport.”

  “You’ve taught me that a woman can
share in a lot of sports that I once
thought belonged solely to men.” His
admiring glance took in her slender
compact figure with its muscles of steel
hidden beneath a seemingly fragile ex-
terior.

   “It’s only since I’ve been in the pic-
tures that I've let my natural tomboy
inclinations have full sway. I used to
think they might count against my fem-
inine charm.” Her tone was full of
gentle raillery.

  “As if anything could do that,” he
told her warmly.

  “Are you trying to flatter me?” she
demanded, a slightly worried crease
appearing between her eyes.

  “No, I’m paying you an honest trib-
ute. You’ve given me your friendship,
Neva, and you can’t imagine how I
value it.” He spoke earnestly for at
that time he was not experienced enough
to classify his emotions.

  But Neva Lloyd saw pitfalls ahead.
She dared not admit even to herself
The Comet and the Star

113

how much Collinge was beginning to
mean to her. No other man with whom
she had been associated either on the
legitimate stage or in pictures had
awakened this tender feeling that had
a maternal quality about it. Neva Lloyd
hated the ugly facts of life. A woman
of strong passions she had always held
herself in check waiting for the man
who would come to mean all the world
to her. and now she faced the realization
that he had come, but he belonged to
another woman and she must neither
forget it herself nor allow him to do so.

  Collinge was miscast as an actor. His
heart was not in his work. He was
flashing, meteor-like across the motion
picture sky but his trail would be brief.
He had too much virility to remain con-
tent with make-believe incidents and
some day he would go back to the busi-
ness world that called out his best ac-
tivities. She saw that clearly but now
she wondered if he would go soon
enough to spare them both a disil-
lusioning scene.

  She spoke now of his former occupa-
tion. “Do you ever think of going
back to it?” she asked.

  “Not now,” he returned frankly. “At
first I used to, but I guess the lure of
wealth has got me, too. Five thousand
a year doesn’t seem much to me nowa-
days.”

  “But you wouldn’t remain a five thou-
sand a year man.”

  “It’d be tough climbing up to the
twenty-five thousand class.”

  “I thought you liked hard work?”

  “I thought so myself once.”

  “I’m hoping you'll see how much bet-
ter it would be for you. It isn’t a& if
you were a born actor, you know.”
Collinge turned puzzled eyes in her
direction. “But I’m making good.”
“On your face and your figure and
your ability to do stunts.”

  That hurt. It startled him out of the
complacent mood into which he had
S.—May—8

drifted since he had come south. “I
have no real talent?” he asked slowly.
“It’s just my personal appearance that
gets across?”

  Neva Lloyd felt like a surgeon facing
a delicate operation, but she did not
flinch from the task before her though
it would probably take this man out of
her life. “It’s your youth and your
good looks and you’re too big a man to
go on making money out of those
things.”

  He tried to digest her statement. A
few months ago he had had her own
viewpoint of the situation but of late
he had deluded himself with visions of
his own glory. “But I’m a Paradox
star!” he protested.

  Neva Lloyd smiled ' indulgently.
“You’re a comet, with a brilliant tail
and you never will be a fixed planet in
our painted sky, thank heaven for that!”

  “It looks as if you wanted to get rid
of me.”

  “If I do, it’s for your own good,”
she said gravely. “Your present work
is not conducive to marital happiness.
Aren’t you conscious of how little you
see of your wife?”

  His brow darkened. “I don’t believe
she cares.”

  “If she’s drifting away it’s up to you
to win her back before it’s too late.
You wouldn’t want to lose her, would
you ?”

  “Of course not.” His answer came
quickly for he was still a primitive man
with fixed ideas of right and wrong and
an old-fashioned sense of the sacred
claims of duty.

  They walked on in silence for a few
moments and then he stopped.

  “I’m not going in. Elsie went motor
boating this afternoon and I think I’ll
play the dutiful husband stunt and
meet her on the dock,” he said with an
attempt at lightness.

  “Good boy!” Neva Lloyd commented.
“And get out of pictures soon, Tom,
114

The Comet and the Star

they’re bad for married men who want ,
plenty of time in which to love their
wives,” she concluded.

  Then she went up the steps and into
the hotel.

  Collinge looked after her admiring-
ly. What a woman, he thought! What
a comrade! What a wife, for some
lucky man! And then he pulled him-
self up sharply and compressed his lips
as lie realized the full danger of indul-
ging in such thoughts.

  During the balance of their stay at
Palm Beach he devoted every spare mo-
ment to Elsie, and as Roberts had gone
north after establishing a complete
basis of understanding, she accepted his
attentions with a malicious tolerance
that made him feel as if she saw
through his clumsy attempts to simu-
late an affection which had ceased to ex-
ist.	»
He did not tell her that he had writ-
ten to the Stone Motor Company until
they were on the train, homeward
bound. When she heard it she raised
her brows significantly.

  “What’s the idea of bluffing like that?
You’d better stick to Hyams, you’ve
lost your chance with the Feature
Films,” she said contemptuously.

  “I’ve told Hyams I’m through.”
“Indeed? And have you and the
lovely Neva quarreled?”

  “See here, Elsie, keep her name out
of this!” His tone was harsh. It was
growingly increasingly difficult to retain
his temper under Elsie’s constant jibes.
“These past months have been a night-
mare, but we’ll wake up soon and find
it’s all been an ugly dream. Perhaps
when we settle down to a sane way of
living again, we’ll be able to get back
our old fondness for each other.”

  But Elsie refused to reply to that.
She merely smiled and opened her book
to indicate that as far as she was con-
cerned the matter was not worth talking
about.

  Just before they pulled into the sta-
tion Collinge stepped over to Neva
Lloyd.

  “When we get to New York it’s to
be good-bye,” he said significantly.
“But that’s what you wanted, wasn’t
it?” His face was drawn and his eyes
were full of misery, but she ignored
these signs of suffering and she forced
a brave little smile to her lips as she
answered:

  “Yes, and I wish you all the luck in
the world!” She held out her hand and
as hertook it he realized the truth. Not
only had he learned to care but he had
taught her to care also.

  He turned away abruptly to find El-
sie at his elbow.

  “Why the long farewell ? Won’t you
see each other tomorrow ?” she asked.

  “No! I told you I was getting out of
the pictures and going back to real
life!”

  “Dear Tom! You’d be quite bearable
if you didn’t take yourself so se-
riously.”

  He ignored that and then he gathered
their hand luggage together and sig-
nalled for a porter.

  The next morning he rose early and
went down town to the Stone Com-
pany’s office. They welcomed him
back and offered him a percentage on
his sales which would bring his salary
up considerably. Business details took
up most of the day, but about five
o’clock he went back to the hotel pre-
pared to come to an understanding with
Elsie in regard to their future way of
living.

  They would have to begin on an
economical basis, but he looked forward
to a few hardships which should absorb
him so that he would not have time for
regrets.

  He was whirled up in the elevator
and he let himself into the suite which
Elsie had insisted upon and he called to
her cheerfully from the entrance hall.
The Comet and the Star

115

  But there was no answer. He passed
through the living room into her bed-
room, but she was not there and the
room had a curiously unoccupied look.
There was nothing flung over the chairs,
nothing on the bed and the bureau was
bare of her numerous toilet articles.

  A vague foreboding seized him, but
he brushed it aside and went on into his
bedroom beyond. There, on the chif-
fonier, was a large envelope addressed
to him in Elsie’s irregular hand. He
tore it open.

  “You fool 1” he read. “If you bored
me when you were making money how
did you think I was going to put up
with you when you went back to your
old job? I’m going west and when I
get my divorce—and don’t think you
can stop me for you can’t—I’m going
to marry Colonel Roberts. I’m not go-
ing to drag Neva Lloyd into this as I
don’t want any scandal that will react
on me in the position I am soon going
to hold. And don’t worry over having
lost my love. I know now I never
loved you. I must have fallen a victim
to those good looks of yours which
brought you in a nice fortune until you
got so ridiculously sensitive. I wish

Neva Lloyd joy of you. I suppose now
you’ll go back to pictures and star to-
gether.”

  It was a spiteful letter and it pois-
oned his last tender memory of the girl
he had once thought her. She must
have laid her plans before she had left
Palm Beach and doubtless by this time
she was speeding west toward freedom.
Now that her step was irrevocably
taken he could pity her. She set too
great a store on the non-essentials of
life, such as money, while the things
that really counted were passed con-
temptuously by. She would be happy
when she had attained her selfish desire
and she would never miss what she had
lightly cast aside. She had never loved
him and now he could admit that he
had never really loved her. He had
loved his dream of her.

  He drew a long breath. Some day
he would be free to go to Neva Lloyd
and put the deep love that filled his
heart into words, but he would never
go back into pictures. Neva herself
had said they were bad for married
men who wanted time in which to love
their wives, and he wanted the rest of
his life to devote to loving her.

How Can the May Be Fair?

   By Lizette Luere

   I_J OW can the year swing into May,

     ** How can the May be fair,

      When love is buried in a grave,

        And Joy is mourning there?

   Oh, Woodland white with laurel bloom,

        Oh, laughing airs of May,

      Your fresh and carefree loveliness,

        Must break my heart to-day!
O Woman! Woman!

              By M. A. Hitchcock

AM was very much sur-
prised when he heard of
the broken engagement of
his friend, Billy, and a
charming young woman ac-
quaintance, and condemned
Billy when he learned that
he was the cause of it.

I understand that you broke oft

the engagement,” said Sam. “I don't
see how you could treat Florence so
shabbily.

“Oh, it wasn’t done at all brutally,”
replied Billy. “I managed it very di-
plomatically !”

“How?” queried Sam.

“Why,” explained Billy, “I just sim-
ply told her what my salary is.”

 One Day in May

 By Will Thompson

 ONE day in May, of cloudless blue,

 You took my liana beside the brook;

 And where brown bees the cowslips knew,
 Into your eyes you bade me look.

 Of cloudless blue the mid-spring sky;

   Wild lilies hung their blushing bells
 Beside the brook that rippled by;

 The crinkled ferns waved in the dells.

 One day in May we sought the shrine

  That love had made ; and where brown bees
 Buzzed in the sun, I let you twine
 A crown of pale anemones.

 I trusted you ; you took my hand ;

 And I was glad, nor felt surprise.

 The cowslips knew what May had planned—
  You bade me look into your eyes.
The Fool

By Charles Woodstock

F her husband hadn’t been such
a sheer fool, as she contemptu-
ously dubbed him, Irene Wal-
ters might at least have
felt a slight qualm for
the thing she had done
to him. As it was, how-
ever, her double betrayal of him in-
stilled in her naught but a feeling of
vicious, unalloyed joy—for it would
mean that soon, even in a scant few
days or so, she could at last leave for-
ever with the man she loved and the
man who loved her!

  The half dozen years of her marriage,
during which each succeeding day had
seemed more dull and more dissatis-
fying than the other, would then be
behind her—nothing more than a grim
nightmare that would but serve to con-
trast with the glorious life that would
be hers. It was difficult to contain her
elation. She felt like calling up several
friends and letting them know, like tell-
ing the very servants downstairs, like
shrieking it aloud to all the world!

  But she stilled her emotion and con-
tinued sitting quietly in her boudoir,
gazing steadfastly and with far-off eyes
at her own reflection in the mirror.
Presently she smiled—slowly, trium-
phantly, a bit cruelly. After all, it was
Jasper himself who had been his own
ruin. For once, though unknowingly
and through no absolutely direct fault
of his own, he had mentioned just a
few brief words of the thing he always
kept religiously locked up in the very
depths of his soul—his business!

  Not that she had wanted, formerly,
to hear anything about it. No—Heav-

ens, no! The very word, alone, was
enough to send a shiver of repugnance
through her. If she were giving a din-
ner and he were late, it was always that
word, “business,” that was the excuse;
when he had to break an engagement
they had made, the same thing was
blamed for it; whenever she spoke of
new expenditures for the house, or of
an elaborate affair, or of some rather
costly clothes or jewels, it was always
to remain undecided until he saw how
“business” was going and how the books
would balance at the end of the month!

  She didn’t know anything about the
thing—or didn’t want to. Decidedly
no. Even if she had, it would have
been useless, for Jasper never talked, it
was said, to either man or woman in re-
gard to his affairs down in Wall Street.
That, in fact, was what had lately made
her task so difficult; that was why she
had searched through his papers and his
pockets; that was why she had care-
fully, cautiously, cunningly sounded him
in reference to his latest deal in the
effort to find out just one thing—the
name of the stock he intended “unload-
ing” as a surprise and a ruse to an
opposing clique! . . .

  Again she smiled. It seemed ironic
that she, of all people, should finally
wish to learn something about that
which she had abhorred. However, it
W'as only through this very finding out,
her lover had shown her, that they
could ever hope to run off and have
each other forever and all time. And
at last, thank God, it was to come to
pass. That very afternoon—perhaps

117
118	The Fool

even now—her husband would receive
ratlier a crushing financial surprise that
at the same time would give Roy a small
fortune that would take them to a new
land and a new life! . . .

  For over the last year, now, happi-
ness of a sort had been hers—but a
happiness that was tinged with an ach-
ing, chafing regret that she might not in-
dulge in it openly. Since that glorious
night when Roy Trafford, at a house
party up in the Berkshires, had told her
that he loved her, she had waited for
just this moment. From the very be-
ginning, it seemed, they had both been
strongly drawn toward the other. He
had told her hotly, passionately, fierce-
ly, that he wranted her and was going to
have her—money being the only thing
that stood in their way. The want of
it, that is.

  He was struggling along down in
Wall Street, making about enough to
enable him to keep up his end and get
along passably—but he had no capital
or resources behind him, to speak of.
She, though married to Jasper Walters,
had no fortune in her own right. There-
fore, they had but hoped and prayed
that the time would come when Roy
made a gigantic coup that would give
them enough to sail for other lands and
spend their days in heavenly idleness,
always together. It had seemed more
and more hopeless as each day went by
—until Roy had learned what he had a
scant week ago!

  Flushed, excited, jubilant, he had
come to her and told her that if she
could but discover the name of a cer-
tain stock Jasper was intending to load
he could make a veritable small fortune.
He had gone into the thing fully, but
it had all been so much Greek to her.
It was something about Jasper doing it
as a ruse in order to lower the price so
that lie himself might get more later at
a much lower figure; but, if Roy bought
it up, he could come in on the big price

when the time came. Jasper, of course,
would be clever enough to sell several
different ones—and the point was to
learn just which one was important.
That, more or less, was all that she
understood—all that she wanted to.
Roy knew, and that was enough. One
thing, however, stood out. Should Roy
find out what he wanted, he intended
putting in the few thousands he had
scraped together, with what he could
borrow, and coming out with enough
for life for them. And at last—at last,
thank God—she had learned! . . .

  Jasper, last night, had again indulged
in a habit that had formerly been ex-
ceedingly annoying—talking in his sleep.
He had seemed restless most of the
night, tossing about and mumbling in-
coherently. At first, in anger, she had
started to wake him—but then he had
suddenly talked fairly clearly, apparent-
ly speaking of the deal he intended exe-
cuting on the morrow. It seemed that
he was entirely engrossed with this
stock he was going to unload—the F. L.
& W., whatever that meant—and had
named it repeatedly. With tense body
and held breath she had listened, joy
madly surging through her as she ob-
tained further and positive evidence
that it was the name Roy wanted to
know. F. L. & W.—F. L. & W.—
. . . How wrell she knew it! . . .

  There had been 110 sleep for her from
then on. With wide eyes and pounding
heart she had waited through the night,
through the morning, through breakfast
■—and when Jasper had finally quit the
house she rushed to the telephone in
her boudoir and told Roy the glad news.
At first he had seemed surprised that it
was the F. L. & W., but he had chuck-
lingly remarked that “Walters was sure-
ly a sly old fox” and had told her that
this very day would see him successful
and that before many days were over
they would be steaming off to start in
on their glorious life together! . . .
The Fool

119

    The following hours had seemed
  more than treble their time, as with
  raw nerves she had waited for the tele-
  phone message from him at least say-
  ing that all was well. God, but how glad
  she would be never again to see precise,
  businesslike Jasper. Business. He
  was clever in that, they said. Well,
  possibly; but outside of it what a fool
  he was! Why, he had not even the
  slightest suspicion of her affair with
  Roy, although several times she had
  thought the escapes desperately narrow.
  No, instead of suspecting, he had occa-
  sionally remarked that “young Trafford
  was certainly a nice, clean chap and that
  he was glad to see that he dropped in so
  much and kept her company when her
  old husband was held down at his
  desk!” . . . Fool—fool . . .

    But when would Roy telephone?
  Heavens, it was—yes, it was after two
  already. Why didn't he let her know?

' Certainly he must by this time have fin-
ished the important and decisive part!

    . . She mustn’t be too impatient,
  though. It was that horrible “business”
  again, and one never knew when that
  would end! . . . Anyway, what differ-
  ence did a few minutes, or hours, make ?
  Hadn’t she waited month after month
  for just this moment? And it was
  surely coming soon! Roy—dear, dear
  Roy! . . .

     Indistinctly, she heard the bell below
  tinkle. She sat up with a start. Was
  it—could it be—Roy? . . . But, no;
  he always rang her up first. Still—
  perhaps . . .

     But then, coming the stairs, she heard
  the soft, even, regular footsteps that
  she knew so well. She wrinkled her
  nose annoyedly. What was bringing
  Jasper home so early today? Perhaps
  —perhaps the business surprise! Then
  Roy had triumphed! . . . But her hus-
  band was coming into her boudoir. Al-
  ready he was at the door. How both-
  ersome! . . .

  She smiled her usual mechanical
smile when he entered:

  “Hello, Jasper,” she called out, try-
ing her best to speak quite pleasantly,
“and what under the sun brings you
back from your beloved business at this
early hour?”

  “Oh, nothing in particular,” he smiled
in return, and, yawning, sat down.
“Finished up rather early and felt a bit
tired! . . . But why aren’t you off at
some tea or such stuff ?”

  She made some trivial remark about
feeling slightly played out herself.
Heavens, was he going to sit here talk-
ing with her for any length of time?
She hoped not. Roy, never in the world
realizing that Jasper was here at this
hour, might ring up at any moment.
Out of the corner of her eye, she stud-
ied his face closely. No, nothing was
there that told of his having received a
business surprise. It was cool, calm,
serene as always—and just as expres-
sionless. How it got on her nerves,
now more than ever—that quiet face
and those watery blue eyes—ugh! . . .
Yes, he looked like a fool—a stupid,
awkward, boresome fool!

 How different Roy was—young,
good-looking, laughing Roy. How de-
liciously he made love—how happy she
was while she was with him—how . . .

  She knew that she paled a trifle and
that her heart went forward at least
several notches. Was—was he going
to tell of the blow?

  But Jasper’s voice broke into her
thoughts as he again stretched and
yawningly remarked:

  “Oh, by the way, Irene. Had rather
a bad shock today. Quite upset me.
In fact, that’s one reason why I came
home a bit early!”

  “Yes,” she managed to ask, quietly
solicitous.

  He was slow in answering—and it
seemed to her as if his watery blue
eyes, suddenly grown strangely cold and
darker, were searing into her very soul.

  “Young friend of ours,” he drawled
carelessly, “poor Roy Trafford!
Hmmm. Got badly caught on some
stock, I hear. Must have got things
mixed up, somehow. He’s usually pas-
sably shrewd!”

  He paused deliberately, and how she
held up she didn’t know. She felt her
heart almost stop and her face go death-
ly white and cold. Her muscles con-
tracted and her fingers stiffened into
taut fists as she hid them in the folds
of her wrap:

  “Re—really?” she asked, her voice
sounding very faint and uanatural to
her.

  Her husband rose, stretched again,
and informed her that he thought he’d
take a bit of a nap before dinner came
around. Then, as if he had suddenly
remembered:

  “Oh, Trafford? . . . Yes—yes, it’s
the truth. Poor chap. Bungled every-
thing. Lost every penny he owned as
well as a lot lie had borrowed on notes,
I believe. Ah, I heard that he sud-
denly quit town—had to, I guess, wasn’t
healthy for him! . . . Too bad—yes,
too bad. Feel very sorry, especially as
—ah—especially as I had rather a good
day of it myself, you know!”

But she didn’t hear a word he said—
or she hardly cared, for the moment,

whether he knew it or not. His back
was turned and she watched him dazed-
ly, feeling as if she would like to spring
on him and tear him to the ground, if
for no other reason than to give vent
to her disappointment!

  Roy—Roy had failed. Something
had gone wrong. He was a fugitive.
Their dream was over. God — dear
God, what agony! ...

  At the door her husband turned.
“Oh, Irene,” he called out, his voice
peculiarly quiet.

   She looked up. His face was no lon-
ger calm and serene and—stupid. In-
stead, there was an expression of de-
moniacal cunning and fiendisfi satisfac-
tion in his every feature that caused her
to unconsciously shudder:

   “By the way,” he drawled, his every
word a slow and poignant sting, “I be-
lieve that I indulged in my old habit of
’ talking in my sleep last night, didn’t I ?
. . . But never mind now, dear girl;
I’ll speak of that later, after my little
nap—about that and several other little
matters that I want settled up!”

   With a cruel smile and low laugh he
was gone—and with him, Irene knew,
was gone her lover as well as the hus-
band who had formerly been at least
available as a means of support!

  Fool—fool? . . . God! She was
the fool! . . .

My Friend

 By Karl R. Coolidge

I HAVE always felt that Tom was my best friend.

Only the other day I, as a married man, gave him a few instructions
about the proper procedure in making love to a woman.

    Today I find that Tom used this information so successfully that he
has persuaded my wife to elope with him.

    Now I know that Tom is my best friend.
Her Horrible Revenge

                                        0

           By Terrell Love Holliday

EAR? Maurine?”

 “Umph!” grunted
Mrs. Ammizun, sleepily
shaking off the trembling
hand that clutched her
arm.

 “Maurine—” M r .
Ammizun’s teeth were rattling audibly
now—“please wake up. I just know
there’s a woman under the bed.”

  “Oh, the devil 1 You’ve been certain
of that two or three nights a week ever
since we were married. I suppose I’ll
have to crawl out in the cold to satisfy
you.”

  “If you will, dear. I shnply can’t
go to sleep until I know.”

  “Where’s my gun and flashlight?”
growled the head of the house.

  Mr. Ammizun drew them from be-
neath the pillow, holding the weapon as
if it were a loathsome and dangerous
bug.

  “Thunderation! Bertie, why don’t
you put your shoes where I won’t step
on them?”

  From away down under the covers
Mr. Ammizun sent an apology, and
waited breathlessly, as he always did.

  “Hej', you hussy! Come out of
there, or I’ll blow a hole through
you.”

  “Mercy!” shuddered Ammizun, re-
treating farther beneath the covers.
“There is one. What if she should hurt
Maurine? She’d b-better not. I’ll
scratch her eyes out.”

  “Throw up your hands!”

  “I can’t,” peevishly replied the bur-

glaress. “I have a tight-sleeved waist
under this sweater.”

  “I suppose,” cuttingly remarked Mrs.
Ammizun, “that you started home with
a club stew and wandered in here by
mistake ?” ,

  “No,” responded the intruder, not to
be outdone in facetiousness. “My
chauffeuress not only is particular to
deposit me at the right door, but she
takes me in and puts me to bed.”
“Then, how do you account—”

  “Oh, I heard that your husband was
always expecting to find a woman un-
der the bed, and I thought I could save
him one disappointment. No doubt he
has had many since he married you,”
mocked the burglaress.

  “Bertie! Get up and call the police,
before I shoot this brazen jade.”

  “My dear!” protested Ammizun. “In
pajamas!”

  Mrs. Ammizun tossed him a dressing
gown and shifted round to shield him
from the strange woman’s gaze while
he donned it.

  “You! My Bertie!” cried the bur-
glaress, when she saw his face.

  “Myrilla!” Ammizun, clutching at
the dressing-table for support, stared
at the ghost of his past.

  “So you are the woman who stole my
lover while I was fighting for my coun-
try in a foreign land,” hissed the bur-
glaress.

“I—” rejoined Mrs. Ammizun, re-
turning the bareful glare—‘married the
poor, deluded boy you left behind you."
Suddenly the burglaress leapt for-

121
122

Her Horrible Revenge

ward, seized her rival’s wrist and, after
a brief struggle, gained possession of
the gun.

  “Sit down.”

  Mrs. Ammizun sat and was tied fast
to the chair.

  “Now.” Myrilla thrust the pistol
into her bloomer pocket and held out
her arms to her erstwhile lover. “Come
away with me, dear,” she pleaded. “I
have enough laid by for two.”

  “You forget,” said Bertie with quiet
dignity, moving nearer to his wife.

  “Prude!” sneered the burglaress.
“You know you love me.”

  He remained silent.

  “You do,” boasted Myrilla. “And
she noticed your hesitancy in denying
it.”

  “I do not,” he disputed, paling. Vi-
sioning what the future held, he was,
for an instant, tempted to flee the wrath
to come. But the precepts of a pure
and noble father restrained him. He
shook his head.

  “What’s to hinder my taking you?”
Myrilla caught him roughly and held
him so close that her hot breath fanned
his plump pink cheeks.

  “No woman,” he said simply, realiz-
ing that only an appeal to her chivalry
could save him, “will dishonor the man
she realjy loves.”

  Myrilla’s arms dropped. “Forgive
me,” she whispered, caressing him with
her eyes. “As for you—” she turned to
Mrs. Ammizun, who writhed helplessly
in her chair—“this shall be my re-
venge.”

  Snap went the light switch.

  “Please, oh, please don’t!” sounde'd
Bertie’s pleading voice.

  Smack! Smack! The lights came
on again.

  “You never will know—” taunted the

burglaress, departing — “whether or
not your husband, instead of merely
submitting to my kisses, recipro-
cated

  Explanation

        By Virginia Biddle

VOUR face was like a wild flower,

^ I could not break the spell;

And so I kissed you in your bower,
And told you fairy tales an hour,

 And breathed a light farewell.

 And if I loved you for a day,

As summer loving goes,

—My love was Will o’ Wisp and gay
As April gold upon the spray,

Or rain upon the rose!
  James Montgomery Flagg once
again takes his brush “in hand” to paint
the cover for Saucy Stories this
month—this time he gives us his ideal
of Florence Dixon, of whom it is said,
“She is the most photographed girl in
America,” and probably you have by
this time met Miss Dixon on the screen,
as she was starred in one of the latest
James Montgomery Flagg Comedies
that Paramount are releasing, titled,
“Independence B’Gosh!” Remember ?
She had the part of maid to Sara, wife
of Horatio Whiffle—and was also
sweetheart of Horatio’s man, Sam
(Olin Howland).

  Who of us hasn’t craved for inde-
pendence ? But I am afraid we do not
know just what the word means in all
senses; maybe we can profit from the
lesson of Horatio and Sara. They were
so darned poor, it hurt. They were
happy, though they didn't know it—for
they had work, real, live, honest-to-
goodness work, but Horatio wanted in-
dependence, b’gosh.

  As sudden as a cyclone came an in-
heritance of $89,000,000 (did you know
there was that much money left after
the war?)—and here was jHoratio’s
chance to get on the inside of the inde-

pendence game, and into it he did get,
he, Sara, Sam and Lily; between eve-
ning clothes, baths, tight shoes and
nothing to do but spend money, Horatio
found he was not half so independent
as he was down in the little ole bucolic
dump, Kerchunkett, Maine, their own
home town.

  Mr. Flagg has his two unhappy, rich
and not youthful couple sneak back to
the old home, throw independence,
store clothes and shoes to the winds, or
whatever they use in the country for
discarded wearing apparel, and his
check book and bank balance he donates
to Rockefeller, who cares more for
money than anyone or anything else,
and we leave them at the end of the
second reel and a perfect day, enjoyigg
their hard-earned independence, b’gosh.

*	* *

  And now here comes Ora Carew,
heading her own company. It is be-
yond all conception where they get all
the ambition, but they get it and in its
most violent form. It takes them from
the schoolroom, yes, I might almost say
from the very laps of their mothers, up
through small parts, then on up a little
higher to perhaps a second to the lead,
then chance helps them on their way

123
124

Motion Picture Department

with a boost to the top rung of the lad-
der, “the lead”; but does ambition leave
them there? Far be it from ambition
to leave them high and dry after going
so far; not so, it takes them on up and
beyond — their wings have grown
stronger, as they achieved success, until
they are now able to soar alone.

  Ora, if she has anything, has ambi-
tion, and, it would seem, in large quan-
tity. It began to grow way back in the
old Keystone Comedy days, when Mack
Sennett, always with one comedy eye
open for a new beauty to add to his
cast, picked Ora and at the same time a
long-time contract to star in Keystone-
Triangle productions.

  Now, Ora had ambition to do more
serious work and at the end of her con-
tract did a serial for Pathe, which is
not yet released. Don’t you remember
the splendid work she did opposite
Wallace Reid in “Too Many Millions”?
Which proves that Ora’s ambition was
guiding her in the right direction. Also,
must I mention her work with Tom
Moore, in “Go West, Young Man.” It
is small wonder that Ora and her am-
bition felt she could “go it alone,” so
after finishing her picture with Tom,
she was out on location filming the first
scenes of her premier as a lone star.
We have not yet been advised re-
garding the release or name of this
picture.

  Ora Carew hails from that salty
State, Utah, yea, even from Salt Lake
City, by which we do not insinuate any-
thing. She is pretty enough for any
old State to be proud of; a quantity of
rich dark hair, and big brown eyes, al-
though I think a trifle too serious; but
that is perhaps due to the viewpoint she
has of anything she undertakes—with
her, whatever she is doing claims all
the best that is in her. That is why
Ora will make a sure bet as a star.
Like all live girls, she can swim, dance
and ride horseback.

  Along comes Olive Thomas, with am-
bition all out of breath trying to keep
up with her. Olive has so long been
associated with Triangle and surround-
ed with such poor material, it is good
to have her try her own wings and
place herself in hands that will of a
surety make the most of her talents and
rare beauty. For Olive is beautiful—
she is like an artistically cut cameo,
pink and white, and glorious hair that
matches her slumberous eyes; to de-
scribe the color of those eyes is impos-
sible—they are blue, brown, grey, and
all of these blended.

  Myron Selznick, son of that well-
known Select Pictures producer, is go-
ing to be responsible for just what
Olive will do for us in the future. “Up
Stars and Down” will have been re-
leased ere this—it’s a dainty bit, like
Olive, and for her first picture was well
chosen. Her next, a story from the
pen of one of Saucy Stories’ constant
contributors, The story ran as a serial
in Saucy Stories in the early Spring
of last year—“The Spite Bride.” It is
an ideal story for Olive, and I am anx-
iously looking forward to its release.

*	* *

  Do not fail to see Mitchell Lewis,
Select Pictures star, in “Children of
Banishment,” adapted for the screen
from the well-known novel of the same
name, by Francis William Sullivan.
The picture is under the direction of
Norval MacGregor, who, in his earlier
days, was leading man and later director
and manager for Nance O’Neil. A
great call has been made for the return
of Mitchell Lewis as a star—the public
had not forgotten his excellent work in
“The Barrier,” “The Bar Sinister” and
“The Sign Invisible”; these placed
Lewis in the high ranks as a portrayer
of half-caste types, but his ability is
versatile and he has been given a variety
of roles since then, that proved him
worthy of more pleasurable stories.
Motion Picture Department

125

  Select were awake to a future with
Mitchell Lewis in features that will
bring out all the bigness of his person-
ality and evenly balanced screen acting.
He is big and wholesome—one feels his
bigness when meeting him personally.
He has dark brown hair, that sort of
crisps over his head, and eyes that
match in color. He is a powerful
swimmer and a lover of horses. In
“Children of Banishment” he gives us
the best work of his career as a screen
artist.

*	* *

  A unique little folder containing some
interesting bits of gossip about a certain
sprightly little star came to me this
morning. On its cover are the words,
“Bessie Barriscale to Ye Photoplay
Editor.” Its contents are as unique as
the cover, and I cannot resist quoting
some of them to you. Since Bessie has
been under the direction of her very
own husband, Howard Hickman, an en-
tirely new screen star has evolved be-
for eour eyes, which all goes to prove
what I have been trying to prove to
others, that the director has a lot and
then some to do with the success or
failure of a screen story.

  Under the caption of “Honey” fol-
lows this—“Just how they fell to talking
about bees and honey and the Padres
nobody knows, but Bessie Barriscale
astonished her party by her knowledge
of bees. It was lunch hour for the
Barriscale company on location near
Redlands, when somebody said:

  “ ‘The Old Mission honey made of
orange blossoms, that the Padres used
to clarify and put up in jars was the
most famous honey in the world. It
was the very heart’s blood of the blos-
som.’ ”

  “ ‘There is a kind of honey even
sweeter, more fragrant and more de-
licious,’ said Bessie B., ‘and that is
honey made from the blossom of 'the
mesquite. It is heavenly and Arizona

is the place to get it, and that reminds
me of a story an old Indian told me
of the ways of bees. According to his
lore the humble bee is the farmer of the
bee family. He is easy going, good
natured and a hard w'orker, but he has
one fatal weakness—he loves to have
his back rubbed.

  “ ‘The honey-be^ knows this and often
when they meet him coming home laden
with honey, they will engage him in
friendly conversation and while one
soothes him into blissful repose by rub-
bing his back, two or three others rob
him of every smidgeon of honey he had
worked all day to gather.’

  “ ‘All of which goes to show,’ said
B. B., ‘that you can always get a man
through his weakness—’ Bessie ought
to know—but— ‘Is bumble bee honey
good to eat?’ Bessie replies, ‘the field
mice will tell you that is.’ ”

  Another caption—“Busy Bees,” heads
this—“Bessie Barriscale is always tell-
ing stories on somebody else, so it’s only
fair to tell one on Bessie. A lady who
had known this blonde lady since in-
fancy, relates this story:

  “Bessie was a member of the infant
class at Sunday School and at a picnic
given by her class, the teacher was tak-
ing advantage of their woodsy location
to tell them something about trees.
“ ‘Now, who can tell me the name of
this tree?’ she asked as the class ap-
proached a weeping willow.

  “No one knew except Bessie. ‘Well,
Bessie ?’ asked the teacher, to which
Bessie replied:

  “ ‘It’s a weeping widow.’ ” That
will be(e) about all.

*	* *

  They were filming “The Bondage of
Barbara,” the new starring vehicle for
Mae Marsh, at the Goldwyn studio. It
was the scene where Barbara’s brother
is imprisoned in the attic of a road-
house and faces a greater peril unless he
is freed. So long as he is kept in hid-
126

Motion Picture Department

ing a burglary will be charged against
him—a crime for which Barbara has
already paid the price. She must enter
the roadhouse without attracting notice
and remain in his place.

  She was dressed in boy’s clothes and
shinned up the pole that led to the roof,
gaining this, she made her way cat-like
to the window and stole up to the attic,
where she carried out her plan, and the
sight of Miss Marsh shortening the dis-
tance between herself and the roof, with
all the skill of an agile boy—or a burg-
lar, was certainly an interesting and sur-
prising moment. The funny part of it
was, that she was so absolutely ab-
sorbed in her character of the moment,
a boy, that it was impossible to think
of her as a girl, in fact, she explains
this unusual situation. “Wearing trous-
ers was a novelty and had a psychologi-
cal effect on me. I couldn’t have been
feminine had I wanted to. I just had
to be a thoroughgoing urchin.”

  This scene comes toward the end of
the picture and brings about a surpris-
ing climax and the exciting scene fol-
lowing Barbara’s discovery by the
"willuns” results in a conflict no less
novel than her porch climbing—but that
is another story and one which I believe
you would rather “see” for your-
selves.

*	* *

  I	visited the Harold Lockwood studio
just before his death, when they were
taking the last scenes for his big Metro-
Screen Classics picture, “The Great
Romance,” which has been recently re-
leased. It was an enormous set, repre-
senting the ball-room of a palace in a
mythical kingdom and was nearly one
hundred feet in length and about fifty
wide. Every available foot of space
on the studio was taken up with this
scene. The floor was of fine Carrara
marble effect, big wide entrances hung
with heavy plush curtains and overhead
great crystal chandeliers, one of them

hung over the center of the scene, be-
ing nine feet in diameter.

  At one end of the room was a winding
grand stairway of four landings, and
in keeping with the scheme, the stairs
also gave the appearance of marble.
Over one hundred people were used
in the set, staging a masked ball. This
picture will long stand as a memo-
rial to the memory of Harold Lock-
wood. It was the best and last work of
his screen career, and this picture proves
an old adage, that “the works of great
men live after them,” and, although
Harold was not what one would call a
“a great man,” yet he had gathered un-
limited admirers not only of his work
but of his personality, and I for one,
am glad of “The Great Romance.”

*	* *

  Here is a little “close-up” of Gladys
Leslie, Vitagraph’s enchanting little
screen star. Gladys hails from New
York and is a product of Washington
Irving High School and Columbia Uni-
versity—good work in minor parts must
mean but one thing—that a producer
would one day see her and capture
Gladys and her fluffy light hair and
laughing brown eyes. This is just what
Albert Smith, president of Vitagraph
did, and she is now their bright particu-
lar star.	•

  Not only is Gladys lovely to look
upon, but she has the ability to convey
real spirit and meaning to her character-
izations—she is the embodiment of
youth and a real, live invitation to be
happy, also she is appropriately called,
“girl with the million dollar smile.”
Gladys has for her latest Vitagraph
picture “Fortune’s Child.” She is a lit-
tle boarding house waif, whose faith in
her tattered book of fairy tales keeps
alive her belief in the world's goodness,
and after a series of most remarkable
adventures her dreams come true and
the Knight of the book comes and takes
her away. There is every reason to
Motion Picture Department

127

prophesy that Gladys Leslie will in the
future become more and more famous
and acquire a goodly string of “fans”
from Coast to Coast.

* * *

  “And now they are asking for my
shoes”—this is what Ruth Roland com-
plains of her “fans.” “They have asked
me for almost everything under the sun,
from a five-dollar-a-week annuity to a
tractor with a gang plow equipment for
use on the farm—but the most interest-
ing thing I have ever been asked for
was a complete outfit for a set of trip-
lets from a father and mother in the
Middle West—fancy that, now,” and
Ruth’s merry laugh resounded all over
the place, “but this last, a fad as prev-
alent as the ‘flu,’ has captured the Pa-
cific Coast, shoe collecting.”

  “Who started it and why ?”

  “Oh, it seems a Second Lieut, ?d-
mirer of a certain screen star, was
presented with a pair of her shoes for
a souvenir, and since then he conceived
the idea of making a collection of ‘pic-
ture shoes’ or shoes worn by the screen
actresses during certain pictures—did
you ever hear of a such a silly fad—
but it has spread all over out here, why,
if I were to fill all the requests I have
for my shoes, I would have to go bare-
footed the rest of my natural life.”
“But what did you do about the
outfit for the triplets, did they
get it?”

  “Well, I should rather say they did
and my blessing as weir, for I am a firm
believer in families, but, perhaps, if you
publish that, I will be overwhelmed with
requests for outfits to all the triplets
born in America, but at that, I think it
far more commendable than furnishing
shoes to soldiers, don’t you?” I do.

*	* *

  Did you ever know that William Des-
mond, late of Triangle fame, was a
“liar?” He is, and what is more he is
a “prodigal liar.” You will say, that I

certainly have an iron-clad nerve to
come out in print with such a state-
ment, but if you don’t believe it go to
see him in his newest, very newest re-
lease presented by Jesse D. Hampton,
under whose management our old
friend is now working. The name of
this very entertaining picture is “The
Prodigal Liar.” Now, will you take
back those cruel words you just now
hurled at my head?

  If you are a “Billy” Desmond “fan”
you will enjoy his new picture immense-
ly and, moreover, you will certainly en-
joy the splendid work of Betty Comp-
son, late of Mack Sennett comedies. It
is one marvel after another, how these
comedy girls turn out to be first rate
actresses in serious roles, but Betty car-
ries the part of “Hope” evenly and con-
sistently all the way through, and
“Billy” seemed to actually enjoy work-
ing with her. That is, if one could
judge from the complacent expression
as he rested his head on Betty’s lovely
young knees.

  “Hope” is a “Down East” girl who
consumed paper novels depicting life in
the great wide West. She was so full
of romance there wasn’t room for much
else but dreams of a western hero, a
gambler or even a murderous hold-up
man, almost any man in that line of
business, who would answer to her vi-
sion of Bill Hart.

  Hope inherits money and at once
communicated with an uncle who owned
a ranch out West, and at the same time
made it quite clear that she was anxious
to mix right up into the wildest experi-
ences he could provide.

  It so happened that the only real bad
man in Chapparal was locked up safely,
or so they thought, and the girl had to
be provided with the right stage setting
—and here it is that Billy Desmond, in
the person of Percival Montgomery
Jenks, comes into the plot. “Monte,”
as his best friends called him, finally
128

Motion Picture Department

after much persuasion, allowed himself
to impersonate the "tumble” bad man,
who hid in a cave and stole horses and
killed and everything, yes he did.
About the same time the real bad man
escaped from the plaster of paris jail
by a great feat of strength and the help
of a file, which he had the forethought
to bring with him to jail.

  Ah, ha, he comes upon our now thor-
oughly in love couple and overhears the
lies upon lies that “Monte” is recount-
ing to Hope, of his desperate deeds and
marvelous escapes from the law. Poor
Hope doesn’t want to marry a man
with such unsafe habits, however ro-
mantic they may seem, so he tells her
he has what is called “aphasia.” My
gentlemen readers will recognize it as a
well worn and ancient alibi—however,
Bill can be cured, so her uncle tells her,
by inflicting a blow on his head. Well,
she hits him all right and at the same
time gets carried away not with, but
by the bad man, who drags her by her
arm pits and the aid of a handy pony
far, far up into the mountains. Of
course she is rescued by our hero and
she forgives him his dreadful lies and
they marry, always supposing they live
happy ever after.

  If you were to ask me to describe
Pathe’s release of the newest Rolin
Comedy, “Hoot Mon,” with Stan
Laurel, I would say it is a refreshing
Scotch highball with a dash of “pep.”
Stan Laurel, as you know, is the Eng-
lish comedian who has acted in a merry
series of comedies for Rolin Comedy,
keeps up a lively tempo, though at times
a trifle unsteady, but withal, it is full of
laughs and kilties and pretty Rolin girls
in kilties and also has room for that
ample and expansive comedienne, Mar-
garet Joslyn, who is one of the best
comedy actresses the screen has ever
produced. Way back in Essanay times,
when they were producing the Snake-
ville comedies, with Victor Potel, I re-
member her and have often wished she
was not so infrequent in pictures.

  Much of the action of “Hoot Mon”
centers around Ye Blue Coo Inn, where
all sorts of Scotch is served to all sorts
of Scots, most of which is hot, both the
Scotch and the Scots.

*	* *

  If any of my readers have a favorite
screen player of whom they would like
to knoiv more, it will give me great
pleasure to introduce them more inti-
mately to their hero or shero.
ADVERTISING

«

CELECT your own _ ,
v-' subject — love, patriotism
—write what the heart dictates,
then submit your poem to us.

We write the music and guarantee publish-
er's acceptance. Our leading composer is

Mr. Leo Friedman

one of America's well-known musicians, the author
of many song successes, such as “Meet Me Tonight
in Dreamland," “Let Me Call You Sweetheart
“When I Dream of Old Erin." and others the sales
of which ran into millions of copies. Send as many poems
as you wish. Don't Delay. Cet Busy— Quick.

mi-KiTH

Superfluous
Hair Remover

 J Tho only treatment ihot will romovo
 permanently all

 SUPERFLUOUS HAIR

    fmm the face or any part of body with-
    out leaving a mark on the most delicate
    skin. Removes entire hair roots and destroys the hair dn<-t.

    No electric needle, burning caustics, or powders used. Free
    booklet also lists our exclusive preparations for beautifying
    skin and hair.

          DR. MARGARET RUPPERT
  1112-14 Chestnut St.. Suite 70-72-73. Phlla. U. S. A. ■
  L:*tabU*hrd 22 yeatn. Phone—Walnut 7021	J

Reduce Your Fat

On any part of the body from 2 to 4 inches in 3 weeks with
one jar of Cosl Obesity Cream. - External. Absolutely harm-
less. No starving: no massaging: no exercising nor taking
dangerous drugs. Have the modish figure. You’ve tried the
I test, now try the Bc.'t. Price S7.00. post paid.

At department stores and Dept. <4E”

Currie & Currie, 2803 Ave. G, Brooklyn, N.Y.,Kenmore 4842

  SEXUAL
  KNOWLEDGE

             320 Pages Illustrated Cloth

                    Uy WINFIKLU SCOTT IIAM.. M.D., Ph. D.

SEX FACTS MADE PLAIN

               What every young: man and

               Every young woman should know
               What every young; husband and
               Every young wife should know
               What every parent should know
               7W« content I «£ <wm mmdatiuiig on rr<i nest
               AMERICAN PUB. CO. 557 Winston Bldg.. Philadelphia

New Method Makes Music
        Amazingly Easy to Learn

Learn to Play or Sing—Every Step Made Simple as A B C

TRY IT ON APPROVAL

Entire Cost Only a Few Cents a Lesson—and
Nothing Unless Satisfied

                      How often have you wished
                    that you knew how to play
                    the violin or piano—or what-
                    ever your favorite instrument
                    may be—or that you could
                    take part in singing?

 How many an evening’s
 pleasure has been
 utterly spoiled and
 1 ruined by the ad-
 "* mission “I can't
 sing,” or ";\o, 1 am sorry, but I can’t
 play.”

  And now—at last—this pleasure and
 satisfaction that you have so often
 wished for can easily be added to your
 daily life.

    No need to Join a class. No need to pay a dol-
 lar or more i*>r lesson to a private teacher. Neither
 tho question of time nor expense Is any longer a bar—every one
 >r the obstacles that have been confining your enjoyment to mere
 listening have now been removed.

   My method of teaching music by mail—In your spare time at
 home, with no strangers around to embarrass you—makes it amaz-
 ingly easy to 1™™ to sing by note or to plav any instrument.

    You don't need to know Uie first thing about music to begin—
 don't need to know one note from another. My method takes out
 all the hard part—overcomes all tho difficulties—makes your prog-
 ress easy, rapid and sure.

Whether for an advanced pupil or a beginner, my method is a
revolutionary improvement over the old methods used by private

   For Beginners or     
   Advanced Pupils      
Plano     Harmony and   
Organ     Composition   
Violin    Sight Singing 
Viola     Guitar        
Banjo     Ukelele       
Mandolin  Harp          
Clarinet  Cornet        
          Piccolo       
Flute     Trombone      
Saxophone Cello         
  teachers. The lessons I send you explain even* point and show
  every step In simple Prlnt-and-Plcturo Term that you can’t go
  wronfi on—every step Is made as clear as A B C.

    My method is as thorougli as it is easy. I teach you tho only
  right way—teach you to play or 9ing by note. No ’‘trick’* music,
  no "numbers.” no makeshifts of any kind.

    I call my method "new” simply because it is so radically dif-
  ferent from the old and hard-to-understand ways of teaching music.
  But my method Is thoroughly time-tried and proven. Over 225.000
  successful pupils—from boys and girls of 7 and 8 to men and
  women of 70—are tho proof.

    Largely through the recommendations of satisfied pupils. I have
  built up the largest school of music in the world.

    To prove what I say. you can take any course on trial—singing
                or any instrument you prefer—and judge entirely by your own
                progress. If for any reason you are not satisfied with the course
                or with what you learn from it. then it won’t cost
                you a slnglo penny. I guarantee satisfaction. On
                the other hand, if you are pleased with the course,
                the total cost amounts to only a few cents a lesson,
                with your music and everything also included.
                When learning to play or sing is so easy, why /
                continue to confine your enjoyment of music /
                to mere listening? Why not at least let ✓
                me send you my free book that tells you »
                all about my methods. I know you will ' M
                find this book absorbingly Interesting. S Qavid
                simply because It shows you how easy / p Kemp
                It is to turn your wish to play or / Prealdent
                sing Into an actual fact. Just now > u. S. School
                I am making a special short- ' 0f Mualc
                time offer that cuts the cost /
                per lesson in two—send your / 1215 Brvaiwicfc 8ld|.
                name now. before this spe- /
                cial offer is withdrawn. No obligation

 Hew Yark City

 —simply uso the coupon or send your / frep^hook801T^*"
 name and address in a letter or on , sons in YmirOw-n Home.”
 a postcard.	✓ a n d particulars of

                                         Special Offei.

 /

 your

 U.S. School of Music /num.

 1235 Brunswick Bldg.

    New York

 Address.

✓ City...............State.

In answering advertisements, please mention SAUCY STORIES
ADVERTISING

  llfOU TOOeonhcife U

 thatSojt^

 ~-JFiosy

 v \Ieluety
 Complexion

Your Complexion Mars or Makes

Your Appearance

  This &reat beauty marvel has instantly produced a
sensation. Stubborn cases have been cured that baf-
fled physicians for years. You have never in all
your life used anything like it. Makes muddy com-
plexions, red spots, pimples, blackheads, eruptions
vanish almost like mafcic. No cream, lotion, enamel,
salve, plaster, bandage, mask, massage, diet, or ap-
paratus, nothing to swallow. It doesn't matter
whether or not your complexion is "awful," whether

Kur face is full of muddy spots, peppery black-
ads, embarassin& pimples^nd eruptions, or wheth-
er your skin is rou&h and “porey”,and you’ve tried
almost everything under the sun to feet rid of the
blemishes. This wonderful treatment in just 10 days,
positively beautifies your skin in a marvelous way.

     Blemishes Removed Quickly
and Permanently
You look years younger. It fcives the sldn tne
bloom and tint of purity of a freshly-blown rose.
In ten days you can be the subject of wild admiration
by all your friends, no matter what your a&e or con-
dition of health. All methods now known are cast
aside. Your face, even arms, hands, shoulders, are
beautified beyond your fondest dreams. All this I
will absolutely prove to you before your own eyes
in your mirror in 10 days. This treatment is very
pleasant to use. A few minutes every day does it.

  Let me tell you about this really astounding treat-
ment free. You take no risk—send no money—just
your name and address and I will fcive you full par-
ticulars by next mail—Free.

    PEARL LA SAGE, Inc.

Suite 744 , 4325 Drexel Blvd., Chicago

Including

10-Piece Manicuring Set $1.

Sicud^-kmd

Makes Nails Healthy

      . *h ett VVhatever else you use for your nails you need
      / ■» Gladhand Nail Ilea 1th. too. It not only smooths
      ' J and softens the cuticle, facilitating its removal
      without cutting, but is a treatment for ridged,
      lluied, cracked, or discolored nails. Imparts an
      enameled finish that stays on despite washings.
      Gladhand is but one of the desirable products in
      this remarkably complete, though inexpensive outfit.
      I It contains every requisite for 100 complete mani-
      / cures, including Gladhand Nail Health, nail enamel,
      nail bleach, chamois buffer, nail Hie. etc. You may
      have Gladhand Nail Health alone in large jar for 25
      cents, postpaid. Or. entire set sent in serviceable
      telescope box. postpaid, for $1.00. Guaranteed satis-
      factory—or money refunded. This introductory olfer
      soon to be withdrawn. Order today.

IVOWT MANICURE SPECIALTY CO.. 852 Broadway, 103A. Brooklyn. M.T.

SEX KNOWLEDGE

A 276 page illustrated book which gives all the sex in-
formation you should have in a wholesome and clean way.
Sent prepaid in plain wrapper, for 85c.

MODERN BOOK CO.. Drpi. IZOS. 32 Union Sq.. N. Y. C.

Dorit Marry

Until You Read

    * /

\These PrivaleLessons On

SEX FORCE

     To anyone contemplating marriage, the great
     value of these wonderful lessons on Sex Force can
     not be overestimated. Sex Force is the most vital
     power of attraction. When properly understood and con-
     trolled. as theno lessons dearly teach, it makes men noble*
     virile and attractive: women beautiful, ewcct and lovable*
     and paves the way for happy marriages.

      These private leeao&8. now for tho first timo published
      in book form, impart sox secrets that every mnn and wo-
      man should know. It is th*. only work published that breaks
      down the criminal nilonco concerning Sex—that rises above
      LypocrUy and divests tho aubject of all uncleanliness.

Priceless Truths You Should Know

      Chapters covering Preparations for Entering Wedlock;
      Important Problems of the newly married: Duties of Hus-
      band and Wife: Secrets of Sex-Anatomy: Sex PhyHiology
      and Psychology; Sex Control: Sex Morality: Evolution of
      Marriage: Fall and Rise of Woman; Mistakes of tho Bride
      Broom; Unusual Theories of Sex-Life: Standards of Sex-
      Morality; and hundreds of special subjects that every
      young man, young woman, young husbands and wives,
      fathers, mothers and teachers should know.

     Snorlol	*or a short timo only, these remarkablo

              llUW private lessons will be sent to any ad-
      dress prepaid for only SI.10. Endorsed by highest author-
      ities—educators, clergymen, doctors. Order today. Youo
      money refunded if you are not more than satisfied. _

     CD T T Send at onro for large folder giving full
     • fci description and table of contents.

      But to bo sure of securing your copy of Private Lesion*
      —Bond your remittances of SI. 10 now—TODAY.

           ADVANCED THOUGHT PUBLISHING CO.

Dept. 548 004 Masonic Temple Chicago, III*

Write the Words for a Song.

     revise poems, write music and guarantee to secure pub-
lication. Submit pocins on any subject.

BROADWAY STUDIOS
120D Fitzgerald Bldg., Broadway at 43rd St., New York

IM a little blue tonight, ” the pretty
cabaret dancer told
Knowland, seeing at a
(:*fj&g|>a. glance he was a small-
town man "1 use<* to
& u o* gather daisies, and carry
•P ® milk in, and feed the
chickens.” She broke off
with a little laugh that held a note of
weariness in it. “I thought you were
from out of town and lonely, too, that’s
why I joined you.”

   Of course Knowland did not guess
that she usually began this way with
his type. He forgot Helena waiting for
him at home.

  “A Bit of Crochet,”

by Hale Merriman, is the story of
Knowland, Helena his wife, and the
dancer who used to gather daisies, and
will be published in the June SAUCY

STORIES.

In answering advertisements, please mention SAUCY STORIES
ADVERTISING

             TiTrnB On low as $5.00 down and $2.30
per month. Mandolin. Guitar. Tenor Banjo
or Guitar I’.an jo sont on approval. Liberal a I low -
nco on old instruments in excnanjro for the "Gibson."
t our new Fro© Book—112 i>a*es. Ill illustraUona.
jio information for player and teacher. Explain* won-
new violin construction with carvcd and graduated
id Back and Stradivariaa Arching. Also free treatise
^ on How to l’ractico.

(Teach and sell theGibson
I Make $1800 to $5000
\ or More a Year

In answering advertisements, please mention SAUCY STORIES

^	SEND NO MONEY. Any Lyon Diamond shipped

         ■ ■ for lnsiiectlon. charges prepaid. Examine core- ^E9cx&
fully—If satisfied pay 1-5 of price and keep It—
balance 10?# monthly. If unsatisfactory, return ut our esi>eiise. DON’T
PAY A CENT unless you're convinced Lyon Diamonds aro SUPERIOR
VALU E. Binding guarantee with each Diamond. ExehanReable at YEARLY
INCREASE 111 VALUE Of S'r. Send TODAY for FREE Catalog No. 4 GL. 10‘ J,
Dlscrmnt on all cash Purchases. J. M. LYON & CO.. I Malden Lane, N.Y.

 Produces results. Guaranteed
 You will be delighted with it.
 Koppel’s Studio, 58M West 40th

 141 L. C. & M. Bldg.

 Farmington, Mich.

  Delivered YOU FREE

     Your choice of 44 styles, colors and sizes in tho

     famous line of "RANGER" bicycles, shown in full
     color in the big new Free Catalog. We pay all tho
     freight charges from Chicago to your town.

    30 Days Free Trial bicycle you se-

     \ lect, actual riding test in your own town for a
      full month. Do not buy until you get our great
      new trial offer and low Factory-Direct-To-
      Rider terms and prices. *

     TipCC LAMPS. HORNS, pedals, single
     I mb') wheels and repair parts for all makes
     of bicycles at half usual prices. No one else can
     offer you such values and such terms.

      SEND NO MONEY but write today for thobi®
      new Catalog. It's free.	^

   up An CYCLE COMPANY
   ITT HU Dept. A.?23, Chicago

 Rldor
 Agents
 Wanted

LET ME TELL YOU

 how to gain the success you have so long de-
 sired; how to gain a winning personality; how
 to improve your memory. Our course in per-
 sonal efficiency has helped thousands to get
 more out of life and it will do the same for you. Write
 today for first lesson FREE.

THE MARAYN EFFICIENCY COMPANY

 Dept. E Pacific Building_San Francisco

 “GROWDINA.”

 perfectly harmless.
 Price $5.00. Mile.
 St.. New York City.

Send for my Book

Improve Your Face By Making Faces

25c coin or stamps

This book contain* tj complete counc of (nstruc-
tions in PhyRical Vulture lor the facc.

  More than 90.000 persons are following these
  Instructions to-day. They will do more to build
  beauty than all tho paint and powder in the
  world, for they get right at tho root of your
  facial defects and overcome them.

 Not simple or silly. Just physical culture
 applied to the facial muscles; tonmion-sense—
 that's all. If you want to Improve your looks,
 send 25 cents for the book, to-day. at once,
 while it's on your mind.

PROF. ANTHONY BARKER
Studio 5160, 127 West d2nd St.; New York CHy

  POPULARITY FOLLOWS Til

UKULEUB

   If you play f|uaint, tlrcatny. Hawaiian tnuil
   or'iatnat tongs on tbs UkuWle you will li
   everywhere.	teach l.y mall 'Jf.

   ■Imple lessons. fclve tou Ire* wllh every
   OOUIM a K«uulno Hawaiian Ukulele,
   muaio. averythlnn-no extra*. Ask
   us to een-i the story of Hawaiian
   tnu»io. Von wlllI ov« it No obliga-
   ti nn-ataolntely tire.

   The Hawaiian 1 Rsfituleof M«ic'

   1400 B<oarfway.Sui(e2605 N.Y.C.

 ^nnrt Writare • Submit your song-poems now for freo examlna-
 OOllg WilterS . uon aiuj advice. Valuable booklet explaining
 our original methods of revising, composing, copyrighting and facil-
 itating free publication or outright sale of songs, SENT FREE on
 postal request. I.earn tho truth from a reliable, successful concern.
 Satisfaction guaranteed.

 KNICKERBOCKER STUDIOS, 141 Qolety Bldg., Now York Cl«y

High School
Course in
Two Years.

    Lack of Hitrh School training bars yoo from a
    successful business career. This simplified ana
    complete Hieh School Course—specially prepared
    for homo study by leading professors—meete all
    requirements for entrance to college and tho lead-

 [a Ai1tatr^om«er°what your business
 ISVCV inclinations may be. you can't
 hope to succeed without spe-
 cialized training. Let us givo
 you the practical training you
 itisfacti*

urses

 of

               ized training.

                       :tical

_____ _______ guarantei___

 and mail Coupon for Free Bulletin.

 need. Satisfaction

AMERICAN SCHOOL
   Correspondence
   Depl.H 1225 Chicago

 Check

 Please Bond mo booklot and tell me h»wr
 1 can lit myself toe tho position marked X

 .........High School Coarse

 .........Electrical Engineer

 .........Telephone Engineer

 .........Architect

 .........Draftsman

 .........Building Contractor

 .........Structural Engineer

 .........Mechanical Engineer

 .........Civil Engineer

 .........Steam Engineer

 .........Shop Superintendent

.........Lawyer

 .........Business Manager

 .........Auditor

 .........Certified Public Acc'nt

 .........Stenographer

 .........Bookkeeper

 .........Fire Ins. Adjuster

 .........Sanitary Engineer

 .......Automobile Engineer
ADVERTISING

G-Piece Set nj? slij

      )	mSSbgmtr "	$

| Fumed Solid Oak	SFj

A Room Full of Furniture

                                    Send only $1.00 and we will ship you this handsome 6-piece library set. Only

                                         SI.00 down, and then $2.60 per month, or $24^0 in all. A positively Btaggermg value, and one
                                         Of the biggest bargains we have ever offered. Look at this massive set, clip the coupon be-
                                         low and havo it shipped on approval. Then Bee for yourself what a beautiful set it is. It
                                         yuu do not like it. return it m 30 days and wo will return your money. All you have to ao

    DOWN yoaL........... ....................................

                         is send tho coupon with $1.00. This magnificent library set is not shown in our regular catalog. 1 he value
                         is so wonderful und the demand so great that there aren't enough to go around, so send today sure, hither
                         have set sent for you to see, or tell ua to mail catalog.

                         £ Piprpc This Boperb slx-pleco library eot la made of selected solid onk throughout, finished. 1° rich, d°ll waxed brown
                         %9 neces fumed ^ Lurgo arm rocker and cum chair ace 86 Incnee bisfa. Beal* W X 19 inches. Hewlmr rockeC
                         and reception chair ore 86 Inches high, eenta 17 x 17 Incboa. All four pi.>cea aro luxuriously padded. aeata urnol s trrea
                         In brown Imitation Spanish leather. Library tablo has 24 x 34 Inch top, wiib rooiny tnacazine shelf below, and beautifully
                         desitcnvd ends. Jardiniero etaiid ineaaurea 17 inches bbih, with 12 Inch top. Clip the coupon below, and Bend It loua with
                         w«- will nblp thoentire net of alxpleers. subject to your approval. No C.O.D. ShippedK.D. WeshlpK.so as to
                         much an onr-half of the freight chare**. Easy to s«C up. Weight about 176 pound*. No discount tor cash. Order by
                         No. B5186A. *1.00 cash, 52.50 monthly. Total price, 524.90. Pi^cca notnold separately.

Act Now—While This Special Offer Lasts!

Don’t wait a day longer. Sit down today and send In coupon for this 6-pieco Fumed Solid Oak Library Set.. For a limited time only aro
wo able toofTer you this stupendous bargain. Prices, as you know, on everything aro going up, up, up. 11 is impossible to tell just what
day it will be necessary for us to increase the price of this wonderful Fumed Solid Oak Library Set. So act, but act quickly. Fill out coupon,
send it to ua with first email payment and wo‘11 ship you thi3 wonderful 6-picce Fumed Solid Oak Library Set. Pieces not solctoeparately.

Easy Payments!

 Open an account with us. We trust honest

 people, no matter where you live. Send for this
 wonderful bargain Bhown above or choose from
 our big catalog. One prico to all, cash or credit.
 No discount for cash. Not ono penny extra
 for credit. Positively no discount from these
 sensational prices and no C. O. D.

                                  Our guar-
                                  antee pro-
                                  tects you.

30 Days’Trial tcc„

 If not perfectly satisfied, return tho article at our
 expense within SO days and get your money back—
 also any freight you paid. Could anyoiler be fairer7

Free Bargain Catalog

 Shows thousands of bargains in furniture,
 jewelry, carpets, rugs, curtains, silverware,
 atovos, porch nnd lawn furniture, women 9,

 Bien'tf children’s wearing apparel.

STRAUS &SCHRAM Dept.1794 Chicago

Send This Coupon

Along with

 11.00 to us now.

 Have this fine
 library set shipped on 30 days’
 trial. We will also send our
 big Bargain Catalog list-
 ing thousands of araaz- *
 ing bargains. Only a f
 small first payment .♦ Namt
 and balance in month- .♦
 ly payments forany- Addrcu...
 tiling you want. J
 Send coupon now.

     W. 35th St.

FreeTrialCoupon

STRAUS & SCHRAM. (Inc.)

Dept. 1794 W. 35th St., Chicago

     Enclosed ..na SI .00. Ship special advertised
     _-i ioc« Finned Oak Library Suite. 1 am to hnvo
     .w 80 days’ free trial. If 1 keep tl e suite I will pay
     yon S2.G0 monthly. If not aati»0ed. 1 am to return
     the suite within 3(1 days and you ara to refund 09
     money and freight chances I paid.

Li 6-Piece Library Set, No. B5186A. $24.90

♦♦ D

Post Office..............................................JState........................

      If you ONLY want catalog put X In box below

      □ Furniture and Stoves □ Jewelry D Cream Separators
      □ Men's, Women's and Children's Clothing □ Paints (J H00603

In answering advertisements, please mention SAUCY STORIES
What Makes Men
of Blood and Iron?

Men of Stamina, Force
and Success—Men
Who Lead The Way

Physician Explains Secret of
Strong Nerves, Keen Active
Brains and Great Physical
Energy—says:

Nuxated Iron Helps Put Strength and
  Energy Into The Veins of Men

  It is the men of blood and iron—on a par
with the war-hardened fellows returning from
camp and field—-who will forge ahead in the
business and political life of the country to-
day. Living in the open, eating coarse foods
and leading regular lives have made blood
rich in iron for these strong, healthy, vigor-
ous specimens of manhood. But no such
opportunity for building tip their health i~
open to thousands of men and women in
civil life whose wearing task- and iron-
impoverished food sap their energy and
make them weak, anaemic and run-down
and often cause their blood to literally
starve for want of iron.

   In commenting upon tlie probability "f build-
ins’ up •* stronger race of people by increasing
the supply of iron in their blood, Ur. (ieorge H.
linker, formerly Physician and Surgeon. Mon-
mouth Memorial Hospital of New Jersey, says:
"Iron is absolutely necessary to change food in"i
living tissue, muscle and brain. Without iron there
can he no strong, red-blooded men or healthy,
rosy-cheeked women, and unless this strength-
giving iron i- obtained from the food we eat it
must he supplied in some form that is -asily ab-
sorbed and a»imilated. Refilled foods and mod-

w:

Will War Help Make New Race of
Super-Men With Strength and En-
durance Like Athletes of Old?

 •tii methods of cooking have robbed us of much
 of the iron which Nature intended we should re-
 ceive. For supplying this deficiency, and increas-
 ing the red blood corpuscles, I know of nothing
 more effective than organic iron—Nuxated Iron."

   If you are not strong or well you owe it to
 yourself to make the following test: See how
 long you can work or how far you can walk with-
 out becoming tired. Next take two ,five-graitl
 tablet- of ordinary Nuxated Iron three.'times per
 day after meals for two weeks. Then lest your
 strength again and see how much you have gained.

    Man-cfmti-kkhs' Sim.. Knxateil Iron, wliicli :s pro-
 scribed and recommended above, i- not a st-or.i remedy
 but one which i- mil known to druggist* everywhere.
 Vrilikc tho older inorganic iron products, it i- easily as-
 similated and does not injure the teeth, make them black,
 nor upset the stomach. The manufacturers I'liarantce suc-
 cessful and entirely satisfactory results to ry purchaser
 «»r they will refund your money. Ii i~ lispetisod by all

 good druggists.

msnnixnsn

For Red Blood, Strength and Endurance

                                        CHARLES FRANCIS PRESS, NEW VORK
 Send the Coupon

-Well send you

a Lachnite

No.7A1410

  This loiid gold soli-
  taire b the most pop-
  ular ladies’ rinK in the
  world. Beautifully fin-
  ished. the essence of
  good tustc. Sotting ia

  0	flashing I.achnitc
  Gera weighing about

  1	curnt.

 Price	518.75

 Dopor.it	4.75

 Monthly	2.50

 No. 7A1504

  This solid gold ring i9
  nhnpcd :irit! tio -hi d by
  hand. No (im'rormore
  fashionable ring could
  be made. It is set with
  a brilliunt Lachmto
  Gem weighing about
  & carat.

 Price	$18.75

 Deposit	4.75

 Monthly.	2.50

    VEND NO MONEY. Just send us your name and address and

      we will send you, prepaid, on approval, a genuine Lachnite Gem mounted
      in a solid gold ring. Wear it ten full clays. These sparkling gems have the eternal
      fire cf diamonds. Their brilliance and hardness are guaranteed forever. We wish you to
      select a ring from this advertisement and wear it 10 full days at our expense. Then, if you
      can tell it from a diamond, send it bach. 100,000 people are now wearing brilliant
      Lachnite t ■ ms. These people have proved they could not tell Lachnites from diamonds.

Pay As You Wish

       When the ring comes just make the first small deposit ($4.75) with the postman. This is
       only a deposit. It is not a payment. The money is still yours. Put the ring on your finger
       and wear it everywhere you go for 10 full days. Then, if you decide to keep it, pay the
       balance at the rate of $2.50 a month without interest. But if, during the trial, you decide
       to send the Lachnite back, your deposit will be refunded instantly. You run no risk.

  (BaiiiiiiiiiaRaaiaaRaiA

 Harold Lachman Co. s\

12 Nor'.:; Michigan Avonuo

                  Chicago, III.

 eloae my llngor atxe.

Send the Coupon!

Don'*- send us a penny. Just put your name and address
\ in the coupon. Write the number of the ring. Be sure to send

        us your finger size. Cut a strip of paper that will just meet around the
     *. middle knuckle of your ring finger. Be sure to send this sirip. Send
     V the coupon now for a Lachnite on 10 days’ free trial. Act AT ONCE!

Harold Lachman Company

 Avenue
 CHICAGO. ILL.