Rhodes

s

TACPOOLE

BIDER
HAGGAfiD

 Ugleut new Aamana\

 ifui

UUari/

g ^ /V?

Page

nicnfnJfy

Ohczy

Rucif

Bm ab el#'	jilaiau

ABNTSURIINDY Aumonieb llABVICE
ADVERTISEMENTS

The Wonders
of the World

FOR twopence a day you can possess one
of the most beautiful and fascinating fine
art books ever published. This book is "THE
WONDERS OF THE WORLD," the marvels
of nature and man as they exist to-day. Never
before has such a wonderful idea been brought
to such perfection. Here you have over 1,000
beautiful pictures,selected from nearly t,ooo,oco,
and 2S beautiful coloured plates, showing the
world’s most wonderful sights, with letterpress
written by the most famous travellers.

THE TAJ MAHAL

The Living Animals

of the World

One of the most notable things in regs»f lo Irook*
daring the hut few years ha» been, the enormous
increase ip the demand for Natural History books.

. People are just beginning 10 realise til-- immense
pleasure which is open 10 all who study the Animal
Kingdom.

“THE LIVING ANIMALS OK THE WORLD”
is one of the gnat books of the world. A very great
feature is its Benutilul Illustrations. In the" paves
of • • TH E LI VI NO A NIM A LS O K T H E WO R LD' ■
photography is used on a scale never equalled in any
previous publication Without straining wonts, it
may be said that subjects photographed have been
obtained from every part of the World, many of

FEAR

  The photographs look over five years to
collect, and come from all parts of the world.
'Hie two laigc handsome volumes are printed
throughout on the finest quality art paper, and
arc beautifully bound in half morocco leather
elaborately gilded. “The Wonders of the
World” has been translated into almost every
European language, and about a quarter of a
million copies have been sold—a fine testimony
as to its great fascination. It is a standard
work for every home.

Write to-day, enclosing 4 penny tramps to cover
postage, and wc will rm you FREE the first
40 page* and a coloured plate printed on art
paper worth is.

IT IS SURE TO PLEASE YOU

them from the most distant i-Iattd» of the Sou: hern
< kean, the Great Barrier Reef of Australia, the New
Zealand hill?, the Indian jungle, the South African
veldt, and the river.- ol British Columbia, ('holo-
graphs of the swimming fish, of the flying bin), and
of the leaping salmon are reproduced as accurately
as those of the large carnivora or the uiam ungulates
In accordance with the example now tieirg set by
the Museum of Natural History. Ihc Irving breeds of
domesticated animals a s-> fin 1 a ptasc.

THE BOOK AT A GLANCE

It has Cost about ,£10.000; Over 1,100 Beautiful
Illustrations; Alxjut Soo large I'ages ; 25 Fine
Coloured Plates: About 2’S.coo Words; Written
by Eminent Naturalists : Translated into ail the
leading Languages; A Standard and International
Work I'rinled throughout on the finest English Art
l’aper; In two Handsome Volumes, with fud Gilt
Edges : lleautilully Bound 111 Half Morocco Leati.er;
KlaUiratcly Blocked in Ml.

  Send 6 penny stamtu to o>.er p stage, and we »i'I
send you FREE 40 Specimen I’ages and a Coloured
Plate* printed on Art l'.ij.er and worth at least I -

The STANDARD ART BOOK CO.. Ltd. Thc STANDARD ART BOOK CD.. I t J.

(Depl. 0, 30-32. Ludgete Hill, E.C.j	(Dept. I>. 30-32. Ladzate Kill. n.C.4
ADVERTISEMENTS

I

The Art of Story Writing

, Unique Course of Instruction (by post)
m prepared by Distinguished Authors for 1^|
the London Correspondence College

(Founded 1909 by T. P. O'Cunnor, M.P.)

A REAL and practical proficiency in the interesting ana lucrative art of short Story
Writing can be acquired by anyone with aptitude for writing. Under the general
Editorship of Mr. Max Pemberton, who himself wrote some of the lessons and
personally directs the instruction, a special Course in this subject has been prepaietl for the
London Correspondence College by the following famous authors: Sir Arthur Quit-LER-
COUCH (“ Q"). Piofessorof English Literature at Cambridge ; Mrs. W. K. CLIFFORD;
Mr. W. B. Maxwkll ; Mr. W PtTT Ridge ; Mr. Charles Garvice ; and Mr.
Newman Flower (Editor-in-Chief of Messrs. Cassell and Co.). The Course teaches
would-be writers not only what they want to know, but what Editors want them to know.
Through his own work in connection with the lessons each student’s ability is discovered
and developed ; he is shown how to achieve a practical mastery of style and technique
and how to make the best use of any talent he may have for writing sto'ies—the demand
for which has never been so great. The instiuction is conducted entirely by corre-
spondence at a moderate fee. Scp.irate Courses are also provided in Journalism, English
Composition, Literary Training, Verse Writing, and Mental Culture (Logical Reasoning).

Application should be made at once for Prospectus—post free from The SECRETARY

THE LONDON CORRESPONDENCE COLLEGE

23. ALBION HOUSE, NEW OXFORD STRBBT, LONDON, W.C.!.

Oxtxs of the. fe&t -

       nta	Thtj

U» mada 1a Kturiaud, of Bnmt
qo*I UT ma'anal bj Mntiai 1* oar,
anJ in tb« rau.c of ot«r JO
^ ra»n' axpcnaeaa la pan manufacture. .

STYLO PEN

10/6

OoM and Raunao Pmnl.
OoM npnn* Naadia 0*n
U c»mad la a.,, poatilm

FOUNTAIN

FII1«J with Iwt. Quit
Mtmm Tipr-wl Nlfaa. in
po»ta to aort all irw
To ba had of all Cfea-lmo or from
Colt Vatata.

28
PEN

 12/6

  7«
NEWGATE
STREET
UN 00*
E.C. I.

WOMEN WHO VALU£ HEALTH

MUST WEAR
THE

‘Perfect

BUST
SUPPORT

rvsr r*e*

59

                            Kir rxet
                       6 REASONS WHY.
                       ONE

«•-«_	',^4. rn liu

»•«,!. v. <tawt«r

                               tri	I.KM *-'!• latua..

                                      *«•! .-a iK>al. »a * M w* ft
                                      i«; .m.	fciu. 4m-

                                      tl-M. -».l

TWO P U •< '•» M -M. pr-' l. »W-t c. *- >> f,n

 ' "" *ara«.taa ' •	.« « Carrvua f:«V.*au<

 5> K'dfi (Uau* tealm ud (i«<ut

THREE	Mf a« af *» . h

 .	» '• ••mar- -•<! Ac	..4 a- ■*. -rt s

taa.««* !«• A *«,* .a u» lam >W .<|...uaa a M. fa-

  • I trton Bm| •

FOUR * *'■*•»»*♦'« »• tw •.'*«.< mt >*• I«m W I •

       1 ' W« Tf- mi and S—*. dm k « *..;»»• *N..t — 4
       ti« r«iUf !• «% u4 » ••ftt (ShticiUNM If a«

rf

FIVF	•»* r*-*

1 * '* • Mtfofi If*	M L—M.-f «/ WtfM —wl

 It U • (4ifa	t. 4

CRDMK MOM—

EDWIN TURPIN A CO., LTD, Drpl. 262,

la.'St. LUDCATE HILL. E.C.4.
ADVERT ISKMENTS

NEURASTHENIA

(The Twentieth Century Disease)
NATURE S OWN CURE.

   Madlcinci and drogt, dirt treatinenta. mkom, am! " rett
cur*»" liave alike prove J incapable of, or only puudly and
lempoiarily »ucccatful in, overcoming th* condition. Small
woodar, then. that the neurattheoie deapaira aI a cure—regardi
hiuuelf or lieraelf at incurable.

   Neuraathenia eri»e» from tack of Nerve Force. The or.:-,
method of rcaioring 10«t Nen-c Force U to recharge the tyUem
with Electricity, the natural force accreted in the air we
breathe, and which in ilwlf i» scarcely dittmguithabl* from
Nerve Force. For years ibe difficulty of the Scientist and the
Phyilcian hat been to find a meant, at once cheap, convenient,
anti comfonnWe to the patient, of employing thi> *reat »itali»-
ing natural fotce. Until the Fulvermacher Elccuolngical
Treatment overcame theie objertiona, Electrical Treatment
DON T HIS IT ATI.	**5 f”.*”60*!1-*

MAKI UP YOUR WHO	m”h coined to

TO INVUTIMTt TKI lOUtDE /' I e»pen..«r hospital*
PULVIRMACHER iHEMTHI KW snd nwktttione for
ELECTRIC TREAT. I ‘-It W “T.W^wr nch
MINT TO-DAY.	"‘“xiiy

INOECISION NOW MAT COST YOU A UfETIME OF
ILL-HEALTH AND SUFFERING. W ITE FOR FRU
PARTICULARS TO-DAY.

ELECTRICITY —THE NATURAL CURE.

   To-day the Pulvermacher Treatment taingt it in it* bn;
foim within the reach of all Yov can carry om Ihn
Mtruesaful form of Electrical Treatment in jour own home.
You can wear the Pulvermacber Electrical Appliance* at work
or al play.

HAVE YOU ANY OF THESE SYMPTOMS ?

   If your nerve* ate weak ot disordered, if jwi Ilml» tiewble.
If you have nombneu or nerve pain*, if you are incUnod to
brood over your affair., if you are uervom itnwrou., and
undecided, if »oo worry ora tnflee and fear f t-the future. if
your memory and will are weak, if you lack telf-cwfido-.e, if
you feel ctuth*d and ehok«d in a railway orryige gr deed
twmt. if you tea) di/ry in open tborourWarea or nervou.
among a crowd—tli«ie are ail lymptnmi of NevraUMMa. and
•hould not t* neglected. A Free Book, entitled - A G_u.de
to Health and Strength." detente* how the womierfvlly
tucceuful Pulvcrmather F.leclioUwical Treatment cor»* quickly
and permanently Neuraithcsia, NervoU) t>y»p<p«ia, Net rout
—•	■ ----rfu. to i^fc of

Diaorden, aud the
Nerve Force.

INQUIRY COUPON.

By boating thii PREC FORM TO-DAY >au *i'l retfi.l
the "Cvll'K to Hbalth AKU St»»»C.Tw.* wtuch L*<

   pouted the way euc-'niully ta tliauMUuh. Vw tila. e
   yeuteelf wider no oblige**, by apply mg ft* tbia Woi.
   and partieuiari of the I'aJvartaacber Appiiai.it-.

 AW ......... .............„...—-----—---- - —

AJrfrrt. .....................- ..........

   Pail la tha R»Mrt»le»*cal. Pal««rmac»er fclcctr»la*lcal
   UMltsIt, LU.. IW. Vakaa tlens*. S».	MM. lea«e«.

 e.C.4,	Syoev Mao.

THE ELECTRIC CURE
IS POPULAR

As Pleasant as it is Effective

It is grand to put on an electric battery whil*
lying down resting, and feel its exhilaratftjl
influence in every nerve and muscle. The**
is no inconvenience attached to it in an*
way. One hour’s daily application is suffictaN
There is not the slightest shock or irritattqft
but a gentle, soothing warmth that goes dired
to the nerve centres. That kind of electric!®
cures, and the cure it gives is permanent.

   People will sometimes try an ordinary hatteO
(made, no doubt, for commercial purposes), •*
a shocking current, which irritates the nerve*
and conclude that electricity is not suitable
It will not do any good in that form. TV
current must be given without shock—witbfll
irritation of any kind—and in this way the verf
weakest individuals can be built up.

  No one is too weak to use electricity. I*
such cases a longer building-up process is f*-
quired. But the results arc just as certain s*
water is to extinguish fire when applied 'fl
sufficient quantities. If a proper battery >*'
used it is possible to supply a very str"«S
current, free from all inconveniences. Ho*
much more pleasant it is to be cured in
way, while resting, tlian to be pouring nteir
tine into the poor, weakened stomach, until l!
is impossible to do without it. This drug haKI
grows on one like the whisky habit; and
wonder, as alcohol forms I he chief ingredient
of many preparations. It is simply addin)
more poison to the weakened organs. VVb'
not stop it?

  Rheumatic sufferers, those crippled wit!
Lumbago, Sciatica, or Gout; the victim o
weakened stomach, kidneys, liver, bowels, o
bladder; the person with the shattered nervotf
system, and suffering fioin Paralysis, Epilepsy
Neurasthenia, Insomnia, or Neuralgia, sbotili
seek a restoration to health in the electric curt
Don't say, “ It might not do me any good '.

It wiD do you good if you resort to the righ
means. It will cute you.

   There is a book for free distribution among al
 readers of Hutchinson's Stoky MacaziM
 which covers the subject fully. You should no
 be without it if you are not in possession of per
 feet health. It'tells ibe cause of weakness a>
 disease, and how a cure can be gained, *
 describes the most sue- essful remedy known-—
 the “Ajax “ Dry-Cell Body Battery. Tb«
 history of many cases is sent with the boo*
 It costs )ou nothin>; to get it.

   Write *t once <o The British Electric ln*0'
tute (Dept. >71) (Ajax Ld.), 35, Holbora V»‘
duct, London, E.C.i, and you will receive
return post the most valuable book ever Pur
lished on the subject It is sent in • pj*j*
scaled envelope, together with full infcmnatw*
concerning the tie-itment, free.
ADVERTISEMENTS

A BIG STEP FORWRD

It is in your awn power to make or mar Your Future, the
all-important factor being to take up the right course of training NOW

    Hard on the heels of ended hostilities, the business world is pulling itself together for
a mighty effort to overtake the lost progress entailed by years of war, and now is the
psychological time to start training for one of the many big positions which will be
available during the period of Reconstruction.

    In order to establish yourself firmly in life you should select a profession which i* iodUpcnsalde to
the community, and which affords unlimited scApe for energy, enterprise, busines. cajacity and real
fterit : one that is not overcrowded, or affected by fluctuation* of trade.

   The training provided by the METROPOLITAN COLLEGE—th* ‘Vanity •< Saeratarlal and
Accountancy training lead* the way to a career satisfying all these essential requirement*. It paves,
yo«. the road not only to the monetary success o( the bu.tness man, bat also to that indefinable
“status” which is so much valued by the profes-.ion.il man.

    Such a training is open to you, without serving under articles, without payment of any premium,
and at almost negligible expense.	_

    For instance, the Specialised Postal Training provided by the METROPOLITAN COLLEGE taken
•t homa, In your apare time—will speedily enable you to become a

   or Sacratan
Company 5»c«ttr*
Prtveto Secretary
IkoimTu Enxrl

Municipal Accountant
Work* Accountant
Coot Accomitr.nl
Auditor
Cashier

          .SPECIAL FEATURES s
    f. The College promt* more successful can-
    didate* for the Bmiessioo*! Accooru»at*’ aid
    Smcunn' eaaminariom than any other
    training centre in tne British Isles,
    s. The most Highly qualified Accountancy and
    Secretarial Stall In the Kingdom, enm-
    pri.ins many Kraal Hooamara and Barrora-
    it'IaBV.

  1 ». The fer* are most malmte. srwi may. if desired,

  I he paid by easy instalment*.

  I 4. Free Appointment* Bureau wt*

Or to select from innumerable other good
Openings, subdivisions of the very wide range
Of vocations grouped under the general term of
Accountancy and Secretarial Appointments.

   No important undertaking—whether a large private firm, limited company or public body
•—can carry on, irrespective of "booms” or • slumps,” without the skilled assistance which the
Metropolitan College training will qualify YOU to render, and tlicrcf^r^v «	wuer

decision than to write to-day (a postcard will suffice! for the STUDENTS GUIDE FREE AND
Post PAID—ami particulars of the splendid Prise »nd Scholarship Scheme. You wi.l t« under
°o obligations

    The College provides the most valuable
«w>r»e of study for every person (of either sea,
between the ages of 16 and 60) desirous of
Obtaining tracers' in Accountancy, Secretary.hip,
Banking, or any other sphere in the world of

Bttfcoesa.

A NEW OAREER FOR WOMEN.

 *• Accountancy is undoubtedly

                ts undoubtedly one t«
 THE professions nf the present and the future
 for women.” — A Woman Accountant in the
 •* Star."

             Send to-day for the FREE GUIDE.

METROPOLITAN COLLEGE,

                     Dopt. 01, ST. ALBANS.
ADVERTISEMENTS

London County Westminster
and Parr’s Bank Limited

ESTABLISHED IN 1836

Chairman ' WALTER LEAF. Zkp-lyCkatrmin ! SIR MONTAGU TURNER. R. HUGH TENNANT. Ew.

AUTHORISED CAPITAL - £33,000,000               31 Si DECEMBER, 1St!.               
SUBSCRIBED CAPITAL    27,333,980 Currsm, Deposit ana cllitr Account! £262,657,781  
                                 Cask In Hand aad at lank ol Cajlaad - 47.47S.S04  
PAID-UP CAPITAL        6,830,090 Moaay at Call aad Skort Nolle.      • SS.S70.1S!  
RESERVE ....           7,430,086 ftdvaacas aad Ois:oaats •           • 141.801.S1S 
Head Office: 41, LOTH BURY, E.C.2.

Joint Central Managers: F. J. BARTHORPE. J. W. BUCKHURST. J. C. ROBERTSON.

Foreign Branch Office : 82, CORNHILL, E.C.3.

ANTWERP BRANCH .... 41. pi.ee d» M«r.
SPANISH BRANCHES : BarcelonaPu«d« GnuUs& 10. Madrid: Called* Aicaia 43.

AFFILIATED IN FRANCE: London County &. Westminater Bank Paris', Limited.
   PARIS: - 22, Place Vendome. BORDEAUX: 22 & 24. Court de I'lntendance.
   LYONS : 37. Rue do la Republique. MARSEILLES: - . 31. Rue Paradia.

AFFILIATED IN IRELAND : -	-	- Ulster Bank Limited.

All Cbrqu.. on ih. Ui.tor B»nk will b. collortcd for CuUntn of thu Bank. frae of Commu.io*.

         The Bank It represented by Branches or Agenta la all the Principal Cltlet and
         Townt of the United Kingdom and hat Corratoondenti thr*arhnur the World.

    EXECUTOR AND TRUSTEE DUTIES UNDERTAKEN.

-

In 3 months’ time
you could play this at sight

:.2 I *

Think what it means to be able lo ait down at the piano, to open a difficult and hitherto nni
of mitsic anti to play it off nt once without hesitation, with absolute confidence and without a wronj; n
Ai a tulc this state of proficiency is only reached after years of patient piactice and study. Wu
THELWALL System has been worked out so scientifically that the mind is trained alone certain
and Its Irtent faculiies are brought out. One half-hour’* daily study under the THELWALL
will make you a rapid and infallible sight-reader in three months, eren if you only hare a small kn<r
of Muitic previously. The THfc-LW ALL System, moreover, is highly approved by the leading musician
of the country, including Mr. Landon Ronald and Dr. Holland. It will cost you noxhing to know
about this S)stern, for on receipt of a postcaid we will send you a Bookki, "HOW EVUKV FlANIS^
MAY BfcCOMF. A RAPID SIGHTKEADLR,’ free o( all charge. Send jour application no#

THE STANDARD ART BOOK CO., LTD*

THELWALL Dept. lO, 30/2. Ludgate Hill, London, E.C.4
ADVERTISES! ENTS

 I
SENT FOR

                                       (See Coupon
                                       below)

Mr. Ambrose Wilson's scientifically porfoctod Corset
brings now fijjuro-joy from tho first moment of
wearing;- It can bo securod by ovory Woman who
fills In and sondi to-day tho Coupon below with !/-

rPHE greatest bargain that ladies can sccure to-day is live Ambron
1 Health Corset, its beautiful, graceful lines give a nevr note of dis-
tinction to your figure. It soti rff your frock to the bejt possible
advantage, and more than all is the soft yet strong, pliant yet firm
support it will give you during every moment of the day. Every woman
will appreciate, too. the convenience of purchasing by simply filling in
md posting the Coupon below with i, -.

    In the important matter of fitting f+rftelly over every inch of its
>iirf;’ce, the Ambron Corset gives you complete and lasting satisfaction.
Make sure of this most important pan of your dress by ordering the
Ambron to-day. Its lines are natur.il lines. 11 cannot cramp or restrict
either your Ucatbing or your movements. You simply send your
measurements as directed below and thus secure the Corset that must
have been your ideal foe years.

    Mr, Wilson says: " Every day 1 receive numerous letters from ladies
of all grades of society telling me how their health has been improved by
'.imply wearing ray Ambron Corsets. If you feel run dow n and out of
v.ni, and in need of sustaining and agreeable support, then try what
wr~ring my Amt»on Corsets will do for you."

HOW TO ORDER

     Simply write yoor full name and addr**s on a piece of paper, fill in correct

The full 'price of the Ambron
Conet la only a II. but all I ask
U that you sond me a postal
order for I/-, and by return of
post 1 will send you a pair of
Ambron Corseti that will (It
you lllio a glove. Perfect com-
fort, figure correctness. Ideal
support, and grace of line are
their outstanding merits.

 COUPON

ADDRESS YOUR ORDER TO

AMBROSE WILSON, Ltd., 405, Allen House, 70, Vauxhall Bridge Road, London, S.W.1

DUTTON’S

SHORTHAND

tlajfe* »l{k..v**<J n*i=. Oil/ t n»W, met *1 ctar
rfl-	ttmitot* litmtmy :*o l« acipMod In *4 1

IT PAYS TO BE TALL.

Lhon pooylo »i« aaubbsd anH eforiookrd By my
Imvla Prlvata mathod >o« tan ad.1 i«*era;
r. yiur tirigM without vtolont daralui. without

iDDSratua. ho ri.* Of .train, Full pan>:-jUi, I poo it
5TT.U- ai o~»	-Hoti.’JweVSter, Ma... •

WHY WEAR A TRUSS?

MARVELLOUS NEW METHOD

 which has cured thousands without operation.
 Gives instant relief- No springs or lumpy p-ds.
 Write for FREE TEST «BIj Booklet

LE BRASSF.UR SURGICAL MFG. Co. Ld.

 Dept, R. P.. OO «. 02. Worcester St.. Birmingham.
 Tol.rt.uoa Mi.ll.r.l V.y_Wprlrn- hu. ^
ADVERTISEMENTS

HEALTHY

WOMEN

  »u* w*±t - healthy** corveta. and the ** Natural E»%* "
  *** J* mo't healthy of all. Every wwuer mj-»
  hile moulding the figure lo ih« roo*l delicate
  ,xnc* °» feminme grace, they vastly improve th« health.

corsft	The Natural

OF	E38® Corset

Health	Style 2.

SEND FOR YOURS TO-DAY.

 *'» i**ti imt u-iUumt	#**r mtmty rri/tincb

                          i/ MitaliifitJ.

la/j.'.'/u «».' «»<A Cvrutt.

r'*u PeHa! OtJtrt amJ muiAt fAttlU le the

HEALTH CORSET COMPANY.

D^>. 113.

19 23, Ludgate Hill. London. E.C.4.

WRITE

PROFIT

 FOR

THE BENNETT COLLEGE,

D«pt- 13 J-	SHimKUT.

8/11 pair.

 Peitnjc atmui ejr/ra.

Complete wilb
Spccial OetacluUc
Suspenders.

 Stocked in
 • I! sizes
 from 20 lo
 30. Made in finest
 quality Drill.

If poo think of Uudyfejfi snr «*« «* >'*'« Trade* or
Profcsaiotn for »

FREE BOOKLET

cpUlnin* our methods and tenr.v

MENTION WHICH SUBJECT

 Please Suti Your Age.

II , Aarv rytneJ a mez-	.<rJ

a.» f’rf-ftJ tr tfti A«an*u«U. In
.11 It. D.U.CW -Afftp ** A»"V«-
U,l ut <•«.-*, *J ■* timiuJ	./

      mi *miy trill *» a..ifteJ.

AJdfw**

SPECIAL POINTS OF INTEREST.

 Wo bonss or steels to drag, hurt, or break.

 No lacing at the baok.

 Hade or strong, durable drill of finest quality,
     with special suspenders, detachable for
     washing purposes.

 U U laced at the sides with clastic cord to
    expand freely when brenthlng.

 It Is fitted with adjustable shoulder straps.

 ■t has a short (I Inch, busk In front which
    ensures a perfect shape, and Is fastened
    at the top and bottom with non-rusting
    Hooks and Eyes
    k can be easily washed at home, hating nothing
    to rust or tarnish.

Wear the "NATURAL EASE”
Corset and free yourself from
Indigestion. Constipation, and
• cores of other ailments so
distressful to Women.

THE BENNETT COLLEGE Estab. 1900
GROWER	^*>5353®^

Why tioi improve your oppelioncs by using this n^vcl.ou
procuration ? It u perfectly harmless and noc a dye. It uird
anil recommended by many famous beauties at the Court and
lender*, of fashion.

 ftrbettU
 frit /rte.

IT YOU SUFFER

iron Bcnooi. wwr*d
fv« utfX !*ck of ac*rgy.
itlUeaUnc*. wfil-
poww. mod eoneMtra

LOVE & LOVERS

 a Happy >
 Hmvtmmi

        jM Or are you setting fat? Do not waste
        big money on quack medicines that d . tut
        W cu,e- Speud a little money wisely on
        Natur• '« Only Ntmtdy-THINZU TABLET*
        They will rotors you lo your normal slimness
        in a few weeks. Sent poet free, with directions
        in pbun wrappers, for P.O. t/j. Don't delay.

            THE THIMZU TAILIT CO.,

130, LaJDb.it B.u., La4f»le tUO. LOU DOS. 1C.

VARICOSE VEINS

EYEBROWLIN

“ EYEBROWLIN ”

produce! that daric and fascinating espiestion which U so be-
coming to all Jodies. A few applications will convince you oX
its merits. Sent in plain cover for 1/-. Send to-day 1/. p.o. to
Manusoress, JEAN BINKT & OO. Dept. 87',
34, STRAND, LONDON, W.O.2.

Why Be Too, Fat

            Regain Your Health and Beanty

                and reduce jocr weight quickly by com-
    - m*nciiifl the never-failing Amipon iieat-
    m'-'l! NOW. It has ti years' reputation,
    i	and is the only safe, sure, and pleasant

/	remedy for over-stoutness. N'o chance of

diet, but a reduction of I on. to j Its. in a single day
and night.

Sold by Boots (5*0 branches), and all Chemists and
Stores the world over. Price 8,'- and 6,'-. or, privately
packed, direct from The Anupon Co. (Desk 7j>, >7, Store
Street. London. W.Ci.

                              6/- tht
                              dtmHt Uu

                                7.urmHtf.

WHY NOT YOU ?

Oilier*, including many famous
l-rauties and actresses, have ac-
quired a beautiful full bust and
peach-<111; skin by using *• Fir-
manoc," the famous secret
preparation.

  A few days' trial will sttt-
tonish and convince
you. Why not start to-day /
Send t/- P.O. (or ,, stamps)
for supply under plain cover
to Manageress—

JEAN UINETd CO..Dept.
a« Strand, Loodo

                    W.C.3.

That is wh.it you can actnallv do if you use
wonderful eyebrow and eyelash grower,

A

tii«

EYELASH EINIi

Persevering application of this unique ptepar**
tion will make your eyebrows and eyelashes silky,
long, and lustrous, and the admiration of your
friends and relatives.

Stud 1- to-day for a box qJ •• £ VELA SHE ISE

ESME CERISE. 16. Bedford House. Bedford Sir Ml.
LONDON. W.C-2.

HEIGHT INCREASED

           IN 30 DAYS

5/ COMPLETE j

COURSE. I NO DIGTIMO
Hi. Melvin Strong Syate. NEVER FA1L5.

 Pull Fm rikmlmn tr TutimtniaU—Stam^, tr
 comthtt u*”t iy ntmrn */ fit/rrH- r.O.
 Me.ets «Uout. LU. It>^t %-■. N. testhwsrt «t. »

R. Wright Higgins, F.RX.O., L.Mus., T.C.L.,

30, Oak House. P.rkhur.t Road. London, N.7.
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine
ATVTTTVrnmMKNTS

HAPPELL

PIANOS

GRAND AND UPRIGHT

Acknowledged by a

   DISCRIMINATING PUBLIC

throughout the

WORLD

FINEST ENGLISH MAKE

Uxd by the following, among i
EMINENT ARTISTES

 many

Not to be excelled for
TONE. TOUCH.
and

DURABILITY

  PACHMANN
  MOISEI WITSCH
  ARTHUR de GREEF
  HOWARD JONES
  KATHARINE GOODSON
  IRENE SCHARRER
  MYRA HESS
  AMINA GOODWIN
  LILIA KANEVSKAYA
  MARGARET COOPER

etc., ««c.

Preferred by the Principal Profesioti throuc' on
Kingdom, and largely tued in ihc

   ROYAL ACADEMY OF MUSIC
   ROYAL COLLEGE OF MUSIC
   GUILDHALL SCHOOL OF MUSIC
   TRINITY COLLEGE dc.. eic.

the

PLAYER-PIANOS

GRAND AND UPRIGHT

CHAPPELL’S PLAYER-PIANO GALLERIES

50, NEW BOND STREET. LONDON. W.l.
Agents in all the Principal Town*.
This poem hu been written by Mr. Rudyard Kipling specially
for tho fir»t number of “ Hutchinson's Story Magazine.'*

TO Him Who made the Heavens abide and gave the stars
their motion,

To Him Who tames the moonstruck tide twice a day round
   ocean—

Let His Name be magnified in all poor folks' devotion!

X’ot for Prophecies and Powers, Visions, Gifts or Graces,

But the weighed and counted hours that drive us to our plaecs
With the burden on our backs, the weather in our faces.

%

Not for any Miracle of Easy Loaves and Fishes,

But for standing ’gainst our will at work against our wishes—

Such as finding food to fill daily-emptied dishes.

                                           IX
 Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

Not for Voices, Harps or Wings or rapt Illumination,

But the grosser Self that springs of use and occupation,

Unto which the Spirit clings as her last salvation.

(He Who launched our Ship of Fools many anchors gave us,

Lest one gale shculd start Hum all or one groundsuell slave us.
     Praise Him for the petty creeds
     That prescribe, in paltry needs,

Solemn riles to trivial deeds and, by small things, save us/)

Heart may fail and Strength outwear and Purpose turn to loathing
But the everyday affair of toilette, meals and clothing,

Builds a bulkhead 'twixt despair and the edge of nothing.

(Praise Him, then, Who orders it that, though Earth be flaring
     And the crazy skies arc lit
     By the searchlights of the Pit,

Man should not depart a whit from his wonted bearing.)

They that sip from every glass lose their heads the faster.

They that skip from thought to thought suffer like disaster.

     And in all adversity.

    Having nothing orderly,

Let 1 he accepted time go by till Panic is their master 1
Rudyard Kipling

He Who bids the wild-swans’ host still maintain their flight on
    Air-roads over islands lost—

    Ages since 'neath ocean lost*—

Beaches of some sunken coast their fathers would alight on,

    shall guide us through this dark, not by new shown glories,
But by every ancient mark our fathers used before us,

Till our children ground their ark where the proper shore is.

And He Who makes the Mountains smoke and rives the Hills

        asunder,

    And to-morrow leads the grass—

   Mere unconquerable grass—

Where the blazing crater was, to heal and hide it under,

Shall not lay on us the yoke of too long fear and wonder.

           Copyright 1919 in tho United State* of America by Rudyard Kipling.

13

“SHE” MEETS
ALLAN

                             By

      H. RIDER HAGGARD

      Jiulhor of “She," "Allan Qualermaln.'' elc.

   Illustrated by MAURICE GREIFFENHAGEN

      Several of the funon character, which havo made Sir Rider Haecard one of tho moil widely rod
      of Urine author* appear* In this powerful new aerial, which takes us anin into the se-rwt heart of
      Africa and brinxs loaotbar at last Allan Quatermain and the mysterious, oluahre "SHE."

CHAPTER I

THE TALISMAN

I THINK it was the old Egyptians, a
very wise people, probably indeed
| much wiser than we know, for in the
leisure of their ample centuries they had
time to think out things, who declared that
*ach individual personality was made up
six or seven dilierent elements, although

*	think the Bible only allows ns three—
***nely, body. soul, and spirit. The body
that the man or woman wore, if I under-
stand their theory aright, which perhaps T.
*n ignorant person, do not. was but a kind
'Jl sack or fleshly covering containing these
Afferent principles. Or mayhap it did not
ijwxtain them at all. but was simply a
house. as it were, in which they lived from
tone to time and seldom all together, al-
though one or more of them was present
CQBtinuaDy. as though to keep the place
*afincd and aired.

  This is but a casual illustrative sugges-
tion. for what right have I. Allan Quatcr-
^^in, out of my lvttle reading and prob-
j®ty erroneous deductions, to form any
Judgment as to the theories of the old
**8>'ptians ? Still these, as I understand

♦k m' •u®ce *° *«>r,ush m«“ w,th a trxt

‘hat man i« not one. but manv. in which
^ancction it may be remembered that

Tltrt story li»« been it'iln

often in Scripture he is spoken of as being
the home of many demons, seven, 1 think,
and. to come to a far different example,
that the Zulus talk of their witch-doctors
as being inhabited by "a multitude of
spirits.”

  Now. the reason of all this homily is that
I. Allan, the most practical and unim-
aginative of persons, just a homely, half-
educated hunter and trader, who chances
to have seen a good deal of the particular
little world in which my lot was cast, at
one period of my life became the victim
of spiritual longings. I am a man who
has coffered great bereavements in ray
time, such as have seared my soul, since,
perhaps because of my rather primitive
and simple nature, my affections are very
strong. I can never forget those whom I
have loved and whom 1 believe to have
loved me.

  For home years of my lonely existence
these problems haunted me day by day,
till at length I desired above everything
tih earth to lay them at rest in one way or
another.

  1 was in Zululand about this time, and
being near the Black Kloof where he dwelt.
I paid a visit to my acquaintance of whom I
have written rUcwhere. the wonderful and
ancient dwarf. Zikali, known a* " The-

.ntr.l !.ir ,rr.,l puiprrtf*
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

Thing- that-should-never-have-been -bom'
also more Cjmmonly among the Zulus as
" Opener of Roads.” When we had talked
of many things connected with the state
of Zululand and its politics, I decided to
consult him on the problems that had been
troubling me.

  '• You are named 1 Opener of Roads.*
are you not. Zikali ? ” I said.

  " Yes. the Zulus have always called me
that, since before the days of Chaka. But
what of names, which often enough mean
nothing at all ? "

   “ Only that I want to open a road. Zikali,
that which runs across the River of Death.”
" Oho ! " he laughed, *’ it is very easy,”
and snatching up a little assegai that lay
beside him, he proffered it to me, adding.
” Be brave now and fall on that. Then
before 1 have counted sixty the road will
be wide open, but whether you will see
anything on it 1 cannot tell you.”

  Again I shook my head and answered,

   " It is against our law. Also while 1 still
live I desire to know whether I shall meet
ccrtain others on that road after my time
has come to cross the River. Perhaps you.
who deal with spirits, can prove the matter
to me, which no one else seems able to do.”
” Oho I ” laughed Zikali again. ” What
do my ears hear ? Am I. the poor Zulu
cheat, asked to show that which is hidden
from all the wisdom of the great White
People ? ”

  " The question is." I answered, with
irritation, ” not what you are asked to do,
but what you can do.”

  “ That 1 do not know yet, Macumazahn.
What spirits do you desire to see ? If that
of a woman called Mameena • is one of
them, 1 think that perhaps I whom she

loved-”

  ” She is not one of them. Zikali. More-
over, if she loved you, you paid back her
love with death.”

  " Which perhaps was the kindest thing
I could do, Macumazahn. for reasons that
you may be able to guess, and others with
which 1 will not trouble you. But if nut
hers, whose ? Let me look I—let me look !
I will tell you a secret. All seers who hve
at the same time, if they are great, com-
mune with each other because they are
akin and their spirits meet in sleep or
dreams. Therefore 1 know of a certain
mistress cf our iraft, a very lioness among
jackals, who for thousands of years has lain
sleeping in the northern caves, and. humble
though 1 am, she knows of me."

  * For tbe history of Maoctnt m« the book
called Child of Storm.

  " Quite so,” I said, yawning. " but per-4
haps. Zikali, you will come to the point of 1
the spear. What of her ? How is she
named, and if she exists will she help 1
me ? ”

  ” I will answer your questions back-1
wards, Macumazahn- I think that she will
help you if you help her; in what way I do
not know, because although witch doctor* ■
sometimes work without pay, as I am
doing now, Macumazahn, witch-doctoresse* i
never do. As for her name, the only one
that she lias aiming our company is

■	Queen,’ because she is the first of all of
them and the most beauteous among
women. For the rest I can tell yon no- '
thing, except that she has always been. ,
and I suppose, in this shape or in that, will i
always be while the world lasts, because
she has found the secret of life unending.” |

  " You mean that she is an immortal,
Zikali." I answered, with a smile.

  ” 1 do not say that. Macumazahn, be-
cause my little mind cannot shape the
thought of immortality. But when I was .
a babe, which is far ago, she had lived so x
long that scarce would she know the diner- ;
ence between then and now. and already
in her breast was all wisdom gathered. 1 J
know it, because although, as I have said,
we have never seen each other, at times
we talk together in our sleep, for thus she
shares her loneliness, and 1 tlunk, though .
this may be but a dream, that last night she
told me to send you on to her to seek an
answer to certain questions which you
would put to me to-day.”

  Now I grew angry, and asked.

  " Why does it please you to fool me,
Zikali, with such talk as this ? If there is
any truth in it, show me where the woman
called Queen lives, and how I am to come
to her.''

  The old wizard took up the little assegai
which he had offered to me, and with its
blade raked out ashes from the fire that
always burnt in front of him. While he did
so he went on talking to me, as I thought,
in a random fashion, perhaps to distract my
attention, of a certain white man whom he
said I should meet upon my journey and
of his auairs. also of other matters, none of \
which interested me much at the time. .
These ashes he patted down flat, and then ;
on them drew a map with the point of his •
spear, making grooves for streams, certain j
marks for bush and forest, wavy lines for j
water or swamps, and little heaps for hills. I
When he bad finished it all. he bade me j
come round the fire and study the picture, j
across which, by an afterthought, he drew

16
Rider Haggard

a wavering furrow with the edge of the
a««egai to represent a river, and gathered
the ashes in a lump at the northern end to
signify a large mountain.

    Look at it well. Macumazahn," he
“aid, ” and forget nothing, since if you
®ake this journey and forget, you die.
«o. no need to copy it in t^at book of
yours, for see. I will stamp it o^your mind.”
Then suddenly he gathered up the hot
^shes in a double handful and threw them
my face, muttering something as he
did so and adding aloud.

   " There, now you will remember.”

   " Certainly I shall.” I answered, cough-
 mg. ” and I beg that you will not play
 s«ch a joke upon me again.”

   As a matter of fact, whatever may have
 “®en the reason. I never forgot any detail
 °f_that extremely intricate map.

   ” That big river must be the Zambesi,”
 1 Stuttered. ” and even then the mountain
 your Queen, ii it be her mountain, is far
 •Way. and how can 1 come there alone ? ’’
 " 1 don’t know, Macumazahn. though
 Perhaps you might do so in company. At
 •east 1 bc-lieve that in the old days people
 ®sed to travel to the place, since once 1
 »>av« heard a great city stood there which
 Was the heart of a mighty empire."

   Now I pricked up my ears, for though

 *	believed nothing of Zikali’s story of a
 Wonderful Queen, I was always intensely
 Wtercsted in past civilisations and their
 Julies. Also I knew that old Zikali's know-
 ledge was extensive and peculiar, however
 «*-• came by it. and 1 did not think that he
 Would lie to me in this matter. Indeed, to
 tell the truth, then and there I made up
 *»y mind that if it were in any way pos-
 sible, I would attempt this journey.

   " How did people get to the city. Zikali?"
   ” By sea. 1 suppose, .Macumazahn, but

 •	think that you will be wise not to try that
 r°*d. since 1 behove that on the seaside
 ge marshes are now impassable, and 1
 think you will be safer on your feet.”

   " You want me to go on this adventure,
 ..Zikali. Why ? For 1 know you never do
 •nytiling without motive.”

  ' Oho ! Macumazahn, you are clever,
*nd see deeper into the trunk of a tree than
®ost. Yes. I want you to go for three
^a-ons. First, that yon may satisfy your
*>ul on certain matters, and I would help
secondly, became I want to satisfy
**»*ne; and thirdly, because I know that
you will come back safe to be a prop to
in things that will happen in days un-
born. Otherwise 1 would have told you
a°thing of this story, tincc it is necessary

to me that you should remain living beneath

the sun.”

   Have done, Zikali. What is it that
you desire ? "

  “ Oh! a great deal that 1 shall get, but
chiefly two things, so with the rest I will
not trouble you. First I desire to know
whether these dreams of mine of a wonder-
ful white witch-doctoress, or witch, and of
my converse with her. are indeed more
than dreams. Next 1 would learn whether
certain plots of mine, at which I have
worked for years, will succeed."

  “ What plots, Zikali ?—and how can my
taking a distant journey tell you anything
about them ? ’’

  " You know them well enough. .Macuma-
zahn ; they have to do with the overthrow
of a royal hjuse tliat has worked me bitter
wrong. As to how your journey can help
me. why, thus. You shall promise to me
to ask of this Queen whether Zikali, Opener
of Roads, shall triumph or be overthrown
in that on which he has set his heart."

  " As you seem to know this witch so well,
why do you not ask her yourself, Zikali ? "
" To ask is one thing, Macumazahn. To
get an answer is another. 1 have asked
in the watches, of the night, and the reply
was, ' Come hither, and perchance I will
tell you.' ’ Queen.’ I said, ’ how can I
come save in the spirit, who am an ancient
and a crippled dwarf scarcely able to stand
upon my feet ? "

  " ‘ Then send a messenger. Wizard, and
be sure that he is white, for ol black savages
1 have seen more than enough. Let him
bear a token also that he comes from you.
and tell me of it in your sleep. Moreover,
let that tokeu be something of power which
will protect him on the journey.’

    Such is the answer that comes to me
in my dreams. Macumazahn."

  ” Well, what token will you give me,
Zikali ? ”

  He groped about in his robo and pro-
duced a piece of ivory of the size of a large
chessman that had a hole in it. through
which ran a platted cord of the still hairs
from an elephant's tail. On this article,
which was of a rusty brown colour, he
breathed, then having whimpered to it for
a while, handed it to me.

  I took the talisman, for such I guessed
it to be, idly enough, held it to the light to
examine it. and started back so violently
that almost 1 let it fall. I do not quite
know why I started, but 1 think it was
because some influence berated to leap
from it to me. Zikali started also, and
cried out.

17
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

  " Have a care, Macumazahn. Am I
young that I can bear being dashed to the
ground ? "

  •'What do you mean ? " I asked, still
staring at the thing which I perceived to
be a most wonderfully fashioned likeness
of tho old dwarf himself as he appeared
before me crouched upon the ground.
There were the deepset eyes, the great head,
the toad-like shape, the long hair. all.

  " When that ivory is hung over your
heart, Macumazahn. where you must al-
ways wear it, learn that with it goes the
strength of Zikali; the thought that would
have been his thought and the wisdom that
is his wisdom will be your companions, as
much as though he walked at your side
and could instruct you in every peril.
.Moreover, north and south and cast and
west, this image is known to men who,
when they sec it, will bow down and obey,
opening a road to him who wears the
Mcdicinc of the Opener of Roads."

  " Indeed," I said, smiling, " and what
is this colour on the ivory ? ”

  " I forget, Macumazahn, who have had
it a great number of years, ever since it
descended to me from a forefather of mine
who was fashioned iti the same mould as
I am. It looks like blood, does it not ?
It is a pity that Mainecna is not still alive,
since she whose memory was so excellent
might have been able to tell you," and, as
he spoke, with a motion that was at once
sure and swift, he threw the loop of ele-
phant hair over my head.

  Hastily 1 changed the subject, feeling
that, after his wont, tliis old wizard, the
most terrible man whom ever 1 knew, who
had been so much concerncd with the
tragic death of Mameena, was stabbing at
me in some hidden fashion.

  '■ You tell me to go on this journey.” I
said, “ and not alone, and yet for com-
panion you give me only an ugly piece of
ivory shaped as no man ever was. ' litre 1
got one back at Zikali. " and from the
look of it steeped in blood, which ivory, if
I had my way, I would throw into the
camp fire. Who. then, am I to take with
me ? ”

  “ Don't do that. Macumazahn—1 mean
throw the ivory into the fire, since I have
no wish to burn before my time, and li
you do, you who have worn it might burn
with me. At least certainly you would
die with the magic thing and go to acquire
knowledge more quickly than you desire.
No, no, do not try to take it off your neck,
or rather try if you will.'

  I did try. but something seemed to pre-

vent me from accomplishing my purpose
of giving the carving back to Zikali as 1
wished to do. First my pipe got in the
way of my hand, then the elephant hairs
caught in the collar of my coat; then a
pang of rheumatism, to which 1 was accus-
tomed from an old injury, developed of a
sudden in my left arm. and lastly I seemed
to grow tired of bothering about the thing.

  Zikali. who had been watching my move-,
ments, burst out into one of his terrible
laughs that seemed to fill the whole kloof:
and re-echo from its rocky walls. It died,
away, and he went on. without further
reference to the talisman or image.

  “ You asked who you were to take with
you. Macumazahn. Well, as to this. I
must make inquiry of those who know.
Man. my medicines ! ”

  From the shadows in the hut behind
darted out a tall figure carrying a great
spear in one hand and in the other a cat-1
skin bag. which with a salute he laid down!
at the feet of his ma-ster. This salute, by I
the way. was that of a Zulu word which |
means “ Lord." or " Home of Ghosts.”

  Zikali groped in the bag and produced |
from it certain knucklebones.

  " A common method.” lie muttered, I
” such as every vulgar wizard uses, but one
that is quick, and. as the matter concerned j
is small, will serve my turn. Let us tee
now, whom you shall take with you.j
Macumazahn.’

  He breathed upon the bones, shook j
them up in his thin hands, and with a j
quick turn of the wrist threw them into,
the air. Then he studied them carefully.!
where they lay among the ashes he had j
raked out of the fire, those which he had
used for the drawing of his map

  " Do you know a man named Umslopo-,
gaas. Macumazahn. the chief of a tnbe tbati
is called the People of the Axe. whose!
titles of praise arc Bulalio. or the Slangh-;
terer and Woodpecker, the latter from the
way he handles his axe ? He is a savage;
fellow, but one of high blood and highcf
courage, a great captain in his way, though
he will never come to anything, save a:
glorious death—in your company. I think.;
Macumazahn." (Here hcstudied the bone#,
again for a while.) " Yes. I am sure, i»
your company, though not upon this jour-
ney. I think that this wolf-man. this axe-
man. this warrior. Umslopogp.as. would b*
a good fellow to you on your journey to
visit the white witch Queen."

  “ I have heard of him," I answered cau-
tiously. " It is said in the land tliat he i*
a son of Chaka. " Is there any one else ? ’’i
Rider Haggard

  Alkali glanced at the bones again, pok-
*ng them about in the ashes with his toe,
then replied, with a yawn.

. Vou seem to have a little yellow man
youx service, a clever snake who knows
now to creep through grass, and when to
strike and when to lie hidden. I should
him too, if I were you.”

  “ You know well that I have such a
IlJ3n, Zikali, a Hottentot named Hans,
able in his way. but drunken, very faith-
ful too, since he loved my father before
nie. He is cooking my supper at the
wagon now. Are there to be any others ? "
" Xo. I think you three will be enough,
'rith a guard of soldiers from the People
9* the Axe. for you will meet with fight-
ing. and a ghost or two."

  Here of a sudden ho shivered violently
and cried : •• Slave, bring me my blanket, it
grows cold, and my medicine also, that
"'Inch protects me from the ghosts, who
are thick to-night. Macumazahn brings
them. ! think. Oho-ho ! "

  Then he waved his hand to dismiss me,
and I went, wondering,

CHAPTER 11

THE MESSENGERS

1 t»iu not rest as 1 should that night; some-
how I was never able to sleep well in the
Neighbourhood of the Black Kloof. I sup-
pose that Zikali’s constant talk about
ghost*, with his hints and innuendoes con-
cerning those who were dead, always af-
fected my nerves, till in a subconscious
»ay 1 began to believe that such things
listed and were hanging about me. Many
people are open to the power of suggestion.
*«d I am atraid that I am one ol them.
However, the sun. which has such strength
to kill noxious things, puts an end to
ghosts more quickly even than it does to
r‘ther evil vapours and emanations, and
"hen I woke up to find it shining brilliantly
1° a pure heaven. I laughed with much
heartiness over the whole affair.

  Going to the spring near which we were
'Jut-->panued. 1 took oS my shirt to have a
good wash, still chuckling at the memory
all the hocus-pocus of my old friend, the
Opener of Roads
While engaged in this matutinal opera-
tion. I struck my hand against sometluug.
*»d looking, observed that it was the
Wdeous little ivory image of Zikali. which
h* had set about my ncck. The sight of
thi; thing and the memory oi his ridiculous
*•11; about it. e»pcciullv ol his as^erti-m
’hat it had cmuc down to him through

the ages, which it could not have done,
seeing that it was a likeness of himself,
irritated me so much that I proceeded to
take it oil with the lull intention of throw-
ing it into the spring. As I was in the act
of doing this, from a clump of reeds mixed
with bushes quite close to me. there came
a sound of hissing, and suddenly above
them appeared the head of a great black
mamba, perhaps the deadliest of all our
African snakes, and the only one 1 know
which will attack man without provoca-
tion.

  Leaving go of the image, 1 sprang back
in a great hurry towards where my gun
lay. Then the snake vanished, and mak-
ing sure that it had departed to its hole,
which probably was at a distance, I re-
turned to the pool, and once more began
to take oil the talisman in order to consign
it to the bottom of the pool.

  After nil. 1 reflected, it was a hideous,
and probably a. blood-stained thing which
I did not in the least wish to wear about
my neck like a lady’s love-token.

  Just as it was coming over my head,
suddenly from the other side of the bush
that infernal snake popped up again, tins
time, it was clear, really intent on busmc^.

It began to move towards me in the light-
ning-like way mambas have, hissing and
flicking its tongue. 1 was too quick for my
friend, however, for snatching up the gun
that 1 had laid down beside me, I let it .
have a charge of buckshot in the neck which
nearly cut it in two. so that it fell down and
expired with hideous, convulsive writhing*.

  Hearing the shot. Hans came running
from the wagon to see what was the matter.
Hans, I should say. was that same Hotten-
tot who had been the companion of most
of my joumeyings since my father's day.
He was with me when as a young fellow 1
accompanied Retief to Dingaan’s kraal,
and, like myself, escaped the massacre.*
Also we shared many other adventures, in-
cluding the great one in the Land of the
Ivory Child, where be slew the huge ele-
phant god. Jana, and himself was slain.
But of t his journey we did not dream in
those days.

  For the rest Hans was a most entirely
unprincipled person, but. as the- Boers say.

'* as clever as a wagonload of monkey*.’*
Also he drank when he got the chance.
One good quality he had, however ; no man
was ever more faithful, and perhaps it
would be true to say that neither man nor
woman ever loved me. unworthy, quite so
well. In npp^imisce he rather resembled

         •	Sc<- tt»« tw»>k <alled Mam
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

an antique and dilapidated baboon; his
face was wrinkled like a dried nut. and his
quick little eyes were bloodshot. I never
knew what his age was. any more than he
did liimsolf, but years liad left him tough
as whipcord and absolutely untiring.
Lastly he was perhaps the best hand at
following a spoor that ever I knew. and.
up to a hundred and fifty yards or so. a
very deadly shot with a rifle, especially
when he used a little single-barrelled,
muzzlo-loading gun of mine made by Pur-
dey, which he named Inlotnbi. or Maiden.
Of that gun. however, I have written in
The Holy Flower and elsewhere.

  " What is it. Baas ? " he asked. “ Here
there are no lions, nor any game.”

  " Look the other side of the bush, Hans."
He slipped round it. making a wide circle
with his usual caution, then, seeing the
snake—which, by the way, was, I think, the
biggest mamba I ever killed—suddenly
froze as it were in a stiff attitude that re-
minded me of a pointer when ho scents
game. Having made sure that it was
(lead, he nodded, and said.

  “ Black mamba, nr so you would call it,
though I know it for something else.”

  ” WhBt else, Hans ? "

  " One of the old witch-doctor Zikali's
spirits which he set at the mouth of this
kloof to warn him who comes or goes. I
know it well, and so do others. 1 saw it
listening behind a stone when you were up
the kloof last evening talking with the
Opener of Roads.”

  '■ Then Zikali will lack a spirit," I an-
swered, laughing, " which perhaps he will
not miss amongst so many. It serves him
right for setting the brute on me."

  " Quite so. Baas. He will bo angry. I
wonder why he did it ? '* he added sus-
piciously, *• seeing that he is such a friend
of yours.”

  " He didn't do it at all, Hans. These
snakos are very fierce and give battle, that
is all."

  Hans paid no attention to my remark,
which probably he thought only worthy
of a white man who does not understand,
but rolled his yellow, bloodshot eyes about,
as though in search of explanations. Pre-
sently they fell upon the ivory that hung
about my neck, and he started.

  " Why do you wear that pretty likene**
of the Great One y nder over your heait,
as I have known you do with thing* that
belonged to women in psst days. Baas ?
Do you not know that it is Zikali’a Great
Medicine, as every one does throughout the
land ? When Zikali sends an order tar

away, he always sends that image with iU
for then he who receives the order kno'V*
that he must obey or die. Also the me#
senger knows that he will come to no liarifl
if he does not take it off. bccanse, Baa*
the image is Zikali himself, and Zikali i*
the image. They are one and the same.
Also it is the imago of his father's father'*
father—or so he says."

  " That is an odd story," I said. Then
f told Hans as much n» I thought advisable
of how this horrid little talisman came into
my posset-sion.

  Hans nodded without showing any sur-,
prise.

  " So we are going on a long journey.” he
said. " Well. Baas, 1 thought it was timl
that we did sometlung more than wai:de*
about these tame countries selling blanket*
to stinking old women and so forth."

  To myself I determined, however, not
only that 1 would not travel north to seek
that which no living man will ever find,
certainty as to the future, but also, to show
my independence of Zikali. that I w uld
not visit this chief. Umslop gaas. So*
having traded all my goods and made a fair
profit, on paper, 1 set myself to return to,
Natal, proposing to rest awhile in my little
house at Durban, and told Hans my mind.

  " Very good. Baas," he said. “ I, too;
should iike to go to Durban. There art
lots of things there that we cannot get
here." and he fixed his roving eye upon a
square-face gin bottle, which as it happened]
was filled with nothing stronger thaOf
water, because all the gin v.as drunk.
" Yet. Baas, we shall not see the Berea loG
a long while."

   Why do you say that ?" 1 uvkedi-
sharply.

  " Oh ! Baas. I don't know, but yon went*-
to visit the Opener of Roads, did you not.^
and he told you to go north, and lent voO;
the Great Medicine, did he not ? " and,
Hans proceeded to light hi* corncob pipe:
with an ash from the fire, all the time keep-;
ing his beady eyes fixed upon that part of
mewhere he knew the talisman was hangings

  " Quite true. Hans, but now 1 mean U»
.show Zikali that I am not his messenger,;
for S uth or North or Jiast or West. SO
to-morrow morning we cross the river and
trek for Natal.”

  " Yes, Baas, but then why not cross it
this evening ? There will ■ till be light." j

  " I have said that we cross it to-monr©^!
morning." I answered, with that fimines*
which I have read always indicate* a n.afl
of character, •• and I do not change m.V
word."

20
,	Baas, but sometimes other tilings

 wiangc besides -words. Will the Baas have
 •at buck s leg for supper, or the stuff out of

 *	tin with a dim in it. which we bought at a
 “tore two years ago ? The flies have gc.t at the
 ouck'i leg. but I cut out tho bit with the
 "“Kota on it and ate it myself."

   Hans was right, things do change, especially
 *te weather. That night, unexpectedly, for
 l_ *cn I turned in the %ky seemed quite serene.
 u.c came a terrible rain long before It was
 “Oc, which lasted off and on for three whole
 and continued intermittently for an in-
 Jh-ntta Pcriod- Needless to say. the river,
 thv U would have been so easy to cross on
 ***** particular evening, by the morning was a
 I gjghg torrent, and so remained for several
 SWW. In despair at length I trekked south,
 "here a ford was reported, which, when
 '^clied proved impracticable I tried another
 dozen miles farther on. which was very hard
 *®cotne to over boggy land. It looked all
 ta \ aiiJ Wc wcre getting across finely, when
 ffjjjenly one of the wheels sank in an unsus-
 [gyed hole and (here we stuck. Indeed, I
 •Mieve the wagon. <•€ bits of it. would have
 plained in tlie neighbourhood of that ford to
 day had I not managed to borrow some
 **ra oxen belonging to a Christian Kaffir, and
 *Jto their help to drag it back to the bank
 •hence we had started.

As ithapimned, I was only just in time, since

 *	new Storm which had burst farther ilp the
 nver brought It down in flood again, a very
 0e*vy <lo«d.

 After this I confessed myself beaten, and gave
 SV*>ntil such time as it should please Provi-
 to turn off Uw water-tap. Trekking out
 *»ght of that infernal river, which annoyed
 f1* with Its constant gurgling. I camped on
 ? Comparatively dry spot that overlooked a
 “•autiful litretch of rolling veld. Towards
 the clouds lifted, and I saw a mile or
 I away a most extraordinary mountain, on
 I S® lower slopes of which grew a dense forest.

     upper part, which was of bare rock, looked
 "gctly hkc a seated figure of a grotesque
 with the chin resting on the breast
 ®«e warn the head, there were the arm*, there
 I, the knees. Indeed, the whole mass of
 M»Wiiuiltid me strongly of the effigy of Zikali
 fQKh was tied about my neck, or rather, of
 **kaU himself.

 .jV "’hat is that called ? " I said to Hans.

          to tiu* strange hill, now blaring with
 r1* angry fire of the setting »un that had burst
 IgJ’betwcen the storm clouds and made it
 more ominous even than before
 y. That is the Witch Mountain, Baas where
 jT* Chief L'mUnpogaas and a bloo<! brother of
 J* who carried a great club u±ed to hunt
 ."h the wolves. It is haunted, and in a cave
 I th * toP of lie 4110 boncs o{ ^*3da the Lily,
 r*e fair woman whose name is a song, she who
 ** the love of Umslopogaas,"

 ^^JubUsh.” I said, though I bad heard
 yT^thinn of all th*t story, and remembered
 S'Zikall had mentioned thi* Nada. com par -
 8 her in beauty to another whom once 1 know.

Rider Haggard

  •• Where then lives the Chief Umslopogaas ? "

  •• They say his town is yonder on the plain.
Baas. It is called tho Place of the Axe. and
strongly fortified with a river round most of it,
and his people arc the People of the Axe. They
are a fierce people, and all the country round
here is so uninhabited because Umslopogaas
has cleaned out the tribes who used to live in
it. first with his wolves and afterwards in
war. He is so strong a chief and so terrible
in battle that even Chaka himself was afraid
of him. and Dingaan the king they say he
brought to his end because of a quarrel about
this Nada. Cetywayo, the present king, loo,
leaves hini alone, and to him he pays no tri-
bute.”

  Whilst I wan about to ask Hans from whom
he had collected all this information, suddenly
I heard sounds, and, looking up, saw three tall
men, clad in full herald's drcas, rushing towards
us at great speed.

  ” Here come some chips from the Axe,"
said Hans, and promptly bolted into the wagon.

  I did not bolt because there was no time to
do so without loss of dignity, but. although I
wished I had my rifle with me, just sat still
upon my stool and with great deliberation
lighted my pipe, taking not the slightest notice
oI the three savage-looking fellows. These men.
that I noted carried axes instead of assegais,
rushed straight at me with the axes raised in
such a fashion that any one unacquainted with
the habits of Zulu warriors of the old school
might have thought that they intended no-
thing short of murder. As I expected, how-
ever. within about six feet of me they halted
suddenly and stood there still as statues. For
my part I went on lighting my pipe as though
1 did not see them, and wlion at length I was
obliged to lift my head, surveyed them with
an air of mild interest. Then I took a little
book out of my pocket, it was my favourite
copy of thelrgoldsby Legends. and bc^an to read.

  This proceeding astonished them a good deal,
who felt that they had. so to speak, missed fire.
At last the soldier in the middle said.

  ” Are you blind. White Man 5 "

  “ No, Black Fellow." I answered. •• but 1
am short-sighted. Would yon be so good as
to stand out of my light? a remark which
puzzled them so much that all three drew back
a few paces.

  When I had read a little farther. I shut up
the book, and remarked,

  •• If you arc wanderers who want food, as
I lodge by yonr being «o thin. I ant sorry that
I have little meat, but my servants will give
you what they can."

  ** Ow t “ said tho spokesman, *• he calls as
wanderers I Either he must be a very great
man or he is road."

  " You are right. I am m great man.” I
answered, yawning. " and if you trouble mo
too much, you will sec that I can be mad also.
Now. what do you want ? "

  ” We are messengers from the great Chief
Umslopogaas, Captain of the People of the
Axs and we want tribute." answered the man
in a somewhat changed tone

21
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

      Do you ? Then you won't get it. I
  thought that only the King of Zululand had a
  right to tribute, and your Captain's name is
  not Cetywayo, is it ? "

     '• Our Captain is King here." said the man
  still more uncertainly.

       Is he indeed ? Xlien away with you back
  to him and tell this king of whom I never
  heard, though 1 have a message for a certain
  L'mslopogaas, that Macumazahn, Watcher by
  Night, will visit him to-morrow, if he will send
  a guide at the first light to show the be^t path
  for the wagon."

     " Hearken.” said the man to his companions.
   '• this is Macumazahn himself. Well, we

  thought it, for no other would have dared-”

     Then they saluted with their axes, calling
  me Chief and other fine names, and departed
  as they had come, at a run, calling out that
  my message should be delivered, and that
  doubtless the Chief would send the guide.

     So it came about that, quite contrary to my
   intention, after all circumstances brought me
   to the Town of the Axe. Even at the last
   moment I had not meant to go there, but
   when the tribute was demanded. 1 saw that it
   was best to do so, and. having once passed my
   word, it could not be altered ; indeed. I felt
   sure that in this event there would be trouble,
   and that my oxen would be stolen, or worse.

     So Pate having issued its decree, of which
  Hans's version was tliat Zikali, or his Great
  Medicine, had so arranged things. I shrugged
  my shoulders and waited.

UlAPTER 111

L'MSLOPOGAAS OK THE AXE

  Next morning at the dawn guides arrived from
  tile Town of the Axe, bringing with them a
  yoke of spare oxen, which showed that its
  thief was really anxious to see me So in due
  course we insponned and started, the guide*
  leading us by a rough but practicable road
  down the steep hillside to the saucerlike plain
  beneath, where I saw many cattle grazing.
  Travelling soinc miles across this plain wc
  came at last to a river of no great breadth
  that encircled a considerable Kaffir town on
  three sides, the fourth being protected by a
  little line of koppies which were joined to-
  gether with walls. Also the placc was strongly
  fortified with fences and in every other way
  known to tho native mind.

     With the help of the spare oxen wc crossed
  the river safely at the ford, although it was
  very full, and on the farther side were received
  by a guard of inept. tall, soldier-like fellows, all
  of them armed with axe*. a* the messengers
  had been. They led us up to the cattle en-
  closure in the centre of the town, which, al-

*	though it could be used to protect beasts in
  case of emergency, also served the practical
  purpose of a public square.

    Here some ceremony was in progress, for
  soldiers stood round the kraal while herald*
  pranced and shouted. At the head of the

place in front of the chiefs big hut was a litti
group of people, among whom a big gaud
man sat upon a stool clad in a warrior's dres
with a great and very long axe, halted wit
wire-lashed rhinoceros horn, laid across b*
knees. Our guides led me. with Hans sne**
ing after me like a dejected and low-bred do
(for the wagon had stopped outside the gate)
across the kraal to where the heralds shoute
and the big man sat yawning. At once
noted that he was a very remarkable persoi
broad and tall and spare of frame, with lon|
tough-lookiug arms, a fierce face which r*
minded me of that of the late king. Dingaad
a great hole in his head above the temple whet
the skull had been driven in by some bio*
and keen, royal-looking eyes. He looked Up
and seeing me. cried.

  •• What ! Has a white man come to rigb
me for the chieftainship of the People of tfc1
Axe ? Well, he is a small one."

  '• No.” I answered quietly. " but Mac urn2
zahn. Watcher by Night, has come to visit ya
in answer to vonr request. O Umslopogaas-*
Macumazahn. whose name was known in tS»
land before yours was told of. O Umslopogaa*.:
The Chief heard, and rising from his sea*
lifted the big axe in salute.

  •• I greet you. O Macumazahn.” he sai<

•	who. although you are small in stature, at
very great indeed in fame. Have I not hear
how you conquered Bangu. although Sadufc
slew him. and of how you gave up the =*
hundred head of cattle to Tshoza and the m<
of the Amangwane who fought with you. tl>
cattle that were your own ? Have I n<J
heard how you led the Amawombe against th
Csutu and stamped flat three of Cetywayo
regiments in the days of Panda, although, alaS
because of an oath of mine I lifted no steel '
that battle. I who will have nothing to 0
with those who spring from the blood »'
Senzangacona. perhaps because I snjcll 10
strongly of it. Macumazahn. Oh ! yes, I hav
heard these and many other things concert
ing you. though until now it has never
my fortune to look upon your face. O Watcfc
by Night, and therefore I greet you W»
Bold one. Cunning one. Upright one. 1'ricnd (
us Black People."	,

  •• Thank you," I answered. " but you s*
something about fighting. II there is to !
anything of the sort, let us get it over I ( ff
want to fight, I am quite ready.” and I tapf*
the ntle which ! earned

  The grira Chief broke into a laugh, and sa*
'• Listen. By an ancient law any man <
a certain day in each year may tight me
this Chieftainship as I fought him who U*
it before me. and take it from me with t*
life and the Axe. though of late none seem 1
like the business. But that law was ma<
before there were guns. c.r men like Macuitt
zahn who. it is said, can hit a grasshopper c
a wall at fifty paces Therefore I tell y*
that if you wish to fight me. O Macutnazah
f give in and you may have the chieftainship-
and he laughed again in his fierce fa«hion I
•• I think it is too hot for lighting, eith^
Rider Haggard

with guns or axes, and chieftainships are honey
“at is full of stinging bees." 1 answered.

  Then I took my seat on a stool that had
"Jen brought for me and placed by the side
°* Umslopocaas, after which the ceremony
went on.

  The heralds, having cried out the challenge
Wall and sundry to come and fight the Holder
°, the Axe for the Chieftainship of the Axe
"ithout the slightest result, since nobody
seemed to desire to do anything of the sort’,
j-'nislopogaas. after a pause, rose, swinging
"is formidable weapon round his head, and
declared that by right of conquest he was
Chief of the People for the ensuing year, an
*ooounccment that everybody accepted with-
out surprise.

  After a pause he said.

“ Why do you come to visit me. Macumi-
who have never done so before ? ”

  “ I do not come to visit you. Umslopogaas.
‘bat was not my intention. You brought me.
J* rather, the flooded rivers and you together
bought me, for I was on my way to Natnl
ami could not cross the drifts'."

"Yet I think you have a message for me.
White Man. for not long ago a certain wander-
ln8 witch-doctor who came here told me to
f*Pect you. and that you had words to say
me."

  " Did he. Umslopogaas ? Well, it is true
*bat 1 have a message, though it is one that 1
“id not mean to deliver."

. “ Yet being here, perchance you will deliver
Macumazahn, for those who have message*
*Od will not speak them sometimes cotne to

trouble.”

  " Yes. being here, I will deliver it. seeing
»at so it seems to be fated, but on one con-
dition only, that what the ears hear, the heart
“hall keep to itself alone ”

  Umslopogaas laid his hand upon the broad
*lge of the weapon beside him. and said
" By the Axe I swear it. If 1 break the
°»th. be the Axe my doom."

  Then I told him the tale, as I have set it
'-own already, thinking to myself that of it he
'*'»uld understand little, being but a wild
*arrior-man. A* it chanced, however. I was
“mistaken, for he seemed to understand a great
Ueal. perchance because such primitive natures
**e in closer touch with high and secret things
*kan we imagine, perchance for other reasons
*ith which I became acquainted later,

  *• Well. White Man." he said at length, •• now
**ow am 1 to know that oil this is not but a
'rap for my feet which already seem to feel
J?rds between the toes of both of them ?
"’hat token do you bring, O Watcher by
^ight ? How am I to know that the Opener
J* Roads really 'em me this message which
k** been delivered so strangely by one who
*«h*d to travel on another path ? "

  “ I can't say." I answered, “ at least in
words But," I added after tel’ret ion. " aa
yon ask for a token, perhaps 1 might bo able
Jo show yon something that would bring proof

•oyour heart.if there were any secret place -“

  t-'mslopogaas walked to the gateway of the

fence and saw that the sentry was at his post.
Then he walked round the hut. casting an eye
upon its roof, and muttered to me as he re-
turned.

  •• Once I was caught thus. There lived a
certain woman who set her oar to the smoke-
hole and so brought about the death of many,
and among them of herself and of our children.
Enter. All is safe. Yet if you talk speak
low.”

  So we went into the hut, taking the stools
with us. and seated ourselves by the fire tliat
burned there, on to which Umslopogaas threw
chips of resinous Wood.

    Now,*’ he said.

  I opened my shirt, and by the bright light
of the flame showed hitn the image of Zikali
which hung about my neck. He stared at it,
though touch it he would not. Then he stood
up. and lifting his great axe. he saluted the
image with the word, " MttAosi ! " the salute
that is given to great wizards because they
arc supj>oscd to be the home of many spirits

   " It is the big Medicine, the Medicine itself,'*
he said. “ tliat which has been known in the
land since the time of Seuzangacona, the father
of the Zulu royal house, and as it is said be-
fore him."

  He sat down again and was silent fur a long
time At last he spoke, slowly,

  ” You wish to consult a white witch-doc-
toress. Macumazahn, who, according to Zikali.
lives far to the north, as to the dead. ‘Now 1
too, though perchance you will not think it
of a black man. desire to learn of the dead ;
yes, of a certain wife of my youth who was
sister and friend as well as wife, whom, too. I
loved better than all the world ; also of a
•brother of mine whose name I do not speak,
who ruled the wolves with me and who died
at my side on yonder Witch-Mountain. having
made him a mat of men to lie on in a great
and glorious fight. For of him as of the
woman I think all day and dream all night,
nnd I would learn if they still live anywhere,
and I may look to sec them again when 1 have
rlied as a warrior should, and as I hope to do.
Do you understand. Watcher by Night ? **

  I answered that 1 understood very well, as
his case seemed to be like my own.

  "It may happen."* went on I'm-lopogaas,
" that all this talk of the dead, who are sup-
posed to live utter they are dead, is but as the
sound of wind whispering in the reeds at
night, that comes from nowhere and goes no-
where and means nothing But at least it
will be a great journey in which we shall find
adventure and nghtinc. since it is well known
in the land that wherever Macumazahn goes
there is a plenty of both. Also. 1 think that
we shall agree well together, though my temper
Is rough at times, and that neither of us will
desert the other in trouble, though of that
little yellow dog of yours I am not so sure."

  *' I answer for him." 1 replied. ** Me is a
true man and a cunning when once he is away
from drink '*

  Then we spoke of plans for our journey,

23
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

and of where we should meet to make it. talk-
ing till it was late, after which 1 went to
sleep in the guest hut.

          CHAPTER IV
THE UOX AND THE AXE
Next day early I left tho town of the People
of the Axe. having bid a formal farewell to
Umslopogaas. saying, in a voice which all
could hear, that as the rivers were still flooded.
I proposed to tTek to the northern parts of
Zululand and trade there until the weather
was better. Our private arrangement, how-
ever, was that on the night of the next full
moon, which happened four weeks later, we
should moot at the eastern foot of a certain
great, flat-topped mountain known to both of
us. which stands to the north of Zululand, but
well beyond its borders.

  So northward I trekked, slowly to spare my
oxen, trading as I went. The details do not
matter, but. as it happened, I met with more
luck upon that journey than had come ray
way for many a long year. Although I worked
on credit, since nearly all my goods were sold,
as owing to my repute I could always do in
Zululand. I made some excellent bargains in
cattle, and. to top up with, bought a large lot
of ivory so chcap that really I think it must
have been stolen All of this, cattle and ivory
together. I Rent to Natal in charge of a white
friend of mine whom I could trust, where the
stuff was duly sold very well indeed, and the
proceeds paid to my account, the " trade ”
equivalents being duly remitted to the native
vendora. In fact, my good fortune was such
that if 1 had been superstitious like Hans. I
should have been inclined to attribute it to-
tho influence of Zikali's "Great Medicine."
As it wa9. I knew it to be one of the chances
of a trader's life, and accepted it with a shrug,
as often I had been accustomed to do in the
alternative of losses.

  In due course and without accident, for the
weather, which had been so wet, had now
turned beautifully fine and dry. we came to
the great, flat-topped hill where Umslopogaas
awl I had agreed to meet, trekking thither
over high, sparsely Umbered veld that offered
few difficulties to the wagon. This hill, which
was known to such natives aa lived in those
parts by a long word that means " Hut-with-
a-flat-roof," is surrounded by forests, for here
trees grow wonderfully well, perhaps because of
the water that flows from its slopes. Forcing
our way through this forest, which was full of
game, I reached its eastern foot, and there
camped five days before that night of full moon
on which I had arranged to meet Unulopoga&s.

  At some time or other there had been a native
village at this spot; probably the Zulus had
cleaned it out in long-past years, for I found
human bones black with age lying in the lony
grass. Indeed the cattle kraal still remained,
and in such good condition that by piling up
a fow stones here and there on the walk, and
cloning the narrow entrance with thorn bushes.

we could still use it to enclose our oxen at nigB
This I did for fear lest there should be licfl
about, though 1 had neither seen nor heard an

  The days went by pleasantly enough wit
lots to eat. since whenever we wanted meat
had only to go a few yards to shoot a fa: buc
at a spot whither they trekked to dtink in th
evening.

  The moon came up in silver glory, and after
had taken a good look at her for luck, also ati
the veld within sight, I turned in. An hoi
or two later some noise from the direction <
the cattle kraal woke me up. As it did n<
recur. I thought that I would go to sleep n.^ail
Then an uneasy thought came to me that
could not remember having looked to 3«
whether the entrance was properly closed, i
it was my habit to do. It was the same sot
of troublesome doubt which in a civilised honS
makes one get out of bed and go up the
passages to the sitting-room to see whet
one has put out the lamp. It always pro-
that one has put it out, but that does not j
vent a repetition of the performance next t>
the perplexity arises. 1 reflected that per*
the noise was caused by the oxen pushing f
way through the carelessly closed entra'
and at any rate that I had better go to
So I slipped on ray boots and a coat and w
without waking Hans or the boys, only talri:
with me a light, single-barrelled rifle which
used for shooting small buck, but no ir
cartridges.

  Now in front of the gateway of the catt
kraal, shading it. grew a single big tree of *
wild hg order. Passing under this tree I loo?
and saw that the gateway was quite seeur
closed, as now I remembered. I had noted
sunset. Then I started to go back, but !
not stepped more than two or three paces w*-
in the bright moonlight. I saw the head of m
smallest ox, a beast of the Zulu breed, s
denly appear over the top of the wall. A;
this there would have been nothing part:
larly astonishing, had it not been for the f?
that, as I could tell from the closed eyes a
the hanging tongue, this head belonged to
dead animal.

  " What in the name of goodness-" I

gan to myself, when my reflections were
short by tho appearance of another head, t!
of one of the biggest lions I ever saw. w‘
had the ox by the throat and, with the en
mous strength that is given to these creatu-
by getting its back beneath the body,
deliberately hoisting it over the wall, to
it away to devour at it# leisure.

  There was the brute within twelve feet
me. and. what is more, it saw me as I saw i
and stopped, still holt+iug the ox by the thr

  •' What a chance for Allan Quatermain I
course he shot it dead." I can latlcy any
saying who knows me by repute, also that
the gift of God I am handy with a rifle.

  Well, so it should have been. foT even wi
the small-bore piece that I carried, a
ought to have pierced through the soft
of the throat to the brain and killed that
hon os dead as Julius Cutr. T

*4
ea there w«s a mod awful noi*e of roaring, ana wncmni loana » sa«*
•er I shall see again. A tall, grim black man was fighting the great lion,
one paw, but still stood upon Its hind legs, striking at him with th<
Hutchinson's Story Magazine

the thing was easy enough ; indeed, although
naturally I was startled for a moment, by the
time that I had the rifle to my' shoulder I had
little fear of the issue, unless indeed there
was a miss-fire. especially as the beast was so
astonished that it remained quite still.

  Then the unexpected happened, as it gener-
ally does in life, particularly in hunting, which.
In my case, is a part of life. I fired, but by
misfortune the bullet struck the tip of the
horn of that confounded ox. which tip either
was or at that moment fell in front of the spot
on the lion's throat whereat half-unconsciously
I had aimed. Kesult, the ball was turned,
and, departing at an angle, just cut through
the skin of the lion's neck, deeply enough
to lmrt it very much and to make it madder
than all the hatters in the world.

  Dropping the ox. with a most terrific roar,
it came over the wall at me: I remember that
there seemed to be yards of it—I mean of the
lion—in front of which there appeared a
cavern full of gleaming teeth.

  I skipped back with much agility, also
slightly to one side, because there was nothing
else to do. reflecting in a kind of inconsequent
way that Zikali's Great Medicine was after
all not worth a curse. The lion landed on my
side of the wall and reared itself upon its hind
legs before getting to business, towering high
above me but a little to my left. Then I saw
a strange thing. A shadow thrown by the
moon flitted past me—all I noted of it was tho
distorted shape of a great lifted axe. probably
because the axe came first. This shadow fell,
and with it another shadow, that of a lion's
paw dropping to the ground. Then there was
a most awful noise of roaring, and wheeling
round I saw such a fray as never I shall see
again. A tall, grim black man was lighting
the great lion, that now lacked one paw. but
still stood upon its hind legs, striking at him
with the other.

  The man. who was absolutely silent, dodged
the blow and hit back with tho axe. catching
the beast upon the breast with such weight
that it came to the ground in a lopsided
fashion, since it had only one paw on which
to light.

  The axe flashed up again, and before the
lion could recover itself, or do anything else,
fell with a crash upon its skull, sinking deep
into the head, after which all was over, for the
beast's brain was cut in two.

  “ I am here at the appointed time. .Macu-
mazahn.” said Umslopogaas. for it was he. as
with difficulty he dragged the axe from the
lion's severed skull, " to find you watching by
night as it is reported that you always do."

  •• No.” I retorted, for his tone irritated me,

” you arc late, Bulalio, the moon has been up
some hours.”

  " I said, O Macumarahn. that I would meet
you on tho night of the full moon, not at the
riling of the moon.”

  "That is true,” I replied, mollified, "and
at any rate you came at u good moment.”

  " Yes.” he answered. " though, an it hap-
pens, in this light the thing was easy to any-

one who can handle an axe. Had it be*
darker, the end might have been diilereO
But, Macumazahn. you are not so clever as
thought, since otherwise you would not hat
come out against a Uon with a toy like that,
and he pointed to the little rifle in my hand

  " I did not know that there was a hoi
Umslopogaas."

  " That is why you are not so clever as
thought, since of one sort or another there
always a lion which wise men should be pr*
pared to meet, Macumazahn.”

  Then he turned and wliistled, and beholt
out of the long grass that grew at a little di
tance. emerged twelve great men, all of thd
bearing axes and wearing cloaks of hy.ef
skins, who saluted me by raising their axes.

  " Set a watch and skin me this beast b
dawn. It will make us a mat," said Umsl
pogaas, whereon again they saluted silent
and melted away.

  " Who arc these ? ” I asked.

  •• A few picked warriors whom I brougb
with me, Macumazahn. There were one
tv.-a more, but they got lost on the way."

  Then we went to the wagon, and spoke
more that night.

  Next morning we started on our journey.

  Now. while he was preparing to draw-
map in the ashes, or afterwards. 1 forget wh
Zikali bad told me that when we drew near W
the great river, we should come to a place 1
the edge of bush-veld that ran down to tM
river where a white man lived, adding tbaj
he thought this white man was a " trek-Boer.'

  This, I should explain, means a Dutchrna
who lias travelled away from wherever he live
and made a home for himself in tho wilderne*
as some wandering spirit and the desire to b
free of authority often prompts these people t
do. Also, after an inspection of his enchant^
knuckle bones, he had declared that soffl*
thing remarkable would happen to this mi
or his family, while I was visiting him.
in that map he drew in the ashes, the
of which were so indelibly impressed upon
memory, he had shown me where 1 should fi
the dwelling of this white man, of whom
of whose habitation doubtless he knew t
the many spies who seem to be at the
vice of all witch-doctors, and more es
of Zikali the greatest among them.

  Travelling by the sun and the compaM,
had trekked steadily in the exact directio
tliat he indicated, to find that in this useh>
particular he was well named the " Opener 5
Roads," since always before me I found •
practicable path, although to the right or tfc<
left there was none. Thus when we came t<
mountains, it was at a spot where we di*1
covered a pass: when we came to swa
it was where a ridge of high ground r*1
between them, and so forth. Also such tnfc*
as we met upon our journey always prove*
of a friendly character, although perhaps tfcf
aspect of XJmtlopogaas and his fierce ban®-
whom, rather irreverently, I named the twel**
Apostles. Iiad some share in inducing th"
peaceful attitude.

26
  So smooth was our progress, and to well

     » 1 **>' water »t certain intervals, that at
 ~®t I came to the conclusion that we must bo
 allowing some ancient road which, at a for-
 gotten period of history, had run from south
 ® north, or vice versa. Or rather, to be
 it was the observant Hans who made
 *■ discovery from various indications which
 rf* escaped my notice. I need not stop to
 . V*il them, but one of these was that at ccr-
 places the watcr-holos on high, rather
 '®**n land had been dug out. and in one or
 instances lined with stones, after the
 j*J**><jn of an ancient well Evidently »ve were
 2*J°»ing some old trade route, made perhaps
 J®‘Wgotten ages when Africa was more c ivilised
 ^ it is now.

   For seven days we trekked, till at length
 *e saw far away a vast sea of bush-veld which.
 y 1 guessed correctly, must fringe the great
 ^Uibcsi River. Moreover we. or rather Hans.

   -»v eyes were those of a hawk, saw some-
 ^ng else -namely, buildings of a more or
 J civilised kind, which stood among trees
 v the side of a stTeam a mile or two on this
 "de of the great belt of bush.

 Look. Baas," said Han?, •• those wanderers
 pd not lie ; there is the house of the white
 I wonder if he drinks anything stronger
 Jan water." he added, with a sigh, and a kind
 reminiscent contraction of his yellow throat.

CHAPTER V

INK

 ^■’8 had sighted the house from far away
 yrtly after sunrise, and by midday we were
 As wc approached it, I saw that it
 almost immediately beneath two great
 ?obab trees—banyan trees wc call them in
 jjpoth Africa, perhaps because monkeys eat
 ^rir fruit It was a thatched house, with
 ••itewaihed walls, and a slaep. or veranda.
 U«nd it. apparently of the ordinary Dutch
 vpe Moreover, beyond it. at a little distance.
 "Sre other houses, or rather shanties, with
 **gon sheds, etc.; and mixed up with these a
 **»nber of native huts Farther on wore con-
 JJerable held* with springing corn ; (ho we
 S* herds of cattle grazing ->o the slopes.
 -vidently our white man was rich.
 .Umslopogaas surveyed the place with a sol-
 ar's eye. and said to me.

  ’This roust be a peaceful country. Macu-
 EPxalm. where no attack is feared, since of
 ■'fences I see none ”

 L" Yes." 1 answered. " why not, with a wil-
 |g*»ess behind it and bush-veld and a great
 in front.”

 i " Men can cross rivers and travel through
 ^th-veld.” he answered, and was silent.

 ,-^'p to this time we had seen no one, al-
 'fough it might have been presumed that a
 **on trekking towards the house was a sofii-
 JPtttty unusual sight to have attracted atten

   ;• Where can they be ? ” I asked
 I "Asleep. Baas. I think," said Hans, and as
 | * matter of fact he wan right The whole

Rider Haggard

population of the place was indulging in a
noonday siesta.

   At last we got so near to the house that I
halted the wagon and descended from the
driving-box in order to investigate. At this
moment some one did appear, the sight of
whom astonished me not a little—namely, a
very striking-looking young woman. She was
tall, handsome, with large dark eyes, good
features, a rather pale complexion, and. 1 think,
the saddest face that 1 ever saw. Evidently
she liad beard the noise of the wagon and had
come out to see what it was. for she had no-
thing on her head, which was covered with thick
hair of a raven blackness. Catching sight ajI
the great Umslopogaas. with his gleaming axe.
and of his savage-looking bodyguard, she
uttered an exclamation and. not unnaturally,
turned to fly.

   “ It’s all right," 1 sang out. emerging from
behind the oxen, and in English, though before
the words had lptt my lips I reflected that
there was not the slightest reason to suppose
that she would understand them Probably
she was Dutch, or Portuguese, although by
some instinct T had addressed her in English.

   To my surprise she answered me in the same
tongue, spoken, it is true, with a peculiar
accent which 1 could not plncc. as it was neither
Scotch nor Irish.

   " Thank you." she said. " I, sir. was fright-
ened. Your friends look-" here she

stumbled for a word, then added, " terrocious.”

   I laughed at this composite adjective, and
ansu5rred.

   " Well, so they are in a way. though they
will not harm you or me. But, young lady,
tell me. can we outspan here ? Perhaps your

husband-”

   '• I have no husband ; I have only a father
sir." and she sighed.

   " Well, then, could I speak to your father ?
My name is Allan Quatcrmain. and i am mak-
ing a journey of exploration, to find out about
the country beyond, you know."

   " Yes, 1 will go and walte him. He is asleep.
Every one sleeps here at midday—except me "
she said, with another sigh.

   " Why do you not follow their example ? "
1 asked jocosely, for this young woman puzzled
me. and 1 wanted to find out about her

   " Because I sleep little, sir. who think too
much There will be plenty of lime to sleep
soon for all of us. will there not ? "

   1 stared at her, and then inquired her name,
because I did not know what civ: to say.

   " My name is Inez Robertson.” she answered.
" 1 will go to wake my father. Meanwhile,
please unyoke your oxen They can food
with the others . they look as though they
want rest poor things.” she added and went
into the house.

  '• Iner Robertson." I thought to mvself:
•• that's a queer combination. English father
and Portuguese mother. 1 suppose But what
can an Englishman be doing in a place like
this? If it had been a trek-Boer. I should
not have been surprised " Then I began to
give directions about out'-panning

27
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

  We had just got the oxen out of tbe yokes,
when a big, raw-boned, red-bearded, blue-eyed,
roughly-clad man of about fifty years of agi-
appeared from the house, yawning. I threw
my eye over him as he advanced with a peculiar
rolling gait, and formed certain conclusions.

A drunkard who has once been a gentleman, 1
reflected to myself, for thcro was something
particularly dissolute in his appearance, also one
who has had to do with the sea ; a diagnosis
which proved very accurate.

  " How do you do. Mr. Allan Quatermain ?—
which I think my daughter said is your name,
unless I dreamed it. for it is one that 1 seem
to have hoard before," he exclaimed, with a
broad Scotch accent which I do not attempt
to reproduce. " What in the name of blazes
brings you here, where no real white man has
been for years ? Well. I am glad enough to
see you. anyway, for I am sick of half-breed
Portuguese and niggers, anil snuff-and-buttcr
girls, and gin and bad whisky. Leave your
people to attend to those oxen and come in
and have a drink.”

  " Thank you. Mr. Robertson-"

  "Captain Robertson," he interrupted.

" Man. don't look astonished. Yon mightn't
guess it, but X commanded a mail steamer
once, and should like to hear myself called
rightly again before I die."

  He led the way into the sitting-room—there
was but one in the house. It proved a queer
kind of place, with rude furniture seated with
strips of hide after the Boer fashion, and yet
bearing a certain air of refinement which-was
doubtless due to Inez, who. with the assistance
of a native girl, was already engaged in setting
the table. Thus there was a shell with books.
Shakespeare was one of these. I noticed, over
which nung an ivory crucifix, suggesting that
Inez was a Catholic. On the walla, too, were
two good portraits, and on the window-ledge
a jar full of flowers. Also the forks and spoons
were of silver, as were the mugs, and engraved
with a tremendous coat-of-arms and a Portu-
guese motto.

  Presently the food appeared, which was ex-
cellent and plentiful, and the Captain, his
daughter and I sat down and ate. Also I
noted that he drank gin and water, an innocent-
looking beverage, but strong as he took it. It
was ofcered to mo. but, like Miss Inez. I preferred
coffee.

  During the meal and afterwards, while wo
smoked upou the veranda, I told them as
much as I thought desirable of my plans. I
said that I was engaged on a journey of ex-
ploration of the country beyond the Zambesi,
and that having heard of this settlement, which
by tho way was called Strathrnuir. as I
gathered, after a place in far-away Scotland
where the Captain had been born and pissed
his childhood, I had come here to Inquire as
to how to cross the great river, and about
other things. The Captain was interested,
especially when I informed him that I was that
same " Hontcr Quatermain " of whom he had
heard In past year*, but told me that it would
be impossible to take the wagon down into the

28

low bush-veld. which we could see on tl>
horizon, as there all the oxen would die of ti
bite of the tsetse fly. I answered that I w3
aware of this, and proposed to try to make a
arrangement to leave it in his charge till
returned,

   " That might be managed. Mr. Quatermain.1
he answered. " But. man. will you ever rfr
turn ? They say there are queer folk livio
on the other side of the Zambesi, savage m«
who arc cannibals—Araahagger, I think the
call them. It was they who in past yeax
cleaned out all this country, except a few riv«
tribes who live in floating huts or on island
among the reeds, and that's why it is so ompt}
But this happened long ago, much before to
time, and I don't suppose they will ever croa
the river again."

   " If I might ask. what brought yon heri
Captain ? " I said, for the point was one O
which I felt curious.

  " That which brings most men to wit
places. Mr. Quatermain—trouble. If you waj
to know, I had a misfortune and piled up
ship. Some lives were lost, and rightly
wrongly I got the sack. Then I started
a trader in a God-forsaken hole named C
one of the Zambesi mouths, you know,
did very well, as we Scotchmen have a way
doing. There I married a Portuguese lady,
real lady of high blood, one of the old
When my girl, Inez, was about twelve y
old I got into more trouble, for my wife di
and it pleased a certain relative of her* to
that it was because I had neglected her '
ended in a row. and the truth is that I kill
him—in fair fight, mind you. Still, kill him
did, though I scarcely knew that 1 had d
it at the time, after which the place grew t
hot to hold me. So I sold up and a*
that I would have no more to do with w
they choose to call civilisation on the
Coast. During my trading I had heard t
there was fine country up this way, and h
I came and settled years ago. bringing
girl and Thomaso, who was one of my ma
gers. also a few other people with me.
here I have been ever iince, doing very
as before, for I trade a lot in ivory and
things, and grow stuff and cattle, which I
to the river natives. Yes. I am a rich
now. and could go and live on my mea
Scotland, or anywhere."

   Why don’t von ? ” I asked. .*• It wou
surely be better'for Miss Inez ! "

   •• Ah ! ” he «ald. with a quiver in his voictt
•' there you touch it. She ought to go aw a/
There is no one for her to marry here, wf
we haven't seen a white man for years
she's a lady right enough, like her —

But who is she to go to ? Moreover, she
me in her own fashion, as I love her, and
wouldn't leave me because she thinks It h«£
duty to stay, and knows that if she did I
go to the devil altogether. Still, perhaps
might help me about her. Mr. Quater
that is. if you live to come back from
journey." he added doubtfully.

   I felt inclined to ask how I could possibV
Rider Haggard

 j*e'p in such a matter, but thought it wisest
 »ay nothing. This, however, he did not
 Notice for he went on.

 U "Now I think I will have a nap. for I do
 Jfcy work in the early morning, and"sometimes
 •Me at night when my brain seems to clear up
 •gain, for you sec I was a sailor for many years,
 fnd accustomed to keeping watches. You'll
 took after yourself, won t you. and treat the
 'PCf as your own : " Then he vanished into
 “»e house to he down.

    When I had finished my pipe I went for a
 *alk First I visited the wagon, where I
 *Ound Umslopogaas and his company engaged
 J" Cooking the beast that had been given
 tbem Zulu fashion, liana, with his usual
 ; •jnning. had already secured a meal, prob-
 *o|y from the servants, or from Inei herself.
 ** least he left them and followed me. First
 *e went down to the huts, where we saw a
 J»omber of good-looking women of mixed
 Wood, all decently dressed and engaged about
 *«eir household duties. Also we saw four or
 jive boys and girl*, to say nothing of a baby
 «> arms, fine young people, one or two of
 *hain were more white than coloured.

    These children arc very like the Baas with
 •oe red beard," remarked Hans reflectively.

 . “ Yes.” I said, and shivered, for nowi under-
 •Jocxj the awfulnesa of thi« poor man s case.
 **» was the father of a number of halt-breeds
 *ho tied him to this spot as anchors tie a ship I

CHAPTER VI
the sKA-eow ncjrr

 *r had been my intention to push forward
 •'fosi the river at once, but here luck ur
 old Inend. Fate. wa» against me. To
 *<|pn with, several of Umslopogaas’ men fell
 Jjtk with a kind of stomach trouble, arising no
 jkubt from something they had eaten, and
 *»ere were many preparations to be made
 *®out the toads and so forth, since the wagon
 *»Ust be left behind. Also, and this was an-
 I J*hrr complication, Hans had a sore upon his
 *®ot resulting from the prick of a poisonous
 ‘fcorn and it was desirable that this should be
 "Wtc healed before we marched.

 !-So it came about that I was really glad when
 j ~j*ptain Robertson suggested that we should
 pdown to a certain swamp, formed. I gathered,
 some small tributary of the Zambesi, to
 part in a kind of hippopotamus battue.

 , I Ml in with the idea readily enough unce
 j# all my hunting life I had never seen any-
 ! *K oi the *ort- e*Peci,J,>' as I was told that
 expedition could not take more than a
 ?eek, and I reckoned that the sick men and
 ■Jans would not be tit to travel sooner. So
 P*at preparations were made Th« riverside
 groves, whose saare of tho spoil was to be the
 Jciv. of the slain sea cows were summoned
 [ST hundreds and sent off to thetr appointed
 ^t1vr.s to beat the swamps at a signal given
 >' the firing of a great pile of reeds. Also
 |2*»y other things were done upon which I
 "•W not enter
 Then came the time for us to depart to the

appointed spot about twenty miles away,
most of which distance it se-.-med we could
trek in the wagon Captain Robertson, who
for the time had cut oil his gin. was as active
about the atiair as though he were once more
in command of a mail steamer. Nothing es-
caped his attention ; indeed, in the care which
he gave to details he reminded me of the cap-
tain of a great ship that was leaving port,
and from it I learned how able a man he must
once have been.

  •' Does your daughter accompany us ? ’’ I
asked on the night before we started.

  " Oh I no," he answered, “ she would only
bo in the way. She will be quite safe here,
especially as Thomaso. who is no hunter, re-
mains in charge ol the place, with s few of the
older natives to look after the women and
children.

  Later I saw Inez herself, who said that she
would have liked to come, although she hated
to see great beasts killed, but that her father
was against it because he thought she might
catch fever, so she supposed that she had
better remain where she was.

  1 agreed, though in my heart I was doubt-
ful, and said that 1 was leaving Hans, whose
foot was not as yet quite well and with whom
she had made friends, as she had done with
Umslopogaas, to look after her. Also there
would be with him the two great Zulus who
were now recovering from their attack of
stomach sickness, so tliat she had nothing to
fear. She answered with her slow smile that
she feared nothing, still she should have liked
to come with us. Then we parted, as it
proved for a long time.

  It was quite a ceremony Umslopogaas,
” in the name of the Axe,” solemnly gave over
Inei to the charge of his two followers, bidding
them guard her with so much earnestness that
1 began to suspect he feared something which
he did not choose to mention. I also gave
Hans instructions to keep a sharp eye on Inex,
and generally to watch the place, and ii he
saw anything suspicious, to communicate with
us at once.

   " Yes. Baas.” said Hans, " I will look after

•	Sad Eyes ' "—for so. with their usual quickness
of observation, our Zulus had named Inex—
” as though she were my grandmother, though
what there is to fear for her. 1 do not know
But. Baas. I would much rather come and
look after you, as your reverend father, the
Predikant, told me to do always, which is my
duty, not girl-hording. Baas, Also my foot is
now quite well and—I want to shoot sea-cows,
and-”

  ” You will stop here, Hans, look after the
young lady, and nurse your foot.” I said
sternly, whereon he collapsed with a ugh and
asked for some tobacco

  So ofl we went, about twenty of the village
natives, a motley crew armed with every kind
of gun. marching ahead and tinging songs
Then came the wagon, with Captain Robert-
son and myself seated on the driving-l>ox. and
lastly Umslopogaas and his Zulus, except the
two who had been left behind

29
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

  Before nightfall wc came to a ridge where
this bush-veld turned south, fringing that
tributary of the great river in the swamps of
which we were to hunt for sea-cows. Here we
camped, and next morning, leaving the wagon
in charge of my voorlooper and a couple of
the Strathmuir natives, for the driver was to
act as my gun-bearer, we marched down into
the sea of bush-veld. It proved to be full of
game, but at this wc dared not fire, for fear of
disturbing the hippopotami in the swamps
beneath, whence in that event they might
escape \is back to the river.

  About midday we passed out of the bush-
veld and reached the place where the drive
was to be. Here, bordered by steep banks
covered with bush, was a swamp not more
than three hundred yards wide, down the ccntrc
of which ran a narrow channel of rather deep
water, draining a vast expanse of morass above.
It was up this channel that the sea-cows
travelled to tho feeding-ground, where they
loved to collect at this season of the year.

  Here, with the assistance of some of the river-
side natives — the rest, to the number of several
hundreds, had made a wide detour to the head
of the swamps, miles away, whence we were
to advance at a certain signal—we made our
preparations under the direction of Captain
Robertson. These were simple. A quantity
of thorn-trees were cut down, and, by means of
heavy stones tied to their trunks, anchored in
the narrow channel of deep water, while to
their tops, which floated on the placid surfacc.
were tied a variety of rags which we had
brought with us, such as old red flannel shirts,
gay-coloured but worn-out blankots, and I
know not what besides. Some of these frag-
ments, too, were attached to the anchored
ropes under water. Also we selected places
for the guns upon the steep banks that I have
mentioned, between which this channel ran.
Foreseeing what would happen, I chose one for
myself behind a particularly sound rock, and,
what is more, built a stone wall to the height
of several feet on the landward side of it. as
I guessod that the natives posted abovo me
would prove wild in their shooting.

  These labours occupied the rest of that day.
and at night we retired to higher ground to
sleep. Before dawn on the following morning
we returned and took up our stations, some
on one side of the channel and some on the
other, which wc had to reach in a canoe bought
for the purpose from the river natives.

  Then, before the sun rose, Captain Robert-
son fired a huge pile of dried reeds and bushes,
which was to give tho signal to the river
natives far away to begin their beat Thin
done, we sat down and waited, after making
sure that every gun had plenty of ammunition
ready.

  As the dawn broko. by climbing a tree near
tny sckame. or shelter, I saw a good many mil**
away to the south a wide circle of little fires,
and guessed that the native* were beginning
to burn the dry reeds of the swamp in response
to our signals. Presently these fire* drew
together into a thin wall of flame. Then I

knew that it was time to return to the scJu««—«
and prepare. It was full daylight, however.!
before anything happened.

  Watching the still channel of water. I m*|
ripples on it and bubbles of air rising. Sud-1
denly appeared the head of a great bulHJ
hippopotamus, which, having caught sight of!
our barricade, cither above or below water.!
had risen to the surface to see what it might#
be. I put a bullet from an eight-bore riilflj
through its brain, whereon it sank, as I guessed.'!
stone dead to the bottom of the channel. thu5|
helping to increase the barricade by the buUfj
of its great body. Also it had another etlect-1
I have observed that sea-cows cannot bear thel
smell and taint of blood, which frightens therul
horribly, so that they will expose themselveq
to almost any risk rather than get it into their!
nostrils. Now. in this still water, where ther#l
was no perceptible current, the blood from the]
dead bull soon spread all about, so that whraj
the herd began to arrive, following their leader/!
they were terribly frightened. Indeed, tlitf!
first of them, on winding or tasting it, tunndl
and tried to get back up the channel, where,!
however, they met others following, and there-!
ensued a tremendous confusion. They ru-al
to the surface, blowing, snorting, bellowing!!
and scrambling over each other in the waterj
while continually more and more arrived bc-l
hind them, till there was a perfect pandemoniuO»|
in that narrow place.

  All our guns opened fire wildly upon thel
mass; it was like a battle, and through the!
smoke I caught sight of the riverside natives!
who were acting as beaters, advancing fa*l
away, fantastically dressed, screaming with
excitement and waving spears, or sometime*
torches of (laming reeds Most of these tnes
were scrambling along the banks, but some of
the bolder spirits advanced over the lagoon if
canoes, driving the hippopotami towards til
mouth of the channel by which alone the?
could escape into the great swamps below an*
so on to the river. In all my hunting experi-
ence I do not think I ever saw a more remark-
able scene. Still, in a way to me it was un-
pleasant. for I flatter myself that I am >
sportsman, and a battue of this sort is not
sport as I understand the term.

  At length it came to this . the channel fcf
quite a long way was literally full ol hippo
potami—I should think theTe must have be*
a hundred of them or more of all sorts an<*
sixes, from great bulls down to little calvr*
Some of these were killed, not many, for tfc*
shooting of our gallant company was execrabK
and almost at hazard, though for every
cow that died, of which number I thin!: th*
Captain Robertson and myself accounted
most, many were only wounded

  Still the unhappy beasts, crazed with
and fire and blood, did not seem to dare
face our frail barricade, probably for tw
reason that I have given. For a while the?
remained massed together in the water.
under it making a most homble noise Th«*
of a sudden they seemed to take a re»olutio** j
A few of them broke back towards the buri*1
Rider Haggard

isu;

r?eds. the screaming beaters, and the

_jng canoes. One of these, indeed, a

 JJOnoded bull, charged a canoe, crushed it in
 ‘U huge jaws, and killed the rower, how exactly
 ido not know, {or his body was never found
 *l>e majority of them, however, took another
 *®ttnsel, for. emerging from the water on either
 **<U, they began to scramble towards us along
 ***• steep banks, or even to climb up them with
 «Urpn sing agility. It was at thi3 point in the
 Proceedings that T congratulated myself

 the
 as a

 , yWcitly upon the solid character of
 , SWer-worn rock which I had selected

Stater.

. Behind

tiiis rock, together with my gun-

 kftirer and Umslopogaas. who. as he did not
 *aoot had elected to be

                        my companion, I
 tr,rtiched and banged away at the unwieldy
 features as they advanced. But fire fast as

 *	Olight With two rifles. I could not stop the
 "alf of them, and they were drawing nnplea-
 *»nUy near. I glanced at Umslopogaas. and
 ^'en then was amosed to see that probably
 ,or the first time in his life that redoubtable
 iv.-arrior was in a genuine fright.

   *' Thisis madness. Macumazahn." he shouted
    e the din •• Are we to stop here and be
    »ped flat by a horde of water-pigs ? "

 It seems so." I answered. " unless you pre-
 to be stamped flat outside, or eaten," I
 'tided. pointing to a great crocodile that had
 emerged Irom the channel and was coming
 ,Ion«? towards us with open jaws.

   By the Axe!" shouted Umslopogaas
 n. " 1 will not die thus, trodden on like a
 Jug by on ox ••

 Now. I have mentioned a tre* which I
 bed. In his extremity Umslopogaas
 for that tree and went up it like a lamp-
 ter, just as the crocodile wriggled past its
 ink snapping at his retreating legs. After
 I took no more note of him. partly because
 the advancing sea-cows, and more for the
 that one «•! the village native* posted
 ?®ovc me, firing wildly, put a large round
 ?Wlet through the sleeve of my coat. Indeed,
 it not been for the wall which 1 built that
 ted ns. 1 am certain that both my
 _ and I would have been killed, for after-
 £***» I found it splashed over with lead from
 'uet* which had struck the stones
 "’ell thanks to the strength of my rock and

 >7t-*U,s "Great Medicinc/' we escaped unhurt.
 J'e ruah went by me ; indeed. I killed one
 JgJ-cow so tktte that the powder I rum the
 actually burned its hide But it did gn
 g. leaving us untouched All. however, were
 jr* *o fortunate, since of the village natives
 were trampled to death, while a third had

Imi	A lan •««/( t Uia	rat 11«•

 broken. Also,
 bewildered

 and

 bull.

 this was really
 charging at full

 crashed into the trunk of Umslopogaas'
 -**- and as it wa» not very- thick, snapped it

 I>own came the top. in which the
 Ifie-J ch>«f was ensconced like a bird in a
 tht.u*h at that moment there was precious
 dignity about him. However, except
 •eratchs^ he was not hurt, as the hippopo

 tamus had ollvr business in urgent need of
 attention, and did not stop to settle with him.

  " Such are the things which happen to a
man who mixes himself up with matters of
which ho knows nothing." said Umslopogaas
scntentiously to me afterwards. But all the
same he could never bear any allusion to this
tTee-climbing episode in his martial career,
which, as it happened, had taken place in full
view of his retainers, among whom it remained
the greatest of jokes. Indeed, he wanted to
kill a man. the wag of the party, who gave him
a slang name which, being translated, means

" He-who-ii-so-brave-that-he-dared-to-ridt-a-
u.-atar-horsc-up-a-lree."

   It was all over at last, for which I thanked
Providence devoutly. A good many of the
sea-cows were dead, I think twenty-one was
our cxact bag, but the great majority of them
had escaped in one way or another, many, as 1
fear, wounded. I imagine that at the last the
bulk of the herd overcame its fears, and. swim-
ming through our screen, passed away down
the channel. At any rate they were gone, and,
having ascertained that there wi\ nothing to
be done lor the man who had been trampled
on my side of the channel. I crossed it in the
canoe’ with the object of returning quietly to
our camp to rest.

   But as yet there was to be no quiet for inc.
for there I found Captain Robertson, who 1
think had been refreshing himself out of a
bottle, and was in a great state of excitement
about a man who had been killed near him
who wai a favourite of his. and another whose
leg was broken. He declared vehemently
that the hippopotamus that had done this had
been wounded and rushed into some bushes a
few hundred yards away, and that he meant
to take vengeance upon it. Indeed he was
just setting oil to do so.

   Seeing his agitated state. 1 thought it wisest
to follow him. What happened need not be
set out in detail- It is suthcient to sav that
he found that hippopotamus, and blax'.-d both
barrels at it in the bushe«. hitting it. but not
seriously. Out lumbered the creature with
its mouth open, wishing to escape Robert-
son turned to fly. as. he was in its path, but
from one cause or another tripped and fell
down Certainly he would have been crushed
beneath its huge feet had I uot stepped in
front of him and sent two solid eight bore bullets
down that yawning throat killing it dead
within three feet of where Robertson was try-
ing to rise, and I may add of myself.

This narrow escape sobered him, and I am
bound to say that his gratitude was profuftc

   •• You are a brave man," he said. " and had
it not been lor you, by now 1 should be wher-
ever bad people go. I'll not forget it. Mr
Quatermain. and if ever you want anything that
John Robertson can give. why. it's yours."

  " Very well," I answered, being voxed by
an Inspiration, " I do want something that
you can give easily enough."

  " Give It a name and if* yours—hall tny
place, if you like."

" I want." I went on. as 1 slipped new car-

3‘
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

tridges into the rifle—“ I want you to promise
to give up drink for your daughter's soke.
That's what nearly did for you just now, you
know."

  " Man. you ask a hard thin^.” he said slowly,
•' but, by God. I’ll try I or her sake and yours
too.”

  Then 1 went to help to set the leg of the in-
jured man, which was all tho rest I got that
morning.

CHAPTER VII
THE OATH

We spent three more days at that place.
First it was necessary to allow time to elapse
before the gases which generated in their great
bodies caused those of the sea-cows which had
been killed in the water to float. Then they
must be skinned and their thick hides cat into
strips and pieces to be traded for sjamboks,
or to make small native shields, for which some
of the East Coast tribes will pay heavily. All
this took a long while during which I amused,
or disgusted myself in watching those river
natives devouring the flesh of the beasts. The
lean, what there was of it. they dned and smoked
into a kind of ” biltong," but a great deal of
the fat they ate at once. I had the curiosity
to woigli a lump which was given to one thin,
hungry-looking fellow. It scaled quite twenty-
fivo pounds. Within four hours he had eaten
it to the last ounce and lay there a distended
and torpid log. What would not we white
people give for such a digestion !

  At last all was over, and we started home-
wards, the man with a broken leg being carried
in a kind of litter. On the edge of the busli-
veld we found the wagon quite safe, also one
of Captain Robertson's that had followed us
from Strathmuir in order to carry the ex-

rcUsd load of hippopotamus bides and ivory.

asked my voorlooper if anything had hap-
pened during our absence. He answered no-
thing. but that on the previous ovening, after
dark, be had seen a glow in the direction of
Strathmuir, which lay on somewhat lower
ground about twenty miles away, as though
numerous fires had been lighted there. It
struck him so much, ho added, that he had
climbed it tree to observe it better. Ho did
not think, however, that any building had
been burned then.-, as the glow was uot strong
enough for that.

  I suggested that it was caused by some grass
fire or reed-burning, to which he replied in-
differently that he did not think so. as the line
of glow was not sufliciantly continuous.

  There tho matter ended, though I confess
that tho story made mo anxioa*. for what exact
reason I conld not say. C msl-jpogaas also,
who had listened to it, for tho talk was in Zulu,
looked grave, but made no remark. But as
since his tree climbing experience he had been
singularly silent of this I thought little.

  We had trekkad at a time which we calcu-
lated would bring UJ to Strathmuir about an
hour before sundown, allowing for a short
outspan half-way As my oxen were got in

more quickly than those of the other vvagi
after this outspan. I was the first away, I
lowed at a little distance by Umslopogaas, w!
preferred to walk with his Zulus. 1 he tru
was, that 1 could not get that story about th
glow of fires out of my mind, and was anxi
to push on. wliich had caused me to hurry %
the inspanning.

  Perhaps we Jiad covered a couple of mil*
of the ten or twelve wliich lay between us a
Strathmuir. when, far ort on tbc crest of
of the waves of the veld which much resemble
those of a swelling sea frozen while in moti
I saw a small figure approaching us at a ra
trot. Somehow that figure suggested H
to my mind, so much so that I got my glas
to examine it more closely. A short scru
through them convinced me lhat Hans it w
Hans and no other, advancing at a great-pa>
Filled with uneasiness. I ordered the dti
to flog up the oxen, with the result that i#
little over five minutes we met. Halting
wagon. I leapt from the wagon-box, and.ca.
to Umslopogaas, who had kept up with a*
a slow, swinging trot, went to Hans,
when he saw me. stood still at a little dist
swinging his apology for a hat in tus hand
was his fashion when ashamed or perplex®^
” What is the matter, Hans ? ” I asked
when we were within speaking distance

  ” Oh 1 Baa*. everything.” he an-swered, a*
I noticed that he kept his eyes fixed upon th<
ground, and that his lips twitched.

    Speak, you fool, and in Zulu." I said. f°
by now Umslopogaas had joined me

  '• Baas,” lie aaswered in that tongue, "i
terrible thing has come about at the farm ;0
Ked-Beard yonder. Yesterday aftrm-on. *
the time when people are in the liabit of >le*f
ing there till the sun grows less hot. a body
great men with licrce faces, who carried
spears—perhaps there were fifty of them, B
—crept up to the place through tho long gr
and growing crops and attacked it.”

  " Did you see them come ? " I a*ked
' No. Baas. I was watching at a little d*
tance, ai you bade me do. and the sun bei
hot I shut my eyes to keep out the glare of
so that I did not see them until they
passed me and heard the noise.”

  " You mean that you were aUcep or dr
Hans, but go on.”	_

  ” Baas. I do not know.” he answered shadj
f*cedly, ” but after that I climbed a tall
with a kind of bush at the top of it ’* (I a
tained afterwards that this was a sort of 1<
crowned palm’. " and from it I saw every
without being seen.”

  ” What did you sec. Hans ? ” I asked bit
" I saw the big men run up and make a V3
of circle round the village. Then they sh
and the people in tho village came out to
what was the matter. Tbomaao and soa'
tha rneii caught sight of th<irn first and
away fast up tho hUi-*iie at tho back whJJ
the trees grow, before tho circle was
Then the women and the children cam* ^
and the big men killed them with their spea**^
all. all I ”

32
A, kdy Sad-Eyts came out on to the ttoep, and with her came the two Zulus oi the
^ *»ho had b:«n left sick, but were now quite recovered. A number of the big men ran
*£a-ilo'*S^ to take her. but the two Zulu* made a great fight in front of the little »t*P* to the
w hi-tng their backs protected by the tro*p, and killed six of them before they themselves
“■ killed. Also Sad-Eyes shot one with a pistol she carried, and wounded toother so that

WM''	'	--------*------1 A. . a ^.9 Lia
 Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

  -	Good Cod ! " I cxclaimcd ” And what
happened at the house and to the lady .

  " 13aas, some o! the men had surrounded
that also, and when she hoard the noise the
lady Sad-Eyes came out on to the stoep, and
with her came the two Zulus of the Ax^' ho
had been left sick, but were now qmterccmered^
A number of the big men ran as though to take
her but the two Zulus made a great fight in
front of the little steps to the sloep, having
their backs protected by the stoep. and killed
six of them before they themselves were killed.
Also Sad-Eyes shot one with a pistol she
carried, and wounded another so that the spear
dropped out of his hand. 1 hen the rest fcl! on
her and tied her up. setting her in a chair on the
steep where two remained to watch her. They
did her no hurt. Baas; indeed, they seemed
to treat her as gently as they could. Also
they went into the house, and there they caught
that tall yellow girl who always smiles and is
tailed Janee. she who waits upon the Lady
Sad-Eyes. and brought her out to her. I
think they told her, Baas, that she must look
after her mistress, and that if she tried to run
away she would be killed, for afterwards I saw
Janee bring her food and other things.”

   " And then, Hans ? "

   •' Then. Baas, most of the great men rested
a while, though some of them went through
the store gathering such things as they liked,
blankets, knives, and iron cooking-pots, but
they set fire to nothing, nor did they try to
catch the cattle. Also they took dry wood
from the pile and lit big fire’s, eight or”nine of
them, and when the sun set they began to feast. ”

   •• What did they feast on, Hans, if they took
no cattle ? ” I asked with a shiver, for I was
afraid of I knew not what.

  " Baas," answered Hans, turning his head
away and looking at the ground, " they feasted
on the children whom they had killed, also on
some of the young women. These tall soldiers
are men-eaters Baas!”

   At this horrible intelligence I turned faint,
and felt as though I was going to fall, but, re-
covering myself, signed to him to go on with
his story.

   " They feasted quite quietly, Baas,” he con-
tinued, " making no noise. Then some of
them slept while others watched, and that
went on all night. As soon as it was dark,
but before the moon rose, I slid down the
tree and crept round to the back of the house
without being seen or heard, as 1 can Baas
I got into the house by the back door and
crawled to the window of the sitting-room It
was open and peeping through 1 saw Sad-
i-yes still tied to the seat on the sloep not

                  away- Whil° the Sirl fanee
crouched on the floor at her feet—I think she
was asleep or fainting.

hi«LraadCta,liltle noisc' likc a “‘Sht-adder
Sad Fv^aU»	on, n1akin8 it. till at last

A v ^ , • hcr llcad' Thcn I spoke in
wI}lsp®r*for {car l«t I should wake
the two guards who were dozing on either side

of her wrapped in their blankets savin,

■	It is I, Hans, come to help you.’ ‘ You

     ' elm nn<w*»rpfl also

not.’ she answered, also speaking very S’
•Get to your master, and tell him and I
father to follow. These men are calfcri
Amahaggcr, and live far away across the pv«
They are going to take me to their home ai
I understand, to rule over them, because the*
want a white woman to be their qUCCa S
have always beeu ruled by a white Queen
against whom they have rebelled. I do my
think they mean to do me any harm, unlesr
perhaps they want to marry me to their chief
but of this I am not sure from their talk, which
I understand badly. Now go, before they
catch you.*

  ‘“I think you might get away,* I whispered
back. ‘ I will cut your bonds. When you
arc free, slip through the window and I will
guide you.”

   " ■ Very well, try It.' she said
" So I drew my knife and stretched out my
arm. But thcn. Baas, 1 showed myself a fool

—	if the Great Medicine had still been there 1
should have knowu better. I forgot the
moonlight, which shone upon the blade of the
knife. That girl Janee came out of her sleep
or swoon, lifted her head, and saw the knife.
She screamed once, thcn at a word from hcr
mistress was silent. But it was enough, for
it woke up the guards, who glared about then
and threatened Janee with their great spears,
also they went to sleep no more, but began to
talk together, though what they said I could
not hear, for I was hiding on the floor of the
room. After this, knowing that I could do no
good and might do harm and get myself killed.
1 crept out of the house as I had crept in, and
got back to my tree."

  " Why did you not come to me ? " I asked
“ Because 1 still hoped I might be able to
help Sad-Eyes, Baas. Also I wanted to see
what happened, and I knew that I could not
bring you here in time to be any good, though
it is true I thought of coming.”

  " Perhaps you were right.”

  “ At the first dawn.” continued Hans, " the
great men who are called Amahagger rose and
ate what was left over from the night before.
1 hen they gathered themselves together and
went to the house. Here they found a large
chair, that seated with rimpis in which the
Baas Red-Beard sits, and lashed two poles to
the chair. Beneath the chair they tied the
garments and other things of the Lady Sad-
Eyes. which they made Janee gather as 5a4
lives directed her. This done, very gently
they sat Sad-Eyes herself in the chair, bowing
while they made her fast. After this eight oj
them set the poles upon their shoulders, and
they all went away at a trot, heading for the
bush-veld, driving a herd of goats which they
had stolen from the farm, and making Jsnee
run by the chair. I saw everything, Baas, fo*
they passed just beneath my tree. Then!
came to seek you, following the outward Spo°
of the wagons. That is all. Baas."

co'ii.nued in the next number of "Hutchinson's Story Magazine."

                      34
Cain

By

KATHLYN RHODES

Author o*

“ The Desert-Dreamers,”

“The Lure of the Desert,” etc.

   " But—Fff*nt*i. it were folly to throw away one's life ! He who Ruard* the ori*or.er is Salim, tho fiercest

and (-ronsceit of all tho-uard:--''

'I don't care if Shaitan himself guards tho prisoner. I'm going to BCl him out o♦ that hell—wmchow I

  SO you played Cain to your brother
Abel, eh, Achmed ? Well, murder
seems to sit pretty lightly on your
soul, you brown rascal! ”

  The man addressed, who squatted, cross-
legged. on the sand outside the tent,
grinned cheerfully, and answered the in-
dictment with an insouciance which was
out of keeping with its gravity.

    My brother, he one big size villain,
Effendi. He steal my money, he steal my
land, he take my wife. So I kill him.
But I take care, the village think he die by
accident. And now he sorry for his
wickedness, no ? ”

  ■' Can’t say, Achmed. Depends on what
particular hell or heaven he’s got to. But
tell me. did the act of killing give you
satisfaction ? You got your 'land back ?
And your wife ? ”

  Over the rascally brown face there fell,
on the instant, a veil of reserve, the reserve
in which an Arab wraps himself at mention
of his womonkind. And Amory, regretting

his indiscretion, made haste to change the
subject.

  " By the way, didn’t f see the runner
here to-night ? Letters for me, I sup-
pose ? ”

 Immediately the brown face shed its
unaccustomed reticence, and became a
chuckling mask once more.

 "Letters—aiwa, ElTendi—many letters
for Mistaire h'Amory h’eiquirc ! ”

  “ Well, where are they ? Look sharp,
you brown image, or 1 shall have to liven
your wits with my riding whip I ”

 Quite unmoved by the threat. Achmed
produced a bundle of letters from some
mysterious hiding-place in his voluminous
robe, and handed them gaily to his master.

 “ Here they be, Eflendi. Is it the
Effendi’s pleasure that 1 now take my
evening meal ? ”

  Amory’s eyes were on his letters.

 " Yes. Clear out and leave me in
peace.”

  “ A iwa, Effendi.” Achmed sprang agilciy
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

to liis feet. “ There is much talk in the
village to-night. One has just come in
from yonder"—he waved vaguely over
the desert—•'* with a tale of strange doings
in the harim of Moussa Bey. ...”

  Ambry paid no heed to the tentative
remark, and with a shrug of the shoulders
Achmed departed serenely in quest of the
cous-cous and the gossip which awaited
him ia the huddle of mud huts known as
the village of El-Khatuin.

  Evening was falling genlly over the
desert. The sky was softly afire with pale
green and paler violet hues, in the midst
of which the round ball of gold which was
the sun trod delicately, his steps veiled in
a mist of tender, floating cloud. A little
breeze wandered fitfully over the face of
the desert, whispering faint promises of the
joys of the starlit night to come, and in-
deed above the sandhills in the east one
silver star already trembled in the pale
firmament.

  Amory's white tent looked strange,
almost eerie, in the silent space which sur-
rounded it. True, the mud village was
only a quarter of a mile away, and to the
north, looking, in the clear desert light, but
a stone’s throw distant, stood the great
Villa of the powerful Moussa Bey, the
mansion of delight to which the owner was
wont to resort when the cares of business
had pressed too closely upon his shoulders.
Yet the little white tent seemed a symbol of
some strange solitude, a challenge flung
in the face of that civilisation which insists
that man shall herd with his fellow men.
shall build houses and streets of houses,
and avoid, as it were a plague, the wide
and open spaces of the earth.

  And the little lent spoke truly ; for in it
there dwelt a soul in rebellion, in revolt
against the treachery of man. the weakness
of woman, against the double betrayal
which had driven a trusting fool into the
wilderness in a vain attempt to forget his
too confident folly.

  Yet as he bent over his letters to-night
Christopher Amory's face was not alto-
gether hard. It was as though in the slow
atrophy of his affections one small area
were left untouched; as though in a heart
devastated by the great fires of hatred and
contempt and lust for vengeance there yet
dwelt some softer emotion, some tiny
flicker of that warm humanity which hail
been well-nigh extirpated by a ruthless
hand.

  Such, at least, would have boen the
conclusion of a psychologist watching him
to-night; and the diagnosis would have

been correct; for in his hand Amory he
a letter from the one person in the worl
for whom he knew a real and very powerf
affection—his brother Ivor.

  He read the letter eagerly, until he
to the hated name of his supplantcr ; and
then his face changed from a half-wistf
protectiveness to a rancour which was not I
assumed.

  "... they say — the doctors—that!
Joan's chest is weak, and so Dorrien is j
taking her out to Kgvpt. Some people,
have all the luck—I've had a cold all the]
winter, but no one thinks of taking me out
there 1 Thought I’d warn yoii, in case
you ran against them in one of your visit*
to Cairo. I know, of course, they treated
you abominably, but still—I suppose the}
couldn’t help it, could they ? It would
have been worse if she had married yoi
and then bolted with him—and he's realh
quite a decent chap when you know him."

  With an impatient exclamation Amory
crushed the letter in his hand. The peace I
of the desert had been rudely disturbed by|
this chattering echo of a sordid tragedy
and he would read no farther. Yet aft'
a moment he felt remorse for the way
had treated the letter of the brother
loved ; and he smoothed out the crura
sheet and read it, grimly, to the end.

  At the bottom of the last sheet came
scribbled postscript.

  " Since writing the above somethin!
rather jolly has happened. No time fol
more, but prepare for a surprise whet
next you hear from me 1 ”

  *' A rise in screw, or maybe he’s sold
picture—at last! " His smile was hafi
amused, half-bitter. “ Well, I've nevC
had any luck—perhaps it's coming his w*
instead t ”

  Rising abruptly, he went into the tenW
and dispatched the frugal meal wbidjj
awaited him. Then, filling his pipe, hFj
came out again to wait for Achmed. wW
would presently bring the horses for tW
usual evening ride.

  The swift twilight had come and pass*
while he sat eating, and now night la;
mysterious, silver, star-lit. upon the i*°
of the desert. In the sky the great brig*
stars hung in clusters, and the moon w*
rising, sliding into view like a huge pi#*
of gold behind a clump of ragged palm*-
It was very still, very tranquil, vc*
peaceful. Yet in the heart of the tel
dweller there reigned no peace, only
chaotic welter of emotion in whig
strangely, for he was no egoist, 6elf-p**»
had its place.
Kathlyn Rhodes

 True, he loved the desert, loved to feel
 *and slipping between his horse’s hoofs
 ■T «*ey thundered along in the opal dawn,
 , lI> the velvety moonlight; loved to sit
 camP fires the nomads, to listen
 . ’heir songs, to sleep. Liter, to the throb-
 ov!L luUaby °* their Uttle drums. He
 ,C<1 the solitude, the complete, unbroken
 Potion. ...

    And yet there were times, too, when he
 '~*rned lor hia kind, when the home-loving
 which was implanted in the breasts
 (art	primitive cave-dwellers rose

   threatened to overwhelm him with a
 g*® 'ision of a home . . . not merely a
 u***. but some dwelling sanctified by the
 °* » woman, with tender rye* and
 |?~*y hair, eyes and hair reproduced in
 miniature in the child who crept.
 rjjjH. to her side ...

 this home might have been his.
 jTr® have been his li a woman had been
 her promise, if a man had shown
 P*®»orthy of a life-long friendship. .. .

 j^.The horses, Effendi! You arc ready,
 fcjk - The moon is up and the desert

 ^W-d's cheerful face grinned up at his
 KTJ?. *n the moonlight, and in spite of

       *	Amory's facial muscles relaxed.
 Mery « a • fratricide you're a remarkably

1 “ v° t grin hke that ! "

■WB. • -_ __ ___••

 I’m sure if 1 had a
 my conscience I

rothlw u,i

       muider on

         rin like that
*sC4j“"’ sare. no. sare." returned the

 ik_ gaily. " Where will the Effendi
 .to ride ? The stars shine, our
 i feet are shod with silver.”

   ‘ know . . . yes. But-” Arnon-

K_uted—-	I feel to-night as

 h, '

. - *----- ~ ------f> —- —

      1	wanted company. Come, Ach-
 '°tt ta^°U rc a gregarious fellow. Can't
 me to Some entertainment in the
 yonder t Or are there any nomads
 A	Within easy distance of us ? I'm

 fetinJ“Un,°«r for adventure, not contcm-
 0*“' ^night! ”

■^^chmtd s face stole an extra
gjp^y presaion. 11 was as though tw

eagerness and caution, warred

      him. as though he wished, yet
 EtlIrV‘<1 to m.kr K,nie prop.sal to the
 s '' Looking at him clo^-ly. Amory
 tijj'fcns 0j ^ excitement wluch had
 AT!?'* ^•caped his notice ; and marking
 eyes, the nervous geMuirs ol
 »»%	bands, he guested that th«- Aiab

 0n^«d ' with some secret which he
 " WLyel *«*ted. to disclose.

V®at's up, Achmcd ( " His own

eyes began to shine. ** Is there some
lomasha in the village, or what is it that's
making you so fey ? Out with it. man.
and if it’s allowable for a stranger to
participate, why. I’ll join in with all my

  Suddenly the Arab's expressive face grew
serious, almost solemn. It was evident
that in his dark soul he was debating some
weighty matter, and Amory stood, motion-
less, schooling himself to patience until
the decision should be made.

  "Effendi”—lus voice was hurried—
" there is much talk in the village to-night.
It is said, by one who knows, that there
will be a tragedy in the karim of Moussa
Bey ere dawn treads the eastern sky with
rosy feet! "

    A tragedy—in the karim ?"

  " Aiwa. Effendi. For it is said that my
Lord the Bey, returning from a journey
into the Fayum, discovered that a thief
liad sought to rob him of his choicest
treasure, had laid plans to cull from his
garden the fairest rose I "

  " Which, being interpreted, means that
some inmate of the fiatim has been giving
the glad eye to an outsider. I suppose ! ”
He laughed cynically. " Well, seeing what
an old swine the Bey is, I wouldn’t blame
any of his beauties casting looks at a
handsome gardener 1 ”

  '* I do not understand your words.
Effendi.’’ Achmed was affronted at this
light treatment of a serious subject. " The
gltid-t ... I know not what it means.
Yet it is like to be an unlucky matter for
the Roumi who was discovered in the
gardens of the karim by my Lord the Bey.’’
’’ Hold on a minute. Achmed! " His
voice was startled. " What’s that yon say
—the Roumi ? D’you mean an English-
man's been playing the fool with the Bey’s
women ? But there isn’t an Englishman
nearer than Cairo ! ”

  " Yet is it so. Effendi. The man was
discovered, in the moment of the Bey’s
return, by Sclim. the keeper of the karim.
in the act of dallying with the beautiful
Fatma ; and was dragged before the Bey.
who cast him into the but at the entrance
to the gardens while he debated what fate
should be meted out to the wretched defilcr
Of the karim

  " But. I say. Achmed. this can't go on I "
At the hint of danger to a countryman
Amory was another person, as quick and
alert as he had before been indifferent, un-
interested. " Why. God only knows what
will happen ty the’ fellow if he’s left to the
Bey's tender mercies ! "

37
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

   " Allah truly may know, but the mercies
 of Shaitan wifi be more tender than those
 of my lord," returned the Arab calmly.
 ” It is said that already Selim has begun
 to sharpen his knife, for flesh is tough,
 and it would tarnish the pride of the
 fellow should he fail to slice off the Roumi’s
 ears neatly at a blow ! ”

   " For God's sake shut up. you callous
 brute ! ” Amory felt physical nausea at
 the words. " D'you mean to say the Bey
 will be devil enough to cut off the chap's
 cars ? ’’

  " Even so, Effendi.” Achmed spoke
 sullenly, not relishing the other's epithets.
 “ First the ears, then perchance the fingers
 and the toes. If my lord's thirst for
 vengeance be then sated, it may be he will
 let the Roumi go, but if not—who knows ?
 There are hot irons which gouge out the
 eyes, and it is possible for a clever man to
 slice off the nose at one stroke. The
 tongue, too, it is easily tom from the
 mouth. ...”

  " Good God, Achmed. do you want to
 drive me mad 1 You stand there and coolly
 tell me a white man is to be tortured to
 death by that devil incarnate, the Bey-”

   " The Roumi would have outraged the
 Bey’s honour, have defiled the pride of the
 harim." Achmed was still sullen. " It is
 but justice that the lord of the household
 should avenge himself on the robber. . . ."

   " But not with hot irons! " Amory's
 whole being was aflame at the thought of
 his compatriot's danger. “ Oh. you can’t
 see it, of course! I expect if the truth
 bo known you murdered your unfortunate
 brother in some pretty devilish fashion !
 But this thing has got to be stopped.
 There's no time for the authorities to take
 a hand if the entertainment is to come off
 at dawn. We’ve jolly well got to stop it,
 but how ! "

   The Arab stared, aghast.

   " Effendi, what is the meaning of these
 words ? It is madness, surely, which speaks
 in them ! "

  " .Madness—no, rather sheer horse
 sense I " Amory’s previous languor had
 dropped from him like an ill-fitting gar-
 ment, he was a man of action once more.
 " You may do as you please, but I'm
 going over yonder"—he waved towards
 the Villa—" to have a shot at rescuing the
 poor brute.”

   “ But—Eflendi, it were folly to throw
 away one’s life 1 He who guards the
 prisoner is Selim. the fiercest and strongest
 of all the guards——”

 " I don't care if Shaitan himself guards

 the prisoner. I’m going to get him out ol
 that hell—somehow t ” He spoke reso-
 lutely, and Achmed realised he meant to
 do this thing.

   " Effendi, it is madness! " H« spo
 earnestly. ” Selim will never permit t
 Eflendi to approach the hut where
 guards the captive. He will fight, Eflen
 to the death, lest worse befall him at t
 hands of the Bey his lord. And he
 strong; one blow from his fist . .
 crrrc ! ” He made a feint of collapsing
 the sand.	/

  " Strong, eh ? Then we must op
strength with cunning." He meditat
a moment. " See here, you know t
fellow. Is he fond of money—would it
possible to bribe him ? "

   Achmed shook his head.

   " He is doubtless a thief, as are all t
 hi rim guards, scum that they are ! ” .
 spat virtuously into the sand. " Yet
 would be afraid to take a bribe. ...”

   " Well, for God's sake suggest so
 thing I Would it be possible to make I
 drunk ? I have a drug which easily p
 a man to sleep for an hour or two—
 Achmed looked dubious.

   '* That might be done. Effendi. for
 is no true follower of the Prophet, and ha
 a fondness for wine. But he would r.
 drink with the Effendi. for even his thr

wits would suspect a trick-”

  " Listen, Achmed! ” A light
sprung into Amory’s eyes. *' What's
prevent me dressing up in that Arab rig
mine and posing as a date-merchant,
something of the sort ? It would W
natural for a stranger passing by to s
and speak—ask the way maybe, and o
a drink in return for the information.’
Very slowly a grin began to spread o
Achmed's brown face, for the plan,
all its risks, suited his bold nature;
indeed the whole adventure was more
his liking than he chose to admit.

 " Effendi, it is a good plan. In t
 this Selim is a vain fellow, for ever boa
 of his strength, and h would be a pious
 to lay his pride in the dust."

  “ Quite so.” Amory guessed s
that Achmed bore the boastful Selim
grudge. " That's settled, then. Y-j
know the man. so you must keep in tt*
background, and I’ll do the pala
Sawv ? ”

   " Truly the Eflendi is a great lead
 Secure in his own immunity, Ach- |t|
 hastened to pour forth flattery. ”
 plan is good ; and it were wise to set a
 it without delay. Indeed it is a
€n*etprise—and Allah, they say, loves ever
a bold and courageous spirit! "

   Half

an hour later two riders drew rein
the outskirts of the Bey's gardens. The
in which the captive languished,
Bearded by the mighty Selini. was just
Without the confines of the great domain,
*»» a strongly constructed place.

»Ut

ol stone, with a massive door and

s «n the windowless walls.

thA *°n?' dcn~e oi Palms l*ad hidden
*~|® approach of the horsemen from the
•“•'djjii of the hut. and from behind a
r*”venient tree the riders were able to
JPy out the land, noting how the giant
squatted on the sand, a box of
before lum. while he made shift.
•T?***-handed. to play a travesty of the
game ” beloved of the Arabs.

Ul .°W tbat tlic goal was in s'8ht Achmed
suddenly to grow apprehensive.
2”*bifted uneasily in his saddle, moistened
vT **ps. and shot queer, restless glances at
?[®*«ter out of the corners of bis eyes,
to teO. something was tormenting
by no means unduly sensitive conscience
^ Achmed ben Hassan; and he was
2"derinf; whether it were wiser to keep
still, or to make a clean breast of
^®atter which troubled him.

HSf^Sently Amory noticed his palpable
2?®ines8, and his voice was a trifle sharp
questioned the man.

I'll j hat's the matter—got a fit of nerves ?

the job alone if you’re funking it! “
^ Effendi. I fear nothing.” Physically
no coward. " Yet there is tbat in
.jnatter which troubleth me, and J
IJj^. <4U1 take counsel with myself as to
.(J*dum of speech."

<0,.. ■***• hurry up and decidc. Sure you

‘‘ vrWant me lo 80 t,n alono ? ”
j'*y. my lord. Yet I would not that
Eflcndi go forward without due know-
of 5r °l what awaitclh him ui the person
•r^e miserable prisoner."'

'• I ghat's that?" He spoke quickly.

■■y' t know the man-”

mrt
*»y lord

*i**t he

      mctliinks he hath acquaintance
lord. It was said—in the village
£j«,,Slt he had inquired, earlier, lor the
..^di's dwelling place. .

* w’^uired for me ? Why. there's not
j?* I know in Egypt—except——

         » ptM|« from Ivors letter
» front ol his eye*,
th*: • • Joan's chest is weak, and so
■' iPl **	her out to Egypt——

       you learn the name ol the Rouiui,

Kathlyn Rhodes

Achmed ben Hassan ? " His manner was
stern.

     Even that, my lord, since inadvertently
the Roumi dropped an envelope upon
which was written his direction-"

  " The name—quick, for Allah's sake,
the name! ”

  Very slowly, debating within himself
whether be acted wisely, the Arab produced
a torn and dirty envelope, which he yielded
to the snatching hand held out for "it.

  The other man took it, looked at it
fastidiously, read the name—and his blood
ran like fire in his veins. For the name
on the envelope was that of his supplanter
Gerald Dorrien.

   The night was passing all too rapidly for
the work which had yet to be done.

   In the stone house a couple ol hundred
yards away a man crouched, waiting in
blank terror lor the dawn which should
bring him a horrible death; and ere long
the stars would begin to wane before the
light of day.

  Yet Christopher Amory sat motionless
on his horse, with God knows what thoughts
passing through his brain.

   Here, at last, was an opportunity to get
even with his supplanter. He had but to
simulate a sudden cowardice, to throw up
the game, and Dorrien would go to his
death, helpless as a stricken animal.
Vengeance for his treachery had been slow
but sure. He who had betrayed his friend
should in his turn be betrayed; and the
mental torture he had inflicted on a living
man’s soul should be expiated by the pangs
ol physical anguish.

   Yet. as he sat on his horse, an ominously
still figure in the moonlight. Amory’s brow
was wet. For he knew well enough that
this was a shameful thing which he pro-
posed to do, To allow a man to die.
horribly, at the hands of a coloured torturer
in order that a thirst lor revenge might be
slaked—it was a crime at which the lowest
criminal might well shudder. . . .

  And yet—this roan had done him the
worst injury a man could do. had done it.
moreover, under the guise ol friendship;
and no death could be too vile for tie
traitor.

  Tliat the woman would sutler did he
allow this man to die he knew well enough:
but in his present mood lie could look even
on her prospective sufferings unmoved.

   On every hand he felt his inaction to be
justified. And yet—Dorrien was a com-
patriot, they were brothers in the midst
of an alien people, and it was not according

39
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

to the standards of English chivalry to
allow an Englishman to be tortured to
death at the hands of an inferior race. . . .

  Half a dozen yards away Achmed, the
chcerful slayer of the brother who had
betrayed him, waited silently, aware that
some conflict whose nature he could not
determine was being waged beneath the
EfTcndi’s passive exterior. For his part
he was anxious to get the matter done with,
since ever)' moment’s delay increased the
probability of detection; yet something,
a force which he felt, but could not analyse,
kept him silent as the minutes sped.

  Suddenly Amory raised his head. The
battle was over, and he had lost. His
personal vengeance must wait, while com-
mon humanity rescued the hated prisoner
from the death no Englishman should die;
but the emotion with wliich he set about
his risky lark was very different from the
spirit of high adventure in which the risk
had been so joyfully undertaken.

  The rescue was simple enough after nil.
To Selim the presence of the suppo ed date-
merchant was easily accountable; and
he gave the required directions glibly,
pleased, possibly, by the welcome break in
the monotony of his watch; while an
invitation to a cup of wine was equally
welcome. Amory had made no mistake
in his preparation of the draught; and
ten minutes later the giant lay in a slumber
so deep that the further proceedings of the
night hold no interest for him.

  The key of the hut abstracted from his
clothing, the door readily yielded to
pressure; and a minute afterwards Amory
entered the noisome place, his heart no
longer beating with excitement, but
throbbing heavily with resentment against
the file which had placed him in the
position of saviour to his enemy.

  The man who crouched in the darkest
corner of the hut, muttering wild prayers,
did not look up at the entry of the sup-
posed Arab. Rather he shrank farther
back into the shadow, certain, poor wretch,
that his doom was upon him. and lacking
the courage to face that dreadful doom as
a man should do.

  Even in the midst of his distaste Amory
felt a cold contempt for the cowart.lv
shrinking; and in spite of himself his voice
vibrated with hatred as he said, bending
over the dimly-seen, huddled form :

    Come, Lorrien, you needn’t stop here

shivering. The door is open and you can
get outside as fast as you like."

*	There was no reply; only a sort of in.
stantaneous stiffening came over the
trembling form, as though the captive were
struck, suddenly, to a petrified attention;
and Amory, fei ling his dislike for the job
increasing momentarily, made no attempt
to disguise the harshness of his tone as he
condescended to further urgings.

    You’d better clear out if you don’t
want that black devil to interfere. PuU
yourself together, man! You’re safe, I
tell you, if you'll only take a brace on
yourself and get out while there’s time!"

  Still the man made no effort to obey;
and losing all patience, Amory shook him
roughly by the shoulder and turned him
round to face his deliverer.

  The next moment a great cry rang
through the lnit; but t was the rescuer,
not the rescued, who shrank back, appalled
at the realisation of the thing he had so
nearly done.

  The man who, but for his intervention,
would have died, shamefully, at dawn, was
his brother Ivor.

  “ Chris ! Oh my God, you ! Get me
out of this hole, for Christ’s sake! Quick
—don’t stand staring at me! I’ll explain
—everything—afterwards! ’’

  As one in a dream Amory pointed to the
open door, and as one in a dream the boy
stumbled through it. Ordered by a
gesture to mount behind his brother, be
obeyed; and a moment later three rode'
back across the desert whence only two
had come.

  As the dawn began to break in the
eastern sky Amory stood before his tent
watching half a dozen Arabs riding towards
Cairo. One of them was strangely fair,
his eyes oddly blue for an Arab, but his
dress was that of a native, and few would
challenge him or his hardy escort.

  Explanations between the brothers had
b en brief. The surprise of which Ivor
hid written was the invitation of Dorrien
to accompany him and his wife to Cairo;
and he had ridden out to El-Khatum mean-,
ing to take his brother unawares. Thafj
he had turned aside, lured by a Pa>r 01
dark eyes taking a forbidden peep over the
haritn wall was merely an accident—whicftj
had been like to end in a tragedy. And as
for the envelope bearing Dorrien's name,
had Amor}» turned it over he would have

40
Kathlyn Rhodes

seen, on the reverse side, a rough sketch of
the route from Cairo.

  Thoroughly sobered by his narrow escape
from death, Ivor had bidden his brother
a shamefaeed good-bye. stammering out
broken words of gratitude, cut short
roughly by the older man ; and now Amory
stood alone, his whole being still vibrating
with the thrill which had come when he
realised that but for the grace of God
he would have been the slayer of his
brother.

  Mind and body shuddered alike at the
contemplation of the black abyss into
which his soul, misled by thoughts of
vengeance, had so nearly slipped; and
when at length he turned away and called
Achmed to him, even that light-hearted
villain noted, though without comprehen-
sion, the look of something akin to awe in
the Effendi's eyes.

  " Strike the tent* Achmed, and let us be
off to the south." He spoke curtly. " The
sooner we are out of El-
Ivhatum the better, so look
sharp about it.”

   “ It shall be done, Effendi.”

The Arab was well pleased

with the prospect of change. “ An hour
for coffee, and we may go our way.”

  " You can get your coffee and come after
me. The horses are rested, and I start at

once.”

  The Arab, startled, opened his lips to
protest; but a further look at his master’s
face sealed even his "ever-ready tongue ;
and he stood by while Amory vaulted into
the saddle and turned his horse’s head
towards the South.

  ” An revoir for a little while, Achmed
ben Hassan.” His voice held a hint of
cynicism. " We shall meet again pres-
ently. We are fit companions, you and I.
You slew your brother and I saved mine I
but Allah knows there is precious little
diiTerence between us after all I ”

  And while the Arab stood, looking after
him in perplexity, and the sun rose joyously
over the empty sands, he waved his hand
in ironical farewell, and cantered south-
wards into the desert.

jvrjr^u

i

THE night was filled with vanilla and
frangipanni odours and the endless
sound of the rollers on the leef.
Somewhere away back amidst the trees
a woman was singing, the tide was out,
and from the verandah of Lygon’s house,
across the star-shot waters of the lagoon,
moving yellow points of light caught the
eye. They were spearing Ash by torch-
light in the reef pools.

  It had been a shell lagoon once, and in
the old days men had come to Tokahoe
for sandal wood; now there was only
copra to be had, and just enough for one
man to deal with. Tokahoe is only a
little island where one cannot make a
fortune, but where you may live fortun-
ately enough if your tastes are simple and
beyond the lure of whisky and civilisation.

  The last trader had died in this para-
dise, of whisky, or gin — I forget which —
and his ghost was supposed to walk the
beach on moonlight nights, and it was

    2*

yi J)rearrj of the $ea

 By H. DE VERE STACPOOI.E

Author of " The Dltte Lmjoo-i.** “ 1 he Pearl I- ishers,''
                            clc., etc.

apropos of this that Lygon suddenly
put the question to me " Do you believe
in ghosts ? "

  ” Do you ? " replied I.

  “ I don’t know,” said Lygon. " I
almost think 1 do. because every one does.
Oh, I know, a handful of hard-headed
super-civilised people say they don’t, but
the mass of humanity does. The Poly-
nesians and Micronesians do; go to Japan,
go to Ireland, go anywhere, and every-
where you will find ghost believers.”

  “ Lombrosso has written something like
that,” said I.

  ” Has he ? Well it's a fact, but all the
same it’s not evidence, the universality
of a belief seems to hint at reality in
the tiling believed in—yet what is more
wanting in real reason than tabu ? Yet
tabu is universal. You find men here
who daren't touch an artu tree because
artu trees are tabu to them, or eat turtle
or touch a dead body. Well, look at the
Jews; a dead body is tabu to a Cohen.
India is riddled with the business, so’s

41
 Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

English society—it's all the same thing
under different disguises.

   " Funny that talking of ghosts we should
have touched on this, for when I asked you
did you believe in ghosts I had a ghost story
in mind and tabu conics into it. This is it."

  And this is the story somewhat as told
by Lygon.

  Some fifty years back when Pease was
a pirate bold, and Hayes in his bloom,
and the topsails of the Leonora a terror to
all dusky beholders. Maru was a young
man of twenty. He wan son of Malemake,
King of Fukariva. a kingdom the sire of
a soup plate, nearly as round and without
a middle—an atoll island, in short; just a
ring of coral, sea beaten and circling, like
a bezel, a sapphire lagoon.

  Fukariva lies in the Paumotus or
Dangerous Archipelago where the currents
run every way and the trades are unac-
countable. The underwriters to this day
fight shy of a Paumotus trader, and in
the '6o’s few ships came here and the few
that came were on questionable business.
Maru up to the time he was twenty years
of age only remembered three.

  There was the Spanish ship that came
into the lagoon when he was seven.
The picture of her remained with him.
burning and brilliant, yet tinged with
the atmosphere of nightmare, a big top-
sail schooncr that lay for a week mirroring
herself on the lagoofl water whilst she
refitted, fellows with red handkerchiefs tied
ronnd their heads crawling aloft and laying
out on the spars. They came ashore for
water and what they could find in the way
of taro and nuts, and made hay on the
bcach, insulting the island women till the
men drove them off. Then when she was
clearing the lagoon a brass gun was run
oat and fired, leaving a score of dead and
wounded on that salt white strand.

  That was the Spaniard. Then came a
whaler who took what she wanted and
cut down trees for fuel and departed,
leaving behind the smell of her as an
enduring recollection, and lastly, when
Maru was about eighteen, a little okl
schooner slank in one early morning.

   She lay in the lagoon like a mangy dog,
a humble ship, very unlike the Spaniard
or the blustering whaleman. She only
wanted water and a few vegetables, and
her men gave no trouble ; then, one evening,
she alank out again with the ebb. but she
left something behind her—smallpox. It
cloared the island, and of the hundred
and fifty subjects of King Malemake
only ten were left—twelve people in all.
counting the king and Maru.

  The king died of a broken heart an<
age. and of the eleven people left thr««
were women, widows of men who had di
of the smallpox.	j

  Maru was unmarried, and as the kinij
of the community he might have collected
the women for his own household,
he had no thought of anything but gri
grief for his father and the people w
were gone. He drew apart from t
others, and the seven widowers began
arrange matters as to the distribution d
the three widows. They began wf
arguments and ended with clubs: ti
men were killed, and one of the wo:
killed another man because he had brai
the man of her fancy.

  Then the dead were buried in the lag*

—Maru refusing to help because of
tabu—and the three newly married cou
settled down to live their lives, leaving M
out in the cold. He was no longer ki
The women despised him because he hadn!
fought for one of them, and the men
cause he had failed in brutality and lea
ship. They were a hard lot, true survi
of the fittest, and Maru. straight as a p;
tree, dark eyed. genUc. and a drea
seemed, amongst them, like a man
another tribe and time.

  He lived alone, and sometimes in tS
sun blaze on that great ring of coral
fancied he saw the spirits of the de_
walking as they had walked in life,
sometimes at night he thought he h
the voice of his father chiding him.

  When the old man died Marn had
fused to touch the body or help in
burial. Filial love, his own salvat
nothing would have induced Maru to
his tabu.

  It was part of him, an iron reef in
character beyond the touch of will.

   II

  On* morning some six weeks after
this marrying and settling down
came into the lagoon. She was a bl7
birder, the Portsoy, owned and capt
by Colin Robertson, a Banffshire
hence the name of his brig. Ro‘
and his men landed, took off water, C
nuts, baiianas, and everything else
could find worth taking. Then t
turned their attention to the popula'
Four men were not a great find.
Robertson was not above trifles He.
cruited them; that is to say, he
them into his boat and took then*
board the Portsoy, leaving the ^
widows—grass widows now—wailing

42
H. de Vere Stacpoole

   8oore. lie bad no fine feelings about
kou5*arr*age tie and he reckoned they
n wake out somehow. They were no
tjv him as labour and they were ill-
all the same. being a man ol
5j|^ ll*y and some humour, he dipped
Uj. , aK to them as the Portsoy cleared
an,i breasted the tumble at the

thpIaru landing alt saw the island with
tulJwte foam fighting the coral and the
p4i *'hrrshuig arour. l the break. *vw the
of !?* cot against the pale aquamarine
Un. ** 'byline that swept up the burning
*r.,i noon, heard the long rumble
of the snrf on the foltowing
. and watched and listened till the
°1 the surf, died to nothingness
°» the island nothing eauuned but

the palm tops, like pinheads above the
sea dazzle.

  He felt no grief, but there came to him
a new and strange thing, a silence that
the shipboard sounds could not break.
Sincc birth the eternal boom of the waves
on coral had been in his cars, night and
day and day and night—louder in storms,
but always there. It was gone. Tbat
was why, despite the sound of the bow
wash and boost of the waves and the
creak of cordage and block, the brig seemed
to have carried Marn into the silmce of
a new world

  They worked free of the Paumotua into
the region of settled winds and accountable
currents, passing atolls, and reefs that
showed like the threshing of a shark's
tad in the blue, heading north-west in

In the canoe was a girl, naked as the new moon. Paddle in hand and half crouching,
she drove the canoe towards him, the sail loose and flapping in the wind.

43
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

a world of wind and waves and sky.
desolate of life and, for Maru, the land of
Nowhere.

   So it went on from week to week. and.
 as far as lie was concerned, so it might have
 gone on for ever. He knew nothing of
 the world into which he had been suddenly
 snatched, and land which was not a ring
 of coral surrounding a lagoon was for him
 unthinkable.

   He knew nothing of navigation, and the
 brass-bound wheel at which a sailor was
 always standing with his hands on the
 spoktti. now twirling it this way, now that,
 had for him a fascination beyond words,
 the fascination of a strange toy for a little
 child, and something more. It was the
 first wheel he had ever seen and its move-
 ments about its axis seemed magical, and
 it was never left without some one to hold
 it and move it—why ? The mystery of
 the binnacle into which the wheel-movcr
 was always staring, as a man stares into
 a rock pool after fish, was almost as
 fascinating.

   Maru peeped into the binnacle one day
 and saw the fish. like a star-fish, yet
 trembling and moving like a frightened
 thing. Then some one kicked him away
 and he ran forward and hid. feeling that
 he had pried into the secrets of the
 white men's gods and fearing the con-
 sequences.

  But the white men's gods were not
confined to the wheel and binnacle; down
below they had a god that could warn
them of the weather, for that day at noon,
and for no apparent reason, the sailors
began to strip the brig of her canvas.
Then the sea rose, and two hours later
the cyclone seized them. It blew every-
thing away and then took rhem into its
calm heart, where, dancing like giants in
dead still air, and with the sea for a ball-
room floor, the hundred-foot-high waves
broke the Portsoy to pieces.

   Maru alone was saved, clinging to a
piece of hatch cover, half stunned, con-
fused, yet unafraid and feeling vaguely
that the magic wheel and the trembling
fish god had aomehow betrayed the white
men. He knew that he was not to die.
because this strange world that had taken
him from his islamd had not done with
him yet. and the sea, in touch with him
like this, and half washing over him at
times, had no terror for him, for he had
learned to swim before he had learned to
walk. Also his stomach was full, he had
been eating biscuits whilst the Portsoy's
canvas - was being stripped away and

   though the wind was strong enough at
most to whip the food from his hands.]
The peaceful swell that followed tW|
cyclone was a thing enough to have drive*
au ordinary man mad with terror. N'o^J
lifted hill high on a glassy slope, the whoW
wheel of the horizon camc to view und4
the breezing wind and blazing sun, thefl
gently down-sliding the hatch cover woulfl
sink to a valley bottom only to cliinl
again a glassy slope and rise again h«
high into the wind and sun. Foam flecW
passed on the surfacc and in the greM
sun dazzled crystal of the valley floo®
he glimpsed strips of fucus floating frfl
down, torn by the storm from their rocll
attachments, and through the slopiijfl
wall of glass up which the hatch covtfl
was climbing he once glimpsed a shard
lifted and cradled in a ridge of the greM
swell, strange to see as a fly in amber <*|
a fish in ice.	I

  The hatch cover was sweeping with ‘I
four-knot current, moving with a whojfl
world of things concealed or half-seen <*1
hinted at. A sea currcnt is a street.i*|
is more, it is a moving pavement for tt#!
people of the sea; jcllv fish were Ix-mfl
carried with Maru on the great swell ru*"i
ning with the current, a turtle broke tjjl
water close to him and plunged again, a»?|
onee a white roaring reef passed by OSUM
a few cable lengths. He could see theroC*!
exposed for a moment and the water closiflfl
011 it in a tumble of foam.

   For a day and a night and a day and * I
night the voyage continued, the swflj
falling to a gentle licave, and then in & ’
dawn camc a sail, the mat sail of a caofSa
like a brown wing cut against the haliouS
shell coloured sky.	JB

  In the canoe was a girl, naked as tMM
new moon. Paddle in hand and h*£ 1
crouching, she drove the canoe towa^H
him. the sail loose and flapping in the win*4
Then he was on board the canoc. but
he got there he scarcely knew, the wWT$
tiling was like a dream within a drcad^Bn
In the canoe there was nothing. neitl»*|f
food nor water, only some fishing
and as he lay exhausted, consumed wfJJ
thirst, «and faint with hunger, he saw *^8
girl resetting the sail. She had
fishing last evening from an island Tyjj
north, and blown out to sea by a sqfljgl
h3d failed to mklce the land again.
she had sighted an island in the sou'Was-
and was making for it when she saw **

4*
H. de Vere Stacpoole

hatch cover and the brown, clinging form
of Maru.

   As he lay half dead in the bottom of
lhe canoe he watched her as she crouched
with eyes fixed on the island and the steer-
paddle in hand ; but before they could
reach it a squall look them, half filling the
canoe with rain water, and Maru drank and
‘h’ank till his ribs stood out. and thcn,
renewed, half rose as the canoe steered
by the girl rushed past tumbling green
teas and a broken reef to a beach white
3alt, towards which the great trees
came down with the bread fruits dripping
with the new-fallen rain and the palms
heading like whips in the wind.

IV

   Talia. that was her name, and though her
language was diiferent from the tongue
Maru. it had a likeness of a sort. In
mose days that little island was uncharted
*nd entirely desolate but for tho gulls
°f the reef and the birds of the woods,
*nd it was a wonderland to Maru. whose
•dea of land as a sea-beaten ring of coral
Was shattered by woods that bloomed
Rr^eii as a sea cave to the moonlight,
high ground where rivulets danced amidst
the fern, and a beach protected from the
Outer seas by a far-flung line of reels.
Talia to him was as wonderful as the
island; she had come to him out of the
tea. she had saved his life. 6he was as
‘hfferent from the women of the Pau-
tnotus as day from night. A European
wpuld have called hcr beautiful, but
Maru had no thought of her beauty or
her sex; she was just a being, beneficent,
almost divorced from earth, the strangest
*hing in the strange world that Fate had
tewed him into, part with the great heav-
swell he had ridden so long, the turtle
*®at had broken up to look at him. the
•Pouting reef, the sunsets over wastes of
Wat#ir and the stars spread over the wastes

of Sljy

He worshipped her in his way, and he
JJi'gUt have worshipped her at a greater
<”*tance only for the common bond of
Vouth between them and the incessant
.'**0 of the world around them. Tall a
?ra* practical, she seemed to have forgotten
pr people and that island up north and
live entirely in the moment. They
®*ade two shacks in the bushes and she
him island wood-era ft and the
of berries and fruit that he had never
before, also when to fish in the lagoon ;
°*j a month after they reached the island

the poisonous season arrived and Talia
knew it. how, who can tell ? She knew
many things by instinct—the approach
of storms, and when the poisonous season
had passed, the times for fishing ; and little
by little their tongues, that had almost
been divided at first, became almost one
so that they could chatter together on
all sorts of tilings and she could tell him
that her name was Talia the daughter of
Tepairu. that hcr island was named
Makca. that her people had twenty canoes,
big ones, and many little ones, and that
Tepairu was not the name of a man. but
a woman. That Tepairu was queen or
chief woman of her people now that her
husband was dead.

  And Maru was able to tell her by degrees
of what he could remember, of the old
Spanish ship and how she sponted smoke
and thunder and killed the beach people,
of his island, and its shape—he drew it on
the sand, and Talia. who knew nothing
of atolls at first, refused to believe in it.
thinking he was jesting. Of his father,
who was chief man or king of Fukariva.
and of the destruction of the tribe. Thcn
he told of the ship with the little wheel
—he drew it on the sand—and the little
fish god. of the centre of the cyclone
where the waves were like while dat.cing
men. and of his journey on the hatch cover
across the blue heaving sea.

  They would swim in the lagoon together
right out to the reefs where the great
rollers were always breaking, and out
there Talia always seemed to remember
her island, pointing north with her eyes
fixed across the sea dazzle, as though she
could see it. and her people and the twenty
canoes beachcd on the spume-white beach
beneath the palms

  " Some day they will come," said Talia
She knew her people, those sea rovers,
inconsequent as the gulls; some day. for
some reason or none, one of the fishing
canoes would fish as far as this island. c*r
be blown there by some squall; she would
take Maru back with her. She told him
this.

  The thought began to trouble Maru.
Then he grew gloomy. He was in love.
Love had hit him suddenly. Somehow
and in some mysterious manner she had
changed from a beneficent being and part
of a dream to a girl of flesh and Wood.
She knew it. and at the same moment he
turned for her into a man.

  l.Tp to this she had had no thought of him
except as an individual, for all her dreams
about him he might as well have been a
 Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

palm tree; but now it was different, and
in a flash he was everything. The surf
on tho reef said Maru, and flie wind in
the trees, Maru, and the gulls fishing and
crying at the break had one word. Maru,
Maru. Maru.

   Then one day, swimming out near the
 bigger break in the reefs, a current drove
 them together, their shoulders touched
 and Maru's arm went round her, and
 amidst the blue laughing sea and the
 shouting of the gulls lie told her that the
 whole world was Talia, and as lie told her
 and as she listened the current of the ebb
 like a treacherous hand was drawing them
 through the break towards the devouring
 sea.

   They had to fight their way back; the
 ebb just beginning would soon be a mill
 race, and they knew, and neither could
 help the other. It was a hard struggle
 for Jove and life against the enmity
 against life and love that hides in all
 things, from the heart of man to the heart
 of tlie sea, but they won. They had
 reached calm waters and were within
 twenty strokes of the beach when Talia
 cried out suddenly and sank.

   Maru. who was slightly in front, turned
 and found her gone. She had been seized
 with cramp, the cramp that comes from
 over-exertion, but he did not know that.
 The lagoon was free of •harks, but, despite
 that fact and the fact that he did not fear
 them, lie fancied for one fearful moment
 that a shark had taken her.

   Then he saw her below, a dusky form
 on the coral floor, and he dived.

   He brought her to the surface, reached
 the sandy beach, and carrying her in his
 arms ran with her to tho higher level of
 the sands and placed her beneath the
 shade of the trees; she moved in his arms
 as he carried her, and when he laid her
 down her breast heaved in one great
 sigh, water ran from her mouth, her
 limbs stiffened, and she moved no more.

   Then all the world became black for
 Maru ; he knew nothing of the art of resus-
 citating the drowned Talia was dead.

   He ran amongst the trees crying out
 that lalia was dead, he struck himself
 against tree boles and was tripped In-
 ground lianas; the things of the forest
 seemed trying to kill him too. Then he
 hid amongst the ferns, lying on his face
 and telling the earth that Talia was dead.
 Then came sundown and after that the
 green moonlight of the woods, and sud-
 denly sleep, with a vision of blue laughing
 sea and Talia swimming beside him. and

 then day again, and with the day the vision
 of Talia lying dead beneath the trees.

. He could not bury her. He could not
touch her. The iron reef of his tabu
held firm, indestructible, unalterable as the
main currents of the sea.

   He picked fruits and ate them like an
 animal and without knowing that he ate,
 torn towards the beach by the passionate
 desire to embrace once more the form
 that he loved, but held from the act by
 a grip ten thousand years old and immut-
 able as gravity or the spirit that lives in
 religions.

   He must not handle the dead. Through
 all his grief came a weird tonch of comfort,
 she had not been dead when he carried
 her ashore. He had not touched the dead.

   Then terrible thoughts came to him of
 what would happen to Talia if he left
 her lying there. Of what predatory gulls
 might do. He had some knowledge of
 these matters, and past visions of what
 had happened on Fukariva when the dead
 were too numerous lor burial came to him.
 making him shiver like a whipped dog.
 He could, at all events, drive the birds
 away, without touching her. without even
 looking at her; his presence on the beach
 would keep the birds away. It was near
 noon when this thought came to him. He
 had been lying on the grouud, but he sat
 up now. as though listening to this thought, j
 Then he rose up and came along cautiously
 amongst the trees. As he came the
 rumble of the reef grew louder and the
 sea wind began to reach him through the
 leaves, then the light of the day grew
 stronger, and slipping between the palm
 boles he pushed a great bread-fruit leaf
 aside and peeped, and there on the blind-
 ing beach under the forenoon sun. more
 clearly even than he had seen the ghosts
 of men on Fukariva. he saw the ghost of
 Talia walking by the sea and wringing
 its hands.

   Then the forest took him again, mad.
 this time, with terror.

  When on Fukariva he had seen the
ghosts of men walking in the sun blaze
on the coral he had felt no terror ; he had
never seen them except on waking from
sleep beneath some tree, and the sight of
them had never lasted for more than a
moment. He had said to himself. " they
are the spirits of the departed," and they
had seemed to him part of the scheme of
things, like reflections cast on the lagoon,
or the spirit voices heard in the wind,
or dreams, or the ships that had come from
Nowhere and departed Nowhere.

Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

  But the ghost of Talia was different
from these. It was in some tremendous
way real, and it wept because the body
of Talia lay unburied.

  He had made it weep.

   He alone could give it rest.

   Away, deep in the woods, hiding amongst
the bushes, springing alive with alarm at
the slightest sound, he debated this matter
with himself; and curiously, now, love did
not move him at all or urge him—it was
as though the ghost of Talia had stepped
between him and his love for Talia, not
destroying it, but obscuring it. Talia for
him had become two things, the body he
had left lying 011 the sand under the trees
and the ghost he had seen walking on
the beach ; the real Talia no longer existed
for him exccpt as the vaguest wraith. He
lay in the bushes facing the fact that so
long os the body lay unburied the ghost
would walk. It might even leave the
beach and come to him.

  This thought brought him from his
hiding-place—he could not lie alone with
it amongst the bushes; and then he fouud
that he could not stand alone with it
amongst the trees, for at any moment
she might appear wringing her hands in
one of the glades, or glide to his side from
behind one of the tree boles.

  He made for the southern beach.

  Although unused to woods till he
reached this island, he had the instinct
for direction, a brain compass more mys-
terious than the trembling star-fish that
had directed the movements of the wheel ori
board the Portsoy. Making due south
amidst the gloom of the trees, he reached
the beach, where the sun was blazing on
the sands and the birds flying and calling
over the lagoon. The reef lay far out.
a continuous line uulike the reefs to the
north, continuous but for a single break
through which the last of the ebb was
flowing out oilily, mirroring a palm tree
that stood like the warden of the lagoon
The Sound of the surf was low. the wind
had died away, and as Maru stood watch-
ing and listening, peace came to his dis-
tracted soul.

  He felt safe here. Even when Talia
had been with him the woods had always
seemed to him peopled with lurking things,
unused as he was to trees in great masses ;
and now released from them and touched
again by the warmth of the sun he felt
safe. It seemed to him that the ghost
could not come here. The gulls said jt
to him and the flashing water, and as he
lay down on the sands the surf on the reef

said it to him. It was too far away for
the ghost to come. It seemed to him
that he had travelled many thousand
miles from a country remote as his extreme
youth, losing everything on the way but
a weariness greater than time could hold
or thought take recognition of.

  Then he fell asleep, and he slept whilst
the sun went down into the west and the
flood swept into the lagoon and the st
broke out above. That tremendous sleep,
unstirred by the vaguest dream, lasted tilt
the dawn was full.

  Then he sat up, renewed, as though ]
Ck>d had remade him in mind and body

  A gull was strutting on the sands by:
the water's edge, its long shadow struttii:
after it. and the shadow of the gull 11
straight as a javelin into the renewed]]
mind of Maru. Talia was not dead. He
had not seen her ghost. She had coioe to'
life and had been walking by the sea
wringing her hands for him. thinking him i
drowned. For the form he had seen 1
walking on the sands had cast a shadow.
He remembered that now. Ghosts do not J
cast shadows.

  And instantly his mind, made reasonable-I
by rest and sleep, re visualised the picture 1
that had terrified his mind distraught by
grief That was a real form—what folly i
could have made him doubt it! Talia !
was alive—alive, warm, and waiting for |
him on the northern beach, and the love j
for her that fear had veiled rushed ittj
upon him and seized him with a great
joy that made him shout aloud as lie :
sprang to his feet, yet with a pain at his-
heart like the pain of a rankling spearj
wound as he broke through the tree*
shouting as he ran, Talia t Talia! Tulia!" ;

  He passed the bushes where he had i
hidden, and the ferns; he heard the sound |
of the surf coining to meet him, he sa»*
the veils of the leaves divide and the
blaze of light and morning splendour oO
the northern sands and lagoon and sea- 3

  He stood and locked

  Nothing.

  He rau to the place w here he had laid j
her beneath the trees, there was still
faintly visible the slight depression made
by her body, and close by. strangely and
clearly cut, the imprint of a little foot.

  Nothing else.

  He stood and called and called, and n<?
answer came but the wood echo and th*5 !
sound of the morning wind, then he ra«
to the sea edge. Then he knew.

  The sand was trodden up. and on tli« :
Hand, clear cut and fresh, lav the marl:
{j** by a beached canoe and the mark*
, n by the feet of the men who hail beached
^ and floated her again.

They had come —perhaps hcr own people

was

rrj0|ne. maybe, yesterday whilst he
kjr,n8 from his fears debating with his
—Come, and found her, and taken hcr
*»ay.

plunged into the lagoon and, swim*
nS like an otter and helped by the out-
On-? tide, reached the reef. Scrambling
but« thc rou?h coral, bleeding from cuts
feeling nothing of his wounds, he stood
wrinkled eyes facing the sea blaze
Jr/ With the land breeze blowing past
Out beyond the thundering foam of
r«ef to the blue and heaving sea.

I j Away to the north, like a brown wing
*bowcd the sail of a canoe. He
i2^j*l®d it. Tossed by the lilt of the
it ** Jt seemed beckoning to him. Now
j^^nished in the sea dazzle. now re-
t3F**ed. dwmdhug to a point, to vanish
last like a dream of the sea. gone, never
.» recaptured
••..And Maru?" 1 asked of Lygon,
** lie ever__*'

H. de Verc Stacpoole

  ” Never,” said Lygon. ” The islands
of the sea arc many. Wait.” He struck
a gong that stood close to his chair, struck
it three times, and the sounds passing into
the night mixed with the voices of the
canoe men returning from fishing on the reef.

  Then a servant came on to the verandah,
an old, old man, half bent like a withered
tree.

  " Maru.” said Lygon, " you can take
away these glasses—but, one moment,
Maru, tell this gentleman your story."

  " The islands of the sea arc many,"
said Maru. like a child repeating a lesson.
Ho paused for a moment as though trying
to remem ber some more, thcn he passed
out of the lamplight with the glasses.

  " A year ago he remembered the whole
story.” said Lygon.

  But for me the whole story lay in those
words, that voice, those trembling hands
that seemed still searching for what the
eyes could see no more.

* m

Take

 lor in lha»a ’ Impnaa l.la

  Escape im-

       s possible !

        Of course
 not impos-
 K* Not lung's
 g-P^iLlr m this
 ■ and though
 '* «*ntmR
 gfem*. a n d
 EWy a lie on
 £	of the

 ,	of person

       »a« it. it s
 ^ true

 Vwor(j

           chaps "
 hi. Pohltcd with
 \L ^P** towards

 of convicts working in two long
 t,le ,oot th<? tor below us—
 chap* can escape all right, as man
 k. 5® Anything anywhere provided ho sets
 ..“^od to it '

 H^n<l provided " I uid drowsily—I was
 asleep - '' provided he's t he right
 - ^ Run with the right sort of mind "
 ejjj. "ell. you needn't worry about that
 rj-J?* If he's not the richt’sort with the
 **>rt of mind he won't start on one of
 Kj? “npaasiblc stunt* —prison-breaking or
 or any other. No. there's only one
 tL_5 you’ve got to make provision for in
 impossible ' jobs, and that's lurk—

__ _____Mutch

tyt rtappy Mm

linn* lhal iou'm S»1 to mak« pro
Is H>S«.	lhal • luck—lli» ROM

” Thaca • only

t' i

 I lack that alwar* con In
 iSrai a chap Un oal for

 Mm or lb* olkar kn

 ...SI tool

 arary >Uky

      the little bit of
      luck that always
      cuts in one side or
      the other in every
      risky thing a chap
      laysoutfor. Good
      luck, and he pulls
      out a heaven-sent
      miracle; bad luck,
      and the whole
      bottom rips right
      out of the miracle
      he’s made on his
      own."

 I said. " That's
 all right. But
 you're getting
 away from it. It's
 iv from that place"—
 distant prison—" that

 about getting awa\

 I indicatod the
 we're arguing."

   He had been lying (as was I) flat on his
 back, bis hands beneath his head, his voice
 coming sepulchrally from beneath his hat,
 pulled (like mine) over his face against the
 sun.

   He sat up with a jerk, that brought his
 hands to his toes, and turned his head
 towards me, " Don't you worry. That's
 what I'm talking about. That's just a case
 in point for you. And a pretty hot one. I
 don’t mind telling you. You're the first man
 outside of me and another that'll hear it.

49
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

 Look here, you’re one of these writing chaps.
 Make a story out of this."

   I said " Good enough.” and snuggled my
 head and adjusted my hat against the sun
 a bit more comfortably to doze off. In my
 capacity as one of those writing chaps I had
 been given stories before. Good enough.
 Go ahead.”

   ” What'll you call it ? "

   " Call it ? Man alive, how the devil do
 / know?"

   This was the rottenest way of being
pleasantly lulled to sleep by a story—the
way of the man who keeps digging you in
the ribs with questions all the time. So I
spoke irritably and finished. ” How do I
know ? I don’t even know what it’s about.”
** I tell you ”—he had assumed an
annoyingly deep voice as though he really
had something big to tell—" I tell you, it’s
about what I was saying. About how a bit
of luck always cuts in when a man’s up
against it. Cuts in this side or that. And
about a case in point right here in breaking
out of this prison."

   Infernally annoying. Getting much too
 near to be pleasantly drowsifying. I
 couldn't help saying in surprise—and how
 can you sleep if you're going to be sur-
 prised ?—

   " Here, was it ? This prison ? ”

   It: seemed to annoy him. But how was
I to know ?

   “ Here ? Of coursc it was here ! Dam it.
 it was right there on that very road where
 those chaps are working now.'

   I echoed his " darn it.” “ What was ? ”
 " Why. the breakaway. This breakaway
 from that prison that I’m going to tell you
 about. Look, there’s the very spot. See
 those two boulders on the leit of the road
 and how the moor gets up into a bit of an
 embankment on the right ? See ? "

   I could tell he was pointing and waiting
 for ma, and I have suffered all my life from
 an infernal politeness which makw brusque-
 ness almost impossible in me. Moreover, the
 story was starting with an annoying
 realism that I knew would prove delusive—
 they always do—but which insisted on
 attention. So I groaned, and struggled up
 to sitting position, and squinted at his
 beastly boulders and embankment, and
 grunted, and lay down again.

   No peace. "Well, what'll you call it.
 then ? ” he demanded.

  Oh, h-1 I cast back to what he had

 said when he first put tho question. Some-
 thing about the bit of luck in everything,
 wasn’t it ? ” What about ' The Bit of
 Luck ’ ? " I grunted into my hat.

   Couldn't see him, but conld feci he was

mentally visualising this suggestion in
Apparently he found a dramatic look a
it—imagined it in the sprawling &
headline capitals of a cheap '.lust
magazine, I suppose. " Yes, that's g
he said. " That's what it was. an
It sure was. Right. Now I'll start."
He started, and I went to sleep. . . .
He droned (I suppose; Heaven kn
how long) and I slept. A question aro
me. One of his fatuous questions a
names. " What'll I call him ? " he
saying. " Eh ? ”

   How on earth was I to know ?i * J!
even know who he was talking about,
alone whether it was an adjective or a S
name he wanted to apply to the chap.
raised my heavy lids. The sun refli
through my hat showed me the ma'
name. ** Call him Tabor." I suggested.

  He commented doubtfully. " Tat
Rum name.”

   " Makes rum hats.” I muttered. It
a poor hat.

   ” What ? "

   " I say he was a rum chap.”

  The wild shot was obviously good
obviously pleased him. The sul
of an attentive listener. He said pie;

" He was, wasn't he ? Rum I He s
was. Yes, that’s good. A rum name fo*
rum chap. Clever that. I suppose
writing chaps get into the knack of
Right, we'll call him Tabor. Not a Z-_
like his real name ; and that's right t0j
isn't it ? "	jS

   " Saves trouble," I agreed, " libels &
all that.

   " Well, there he was, you see." he weat
(presumably where he had left off). " To i
he was. this chap Ta—what was it ? ’
“Tabor. F. F. Tabor. Hatt—"

  " What ? Tabor. F. F. Tabor.
good. There he was. this Tabor—F- (or Fr®*
eh ?—this. Fred Tabor, in about as b3“,.i
hole as man could be in. Wasn't he. j
I hadn't the remotest. So I
" Rather ! "

   " Absolute bl.tr It rain in front of
unless hr could meet this bill right t*g3
and a sporting chance of setting the » “
business plumb on its feet again if oa
could lay his hands on the ready W -
over. Say, you can imagine him sl5. ^
there in his office—darn well-furniS^S
office, luxurious, all the latest fitting*-
contrivances, two clerks in the °ute{ r',,-3S'
slap-up girl stenographer—nice girl she .
Took her to the theatr* one night.
and all. Cost me sev«n poun" ten-
Iutely straight, you know. Nothing lt>
slap up girl stenographer in littl"

5°
A. S. M. Hutchinson

 ide. Every sign and mark of pros-
 Whole thing built up by his own
 w—head rather. Respected’by every
 traded with. Liked above a bit by
 ^y°nowhoknew hun. Stenographer used
 jj 7®ePa photo of him in her desk—showed
 We. And there was this poor devil
 ta^ed up at his big writing table, elbows
 crimson leather, fists at his temples,
 i-,* ruin hanging up its hat in the lobby
 : ;?H«t about to walk in.

 for want of the ready just to tide
 »ith. You get that, don't you ? Stick

 IS	your story because that's vital, if
 i. J* going to make a job of it. Right; well,
 very darn moment the opportunity
 B?*- Trust funds Tide him over slick
 j^lutely Him and his wife and kid—
 KSWWai idolisation society those three—
 good name and liis old mother and
 brother (never saw brothers so
 ** those two) and the slap up steno-
 and the two clerks and the whole
 of them Wbat a brute of a
 lJJ^ti.,11 to come at a chap. eh ? I jke a
 Tpj^hft-bclt popping up under the nose of
 iSi^^ung man—and about as likely to be
 by. what ? Don't care who the
 v W*.5ught be. This chap—this Ta—what

r sJ—-?

   .,*abor."

        Tabor was as clean white as tlie
      (hot

 miaea — opportunity — ]
r	hands while he sat there. «Trust

 ■nf' Misappropriation Ember/lement
 Vw* chance on it. Lost. By George,
 at the Old Bailey and falling down
 stairs with seven years' penal
 V/ ne darn well had time to realise

 *	J^He it."

^ * was a dramatic touch and had me

t*ian 1 had been s° far- But

             0,5 into a lonK ramble in which
 SaT? TOe incoherent references to the
 first bitter years in pnson. and
 N tCraP stenographer, and his wife, and
 *5 an<* another, and on the tide of
 do*ed off again. I might fill in the
 %|J^hap>, while he talked and I mint
 slept, by saying that I had run
 1casually a week before while doing
 '2' ta a bit of a cottage on the moor.

 h •' ***** 6shln# ***■ api*-****! *°
 hi t**ne—whenever 1 happened
 'J1 -u» sitting motionless
 r E***,.11": a statue of the

on some
moor's own

 brooding over the prison. What
 ttoifv! whul his job was I never knew
 ^ to. ' ^ed to conintutr till he pave me

 to conjecture till he gave me
 In the course of it—when he

 got me- interested—I guessed once or twice,
 but wrongly, I think. At its conclusion 1
 guessed again, and not far of! I imagine. I
 thought first he was the man Tabor himself ;
 but he clearly wasn't—the stuff about the
 stenographer, and later his own part in the
 business dished that. I thought last—and
 I suspicion it still—that he had taken on
 Tabor’s job : the odd job you shall hear in
 a minute. Tabor dead perhaps (or. by
 Jove, it comes to me, in prison again
 perhaps !), and his money and his enthu-
 siasm left to this chap. He'd have been a
 good man for it, anyway. A biggish chap,
 taller than he looked because of his per-
 fectly artormous chest and shoulders. Arms
 to match. Brown as mahogany and about
 as hard—he seemed to wear a singlet and
 no shirt, and the sleeves of his flannel
 jacket, slipping back, disclosed the terrific
 limbs they covered. Hands to match.
 And face. Curiously kind of thrusting for-
 ward cheekbones and the skin stretched
 very tight, but without hollows or gaunt-
 ness. Seemed to be from, or to have lived in.
 Canada or the States by some of his speech,
 but—well, what does it matter anyway ?
 There he was and this is his story.

   Next thing I heard him saying was one
 of the most painful questions a polite man
 —who knows he’s guilty—can have ad-
 dressed to him-

   " You're not asleep, arc you ?

   I muttered into my hat. “ Rather not,"
 and found to my great discomfort of mind
 that the man Tabor was now out of prison
 again—" Well, there he was, a free man
 again "—and the story presumably ended
 without my having the faintest notion how
 he had effected this wonderful escape of
 his ! Laid there, wide awake now. trying to
 catch a hint of how it had been done : and
 then suddenly realised that the story, far
 from being ended, was only just beginning ;
 that this man Tabor hadn't escaped or
 tried to, but had served his time and been
 released, and that the prison-breaking, wit h
 the bit of luck that was to be the point of it
 all, was by Tabor contrived—for another
 man : to get another man out of the just
 short of seven years unthinkable hell he'd
 been through himself. Sat up and began to
 take notice.

   Was invited at the outset to imagine thin
 poor devil Tabor free again and come back to
 , wife dead, kid dead, mother dead (he didn't
 mention if the stenographer was dead also)
 —all I us world but his young brother dead
 as ashes ; and in the place where his heart
 used to be a live coal of scorching, flaming
 hate against the laws that had taken such
 toll of him for his one mad slip; that and

5*
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

an appalling horror of the thought that
other men, clcan as he, blameless, but for
that accurscd juxtaposition of trial and
temptation, as ho, were going through what
he ha<l been through—" down there.”

  “ Look, it's this way. Down there, and
in all the long-sentence convict prisons,
there's two classes of convicts. Different as
chalk and cheese. One's the born criminal.
Ready-made for the job just as much as the
born poet. You know the typo. Born in
crime, dragged up in crime, lives in crime
and dies in crime. Born in a filthy slum
room. Three or four other families living in
it. Filthy slum mother. Never knew his
father. Mother probably didn't either.
Has a drop of gin to keep him quiet as often
as a drop of milk. Blasphemes fluently
before he’s cut all his teeth. Grows up true
to type. Can’t you see him ? Sloping
forehead, sloping chin, sloping shoulders,
thick ears sticking straight out. rotten
teeth, pigeon chest, arms like an ape.
reaching to his knees, goes to prison on long
sentence as soon as he's old enough and lives
there permanently .for the rest of his life in
intervals of ticket of leave.

  “ The other type ! Ah. by dam ! Other
type's the mail like Tabor. Clean. Honest.
Gentle. Sudden impulse. Sudden necessity
and opportunity. Finds himself down there.
Warders all know ljis sort. Always see it
go the same way. Starts with the old habits.
Says, ’Thank you,’ arid 'Please.' Stands
upright. Moves briskly. Keeps his eyes
wide open. Bit by bit, day by day, month
by month—ah. man alive ! eternal grinding
year by eternal grinding year, the prison
shuts down on him and crushes him down,
down, just as if the roof and walls of his cell
were contracting on him. Down he goes,
bit by bit. The ' Thank vous ' go, and
the ' Pleases ' go, and the’ straight back
goes, and the brisk walk goes, and the wide
eyes go. Everything that was in him goes,
and they let him loose, and he shuffles out,
and he finds everything that was of him
gone. Just hate left in him and horror.
Like Tabor.

  " Now look. Tabor, lwing the sort of
chap he had been, had the horror of it all
uppermost. He'd not been out a week
when a forgotten relative in Australia or
some darn place died in—just like they do
in stories, iu—what is it ? **

  “ Intestate."

  " Sure. Intestate and left him quite a
respectable little pot of money. Wouldn't
you think he’d clear off somewhere strange
and quiet and start in to sit down and get
back to life and enjoy it ? Wouldn't you ? "

  I nodded assent.

   " Do you know, he set up right tit
London, and set down to the darn
idea ever. Prison snatcher. C
snatcher. Had the craze —and by d
was right, he sure was—that escape
be worked from outside if a word co‘
got to the chap before he went in-

  I interposed: “ But how could that
done ? "

  " Right when the chap was sent*
Listen to me. Tabor set himself to s$
court every criminal sessions and if
a clcan chap, like he had been,
there by sudden chance and impul
he'd been brought there, to get in
with the chap's relatives—old fati
poor wife or some such—and say to

■	Look. When you go down to the eft,
say good-bye to that boy of yours, tell
" Hope. There's a sport going to
you. Hope. Never give up hope.

Soon or late, he says, he’ll get you o'
he sure will. He says you’re never to
up hoping. Get up every morning sa>

It will sure to be to-day ; and go to bed
night saying. It will sure be to-E^-
He says : Watch for it. Keep bright
Jump right at it when it comes. Alv
ready to jump right at it when it
It'll come, boy. It sure will. Hope.’

  " That was Tabor's idea—to k«
good man from going down, down. doW'r^
prison crushes him down, by giving, m
Hope. To keep the • Thank yous'

•	Pleases' and the straight back and theBgj
walk and the wide eye in him by
and to yank him out before ever the
began to crumple."

  He leant forward and tapped me
sivcly on the knee.

  " By dam ! d'you know who til tb®*
first cate of the sort Tabor was
that came up into the dock under hirnf1(J^
watching in the gallery ? It was hi» ™
young brother."

  He certainly had me surprised hV ^
development. I suppose another •jHB
my place would have remarked Cf*
that these sudden, these guiltless
seemed rather to run in the Tabor ^
but I never can say that sort of
sometimes I'm glad I aui't. I	$

He made a pretty good, at least a
natural, case for Tabor the younger-, fi
was sudden and unpremeditated
another kind. In three words ’
with intent," and in half a dozen
who was no better than *b#
been, and another man. and	g&

drawing on him with the man'*

(in the man's own Ha*), and leaving p&
dead and pr«jtty well never comiog
A. S. M. Hutchinson

 *nteb

        again until his brother, down in the
 **Us below the court, tears running down
 j“* face, was whispering to him the words
 A® had meant to communicate to a prisoner,
 j®thinkablc pain to have to say to his own
 •oolised young brother:
 j.'i*Hope. old man. Never lose Hope. You
 *Wow I was going to get other chaps out of
 ’fhere you're going. My God. I never
 Rlpaght it’d be you. Dear old man. it’ll
 >**11 the more sure, all the quicker. Watch
 r?c it, old man. Day and night. Watch.
 E®P«. Good-bye, old man."

. ft was just over a year that he had to
,0pe and to watch for it. as things turned
Bff*- The end of that time found Tabor
*£7®. younger, after brief sojournings in
^•ous jails, lodged at the prison that lay
:j®our view ; and now at last I was given
r16 straight story of the escape, and began
MBJ*°°k ouc for the ” bit o{ luck which
been promised as the pith of the
^Venture.

■	-t" Tabor came and lived down hero, spent
SjSttB watching from this very rise where
sit. and worked out his plan. Then
HS** when I came into it. I’d arranged to
rJJP him. He came up to town to me
‘ »£?ing to get young Bill’—that was his
rjjhcr'i name—'out of it this month.' h«-
me. • You’re on ? * * Sure ’ * You
P 2* drive a car ? * * Sure thing. Most any
'tome	,ook at one Tve

 I* By darn, that was a car. Last thing off
 y market in autos and left the rest like
 ^f*nettes. Six-cylinder Pelham-Flyte.

     what made me wince was her colour.
 JgRht scarlet. Bright 1—it made every
 «. r d ever seen look like tinned salmon.

to rns^ hnn away in that.' says

      ** • to

. By darn ! you're going to advertise

•	ttLj,0uftlfy‘* I said. ' That colour would

 *	trj *otu* enough for a vaudeville star or
 -®^*oure«l boxer. I reckon a blind man
 remember that car.’

That’s right,' says Tabor. 'That’s
d^yt’^for. Now look. Stand away a bit

      "-'ith that he steps to her and round
 ligand flicks down cunningly rolled-up
 by f^| buttoning under her on studs, ami
 DuBtZ?***®! in two tick* she was a dun-
 ^ cSi old craft solemn enough to take
 Hjj chief mourner to a funeral Arrange-
 canvas covers, it was. that hooked
 you'* 411 °vrr paint-work Cute. Give

        word

you can get the idea,’ says Tabor,
‘tart* in and tells it me, Simple as

6	OS a house. His brother was in a

gang working on a road—that road down
there—and likely to be on it quite a piece
of time. We'd rush that road in the scarlct
car—twice. First time we’d have a break-
down right alongside where the boy was
working and whisper him the word : ' Next
time we come, jump for it.’ Next day
we’d come again. Breakdown again.
Young Bill'd jump for it. Us off like hell
behind us. Stop in a few miles. Pull down
the covers on the car. Double on our tracks ;
and while they were wiring all over the
country to hold up a flaming scarlet auto,
amble the boy leisurely to safety in our
solemn old mourning coach."

  " By Jove, it was a scheme," I said.
" Go on.

  " It sure was. Dandy. And there's
not much more go on to go. We ran it
slick. I tuned that auto up a day or two till
I got to know her so I could run her blind-
fold into hell an’ out again. Then 1 fetched
her down here. We ran round a bit so the
warders should get the idea of us—wealthy
tourist doing the moor in his swell red
streak. Then one day we let out down that
road. Young Bill we’d fixed with field-
glasses from this knoll here. The convicts
were working about ten yards apart each
side the route. Opening up the drainage
ditching was the job. Warders pacing about.
Young Bill fortunately working within
twenty yards of the head of the line. If he'd
been midway—they stretched a quarter
mile, I daresay—we’d have stood a risk of
some one jumping into the road in the
hullabaloo when we got ofi and getting
tangled up in the wheels and stopping us.
As it was wc ran into the road from this
end—see ? up towards those boulders—
and ran up through the two lines of the poor
devils—them all glad of an excuse to stop
their digging and have a stare and a scowl
or a grin. Ran up slow till we were close
upon young Bill. Then I put the auto
almost on top of him and pulled up. He
was on my side. 1 saw his face go white
and red. but he stood Steady and rested on
his spade, one foot in the ditch and one on
the roadside. Tabor stepped out and came
round my side against where young Bill
stood. Opened the bonnet and put his
head in and tinkered a bit. Then he said
low and clear. * To-morrow. Bill J ump
in the minute 1 shout.’ Got back alongside
me and wc pulled out and got away.

  ** Next day we fixed her ready. A big fur
rug we lashed across to cover the back seat
so that a man sitting thero would only show
liis head above It. On the seat was roomy
trousers, shooting jacket, and a big leather
coat that young Bill could wriggle into

53
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

   over his broad-arrow suit. Tabor got in
   behind this time. Plan of it was for him to
   step out alongside young Bill and leave the
   door open and the side of the rug turned up so
   young Bill’d make just one dive and be in the
   seat. Tabor was to walk round the front of
   the car, camc to the seat alongside me as if for
   n spanner or such, get his hand on the door,
   and then shout ■ Now,’ and the two of ’em
   would jump for it. Tabor next me and vounn
   Bill behind.

     "By darn I I felt like I’d got a cold fish
   down between my sliirt and my spine as we lit
   down that road to hit our passenger. Tabor
   was breathing through his nose so I could hear
   him above the engine. It was snre jumpy
   work until we got something to jump for. which
   was when we ro-startcd and the shouting and
   the shooting began."

     I said. “ Shooting 1 By Gad ! tho warders
   fired at you, did they f ’’

     ’’ They sure did. Three of ’em were stand-
   ing with their carbines on that bit of an
   embankment right above young Bill's head and
   where we pulled up. Tabor slips out from be-
   hind according to programme, leaves the door
   on the swing and comes steady round the front
   of the car. Young Bill standing resting on his
   spade pretty much as he’d been the day before.

     " Then something switched in we hadn't
   figured on. A warder above young Bill bends
   over and sings out, ' Two-forty ! Get on with
   your work there ! Standing staring ! '

     “ The shout staggered Tabor a bit. Non-
   plussed him. That’s the word you'd use. eh ?
   He stops and has a squint-inside Uie bonnet
   to eollecthiiuself and to watch out of the back
   of his ejrt: what young Bill would do. Young
   Bill took a wrong turn ’Stead of making a
   show of getting on with his digging, he re-
   mained as he was. resting on his spade, ready
   to jump at the shout. Tabor fetches round
   from the bonnet and comes to the door. Puts
   his fist on the handle and liis foot on the step
   and opens his mouth to shout.

     “By darn, things got tight then. The
  darn warder that had »ung out to young Bill
  sings out again. ; Damn yon, two-forty.’ he
  sings out. 'get on with it.’ and as if their tongues
  had been pulled with the same string Tabor
  chooses the very same moment to let fly.

   ’ Now ! 1 he shouts, an' out of every second in
   the whole blamed year couldn’t have chosen a
   worse one. The warder with his ’ Get on with
   it I ’ jumps down into the trench alongside
   young Bill and just about hit the earth with
   Tabor’s ' Now I ’

him wlth ^	Drove

   the handle into the pit of his stomach good and
  hard and jumped for the car. and in. and I
  slipped home the clutch, and. by darn I the
  twenty seconds that auto took to pick up her
  stride taught me more about eternity than a
  churchful of bishops could explain in twenty
  years. It sure did.”

   He paused as if to reflect again upon those
age-long moments while the car crawled into
% her speed, thcn went on again.

   " Shouts—hell’s own shouting—aud shots.

 I took a squint round as she began to rip
 Young Bill sitting bolt upright, dead pale, daTB

 Jim, his chin just above the hitchcd-up rug-

 he two warders on the embankment down O3
 one knee letting fly. and the one with tW
 stomach-ache stooping for hi* gun
 Ta^ They're shooting to hit the tyres,’ say5]

    ’’ ’ They’re darn near hitting me. ’ I says, an*1
  one comes pee-whit between our darn heads afld
  slick through the windscreen in front of u*
  By darn ! we lit out after that bullet till 1
  reckon we came mighty near catching it. Trust;
  me for that. I sure shook up that car. VW
  were round a bend and greasing up the in
  and f think I’d never have stopped from ‘
  to now if Tabor hadn't hollered to me a
  getting tho disguise covers down over
  paint-work. So I stopped her and he m
  down and pulled the canvases over her.

    " He'd practised that till ho could do it >p
 wixteen seconds, and I reckon he did it neartf
 six. Never stopped even for a word vriWj
 young Bill. I took a look at young Bill whil*
 we waited. Just got his chin above the ro* 1
 just like I’d first seen him. I reckon he W**1
 frozen stiff with the strain and the re.ictio* ’
 Dead pale still Eyes half shut, Uttle bio*
 bruise middle of his forehead where I reckon*®!
 he’d hit his head jumping in. I gave him *
 gnn aud Tabor sings out to him. * Get tho*.
 clothes on, BUI, Over your things On
 seat beside you,' and drops in next me and *
 ripped her oft again.

   ” We’d got the route figured oat pi
 Another four miles and we swung left to doob«
 back and let out all we knew. At tho Wf®
 Tabor put his hand on my arm • I’ll go
 hind now to Bill.’ he said. ’ We re sale,

 God ! we've done it.’ "

    And my narrator struck a match and put ** -
 to his pipe. •• We were. " he said. " By darfl *
 we had."

 I got out my own pipe. •’ Yes, by Jo*;
 that's a story." I said. « A swift busine**. »
 word, it was. I say, there's one thing, thouS“-
 here exactly did the bit of luck come i»’

 *ou started out to show bow a bit of I"0*
 always just turns the scale inthese things, of*
 Side--

 ■ Or the other. Sure. The bit of t0<*
 comes into the story right here It came io*
 the prison-snatching lay nght at the
 moment we got young Bill aboard and pu»«°
 away."

- Ah I How ? ’*	,

 He inhaled a long breath from his pipe

*W*Z	full of his lung*	„

   When Tabor went round at the turn
join young Bill behind, he found him wh»th«a
been from the start—stone dead."

 I gave an exclamation.

 " Yep, That little blue bruise on hi*
head was where the bullet lit out, . . . You*'
got to count on luck. You sure have."
R

MAN

TWE siren gave a noisy blast, with an
impatient note, as if to say—" Now
all you people, get on with your
yod-bycs and leave-taking, because tbe
£*P »» about to be ofi. whether you have
^*htd or not! ** Then there was a
retrying down the gangway, a pulsing

H^rying down tbe gangway, a pulsing
under the decks, and the big
very slowly, moved away from the
Along the wharf itself stood a
2*d of p«upfo waving ineflectual hand-
Sl'nn* a •omewhat bizarre eflcct
l \«e tremendo us business cf leaving one
jj. fcr another. A cathedral organ
the Old Hundredth would hove
2*® more in keeping with the feelings of
ny passengers, but certainly not with
*JP-to-date steamship company, bent
8y

« another load back.

w?y upon scunving across the ocean
>n» ODe *oa<l of human !>eings and bring-
j. U®°ther load back,
tfjrv ^ F°y thought some of these things

              **** * I'-UV* VM

{^TV^Peeders was waving an ineffectual
Hi,	»* her: he* father, who had

Oft	*° Southampton to see her salrly

         and put her in the carc of the

^et>elf. and looked on with a thoughtful,
air. relieved that no unit in the

captain, as a sort of formality, having de-
parted immediately by h>. r wirh.

  On the other hand she would rather have
liked the Old Hundredth. At a parting
of the ways, as decided as hers, something
a little more impressive than a bellowing
siren and fluttering handkerchiefs would
have been welcome.

  Well, the strip between the ship and the
shore was growing wider, and she felt that,
liko the ship, she was under way for new
waters, not so turbulent perhaps as the
old ones, but sure to be plentifully sprinkled
with shoals and quicksands. At the mo-
ment. however, it was the old things that
claimed her attention, the things she wao
cutting herself adrift from: and with that
contrariness of the heart which defies
control, while the ship carried her out over
tbe ocean to marry one man she looked
back at the difls of England thinking of
another. Perhaps it had much to do wjth
the portion of England on view, for it was
near the Needles, in those far-off days,
that she and Dick Frewen-St. Austin had
met. and entered the magic portals of love,
only, alas! to end in a sudden and inex-
plicable parting. To Ailsa it always

Coprrfeht *»	St at* r oi An

 Author a/

 •* The i:dge o’

 •• Paddg the \ol Vest
 Thing’' etc.

55
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

seemed that there had been a brilliant,
blinding shaft of light upon one little
period of her life—and over all tho rest
just neutral tints of blue and grey blended.

   At first she had minded terribly. She
 could assign no reason for Dick's sudden
 change of front, and when a few months
 later he had married a girl he had known
 before ever he met Ailsa, it had been a
 great blow to her.

   Afterwards she buried her disappoint-
 ment deep in her own heart, told no one
 about it, and never went to the Isle of
 Wight again. But in spite of all her efforts,
 he seemed to command her senses, and no
 other man found favour. She took up
 work, and led a busy, active life, and the
 old sore died away, but still in the back-
 ground was a memory that would never
 die; and dearly as she loved that beautiful
 corner of the sunny isle, she returned no
 more. Twelve years passed, bringing
 many changes, and notably to her father
 an accession of wealth, with which he had
 to change his name from Thompson to
 Foy. So Ailsa Thompson became Ailsa
 Foy, and found herself at thirty-four still
 unattached, and with no necessity to work
 any more unless she chose. And then the
 wave of Colonial Emigration caught her,
 and, tired of many things in the old world,
 she decided to begin a fresh life in a new.

   She became engaged to Wilfred Stam-
ford, who was fanning in Natal, and who
was described by all his friends as a
'■ thundering good fellow." Finally Ailsa
said her " good-byes " in I-ondon, because
she preferred it, and stood on the deck of
the liner, slipping out to sea past the
Needles, taking a last farewell of a dream
that had been ” passing sweet ’’ while it
lasted. " 1 suppose I was lucky really,”
ran her thought, " for if Dick could be-
have like that, he must have made a most
unsatisfactory husband, and I should have
had a wearing, difficult time with him.
Tie was always eccentric, and though
cccentric men make charming companions,
they are generally very difficult to live

with-" But all the time that she

admonished herself thus, she knew that
early love had had a freshness of abandon-
ment tl»at was very beautiful, whereas
this later one was very calm and prosaic
and practical. To have a " thundering
good fellow " for a husband was per hap: a
happy ending, but she knew in her heart
there was a vague regret for that old care-
less rapture . that old, unmeasured, fresh-
ness of the d.iwn.

 Finally she turned away and paced the

 deck a little, before going down to be*
 cabin to unpack.	.

   When she entered the dining-saloon *
 little later, she found most of the table*
 were empty, and evidently numbers o*
 passengers preferred the privacy of t licit
 cabins. The steward took her to a seafc
 at the captain's table, near the end. at
 she sat down with empty seats all at
 her. Her nnme-card was propped agair
 her glass, and she noticed listlessly tliat <
 her right hand was the name-card of
 well-known soldier, and she felt glad
 ^be seated next to him.

   It was not until she was half-way throt
 her soup that she noticed the card on hcf 1
 left, for the end seat. And then sb“
 dropped her spoon with something of
 clatter, and stared at it moment
 transfixed, while she read—Richard
 Frewen-St. Austin.

   For a breathless moment it seemed a*
 if the world stood still, and everything
 it. Then she managed to get a grip aga‘
 and felt angry with herself for being mov
 at all. Of course it was Dick
 there was only one R. R. Frewen-St. Au
 and probably his wife would be taking t
 seat opposite to him—some travellers li’
 the seats arranged thus. , She tried to s«e
 the card, but it had fallen on its face, an“
 she felt shy of reaching across for it.
 with swift relief she remembered that
 all probability Dick would not recognise
 her. Twelve years are a long time, a®"1!
 different hair-dressings make a face un-
 familiar. Moreover the changed naB><-
 would put him off the sccnt altogether, an“
 no doubt she could easily hide her ident
 with a little care and forethought.

   But she hoped they would not come into
 dinner that evening,’ while she had no one
 to speak to on her right. And even whfl*
 she hoped it, a tall. lean, well-dressed jnat*'
 Frewen-St. Austin himself, entered tb®
 saloon with a leisurely air, and i.iquif®“
 for his seat. For a moment Ailsa
 relieved, for she believed that without tn* i
 name-card she would not have recognise®
 him. He, with a changed name to
 him. would easily be kept unciilightcii**"
 She felt sure the old tale of the " double
 would serve well enough if necessary. ,

   As he came down the saloon she note**
 the grey on his temples, the clean-sha^ c
 mouth, the leisurely stoop, which were a**
 new to her.	.

   ApparenUy life had not been all sunshijV
 for him. although he had snatched at
 thing he wanted, careless ol who was
 And yet, faintly, she discerned that he ^

56
Gertrude Page

 t-Ven more attractive now than of old,
 "[ith a certain humorous, philosophical
 ®lr. as if he had so trained himself to treat
 as a joke, that nothing could ruffle him
 Very seriously again.

 . gShe knew that he gave her a quick
 jcrutlny as he passed, and was aware that
 B revealed nothing to him. Then he sat
 ••own.

., VI seem to be rather late," he remarked.

 *‘n» not sure whether one is supposed to
 apologise or not on a ship; will you be very
 *'n«| and consider I have done the correct
 thing"

 ” I'm in doubt whether I ought to
 Apologise lor being here at all.” she an-
 gered him lightly—" apparently it is
 fashionable to be absent.”

 She observed a shade of puzzled hesita-
 J*°n cross his face. Evidently her voice
 iTV? struck a vague note of reminiscence.
 ^ en she saw him glance surreptitiously at
 'r** name-card, and seem to rest satisfied.

 •	But a decided relief—what ? 1 know
 **bail have an unmitigated boro opposite
 me. wlw will want to talk politics, and
 S** Trade, and probably a girl next to
 who will talk jazz and two-steps. I
 ns>sted upon the end seat anyhow, so that
 “?d no left-hand neighbour "

 I e nc,cd at once lhat his wi,c coul<1 not
 ^ travelling with him. the while she re-

KP*d pleasantly, " Perhaps you would

to neutralise things by having a silent

 ^JKhbour on your right ? "

to **o . . . " he said thoughtfully. " No.

°nten occasionally have tact. Your

which, by the way. reminds me

KppUsly of someone else's—has the sound

^ a tactful personality. Perhaps we

LiJSSr4 entfT upon a mutual compact to

J?1** being bored by our table companions.

      dr. you think ? "

, Except that, as it happens, I am to

 iff?* General M- on my right, and I

JJ/^pate a restrained, but interesting.

 P^k-partflcr.”

 tv c shrugged his shoulders slightly, and
 I :®"wjded: *' °dd about y°ur voice! If
 any unusually idiotic-sounding
 to you. you must please forgive me.
 jftT*grapp}c with the fact that 1 am
 you to be some one else.’*
 h*lr s ** permitted to ask who else ? "
 '• S?11* herself casually to a piece of bread.

 .. one nice. I hope ? "

 *r»nkJ,rnt onc v<ry exceptionally nice."
 64, 'y- “ If it interests you to know, her
 “ Adsa Thompson—at least it was.”
 Sjj, new a girl name*! Ailsa Thompson.
 tav*d near Tunbridge Wells.” Ailsa

had never guessed before that she could
act so well. Her voice betrayed no tremor.

  ” Really ! Then it must be the same.
The Ailsa Thompson I knew lived near
Tunbridge Wells.” There was a pause.
Frewen-St. Austin seemed lost in thought,
and Ailsa felt a little overcome by the tact
that he should remember her with this
evident interest. It set her pulses tingling,
and for the moment she almost forgot that
she was angry with him. She stole a
glance at his face, on pretencc of looking
down the saloon, and observed that, besides
the greyness on the temples, there were
fine lines of care about his eyes and mouth.
Undoubtedly life had gone none too
smoothly for him. and yet on the surface
was the same imperturbable air. with its
lurking humour, though with a new hint
of strong traits controlled.

  Twelve years ago he had been an
Esthetic, realistic youth, with a pronounced
artistic vein.

  Now he appeared a calm man of strong
character, whose :cstheticism had taken a
different turn.

   She wondered a little how the change was
most noticeable in herself ? For she too
had been full of headstrong enthusiasms
in those days, and had grown out of them
into a more knowledgeable calm.

  He appeared to be eating his dinner
methodically with his thoughts iar away,
and she left him undisturbed, until be anked
suddenly—” Is she married ? ”

   ” Is who married ? " with a little laugh.
   " Ailsa Thompson.”

  ” I think not—only engaged."

   " Engaged ? . . . who to ? ”

   “ A man in South Africa."

  “ Oh well,” carelessly—" he's a nice
long way off.”

   She felt herself change colour, and turned
away, raising her glass to hide her mo-
mentary confusion. Bnt as soon as she
could command her voice, she said lightly—
" What difference does that moke ? "

  " I don't know that it makes any.”
going on stolidly with his dinner.

   " Are you going to South Africa ? " she
inquired presently. ” or to Madeira ? "

   ” Why on earth should I go to Madeira ?
Do I look an invalid ? "

   She was obliged to admit he looked far
from it.

   “ Ii it interests you I'm going to have
the most glorious draught of freedom a
man ever had in his life. I'm going to
wallow in sunshine and don't-care-ness.
No letters, no bills, no tiresome com-
panions, no neighbours, no appointment*.

57
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

no telephone, no plans, no damn ties of any
sort or kind beyond the immediate obli-
gations of the law.”

  She coaid not help smiling. Twelve
years slipped away—it was the Dick of old.
Then, carelessly, she remarked—" You
don’t appear to be a married man ! such
joys are not for Benedicts."

   " Nor for bachelors. They are for re-
leased prisoners."

   “ Prisoners . . . ? ” with curiosity.

  “Yes. Prepare to be shocked. My wife
died three months ago.”

   She caught her breath with a gulp. For
a moment the saloon swam. He seemed
to notice her sudden discomfort, for he said
with kindly humour—“ An extra big wave.
I’m afraid ? . . She forced herself to
laugh.

     I think I'll choose the side of discretion
and retire,”—rising a litUe unsteadily.

   " But it was valour to come,” he tOlS
her, “ and will carry the usual reward,
—you'll get better much quicker for having
had your dinner."

   Thcn she left him, and passed down the
saloon to her cabin, glad she had so good
an excuse to go.

   Under the best of circumstances a cabin
on an ocean liner is a confined space. To
Ailsa, that night, her cabin felt like a
tiny pigeon-hole, with no exit—almost a
trap. Most certainly, had she known be-
forehand, she would not have chosen to
voyage to South Africa with Dick Frewcn-
St. Austin, and now there was no possible
means of escape. She must even for
seventeen days sit next to him at meals.
But she rallied herself firmly. What
difference could it make ? She took Wil-
fred Stamford's photograph into her hand
and gazed into his fine, honest face. The
action steadied her. It was quite all right.
Frewen-St. Austin would make an enter-
taining meais-partner, and perhaps, in the
end, he would even give her away at her
wedding, as her oldest friend. She went
to sleep comforted.

   It was a whole week before he found out.
Ailsa played her part well, avoiding him
inconspicuously, and chatting to hcr
right-hand neighbour as much as possible.
But she felt that Dick was puzzled. She
foresaw that very soon she would have to
resort to the subterfuge of the “ double.”
It would have been easier if he had been
more changed. But now she saw him
frequently he seemed to have slipped a
load of years off his shoulders, and to be
the same unaccountable, eccentric boy of

old. And the old attraction was there io
force. On the ship he was greatly run
after. It would have been easy enot
to avoid him, if he had not persistent _
sought her company. And then at last ;
he cornered her. In his usual out-spoken |
way he remarked: " Now don't get up ;
and go away just because I have come to j
talk to you. Any one would think you ,
had a guilty conscience, the way
avoid me.” To her dismay she blust
scarlet, and felt suddenly" covered with |
confusion.

  " By Jove . . . I ” he remarked slowly.

" you have got a guilty conscience," and
stared hard into her face.

  She tried to laugh it off, but he paid no \
attention.

  “It is time for your heat in the deck
quoits,” she*aid. " They will be waiting
for you."

  "Let them wait. I'm going to get to
the bottom of this.” And after another !
close scrutiny—" Ah ! I see now, you are
not Miss Foy at all—you are Ailsa Tliomp" j

son.”

  She opened her lips to prevaricate, but W
cut hcr short. " Don't trouble to deny it-
I'm amazed I’ve been blind so long." Hj
got up. " God ! this is a funny business,” j
he said, ” I’d better go and play that
game of quoits to steady myself," and be
went away and left her.

   Ailsa sat quite still staring at the sea
a long time. She saw now where she had
made a mistake. By attempting to hide
her identity, she had tacitly admitted tha* ,
he mattered in her life. It gave a wrong
impression. She ought to have been quit*
open and callous, and not risked such ®
situation as this. She did not see hi® j
again until dinner-time, and then he con*
tented himself with teasing her.

  " I suppose J-ou were going to argue *

*	double.- " he finished. " But why tbi*
mystery ? . . . Was it a game ? . . . ’
She told him ** yes ”—she thought tb*
voyage would be boring,, and this UttW
harmless subterfuge would amuse her-
" Of course it has," she finished in 3
sprightly fashion. The last diner left tb*
table as she said it, and they were aloB*-
He looked full and deep into hcr eve*;

" Rot! , . . ” he said, " you were afraid.

  " Nonsense I" she answered sharply. b«*
the tell-tale colour mounted again, and a5
she beat a hasty retreat she knew that to*
was smiling to himself.	Jg j

  After that he became neutral. Treat**
her as an old friend. Chatted and laugh®"
frankly of the old days, and was altogetW*

5*

t t
Gertrude Page

a Rightful companion. Then one day,
siting together on deck, he spoke of bis
“^Triage.

.. It was an awful failure." he said,
"’e almost hated each other within a few

months."

. Then why did you marry . . . ? ”
    from her. almost against her will.

. «e looked at her with a curious expres-
sion.

  ,[ It was your doing.”

  <t Mine . . . f How could it be! ”
y Vour ouUook on life was so idealistic.
*0u overdid it. You inspired me beyond

reason."

    What did I ever say to inspire you to
marry without love ? " she asked with
scorn.

, A good many things about duty. I
my wife before I knew you, and
had been a girl-and-boy engagement
®etwecn us. I thought it was just that,
.®d no more. She thought differentfy.
^ ter I saw you that last time, she wrote
Passionate sort of love letter, claiming
promise. We met, and I told her 1
JJ^fd some one else ..." Ailsa moved
"jstlessly. She had turned very pale.

     felt he was watching her intentfy.
.. “c &aid it made no difference. That
could not live without me, and if I
‘•'fed her she would finish herself. I was
y°uug and a fool. I listened. The things
had said about ideals and loyalty and
jr| that haunted me. Finally 1 married
*r ” He was silent for some mo-
?*ots. and Ailsa could not trust herself
••	Then suddenly he laughed.

! was an aw*u* failure! . . .
ijj* didn’t really love me at all. She
on1 Wanted to be married because some-
had let her down hadly. It was
*lcr r*v«>ge-” He laughed again,
at tl»e sky-line. “ It's really im-
you know—I can’t help laughing,
take a man's life and squeeze it dry
perhaps a woman's as well—
nityp a Puny revenge for outraged

|Aili^ dosed her eyes and fought to
a	her composure, To her it seemed

tjJ’JHS^dy. Her best years robbed of their
tyjr'JGy- His fine possibilities warped and
f^pled on. And for such a motive I
now! . . .

»ljc 5lowe\-er, the lane had a turning . . . ”
of i„£!lrd lutn saying jauntily. " She died
CrbS'r'1 three months ago—God rest

c^lmi 0a ?*ust W*>t it all out.” she told him
V- " Don't let it make you bitter.

Take tip your writing again. Go on as if
it had not happened.”

  ” Yes,” with quiet significance. " that
is what I mean to do. Blot it ail out. as
if it had not happened."

  She played with her work-bag nervously,
and suddenly, in quite a changed voice, he
said. " So you are going to marry- a man
farming in Natal ? Stamford, 1 think you
called him ? ”

  " Yes, Wilfred Stamford. He's such a
fine fellow," warmly. I should like you
to meet him. Every one loves him.”

  "Is that why you are going to marry
him ? "

  She bit her Up. ’* I don't know what
you mean.”

  " Oh yes you do t . . . Ailsa. I mean
are you going to marry him becausc you're
just a bit of the ' everyone ' who loves him
because he’s such a fine fellow ? "

  " It’s a matter I don’t care to discuss
with you,” she said coldly, and moved
away. He watched her quite placidly,
but she felt that behind the calm exterior
he was smiling again.

  The climax did not come until they were
two days from Cape Town. All the time
she fought his influence steadily; and all
the time he assumed a nonchalant air.
teasing her one moment, enlarging upon
his glorious bout of freedom the .next.
She did not know what was in his thoughts.
She shrank from analysing her own. She
remembered only that Wilfred was such
a good fellow—they all loved him, and
he would be waiting at Durban, to marry
her the day the ship arrived.

  One moment she prayed it to go faster.
Another she could have prayed it to
stand still. Her eyes looked strained and
restless. It needed all her will to appear
normally calm and happy.

  And behind it all she felt that Frewen-
St. Austin read her like a book. He had
always done so. Love had given him
insight to know her through and through
of old. What if it did still!

  She avoided him more assiduously. He
pretended not to notice, and made himself
more attractive than ever at meals, when
she was obliged to meet him.

  And then, all in a moment, on that last
evening but one, camc the hour that she
could not escape from. A concert was in
progress, and because of the heat of the
saloon she slipped out to the cool, deserted
deck, hoping none had observed. But
almost immediately he followed her,,and
found her standing in a shadowy cdmer

59
Hutchinson's Story Magazine

forward, leaning on the ship's rad, gazing
into the star-lit dark.

  ” I was afraid it was too hot for you,”
he said, with a tenderness in his voice that
thrilled her ungovernably. He leaned be-
side her. and their arms touched. Some
unknown force prevented her moving away.
He was like a powerful magnet drawing—
drawing her.

   After a short pulsing silence he spoke.

  “ Ailsa, I let myself be guided by Don
Quixote motives once, and I lost badly.
[ don’t propose to do it again. ...”

  She clutched at the rail hard. Why, oh
why. could she not walk resolutely away,
and lock hereelf in her cabin.

  " You understand—don’t you ? ”

  ” You are going to have a glorious bout
of freedom,'’ she said, a little hoarsely.
“ and it will help you to forget.”

  " Not alone,’’ boldly—” 1 am going to
take you with me.”

  " On no—no-” thrusting out her hands

as if warding something off.

  “ Yes," doggedly. “ I will not let you
escape me. No one shall come between us
again.”

  ■' You forget—I am engaged.”

  " I don’t do anything of the kind. What
is an engagement without love . . . ?"
She buried her face in hcr hands. ” And
you can’t keep up the fiction of loving him
with me. As if I didn’t—know ! You’ve
be«?n in my heart every hour since we
parted twelve years ago. You belonged
there. You were my one love. How
could anv church ritual mako any difference
to that ) " He gave a low laugh. " It
may have made Maud and me man and
wife, but it did not make us lovers. God
does that, without the help of the church.
And now you cannot commit the crime
that I committed—if it was a crime
Anyhow I've paid dearly enough, with my

life a hell for nearly twelve years. FI
not going to let you run the risk. 1 can*
help it if he is such a good man ! He isn*
your man, and you're not his woniH
You've got to listen to your heart. A0<»
your heart is clamouring for me . . . isn’t
it . . . ? ” In the shadowy dark he po*
his arm round her, and drew her to iuB*-
Far away sounded the strains of the cofl*
cert. A deserted deck stretched bebiw;
them.

  He kissed her. and the whole world wa*
blotted out—and all the starTy world*
above—and all the heaving waters rousts
They stood alone, in ether, while th*
universe passed on.

  No one noticed that when she we
ashore at Cape Town she took all
luggage with her. To the stewardess su
merely remarked that she bad received
wireless message changing her plans. I0
the evening the captain received a st
note. When the ship was under
again, and the two end seats at his ta
were empty, he remarked to his imme
neighbours:	»_

    You wouldn’t believe the number oj
girls who come out to South Africa engage*}
to one inan and end by getting off the i "
and marrying another 1” He smil*

” It's one of our great responsibilities 10
see a prospective bride steered safely intfl
the right pair of arms 1

  *’ But I’ve been done brown this tim*-
he finished. " 1 don’t remember «V*i
noticing that Miss Foy and Frewen-
A us tin were particularly friendly.” , „

  “ Nor any one else.” snapped the
on his right, who had ferreted out
possible bit of gossip and scandal she cot
throughout the voyage, and was obviousjy
lull of righteous indignation that for on**
two people had been too clever even for h**

/<

    Sec Next Month's Number of
HUTCHINSON'S STORY MAGAZINE
for • Splendid New "Dodo" Story by

  E. F. BENSON
WITNE55

flr\ fldver\tvjre

of the

Scarlet Pimpernel

by

BAROME35 ORCZY

  P*OSK v ho knew the widow Lesueur
  §«> 4«ctarcd that she was quite in-
  Vfe. WpaLIe of the villainous and spiteful
  Which landed poor Josephine Pal-
  w ,n the dock for theft. This may or
  !	be so. Citoyenne Lesueur had

    jjtaidi. leeing that she was well-to-
        in good odour with all the Com-
        and Sections that tyrannised over
        folk in a manner which recalled
        | ***}' worst days of the old regime, to
        j(Uj*v*ntagr of the latter Moreover.
        Lesueur was a hue man. with a

r

  H* 5* »ay with him with the women.

a gk»«y bi.vk moustache. and
eyes. since he was a true son
South ; rather inclined to be quarrel-
he had very decided views on
*'»Ui • had Achille. You should hear
JtjoWng the Carmagnole : " ^a ira ! 9a
He” Les aristas a la lanterne I "
*° lustily . it verily sent n thrill
yt>Uf *1*n'

*» for destroying everything that
rw **> the old order . title* of course.
^**1 al^atc °vrnership of every sort and
**** the live* of all those who did not
him Laud must t«-long to the
all that grew on the land, and
Uc«d under the earth, or brought

out of the sea. Everything must belong
to the people ; that was Achille s creed.
Houses and iiclds and cattlc and trees and
women ! Oh ! above all. women I Women
were the property of the nation.

  That was the grand new crced. which
had lately been propounded at AchiUc’s
club—the Cordeliers. And everybody
knows that what the Cordeliers discuss
to-day, becomes law by decree of the
National Assembly the day after to-morrow.

  Now, there were many who averred that
Achille Lesueur became a devotee of that
creed only alter Josephine Palmier—his
mother's maid-of-all-work—disdained his
amorous advances. Josephine was pretty
and had the dainty appearan ec which, in
these grand days of perfect Equality, pro-
claimed past sojourn in the house of a
whilom aristocrat.

  As a menial probably. Bah ! Achille.
whenever he tried to question Jo*£phine
about the past and received no satisfactory
answer, would spit and jeer, for be had a
wholesome contempt for all aristocrats, and
bourgeois, and capitalists, and people of
all sorts who had more money than he,
Achille Lesueur, the only son of his mother,
happened to have at tbe moment.

  Did I mention the fact that the widow
Lesueur was very well-to-do ? that she
owned an excellent little business for the

6l
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

sale of wines, both wholesale and retail ?
and that AchUle's creed that everything
should belong to the people did not go to
tho length of allowing, say, Hector and
Alcibiade to help themselves to a stray
bottle or so of best Roussillon which hap-
pened to be standing invitingly on his
mother’s counter ?

  How he explained this seeming discrep-
ancy in his profession of faith I do not
pretend to say. Perhaps he did not con-
sider it a discrepancy, and drew a firm line
between the ownership of the people and
the dishonesty of individuals.

  Be that as it may, Achille Lesueur had
made up his mind that he was in love with
Jos6phine Palmier and that ho would
honour her by asking her to become his wife.

  She refused : refused categorically and
firmly, gave as an excuse that she could
give him no love in return. No love, to
him. Achille, with the flashing eyes, the
long maternal purse, and the irresistible
ways ? It was unthinkable. The wench
was shy. ignorant, stupid, despite her airs
and graces of an out-at-elbows aristocrat.
Achille pci-severed in his suit, enlisted his
mother’s help, who indeed could not
imagine how any girl in her five senses
could throw away such a splendid chance.
Josephine Palmier had looked half-starved
when first she applied for the situation of
maid-of-all-work in the widow Lesueur's
house ; she had great purple rings under
her eyes, and hands almost transparently
thin ; her lips looked pinched with cold
and her hair was lank and lustreless.

  Now sho still looked pale and was not
over-plump, but the citi/eness Lesueur told
all her neighbours that the wench had a
voracious appetite, very difficult to satisfy,
and that in accordance with the national
decree 3he was being treated as a friend
of the house.

  And now this wanton ingratitude! Jose-
phine Palmier, a waif out of the gutter,
refusing the hand of Achille—his mother's
only son—in marriage !

  All ?a 1 was the baggage perchancc an
aristocrat in disguise > One never knew
these days ! Half-starved aristocrats were
glad enough to share the bread of honest
citizens, in any capacity : and it was a
well-known fact that the ci-devatU Com-
tesse d'Aurillac had been cook to citizen
Lou vet before she was sent as a traitor
and a spy to the guillotine.

ir

  Achille was persistent, and Josephine
obstinate. Citoyenne veuve Lesueur, whilst

watching the growth of her son’s
waxed exasperated.

  Then th« crisis came.

  Achilles passion reached its
and the widow Lesueur's anger no
knew bounds. The baggage must
Had any one ever seen such wanton w
ness ? First to encourage AchiUe’s ®
tions—oh yes ! the whilom aristo had
the first made eyes at the rich and
some son of the house; now. no doubt,
had some traitor waiting for her
where, or even perhaps one of those a
able English spies who literally in
Paris these days, intriguing and su
traitors, and seducing the daugh
honest patriots so as to point with
critical finger afterwards at the
immoral tendencies of this glorious R
tion.

   Oh, no I citoyenne Lesueur did not
matters.

  " Take your rags and chattels with
my wench, and go ! ”

  And Josephine, tearful, hu
anxious for the future of pauvre
who was quietly starving in a garret
her daughter earned a precarious li
for both as a household drudge, put t
her few tiny possessions—mere relic* .j
former happy times—and went out of
citoyenne Lesueur's inho5pitable
followed by the latter's curses and
Achille having been got safely out of t
way for the occasion.

This had occurred in the late aft
the 6th Flor£al, which corresponds^
the 25th day of April of more
calendars.

  On the morning of the 7th—which "3
Saturday—citoyenne Lesueur came °
stairs to the shop as usual, a Uttle aft** ^
took down the shutters and started
the place tidy for the day's work.
chancing to look on the drawer which
tained the takings of the week, she s* ^
once that it had been tampered with'-
lock forced, the woodwork scratched-
With hands trembling with anxictJV^i
worthy widow fumbled for her k«*y* ’»
them ; opened the drawer, and there ^
confronted with the fuU evidence
misfortune.	Iw

  Two hundred francs had been
from the tdl. oh ! the citoyenne w**
positive as to that, for she had tied^
money up separately with a piece of * ^
and set it in a special corner of the
As for the baggage, eh I was not her »
patent to every one ?	jo*

  To begin with, she had been

62
Baroness Orczy

   conduct the evening before, turned out
     house for immoral ways with which
     nc Lesueur had only put up all this
     out of pity, and because the girl was so
     and so friendless. Then there was the
     my of Achille. He had returned
     his club at ten o'clock that evening.

 ! *as positive as to the time because the
 of the Hotel do Ville was striking the
 at the very moment when he saw
 e Palmier outside his mother's
 She was wrapped in a dark cloak
 •carried a bundle under her arm. He—
 uld not understand what the
 *®ight be doing there, out in the streets
 ^®at hour, for he knew nothing of the
 7^*1 between her and his mother.

 £*** spoke to her, it seems, called her by
 kt?*. but she did not respond, and hurried
 w*he direction of the nver. Achille was
 1 Q>uch puzzled at this lucident. Imt the
 being so late he did not think of waking
 jnother and telling her of this strange
 itre ; nor did he think of going into
 »op to see if everything was in order.

 *hink *oult* y°u •' °!*e c*oes not

fcl

 of everything !
 _°Ut them the m.

there the matter stood, and the
L ry wu» gone. And citoyrnne veuve
ulled in the Chief Commissary of
H|®ectioii and gave her testimony: and
!,-**«* as a patriot and a citizen against
known to hcr as Palmier. That
an assumed name, the worthy
I )qJt* was now quite positive. That
inc w4* naught but an aristo in
looked more and more likely every

 tsji1** c*toyc«ne recalled many an incident;
 •jy 0 a name, what a terrible affair ! If
 not l,ecn P06****^ °* »“cb a
 heart, she would have
 the baggage out into the street long

<v now what further testimony did any
want, who is set at his post
Committee of Public Safety for the
o| the life and property of honest
taw?* and for the punishment of bour-
ty^r ]ai'^'aristos—traitors all—who are for
A, kn«u,ng against both f

Achille. he attested and deposed.

 rai»»-,< <,nv1	• ..I#\ 1.1(1 1. >| . -

<d

 rage»j. ami
 t*le Citizen

would have
Commissary had he

t,ie	cast doubt upon his

 suggested that the
 the Cordeliers was known lor its
 th.5 , ‘‘Nations and that at that hour
 PJ^^ght any ol its members might be
 ; not recognising even a pretty

10	ti* iuk And the rue

Enfers was always a very dark street, the
citizen Commissary concluded indulgently.

  Achille was beside himself with rage.
Imagine his word being doubted ! What
was this glorious Revolution coming to, he
desired to know ? In the end he vowed
that Josephine Palmier was both a thief
and an aristocrat, but that he—Achille
Lesueur—the most soulful and selfless
patriot the Republic had ever known, was
ready to exercise the rights conferred upon
him by the recent decree of the National
Convention, and take the wench for wife:
whereupon she would automatically become
his property, and as the property of the
aforesaid soulful and selfless patriot, be no
longer amenable to the guillotine.

  Achille had inherited that commiserating
heart from his mother apparently ; and the
Chief Commissary of the Section—himself a
humane and a just man. if somewhat weak
—greatly approved of this solution to his
difficulties. Between ourselves he did not
believe very firmly in Josephine's guilt, but
would not have dared to dismiss her with-
out sending her before the Tribunal, lest
this indulgence on his part be construed
into trafficking with aristos.

Ill

  All then would have been well, but that
Josephine Palmier, from tbe depths of the
prison where she had been incarcerated for
three days, absolutely refused to be a party
to this accommodating arrangement.

  She refused to be white-washed by the
amorous hands of Achille Lesueur, declared
that she was innocent and the victim ol an
abominable conspiracy, hatched by mother
and son in order to inveigle her into a hated
marriage.

  Thus the matter became very serious.
From a mere question of theft the charge
had grown into one of false accusation of
conspiracy against two well-known and
highly-respected citizens. The citizen
Chief Commissary scratched his head in
uttermost perplexity. The trouble was
that he did not believe that the accusation
was a false one. In hi* own mind he was
quite certain that the widow and her
precious son had adopted this abominable
means of bringing the recalcitrant girl to
the arms of a hated lover.

  But name of a narde ! what is a Com-
missary to do ? Being a wise man, citizen
Commissary Bourgoin referred the whole
matter to a higher authority: in other
words, he sent the prisoner to be tried by
the Revolutionary Tribunal, the TribunaJ

63
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

Extraordinaire, where five judges and a
standing jury would pronounce whether
Josephine Palmier was a traitor, an aristo
as well as a thief, and one who has trafficked
with English spies for the destruction of the
Republic.

  And here the unfortunate girl is presently
arraigned, charged with a multiplicity of
crimes, any one of which will inevitably
lead her to the guillotine.

  Citizen Fouquier-Tinville, the Attorney-
General. has the case in hand. Citizen
Dumas, the Judge-President. fixes the
accused with his pale, tlireatening eye
The narrow court is crowded to the ceiling ;
somehow the affair has excited public
interest, and Achille Lesueur and his
widowed mother, being well-to-do sellers
of good wine, have many friends.

  Attorney-General Fouquier-Tinville has
read the indictment. The accused stands
in the dock facing the five judges, with a
set, determined look 011 her face. She
wears a plain grey frock, with long, narrow
sleeves down to her pale white hands, which
accentuate the slimness of her appearance.
The white kerchief round her shoulders and
the cap which conceals her fair hair are <
spotlessly clean. Maman has carefully
washed and ironed them herself and brought
them to Josephine, in the prison, so that
the child should look neat before her
judges.

  " Accused, what answer do you give to
the indictment ? " the Judge-President
questions sternly.

   '■ I am innocent,” the girl replies firmly.

" I was not in the rue des Enfers at the
hour when yonder false witness declares
that he spoke with me.”

  Achille, who sits on a bench immediately
below the jury, devours the girl with his
eyes. Every now and again he sighs and
his red, spatulated hands are clasped con-
vulsively together. At Josephine's last
words, spoken in a tone of unutterable con-
tempt, a crimson flush spreads over his face
and his teeth—white and sharp as those of
some wild, feline creature—bury themselves
in his Heshy. lower lip. His mother, who
sits beside him, demure and consequential
in sober black, with open-work mittens on
her thin, wrinkled hands, gives Achille a
warning look and a scarce-perceptible
nudge. It were not wise to betray before
these judges feelings of which they might
disapprove.

  " I am innocent I " the girl insets. " 1
do not know why the citixeoesa Lesueur
should try to fasten such an abominable
crime on me."

  Here the Attorney-General takes
sharply.

  “ The citizeness Lesueur cann
accused of trying to make you out a
since her only son is prepared to ma'
his wife."

  ” I would rather die accused of the
crimes known upon this earth.” she r,
firmly, ” than wed a miserable li.ir
former."

  Achille utters a cry of rage not
that of a wild beast. Again his
has to restrain him. But the pu‘
sympathy with him. Imagine that
aristo scorning the love of so fine a

  The Attorney-General is waxing
patient.

  “ If you arc innocent." he says
" prove' it. The revolutionary
mittee of your section has declared
be a Suspect and ordered your arr‘
as such. Tbe onus to prove your in
now rests with you."

  " At ten o'clock on the night of t*4
Flor^al I was with my mother." t
insists calmly, “ in the rue Christine
opposite end of the city to where the
des Enfere is situated."

  " Prove it," reiterates the At
General imperturbably.

  " My mother can testify-■** t

retorts.

  But citizen Fouquier-Tinville
shoulders.

  “ A mother is not a witness.'
curtly. ” Mothers have been
condone their children's crimes.
does not admit the testimony of a
a father, a husband, or a wife. Was
else at the rue Christine that night
who saw you, and can swear that yo«
not possibly have been at the
Enfers at the hour to which the
witness hath attested ? "

  But this time the girl is dumb;:
sensitive lips are drawu closely tc _
if they would guard a secret which
remain inviolate.

  " Well 1 ” the Attorney-General
with a sneei. " you do not reply,
the witness who can testily that yo°
the rue Christine, at the other end
at the hour when the principal ~
swesys that he saw you in tbe
Enfers ? "

  Again the accuse. 1 gives no repY-
now it u the turn of the ftv* jiK-W
com* insistent first, then imp*1
finally very angry. Every one o*
in turn put the same propositi**0
accused :

64
’*;* bj:iJ»n he imprints » smacking fcis& upi.n r.tr cMck. Josephine i'almter's
alrnont inert upon her shoulder*, white And death-like uvc for the crimson glow
of her face, there where her conquering captor ha# set hi* seal of powers too.

                           65
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

  " You say that the principal witness
could not have seen you in the rue des
Enters at ten o’clock of the 6th Florial.
because at that hour you were in the rue
Christine. Well I prove it.”

  And every one of them hath received the
same mute answer : an obstinate silence,
the sight of a face pale and drawn, and a
glance from large, purple-riramed eyes that
have a haunting, terrified look in them now.

  In the end the Judge-President sums up
the case and orders the jury to ” get them-
selves convinced." And this they must do
by deliberating and voting audibly in full
hearing of the Public, for such is the Law
to-day.

  For awhile thereupon nothing is heard in
the court save that audible murmur from
the stand where the jury are “getting
themselves convinced ” The murmur it-
self is confused ; only from time to time a
word, a broken phrase penetrates to the ear
of the public or to that of the unfortunate
girl who is awaiting her doom. Such
words as ” obvious guilt." or “ no doubt a
traitor." " naught but an aristo,” ” the
guillotine." occur most frequently : especi-
ally " the guillotine ! ” It is such a simple
solver of problems, such an easy way to set
all doubts at rest.

  The accused stands in the dock facing
the judges ; she does not glance once in the
direction of the jury. She seems like a
statue fashioned of alabaster, a ghostlike
harmony in grey and white, her kerchief
scarce whiter than her checks,

  Then suddenly there is a sensation.
Through tho hum of the jury " debating
audibly,” a raucous voice is raised from
out the body of the public, immediately
behind the dock.

  " Name of a dog ! Why. Cyrano lodges
at No. 12 rue Christine. He was there on
the evening of the 6th. Eh, Cyrano ? En
avant. raon ancient! ”

  " Cyrano, cn avant 1 ” The chorus ir.
taken up by several men in ragged shuts and
blouses, to the accompaniment of ribald
laughter and one or two coarse jokes.

  The jury cease their ” audible ” delibera-
tion. Remember that this Tribunal Ex-
traordinaire is subject to no Law-forms.
Judges and jury arc here to administer
justice as they understand it, not as tradi-
tion—the hatred traditions of the old
regime—bad it in the past. They are here
principally in order to see that the Republic
suffers no detriment through the actions
of her citizens, and there is no one to
interfere with them as to how they accom-
plish this laudable end.

il#

  This time, all of them being purzled
the strangeness of tho atlair—the sin
dearth of witnesses in such a comph
case—they listen to the voice of the pu
vox populi suits their purpose for
nonce.

   So	at an order from the' Judge-Presi
someone is hauled out of the crowd, pi
forward into the witness-box. hustled
bundled like a bale of goods: a gr
hulking fellow with muscular arms,
lank fair hair covcred with grime He
cobbler by trade, apparently, for he
a leather apron and generally exhales
odour of tanned leather. He has a h'1®.
nose, tip-tilted and of a rosy-purple h'**'
a perpetual tiny drop of moisture hangjj1
his left nostril, whilst another gUst***
unceasingly in his right eye.

  His appearance in the .vitness-
grected by a round of applause from
friends:	J

  ” Cyrano ! ” they shout gaily, and cw
their hands. “ Vivat Cyrano !!‘ .fl
He draws his hand slowly across his ^
and smiles—a shy. self-deprecating
which sits quaintly on one so power*®
built.	, '

  ” They call me Cyrano, the comiwH
he says in a gentle, indulgent voice.
ing the Judge-President. ” because of *£■
nose. It seems there was once a

citizen of France called Cyrano who
very large nose and ...”

Never mind about that,” the J“'j®^

President breaks in impatiently,
what you know.”	^

  " I don't know much, citizen," the ^
replies with a doleful sigh ; " the cornf*"^
they will have their little game,' ^
"What is your name ? and where ofi -
lodge ? "

  " My name is Georges Gradin and *
at No. 12 rue Christine."

  He fumbles with one hand *"*“7^
shirt, for he wears no coat, and out
mysterious receptacle he presently V&T
his certificatory “ Carte de Civisrae_.pl
identity card, what ?—which the
of the Revolutionary Guard, who s
beside the witness-box. snatchcs
him and hands up to the Judge*
dent.

  Apparently the document is all «o
for the judge returns it to the witn®*®’
demands curtly:	> - •

  ” You know the widow Palmier -
” Yes. citizen Judge." replies the
“ she lives on the top floor and m?’ j
down below. On the night of the 6* ^
in the lodge of the citizen concierge

66
£clock when some on« rang tha (ront-door
The conciergo pulled the com-
®unicating cord, and a man came in and
talked very quickly past the lodge on his
l<> the back staircase; but not before

*	had seen his face and recognised him as
“c who has frequently visited the widow

balmier."

     Who was it ? " queries the Judge-
*resident.

„ I don't know his name, citizen Judge."
radin replies slowly. " but I know him for
cursed aristocrat, one who, if 1 and the
^Pjntades had our way, would have been
Sorter by a head long ago. '

     still speaks in that same shy, sclf-
gjjprecating way, and there is no responsive
Kj*ter in his blue eyes as he voices this cold-
JT^ed. ferocious sentiment. The judges
z*- Up straight in their chairs as if moved by

*	Gftm-____I__ *tn.____t. . j _ .

Baroness Orczy

sPr*ng- They had not expected
ultra-revolutionary terrorist opinions
*** the meek-looking cobbler with the

     eyes and the huge, damp nose. But
J? Judge-lYesident figuratively smacks his
.***' as does also Attorney-General Fou-

g. ' “J aeai ; one of your ferocious lelinos.

speech, timid in manner and self-
but one who has sucked blood-
oj ty Marat's theories of vengeance and
i^5lurder in by every pore of his grimy
and hath remained more vengeful
fe.^han Danton. more relentless than

      >U?re.

     the principal witness in this mys-
a -us	^ ansto ?" the Judge-

Judge-

*iw‘?Cnt pwts in thoughtfully. " Where

   he live > ••	6	'

0,J^t i

do not know, citizen Judge."
rc^llc* *° his ineek. simple way.

    X can find him," he adds, and
«J^nly wipes his nose on his shirt-

**Ti?W ? " queries the judge.

      is my affair, citizen." says Gradin
1^J»nrbablv. " mine and the comrades ! "
s turns to the body of the court,

*	e tn * cornPact mass of humanity

grimy faces arc seen, craned
*n order to catch full sight of the
li^L'kc witness-box. " Eh. comradcs."
them. " we can find the aristo,

    *» a murmur of assent, and a
% ,~?n of the nhald joke of a while ago.

»P*tl--IV—kleut raps upon hi» desk
of his hand, demands silence

            When order is restored, he
     J Ce tuore to the witness.

   " Your affair 1 " he says curtly—" your
affair! That is not enough. The Law
cannot accept the word of all and sundry
who may wish to help in its administration,
however well-intentioned they may be ;
and it is the work of the Committee of
Public Safety to find such traitors and
aristos as are a danger to the State. You
and your comradcs are not competent to
deal with so serious a matter."

  ” Not competent, citizen Judge ? "
Georges Gradin queries meekly. " Then I
pray you look at the accused and see if we
arc not competent to find the aristo whom
she is trying to shield."

   He gave a short, dry laugh and pointed a
long, stained finger at the unfortunate girl
in the dock. All eyes were immediately
turned to her. Indeed it required no deep
knowledge of psychology to interpret
accurately the look of horror and oi genuine
fear which literally distorted Josephine
Palmier's pale, emaciated face. And now
when she saw the eyes of the five judges
fixed sternly upon her, a hoarse cry escaped
her trembling Ups.

   " It is false ! " she cried, and clung to
the bar of the dock with both hands as if
she were about to fall. " The man is
lying I No one camc that evening to
maman's lodgings ; there was no one there
but marnan and I."

  " Give me and the comrades till to-
morrow, citizen Judge." Gradin interposed
meekly, " and we'll have the aristo here, to
prove who it is that is lying now ! "

   The Moniieur of the ioth Flo rial, year i.
which gives a detailed account of that
memorable sitting of the Tnbtmal Extra-
ordinaire, tells us that after this episode
there was a good deal of confusion in
the Court. The jury, once more ordered
by the judges to deliberate and to vote
audibly, decided that the principal witness
on behalf of the accused must appear before
the couit on the morrow at throe o'clock of
the afternoon, failing which Josephine
Palmier would be convicted of perjury and
conspiracy directed against the persons of
citizeness veuve Lesueur and her son
Achille, a crime which entailed the dcath-
sentence.

  Gradin stepped down from the witness-
box a hero before the public, lie was soon
surrounded by his friends and led away in
triumph.

   As for Achille and his mother, they had
listened to Georges Gradin's evidence with
derision rather than with wrath : no doubt
they felt that whichever way the affair
turned now. they would have ample revenge

67
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

for all the disdain which they had suffered
at the hands of the unfortunate Josephine.

  The Moniteur concludes its account of
the episode by the bald statement that the
accused was taken back to the cells in a
state of unconsciousness.

IV

  The public was on tenterhooks about the
whole affair. The latter had the inestim-
able charm which pertains to the unusual.
Here was something new ! something differ-
ent from theuuual tableau of the bourgeois or
tho aristocrat arraigned for spying, or mal-
practices against the safety of the Republic;
from the usual proud speech from the
accused defying the j udges who condemned ;
from the usual brief indictmeut and swift
sentence, followed by the daily spectacle
of the tumbril dragging a few more victims
to the guillotine.

  Here there was mystery: a secret
jealously guarded by the accused, who
apparently preferred to risk her neck rather
than drag some unknown individual—an
aristo evidently and her lover—before the
tribunal, even in the mere capacity of
witness.

  The court was crowdcd on this second
day of Josephine's trial with working-men
anil shopmen, with women and some
children. A sight, what ? this girl, half
aristocrat, half maid-of-all-work ! And the
handsome Achille ! how would he take the
whole affair ? He had been madly in love
with the accused, so they say.

  Aud would Cyrano producc the prin-
cipal witness he had promised he would do ?
A fine fellow that Cyrano, and hater of
aristos ! Name of a name, how he hated
them I

  The court was crowded. The Judges
waiting. The accused, more composed
than yesterday, stands in the dock, grasping
the rail with her thin, white hands, her
whole slender body slightly bent forward,
as if in an attitude of tense- expectancy.

  Anon Georges Gradin appears upon the
scene, is greeted with loud guffaws and calLs
of " Vivat Cyrano ! " He is pushed along,
jostled, bundled forward, till he finds him-
self once more in the witness-box confront-
ing the Judge-President. who deinamli
sternly: »

  " The witness you promised to find—the
aristocrat—where is he ? "

  “ Gone, citizen Judgo 1 " Gradin exclaims
and throws up his arms with a gesture
of desperation " Gone ! the canaille ! the
scoundrel ! the traitor ! "

  " Goi’.e ? Name of a dog, what do yo®
mean ? ”

  It is Fouquier-Tinvillc who actu
voices the question ; but the Judge-F
dent has echoed it by bringing his hca'
fi't down with a crash upon his desk ; t,
other judges, too, have asked the questio®!
by gesture, exclamation, every token
wrath. And the same query has
re-echoed by an hundred throats, render**!
dry and raucous with excitement.

 " Gone ? Where ? How ? What
you mean ? "

  And Gradin, rneck. ferocious, with gr*®J
hairy hands cltiw ing the rail of the witne^’j
box, explains:

  ” We scoured Paris all last night, **9
comrades and I.” he begins in short, haltiggj
sentences. " we knew one or two places
aristo was wont to haunt—the Caf^ <ie
Montagne — the Club Republicain —
Bibliotheque de la Nation—that is how **
meant to find him. We went in baivls-'
two and three of us at a time—we did
know where he lodged—but wc knew ^
should find him at one of those
then we would tell him that his sweeth^
was in peril —wc knew we could get
here. But he has gone — gone, *2*
scoundrel ! the canaille! They told o*
the Club Rdpublicain he had been
five days—got a forged passport
the agency of those abominable E
spies—the Scarlet Pimpernel, what . .
was all arranged the niiiht of the 6th
he went to the rue Christine, and the accuf»f
and her mother were to haw joined hi
next day. But the accusation was laun^i
by that time and the Palmiers, mothe*
daughter, were detained in the city.#f
he has gone ! the thief, the coward ! yt
He turned to the crowd, amongst “ ^
his friends were still consjnc.uous, stre*‘ ^
out his long, hairy arm and shook b,s '
at an imaginary foe.

  “ But me and the comrades will be .^i
with him yet! Aye, even ! “ he reite^jS
with that sleek aud fmxious accent **
h*d gained him the conbdcnce of ttotT' rfp
“ And in a manner that will p',n^1
worse than even the guillotine couI“ (
done. Eh. comrades ? ”

  The J udge-President >hr ug. hi» »‘v'’ -fit
The whole thing has been a	c(#r

accused might just as well have
demnvd the day before and rm»ch J
would have been saved.	Ti'*''

  Attorney - General Fauquier * , il>*
alone rejoices His indictiwo1
accused would now stand in lta
simplicity : " Josephine Palmier

 ^•n co*
 t hrogj

68
 ^conspiring against the property' and good
 “aine of citizeness Lesueur and her son f "
 A crime against the safety of the Republic.

     death lenttnoe to follow as a natural
 *fquence. Fouquier-Tinville cares nothing
 •bout a witness who cannot lie found. He
 j* not mrc that he ever believed in the
 Jeter's existence, and hardly listens to
 Sf*WgC3 Gradin still muttering with sleek

 •wocity :

     I'll be even with the aristo.”

 ; rhe Judge-President, weary, impatient,
 murmurs mechanically: “ How ? "

 • Georges Gradin thoughtfully wipes his
 j ^c‘. looks across at the accused with a
 on liis face, and a sickly smile upon his

 ; I’ll marry the accused myself." he says
 {wPO* a shy, ’self-deprecating’ shrug of his
 B°*d shoulders. * 1 must be even with
 ^aristo."

 -^'■'ery one looks at the accused. She
 reudy to swoon. Achillc Lesueur
 poshed his way forward from out the
 •rowd at the back.

 * tie shouts, in a voice half-
 j~*ng|,.,j with rage ** She has refused to

 . *he Law takes no count of a woman's
 *h l°1' Gradin rejoins simply. " She is
 Property of the State. Is that not so,

 ^le *s fond of appealing to his friends :
 so at every turn of events, and they
 n«l by him with moral support, wliich
 ill ®,s )u making a great deal of noise and
 ijljj^noulingj *• Vivat Cyrano ! " at every
 I iJP^tunity. They are a rough-looking
 these comrades of Gradin ; me-

        artisans, citizens with or without
 of the kind that are not safely
 tw, I*re(l with these davs They are the
 France

 ****'’ ,l*vc ranged themselves against
 ^ *** Lesueur : call him " bourgeois " to

 ‘ Tv.^ ant* *

       aristo shall wed Cyrano, not

Eg"*! Vivat Cyrano!" they shout.

       Gradin is within his nghts By

Wl of the Convention a female aristocrat

       the property of the State Is

        ne Palmier an aristocrat ?

        ! ’ asserts Gradin. " Her name is

Nfc^Sno.i ; her father was a <i-Jeianl

 . * "l l~Ml	_ t At. ______.a a____• •

  " uT*sl°—°f t,ie worst 'vp*

 .V«'.a)*I*e marries any one.

she marries

 ^'e'n

 I

 e» Achille.
 se about that I
 from Gradin.

 comes In quit k
 " A moi. tom-

 Ainj

 before

 judge or jurv-

auy one

Baroness Orczy

 there for that matter—can recover from
 the sudden shock of surprise, Gradin, with
 three strides of his long legs, is over the bar
 of the dock ; in the dock itself the next
 moment, and has seized Josephine Palmier
 and thrown her across his broad shoulders
 as if she were a bale of goods.

   To clinch the bargain he imprints a
 smacking kiss upon her cheek. Josephine
 Palmier‘s head rolls almost inert upon hot
 shoulders, white and death-like save for
 the crimson glow on one side of her face,
 there where her conquering captor has set
 his seal of possession.

   Gradin gives a long, coarse laugh :

   “ She does not care for me, it seems." he
 says in his usual self-deprecating way.

 " But it will come ! "

   The comrades laugh. “ Vivat Cyrano ! '
 and they close in around their friend, who
 once more with one stride of his long limbs
 is over the bar of the flock, at the back of it
 this time, and is at once surrounded by a
 yelling, gesticulating crowd.

   There is indescribable confusion. Vainly
 does the Attorney-General shout himseU
 hoarse, vainly does the Judgc-Prcsident
 rap with a wooden mallet against his desk;
 every one shouts, every one gesticulates,
 most people laugh. Such a droll fellow
 that Cyrano with his big nose. There he is
 just by the doorway now. still surrounded
 by " the comrades *; but his huge frame
 towers above the crowd, and across his
 broad shoulder, still slung like a bale of
 goods, lies the unconscious body of Jose-
 phine Palmier.

   In the doorway he turns, his glance
 sweeps over the court, above the massed
 heads of t he throng.

  " And if you want me at auy time,
 citizen Judge," he calls out in a ringing
 voice which has no sound of timidity or
 meekness in it now. " you know where to
 find me—the Scarlet Pimpernel at your 1
 service I "

   With this he flings something white and
 weighty across the court. It lands on the
 desk of the Judgc-Presidcnt. Then using
 the inert body of the girl as a battering-ram
 wherewith to’ forge liimself a way through
 the fringe of the crowd, he begins to move
 His strength, his swiftness, above all hi.*
 audacity and total unconsciousness of
 danger, carry him through. In less than
 ten seconds he has scattered the crowd and
 has gained ten paces on the foremost
 amongst them. The five judges and the
 jury are still gaspuig . the Judge-Presi-
 dent's trembling hands mechanically finger
 the missile, which contains a scrap of paper

b9
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

scrawled over with a doggerel rhyme and a
signature done in rad—-just a small. five-
petallcd flower.

  But with every second the pseudo-Gradin
has forged ahead, striding with long limbs
that know neither hesitation nor slackness.
He knows his way about this Palace of
Justice as no one else does probably in the
whole of Paris. In and out of corridors,
through guarded doors and down winding
stairs, he goes with an easy-swinging stride,
never breaking into a ruu. To those who
stare at him with astonishment or who
try to stop him he merely shouts over his
shoulder:

  " A female aristocrat! the spoils of the
Nation. The Judge-President has just
given her to me ! A line wife, what ? "

  Some of them know Gradin the cobbler
by sight. A ferocious fellow with whom it
is not safe to interfere ; and name of a
name, what a patriot!

  As for " the comrades.” they have been
merged with the crowd, swallowed up.
disappeared, who shall recognise them
amongst so many ? And there were those
amongst them who had never suspected
“ Cyrano ” of being an English spy

  Less than five minutes later there is a
coming and a going and a rushing, ordere
given, shouts aud curses, flying from end to
end. from court to corridor. The whole
machinery of the executive of the Commit-
tee of Public Safety is set in motion to find
traces of a giant cobbler carrying a fainting
aristocrat upon his shoulders. But of him
there is not a trace, nor yet of half a dozen
of his ** comrades" who had bten most
conspicuous in the court, when first the

abominable English spy snatched the arut®-1
crat Josephine Palmier from th« dock.

   Mattre Rochet, the distinguished ad\
who emigrated to England in the year I *93; j
has left some interesting memoirs who
he gives an account of the last days wl
he spent in Paris, when his fiancee. Mi
moiselle Josephine de Lamoignon.
by extreme poverty to do the rougb<**!|
kitchen work for a spiteful employer. *** J
accused by the latter of petty theft.
stood in the dock under the charge. 1*9
knew nothing of her plight—for she ba»
never told him that she had been driven*?!
work under an assumed name—until oJ;
evening he received the visit of a mag
cent English milor' whom he subseque
knew in England as Sir Percy Blakeney

   In a few very brief words Sir Percy to
him the history’ of the past two days andj
the iniquitous accusation and trial m
had ended so fortunately for Made
de Lamoignon and for her mother.
two ladies were now quite safe under
protection of a band of English gentk
who would sec them safely across Fr
and thence to England.	w*#!

Sir Percy had come to propose that	;

Rochet should accompany them.

   It was not until the distinguished ad'1
cate met his fiancee again that he
the full and detailed account of her sutl
ings and of the heroism and audacity of ££
English adventurer who had brought
and her mother safely through perils ■ J
numerable to the happy haven of a bom*
England.

Thi* ia the fir»t *lory of an entirely new terie* of
*• Scarlet Pimpernol" adventure* which Baronet*
Orczy ba* written (n/uifx/ir for “ Hutchinson'*
Story Magaxino.” Look out for another thrill in*
a riven Sure •lory ahortjy

70
 ** I • nljr have to OMp nlo Ik* bar ol *'
 *0 ik.** forbiddma lu.uries are plaeed »t

Stacy Autnonier

TK« LoT»a*H
9

I FORGET the name of the wag in our
town who first called him Mr.
FI Seldom Right, but the name caught
g. Ha proper name was James Seklen
K??*8ht. and the inference of this obvious
L-^ncmer was too good to drop. James
^•invariably wrong, bat so lavishly.
Bfifr*gCouslv. magnificently wrong that he
«carried the thing through with

gSb

colours. He was a kind of Tart arm
sford. which was the name of our

and

jjJ^rything about Mr. Seldom Right was
impressive, expansive. He himself
™ an enormous person with fat. pufly
i no determinate line between
his innumerable chins. His
■Pjpfjr eye* with their tiny pupils
to embrace the whole universe in
^j5*®ce. Upon his pendulous front there
thirlc gokl chains with signets and
like miniature flat-irons. His fingers
fibbed with gold bands like curtain-
His wife was big ; his daughter
%Orv,/!K : the great shire hones which
on his adjoining farm seemed quite
M Vk- Crt'atur<"s in this Gargantuan scheme
fit*"

**•0^ .** T**‘ I>ov*-a-durk ” was big.

to dominate the town. It was
a8£v|.** the top of the hill, with great
corridors, bars, coffee-rooms.
■'jSyy^d ball-rooms, stair raws of creak-
?**■ bedrooms where a four-post bed
Wjj ‘®cuh to find, a cobbled courtyard
CO'-ered entrancr-dnve where two
drav» could have driven through
*9^ There was no social function, no
no committee of importance

“ek * and whisper ' RiIIm cation . I«tn '.' ud lo !

that was not driven to meet at " The
Love-a-duck." But the biggest thing in
Tibbelsford was the voice of the landlord
At night amidst the glittering taps and
tankards he would ” preside.” By this
you must understand that the word be
taken literally. He was no ordinary pot-
man to hand mugs of ale across the bar to
thirsty carters, or nips of gin to thin-
lipped clerks

  He would not appear till the evening
was well advanced, and then he woukl
stroll in and lean against the bar. his sleepy
eyes adjusting the various phenomena of
his perspective to a comfortable focus.

  And then the old cronies and characters oi
Tibbelsford would touch their hat» and say :
** 'Evening. Mr. Wright ”

  And he would nod gravely, like an
Emperor receiving the fealty of his serfs
And a stranger might whisper:

  *' Who is this fat old guy ? "

  And the answer would be “ H'sh 1 ” for
the eyes of Mr Seldom Right missed no-
thing Bumptious strangers were treated
with complete indifference. If they ad-
dressed him. he looked right through them,
and breathed heavily. But for the cronies
and characters there was a finely adjusted
scale of treatment, a subtle under-current
of masonry. To get into favour with Mr.
Seldom Right one had to work one's way
up. and any bad mistake would land one
back among the strangers In which case
one would be served fairlv and squarely,
but there the matter would end. For it
should be stated at this point that every-
thing about " The Love-a-duck " was good
in quality, and lavish in quantity, and the

7*
Hutchinson's Story Magazine

rooms, in spite of their great size, were
always spotlessly clean. Having carefully
considered the relative values of this human
panorama, the landlord would single one
some individual fortunate enough to catch
his momentary favour, and in a voice
w hich seemed to make the glasses tremble,
and the little Chelsea figures on the high
tnantcl-shelf gasp with surprise, he would
exclaim :

  " Well, Mr. Tnpsmith. and how are wc ?
(light on the lop o’ life ? Full of beaus,
hone, blood, and benevolence, eh ? Ha,
ha, ha 1 "

  •\nd the laugh would clatter among the

♦	ankards, twist the gas-bracket, go rolling
down the corridors, and make the dogs
bark in the kennels beyond the stables.

  And Mr. Topsmith would naturally
blush, and spill his beer, and say :

  " Oh. thank you. sir, nothin’ to grumble
about ; pretty good goui’ altogether.”

  " That’s right ! that’s right ! ”

  There were plenty of waitresses and
attendants at " The Love-a-duck.” but
however busy the bars might be. the land-
lord himself always dined at seven-thirty
precisely, with his wife and daughter, in
the oblong parlour at the back of the saloon
bar. And they dined simply and pro-
digiously. A large steaming leg of mutton
would bl- carried In, and in twenty minutes'
time would return a forlorn white frag-
ment of bone. Great dishes of fried
potatoes, cabbages, and marrow would all
vanish. \ Stilton cheese would come
back like an over-explored ruin of some
ancient Assyrian town. And Mine Host
would mellow these simple delicacies with
three or four tankards of old ale. Occasion-
ally some of the cronies and characters
were invited to join the repast, but whoever
was there, the shouts and laughter of the
landlord rang out above everything, only
seconded by the breezy giggles of Mrs,
Wright, whose voice would be constantly
heard exclaiming : ” Oh. Jim, you are a
fule ! '*

  It was when the dinner was finished that
the landlord merged into the president
He produced a long churchwarden, and
ambled hither and thither with a pompous,
benevolent, consciously proprietary- air
The somewhat stilted formality of his first
appearance expanded into a genial but
autocratic courtliness. He was an Ed-
wardian of Edward ians. He coukl be
surprisingly gracious, tactful and charm-
ing, and he also had that Hanoverian
faculty of seeing right through one—a
perfectly cruslung manneriira

  By slow degrees he would gently s
herd his favourite llock around the fire »j
the large bar parlour, decorated with st*
heads, pewter and old Chelsea. Then
would settle himself in the corner of
ingle-nook by the right side of the
IVrhaps at this time I may be aU«wedi
enumerate a few of the unbreakable ru!
which the novice had to learn by deg
They were as follows :

  You must always address the landlord M
" sir."	e

  You must never interrupt him in Uw
course of a story.

  Yon must never appear to disbelieve hu
You must never tell a bigger lie than “
has just told.

  If he offers you a drink you must a

it.

  You must never under any circumsta
offer to stand him a drink in return.

  You may ask his opinion about anyt
but never any question about his pc
affairs.

  You may disagree with him, bnt V®?
mast not let him think that you’re
taking him seriously.

 You must not get drunk.	.ja

  These were the broad abstract 1 j.
There were other by-laws and coveoflH
allowing for variable degrees of inter !>«***£
tion. That, for instance, which g°veTn*_ei
the improper story. A story could
suggestive but must never be
vulgar or profane Abo one might bjgl
had enough to drink to make one gMflwW
but not enough to be boisterous, or	,

lin, or even over-familiar.	^gj

  I have stated that the quality of
supplied at " The Love-a-duck " was •
cellent, and so it was. Beyond	,

ever, our landlord had his own
reserves. There was a litUe closet jus* ^
the central bar where, on ocrasK** ^
would suddenly disappear, and	J

the humour produce some special bo*»*Vj.
old port or liqueur He would
dling with it back to his scat and eXC,

  " Gentlemen, this is the buthday ° of
Imperial Highness the Princess I:' c0c*'
Spain. I must ask you to drink her
health and prosperity I "	. / tt*

  And the bar. who had never hr*r»l
Princess Eulalie of Spain, would i'-al '
do so with acclamation.	.. -x**

  Over the little glasses he would tc>
impressive and incredible stones- |„i*-
hunted liuni with the King of
He had dined with the Cxar of
He liad been a drummer-boy rturw5
North ard South war in America. **

7*
Stacy Aumonier

  jj^yelled all over Africa, Spain. India.
  J-hina and Japan. There was no crowned
  “^d in either of the hemispheres with
  w&otn he was not familiar. I le knew
  HntUng there was to know about
  Hliauli, oil. finance, horses, politics.
  j**®tern religions, ratting, dogs, geology.

          political economy, tobacco, corn.
Rubber. He was a prolific talker, but
r* dkl not object to listening, and he en-
f an argument In every way he was
fc	«w*n to place. IVrliaps in think-

rjjol him one was apt not to make due
Wwance (or the rather drab background
HSkoSt wb»ch his personality stood out so
K^jjdly. One must first visualise the
B^^Pany of " The Love-a-duck.”

    ■Thtre was old Hargreaves, the local
  r**te agent, a snuffy, gingery, pinched old
  .	with a pretty bar-side manner, an

KSyflte capacity lor listening politely ; one
nature had been completely bowd-
by years of showing unlikely tenants
fc empty houses, and keeping cheerful
KJ 'draughty passages There was Mr
rTfn- the corn-merchant, with a polished.

face and no voice. He would sit
forward on a gold-knobbed cane.
^ a3 the evening advanced he seemed
rv^'lt into one vast ingratiating smile
KgXaded every moment that the stick

  , Old vp wav nnr! fhal hr wnnlil f^ll

>ta,

give way and that he would fall
on his (ace. There was an argu-
jj-»(.ative chemist, whose name I have
|J*ot,en ; he was a keen-faced man, and
>^*ore gold-rimmed spectacles which
frrjSi *1'm 1'k'1k much cleverer than he
There was old Phene Sparfitt.
knew how he It veil He was very

    •	much too old to be allowed out at
  SPvbut quite the m*»st regular and
  customer. He drank quantities
  ^H^*h4-wator. his lower hp was always
  Im'* and he professed an intimate know-
  oJ5 °f the life of birds. Dick Toora. the
  W* the ,ocal liverv-stabl«. was a
  visitor. He generally came
  jSJJJPanied by several horary -looking
  *h*TTrUn He always talked brsrsily
  ‘“nr distressing illness he was
  ,rom and would want to make a
  ^j^T“h anyone present at»ut some quite
  >us proposition f ir instance -that
  from the cross-roads to the
  ?J! by Jenkins's black-pig farm was
  tL, 'hat, the distance from the fountain
  *»»d«Ji^ 0f picradillv Circus «o the
  *«M>A?*”nn in Dover Street. A great
  4**'l (i. ?f the»«» bets took place In the bar.
  „... “f1 that the landlord always lost
  °f the reasons of bis nickname.

     3*

  It cannot be said that the general
standard of intelligence reached a very high
level, and against it it was difficult to tell
quite how intelligent the landlord was.
If he was not n well-educated man. he
certainly had more than a veneer of
education. In an argument he was seldom
extended. Sometimes he talked brilliantly
for a moment, and then seemed to talk out
of his hat. He had an extravagant thea-
trical way of suddenly declaiming a state-
ment. and then sinking his voice and
repeating it. Sometimes lie would I**
moodish and not talk at all But at his
best he was very good company.

  It would be idle to pretend that the
frequenters of the bar believed the land-
lord's stories. On the conti ary. I'm afraid
wc were a very sceptical lot Most of us
had nevei been farther than London or
the sea-side, and our imagination shied at
episodes in Rajahs' palaces, and receptions
in Spanish courts. It became a byword
in the town : " Have you beard old Seldom
Right's latest?” Nevertheless, he was
extremely populai. At the time ol which
I write the landlord must have been well
over sixty yeais ol age. and his wife was
possibly forty-five. ITicy appeared to be
an extieinely happy and united family.

  And then Septimus Stourway appeared
on the scene. He was an acid, angular,
middle-aged man. with sharp features, a
heavy black moustache, and eyes too close
together. He was a chartered accountant,
and he came to the town to audit the books
of a large brewery near-by. and one or two
other concerns He brought his wife and
his son. who was eleven years old He was
a man whom everybody disliked from the
very beginning and never got over it. He
was probably clever at his job. quick-think-
ing. self-opinionative. aggressively assert-
ive, and altogether objectionable

  The very first occasion on which he
visited " The Love-a-duck ” he btoke every
rule of the masonic ring except the one
which concerned getting drunk. The com-
pany was in session under its president,
and he bounced into the circle and joined
in the conversation He interrupted the
landlord in the middle of a story' and
plainly hinted that he didn’t believe him
He called liim " old chap ** and offered to
stand him a drink. He then told a long,
boring story about some obscure episode ui
his own life The eflect of this intrusion
was that the landlord, who never replied
to him at all, rose heavily from his scat and
disappeared. The rest of the com par
tried to show by their chilling i

73
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

ncsB that they disapproved of him. Bui
Mr. Stour way was not the kind of person
to be sensitive to this. He ratUed on,
occasionally taking tiny sips of his brandy-
and-water. He even had the audacity to
ask old Hargreaves who the fat. disagree-
able old butter was ! And poor old Har-
greaves was so upset he nearly cried. He
could only murmur feebly: “ He's the
landlord."

  *' li'in 1 a nice sort of landlord ! Sow I
knew a landlord at-"

  The company gradually melted away and
left the stranger to sip his brandy-and-
water alone.

  Everybody hoped, of course, that this
first visit would also be the last. But oh.
no I the next evening at the same time in
bounced Mr. Septimus Stourway. quite
uncrushed. Again the landlord disap-
peared. and the company melted away.
The third night some of them tried snubbing
him and being rude, but it had no effect at
all. At every attempt of this sort he merely
laughed in his empty way. and exclaimed :

  ” My dear fellow, just listen to me-"

  Before a week was out Mr. Septimus
Stourway began to get on the nerves of th*
town. Me swaggered about the streets as
though he was doing us a great honour by
being there at all. His wife and son were
also seen. His wife was a tali, vinegary-
lookiiiR woman in a semi-fashionable, semi-
sporting get-up. She wore a mouocle and
a short skirt, and carried a cane. The boy
was a spectacled, round-shouldered, un-
attractive-looking youth, more like the
mother than the father in appearance.
He never seemed to leave his mother's side
for an instant.

  It appeared that his name was Nick,
and that he was the most remarkable boy
for his age who had ever lived. He knew
Latin, and Greek, and French, and history,
and mathematics, and philosophy, and
science. Also he had a beautiful nature
Mr. Stourway spent hours boring any one
he could get to listen with the narration of
his son's marvellous attributes. If the
habitu& of *‘ The Love-a-duck " tired of
Mr. Stourway. they became thoroughly fed
up with his son.

  It was on tbe following Wednesday even-
ing that the dramatic incident happened in
the bar-parlour of the famous inn The
landlord had continued his attitude of
utter indifference to the interloper. He
had been just as cheerful and entertaining ;
only when Mr. Stow way entered the bar
he simply dried up. But during the last
two day’s he appeared to be thinking ab-

stractedly about something. He was an' j
noyed.	:

  On this Wednesday evening the ufU**
company had again assembled and th®
landlord appeared anxious to resume lu!
former position of genial host, when lfl
came Mr. Stourway again. He had no*
been in tho previous evening, and cvery oflji
was hoping that at last he had realise® I
that be was not wanted. Up rose
landlord at once and went away.	)

was an almost uncontrolled groan from to*
rest. Mr. Stourway took his scat. a»«
began to talk affably.	Jk

   It was thcn observed that the landlord' ?
instead of going right away, was hoverio?
about behind the bar. I don't know ba* |
the conversation got round to poetry.
after a time Mr. Stourway started	I

about his son's marvellous memory
poetry.	J*

   " That boy of mine, you know, ' he sa*"

" he would simply astound you He **/I
members everything. The poetry he j
learnt off by heart 1 miles and miles of
I don't suppose there’s another boy of
age in the country who coukl quote half*"
much."	j

  It was thcn Uie bomb-shell fell. 1 j
landlord was leaning across the bar !
suddenly his enormous voice rang oat' jj
" I'll bet you five pounds to one	[

know a little boy of five who could

             boy of nve who could q«
twice as much poetry as your son 1

  There was a dead silence, and e verytw
looked from the landlord to Mr. Stourtw^
That gentleman grinned supe rcilio1**^:
thcn he rubbed his hands togethe'
said:	•%

  " Well, well, that's interesting • ^ j
believe it. My son's eleven. A boy^
five ? Ha. lia ! I'd like to get a wager
that ! ”

  The landlord's voice, louder than c
exclaimed:

  " I'll bet you a hundred pound*
five! *’	j

  Mr. Stourway looked slightly ala*®*^
but Iiis eyes glittered.	_ *

  " A hundred pound* to five I !'• "
betting man. but by God ! I’d take to*;
" Is your son shy ? ”

  " Oh. no ; he enjoys reciting	P

  '' Would he come here and have 30
competition ? "	fff

  •' H m ! well. well. I don't	^

might I should have to ask hi* f
Who ts this wonderful boy you speu*

" My nephew over at Chagham- ..
could drive him over in the d°£'c3^Jb<*s
It need hardly be said that the 0>

74

■
Stacy Aumonier

 ^ " The Love-a-duck" fraternity were
 w°rked up to a great state of excitement
 this sudden challenge. What did it
 ? No one knew that old Seldom
 J£8ht luul any relations in the county.
 ifij1 then, he was always such a secretive
 K* boy about his own aflairs. Could a
 j^tle boy 0f five possibly remember and
 T’!peat more poetry—twice as much more !
 •T^an this phenomenal Nick Siourway ?
 now was it all to be arranged?

 became evident, however, that the
 f^dlord was very much in earnest. He
 tj*® apparently thought out all the details.
 1 should be an open competition. It
 rj*! take place in the ball-room ol the
 The two boys should stand on the
 •"•tform with their parents and should
 poems or blank verse in turn. A
 committee of judges should count the
 2**- When one had exhausted his com-
 |C* repertoire, the other of course would
 k'2?** won : but it would be necessary for
 —that was the name of aid Wright's
 jj*phew—to go on for double the numtirr of
 KgT that Nick had spoken to win the

 ^'"ben it was first put to him Mr. Stour-
 fcpy Jooked startled, but on going into the
 he soon became eager. It was the
 ^ l^*t W3y of making a hundred pounds
 ever encountered. Of course the
 boy might be clever and have a good

 ^morv , but that he could possibly rccite
 , a* much as the wonderful Nick was

 J^inkabl- Moreover his back was up.

 he hated the landlord. He knew that
 ^•jpbbe.1 him on every ocixsion. and this
 ** an opportonity to score. There
 J,*1 l?*st the mild risk of losing a fiver, and
 ^ ^ife to be talked over, but—he t houghi
 persuade her.

 Hv* . ^tnour of the competition spread
 -*ild-fire ali over the town,
 w* Was not only the chief topic of con-
 at " The Lovc-a-duck." but at all
 I tt<>rj*where men met and talked. It can-
 <H .“^denied that a considerable number
 were made. Seldom Right's tre-
 optimum found him many sup-
 but the great odds and the fact
 ^ *nvariably lost in wagris of this
 SS-- many into the opposing camp of

 *p£'OTOmitt*»- of wavs and means was
 : JEW®* the following nujht after Mrs
 Stourway h--.d given her consent.
 |^»TC'1 had signified his willingness to
 histrionic abilities to a crowd of

 Old

 H*rgrea\r*. Mr Bean, and a school-

 master named McFarlane were appointed
 the judges. The ball-room was to be open
 to any one. and there was to be no charge
 for admission. The date of the com-
 petition was fixed for the following Satur-
 day afternoon, at five o'clock.

  I must now apologise for intruding my
own personality into this narrative. I
would rather not do so, but it is inevitable.
It is true, my part in the proceedings was
only that of a spectator, but from your
point of view—and from mine—it was an
exceedingly important part. 1 must begin
with the obvious confession that I had
visited “ The Love-a-duck ” on occasions,
and that is the kind of adventure that one
naturally doesn't make too much of.
Nevertheless I can say with a clear con-
science that I was not one of the inner
ring. I had so far only made the most
tentativo efforts to get into the good graces
of the landlord. But everyone in TibbeJs-
ford was talking of the forthcoming remark-
able competition, and I naturally made a
point of turning up in good time.

  I managed to get a seat in the fourth
row, and I was very fortunate, for the
ball-room was packed", and a more remark-
able competition I have never attended.
The three judges sat in the front row,
facing the platform The Stourway party
occupied the right side of the platform and
the Wrights the left. The landlord sat
with his party, but in the centre, so that
he could act as a kind of chairman. He
appeared to be in high good-humour. and
he came on first and made a few facetious
remarks before the performance began.
In the first place, he apologised for the
lighting. If was certainly very bad
There originally had been footlights, but
it was so long’since they had been used
that the y were out of repair. The large room
was only lighted by a gas chandelier in
the centre, so that the stage was bomcwhat
dim. but, as he explained, this would only
help to obscure the blushes of the per-
formers when they received the plaudits of
such a distinguished gathering.

  The Stourway party entered first They
came in from a door at the back of the
platform. Mr. Stourway noisily non-
chalant. talking to every one at random,
in a tail-coat, with grey spats ; his wife in
a sports skirt and a small hat. looking
rather bored and disgusted ; and the boy
in an Eton jacket and collar, with a bunchy
tic. and his hair neatly brushed- He looked
very much at home and confident It was
obvious that he was out to enjoy himself.
Numerous prixc-distributions at which he

75
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

  had played a conspicuous part had evi-
  dently inured him to such an ordeal.

    And then the other party entered, and
  the proceedings seemed likely to end before
  they had begun. Mrs. Wright came on
  first, followed by <t lady dressed in black
  leading a most diminutive boy. They only
  reached the door when apparently the sight
  of this large audience frightened the small
  person and he began to cry. Tht- landlord
  and his wife rushed up and with the mother
  tried to encourage him. and after a few
  minutes they succceded in doing so. The
  lady in black, however—who was pre-
  sumably the widowed mother—picked him
  up and carried him in and sat him on her
  kuee.

    The audience became keenly cxcited. and
  every one was laughing and discussing
  whether the affair would materialise or not.
  At length things seemed to be arranged, and
  the landlord came forward and said :

   " Ladies and gentlemen, allow me to
  introduce you to the competitors—Master
  Nick Stourway. Master Stephen Wright
  Good gracious ! It sounds as though I were
  , announcing tho competitors in a prize-
  ring. But this is to be a very peaceful
  competition—at least, I hope so 1 I think
  you all know the particulars. We're
  simply going to enjoy ourselves, aren't we.
  Nick ? Aren't we. Stephen ? ”

    Nick smiled indulgently and said, “ Yes,
  sir."

    Stephen glanced up at him for a second,
  and then buried his face in his mother's lap.

    " Well, well," said the landlord. " I will
  now call 011 Master Nick to open the ball."

    Master Nick was nothing loath. He stood
  up and bowed ; and holding his right arm
  stiffly and twiddling a button of his waist-
  coat with his left, he declaimed in ringing
  tones;«

    U was the schooner ' Hesperus ’

       That sailed the wintry sea :

    And the skipper had taken his liltle
    daughter
    To bear hint company."

    There were twenty-two verses of this, of
  four lines each, and the audicnce were
  somewhat impatient, because they had
  not come there to hear Master Nick recite.
  They had come for the competition, and it
  was still an open question whether there
  would 1)0 any* competition. They were
  anxiously watching Master Stephen. He
  spent most of the period of his rival's
  recitation of this long poem with his face
  buried in his mother's lap, in the dark

corner of the platform. His motL
stroked his hair aud kept on whispering $
word to him. and occasionally he wouM
peer round at Nick and watch him for a i
seconds : then he glanced at the andieflM
and immediately ducked out of sight agaitH
When Nick had finished he bowed and
sat down, and there was a mild roU**Ji
of applause. The judges consulted, and
agreed that he had scorcd 88 lines.

  Now what was going to happen ?

  The small boy seemed to be shaking bPi
head and stamping his feet, and his mo'
was talking to him. The landlord cou"

He was obviously a little nervous. £
went over to the group and said in a chccf'
ful voice:

  ** Now. Stephen, tell us a poem." S
A little piping voice said " No I "
there were all the wriggles and shakes - ,
the recalcitrant youngster. Murmurs
round the room, and a lot of people wC**
laughmg The Stourway party srtf c*j
tremely amused. At length the landl0*“
took a chair near him, and produced a k>°5
sUck of barley-sugar.

  " Now. Stephen." he said. " if you wo«
talk to these naughty people, tell M*
poem. Tell me that beautiful ' Hymn w,
Apollo * you told me last winter.” .J[
The little boy looked up at him
grinned . then he looked at Iiu m»tD®j
Her widow's veil covered the upper pa*1 '
her face. She kissed him and said :

  “ Go on. dear. Tell Uncle Jtm ! "

  There was a pause: the small
looked up ami down, and then. hxinf ^.1
eyes solemnly on the landlord's face-.
suddenly began in a queer litUe lisP^JJ
voice:

     " Cod of the golden bow.

  A nd of the golden lyre,

       A nd of the golden hair
          A nd of the golden fire ;

              Charioteer
         Hound the patient year. _ „

  Where—where slept thine ire?

  It was a short poem, but its render.
received with vociferous
was going to be a competition.

People who had money at stak^-ie
laughing and slapping their legs.
who hadn't were doing the »an»e
one was on the best of terms	d

other There was a certain
trouble with the judges, as th»y
know the poem, and they didn't K1**'
length of «the line*. Fortun*t**7-|^
schoolmaster had come armed
Stacy Aumonier

     alter some discussion the poem was
 «und to have been written by Keats, and
 ! ?aslcr Stephen was awarded 36 lines,
 j wua cheered. clappcd. and kissed by the
 landlord. and his aunt, and his mother.
 u Master Nick's reply to this was to recite
 The Pied Piper of Hamclin,” a perform-
 ance which bored everyone to tears, especi-
 ally as he would persist in gesticulating,
 4°<l doing it in a manner as though he
 l thought that tlie people had simply come
 to hear his performance. " The Pied Piper
 "f Hamelin ” is 105 lines. Thus made his
 •tore 2S3.

   The small boy was still very shy, and
 1 Seemed disinclined to continue, but the
 landlord said :

   " Now, come on, Stephen. I'm sure you
 retneniber some more beautiful poetry.”

    At last, to every one's surprise, he began
 to lisp;

   Once more unto the breach, dear friends,
        once more ...”

 j It was screamingly funny. He went
 j pght through the speech, and when he got
 »o:

 ’ Cry ‘ God for Harry. England, and Saint
       George I * "

 the applause was deafening. People were
 J*Uing out. and some of the barrackers had
 ™ be rebuked by the landlord. King
 i?*nry's speech was only 35 lines, so Master
 PJtephcn’s total/was 71. Nick then re-
 taliated with an appalling poem, which
 J^Oin menccd:

 g " She .stood at the bar of jn'.tice,

       A creature wan and wild.

      In form loo intall for a woman.

        In feature too old for a child."

 '	>t was not quite #0 long as

 BP* other two. and only brought him 60
 **®es. making a total of J43.
 t®tepheT». who seemed to be gaining a
 "^tle more confidence and entrrtng into the
 Hgirit of the thing, replied with Rolx-rt
 fiJ'riKk'i “Ole to a Datludil.” a charm-
 little effort, although it only brought
 ^ 10 lines.	•

 I Master Nick ncm broke into Shakespeare,
      let himself go on :

   Friends, Remans, countrymen, lend me
       your ears "

    He only did 23 lines, however, before he

broke down and forgot. The committee
had arranged for this. It was agreed that
in the event of either competitor breaking
down, he should still score the lines up to
where he broke down, and at the end he
should be allowed to quote odd lines, pro-
vided there were more than one.

  At this point there was a very amusing
incident. Master Stephen hesitated for
some time, and then he began, " Friends,
Romans, countrymcn," etc , and he went
right through the same speech without a
slip I It was the first distinct score for
the landlord's party, and Master Stephen
was credited with 128 lines. The scores,
however, were still 366 to 219 in Nick's
favour, and he proceeded to pile on the
agony by reciting “ Beth Gelert.” How-
ever. at the end of the twelfth verse he
again forgot, and only amassed 48 lines.

  Balanced against his mother's knee, and
looking unutterably solemn—as far as one
could see in the dim light—and only oc-
casionally glancing at the audience. Stephen
then recited a charming poem by William
Blake, called " Night.” which also con-
tained 48 lines,

  Nick then collected 40 lines with " Some-
body's Darling.” and as a contrast to this
sentimental twaddle Stephen attempted
Wordsworth's ” Ode on Intimations of
Immortality.” Unfortunately, it was his
turn to break down, but not till he had
notched 92 lines. It was quite a feature
of the afternoon that whereas Nick’s con-
tributions for the most part were the
utmost trash. Stephen only did good things.

  It would perhaps be tedious to chronicle
the full details of the poems attempted and
the exact number of lines scored, although,
as a matter of fact, at the time 1 did keep a
careful record. But on that afternoon it
did not appear tedious, except when Nick
let himself go rather freely over some quite
commonplace verse. Even then there was
always the excitement as to whether be
would break down. The audience indeed
found it thrilling, and it became more
and more exciting as it weut on. for it
becamc apparent that both boys were
getting to the end of their tether. They
both began to forget, and the judges were
kept very busy, and the parents were as
occupied as seconds in a prir.e-ring. It
mnst have been nearly half-past six when
Master Nick eventually gave out. He
started odds and ends, and forgot, and bis
parents were pulled up for prompting. He
collccted a few odd lines, and amassed a
total of 822. a very considerable amount
for a boy of his age'.
 Hutchinson's Story Magazine

  At this point he was leading by 106
lines. So for Stephen to win tbe wager
for the landlord he would not only have
to score that odd 106. but he would have
to remember an additional 822 lines ! And
he already gave evidence of forgetting !
There was a fresh burst of betting in odd
parts of the hall, and Dick Toom was offer-
ing ten to one against the landlord's [.roteg<5
and not getting many takers. The great
thing in his favour was that he seemed to
have quite lost his nervousness. He was
keen on the job. and he seemed to realise
that it was a competition, and that he had
got to do his utmost. The landlord's party
were allowed to talk to him and to make
suggestions, but not to prompt if he for-
got. There was a short interval, in which
milk and other drinks were handed round.
The landlord had one of the other drinks,
and then he said :

   " Ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to
ask your indulgence, to be as quiet as
possible. My small nephew has to recall
928 lines to win the competition, and he is
going to try and do it."

  The announcement was received with
cheers. And then Stephen started again.
He began excellently with Keats’s *' Ode to
a. Nightingale," and scored 80 lines, and
without any pause went on to Milton's
" L'Allegro, ’ of which he delivered 126
lines before breaking down. He paused a
little and then did odds and ends of verses,
some complete, and some not. Thomas
Hood's " Departure of Summer ” (14 lines),
Shelley’s " To-Night “ (35), and a song by
Shelley commencing :

  " Rarely, rarely comest thou.

Spirit oj Delight ! ” (48 lines)

  I will not enumerate all these poems, but
he amassed altogether 378 lines in this way
Then he had another brief rest, and reverted
once more to Shakespeare. In his little
sing-song voice, without any attempt at
dramatic expression, he reeled off 160 lines
of the Balcony Scene from Romeo and
Juliet; 96 lines of the scene between
Hamlet and the Queen ; 44 lines of the
Brutus and Cassius quarrel ; 31 of Jaques’s
speech on “ All the world's a stage.” It
need hardly be said that by this time the
good burghers of Tibbelsford were in a
state of the wildest excitement.

  The schoolmaster announced that Master
Stephen had now scored 689 of the requisite
928. so that he only wanted 240 more to
win. Mr. Stourway was biting his nails
and loolring green. Mrs. Stourway looked

as though she was disgusted with her ,
husband for having brought her among \
these common people. Nick sneered super- :
cihously.

  But in the meantime there was no j
question but that Master Stephen himself j
was getting distressed His small voice
was getting huskier and huskier, and tears
seemed not far off. I heard Mrs. Rush-
bridger. sitting behind me. remark:

   ” Poor little mite ! I calls it a shime ! '*

  It was also evident that he was getting
seriously to the end of his quoting riper? j
toire. He had no other long speeches. 1
The landlord's party gathered round him
and whispered.

  He tried again, short stanzas and odd
verses, sometimes unfinished. He kept the
schoolmaster very busy ; but he blundered
on. By these uncertain stages he managed
to add another 127 lines, and then he
suddenly brought off a veritable tour dt
force. It was quite uncanny. He quoted
xog lines of Spenser's " Faerie Queen e " 1
The matter was quite unintelligible to the
audience, and they were whispering to each
other and asking what it was. When he
broke down, the schoolmaster announced -
that it was quite in order, and that Master
Stephen's total lines quoted now amounted
to 1640. and that therefore he only required
four lines to win !

  Even then the battle was apparently not
over. Every one was cheering and making
such a noise that the small boy could not
understand it. and he began crying. A to*
of people in the audience were calling out'

” Shame ! " and there was ail the appear-
ance of a disturbance- Tbe landlord’*
party was very occupied. It was several
minutes before order was restored, and
then the landlord rapped on the table and
called out. " Order ! order ! "

  He drank a glass of water, and there
a dead silence. Stephen's mother held the
little boy very tight, and smiled at hifl*-
At last, raising his voice for this last de-
spairing effort, he declaimed quite loudly *

** Why. all the Saints and Sages who dis-
      cuss'd

  Of the two Worlds so wisely—they ***
      thrust

  Like foolish Prophets forth : lh**f
     Words to Scorn.	..

   Are scalier'd. and their Mouths are sitf*
      with Dust."

  The cheers which greeted this triumph*®*
climax were split by various disturbance**
the most distressing coming from Steph
Stacy Aumonier

 ^Wseif, f,)r almost as he uttered the last
 *ord he gave a yell, and burst into sobs.

 he sobbed, and sobbed, aud sobbed.
 £Bd his mother picked him up and rocked
 and thc landlorcl and his wife did what
 hey coaid. But it was quite hopeless,
 ^ephca was finished. His mother picked
 op and hurried out of the door at the
 with him. The Stourway party
 ®Wted away. There were no more
 HMches. but people crowded on to the
 Platform, and a lot of the women wanted

 ■	ij®t to kiss Stephen before he went away ;

Mrs. Wright camc back and said the
j**0* child was very upset. She was afraid
th«y ought not to have let him do it. His
jtothcr was putting him to bed in one of
rooms, and they were giving him some
Hh volatile. He would be all right soon.
Coursc- was a tremendous effort;
a tiny person too !

 .Some one offered to go for the doctor,
 Mrs. Wright said they would sec how
 r* was. and if he wasn't better in half an
 fjjur's time they’d send over to Doctor
 much

 jEvery one was congratulating the land-
 and he was clasping hands and saying :

 . ' A marvellous boy 1 a marvellous boy I
 ‘ teew he would do it I ”

  Jhe party gradually broke up.

  *	must now again revert to myself. 1
*** enormously impressed by what 1 had
and heard, and for the rest of the
Tuning I could think of nothing else.
**ti-r dhuier I went out for a stroll. It was
j*Iy March, and unseasonably cold. When
».£'Jt down to the bridge, over which the
Pfi»k-road run* across the open country to
^ehurst. large snowflakes were falling. I
?.°°d there foT some time, looking at our
- little river, and thinking of the land-
and Stephen. And as I gazed around

    *	began to wonder what it was about
2* snow-flakes which seemed to dovetail
L-gtti certain subconscious movements go-
. • Oo within me.

  And suddenly a phrase leapt into mv
  .*?dI It was:

   _ Km ten cotton gloves ! *’

7	i**otten cotton gloves! What was the
2?nectl01' ? The snow, the mood, sotne-
about Stephen's voice quoting ” The
y*r»e Queene " Very slowly the tiring
J?*451 to unfold itself. And when I began
£j™ahxr it ail. | said to myself. ** Yes. my
: it was the Faerie’ Qnecne which
the show away. The rest might have
taT* possible You were getting rather
Put to it I ”
llc snow was falling heavily. It was

Christmas-time—good lord 1 I did not
like to think bow- long ago ! Thirty years ?
Forty years ? My sister and I at Drury
Lane pantomime. “ Rotten cotton
gloves ” ! Yes. that was it I I could
remember nothing at all of the perform-
ance. Bat who was that great man they
spoke of ? the Star attraction ?—some
name like “ the great Borodin." the world's
most famous humorist and ventriloquist.
We were very excited, Phyllis and I, very
small people then, surely not much older
than Stephen himself. 1 could not re-
member the great Borodin, but I remem-
bered that one phrase. There was a small
lay figure which said most amusing things.
It was called—no, 1 have forgotten. It
was dressed in an Eton suit and it wore
rather dilapidatcd-looking white cotton
gloves. And every now and then, in the
middle of a dialogue or discourse, it broke
off. looked at its hands, and muttered :

  " Rotten cotton gloves ! "

  It became a sort of catch-phrase in
London in those days. On buses and
trains people would murmur. " Rotten
cotton gloves I " A ccrtain vague some-
thing about the way that Stephen recited
Spenser's *' Faerie Queeue ’*.... Was it
possible ?

  And then certain very definite aspects
of the competition presented themselves to
my mind's eye. It had all been very
cleverly stage-managed. It must be ob-
served that Stephen neither walked on
nor walked off. He did not even stand
He hardly looked at the audience. And
then, the lighting was inexcusably bad.
Even some of the lights in the central
chandelier had unaccountably failed. And
the landlord's party had chosen the darkest
side of the stage. No one had spoken to
the boy. No one had seen him arrive, and
immediately aftqr the competition he had
gone straight to bed.

  I tried to probe my-memory for know-
ledge of "the great Borodin,” but at
eight or nine one does not take great In-
terest in these details. 1 know there was
something ... I remember hearing my
parents talking about it—some great
scandal soon after I had seen him. lie was
disgraced. 1 am sure. 1 have a vague idea
lie was in some way wcll-connectcd. He
was to marry a great lady, and then perhaps
he eloped with a young barmaid ? I can-
uot be ccrtain. It was something like that.
I know he disappeared from public life,
for in after years, when people had been
to similar p«:rloi inances, 1 bod heard our
parent* say:

79
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

  " Ah, but you should have seen ' The
Great Borodin.' ”

  These memories, the peculiar thrill of
the competition, the cold air. the lazy
snow-flakes drifting hither and thither, ail
excited me. 1 walked on farther aud
farther into the country, trying to piece it
all together. I liked the landlord, and I
shared the popular dislike of Mr. Stourway.

  After a time 1 returned, and making my
way towards thf north of the town. I
started to walk quickly in the direction of
" The Love-a-duck." If I hurried. I should
l>e there ten minutes or so before closing-
time.

  When I entered the large bar-parlour
the place was very crowded. 1 met old
Hargreaves by the door. I’m afraid a good
many rules of the society had been broken
that evening. Old Hargreaves was not
the only one who had had quite enough
liquid refreshment. Everybody was in
high spirits,, and they were still all talking
about the competition. I met Mr. Bean
near the fireplace, and 1 said:

  “ Well. Mr. Bean, and have you heard
how the boy is r
“ Oh. ay." he replied. " He soon got
all right. Mrs. Wright says he were just
a bit upset. He went of! home not an
hour since."

  " Did you see him ? "

  " Eh ? Oh, no, 1 didn’t see 'm Mrs.
Wright says he looked quite hisself."

  The landlord was moving ponderously
up and down behind the bar. I thought
he looked tired, and there were dark rims
round his eyes. 1 moved up towards the
bar. and he didn’t notice me. The noise
of talking was so loud that one could speak
in a normal voice without being heard.
Everything had apparently gone oil quite
successfully. Mr Stourway had sent along
his cheque for five pounds, and it was
reckoned that he would never show his
face in ” The Love-a-duck" again. I
waited.

  At last I noticed that the landlord was
quite alone. He was leaning against the
serving-hatch, flicking some crumbs from
his waistcoat, as though waiting for the
moment of release. I took my glass and
sidled up to him. I leant forward as
though to speak. He glanced at me, and
inclined his head with a bored movement.
When his ear was within a reasonable dis-
tance 1 said quic-Uy:

  " Rotten cotton gloves 1'

  I shall never forget the expression on the
face of the landlord as he slowly raised hi*
head. I was conscious of being a pin-point ;
in a vast perspective. His large, rather j
colourless eyes appeared to sweep the whole
room. They were moreover charged with i
a perfectly controlled expression of sur- (
prise and a kind of uncontrolled lustre ol
ironic humour. I had a feeling that if h®
laughed it would be the end of all thi
He did not laugh ; he looked lugubrio
right through my face, and breat
heavily. Then he swayed slightly frC>1^ i
side to side and looked at ray hat. ana ;
said :

  " I’ve got some cherry-brandy here \
you'd like. You must have a glass- \
Sir-"

  Now I do not wish to appear to yo® j
either as a prig, a traitor or a profiteer. I J
am indeed a very ordinary, perhaps ovcf- i
human member of Tibbelsford society* ■
If I have taken certain advantages of the
landlord, you must at any rate give n,c
the credit of being the only member of tt
large audience who had the right intuition5
at the right moment. In all othor rrspec^
you must acknowledge that 1 have treat*® J
him rather well. In any case. I bcc^n*®
prominent in the inner circle without untie*-' J
going the tortuous novitiateship of th*5
casual stranger.

  The landlord and i are the best of friend* j
to this day, although wc exchange no eflgS;
fidences. I can break all the rules of tl»e
masonic understanding without gcttioR j
into trouble. Some of the others at*
amazed at the liberties I take.

  And in thf«e days, when hcensrf*
restrictions arc so severe. when fcrt*5
things are not to be got (officially).
when I sec my friends stealing home to *
bone-dry supper, I only have to creep
the bar of ” The Love-a-duck ” and whi*?*?'

“ Rotten cotton gloves 1 " and lo ! all
forbidden luxuries are placed at my °,y ;|
posal. Can you hiatne me ?

  I have said that we exchange no c£TlJ
fidences, and indeed I feel that that wo®
be going too far, taking too great *
advantage of my position. There is «>° *
one small point I would love to
and I dare not ask Presuming my th**’fj!
to be right about ** The Great BorodJO
—which was he ?

  The landlord ? Or the widow ?

8o
■

 T/JE DOWNWARD SMILE

    5 By Berta Rue* =

     Author of • H» Official Fi*»««." «te.

I Y'HE young man of this story was called
  I Dick, for a reason.

gjSJ'ys get on with women......

Ijj®*- And so important in a boy's <
nt*arc,l his nrettv »mhilininlillli>

his pretty, anil
KS.iraiRJued herself

u, 11 " Lot him choo:

 “ ' Dicks.' ‘ Jacks ' and ' Bills '
 “Which is a
 , career,"
 ambitious little mother,
 self a woman of the
 r	Let him choose the right woman,

EJ^bem look up to him. * Make your
I *rith the woman, and the man will
plf'lSl*14 L-G. !' Oh. vcs: he must lie Dick

  fe * ^y -

he was born, in a Simla nursmg-
she gathered her last half-ounce of
together to point to the tltmsseau-
t*?11** of nainsook and torchon hanging
,, the brass rail of her bed.

**. • nurse." she whispered. ” Wrap
'l *** mother’s shift, and the girls will
k»t .! ^ superstition, but so im-

J **» her last gasp ; she left the child
|j •»<*,. tl'e young soldicr-father who. a year
lie,. P*>-1 his own toll to the Kmnre in a
l,T skirmish Baby Dick was bent
**4 * *0 a .Mr. Stubbs, the family lawyer,
tru>t« in charge of what money

* •

  V1* extremely little.

      '°to tlic quite comfortable Stubl»
 _	near Manchester, tiny Dick

*	to become “ one of themselves."

       Mrs. SiuhU he learnt to call
^•Ita *,nr the puny H*t tic-reared Anglo-
{VsT'* baby was first laid in her lap at

 i.’•fitf*1* "Inch would have been that of
         child had he lived ; and by some
         feminine miracle that sometimes
         t0 foster-inothers, she took the

soldier's orphan more closely to her bosom
than the two sons of her own blood. It
was a labour of love with Mrs. Stubbs to
see that this waif (" Look at his bonnie
eye*, dad 1 ’*) had everything " as nice as
his own poor mother could have wished.”

  I am afraid his own poor mother woalr
have been rather distressed at many things
in his upbringing among these kindly folk
who taught him to call a table-napkin a
" servyette." She would have ” minded *'
—and so would his father !—that there
was no chance of Dick's being sent to the
kind of preparatory school which—well,
in his family it had always been followed
(as the night the day) by public-school,
Sandhurst, and one or two regiments or so.
She would have taken as a tragedy
what the Stubbses took as a great blessing
—namely, that at sixteen, young Dick
had his start in life—a stool in the Man-
chester office with his foster-brothers Cecil
and Herbert Stubbs.

   (Generations of soldier-blood in the boy'a
'veins clamoured for a very different sort
of life. He read Kipling, and wished lie
knew somebody who could have talked to
him about his father in India. There
seemed no chance of his ever getting to do
so. ... It seemed as if his life-lines were
pretty definitely laid down, when he wa»
sixteen.

  At sixteen, too. he was in love—and
beloved. Now his mother (who had realised
early the imparlance of women to s son’s
career) would have felt that her last words
had been gasped out in vain. She had not
wished him to be luved by a girl like little
Connie Stubbs.

   Thin was Dick's first sweetheart. It u

Si
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

not true tbat boys never fall in love with
the girls with whom they are brought up.
The apple falls at the loot of the tree.
Again and again boys fall in lov* with the
girl who is there.

  Little Connie was boro two years after
Dick's arrival from India. The only girl
in a household of boys ! But Dick was
Her small Majesty's favourite slave. When
she was " a terror " for any one else, she
would be " good" for Dick, she would
" laugh for Dick " out of her bassinette.
Dick taught hcr to walk. They learnt to
read together. Dick's dusky cropped head
bent above the alphabet close to hcr pale
gold riuglets filleted with pale blue. She
had a funny lit tie way of smiling down at
the “ Royal Reader ” in delight when she
had put a word together quicker than tho
boy. Dick thought her lovely, and at
six brought all the pennies of his money-
box to buy her a birthday present of an
india-rubber duck.

  After that it was an institution. “ our
Connie’s birthday present." For weeks
every year Dick saved up for (I put them
in order) the rag-doll; The Teddies, one.
two, and three ; the paint-box; the glass-
lidded box of beads ; the sailor-dolly ; the
doll's tea-set; and the doll’s pram.’

  Then came the birthday on which
Connie came home from the holidays from
a school more expensive than that to which
the three boys had been sent. Her goldy
ringlets were no longer filleted, but tied
at the nape of her neck by a big sky-blue
how, and her dancing shoes had Louis heels
“ like lots of the girls.” Dick, who was
now going to the office, had already bought
her a pink satin hat for the biggest doll.
Quite suddenly he saw this would never do.
The woman at the toy-shop (usually dis-
obliging on principle) took it back without
a murmur, from Dick. He bought instead
a large bottle of White Rose in a case.

  From this moment little Conmc realised
that she loved Dick as a man She ceased
to kiss him, and began to smile at him,
a provocalivc downward smile, without
looking at him. She knew before he did
that he would, for this, give her anything
that she asked. She was not a thinker or
she might have given thought tothestrange-
ness of the little, little things whereby one
woman becomes different from others in a
man’s eyes.

  Upon her next birthday Dick’s gift was
a silver bangle with cowbells dang Ling ;
the birthday after, a brooch composed of
two swallows in turquoises, wings out-
spread aud beaks together. (She had now

begun to let him kiss hcr.) Her sevente
birthday saw her exclaiming over a si
gold chain to which there was attacl
a pendant a fat little gold heart.

  *’ That's mine" Dick muttered to
” It's all yours, you know."

  “ Oh. goodness," ejaculated little O
She didn’t know what else to sav. She
notasayer. But all was said as she t
upon this treasure her downward s:
shyness and ecstasy. . . .

  Her people said there was plenty of
to think about that sort of thing one
or the other. But on Connie’s eight*
birthday it seemed as if there might
be so much time any more. Dick's pre
was a brooch made of the badge of
regiment and he came to deliver it in '
and on draft leave, for this was in
Nineteen-Fourtecn. and he was for
the next week. He and Cccil and 1 ler*^
had enlisted together the day that
broke out.

  The picture that he carried away * ‘
him was of Connie’s small face up “’A*
window of her bedro-nn. looking after
and smiling, smiling pluckily. though
knew how those long lashes of here
wet above hcr tender. trouLling, dO*Tj
ward smile.

n

  In the new life he forgot her.	^

  That is he scribbled pent il-let****^
field postcards with great regularity * ^
the Front. But the home to which^f
sent them seemed to loom more and QJLf
shadowy through the smoke of war. ^
home people whom he dimmed up
“ love to all" became also shad®jfij
Connie was not a writer. " Ma. (jl3<
Stubbs, and little Connie grew. as . £
went on, less real to him than fcllo*^jM
his company, bound to him now by cfl^j
less ties of the common existence.

  Every household in Britain P^T^H
descriptions by letter or memory of ^
that existence was; so why parap^^i
them ? One incident of that ti®«
never put in anv letter.	,

  It was when he. with a gJ.thcri»^>
inud-coloured scalU».»g* ui	**1#

stripling officer were straggling /"vTjjrjj
down the chocolate-brown stream
been a road. B«*»»de that *tream
officer, less war-worn, cast a	j

asked curiously, " What mob are yo i
  The stripling set in command	\

and his comrades broke out passw‘*^
from over-strain:
Berta Ruck

L are yon calling a mob ? This is

|Sp's left of tho--s. and the ” —his

■aMftook —“ the absolute B«t that ever
°P the line.” His eves as he turned
met the understanding eyes of the
sol lier nearest to him—Dick.
g|*tly after thi<, the stripli 15 officer
to Dick the firmest reality in the
iraagoria of the new life. In rest-
f be asked Dick his name.

Jjr.H'fla/ ?" he exclaimed when Dick
EJMt. It was not a usual sort of name.
I^hich reason I omit it. “ Was your
Lj^nor by any chance an Indian Armv
Wasn't he killed in 'ninety-six ? "
R*«s. sir.” said Private Dick.
cS»* stripling officer, whose name was
le Breton, held out his hand. ” My
it was with him. He was his great
I’ve often heard him talk of him.
b isn't it ? "

[.Rather.'’ agreed Dick, shaking hands.

    tbe feeling that a curtain was going
  i?3 some fresh new act of his life.

     } *as.

ently young le Breton was urging
i to try for his commission. When a
so later Dick won it on the field.
Hgivcd congratulations not only from
Jubilant household in the North, but
f4charming letter from Mrs. le Breton.

    *	note from her husband the General.
^their pleasant home near Maidenhead,
.had heard so much from their Harry
Dj^the son of their old friend that they
to know him quite well. At the
J®rst opportunity he must come and
bis leave with them and they would
7»»g talks about old times in India,
bis leave, long anticipated saw
‘Lieutenant Dick not at Manchester
in a house that seemed incredibly
The General and his wife were
to tho son of their long-lost
told him it was " his father over
I* *** be camc into the Hall, told him
always look upon this as the
°f call ... At one* he loved it
‘j, * Mnvnphere of Indian associations.
Igunted hea<ls. its coloured numnahs
|g®»ketches by the Generals wife of a
that she had shared, one hot

■	with his own mother. . . . He felt
at home. . . .

Su*0 it was that Herbert Stubbs, who
Sot his commission, came back to

16	in Manchester without his foster-
Dick's letter of explanation ar-
^J®*t as the war-fatted calf was being
Ife a for the arrival of both the boys.
*n'l Mrs. Stubbs repeated several

times that it was natural after all that
Dick should want to go and look up these
new people who could tell him something
about his father and that pretty young
mother of his that Vhe boy had never
seen —" or her him. really.’’ as Mrs. Stubbs
added blowing her nose on her husband's
handkerchief, and conclnding that there
was nothing for anybody to mind.

  As for little Connie, she said nothing
and seemed absorbed in the humours of
Herbert's new mess as related by her
brother.

  Not even her mother knew that when
(after a leave-orgie at the theatre with
I Ierbert and some of his pals) the girl went
to h8T room, she did not undress quickly
and slip into bed.

  Instead, she opened a drawer and took
from it a card board-box containing some
battered-looldng dolls, part of a doll's
tea-set, and an ornate glass bottle that
had contained W'hitc Rose. The cow-bell
bangle, the swallow l»rooch, the plump
golden heart on its chain and the regi-
mental badge she was wearing as usual.
The other things she set on the bed. She
smiled, an uncertain, brooding downward
smile, upon them. once. Then dressed as
she was in her bright frock, the little
creature lay down. Without sobbing,
without sound or movement, she lay rigid
under the eiderdown, her sentimental relics
close beside her. Until the chill spring
dawn she lay. staring with an intensity
into the darkness, her inward eyes seeing
the face of Dick.

  Dick, who could already see nothing
but the face of another girl!—the proud
and sweet young face of his friend’s sister,
Sybil le Breton.

  Sybil was a fevclation to Dick be-
cause . . .

  Well, every young man in love tells you
that the girl has ” opened a new world ”
to him. Sybil, tall, slim, and a pearly-
skinned brunette, opened to this worshipper
the world of his mother. That pretty and
ambitious and prejudiced woman would
have summed up the situation by saying
that Sybil was the first " lady ” he ’had
ever known.

  Whereas Dick told himself that it was
because she was "just Sybil" that her
voice and ways and looks were different
from those of any other girl he had met.
He realised at once and hopelessly that he
loved her. The way she spoke to her
father ; the way she called the dogs ; hex
gesture as she touched, in passing, a bowl of
hyacinths set in fibre : the feel of her long

83
 Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

slender hand in his when she said good-
night ; the queenly little lift of her chin ;
her sweet direct eyes ; a tag of public-
school slang sounding quaintly on her lips
... all these he adored.

   Just as dear to him were her outlook on
all the tilings for which he cared, her pride
in her mcn-folk. her inclusion of himself
among her own people ; he felt that. . . .

   Her father, smoking after dinner, told
him casually that it was jolly here in the
summer when there would be tennis and
punting, even if it were a bit dull just now.

   " Dull, sir 1 " echoed poor Dick.

  For six nights of his leave the boy
reminded himself that he hadn't an earthly,
hadn't a brown, or any prospects, and that
as soon as he went away it “ must be Good-
bye—ee 1 ” to these hopeless dreams as
well as to the Princess of them.

   Still there were four precious days left
in which he might look at Sybil, might talk
and walk with Sybil, dance with Sybil to
the gramophone in the evening, run up to
town and do a matinde with Sybil. He
need not bother Sybil by letting her suspect
that he had made a young ass of himself.
That he determined.

   The boy proposed to her on the seventh
day of his leave.

   Immediately afterwards he admitted that
he had been mad, that he'd no right to say
a word, but that she was so lovely he
couldn’t help it, and that if she could give
him a little hope to go away with, he would
do his absolute dashedness to make good.

   Sybil gave him her direct gaze and said
quite simply and royally, " But 1 wished
you to. I care for you ! "

   Her people took it in the same spirit ;
her mother just saying. “ 'Poor Mabel s
l>oy ; how delightful ! " and her father.
" In these days one is quite thankful for OS
to keep together a bit ... " and Dick
was caught up so high into the seventh
heaven that he almost forgot to write and
tell them about it in the North.

  Manchester, which had become shadowy
before ever he met Sybil, was now a dream.

   Home " was Sybil—if only he could grow
worthy of her 1 As for little Connie, he
forgot her with the completeness of which
a young man is master at these moments.
At the beginning of his visit, memories
had occasionally come to Kim of the little
foster-sister, memories that showed her so
changcd 1 For in the light of the revela-
tion of Sybil he saw Connie as a pretty
little thing who dressed as if she came from
behind the glove counter at Ballings worth's
and who put on rather too much sccnt and

rather too many bits of cheap jc--^a
and who said " Lay down ! insteaij
" Lie down " to the kitten, who excl
■' Oh, goodness 1 " too often, and
called a table-napkin a " servyette."

  The Manchester people wrote pro
and conventionally, but kindly abo«**j
news. Connie didn't write, but then,
never had been a writer : he never,
anything but postcards and parcels
Connie. She sent her love and verV<
wishes in her mother's letter. And.
goodness, there was nothing in that,
all, about " shock " nr " losing hin*^

" forgetting poor old Ma.” He’d
little afraid of that. And now—
no, he wasn't hurt, far from it !
there wasn't anything. The Stul
not a family to put anything in
Dick concluded that the war,
changes everything, had got the Sto®
accustomed to the idea that a fost
is no relation and that he. Dick*
definitely left their nest.

  It might have been a war-wedding
he went back, but for leave being
cut short. Sybil's fiancd returned to
and Duty, with intervals of scribbling^*
letters—Sybil's letters were wonder* |
and of longing. ...

   He got no more leave until the fol*1
July. It was sick-l^ave after being
gassed. For once Dick blessed the ^
and from his Board he rushed off j°?
to Maidenhead and to Sybil, whonV^. j
had made queenlier and to the
tions for their wedding. Everybody,*,
agreed upon the wedding being 3* ^
The house was full of wedding-prese*1 j,/
new clothes. Dick, with Sybil. ^
taken leave from her hospital sPctsetl{
of the last hours of their engage*”^&
the green garden that sloped down . >
willows at the water's edge. 1*
halcyon time inde«d Sybil
how such delight could last as
Then, one day. came a cloud. I*
slight. *o carefully concealed. ***** *
would have noticed anything. e* j
woman in love.

  Sybil, looking at the h»n''.W>2*j|P
opposite her in the rocking punt. a»
lover that morning »hat the mat*^ jef*
He came out of the reverie t
hia Princess, in her fresh 8ref*Lc°

" Matter, darling ? Nothing-	-j

there be anything ? "	M.rm

  " Something is worrying yoa. Jeaf' (P.
Risted gently in the exquisitely
voice that sometimes found
she didn't think that he'd any *-a
Berta Ruck

 t. " Dick, there is something on
 mind. Is it money ? You know
 will be all right. Father is going to
 k that berth lor you the moment the

  ,, 3 over. And, anyhow-"

   Oh ! I know. I'm not worrying about
   ~y,” he declared. “ The money's
   ‘ to come, if I want it for You 1 ”

   ?he smiled reassured at his tone. "Then
   •“n't. Dick, that you don't care for me
   ®>Och as you thought you did when you

.*He said, seriously and adoringly. " I seem

 *	.Ilare f°r you a thousand times more."

 ., Then." she said in hcr delicious voice,
 tell me exactly what it is that's
 |E“J* wrong this morning. For I know
 is something. What is it ? ’*

 ^t this he made a movement as if he
 l*1* throwing oil some light burden and
 g®g it before her to see.

 It's just this." he confessed. “ To-day
 . I was looking at the calendar again,
 ,7s1 to see for myself how many dates I’d
 (you know now how" I've been
 wj^ing out the days till our wedding). 1
 i* it was the thiril of August. Well, you
 that's little Connie's birthday—
 ^aie Stubbs, my foster-sister."

   Oh yes.” said Sybil very gently. She
   heard a little about Connie and she
   guessed a good deal more.

 said, " Every year up to now I've
 go a present to the kid. Last August
 a souvenir shell-case. This year I
 forgot about everything, of course
 somehow, when I remembered, 1
 i to sec hcr Uttle face—she's such a
 . »U blank and disappointed because
 ?*dn't thought of her.”

   My dear boy 1 " said Sybil quickly. " if

s all-1 Of course she must have a

   . »t. Isn't the house full of presents ?
   ** go in now and choose something for
   °«t of onr wedding-presents ; and you
   8»vc it her on her birthday after all.
   ®Pto Manchester this afternoon—you'll
   *here for dinner—and come back to-
   ow morning. It's the simplest thing
   world I"

 ^ck said. ” It is to yon. There's no-
 hke you, Sybil, in the world.”
 y-’Wc and choose," she smiled. They
 lhe punt and went into the house to
 in the drifts of tissue paper and
 cases. Dick's first choice was of a
 _ heart-shaped photograph frame that
 “ looked" rather like Connie.

Sybil said quickly. " You can't give her
that ; my dear thing, she sent it to us /
Look, here's this little Indian hand mirror ;
this is rather sweet, and besides they always
say that the gift of a mirror that a woman
has had brings luck to the next owner.
Take her this, Dick."

  Dick said. " It's topping, but can you
spare it ? " " Hut of course.” said Sybil,
and she added inwardly. " If 1 can spare
him for all those hours ! But I owe hcr
this one last time—poor litt le child I "

  Taking the wedding-present that was to
be a birthday-gift, Dick went off to Man-
chester. His" last look back at Sybil
showed her standing on the white steps of her
home ; her green gown suiting the delicate
dignity of her Ggurc as its foliage suits the
birch. A gracious sight she was. . . . Her
last look gave his salute and the worshipping
turn towards her of his handsome eyes.

  It was the last time she was to see them.

  He went, with her offering to the girl
who was ten times less than she in beauty,
brain, breeding, and all else but one thing.

  That one thing, what was it ? Was it
part of the temperament that could let
little Connie lie tense and tearless, fully
dressed, through the night to ache for him ?
Was it the single-mindedness that knew no
pride in anything but him, no interest, no
delight ? What spell of years past lent
magic to her bodily presence as soon as he
was in her sight once more ?

  For Dick did not return next morning as
he had arranged. That evening Sybil le
Breton got his expressed letter, curt with
the curtncss of a man profoundly agitated.

  " I can never ask you to forgive me.”
Dick wrote. ” As soon as I got back home
and saw her little face I knew it would have
to be Her and not you, and so we were
married this morning "

  As Sybil guessed, he had shown this letter
to his wife.

  Little Connie had read it silently,
seriously. Only as she turned away—and
how should Sybil guess this ?—there had
crossed her face the expression with which
she had Rreeied Dick's svdden appearance the
day before. It was her child’s look ol
triumph, her young-girl's look of shyness
and rapture, her woman’s look—that
haunting, withheld, mysterious, secret and
stirring Downward Stnile.

*5
B\k?/P

DOROT

 jfluthor of
 now irnts

< OjJ.

   “ ZU waa a .'mat. there/or r her moral (tanjpoial wu ki h. to I Zia 1
   lamptsd. Lung Hi want caroluJIr and ■rrtamaticalli la work."

and therefore la «-

I

PAK had never made warm friends,
therefore no one was sorry for Pak.
" Pak of Pennyfields ” was how he
was known in the East of London, where he
had lived ever since landing in England
some tight years ago.

  How nervously happy he had been, how-
important and excited I Both emotions
had been hidden to the best of Pak's
ability, for did not Zia. his wonderful bride,
look up and depend absolutely on her man.

  Zia was then a little young thing of
sixteen, Pak was a man in his twentieth
year, so of course it behoved him to show
Zia what a pillar of strength she had to lean
on in this new country where he had
brought her. so far. far from Poland.

 Poland, where Jews were not human
beings, but merely c.umberers of the earth.

  Now. here in England Pak was a man,
and Zia a woman.

  And as a man, Pak was to die in a few
hours' time

  It was not of his approaching end that
ho thought, rather his mind dwelt on the
only true comrade he had ever known, his
little son, Jacob.

  Tho father's heart swelled as h* recalled
the beauty and cleverness of small Jacob.

" That little one would have been a great

£

 man," he smiled, and then the smile 1
 the softness left Pak’s eyes, his dimin°^u
 frame stiffened, involuntarily his
 tensed

involuntarily
he held them crooked before

WOIB

 his lips drew back banng his teeth in a
 Pak. nlone in his prison cell, lived agai® ;
 last minutes of his freedom, befof0j9
 police--- 1 Ah well. Jacob would
 been eight years of age had he lived. . aH
 " My son is a English little fellar. he
 bom here," Pak had been proud of
 dudng Jacob to all and sundry with
 remarks.

   It was true enough, the babe had
 to rejoice the live* of his parent*
 months from the time they left I'oUuw
 had settled in Crutch Walk, U'hitech*jg|
 in a room (a whole room to the»»*J*^J*
 that had been rented to the husband^,
 wife by Nicolas Markovitch (v^cond c° ^
 to Pak) in Nicolas's own house, over
 own shop.	,0l

   Nicola-, was a big man. Pak was prD“_r3t
 him He was not only large of build, a
 ' broad chap. with huge shoulders and e
 mous head, but he was rich as well; ,nb0at
 the only things that were
 Nicolas were his eyes, hi* mind. »•
 moral sense, but the rest of his ma
 compensated for lack of greatness in e'
 mind, and morality.	%

   Nicolas not only rented Pak and

S6
Dorota Flatau

  Jo®

     hut paid Pak as much a* twelve
     h shillings a week to work for him.

  Si	extracting three of these shillings
  in payment for the six by-eight attic
  Pwhjch the happy husband and wife lived
  sSjWntcmedly as though the panes in the
  PjjWs were" unbroken, the paper did not
  in damp strips from the narrow walls,
  the ceiling did not sag menacingly in

y spot*.

they had a room, a home to them-

 sy looked into one another’s eyes and

and the large Nicolas had personally
ucted them to the attic, and after
tng on his generosity to this poor
j^-in of his from Poland, had left them
■Wbcir two neat bundles (which contained
worldly goods) in this Paradise,
jC^aned with a three-legged chair, a candle
!*• and on the floor a straw mattress.

«k's gratitude had been supreme; he
from sun-up till midnight, and
,ea Liter, in order to give Nicolas
lull worth of the generous wage he paid
£' *he stitching of men's suits, which were
In® to great ail vantage in the shop.

  Kp those early days, before the coining of
  Jacob, zia too had helped with her
  HP*, sitting very close to her little hua-
  H?® whcrt- they could whisper words of
  [JJ^ and hope to one another. Nicolas had
  i jj Men pleased at the arrival of the baby,

  I flight interfere with work.

 *	1 1 not tcl* V°u 1 lct y°u have

Hg*y live in my room," he growled, when
I* Jgpjpy father told of the great event.
E a nice baby, ’e very quiet, just 'im go
vjoo no cry,” pleaded Pak
Vm .'el!' you pay me a 'alf shilling more,
st*,y•'' ct>n3cnlcd the generous

U? tears in his eyes Pak called down
on the head of his relative, and
i^,ng the tiny morsel of humanity from
« Mother, proudly carried it to gladden
•.^?es of Nicolas.

got a fonny mark on Vs 'cad." was
jEP^vUch’s only comment as he gazed

I	T^sly at the baby.

  ^ Jhat a good Incky mark; 'e be a clever
  W-	asserted Pak ytoutly. softly

         t»ie large brown mole that showed
g|	juit abuiv the chiM'a left

I*ak worked hard-r than ever, his
gjgg. «imply flew over the work, as he
dreams of a future when little
*0014 become big Jacob, and show
what a really clever man could do.
Pak became almost rig itened

Srandiloqaeace of hia own ambitions

for this son of hi*; he pictured Jacob as
even owning a shop oi his own, similar to
that of the great Markovitch. But these
romantic thoughts were told to no one but
Zia. and even to her only in the lowest of
whispers.

  Little Jacob inherited his mother's great
soft eyes, which had so thrilled Pak when he
first mot his Zia—large, brown, appealing
eyes that, set in Zia’s lovely oval face,
called to all who saw them. Even Nicolas
himself was not impervious to their allure,
nor indeed to the girl-wife's whole beauty,
for beautiful Zia certainly was. Her clear
skin of olive tint, with the very scarlet lips
that go with such a complexion, the masses
of soft hair, black as the wing of a raven,
growing low down on a smooth, broad fore-
head, the sensitive nostrils of a perfectly
shaped nose, tiny cars and hands, all
helped make Zia the lovely woman she was.
There would come into the narrow eyes of
Nicolas an evil gleam when he encountered
Zia; her slender figure with its gently
swelling bust and hips did not escapc his
notice.

  Zia was a Polish Jewess, therefore from
cruel necessity she was not innocent; she
knew the meaning of such expression as she
saw in the coarse, voluptuous face of Nicolas
Markovitch; but she loved her little husband
and adored her precious babe, and held her
peace, whilst she skilfully endeavoured to
avoid their landlord as much as possible.

  " You stay up in the room too much, you
be ill. you come out for walking,” Nicolas
invited one day on meeting Zia as she came
into the shop to bring back some work
Pak had just completed.

  •* I no sick, t'ank you. Nicolas.” she
replied timidly.

    You come." It was half invitation,
hall command.

  ” I no leave my baby.” Zia placcd the
work on the counter, and edged nervously
back towards the rickety stairs.

  "That bratl” Nicolas was irritated
" You leave 'im, ’e sleep."

  ” 'E wake up, cry for me. ’is muma.”
explained Zia

  ” Pak attend to 'im. you come." scowled
Nicolas.

  " Pak must be busy with 'is work.

  “ Just like I knew, a big fool was I. a
soft- earted big fool, to 'ave Pak in my
work with a baby Childrens ia no good
for work."

  Nicolas was really annoyed, and Zia
trembled.

  What if she aod Pak were turned out into
the street with baby Jacob I

*7
Hutchinson's Story Magazine

  " Me, I go ask Pak." she soothed, and
Nicolas nodded assent.

  " I mind the little fcllar. it do you good,
my Zia, to go out nice walkin' with Nicolas,"
smiled Pak. pansing for the fraction of a
precious minute to look lovingly at his wife
and to steal a glance at the child, who lay
peacefully sleeping on the coarse mattress,
close to where Pak sat cross-legged with a
pile of clothing ready to be stitched along-
side him.

  Several times during the hour that
followed the father indulged in the luxury
of an adoring gaze at the head of black
silken curls, and each time his eyes fell on
the curious brown mole over his son's left
temple he smiled ; that distinctive mark
pleased him. he never failed to kiss it when
he held the child in his arms. “ Ah h, that
Nicolas is a good fellar. 'e 'ave a big 'cart.
God is good, even 'elp the Jew." communed
Pak, and his simple heart sent up a prayer
of thanksgiving

  The babe was awake when Zia returned
Hushed and excited from her unusual
excursion,

  " Wc been a long walk, up the Commer-
cial Road." rushing to pick up her baby,
smothering him with kisses, 3s she scanned
him with anxious eyes, for this was the
first time she had left little Jacob for more
than a few minutes.

  " Nicolas ‘e make me 'ave some wine in
a nice glass, 'e say it do me good " And
hitting down on the mattress, with her
babe in her arms, " It make me feel all
fonny aud giddy." she explained.

  " That Nicolas is a wise one, 'c is a good
chap," applauded Pak Then a most
phenomenal thing occurred. Pak dropped
his work !

  " Zia, my Zia. W beautiful you are I " he
breathed.

  “ What ! Oh, you grow silly, my little
"usband." but Zia laughed well pleased at
the praise.

  “ Your eyes they shine like great stars,
and you ‘ave pink in your cheeks like the
new sun that come up through the window
iu the morning. Oh. my Zia. my wonderful
darling,"

  Pak worked until after midnight, to atone
for the five minutes' spell he had given him-
self in which to worship the mother and
child—his whole world

II

  The first tiny black spot appeared on the
horizon ol l-'ak's happiness when he found
Zia crying on the stairs one day I le insisted
on knowing tbe cause. Zia had completely

broken down and confessed that N
was making her life unbearable by his
desired attentions.

  Small as he was, Pak faced the
Nicolas in a fury of rage, commanding t
his wife be left in peace.

  “ That is the way. Always one see*
begger ou ‘orseback’, 'e get too saucy
'is place. You get out of ’ere. You
quick, or I lack you out. See. I 'ate
and I 'ate your kid with 'is bad mark
'is 'cad. See ? "

  Pak's fury increased to blind rage at1
insult to his son; he grew livid and ®*
with the strength of his emotion as
hurled insults and threats at the eq
angry Markovitch.

  " I put you before the door. You go,
I send for policemans," had been the
words Pak heard from his cousin,
he rushed up the crazy stairs, and gat
together the family belongings along
Jacob and the frightened Zia. had c
them all out into Crutch Walk.
Commercial Road, eventually landing
in Sydney Street, where he found
in the house of a Lascar, who kept a
ing house mainly for his own

 Pak soon found work, but he was

P“!>" -----

to go out to his tailoring, and that

leaving Zia and Jacob alone for sixteen
eighteen hours out o t every twenty-fouJVj
Zia’s beauty had increased with y* ..
until now she was too dangerously attf*1

tive to be left alone.	__

  With a heavy heart Pak had been
to abandon his job in order to guard ^
wife. The next few years were tryiaS
lor the F*>hsh Jew; he grew more and
nervous, and looked ten years older
he really was,

  Farther and farther Hast drifted the' '
until thev landed up in Castor Street.
on to Penny fields.	(ry.

  Here. Pak got work in a Chinese lain* ^
where the (at and suave owner. L**fj

WM gracious enough to accord the®
ings, plus a small remuneration.

on

 k»ir

  tv

   in

premises of the laundry itBclf. ^ ^
was large and slow moving, his slant - ^
appeared to see nothing, he wore »
chin beard and drooping	to

Unlike bis compatriots who had drift
Pennyfields. he had not altogether^
country
ever to be seen without a

 carded the dress of his country, nor
 ever to be seen without u **5* " bic>
 black skull cap, and an orange cord^

he wore round hi* neck—an
that hung far down, reaching to	<

>ul<» " ,

 paunch. His stoutness in China woe

88
Doroia Flatau

 1 marks

      greatly esteemed as adding to his
   aIy beauty.

. lang Hi did a thriving trade, both with
j®* laundry and devious tradings.

seldom spoke, and never showed
ment. not even when he got the big
•jn Puk-a-pue by hitting on the whole
which gamblers were allowed to
for the sum of one shilling. Lung
not an individual to be overlooked ;
onality, allied to his success at
money, gave him quite a standing
my fields.

t had accepted this employment in
andry as a desperate means to ward
} starvation that threatened his small
uy. and at the same time keep them
, under his protection.

Only for a little short time, my Zia."
J^sured his wife; " soon, oh very soon I
[find me another job with the tailoring,
Will work 'ard and make much, much
for you and that big clever rascal

   I think me it would 'ave been better
   ‘ad not been such a fool with that
   Nicolas." grumbled Zia. for the bitter
   „£* had been full of hardships.

^Xot that, Zia my heart,” pleaded Pak
is one devil dog. 'e would ‘ave
•you from ma. and from our Jacob."
*«ot any one in the world could take me

    *	my baby," declared Zia fiercely, pick-
       son up in her arms and holding him

mummie stop with daddy and me."
■B®J*cob. patting her checks with his tiny

  JVuh a tender smile Pak leaned over and
I '1 the “ lucky mark " on the boy's
i^mple.

first Zia worked with Pak at the
board It was here she made friends
E*6 Beela. the fair haired girl-woman of
her own age who. having drifted into
ls.no one quite knew or cared how.
•tarried a Chinaman She spoke like
and doubtless was one. but
expansive enough on most subjects
*et*mod a careful reticence as to her
slenM.

_Jhe Chinks is all right if you treat them

      *	she confided to Zia as the two
      side by side with a do«sn or so young
      *n •• 1 am married to one and 1
      fc*en married to a white man. so
      tht ter know." she asserted with

           be’ave best to you. Beela ? "
   T'l *a curiously.

*m't much to etioose; a white will

black your eye, while a Chink will cut your
b-throat." stated Beela calmly.

   " You no frighten of Chinaman. Beela ? ”

   " I ain't frightened of man nor monkey."
bragged Boela ; " you only got to know ow
to manage 'em. and they're simple as
drinkin' gin. If you've took up with a
white, keep out of 'is way when 'e's in
drink. If you've took up with a Chink,
there's some things you got to remember
if you don't want 'is k'life acrost your
throat. One thing is. don't talk to a Chink
before twelve o'clock, "specially if 'e's goin’
to 'avo a flutter at Fan-Tan; if you're 'is
own bloomin' wife, and you're bein' mur-
dered. 'e won't come to your 'elp if it's
before twelve o'clock, not '»m ; let you die.
'e will. Them silly Chinks thinks it's bad
luck for a woman to speak to ’em before
midday." And so Beela imparted wisdom
as she had learned it in the East End. whilst
Zia listened spell-bound.

   Pak did not approve of the sudden friend-
ship that had sprung up between his wife
and Beela. but it would have been difficult
to stop it on account of their enforced pro-
pinquity ; he consoled himself continually
by asserting that he " would soon find
another job."

  But month after month crept by. and
still found lum in the employ of Lung
Hi.

  At first Lung Hi appeared to disregard
Pak and his family; they were good worker*,
so he paid them as he did any other toiler
in his laundry. Then gradually he began to
pay some attention to Jacob: many a time
he would slip a copper into the tiny hands
for sweets. But in spite of his generosity,
the boy was too like his father in character
to readily make friends: he would stand of!
and stare, with large, brown, fascinated
eyes, at the fat Chinaman, and most of all
at the bright orange cord Perhaps it was
the gaudy colour that caught the baby
eye and held it; but whatever it was. little
Jacob could not keep lus gare from the cord
whenever he was in Lung Hi’s vicinity.

   ** You like it. eh f ’’ l.ung Hi asked the
boy one day. touching the cord that hung
on his cheat.

  " Yes." nodded Jacob.

  •* Maybe I give it you one day. btme-
by." and Lung Hi smiled.

  Now Lung Hi's smile was something to
be feared; it was a very slow widening of
his mouth, his eyes never smiled

  With a temfied shnek of " Dadd*I"
Jacob took to Ins heels, and rushed to lus
father’s side.

  " What the matter with you ? " asked

8q
 Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

Pak, placing his iron carefully on the stand,
before stooping down to his son.

  " N-nothing," confessed Jacob.

  " Nothing I Then why you cry out, why
you all tremble, tell too that ? ” Pak looked
anxiously at the little chap. who only shook
his head as he clung close to his father.

  " Where is muramie ? " he asked.

  *' Mummie gone with Bcela for walking,"
and Pak sighed, Zia was often away with
Bcela these days. " You be good boy, sit
here, and I give you ha'penny,” he coaxed,
pushing back the silky black curls in order
to caress the •• lucky mark."

  “ Tell me about the garden with the
flowers, daddie,” begged the child, seating
himself obediently out of the way of the
ironers. As Pak worked, he spoke of the
garden he had conjured out of his vivid
imagination to please little Jacob, whose
eyes and soul were starved for the softness
and colour he loved from hearsay alone,
for Jacob had never seen a garden, ex-
cepting through his father's eyes.

  Whenever the highly strung boy was
wakeful or feverish, he could always be
soothed to rest, and sleep, by word painting
of beauty and colour.

  Now he listend intently, as his parent told
him of magic fields covered with soft green
grasses, all damp with dcwdrops, of little
blue flowers, the colour of stars, of big red
roses, pink roses, white roses, as soft as his
own mummies satiny cheek.

  " And could I touch them, daddie ? ”
pleaded Jacob breathlessly.

  ” Touch them ! Why, you pick, one. two,
t'ree, many as you like, they all yours.
And small yellar flowers like gold-"

  ” Like Lung Hi's cord ? ”

  " Yes. like Vs cord, and you make a lot
of them in a necklace, one for you, and one
for your mother, and they smell so sweet,
they send you bye-bye, and when you wake
up—hi ! you see a lot new flowers the good
God drop down for you to play with. Then
j'ou walk over a small hill, and you come to
the big blue sea--”

  ” Like the canal, daddie ? " Jacob
shrank a little, for the dark, turgid water at
Duke’s Wharf, through Liinehouse Hole,
where ho so often played, both fascinated
and terrified him.

  " Yes. but more beautifuller,” Pak assured
him.

    No, no, 1 like the garden best.

  Smilingly Pak abandoned the sea, and
reverted to glowing descriptions of such a
garden a3 has never been seen outside of
heaven, while the beauty-loving child hung
on his every w»ri.

  As Pak talked, his thoughts were
Zia Where was she ? Where was
leading her ? The little Jew's heart
heavy.

  " You go and ask the old blighter toj
us ’ave 'alf an hour ofi, Zia,” Bcela
snggest; " ’e likes you all right, 'e '11 le*1

  ” Why you not ask 'im ? ” Zia hail™
first objected.

   " I ain't 'is first fav'rite 'ere ; you're
all right.” the astute Beela assured her,

  ” 1 not want to leave my Jacob."

  " You're fair balmy about that
Pak '11 look after 'im." And gradually*®
had allowed herself to be persuaded
begging for half-hours off with her f *

  At first Lung Hi scarcely seemed to
heard Zia’s timid requests; a mere n<X*
his head was the only answer he gave,
eyes, as they looked at Zia, appeared si “
and duller than ever. These half-
grew into hours, then into half-days,
sometimes whole ones. Still Lung H«
nothing. Perhaps he did not notice
girls' absence; at any rate Pak hoped
did not. for he became increasingly fe*j
of losing his job.	^

  On her return from these jaunt* •1,/rr'*L
Pak noticed, with a strong feeling ol
easiness, that Zia appeared changed;JF3
would be cither wildly excited, or so
and irritable that it would be r.nwis* •
even speak to her.	v

  But in whatever condition she lAinejS
her first thought was always for her c*11 '
whom she would pet and fondle and
over, telling him that " whatever h.\pfe^
his mummie would always love him. . /
never, no never, leave him.”	_jj89

  " When daddie get rich I go to a
and make you a yellow necklace
(lowers, and one for me, and on® |
daddie." promised Jacob.

  Zia laughed as she kissed the
mark.”	Jgt

  "You looking very fashion in tha*
blouse, my Zia; where you get it ? .>aft.

  " Beela give it me; she got a K004* 1
that Beela.” Zia assured her husband- , •*

  " Where you go to much with Beel*

  ” We go look at shops, and go
that's all." frowned Zia. ” If I not go* ^1
her. I not see any life; you work. «'<*r pot
tbe time, not take me nowhere. -°r po»
take Bcela to sec the pictures.” S’!S
was the Chinaman on whom Bee*®
chosen to bestow her favours.

  " I soon find another job. tben MjSlg
more money, and take you to see p
Pak protnucd bravely ” I Irigbteo*®

9°
 i give us the sack when you always out,"
  „aPologised timidly.

    Not 'im. ‘e never notice." scoffed Zia;
 g® only that Pak was so intent on his
 B“"Jg. he might have remarked his wile's
 ,'J2*Qous smile as she made this statement,
 knowing look at the fat Chinaman
 ^ Pnetor, who sat sphinx-like at the door
 bW laundry, as usual appearing to hear
 nothing.

Ill

 1^43 a long time before Pak began to
 *jJCe that Lung Hi was most often absent
 Zia was not in the laundry. Then a
 I	word drifted to his ears, coupling

 R^Oe of his wife with that of Lung Hi's.
 . ne two had been seen together entering
 j^ture palace—at least, so it was said ;
 livPak knew that could not he true, for Zia

 5**er

 It

 jl^lf had told him sire had gone on the
 Bjtoon in question with Beela. a state-
 15”* which ii ela garrulously and firmly
 tj** to. and so Pak’s uneasiness was
 ®?d-

 ^■8*** first quarrel between husband and
 ^ c tame when he begged her not to accept

 I	®**>y expensive gifts from Beela.

      while hotly refusing tliis request.
 Eg. taunted him bitterly with his in-
 ^J*ty to give her presents himself.

 me ^aV ^ Ret a better job. then I
 » * you everything, my Zia." The little
 K? *°°ked up at his beautiful wife, who
 grown several inches taller since he
 LS? br°ught her to England, and now
 ,.^ed above her small husband.

 ^ better job I" she scoffed. ■ • You say
 tor a long time, and you don’t get

    •• .

 tj** most keep this one till I find sorne-
 w 3 else. I must pay for Jacob for 'is
 Ik . tor ‘is clothes." he explained
 Iq. 1*tstful pathos in Pale s eves both hurt
 C«*rtUted Zia; she flung hen

                       flung herself out of
   j. -—dry. and up Pennyfickls.

•j **°t resentment against life generally.

 jjj, hot resentment against life generally
 m particular, filled her heart
 E^she was twenty-three years of age now.
 BLP°8sesaed of a tierce longing for excite-
 by J-*°r the good things of life, as judg*d
 «tandard of the women with whom
 pretty clothe*, bits of jewellery.
 Vj* to music-hall* and cmema-shows.
 istHj,’' m brilliantly lighted bar rooms, and
 KP and talk with other plexsure-seckcn*
 ‘t Pak could not give these things to
 i®theri would, and did.

 HB*»?ld her head high, and unconsciously
 Vjd “ the curious. heavy, bitter odour that
 E^*Otmd the f^ssage which she entered.

Dorota Flatau

After roughly brushing aside two young
Chinamen who lounged on the door-step.
without a pause she ascended the short
flight of steps, and opening a door passed
into a poorly lighted, sparsely furnished
room, where the several Chinamen who were
seated tranquilly smoking did not even
look up at her as she entered. It was
Lung Hi who handed her a pipe, and after
a whiff or so Zia's discontent and impatience
left her. she sat as quietly and dreamily
as the other occupants of the room.

  Lung Hi. fingering his orange neck-cord,
watched her with unfathomable eyes. He
wanted this woman, he must have her. he
would have her; his eyes were almost closed,
the tip of his tongue licked his upper lip
under the straggly moustaches, his liands
opened and closed very slowly.

  Lung Hi had demanded nothing from
Zia when he presented her with money,
clothes, jewellery, or took her to music-haUs
and other amusements, which Pak credited
to Beela's generosity. No. Lung Hi was
too thorough, too cunning to make a
demand ; he hinted, lie requested, and took
Zia's rebuffs good-naturedly, while he
studied the question.

  Zia was a Jewess, therefore her moral
standpoint was high, but Zia was a woman
and therefore to be tempted Lung Hi
went carefully and systematically to work.

  Beela had quite unconsciously come to
his assistance ; Lung Hi gloated secretly
when he saw the two girls going ofi arm-in-
arm on their perfectly innocent jaunts.

  The first time he allowed himself to meet
them he merely spoke a few good-natured
words and passed on. Gradually these
seemingly accidental encounters happened
more and still more often, and the few
words grew into conversations. Then be
took to accompanying them on their excur-
sions, until Zia scarcely remarked the
first time she and Lung Hi met with no
Beela present.

  Nowadays Zia seldom saw Beela. but
it was seldom she did not spend an hour
or so in Lung Hi's company, not out of
any affection tor the fat Chinaman, but
because he had accustomed her to look to
him for any little luxury she wished to
possess; she had but to ask. Lung Hi gave
willingly.

  Lung Hi. squatting on the wooden bench
in this silent, darkened room, watched Zia,
who. seated on a low stool, sat with arms
hanging listlessly by her sides, her head
bent on her chest; and decided that such
a prize was well worth all the tune and
thought h» had given, although, so fax

9*
 Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

Zia had given him nothing but an occa-
sional smile and many hours of her company.

  It was not Pak who stood in Lung Hi's
way, nor was it only Zia's rigid sense of
morality. The real block in the path was
Jacob. Zia would do nothing that might
liarm her son, or tliat might lead to her
losing him. Then—Lung Hi's mouth
widened in a slow grin—Jacob must be got
rid of.

  After this decision he took to studying
the boy, and often Jacob would look up
from his play, down at Duke's Wharf,
where he spent much time in fishing up
pieces of chalk and driftwood from the
foul water, to see Lung Hi standing silently
fingering the orange cord, and watching
him.

  The ugly whispers coupling Lung Hi's
name with that of Zia’s grew to loud con-
temptuous talk, until Pak was driven well-
nigh crazy. He took to doing without some
of his already too sparse meals, in order to
save enough money to justify him in taking
an hour off from the laundry, to hunt up
another job. “ Another job " would surely
give him back his former happiness, would
break down the wall that had impercep-
tibly grown between him and his wile.
By living on a starvation diet, and working
feverishly, he managed to save ten shillings;
only then did he feel justified in leaving the
ironing board late one afternoon, in order
to seek new work. He told no one of his
plans, but, waiting until the kindly dusk
of five o'clock on an autumn afternoon,
that would help to hide from a prospective
employer his extreme shabbiness. Pak
crammed an old oue-time-black hat on his
head and stealthily crept forth from the
laundry.

   It was the first time for many a day that
he had gone more than hall a dozen yards
from the place of his toil. He felt a wild
excitement take possession of.him. He
would succecd, lie must succeed- He
smiled as he pictured Zia's face when he
informed her that her little husband had
gained a more remunerative position. He
felt very sure of himself, anti planned that
out of his very first new wages he would
take Zia anti Jacob on Saturday niyht to a
picture-palace, a delight of which he had
only heard, for so far he had not been in a
position to afford the luxury of a visit to
one of these halls of wonderful entertain-
ment.

  Keeping close to the wall, he trotted
swiftly along, for all the world like a stray
dog that fears a cuff or a kick.

  It was to the shop of one Mauvevitch

that he was bound ; he had heard that
Aaron Manievitch was in need of ef
hands, and surely he would not ref‘-
take so skilled a workman as Pak
services.

  Then he saw a sight that froze his
heart, that caused him to stand as t‘
petrified. His mouth and eyes o
wide, liis body sagged sideways, as he
and stared at his wife, his Zia, co.
laughing along, with Lung Hi.

  He could not move, he could not
his head shook back and forth as t
he had been stricken with a palsy.

  He stood rooted to the spot until
after the two had passed out of
Neither of the couple had seen him,
thought, but Lung Hi’s eyes missed no

  Pak felt his head turning round
round; he leaned against the wall, hi®
closed. How long he remained thH'1
never knew, but it was almost dark *
his errand forgotten, he turned to
his steps. His face was wet with the ®
that in his weak state had rushed u
from his eyes.

  All unconsciously he found his feet
carried him through Limehouse Hole, £
to Duke's Wharf; of course he wanted
little comrade Jacob, and there he
the child, lying flat on bis stomach,
down into the thick yellow water of
canal, crooning softly to himself.

  That night had marked the begin*1®!
of the end.

  When he spoke to Zia of what he
seen, she did not even trouble to deny 1
“ What about it ? There is no
Lung Hi walkin' 'ome with me if we ’»PH
to meet, is there ? " demanded Zia

   " I not like it, Zia my own ; you ai* %
beautiful, too good, to be with 'im. * ..j«
work 'ard and buy you nice things ” j
very soul was in his eyes as lie spoke-, ■*
" Me. I am dead before that ’appen^
sneered Zia.

  “ No. I get me a good job-;

   Zia's raucous laughter interrupted *•
he bowed lus head in liis hands and ■rv£*
'' You not a man, Pak. you cry-^ Jas
always poor " Zia's brows met in a wjd
she stood looking down at the cn’^ j
figure of her husband, with a sen^
despair and discontent.

  *' I not poor—look. Zia. I got
Tremblingly he displayed his ***?'}•
meals. in the shape of ten shining
" Ten bob ’* Zia's eyes opened
“ Yes, you take it. you 'ave it
Zia my own,” he begged. Then, as h« P“ ^ jll
the money into her willing palm. **

92
Dorota Flatau

 :>?]« Lung Hi walkin' with you again, mv
 PJ* he begged.

  U 'Jn, the fat old Chink's all right, 'c not
  n*c no 'arm.” evaded Zia.
  jJ*®™ that moment Pak hated Lung Hi,
  ffLung Hi knew it He smiled ; it was not
  L*i' the miserable undersized ironer, he
  J1* his thoughts over, but Jacob.

 !jjT”ng Hi knew that Jacob was the link
 kept the desirable Zia chained to

     •ability.

 vr-n Jacob disappeared !
 q®* child failed to put in an appearance
 gening. With a feeling of growing un-
 ^3® Pak waited for his son. All the
 he worked, his ears listened, and his

 II	hatched for the coming of the boy.

 -1 was not until ten o'clock that night.

  1 Zia returned to the laundry, that Pak
  “J how he had been waiting for hcr
  __ not for herself alone, but because
  thought she would bring their child
  -« )|^|>

    Where is Jacob ? " he asked.

  ,, *■_> bed I s'pose." replied Zia.

      'e not come ’omc.“

    «ot 'ome ? Where 'c go to ? " she asked

  - 7*y

    *	not know.

 % God. that little fellar out this late
 oy 'imself! " Zia turned and rushed
 the door, quickly followed by Pak
 i“en began a mad search for the missing

 ■gjjjnight k>ng. and the whole of the
 (Ian’s, the father and mother
 ^Sot for their lost sou. No one had seen
 ^ 1,0 one 0011,11 E*ve them any news of

 Jhe whole of Penny fields showered sym-
 l^r on the grief-stricken mother. Pak

£ky

insignificant to trouble about.
yr days at a time the father searched
*U i ^tilc Jacob without ever returning to
V^Bdrj'. until at l-ist the police. finding
jJjyuiR unconscious on the pavement.

|P~d him to the hospital,
fcu** <ras twenty-eight years of age. he
nearer fifty when he was discharged
O'**hospital Creeping slowly along. his
k atone seemed to live as they again
the search for his little comrade, his
,!f*ieod in the world.

                      feet carried him back
                      Zia greeted him with-

E-Y	,n ,nc WOT|

lfc«P]*'*rds evening his
Sj ^nmlr v where i

enthusiasm. The loss of her son had
morose and bitterly reckless Now
KjF*nt openly abroad with Lung Hi, and

K**** no comment Listlessly he re-
Kry lor a few houis a day to his Ironing
but most often he wandered the

streets, looking, looking, always looking for
a tiny form with a mop of silky black curls.
Most of all he haunted Duke's Wharf, for
this had been the little chap's favourite
playing-ground.

  Then there came that evening when he
found himself lying fiat on his stomach, as
lie remembered having seeing Jacob doing,
looking down into the sullen, thick water,
trying to conjure up the sights that must
have met the baby eves.

  " What is it you see. my little son ? Tell
your daddie," he coaxed softlv. as though
the child was really there, and your daddie
tell you about pietty garden. Sure you
go to pretty garden, sure ! You got lucky
mark, you go soon to- Christ ! "

  The man's heart came up into his throat,
the water ran unheeded from his mouth
over his parched lipa on to his chest, his
breathing came in sibilant whispers, there
was madness in his eyes, the whole of his
flesh crept, for there gazing up at him from
the muddy water was his little son's face.

  With a hoarse cry. his arms shot out;
perhaps lie fell into the canal, he did not
know what happened until he found him-
self seated on the bank holding the corpse
of his Jacob.

  In spite ol the state of the tiny form, Pak
clung to it, raining kisses on the cold face,
carefully drying away the water with a
portion of his own clothing. " The lucky
mark, the lucky mark," he was muttering,
when his fingers became entangled in a cord,
an orange cord, that was wound tightly
round the baby neck

  After that, Pak became very' still.

  Towards the small hours of the morning
he laid the lifeless form in a corner, covering
it gently with his coat, as he crooned words
of promise to return very soon.

  When he had found the box for which
he went in search, lie kept his promise to
his son.

  Removing his own shirt, he wrapped it
round the corpse; with amazingly steady
fingers he removed the tell-tale orange cord.
He kissed his httlc Jacob for the last time,
before putting him into the candlc box
which he had purloined from a near-by
yard, filling the box with flowers he had
climbed a balcouv to steal from their
earthenware pots. Jacob loved flowers;
hr must not go to God without them—Pak
saw to that.

  The dawn was breaking as he finished
burying the box in a corner of the yard at
the back of the laundry.

  Then creeping out into the narrow street,
he slunk away.

V3
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

  Towards noon fatigue overcame him
Entering a public square, be sat down on
a seat and slept, but even though he sl<-pt
his hand never relaxed its grip on that
orange cord.

  When he awakened, he felt no pain of
grief in his heart, only a grim hate, a
determination to avenge the death of his
treasure. That accomplished, he would join
his Jacob, kindly death would aid him.

  Three days later he returned to the
laundry.

  The laundry was singularly quiet, for it
was the Chinese New Year, and therefore
a holiday.

  Pak seated himself at the back of the
dark shop and waited.

  Towards midnight Lung Hi came in
accompanied by Zia.

  As Lung Hi struck a match and lighted a
candle, Pak noticed that Zia's usually pale
cheeks were scarlet, her eyes seemed abnor-
ally large, they blazed with excitement,
and on her breast hung a wonderful orna-
ment of fine green jade, suspended there
by a bright orange cord.

  Pak burst out laughing, it was the first
time ho had laughed for years. Perhaps his
power of laughter had grown rusty with
long disuse; that may have been why Zia
cried aloud in fright, and why even the
usually imperturbable Lung Hi started
alarmedly.

  *' Pak I" Zia’s voice rose in a shrill
scream.

  " Yes, Pak," laughed the owner of that
name.

  " Why you laugh ? what the mJ
You find Jacob ? " A blend of fea
excitement sounded in Zia's v<'ic«‘. •

   “ Yes. Me. 1 find the little f- ilar.1
one would have thought Pak had a
joke in his heart. '* 1 laush. my be;

Zia. because one time I tell that little J
we go to a garden and 'e make
of yallar flowers for you. 'is mum:
one for 'im. and now you got your V
necklace, and Jacob 'e 'ave ’is Now
Hi must ‘ave 'is necklace.”

  With incredible swiftness, and
strength of a maniac. Pak threw hir
the form of the fat Lung Hi. as the !
fearful of what might happen, was f
ling clumsily with the fastenings of
laundry door, which he had only j1151
moment a§o securely locked.	«

  Lung Hi had a large, fat neck.
hands were not very big. Without tb**£
of the strong orange cord he could
have strangled Lung Hi.

  It may have been true that

thrown herself on her husband, and **”

to tear him from his victim, as she told ""V
police she had done. Pak did not know, j
did he care.

  He had avenged the death of his
Now. iu a few hours he was to be
Well, that fitted in with his programO**'
would soon sec his little Jacob.

  Pak smiled dreamily as he heard a :
grate in the lock of his cell; he	I

whether the " lucky mark " would
on his son's temple when he met him ^
death.

  The next luuo of “ Hutch!nsoa’s Story Magazine” will
contain fine new stories by—

A. E. W. Muon
Frank Swioaertoo
"S.pp.,"

Kathlyn Rhodes
W. L Goar;*
Wm. Le Queux

           EL F. Benton

           C. N. and A. M. Williamson
           May Sinclair
           Alice Perrin
           Stacy Aumonicr
           Ruby M. Ayres

94
SEARCHING FOR
WILLIAM

By

MABEL BARNES-GRUNDY

               ylulher of
" Hilary on Her Otcn," “ Candyla't—/
Veronica," " Her Mad Month," elc^

“Am Ik* dork ilnkn. (Ha mkVIhc* will br roar* or the motor cmr i
**[ »«*pl tho ch.lltmio." Mid M«r».

TREY were in the midst of their first
quarrel, and she. though thoroughly
aggrieved, was. after the manner of
rather enjoying herself; but he

  jjteentlv " demobbed," and very tired.
ij^Bh he wouldn't have admitted it for a
gjdoni. his nerves were a bit on edge ;
5. *0 were hers after a bail attack of tn-
K?,a They loved each other devotedly.

       here’they were wrangling about
KJwg at all—at lea^t nothing of the
HR**** importance.

v j*ltnow it sridiculousof us,” she thought.
Lfft yw not g0ing to give in.” and she
»^TPP«d herself up to take fr^sh umbrage
.7® “ext word, whatever it might be.

Vf ,'Vhat a couple of idiots we are ! "
C~irr> Chevening told himself, his nice-
st face quite red with temper, “ but

she was distinctly rude to me." He re-
peated this to himself twice over to make
absolutely sure she had been.

  She, with an assumed air of nonchalance,
waved a big white feather fan in front of her
flushed face; he expelled ring* of smoke
from his lips, and negligently crossed one
well-pumped foot and leg over the other.
Strains of music were borne to them from
the distant ball-room.

  " I repeat.” said he presently. " my
proposition, that there are far more Marys
in the world than there are Williams.”

  " Repetition of a statement doe* not
convert that statement into a fact. and.
again, I entirely disagree with you.”

  " And a repetition of such disagreement
leaves me e ually unconvinced that you
are right and I am wrong.” said Captain
William Chevening. hitting out somewhat
viciously at an inuocont palm leaf which.

95
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

through no fault of its own. was tickling
the top of his well-brushed head.

  She tapped a pretty satin-shod foot ou
the tessellated floor of the conservatory
and suppressed a smile at his boyish anger.

. . . She thought he looked quite as nice
when he was cross as when he was pleased,
the pucker on his forehead was most attrac-
tive ; but she didn't tell him so.

  ’* Some years back in our fathers' and
grandfathers’ times there might have been
as many Williams as Marys, but not now.
William is almost as extinct as the dodo,
while Mary has stuck."

  " I have known." said she, ” and do
know twenty Williams. Can you produce
the same number of Marys ? ”

   ” Certainly I can. and a jolly sight more."
Me fished out a pencil and an old envelope
from his pockets and began to scribble.
" I'll write down every d—ahem—blessed

Mary I've ever met---"

  " But how shall I know you are not
inventing them ? ” she demanded a little
aggravatingly.

  " Oh. of course if I’m a liar--” He

jumped up with such force that his chair
toppled back among the palms, and she had
much ado to restrain her laughter.

  " Don't be stupid, Bill. I'm sorry- I
shouldn't have said that." She laid a
soothing hand on his irate arm. " Pleas*'
forgive me.”

  For an instant he stood with all his
heckles erect, then, gradually they re-
laxed, and. after a cautious survey of the
conservatory, he stooped a little shame-
facedly and kissed her.

  " Don't you think we arc rather asses to
quarrel about such a trifle, darling ? " He
picked up the chair and placed it close to
hers.

  " I'm sure of it."

  “ It's ail that damned—excuse me.
Mary, but it is damned Daily Mail. That
wretched rag is responsible for more

trouble-"

  " Not on this occa-sion,” she interrupted.
“ For the first time in my life I feel really
grateful to it. But for that 'A to Z'
article written by. 1 forget whom, and
inserted by the Daily Mail. I don't believe

I	should be alive now to tell the tale.
Insomnia was playing havoc with me—
reaction. I suppose, after all the hideous
welter I had been in over there ; a white
little bed in a peaceful room was too much

for me !-"

  " Don't, dearest," he whispered. " don't
let’s think of those unspeakable days I
try only to dwell on my extraordinary

luck to be here at all, with life before
and you. . . His big hand closed■
hers as though he meant never to let
of it. " And do you mean to tell inc.
said presently. " that this name bi
has really helped you to sleep ? "

  She nodded. " Never failed. I bleSM
writer of the * A to Z ’ article every
of my life. I feel wide awake when »■
to bed, and as though I should be
awake for the remainder of my life,
begin on—say—Alfred. As a matter,
fact 1 know very few Alfreds, for which_
grateful. I dislike the name, so I
leave him and jump, perhaps, to the

  " John, I suppose, or Jane ? " , «j
" Both, but chiefly John. John K|
proved almost as fruitful as William- ^
generally sound asleep before I'm
through’ him I know heaps of Ja ^
Johnnies, and Jacks. I go back to *TB
childish days in the country, and old
the fisherman jumps to my mind, or Jol
the swearing blacksmith. Last r.ight»
John joined the old ones—young Lieu!
Judson—I heard his sister, when 1
the Baxters', call him : Jacky dear. *3
quite excited, and before I could
myself I said aloud : ' That makes n ^
teen ' ; and everybody stared at tne. •
of course I couldn't explain."

 Bill chuckled.	J3

  •' Then Percy is rather a good
  it. but I know

                         seven

You wouldn't think
and eight Archies, and
and eleven Dorothys, and seveO^jp
Annies ; but. of course, no name
anywhere near William. It's just as c
mon as dirt—oh. I'm sorry, dear. I fotS’J,.

  '* Don't apologise. I don’t mind i: j
Besides, I still stick to it: it is a uniq°e ur5.
aristocratic name compared with >"’«<
and I’ll prove it. Now, I'll have * ^
with you. If yon can prove you
more Williams than I know Marys,
give you a pearl necklace. What do J
think of that ? "

" A very pleasing offer."	.,,<5

  " And if I can prove I know more >
than you know Williams, you must 8
roe—let me see. a motor car." _

  " Why not a yacht while you're

it?” .

No use for one. But if you • --

                                    rt*1

I’d try and make a handsome p*11
selling it to Lipton."	'	(jf

  " My balance at the bant is £2 1
" Then it wuuld have to be a
hand Ford."

  Mary smiled.

96
   I love pearls." she said, " they will look
** with ray new black tulle frock."

  ' And I rather enjoy tinkering with a
  d.”

  Tlioy laughed Kke a couple of children.

  " Now to business,” ne said; “we
  itn’t waste time, the hour is late,
  ain conditions must be laid down and
  >tly carried out before we concede that
  t<bet has been won by one or the other."
  And the conditions ? ”

  We will give ourselves a week slowly,
  inly, and exhaustively to conjure up
  our memories every single Mary and
  :-m we have ever known; and if
  ig the week we should come across and
  fresh Marys and Williams, so much
  the good, but we must solemnly swear to
  from deliberately asking our friends
  roduce us to their Marys and Williams,
  t would not be fair. This day week
  ‘—he drew out his watch and examined
  at twelve o’clock the bet will be up.
  e shall be at my Aunt Jane Willoughby’s
  , 3e. shan’t we ? ”

  Mary nodded.

  And as the clock strikes, the necklace
  be yours or the motor car mine.”
  v’ I acccpt the challenge/' said Mary.
  Right oh.” Bill got up. ” Shall we
  one more dance, darling ? It's rather
  :0ke old world, isn’t it ? And behind her
  he once again kissed her.

II

ing the week that followed, many of
Oakover's friends were of the definite
n she had temporarily gone off her
—the result, they feared, of the two
:jgo years of strain in France, in conjunc-
JvlS' with the jov of having her fianc£
Attain Chevening safely home, and I he
s-jjuience of their marriage.

•Key shook their heads sadly. They had
*ys predicted this or something equally
■g^dful. Beneath the calm of Mary's
r^a^-r. which was only too obviously as-
IjT'^d to those who knew her, but which
cheated the authorities, was a tempcra-
!^t highly excitable, always ready to
!-v*ke and simmer and boil over on the
t provocation. . . - .And now she
so to speak, and to put it mildly,
"°*led over.” They pitted her. and
pitied her parents, though the said
*s had been fools to allow their only
to • stick it * so long ; and above all
Pitied DiU Chevening, lovely and sweet
charming though Mary undoubtedly

Mabel Barnes-Grundy

  Her old friends the Buckmasters were
most affected by what they called her
sudden strange and inexplicable behaviour.

   Helen, the eldest girl and Mary's special
friend, was really distressed. They met
at a bridge tournament a few days after
the bet had been made, a tournament
organised by a Lady Rowther in aid of St.
Dunstan’s hostel, and run on the lines of
the old-fashioned whist drive where a hand
is played at each table and the winning
couple moves either up or down.

  Mary played bridge well. Her father, a
tine player himself, had insisted upon her
learning young. A girl must be useful
besides ornamental, he opined ; and when
an attack of gout or some other unfortunate
contingent prevented him from going to
his club for his usual game she would prove
useful at home to make up a four. She
was a dashing and at the same time a
cautious and reliable player, and won a good
deal more than she lost. But to-day . . .
One choleric old gentleman nearly threw
his cards at her on her letting him down
five tricks doubled by their opponents, and
redoubled by herself.

  When she entered the large room and
saw the vast array of tables (play was to be
for three hours with an extra half-hour for
tea) she commented to Helen with delight
on the size of the tournament.

  "What a splendid lot of tables.” she
whispered with a suppressed air of excite-
ment.” and what a lovely lot of men 1 I
am glad.”

  Helen stared at her Mary, though most
attractive to the opposite sex. had never
been very keen on men—said they were
always too full of themselves ; old men
were too prosy and held forth, young men
appeared to regard themselves as the per-
petual hope of the daughters and despair
of the mothers, and all of them went bald

  " I hope we shall play very quickly and
I shall meet heaps of different ones. I

wonder if any of them are called Wil-

I mean.'' she stammered, catching sight
of Helen's amazed face. ” arc—are good
players. ’*

   " I expect so.” said Helen a little coldly,
while suddenly feeling sorry for Bill.

  ” I like men. you know, who play well,”
said Mary a trifle vacuously.

     Naturally.” returned Helen, but Mary
did not seem to hear her. With eagerness
she was examining all the male competitor*,
in the room, and Helen wished she wouldn’t.
Several were returning her gaze with in-
terest and unconcealed nleasure. for site
was looking unusually lovely with her

4

97
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

flushed cheelcs and eyes dark with excite-
ment.

  The two girls started at the same table
Mary's partner was a stoutish elderly man
with a weather-beaten look, an Admiral
Bpntiy, and Helen's a young artillery
officer.

  Mary won the cut. Slie started oft with
a " two no trumps." Her partner, who
had been informed by Lady Rowthcr he
had drawn one of the finest lady players
in the room, felt his heart give a little
pleasurable tlmmp mingled with admira-
tion for her dash and beauty; but his own
hftnd containing seven diamonds to the
queen ten, and 1he rest rubbish, he took her
out into three of his suit. Prompt’y she
took him back into " three no trumps,"
was doubled on the left, and when he firmly
announced " five diamonds," he nearly had
a stroke when she proclaimed calmly:
" four no trumps " and was again doubled.
Had he been on his late ship the paint
around would undoubtedly liave blistered
when she went down four tricks and he dis-
covered she'd had but one diamond in her
own hand, and the ace at that; but he
controlled his temper, and on her repeating
absent-mindedly—she seemed wholly en-
gaged in watching the initialing of her
score by the young captain—that she'd
held fotir aces, he merely called hcr atten-
tion to the fact that four aces could by no
possible means or chicanery yield tnore
than four tricks, and she must agree with
him, which she promptly did whilst leaning
across the table and entreating the young
captain to tell her for what his initials
F. W. stood as she was intensely interested
in names. And when he replied : " Frank
Wilraot." she merely stghed with a little
air of disappointment whilst utterly ignor-
ing the amazed looks of Helen.

   Indeed," as Helen said afterwards
when relating the story to her sisters Stella
and Elizalxsth, " she entirely ignored me
for the rest of the afternoon. I never
met her again, but was often near enough
to see her extraordinary play, which was
so rapid you could scarcely follow the
cards, and hear what she said to both her
partners and opponents. Always was she
on the same tack, her interest in Christian
names, and always with the same charming
and disarming smile. No one could resist
her She looked bo lovely too. I'm sure
hall the men in the room—her opponents—
were in love with her. especially as she
presented, through her < arc less and rapid
play, two out of every three of them with
hundreds above the lint, while the other

lan

tin

lot

half, her partners, regarded her as s
crazy.

  '* Once her voice came ringing across
room to me: ’ Your name is W illi
really ? How interesting! I always t
it one of the finest and manliest of n
since—since William the Conqueror
and took possession of our dear is;
don’t you ? ' And the man who owned
name of William seemed simply
astonished to speak "

  " I don't wonder. She must be m
Stella, who spoke, was the most pr
of the Buclcmaster sisters, a nice
girl who always aired her clothes sep
on different chairs when she went to
” Go on." said Elizabeth " Tell 9
some more."

  ” At tea I heard her say to a young ^
who was sitting by her and drinkings
her every word with his own innocuousIjgpt;
warm beverage : ’ so you are really cJ'VV'
Bill ? I—I know a man named
Coiikl you imagine anything more
and from our clever Mary ? She n'1*
have been announcing the extraordi®2j
coincidence of their nomenclature
Ca*ar! ”

  ” And what did he say ? ”	.jf

  ” Oh, he just giggled and went pink.^
was very young, newly' demobilised. ®^}
you could see regarded every pretty ”
as an angel straight from heaven-

  ” Of course it stands for William ? jt
inquired next, and when he replied ^35
was but a nickname, and his real nairtc t
Harold, she suddenly quite changed.
sort of cold and indifierent, edged *
from him. and I actually heard her say
a queer far awav look in her cvc*—
believe she knew she was speaking
she’d no use for Harolds, and she B°
and left him."	—	it

  Stella aud Elizabeth gasped.
can it mean ? "	0fl

  "Of course, an aunt of hers
her head,” ruminated Helen " I
think General Oakover rather ,cc<RtfiC

the

floor because there was no honey
table I often think violent temljf*
another name for a form of madness- ^.

■* But poor dear Mary has bee»
most hr
" I know
tainly not .........

queer, absent -minded and	0

never sits still, always wears tl>c ^e.
being in search of something 0
body-”

Look at the tempers he (lies *nt0.0
other day he flung a toast rack 00

98
A 4-Minute Lesson in
Personal Efficiency

*

p You Discover the Biggest Ambition of Your Life and How to Achieve it Quickly

By Edward Earle Purinton

The Famous Efficiency Expert

 ECENTLY I talked with the man who
 draws the highest salary in the world.
 I asked him how he had succeeded.

  answered quietly,

 . k»'e not succeeded
 Pi man ever suc-
 There is always
 goal ahead.”
 gh this tnan
 ---..im every rival,
 ‘5i» not reached the
 •f his own satis-
 fe—any mote than
 m: have But he is
 |**®t. He began b>
 H**g something so
 that the whole
 9* Couldn't stop him

 Nit.

   it Do YOU
   Want ?

 P»t would you like
 JB® Btorc than anv-
 C*«Ue? Lookback
 How would
 to live that
 E"* all over again ?

 have known
 - ou *cno"’ to~
 much time,
 g money, faith,
 kZV* you could have

 *•** believed for
 * years tliat the
 T*«d of course

 rCC, C*l

Kay1, efficiency it

 l deeded by most
 - ' *»d would save
 *"**>• years of
 discouraging,
 p

 j>r jductjvencsa. and happiness,
 result at hia rich experience Into hit
 tfca! Courx iu IVraonal Kf&dency

 MR. PURINTON is a World-famous
 Authority

'.earning hoar to increase human health, energy,

 he haa put the
 new Prac*

   Hr haa been teacher, editoi, lecturer. hygieniat.
 paychologlat, social service leader, am! efficiency
 counaelior to meo and women to ervrv walk of
 life.

   ilia beat known previous work. •• The Triumph
 of the Man who Acta." haa been read throuch’.ut
 U«e world. Ilu Lanka have gained more than a
 million reader. Hi, help haa been sought l>»
 people In all walk* of life.

   Among Uii.se who have consulted him are
 Iwukera, met chants, tniuufarturera. financier*,
 and all kinds of business and urofeaaiunal mm
 Theyatthave something u> learn fmm Mr l'nrtnfm.

   A thousand importaut bu«iue*s house* and in-
 atltationa have already ordered Mr. Purinton's
 works for their fritu<!s. patrons, clients, or em-
 ployees

   It is much belter to learn and profit by
                      the mistakes and false moves of others than
                      to waste valuable days and years waiting for
                      experience. Don’t rely
                      on the hope of doing
                      better “next time."
                      With the proper know-
                      ledge you will save
                      mistakes.

FEW OF THE MILLION
WHAT THEY SAY

AND

 MELVIL DEWEY. PrMid.nl of TVs Nations]
 Efficiency Sociatv. ear* ■

   ••I hare nr«-er yet picked up this work for fire
 minute* without yetting direct practical value
 from some new thought or «amr unusual or more
 telling presentation of »n old one. These stimu-
 lating page* bristle with epigrams and sparkle
 with llie texts of a thousand •ermona. No mao
 ran read hia work without geUlug ideas and
 aatggeatiiMia that wUl enable him to Improve tbe
 greuest and most important of all machines he
 will	_ill-,..!

 t—lllmeelf.

  IRA J. STEINER. Educational Dirwator. aaysi

  " Mr. Fannies has rendered a great service to
  tbe present cause by bringing out thia wouderful
  in Person si kfficteacy.

i the ftrat

of this particular type of Course* in practical.

                               which ia the
 TV* oI Course* in pract
 , Nothing it note needed in
 Ike (mnl day lo the ship. to the alB.-r on the
 farm, and in lb* schools than personal eflkieu. y '

 TRUMAN A. DE WEESE. »f ll>s Slosdd. 1
 Wkaat Coiapaar. ear* ■

   “If I were rich I would distribute about a
 million copies of Mr l-urlntoo a Uttuiracy Work
 among tbe mituoaa who I think r«*d the a. and
 wisdom and sdvice it coutaiaa.

 af Ik. National

 JOHN M PATTERSON. M.

 Cash Rsxistar Company, ears:

 “I began to mark passa.es in jmu
 which I wished egpedaUr to feme label
 after I bad o>mp»e<ed my reeling
 practleally maiked up the tulirt wotk

  writing*

 I f '
 I

   It has been my privi-
 lege to act as teacher
 and co u n se llor to
 thousands of ambitious
 men and women- from
 the heads of large com-
 panies to the most
 humble beginner in the
 ranks.

   And 1 have condudcd
 that the average man
 engaged in a Urge en
 terprise who has not
 yet applied efficiency
 methods to his work
 has been losing from
 £200 10/20,000 a yeat
 —while the professional
 or industrial worker has
 probably been losing
 from £20 to /1,000 a
 year.

   For twenty years I
 have been studying at
 close range the exact
 reason s for these
 people's failure to get
 ahead. And into my
 new Practical Course ia
 Personal Efficiency I
 have put, in compact
 lorm, the result* of
 this study of indivi-
 duals and business con-
 cerns.

127
 13S

ADVERTISEMENTS

The Seven Lessons

Give you the Essence of Efficient Living and
Business Achievement. They teach you in
a few pleasant evenings of study

  How to Measure Your Efficiency.

  How to Get Ahead.

  How to Keep Well.

  How to Improva Your Finances.

  How to Organise Your Work.

  How to be Efficient at Home.

  How to Plan Your Life.

  By showing you in my lessons what other
men and women—just like yourself—have
learned and done and been, I believe sincerely
that 1 can save you about ten years of costly
experiment, anti, moreover, can show you how
to use your strength, energy, and special
abilities in a way which will certainly bring
you success.

  Efficiency is nothing less than the difference
between wealth and poverty, fame and ob-
scurity, power and weakness, health and
disease, growth and death, hope and despair.
The step from one of these extremes to the
other is a short and easy one—if you KNOW
HOW.

  Take one of my pupils whom I shall call
Mr. X, because if 1 over met an “unknown
quantity” he was one when he first came
to me.

  He has increased by about 500 per ccnt.
his daily output of work, his optimism and
will power, his health reserve, and his financial
resources.

  How did he do it ?

  First, he analysed himself. Have you ever
done this—thoroughly? If not, try doing so
now.

  I	can tell you I never saw such a change
in a man.

  For the first time he knew what he wanted
to do, what he wanted to be, what he wanted
to have in life.

  Then he went boldly at the attainment 0/
his ambition.

  He studied his possibilities — physical,
mental, and spiritual. He learned that his
ambitions lay witbin reach of his natural
gifts.

  Finding that he was out of gear in ceri.tin
ways—he set out to repair his faulty machinery
He made the most of his job. He learned
to save two hours a day. He talked with
men in higher positions.

  Ho studied and tried every conceivable
way of improving his work. He was a!way*
planning his liite of advattce. Every open

ing higher up found him prepared to a11
ably.

  He changed his habits of living and inc
his daily output of energy about 200 per

  He stopped being a pessimist and gr
and became the most cheerful man in
whole organisation. Having grown -
friendly, he attracted a host of new f’"'
He prospered. He advanced. He t
a leader. He developed courage.

  But remember this: Mr. X was not
exceptional man by any means. He
just average to begin with. When I first :
him he was making £3 a week. To-d»£
is probably without a rival in his chosen
—and his name is known throughout .
business world. You -can do the san>*
better.	.

Edward Eari.e Purin"*0''

ONLY THIRTY SHILLINGS
Examine It Free

  The most amazing thing about Mr.
ton’s Practical Course in Personal
in seven lessons is the low price at whlj' 1
is now possible to secure it. So confide#* / 1
the publishers that the tremendous
the coursc will be apparent to you a*
as you have examined it, that they W»J ^ju>.
the entire seven lessons post free f°e,
consideration. Without paying a I,en°5’{J tf
may see for yoursell how twenty-one
study on the pan of the author tf
concentrated into the shortest possib**
pression of the most necessary prinC'P1
efficiency.

  Then when you decide to keep tbe ^ ,y>
send only 30s. in full payment. r°i .[v*1
imall sum you become owner of a w°*5hri*.-
has been worth hundreds of pounds to °, $*-.!
and may well prove to be the mean5
creasing your health and your p
:idding to your income every year io*\
life. Post the coupon now, before *n
ofTer is withdrawn.

 FREE EXAMINATION

mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm"0 . p<-

Tothe National Bu*ine*« and Pertonal & >C

(Purinton Dept. 1) _ ^

THE STANDARD ART BOOK CO-
      60. Chancery Lan*. W.C-2

  Vou may send me post paid the coropk**.
Practical Court* in Personal	iW’y

lesson* for free examination. WilWn 5	J

will either return the Const to you
in full payment.

M

A<£dreti

l*. UtkOji *■» 1IU1KI
 I've noticed that,” said Stella—"a
 Bp* of expectant eager look in her eyes
 she meets people, especially men,”

 . And she goes rushing about from place
 *® Place, house to house, to luncheons, teas,
 “jnners. balls, suppers. She makes me think
 ' a midge spinning in the evening air, or

 Bg**lfcting mouse with its cage on fire-"

 Sfo broke ofl abruptly as Mary herself
 H**Bly opened the door.

 I You have been talking about me.” She
 at the threshold of the room whilst
 w*®scaiined each guilty face.

 They said nothing.

 •	.And—if I did not know you loved me
 M&ffrftold surmise you were saying nasty
 about me.”’

     Never ! ” they cried together.

 •”y~y sat down in a big chair and sut-
 J^V^d them with quizzical eyes; a bright
 •J*'} °t colour burnt on each cheek and she
 ^«d wonderfully pretty in spite of
 ^fes of fatigue beneath her eyes.

 L _ Wh-it was it ? You’ve known me all

 2	We. I love you. Helen—you're one of
 decentest things 1 know, and I'm quite
 iBp, °* yon. Stella and Elizabeth, ' laugh-
 ■Bgy Rhe blew them all a kiss,—" so out
 .. ^ I can bear it.”

    We've been talking about your—your
 *?J*essne-s of the last few days," said
 2*en. taking the bull by the horns ” Yon
 ,^r sit still."

 .. ^hne is short,” said Mary.

 ■	t, You mean before your wedding ? "

     «o, time generally."

 h.	,A°d you've been so excitable, almost
 T?*" said Stella
 .. Really ? ” said Mary.

 &il ^n<l we v* been feeling rather sorry for
      stammered Elizabeth.

     Oh.” said Mary. ” why ? ”
 onw. OUr sudden extraordinary interest in
 fin,-r, men,” blurted out Helen. “ You
 rush at them. Mary.”

 .. ^nah at men ? ”

 said Helen, with some heat
 ifte,,,' other day at the bridge tourna-

l «^'‘t 1 was only trying to meet Wil--

I mean—oh, 1 can't explain.

     *ud'lenly she fell into laughter at the
Vi ^ '*l" * on their f•<-.•* and she laughed
that not only did she weep, but
*iu] '°n*Plawed of severe internal pain
^e: ‘P*-re.l them to help her. And the
tl*.' k* 1 ‘aghod. the more convinced were
Hd	serious derangement. It was

.U^V **d- w,tb her wedding day so
V,- ** "and. but it had to be faced, and
mui,t help her all thev could. Of

Mabel Barnes-Grundy

 course it was the result of the last two
 years’ terrible experience . . . but there
 were good doctors, fine brain specialists,
 hypnotists whose aid . . .

  Mary with a tremendous effort pulled
herself together and sat up straight whilst
she wiped her eyes.

" You must trust me, girls,” she said.
” I’m quite sane, though I may not appear
to be. I believe you are going to the
Willoughbys’ dance to-morrow night ? ”
They nodded.

   " Well, at twelve o’clock, just as Cinder-
ella reverted to her drab little life and her
plare by the fire. I shall revert to ray usual
well-behaved manner, and no longer be—
what was it ?—restless, excitable, hectic,
and keen upon any man but Bill. Mean-
while, I want your help. That's what I
came for. I'm" at a loose end. I’ve no
engagement for to-day. and I want one.
Can any of you help me. take me anywhere
with you ? ’

   Stella and Elizabeth shook their heads
” I'm going to a bazaar, of all ante-
diluvian, God-forsaken entertainments."
said Helen.

   " The one at the Empress rooms in which
your aunt is interested ? "

   " Right, and it is to be enlivened with
all sorts of up-to-date side shows: Jazz
teas, a concert by Ruhleben prisoners, and
the usual old-fashioned fortune telling,

raffles---"

   " The very thing I ” Ecstatically M.iry
leapt to hcr feet and clapped her hands.
" It's absolutely providential—raffling
I'll raffle. What shall I wear ? 1 know
your aunt will let me rafllc all her best
sofa cushions and objeti d'art. I must fly
home to luncheon aud to dress. Thank

foil so much for letting me go with you.
leleo darling. I’ll be there on the stroll
of three. Ta-ta, dears ! " and she was gone
like a lightning whirlwind before tho
sisters could draw breath.

               HI

   If Helen had been amazed and somewhat
distressed at Mary’s behaviour at the
bridge tournament, it caused her real
anguish at the bazaar ; and a thousand
times she wished she had never brought
her.

   For hours she watched her flitting about
the room*, a radiant figure in dafiodil
yellow, her eyes sparkling, her whole face

alight with excitement as she raked in
innumerable half-crowns, ten-shilling and
one-pound notes for h«r raffles ; and she

09
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

was filled with shame when she noted that
it was always the men who were her quarry.

  That Mary, the well-bred, refined, and
almost puritan Mary, should so behave !
She was not common, Helen told herself,
when once again, unknown to Mary, who
was too absorbed in her task to observe
her. Helen remained close at hand to listen
to her remarks to a fresh victim. She was
not vulgar, not cheap. She was not even
coquettish. But in her bearing towards
the men there was an eagerness, a delight
at securing their patronage so noticeable
that the least vain among them must have
been secretly flattered.

  " Two tickets ? Thank you so much. It
»» a lovely cushion, isn't it ’? " (As a matter
of fact it was a Cubist monstrosity.) “ And
your name and address, please, in case you
should be gone w hen U»e raffle takes place.
No. not your initials, your full name, please,
so that there shall be’ no mistake. Aubrey

-”. Disappointment clearly descernible

in the pretty voice. Or, occasionally, a
sudden note of delight, of triumph, a look of
gratitude flashed up into the fishy eyes of
some podgy elderly man who was obviously
much more interested in the attractive
creature confronting him than in the
cushion she carried. . . .

  *' Why this occasional pleasure and
excitement ? ” Helen asked her^lf re-
peatedly. “ What did it mean ? ” Then, in
a flash, illumination came. It was the
name of William. The joyousness and
triumph appeared when some male creature
answered to the name of William. Helen
gasped at the realisation of this. Could it
be possible ? Mary was so much in love
that, like a small child who adores the
repetition of a story that pleases it, she was
made happy bv merely meeting a man of
the same name as her fiance.

  “It’s mania,” said Helen to herself.

“ A bad form of mania. I must get her
home. Poor, poor Mary.”

  She advanced with rapid steps to the
girl, who was now smiling into the eyes of a
bemused, bewitched young naval lieutenant
as though he were the loveliest thing on
earth ; and taking her gently hut firmly
by the ami whispered that she must come
home.

  " Come home ? ”

  " Yes. at once ”

  ” But why ? “

  " Because I say it.” Helen might have
been addressing a naughty child.

  “ I shan't,’* said Mary.

  ” You won't ? "

  *'No. I'm having a lovely time and I

shall remain till the bazaar closes. Your !
aunt says I'm the best raffler here And.
isn't it jolly, Helen ? " she lowered j
voice. '• this young lieutenant is called

William-”

   Helen fled.

  The hands of the Willoughbys' fine
Sevres clock on the mantelshelf of fhe
drawing room which had been cleared W. \
dancing pointed to 11.30.

   The dance was in full swing. Dozens of I
couples performed queer antics with tb®*r ,1
legs and arms. sometimes together, soflIS
times opposite, sometimes at each other'*
side, or round the corner, or at opposite
ends of the room, or back to back, wbw|
they called dancing.

   Bill was performing with Helen. SteB*
with Bill’s cousin Harry, the only soil
the house. Mary was nowhere to be seen,
and just because she was not there t*1*
room to Bill seemed a dull and lonely placej
** How topping Mary’ looks to'-nigh* J j
Never saw her look better.” He voic*fl (
his conviction aloud.

 “ Yes," agreed Helen.	„ 3

   “ She reminds me of Spring incarnate- 4
Then, after the manner of the phlegm***
Briton, he blushed at liis own ratbn^Q
" Mary has not seemed herself the 1**^
few days, though she appears better ,tr
night.” said Helen a little nervously- _ _

   " Oh ! ” Bill’s voice contained surpn*®"

" In what way ? "

  " Haven't you noticed it ? "	' ,u 1

   ** Well, to tell you the truth. I bav**„
seen much of her. I—I've been busy-
He changed the subject, and Helen did
pursue it; bat she wondered . . - a l
scented a mystery. ...	...

  Mary, as a matter of fact, had cut ” j
dance with a very boring and pomP®j
man with a monocle who remark. ,
*• Rear—ly ! " in a tired voice to the *■»*

( rdinary observation, and she was hi'>‘
away in a recess in the library' witb_.ho
small daughter of the house, aged ten,
graciously accepted her a! a relation-t©"*?”
for the sake of her " dear, darling
Bill " who never treated her as a little 8"
or “ talked down to her."	j >'

   " You don’t mind sitting out with n>e ' ,
inquired the child. ” You *ee.
will never think of looking for me her
make me go to bed. and she ll
after a bit. She’s a bad memory-''

  Mary smiled and assured her
enjoying herself immensely She
a little tired, but very triumphant. Sne

roo
Mabel Barnes-Grundy

™*rally certain she had won the bet
forty-two Williams stood to her credit.

       a wonderful record, she felt, and
meticulously she bad observed the condi-
>ons of the bet. Not once had she ashed
be introduced to a William. All her
»enty-two new Williams she had achieved
fair and honest means. She glowed with
»®*t pride, and fell to picturing Bill's face
hen she handed to him her neatly tabu-
ed list of the forty-two. . . .

  She.was aroused from her reverie by the
rj~*d slipping a paper into her hand with
?? request she should read it out aloud.

1 found it in the gentlemen's cloak-room
^ the floor, 1 was hiding from Mummy.
~ 8 so funny—all about Marys, and in
Bill's writing. I can mostly read
*r*tinj; now. but his is so bad. far worse
mine. Do read it. Cousin Marv "
j Cousin Bill's writing ! '* Mary's eyes
r^urcd the paper closcly covered with
™ » almost illegible scrawl:

« 24. Mary Jones—greengrocer in Covent
Tfden Bought some topping apples.

  25- Mary Twig—old newspaper woman
, “ Evening Stars and whiskers.
r 26, Mary Philbv—little girl with nose
'luinng attention, who fell down in
Wliam Koad and howled. Picked her
iif an<1 gave her a bob when I discovered
., *as a Mary. •„

Mater’s new maid. Mary Brett,
girl. Had five minutes pow-wow
'nit her' ^*ateT juniped on me IJointed
u democratic age, and all of us equal,
said * fiddlesticks ! * Rude of Mater
jl n° argument."

WiVery now and again a ripple of laughter
     from Mary as she read.

‘otni.6 ~Saw the Queen going to open
rjjethmg or other, or to slum. Ixx'ked
iL e nice in a new-shaped hat and without

•	„ Umbrella On an impulse I yelled :
old Queen Mary.* and she actually
and called out: * Thank you.'
^ ally decent of her. Wonder if my Mary
j? ‘peaking terms with George I "
it stopped. Suddenly it came to her
p-*** not honest to be reading another
JE?** private document. A wave of
77“* swept her from head to loot.

Megan." she said, “ you must take this
sjj* at once to where you found it. It is
P^i» 1 *° r**d *not^" person's private

(jj. Oh. but not this. Cousin Bill wouldn't
th, r',*nd **'• so funny, and—let me see,"
V* counted with her finger " 37. 38.
CL-1°- 4«. 42—there are only six more.
Mary--

  ” Forty-two 1 " With a shout Mary was
011 her feet, examined the watch bracelet
at her wrist and rushed to the ball-room
as fast as her legs would carry her.
leaving a most astonished little girl behind
her.

  " Forty-two 1 Forty-two ! How extra-
ordinary ! All my work in vain and only
ten minutes left," she said to herself over
and over again. “ It’s too, too bad. Oh.
where are the men ? Arc they ail dancing ?
Is there not a William anywhere at large ? “
In her anguish she almost wrung her hands
as she leant with her back to the wall, her
eyes now searching tbe kaleidoscopic scene
before her, and then the clock on the
mantelshelf, while her cheeks flushed and
paled as the minutes passed and the blood
drummed in her ears. A charming figure
she presented in her gown of exquisite
jade green, her golden head pushed a little
forward in her tense excitement, her hands
clasped before her ; and Bill, who was now
performing a duty dance with a friend of
the Buckmasters,’ and who. unknown Ui
Mary, was devouring her with eyes of love
and admiration, had much ado to restrain
himself from al>andoning his partner and
finishing the dance with Mary.

 Then—and in the maze of whirling,
moving figures Bill had been swallowed up
—a miracle occurred, as miracles do occur
in spite of what all the practical, level-
headed, stodgy people may say to the
contrary, and a little shiver of exultation
and delight ran up and down Mary's spine,
for across the room a man's voice pro-
claimed in accents of pleasure: " Why,
there’s Willie ! He's come after all I "

  And so he had. He had arrived in time
to save her. She knew it. She knew it as
surely as she knew the sun would rise
to-morrow.

  He stood in the doorway, a fine, hand-
some, upstanding figure of a man, and as
Mary looked at him he looked at her
She always emphatically denies that she
gave him what Bill coarsely describes as
" the glad eye," and we believe her: but
the fact remains the stranger immediately
crossed the room to where she stood, bowed
low before her. and craved the honour of a
dance.

  •* With pleasure. ’ said she with a dazzling
smile, " but first will you write your name
on my programme Wrill you be so kind t
I like to know the name of the person with
whom I am dancing.” She spoke rapidly
with her eyes on the dock " Mine is
Mary Oakover . . Not your initials,
please, your full Christian name—and. oh.

101
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

be quick—we've only half a minute. Hurry,
hurry I I—I’ll explain afterwards. . .
She laughed a little hysterically. She was
leaning over him watching his slowly mov-
ing pencil. ” Ah 1 It is William. Thank
heavens I And just in time ! The clock i«

striking. . . . Thank you so much fa*
being—what you are. I am more tl|a®
grateful to you. And here’s Bill 1 Bill>,
with her hand on the astonished stranger*
arm. " allow mo to introduce to you
forty-third—William."

A Partnership Memory

By ALICE HEGAN RICE

Jlulhor of " £XCru Wiggi of the Cabhage 'Patch"

THERE was but one
bond of sym-
pathy that could
exist between the two
men. yet neither seemed
willing to be the first
to allude to the subject
uppermost in the mind
of each. They had
been playing chess in
the Captain's state-
room the better part of
a long, dull afternoon
Through the open door
the sea stretched, grey
and passive, and the
decks were wet with an intermittent
drizzle of rain.

  It was Richards who first opened the way
to mutual confidences :

  " Do you remember the last time we
played chess in this room. Captain ? ” he
asked, replacing the pawns in the box with
fastidious precision.

  ** On your last crossing I suppose," said
the Captain casually, ** ten, or was it
eleven, years ago ? "

  " Eleven years in June. ' A white night
full of stars ' and the coast lights of China
just glimmering on the horizon. A certain
fair lady's last night on board and you
and I playing for the privilege of sharing
it with her."

  " Oh 1 You mean N’ma Starling ? " The
Captain looked up quizzically. " I ought
to remember ; I won."

  " Yes. you won." admitted Richards.

  " That sounds very much like a sigh of

regret. In the light of recent Inru!
it ought to be a sigh of exultation.” .jf
“ Recent events might not have occtt*1^
had I had that last inning."	j

  The Captain laid a heavy, bronzed
on his shoulder. “ My dear fellow, if
the Fates wffre kind to a man. they
you that night. You and Nina
had met for your mutual destruction ,£
was shoved in for a Ixifier I a~Zr
deny that I was as hard hit as you »
only I was used to it. I'd 1**°
before."

  " Not by Mrs Starling ! "

  ** No, not by Kina Starling.”	nt.

  For some moments the two sat s*_f
smoking, the Captain a bluff, hand- .
man of f-Ttv-five. his companion a -|0g
years his junior, slender, austere,
the uniform of a Major in the L*1 ^
States Army. The ashes of an
mance, thus stirred, evidently rfvt*^

102
Alice Megan Rice

*ome live embers, by the light of which
**£h was travelling back through the years.
The Captain was the first to recover
'* The dinercnce between us was
*~at yoU went into it blindfolded, and I
2*”* in with my eyes open. I'd known
tea ever since she was a youngster. They
in Honolulu, you know, and 1 took
?*r Wot her over the first trip I was in com-
r*^ An awful tool she was too ; neg-
the girl shamefully until she dis-
~®vered that she was a winning card, then
played her up for all she was worth."
.. >’ou know Starling ? "

^Jfever saw him. He only lived a
r®op!e of years after they were married.
7® fact I never saw Nina’ again until she
***on her way back to Honolulu with her
‘*Peak ”°^* °n t^C VCr^ °* which you

. Poor little Bobby ! You know his
^ic end > "

    Oh, yes, the papers were full of it.
‘tea had about as much business with a
*°?i a» Cleopatra ”

yet she adored the boy."
gQh. yes. He was her one permanent
The rest of us were transients,
entertained us royally when we came,
r* Promptly forgot us when we departed.

  was pretty rum that in the end she
2*®ld have been Bob’s undoing. But
a8 she was everybody's undoing that
“ came in contact with.”

L^On the contrary.” Richards said, “ we
her undoing. We asked too much of
.. • We demanded the impossible, and

   T^ricc! to 6ive jt 1 ”

*1, !l" Captain shook his head. " She is
’•c^wale of the species.” he contended.
>U»* after what she wants, and if
J cannot reach it by a straight course,
takes a crooked one. You would
w^b='Uy ^ it fmeas®.*'
yj^chards considered his slender, well-
E3p*1 hands gravely. ” I think f should
4 the instinct of acquiescence. She is
ure ol sudden fire, with a passionate
'he ° *° '*° {he thing required of her for
K1lPe*V>:i -he loves, regardless of circmn-
Vjrn<r\ I-ife confuses and battles her. I
j. ’’ he is politic, and perhaps not always
'ward, bnt her motive is never
*•	** always trying to get

Uni', ^ somebody else You must
(ig__ that she is the most exquisitely
•• ,'lla person you ever knew ”
to , I tl admit anything good you want
Vj, y about her ! The Lord ki iovts she
Ho../',' to "** "'hen she came back to
^°*'>lu to Uve after her second marriage,

she used to slip down to the dock wheu-
ever I made the port. I can see her now.
as smart as a little white yacht under full
sail, pretending to be interested in the
arriving passengers when all the time she
was wirelessing me on the bridge to hurry
up, that her motor was waiting, and that I
was to take lunch with her. By George !
that girl could say more with her eyes and
one finger than most women can say with
their tongues."

  ” Were you ever in her home ? "

  " Many a time. They had a wonderful
place down below Waikiki—white beach,
blue sea, and palms—you know, the kind
of thing Honolulu specialises in. Well,
she would treat me like a Grand Mogul.
Nothing too good for me. She remem-
bered the things I liked to eat, and the land
of cigars I liked to smoke. She gave me
a taste of what a real home can be. and
when my time was up. she'd run me down
to the dock herself and give me a God-
speed that would keep me warmed up for
days to come. I tell you. a man has to
live at sea half his life to know what a thing
like that means."

    But the Baron ?" asked Richards.
" From what 1 have heard of the gentle-
man. he was not one to give his wife free
rein.”

  " Oh. von Stern man liked men to admire
Nina. It gave him the satisfaction of
knowing that he possessed what others
wanted. And Nina never teased him.
She’d lie to him. to be sure, and get him
out of the way at times, but that was only
to bring about more comfortable results.
She wanted him to be happy too. That
was her religion ; she wanted everybody
to be happy."

  " I suppose I was the exception that
proved the rule.” said Richards grimly.

’ The only cruel thing I ever knew her to
do was to keep me dangling between heaven
and hell from San Francisco to 1 long-Kong,
and then to marry the Baron as soon as
she got to Germany."

  '* Well, von Stemman happened to be
on the spot when she landed. You see.
you anti I had made it rather an exciting
voyage for her ladyship. When we dropped
out life became too dull, She could not
bear to be out of a job."

    I did not drop out." Rirhards pro-
tested. " If I hadn’t been under order*
to report in the Philippine*, the devil him-
self couldn't have stopped me. That was
what I wanted to tell her that last night
on board : as it was. 1 lost my chance. I
had to catch a steamer early the next

103
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

morning for Manila, our letters miscarried,
and she married the Baron."

  There was a long pause, while Richards
lit a fresh cigarette and the Captain idly
lingered tha chessmen. It was not a pause
of finality, however ; it was but a halt on
the brink of the subject during which each
looked back on the past through his own
particular vista.

  " Did she seem to care about von Stern-
man ? " Richards brought out at last.

  " Well, it’s hard to say. She made up to
him. flattered him. spoiled him, and fooled
him whenever it pleased her to. Of course
she was inordinately proud of his position
and his brains. He was a brilliant man.
but hard as tacks. She spent a good
part of her time explaining away his rude-
nesses."

  ” Yes." said Richards, with the absent
eyes and slightly pursed lips, " I can see
her in the role. She had a gift for inter-
preting her friends to the world. She
accorded herself the privilege of making
the translation not too literal, and the
result was always more charming than the
original."

     In this case it couldn't have been worse.
The Baron, with all his good looks and
grand air, was a boor. I think Nina
secretly feared him."

  " Feared him ? " Richards looked up
sharply.

   " Yes, at heart I think she always feared
him. He had all a German's ideas about
women, and if he had ever caught her in
one of her escapades it would have gone
hard with her. In fact I think that was
just what did happen in the end.”

  " What happened," said Richards bit-
terly, " was that he made her the tool for
his dirty work. What the poor girl has
suffered during these past few years is
something I don’t like to think of.”

  " Nor I," agreed the Captain. " I did
all I could for her. When war was de-
clared in 1914 she was all in a flutter to
get back to the States. She offered a dozen
excuses ; von Stern man was ill with malaria
and had to get away from the Islands .
she wanted to see her people. Bob wanted
to enter a military school, etc. There
wasn’t an extra stateroom on board, but 1
turned out of my cabin for them. I let
that big scoundrel of a German have my
bed, all bccause Nina asked me to. And
ten days after he landed in San Francisco,
he forged a passport and got away to
Europe."

   " Yes,” said Richards. " it was not lAiig
after that that I saw Mrs Starling jhr

will always be ‘ Mrs. Starling ' to me. We
met in a New York hotel, in an elevator-
It was the first time I'd seen her since
left this steamer seven years before. Vet
you would have thought we had not been
parted twenty-four hours. She took n>e
right into hex confidence and poured ou1
all her troubles.’’

  " About the Baron ? "

  ** No. about Bob. It seems he had
his heart on going to West Point. He had
worked for years toward that end. H**
appointment was all but secured when the
Baron’s departure became known, and the
whole affair was trembling in the balance
Bob was beside himself with rage and d*5'
appointment, and Mrs. Starling had beef
moving heaven and earth to get him W®,
heart's desire. I went up to their apa**'
ment and thrashed out the whole matte*
with them. Bob was a stunning chap-
built for the army, every inch of him. B*
was too loyal to his mother to expr^
himself openly concerning the Baron, b0'
I never saw’ more concentrated hatr*“
than he showed in his face every time h»
name was mentioned. I remember ho*
he paced the floor, declaring that it wasn
fair for his life to be smashed like that-
that if he failed to get the appointment '
would be a blot on his character he cou*”
never live down. And Mrs. Starling,
as a sheet, kept saying. ' You are going
get it. Bob. I got you into this and I
going to get you out of it. The Major afl°
f will arrange some way.* "

  •' And Major did ? ’’ the Captain thr**
in sarcastically.	-

  ” No. she did it herself, though of
I pulled a few wires in the War Dep»*Y
ment, and introduced her to Senator
upon whose decision the whole matl_
hinged. It was a difficult tiling to arraflSy
for he refused point-blank to give a
sonal interview, as he was leaving *°
in a couple of hoars,”	M

111	wager Nina got the interview.

  ” Well, as a matter of fact, she did- -
talked with her for an hour, then asked “
to lunch with him. When t called at
apartment ui the afternoon Bob toki
Senator Gray had thought it best for ^
to go down to Washington with h«u
clinch the matter."

  " So that was how Bob got his
*ion ! " The Captain leaned back .-k4
chair and smiled. " There is nobody .
her. She's so frail and yielding 80 ,,w.
*0 irresistible It isn’t merely her be* ^
I’ve seen a dozen women I though1 *
prettier. It's something more to®®*

104
a blind man would feel You say she has
■‘•ot changed much ? ”

   ' Well, I suppose she has.” Richards ad-
mitted ; '' her figure perhaps more than
m pouring."

   ‘‘Naturally. A clever woman finds it
jasier to camouflage her complexion than
‘^camouflage her figure.”

    She can’t change the colour of her
ty^." said Richards coolly.
r ’ Those ridiculously blue eyes ! " The
'•aptain laughed. " I used to get an
tu lri° shock every time I looked into
•'em. After all. I think that is Nina's
charm, she is so terrifically aware of
you—that is, when she isn't aware of some
°ne else."

(, “It is we who arc aware," urged Richards.
You know those lines, * The innocent
that nothing does but shine, moves
^ the slumbering surges of the world.'
*** Starling is like a radiant lighthouse
Rainst which poor befuddled gulls beat
their brains."

   Here’s one wise old eagle that didn’t ! "
he Captain chuckled. “ A lighthouse
keep of! the rocks to me, and you
7** 1 have. She is the only woman 1 was
afraid of in my life. But you were
iv 8 me of her mission to Washington
i'"*} you see her again ? "

   ' No. I was down on the border that
y®t*r, but I heard of her. She took a
js®* at West Point, to be near Bob. and
j^ear she had the whole I\>st crazy about

   “ Yes, I shouldn't wonder if that was
QtLleaSon 8ot honour ; all the

i.	««• cadets were probably wasting their
^ flirting with his mother.”
i His mother was doing everything in
Power for him." said Richards stiffly ;
,5r ambition was as gTcat as his."
jj. Oh, I wouldn't call it ambition on her
Ef* Shc i,lst wanted Bob to have what

*	wanted. If he had set his heart on
a burglar, she would have helped him
. 11 just the same. What did the officers
to think of Bob ? “
t*ll ^cre was but one thing to thiuk. I
»r,i\.y,>n- Bob Starling was every thing a
l0|jler ought to be. One of the instructors
Jr* me he was considered the most pro-
R man that had passed through the
oi^/nv jn yean. That was the tragedy

tjj And when did the complication with
Baron begin ? He evidently lost no
y'^in putting Nina to work as soon as he
.. pi Berlin.*’

   *	imagine the scoundrel was using hcr

4*	X.

Alice Hegan Rice

from the first The letters dated from 1915.
but it was not until after we went into the
war that things began to leak out. You
see. the letters were not in code or anything
of that kind ; they would have passed with-
out suspicion anywhere. All Mrs. Starling
did was to forward them to the German
Ambassador, who was an old friend of von
Sternman's. How could she know that
they contained secret information ? "

  " She probably didn't,” agreed the Cap-
tain. *' but it must have struck her as
strange that her husband should ask her to
send his private letters to her. containing
nothing whatever of an official nature, to
the German Embassy at Washington."

  Richards' face flushed : " I did not rea-
lise that I was discussing Mrs. Starling with
one of her enemies. I took it for granted
that you shared my belief in her innocence."

  “ Nina innocent ! Why, I can as soon
think of Methuselah being young 1 My
dear man, you do her an injustice."

  ” The Court evidently shared my
opinion." said Richards. * No stones were
left unturned by the Prosecuting Attorney
to convict her of conspiracy. Everything
was against hcr—the fact that wc had just
gone into the war ; that public opinion
was flaming against any evidence of pro-
Germanism ; that she did not deny having
forwarded the letters. Yet she was com-
pletely exonerated."

  " Do you wonder ? ” asked Captain
Sherry. " I knew it was all up with the
jury when 1 saw shc was going to conduct
her own case. * The beautiful Baroness
von Sternman. a loyal American citizen,
made the tool of her unscrupulous German
husband 1' I can see the headlines now
1’ ve got a copy of one of the papers around
here somewhere. It had a picture of Nina
pleading her cause, and the judge and jury
in tears. I kept it because it was a rather
good likeness of her. Perhaps I can find
it.”

  He opened a desk drawer and. after some
fumbling, took out a newspaper clipping
carefully protected between cardboards.
The two men looked at the picture for
some moments in silence, and one of them
smiled with bis eyes, aud one of them
smiled with his lips. The Captain was the
first to speak:

  " Perfect stage setting,” he said. " Be-
lasco could not have done better. And a
situation worthy of Nina's genius. Can't
you see her now, taking in the whole
bunch right down to the case-hardened
reporters?"

  " And you alone refuse her even the
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

benefit of a doubt ! " exclaimed Richards
hotly. *' I should think the fact that she
brought divorce proceedings against von
Sternman the moment she discovered the
truth would Ijc sufficient guarantee of her
innocenco.”

  Captain Sherry's eves twinkled: " A
superb coup de grace ! ’Nothing could have
climaxed the situation so dramatically and
so convincingly. It satisfied everybody,
apparently, but Uncle Sam. Unfortu-
nately he is less susceptible to feminine
charms than other men. Even though he
lot her off, he decided that he did not want
an officer in bis army whose step-father
was on the Kaiser's staff, and whose mother
had been tried for a Germau spy. 1 un-
derstand that everything possible was done
at West Point to let Bob down easy, but
you can’t pitch a man out of a window
without breaking something."

  “ In this case it was the boy's heart,"
said Richards. " It happened in May. you
see. and he was to have been graduated in
June. You would have needed to know
him in recent years to understand just what
it meant to him. An honour man for three
consecutive years, and patriotic to his finger
tips. 1 don't blame him for doing what he
did. I'd have done it in his place."

  " A rotten business.’’ sighed the Cap-
tain. " I have forgotten the details. It
was Nina who found him. wasn't it ? ”

  " Yes. She got back to West Point the
night it happened, went to his room and
found him still in his uniform with a bullet
through his heart, and beside him a small
American flag on which was written ' For
my country.'"

  i hey sat silent, cach closeted in his owO :
reflections. Then Richards said :

  “ Such a tragedy wonld have crushed *
woman of coarser fibre, but Mrs. Starling
bent to it like a flower in a hurricane. Sh* |
felt the beauty of his death, and the per- |
fection of his sacrifice, just as she felt von ;
Sternman's position and what he did for
his country. Her letter to me at th« j
time was one of the noblest things I ever i
read. She did not blame anybody. There
was no bitterness nor rebellion nor re* !
crimination, only the most exquisite un* 1
derstanding and acquiescence. She has *

wonderful soul, a-”

  Then realising how warmly he was
speaking, he rose abruptly and pushed
back his chair:

  " After all. it's a subject upon which yt>°
and I could never agree. We have bee0
foolish to discuss it.”

  “ Not at all." said the Captain ; "
have passed a very pleasant afternoon.
the way, I suppose of course you kno*
that she has married again.”

  Richards stopped abruptly in the door- j
way. " Mrs. Starling, married ? " he re- j
peated dully.

  “ Yes. 1 saw it in a German paper J®
Hong-Kong last month. She managed <*1
get over to Berlin by way of SotrfjSl
America, shipped as a stewardess on *
German boat, and re-entered the ranks 0*
the German nobility.”	.

  " You don't mean that she has married ;
another baron ? " asked Richards, agha**- ,
Captain Sherry's bluff laugh rang
heartily. “ Oh, Lord, no ! ” he said, " ’
the same one ! "

A grpgt excln«iv<»

                in tha Atiiust number of

   HUTCHINSON'S STORY MAGAZINE

Every one knows of Mr. Herbert Jenldni* great creation in fiction,
“ Bindle" This pop Ur Author it now encaged in writing a H.-in
of merry “Bindle” stories for “Hutchinson's Story Ma*»xine_"
It u hoped that the first .tory may bo finished in time for it to
appear iu next mouth's nu*nber.

zo6
\^RS ARMYTAGE was famous for
three thiug9—her late husband's
Rfc immense wealth (he was the in-
of the wondrous *' step-ladder. iron-
bedst-ad combinationher
and her hospitality: the plump.
KB^ttatured soul was never happier than
Elm!* ker boose in Loamahire was crammed
Iff* contented guests. The huge place.
„ ‘‘h had been the late inventor's pride.
2? **8ed The ('.range, but. 1 regret to say.
j?* better kr.own amongst friends as
rijj* Menafene. by reason of the curious
BPpOiens of humanity to be met there,
••j"- Armytage said that she liked to have

*	people about her ; and she

*	*«em. because there U ouite a lar*e
*1? T people in the wurld nowadays
*Uy be called interesting. There are
who do all sorts of marvellous
propound startling theories, wear
B2?** clothes, start quaint religions, dls-
G? a new country, and in many other
&ea? become notorious. Some call them
Mrs. Armytage. whose brain wa*
*• clear as her heart was waim. would

THE NIGGER
PEARL

By

CHARLES GARVICE

   Bui wJial l mean Io Mr n. lUal a irr! who
niViod lo ha'lucination* of Itiia loct an> • -rt. «uu a
•Iron* man lo look altar har.'

have been considerably intrigued in her
management of The Menagerie and her
guests, had it not been for a ccrtain dis-
covery of her own—that is, of her secretary,
Miriam Grey.

   She had found Miss Grey in a hotel in one
of the foreign watering-places which Mrs.
Armytage frequented ; the girl bad bo-
come suddenly an orphan, and, like many
another orphan, had been left penniless by
her father, one of those charming parents
who demonstrate their complete confidence
in Providence by leaving their children en-
tirely to its care. It was the sort of case
to appeal to Mrs. Armytage, who. when
Miriam Grey declined to acccpt charity,
promptly suggested that the girl should
come to her as her secretary The arrange-
ment proved eminently satisfactory ; and
Miss Grey soon got Tlio Menagerie in hand
and ran it with a tact and skill which
astonished her employer—and herself.

  Miss Grey managed the vast household
as if my magic ; the servants—that superior
class which, for mysterious reasons best
known to itself, regards secretaries and
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

governesses with ill-veiled contempt—not
only liked, but actually obeyed, her. More-
over, the guests " took to " and confided in
her ; for shc was well posted up in their
icspcctivc claims to fame- She could talk
to the poet about his Uttle book of verse
which was a matter of confidence between
him and his publishers ; the inventor of a
wonderful gun which an incredulous War
Office refused to believe was capable of
Astroying an immense army by one shot,
fonnd in her a sympathetic though
momenl arily horrified listener : while to
the soul-stirring revelations of the explorer
shc lent an ever-ready aud pretty ear.
Children and dogs adored hcr ; so did the
young men guests, who displayed great in-
genuity in contriving excuses for approach-
ing hcr: she was a very pretty girl, with
dark hair, beautiful grey eyes, and a smile
which had won more hearts than Mrs.
Armytage's.

  Notwithstanding her popularity. Miss
Grey " kept hcr place.” as the butler said
approvingly ; although she was always on
hand when she was wanted, at other times
she sought the seclusion of the pretty,
indeed, luxurious, bedroom and sitting-
room which Mrs. Armytage had insisted
upon allotting to her ; they were two of
the best rooms in the house, and the sitting-
room opened on the south end of the
terrace.

  On a certain morning in June, Mrs.
Armytage, having knocked first—it was
noteworthy that something about Mis.
Grey induced almost a punctilious courtesy
in everybody’s treatment of her; though
ueither by word, look, nor manner did the
girl make any claim to such regard—Mrs.
Armytage, having knocked, bustled into the
room with a sheaf of letters in her hand.

  *' Oh, good morning, my dear." she said,
kissing Miriam affectionately. " How well
you're looking this morning! And as cool
as a—a-"

  " Cucumber is the usual word,” said
Miriam, with a smile, the httlc smile which
transformed the usual gravity of her face
bewitchingly.

  " Nothing of the sort, my dear. You
look like a beautiful lily in that pretty
white dress of routs.'' Miriam laughed
and held out her hands for the letters.
" Nothing particular this morning, my
dear: most of 'em begging letters as
usual. Oh, yes ; I am forgetting ; there
u one. It» from Regg1L- Davroant."
Miriam had lx?en glancing at the letter*.
i«id she looked up quickly and as quickly
down again, a faint colour rising to her face

which was of that complexion we liken 10 ,
old ivory, for lack of a better comparisc11- |
“ He writes and asks if he may come dow»-
The letter is dated four days ago ; I suppo*® j
he had forgotten to post it, which would b®
just like Reggie. He's the wildest liarufl*
scarum. careless young man I know ; Mj I
he’s a dear boy and I'm awfully fond ol
him. Perhaps it's because he’s so t»°°£ j
looking ; no. it's his taking ways. He® j
wheedle a bird off a tree. He's Lor® ,
Davenant’s second son ; but quite unlik® j
his father, who, you know, got his peeraSP J
by- There now! I've forgotten whatj^

   ■ ~ *. x vc I'ji ivu “ .•

was ; but it was something extraordinarily
clever. I'm afraid Reggie doesn't get
very well with hi» father aud his broth®
—you see, he's so wild, and has given the**1
such a lot of trouble."

  “ I understand," murmured Miss Gre>'>
her eyes still fixed on the letter.

  " You always do. my dear," said M**
Armytage, giving the girl's arm a loviof
Uttle pat. “ He's a naughty bey ; but. j
I say, I am very fond of him : everybody. ^
is. and I should like him to come do***' ;
but we are quite full up, aren’t we ? Th* ^
man who killed four lions with a walkifl© ■.
stick ought to have gone ; but he hasp K ,
“ There is the little room next to minCl ]
said Miss Grey reluctantly.

  " Oh. but my dear. I couldn't think l.
letting him have that 1 He'd be an »"
nuisance to you, sitting up half the nig _
smoking: and he's always singing
whistling. No: I won’t have you
turbed, not even for Reggie."

  " I don't think Mr. Davenant will '! j,
turb me," said Miriam. " Htside».’’^^B
a tiny liush, " it's too late for consider*
tion ; he is on his way dewn now- j
says that he will come if you don't **y |
must not.”

  " IVw, dear ! ” *anl Mr>.

" how like him I What is it be done '■ ' .

  " Get his room readv." said Mis*

*• I will see Mrs. Hudson, the lionsekccp6* j
at once.”

   of

 dir

  " I really think you are tbe sweety,

most unselfish--! Oh,there’s Mr. Toj®^

in the garden. I promised to hear his-*
poem ; and I had forgotten all nbout it .

  When she had bustled out, Miriam *7^.
sank into her chair, her hinds clasped b* ^
hcr, her shapely head bent- Shc sat thu*
a minute or two. then, with a 8eStH jjj*
resignation, she went in search gd
housekeeper. Just before lunch she D^jf9.
voices outside her open window. *
Armytafte's and the new visjto*’*. •,nzjg0-
sently those tw o persons entered tb« r<*

108
Charles Garvice

     " Here's Reggie—Mr. Davenant—my
   uear. I've just been warning him that
   ie 6 to keep as quiet as a mouse and not be

   *	nuisance to you." She turned as she
   :P°*» to set the curtain straight, and
   therefore did not see the expression of
   8tupefied amazement and fleeting joy which

upon the good-looking countenance of
gentleman, who opened his mouth to
**claim. but shut it again in obedience to a
jjjght movement of the hand made by Miss
Crey.

      How—how do you do. Miss Grey ? ”
   “® got out with difficulty. " 1 have
   Promised Mrs. Armytage that the pro-
   ^hial mouse will be a tornado of noise
   Cf>mpaxed with me. I'll be as good as gold ;

   *°d 1 think it’s awfully nice of you-”

   j". this moment Mrs. Armytage was
   “ailed from the terrace by one of her
   numerous and exacting guests ; and the
   ‘^stant she had gone out of car-shot, the
   y°ung man's manner changed to one of
   perish eagerness. ” My dear Miriam !

   wJjo would have thought-! ”

   ’*' Miss Grey' would be more appro-
   priate/’ she said in a low voice.

   " Oh. of course : all right ! ” he re-
   *P°nded. " But look here, you know—
   ‘his is so sudden ! I'm knocked all of a
   heap. When we last met. at TrouviUe—

   *	*ay, what's happened ? ” He glanced at
   the black sash on her dainty frock, the
   Wack bow on her blouse.

   " My father died soon after you left. I
   "JUnd that I should have to earn my living.

   *	am earning it very pleasantly. In a
   w°rd. Mr. Davenant, naturally I do not

      to be reminded of a past which has
   8*>ne for ever."

      But--'* he began pleadingly.

   ■	* No. no." she said earnestly. “ Please
   ^ us forget it. Everything has altered.

  resides-”

     ’ I know what you mean." he said
   Quickly, ruefully. " You mean that there
   j1 Oothing between us ; that I have no right
   j® Presume on a mere friendship. I'd hoped
   ^*at tt would have been more—but you

  WAln't let me speak-”

I am glad I did not," she said. " We
*pn't say any more. You will he just one
the visitors ; I—I cannot permit one of
7“* Armytage‘s guests to—to—propose
*®tne" She flushed painfully. "I am

      I can rely on you-"

. If you mean that 1 am not to make
!~*e to you." he said, with a shake of his
r ?*d. ** well. I'll try ; but it will be prccious
..^d There ! Don't look at me like that

 Ha'

v*n‘t I said I will be good ? But look

here, dash it all. you're not going to treat
me as if I were one of the 1 menagerie,’ one
of the dear old lady's freaks ! You'll let me
talk to you—well, not exactly as I used
to try to do ; but just let me tell you about
my troubles and scrapes and the rest of it.
Do you remember how I used to bore you ?
There’s something about you. Miri—Miss
Grey—which makes a man run to you for
help and advice, as a bear makes for honey.
You're got a sympathetic nature, and—well,
you understand. Angels are always beauti-
ful, and I’ve an idea that the general run of
them are not what you'd call clever, while
you—beg pardon !—I’d forgotten for the
moment-"

  *' Oh, yes ; you can tell me anything you
want to," conceded Miriam resignedly.
" I hope tilings are going well with you ? ”

  " Rotten." he said laconically. They
always are. My people still regard me as
a black sheep, and not a prize one at that.
I’ve tried my hand at one or two things,
but muffed them, as usual. You see, I
hadn't you at hand to advise me-"

  A neat ind demure housemaid put in an
appcarancc, and Miss Grey said in her best
secretarial manner.

  ” The niaid will show you your room, Mr.
Davenant. Lunch is at one-thirty."

  Regarding the servant more in sorrow
than in anger, the young man took his
departure. On entering the crowded
dining-room, at lunch time, he observed that
Miss Grey was seated at the bottom of the
table, and was cheerfully marching to-
wards the chair next hers when a footman
intercepted and guided him to a seat beside
his hostess ; and it says much for this
good-for-nothing’s command of counten-
ance and temper that he displayed no sign
of disappointment or chagrin, but. his face
wearing its pleasant smile, at once set out
to charm and amuse his hostess. Hia re-
peated attempts during the afternoon to
approach Miss Grey proved as futile as
that at lunch. And it was with rather a
rueful countenance that, when he went into
the drawing-room after dinner, clad in
what the old-fashioned novelist loved to
call " immaculate evening dress,’’ he found
Miss Grey seated in a corner and heavily
barricaded by several of the freaks, who
appeared to be all talking at once to her.
IVrforce he had to turn to his hostess, who.
blazing in rare and costly gems of various
colours, was seated in an arm-chair and. like
a keeper, surveying her collection of curious
animals with bland complacency.

  ’’ I say, got ’em all on to-night, aantie ! "
he said, running his eyes over her plump

109
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

and scintillating figure with a kind of
impudence which, goodness knows why, no
woman ever seemed to resent. Mrs. Armv-
tagc, who liked him to call her " auntie."
though they were in no way related, patted
him on the arm and laughed as she replied,
•' Oh, not all, my dear. I think it's very
bad taste to wear too much jewellery. It
makes one conspicuous."

   " The Court is with you," he said gravely.
" The few things you've got on to-night
just show 'em what you could do if you
liked. Is there anything new. anything I
haven't seen ? "

  *' I’m sure I don't know, my dear," she
said, looking down upon her begemmed
bosom and arms. " No, I don't think so.
Oh, yes, I fancy this black pearl is new since
ou were down last." She touched with
er fat finger a perfect and matchless pearl
wliich hung as a pendant to a thin chain.
'■ I call it my nigger pearl. A nice one,
isn’t it ? "

  " Stunning I " he responded. " Far and
away the best I have seen. George I It
glows like a—like a hot coal. Where did
you pick that up ? It must be worth quite
a pot of money ; sort of ’ king's rausom ’
they used to talk about.”

   '• Yes ; it. did cost a great deal, my dear,"
she admitted with a sigh of satisfaction.
“ I got it at that Maharajah's sale—I never
can pronounce (he man's name. It is sup-
posed to be unique."

  " Shouldn't wonder." said Reggie. " By
the way, isn’t that rather a flimsy chain
you’ve got it on ? Looks to me an if the
slightest thing would break it. If that pearl
were mine, I should have it fixed to a
ship’s cable—until I’d pawned it.”

  ‘ Do you know I was saying to Mehham.
my maid, only this morning that this chain
was scarcely safe. I’ll get a thicker one.
Itwould be a pity to lose thepearl/'she said.

  “ Rather," responded Reggie absently,
for at that moment the human barrier in
front of Miss Grey had thinned somewhat,
and he sprang up and hurried towards the
breach; but before lie could reach her. a
little boy, the child of a political Polish
lady who had been banished from her
native country, probably for that country’s
good, ran across the room and flung him-
self at Mira Grey, who immediately lifted
him to her lap and appeared to be so
absorbed in fondling him that she had no
attention tobcstowonMr. Reggie Davenant
“ Look here." he said at last in a low
and aggrieved voice, ” the kid’s hail his
innings. I've listened to his innocent
prattle; I've let him crease my slnrt-

front; I’ve answered one hundred and
fifteen questions; also, he's ruined my
watch for life and pulled half the hairs out
of my moustache : don't you think it's my
turn now ? T ry, for a few precious moment*,
to regard me as a little beast with long curl*
and a blue velvet frock with roother-of*
pearl buttons."

  " What do you want ? " asked Miriam,
still engrossed with the child.

   " If I were to tell you all I wanted,*' I1®
said slowly and solemnly. " it would take
about two days and a half. No. it wouldn't I
It would take about one minute.—All right,
all right. I’ll behave 1" he declared hastily,
in deprecation of the drawing together P*
her brows, wluch he recognised as a dange*'
signaL " But I want to tell you something,
something important. I’ve got a letter to-
night-” At this inauspicious momeo*

a gentleman ivho had invented an ingehi'
ously smoked glass for viewing cclipse*
waddled towards them and was greeted with
Miss Grey's usual smile of tolerance, if not
encouragement.

  '* Oh, da—dash—it all I " groaned
Reggie. " Look here. I'll be on the terrac*
at half-past ten to-morrow—don't say yo»
won't come. How do yon know I haven't
invented a way of getting to tho moon.
shot a double-headed elephant ? You hav*
to be a freak in this in fern—blessed liousO
to receive decent attention."

  " Good evening," bleated the inventof
of quaint astronomical instruments. " M»y
I a»k if you take any interest in solar phene*
mona, Mr. Davenant ? "

  “ No.” said Reggie bluntly. “ I tasted
it once and I didn't like it.”

  " Ah," said the confused gentleman- •
" Pity, pity I—But I know Miss Grey dem-
and I should like to show her-"

  Reggie walked off. with a frown on
generally smooth forehead, and rage in h>*
usually blithesome heart.

  The next morning at the appointed ho“f
he was on the terrace outside Miriam*
window : and after he had paced up an<J
down half a dozen times, she appeared l»k®
a vision of youthand beautyand, better still-
womanly charm—so exquisite a vision tb#* i
Reggie was able only to stand and g»*e *
her speechlessly for a full minute. , j
" I can't work while you pace up

down like a wild beast-" she began- „

   ” What else can you do In a menageri* >..
he demanded. " And let me tell you th3'“;
you hadn't shown up. you would have b«**°
me roaring and clawing at the window-
” 1 cau give you live minutes," she sa*"
glancing at hcr'wrist-watcli.

no
Little Signs That Reveal
Character at a Glance

 The Simple Knack of Knowing All About a Person at Sight

 EVERY one knows that a high forehead
 j indicates the intellectual type, that
 fr. a receding denotes weakness, while a
 BP*>Ctd chin means determination —
 yc things and a few other signs are under-
 by all. But often these signs are
 ^-■ierbalanced by others which are just
 I j*PParem, but which the average person
 know how to diagnose.

 I consequence, we often jump to

 tLl_u*lOns about r>.*onle. which nrnire inrn

 con-

IA? a j_ __|__|

Kgj°i»s about people, which prove incorrect
F^USC We ^on * cjrry our observations far
It’s like trying to read a sentence
^looking at the first one or two words.
|jj® toight guess the sense, but more likely
E? not Wf'd go wrong. Yet once you
ES* the sccret you can understand what

I * ci S,Kn* mean anc* Kcl at a Kjance
HL*®*l>plcte picture of the characteristic* of
| Person you meet, as easily as you read
I Pa«e.

this to Ix true, for I used to be
the poorest judge of character that I
BCj • I was always making friends, only to
they were the wrong kind, or saying
Ij^ong thing to my customers liecause
| > |!~Jkiled to “ ***£ them up" correctly,
money to people who never m-
pSfd to pay me back. I even made a
mistake by giving up a j;ood job to
'''to, partnership with a nun who turned
^ be liule short of a thief.

 S^*as pretty much discouraged by this
^ ; *nd I determined that the thing for
« j*® do was to learn to read character,
fct, -h a thing as that was possible, for 1
I tfi^. at unless I did know whom I could
j fc. *nd whom I couldn't, I never would
hr.

I *Hv.iWaa about this time that I read an
•bout Dr. Blarkfnrd, ooe of the lore-
V, j*a»a. ter analysts, who was employed
| 4^ company at a record fee to select
^I^J'pI'jyee*. I thought then that if

•	%	business men paid such a salary

      *» order to insure their getting the
of workers, there surely must In-
‘ ^totog »n character reading for me.

day my eye was attracted to an

announcement of a lecture on Character
Analysis by Dr. Blackford, and I decided to
go and see if I could learn anything.

That lecture was an eye opener J Not
only did Dr. Blackford show how easy it is
to read at a glance the little signs that reveal
a person’s character, but after the lecture
she gave a remarkable demonstration of
character reading that amazed tbe audience.

She asked the audience to select two
people in the hall to come up and be
analysed. Several men, all of them entirely
unknown to her, were suggested, and finally
two were chosen. As they came upon
the platform Dr. Blackford looked them
over keenly, and, after a moment's thought,
began to analyse both of them at once. As
she mentioned the characteristics of one, she
described the corresponding characteristics
in the other.

  Beginning with generalities, she told the
audience, every one of whom seemed to
know both men, that one was sociable,
active, bold and determined, while the other
was more or less of a recluse, very self-con-
tained, quiet and gentle.

  The first, she said, was brilliant, clever,
quick-witted, and resourceful; the second,
a silent man, slow and deliberate when he
spoke, and relied upon calm, mature judg-
ment rather than brilliant strokes of ingenuity
and wit.

  The first man, according to Dr. Blackford,
was active, restless, always on the go, im-
patient, and able to express himself only
in some resolute, apgressive manner. The
second man was studious, plodding, and con-
stant, and expressed himself after prolonged
concentration and careful thought. The fint
man, the doctor said, was therefore especially
equipped to execute plans, to carry to success
any course of action, but was not particu-
larly qualified to make plans or to map out
a cour.-e of action —he could make practical
use of many different kind* of knowledge,
but did not have the patiencc or the
of concentration to search out and cl
the knowledge to that it could be ui
While he was a brilliant speaker, a resource-
ful and effective debater, he lacked the power

tit
112

AD VKflTlSnMF.NTS

to dig out and Assemble the material for
orations nnd debates. The second man, she
continued, being shy and self-conscious,could
not speak in public, but was a master of study
and research, and strong in his ability to
classify and correlate all kinds of knowledge.

  “The first gentleman,” said Dr. Blackford,
“ would be a remarkable success as a lawyer,
especially in court practice. The second
would also be a remarkable success as a
lawyer, but his particular field would be the
preparation of cases and the giving of advicc
to clients. Therefore,’’ she went on, “ they
would be particularly fitted to work together
as partners, not only because they comple-
ment each other professionally, but because
their dispositions are such that they would
naturally admire and respect each other.”

  As she said this the audience broke into a
storm of applause, and upon inquiry I learned
lhal the two men were indeed lawyers and
partners, that they had been partners for
twenty years, and were well known for their
intense affection for each other, and for the
fact that during their twenty years' partner-
ship they had never had a disagreement.
One was the brilliant court lawyer, the other
the student and adviser, and as a tearn they
were remarkably successful.

  When the lecture was over, it didn’t take
me long to get up to the platform and in-
quire as to how I could learn more about
character reading, and I found that Dr.
Blackford lud just completed a popular
Course that explained the whole thing and
which would be sent on approval, without
charge, for examination. I immediately
wrote the publishers, and received the Course
by return post.

  And when it came I was never so amazed
in my life—for here was the whole secret in
seven fascinating lessons. No hard study,
no tiresome drudgery, just interesting
pictures and simple directions that 1 couldn't
go wrong on.

  Why, the very first lesson gave me hints
I could use right away, and it was only a
matter of a few weeks before I was able at
one quick but careful survey to tell just what
a man was like by what he looked like.

  And what a revelation it was I For the
first time I really knav people whom I
thought I had known for years. It was ail

so simple now that it hardly seemed _
that I could have made such mistakes*5
did before I heard of Dr. Blackford.

  People took on a new interest. InSiei“5
of just “ciphers,” each one became a defifl^
personality, with qualities, tastes, and trajj
which I was always able to “ spot." Wjj|
the very act of meeting people became
most fascinating pastime in the world. A"
how much more clearly my own characj*
loomed up to me. I know as never bef0^
my limitatidns and my capabilities.

  But it has been in contact with peopWH
business that my new faculty has helped
most—to say that it has been worth hundred*
of pounds to me is to put it mildly. It JjJjj
enabled me to select a new partner who
proved the best help a man ever had-"
has made it possible for us to build
probably the most efficient “ frictionle** .
organization in our line of business,
every man in the right job—it has been *5
means of my securing thousands of P°un'Lj
worth of business from men I had nev
been able to deal with because I hadfl
judged them correctly, for after all, bustfjj
relations depend more on knowing the
you’re dealing with than any one thing
and what I've learned from I)r. BUdrfJJ
lessons enables roc to know as much
a man the first time I meet him as his “
friend—sometimes more.

  Is it any wonder that many of the
enterprises have solicited Dr. Blacktop
advice ; or that thousands of heads of j
corporations, salesmen, engineers, physic**®**!
bankers, and educators have studied
Course, and say tliat the benefit derive"
worth thousands of pounds to them?

Send No Money

  The biggest surprise about Dr. Blackfo^L
Course you haven't read yet—and that j*,*-'
price. If, after examining the seven lcS*j,c
in your own home, you decide to keep ^
Course, you need only send 30/- ‘IVged
payment. If you are not entirely

rhh the Course, send it back within
days and you will owe nothing.

Merely send a postcard or
euclosing any money—and the
be sent to you post free.

  You take no risk, and you have ev
to gain, so write at once, before to
markable offer is withdrawn.

letter^
Course ^

National Business and Personal Efficiency (Blackford's DeP1
THE STANDARD ART BOOK CO., Ltd.

60, CHANCERY LANE, W.C2
Charles Garvice

    1 <1 rather have five minutes from

     —	Here, don’t go ! " She had turned
  l*lc room. " Bog pardon ! O Lord.
  n\>'ou scc I can’t help it ? "

    Nearly one minute gone,” observed
  m 'n 4 businesslike way.

    Righto 1 Let's sit down on this seat.
W worn out. In a nutshell. I’ve just had
■Chance offered me of joining this expedi-
l0n to Nairobi. Read about it ? Of
"Urs* you have I Is there anything you
““n't know ? It’s a good thing. There’s
“tooey in it."

  ' And are you going ? I’m glad, very
"■ad,” she said, just a trifle too fervently.
L*Oh, are you ? ” he said, eyeing her
5*°cnnih. *’ Well. I’m sorry to abate your
■fjjasports of joy at the prospect of getting
of me. but there's a little obstacle. I've
•frt to find a thousand pounds. It's like
P11® of those stories with a ' catch ' in it,
"n't it > My only way ol getting that
r®*o*»sal sum of money is by committing
Salary or highway robbery; and. by
J^frge, I'm almost ready for either plan,
p something tells me that this expedition
*5 going to turn out a winner ; and ii it
*“OUld and I'm in it. I should be in a posi-

«on to—to-’’

  There was no need for him to finish the
r**>tcnce. The colour rose faintly to
jyiam's face, she averte<l her eyes ; but.
Partied, she turned them again at a new
“^'e in his voice, and saw that his face had
•fcfclenh i become haggard with the terrible

       °* a 1,14,1 5 P45*100
     Oh. my dear, you force me to make

*	i^ke of it," he said hoarsely; " but if
    knew, if you knew, how much I love

   how hadlv I want you-1 Miriam,

trie that if I can join thus Nairobi thing
prove myself—well, not worthy of
but just worthy to kiss those little
of yours, you’d—you d give yourself
ttc, and I'll get that thousand pounds if
*'~I had to commit murder."
t * Hash J" she said, an<l her voice
j**<«h|ed. " That's one reason why I
“•“Mn't say it. No. no ! "

.But her heart clamoured " Ye*, yes "
Reggie would have won this wonderful
"j there and then, if the Polish kid had
appeared at that moment and ran at
at once engrossing Miriam's attention
2^ so saving—or spoiling—the situation.
JPapgely enough, though one would have
y^ttght an intelligent child would have
aware that he had not made a favour-
impression, httle Paulo displayed a
c*at liking for the unsatisfied and irritated
^*t. and Reggie, who at ordinary time*

was fond ol children, was compelled to
reciprocate the infant’s advances. Indeed,
so fascinated was Paulo on this occasion
that he deserted Miss Grey and insisted
upon his new friend accompanying him to
view the tomb of a kitten at whose obsequies
the infant had assisted in the early morning.

  All things come to him who waits, and
after dinner that evening Reggie managed
to lure Miriam into one of the aute-rooms.
He looked as if he were suffering from sup-
pressed excitement; his face was pale, his
eyes, bright at most times. weTe unduly
brilliant, and unconsciously he gripped her
arm as he whispered,

  ” Miriam. I think I sec a way to getting
that thousand. It will be unpleasant, it
will be dangerous, but I'll try it. Too much
depends—hold on ! I'm not going to talk
to you again as I did this morning—too
much may depend on my getting it. for me
to hesitate at the means. Oh. dash my
hat," he groaned. " here comes that woman
who says we ought to eat the shell with the
egg.—No. Mrs. Boggles. I always leave the
shell. Seems to me as if it would look
greedy to eat the whole caboose. And if
the egg-shells, why not the egg-cup ?
What ? " And so. with a despairing glance
at Miriam, he made his escape.

  Miriam sat up in her bedroom ouite late
that night, her hairfallingover her shoulders,
her bauds clasped in her lap. She was not
asking herself whether she loved Reggie
Davenant or not, because she knew the
answer. Indeed, she loved 'bim very
dearly : but she was not bhnd to the fact
that he was not perfect: she wouldn’t have
loved him if he had been. She knew that
there were weaknesses in that charming
character ; but she told herself, as mi»l
women do, that she could help to get rid
uf them. Yes, he needed her ; and a woman
loves to think that she is necessary to the
well-being of the men to whom she has given
her heart. And. oh 1 she had given the
whole of it to Reggie ; there was not a
little scrap left in her bosom, in which there
woukl be a lamentable vacancy, unless she
tilled it with that heart of hi'. She spent a
sleepless night.

  In the morning, at breakfast time,
Reggie announced, with a cheerfulness
highly creditable to him, that he had
promised to go for a drive with Mrs Army-
tage, who was anxious that he should
confirm her decision to purchase a large
property in the neighbourhood . and he
was stUl smiling as they were stwring,
until he managed to catch Miriam's eyr
when the smile was repbeed by a lock ».l

1x3
 Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

such entreaty and longing that her hand
trembled as she arranged the light rug over
her patron's knees.

  Soon after the carriage had gone, the
maid who attended on Reggie's bedroom
met Miriam on the terrace.

   " Oh. Miss Grey,"shesaid, " I wanted 10
speak to you about Mr. Davenant’s room.”

  " What is the matter. Mary ? " asked
Miriam with a smile. " Ha3 he been
breaking up the furniture ? He has been
very quiet.

   " Oh. no. miss." replied Mary promptly,
and with a rather shocked air, for. like
most of her sex. she had given her heart,
iu a strictly proper sense in her case, be it
understood, to that ingratiating young
man, who. shc declared in the servants’
hall, was a perfeck gentleman and as hand-
some as any man had a right to be. " Oh,
no, indeed, miss ; but he will drop his cigar
and cigarette ash all over the place; and
I thought if you would be so good as to let
me have an ash tray—not one of the usual
small ones, but something as he couldn't

help seeing- Oh, thank you, miss.” she

added as she turned away. ” and would
you mind locking his door as you come
out ? Master Paulo is always running in
and out, trying to find Mr. Davcnant—so
fond he is of him. And no wonder, he's
got such a taking way with him."

  " Yes : he has, Mary." said Miss Grey
meekly.

   She found a silver bowl in her room and
carried it in to Mr. Davenanfs. She was
there only a moment, so to speak, but when
she camo out her face was deathly white,
and as shc turned the key in the door, she
clung to the handle, as if shc had been
overtaken by a sudden weakness. She had
scarcely reached hcr own room, when, to
her surprise, shc saw Mrs. Armytage's pony
phaeton driving up to the terrace.

  " Oh, my dear I " cried that lady. “ we
have had to come back. I've remembered—
that Is to say, I've forgotten, something.

I won't be a minute. Reggie."

   " Can't I get it. whatever it is ? ” asked
Miriam, in a dulled voice.

  “ No. no. I won’t trouble you. dear .”
replied Mrs. Armytage. and shc hurried
into the house.

  “ Miriam/' said Reggie in a low voice.
*> this is a special mercv. I want to tell vou
that I feel sure now that I can get that
money. I shnll go up to town to-night.
Promise me that when I come back to say
good-bye you will give me five minutes

—What is the matter ? You look pale__

actually white I ”

   Before she could reply, they were botb
startled by shrill cries of " Miriam V'
Miriam I '*

  " That is Mrs. Armytage ! What
happened ? ” murmured Miriam.

  “ One moment/’ he pleaded.

   " No. no.” she said agitatedly. "
wants me—I must go.”

   She hurried into the house. Mrs. Arn>5*
tage was standing on the top of the
staircase, hcr face red, her hands cluc
the bannister rail.

   " Oh, Miriam, come up at once I "
cried agitatedly.

   Miriam ran up the stairs and foil
Mrs. Armytage into her dressing-room.

  “ My dear, something has happe
said the old lady. " I've had a s<
loss. There now 1 I’m frightening y0®-
I-Iow stupid of me ! Don't look so sc
my child ; it’s not a death, but—but—-i
nigger, my black pearl.” Miss Grey-
usually so calm and self-possessed,
behind hcr for a chair and dropped into
" It's all right, my dear. There, there

for goodness sake-I You'll upset n1®'

if you break down.”

" The pearl ? ’* said Miriam, moist
hcr dry lips- ” Are you sure ? "

“ Quite sure, my" dear.” replied M**:
Army-tage. with a portentous nod. _
took it out of the jewel-case this liiormw
intending to pack it up and send it**
London to got a stronger chain—Retffi.
advised me to do so. I left it on the ia"\
here," she placed her fat hand on the tab**'

" and forgot it.”	fj.

  " The safe-" suggested Miriam, !

face had lost something of its recent pal*0 j
“ My dear, of course. I've looked ! AJjJj
in my bag, everywhere ; though I
perfectly sure and certain and could 1
it in a Court of Justice that I left the tbi®* |
just here."	_ .jj

  " What—what is to be done ? "

Miriam. Shc spoke quite steadily :
and her eyes, though they had a Prc‘*cB**S' J
expression ia them, met Mrs. Army tag* J
unwaveringly.

   " That's what I’m asking myscli.
course. I don’t want to lose- ray prorI--fjj
lenow what a beauty and how valu»b««
is—bat I should hate to call in the pojjj'jj
and make a newspaper a flair of it. S«gj
person—ahem I Rcr«ic u always
me about what he calls my freak* a»d**J.
folly of making friends with people 1 tfy
nothing about, just because they 're int^rev
mg ; and it is just possible that
has yielded to a sodden tempt ation-
there, again, none of the visitors ever cc'ip __

 I

*14
   The Secret

                       of being a

Convincing Talker

           How I learned It In one evening

          By GEORGE RAYMOND

   HAVE you heard the news about
   Frank Jordan ? ”

—I j.	This question quickly brought

little group which had gathered
=entre of the office. Jordan and I had
EC'Cd wiih the Great Extern Machinery
*ithin a month of each other, four
Eu* ®go. A year ago Jordan was taken
^ lnc accountants’ department, and I was
LjJ °t;t as traveller. Neither of us was
® with an unusual degree of brilliancy,
made good in our new jobs well
*8Q to keep them.

my amazement, tiien, when 1

just been made secretary of the

!jJ could hardly believe my ears. But
’Jj, ‘r the " Notice to Employees ” on
K^ice board, telling about Jordan's good

I knew ihat Jordan was a capable
*v., • Quiet and unassuming, but I never
a have selected him for any such sudden

    *	knew, too, that the Secretary of the
} Eastern had to be a big man, and I
C~**ed how in the world Jordau secured

gJj*Kiw».

kt&?,first chance 1 got 1 walked into
^ s new office, and after congratulating
Silk rtnly' * “ked him to give me the
Hi, ** °f how he jumped ahead so quickly.
*>5 y >s so intensely interesting that I
to repeat it as closely as 1 re-

^ y°u i1151 ^ow >l happened, George,
%iS you 5na>' IMCk “P » point or two that

 s ^c,p you.

remember how seared 1 used to

3	i*'>«.-vcr I had to talk to the chief?
\ mber how you used lo tell me

V	folf1? * opened my mouth I put
   ™ into it, meaning, of course, that

every time I spoke I got into trouble? You
remember when Ralph Sinton left to take
charge of the Western office and I was
asked to present him with the silver cup
the boy# gave him, how flustered I was
and how I couldn’t say a word because
there were people around ? You remember
how confused I used to be every time
I met new people? 1 couldn’t say what I
wanted to say when 1 wanted to say it;
and I determined that if there was any
possible cliar.cc to learn how to talk, 1 was
going to do it.

  “The first thing 1 did was to buy a
number of books on public speaking, but
they seemed to be meant for those who
wanted to become orators, whereas what 1
wanted to learn was not only how to speak
in public, but how to speak to individuals
under various conditions in business and
social life.

  “A few weeks later, just as I was about
to give up hope of ever learning how to
talk interestingly, 1 read an announcement
stating that l5r. Frederick Law had just
completed a new course in business talking
and public speaking entitled 4 Mastery of
Sj>ecch.’ The course was offered on ap-
proval without money in advance, so since
I had nothing whatever to lose by examining
the lessons, 1 sent for them, and in a few
days they arrived. I glanced through the
entire eight lessons, resding the headings
and a few paragraphs here and there, and in
about an hour the whole secrct of effective
speaking was opened to me

  "For example, I learned why I had
always lacked confidence, why talking had
always seemed something to be dreaded,
whereas it is really the simplest thing in the
world to * get up and talk ' I learned how
to secure complete attention to what I was
saying, and how to make everything I said
interesting, forceful, and convincing. 1
 116

ADVERTISEMENTS

learned the art of listening, the value of
silence, and the power of brevity. Instead
of being funny at the wrong time, I learned
how and when to use humour with telling
effect.

  “But perhaps the most wonderful part
of the lessons were tho actual examples of
what things to say and when to say them
to meet every condition. I found that
there was a knack in making oral reports
to my superiors. I found that there was
a right way and a wrong way to present
complaints, to give estimates, and to issue
orders.

  “ I picked up some wonderful [joints
about how to give my opinions, about how
to answer complaints, about how to ask
the bank for a loan, about how to ask for
extensions. Another thing that struck me
forcibly was that, instead of antagonising
people when I didn’t agree with them, I
learned how to bring them round to my
way of thinking in the most pleasant sort
of way. Then, of course, along with those
lessons there were chapters on speaking
before large audiences, how to find material
for talking and speaking, how to talk to
friends, how to talk to servants, and how
to talk to children.

  "Why, 1 got the secret the very first
evening, and it was only a short time before
I was able to apply all of the principles, and
found that my words were beginning to
have an almost magical effect upon every-
body to whom I spoke. It seemed that
I got things done instantly, whereas for-
merly, as you know, what I said went ‘in
one ear and out the other.’ I began to
.acquire an executive ability that surprised
me. I smoothed out difficulties like a true
diplomat. In my talks with the chief I
spoke clearly, simply, convincingly. Then
came my first promotion since I entered the
accounting department. I was given the
job of answering complaints, and I made
good. From that I was given the job of
making collections. When Mi# Buckley
joined the Otficers’ Training Corps I was
made secretary. Between you and me,
George, my salary is now £ 1,500 a year,
and I expect it will be more from the first
of the year.

  •' And I want to tell you honestly that I

attribute my success solely to the fact
I learned how to talk to people.”

When Jordan finished, I asked hiffl \

~ , jjg

Course, and he gave it to me. I sent H“

 the address of the publishers of Dr.

and found it to be exactly as he had sta*
After studying the eight simple le
began to seil to people who had p:
refused to listen to me at all. A
months of record-breaking sales during
dullest season of the year I received a
from the chief asking me to return to
city office. We had quite a long ti ’
which I explained how I was able to
sales records—and I was appointed
Manager at almost twice my former

I	know that there was nothing in I
had changed except that I had »
the ability to talk where formerly I
used “ words without reason.” I can
thank Jordan enough for telling me
Dr. Law’s Course in Business Talking,
Public Speaking. Jordan and I are
spending all our spare time in making ]
speeches on political subjects, and J
is being talked about now as Mayor 0*
town.

SEND NO MONEY

  So confident is the Standard Art - ^
Co., Ltd , publishers of " Mastery of
Dr. Law’s Course in Business Talking
Public Speaking, that once you hM^j
opportunity to see in your own home
you can, in one hour, learn the
speaking, and how you can apply the
ciples of effective .qteech under all con®1^
that they are willing to send you the
for free examination.

  Don't send any money. Merely * p I
a letter and the complete Course [
sent, all charges prepaid, at once. " 1
arc not entirely satisfied, send it baC* j j
time within three days after you rt*?
and you will owe nothing.	Jm

  On the other hand, if you are as p'
as are the thousands of other
women who have taken the Course,
only 30*. in full payment. You t*» '
risk, and you have everything to i j
write now before this remarkable	I

withdrawn. 35,000 men and wC,,oe?, fr*1
ordered Dr. I-aw’s Course during ***
three months.

National Business and Personal Efficiency (Law’s Dept*
THE STANDARD ART BOOK CO., LTD.
60, Chancery Lane. W.C.a

 I)
! my room ; I'm uot one of those women
, ®o like to have another woman chatter-
and pottering about while I'in doing
g? hair. There's no one. excepting
SWshain ; and it's ridiculous to suspect
®*»hani. because she could have taken
whole swag—as Reggie calls it—ever
Plany times, if she had wanted to. And
is you : but of course, that is ridicu-
r08— ■' The good lady broke off with a
**ugh. " j was thinking," she resumed
B^ghtfully, " that perhaps, after all.
®»ght send for a private detective. Yes.
read that it is the right tiling to leave
HpVything untouched in your rooms and
j® lock your doors so that the detective
find everything just as it was when
crime was committed. And that's
*at I shall do, my dear.”
u Yes." assented Miriam with a sigh.

' And yet-" She stopped, her head

U5 one side, as if she were considering.
I don’t think I will. I shall go for
Py drive, and we ll see if anything happens
l'm away. Turn the key, dear, but
!*?Vc it in the lock. You still look very
P* and upset Now, go and lie down
bathe your forehead with that lotion
j^Ofessor Wilkins discovered. You know
-j fays that it never fails to cure the Red
Eiwans of their terrible headaches."

E. Miss Grey went down the stairs slowly,
Cjytttng the rail now and again, as if she
i «*Wed its support. Mrs. Armytage fol-
her as far as the head of the stairs,
she paused, and going to the ojieri
Bgdow overlooking the terrace, called
and beckoned to Reggie, who was
rrjfcfag up and down, impatiently awaiting
**riaia'» return.

. ' Xow what is it ? *' he muttered, but
obeyed the signal, entered the house by
«•** nearest door, and reached the corridor

 2	*he second staircase. Mrs. Armytage
 *®!*ed him by the arm with the gesture of a
 P&pirator aud drew him into the room
 Opposite her own.

    ‘‘ Reggie." she suid in a stage whisper,
    {«lost my nigger.”

_ Lost your a ‘hat ? " he exclaimed.

     My black pearL"
 i The deuce you have I ” be said, induced
 , her example to whisper also. " Not
 ! You’ve mislaid it, auntie. Have

    looked-? *'

. L I've searched everywhere. Now. don't
as if you didn’t believe me. I left it
,‘he table here. .111 d it's been stolen."
Whom do you suspect ? " he asked.
Nobody.”

here,” be said confidently. " 1

Charles Garvicc

bet you five to one iu Bradburys that
you'll find it at the bottom of your knitting
basket or in one of the silly bags you lug
about with you everywhere. Will you
take my bet ? "

  " Reggie, bosensible. I tell you-Hush!

What's that ? Someone is coming to put it
back ! Quick ! ! " She drew him further
into the room, partly closed the door, and
beckoned him to look through the narrow
opening. They saw Miriam Grey coming
along tho corridor, not with her usual light,
firm step and erect heail. but hurriedly,
stealthily, her head bent, her face white
to the very lips. Reggie would have cried
out, called to her, but Mrs. Armytage
clutched his arm and warned him to
silence. They saw Miriam stop before her
patron's door, unlock it. and enter the room.

  " Oh, in God's name, what does it
mean ? " asked Mrs. Armytage in a kind
of horror.

  “ What does wbat mean ? " demanded
Reggie fiercely, and as he spoke, he tlung
open the door and crossed the corridor,
Mrs. Armytage faltering fearfully behind
him. Miss Grey heard their footsteps and
turned. With a cry she confronted them,
then she flung her hands before her face.
From one of her hands fell a slight, small
object. Reggie flew to her. and Mrs
Armytage stooped and picked up the
object. It was the black pearl. She gazed
at it as it lay in her open palm, hcr face
working, thqn she burst into tears.

“ It's the nigger." she sobbed. *‘ Oh, my
dear, how could you t You ! Ycm 1 "
Reggie had half led. half carried Miriam
Grey to a sofa, aud he turned an angry and
fiercely indignant face on Mrs. Armytage.

  " What on earth are you saying ? " he
demanded. Then he went white and stood
for a moment, silent. " Do you mean to
charge Miriam—Miss Grey with stealing
the beastly thing : You must be out of
your mind.”

  '* I suppose 1 must be." quavered Mrs.
Armytage. " But it dropped—she did—
drop it. Oh. my dear 1 how could you I
And me so loud of you 1"

  *! Stop that! " said Reggie steridy.
" The tiling is impossible She could no
more steal your blessed jewellery than I
could kill a baby in cold Wood. Tell her
so. Miriam, and let's put an «nd to this
nonsense." He turned to her ; and she
met his eyes with a sad. * curious look m
hers. The other two waited, hung breath-
lessly on her silence: r.he broke it at last
” I took it," she said in » toneless, leaden
voice.

XI7
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

  "You took-1" he gasped. Theu

he burst into a harsh laugh. " Oh, come oS
it, you two ! " he said derisively. " Is this
bit of spoof got up for my benefit ? Is it a
sort of charade-? " He stopped sud-
denly, for there was no responsive smile; on
the face of either woman, and Miriam stood
motionless as a statue, her face set.
impassive.

  “ Oh, say you found it, my dear 1 "
wailed Mrs. Armytage. “ Say something
—any thing ! "

   " I took it,” repeated Miriam. ” There
is nothing more to be said.” She looked
for one instant at Reggie's haggard face.
" I will never say anything else ; you may
do with me whatever you please. I—I
stole it.”

   " That's all right! " said Reggie, through
his clenched teeth. " We'll let it go at
that. You’ve got yonr pearl back, auntie,
so you're all serene. I don't suppose you
want to make -a fuss, but if you do, make
it. We don't care. My wife and I are
going out to Nairobi-”

   " Your wife ! ” gasped Mrs Armytage.

  " Yes.” he said. ” Miriam knows I
love her ; here and now 1 beg her to marry
me-”

   " No, no ! ” Miriam panted. " Never 1 ”

   " Yes ; I think you will," he said quietly.
" Oh, no, I'm not taking advantage of this
a flair But what I mean to say is, that a
girl who is subject to hallucinations of this
sort, any sort, wants a strong man to look
after her. Up to date, it is you who. very
properly, ought to have looked after me ;
but that's changed—1 was going to say
' thank goodness ’ ! I'm going to marry
you, dear, if I have to carry you to church
in my arms. As to Nairobi. I shall tal:o
you there. Don't you be afraid that I
shan't make you liappy: I love you too
much to fail. See ?

   Miriam sank on to the sofa, and covering
hor face with her hands, sobbed softly.
Ho went to her and put his arm round her
and kopt It round her, though she strove
to push it away.

" You’re going to Na
Mrs. Armytage.

   " Yes, auutie,” he said cheerfully, though
he Was still pale and liis lips twitched. " 1
wanted a thousand quid for my share in
the expedition, and I’ve got it—What’s
the matter, dearest ? ” he asked gently,
soothingly, for Miriam had started and was
gazing at him in a startled. horrified fashion.
"I’ve just sold my reversion 'Jhere'll
he a devil of a row when the governor and
kdward bear of it, and 1 daresay the old

 i Nairobi f " stammered

 Jr«*

man will cut me out of his will. N
mind that. I’m going to make myfortOflg
—Dearest, dearest, what is it ? ”

  Miriam had torn herself from him
was staring at him with amazement
relief now—in her eyes. At this dr
moment there came the sound of c—
weeping and wailing from the corridor,
door was kicked violently, and when J*®
Armytage pulled herself together su£
to open it, Paulo waddled in, his fists to
eyes, liis face red and swolleu, and his
extended by howls of lamentation.

" Oh dear I oh dear 1 What is the ina(5!
now ? " wailed Mrs. Armytage, as she
the child to her.

  ” Boo-hoo ! boo-hoo ! " sobbed I
" I've lost my pretty icklc egg."

  ” He means he's swallowed it,

Reggie impatiently. " For goodnes
give him something, anything, and get
of him.”

  " I hasn't 'wallowed it.” blub?

Paulo indignantly. " I tooked it
Misser Weggie's woom, and now
gorned. Mawy and me has looked e
where."

At this moment Mrs. Armytage ha
to open her hand, which all this time
been closed on the pearl; and the n»
Master Paulo caught sight of that
but troublesome gem, hefpounced on
a hawk pounces on a moose.

  ” Why, you'se dot it I " he e
resentfully.’ ” You went and stoled
Wot a shame : 'cause it was mine: 5
founded it on that table there. Mawy'**»t
nobody's been in Misser Weggie's
but Miss Miwiam. Did you stole it f * j
landed severely of Miriam, as he tod®! L

 c ve'*T

 ,ppe?d

 une h*.

    demanded severely

off.	p

       The three grown-up persons regarded ‘
    infant with feelings which it would hew
    to attempt to describe. Then sudden ^
    Reggie looked into Miriam's eyes, read^^-_
    whole story there, and as she hid her j
    ou his breast, he bent and kiistsd her
    and murmured brokenly :	^

     " Oh. my dear ! And you thought I A
   north it I You wrre gntng to saenrire
   self for me ! Why ? Dearest, you’ve g,v „
   yourself away I” Helanghcd—but
   again " See ? "	. ,

      Then, ovrr the tamed hrad be tarn*"-
    grave and yet. if it be pneiblr. a
    face, to the dumbfoundercd Mk
    tage. '• How would next Thursday
    you and Miriam. Auntie ? Just a
    wedding, with four l>ndesmaids. a
    and a spread for half the county I ?*o
    and-corner busm ras for me ! It will

 IlS
ADVERTISEMENTS

FARROW’S

bank Limited

----J C»oU< ..................SI.800.000

fc* '»«* .........-............ 700.000

fc*/»lwh»,n .................... 4.009

Chairman: Mr. THOMAS FARROW.

Every

description

of

Joint Stock

  Banking

 transacted.

*RENT ACCOUNTSopencd and Interest
on aporoved credit balancoa.
,,'*OSlTS recolved at varloua rates of
."■reat according to notice of withdrawal.

M,.a Cj.0oi«. Banking Buitnttt cl aII merlp
'•••>* matntkta. Agtntt thrcag out lb, World.

Cali er wru* for «* »na:orr I!ooki*i.

I «	r*mmd Offlc* •

| '• CHEAPSIDE, LONDON, E.C.2.

i ii & co.

A Child can Wash Up

A Three-Course Service for Five
Persons can be Washed, Rinsed.
Sterilised, and Dried by means
of our

Washing-up
machine

V

**&hi only 20 lbs. A child can u>orl( it.

Alto Larger Size*, to talee up lo
5,000 Piece* per Hour.

WASHING -UPMJNCHINE

PRICE

  from

£3-3*

               F»oi«

washing-up machine oo.

         Drrr. No. IS.

S4, f«Ua» IUM, IhU Ktaitaytca. S.W.S

 c5iJee^_
 <scen£s o£ cl.
 racftanf^arcfen

o7^e jDm<so7ie&

I CURED MY HAIRY
FACE AND ARMS FOR EVER,
ROOT AND ALL.

Eradicated For Ever Hideous H»lr Orowtha
on F«ce and Arm* Alter Electricity and
Many Dcplletnrlea Had Failed.

LET ME SEND YOU MY FREE HELP.

!**>*TAMT *07* —J#r*.

»mj u	m /■■■an
120

ADVERTISEMENTS

WHY PEOPLE

MARRY

THIS is the title of ihe fitst chapter of a great book on an
important question to aerious'minded people. From the
inspiiea pen of an accomplished lady writer, this remarkable
took is an absolutely authoritative treatise on a subject which
has perplexed the mind of mankind from the beginning of the
world. While it is obviously not intended for any but thoie
who are married or contemplate marriage, there is not a page
in the book that could harm the youngest child who can read —
every sentence, every word, being a clean expression from the
mind of a lady who has had every opportunity of studying this
Important subject.

 It dealsvith the psychological and sociological sides of married
 life. It point* out the pitlalls of unhappute-s and the certain
 way in which to obtain and increase perfect married bliss. It
 i>. therefoie, an extraordinary guide to engaged couples, newly,
 married couples, and those who have been married foe some
 lime yel have not succeeded in more than '* rubbing along
 together." A study of this work will bring happiness to
 thousands of homes, and as the writer duU it: “ ll the facts
 herein contained are understood and followed they will ensuie
 that true love without which it Is impossible to consummate a
 perfect union which makes heaven of every earthly tome."

The following is an abbreviated synopsis of
the work, “ Matrimony, its Obligations and
Privileges," by Mona Baird, with a Preface
by Mr. Thomas Holmes, the well-known
Police Court Missionary (Post Free, ls.9d.):—

              INTRODUCTION
MntlmMI, falM and truo. about narri*f*

CHAPTER 1 .

 Why paopla

 murk imahr i

 raullny-LoW ldr*l»-Urk of Mlf

U

 » th.Sr frt.o4»-L©T* v g

 CHAPTIR II

 ■uiitH In olhar land*.

                  CHAPTER 111

 Whan io marry t-C. H. Mnm'i aJrta* and m. Paul. *uaftt«
 ry-in OikI-IIuU *«»d <U*«.l**-IW *»d rut	Ifutrmr aa

 •t»la/~Tb« !a*i\rd lorvr—**la«l* mItUkaew—OrewiM
 A family at outsurnd*

                CHAPTIR IV
 Whom to marry >-hUrmal—-TTKA.g*Un«U»—Worm*»|—
 lu ••Ux’U^n—Th« woman at L«ma-And at w«rk-U hoot »..l to *u*nj-
 TJ»* hami of fbt* lu 1b* gU*r» rl r+*M-rb+Mnjf Ik*	r.

 r*a*m~Ac* canuul *UW—fttau4U« l#y r«an It*- Fatally - Ha y tn^n

CHAPTIR ¥ _

 Tha matin* tlmat-Aatutua wad i
 iorar—MmiUI fr*i.ku<«*- L
 r*ch otfe*r • Ufnpur—Mai

                CHAPTIR VI

_____________la i-Tk

  K«nK.oal J airily

        !*• reaptmi

        i»-lwl «r« itlMaiua*—?k* axial

Ttoo holy bond* j—Tk* romrr HT’ Iitutr-Ler«. (tsoom. m4 «A^-

K*r—DaJ puttr-FflT ma-Por «m>rrMHuiiki »alla*K~ -

Wdiuai.s rwii*i>BMl«m»r—lran«rotlU-l UwlwU*—I'r.relrM.-ReeUj-

“*	►-W ho la to Uasor

 1b* alnifde llfa—H*aiJi.*-W ■*Jimrrlr»«.Hny-ir©flaa«-r^Hiiy—Pr-
 ratio*-Conra** aud raabnr«a-Tk* nan • bMMm-kton wko
 hiuifi—WorM oM tnowIM*-- in WMrtit «r»!Ur

Tt» obtain a copy, post free and in plain wrapper, of tins
Striking exposition, and |<ankulan of other pab&caMons, oar
tellers should call or 9C»d a postal cade* lot u. qJ to the
address below:

Health and Efficiency Publishing Company
Drpu 108. 19. LalgHt H it. Uotb*. E.C.4.

2-minute Sketches*

 One of my Pupils does Lightning Siietehca to »®“M j
 Patients in a Military Hospiial. He is in the
 Two of his efforts are reproduced here. He a**®*”
 that these Sketches look lea lime than I state. J. J
 Beside.(»eit? alfitiM.r-W his Sketdd^. ,Ua l‘«^> |
 ;roc* Hoeor. U proo-. 1 resroosce extracts
 recent litters: —

 * HoJ e J.iei i* • Tie *W .< 51,w- n.._ , Sserff
 -O	«<»...e-J lie* >«,	£

 "M«, <Wl. /«.

 "»W ri*«afw

 >/ Uetei*. SB.V M

mmUr—eB t$art „»	,

/i»d (HM (a eoolTfjIr Is ear

 "{/•Wtof	«rl«i U. to

  im lit toy uiiiiot.

 CiO

zJl

 lit Lit iSr,,

Can You Sketch?

 r'J

ILLUST D DRAWING
PROSPECTUS FREE.

 It tills «U elect a, pauikltin

Ssa te. a

Tha PREPARATORY COURSE
le^^es SeetiWoe fro«» tba v.r,

r.;,oe.jts in a pfa.saw.

Tt s u (or the raw Bccmaar.

TVe ADVANCED COUR5K

ri fee tbe StudeM aieesd, alk
D.-aw. It. teath^t am ver-.. ordinal

•ark .0*0 ,cU*U. *ort */ tiuradrr.	V	Jjt

Proapectiva PupiU «r« BiUed to note P»r!' v^
lh.t the Ceanas .re po.t«J- Tlnry I—**
Drawing -not Copying. Pupil* of
can atart at any tima, atud t anywhcra. •**

•t their tnrs s^ad. Fees are p»"

italraenU. Thera ara no binding CUtt^*.t^a*
ar. You can ce.M whenever you wi* *'f**
any UahUity for uncompleted Laaaon* ^
l; rw tcn.1 <ot-« ef tU. P«j.r. Ske'ebefc v as
|. -Jerred'. Ml

W«u to -e aenoBaCr PERCY V BIUDSIIAW-. -
THE PRESS ART SCHOOL Dejrt.H.S-"* 6?
Twda, Hai leeeet KtU. »■&*»
Charles Garvicc

And Miriam, here's the pearl 1 Oh, my dear,
you must take it, you mtisj I Every time I

wore it I should re mem iter- There I

there ! don't cry ! "

But she was crying much harder than
Miriam was.

*	of money ; but you'll have to pay. And
Fy* you right, for being such an old silly

   think Miriam capable-"

. r'h. of course 1 will," said Mrs. Army-
I!®® eagerly. " Money I You shall both of
■wu nave as much as evar you want, always

 i j, d new magazine should not apologise for its existence, or exist for apologies, for
 E** *? onb one excuse the public will allow—that there- is always room at the top for
 ^ything that can get there. If Hutchinson’s Story Magazine cannot " get there

 *ilh

 -	Us motto of " All the best all the time,” it will gladly retire and make room for
 **erS'

 j, " ‘ he best,” we must explain, means primarily the work of world-renowned authors.
 .** subscribers to Hutchinson’s Story Magazine may rest assured that this eate-
 ry has already been well provided for. Arrangements have been made with the jollow-

 *	leading authors whose stories will appear, in many cases exclusively, in early issues
 "this Magazine:

E«bel M. Dell."
Robert Hichens.

11 Soppa

®*fonm Orcxy.
K«Uiljtn Rhode*.
George Birmingham.
Bert* Ruck.

May Sinclair.

Frank Swinnerton.

William La Qurux.

Mra. Belloc Lowndei.

Stacy Aumonier.

Herbert Jenkina.

C. N. and A. M. Williamson.

E. F. Benson

Mabel Barnes* Grundy.

Gertrude Page.

Ruby M Ayres.

H. de Vere StacpooU-
Alice Perrin.

W. L. Georje.

Mrs. BaiUie Reynolds
Marjory Bowen.

J. E. Buckrose, etc-, etc.

 (a da regards the other category, the Editor's hope and wish is that no real talent shall
 , ^discovered and unrewarded. Merit wiU be recognised in whatever quarter it is
 and several writers with outstanding gifts for short-story writing wiU be intro-
 Uc*d to the public through the medium of Hutchinson's Story Magazine.

    Perhaps you have written a gowl short story yourself ? Perhaps you know of some
 lf *ho has done so? See that it is sent to the Editor of Hutchinson’s Story Maga-
 34-3<». Paternoster Row, E.C.4. High prices will be paid for really good stories.
 On the uralls of the late G. F. Watts' studio in Surrey yon will see the words :

“ The Utmost for the Highest ”

 4	** with that sentiment that the Editor launches this Magazine into the world.

^ Order your copy of the August number of Hutchinson’s Story Magazine nou.
such a strong list of authors it may go out of print on publication, and you will
*<> get a copy.

 121

9' teufyuyiwcl #ty

bvzwxrUj (M. owl &aciAUUj>/

^>ng the amazing experiences of Victor Jones, one of
the 114,000 men and women who last year took

foe ROTH Memory Course

The Popular Course at a Popular Price

 Cu ^^coursf I know you ! Mr. Addison
 ^ of Hull.

 , I remember corrcctly—and I do
 u ‘^rnber corrcctly—Mr. Burroughs, the
 j, ''r merchant, introduced me to you
 luncheon at the Automobile Club
 Re	m„. This Is

in May.

  I haven’t seen

a
you

 jj'- years ago
 g**re indeed!

 JJ/* that day. How is the grain busi-
 And how did that amalgamation
 'r* out ? ”

K.

 - »e assurance of the speaker—in the
 Bed corridor of the Hotel Metro-
 smpelled me to turn and look
 a, though I must say it is not my
 jjhabit to eavesdrop even in a hotel

 David M. Roth, the most
 memory expert in the world,"
 8? °>y friend Kennedy, answering my
 ^^ion before I could get it out. “ He
 ■^show you many more wonderful
 than that before the evening is

       he did.

 VAI»e went into the banquet-rooin
 host was introducing a long line of
 ^Sucsts to Mr. Roth. I got in line,
 £ when it camc my turn, Mr. Roth
 I<^- “What are your •initials, Mr.

 and your business and telephone
 \r Kr* " Why he asked this 1 learned
 "'hen he picked out from the
 6o men he had met two hours
 * .ni* *nd called each by name without
 ^■stake What is more, he named
 business

 accurately.

and telephone

   I won't tell you all the other amazing
 things this man did, except how he
 called out, without a minute's hesitation,
 long lists of numbers, bank clearings,
 prices, lot numbers, parcel post rates,
 and anything else the guests gave him
 in rapid order.

   When I met Mr. Roth again he rather
 bowled me over by saying, in his quiet,
 modest way :

   " There is nothing miraculous about
 my remembering anything 1 want to
 remember, whether it be names, faces,
 figures, tacts, or something I have read
 in a magazine.

    '* You can do this just at easily as I do.

   “ My own memory," continued Mr.
 Roth, “ was originally very faulty*. Yes,
 it was—a really poor memory. On meet-
 ing a man 1 would forget his name in
 thirty seconds, while now there are
 probably 10,000 men and women, many
 of whom I have met but once, whose
 names I can recall instantly on meeting
 them.”

   “ That is all right for you, Mr. Roth,"
 1 interrupted, “ you have given years
 to it. But how about me?"

    '* Mr. Jones," he replied, “ I can teach
 you the secret of a good memory in ont
 rvtning. I have done it with thousands
 of pupils. In the first of seven simple
 lessons which I have prepared for home
 study, I show you the basic principle of
 my whole system, and you will find it
 not hard work, as you might fear, but
 just like playing a fascinating game. I
 will prove it to you."

 >2Tl
 124

ADVERTISEMENTS

  He didn’t have to prove it. His
Course did : I got it the very next day
from his publishers.

  When I tackled the first lesson, 1 was
amazed to find that 1 had learned—in
about one hour—how to remember a
list of one hundred words so that I could
call them out forward and back without
a single mistake.

  That first lesson stuck. And so did
the other six.

  Read this letter from C. Louis Allen,
who at 32 years became head of a
£200,000 concern, the Pyrene Manufac-
turing Company, makers of the famous
fire extinguisher :—

   “ Now that the Rath Memory
  Course is finished, I want to tell you
  how much I have enjoyed the study
  of this most fascinating subject.
  Usually these courses involve a great
  deal of drudgery, but this has been
  nothing but pure pleasure all the way
  through. I have derived much bene-
  fit from taking the course of instruc-
  tions, and feel that 1 shall continue
  to strengthen my memory. That is
  the best part of it. 1 shall be glad
  of an opportunity to recommend your
  work to my friends.”

  Mr. Allen didn't put it a bit too
strongly.

  The Roth Course is priceless ! I can
absolutely count on my memory now.
I can call the name of almost any man
I have met before—and 1 am getting
better all the time. 1 can remember
any figures I wish to remember. Tele-
phone numbers come to mind instantly,
once I have filed them by Mr. Roth's
easy method. Addresses are just as
easy.

  The old fear of forgetting (you know
what that is) has vanished.

  Perhaps the most enjoyable part of
it all is that 1 have bccome a good
conversationalist.

  I can recall like a flash of light
almost any fact I want just at the
stant 1 need it most. 1 used to th>
a brilliant memory belonged only toJ®j|
prodigy and genius. Now I see
every man of us has that kind
memory if he only knows how to tSa
it work properly.

  I tell you it is a wonderful thWjj
after groping around in the dark *rjr
so many years, to be able to switch |
big searchlight on your mind and
instantly everything you want to
member.

  My advice to you Is, don
another minute. Send to the Nati
Business and Personal Efficiency
partment 1 of the Standard Art
Co., Ltd., 60, Chancery Lane, VVa<
for Mr. Roth’s amazing course, and
what a wonderful memory you I
got. Your dividends in increased '0. j
ingpower will be enormous.

Victor Jos®5”

SEND NO MONEY

  So confident arc the publishers
Roth Memory Course that once
have an opportunity to see in y*,f
own home how easy it is to doUw^
yes, treble, your memory power
few short hours, they arc willing to 5®"^
the course for free examination.

  Don't send any money. Merely " jjj
a letter, and the complete course /\.
be sent at once 1 f you are not c,,t!!hii>
satisfied, send it back any time
three days after you receive it, and .
will owe nothing.

|l^

  But if you arc as pleased as arCwjjo
114,000 other men and worn*"
have taken the course, send only
in full payment. You take n° 1 '*<
and you have everything to gain,fjt-
post the letter now before this re**1
able offer is withdrawn

National Business and Personal Efficiency Dept*
THE STANDARD ART BOOK CO., LTD.

60. CHANCERY LANE. W.C.2
THE STY FAMILY GO FOP A STROLL

LET SLEEPING DOCS LIE I

BREAKFAST TIME in THE ROOKERY

ANY PORT IN A JTORn

THE FARMYARD

125
Hutchinson’s Story Magazine

CHILDREN’S PAGE

(nFT)
• .

       tJON BY A NECK

      A TUG OF WAR

 fHE WINNER

THE FARMYARD

126
AkllHCIAL UfcFOKMAl ION

A IVIltT SEMI \ IS

One of the Great
Books of the World

A £30,000 BOOK

Customs of the
World

   For NfNEPENCE A WEEK you can po.sas.onaof
   tho moil extraordinary and fascinating works
   ever publUhvd. "CUhTORS OF THE WOKLD."

   A popular account of tha Customs Riut and
   Caramonlaa of man and woman of all countries.

•Ml; BOOK AT A OLANCE

gL	To (Dept. i>

e STAND ARD ART BOOK CO.. Ltd.

              luJjr.Tir Hill. E.C.4

THE STANDARD ART BOOK CO.. LID.

»Dept. IV, JO-3S. I iil.lt MHl. t.C-4
hav.o u>	v

a le r/oit ^La.u, g 'h4/ri q <rt t?

' ----------- _ .. Jc— </ . .. ^.....

Printed for the Proprietors and PublUher*. Mbs.ts tii'rciiissos & Co., ;i. Paternoster Row,\Londoil E.C.4.
by Hazel), Wat sot: & Vinry, I.d., London and Aylc&bury

TitEVEtllHa POST |

  SPcC**k- E>VT»ON

GREAT

FEAT