3 Complete Novelettes

J jV> ±

 Leonard H. Nason
 L. Paul

 Hugh Pendexter
 Frederick Moore
 Walter J. Coburn
 Bill Adams
 John Murray Reynolds
 Fairfax Downey
 Royce Brier

Xomj
RIVALS THE BEAUTY OF

THE SCARLET TANAGER

This Pen-O wner Jury

Gives the Reasons
Why Duofold Outsells any Other

Though Hosts of Pens are Lower-Priced	Ksaf

          Says a hotel man
“My Duofold was used by 31,000
hotel guests and their different styles
of writing didn’t alter the point one
iota.”

    Four train dispatchers declare
“It’s the only pen that stands our
gruelling pace, 8 hours a day, 6 days a
week. It’s worth twice as much in the
hand as it costs in the show-case.”

           States an author
“Its 25-year point makes writing lux-
urious, it’s so beautifully smooth and
quiet-going. Its full-handed grip
doesn’t try to elude the fingers or tire
the hand.”

          A salesman says
“I laid down ablack peninapost office
and walked off and forgot it. Then I
bought a Parker Duofold, and its
black-tipped lacquer-red color always

flashes my eye this friendly caution:
‘Don’t leave your pen behind!’ ”

       Two women speak thus
“Its color makes it easy to find on my
desk,” says a young business woman.
And a fashion writer declares, “ It adds
a gay touch to any costume.”

             Says an artist
“It has classic lines.” “And balanced
symmetry,” adds a golf expert.

        An executive writes us
“I signed 1067 checks in 1 hr., 30 min.
without once refilling its Over-size
barrel.”

$7 is all it costs to own this speedy
sure-fire writer with the Over-size Ink
Capacity and 25-year point.

  Stop at the first pen counter and try
it—don’t lag behind a world that now
writes via the Duofold.

THE PARKER PEN COMPANY • JANESVILLE, WISCONSIN

'Duofo/d ‘Pencils to match: Lady, $3; Oversize, J r., $3.50;“ Big Brother” Oversize, $ 4

NEW YORK, CHICAGO * THE PARKER FOUNTAIN PEN COMPANY. LIMITED, TORONTO, CANADA * SAN FRANCISCO
THE PARKER PEN CO., LIMITED, 2 AND 3 NORFOLK ST., STRAND. LONDON. ENGLAND

Duofold Jr. $5	Lady Duof old $5

Same except for size With ring for chatelaine

r/y

Red and
Black Color
Combination
Reg. Trade Mark
U.S. Pat. Office
Published Three Times a Month by The Ridgway Company

 J, H. GANNON, President	C. H. HOLMES, Secretary and Treasurer

Spring: and Macdougal Streets - - New York, N. Y.

6, Henrietta St., Govent Garden, London, W. C., England

  Entered as Second-Class Matter, October J, JQJO, at the	aqthitr t ivakt HnrvMAxr

  Post-Office at New York, N. Y. under the Act of March 3. 1879	ARTHUR SULLIVANT HOFFMAN, Editor

 Yearly Subscription, $6.00 in advance	Single Copy, Twenty-Five Cents

                           Foreign postage, $3.00 additional. Canadian Postage, 90 cents.	t

  Trade-Mark Registered; Copyright, 1925, by The Ridgway Company in the United States and Great Britain. Entered at

Stationers’ Hall, London, England.

   The editor assumes no risk for manuscripts and illustrations submitted to this magazine, but be will use all due care while

they are in his hands.

Contents for July 10th, 1925, Issue

Paid Off A Complete Novelette                               Walter J. Coburn        3 
Cattle Country---lariats and guns settle some old accounts.                           
Plowmen Pioneers Verse ......                                                      45 
What They Ate An Article ......                             Bill Adams             46 
Old Sea Days---forecastle food.                                                       
The Anti-Weapon Law of Charles VI ....                      F. R. Buckley          49 
El Carcel A Complete Novelette ......                       John Murray Reynold*   50 
Central America---who won the revolution?                                             
How the Brown Bears Left Kuiu Indian Legend                 Victor Shaw            64 
The Bold Dragoon A Four-Part Story Part I .                 Leonard H. Nason       65 
Bavaria, 1753---I collect some gold buttons.                                          
Puncher’s Fancy Verse.......                                Harold Willard Gleason 85 
Good Pay ..........                                         Royce Brier            86 
West---a judgment in the desert.                                                      
Captain Noah Takes Command                                  Fairfax Downey         88 
      Atlantic Ocean—the cargo was a zoo and some rum.

   *Occasionally one of our stories will be called an "Off-the-Trail” story, a warning that it is in some way different from the
   usual magazine stories, perhaps a little different, perhaps a good deal. It may violate a canon of literature or a custom of maga-
   zines, or merely be different from the type usually found in this magazine. The difference may lie in unusual theme, material,
   ending, or manner of telling. No question of relative merit is involved.

{Continued on next page)

1
(Continued from preceding page)

Pards Conclusion	........ Hugh Pendexter	95

      Colorado, 1862—The Walking Dead Man changes his mind.

The Guardsman ........ L. Pad	123

      Canada—he wasn’t trained for the North woods.

A Work of Art Verse.......Earl H. Emmons	132

King of the Beachcombers A Complete Novelette	Frederick Moore	134

      South Seas—Dude Fenton was not a man of his word.

The Camp-Fire A free-to-all meeting-place for readers, writers and adventurers ....	174

Camp-Fire Stations..............183

Lost Trails................183

Various Practical Services Free to Any Reader.........183

Ask Adventure................is<!

       A free question and answer service bureau of information on outdoor life and activities every-
 where. Comprising seventy geographical sub-divisions, with special sections on Radio,
 Mining and Prospecting, Weapons, Fishing, Forestry, Aviation, Army Matters, North Ameri-
 ■	can Anthropology, Health on the Trail, Railroading, Herpetology and Entomology.

Old Songs That Men Have Sung.................191

The Trail Mead..................192

Headings..............T. Victor Hall

Cover Design............. Louis D. Cowing

Three Complete Novelettes

       FOR years it had annoyed Kaiti that he had to share the kingship of his island with his two
       brothers; but before rebelling against them he first had to rid the island of the white men.
       “THE THREE TRADERS,” a complete novelette of the South Seas, by J. Allan Dunn,
       is in the next issue.

      BEFORE Mohamed Ali presented himself at the court of the sultan he was sure that he
      would turn down His Majesty’s offer of pardon from crime, and honor in the realm for the
      nomadic life he loved. However, the sultan’s proposition made him think twice. “THE TREA-
      SURE OF MULAI EL-HASSAN,” a complete novelette by George E. Holt, will appear in
      the next issue.

      WHEN Blake Moody rode up from New Mexico the Idaho people did not predict his fame
      as a cowpuncher and bronco-buster. But Blake made Idaho a live State for a while.
      “LUCKY MOON” is a complete novelette of the West, by Everett Saunders, in the next issue.

Adventure is out on the 10th, 20th and 30th of each month

2
OW-LEGGED runt, eh? And my
Skewball pony’s a crow-bait, eh?

And I’m too - small for a

growed-up man’tuh tackle, am I?”

Each grunting, panting question was
punctuated by a stinging slap. Shorty
Carroway’s breath came in gasps from be-
tween a pair of bruised, bleeding lips.

His weight resting on the heaving chest
of the big man under him, knees jammed into
the bulging muscles of that beaten man’s
forearms, Shorty’s full-swung slaps jolted
the swollen, battered face. Then the little
cowpuncher’s hand gripped the shock of
hair and raised the big head from the saw-
dust-covered floor.

“Got a plenty?”

Shorty shifted his weight to one side and a
sharp-roweled, long-shanked spur raked

the ribs beneath the big man’s heavy macki-
naw. He grinned mirthlessly into the
bloodshot eyes of the heavyweight cham-
pion of the Little Rockies.

  “Yuh made a crack a few minutes ago
that you was the toughest gent in Montana,”
grunted Shorty. “Yuh took in too much
range, yuh sway-backed, muscle-bound,
stove-up ox. Well I’m from Arizona, sabe?
And down there, we got cripples that kin lay
aside their crutches and whup you. Yuh
picked on me because I’m kirtda small and a
stranger, and yuh grabbed yorese’f a handful

uh hornets, didn’t yuh? Got a plenty,-

yuh?”

  Another slap sent the miner’s head back
into the sawdust.

  Tad Ladd, partner of the fighting cow-
puncher, paced up and down before a crowd

Copyright, 1925, by The Ridgway Company in the United States and Great Britain. All rights reserved.

3
4

Adventure

 of miners and cowpunchers who crowded
 backward behind the battered pool table
 and abandoned faro layout.

   “That’s my liT ol’ runt of a pardner,
 yonder,” he taunted the surly crowd. “My
 danged liT ol’ bench-legged pard. Watch
 him, hombresl Watch him dost while yuh
 see yore Alder Gulch champeen git his
 needin’s. Got ary more sledge-swingin’,
 snuff-eatin’, loud-mouthed fightin’ men
 that wants tuh git worked down to Shorty’s
 size and whupped by a gent that does it
 scientific? Got ary more nasty remarks
 tuh make about the ponies that me and my

 pardner rides? Got ary-”

   “What the — goes on in here?”

   The voice came from the doorway in no
 uncertain tones. A gray mustached, white-
 haired man of stocky build stepped through
 the swinging doors. To the lapel of his open
 vest was pinned a sheriff’s badge. A blue-
 barreled .45 covered Tad.

   Behind the sheriff stood a mottle-faced,
 white-aproned man in shirt sleeves. The
 man’s clothes were torn and dust-covered.
 His pudgy hands and mottled face were
 covered with small cuts.

Tad shoved his gun back into the waist-
band of his faded overalls. He grinned
pleasantly at the sheriff, nodded, then his
grin widened as he looked at the portly man
1 in the discolored apron.

   “So yo’re back, eh?” he said pleasantly.
 “Jest like a danged jack-in-the-box. I
 pitch yuh out the window and yuh come
 back through the door.”

   Tad turned to Shorty, who, heedless of
 the interruption, was lending an attentive
 ear to the pleadings of the whipped miner.

   “Let up on the big rock-buster, Shorty,”
 he called. “John Law has done took chips
 in the game.”

   Tad's words had much the same effect as
 a bucket of ice water thrown on a couple of
 fighting dogs. Shorty got to his feet, felt of
 a discolored and partially closed eye, and
 reached for papers and tobacco. He grinned
 uneasily into the cold-blue eyes of the sheriff.

   “Hand me my gun, Taddie,” he said, his
 breath coming in labored gasps. “We’d
 jest as well be moving along, I reckon.”

    But the sheriff blocked the exit.

   “I’m takin’ charge uh the shootin’ irons,”
 he said sternly. “Ante, big ’un. Butts
 first. Thanks.”

   He shoved the tendered weapons into his
 waistband.

  “Will you two come peaceable er do I put
the ’cuffs on yuh?”

  “Yuh mean we’re arrested?” gasped

Shorty.

  “Yuh don’t think fer a minute that you
trouble hunters kin come into my town,

bust out windows and raise-in general,

and not see the inside uh my jail, do yuh?”
Shorty turned a sorrowful gaze on his big
partner.

  “Kin yuh beat it, Tad? Kin yuh ever tie
it? Looks like it’s ag’in the law tuh trim
down oxes like that bohunk settin’ yonder,
a-feelin’ his sore spots. Down home there’s
a bounty on ’em.”

  “But we’re a long ways from home, runt.
And as the sayin’ goes, we has fell among
strangers. Montana ain’t Arizona and our

footin’ ain’t so- solid as she might be.”

  “But dang it all, Sheriff,” pleaded Shorty,
“the low-down skunk was blackguardin’ my
Skewball pony. The best hoss, barrin’
none, that ever packed a cow hand. Yuh
seen him outside? Bald-faced black with
stockin’ legs? The fastest cow pony north

uh-is Skewball, and I ain’t aimin’ tuh

have no quartz-clawin’ pick-rassler hoo-
rawin’ me regardin’ him! I’ll gouge his

eyes outa him an’-”

  Tad’s restraining hand kept Shorty from
renewing the fight. The crowd surged for-
ward angrily.

  “Easy, runt,” cautioned Tad. “Yuh won
yore fight. We’re plumb overmatched.”

  “Why the-don’t you take ’em to the

hoosegow?” whined the white-aproned sa-
loon man. “They’ll be gettin’ away if yuh
ain’t careful.”

  “I reckon not,” said the sheriff. “I got
their guns.”

  “Yo’re plumb welcome to the smoke-
poles, Sheriff,” grinned Tad. “Neither uh
the durned things is loaded. Like our
pockets, our guns is empty, as the sayin’
goes. Likewise, our bellies. I hope yuh
feeds yore pris’ners. We ain’t et since
day afore yesterday.”

  The sheriff gave the pair an odd look,
then herded them outside. They almost
collided with an extremely tall, black-clad
man who stood on the sidewalk. The man
had evidently been taking in the scene from
outside. His height permitted him to see
over the short, swinging doors into the
saloon.

  The long-tailed black coat, white shirt
and black string tie gave the tall man the
Paid Off

5

appearance of a minister. The man’s face,
however, belied such a worthy calling.
Lean, thin-lipped, unsmiling, it was a face
without a single redeeming feature. His
eyes were small, a pale gray in color, set
close together on each side of a thin beak of
a nose.

  A wide-brimmed, weather-worn black
Stetson covered the head that Tad felt sure
must be bald. The man’s reddish eye-
brows met in a scowl as he met the cow-
puncher’s frankly curious gaze.

  “I bet he’s a cross between a buzzard and
a rawhide rope,” said Shorty as the sheriff
shoved them along.

  “One uh these here fire an’ brimstone
sky pilots gone wrong, is my bet. Which
of us wins, Sheriff?” added Tad.

  “Neither.” The sheriff’s tone was sharp
with annoyance. “You shore cooked yore
goose with them bright remarks. Yuh’ll
git the limit now when yore trial comes up.
That was Luther Fox.”

  “And who,” inquired the punchers in
unison, “is Luther Fox?”

  “Yuh mean tuh say yuh never heerd tell
uh Fox?”

  “We’re plumb strangers, mister. Let’s
have it. Both barrels.”

  “He couldn’t help hearin’ them remarks,”
mumbled the sheriff, musing aloud.

“Hmmm. -’s tuh pay all around.”

  “But you was goin’ to tell us about this
Fox,” hinted Tad.

  “Was I? I reckon not. I don’t talk to
nobody about that gent.”

  The sheriff’s tone was decisive.

  Tad, glancing covertly at the old sheriff,
caught a glimpse of tightly clamped jaws.
Beneath shaggy white brows, the sheriff’s
keen eyes smoldered with some inner fire.
It was a dogged, sullen look, strangely out
of keeping with the general make up of the
grizzled law officer.

  “Yuh don’t mean tuh say that ole scare-
crow has yuh buffaloed?” put in Shorty,
wincing as Tad’s spur raked his shin with
meaning vigor.

  The sheriff turned on Shorty, eyes ablaze
with hot resentment.

  “Who said I was scared? Whoever told
yuh that, lied. Lied, hear me?”

  The sheriff fairly trembled with fury.
He seemed about to hit Shorty with the .45
in his hand.

  Tad, poised easily on the balls of his feet,
clenched his big fist and his practised eye

picked the point where the well-placed blow
would put the sheriff to sleep. There was a
look of resignation in the big puncher’s eyes.

  Then the sheriff, wjith an effort, regained
control of himself and turned from Short}'.
Tad gave a sigh of relief. Striking an of-
ficer,* even in defense of his partner, was
little to his liking.

  The trio moved on in silence for some mo-
ments. Tad, meeting Shorty’s eyes, gave
his little partner a ferocious look. Shorty
squirmed uneasily.

  “I’m askin’ yore pardon, Sheriff,” he
said meekly. “I was jest tryin’ tuh be
funny. It was a fool crack to make and
I’m plumb sorry.”

  His tone was sincere. The sheriff nodded
his silent acceptance of the apology.

  “I reckon it’s shore gaily uh me tuh be
askin’ ary favors, Sheriff,” Shorty put in
as they halted before the padlocked door of
the log jail, “but would yuh kinda look
after our bosses while me and Tad is
penned up?”

  “Uh course,” agreed the sheriff. “Yore
hosses will be took care of. Yuh won’t be
needin’ ’em where yo’re goin’. Better sell
’em tuh git lawyer money.”

  “Is it goin’ tuh be that bad?” asked Tad
seriously.

  “Wuss,” came the cryptic reply, and the
two prisoners heard the click of the padlock
as the sheriff locked them in.

  In dejected silence, the two listened to
the receding tinkle of the sheriff’s spurs.

  “Well, my short-complected amigo, yuh
shore done us proud this day,” Tad broke
the silence. “You and that hair-trigger
temper uh yourn kin shore git us into more
trouble than ten judges and a herd uh law
sharps kin git us outa. Yuh mighta put
off the show till after we’d grazed some.
I’m ga’ant as a dogie in the spring follerin’
a hard winter.”

  “And if I hadn’t took it up when that
box-ankled shovel swinger insulted us, we’d
uh bin run outa town for a coupla uh
sheepherders. You was doin’ a heap uh
yellin’ and so on, fer a gent that hates
fightin’. It was you that busted that purty,
shiny window by th’owin’ that drink mixer
through it. Yuh mighta slung him out the
door, jest as easy, but no, yuh had tuh go
bustin’ things. That glass’ll set us back
the price of ten good drunks and a reason-
able fine. Got ary terbaccer tuh go with
this here brown paper, Ox?”
6

Adventure

  Tad handed over a thin sack with a pinch
of tobacco in the bottom.

  “Gimme butts on ’er, runt. It’s the
taiiin’s uh the last sack uh what was once a
full caddy uh smokin. Fer which yo’re still
owin’ me for yore half uh the price. Say,
what ails that sheriff, I wonder? He
like tuh busted a ham-string when yuh
joshed him about that Fox feller. Shorty,
there’s somethin’ danged queer about the
whole deal. Raisin’ a li’l’ ol’ ruckus in
yonder saloon ain’t no penitentiary offense.
The way that ol’ sheriff took on, a man’d
thought we’d killed a few folks. Is them
bars yonder solid?”

  “Solid as rocks, Tad. Even if they was
loose, we bin on short grazin’ so long that
we’re too weak to pry ’em loose. If the
paint hoss hadn’t got drowned crossin’ the
Missouri and our beds and grub got lost,
we’d uh bin to the Wyomin’ line by now.”
“And if you and that overworked temper
uh yourn hadn’t broke out and run hog
wild yesterday, we’d uh got a square meal
and a job with that outfit we struck at noon.”
“Work fer that spread after that black
muzzled wagon-boss asked me was I ex-
pectin’ boy’s wages and could I hold down
a hoss wrangler’s job! I wisht yuh had let
me finish workin’ that smart Aleck over,
Ox. I was jest gettin’ my second wind
when yuh drug me off him.”

  “Say!”

  “Huh?” Shorty, startled by the ve-
hemence of his partner’s exclamation,
turned from his inspection of the bars across
the one window. “What bit yuh?”

  “I was jest rememberin’ that black-
whiskered gent’s talk. Yuh mind, Shorty?
He says to us that Luther Fox don’t pay
out good money to undersized gents that
can't do a man’s work.”

 “Man’s work! I showed him what a

man, and son, we shore set into a hard game
if we’ve hurt the ol’ rannyhan’s feelin’s.
I don’t like the lay uh the land, Shorty;

None whatsomever.

  “If that ol’ wolf sets his mind to it, our
hides’ll be hangm’ on the fence afore
mornin’. Yeah. And if him and his
black-muzzled wagon boss ever gits tuh
makin’ medicine and the black gent ’lows
we’re the same parties that rode into his
camp and raised a ruckus, me and you is due
tuh stretch some rope.”

  “That big bohunk of a quartz wrangler’ll
be rearin’ tuh work in the lead uh sech a
necktie party, too,” was Shorty’s wry com-
ment. “What’ll we do, Taddie? Shucks,

I	hates tuh stay bogged down here till
they come tuh hang us. I don’t have no
-of a lot uh confidence in that ol’ sher-
iff feller, if it comes to a fight.”

  “Yuh might uh done some heavy thinkin’
along them lines afore yuh got us into all
this, yuh fire-swallerin’ li’l’ ol’ rooster. Now
gimme butts on that smoke so’s I kin
smudge some thoughts outa my brain.”

II

  ‘Way up high in the Mokiones, among the
      mountain tops,

  A lion cleaned a yearlin’s bones and licked his
       thankful chops;

  When who upon the scene should ride, a trippin’
       down the slope,

  But High-Chin Bob of sinful pride and maverick-
       hungry rope.’”

         SHORTY'S voice, loud and high

          pitched, filled the small cabin.
  'i	F°r once, Tad found no fault

A 8y with his partner’s singing. This,

man-

  “Dry up. Fergit it. Yuh don’t foller
my meanin’. Luther Fox must own that
cow outfit that Black Whiskers works for.
Saber

 “Uh-huh. And supposin’ he does?
What of it? Go on from there, big ’un,
and let’s see if yore words makes sense.”

  “Well, from where I was settin’, that
round-up looked like a big spread. They
was holdin’ a herd that a man couldn’t shoot
across. Looked like three hundred head uh
hosses in their remud a. If this Fox feller
owns that outfit, he’s one danged big cow-

because the sound of the singer’s voice
drowned out what noise Tad might be mak-
ing as he whittled doggedly at the pine log
wherein the iron bars of the window were
embedded.

  Shorty, eyes fixed on the heavy pine
door, sang with the air of one who does his
duty in the face of great obstacles. With-
out missing a note, he gathered in a handful
of whittlings and shoved the shavings under
his hat, which lay on the floor. Then his
toe poked Tad’s shin with none too gentle
contact and the whittling ceased. Shorty,
resuming his seat on the edge of the bunk,
sang on, head tilted upward, eyes half closed.

 Thus the sheriff found them when he
entered, bearing a heavily laden tray.

They looked innocent enough, these two.
Paid Off

7

Shorty, reclining on the bunk, Tad gazing
broodingly out between the rusty bars in
an attitude of silent dejection.

  “Ten o’clock breakfast, Taddie.” Shorty
thus broke off his song. “Come and git it
er I th’ow it away! Gosh a’mighty, Tad,
it’s real grub! Steak and ’taters and pie!
Sheriff, yo’re a plumb white man!”

  The sheriff grinned and set the tray on
the table. The grin gave the old officer an
almost benign appearance.

  “Have at it cowboys, afore she gits cold.
It’s the best I could rustle at the Chink’s

place. Yuh earned it, both uh yuh. My
hat’s off tuh ary two gents that kin clean up
Alder Gulch on empty bellies and with
empty guns.”

  “Yuh ain’t holdin’ no hard feelin’s?”

  “Not me. Joe Kipp ain’t that kind.
Personal, it done me good tuh see that big

miner whupped. That-bartender had

it cornin’ too.”

  “Gosh!”

  Tad swallowed a mouthful of food,
washed it down with a swallow of coffee and
eyed the sheriff in mild surprize.

  “ ’Pears tuh me like you’d had a sudden
change uh mind, Sheriff. Yuh acted
plumb ringy when yuh nabbed us.”

  “Folks was watchin’. The bartender
had swore out a complaint and with Fox
a-watchin’, I had tuh go through.”

  “Yuh mean this Luther Fox gent is after
yore taw? He’s rearin’ tuh jump yore
frame?”

  “Somethin’ like that. Him and me don’t
waste no soft-spoke love words on one
another.”

  He paused, scowling at the floor as if
worrying out some problem.

  “There’s more than a few gents on this
range that’ll tell yuh I’m scared uh Luther
Fox and ‘Black Jack’,” he finished.

  “Black Jack?”

  “Fox’s wagon boss. Runs the LF spread.”
Tad and Shorty exchanged grins.
“Black-whiskered gent? Eyes like a
Injun?”

  Kipp nodded.

  “You boys know him?”

  “We come by the LF round-up. Yeah,
we know him tuh look at.”

  “Ain’t yuh the boys from the south?”
inquired Kipp. “I see yuh both ride
double-rigged saddles and yore hosses pack
strange brands.”

  “We’re from Texas fust, Arizona after
barb wire run us us outa our home range.
We come tuh Montana tuh close a deal
that was hangin’ fire. Wound up our deal
and was headin’ fer our home range when
we loses our life’s gatherin’s in yore
Missouri River. Pack hoss, bed, money,
grub, the hull works goes. Shorty’s paint-
hoss which we’re packin’ makes a shore
game fight, but ’twan’t no go. The under-
current ketches him and he goes under and
don’t come up no more.

  “I’d uh gone the same way only fer Shorty.
Yuh see, me’n my yaller hammer hoss bein’
brung up in a windmill country, we ain’t
neither of us used tuh water in sech big
doses. Mebbeso I got Yaller’s cinch too
tight er he gits water in his ears er suthin’.
Anyways, he goes belly-up in the middle
uh the crick and fer a spell it looks like
me’n him’s a-headin’ fast fer the Big
Range.

  “I’m a thinkin’ along them lines, as the
feller says, when Shorty on his Skewball
pony, bustin’ that water like a side gougin’
steamboat, jest nacherally ropes me, takes
his winds and yanks me ashore. Yaller
drifts to a sand bar and wades out while
Shorty bails the mud and water outa me.
Drunk er sober, my Shorty pard ain’t much
tuh look at, but there’s times when he
shows good p’ints.”

  “Shucks, Sherriff, don’t pay no mind tuh
Tad,” grinned the self-concious Shorty.
“He shore likes the sound uh his own voice.
If yuh was tuh th’ow him and mouth him,
yuh’d find his front teeth plumb wore down.
That comes from his havin’ his mouth open
fer talkin’ so much. The wind, a-blowin’ to
8

Adventure

and fro across his teeth, consequental, has
wore ’em down.”

  The sheriff was beginning to like these
two oddly mated partners thoroughly. He
moved across the floor to a chair. As he
did so, he accidently moved Shorty’s hat,
revealing the pile of whittlings. Shorty
manfully stepped into the breach.

  Before the sheriff noticed, the little
puncher had grabbed the handful of shav-
ings and shoved them into his mouth.

  “Now swaller,” whispered Tad in an
undertone, as he dropped his neckscarf on
the sill to cover the freshly whittled notch
at the base of the steel bar.

  Shorty swallowed, choked, gasped and
his tanned face grew purple.

  Tad, moving swiftly, promptly up-ended
Shorty, thumping him on the back with
an unconcern that hinted of boredom.
A wad of mashed potatoes, well wadded
with shavings, spewed forth and Tad
promptly kicked the sodden mass under
the bunk.

  “Will yuh hand me the water pitcher,
Sheriff? Thanks. Now irrigate, runt.”

  He held the pitcher to Shorty’s mouth
and poured a generous potion down the
little puncher’s throat. Then, with a pater-
nal air, he sat Shorty on the edge of the
bunk and loosened his collar.

  “Ain’t I told yuh, time and again, not
tuh swaller yore grub whole, little ’un?
Dang me if I can see how yuh ever growed
up without chokin’ tuh death.”

  Tad turned to the sheriff with an apolo-
getic grin.

  “In spite uh all I tell him, that liT var-
mint will wolf his grub. It ain’t the fust
time he’s choked down on me thataway.
Onct, at a ice-cream sociable down on the
Gila, a brockle-faced school marm, a-ketch-
in’ him off his guard with a face full uh
cake, ast him was his hair nacherally
curly afore it slipped and left him bald be-
tween the horns. I’m out in the kitchen
when the play comes up and he like tuh
perished complete afore I gits there. The
fiddler, a-thinkin’ the li’l’ cuss had th’owed
a fit, empties a pailful uh pink lemonade
on him. I tips him upside down, knocks
the hunk uh cake loose from where it’s
lodged between his buck teeth and his bris-
kit, and the show is over. We spends a
good half-hour huntin’ the loose change
which drops outa his pocket durin’ the pro-
ceedin’s. I bin thinkin’ serious uh knockin’

his teeth out so’s he’d have tuh graze on
mush and sech light truck.”

  “Aw, let a man be, Ox,” grinned Shorty,
buttering his fourth biscuit. “If yuh gotta
run off at the head, tell about the time that
Hash-Knife hoss crow hopped with yuh
and yore set uh store teeth swapped ends
and like tuh bit yore tongue off. Only for
the hoss a-pilin’ yuh into the sourdough
pan, you’d uh gone through life without
a tongue. Yuh mind, Taddie, how that
kettle-paunched ol’ cook run yuh outa camp
fer sp’ilin’ his batch uh bread dough? He’d
uh whittled yuh down tuh his size and
whupped yuh, too, only I tripped him up.
There’s times when I wisht I’d let that ol’
grub sp’iler ketch yuh.”

  A shadow passed the window. The grin
on Kipp’s face vanished.

  “Here comes Fox,” he whispered. “Play
yore cards keerful, boys. Yuh whupped the
best man he has in camp, Shorty. And he’s
done heard how Tad stood off his gang uh
tough men with a empty gun. Down in
that black heart uh hisn, he respects nerve
like yourn. He may put yuh some kind
of a proposition. Better consider keerful
afore yuh turn it down.

  “He’s got yuh in a tight. He owns that
saloon and the busted window. Fact is,
he owns the camp. Reckon I’d better let
him in now. He’s poundin’ out yonder fit
tuh bust the door down.”

  With a faint, uneasy smile, Kipp rose
and unbolted the heavy door.

 Luther Fox entered with one long
stride. His gimlet eyes were fixed on
the remains of the prisoner’s sumptuous
dinner.

  “Fancy victuals that you give your pris-
oners, Kipp,” he spoke in a rasping, flat
voice. “County payin’ for such grub?”
Kipp’s eyes took on a chilly look.

  “I paid the chink outa my own pocket,
Fox.”

  Luther Fox’s thin lips twitched at the
corners. It may have been meant for a
smile. Devoid of mirth, it seemed to ac-
centuate the cruelty that lurked behind the
pale-gray eyes.

  “I want that I should be left alone with
these two men, Kipp. Clear out.”

  It was the command of a man who was
accustomed to being obeyed.

  Tad, watching Kipp closely, saw the
sheriff’s mouth tighten so as to leave the
lips a bloodless, crooked line. For a long
Paid Off

9

moment the officer and the cow man held
each other’s gaze.

  “Fox,” said Kipp, measuring his words
with deliberate slowness, “I’m sheriff here.
This jail is county property. I leave here

when I get-ready. If yo’re aimin’ tuh

smell powder smoke, go fer yore gun.”

  Fox’s upper Up lifted, revealing long,
crooked, yellow teeth. They made the
man hideous. His long fingers patted the
butt of an ivory-handled .45 that swung in a
tied holster, low down on his thigh.

  “Whenever I pull my gun, Kipp, this
county will be in line for a new sheriff.
However, it's bad luck to kill an officer of
the law. Our quarrel will keep without
spoilin’. I’ll word my wishes differently.
I’d like a few minutes pow-wow with your
prisoners, Sheriff Kipp. Will you be so
kind as to grant so great a favor?”

  His long frame bent at the waistline
in a mocking bow. Rumor had it that
Luther Fox, in his youth, had been a New
England schoolmaster. Like rust corrod-
ing a steel blade, frontier contact had well
nigh obliterated the polish that belonged to
that former life. Occasionally it was vis-
ible, usually in the form of sarcasm.

  Kipp, with a visible effort, fought down
the hot rage that surged up inside him. He
turned on his heel and walked to the door.
Without a backward glance he closed the
door behind him.

*	INSIDE the jail, Tad and Shorty
looked up with curious gaze at
Fox and waited for him to break

v-# the silence that followed Kipp’s

departure. Fox’s lips were again twitching
at the corners. Otherwise, his expression
did not change.

  “Well, what have you two got to say for
yourselves?” he asked finally.

  Long legs far apart, bony fingers twisting
in a knot behind his back, he glanced coldly
at the two punchers.

  “It don’t look to me like it was our ante,”
Tad grinned easily. “The sheriff tells us
yo’re holdin’ the joker.”

  “Exactly. The way the play stands, I
can either make or break you two.”

He paused.	__

  “Spread yore cards, mister.”

  Tad forestalled the silence that Fox had
anticipated, a silence during which he had
expected to watch these two cow punchers
squirm.

  A frown of annoyance brought his red-
dish brows together. He had rather ex-
pected to find the prisoners afraid and eager
to please him. Instead, both were grinning

as if they enjoyed the situation.

  “Very well,” he snapped. “I give you
your choice. Either you go to the peni-
tentiary or on the LF payroll.”

  “Penitentiary?” said Tad slowly. “Since
when has it got tuh be a penitentiary offense
tuh mix in a two-bit saloon fight?”

  “Assault with.<a deadly weapon means
a stretch in the big house,” smiled Fox.
“Crossing Luther Fox, you may find, is even
a worse crime.”

  “Yuh mean you’ll railroad us, eh?” said
Tad evenly. He seemed to be musing aloud.
“Yeah, I reckon yuh could. Me’n my liT
pard is strangers in a strange land and
plumb broke. Yeah, reckon yuh could do
it, mister. Now supposin’ we take yuh up
on the other proposition? Jest what kind
uh work do yuh aim that me and Shorty
should do tuh earn our pay? I might as
well tell yuh now, Fox, our guns ain’t fer
hire, if that’s yore game.”

  “The job I have in mind for you two is
legitimate and within the law,” said Fox.
“A rancher named Hank Basset owes me
money. I hold his note for ten thousand
dollars which falls due next week. It will
be your job to ride to his ranch and collect
that ten thousand dollars, in cash or steers.
Since the man is broke, the payment will be
made by turning over to me five hundred
head of steers at twenty dollars per head.”
“Mighty cheap cattle,” grunted Shorty.
Fox shrugged.

  “Mebbeso. That’s beside the question.
I am waiting for your answer and it ain’t
healthy, as a rule, to keep Luther Fox
waiting.”

Fox fished a long stogie from his pocket,
repaired its broken wrapper with a cigaret
paper and set fire to it. His little eyes sur-
veyed them through the haze of blue smoke.
Tad turned to Shorty.

  “Supposin’ we leave it to the sheriff to
decide fer us, pardner?”

  “Suits me, Tad.”

  Luther Fox’s eyes became pin-points of
glittering gray through the smoke haze.
His head thrust forward on a skinny neck,
he peered at the two punchers. A sinister,
hate-lined face, unchanging in expression.
Behind his back, the long, bony fingers
intertwined until the joints cracked.
10

Adventure

  “-old buzzard,” was Shorty’s inward

comment.

  Without a word, Fox turned and strode
to the door. He swung it open and shoved
his head outside.

  “Come in here, Kipp,” he snapped.
“You’re wanted.”

  Kipp, a stub of cigaret sticking from the
corner of his mouth, rose from his squatting
posture against the log wall of the jail.

  “Fox wants me’n Shorty tuh collect a bad
debt from a gent named Hank Basset,” said
Tad, coming to the point. “We ’lowed we’d
leave it up tuh you.”

  Kipp nodded.

  “Kinda figgered he might pick you boys
fer the job. Take him up on it.”

  “We’re obliged to yuh, Sheriff,” grinned
Tad. “Mister Fox, yuh done hired two
hands.”

  Again the twitching at the corners of
Luther Fox’s thin lips.

  “Get your guns from Kipp and pull out.
I heard your six-shooters were empty.
You’ll find ammunition a-plenty in your
saddle pockets. Likewise a Winchester
apiece, in your saddle scabbards. Here’s
an order on Basset for the steers.”

  He held out a folded paper. Tad shoved it
in his vest pocket. Fox turned to the sheriff.

  “Kipp, these two men are now on my pay-
roll. The charges against them are dropped.
Give ’em their guns and let ’em go. They’re
wasting LF time here and they have a long
ride ahead. If you have any message for
Hank Basset, carry it yourself, understand?
My men are paid to carry out my orders,
not to deliver your messages. I think, Kipp,
that you savvy what I’m driving at, even
if these men don’t.”

  “I savvy, Fox,” returned the sheriff even-
ly, as he handed Tad and Shorty their guns.
He ushered them outside.

  “Boys,” he said, ignoring Fox, “I loaded
both yore guns. Five shells in each six-
gun, leavin’ a empty chamber under the
hammers. When yuh ride away from Alder
Gulch, jest remember this; them is good,
honest ca’tridges, bought with clean, honest
money. So-long and good luck.”

  Kipp nodded a brief farewell and reenter-
ing the jail, swung the door closed behind him.

  Tad and Shorty gave each other a puzzled
look, then followed the scowling Fox toward
the livery bam.

  In the corral adjoining the barn were
their private horses, saddled. Also six more

horses and a pack mule, the latter bearing
a bed covered by a new tarpaulin.

  “That gives you three mounts apiece be-
side your privates,” Fox explained. “You’ll
help Basset gather those steers. Use your
own judgment about any difficulties that
come up, the same as any regular ‘rep’
would do. One week from tomorrow, I’ll
meet you at the lone cottonwood on Rock
Creek and receive the cattle. I don’t want
either of you to forget that you’re drawin’
LF pay, and top wages at that. You’ll,
govern yourselves accordingly.”

  “Uh-huh,” grinned Tad. “Top wages,
Fox, but not fightin’ wages. Me and my
pardner is peaceful fellers lessen we gits
tromped on. We don’t travel none on our
shapes ner lead-slingin’ qualities. We ain't
wanted no place fer no crime and we don't
figger on leavin’ this country with a posse
follerin’ us. We’ll gather them steers, but
we won’t fight none tuh hold ’em. I bin
punchin’ cows long enough tuh know that
there’s a nigger in the woodpile somewheres
on this deal er you’d either gather them
steers yorese’f er send some uh yore regular
hands tuh do the job. We taken the sheriff’s
say-so about hirin’ out and we’ll see the
play through to the last card, but we ain’t
doin’ no dirty jobs fer no man, mister.”

  Tad had swung aboard his horse and sat
slouched in the saddle, watching Fox.

  “Get the cattle and I’ll be satisfied,” re-
plied Fox. “Yonder’s the trail. Basset’s
home ranch lays at the foot of that hazy
peak. You should make it by daylight to-
morrow. Follow this trail till you come to
the lone cottonwood, where the trail forks.
Take the right hand trail.”

  Shorty swung open the pole gate and Tad
hazed the horses into the open.

  Legs spread far apart, hands clenched
behind his back, Luther Fox stood in the
dusty trail and watched them out of sight.
Once more the corners of his cruel mouth
twitched oddly. As he watched the rapidly
fading dust cloud that hid the partners, his
eyes glittered with a look of cunning.

HI

“I DUNNO jest why, Tad,”
Shorty broke the silence, “but
WrMvT I shore feel sorry fer that Kipp
gent. He’s right old tuh be
pestered by a skunk like Fox. His nerves
ain’t so steady as they once was. I seen his
Paid Off

ii

hand shake when he called Fox’s hand. A
man can’t do good shootin’ when his hand

shakes, Tad.”

  “He’d a played his string out though,
Shorty. Even when he knowed Fox ’ud
beat him to the draw. Kipp’s game, and
I reckon that’s why we kinda cottoned to
him. Besides, he shore fed us good. I’m
wonderin’ what he meant by sayin’ he’d put
honest ca’tridges in our guns? Reckon
we’re nosin’ into a range war? Danged if
we don’t git into more jams than a burglar.
Yonder’s the lone cottonwood.”

  The sun had just set and the rolling hills
were bathed in the subdued afterglow. The
greasewood flat beyond took on the appear-
ance of a dark-green carpet. Distant peaks
reflected the last rays of the sun. A covey
of sage hens whirred from the brush in front
of the horses, then dropped out of sight.
Tad and Shorty pulled up in front of the
giant cottonwood, eyes fixed on a rudely
lettered sign nailed to the wide trunk, a sign
riddled with bullets.

  Warning to LF men. This here tree is my north
boundry. Hie ine runs due west to Squaw Butte.
Ary Fox man that crosses that line will be huntin’
trouble and he’ll shore find it. HANK BASSET.

  Tad waved a hand toward the sign.

  “Yonder’s the reason why me and you are
picked fer the steer-gatherin’ job, runt. I
knowed there was a ace hid up Fox’s sleeve.
What do yuh say, pard? Do we turn back
from here er go through with it?”

  “We done hired out fer the job, Tad.
Let’s play our string out. Shucks, I’d hate
tuh be bluffed out by ary sign.”

  Tad nodded thoughtfully.

  “Kipp aimed that we should go through.
There’s more to this play than a bad debt,
and I’m right curious tuh turn the next page.
Haze that hammer-headed, pack-slippin’
mule on to the trail and we’ll git goin’,
pardner. I’m rearin’ tuh git a squint at
this here Basset honibre, providin’ he ain’t
linin’ his sights on my briskit. Likewise,
li’P ’un, bear this in mind. Don’t go clawin’
fer no gun iffen we gits jumped. Set tight
and lemme augur ’em some. We ain’t
crossin’ this dead-line tuh burn powder. If
it comes to the wust and there’s no other
way outa the tight, we takes our own parts
like gentlemen. We ain’t huntin’ no trouble
and, on the other hand, we ain’t stoppin’
no soft-nosed bullets with our carcasses if
we kin keep from it. And git a tail holt on
yore ingrowed temper, sabe? The fust sign

I reads uh you cornin’ to a boil and buckin’
yore cover off, I knocks yuh between the
horns. Hear me, runt?”

  “Yeah. I hear yuh. Yo’re bellerin’ fit
tuh be heard a mile. I ain’t growed deef
on this trip. Fer a forty dollar a month cow
hand, yuh shore kin git shet of a heap uh
advice. I’ll remind yuh about it when yo’re
yellin’ fer me tuh pull this Basset feller off
yuh. Git along, mule.”

  Hours passed and the moon rose. If the
future held any fear for these two followers
of the dim trails, they gave no sign. Shorty
rode in the lead, picking the trail. Some-
times he sang and as the words of the lament
drifted back to Tad, the lanky puncher
grinned his appreciation and hummed an
off-key accompaniment. Now and then
they dozed, heads swaying gently with the
movements of their horses. Innumerable
cigarets were rolled, smoked and the butts
pinched out. Thus the night wore on and
the first streak of dawn found them halted
before a pole gate.

   Beyond the gate, lining the near-by creek,
were innumerable tall cottonwoods. A thin
spiral of smoke lifted from the chimney of a
hidden cabin. Twenty feet beyond the gate
was a buck-brush thicket. Not a sound
broke the quiet of the morning.

   Shorty leaned in his saddle to pluck forth
the wooden pin that held the gate closed.
A moment later he straightened.

  “She’s locked with a stay chain and pad-
lock, Tad,” he called softly.

  “Reckon we better call out afore we goes
further with the game. Haloooooo!”

   He raised his voice in a wolf-like howl.
Followed a moment of silence. Then, in
an ordinary tone of voice that caused both
punchers to jump with surprize, a man
called from the brush patch:

  “Hello yoreself. Jest set where yuh be
till we looks yuh over a spell. Keep the
little ’un covered with the shotgun, Ma.”
“I’ll make a sieve outa him if he makes
ary move, Hank. ’Tend to the big feller.
Know either of ’em?”

  “Nope. Light’s too dim yet tuh read the
brands on their hosses but ain’t that paint
hoss the LF hoss we seen in town last week?”

  “- a’mighty, Tad,” groaned Shorty

in an uneasy voice. “Start a talkin’ afore
we’re killed complete.”

  “We’re plum peaceful, mister,” called
Tad. “That’s a LFhossand so is theothers,
but hold yore fire. We come here tuh-”
12

Adventure

  “To finish robbin’ honest folks, eh?”
snapped a feminine voice that carried the
sharp edge of a newly whetted knife. “LF
men, eh? Come to do the dirty work of
that pole cat, Luther Fox! Gun toters, by
the looks of yuh. You seen the sign on the
cottonwood?”

  “Yes’m, but we ain’t——”

  “Shetup! Quit interruptin’a lady. Hank,
watch that big gent, he’s got a mean
eye. Dim as the light is, I kin see it. You
there, little feller, keep them hands where
they belongs. There’s eighteen buckshot
in both these barrels and I’m takin’ a rest
across this- boulder. Come to git them
cattle that’s due Fox?”

  “Yes’m. But we ain’t cravin’ no trouble
ma’am, leastways, not with women-folks.
Joe Kipp, the sheriff, ’lowed'that we should
come.”

  “Huh!” snorted the hidden lady. “And
what under the sun and seven stars has that
old sage hen got to say about it? If Kipp
had the gumption of a rabbit, he’d run the
hull LF pack outa the country. He’s stood
by like a lump on a log and seen a pore ol’
couple git robbed uh their eye teeth, and
never once raised a finger to stop it. He
don’t dast set foot on the place, he’s that

ashamed uh hisself fer-”

  “Hush, Ma,” cut in the voice of Hank
Basset. “Joe done his best by us. His
hands is tied, drat it, the same as ours is.
Now, big feller, how come that Joe Kipp
’lowed that you should come here? Don’t
try no lyin’ er we turns loose these shot-
guns. Yuh read the sign on the cotton-
wood and me’n ma is within’ our rights
when we shoots. Git tuh talkin’, dang yuh.”
“Me’n my liT pardner is strangers, Bas-
set, and we ain’t takin’ up no man’s fight
fer him. Kipp done told us tuh take Fox
up on it, when Fox give us the offer uh the
job. We was in jail at the time and the ol’
buzzard was aimin’ tuh cold-deck us into
the pen, savvy? It was either take this job
er go over the road fer a few years. We
ain’t doin’ dirty work fer no man, mister.
We’re cow hands, me and Shorty is, not
gun-toters. We come here peaceful and we
stays thataway, lessen we’re crowded bad.

  “If I was a gun man, Basset, and was
aimin’ tuh th’ow lead in yore direction, I’d
be doin’ it now. That there bush yo’re a
squattin’ behind ain’t so thick as she might
be. I kin see yuh plain. Yuh’d orter pick
a boulder fer shelter.”

  A muffled curse and cracking of twigs
came from the brush as Hank Basset shifted
his position. Tad’s eyes followed the mov-
ing brush tops. His ruse had worked. He
now knew where the cow man crouched.
Shorty grinned his approval at Tad’s clever
lying.

  “Good guessin’, Taddie. Now shoo that
there settin’ hen of a female from her nest
and we’ll feel easier,” he whispered. “If it
comes to the wust, we gotta run. We can’t
noways shoot no female women. I might
try a pot shot at Basset.”

  “Hush up, runt.” Then, in a louder
tone. “I said my say, Basset. She goes as
she lays. We ain’t burnin’ no powder here
ner elsewhere fer Luther Fox. Yo’re the
doctor, sabe? If we’re messin’ into ary
range war er such, we’ll go back the way
we come, with our guns in the scabards,
and leave the job tuh them that wants it.
From what I seen of the LF hands, there’s
plenty of ’em that’ll take it. There’s our
proposition, Basset. Take it er leave it.”
There was a long silence, broken only by
whispering between the cow man and his
wife. Then the answer came from behind
the boulder in the voice of Ma Basset.

  “Shed yore guns and fight. As long as
we gotta be pestered with LF men,,it’d as
well be you two as them others. Keerful
how you handle yore hands while yo’re
coming through the fence. Keep to the
middle of the wagon road that leads to the
house. Hank ami me’ll have yuh covered,
every step.”

  Tad and Shorty exchanged a quick look.
Tad nodded briefly.

  “Shed the cannon, pard, and we’ll take
her up.”

  They tossed their guns to the ground,
swung from the saddle and approached with
their hands in the air. The presence of a
woman caused Shorty to blush confusedly,
but Tad seemed to rather enjoy the situ-
ation. Once through the barbed-wire fence,
they kept to the road. A bend in the road
brought them in view of the buildings.

THE sun was just rising and both
cowpunchers gazed in surprize
at the scene spread before them.
Low walled, log buildings, the
sod roofs covered with green grass and wild
mustard. Well-built horse corrals, branding
shute and branding pen beyond. A well-
irrigated alfalfa patch, blooming and ripe
Paid Off

13

for cutting. A small blacksmith shop sur-
rounded by mowers, rakes, and two round-
up wagons. Everything neat and orderly,
rare indeed, for a cattle ranch.

  The ranch house and adjacent bunk house
were whitewashed, and climbing the walls
were masses of morning glories. Wild rose
bushes, pink blossoms wet with the early
morning dew, lined the gravel walk that
led to the doors. All around were the tall
cottonwoods.

  “Gosh!” whispered Shorty, and removed
his hat.

  Tad followed suit. They halted on the
threshold of the open door, carefully wiping
their feet on the burlap sack mat. Tad
sniffed the warm air that came from the
kitchen.

  From the service-berry brush behind the
cowpunchers, stepped the oddly mated
couple with their shotguns.

  •Hank Basset, shorter by six inches and
lighter by some eighty pounds than his wife,
was clad in faded flannel shirt and freshly
laundered, neatly patched overalls. Slight-
ly bent over, tanned the color of an old
saddle, a bald patch showing in the center
of his silvery hair, he was anything but war-
like in appearance. His mild blue eyes
twinkled with humor, but there was a look
about his straight mouth and square chin
that told of hidden determination and a
fearless spirit if he were roused.

  Ma Basset, red of cheek, her well-combed,
abundance of gray hair glistening in the
morning sun, was as neat as her rose bushes,
and as fresh looking, in her red-and-white
checked gingham. Despite the scowl that
furrowed her wide brow, there was every-
thing in her make-up to denote a generous,
mothering personality. A bit stout, to be
sure, but her step was firm and alert and her
bare arms were more muscular than fat.
A woman of the pioneer stock, ranch born
and raised. As much at home in the saddle
as in her immaculate kitchen, a fair example
of the cattle man’s wife whose courage and
sacrifice has played so important a role in
the building of the West. Even as her
mother before her had fought Indians, so
now, did Ma Basset wield her sawed-off
shotgun in defense of her home.

  Suddenly Tad sprag forward into the
open door of the kitchen.

  “Coffee’s b’ilin’ over!” he bellowed over
his shoulder.

  Shorty, left on the threshold, shoved his

aching arms higher in the air and gazed with
agonized eyes into the twin barrels of Ma

Basset’s raised shotgun.

  Tad now appeared in the doorway, hold-
ing aloft the steaming coffee pot as proof of
his good intentions.

 “- a’mighty, yuh big lummox,”

groaned Shorty. “Yuh like tuh got me
killed.”

  There was that in the appearance of the
two partners to cause even the stoniest
hearted to smile. Shorty, his swollen eye a
sickly green, tanned face perspiring and red
from suppressed emotion and embarrass-
ment, gazing beseechingly at his partner.
Tad, his homely, rough-hewn features
wreathed in an infectious grin, holding aloft
the huge granite-ware coffee pot.

  “Shucks, Hank,” muttered Ma Basset in
an undertone of relief, “them two boys
ain’t no badmen. Why that pore little
feller is nigh scared tuh death. Don’t sup-
pose he ever hurt a livin’ thing in his hull
life. My gracious but that big ’un did give
me a start when he tore into the house
thataway. I was sure certain he was aimin’
to make a fight of it. Lawzee!”

  The elderly couple dkl not relax their
vigilance, however, until breakfast was well
on its way.

  Tad, with his unaffected, loquacious man-
ner, did much to quell suspicion. He in-
sisted on putting on an apron and helping
with the breakfast, all the while keeping up
an aimless chatter with the lady of the
house. More than often he had her
chuckling gaily.

  Shorty, in the front room with Hank,
told a straightforward story of their sojourn
in Alder Gulch.

  “Yuh mean that you whupped that big
miner by yoreself? Why, Fox claims that
big hunkie is a ex-prize fighter!”

  Shorty shrugged.

  “I dunno about that, mister. If he’s a
pug, he’s a pore ’un. You’d uh died laffin’
tuh see Tad a-holdin’ off that gang with a
empty gun.”

  “And you boys ain’t fightin’ fer Luther
Fox?”

  “Mister,” said Shorty solemnly, “when
me and Ted draws our shootin’ irons, we
does it because somebody’s crowdin’ us er
our friends, bad. We’re aimin’ tuh go back
tuh Arizony some day and we got friends
down there that we want tuh look square in
the eyes, sabe?”
14

Adventure

  “Breakfast is about ready,” called Ma
Basset from the doorway.

  Hank and Shorty got to their feet.
“Ma’am,” said Shorty, flushing hotly,
“our hosses is outside the fence yonder.
My grub ’ud plumb choke me if I was tuh
set down to the table afore I’d took care uh
my Skewball hoss. Tad, I reckon, feels the
same about his Yaller Hammer hoss. He’d
’a’ said so hisse’f only he’s a-tormentin’ me
by makin’ me axe yuh, kin we be excused
while we ’tends to ’em. The big walloper
pesters me continual when there’s women
folks around.”

  Shorty was the color of an Indian blanket
by now. Tad, grinning widely, winked at
Hank.

  “Tush, son,” smiled Ma Basset. “Now
don’t you pay no attention to him. He’d
orter be ashamed uh hisself, tormentin’ a
boy half his size. You boys hurry on now
and tend to yore ponies. The key to the
gate hangs on a nail on the gate post. Un-
saddle and turn yore hosses into the pasture.
There’s blue-joint grass and water'a-plenty
there. I’ll put the biscuits and eggs in the
warmin’ oven. Hurry, now.”

  Five minutes later there came the sound
of splashing water. Ma Basset, look-
ing- out the kitchen window, nodded her
approval.

  “They’re washin’-up at the bunkhouse,
Hank,” she whispered. “Those boys has
had raisin’.”

  “When a man sets down to his grub afore
he’s took care uh his hoss, watch out fer
him,” added Hank. “I was a-waitin’ tuh
see if they was goin’ tuh let their animals
wait. It don’t take no smart gent tuh see
that they’re as different from the other LF
riders as a gentleman is different from a
sheep herder. I bin thinkin’, Ma, mebbe
so them two boys kin help us. They’re
kinda like home folks, sorter.”

  “Help us?”

  Ma Basset shoved a second pan of bis-
cuits in the oven and closed the door
thoughtfully. Then she straightened.

  “Help us, Hank? I’m afeered not. The
cattle’s gone, that’s all. They’re good boys,
like as not, but they can’t make a herd uh
cattle outa a handful uh sore-footed cows
and wind-bellied calves. No, we’re beat
and beat bad. But we ain’t hollerin’,
neither of us. If only our Pete boy was back
home, I’d feel as chipper as a meadow lark.
But the thought uh him cooped up in a

prison cell, kinda takes the warm feelin’
outa the sunshine, somehow,”

  Tears glistened in her eyes. She seated
herself on a chair and dabbed at the tears
with the corner of her apron. Hank crossed
over to her and put an arm about her
shoulders.

  Tad and Shorty had removed their spurs
at the bunkhouse. They made but little
noise as they came to the door and halted
to wipe the dust from their boots. They
could not help but see what went on inside
the kitchen. Embarrassed, they looked at
each other in silence.

  “Our Pete sent over the road by that low-
down LF spread, our cattle run off and a
ten-thousand-dollar note due next week,”
came the voice of Hank Basset whose back
was toward the cowpunchers. “It’s hard
lines fer folks as old as us, Ma. But we ain’t
licked yet. I kin still hold down a job
punchin’ cows.”

  “And I kin beat ary round-up cook that
ever burned a batch uh beans er turned a
mess wagon over,” added Ma Basset brave-
ly. “Yuh mind that fall when I cooked fer
the outfit, Hank, and drove two broncs fer
wheelers? I can do it again, too.”

  Tad, a vise-like grip on his partner’s arm,
backed quietly away from the door. On
tiptoe they retreated to the bunkhouse.
Then, with careless step and a whistle com-
ing discordantly from Tad’s pursed lips,
they again approached the kitchen.

  Ma Basset’s eyes showed faint signs of
redness and Hank seemed somewhat ill at
ease. He led them back into the front
room.

  “Biscuits ain’t quite done,” he explained,
waving the two punchers to chairs.

  He moved stealthily to a cupboard and
reached a hand in behind the curtain. It
came forth holding a brown bottle.

  “Ma keeps it fer snake bite,” he whis-
pered. “Have a nip?”

  But before he could hand the bottle to
the expectant Shorty, an approaching step
sounded from the kitchen. Hank deftly
slid the bottle back behind the curtain, a
second before his wife appeared in the
doorway.

  In Ma Basset’s hand was a piece of raw
beefsteak and a strip of cloth.

  “Fer your eye,” she told Shorty, and
forthwith tied the piece of meat over the
swollen and discolored member.

  “Your pardner was a-tellin’ me how you
Paid Off

15

fell off your hoss and bunged that eye up,”
she smiled, standing aside to survey the
bandage critically.

  “Hoss th’owed me?” returned Shorty
dazedly. “Shucks, I——”

  “Nothin’ to be ashamed of,” she replied.
“There ain’t a bronc rider livin’ that ain’t
got it some time er another.”

  “Never was a rider that never got
th’owed,” chanted Tad, trying in vain to
catch his partner’s eye. “Never was a
bronc that never got rode,” he finished the
rime.

  But Shorty did not see. Hank was shift-
ing uneasily in his rawhide-bottomed chair.
He too, seemed to be trying to convey a
silent message of some sort to Shorty.

  “But, ma’am, I-”

  “Ma, ain’t them biscuits a burnin’?”
Hank was sniffing the air like a hound
scenting a fox. Ma, her thoughts diverted
to the bread, made her way hastily to the
kitchen.

  Hank’s hand darted to the cupboard and
the bottle of whisky came forth once more.
This time it went the rounds. Hank re-
placed the cork and the bottle vanished
behind the curtain.

  “Now, Ox,” growled Shorty. “Howtcome
yuh lied about this here eye?”

  “Miz Basset ’lowed that them as mixed
up in saloon fights was mighty low-down
sorter humans, sabe? Tuh keep yuh from
bein’ disgraced, I lied a mite about that
black eye that miner hung on yuh.”

  “Ma is plumb sot ag’in’ fightin’,” added
Hank. “I aimed tuh wise yuh up, but it
kinda slipped my mind. Onct, when I gits
tangled up in a nice quiet scrap and shows
up with a swole up jaw, Ma kinda quaran-
tined me off and I et, slept and subsisted,
as the sayin’ goes, in the blacksmith shop.
One uh the boys toted my grub to me.
Doggone, she was on the prod. She don’t
paw the earth ner beller loud ner bend no
rollin’ pins across a man’s withers. No, sir.
She jest swells up like a buck Injun, gits
proud and haughty and kinda looks a
feller over like he was lower than a sheep
herder.”

  Shorty was not cheered by this bit of
news. Ma Basset summoned them to break-
fast at this juncture and the little puncher
inwardly writhed with the burden of a
guilty conscience. Pangs of hunger con-
quered, however, and he ate as heartily as
Tad.

       IV

“I AIN’T noways aimin’ tuh be
hollerin’,” explained old Hank,
spraying a sage bush with to-
bacco juice. “I jest want that
you boys should know what kind of a skunk
yo’re workin’ fer and how he’s throwed the
hooks to me.”

  Tad and Shorty, riding on either side of
the cattle-man, nodded.

  “Two years ago, come July fourth, my
son, Pete, gits into a jam over a hoss that
Black Jack is abusin’ on the street in Alder
Gulch. Black Jack pulls a gun. He’s
tanked up on Injun whisky and onery as

-, sabe? He hates the Pete boy anyhow,

and comes a rearin’ when Pete tells him tuh
quit beatin’ the hoss over the head.

  “His bullet ketches Pete in the thigh and
Pete limbers up his six-gun as he’s a failin’.
Black Jack goes down with a .45 slug in his
gun arm and the fight is over.

  “But the Black Jack gent and Luther Fox
is playin’ of a deep game and they sets out
tuh bust us. They has Pete throwed in jail
and tried fer attempt tuh murder. They’s
a dozen LF pole cats that swears on the
witness stand that Pete starts the fight and
shoots fust. Pete, not havin’ ary witness,
is railroaded.

  “Trials is expensive, boys. Pete’s law
sharp bleeds me fer all I kin scrape up. The
price uh cattle is lower’n a rattler’s belly and
I’m bad crowded tuh git the coin. I borrys
ten thousand dollars from the bank and
gives my note, never thinkin’ they’d sell the
note tuh Luther Fox. I ain’t wise tuh them
throat-cuttin’ tricks that’s called good busi-
ness by some.

  “That fall finds me busted and in debt.
I’m doin’ business with Fox’s bank, buyin’
grub from Fox’s store and the pore speci-
mens uh cowpunchers that’s workin’ fer me
is drawin’ double wages from Fox and
stealin’ me blind. Up till then, Pete has bin
runnin’ the round-up and takin’ care uh
that end. He’s made me and Ma take it
easy like, sendin’ us to Californy and Florida
fer the winters and a babyin’ us scan’lous
thataway. Now we’re throwed up ag’in’ it
onct more and we pitches in tuh do our
dangdest.

  “The day Pete is sentenced to twenty-five
years at Deer Lodge, Ma takes the train fer
Helena tuh see the governor and I comes
back and starts the fall round-up with as
16

Adventure

sorry a crew as ever rode a good hoss tuh
death. My range covers the country be-
tween the lone cottonwood and the Missouri
River. Some eighty thousand acres and
she’s supposed tuh be fair stocked. Gents,
it sounds scary when I tell it, and yuh kin
believe it er not, but we works that range
and we don’t gather five hundred head uh
steers. Somebody’s beat us to it, under-
stand, and I’m cleaned out complete!

  “I ships the five hundred head which
don’t bring no kind of a price, pays off these
hoss killers, and gits Joe Kipp tuh help me
home with the remuda uh sore-backed hoss-
es. Then me and Joe starts in fer tuh hunt
them stolen cattle.

  “There’s old sign a plenty and when we
cuts the main trail, we splits up and follers
it into the bad lands. There’s mebbe so
a stretch uh rough, timbered brakes fer
fifteen-twenty miles betwixt the open prairie
and the river. Timbered some and stood
on end fer the most part. I follers a trail
along a timbered ridge while Joe takes the
main trail which seems tuh twist eastward
towards the LF range.

  “I’ve rode mebbe so eight-ten miles when
my hat gits knocked off and I hears the pop
of a 30-30. Some gent has drilled my hat.
Over behind some boulders is a puff of white
smoke. The range is upwards uh five hun-
dred yards. I picks up my hat, unlimbers
ole “meat-in-the-pot” and heads fer Mister
Bushwhacker.

  “Ping! Off goes my hat onct more and
this time the shot comes from the other
side, a good four hundred yards away.

Whoever is doin’ that shootin’ is-good

shots. Thinkin’ along them lines, and won-
derin’ where the next bullet will hit, I jabs
home the spurs and goes a shootin’ towards
Mister Polecat behind the boulders.

  “Wham! A Winchester barks and my
hoss piles up, shot between the eyes. I
takes my stand behind his carcass and
throws some lead in the direction uh the
brush patch where I sees the white smoke
fadin’ away. When my gun is empty, I
commences shovin’ fresh shells in the maga-
zine. Then-busts loose. Seems like

a army is bombardin’ me. But every
danged bullet is goin’ about a foot high.
Sudden like, the shootin’ quits.

  “Got a plenty?” calls a stranger voice.
“We bin foolin’ up to now. The next
shootin’ we does will be the real article.
Git on yore laigs and hit fer home.”

  “I feels the wind of a steel-jacket bullet
as she misses my nose by about a inch.
Mad? I was b’ilin’, gents. Only fer leavin
Ma a widder, I’d uh stayed till they got
me. But het up as I was, I sees how
plumb useless it is tuh make a fight, so I
drags it.

  “At the edge uh the bad lands, where
we’d split up, I finds Joe Kipp. He’s
kinda white and shaky like, and he’s afoot,
the same as me. The drawed look around
his mouth and the way his eyes looks at
me, makes me feel plumb sorry fer him.
He’s takin’ it wuss than I am.

  “ ‘They shot yor hoss and made a danged
target outa yuh, Joe?’ I asks, not knowin’
how else tuh ease his feelin’s.

  “ ‘Hank,’ says he, solemn like and ear-
nest as -, ‘I wish tuh -- they’d

uh killed me, instead uh wingin’ me, like
they did.’

  “And he shows me his gun arm, busted
between the shoulder and elbow by a soft-
nosed bullet. I ties up the arm the best
I kin and we commences that thirty-mile
walk home. Ol’ Joe never whimpered
onct durin’ that night’s walk, though I
knowed he was sufferin’ bad. Ner did he
do ary talkin’. Up till then he’d bin right
hopeful about gittin’ them stolen cattle
back. But bein’ set afoot and sech musta
drug it outa him bad, fer he ain’t never bin
the same man since.

  “There’s them that claims he’s scared uh
Fox, and sometimes it shore looks like they
done read the sign right. Me, I don’t
know. Seems like, if he was scared uh
Fox, that he’d throw up his tail and quit.
But he still holds the job down. Some day,
I look fer him tuh kill Fox er git killed a-
tryin’.”

  “Didn’t yuh never make no more fight
tuh find them cattle?” asked Tad after
some silence.

  “Kipp done went down into the hills
two-three times. Each time he went there,
he come back afoot, lookin’ like he’d seen
a ghost. And somewhere in his hide ’ud
be a bullet hole. Not bad, jest a kinda
souvenir uh the occasion, as the feller
says.

  “Onct, I gathers me a posse uh cow-men
from around the county and we slips into
the brakes after night. Injuns couldn’t
uh done it more quiet. We’d gone mebbe
so five-six miles and was goin’ single file
down a steep trail that led into a canyon.
Paid Off

17

Sudden like, fifty feet dhead uh my hoss—
I’m in the lead, sabe?—a match sputters.
Before I kin unlimber my cannon, a heap
uh brush blazes up. There we are, square
in the fight uh the blaze, the trail too narrer
tuh turn around, with a dead drop uh two
hundred feet on one side and a shale cliff
on the other. On the trail behind us, afore
we gits our senses good, another brush pile
busts into flame.”

  “ ‘Do you idjits turn back from here er
does we start a shootin’?’ bellers agent from
the dark up above.

  “It don’t take no more’n a half-witted
sheep herder tuh decide which to do. We
tells this gent that we’re turnin’ back.

  “ ‘Fifty feet down the trail,’ says he,
‘the trail widens. When the front fire goes
out, ride over it to that place and turn. Ary
man that passes that wide point, gits a

free ticket tuh -. Us boys is holed

up here fer a spell and we ain’t cravin’
no visitors. The next man that rides into
these brakes, don’t see his happy home no
more.’ ”

  “That ended it, eh?” inquired Tad.

  Hank nodded.

  “I ain’t never bin back there. What’s
the use? They got the bulge in that coun-
try. They kin set on a pinnacle and see
every rider between the brakes and my
place, if they got ary fieldglasses, which
they likely has. The only way tuh git into
the hills is along them trails and every
danged trail is watched. Them cattle is
like so many flies in a bottle and Fox’s
hand over the mouth tuh keep ’em in.
The same crew uh gun fighters that keeps
folks from goin’ into the hills, keeps the
cattle from driftin’ out.”

 “Hmm,” mused Tad aloud. “Regular
hole-in-the wall proposition, ain’t it? Yeah.
How many trails leadin’ into that section,
Hank?”

  “Two,” came the prompt reply. “It’s a
kinda pocket, widening out beyond where
the brakes meets the bottom lands.”

  “Trails along the river bottoms, ain’t
there?”

  “Nary trail ’ceptin’ late in the fall when
the water’s low. It’s what they call the
Narrows. Except fer where trails has bin
cut out, a man can’t water his saddle hoss
along the riverbank fer ten miles. Thirty
and forty foot banks, sabe? And at each
end uh the ten-mile stretch is a gorge cut

out by spring rains and the cricks, which is

   2

so full uh quicksand that they’d bog a
jacksnipe. A danged pocket, I tell yuh,
a danged, gyp-water, soap-hole, shale-
banked pocket. And they’s feed in them
canons tuh winter half the cattle in Mon-
tana.”

  “Uh-huh. Yet, some way er another,
Hank, it don’t sound noways reasonable
that a man can’t git in there. Supposin’
that a man was tuh cross the river, say at
one uh the ferries, ride back on the opposite
bank till he come opposite them Narrers,
then swim across to where one uh them
trails is cut in the bank?”

  Hank laughed mirthlessly. “Can’t be
done, pardner. My boy Pete is the only
human that ever done it and he crossed
when the river was down. Now, at high
water, the-hisself couldn’t make it.”

  “Yore Pete done it?” put in Shorty,
silent up till now.

  Hank smiled reminiscently.

  “Pete knowed the river better’n ary
human alive. As a kid, he used tuh kinda
look after the hosses durin’ the summer.
He’d go into the pocket with a pack outfit
and stay there till time fer the fall round-
up. Long afore I even knowed he could
swim, that kid was bustin’ that river wide
open, jest fer the fun of it. He like tuh
drowned a dozen hosses, learnin’ ’em the
channel. I never knowed nobody else
that ever swum the Missouri at the Nar-
rows.”

  “Got ary uh them water hosses at the
ranch, Hank?” Shorty’s eyes were dancing
excitedly.

  “Shore thing, but even if you was fool
enough tuh tackle it, Shorty, the river’s up
and boomin’ now and the current swifter’n
a blue-racer snake. I wouldn’t let yuh

tackle it, boy. -’s bells, what ’ud yuh

do if yuh did git across?”

  “Now there’s where yuh got me guessin’,”
grinned the little puncher, but that danc-
ing light still flickered in his eyes as they
rode on.

  “If yo’re figgerin’ on playin’ fish, runt,
fergit it,” grunted Tad as he licked the
paper of a cigaret.

  They rode on in silence for some time,
heading back toward the Basset ranch.

  “Hank,” Tad broke a lengthy silence,
“Did Kipp ever try tuh git help from the
Stock Association on this deal?”

  “If he did, he never said so ner nothin’
ever come of it. Why?”
i8

Adventure

  “I was jest a-askin’, that’s all,” came the
evasive reply. “Jest tryin’ tuh git a squint
at the lay from all sides. How long have
yuh knowed Kipp?”

  “Ever since he come to the country.
Lemme see. About eighteen years, near
as I kin figger.”

  “Where’d he come from?”

  “Don’t know as Joe ever said, and I
never asked him. Look here, if yo’re
figgerin’ that Joe Kipp is mixed up with Fox
and ain’t square, yo’re plumb wrong.
Joe’s honest, bank on that. I’d bet my
last steer on it.”

  “Mebbe so yuh done bet ’em already,
and lost ’em,” laughed Tad.

  Hank smiled bitterly.

  “I reckon not, Ladd. Does ol’ Joe look
like a crook er a cow thief tuh you?”

  “No, Hank. If ever a man had honest
eyes, it’s Kipp. A right nice ol’ feller
from what me’n Shorty seen uh him. How
long has this Fox pole cat bin clutterin’ up
the range around here?”

  “Three years. He leased and bought all
the range he could git holt of and throwed in
some dogie stuff from the south. Black
Jack come with the cattle. He’s bin after
my range ever since he come to these parts,
but he never offered nowhere near a fair
price. He told me, last time he made me a
offer, that it was his top price and if I didn’t
take it, he’d bust me. It looks like he’s
shore doin’ it, too. Him and that black-
whiskered Injun.”

  “Is Black Jack a Injun?” asked Tad.
“Half-breed, so they claim. Apache, I
reckon, by his looks. It wouldn’t surprize
me none if he’s a outlaw. If he wasn’t
scared uh bein’ recognized, why does he
wear them whiskers? I asked Joe but he
’lowed a man couldn’t arrest a man and
shave him without havin’ danged good
reason, and I reckon he’s right.”

  They rode on, each of the three busy
with his own thoughts. Ma Basset was
waiting for them at the corral. Beside
her stood Joe Kipp. Both seemed unusu-
ally excited. Ma Basset’s eyes showed
signs of weeping.

  “God help us and him, Hank!” she cried
out as Hank dismounted, “Pete’s escaped
the pen!”

  “Have they caught him yet?” asked
Hank, his lips white with fear.

  “He got clean away, Hank,” said Kipp.
“I rode over tuh tell yuh.”

     V

•IF EVER a man looked worried,
it was Joe Kipp. Every feature
of his tanned face was drawn and
haggard. His eyes were blood-
shot and seared with some tortuous pain.
His hands shook so that he spilled the to-
bacco he was pouring into a brown paper.

  “Pete was a sorter trusty at Deer Lodge,”
he went on to explain. “He waited till
the chance come, then made a clean get-
away. He was gone two hours afore they
found it out. I got orders tuh watch out
fer him, Hank. Yuh see, they figger he’ll
be showin’ up around these parts.”

  “Look here, Joe Kipp,” said Ma Basset
firmly, her eyes still wet, “I don’t intend
to sit by with my hands in my lap while
you or any other man is gunnin’ fer my
Pete. Yo’re a law officer and there’s no
way to keep yuh from hangin’ around here,
but I’m givin’ yuh warnin’ here and now
that no man kin take Pete while I kin hold
a gun.”

  She turned to her husband.

  “Hank, I’m glad the boy’s loose and a
breathin’ good clean air again. He ain’t
goin’ back if I kin help it. Are you standirt’
by yore wife and son er do you line up on
the side uh the law that sends innocent
boys tuh prison? Are yuh—”

  “Hush, Ma, yo’re excited,” interrupted
Hank. “Uh course, I’m stayin’ by Pete,
right er wrong. But there’s no need
tuh-”

  Ma Basset sent him a withering glance
and whirled on the uncomfortable sheriff.

  “If you was as eager tuh git back them
stolen cattle as yuh are tuh shoot our Pete
boy, we’d not be facin’ poverty in our old
age. It’s a wonder tuh me that you got
the nerve tuh show yore face on this ranch,
Joe Kipp.”

  The "Sheriff winced as if struck. Shoulders
sagging, eyes fixed on the ground, he made
no reply. Tad and Shorty, unwilling spec-
tators, were heartily wishing themselves
elsewhere.

  A mother cat will face a dog fifty times
her size in defense of her young. Face him
without fear. Men call it mother instinct
and there is in this life no more courageous,
more self-sacrificing, nor more beautiful
trait. Not a man there but respected Ma
Basset for the stand she took, Joe Kipp
included.
Paid Off

19

  “Ma’am,” he said, his eyes still fixed
on the ground, “I don’t reckon I blame yuh
none fer the way yuh feel. But yo’re
plumb wrong about me gunnin’ fer Pete
Basset. No matter how the play comes up.
I ain’t drawin’ no gun on him if I should
cut his trail. If I was as ornary as you
figger I am, I’d uh kept my mouth shet and
laid low till Pete showed up. My idee in
ridin’ over was tuh kinda let yuh know it
in time tuh warn him. In doin’ that I’m
violatin’ my oath uh office.”

  Kipp turned abruptly and swung into
his saddle. Before Hank Basset or his
wife could say a word, he had ridden
through the pole gate and was lost to sight
in the trees.

  “I’d orter have my tongue cut out,”
said Ma Basset contritely. “Talkin’ to
the pore ol’ feller thataway when he was
doin’ us a good turn. Hank, git on yore
hoss and ketch him. Tell him I was jest
a fool woman talkin’ a lot uh fool nonsense.”
Hank shook his head.

  “I reckon ol’ Joe savvys, Ma. He ain’t
holdin’ no grudge. Supposin’ we tackles
some grub? It’s past sundown and we kin
talk this thing over better after we’ve took
on a bait uh beef and beans.”

  He jerked the saddle off his horse and
followed his wife to the house.

  “Holler when supper’s ready, Hank,”
Tad told him. “Me’n Shorty wants tuh
tack a shoe on one of our hosses.”

  Hank nodded appreciatively. He knew
that there was no horse to shoe and he
thanked Tad with a look for the kindly lie
that gave him and his wife a chance to dis-
cuss in private the escape of their son.

  When Hank had gone in the house, Tad
turned serious eyes on his partner.

  “Shorty, I got a hunch that Joe Kipp’s
a worryin’ over somethin’ besides this Pete
gent. He’s sick inside as if he was gut shot
and I aim tuh find out what’s eatin’ on him.
Yuh seen how he flinched when Miz Basset
lit on him?”

  “Yuh don’t think the ol’ feller’s playin’
a double game do yuh, Tad?” Shorty’s
voice dropped to a whisper.

  “I hate tuh be thinkin’ he’s that ornary,
but dang me if there ain’t some things
about this deal that has me guessin’.
I’m goin’ tuh foller Kipp and see what
comes uh it. Tell Hank and Miz Basset
some durned lie er another about why I
rode off. Look fer me when yuh see me

ride through" yonder gate, sabe? This may
be a hour’s job, er on the other hand,
mebbe so it’ll take a week.”

  “Why can’t we both go?”

  “Because, my well-meanin’ but plumb
onsenseless amigo, it’s a one man job, this
trailin’ business. Stick around here, keep
yore eyes peeled, and if the Pete boy shows
up, tell him not tuh quit the flats till I
show up and kin make a medicine talk
with him. This deal has my curious bump
a-itchin’ and we’ll see ’er through, no?”

  “I’d tell a man. Taddie, ol’ war hoss,
I’m rearin’ tuh tackle that river from yon
side and-”

  “Of all the plumb dehorned, knee-
sprung, narrer-foreheaded idiots that ever
dealt his pardner misery, yo’re the wust!
We ain’t here tuh do no fightin’, dang it.
And I don’t want tuh put in the rest uh the
summer hangin’ around them sand bars
waitin’ fer yore fool carcass tuh come
floatin’ along. Haze that fool idee plumb
outa yore system and start all over on some
plan that listens sensible.

  “A man ’ud think yuh had more lives
than a tom cat. Fork yore geldin’ and
come down the pasture with me while I
ketches me my Yaller Hammer pony.
And git this here idee circulatin’ through
yore system, son: We’re peaceful cow hands,
me ajid you. This ain’t our scrap that’s
goin’ on and the best we’ll git is the
sharp end uh the prod-pole if we cuts in
heavy.

  “Leave the thinkin’ parts tuh yore pard-
ner. If I hollers fer he’p, come a runnin’
but not lessen I hollers. We want tuh
be all in one piece and enjoyin’ health and
prosperity, as the sayin’ goes, when we
presses our ponies fer Arizony this fall.
Keep yore tongue between yore jaws and
yore gun in the scabbard and we stand a
fair tuh middlin’ show uh makin’ our home
range, come Christmas. Go rearin’ and
fightin’ yore head and like as not we’ll
winter in a two by four hoosegow some-
wheres in Montana.”

  Ten minutes later, Shorty watched his
partner ride his fresh horse out the pole
gate and along the trail Kipp had taken.
A wide grin spread across the little cow
puncher’s weather-tanned face.

  “Yuh long-legged preacher,” he muttered

good humoredly. “Yo’re plumb - on

givin’ forth wise words, ain’t yuh? Yuh
give more danged advice than a Jersey
20

Adventure

cow gives milk. Then yuh rides away
tuh hog all the fun whilst I hangs around
the kitchen door like a dad-gummed blow-
fly and whittles sticks till yuh chooses tuh
come back. Now I gotta go in there and
lie tuh cover yore trail, dang yuh. We’ll
see about swimmin’ that river, big ’un.”
“Grub pile!” called Hank from the
kitchen door, thus putting an end to
Shorty’s muttered tirade against the tyr-
anny of his big partner.

  A wicked look gleamed in his eyes as he
made his way to the cabin.

  “Where’s yore partner?” asked Ma
Basset.

  “Gone,” said Shorty, shaking his head
sadly.

  “Gone? Gone where?”

  “Tuh town, I reckon, ma’am. I done
the best I could tuh stop him but ’twan’t
no use. Yuh see, Miz Basset, he’s one uh
these here habitual drunks. Goes fer
months without tetchin’ a drop. Then,
sudden like, he jest busts out. He’ll swim
rivers, climb pinnacles, go afoot if he has
tuh, till he locates licker. Then he bogs
down till he’s soaked up enough tuh kill
ary ten men, forks his hoss and comes
back. And the queer part of it is, he looks
cold sober all the time. I bet a new hat
yuh won’t be able tuh tell he’s had a drink
when he gits back.”

  “Land sakes! The pore, diseased critter.
Who’d uh thunk he was inflicted thataway,
Hank? I hope he gits home safe.”

  Hank gave Shorty a suspicious look and
when Ma Basset’s broad back was turned,
the little puncher winked broadly. Hank
chuckled.

  “Hank Basset!” Ma whirled at the sound.
“Shame on yuh. Makin’ fun uh that pore,
diseased boy. If that ain’t like a man.
Cow punchers is the most cold-hearted
humans livin’, I do believe.”

  “Yes’m.” agreed Hank. “Shorty, if
yuh’d crave the use of a brush and comb,
I’ll herd yuh to it.”

  He led the way into the living room and
to the bed room beyond. As he passed the
cupboard, his hand slipped behind the cur-
tain and when the two gained the bed room,
Hank uncorked the bottle of snake bite
cure.

  “Happy days, Hank.”

  “Drink hearty, Shorty,” came the reply,
soft whispered, barely audible above the
ensuing gurgling noise.

VI

#WITH Shorty left behind to

■	excuse his partner’s absence
i at supper, Tad, despite gnaw-
ing pangs of hunger, made no

complaint.

  In the graying dusk of twilight, he rode
slowly along the dusty trail, a solitary,
graceful figure as he sat his horse with a
careless ease, a cigaret drooping from the
corner of his straight lips. Not a trace
of weariness was perceptible, in spite of the
fact that he had been in the saddle since
dawn. He had the appearance of some
cowpuncher bent on a careless mission and
time was a minor factor. Yet his keen
eyes constantly swept the rolling hills with
a restless gaze. Always, that gaze came
back to focus on the moving speck far
ahead on the trail.

  “Looks like he was headin’ straight fer
town, Yaller Hammer,” he said softly to
the twitching, dun colored ears of his horse.
“Mebbeso I’m havin’ this here ride £r
nothin’, I dunno.”

  From his chaps pocket he produced a
weatherbeaten square of plug • tobacco,
gnawed to a ragged edge at one end. He
surveyed it critically^ wiped it carefully
on the sleeve of his jumper and bit off a
generous piece.

  “Nothin’ like chawin’ tuh keep down the
hungry feelin’s,” he mused aloud. “Ain’t
smelt grub since daylight. Mebbeso won’t
sniff none till mornin’, neither. It’s ——
but it’s honest, pony, if yuh want tuh figger
it thataway.”

  Darkness slowly gathered and Tad and
Yellow Hammer closed the gap that sep-
arated them from Joe Kipp. Tad grinned
his thanks to the full moon that rose ma-
jestically from beyond the skyline.

  He rode more alertly now, eyes and eats
strained to catch any sign of the man he
followed. Also, he watched the wagging
ears of his horse. When those furry points
stiffened, pointed forward, Tad would
halt. Twice, when he thus stopped, he
was rewarded by the sounds of a traveling
horse, ahead on the trail. Once, Kipp’s
horse had nickered and Tad’s big hands
closed over Yellow Hammer’s black muzzle
just in time to prevent an answering nicker.
He allowed Kipp a bigger lead from that
point on.

  The hours dragged. Tad dared not
Paid Off

21

risk lighting a cigaret now. The plug of
tobacco was gradually being gnawed to
smaller size. Then, silhouetted against
the skyline, showed the lone cottonwood
that marked Hank Basset’s border line.
Tad could make out the form of a horse-
man, halted beneath the wide branches.
The waiting man lighted a cigaret and
Tad recognized the features of Joe Kipp.'

  Nodding sagely to himself, Tad dis-
mounted and led Yellow Hammer into the
tall greasewood.

  “Hate tuh treat yuh so or’nary,” he
whispered as he slipped a burlap sack
across Yellow Hammer’s muzzle and fast-
ened it to the cheek bands of his bridle,
“but I jest can’t have yuh makin’ no hoss
howdy’s, sabe? This ain’t the fust time
I’ve cluttered yuh up with one uh these
contraptions, so don’t act spooky. That’s
the good hoss. I wisht Shorty had half
yore sense, dang his or’nary li’l’ hide. I
bet he’s in the saddle this minute, streakin’
it fer the river. Playin’ hookey like a
school kid and worryin’ a man plumb
ga’nt.”

  With the caution of an Indian, Tad, de-
void of spurs and chaps which were hung
to his saddle horn, crept through the brush
toward the cottonwood. Two horses stood
beneath the lone tree now. The glowing
ash of two cigarets showed where the dis-
mounted horsemen squatted against the
wide tree trunk.

  A clear space separated the tree and the
greasewood patch where Tad lay prone on
the ground. A space wide enough to pre-
vent him making out the words of the low-
toned conversation. Only when th§ voices
momentarily laid stress on some spoken
thought, could he make anything of the
murmur. The voice of Kipp was clearly
recognizable. The other speaker’s voice
was vaguely familiar.

  “I tell yuh,” came Kipp’s voice, raised
with emotion, “I’ve come to the breakin’
point! I’ve stood it till I can’t stand it no

longer. Why, in-’s name, can’t you and

Fox let me quit and pull outa the country?
I tell yuh now, I can’t be crowded no more.
I’ll tell the whole —— miser’ble story!”

  “Like-you will,” came the sneering

reply, low pitched, calm, distinct. “You’ll
play yore string out. When we clean up
the Basset deal, you kin go. Not till then.
We need yore protection.”

  Kipp’s reply came in a hoarse whisper,

indistinguishable to the listener hidden in
the brush.

  A coarse, jeering laugh came from the
other man in reply. A match flared to
light a cigaret and Tad recognized the black-
bearded face of the half-breed, Black Jack.

 “You know - well you won’t do no

talkin’,” came the breed’s voice with cold
conviction.

  “Where’s Fox?” asked Kipp, breaking a
brief silence.

. “Somewhere on the LF trail, headin’
this way. And I don’t aim that he should
ketch me here, neither. I’m draggin’ it
for the Pocket.”

  Black Jack got to his feet and took a step
toward his horse. Then he halted.

  “Goin’ to stay here all night? Better
be gettin’ to town where yuh belong.
Fox’ll be along directly and he’ll wonder
what brung you here. Pete Basset breakin’
his stake rope has put the old gent in one

-of a humor, and he might treat yuh

rough. Better hit the grit.”

  ‘•‘I’m aimin’ tuh wait fer Fox,” replied
Kipp hoarsely.

 “Don’t be a plumb - fool. He’U

mebbe kill yuh.”

  “Reckon not.”

  “It’s yore funeral. I’m driftin’. Good
luck. Mind what I say, now. Fox’ll beat
yuh to it, if yuh make ary gun play. That
ol’--’s a snake. So-long.”

  Tad listened to the thudding of hoofs as
the breed rode away into the night. A few
moments and all was silent as a grave yard.

  Kipp got to his feet, pinching out the
glowing ash of his cigaret. He led his
horse to a patch of brush beyond the tree.
When he returned, the pale rays of the moon
fell on the blued-steel barrel of the Win-
chester in the crook of his arm.

  Tad, watching the sheriff’s every move,
whistled noiselessly. He saw Kipp settle
down behind a small patch of brush. This
shelter hid Kipp from the trail but Tad
could see him plainly, outlined against the
pale sky. Came the clicking of the sheriff’s
carbine lever as he threw a cartridge from
the magazine into the barrel. Then the
gun raised and Tad saw Kipp squint along
the barrel.

  “Testin’ his sights,” mused Tad. “If
ever a man went through the motions uh
bushwhackin’ a enemy, Kipp’s a-doin’ it
now. He don’t noways aim tuh give Fox
a chanct.”
22

Adventure

  Tad pondered this decision for some time,
his eyes fixed on Kipp.

 “-he muttered inwardly. “Puts

me in one-of a mess. Fox needs killin’

and needs it bad. Shore does. Even
shootin’ him from the brush is mebbeso
what’s cornin’ to him, I dunno. But that
won’t keep Kipp from bein’ a low-down,
bushwhackin’ killer iffen he does the job.
Looks tuh me like this Black Jack Injun
and Fox is shore th’owin’ the hooks to the
ol’ sheriff plumb sCan’lous. They got him
nigh loco, ’pears tuh me. But shore as he’s
a foot high, Kipp’ll hate hisse’f fer pullin’
the trigger, afore his gun barrel cools off.
Yessir. Bound tuh. Then what’ll he do?
He’ll go to the bad, complete. Booze’ll
put him in the bog fer keeps. Either that,
er he’ll turn that gun on hisse’f and blow his
own head off. Which won’t do nobody
no good ’ceptin’ mebbe this Black Jack
skunk. Hmm. I never cut into no man’s
game up till now, but I’m shore declarin’
myse’f in on this.”

NOISELESSLY, he slipped back
to his horse and swung into the
saddle. As Yellow Hammer
scuffed along the dusty trail at
a running walk, Tad raised his voice in
song to herald his coming. He rightly
guessed that his approach would, for a few
moments, so startle Kipp that the old sheriff
would not have time to beat a retreat until
Tad was too close.

“Sam Bass was born in Indiana, it was his native
    home,	'

  And at the age of seventeen young Sam begun
    to roam.

  Sam fust come to Texas, a cowboy fer to be,

  A kinder hearted feller, you seldom ever see.”

  The words of the old range song came in
full-toned, discordant abandon as Tad rode
into the clearing.

  From the brush, Kipp’s horse nickered
and this time Tad allowed Yellow Hammer
to give answer.

 “Whoa, geldin’,” mumbled Tad, loud
enough for Kipp to hear. “Looks like we
got company. Halloo, pardner. Come out
so’s we kin read yore brand.”

  A second of silence, then Kipp stepped
into sight. The sheriff’s bushy white brows
bristled in a frown of annoyance. Yet
Tad was certain that the old fellow looked
relieved. He eyed Tad with suspicion.
“He’s wonderin’ if I’m suspectin’ him,”

was Tad’s inward comment. Aloud he
said with hearty pleasantness:

  “Howdy, Sheriff. Yuh git bucked off er
was yuh ketchin’ some shut-eye?”

  “Dozin’ a spell,” lied Kipp. “What brings
you out this time uh night on this trail?”
Tad had not expected this question but
his ready wit came to his rescue.

  •“Miz Basset ’lowed she’d acted plumb
or’nary towards yuh and ’lowed that Hank
should ride after yuh and bring yuh back.
I knowed Hank was tuckered out and a-
feelin’ a heap upset about Pete, so I took
the job off his hands. They want that I
should bring yuh back.”

  This last statement came to the nimble-
witted Tad as a happy after thought. If
the sheriff returned with him, Fox would
ride his homeward trail without being shot.

  “No need uh me ridin’ plumb back there,
Ladd. I done told her and Hank I didn’t
bear no hard feelin’s. I got business in
Alder Gulch that should be tended to.”

  “ ’Twon’t do, Kipp. I give my word
that I wouldn’t come back till I brung you
along. Don’t make me go follerin’ yuh
around fer a week er so.”

  Tad’s tone was that of light banter. Yet
there lay an undercurrent of determina-
tion that did not escape the sheriff.

  “All right, if there’s no other way to it,
let’s git goin’.”

  He led his horse from the brush and
mounted. Together, they headed back
for the Basset ranch.

  For some time, they rode in silence.
Tad, from the shadow of his wide-brimmed
hat, studied the sheriff’s features. Kipp
was staring fixedly at his saddle horn, deep
in brooding thought. The reaction was
setting in now and he was shaking like a
man with palsy. Then this passed and the
old sheriff’s shoulders straightened.

  “Ladd,” he said abruptly. “You don’t
know it, but yuh saved my life tonight. I
wisht I could tell yuh about it, but I can’t.
There’ll come a day when I will, though.

I come-nigh doin’ somethin’ that would

uh made life a livin’ hell. I come nigh bein’
a low down, or’nary coyote. I’m plumb
obliged. I hope, some day, I kin pay yuh
back in full.”

  “-, that’s all right, Kipp. Fergit it.

If I he’ped yuh ary way, I’m right glad tuh
uh done it. Yuh know, there ain’t none uh
us humans that ain’t got a or’nary streak
hid out somewhere in our innards. And
Paid Off

23

some time er another, that there or’nary
streak jest nacherally busts all holts and
comes a-rearin’. Sometimes, we kin grab
a tail-holt and jerk ’er back in time. More
often it’s some other gent that heads off
that or’nary streak and herds it back into
our system tuh stay put fer the rest uh our
life. I mind the night mine broke out.”

  Tad grinned into the sheriff’s eyes,
lighted a cigaret, and went on, the words
coming lazily in his soft, southern drawl:

  “My mammy died when I was little
more’n a yearlin’, leavin’ me tuh grow up
kinda keerless like, my daddy not payin’
me much attention when I shows I kin
kinda do my own rustlin’. He’s a cow-
puncher fer the Turkey Track at the time
and I’m wranglin’ hosses fer the spread.
When they ships, I goes tuh town with the
boys and while they’re a-blowin’ their coin
fer licker and gamblin’ and such, I’m
squanderin’ my ten a month fer sody pop
and sweet truck. I’ve likewise bought
myse’f a sore-backed, ringboned Mexican
mule which I gits from a drunken Pisano
fer six-bits and a pint uh rot-gut licker.

  “My daddy, bein’ a good drinkin’ man
and jest about slick enough at stud poker
tuh hang and rattle all night afore he loses
his taw to the tin-horns, ain’t much better
off, financial, as me.

  “Then one fall night, in a Mex town along
the Rio, my daddy gits downed in a gun
scrap. I’m sleepin’ on a poker table at the
time, waitin’ till paw goes broke so’s I kin
load him on his hoss and go tuh camp. By
the time the smoke’s cleared away and I gits
full waked up, dad’s a-passin’ out fast and
callin’ fer me. I sets there on the ’dobe
floor and wipes the blood off his mouth
while he crosses the Big Divide, a grin on
his face while his eyes goes glassy.

. “ ‘Kid,’ says he, afore the blood chokes
him, ‘it was Pedro Sanchez, the bronc
peeler, that done it. Here’s my gun.
When the time comes, git that greaser.’

#	“I’m some twelve years old then. That
night I pads that mule uh mine with gunny
sacks, throw’s my dad’s saddle on him and
proceeds tuh foller this Sanchez gent who
has left town pronto after the killin’. My
ol’ rusty Chihuahua spur is tied to my bare
foot and the long-barreled .45 gouges my
ribs and starts wearin’ the hide off my hip
bone. Thus burdened, as the sayin’ goes,
I hits the trail uh the gent that’s downed
my daddy.”

  Tad smiled reminiscently.

  “Yuh found him?” asked Kipp, his own
troubles momentarily forgotten.

  “Ten years later, I finds him. He dealin’
faro bank in Juarez and alongside him on
the table lays a white-handled six-gun with
five notches filed on the handle, plain and
insultin’ like. Sanchez, havin’ got off to a
good start, has done turned out tuh be a
killer, sabe?

  “Up to now, I bin as peaceful a kid
as ever follered a long-horned steer. I’ve
done got outa the notion, almost, uh shootin’
up this greaser. I’ve done met up with
fellers, as the years passes and I gits rings
around my horns, that tells me as how paw
was or’nary mean when he’s lickered and
the Sanchez gent has done no more than
right when he’s kills him off. I’m beginnin’
tuh think that mebbeso I’m not bound and
beholdin’ tuh down this Sanchez after all.
Right’s right and wrongs no man, thinks I,
and if paw had it cornin’, he done got it
and jack-pot’s played and won. So yuh
see I ain’t noways huntin’ no trouble ner
makin’ no play tuh hunt down this greaser
feller. It jest pops up sudden.

  “There I stands, a awkward, long-legged,
high-withered ol’ kid, and I’m lookin’ into
the wickedest pair uh snake eyes that I
ever seen. His lips is kinda smilin’ but
the smile don’t go higher than his black
mustache which is twisted to sharp points.
Sudden like, I recollects a-holdin’ of my
daddy’s head and wipin’ that sickish lookin’
pink froth from his mouth so’s he kin
talk. Somehow, my gun has got into my
hand and I’m coverin’ this snake-eyed
killer.

  “ ‘I come tuh kill yuh, Sanchez,’ I says,
and my voice sounds weak and uncon-
vincin’ as-.

  “ ‘So?’ says Sanchez, laughin’ short and
nasty, like I’d sprung a josh on him. ‘I
wish yuh luck, sonny.’ And with that he
goes right on dealin’ like he’s clean fergot
I’m there.

  “If he’d a knocked the gun outa my hand,
er slapped me alongside the jaw, I could uh
waded in and done battle. But he’s
treatin’ me like I was a yearlin’ kid a-packin’
of a pea gun. I feels my face go hot like I
was settin’ over a fire. My hands is cold
as ice and bigger’n snowshoes. The barrel
uh my gun is rattlin’ on the edge uh the
table, I’m that shaky. Wust of all, a kinda
blurry look looms up in my eyes and I know
24

Adventure

it’s tears. Man, it was jest nacherally-!

  “The crowd snickers and grins. A Mex
vaqnero makes a funny crack and his friends
giggles. Sanchez, holdin’ his head kinda
sideways tuh keep the smoke uh his cigaret
outa his eyes, goes on dealin’ without look-
in’ up, payin’ bets and rakin’ in chips uh
them that loses.

  “Somehow, I makes it across to the door,
dizzy and all sickish inside me like a kid
that’s swallered a chaw uh terbaccer. It
ain’t till I gits out into the dark and sets
down on a empty beer keg, that I finds that
I’m still holdin’ my gun in my hand.

  “Fust off, I starts tuh th’ow that-gun

as fur as I kin sling it. Then I gits a idee.
I’m goin’ tuh lay out there in the dark till
this Sanchez comes out.# Then I’ll down
him. I ketches myse’f talkin’ out loud like
a loco sheep herder and tears is runnin’ like
cricks down inside my shirt collar.

  “I wipes off the tears, blows my nose and
takes a chaw uh fine-cut tuh make me feel
more like a man. Then, squattin’ in the
shadow near the door, I cocks my gun and
waits fer Sanchez tuh come out fer his mid-
night lunch, which I knows most dealers does.

  “Sudden like, there’s a noise behind me.
I swings around, startled sorter.

  “ £Fer gosh sake, put up that cannon yuh
got stuck in my belly,’ says a good Texican
American voice that don’t sound none too
old. ‘She might go off, bein’ cocked that-
away. Ease ’er tuh half-cock and shove ’er
back in yore jeans. Me’n you’s gonna have
a medicine talk, Slim.’.

  “I dunno yet why I done it, but I does as
he says without a whimper. He leads me
into a saloon down the street and orders
two sody pops. I gits a good look at him
in the light.

  “He’s a kinda runty built kid with a face
that’s plenty sprinkled with freckles like
some cow has coughed bran in his face.
He ain’t much tuh look at till he grins, then
he’s right easy tuh stand. He’s got one uh
these grins that makes yuh grin right back
afore yuh know it. His left eye is black
and swole up and his lower lip is split bad.
He’s about twenty and a cowpuncher.

  “ ‘My last two bits,’ he ’lows, as he pays
fer the sody pop. ‘I bet that’s two bits
more than you got, long boy.’

  “I admits the charge and he nods happy
like.

  “ ‘Then we starts even, feller. Down
yore p’izen and loan me the use of a fresh

chaw. Then I’m gonna take yuh back and
watch yuh pull that Sanchez gent’s fangs.’

  “ ‘Yuh seen him bluff me down?’ I asks,
plumb ashamed.

  “ ‘Yeah, I seen it. And I follered yuh
outside. I seen yuh while yuh made up
yore mind tuh shoot him from the dark.’

  “ ‘How come yuh know I was layin’ fer
him?’ says I.

  “ ‘You was talkin’ to yorese’f about it,
pardner. All set? Then rattle yore hocks
and we’ll git goin’. They th’owed me outa
that wigwam last evenin’ after the poker
dealer had robbed me uh two months pay.’
“Mebbeso it’s because I’m cooled off, er
mebby it’s because this short-legged boy is
so danged sure that I kin turn the trick,
anyhow, when I goes back into that gam-
blin’ house, I’m steady as a work ox.

  “ ‘Whup him a plenty, Slim,’ whispers my
new pardner, as we steps inside. ‘I’m
standin’ at yore back till yore belly caves in*
I’ll keep the gang off yuh. Whup him with
yore hands.’

  “Which I does. Sanchez goes fer his gun
there on the table when he sees me cornin’
but he’s slow and my bullet tears that fancy
cannon loose from under his hand without
hurtin’ him, though it plumb ruins that
white handle with the notches. He un-
limbers a knife as I clears the table but I
weans him away from it pronto when my
gun barrel ketches him across the wrist.
Then I hands my smoke pole to my new
pardner and proceeds tuh work Mister
Snake Eyes over with my hands.”

  Tad paused to light his cigaret. Kipp
was again staring at his saddle horn.

  “That fight wins me two things that
night. One was Shorty Carroway, the
gamest pardner a man ever had. The
other was what book-learnt folks calls se’f-
respect. Only fer Shorty, I’d uh killed that
Sanchez from the dark that night and lost
my right tuh call myse’f a man.”

  Kipp shot Tad a covert glance, laden with
suspicion. Did the cow puncher suspect
him of lying in wait for Fox? But Tad’s
homely features were guileless. They rode
on in silence.

IN TELLING this story, Tad
felt that he was accomplishing
two purposes. He was perhaps
giving the nerve-racked sheriff a
new grip on his ebbing courage and self-
control. Likewise, he was explaining to his
Paid Off

25

own conscience, his reason for breaking one
of the unwritten laws of the cow country.
The law that says a man shall tend to his
own affairs and leave the affairs of his fel-
low men strictly alone.

  Kipp busied himself with a sack of to-
bacco and brown papers. In the gray light
of dawn, Tad watched the gnarled fingers
of the sheriff, pouring the flaky tobacco into
the paper. Those fingers were steady now.

  “Nigh sunup and yonder’s the ranch.
I’m ga’nt as a coyote,” grinned the cow
puncher.

  “Kinda feel thataway myself, pardner,”
smiled Kipp. “Don’t know when I’ve felt
as hungry.”

VII

a SURPRIZE, consternation, and
a trace of suspicion were written
on Ma Basset’s face when she
greeted Tad and Kipp at the gate.

  “There's—there’s nothing wrong, Sher-
iff?” she cried, her work-reddened hands
gripping the gate pole.

  “Figgered you and Kipp ’ud want tuh
talk over this here Pete business, so I done
brung him back,” Tad explained easily,
wondering why Ma Basset looked at him so
sharply.

 Fresh in Ma Basset’s memory was
Shorty’s fabrication regarding his partner’s
absence at supper the night before and she
was searching the big puncher’s rugged
features for traces of his debauch.

  Tad’s eyes flitted to the log barn fifty feet
away. He smiled faintly as he saw six
inches of blued rifle barrel protruding be-
tween the chinks of the logs. The gun was
covering Kipp who had not seen it.

“Any sign of Pete?” asked Ma nervously.

  “Not nary, ma’am,” returned Kipp.
“I’d like fer tuh powwow some with Hank
regardin’ him and them cattle. Beginnin’
this mornin’, Miz Basset, I’m turnin’ this
here sheriff star over tuh Hank. Then I’m
makin’ a trip into the bad-lands. Iffen I
comes out with them lost cattle I’ll be
askin’ fer the badge. Iffen I don’t bring
them cattle out, I won’t be needin’ it no
more nohow. As fer Pete, I ain’t a-huntin’
the boy ner would I lay a haiid on him, was
I tuh run acrost him. Until I come back
from the Pocket, I’m a plain, every-day
citizen.”

  Tad and Ma gazed at the old officer in
startled surprize. Tad was smiling oddly.

The rifle barrel slid out of sight in the barn
and Hank Basset, holding the gun in the

crook of his arm, stepped into sight.

  “Howdy, Joe. I done heered yuh. What’s
the idee in actin’ thataway?”

  Kipp grinned.

  “A feller done told me a story last night,
Hank. I don’t reckon he meant tuh, but he
sorter showed me which trail tuh take, be-
ginnin’ here. I want that you should keep
this here badge fer me fer a spell. After
breakfast, I’ll be askin’ the loan of a fresh
hoss.”

  “Land sakes!” gasped Ma, reminded of
her duty to those who ride within one’s
gate. “Light and come to the house.
There’s flapjacks and steak that’s sp’ilin’
to be et.”

  Hank gazed thoughtfully for a moment at
Kipp’s badge, now lying in the palm of his
hand. Then he pocketed the star and
reached for the bridle reins of the two
horses.

  “Foller Ma to the house, Joe. Tad, will
yuh lend me a hand fer a minute er so here
at the barn?”

  Kipp and his wife out of sight, Hank led
Tad to the barn with an air of one who has
news to impart.

  “Where’s Shorty?” asked Tad.

  “Gone,” came the cryptic reply. “He
done left a message fer yuh. He said tuh
tell yuh that you was a long-geared, psalm-
singin’ ol’ sand-hill crane and that he’d
learn yuh to leave him tuh tell yore lies fer
yuh. Likewise that he was free, white and
past votin’ age and that he could take keer
uh hisse’f in ary tight. Them’s his exact
words.”

  “Then the danged li’l’ banty rooster is up
tuh suthin’. What hoss did he ride?”

 “Pete’s Water Dog pony. He-”

  “I knowed it! I knowed it!” groaned
Tad. “I seen it in his eye, drat his pesky,
speckled hide. I should uh tied him up
afore I left. Ever since you said no man
could swim that river, I seen that or’nary,
contrary, mule-minded li’l’ varmint a-mill-
in’ over a idee in his head. All yuh gotta do
is tell that li’l’ ol’ son of a gun that no hu-
man kin do somethin’ and he don’t sleep
easy ner swaller his grub right, till he makes
yuh out a liar. I knowed it and when I
pulled out last evenin’, I was plumb skeered
he’d do somethin’ like that. If he’s killed,
Hank, I’m tuh blame. How long has he
bin gone?”
26

Adventure

  “They pulled out two hours afore day-
light,” came the reluctant answer.

  “They?”

  “Pete went with him.”

  “Pete?” Tad’s lips pursed in a silent
whistle. “Tell me about it, Hank,” he
finished grimly.

  “The boy showed up afore midnight.
Seems like he’d got word somehow, while
he was at Deer Lodge, that Fox was cleanin’
me out. That’s why he run away. He
made me and Ma tell him the hull thing,
how the cattle had bin run off and how Fox
is aimin’ tuh jerk the rope tight next week
when that note falls due. Then he takes
my gun and ’lows he’s startin’ then and
there fer town. He’s goin’ tuh kill Fox like
he’d kill a mad dog and Ma’s tears ner my
arguments don’t stop him.

  “ ‘Hold on a minute, Pete,’ calls a voice
from the door. There stands Shorty, grin-
nin’ pleasant like. Tut up that gun and
listen fer a spell while we talks sense. Kill-
in’ Fox won’t git yuh nothin’ but a hangin’
bee. But you and me, barrin’ accidents
and good shootin’ on the part uh the LF
polecats, kin git them cattle back. Say
we throws our hulls on yore top-water
hosses, swims that crick and kinda give
them gents a su’prize party?’ ”

  Hank’s hands went out in a jesture of
helplessness. Tad nodded understandingly.

  “Shorty’s jest plumb fool enough tuh win
out, too,” he mused aloud.

  “Pete ’lowed that the swimmin’ was a
cinch,” admitted Hank. “But then, meb-
beso he was jest lyin’ tuh make me and Ma
feel easy. Say, what’s come over Joe
Kipp? He acts plumb queer. Yuh don’t
reckon the ol’ feller’s losin’ his mind, do
yuh?”

  “Noooo. Don’t know as I’d go so fur as
tuh say Kipp was gittin’ weedy. Fact is,
I think he’s jest kinda pullin’ hisse’f to-
gether. Yeah. Supposin’ we eases our-
selves over to the house, Hank? My belly’s
so empty that the chaw uh terbaccer I
swallered tuh keep from goin’ tuh sleep, is
rattlin’ around in my stummick like a bronc
in a corral.”

  On the way to the cabin, Hank told Tad
how Shorty had excused his partner’s
absence.

  “The wust of it is, Tad, she believes it.
Said I was a kinderd spirit and a whisky
soak when I tries tuh explain’ that Shorty
was jest funnin’. I thought fer a minute

that she was goin’ tuh haze me into the
blacksmith shop again, dang it.”

  Hank grinned twistedly.

  “I’ll wring that danged li’l’ rooster’s neck
when I ketches him,” grinned Tad.

  “He ’lowed he was breakin’ even fer that
windy yuh told Ma about a hoss throwin’
him and givin’ him the black eye.”

  During breakfast, Tad caught Ma Bas-
set’s gaze fixed on him, and he felt his ears
growing red. No doubt the woman thought
that bringing Kipp back with him was some
sort of drunken whim. Moreover, Kipp’s
odd behavior did much to convince Ma that
the sheriff was also under the influence of
liquor. Tad breathed a sigh of relief when
they were safely back at the corral and Kipp
had caught a fresh horse.

  “I’d like tuh go along, Joe,” said Hank.
“Them’s my cattle, yuh know and it’s no
more’n right that I should be goin’.”

  “It’s a one-man job, Hank. There’ll
like as not be some powder burnt. Yuh
don’t want tuh leave no widder behind yuh.
In case I don’t come back, here’s the com-
bination to my safe.”

  He handed Hank a slip of paper on which
were some penciled figures.

  “In the safe is a sealed envelope addressed
to you. It has some papers which will be uh
use to yuh. But it ain’t tuh be opened till
I’m dead, savvy?”

  Hank nodded, then looked at Tad.
“Reckon I’d best tell Joe about Pete?”
Tad pondered this a moment, then:
“Might as well. Can’t do no harm,
Hank.”

  “Pete’s aimin’ tuh swim the river from
yon side uh the Narrers and come into the
Pocket, Joe.”

  “-!” Kipp’s eyes filled with pain.

“He’ll never make it, Hank. Even if he
crosses, there’s a man watching the trail
from the river. He’ll be killed, shore.”
“Then I reckon I’ll be goin’ along with
yuh, Kipp,” said Tad. “Shorty went with

Pete. If Shorty gits killed, all-can’t

stop me till I downs every last man that’s
mixed up in this. All of them, sabe?”
Tad’s eyes had gone hard as ice. The
good-natured expression had given way to
hard, grim fines.

  “I reckon,” said Kipp slowly, meeting
Tad’s gaze without flinching, “that I sale,
Ladd. That bein’ the case, I want that
you should come along with me.”

  They saddled in silence. Tadd slipped a
Paid Off

27

Winchester into the saddle scabbard and
emptied a box of 30-40 shells into his
pocket.

  “I told Fox I’d meet him at the lone cot-
tonwood to deliver those cattle, Hank,”
said Tad with a grimness that gave the
statement the tone of a threat. “That’ll
be Sunday noon. I reckon you’ll be there.
So-long till then.”

  “Remember the paper in the safe,” Kipp
reminded Hank. “It’ll explain a heap that
I reckon yo’re a big enough man tuh under-
stand, Hank.”

  Without another word, Tad and Kipp
rode away, leaving Hank standing in the
gateway, scratching his head in a puzzled
manner.

  “Hank Basset,” called Ma from the door-
way, some time later. “Whatever in the
world are yuh standin’ there in the road
fer? A person ’ud think you’d jest said
good-by to yore last friend, a standin’
around like a hoot owl with yore hat in yore
hand, gawkin’.”

  “Last friend?” muttered Hank, as he
turned to the house. “I don’t know but
what she done guessed it right. The hull
danged business has got beyond me, dad
gum it.”

  “If you bin hittin’ that bottle,” warned
Ma, her voice firm with determination,
“you’ll put in the rest of the week at the
blacksmith shop. I’ll have no drunken
rowdies set foot over my door sill.”

  Ten feet from the cabin, Hank halted.
He saw Ma Basset holding the bottle of
snake-bite medicine to the light. Mem-
ory of Shorty’s healthy-sized drinks came to
Hank’s mind.

  “A good three inches below my last
mark,” he heard his wife mutter. “I sus-
pected as much.”

  With a groan, Hank turned and with
dragging steps, entered the blacksmith shop.

  “Beat her to it that time,” he muttered,
seating himself on a keg of horse shoes and
biting off a corner of plug tobacco.

VIII

“AS WELL marked as a prize-
winnin’ white-face, and as quick
actin’ as a top-cuttin’ hoss,” was
Shorty Carroway’s mental sum-
ming up of young Pete Basset. “He’d orter
act plumb purty in a scrap, be it six-gun
er knock down and drag out.”

  Nor was Shorty far from being wrong in
his estimation of his companion. Straight-
featured, clean-limbed, his clear eyes honest
and alight with the fire of unspoiled youth,
the son of Hank Basset sat his horse with a
careless grace that marked him a born
horseman. Even college had left him un-
spoiled by the flattery and idolatry that is
the unmaking of many a crack athlete.

  “I don’t much like the idea of you getting
mixed up in this mess, Carroway,” he said
in a troubled tone. “It’s really not your
scrap, you know, and there’s going to be
some nasty battling before it’s over. It
sure is white of you, and darn few men
would do what you’re doing now, even
friends of long standing. Hang it all, we’re
little more than strangers to you and it’s
not fair to-”

  “Fergit it, Pete,” grinned Shorty, redden-
ing. “Strangers? I reckon not. There’s
some folks that I’ve knowed since I was
hock high to a cotton-tail rabbit, that’s
more strangers tuh me than yore paw and
mammy. They done took me and my Tad
pardner into the house like we was kin
folks. Dang it, I ain’t et such grub since I
was a yearlin’.

  “Anyhow, my reasons fer takin’ chips in
this here game is sorter vary and sundry, as
the feller says. Tad’s bin abusin’ me
scan’lous and I aim tuh git even. That’s
one reason. Then, this here Fox hombre is
nacherally goin’ tuh rear up and fall over
backward on hisse’f when we brings out this
herd. Thirdly and mostly, I’m sp’ilin’ tuh
lay hands on this here gent which goes by
the handle uh Black Jack, thereby com-
pletin’ a job uh manhandlin’ which I was
forced tuh quit sudden like onct at the LF
wagon.

  “Again, I’m honin’ fer tuh show yore
daddy that there’s one human besides his
son which kin bust that Missouri wide open.
All uh which, amigo, downs ary argument
on yore part. Ain’t it about time we was
gittin’ to that place acrost from the Nar-
rers? We bin ridin’ right along since we
crossed on the ferry and she’s nigh dark.”

  “We’re about opposite the upper end now,
Shorty. See that high-cut bank below the
first little bend? That’s her. That lighter
brown strip is their trail where they water
the stock. We’re a smile above, rough
figuring. That means we’ll drift to that
trail nicely, starting here. We’ll angle it as
much as we can. Current’s swift and the
28

Adventure

channel lays full against the cut back on the
other side.	,

  “See that sharp pinnacle? Well that’s
the point we’ll head for. It’ll show plain
against the sky when the moon rises. Bar-
ring undercurrents and snags, we stand a
fighting chance of hitting it. If we don’t,
it’s thumbs down for us. That cliff is ten
miles to the lower end and not six inches
toe-hold in the ten miles. I wish you
wouldn’t tackle it, pardner.”

  Shorty shook his head and, following
Pete’s actions, dismounted and unsaddled.
Hobbles were adjusted and the two partook
of a meager repast of jerky and canned
tomatoes. Brush screened them from the
opposite bank as they squatted beneath a
big cottonwood and waited for darkness and
a rising moon.

  Already, the approaching danger was fast
cementing a strong friendship between these
two. As men will do on such occasions,
they exchanged confidences, swapped stories
and lighted their cigarets from the same
match.

  Pete’s quick movements and the dancing
light in his gray eyes betrayed the nervous
tension within. Shorty showed not a trace
of whatever emotion lay behind his soft-
spoken banter. Though a scant ten years
older than his companion, Shorty had been
well tutored in the school of hard knocks.
Like his partner, Tad, he was an orphan,
range-reared and self reliant. The only
living thing that he was afraid of was a
woman. The more beautiful, the more fear
she instilled in the heart of the little cow-
puncher. Danger merely quickened his
pulse as strong drink affects a man unused
to it. Yet he masked his feelings as ef-
fectively as the seasoned gambler hides four
aces. It was as if risking his life was an
everyday occurrence, all in a day’s work.

  Twilight deepened into night and a white
moon pushed itself over the ragged skyline.
A horned owl hoo-hooed in the cottonwoods.
The timid white-tail deer bedded down in
their red willow thicket. Back in the
brakes, a wolf gave voice to a long-drawn
howl. A ripple showed on the smooth sur-
face of the water as a muskrat swam from
its hole in the clay bank. Plunk! A beaver
tail slapped the water with such abrupt-
ness that Shorty’s hand dropped to his gun.

  “I reckon we might as well tackle it,” said
Pete quietly, getting to his feet.

  They saddled in silence, with great care.

Cinches were left loose. Hackamores took
the place of bridles. Boots and chaps were
foiled in a neat bundle and tied to the backs
of the saddles. Shorty bit off a large chew
of plug and swung into the saddle.

  “There’s no way of keeping you from
coming along, Shorty?”

  “Not nary, Pete. I done hired out fer a
tough hand and I plays my string out.
Chaw?”

  He held out the gnawed plug.

  “Thanks, but I never chaw, pardner.”
“Then don’t never learn. I gotta own up
though, that there’s nothin’ quite so plumb
downright soothin’ as a man-size hunk uh
plug at a time like this. It’s as intoxi-
catin’ as a shot uh tea is to a ol’ maid school-
marm. Take the lead, pard. I’m follerin’
dost behind. The sooner yuh starts, the
better. These dad-gummed mosquiters is
shore a-eatin’ off me fierce.”

  Pete in the lead rode out on a sand bar
and his horse waded out into the stream.
The swift-flowing water swirled and eddied
about the animal’s legs.

  “That high peak yonder, Shorty,” he
called softly as his horse hit swimming water.
“Right yuh are, Peter.”

  No further word was spoken. Shorty
set his jaws as the swift current swept his
horse downstream. Easily, he slipped from
the saddle and with a hand holding to his
horse’s mane, swam alongside. The water
was cool enough to freshen his tired nerves.
He grinned to himself and jerked his hat
down on his head with his free hand. Ahead
of him he could see Pete and hig horse.
Both horses swam high in the water.

  Suddenly, like a bobbing cork pulled by a
string, Pete and his mount were sucked be-
neath the surface.

  “Undercurrent,” muttered Shorty as he
filled his lungs with a deep breath of air.

Then he and his horse went under as if
drawn by an invisible hand. In reality but
a moment, yet it seemed an hour to the cow-
puncher, and they again came to the top.
“All right?” called a voice from ahead.
“Settin’ purty,” he called back.

  The horses were blowing softly with a
rattling noise. Unexcited, swimming stout-
ly, they battled against the current. Shorty
splashed water against the side of his horse’s
head to guide the animal a point down-
stream. Once more he was heading straight
for the sharp point that loomed black
against the sky.
Paid Off

29

  A dark, misshapen object bobbed up
ahead. It was a big tree, half submerged,
floating down-stream. With swift, sure
movements, Shorty swung his swimming
horse to face straight up-stream against
the current.

  “Easy now, ol’ hoss,” he murmured sooth-
ingly. “Jest kinda mark time fer a minute
till yon snag drifts on to St. Louis. That’s
the idee. Now she’s gone.”

  And they were under way once more.
Ahead, Pete was watching for snags and had
worked his way back until he now clung to
his horse’s tail. Behind him, Shorty was
doing the same. A scant hundred feet
ahead the black shadow of the bank rose
ominously. Pete scanned the unbroken
shadow for a trace of the trail.

  Momentary panic clutched Pete. Where
the trail should be, only a perpendicular
wall showed. Either he was above or below
the trail that meant escape from the treach-
erous river. Then the panic passed, giving
way to dogged, unyielding determination.
He dared not call out to his companion for
fear of being overheard by the men they
sought. He swung his horse to breast the
current and waited for the coming of Shorty.

  A moment and the little puncher was
alongside, careful to keep his distance lest
the horses paw each other. The animals
were breathing hard now. It had been a
desperately hard swim. How long their
strength and courage would hold out was a
problem that might easily mean death to
men and beasts.

  “Missed ’er,” whispered Pete hoarsely.
“We got to chance it down-stream, T
reckon.”

  Swimming squarely against the current,
their horses had been losing ground slowly.
Shorty nodded and, gripping his floating
saddle strings, pulled himself alongside the
neck of his horse. He deftly slipped free
his rope strap and flipped the end of his
lariat to Pete. Pete caught it and with a
nod, slipped the end under his armpits and
knotted it. Shorty passed his loop over
his head and under his arms, then drew it
tight. Now, if one of them should find
footing along that treacherous bank, he
could save his companion. On the other
hand, if one of them went under, the other
would meet the same fate.

  “Both or neither,” explained Shorty in a
grim whisper, then swung his horse down-
stream. “Here goes nothin’.”

  Two pairs off bloodshot, straining eyes
swept the bank that slipped past so swiftly.
Shorty now was in the lead, Pete ten feet
behind, the slack of the rope coiled in his
hand to keep from tangling. Both men
were taking it with deadly calm as they,
fought their battle against the death that
lurked in the muddy, swirling water.

  Suddenly Shorty’s horse ceased swim-
ming. The animal’s legs were swept down-
stream and he floated.

  “Gone belly-up, Pete,” Shorty grunted.

  “Look out!” called Pete in a hoarse whis-
per, as his horse lunged forward in the
water in an effort to climb on top of the
floating horse.

  Now indeed, the situation was critical.
Shorty ducked beneath the striking forefeet
of Pete’s horse and with every ounce of his
strength, jerked at his hackamore rope.
Pete did likewise. The melee of struggling
horses and men drifted apart. To the left,
a narrow ribbon of light cut the dark wall of
the bank.

  “The trail, thank -,” muttered Pete

and, with a jerk that seemed to tear the
ligaments in his arm, wrenched at the hack-
amore rope. An agonizing moment, then
his horse lunged shoreward and found
footing.

  The weight of Shorty’s horse, swim-
ming once more, hindered the puncher
greatly as he fought the current, his eyes
fixed on that strip of light that meant
safety. Loath to let loose his horse, he
fought off the temptation to turn the ani-
mal loose. The horse was becoming pan-
icky now, snorting and lunging, pawing at
the man ahead of him in the water. Flinty,
steel-shod hoofs broke the water a scant
two feet behind Shorty’s head.

  Pete, in the saddle now, dallied the slack
rope around his saddle horn. His stock-
inged heels pressed the heaving sides of his
tired horse.

  Back in the water, Shorty felt the rope be-
neath his arms go tight. Both his hands
grasped the hackamore rope of his strug-
gling horse. The noose beneath his arms
tightened till it seemed to be cutting him in
two. He clamped his jaws and gripped the
hackamore rope. His arms seemed to be
stretching until they loosened in the sockets.
Seconds seemed eternity. Then he felt
himself being dragged along the clay bank
of the trail that led upward. He dimly
saw his horse flounder ashore and stand with
30

Adventure

wide-spread legs and lowered head on the
bank. With a grunt of utter relief he let go
the hackamore rope.

      “STICK ’em up!” bawled a
      hoarse voice from above.

          A spurt of flame and the roar
_ of a gun, then Pete’s voice,
trembling a bit.

  “Got him, Shorty. Are you all right?”

  A violent choking, gasping sound from
Shorty and Pete, gun in hand, cast off the
rope and, leaping to the ground, slid down
the trail to his companion’s side.

  “Good gosh, man! What’s wrong?” he
whispered, loosening the rope and peering
into Shorty’s writhing features.

  Shorty scrambled to his feet, reaching
for his gun.

  “My chaw. Swallered ’er. Let’s go,”
he gasped, and lunged forward to throw
himself upon a dark blot that moved along
the bank.

  The dull thud of a gun barrel sounded as
it struck something.

  “Your shot jest winged him, Pete. He’s
out fer a spell now. Gimme the rope and
we’ll hog-tie him. Then let’s git outa
here.”

  “Yo’re covered,-yuh!” called a hid-
den voice. “Plug ’em if they make a move,
Bill. “Stick them-hands in the air.”

  Two rapid shots cut the darkness and
Shorty felt the air of a lead slug pass his
cheek.

  “Whupped!” he grunted and raised his
hands. “I’ve laid down my hand, feller,”
he called. “Foller suit, Pete, they got us
foul.”

      IX

A KILLER is, with mighty few
exceptions, a killer because of his
own desires. Black Jack, fore-
man for the LF, was no exception.
He did not even, secretly or openly offer the
plea that he was a victim of circumstance.
He had killed men. He would kill more
men. His past was a sealed book, his
future a gamble and thus he met each day
as it came. Making no prayer, he branded
as weak any man who believed in a God.
A half-breed, and the blend was dangerously
bad for he had inherited the baser traits of
both races.

  Now, as he looked along the barrel of his
Winchester to find Pete Basset at the end of

it, his white teeth flashed in a smile that was
unpleasant to see. The bushy black beard
hid the cruel lines about his mouth, but the
narrow slits of black that were his eyes,
glittered as the moonlight struck them. A
brown finger pressed the trigger, then
paused uncertainly.

  The taint in his mixed blood, thrown back
to some breech-clouted ancestor, now stayed
his hand. He hated Pete Basset and a bul-
let between the boy’s eyes would be too
mercifully quick an end. His trigger finger
eased off.

   Pete Basset, shocked and not a little dis-
appointed at Shorty’s easy surrender, hesi-
tated uncertainly, gun lowered, making no
move to raise his hands nor return the fire.
He realized with a sickening feeling in the
pit of his stomach, that Black Jack and his
men were well hidden and on higher ground
that prevented a rush. He and Shorty, on
the other hand, stood in plain view. Re-
sistance meant death. Shorty had shown-
judgment, not a yellow streak. He dropped
his gun and raised his hands.

   Shorty, the lariat still in his hands, ele-
vated his arms skyward and grinned weak-
ly. The soft drip-drip of water from their
soaked clothes on to the hard clay was the
only sound that broke the quiet of the night.

  Behind the willow clump, Black Jack lay
aside his Winchester and drew his . 45.

   “The little ’un brung a rope, Bill,” he an-
nounced in a jeering tone as he stepped into
the open. “Mebbeso it’ll come in right
handy to string ’em up. Ketch ropes is
scarce and hangin’ a man spoils a rope fer
use. Bad luck to use one that’s snaked a

man tuh-

  Followed by another man, he stepped
carefully down the incline.

  “Howdy, Black Whiskers,” said Shorty
glibly. “When yuh go through my pockets
after you’ve made a corpse outa me, yuh’ll
find four bits in my off flank pocket. Buy
yorese’f a shave with it.”

  Holding his gun in careless readiness,
Black Jack stepped closer, still on the in-
cline. Shorty noticed that the single action
gun was not cocked but that the breed’s
thumb was on the hammer.

  “If yuh got ary more comical sayin’s in
yore system,” he sneered, git shet of ’em. I
understand as how hangin’ kinda interferes
with a man’s voice. Bill, tie Basset up.

Ill	tend to this mouthy one.”

  Black Jack’s hand slipped hipward and
Paid Off

3i

produced a pair of steel handcuffs. He
was clear of the incline now and on a level
with Shorty, standing but a couple of feet
distant.	•

  “Jest lay aside yore hangin’ rope, little
man, and hold yore lily white paws out fer
a nice pair uh bracelets.”

  Shorty’s right hand flicked forward from
the wrist with a deft, swift movement. The
round noose shot out, settled, and tightened
with such abruptness that Black Jack was
caught off his guard. Shorty hurled him-
self backward, jerking the breed from his
feet. The . 45 exploded harmlessly.

  Pete threw himself forward as Bill shot.
The youth’s hand clutched the gun on the
ground and, rolliftg over with a catlike twist,
he fired at the shadowy form that came
through the air at him like a mountain
lion springing on its prey. His shot missed
Bill by inches and their bodies met in a
thudding crash to writhe and twist in
locked embrace.

  Shorty’s wet socks slipped on the water-
soaked clay bank as he jerked the rope.
Black Jack, the shining handcuffs iiow a
nasty weapon, was upon him, the steel
manacles crashing full into Shorty’s face. A
grunt of pain and the little puncher’s hand
gripped the black whiskers and jerked. His
other fist swung at the man’s jaw.

  Again and again the steel cuffs clinked
and clashed against the cowpuncher’s face.
They came away each time speckled with
blood. Shorty, on his back underneath
the breed, pulled the harder on the black
whiskers and his free arm went around the
sinewy brown neck. Muscles flexed and
tightened like a steel-jawed trap and the
blows from the handcuffs became less ef-
fective as Shorty slowly pulled the breed
down to him.

  Then, with a writhing, twisting movement
used by professional wrestlers, the little
puncher slid from under the other’s bulk,
still holding the black head in the crook of
his arm. A short arm jab, vicious and
effective, caught Black Jack’s jaw, bring-
ing a grunt of pain from the breed.

  From the shelter of the high bank moved
the man whom Shorty had knocked out
with his gun. The man was crawling
toward Shorty and Black Jack, his eyes on
Shorty’s gun that lay close by. His hand
closed over the weapon and he sprang
forward, his right arm dangling awkwardly
at his side, the gun in his left hand.

  Shorty saw him and with a terrific effort
rolled over, dragging the striking, snarling
half-breed with him. The wounded man,
cursing methodically to fight off pain and
dizziness, stumbled forward and flung him-
self on top the two. His gun thudded
against Shorty’s head. Once, twice, three
times. Shorty’s grip on the black-bearded
head relaxed and he went limp, his bleeding,
mangled features ghastly in the light of the
white moon.

  Pete and Bill, panting and fighting like
wild beasts, fought without rules nor
thought of fair tactics. Not a word passed
their clamped jaws as they rolled to the
water’s edge and under the feet of Shorty’s
horse.

  The horse, frightened, lashed out at the
struggling forms. A shod hoof struck Bill
in the ribs and with a groan, he relaxed his
grip. Rolling free of the horse’s flying
hoofs, Pete staggered to his feet, aiming a
kick at Bill’s face. The stocking-clad heel
caught Bill on the cheek. With a last
effort, the outlaw clutched Pete’s leg and
wrapped his arms about it, jerking Pete off
balance and bringing him to the ground.

  Black Jack, his breath coming in sobbing
gasps, had regained his feet. He saw Pete
lurch to a sitting posture.

  “Here!” called the wounded man and
thrust the .45 into Black Jack’s hand.
“Finish the—!”

  The half-breed jumped forward. The
next instant the gun barrel crashed against
Pete’s head and the fight was over,

X

WWM “LADD,” said Joe Kipp, break-
ing a long silence that followed
r~C3K' their departure from the Basset
•L-iXljLi ranch, “how long was you at the
lone cottonwood afore yuh let me see
yuh?”

  “Mebbeso half an hour, Kipp. I laid in
the brush watchin’ yuh.”

  “Figgered yuh must ’a’ bin cold-trailin’
me er you’d uh ketched up with me long
afore yuh did. I’d kinda like tuh know
jest how yuh figger me out.”

  “That’s a hard question, pardner. Dang
me if I kin read yore hand even when I’ve
had a look at yore hole card. The sign all
says that yo’re playin’ a double game.
Yet I’d shore hate tuh think it.”

“I’m obliged, Ladd. I hope tuh clear
32

Adventure

some things up afore many hours. Sup-
posin’ I tell yuh that by cornin’ along with
me now, yo’re hinderin’ instead uh helpin’
things?”

  “’Twouldn’t keep me from cornin’, Kipp.
Not when my Shorty pardner is mixed up in
the deal. I aim tuh see it through, regard-
less.”

  Tad’s tone and the look in his eyes for-
bade further argument.

  “You heerd me and Black Jack talkin’?”
“Only some, when yuh raised yore voices.
I heered enough tuh sabe that you was aim-
in’ tuh lay fer Fox, that was about all.”
“You got reason tuh want Fox killed.
Yet yuh kept me from doin’ it. Why?”
“Because, like I said, I knowed you
wa’n’t that sort uh man and it wouldn’t he’p
none tuh kill Fox from the brush. I reckon
yo’re goin’ tuh clear up things if yuh kin
and I’ll lend a hand if the play comes up.
I hope yuh come out winners, Kipp.”

“Yet yuh won’t trust me tuh go alone?”
“Not when Shorty’s needin’ me, no.”
Again an uncomfortable silence fell over
them, unbroken till they reached the edge
of the bad-lands.

  “There’ll be a man on guard farther
along this trail,” said Kipp. “If I ride up
alone, he’ll let me pass. If you come along,
there’ll be shootin’ and we’ll lose a horse
apiece and go back afoot. Will yuh trust
me to go that far by myself? I’ll signal yuh
from that bald knoll when I’ve cleared the
trail.”

  Tad pondered this for a long moment as
he searched Kipp’s eyes. Apparently satis-
fied with what he read in the older man’s
face, he nodded briefly.

  “I’ll wait half an hour, Kipp. Then I’ll
be cornin’, regardless uh ary signal. Them
that tries tuh stop me will find they got a
game.”

  Kipp nodded and, leaving Tad squatted
on the ground rolling a cigaret, rode on.

  Tad consulted a battered silver-cased
watch and shoved it back in his overall
pocket. A squint at the sun told him that
dusk was but an hour distant. Smoke curl-
ing lazily from his nostrils, he watched Kipp
out of sight.

  Despite Kipp’s apparent duplicity, Tad
liked the white-haired old man and felt cer-
tain that he was not being tricked. There
had been an indefinable something in the
sheriff’s eyes that puzzled Tad. He felt
certain that whatever hold Fox and Black

Jack had on Kipp, it must be a terrible one.
He knew that Kipp’s momentary lapse of
physical courage was a minor point. There
was something far greater than any fear of
physical pain that threatened the sheriff.
Now Kipp was about to break that hold.
What would be the outcome?

  Thusi pondering, Tad saw Kipp ride to
the bare knoll and signal with his hat. Tad
was on his feet and in the saddle before the
hat quit waving. Across Tad’s saddle pom-
mel lay his Winchester, a shell in the bar-
rel, the hammer at half-cock.

  Kipp met him, smiling thinly.

  “Where’s the guard?” asked Tad.
“Gagged and hog-tied in the brush yon-
der. He quit easy when I threw down on
him. We’re safe now till we hit the river
bottom. They only had one man on guard
today. They bin brandin’, so the gent told
me. We’ll take our time now. Dark’ll
come on quick here in the canons and we’ll
slip into the Pocket afore they spot us.”
“How many men down there?”

  “Hard tuh tell. Mebbe three-four. Meb-
be so a dozen. They drift in and out. If
they bin brandin’, like as not there’ll be
half a dozen.”

  Kipp led the way along the narrow trail
that now led along the side of the shale
cliff. Tad understood now why it required
but one man to guard the trail. A single
man could, by hiding behind the rimrock
above, drop as many men as he had car-
tridges in his gun. If Kipp were bent on
tricking him, now was his chance.

  Tad felt a shiver pass along his spine,
and glanced unesaily about him. Then he
shifted his gun to cover Kipp, grimly de-
termined to shoot if treachery showed in
the shape any movement near the rimrock.

  Kipp, turning in his saddle to address
some remark, saw Tad’s gun covering him.
The faint smile on the old officer’s lips could
not hide the pain of humiliation in his eyes.
Tad grinned uneasily but did not shift the
position of his gun.

  The sheriff faced forward once more, the
remark he had been about to make un-
spoken. In the fading light, Tad gazed
at the tufts of snow-hued hair beneath
the battered hat. The shoulders beneath
Kipp’s faded jumper sagged as if beneath
the weight of some great load.

  “-,” muttered Tad, and shifted his

Winchester so that the weapon rested across
his saddle, muzzle toward the cliff.
Paid Off

33

  “I’ll borry the use of a chaw if yuh got
ary handy,” he called.

  In the pocket of his chaps was a plug, but
he somehow felt ashamed of mistrusting
Kipp and wanted the old fellow to know
that he was no longer covered.

  Kipp tossed him a piece of tobacco, no-
ticing the while that Tad’s Winchester now
pointed in another direction. He grinned
understanding^ and they rode on down the
steep trail.

  Dark fell like a black blanket, to be fol-
lowed by the pale moonlight. From the
river bottom, miles below, the faint sound
of shots echoed, reechoed, and died away,
leaving a silence charged with*a sinister fore-
boding that caused Tad Ladd’s eyes to nar-
row dangerously.

  “Can’t we make better time down this

- trail, Kipp?” he growled. “I don’t

like them shots.”

  “Goin’ faster might mean a fall, Ladd.
The more haste, the less speed, right now.
We can’t do them boys much good if we gits
crippled up.”

  Tad, boiling with impatience, realized
the truth of Kipp’s assertion. It seemed
hours before the trail widened and they
found themselves on level ground in the
deep shadow of towering cottonwoods.

  The bawling of a cow, hunting her calf.
The distant crack of brush as a white-tail
buck broke cover. The mournful call of a
horned owl. Then silence.

  “The corrals is nigh a mile from here,”
whispered Kipp. “The cabins lays beyond
them a hundred yards. It might be wise
fer me tuh go on alone. They know that
Pete Basset broke out and there may be a
man er two scattered along the trail. Two
of us ’ud look queer. If I was tuh go on
alone, I’d sorter spring ary traps they had
set fer visitors, savvy, and not git shot.
Trust me?”

  “Them shots we heered, Kipp. I don’t
like tuh set here doin’ nothin’ while mebbe-
so Shorty’s needin’ me bad.”

  “If he was needin’ yuh tuh help out ary
gun scrap, there’d be more shots. If that
shootin’ was sign of a fight, the fight’s done
fit and won long ago. Best let me go on
alone. Iffen I gits in a tight, I’ll shoot and
you kin come a foggin’. Gimme half a hour.
Then come on keerful.”

  If Kipp was bent on leading him into a
trap, thought Tad, he would have done so
before they quit the narrow trail.

  “I’ll chance it, Sheriff,” he replied.

  Kipp nodded briefly and in a moment
was lost to sight along the trail that faded
into the tall trees.

  The sheriff’s horse made but little noise
as it traveled along the trail. Minutes
passed and his coming was not challenged.
Then without warning, a sickening crash of
breaking timber under the horse. Kipp and
his mount dropped out of sight in the thinly
covered pit. Snorting with fear, the horse
went down, Kipp striving desperately to free
himself from the falling animal. The sher-
iff’s head struck something solid and he lost
consciousness.

  Two heavily armed men stepped from a
clump of choke-cherry brush.

  “I’m right glad that-deadfall ketched

somethin’,” grinned one of them. “I shore
sweat a plenty diggin’ her. Wonder how
this gent got past the guard.”

  “I ketched sight uh his face as he
dropped in,” growled the other. “It was
Kipp. That’s how-come he got down the
trail without bein’ drilled. Hope it didn’t
bust the hoss’s leg.”

  “Ner Kipp’s neck. Black Jack’ll raise

-if he gits killed and a stranger gits put

in the sheriff office. Fox’d have a shore
tough time of it if a hard man was put in
Kipp’s place. Lower the ladder and we’ll
look over the damage.”

  “I’d give somethin’ tuh know what they
got on old Kipp,” muttered the other as he
lowered a ladder into the pit.

  One of them went down the ladder. A
moment later a match sputtered and lit up
the inky blackness of the hole.

  “Kipp’s knocked out and the hoss is
good as ever,” he called in guarded tones.
“Better shove down the gangplank so we
kin lead the critter up.”

A CLEATED plank runway was
lowered and after some minutes
of work the frightened horse was
led to solid ground. Kipp, still
unconscious and bleeding from a nasty
scalp wound, was carried out.

  “You lead his hoss. I’ll pack him across
my saddle.”

  Thus Joe Kipp was carried to the lighted
cabin where Black Jack sat on the edge of
a bunk smoking cigarets and taunting the
two prisoners who were on the dirt floor,
bound hand and foot, their backs against a
log wall.
34

Adventure

  “Where’d yuh git him?” asked Black
Jack.

  “He rode into the pit.”

  Black Jack picked up a water bucket and
threw the contents roughly into Kipp’s
face. The sheriff groaned and opened his
eyes. The breed stooped and plucked the
.45 from Kipp’s scabbard, then resumed his
seat on the bunk. Behind his half-closed
eyes lay some nervous tension and his
brows knitted in a scowl as he watched Kipp
sputter and struggle to a sitting posture on
the floor.

  Shorty and Pete exchanged a quick look
but made no sound. Both were disheveled
and Shorty’s face was swollen and caked
with dried blood. Yet his eyes blazed de-
fiantly and about his bruised lips played
a sardonic smile. Pete, erect and defiant,
strained cautiously at the ropes that bound
his arms. Both the prisoners divided their
glances between Black Jack and Kipp.

  “Where’s Fox?” snapped Black Jack.

  “He ain’t dead, if that’s what yo’re driv-
in’ at,” returned Kipp.

  Black Jack seemed relieved at hearing
tliis bit of news.

  “Miss him?” he sneered. “Er lose yore
guts at the last minute?”

  “Neither.” Kipp was gathering his ad-
dled wits. “How long have I bin knocked
out?”

  “Ten minutes, rough guessin’,” grinned
one of the men who had taken him from
the pit.

  Kipp, thinking of Tad, calculated swiftly.
Fifteen minutes had passed since the two
had parted. That meant that in fifteen
minutes more, Tad would be riding along
that trail into a similar trap perhaps.

  “Got ary more uh them-holes around

here fer a man tuh fall into?” he growled,
feeling gingerly of his head.

  Black Jack laughed harshly.

  “Nope. One’s a-plenty, I reckon. How
come yuh never lit no signal fire from the
rimrock like yuh was told to?”

  “Fergot.”

  Kipp felt somewhat relieved to learn that
Tad would not be trapped as he had been.

  “Fergot, eh?” Black Jack sneered.
“Mebbe. Mebbe not. Looks tuh me like
you was aimin’ tuh sneak in and take a look
around. You bin weakenin’ fer some time.
When I left yuh last night, you was doin’
some nasty talkin’. ’Lowed you was
through with me and Fox. By-, I’ll

see about that! Afore yo’re a hour older,
I’ll have yuh messed up so —— tight you
won’t never make a peep. See them two
skunks settin’ yonder? They’re cashin’ in
their chips tonight, savvy? And yo’re the
gent tuh do the job. Then yuh kin go back

to Hank Basset and be - to yuh. Go

back and tell him how yuh hung his son
and the nosey runt of a would-be gunman
that come in here with him! Tell Basset
that. I’ll learn yuh to lay down on me!”
The breed was literally shaking with rage
now. His ugly lips twisted in a leering
grin.

  “I aimed tuh shoot them two and dump
’em in the river. Hangin’ beats that all tuh

-, though. ’Specially with Sheriff Kipp

tuh lead their hosses out from under ’em
and leave ’em danglin’ to a cottonwood
limb.”

  “-!” said Kipp hoarsely, reading full

well the cruel cunning in Black Jack’s smol-
dering eyes. “You won’t! If ary harm
come to them two boys, you’ll hang fer it.
I’ll hang with ’em afore I’ll mix up in such
a low-down murder. I told yuh I’d come
to the place where I was quittin’. I meant
what I said. I’m givin’ you a chanct that
you don’t noways deserve. I’m givin’ you
twenty-four hours tuh quit the country.
Aftei that time, I’m goin’ after yuh and by

-•, I’ll put yuh back in the pen where

yuh belong.”

  Black Jack, calm again, sneere3 insult-
ingly into the face of the sheriff.

  “I reckon yo’re drunk. Yo’re fegettin’
who you are, ain’t yuh?”

  “No,” said Kipp evenly, “I ain’t fergit-
tin’. I’ve left papers behind me which tell

the whole-story. If I don’t come back

in twenty-four hours there’ll be a hundred
men in here to see what’s become uh me and
to wipe out as low-down nest uh snakes as
ever lived. I never lied tuh you. I ain’t
lyin’ now. I’m givin’ you a fighting’ chanct
tuh make a getaway. Take it er leave it.”
“You mean yo’re double-crossin’ me and
Fox?” said Black Joe, his words falling
slowly.

  “I mean that I’m wipin’ my slate clean
afore I resigns as sheriff. Wipin’ it clean,
regardless uh what it costs. I’m givin’ you
a chanct tuh leave me and these two boys
here and git out. Do yuh take it?”

  Kipp’s eyes were fixed on a battered
alarm clock. The half hour was up. Tad
would be starting. Even if he had a gun to
Paid Off

35

fire a signal would only be putting Black
Jack on guard. Tad would come cau-
tiously. Fate would decide.

  A calculating gleam flashed in the breed’s
eyes. Documentary evidence to a crimi-
nal is a dangerous weapon. Dead men may
tell no tales, but a written statement is as a
voice from beyond the grave.

  “Looks like yuh hold all the winnin’
cards this deal,” he said flatly. “Yuh shore
out-figgered Fox when yuh planted them
papers in yore safe tuh cover yore trail. I
suppose yore friend Hank Basset holds the
combination.”

  It was a shrewd bit of calculating and
Black Jack’s acting was without fault. He
was playing for the highest stakes a man
may wager: Life and freedom. Never did
a gambler play more shrewdly.

  Kipp, physically and mentally worn to
the breaking point, was caught off guard.

  “Yes, and Hank’s the man that’ll see
justice done. I-”

  Black Jack’s ugly laugh caught the sher-
iff up short. Too late, he realized the mis-
take he had made.

  “Bill,” ordered the breed quickly, “take
a man and ketch the fastest mounts in the
remuda. Ride tuh town and bust open that
cracker-box safe. Bring all the papers
that’s in it. Tell Fox tuh play safe fer a
spell. Tell him that Alder Gulch’ll be
needin’ a new sheriff. Kipp’s dead.”

  Bill and another man slipped outside and
closed the door behind them. There now
remained but two outlaws besides Black
Jack. One of them was in a corner on a
bunk, moaning from the pain of the broken
arm Pete Basset had given him.

  Where .was Tad? That was the sole
thought in Joe Kipp’s mind now. The de-
parture of Bill and the other man lessened,
the odds.

  “Better hog-tie the blattin’ old fool,”
suggested Black Jack a moment later to the
man who squatted against the closed door,
a .45 in his hand.

  “Lemme roll a smoke first,” requested
Kipp, reaching for tobacco, hoping to delay
things till Tad showed.

  The man who had gotten to his feet hesi-
tated.

  “Tie him, I said. Smoke be-”

  Kipp leaped forward. A clubbed gun
caught the old officer across the jaw, whirl-
ing him about. Another blow from the
man’s gun while Black Jack looked on in

scowling approval. Kipp sank limply to
the floor.

  “Neat work. Now tie him afore he comes
to. I’ll learn him what happens tuh them
that loses their guts in this game.”

       XI

“HALF a hour and nary a sign
uh Kipp.”

  Tad shoved his watch back in
his overall pocket and swung into
the saddle. He mentally berated himself
for letting Kipp out of his sight. Here on
strange ground, on a dangerous mission,
he had thrown away his only vantage when
he allowed the sheriff to go on alone. Kipp
had as much as admitted that he had been
playing a crooked game. What was to keep
him from adding one more misdeed to those
of the past?

  A shot from the brush, well aimed, and
no one the wiser. These LF men were play-
ing a desperate game for big stakes. They
would not hesitate to kill a cowpuncher to
gain their ends and avoid detection. Cap-
ture, for them, meant life imprisonment.
Kipp admitted being on friendly terms with
them. His every action showed plainly that
this was not the sheriff’s first trip into the
Pocket.

  With these annoying thoughts to bear
him company, Tad rode on, rode with a .45
in his hand and his eyes scanning every
blurred shadow beneath the cottonwoods.
The big hand that held the gun did not
shake. There was not a trace of fear nor
weakening in the keen eyes that swept the
trail ahead. He faced his future without
flinching, with splendid disregard of the
heavy odds against him.

  Years before, Goliad and the Alamo had
known such men. They came from that
heroic stock that followed Moses Austin to
the Brazos River. No braver men ever
lined sights amid spattering bullets than
these Texans. So, as his sires had faced
their enemies, so now did this son of Texas
ride his trail.

  The ears of his horse twitched forward.
The animal halted and Tad was on the
ground, crouched in the animal’s shadow.
Ahead in the trail gaped the pit that had
trapped Kipp. On the edge of the black
hole lay a hat. Kipp’s battered old felt.

  A moment’s cautious search proved the
pit empty. Tad left his horse in the brush,
36

Adventure

removed his spurs and chaps, and, Win-
chester ready, slipped on afoot, avoiding
the main trail as much as possible.

  Voices and the creak of saddle leather.
Tad crouched in the shadow to put the
approaching riders against the skyline. He
could hear them talking now. Bill and his
companion, bound for town. They spoke in
low tones, barely audible to the listener.

  “Black Jack’s carryin’ this too -far

tuh suit me, Bill. I draws the line at mur-
der, sheriffs especially. Once clear uh these
bad-lands, I’m quittin’ the flats. Kipp’s
plumb right, he’s holdin’ a paw full uh jok-
ers, even if he dies a-holdin’ ’em. No more
breeds fer me. They’re too danged cold-
blooded. Wait a minute while I tighten
my cinch. This hoss swells up like a poi-
soned pup when yuh saddle him.”

  The two halted but a few feet from where
Tad crouched. One of them swung to the
ground.

  “Supposin’ we skirt town complete, pard-
ner?” suggested Bill. “If we warns Fox,
we gotta go through with it er shoot it out
with that buzzard. We know too danged
much tuh be let run loose over the range. I
ain’t cravin’ none tuh match myself with
Luther Fox. He’s lightnin’ with a gun.
Say we drifts east from the edge uh the
Pocket?

  “Let this spread hold the sack. Black
Jack ner Fox wouldn’t consider us if they
was in a tight. That breed ’ud kill us the
same as he aims tuh kill Kipp and Pete Bas-
set and that short waddie. Say, them two
kin shore scrap, mister. Only fer Slim a-
lendin’ a hand, me’n the Apache would uh
bin whupped neat. My hat’s off to ’em.
Dang me if I don’t hope they gits away.”

  “Fat chance. The Injun is cornin’ out
in Black Jack. I wouldn’t give two-bits
Mex. fer their chances.”

  They moved on, leaving Tad grinning in
the darkness. The thought of Shorty and
the others being in danger but made the
lanky puncher the more cool. He waited
impatiently until the two riders were out of
sight, then moved on at a swifter gait.

  The lighted windows of the cabin showed
ahead. Tad crept forward with the stealth
of an Indian. A few moments and he was
at one of the windows, peering inside the
cabin.

  Shorty, Pete, and Kipp sat side by side,
propped against the wall, legs stretched out
in front of them. Kipp’s head sagged for-

ward on his chest for he was still uncon-
scious.

  In spite of the bruised and blood-caked
condition of his face, it was visibly appar-
ent that Shorty’s left cheek bulged with a
huge wad of tobacco. Even as Tad looked,
a brown stream shot forth from the bruised
lips of the little puncher.

  “Missed him, Pete,” he grinned. “Gotta
raise my sights. The range is plumb long
and that spider’s crawlin’ kinda zig-zag like
he was dodgin’. Bet another nickel on the
next shot.”

  “Better put in the next few minutes say-
in’ yore prayers, hombre,” said Black Jack,
crossing to the stove to pour himself a cup
of coffee. “A man as near the end uh the
trail as you gents are, had or ter be lookin’
fer a shallow crossin’.”

  “Injun,” said Shorty in his soft drawl,T
“when I’m cravin’ ary advice, I’ll ask fer
it.”

  Another brown stream that barely missed:
the breed’s boot.

  “Owe yuh another nickel, Pete. That
danged spider got plumb '6'u'ta range. If
yo’re honin’ tuh be of aiiy he’p around here,'
Whiskers, herd that insect back this way.”

  Pete Basset, marveling at the little cow
puncher’s superb nerve, thrust aside his
worries and smiled faintly. Even the guard
at the door eyed Shorty with approval.

  Slim, of the broken arm, groaned less
loudly as he watched Shorty scan the dirt
floor for another spider.

  A queer lump rose in Tad’s throat as he
looked at Shorty’s battered features and
saw the split lips twist in a grin.

  “The-liT ol’ game rooster,” mused

the big puncher, racking his brain for a plan
of attack.

  Kipp groaned feebly and opened his eyes.
Black Jack, a cup of coffee in his left hand,
leered into the sheriff’s pain-shot eyes.

  “Mebbe so that rap between the horns
brung yuh around to some sense,” he said,
fixing Kipp with narrowed gaze. “Had ary
change uh mind while yuh was asleep?”

  “No.”

  “Yo’re forcin’ my hand, mind. I’ve gone
too far tuh do any back-trailin’ in this game
and you know it. I’m killin’ off these two
gents because they know too much. They
come a-huntin’ trouble and they got it, a
hull bellyful. I sent word tuh Fox that
you’d be killed. That was a lie. I’m keep-
in’ yuh here till that Basset deal is closed
Paid Off

37

and I sell out tuh Fox. Then I’ll turn yuh
loose, and me’n these boys is driftin’ to
fresh range. I’m leavin’ yuh to settle with
Fox if yuh got the guts tuh go through with
it. I’ll be a long ways gone so yuh can’t do
me no harm, but you kin make it hot fer
Luther.”

  Black Jack chuckled at the cleverness of
his plan. He drained his coffee at a gulp.

  “Want tuh be hung er shot, you two?” he
asked the other two.

  “Yonder comes another spider, Pete,”
said Shorty, ignoring Black Jack. “What’s
the odds I don’t hit ’im?”

  But a moment before, while Black Jack
was talking to Kipp, Shorty had looked up
at the window and square into the eyes of
his partner. Yet he had given no sign that
he had seen Tad, save that his left eyelid
had dropped in a covert wink. He did not
glance again at the window lest he betray
Tad’s presence. He guessed that Tad was
alone and was waiting for the right moment
to open the attack. Shorty felt sure that
Black Jack would put up a fight, even if
Tad’s gun covered him. He had seen men
of Black Jack’s breed before.

  Death, to the breed, would be preferable
to capture. Slim could still use a gun and
the guard would fight. The light would be
shot out and Tad would not shoot into the
darkened room lest he hit a friend. It was
a situation that would require generalship.

  “-, Black Jack,” put in the guard.

“Hangin’s a lot uh bother. Let’s knock ’em
on the head and throw ’em in the river. If
their carcasses wash ashore, there’s no bul-
let holes in ’em and nobody tuh blame.
They was drownded crossin’ the river,
savvy?”

  “Mebbe yo’re right. We’ll pack ’em to
the river like they are. Time enough tuh
cut the ropes off ’em when we’ve got ’em
knocked out. Slim, keep a eye on the
sheriff while we’re gone. I’ll pack the little
’un.”

  Black Jack, his black eyes hard as flint,
lips set in a thin line, stooped to lift Shorty.

  A brown streak of tobacco juice shot out,
catching the breed squarely in the eyes.
With a howl of pain as the stinging nicotine
blinded him, the outlaw leader sprang
erect, hands to his eyes.

  A shot, accompanied by tinkling glass.
“Stick ’em up!” bawled Tad.

  The man bending over Pete whirled,
shooting from the hip at the window. Tad’s

shot caught the outlaw in the shoulder,
spinning him about.

  “Watch the jasper on the couch, Tad!”
yelled Shorty, rolling across the floor in
twisting flops and striking the legs of Black
Jack, who was groping for the table where
the lamp stood. Cursing in a monotone, his
eyes blinded and hot with pain, the half
breed fell across Shorty’s form.

  Tad, gun in hand, sprang through the
doorway. Black Jack shot desperately at
the least sound, and Tad felt the air of a
passing bullet. Tad leaped forward, the
high heel of his boot crunching the breed’s
gun hand into the dirt. The small bones
cracked sickeningly and Black Jack cursed
as he groped for the gun with his left hand.

  A streak of fire from the bunk. Slim’s
bullet tore through the crown of Tad’s hat.
Tad’s gun roared, tearing the .45 from Slim’s
hand.

  “Both wings busted,” snarled Slim, and
followed the statement by a string of curses.

  The other man was in a heap, whining
and begging.

  “Kill the yaller coyote,” yelled Slim.

“Kill the howling -! Fight, you -

polecat!”

  Tad was on top of Black Jack now, his
long arms swinging like flails as the breed
fought like a trapped cougar. A terrific
swing and the breed went limp.

  The powder smoke was stifling. Every
man’s ears rang from the roar of the big
calibered six-shooters. Slim was shrieking
curses and begging some one to kill the
wounded outlaw who put up so tame a
fight.

  Tad cut Shorty’s ropes first.

  “Thanks, Ox,” grinned the little puncher.
“Gimme that rope and I’ll tie that Injun.
Where’s yore men, big feller?”

  “I come with Kipp. Quit a runnin’ off
at the head, runt, and tie up that black-
muzzled skunk afore he comes alive and
makes me kill ’im.”

  Pete and Kipp were quickly freed. They
grinned their thanks and set to work si-
lencing Slim and the other man.

  “Pete,” grinned the jubilant Shorty,
“meet up with my ol’ Tad pardner. Home-
lier’n a muley cow, but we can’t all of us be
han’some. Yuh done got here jest about
time, feller. The Injun was kinda goin’ on
the notion that all good cow hands was dead
’uns and was rearin’ tuh convert me’n Pete.
I owes Peter twenty cents, Taddie. Bein’
38

Adventure.

kinda nervous inside, I missed that -

spider every shot. I ain’t so good as I used

tuh be at-”

  “Fer gosh sake, dry up, runt,” grumbled
Tad. “Yuh dad-gummed li’l locoed idjit.
Snuk off on me and overmatched yorese’f,
didn’t yuh? I’d orter ’a’ let yuh git yore
needin’s.”

  With a snort of disapproval, he turned
to Kipp.

  The sheriff had moved to the open door-
way and was staring with thoughtful eyes
into the night. He turned as Tad’s hand
rested on his shoulder. Together they
stepped outside.

 “That-hole ketched me, Ladd. The

fall knocked me out and they had me foul
when I come to. I done my best, which

was a-of a pore showin’.”

  “No man kin do more’n his best, Joe.
It’s over now, let’s fergit it.”

  Tad shoved out his hand, but Kipp shook
his head.

  “It ain’t over fer me, Ladd. I got my
work cut out fer me. When I’ve done that
work, I’ll shake hands if yo’re still in the
notion.”

  “Meanin’ Fox and you locks horns?”
“Partly that. When we bring this herd
up outa the brakes, Fox’ll know that his
game is lost. It’ll be either run er shoot it
out, and he ain’t the runnin’ kind. It’ll be
me er him, that’s all. The range is too small
tuh hold us both.”

  Tad nodded.

  “I’m layin’ my bets on you, Joe.”

  “I’m obliged, pardner.”

  They turned and entered the cabin.

THERE followed half an hour
of cross-questioning the outlaw
who had begged for mercy when
he had been wounded. They
learned that there were no more men to be
accounted for. Tad told of the conversa-
tion he had overheard between Bill and his
companion.

  “Then we got clear trail ahead,” said
Kipp. “Bill’ll pick up the gent at the
rimrock, bein’ they’re sorter pardners. We
might as well bed down and take it easy
till mornin’. We’ll take turns standin’
guard. There’d orter be beds out under
the trees so’s them as ain’t on guard kin
rest. Come daylight, we’ll take the herd
out and I’ll take the pris’ners tuh Hank’s
place.”

  ‘This plan met with hearty approval.
Not a man there but needed rest. Tad took
first guard.

  Black Jack, conscious now, had lapsed in-
to a sullen silence. His black eyes were
opaque, his bearded features expressionless.
No amount of questioning could open his
thin lips.

  “That’s the Injun in him,” grinned
Shorty as he and Pete followed Kipp out-
side in search of beds.

  “My work is done, Sheriff,” smiled Pete
Basset when Shorty was out of earshot.
“I’m giving myself up to you. I’m ready
to go back to Deer Lodge.”

  “Better wait a day er so, Pete. I’m
too danged busy tuh fool with yuh right
now. Keep yor gun fer a spell; It may
come in handy. Fox’ll have men with
him when we meet up with him at the lone
cottonwood to pay off yore dad’s note.
This show ain’t over. Till it is, yo’re plumb
free, savvy?”

  “That’s white of you, Sheriff. I’ve had
a hunch for a long time that you were in
cahoots with Fox and his gang. Black
Jack’s recent talk clinches that suspicion.
Also, it’s plain that you’re breaking with
the LF. I want you to know that I’m
for you.”

  Beyond the cottonwood grove near the
corrals, Shorty was jerking the saddle from
his tired horse and staking the animal out
where the grass was high. He sang as he
worked:

“Parson, I’m a maverick, jest runnin’ loose an’

        grazin’,

    Eatin’ where’s the greenest grass and drinkin’
       where I choose;

Had tuh rustle in my youth an’ never had no raisin’;
Wasn’t never halter broke an’ I ain’t got much
tuh lose;

Used tuh sleepin’ in a sack an’ livin’ in a slicker;
Church folks never branded me, I don’t know
as they tried,

Wisht you’d say a prayer fer me and try tuh make a

       dicker

    For the best they’ll give me when I cross the
      Big Divide.”

XII

AT MIDNIGHT Tad went out-
side to call Kipp for guard duty.
He found the old officer sitting
on a tarp-covered bed, smoking.
“Herd’s a layin’ peaceful, Joe. I done
found a jug uh licker and Slim and the yal-
ler ’un has drunk theirselves tuh sleep.
Paid Off

39

Black Jack’s the fust breed I ever run acrost
that don’t tech t’rant’lar juice.”

  Kipp Smiled absently and got to his feet
Tad was pulling off his boots already. The
sheriff’s form was silhouetted against the
lighted doorway for a moment, then the
door closed.

  Tad, in the act of pulling off a second
tight-fitting boot, paused, his wide brow
furrowed in thought. For as long as a
minute he sat thus. Then he pulled the
boot back on his foot and donned its mate.
He listened for a moment to Shorty’s
snoring then, moving stealthily, Tad made
his way to the cabin, crouching by the win-
dow, the glass of which had been broken
earlier in the night.

  “Hurry up and cut these ropes,” Tad heard
Black Jack command in a low-pitched tone.

  “No,” came Kipp’s answer.

  The sheriff’s voice sounded tired, the
voice of an old man who carried too heavy
a burden.

  “Yuh know what it means fer us both if
I talk?”

  “Yes. I’ve done figgered it all out. I’m
takin’ my medicine and givin’ you yourn.
There ain’t no use talkin’. I’m goin’
through with this. I aim tuh come clean
with the hull story. How you killed a man
when he ketched yuh stealin’ hosses. How
yuh got life fer it. How I filed the bars uh
the window on that Los Cruces jail and
staked yuh to a hoss tuh git away into
Mexico. Yuh said you’d never bather
me no more. I come north, changed my
name and lets the past lay dead. Then
you and this Fox hunts me out and makes
me play yore dirty game. I’m tellin’ all
that when the time comes. They kin do

what jthey - please with me. I’ll die

in the pen knowin’ I’ve squared my ac-
counts here on this side uh the Big Divide.”

  The breed made no reply. Tad, peering
through the logs where a bit of chinking
had dropped out, saw the sheriff squatted
with his back against the door, a Win-
chester across his knees.

  Black Jack’s'back was toward Tad. He
could see the brown, muscular hands, one
of them swollen and discolored, twist at
the tightly knotted rope.

  “You’d bust the promise yuh made to a
dyin’ woman?”

  “I’ve kept that promise,” replied Kipp
slowly, “more than kept it. I reckon you
know that as well as I do.”

  “Yes,” came the breed’s answer, “I
reckon I do. You done yore share and
more. I aim tuh do mine.”

  One of those brown hands had so man-
euvered that it had slipped inside the waist-
band of the overalls and was hidden. Un-
seen by Kipp, it now came forth, holding
a tiny derringer. Before Tad grasped the
import of the breed’s intention, Black Jack
had pressed the muzzles of the little double-
barreled gun into his own back. A dull roar
as the hammer fell and the soft-nosed .44
slug ripped its way upward through Black
Jack’s spine and into his chest. A second
thudding roar. Then the smoking gun
dropped to the floor.

  Kipp was on his feet, staring strangely
at the breed. Tad saw Black Jack’s face
twist upward, white teeth showing in a
twisted grin.

  “Yuh see I’m keepin’ my word,” said the
breed through smiling lips. • “I won’t bother
yuh no more. I’m—goin’ now. So long.”
The bearded head sagged forward. The
body swayed sidewise. Kipp caught it
and lowered him gently to the floor, dead.

  Tad, entering the cabin, saw dimly out-
lined in the blue smoke haze Kipp squat-
ting beside the body of the dead outlaw,
staring into the glazing black eyes of the
half-breed who had made the old sheriff’s
life a living hell.

  Kipp looked up. Tad was amazed to see
the sheriff’s eyes wet with unshed tears.

 “He was my son, Ladd,” said Kipp
simply.

  Tad stared stupidly for a moment,
stunned at the sheriff’s words. Then he
nodded understandingly. Slim and the
other outlaw, stirred in their drunken
slumber and slept on. Tad looked up to
see Shorty, gun in hand, framed in the
doorway.

  “Black Jack done killed hisse’f, Shorty,”
Tad explained. “Pete awake?”

  “Awake and on the way, Tad. Yonder
he comes, limpin’. Bet he stepped on a
cactus in his sock feet.”

  “I reckon Joe wants tuh be left alone,

pard. Tell-”

  “Hold on, Ladd,” said Kipp quietly,
rising. “Let Pete come. Thg time has
come fer explainin’ off a few things. Come
in and set.”

  The three younger men, awed into re-
spectful silence by Kipp’s gravity, did as
he asked.
40

Adventure

  “I won’t take long, boys,” Kipp began.
“Ner will I try fer tuh git yore sympathy.
Yonder lays my boy, the only child by a
marriage that never should uh bin. She
was Apache, I was a white man. We was
both kids at the time and mistook lonesome-
ness fer love. We run off and was mar-
ried down in Mexico.

  “When she run off with me, she out-
lawed herself from her folks. They hated

white men. I was - fool enough tuh

think I could make her over into a white

woman. -knows she was purty enough

and as decent as ary white gal that ever
lived. But in the towns, the white women
shied off from her. Men called me a squaw-
man and treated me as such. We wa’n’t
so happy as we might uh bin them days,
and we stuck dost to the little cow ranch
I had down on the border. Then the boy
come and fer a while it looked like we was
goin’ tuh be happy onct more.

  “But it didn’t last long. I was gone a
heap, round-ups and hoss huntin’ and such.
She was left alone on the ranch. There
was a good lookin’ Mexican that used tuh
drop in sometimes. Fancy outfit and al-
ways shaved and wearin’ of a clean shirt.
He had money. I didn’t know till later
that he made it sellin’ stolen hosses. She
was a right purty little thing. I come in
from a week’s work in the hills tuh find
her gone. She’d took the boy, then a kid
ten years old, with her.

  “I oiled my gun and hit their trail. But

-, they was plumb gone. I rode over

half uh Mexico, then come home tuh find
my cattle scattered and run off and nary
hoss left. The Mexicans had stole me
blind, durin’ the twelve months I’ve bin
gone. Travelers has tore down my corrals
tuh build camp fires. A rattler strikes at
me as I steps into the gutted cabin which
I’d called home, and I’m that low in speerits
that I goes back to my hoss without shootin’
the snake’s head off. Keepin’ clear uh
town er the ranches where I’m known, I
quits that range fer keeps.

  “Cowpunchin’, ridin’ grub-line, breakin’
broncs, night-hawkin’, even takin’ a whirl
at cookin’, and I’m driftin’ like a tumble-
weed afore a norther. Doin’ my share uh

drinkin’ and - raisin’ with the rest,

aimin’ tuh fergit that I got a wife an’ kid
a strayin’ somewheres. But it ain’t no-
ways easy tuh fergit and I keeps driftin’
back across the border hopin’ tuh cut their

trail and always I got a shell in my gun fer

the greaser that’s mavericlced my wife an’
kid.

  “It’s ten years from the day they run
off from me, that I finds Mister Mex. I’m
ridin’ into a li’l’ ol’ Mex town when I hears
shootin’. I rounds the corner uh the
adobe rurale fort in time tuh see a rurale
firin’ squad blowin’ the smoke from their
carbines. In a heap against a ’dobe wall
is my Mex, plumb full uh lead. They’ve
done ketched him stealin’ hosses. His
pardner, a ’breed kid, has out rode ’em and
got away after killin’ three uh their men.
That ’breed kid, understand, is my son.

  “That night I finds my wife down in a
stinkin’, dirty ’dobe shack in Gopher town.
She’s got fat and black lookin’ and she’s
dyin’ from pneumonia. I stays by her
till she dies. The kid, a good lookin’,
black-eyed young tough, drifts in as she’s
goin’ out. Not knowin’ me, he stands
there in the door a-coverin’ me till she tells
him he’s linin’ his sights on his own dad.
He’s there when I promises her to look after
him and get him weaned off from his wild
ways. He’s laughin’ at me and her wheD
she closes her eyes and I feels her hand gar
limp in mine.

  “ ‘We’ll be startin’ fer Arizona when
we’ve buried yore mother,’ I tells him.

  “ ‘The - we will,’ he says, blowin’

cigaret smoke in my face. ‘You shore
got a good imagination. Diggin’ graves is
outa my fine uh work and yore ways is
too tame fer me. I jest dropped in tuh git
some ca’tridges and a bottle uh mescal.

My father, eh? A-1 of a father, you are.

And- yuh, don’t go tryin’ tuh reform

me, sabe? Bury the squaw if yuh' feel like
it, then go back to where yuh belong.’

  “He steps out into the dark and is gone.
The next time I sees him, he’s in jail at
Los Cruces, bound fer Florence tuh serve
a life sentence. I brings him some smokin’
and pays off his law sharp and figgers I’ve
done my best. But he gits under my hide
about this here promise I done made his
mother. He swears he’ll quit the country
complete and reform if I gits him loose.
I weakens and that night I lets him out.

  “I changes my name and drifts to Mon-
tana, aimin’ tuh begin fresh and thinkin’
the kid has gone tuh South America and
made a clean start. Fifteen years passes
and I’m sheriff here. Then him and Fox
shows up. The kid’s older now and his
Paid Off

41

whiskers keeps me from recognizin’ him.

  “Me and Hank Basset rides into the
brakes follerin’ the sign uh the stolen cattle.
We splits up. I gits my hoss shot out
from under me and takes to the brush. I
jumps this Black Jack sudden, shootin’ the
gun outa his hand. I’m puttin’ the ’cuffs
on him when he tells me who he is.”

  Kipp paused. His hands went out in a
weary gesture.

  “You kin guess the rest, boys. Fox and
him a houndin’ me. They tell me that tlie
night uh the Los Cruces jail break, a deputy
was killed. The kid shot him, like as not.
Him er Fox who was in town at the time,
dickerin’ fer stolen hosses that the kid
brung across the line. But they’ve laid the
killin’ on to me and I’m wanted down
there. Likewise the kid plays on this
promise I done made his mother, sayin’
how I done wrong by her all the way
through and if he’d had the right kind uh
raisin’ he’d uh turned out different. Mebbe
so, by gittin’ Fox and cleanin’ up this gang,
I kin make up a mite fer what or’nariness
I’ve done. Then I’m goin’ back tuh Los
Cruces and let ’em do what they want with

me. That’s the hull - story, boys.

The story that’s writ in black and white
and lays in my safe. I want that you
should know this afore I meets up with
Fox.”

OPENING the door, Joe Kipp
stepped out into the night, his
hair silvery white in the bright
moonlight.

  “I wonder,” said Pete Basset, as if musing
aloud, “what we can say to make him
know we’re for him?”

  “Leave it tuh Tad,” whispered Shorty.
“He kin do ’er. Hop to it, Taddie. Do it
and I’ll give yuh them Chihuahua spurs yuh
bin wantin’.”

  Tad gave his little partner a withering
look, then stepped over to Black Jack’s
dead body, looking down into the upturned
face. Then he jerked the blanket off the
snoring Slim and covered the body of Joe
Kipp’s son.

  “I wish you would say something to him,
Tad,” said Pete earnestly. “I’m afraid
I’d make a mess of it.”

  “If I gotta, I gotta,” replied Tad grimly.
“Shed them spurs, runt.”

  Tad met Kipp at the corral. He held out
his hand to the old sheriff.

  Kipp’s eyes were misty as he gripped it.
“That goes fer all of us,” said Tad
simply.

XIII

LUTHER FOX swung a long leg

across his saddle horn and thus
at ease in his saddle, gazed at the
rudely lettered sign nailed to
the lone cottonwood. A cold cigar jutted
from the corner of his thin-lipped mouth.
The age-yellowed ivory butt of a long-
barreled .45 poked itself from beneath the
long tail of his rusty black coat. He re-
moved the cigar from between his crooked
teeth and sprayed the sign with tobacco
juice. One or two brown specks were added
to the already badly spotted white expanse
of shirt front.

 “Barring - and high water,” he ad-
dressed his two roughly garbed, heavily
armed companions who had dismounted and
squatted on the ground, “that sign will
come off that tree before sundown.”

 “No more dead-line between Basset’s
and the LF, eh, boss?”'

  Fox nodded. The corners of his mouth
twitching. Then he pointed with the butt
of a home-made quirt to a small dust cloud,
slowly approaching from the direction of
the Basset place.

 “What do you make of it, boys? How
many cornin’?”

“Two. Two hossbackers. Nary steer.”
“That’ll be Basset and his sweet-tem-
pered wife. We’re due to receive a tongue

lashing, boys. - a man that can’t

do business without his-- cat-of a wo-
man tagging along. Killing’s too good an
end for such females.”

  “I wonder where’s the cattle and them
two waddies yuh hired, boss?”

  “Quit the country, no doubt. I sent a
man over here yesterday to see ’em. They’d
pulled out and Basset was making no effort
to gather the few head uh stuff he has on his
range. As a matter of fact, Basset’s wife
had the old fool penned off in the black-
smith shop.”

  Fox smiled faintly. The two punchers
laughed coarsely.

 “Yuh aim tuh make a dicker fer the
Basset iron, boss? Watch dost that ol’
Hank don’t sluff the ol’ lady off on yuh
along with the brand.”

Hank and Ma Basset came on slowly,
their horses scuffing up puffs of yellow dust.
42

Adventure

The old couple looked tired and worried.
Ma, dressed in bib overalls, flannel shirt,
and an old slouch hat, filled her saddle to
the point overflowing. Her eyes were a bit
red as if from recent shedding of tears.
Of the two, Hank looked the more down-
cast as they approached the lone tree that
marked the boundary line. Low on Hank’s
thigh swung a .45 in a weather-stained hol-
ster. Across Ma’s saddle pommel rested a
sawed-off shotgun.

  “Looky here, Hank Basset, perk up.
I don’t aim that Fox should see us down in
the mouth. Land sakes, can’t yuh scare
up a grin of some description to wear on
yore face. You don’t see me sittin’ my
hoss like a dogie in a blizzard.”

  At that moment her horse, an old flea-
bitten gray, stumbled and went to his
knees, jolting the breath out of Ma as her
saddle horn jabbed her. Hank did his best
to bide a grin. Ma red-faced and gasping,
gave him an angry look.

  “If that ain’t a cowpuncher for yuh! I
do believe you’d laugh if I was to be killed
by this crow-bait of a hoss. Now what’s
so comical? What yuh grinnin’ at?”

  “Yuh’lowed I was tuh perk up, Ma. I’m
perkin’.”

  Hank’s hand, searching for tobacco, en-
countered Kipp’s sheriff badge.

  “Joe Kipp and the Ladd feller ’lowed
they’d be here at noon to-day. The sun
lacks half a hour uh thro win’ the short
shadder. We ain’t licked yet.”

  “If ary harm had come to Pete, I’d feel
it in my bones, Hank. What was it Joe
Kipp said about that paper in his safe?”
“He ’lowed it ’ud be useful to us.”

  “Huh! He mighta said more. Yonder’s
Fox, lookin’ fer all the world like a turkey
buzzard, drat him. I’d like tuh give that
old skinflint a piece uh my mind. Set up
straight, can’t yuh? Goodness, a person
’ud think you was a hunchback. If them
new galluses is too tight, let ’em out a
notch.”

  The couple approached the tree. Fox,
his long leg still crooked across his saddle
horn, lifted his hat with an air of mocking
gallantry.

  “The dried up ol’ he school-marm,”
muttered Ma Basset, freezing him with a
hard stare.

  Fox’s head, bare as a billiard ball, dis-
appeared beneath the wide-brimmed black
hat.

  “I understood there was a bunch of
cattle to be delivered here, Basset,” he said
as if surprized to see no herd. “My two
boys are bringing them, perhaps?”

  “Perhaps,” snapped Ma Basset. “ ’Tain’t
noon yet.”

  “On such a beautiful Sabbath morning,
we mortals should forget our quarrels, Mrs.
Basset. I come on an errand of peace.
Ours should be a relationship of neighborly
friendship instead on enmity.”

  His bony hand indicated Basset’s sign.
“It is my wish that such things should
not exist, madam. In my pocket is your
note. I would gladly destroy that bit of
paper and seal, in that manner, our bond
of mutual friendship. In return, I ask for
something that is of little value. Namely,
the transfer of your iron into my name.
It is evident that but a handful of cattle in
that iron exist. I am offering to lift the
burden of debt from you in return for a
brand that has no value.”

  “Why?” snapped Ma Basset.

  “That such ill feeling as is shown by
yonder sign may be wiped away. You will
be taken care of. Moreover, I shall myself
make a plea to the governor of the State
for an absolute pardon for your son. I
wish to prove to you that Luther Fox is not
the scoundrel you would have men think
him to be.”

  His bony thumbs hooked in the arm-
holes of his grease-spotted waistcoat, he at-
tempted a yellow-fanged smile.

  “A buzzard chatterin’ like a magpie,”
was Ma Basset’s audible comment to her
husband.

  Fox’s yellow cheeks took on a pinkish
hue. His eyes glittered venomously.

  “We ain’t askin’ no compromise, Fox,”
said Hank. “The deal goes as she lays.”

  “So be it.”

  Fox bit off his words sharply. Pulling
forth a huge watch, he held it in the palm
of his hand.

  “You have exactly twenty-eight minutes
to produce those cattle, Basset.”

  “And that’s a plenty, Luther Fox! Look
yonder!” cried Ma Basset.

  Out of a long draw came a moving mass
of stock. The faint sound of bawling
cattle came to them. The brownish spot
widened quickly, taking form as the herd
spread out across the prairie.

  Fox went pasty white. The crooked
smile on his thin lips vanished. A man
Paid Off

43

seeing a ghost could look no more startled.

 “Something’s wrong as ——he mut-
tered as his leg swung to catch the ox-bow
stirrup. Beads of moisture stood out on
his cheeks. His claw-like fingers shook as
they wrapped about the ivory butt of the
low-hung .45. He gazed as if fascinated
at the oncoming herd.

  With those cattle came ruination and
defeat. The absence of Kipp, Tad and
Shorty was now accounted for. Somehow,
they had gotten into the Pocket, killed or
captured Black Jack and his men and were
bringing out the stolen herd. The swift
vision of a prison cell made him wince.
He shut his eyes against it and his chin
dropped to his chest. When he looked up a
moment later, the color had come back into
his lips. He turned to his two followers.

  “You’ll find fresh horses at the corral in
town. It’s a forty-hour ride to the Cana-
dian line. You’d better lose no time.”

  The two men gazed at him for a moment,
then whirled their horses and were gone in
a cloud of dust, without a word of parting.
Fox now turned to Hank Basset and his
wife who acted like people who moved in
a dream, stupefied. With steady hand,
Fox brought forth Hank Basset’s note and
slowly tore it to bits. The scraps of paper
fluttered to the ground.

  “It would be better if you rode back to-
wards your ranch, madam. I bid you good
day.”

- Ma Basset hesitated, her eyes moving
from Fox to her husband. Something in
Fox’s bearing silenced her usually ready
tongue.

  “Better drift, Ma,” mumbled Hank.

  She turned her horse and rode away.
The old horse, headed on the homeward
trail, voluntarily quickened his pace and
she gave him rein.

  Hank licked his dry lips and stared at
Fox who had taken the .45 from its holster
and was spinning the cylinder, his eyes on
a solitary horseman who had quit the herd
and was riding toward the lone tree.

  “That will be Joe Kipp,” said Fox, his.
voice flatly emotionless. “For a man who
has spent his life in the saddle, he sits a
horse badly.”

  The white-handled gun went back in its
holster. Then Fox rode to the cottonwood
and with an abrupt movement, jerked
Hank Basset’s sign from its place on the
tree trunk.

  “You’ll have no further need of it, Basset,
and the thing was an eyesore. The spelling
was miserable. Should Kipp shoot better
than he rides, bury me on the LF side of
the tree.”

  Midway between the tree and the herd,
Joe Kipp came on, his horse at a running
walk. Fox, riding to meet him, halted for
a moment to call over his shoulder to Hank.

  “A man may be a scoundrel, Basset, but
still not be a coward.”

  Then he rode on.

  Those that watched saw the two men ride
toward each other. Saw the gap between
them lessen. Two puffs of white smoke
appeared at precisely the same instant.
Both men swayed drunkenly in the saddle.
The horses, startled, leaped forward. The
riders slipped to the ground to he quietly,
but ten feet apart.

  Tad was the first to reach the spot. He
swung from his saddle to bend over Kipp.
Fox, a red smear oozing from the hole be-
tween his eyes, lay face upward, his gun
still clutched in his lifeless hand.

  “Is Kipp dead?” panted Shorty, riding
up.

  Tad looked up, shaking his head.

  “Creased. He’ll come to directly. Fox’s
bullet done parted his hair. The sun
must’a’ somehow sp’iled the buzzard’s aim.”

  Hank rode up, panting as if from a hard
run.

  “Toss me Kipp’s badge, Hank,” called
Tad. “He’s done earned the right tuh
wear it.”

FROM Ma Basset’s kitchen came
the savory odor of roast turkey,
baking pies and coffee.

  In the front room, cotton
covers had been removed from plush seated
chairs and the place buzzed with conversa-
tion, generously punctuated by laughter.
Holiday spirit prevailed.

  Shorty Carroway, scrubbed, shaved, re-
splendent in a suit of store clothes, was
gradually becoming more red of cheek due
to the confines of a shining celluloid collar.

  “That red tie uh yourn has slipped up
under yore off ear, runt,” confided Tad, also
in holiday garb, in a voice that carried the
length of the room.

  Shorty rescued the truant tie and grinned
wickedly.

  “Is it the style tuh wear one sock draggin’
low thataway when yuh got low water
44

Adventure

shoes on, Ox? Swap yuh this here Los
Cruces letter uh Joe Kipp’s fer Pete Basset’s
pardon paper. Dang me if I ever knowed
so many big words could be herded together
on one hunk uh paper. This judge gent in
Los Cruces shore tells it scary. And them
two reward checks fer Fox and Black Jack,
man, they runs into real money. Joe
’lows the Black Jack reward goes tuh
you.”

  “Fer gosh sake, dry up,” muttered Tad.
“Don’t go sp’ilin’ Joe’s dinner, talkin’ about

the breed. Where’n - yore manners?

And mind yuh, act purty when Miz Basset
sets yuh alongside thet school-marm at the
table.”

  Shorty squirmed, his glance darting to an
angular maiden lady across the room.
Tad chuckled softly.

  Joe Kipp, exonerated from the Los
Cruces killing and recently returned from
the border town, was in a corner with Pete
Basset who had that morning made his
triumphant return from Deer Lodge.

  Ma Basset and the school teacher were
fluttering about the room collecting vacant
chairs and setting the table The school
teacher, taking advantage of a lull in the
operations, headed like a homing pigeon for
the vacant place on the setee alongside

Shorty. The little puncher grinned in a
sickly fashion and swallowed hard.

  “We’ll have a chance to finish that thrill-
ing tale of yours now,|Mister Carroway,”
she cooed.

  Shorty, catching Hank’s eye, sent a look
of desperate appeal that might have
brought results had not Tad interfered.

  “If there’s anything Mister Carroway
loves, it’s relatin’ them hair-brained .es-
capes uh hisn. Git him tuh tell yuh about
the time he stumbled over Lafe Tucker’s
tame polecat in the dark, ma’am.”

  Ma Basset, sensing Shorty’s agonized
frame of mind, came to the rescue.

  “Hattie, if yuh don’t mind, will yuh put
on the red napkins. I’m gettin’ that hefty
that my feet kills me when I’m on ’em long.”

  She dropped into a chair and fanned her-
self with her apron.

  Hattie reluctantly obeyed and Ma winked
at Shorty. The little puncher grinned his
thanks.

  Hank Basset, who had been hovering in
the vicinity of the cupboard where Ma’s
bottle of snake-bite cure was concealed,
caught Joe Kipp’s eye and a meaning
glance was exchanged.

  “Ma,” said Hank, sniffing audibly, “ain’t
them biscuits burnin’?”
PLOWMEN PIONEERS

by S. Omar Barker

    OTRONG men have gone adventuring
       Since Adam saw the sword.

     And some have died to serve a king,

     And some to serve the Lord;

     And some to serve their own red blood
     That knew the wayward call

     And answered it, and found it good,

    From Wrangel to Bengal.

     And we have roused good songs for lads
     Who, whether young or old,

     Have entered life’s Olympiads
     Adventuring for gold.

     So have we sung the sons of war;

    And so we sing them now.

     But who has twanged a ballad for
     The heroes of the plow?

     West over prairies, through strange hills,
     Calm pioneers fought on—

     What? Was it gold that thewed their wills
     And led to Oregon?

    Long muskets hooked beneath their arms—
    Afraid of none but God—

     They carried plows to virgin farms;

     Lean soldiers of the sod.

    These were the men who saw wild grass
    With creeping death astir;

     Who fought red terror in the pass,

    And braved the massacre.

     They loved the smell of virgin soil,

     The fertile feel of loam,

     Yet mingled daring with their toil,

     And so, at last, came home.

     Their furrows down the field of years
     Are straight and true and deep.

    O	simple plowmen pioneers,

     God rest you in your sleep!

     And we who swell with lusty breath
     The ballads of the brave,

     Will rouse a chant for noble death,

     And sing it o’er your grave!

45
            w naams

Author of “Fenceless Meadows“Old Sea Flower,” etc.

OW is your appetite?

  I have been thinking of the good
old days when I was younger. I
often wonder what itwas that kept
my soul and body together aboard the old
Fast and Furious, when I was young, healthy
and forever hungry. I sailed with her a full
four years, and throughout that time saw
no change in her menus when meal times
came around.

 When I was working for the Army
Y.M.C.A. in camp I used to hear the sol-
diers grouse at the quality and at the quan-
tity of the food served to them. Little they
knew in what luxury they lived. I’ve seen
men who would have fought for three stewed
prunes! Men to whom the word prune
would have spelt quite unbelievable delight
and luxury.

  Imagine having potatoes every day!
Not only every day, but often two and
three times a day. Think of fresh meat.

  Well, it’s all a matter of the point of
view, I suppose; an affair of circumstance.

  When with the old Fast and Furious I
sat down each morning at sea to all the hard
sea biscuit that I could eat—to that and
nothing else; except black and sugarless cof-
fee, with no milk in it.

  At supper the feast was precisely similar
save that the coffee was replaced by what
was said to be tea.

  As often as not the sea biscuit was so old,
so stale, so moldering that it was full of
weevils of all sizes. Since there was noth-
ing else to eat we must perforce shake the

 weevils out and proceed with the biscuit.

   When the hard tack was fresh it was so
 iron hard that to break it with the teeth was
 quite impossible. It was often too hard to
 break with a strong knife-handle.

   What was it made of? Do not ask me.
 I do not know.

   A biscuit soaked for a few seconds, or
 rather, dipped for a few seconds, in salt wa-
 ter and then placed in the galley oven
 would swell to several times- its size. It was
 a custom to do this sometimes to make
 variety for supper, especially in fine weath-
 er; just as summertime fetches the shore
 folks out door to sip their afternoon tea

 and to nibhk their cake and their cookies.

   Thus treated, a ship’s hard biscuit was
 known as a “midshipman’s muffin.” They
 "• were exceedingly unpleasant in their after
 effects.

   When broken into small fragments and
 fried in the oven with a few precious scraps
 of pork fat—which was either saved at
 great sacrifice from the midday meal or
 begged from the China cook—they became
 known as “dandy funk” or “cracker hash,”
 “dog’sbody,” etc. I do not recall quite
 all the names of the queer messes that we
 contrived in our futile endeavor to vary our
 food.

   On Sunday at sea we were allowed, as a
 great luxury, plum duff. On good ships
 this plum duff was made of flour and of
 raisins. On my ship it was made of hard
 tack beaten into a fine powder by a per-
 severing Chinaman or negro, with a very,
What They Ate

47

 very tiny allowance of flour then added and
 a few lonely raisins mixed with the mess.
 Like the midshipman’s muffins, our plum
 duff was of bad after effects.

  I	recall a time when the Old Man gave
the cook orders that we should all be served,
for a change, “cracker hash”—the pork fat
actually provided by the Old Man’s gen-
erosity. Every one aboard was taken ill.
The cracker hash was at once called off. I
do not know what was the reason of the Old
Man’s sudden liberality or of our equally
sudden sickness, but I suspect that there
was some rather unusually bad salt pork
aboard which it was necessary to finish, and
which, in the eyes of a British shipown-
er, it would have been criminal to throw
away.

  Three times a week at noon we were
given salt pork and pea soup. The pork
was always boiled in the pea soup, to save
fresh water, thereby making the soup so
salt as to be all but undrinkable. The pork
was but a couple of mouthfuls apiece.
Often it was unfit for consumption. Ships
leaving Liverpool, expecting to be away
quite possibly for three years, would sail
provisioned with the cheap food procur-
able in that port.

  They would sail far, and slowly, crossing
and recrossing the equator many times.
They would voyage through all manner of
climates and return. On returning to their
home port there might be left a consider-
able amount of the old stores. Fresh stores
would be loaded atop of that old stuff,
which, when the ship was at last out from
home long enough would by and by be un-
covered and fetched out—and used as
human food. I have seen—aye, and smelt
—pork so rotten as to be nauseating.
Moreover, I have eaten that same pork.
Here I am.

  Twice a week we were given salt horse—■
said to be beef. I daresay it was beef; but
from ancient bulls indeed. If one could find
a morsel that was neither bone, muscle or
fat it was fairly good eating for a hunger-
perished young man of round twenty
years of age. On salt horse days we were
given, in place of pea soup, bean soup. The
bean soup was good, fine, excellent—or
would have been had they left out a lot of
the water and put in the beans. What
beans one could find were very nice beans
indeed—and must have been also very
nourishing ones.

  On the two remaining days we were
served Fanny Adams.

  What, you say, is Fanny Adams? No
relation to me, I hope.

  Fanny Adams was a strange, stringy
mess that came out of tall, blue, corrugated
cans. It was coiled up, rope fashion, and
intertwined and twisted, like the wet hair
of an oily, fat, black-complexioned woman
who has been in swimming without having
first washed the pomade. from her locks.
Fanny Adams was supposed to be canned
beef, I believe; but I am a first-rate and
simple-minded believer.

  Why, you ask, the name?

  Well, rumor has it that two ladies of the
underworld were long ago mysteriously
murdered in the port of Sydney. Their
bodies were never found. Their names
were Harriet Lane and Fanny Adams.
Thus on some ships the canned meat is
known as one and on other ships as the
other—Harriet Lane and Fanny Adams.

(Xp&s, EVERY Monday evening at sea
        an apprentice of each watch
        went aft to the cabin door and

      ■	• there was served out the week’s
supply of marmalade, or in cold latitudes
of butter, for himself and his messmates.
Also he received the weekly allowance of
sugar.

  The marmalade came from large corru-
gated cans, precisely similar to those in
which Harriet and Fanny took their last
long sleep. The butter, so called, came
from similar containers.

  To each apprentice, and to each sailor
also, there was, when the allowance was
portioned out, just a short half-pannikin
of marmalade, sugar or butter. This was to
last until the following Monday evening.
Of course we always made one good meal a
week—and that on Monday evening. Now
and again a lad, usually with Scotch blood
in his veins, would contrive to make his al-
lowance eke out till perhaps Thursday or
even Friday. I was always done by the
end of Monday’s supper.

  On three days a week we were given, at
noon, a minute “rooty” apiece—that is to
say, a very small loaf of fresh bread. It
was fair enough bread as far as it went: but
it went only part way through one meal.
That was on Tuesday, Thurday and Sun-
day.

  Every day, at the noon meal, we were
48

Adventure

each given a third of a pannikin of lime-
juice. This was served out as a scurvy pre-
ventive and was not served till we had been
eleven days at sea. Usually, except in equa-
torial weather, we tossed it over the side or
into the scupper. Now and then a boy would
be found who liked it, and who drank the al-
lowances of his shipmates as well as his own.

  When, at noon, the food was brought for-
ward from the galley, by the apprentice
whose turn it was to fetch the food, for we
took these things in turns, it fell to the oldest
hand in the half-deck to whack out the grub.

  The oldest hand, who was not necessarily
the eldest, but who had behind him the
longest experience, would lean over the
mess-kit and frown, knife or spoon in hand.

  The ship with which I served my time
carried eight apprentices in her half-deck—
four in the mate’s and four in the second
mate’s watch.

  The three of us who were the oldest hand’s
juniors would peer into the mess-kit also,
keen to see that in sharing out our poor allow-
ance he made not the very slightest error
in dividing the food into exact quarters. I
have heard many savage quarrels over a
twentieth part of an ounce of pork, or of
plum duff, of marmalade or margarine.
There is nothing like hunger to bring out
the old original angry cave-bear in human
beings. Many a bloody fist fight has been
waged aboard the deck of a lime juice ship
just because one apprentice thought that
he was being robbed of his due share—a piti-
ful half-spoonful of coarse brown sugar, or a
rooty not quite so large as that portioned
to his neighbor.

  This seems a shameful thing to write
about; but the truth is very often a shame-
ful thing, and all too seldom told. The
blame surely lies at the door of, not the skip-
pers of the old lime juice ships, who like
ourselves were at the mercy of the owners,
but at the door of the owners themselves,
and of a government which permitted such
starvation to exist in its merchant fleets.

  Of course there were happy times, times
when we were fed to the limit. I refer to,
especially, Christmas day.

VyHOW well I recall my first Christ-
mas at sea. We were running be-
fore a hard westerly wind toward
the Horn, bound eastward, and she
had a big press of sail set. She was boom-
ing along, the bit in her teeth, the ocean

pastures songful all beside her, and the white
clouds high above her fast mastheads.

  For dinner on that great day we were
served out all the boiled rice that we could
eat, and not only rice, but boiled beans also.
True there was no Spanish sauce or fancy
dressing, but who, at sea, in a half-deck,
cares for frills such as they? We ate to our
hearts’ content and had both rice and boiled
beans to save for supper—supper, usually
the poorest, the most hungry meal of all.

  At supper we again ate to repletion. The
ship was staggering a little, her sail almost
too much for the wind that came after her
quarters. After supper we were barely
able to sit erect, so full of beans and rice
were we. Those of us who were off duty lay
in our bunks and thanked God for Christmas.

  We recalled the old carol singing that we
had known, so long ago, when we were
younger, and sang verses of Christmas
hymns, with grateful hearts and with very
full bellies. We spoke of J the beautiful
things of shore—of the giving of gifts at
Christmas; wondering should we, now that
we were sailors, ever again be ashore at
Christmas time.

  The second mate came in to visit with
us for a little while and told us how once he
had sailed from home on Christmas Eve—
on the very night when every shop and
every window was bright with holly and
with mistletoe, and hung with candles.

  Ah, it’s a hard life, the sailor’s. The sea
takes you whether you will or no, once you
have become one of her kinfolk.

  The four of us who were on duty kept
looking out of the half-deck door, staring
aloft to the royals, which stretched their
white arches to the Cape Horn wind, won-
dering would it fall to our lot to have to
go aloft and furl those far-up sails, with
our stomachs now so filled with boiled rice
and with beans.

  That is, of my forty-four Christmases, one
of the most memorable; though there have
been many memorable ones among them.

  The wind held fair, and strong, and we
were left to our sailor’s peace until eight
bells was struck and all the crew swarmed
out upon the deck for the mustering of the
watches and the relieving of the wheel and
the lookout.

  Hard tack and moldy pork, scant plates
of soup and rancid margarine, were all for-
gotten; for we were homeward bound and
it was Christmas Day.
The Anti-Weapon Law of Charles VI

49

  It doesn’t take much of human kindness,
of human cheer, to make a man forget his
past miseries, and to make him freely for-
give whatever of injustice he has endured.
Thank Heaven for that; for, were it not
so, this earth could not go on.

  We, on those far away days, blamed our
Old Man in that we were so ill fed, so shab-
bily treated; but we were young and judged
with the quick impetuosity of youth. Those
of us who lived long enough learned not to
judge too hastily.

  It was hard when, close to the equator,
sweltering under a tropic sun, one came
away from the wheel at noon to find noth-
ing to eat but a scrap of salt pork and a piece
of hard tack, with a small plate of salty pea
soup. It was equally hard, when far south
off the desolate cape, to go from a similar
scant meal to stand for two or sometimes
three hours at the wheel in a drive of snow,

  the hurricane blasting sea and sky and ship.

  Those days are done. The day of the
sailing ship is past. We who knew those
days, those ships, look backward with
amused memories; wishing we had the same
days here to live again: for after all, hard
though it was, life was good. We were
often little but barbaric, fighting amongst
ourselves over scanty allowances of food;
jealous over a few spoonsful of soup, or of
marmalade. We worked hard, with no thanks
save the knowledge that our job was done.

\ We served the hardships of a hard nation
—the limejuice ships of Britain. We saw
an empire built upon the efforts of poor
men’s hungry bodies, held by the starved
limbs of simple people. Yet we gave injus-
tice but little thought and forgot our hun-
ger when the pay days came; laughing to-
gether, ready for the next ship and the next
voyage—the next adventure.

THE ANTI-WEAPON LAW OF CHARLES VI

                      by F. R. Buckley

THERE is nothing new under the
sun; and even anti-weapon laws
have been tried before—in 1382,
for instance. A greedy and wit-
less king of France, Charles VI, attempted
to re-impose on the people of Paris what
would now be called a sales-tax. The peo-
ple of Paris arose in their might—armed, as
it happened, with mallets. The insurrection
was quickly put down by the disciplined
forces; but, to prevent further troubles of
the kind, a rigorous disarmament law was
passed and very strictly enforced. Paris
was regarded as the pivot of the kingdom;
it must not be split by internal fighting; and
obviously—to the feeble mind of Charles VI
-—fighting would be absolutely prevented by
the removal of the inhabitants’ weapons.

  Time passed, about thirty years. A gen-
eration of Parisians arose which knew not
weapons. Then, under circumstances it is
not necessary to detail, a certain Duke of
Burgundy wished to have command of the
city. It was politically impossible for him
to take it by force of arms; but it was pos-
sible, as it would be nowadays, for him to

  engineer the election of a friend of his to the
captaincy of the city. Had all the Inhabi-
tants been armed, this move would have
been without effect; a captain can only com-
mand; and to order the whole body of the
citizenry to fight against its own interests
would be useless.

  But, under the circumstances, the Count
de St. Pol’s course was clear. One class of
citizens had of necessity been exempted
from the disarmament process—the butch-
ers. The butchers had knives, axes and
bludgeons galore—just as after a modern
disarmament plumbers would still have lots
of lead pipe, and miners plenty of dynamite.
And one class of citizens can usually be in-
duced to betray the other classes for its
own benefit.

  So the Duke of Burgundy controlled Paris,
much against the desire of the Parisians at
large, by means of a Parisian militia.

  The powerful, but unarmed, University;
and the indignant, but weaponless, pop-
ulation, protested violently But it has not
been recorded anywhere that their protests
ever did them any good.
                          imty icejnoi

Author of “Medicinal Methods.”

TIE PLAZA of Santa Clara was
filled with the rattle of rifle-fire,
and the hot, motionless air was
rank with the stench of smoke-
less powder. The little Caribbean seaport
had seen more than one battle since the
buccaneers first pounded the limestone walls
of the harbor fort to powder with their muz-
zle-loading brass cannon and then sacked
the town.

  The twin gray towers of the old cathedral
lost none of their air of drowsy repose. Don
Miguel Beola and his friends might feel that
swarthy Presidente Pelayo had fixed the last
election and that it was their duty and
privilege to resort to arms. All this meant
nothing to the cathedral, which continued
to dream of the past.

  By a bold stroke the Beolistas had that
morning managed to seize most of the city,
but the simultaneous attempt to surprize
the fort had failed. The federal garrison
had since been reinforced by some troops
rushed down from the capitol on a special
train, and had driven the rebels out of the
lower part of the city. They still clung stub-
bornly to everything south of the Avenida
del Cuatro de Junio, which runs into the
plaza and bisects the city.

  The rattle of an old-fashioned machine-
gun sounded at intervals, distinct amid the
scattering rifle shots. This gun was em-
placed in the glorieta or band-stand that
stood beside the statue of Cristobal Colon

in the center of the plaza, and was the trump
card of the Beolistas in their slow retreat.

  Richmond, the consul and young Stevens
of the fruit company watched the fighting
from the roof of the consulate. The rebels
were firing from the roofs and windows.
A dozen white-clad soldados of the federal
forces showed where the last attempt to rush
the band-stand fortress had failed. *

  •	The machine-gun was under the tender
care of a young man with fiery hair who
cursed the antiquated mechanism in mixed
English and Gaelic while he tried to elevate
the piece enough to reach the roof of the
Casino Espanol across the way. The federal
rifle fire seemed to slacken for a few minutes,
and then the doors of the Casino suddenly
opened and a close, packed mass of troops
surged across the plaza. At that moment
the machine-gun jammed, as is the way of
machine-guns. Its operator poked at it
furiously but futilely for a few seconds and
then drew his revolver as three soldados
simultaneously climbed the rail of the band-
stand. He shot the first two, but the third
stunned him with a gun stock, and the at-
tacking wave rolled on toward the barricade.

  “Well, I guess that settles their hash,”
said Richmond with a sigh, lowering his
binoculars to rest his eyes for a while. “It
seems too bad, in a way. Don Miguel isn’t
a bad hombre at all. At least he’s better
than Pelayo.”

  “Yes, they’re in full retreat,” replied

"El Carcel," copyright, 1925, by John Murray Reynolds. 5®
El Carcel

5i

Stevens nervously. “There is that chap on
horseback again; he has managed to get to-
gether some sort of rear guard. I swear he
looks like a girl!”

“It’s not impossible,” said Richmond

thoughtfully. “I wonder-”

  “That rear guard is putting up a -

good scrap,” continued Stevens excitedly.
“I swear I’d like to lend them a hand!”
“None of that, chico!” Richmond’s voice
was stern. “You’re new in this fry pan of a
country, and I feel sort of responsible for

you. You’re too - romantic. Mind

your own business and let this here war
alone.”

  Only the stubborn rear guard kept the
retreat from becoming a panic-stricken
search for shelter, for numbers of the Beolis-
tas deserted at every cross street, scurrying
away to discard their arms and appear a
little later as peaceable non-combatants.
The hundred or so that remained when the
edge of the town was reached found further
retreat cut off, and barricaded themselves
in a large house that stood by itself on a
small rise. Coronel Perez commanding the
garrison drew his lines close about the house
and waited till one of the old Krupps from
the fort could be brought to force the door.
“That is Beloa’s own house.”

  Richmond was using his binoculars again.
“Big old place, I used to know it well.
They’re fools to stop there, though. They
might hold it against infantry alone, but
Perez will have a gun there pretty soon.”
Intervening houses cut off much of the
view, and all the watchers, perched on the
roof of the consulate, could see was the
upper part of the house where the revolution
was rapidly passing into history. Occa-
sional puffs of smoke drifted from upper
windows, about three seconds elapsing be-
fore the sound of the shot came drifting to
their ears. About half an hour later they
heard the thrice repeated heavier note of a
field piece, and smoke began to curl up be-
tween the roof tiles of the beleaguered house.
The rifle fire ceased. The revolution was
over.

  As the firing died away Richmond and
Stevens left the shelter of the consulate and
headed for the Europa. Santa Clara was
rapidly returning to its usual state of sleepy,
contented quiet. Occasional bodies still lay
sprawled here and there, and in some places
the soft pastel colors of the house walls were
slashed with gleaming white where a bullet

had laid bare the limestone beneath the
paint. Ragged urchins were gathering up
the empty cartridge cases for playthings.

   The stores were opening up again, and a
corner bodega—combination grocery store
and wine shop—\vas crowded with excited
citizenry discussing the glorious victory just
won by the beloved government. Some of
those who were loudest in their rejoicing and
most outspoken in their praise of the
strategy of Coronel Perez had been in the
rebel ranks earlier in the day.

OF THE two Americans walking
by, Richmond was nearly twenty
years the elder. He was long and
lean and shriveled, his frayed tan
linen suit wrapped itself around his bony
frame like a wet sock on a stick. His skin
had that curious combination of tan and
sallowness that comes from weary years of
tropic sun and dengue fever, but his eyes
were still clear.

  Young Stevens who walked beside him
was fresh from the north, having only
arrived in Santa Clara some ten days back.
For him the tropics still held their charm
and romance. He liked to listen to the
garrison band that played in the plaza three
nights a week; he thought the dirty, narrow,
twisted streets picturesque, and the flash of
dark eyes beneath a mantilla still thrilled
him in spite of Richmond’s acid comments
upon the probability of negro blood and the
certainty of obesity after the age of twenty-
five or thereabouts.

  They found the owner, clerk, manager
and head-waiter of the Hotel Europa stand-
ing in front of his just-reopened place of
business, gazing tearfully at the splintered
remains of a number of his cafe tables that
had been used in the barricade.

  “Que pasa, Don Faustino?” asked Rich-
mond as the two sat down at one of the un-
injured tables. “Why so peeved? Didn’t
the little war suit you?”

   “Why should I not be peeved, as you say
it,” spluttered the plump Faustino in fair
English. “Look at what they do to my
hotel! Eight tables of such a splinteredness
they are useless. Many bottles and glasses
broken by bullets. My side door smashed
where the sold ados entered. Por Dios, why
should I not be triste?”

  “Slow and easy,” drawled Richmond.
“Avoid excitement, mental or physical.
That’s rule one. Forget your wrongs, Don
52

Adventure

Faustino, and bring us a couple of agua de
coco if the army didn’t use all your coconuts
for hand-grenades.’’

  Richmond turned his back on the plaza
and watched Faustino slash the ends off a
couple of green coconuts ^ith deft strokes
of a heavy knife produced from some mys-
terious hiding-place in his garments, and
pour the colorless liquid from the coconuts
into two tall glasses. The younger man
continued to watch the aftermath of battle
taking place in the plaza. Small bodies of
government troops were passing through on
their way back to the barracks, smoking
and laughing with little semblance of dis-
cipline. A few bound and discouraged
looking Beolistas were in the midst of each
group.

  “The moral of that,” said Richmond when
Stevens called his attention to the prisoners,
“is ‘Revolute in haste, repent at leisure.’
If Don Miguel had waited a month or so he
might have had a show. The army was
beginning to get dissatisfied, not having
been paid in eight months, and it might have
joined him instead of smashing him.”

  “What will they do with the prisoners?”

  “Oh, they’ll shoot a few—the leaders and
any one that Coronel Perez happens to have
a grudge against. They will let the rest
go in a few days, after the excitement has
died down and they’ve all sworn allegiance
again.”

  A squad of soldiers was beginning to re-
move the bodies from the plaza, laying them
on the floor of the Europa. Stevens had
never seen a dead man before—that is, one
who had died by violence—and the sight
fascinated him. The Irishman who had
worked the machine-gun was among them,
his face covered with clotted blood from
a gash on the side of his head. Richmond
surveyed the bodies commiseratingly.

  “Poor -,” he said. “It seems like

a-of a waste. Just because Don Miguel

Beola got sore at the way Pelayo fixed the
election and talked about justice and pa-
triotism, these pobrecitos lie dead in the
gutter. Day after tomorrow they and the
whole thing will be forgotten, and the only
difference will be a new door on the opera
house and some new tables in the cafe
here.”

  “Who is the Irishman? At least, he looks
like one,” interrupted Stevens.

  “No idea,” replied Richmond with a
cursory glance. “Probably some romantic

fool like yourself. You would have been
in this two-spot revolution if 1 hadn’t talked
to you like a Dutch uncle, young ’un. Avoid
excitement, mental or physical—that’s the
first rule in the tropics. It applies to every-
thing, even when it may not seem to. Take
the matter of taking a chance and drinking
some unboiled water. It’s the excitement of
wondering if you’ll get fever that you’ve got

to avoid there. Now, take this case-”

  “Say, look over there!” Stevens inter-
rupted the other man’s drawling harangue
upon his favorite subject to point at another
detachment of soldiers passing through the
plaza. “What do you make of that?”

  This squad was under the command of a
much be-medaled officer who preserved bet-
ter discipline than the others had shown.
In the center of the detachment walked a
lone prisoner, a girl. She wore the non-
descript skirt and blouse of a low class wo-
man of the poorer part of the city, but it
needed no second glance to show that she
did not belong in them.

  Every inch of her five and a half feet
spoke of family, good breeding and edu-
cation. She held herself haughtily erect,
staring coldly past her guards. Her clothes
were somewhat disordered, as if she had
resisted her captors, and her long hair—hair
of a particularly beautiful and lustrous
black—fell down behind. Her hands were
tied hard together behind her back with a
piece of rope, the end of which was held by
one of her guards.

  The squad halted for a moment, and the
girl drooped wearily, and closed her eyes.
Richmond whistled softly.

  “Well I’ll be -he said. “It’s

Bianca!”

  “Bianca?”

  “The one and only daughter of old Miguel
Beola himself, the hombre who started this
four flush of a revolution. If you want my
guess, I think she is that young mounted
officer you admired so much in this after-
noon’s fracas.”

  “You mean that that girl commanded the
rear guard?”

  “Yep. She has done lots of worse things
than that. You don’t know her little ways.
Take it from me, chico, Bianca is a very
unusual girl.”

  Richmond studied the bottom of his glass
as though wondering whether to say more.

  “They say she is the real head and brains
of the revolution. She certainly has the
%

El Carcel

53

empire complex, if you get me. Has a great
desire for power, and wants to rule and all
that sort of thing.”

  “Good-, she’s beautiful!” exclaimed

the impressionable Stevens staring hard at
the girl who drooped so wearily in her bonds.
“Say, old-timer, find out for me what they
are going to do with her.”

  “Slow and easy,” drawled Richmond
without moving. “Why all the rush and
curiosity? You’ll find out eventually.”

•	“Well, if you don’t go and ask that general
or whatever he is commanding her guards,
I will. I feel sorry for the girl.”

  “Look out for that feeling. It’s treacher-
ous. And stay right where you are, chico,
I’ll go.”

  Richmond drew his lanky frame protest-
ingly upright and ambled across the plaza.

BIANCA raised her head and
glanced around, moving her
bound hands in an attempt to
ease the tightness of the encircling
cords. Her eyes met those of Stevens, and
he read the entreaty in her glance. The
blood rushed to his face, and he found him-
self blushing unreasonably. He tried to
make reassuring signs, but stopped and be-
came suddenly interested in his cigar when
a couple of the soldiers noticed and began
to stare at him.

  The detachment moved on, Bianca look-
ing back at Stevens as she was lead away.
Richmond returned and told the other what
he had been able to learn. Don Miguel had
escaped into the mountains with a few com-
panions. Bianca had been caught because
she delayed to change into woman’s cloth-
ing. She was to be tried for treason along
with the rest of the prisoners.

  “And what then?” asked Stevens.

  “Oh, she’ll probably be found guilty and
sentenced to be shot sometime tomor-
row.”

  “Good-, man, we can’t let them do

that! We have got to help her.”

  “Slow and easy. I said she would be sen-
tenced, but I didn’t say she would actually
be shot. Her old man got away, and be-
sides, they have rich friends. El Presidente
will probably issue a stay of execution or
something, and give them a chance to
ransom her.”

  Further conversation was interrupted by
another voice speaking in English, a sort
of hoarse whisper.

  “Do you boys feel inclined to win the
undying gratitude of Timothy Burke?”

  The two stared at each other and then
looked around without being able to locate
the speaker. Then Stevens happened to
glance at the body of the red-headed ma-
chine-gunner and saw that one eye had
opened.

  “Yes, it’s me,” whispered Burke, moving
his lips with difficulty because of the clotted
blood. “Little Tim isn’t dead yet, not quite.
How about helping me get somewhere before
the soldados come back for my carcase?
Sure, it’s a man of your own race I am, and
a good poker player, too. I can even do
some card tricks. You’ll not be leaving
me here to be picked up and shot by a
bunch of dirty spigs.”

  Burke had not moved a muscle except for
his lips, and none of the few other people
in the Europa or strolling through the plaza
had noticed the whispered dialogue. Rich-
mond gripped Stevens’ shoulder with his
bony hand.

  “You sit still. I’ll manage this.”

  His tone was crisp and incisive, for once
Stevens saw him lay aside his habitual poise
of lazy, indolent cynicism.

  Richmond strode quickly over to a row
of battered coaches that stood in line in
front of the Casino Espanol, picked one that
had its top up, and shook the driver into
wakefulness. The coach drove up at the
side of the Europa, stopping at Richmond’s
direction directly in line with the spot where
Burke was again giving his best imitation
of a very dead corpse. Richmond again
seized Stevens by the shoulder.

  “Go out there in the middle of the street,”
he said in a fierce whisper, “and attract their
attention.- “Act drunk, or crazy, or preach
a sermon, or kill yourself, or something. But
attract their attention! Vayase/”

  Stevens walked out in front of the Europa
and began to shout and stagger around
drunkenly. Don Faustino and the few pa-
trons in the cafe glanced up in surprize a
moment, muttered “Borracho Americano
and turned away.

  Stevens realized he must do something
more startling. In his college days he had
been considered a fine cheer leader, but
there in the gathering dusk, in the plaza of
a little Central American city that had
never heard of cheer leaders, he surpassed
himself.

  He gave in rapid succession all the cheers
54

Adventure

 of his college; accompanying each with the
 regulation motions, and adding a number of
 original ones thought up on the spur of the
 moment. Not the least of these latter was
 to stamp a perfectly good Panama hat into
 a shapeless mass. Faustino and the rest
 came to the edge of the side walk to watch
 in amazement, and even the driver of the
 coach twisted in his seat and craned his neck
 to watch.

   This gave Burke his chance. He got to
 i his feet, staggered quickly over to the coach
 with Richmond’s assistance, and climbed
 into the back seat where he immediately lost
 consciousness again. Richmond climbed in
 beside him. No one had seen except the
 watchful Stevens.

   The coach was of the type to be found in
 any small Latin American city which are
 presumably manufactured second hand at
 the start. At least, a few men living have
 ever seen a really new one. It had two
 seats facing each other, and when Burke
 collapsed on the seat in the back he was
 well concealed in the shadows of the hood,
 particularly since it was beginning to get
 dark. Richmond shouted to the driver and
 the coach drove rapidly away.

   When the coach had gone from sight,
 Stevens reentered the Europa, leaving the
 wreck of his Panama in the street. He
 passed through the cafe, conscious of the
 stern glance of Don Faustino and realizing
 that his heroic measures had probably lost
 him the respect of that worthy, and climbed
 up to his room.

   He threw open the tall shutters and went
 out on the balcony for a final smoke before
 dinner. The short tropical twilight was fast
 coming to an end, the street lamps in the
 plaza were lit, and a few stars had appeared.
 A gentle breeze blew in from seaward and
 carried the deep note of some steamer
 whistling for a pilot at the bar.

   The rich-toned bronze bells of the cathe-
 dral began to peal softly, chiming with a
 rapid beat very different from the tolling
 of northern church bells. A few women in
 light dresses strolled slowly arm in arm
 around the center of the plaza and an old
 crone selling lottery tickets hobbled toward
 the Europa. An itinerant vender of yumi-
 tas—little balls of coconut meat with raw
 sugar poured over them—walked slowly up
 the Street of the Fourth of June, crying his
 wares from time to time in a high-pitched,
 droning sing-song. It was one of those mo-

 ments when time seems to stop and the
 pulse slows down and the mind is content
 to stop functioning and merely drink in the
 surroundings. The moss-covered bronze
 bells continued to chime softly.

  Stevens was possessed by a great feeling
of contentment. He felt that in spite of
cynics, the tropics had all that was claimed
for them. They had beauty, romance and
adventure. The dirt and disease and cor-
ruption were there too, but it was possible
to overlook them.

  He felt a great sympathy for the un-
fortunate girl he had seen led to captivity
or worse, sympathy of that dangerous sort
that is likely to grow into a stronger feeling.
It should be mentioned that Stevens was
really very young. Plans for her escape
began to form in his mind, vague nebulous
plans that were abandoned while still half-
formed. He wondered how old she was, if
she spoke English, what she was like. In
short, Stevens was rapidly losing that calm
aloofness so greatly esteemed by Richmond.

         s' '

     Ea STEVENS ate dinner in the Eu-
^ Sr ropa with the collector of cus-
toms who happened to be one
Larue, a Frenchman. Larue
found him poor company, silent and self-
engrossed one minute, talking excitedly the
next. Stevens finished his meal in a hurry,
declined an invitation to play vingt et un,
and walked down the Avenida Indepen-
dencia to the consulate.

  The consulate, a former private house,
was a limestone one-story building similar
to any other house on the street. Its par-
ticular color scheme was purple and green,
with fancy brown tiles set in the front wall
for a distance of about four feet up from the
pavement. The place looked deserted, but
after Stevens had knocked softly a few times
the small door that formed part of the big
one was opened by Richmond himself. He
warned the newcomer to be quiet, saying
that the wounded Burke was asleep in one
of the back rooms.

  “How is he?” asked Stevens.

  “Oh, he’s right enough. A bullet through
the fleshy part of one arm and a mere knock
on the head don’t mean much to a young
hombre as husky as he seems to be. I
washed his wounds and put him to bed, and
he slid right off to sleep.”

   “Did the cab driver see you bring him in?”
   “No. As soon as he stopped in front of
El Carcel

55

this place I sent him around the corner to
buy some cigarillos and carried Burke in
while he was away. Nearly wrecked me,
too; the young Irisher weighs more than
I do.”

  Stevens looked thoughtfully at Rich-
mond, and then grinned.

  .“How about that avoid excitement stuff
you are always pulling? Here you have
sheltered a man for whom the whole army
is probably searching right now. Is that
the ‘restful caution’ you preached to me?”

  Richmond seemed somewhat embar-
rassed. He refused to meet the other
man’s eye and began to fill his pipe. After
a pause he spoke without looking up.

  “Pues,” he drawled. “We all do-fool

things now and then. I couldn’t quite sit
there and let the soldados come along and

find out that the poor-wasn’t dead and

then complete the job. What are you grin-
ging at, anyway?”

  “Sure!” answered Stevens grinning even
more broadly. “Don’t apologize. I under-
stand. Now I have got something else for
you to do, something you’ll enjoy.”

  “Yeah?”

  Stevens was suspicious. They had come
into the patio, and he now slouched into a
chair and put his feet on the coping of the
long-dried-up fountain.

  “What is it?”

  “You are going to help me rescue the
beautiful Senorita Bianca Beola from what-
ever castle, cave or dungeon she is con-
fined in.”

  “Tell that to the rurales,” growled the
other. “I’ve been a fool once today and
that’s enough. I knew those dark eyes of
Bianca’s would have that effect on you.
They always do. I suppose you think you’re
in love with her already. They ought to
shut that girl up somewhere. She’s dan-
gerous.”

 “How do you mean?”	r

  “I mean you’ve not the first young hombre
to start feeling sympathetic and protective
toward her. She’d twist you around her
finger, young ’un. What that girl wants,
she gets. And she doesn’t give a hoot in

-how she gets it, either. Now she

wants to be the big push in this country,
so she started a war to put her old man in

power and rule through him. - help

Pelayo, with her against him! Don’t worry
about her, chico. Have a drink and for-
get it.”

  “You’re a sour, pessimistic, cross-grained
misanthrope. I don’t believe it.”

  “You’ll learn, chico, you’ll learn.”
Considering this warning as more of
Richmond’s habitual pose, Stevens laughed,
forgot it, and renewed his request. After
half an hour of eloquent persuasion he final-
ly got Richmond to admit grudgingly that
he might help if the other could think up a
plan that looked practical. Stevens was
satisfied that this meant he could count on
Richmond to see it through, and they im-
mediately went into a conference on ways
and means.

  Naturally the first thing was to find out
where Bianca was imprisoned and what was
likely to happen to her. Richmond started
off to the military headquarters in the fort
to interview Coronel Perez. As American
consul Richmond might conceivably ask
questions without arousing undue suspicion.

  Stevens was smoking and trying to make
something out of a Spanish newspaper when
he heard a noise behind him. He spun
around to find Burke in the doorway. The
Irishman was very weak, and hung on the
door frame for support, but he grinned
cheerfully. '

  “You go back to bed,” commanded
Stevens.

  “Not till I give ye the thanks of the
world’s most curious man. I mention the
curiosity so that you’ll be telling me who it
is that has sheltered me and what it is you
would be after doing with me.”

  “What do you think we intend doing'with
you?” asked Stevens with a smile.

  The other feigned deep thought.

  “Well,” he said, “if its cannibalism you’ll
find I’m too tough to be of use, and if its
ransom you’ll find I’m too poor to be of use,
and if its that you want murder done you’ll
find I’m too chicken-hearted.”

  Stevens reassured him on all three points
and again tried to persuade him to return
to bed.

  “I hope you don’t mind my asking,” said
Burke as he turned away. “But I wanted
to*be sure. I once had a man help me in
New York when some police were after mt,
and when he had gotten me safely away he
stuck a gun in my ear, handed me a bomb,
and started to march me off to blow up the
government or something. I threw him in
the river, but it made me a cautious man.”
With his fears at rest Burke went back to
bed, where he fell asleep again in spite of a
56

Adventure

slight fever from his wound. Nearly two
hours had passed and Stevens was beginning
to worry when he heard Richmond unlock
the front door. On entering, the consul
threw his hat in the corner, sat down, ele-
vated his feet to the table and reached for
the inevitable pipe.

  “Well, what took you so long?” demanded
the younger man.

  “Went first to the fort, learned that el
coronel was at, the car cel—the jail, y’know—
and chased over there. He kept me waiting

twenty minutes,-his hide!”

  “Well?”

  “Well, I saw him and inquired about
Bianca. He said she had been tried and
sentenced to be shot at noon tomorrow. I
asked him why the departure from the con-
ventional sunrise, but he only looked blank.
Guess he never goes to the movies.”

  “And then what?”

  “Then I protested in the name of human-
ity and chivalry and so on and asked for a
stay of execution because Bianca has Ameri-
can blood in her. He granted it all right,
but he made it out such a favor I’m sure he
was going to do it anyway. He wouldn’t
shoot a girl with such rich friends. Perez
is no fool.”

  “Did you find out where they are keeping
her?”

  “Yes. He even let me see her for a
couple of minutes. I found her pretty well
tired out but otherwise in good shape. She
is in the sixth cell on the upper floor. I
can spot it from the outside.”

  There was a pause, and then Richmond
spoke more slowly:

  “I think el coronel suspects something.
He’s a wise old bird, and its seldom anybody
gives him any flannel pesetas. When we
went to her cell she wasn’t fettered, but as
we left he remarked that he was going to
put her in chains tomorrow. Don’t believe
he had thought of it before. From the way
he smiled I think it was just his way of say-
ing he didn’t trust me. We have got to
look out for him.”

BURKE’S temperature was
down and he was in fair condi-
tion the next morning, but it
was decided he had better stay
quiet inside the consulate for at least an-
other day before any attempt was made to
smuggle him out of Santa Clara.

  They found him light hearted and talk-

ative, willing and able to discourse for hours
on almost any subject except himself. He
would talk of his adventures but not of his
home or origin. He also did innumerable

card tricks and other sleight-of-hand stunts,
and was even given to reciting poetry at
times.

  Once he started to sing, but after one
stanza Richmond threw a pair of boots at
him and said that he was getting old and
that his nerves were not very strong.
Burke took this in good part, evidently he
was used to having his singing received in
that manner. The other two talked him
over and decided they could count on his
help in the affair of Bianca, although they
had not as yet spoken to him about it.

   About the middle of the morning Stevens
and Richmond started out to look over the
eared, the restless Burke having sworn pic-
turesque oaths that he would keep his red
head indoors. They strolled along the
Avenida Independencia, Richmond seeming
rather preoccupied. Once he took advan-
tage of the act of fighting his pipe to glance
over his shoulder, and another time he took
a bunch of keys from his pocket and deliber-
ately dropped them, glancing back as he
stooped to pick them up.

  When they reached the plaza he sug-
gested a drink at the bar of the Europa. As
they leaned on the tall bar of light, native
mahogany, he suddenly pointed to the mir-
ror in front of them.

  “Don’t turn around,” he said quietly.
“Just look in the mirror. See that particu-
larly soiled peon in a blue shirt leaning
against the third lamp post?”

  “Yes.”

   “He has been following us ever since we
left the consulate. Guess Perez put him on
our trail. I was right about el coronel sus-
pecting something. The sooner we think
up a plan and carry it out the better. We
will have to lose that bare-footed sleuth
before we do anything else, though.”

   They drained their glasses of Bacardi and
turned away, passing close by their shadow
without a glance. Instead of heading to-
ward the carcel which was in the upper part
of the city they walked down Calle Simon
Bolivar toward the water front. Arriving
at the docks they began to walk very
quickly, circling around or dodging through
warehouses, and twice doubling back on
their tracks. At the end of fifteen minutes
of this hide and seek their peon was not to
El Carcel

57

be seen, and they immediately headed up
toward the part of the city beyond the plaza,
the quarter where the houses straggle up the
hill sides and the streets run steep and nar-
row.

  In the early days of Santa Clara the con-
vent of Santa Eulalia had been a prosperous,
thriving nunnery set on the hill side above
the town. When the buccaneers sacked the
town the more fortunate nuns fled back into
the jungles, where most of them died of the
fever. Some of them stayed, but they did
not live. The sea wolves used the roomy,
walled building as their headquarters. The
walls of the convent rocked to the lilt of
coarse ballads where before there had been
only softly chanted psalms, and the chapel
saw scenes of horror that are best forgotten.

  The buccaneers stripped the place of
everything of value and left the building
little more than an empty shell. After
this desecration, the pious citizens consid-
ered the convent unfit for further religious
purposes, and it became a barracks. For
the last sixty or seventy-five years it had
been the prison, el eared, its original purpose
almost forgotten.

  The slow tread of the jailers echoed in the
long corridors, and many civil and political
offenders disappeared behind the high, en-
circling wall and never reappeared. The
blank north wall of the patio was pitted by
the impact of many volleyed bullets, and
the dark cells of the underground tier had
held the answer to more than one puzzling
mystery of Central American politics.

  With the passing of the years the city had
extended up the hillside until it now reached
well beyond el carcel. The houses en-
croached close upon the outer walls. Along
the east ran Calle Altagracia, a bare fifteen
feet wide from the wall of the prison to the
fronts of the houses on the opposite side of
the street. These houses were mostly one
story in height, narrow but long, the front
forbidding with their big wooden doors and
two or three barred and shuttered windows,
the life of the inhabitants centering around
the long patios inside. Now and then there
was a house of a newer type of construc-
tion-two storied, with a sort of columned
portico in front.

  As the two Americans strolled slowly
along Calle Altagracia they could just see
the tops of the windows of the second tier of
cells, everything below that being hidden by
the outer surrounding wall. The street

seemed deserted except for a few children
playing in the dust and a Chinese vender of
vegetables going from house to house with
his two baskets slung on a pole; but they
were careful to avoid seeming too interested
in the prison. Richmond spoke softly:
“Her window is the sixth on this side, that
one right there. There’s about a ten foot
space between this wall and the building
itself, the sentries patrol that space. Inci-
dentally, this wall has a lovely crop of
broken glass set in mortar at the top.”

  The two men had reached the end of the
prison wall, at which point the narrow street
made a sharp turn.

  “Looks like a pretty tough nut to crack,
chico,” drawled Richmond. “Set that ac-
tive brain of yours to work. And forget
all about the main front gate, it’s too well
guarded.”

  “Yes, it looks bad,” agreed Stevens. “But
there must be some*way out—I mean in.”
He glanced around.

  “Nobody seems to have noticed us, let’s
walk by again on our way back.”

THEY walked slowly past the
s55| long gray wall of the carcel once
K5l more and then started back to
the consulate. They went in
silence, both busy on the problem, and
about half way back Stevens stopped sud-
denly.

  “I have it,” he said excitedly. “Listen!
The house directly across the street from
her cell is the two-storied type, and the bal-
cony of the second floor is right on a level
with the top of the wall. The street is so
narrow that we should be able to bridge it
easily with a couple of long planks or a lad-
der. That house was shut up and looked
as if the people were away, we ought to be
able to burglarize our way in.”

  “Carrying a couple of ladders in your hip
pocket?”

- “Don’t be a wet blanket, we can get
around that some way.”

  Richmond offered some more objections,
but finally agreed that the plan might work
if they could devise some way of getting a
ladder or some long planks to the house. It
would cause suspicion if they tried to do it
themselves, and they didn’t want to take
anyone else except Burke into their confi-
dence.

  On returning to the consulate they told
Burke of their plans and he instantly agreed
58

Adventure

to help. He seemed to find some secret
humor in the situation, and was observed
chuckling to himself at intervals. He sug-
gested that they take the chance of finding
something to use as a bridge after getting in
the house, but they decided this was too un-
certain. At last Richmond wrote a note to
a local hardware merchant, using a page
torn from a note book, as might be done by
a man in a hurry. He disguised his writing,
making it look as much like the ornate
Latin style as possible, and signed himself
“Miguel Espinosa.”

  He wrote that he, Don Miguel Espinosa,
had just rented a house in Calle Altagracia
and desired a ladder. He inclosed the
money, saying that he had called when the
store was closed, and that the ladder was to
be left on the front porch if no one was
home. They did not know whose house it
was, but the risk of its belonging to a reg-
ular customer of the merchant in question
seemed slight. Stevens carried the letter
around about noon, at which time the stores
were closed for the mid-day interval, and
pushed it under the door of the hardware
store. The plan had its disadvantages,
but they were unable to think of a better
one, and the fact that Perez was having
them shadowed indicated the need for
quick action.

  Richmond and Burke ate dinner in the
consulate, but they thought it best for
Stevens to dine at the Europa as usual.
Immediately afterwards he went over to
the consulate. He had eaten little, the
thrill of approaching danger having robbed
him of his appetite. The Irish in Burke
had made him react in the same way, but
Richmond seemed to think no more of jail
breaking than of a trip to the cine.

  They sat around waiting for it to get late.
For a while they tried to play poker, but
were unable to keep their minds on it, and
quit when Stevens threw down four kings
under the mistaken apprehension that three
deuces would beat them. After that they
simply sat around and talked. Burke told
an endless string of adventures, claiming to
have been everything from a Chinese river
pirate to a New York cop. As each yarn
was more striking, and as he could not pos-
sibly have crowded so much into some
twenty-six or twenty-seven years, the others
were unimpressed.

  About ten o’clock Richmond knocked out
his pipe, remarking that it was time to get

ready. All three put on ragged clothing
and large battered sombreros, secured that
afternoon. They could not have passed in
the daytime, but it was a good enough dis-
guise at night. Street lighting in Santa
Clara is mainly conspicuous by its absence,
and the moon was past the full.

  Half an hour later they slipped quietly
out the door. They were prepared to lose
any of Perez’ men that followed, but they
soon became convinced that they were not
shadowed. Whether this was because of
the failure of the attempt to shadow them
earlier in the day, or because of the lateness
of the hour, it was impossible to say. All
three had flashlights, and Stevens carried a
couple of coarse files and a jimmy wrapped
up in an old gunny sack. Burke had a re-
volver and a coil of light rope, while the lean
Richmond was unrecognizably fat with the
bulk of a half-dozen empty sacks wrapped
around his body beneath his outer clothes.

  They circled the plaza, where there was
the most chance of meeting some one, and
followed devious back ways toward the
carcel. No one was passed on the way ex-
cept a solitary policia, who gave them no
more than an idle glance as they went
by. At last they stood at the foot of Calle
Altagracia, the Street of High Grace. It
stretched before them like a shallow canon,
with the blackness of Erebus in its depths
and the light of a waning moon still shining
on the upper parts of the houses on the side
opposite el carcel.

  Neither light nor movement was there,
only the breeze rustling the palm fronds and
the occasional rattle of a shutter. The
thick dust was a soft, unseen carpet beneath
their feet. It was as unreal as a dream, and
the three stopped in their tracks. Rich-
mond was the first to throw off the spell,
and then he started on, the others followed.

  Ahead of them loomed the dark bulk of
the carcel. When the street intersection at
the near end of the wall was reached, Burke
stopped and leaned against the wall in the
shadow. The other two continued in si-
lence, and when they came to the house op-
posite Bianca’s cell they saw that a long
ladder lay against the front wall,
f? Stevens stopped at the house while Rich-
mond continued to the turn of the street at
the far end of the prison wall, where he took
a quick look around and then pressed the
button of his flashlight for an instant.

  Seeing this “all’s well” signal Stevens
El Carcel

59

took the jimmy and inserted the edge in the
crack of the door, prying at it and trying to
get the most force with the least noise. In
a little over a minute something gave way
and the door swung open a couple of inches.
He pushed it wide, wondering if the prison
guards could possibly help hearing the creak
of the hinges, and waited.

  Nothing moved, either inside the house or
elsewhere, so he stepped out into the street
and gave a single flash of his pocket lamp in
each direction. Burke and Richmond came
up on the run, their sandaled feet making
no sound in the thick dust.

  They lifted the ladder and carried it in-
side, closing the door after them. The
screws of the lock had been ripped loose
when Stevens forced the door, but there was
an extra bolt, and this they slid into place.

THE circling beam of Rich-
mond’s flashlight removed any
lingering doubt about the house
being unoccupied' as the furni-
ture was covered with white cloths and the
dust lay thick on everything. Immedi-
ately before them was the vestibule, cut
off from the rest of the house by a white
painted iron grille work, the gate in which
stood open.

  Beyond was the parlor, and then the
patio. The house was rather large, and the
pieces of furniture, though of tropical few-
ness, were expensive. While Burke held a
flashlight, the other two carried the ladder
out into the patio and leaned it up against
the second floor windows, this being an
easier method then trying to navigate the
stairs with it. They then climbed the
stairs and went into the front room that
gave onto' the upper balcony, this balcony
being supported by the columns of the por-
tico. Richmond peered between the slats
of the shutters.

  “The moon still hits the upper part of the
house,” he said. “We had better wait ten
minutes or so.”

  They squatted on the smooth tiles of the
floor, occasionally talking in low tones,
while Burke smoked nervously. As he
ground out a cigaret stub with the handle of
the jimmy he muttered—

  “- it, I don’t like the feel of this

place!”

  “Why not?"

  “There is somebody else in the house.”
  “Have you heard anything?”

  “Not a sound. But I can feel them.

There’s somebody here.”

  “Bunk! Irish imagination.”

  “Irish-! I can tell.”

  “Bunk.”

  “Suit yourself. I’m going to look around.”
Burke catfooted down the stairs, and
they heard faint sounds from below. A few
minutes later he returned.

  “Find anything?” asked Richmond.

  “Not a thing. I guess there’s no one
there, but this place sure feels funny.”

  They sat in silence for the rest of the
time. It was dead quiet except for the
sighing of the night wind, and they could
even hear the sentry go by in the prison
yard across the way. Richmond timed
him, noting that it was about ten minutes
before he went by again. When the slow,
lagging tread of the guard had died out for
the second time, they softly folded back the
shutters of the front windows.

  They got the ladder from the patio, car-
ried it through the house to the front, and
began to push it over the porch rail, end
first. This was accomplished without noise,
but not without difficulty. Near the end
all three had to keep their entire weight on
the short end to counteract the leverage of
the twelve feet or so that extended out into
the air. Panting and straining, they shoved
it forward inch by inch, and at last the far
end rested on top of the prison wall, fifteen
feet away across the street. The wall was
less than a foot higher than the balcony rail,
and the ladder was nearly horizontal.

  They had agreed that Stevens was the
one to cross the ladder. He had insisted
on it from the first, as the whole expedition
had been his idea, and he seemed the logical
one aside from that.

  Burke’s wounded arm prevented him from
doing anything quite so active, and Rich-
mond was well past his first youth. Stevens
thrust his flashlight into one pocket and
the two files into another, took the pile
of empty gunny sacks which had been
made up into a bundle, and climbed onto
the ladder. Pushing the gunnies in front
he crawled across, the ladder creaking
slightly but showing itself plenty strong
enough for the task.

  The ten-foot space between the wall and
el carcel itself was lighted by a couple of
smoky lanterns hung from iron spikes,
these lanterns having little effect on the
deep gloom left by the setting of the moon.
6o

Adventure

There was no one in sight, nor were there
any lights in the prison windows.

  Stevens squatted on the ladder and piled
the gunny sacks on the wall beside him,
thus forming a thick protecting pad over the
jagged, broken glass that was set in the
mortar. Climbing over on to the pad, he
began to pull on the ladder. The other
two had tied one end of their rope to their
end of the ladder and they paid out slowly
as he pulled, preventing any sudden jerk
as the end slipped off the balcony rail.
It was ticklish work, but Stevens was able
to slide the ladder across the wall till its
far end rested on the sill of the barred win-
dow of the girl’s cell. He crawled across
to the sill and listened.

  Everything seemed quiet inside the prison
except for a man muttering in his sleep in
one of the nearby cells. There appeared
to be no guards in the corridor. Stevens
called softly.

  “Miss Beola! Senorita!”

  There was no answer, and he called again
a little louder.

, “SenoritaI Bianca!”

  He heard the creaking of a bed spring, and
then a soft voice replied:

  “Que pasa? Quien es?”

  He thrilled at the sound of her voice,
rich, clear and musical.

  “We are friends come to help you escape.
Can you come to the window?”

  “No, I am chained to the wall here. Now
I know you. You are that nice young
American with the sympathetic eyes I saw
in the plaza.”

  This showed a remarkable power of per-
ception of Bianca’s part, inasmuch as it
was certainly too dark for her to be able
to see his features. As Richmond had re-
marked, she was a remarkable girl in more
ways than one.

  “I have a file here that you can use on
your chains. Will there be danger of any-
body noticing if I turn my flashlight on
you a minute, so I can see where to throw
the file?”

  “No, there are no guards in the hall-
ways!”

  Stevens wrapped the extra file in a piece
torn from his shirt and then turned on his
flashlight. Bianca was standing near the
far wall, rubbing the sleep from her eyes and
smiling adorably. What little of Stevens
affection she did not already have went out
to her when he saw that smile. He noted

the gleam of metal at her wrists, and then
the fight flashed from the slender steel
chain that joined them. He threw the file,
the cloth-wrapped metal falling soundlessly
at her feet, and immediately snapped off
the light. A moment later the soft rasp
of her file told him that she was at work on
her fetters.

THE window bars were closely
placed, and he saw that he would
have to remove three to get her
out. The bars were as old as
el carcel itself, and the coarse file bit deep
at every stroke. He passed his left arm
around one of the bars to steady himself and
filed away with both hands.

  The minutes went by, and his eyes grew
more used to the blackness. Little by little
his file cut through the bar, and the rasp of
Bianca’s file kept pace with his.

  Stevens had just cut through the base
of one bar when he heard a jingle inside the
cell and a low exclamation from Bianca.
The next moment she was at the window.

  “Are you free?” he whispered.

  “Not entirely,” she replied. “Feel!” and
she put her hands in his.

  Stevens found that she was still chained
wrist to wrist, an eighteen-inch piece of
chain connecting the steel cuffs.

  “I filed the chain holding me to the
wall,” she continued. “Now I will help
you with the bars. We can remove these
others later.”

  As she put her file to the bar Stevens saw
the sentry appear around the distant corner
of the building. They stopped filing, and
Stevens crouched motionle'ss on the sill.
Bianca slid one of her hands into his, and
he felt her trembling with excitement. The
sentry sauntered carelessly along with his
rifle under his arm. He was evidently in
the habit of enjoying a smoke on this por-
tion of his beat, and the close attention he
gave to his cigaret kept him from noticing
the ladder stretched across above him or the
still figure on the window sill.

  When the sentry had passed the two files
again began their work. Bianca continued
the whispered conversation.

  “What do we do when the bars are out?”

  “Use this ladder to get across the street
into that house. Two friends are waiting
there. We will hide you in—in the house
of one of us until we get a chance to smuggle
you out on some friendly steamer.”
El Carcel

61

  “That will be fine.”

  She was silent for a few minutes.

  “You are very brave to do this.”

  Stevens denied the accusation in a violent
and somewhat incoherent whisper.

  “Oh yes, you are!” she continued. “I
will not forget. And my friends will not
forget, for I still have friends. Friends
who had not been hunted down by that
evil-hearted vulture!”

 She spat on the floor. Stevens was
startled. This did not quite fit in with the
gentle-natured girl he had been imagin-
ing.

 “Who?”

  “El Presidente, Jose Maria Pelayo!” She
oronounced the name with deep bitterness.

  The man who is at this time president
of my unfortunate country. You are a
new-comer. You do not realize what a
fiend he is. I hate him, I hate him more
than I thought it possible to hate anybody!
I would not trust myself to see him, for I
should probably try to kill him, woman
though I am!”

  To Stevens there again came the vague
realization that Bianca was not quite the
gentle, helpless girl he had expected to find
her. Seeing her in battle should have
meant more to him than it had.

  The sentry came around once more before
they were through, and again passed with-
out noticing anything. They were nearing
the end of their task when they heard the
roar of an automobile, driven fast and with
open cut-out. It shot down Calle Alta-
gracia, turned the corner with a squeal of
brakes, and apparently came to a stop in
front of the prison gates. Whether or not
this was because the occupants of the car
had noticed the end of the ladder protrud-
ing over the prison wall they did not know.
They heard the hoarse stridency of the
motor horn, followed by the cry of a sentry
calling out the guard.

 “Quick, quick!” whispered Bianca.
“Someone has come, something is happen-
ing! Hurry!” %

  All three bars were cut through at the
bottom, and one was nearly severed at the
top. Stevens laid down his file and grasped
that bar just above the lower cut, pulling
with the combined strength of arms, back,
and legs. The weakened bar gave easily,
and Bianca took it and laid it on the cell
floor. The second bar was another matter,
and Bianca lent her strength to his. The

soft old metal gave way slowly under the
strain, and the bar bent upward and out-
ward. The corridor lights were suddenly
switched on, the glow from the door fighting
up the cell.

 “Hurry! Hurry!” Bianca whispered
again. Stevens hands were bleeding and
his vision was blurred, the terrific strain
set the blood pounding at his temples. The
last bar was the hardest, it seemed made of
tougher metal than its fellows. Somehow
they bent it enough for Bianca to slip out
onto the ladder.

  They crawled along to the wall and
crouched on the pile of gunny sacks. Rich-
mond and Burke, watching from across the
way, had seen the corridor lights go on and
sensed the danger. As Stevens and the
girl left the ladder for the gunnies the other
two hauled in on the rope till the end of
the ladder again rested on the balcony rail.
The rungs rattled noisily as they were
dragged over the jagged glass on top of the
wall, but speed was now more important
than silence.

  Bianca crawled across to the house,
slightly hampered by her chains. Stevens
gathered up the sacks, and heard a shout
behind him as some one opened the door of
the rifled cell. He ran across the ladder on
the rungs without holding on and jumped
down beside Richmond, who immediately
shoved the ladder off the rail so that it fell
clattering to the street below. The two
of them ran inside, slamming the shutters
as they did so, and found Bianca and Burke
in each others arms.

  “They told me you were dead, amor
mio1” she was saying.

  “Not a bit of it, acushla!” Burke’s
brogue was strong under the stress of emo-
tion. “Their whole - army couldn’t

kill me with you in trouble!”

  Stevens stopped short, and the joy and
excitement of adventure faded, leaving
him conscious of his torn and bleeding
hands and feeling tired and, somehow, old.
He now understood Burke’s secret mirth
when asked to do them a favor by helping
rescue Bianca.

  “For -’s sake let that stuff wait!”

snapped Richmond. “It’s pretty dark,
but they probably saw us come in here.
Our only chance is to get out of the house
before they can send a squad out the gate
and around into this street. Come on!”

  Richmond leading, they went down the
62

Adventure

  stairs at full speed and came to the vesti-
  bule grille-work. The gate in the grating
  was closed and locked.

    “This was wide open when we went up-
  stairs.” Richmond swore under his breath.
  “And it’s not a snap lock. Somebody has
  been here.”

    “I told you there was some one in the
  house,” put in Burke.

    “How about the back door, if there is
  one?”

    Stevens turned toward the back of the
  house. They crossed the patio, jerked
  open a door and stepped through. There
  came the click of a switch, and they found
  themselves standing in a brightly lighted
  room. A thick-set man in uniform rose to
  his feet, smiling with apparent cordiality as
  he covered them with an automatic.

    “Come in, senorita, and you, caballeros,”
  he said. “My house is honored by your
  visit.”

    There was mockery in the tone and words.
  Bianca was staring at him wide-eyed.

    “Coronel Perez!” she gasped. “Is this
  your house?”

    “It is that of my wife’s brother—at your
  service,” continued the swarthy command-
  ant of the garrison. “I have been expecting
  you for some time. I pass by every day
  to be sure the house is undisturbed, and the
  presence of an unexpected ladder was—how

*	do you say—food for thought. I flatter
  myself I guessed your plan very quickly.

    Stevens suddenly laughed, Burke swore,
  and Bianca glared in silence. At this point
  Stevens realized that Richmond was not
  with them, that he had not entered the
  room at all; and this gave him new hope.
  Perez was enjoying himself immensely.
  He continued in the same mocking tone:
  “You will be wondering why I allowed you
  to escape from el carcel at all. I will be
  frank with you, so that there will be no mis-
  understanding. If there is to be a ransom,
  I prefer that it come to me.” He noticed
  the blood dripping from Stevens hands.
  “Are you hurt?”

    “Nothing to speak of. I tore my hands
  a little pulling at the bars when we heard
  that auto arrive and things began to happen
  in the prison.”

   “Auto? What auto?”

    Amazement showed plainly on the face
  of el coronel, amazement and fear, but be-
  fore Stevens could answer him there came
  the crash of many rifle butts on the front

door of the house. Perez’ jaw dropped, and
he looked around wildly. The door, al-
ready weakened by Stevens earjier efforts
with the jimmy, gave way almost at once,
and the invaders attacked the inner grille-
work. Perez hurled aside the table and
leaped for the door, but Burke tripped him
neatly, saying—

  “We’re in the same boat now, my lad.”
Just as Perez got to his feet again a half
dozen soldiers led by a tall, black-bearded
man in civilian clothes burst into the room.
There was a moment of silence, and then
Perez pulled himself together and saluted.

  “I—I di<|, not know you were coming,
senor” he said.

  “So I have gathered,” replied the other
grimly. “I did not intend you to. Have
the kindness to hand me your pistol.”

  Perez was evidently considering a refusal,
but the rifles of the soldiers menaced him,
and he obeyed sulkily.

  “I learned of the plot to rescue the girl
and wished to do my duty by preventing
it myself.”

  “As to that we shall see. You are under
arrest.”

  Perez shrugged his shoulders.

  “As el presidente wishes.”

  At the entrance of this man Bianca had
started so violently that her chains rattled,
and stared at him with parted lips. If she
had been surprised at seeing Perez, she was
now infinitely more so.

  “Presidente Pelayo!” she said at last.
  He bowed gravely.

  “I have the honor—or should one say
misfortune? I take it that you are that
rebel leader of whom I have heard so much
and whom I drove down from the capitol
to see.”

  Bianca did not reply, but continued to
study him thoughtfully.

  IT WAS four days later, and
Stevens and Burke had shared a
t cell in the carcel during that
period without, seeing anyone
except the guard who brought them the
rice and fried plantains they received once
a day. Opinion about Richmond was
divided.

  “I’m telling you he got away,” Burke was
saying. “He wasn’t with us when Bianca
and you and I went bursting on Perez like
a pack of baboons.”

  “But if he got away, why hasn’t he tried
El Carcel

63

to see us or help us in some way? And
how could he have gotten away anyway?”
“As to the latter, my lad, you’ll remember
that he was still trying to open the grating
when the rest of us walked into Perez’ little
trap. It would have been easy for him to
slip upstairs when the soldados arrived.”

  “I suppose so.”

  “Sure. And as for not trying to help us,
how do you know he hasn’t? Is it that you
expect him to sing ballads] outside our
window? Maybe they wouldn’t let him
see us.”

  Conversation lapsed for a while, and then
Stevens said thoughtfully—

  “I wonder what they have done with
Bianca.”

  “Take no originality to yourself for
that, I have been doing some wondering
myself.”

  “We heard the sound of a firing squad
day before yesterday.”

  “That’d be Perez, not Bianca.”

  “How do you know?”

  “Because there was death in the eyes of
el presidente when he looked at Perez, and
there was something very different when he
looked at Bianca, the skunk!”

  “I am worried about her, though. She
seemed terribly bitter against Pelayo. As
much as said she would try to kill him if
she got half a chance. It’s a bad thing
when a woman hates like that, Burke.
She may try to kill him or something, and
you can’t tell what they may do to her.”
Burke’s position was simple. He loved
Bianca, he had joined the revolution be-
cause of her, he believed that she loved him,
and as soon as he got out he was going to
make another attempt to rescue and marry
her. This he maintained with arguments,
profanity and fists.

  Stevens’ position was a trifle more com-
plex but equally deep-seated. In his heart
he felt that he had a prior claim, as having
almost certainly loved Bianca generations
ago when the world was young. Of this,
however, he did not speak to Burke. He
contented himself with maintaining that
he had loved Bianca since he first saw her in
the plaza, and that their conversation be-
tween the bars indicated that she felt the
same way toward him.

  Sometime the next morning their cell
door opened and Richmond walked in.
Making sure that the guard who admitted
him had retired out of hearing, the two be-

sieged him with eager questions. He an-
swered some of them briefly, ignoring others
with a curious reserve.

  As they had guessed, he had been a little
behind and had not walked into Perez’
trap. When the soldiers started battering
down the door he had retired to the second
floor, staying there till things quieted
down. He had come to the carcel inquiring
about Stevens, saying that Don Faustino of
the Europa had reported his disappearance,
but they had denied all knowledge of the
young Americano. He could not do more
without incriminating himself, and had had
to be content with inquiring twice a day for
trace of the missing man. This time they
had admitted him.

  “But how about Bianca?” inquired the
other two eagerly.

  “Bianca is all right,” said Richmond
slowly, staring at the floor. “She has been
released.”

  “Hot snakes! Then all I have to do is
get out of here, find her and hunt for a
priest!”

  B urke was joyously effervescent. Stevens
regarded him sourly.

  “Yes? Try and get away with it. Our
truce is off when we get out, remember.”

  “Well, you both get out in half an hour,”
interrupted Richmond. “You’ve both been
released on condition you take the first ship
out, which happens to be the Carib Empress
sailing this afternoon.”

  “But suppose I’m not wanting to leave?”
said Burke.

  “That wouldn’t affect things in the slight-
est.”

  “But I can’t leave!” protested Stevens.
“The fruit company-”

  “The company has already ordered you to
Jamaica, at Pelayo’s request. It’s no use,
chicos, you’ve both got to go.”

  In about half an hour the gate of el
carcel opened to let Burke and Stevens out.
Blinking in the bright sun they climbed into
a coach where Richmond was already
waiting for them. A squad of cavalry
closed in around the coach and it started
down toward the water front.

  The city had the look of a fiesta, the
houses being hung with flags and flowers
and the stores being closed. There were
very few people on the streets, but when
they came to the plaza they found their
way blocked by dense, cheering crowds.
A wedding was evidently taking place in
64

Adventure

the cathedral, and even as the coach
halted at the edge of the crowd the doors
of the cathedral were thrown wide and
the drawn sabres of the military escort lined
up outside flashed to the salute. Out from
the cathedral stepped Presidente Pelayo
himself, bowing to the crowds, and leaning
on his arm, clad in the white robes of a
bride, was Bianca.

  The coach rolled on in grim silence till
almost to the water front. Finally Burke
relaxed, crossed his legs, and observed to
the world in general—

  “Well, I’m-1”

HOW THE BROWN

by Viet

WIY ARE there no Kodiak bear
on Kuiu Island, of the Alexan-
der Archipelago in [ Southeastern
Alaska? It is strange there are
none, because these enormous brown beasts
—no doubt the largest and most savage of
all living bears—are numerous on the ad-
jacent islands of Baranoff and Admiralty,
which lie dose to it on the west and north.
Probably no white man, either layman or
scientist, can give you a satisfactory answer,
but there is one man in Alaska who knows
all about it, if he can be induced to talk.

  He is an old tyee—chief of the Tlinket
tribe, who sells furs, seal hide moccasins and
curios to summer tourists. His dingy frame
shack squats on the beach at the edge of
Indian Town, where the big salmon river
empties into the head of the cove. On
pleasant days he sits in the sun like a
wrinkled bronze Buddha, his wares spread
about him, at the foot of the totem pole
which is carved with grotesque images de-
noting his family tree. He has no brown
bear hide among his stock of pelts. If you
ask for one, he will probably say in the
Chinook jargon: “Halo alta—klonas winipie.
Not just now—later, perhaps.” If urged,
and you know him quite well, he may even
tell you how the brown bears were banished
from Kuiu Island.

  Long, long ago—according to Chief
Charley—there were lots of these bears on
Kuiu. At that time there were also many
Tlinkets living on the island. In fact, al-

   Then he grinned, and slapped Stevens on
 the back.

   “Cheer up, my lad,” he said. “We’re
 both young, praise be, and the world is wide. ’ ’

   Richmond smiled a twisted smile and
 gazed into space.

   “The path to power!” he muttered.
 “There’s more than one way of getting what
 you want in this queer world. Bianca de-
 cided that the vamp was mightier than the
 volley.”

    “But she sure is one little fast worker.”

   “I always maintained Bianca was an
 uunsual girl,” said Richmond gravely.

BEARS LEFT KUIU

or Shaw'

 though it is a large island, there were so
 many Tlinkets and so many bears that
 they crowded and jostled each other be-
 yond endurance There was much quar-
 reling and fighting. Many Tlinkets were
 killed because the bears were hyas solleks—
 very angry—and they were even bigger and
 stronger than they are now. It was hyas
 nasahchie—very bad.

   The trouble grew worse. Finally every
 one on the island gathered for a hyas wawa—
 big talk—to see what could be done about
 it; the Tlinkets on one side and the bears
 on the other. As a result, it was at last
 agreed that each side should pick out three
 of their greatest fighting chiefs and the mat-
 ter should be fought to a finish between
 them; the losers to leave the island for good.

   That was a wonderful battle. It lasted
 for days, raging up and down the island and
 back and forth across it. The sound of
 battle cries and roaring echoed like thunder.
 For a long time the issue was in doubt, for
 the bears were very strong. But the three
 Tlinket chiefs were also shamans and, when
 the bears made magic, they wove spells and
 incantations.

   In the end the Tlinket medicine proved
 to be the most powerful. It at last prevailed
 over the supernatural powers of the three
 bear chieftans, and succeeded in killing
 them. The agreement was then kept, to
 the letter, and every bear swam across the
 straits to Admiralty and Baranoff Islands.
 They never came back.
H.N

ason

Aulhor of “Eye-Wash,” “Rockets at Daybreak," etc.

 CHAPTER I

 OS’ A FRENCH OFFICER

IT WAS now coming on to be dark and
I perceived to my great consternation
that the army continued its march to-
ward Hanau and made no attempt to
pursue the routed and dispirited French.

 A party of us had been combing the
woods on the side toward the mountains,
the Spessartwald, as it was called, and I had
been left somewhat behind, both because of
the trouble I had had in beating off a black
musketeer who had tried to pull me from
my horse, and the weariness of that same
beast. He had had the poorest of forage
for the last month and all this cutting and
stabbing, this hounding of French Guards
through the Main, and scouring about be-
tween river bank and woods, had wearied
him exceedingly.

  So, as I have said, seeing the army was
about to abandon the field where they had
been so lately victorious, and it being ap-
parent that by nightfall the rearguard
would have passed through Dettingen, I
turned my horse’s head toward the plain and
rode back at a slow walk to the road.

  It was then that I perceived what I at
first thought to be a man of ours, since he
came mounted from the woods, but as he
came into the plain, and the last light of the
sun was upon him for a moment, I discov-

“The Bold Dragoon" copyright 1925, by Leonard H. Nason. 65
  5

ered him to be a Frenchman, one of the
Grenadiers a Cheval by his headgear, and
an officer by the richness of his trappings.
He rode slowly off away from me, thinking
himself safe, for our army was gone, and he
had but to follow the road to Aschaffenburg,
where he would find the French, for they
had a camp there to cut us off when we
should have been defeated before Det-
tingen.

  “Now, monseer,” thinks I, “you should
have stayed holed in the woods a little
longer. As it is, you will shortly find your-
self lacking a horse, for Hugh Bancroft
of Ligoniers hath need of one.”

  Thereupon I beat upon my horse with my
sword and dug him bravely with the spur,
and got him into a shambling trot. Now
the Frenchman must have perceived me
after a time, for the failing light was at my
back and I black against it, but he went his
way in peace, for he thought to outdistance
me. He showed no hurry, nor did he seem
to urge his horse, though in the last light I
could see him turn in the saddle and the
white of his face looking at me.

  Now he was upon the plain and I upon the
road, and he thought that I could not come
up on him, but I had passed by that very
road that morning, with cannon-shot from
that same Frenchman’s guns on the far
bank of the Main humming about my ears.
When the discharge became heavy and we
66

Adventure

began to go down, horse and man, I had
looked about me for a place of refuge and
had found one, though happily had no use
for it. But it was still there, a deep ditch,
through which flowed water from the hills
down to the Main, and the Frenchman could
in no wise cross it, but must follow it along,
looking, and hoping, and cursing when he
did not find a crossing, until he should come
to where I awaited him.

  So it fell out. It grew pit dark, for the
moon was yet behind the hills, and I could
hear him muttering, and the grunting of his
horse, and the creak of his saddle housings
and the jingling of his saber and aiguillettes
some time before he came out upon the
road. Here he stopped and let his horse
blow, and so I came upon him.

  “Hold,” said I, “and yield yourself pris-
oner. Surrender in the King’s name.”

  I suppose I might have saved my breath,
for he knew not a word that I said but,
knowing that I was English, he must have
got the sense of it. Howbeit, he came at me
with a rush of hoofs and I, being all una-
ware and dumfounded to find a monseer
with any fight in him—indeed they had
given themselves up all through the after-
noon as mild as meat cattle—could scarce
put my sword in guard before he was upon
me, our horses shoulder to shoulder.

  His being a heavier horse than mine, and
stronger and better fed withall, mine went
down, and I with him, rolling over and over
in the road, my head covering over my
eyes and in fear of either a hoof through my
skull, or the Frenchman’s sword among my
liver. I was up at last, choking for the
dust, and all abroad with the darkness and
my fall, but with my sword still in hand.

  Now had the Frenchman the grace to go
off and be content with oversetting me, all
would have been well, but he was not suited
so to do, and must needs come slashing at
me in the dark. Perhaps he had the taste
of my blood already in his throat, or was
out of mind at the defeat we had given his
army, and the spectacle of the French
Guards squattering waist deep through the
Main, for which to this day they are called
the “Ducks of the Main”.

  He heard my poor horse floundering to
his feet and went that way, whence I heard
the sound of his sword questing me and do-
ing the poor beast to death. This was more
than I could stand, so that I gave a shout
and demanded of him that he dismount and

do battle like a man. This he would not do,
but turning about, came at me again.

  “Dismount!” I cried, “down upon the
ground if you have a rat’s courage!”

  Here his blade zipped by my ear, but I
gave him such a slash in return as nigh
unbalanced me. It struck his horse, and
the beast, giving a mighty bound, ran away
with his master, bolting across the plain,
the officer raging to the patient night.
Shortly I heard a cry and great floundering,
and so knew my Frenchman must have
fallen into the ditch, whither I went as rap-
idly as I might. His horse had indeed
tumbled into the ditch and the noise and
clamor of his flailing feet was so great that I
could hear no sound of the rider, whether he
cried out or not.

  “Hallo, there!” I’shouted. “Yield, and
you shall have my help to land. Surrender,
fool, your army hath retreated these three
hours.”

IT W AS I that was the fool, for
he could not know a word I said,
and my ass’ braying but showed
him where I stood, so that he
crept up to me and made a mighty cut at me
with his sword. He had come too near and
it was the hilt that struck me, and not the
blade, but I went down, all the stars in the
sky spinning before me, and standing on the
brink of the ditch as I was, I rolled into it
and was near to drown before I had the
sense to seize the rushes and pull myself
upright.

  And this greedy Frenchman, not content
that he had smitten me such a knock, and
rolled me for dead in the ditch, must hunt
up and down, and prod with his sword for
my body, that he might plunder it. I hung
to the reeds until my head had a little
cleared, and I found that I was not over-
much hint, while the officer slashed and
swore. At times he spoke aloud, but did
not shout, as I had done, lest he bring some
of my friends upon him.

  “They are far enough away by now,”
thinks I, “and have left the field and the
wounded and the dead to the kind offices of
the crows and the plunderers, and for all the
advantage we had made by the victory we
might better have been defeated, and I
wouldn’t have been brought to this pass.”
The officer had stood listening for some
time and must have heard my breathing,
for he cried out as if in vexation and cut
The Bold Dragoon

67

down within an inch of my hand. I there-
upon let go the reeds, and felt about me for
my sword which had fallen from my hand
when I rolled into the ditch. It was gone
and I could not find it, and the man above
me, hearing my movements, began to do his
best to kill me, cutting and storming at the
edge of the ditch, and slashing down the
reeds like a drain cleaner.

  The sides of the ditch were steep and I
could not come out, and when I moved at
all, were I ever so careful, I was bound to
stumble a little bit and so make a noise, and
have the Frenchman above me hewing down
at me with his sword. I began to weaken,
for it was cold in the ditch and we had been
but poorly fed since we had left Flanders,
nor had I had any food all day. I began to
perceive that sooner or later I must either
yield or be killed by this man, and I cursed
myself that I had ever set upon him.

  Suddenly I found the ditch blocked. I
was unable to tell what it was that barred
my way, until happily my hand fell on a
saddle and then a horse’s mane, and I be-
thought me at once that when the French
had first begun their attack, some of the
Austrian horses had bolted, and had fallen
into this same ditch, and that it was upon
their bodies that I had come.

  “Hugh Bancroft,” said I, “it was ever
your way to fall into a sewer in old clothes
and come out clad in a full dress uni-
form.”

  Here were saddles, and upon the saddles
were holsters, and in the holsters pistols.
Immediately then, I opened the holsters of
the saddle that was under my hand and
drew out the pistols that I knew very well
to be loaded, for the Austrians had run at
the first onset and had not fired a shot.

  “Come on, monseer,” I called, “here is an
end to this coil.”

  I climbed upon the horses’ bodies to await
him. He came rapidly, without further
urging, perhaps thinking I had surrendered.
I disabused his mind of that, for when he
halted very near to me and called out, I
fired a pistol so that the flash would show
me where he was.

  He was not a foot away, right at my hand
on the edge of the ditch, his eyes blinded by
the flash, and a great sword held aloft
ready to cut at me the instant he located me,
so I let off the second pistol into his body
and had the satisfaction of hearing him go
thudding to earth. Before I went out, how-

ever, I hunted about for more pistols, but
found only one set of holsters above water,
that had in them nothing but two bottles of
wine.

  So I went out and found my Frenchman
and having taken his sword out of his hand,
I found it to be a very good one. This man
had been an officer and his uniform was
most gorgeous, with buttons of gold, which
I took, and a jeweled gorget, which I also
took, together with a watch as big as an
apple and sundry rings and what-not, so
that the plunderers should not have them.

  Then, belting his sword about me, I set
out toward the road, and turned my face in
the direction taken by the army, a little
weary and sadly hampered by my heavy
boots. I bethought to search about for my
horse, and found him lying dead, so I re-
moved my valise from behind the saddle, in
which I had a shirt or two, and some small
things of necessity, and then proceeded once
more.

  I had gone upward of a mile, and was
looking off toward the swamp, where a
great many wounded, both our own and the
French cried for water, and I was think-
ing what an ill thing it was that the victors
of this field should not even care for their
wounded, when a voice hailed me in a
tongue that I did not understand.

  Accordingly I came to a stand, and kick-
ing the heel of my scabbard about, lay hand
to the hilt of my new sword and stood ready
without answer. He that had hailed was
on the side of the road toward the river and
must have several companions, for I could
hear their horses stamping and snorting.

  “These are French,” said I, speaking to
myself, “come to prey upon our wounded or
stragglers, or else they are Austrian hussars.
And if either one, then there is a trying of
this new sword.”

  The Austrians, though they had been our
allies, were none too well thought of, and
there had run a cry about the army toward
the latter part of the day, that certain of the
Austrians had set upon the Duke of Cum-
berland and had pistoled him, so that he lay
near death.

  If they were French, then we must have a
fight with them, for no man of the Black
Horse, officer or soldier, nor even any horse
of our regiment, had yet been taken alive by
the French, and I was not minded to be the
first one. Howbeit they made no further
move nor challenged me again, so I moved
68

Adventure

on. At once, hearing my feet on the road,
they came at me; a gust of hoofs.

  I had out my new sword and with it pro-
tected my head, but they were all about me
and it was only because they were many and
the night still dark, that I was not killed at
once. I spitted one of them upon my new
sword and heard him scream, but at the
same instant I felt a blade sliding under my
arm and the next moment a blow on my
shoulder, that I judged was some one’s foot
striking me. I swung about and gashed a
man’s leg and running under a rearing horse,
thrust upwards at his rider and so into the
ditch, and found myself in the swamp.

  Here I knew I was safe, for they could not
come after me mounted, and let them come
on foot as many as they would I would be a
match for them. One did essay to leap his
horse over the ditch and straightway
floundered in the marsh, where I came upon
him and knighted him into the Order of the
Cloven Skull.

  Then, as I turned about, my legs let
down from under me, and I fell into the
water of the marsh, and such was my weak-
ness, that I was forced to drop my sword,
and crawl still farther into the rushes where,
finding a little piece of solid earth in the
midst of water and mud and flags, I lav
down upon it.

  “Blood of my teeth,” muttered I, “I am
done down.”

  And then I remembered the blow on the
shoulder. I could not find the wound, so
that I knew it must be in my back, nor
could I tell where it was from the pain, so I
lay back and wondered if I should be found
or die in the marsh, or if I slept until day-
light, would I have the strength to continue
after the army. Here I bethought me that
the army must be miles away by now and
that the French would be pouring back, and
that my least fate would be to be taken by
them, but beyond this thought I did not go,
for the stars swam and the ground swayed,
and I lost 'what Ettle sense I ever had.

THIS battle of Dettingen had
been a sad victory; indeed the
campaign had been a sorry one
from the beginning. For up-
ward of a week we had been eating nothing
but black bread and for two days before the
battle had eaten no food whatsoever. Our
magazines were at Hanau, but the French
were between them and us, and our pillag-

ing upon the people had made them drive
away all their cattle into the hills. My
boots were through to the ground, so that
my stirrup iron rested against my bare foot,
and not a palm’s breadth of my uniform but
had a patch or a sewed tear upon it.

  Meanwhile the French appeared in
strength, and it seemed that nothing could
save us from the most shameful and horrible
disaster. Howbeit, at this moment our
good King George arrived in person and
took command, so that we plucked up our
hearts and put on a review for the king and
his son, the Duke of Cumberland, who had
been our commander, that was as good as a
man would care to see in a year’s journey.

  Now then, having renewed our courage,
though not broken our fast, we determined
upon battle, and to move up the river to
Hanau, where our food and clothing were;
let the French stop us if they dared. Ac-
cordingly, leaving our fires burning, we set
forth, but the French had their eye upon us,
and no sooner had it come day than their
batteries across the river began to play upon
us, and the cavalry being upon that flank,
the guns wreaked terrible destruction.

  We were in sorry straits, for we were on a
narrow plain bounded by the Spessert Hills
on one side and the river on the other, and
there was no room for the proper maneuver-
ing of our army. Moreover, our baggage
was between the two parts of the column,
and the cavalry which was in the advance,
could not retire, but must stand the brunt
of the enemy’s artillery from the far bank,
or else fall back all among the wagons and
redouble the confusion there.

  However, the wagons were finally drawn
forward to a wood, and the foot got into its
position somehow, and the battle joined.
The advance of the French cavalry forced
their guns to cease firing and we, having
beaten off some of their attacks, began to
have more hope.

  I had been side by side with one Nick
Dashbaugh, who was my corporal, and we
had trotted about and shot off our pistols
and cheered and halloed ourselves hoarse,
and hoped that we would not get the order
to charge, for if we did, our horses would un-
doubtedly fall dead, they having had so
little forage. In the shank of the morning,
however, the French Maison du Roi, their
finest cavalry, made an onset upon our left,
where was only two squadrons of Blands, and
we received an order to go there hurriedly
The Bold Dragoon

69

from the right, which we did, as fast as
might be.

\ “Have a care,” said Dashbaugh, beating
his horse with his sword to get him into a
trot. “We must skirt the morass to get
there, and an unwary rider may fall into it.
Curse this horse, the crows would have had
him long ago, only no crow with any respect
for name and family would so much as stoop
at him.”

  In this state of affairs, when the balls
were rushing about, and whole ranks going
down like swaths of corn before them, the
French cavalry and Grenadiers & Cheval,
with great howling of trumpets, moved out
and bore down upon us to crush us. There-
upon the French batteries across the river
ceased firing.

  “Now then,” cried Dashbaugh, who rode
at my side, “if the batteries beyond the
swamp will but quit, we will have a breath-
ing space, and give those fur-topped French

a good account to take home, - their

livers! What would I give for a good ball
of Rhenish!”

  “Split me!” I cried, “their infantry have
appeared! Why they spring from the
ground like Jason’s teeth!”

  “Spring from the ground!” shouted Dash-
baugh. “There is a ditch there! They
have been in the ditch! Now is the Philis-
tine delivered into our hands. Death of my
life! See, they meant to lay us by the
heels between the river, morass and ditch,
and now their own folly tripped them by the
neck!”

  Here the trumpets began to blow and we
bore down gaily upon the French horse, but
they outnumbered us by a good deal, and
their horses had been fed with regularity, so
that they would respond to the spur, which
ours would not, and the upshot of it was
that they received our charge, and charged
in turn upon us, and overthrew us, and
hounded us with whoop and hallo down the
river bank, whither we had taken our
bloody noses.

  Two of the French, Hussars of Berchiny
by their green dolmans, set upon Dashbaugh
and would have done him down save that I
came up at the moment and split one of
them Ito the chin, and the other fled,
whereat we set out once more.

  “Draw rein, draw rein!” called Dash-
baugh, after a time. “They have checked,
hold up now, let’s not flee like the wicked
when no man pursueth.”

 “We have come upon them from the
wood,” said I, pointing with my sword to
where the red lines could be seen at the
bottom of a cloud of smoke. “My Lord
Stair and the Duke have brought some order
out of the foot and we may give them a
stand yet.”

  So it went for some time, the French at-
tacking with success and anon hustled back
again. My own regiment had now a chance
to reform, which they did, and joined by a
squadron of the Third, we formed fine and
loosened our sleeves for another go at the
monseers. Our foot now debouching from
the wood upon the French left, the French
began to give ground, and we could see them
running by two and threes, out of the smoke
and toward the village.

  “They are the Guards,” cried Dashbaugh,
and away we go to prod them!”

 Away we went indeed. As for me I
could not tell what regiment it was that was
breaking, my sole interest being to spur or
club or induce by any means the crow-bait
that I rode to a trot. As for a gallop, I
well knew it was beyond him, he having
done all his galloping for the day in saving
me from the French after our first onset.

  The rest of ours were in no better case, so
that we arrived upon the French, some at a
walk and a few trotting, but none at the
headlong rush at which a charge should be
pushed home. Nevertheless, the French
guards broke in all directions, throwing
away flag, gun, pike and spontoon, and
taking to their heels into the Main, which,
being not over breast deep, they crossed
with a great showering of mud.

  We went for them and slashed them and
held their heads under water, and had a
merry time of it after all, until some of the
Gray Musketeers came to their assistance
and drove us away again. After that we
went far down the road, and coming up on
the other side, swung in through the woods
after the guns there and spent the rest of
the day in harrying the French that we
found there.

SO THE day was lost to the
French by the moving out of
their foot from the covered way
■when the time was not ripe, and
their own guns were masked thereby. So
having driven the French from our road the
army went forward to Hanau, instead of
pursuing, for which we have been taken
70

Adventure

severely to task. The truth is, however,
that, horse and man, we were near starved
to death, and could scarce stand, and the
one thought in our minds was to get to
Hanau, where there was food. Thither the
army arrived safe and sound, and so should
have I, save that I stayed for loot and was
so foolish as to pursue the grenadier officer,
and so caught a fall.

  Now the army had gone away in such
haste, being hungry, that they had taken no
thought for the wounded, which duty the
French took upon themselves, but I was in
a swoon, and so was left for dead, and when
I came to myself and heard the French
searching I made no outcry, for I thought
them to be plunderers, who would slit my
whistle for me.

  So I lay in the marsh, now myself and
now in a swoon, until the second day, when
a party of our own who, having fed, drunk
and slept, had come back to see if there was
anything valuable upon the field, found me
and carried me to a cart and so to Hanau,
and I thought to have died fifty times upon
the way.

  We stopped at last and the men coming
around to the rear of the cart, we were lifted
out and laid down upon the stones of an
inn yard. The galleries around became
thronged with people and a great crowd
clustered about us, holding their children
up to see the wounded Englishmen.

  There were six of us from the cart and
they began to carry us across the yard, head
and feet. Finally it came my turn and be-
seeching them not to leave my sword behind
and to be easy of my shoulder, I was borne
away. I had no doubt of the place they
were taking me to. My nose was guide
enough. Some straw had been spread on
the floor of the stable and here we were laid
down, our only light the flickering lanthorn,
which was tied up outside the door lest it
set fire to the straw if brought within.

  “Here,” I called out weakly, “some one
fetch me the surgeon, I want a word or two
with him.”

  There was no answer. When they came
in with the fourth man I repeated my re-
quest.

   “Surgeon bean’t about,” said one of the
great louts. “Can’t zee un ’.til marnin’.”

   “Listen, ass,” said I, “fetch me an of-
ficer or some man of authority. I am
not a man to be left to die in a cow
byre!”

  “Can’t zee un ’til mamin’,” said the man
patiently.

  Here, had I the strength, I would have
cursed that stone-headed grenadier to the
tenth generation, but as it was, I lay back
until my head stopped swimming. When
my sight cleared I beheld a man looking me
very intently in the face.

  “I have some skill in surgery,” said he,
“what is it you wish?”

  “Be-to the surgeon and you, too,”

said I. “Are you English?”

  “No,” said he, “be ■—— to you for a
whining platelick, but I thought I might
lend you some help, hearing you bleating
for a surgeon.”

  “Well, I want no surgeon, only a clean
bed, and I have the wherewithal to procure
it.”

  “In that case,” said the man, “I can se-
cure you one and a very fine one, too.”
“Have on then,” I cried, “and get me out
of this midden!”

  The man went away and presently came
back with a shutter and two ox-faced Ger-
mans, with whom he conversed as easily in
their own tongue as he had with me in En-
glish. They hoisted me upon the shutter
and we went out of the yard and down a
street, and after some turning and twisting,
during which I swore profoundly, though
the bearers were at great pains to make me
comfortable, we arrived at a house, and up
stairs. Here the man halted the bearers,
and coming close to me, looked at me by the
light of a candle.

  “You spoke a while since of payment for
better lodging,” said he, “and I would like
to make gentle inquiry as to the extent of
your funds at the present moment, before
you dirty my clean sheets.”

  “I would see you in flames first, you
harpy,” I replied through grinding teeth.
“You have my word and will not lose a
penny by me.”

  He spoke to the bearers and they turned
about to go down the stairs with me. When
they had come again to the house door I
called to the owner of the house and in-
quired of him whither I was being taken.
“Back to the inn,” said he.

  There being no other thing to do, I put
my hand very painfully into my pocket and
took out one of the French officer’s rings,
which I offered to the man. He held it very
cautiously to the candle light and turned it
over and over.
The Bold Dragoon

71

  “Very well,” said he at last, “this will
do.” And he made a sign to take me back
to bed.

  “Return me my ring,” said I.

  “It will hardly do for the length of time
you will be here, judging by your wound,”
said he, putting the ring on his finger^ “but
when its value hath been eaten out, I shall
call upon you again.”

  I swore a little bit here, but, growing
weaker with each word, I was fain to cease
altogether. While the men who had car-
ried me were cutting off my boots and re-
moving my torn and muddy uniform, the
man of the house spoke to me again.

  “My name is Gulf,” said he, “a surgeon,
and well thought of hereabout. Now if you
wish me to care for you I will—for a price,
of course—and if not, say so and have done,
and your regimental surgeon may help you
to your grave, which is all that may be ex-
pected of one who can command no greater
salary than a guinea a week.”

  I made a sign that he might have the care
of my wound, whereat he grinned' and,
going out, returned with basin, napkin, and
divers other things. Then I was put to bed,
my wound, which was a deep one under the
shoulder, was washed, I was bled, and a
fever coming upon me, both from the weak-
ness of my body, having had insufficient
food for so long, and having lain in the
swamp, I was very ill and for a long time
thought the-would have me after all.

CHAPTER II

OF WOUNDS HEALING

1LAY on my back for a long time, upward
of a month, and at last I began to have
the better of the fever, and could get out of
bed and sit by the window. The house was
on a mean street in the lower part of the
town, and there was little enough to inter-
est a man looking from the window.

  The window of the house opposite was al-
most near enough to touch, but the room
into which it opened was a garret, filled with
hides belonging to the bootmaker who
owned the house. Farther down was an inn,
from whence at all hours came a raucous
cry that had disturbed my slumbers many a
night, but which I now discovered to be the
cry of the maid of the chamber. Hearing
the call one morning when I sat at the win-
dow, I looked out and perceived a wench

leaning from an upper window of the inn,
then out with a great bucket full of water
into the street, dousing a countryman and
his cattle in right royal fashion, whereat the
countryman cursed her to the stars, but
had nothing for a reply save the banging of
the window.

  After that, when I heard her cry, “Look
out below,” as I conceived it to be, I would
listen and often hear the cursing of the
passerby who had been drenched.

  There was another amusement I had,
watching the passing of a cart that dripped
black liquid into the mud of the way, and
slopped and splashed and bedewed all that
was near it. I had many a laugh to see the
voyagers in the street take to the shops and
doorways tol escape the cart, and often
enough its liquid mud found them in their
retreat, and they raised long wails and spoke
their minds freely, which made me regret
that I had not the German, so that I could
understand what they said.

  Now when I was well enough to become
argumentative I demanded of the man Gulf
where were my clothes.

  “They were burned,” said he. “They
were all mud and blood and full of I know
not how many noxious vapors, so we had
them burned. I have other clothes for you
when you are able to bear them.”

  “Did you find anything in the pockets?”
I asked, looking at him carelessly.

  “Nothing,” said he, “but some moldy
bread and a pistol bullet or two.”

  “You lie!” I cried. “There was a watch,
jewels, and the gold buttons and silver gor-
get of my dress uniform.”

  “Um!” grunted he. “I did not find them.
Some one had been in your pockets before
you came here.”

  “That I might have believed, except that
you will remember I got out a ring to pay
you, you being in great fear lest your sheets
be dirtied by a penniless man.”

  “Well,” he muttered, “what of it?”
“Now, look you, Doctor Gulf, you have
saved my life, perhaps, or perhaps you have
done what you could to kill me, but our
troops are still quartered here and a patrol
passes this window on the hour. I have
known men hanged for a small trifle such as
this, and so will you be, if I cry out to
them.”

  “For a man whose life hath been recently

saved, you are a - ungrateful viper,”

replied the doctor. “I am no thief, your
72

Adventure

jewels are safe enough. You may have
them and your cursed long sword and cram
them down your throat for aught I
care.”

  He then went out and presently returned
with the jewels and buttons in a little bag
and my sword’ with its belt wrapped
about it.

  “I thought you were an Englishman,”
said the doctor, watching me from the cur-
tain of his eye, “but you must be French.”
“How so?”

  “Why, these buttons that you say are
from your dress uniform are French but-
tons, of that regiment known as the Grena-
diers a Cheval.”

  “That may be,” said I, not having, any
other reply.

  “I have a friend,” went on the doctor,
“who will not only turn these buttons to
gold money, but the jewels as well, and
that great globe of a watch you have
there, which I doubt is of little use to
you.”

  I told him that I did not care to sell them,
for I knew very well I would not get a quar-
ter of their real value. So then he grinned
and put back the little sack of buttons and
other things, and going toward the door,
caught up my sword and made to go out.
This, however, he could not do, for I had
him by the neck, weak as I was.

  “How!” I cried. “How is this? That is
my sword, noble doctor. Put it down!”

  He squeaked under my hand and dropped
the sword.

  “Hi!” cried the doctor, “an assault! An
assault on an honest citizen. He hath laid
hands on me, me that saved his life. The
provost shall hear of this, my fine dragoon!
The provost shall hear of this, and a fine
young man be drummed from guard to
guard and beat upon the back for it!”
“Out!” I said, taking up the scabbarded
blade and laying it across his back. “Doc-
tor you may be, and my life you may have
saved, though I have my doubts of it, but
you have been well paid for it and he that

touches my sword is in peril of-’s fire!

Now out!”

  So he went out and I, what with excite-
ment and exertion, fell back upon the bed
and the fever returned again, so that it was
a week before I got out again. But all the
while I kept the sword in bed with
me, so I was much easier in mind than
before.

IN A day or so the doctor brought
me some clothes, a very modest
suit of black, which I put on, and
was for going to the part of the
town where the troops were billeted, but I
was too weak, and could not go beyond
the end of the street.

, Here I stopped and sitting down upon a
doorstep, drew my sword and examined it,
for this was the first time I had had an op-
portunity to test its balance since I had
found it. It was a very fine blue sword,
made by one Picinino, according to the
name on the blade, and of the pattern used
by the French horse. The hilt was of
basket work, inlaid with silver, with a most
excellent covering for the wrist and hand.

  The sword was quite heavy and broad,
more so than our sword, but the balance
was excellent, and it was not difficult to
wield. I had never seen a weapon of this
pattern before so closely, though there were
one or two in our army, come by in the same
manner as mine. These swords are also in
much use in Scotland, whither they were
first taken by members of the Scotch Archer
Guard, and then I believe the Clans were
armed with them by the French in the
Fifteen. Indeed a very fine sword, so fine
indeed that my good Doctor Gulf would
have stolen it, had I not seen him in the act.

  Thus thinking, I turned back to the
house, but coming near the door, I happened
to note the great boot that hung over the
shop opposite and to remember that I was
without boots, mine having been cut off me,
and being well nigh ruined anyway. Now
was a time to have some made so that by
the time I was well enough to rejoin, 1
would be properly prepared.

  With this in mind, I went into the boot
shop and having made clear to the boot-
maker what I wanted, we went together to
his loft, so that I might have my choice of
leathers. It was hot there, and the smell
of the leather making me faint, I stepped to
the window to breathe a bit of air. His
window was right against mine in the house
opposite, and there I beheld the doctor and
another man, an ensign of Handasyde’s
regiment, deep in conversation. Some of
it I could hear and other parts of it I lost,
but the ensign urged and the doctor shook
his head.

  “I will not have it,” said the doctor. “I
have now a great ass of a dragoon here in
this house that I thought would have died
The Bold Dragoon

73

long ago, but he is still alive and insolent,
and while he is here I will be no party to
such a plan.”

  The ensign thereupon muttered some
more.

  “Ah, and is that so!” cried the doctor.
“Is it true indeed? And when? This day
week? Ah, say you so indeed, say you so
indeed!” He chuckled to make the blood
run cold. “Aha! Come again to me, my
merry viscount, we shall do business on
this day week. We shall have an affair this
day week, I assure you. We will have a
sticking of pigs to delight you.”

  Then they went down and shortly after-
ward I saw why they had gone up into my
room, for some four or five men came out
of the house and went up the street, their
heads very close together, and still bob-
bing, as if they continued to talk.

  The bootmaker now touched me on the
shoulder and led me to where he had laid
out some fine hides, but I har^11 ther things
on my mind than boots, so stmade some
excuse and gave the man a ^ in. Then I
went into the street.	^

  “This day week,” I mutte^i. “This day
week. Now what will hapre 1 then?”
Whatever it might be P^new it boded
me no good, or the doctor^ ad not been so
overjoyed. I went down fa ;he tavern, hop-
ing to find some soldier there, but there
were none, for it was th-tenour for exercise,
which made it all the faPinger that an offi-
cer should be in the h^ie across the street.
I was forced, therefo,ct' to linger about un-
til the patrol came ^Y’, when I asked them
if there was any n^4s of the camp, explain-
ing that I was an asvalided dragoon.

  “We move,” f they, “this day week.
This order of ma?0h is out.”

  So the army was to move! What then
would become of me? I was so weak that
it was as much as I could do to walk from
one end of the street to the next, so it was
clear that I would be unable to march with
the troops. I went back to the house and
having eaten a meal of meat for the first
time in as long as I could remember, and
had some wine into my stomach, I plucked
up heart.

  That very afternoon an officer came to
the house with a great scroll on which the
names of the wounded who were quartered
in the town were set down, and having
pricked off my name thereon, he inquired of
Doctor Gulf if I would be able to march.

  “Not he,” said the doctor, looking very
sternly at the officer. “I have had the care
of many a wounded man in my hands, and
sick ones, too, but he is as doubtful a case
as I have seen, I promise you. The wound,
see you, being of three needles’ depth, and
the fever on top of that, all after a poor diet

and the inaction of a fixed camp-”

  “Enough!” said the officer, “he shall be
set down as unable to go. This is hot work,
to dry the marrow out of a man’s bones.”
The doctor thereupon set out some wine,
so good that it surprized me, and the officer
having bounced his against the back of his
throat, he went his way.

  I gathered my strength very rapidly now
and began to go out much more each day.
The army marched away, horse and foot,
and I was exceedingly lonely after they had
gone. I was going back to the house after
watching the last victual wagon out of
sight, when I bethought to step into the
tavern near-by my house and have a little
something for my nerves.

  There was a window there built out from
the wall, that commanded the street, and
from it one could see the door of the doctor’s
house. Seated in the bow window was a
man in gray clothes, watching up the street
with great intentness. He looked at me
startled as I came in, but seeing I was in
citizen’s attire, he greeted me in German
and went back to his watching of the street.

  I sat down and had me a glass and looked
from time to time at the man in the bow
window. Suddenly he jumped up and seiz-
ing his stick from a corner, dashed out. I
went myself to the window to see what had
excited him. Three men had just come
from the door of the doctor’s house and
were walking away. The man in gray hur-
ried after them but when he came to the
door, turned sharp and went in, and I could
hear the door slam after him.

  “Ah,” thinks I, “here is robbery or some-
thing worse,” and thinking of my good new
sword, which I called the Picinino, after its
maker, I dashed in pursuit of the man in
gray.

THE house door swung open to
my touch, and there was the doc-
tor and this man in gray, their
heads already together across the
table. There was a candle between them,
for it was already growing dark and by the
light of the candle I had a very good sight
74

Adventure

of the gray man’s features. He was the
Handasyde ensign that I had seen in my
room the week before, when I had been in
the bootmaker’s garret. He and the doctor
looked at me like two dogs caught in the
henhouse, and so struck were they that they
could give me no greeting. I mounted the
stairs to my chamber and took the Picinino
from its hook on the wall.

  “This,” quoth I to myself, “is the last
time that I go abroad without my sword
about me. There are too many thieves
about to either steal this sword while I am
gone, or to cut my throat if I go upon the
street unarmed.”

  Then I set down the sword against the
edge of a chair and looked out into the
street. It was very quiet now that the army
was gone and I was quite lonely and cast
down. It was clear to me that I would not
be able to fight any more that summer, and
by the time I was fully recovered the army
would be again in winter quarters. Mean-
while I must live on the Frenchman’s jewels,
and when they were gone I had no idea of
what I should do.

  Suddenly there was a crash. I had out
the sword and leaped half across the room
at the sound of it and then I espied a great
stone still rolling across the floor, that must
have come through the window that I had
still left open.

  “Some one will smart for this,” I mut-
tered, running to the window and looking
cautiously out, lest I get another stone be-
tween the eyes.

  Across the street, before the boot shop,
was the man in gray, looking very anxiously
up at my window. No sooner had he seen
my face than he made a gesture of silence
to me, and pointed to the inn. By this I
understood him to mean that he had some-
thing secret to communicate to me and that
he wished me to meet him at the inn.
Thereupon, very mystified, I nodded, but
he held up eight fingers, by which I under-
stood eight o’clock, so I nodded again, and
he went away, waving his hand.

  I was at the inn at the hour named and
long before, but little good it did me. I
heard the clocks all about the city booming
and still no man in gray. I began to wonder
if it had not been a ruse to get me from the
house, but it would avail them little, since
my jewels I had upon me and my sword
about my waist, and as for the few things
in my valise, they were welcome to them.

  However, the man in gray came in at
that minute and seated himself before me
at the table with a smile, being a little out
of breath from rapid walking or running.
He panted a little and took snuff, and
ordered something to drink, while I won-
dered what an ensign of Handasyde’s wanted
with me and what he was doing behind the
army and in citizens’ clothes, being neither
wounded or sick, for I had seen him in his
uniform a bare seven days before.

  “I suppose,” began the man in gray,
“that you wonder why I have brought you
here. I would have told you before, even
this afternoon, but I did not know you were
English, nor did I know that you were a
wounded dragoon until today when the doc-
tor there informed me. By the nails of St.

Andrew, but he is a-1”

  “I have thought so myself,” I answered,
“but he has cured me of my wound, and I
must be grateful to him for that.”

  “Aye,” said the other absently, chewing
upon his fingers like a man undecided what
to do.

  “Well, what is your pleasure with me?”
I asked, after he had sat for some time in
indecision.

  “I am trying to come at it,” he answered.
“You say this doctor has cured your wound.
Well, he is like to give you another one that
will be quite incurable.”

  “Ha! How so?”

  “Listen! You have marked that his name
is Gulf, and that he speaks English as well
as any man. Also that he professes to be a
doctor. Well, so he may be, but that is not
all. He is an agent for Jacobites and he

lives here, making a living-knows how,

but mostly by forwarding money and help-
ing this one and that one out of the coun-
try and selling news of the British army to
the French. One expects to find Jacobites
in France and in Italy, but not in Bavaria,
and so he is the more dangerous. And
among doctors, men can come and go at all
hours, and in numbers or singly, and no
one will think it odd.”

  “But what has this to do with me?”

  “I am coming to that. I was desirous of
borrowing some money from the doctor,
that is in a way of speaking, but he would
not lend it me. I was in desperate straits, I
warrant you. By the bones of Paul, but I
was in need of money! He would not listen
to me. Well, after I had run myself dry—
the--strike him blind—he suggested to
The Bold Dragoon

75

me that in his upper chamber lay a dragoon,
that he had expected to die, but that had
gotten well. You see he probably brought
you to the house, thinking you had means
that would fall into his hands if you died.

  “ ‘Now this dragoon,’ says he, ‘is a most
unmannerly, cursing, ungrateful fellow, a
true damme-boy, quick to take offense, and
overready with a great sword that he car-
ries about with him. Then,’ he continues,
looking at me very wise, ‘this dragoon has
about him quite a store of jewels and such
which, if I could induce him to part with,
might go far toward making up this sum
that you wish to borrow.’ ”

  “I suppose,” said I, “that he was to keep
me indefinitely in his house under pretext
that I was too weak to travel and meanwhile
possess himself of the jewels one by one
under pretext of taking room hire and his
fee for caring for me.”

  “Ah, no,” said the viscount, “that would
have taken too long. No, the doctor had a
better plan than that, which was that he
and I were to lay in wait for you, that a
dispute would be begun, and that I was to
put a foot or two of steel through you, he
standing by to witness that I had but
defended myself.”

  Having said this, the man in gray smiled
and had himself a drink, while I sat with
open mouth, the back of my neck cold at
the thought of such treachery.

  “A very fine plan indeed,” I cried finally,
“except that I am not the man to let any
one put steel into me, simply because he
hath a desire to do sol’

  “Umm,” said he, “but you are something
weak from your wound and the doctor was
to. stand by with a bludgeon to caress your
skull with in case you proved obstinate.”
“And your need for money was so great
that you were willing to do murder for it?”
He laughed and made a grimace, waving
his hand in the air.

  “Have I not told you the plan?” said
he. “Have I not shown you the snare in
your path? Does that look like murder?
And yet the need of money is very great
with me, very great indeed.”

THEREUPON, feeling a certain
amount of gratitude toward this
young man in gray who had told
me of such a dastardly plot, and
knowing full well that the store of jewels
and buttons was more than sufficient for my

needs, I pressed him to tell me what it was
that required money so hastily.

  “Why, this,” said he. “I am a younger
son and am called by courtesy the Viscount
of Barnet. Now my elder brothers have
died off or had their throats cut one by one,
and so I find myself suddenly the head of
the house. It only remains for me to get to
England and claim the estate, going through
certain formalities, you know, and then I
am a rich man and may have my coach and
six to the door at any hour of the day, aye,
and outriders to the number of half a
score.” '

  “And what prevents your going?”

  “Why, man, what I have been telling
you. A man can not fly from Bavaria to
the sea. It costs money to travel overland
and then there is the matter of shipping
into England to be thought of, and of travel-
ing to my own country when I have reached
the far side of the channel. And truth to
tell, I have not a penny.”

  “Have you vacated your commission?”
At this question the man in gray reddened
and looked hastily about the room.

  “Shshshsh,” he whispered in great con-
sternation. “No! This it was that I wanted
the doctor to do. I wanted him to get me
out of the country and trust me for his fee
until I should come into the estate. He does
a goodly traffic in getting deserters away
and in helping officers who are straitened in
their accounts to find freedom, and all such
matters as that. But he would not do it
and my colonel would not give me a leave,
so I must e’en stay behind when the army
marches, and take off my uniform.”

  “And you have no friends who will lend
you?”

  “Not one. It is a strange thing, but still
it is true. A man makes friends in the army
by drinking and dicing, and he will find
many who will accompany him in either or
both, but when it comes to the loan of
money and such a sum as I require, that is
another matter.”

  “Well, what was your purpose in telling
me all this?”

  “Teeth of Solomon! Why? Because you
are one Englishman and I another and I
will not stand by and see you harmed by
any rascally German doctor. If it makes
me an enemy of the doctor, and the estate is
lost for lack of claimants, well and good,
my honor is still clear.”

  Here he looked at me with such frankness
76

Adventure

and open-hearted good will that I could
have wept.

  “Now look you,” said I. “One good turn
deserves another. I have about me it is
true some few rings and geegaws, but
whether they are worth much money or not
is another matter. Now, if I should make
you a small loan of some of these, what se-
curity should I have that I should be re-
paid?”

  “The word of a gentleman!” cried
he, bringing his hand down upon the
table.

  At that I laughed in his face. A viscount
he might be and I but the son of a seller of
books, but that made him no better than I.
War is a wonderful thing to show that all
men are clay. A duke’s face can blanch and
his Kps pale as well as a drummer boy’s. A
bit of lead will go as easily into the Duke of
Cumberland, who is a king’s son, as into the

lowest grenadier, who is the son of-

knows who, and both of them will cry out
as lustily under the knife that extracts the
ball. So I and my comrades had little re-
spect for birth, and for titles as such, unless
they were borne by our own officers, of
whose bravery we had no doubt. When I
had laughed, then, the viscount looked a
little abroad, but he took no offense.

  “Now attend,” said he, “you do not know
me, it is true, and it is a difficult thing to
collect debts when the channel and half of
England is between the debtor and creditor.
But listen. You have about you some small
jewel or button which you think is of no
value. Give it me, and tomorrow I will re-
turn to you a sum of money that hath been
realized upon it that will astonish you. I
have a friend here in the city who is a money
changer and I promise you that I can get a
nearer value for such as you have than you
can get yourself.

  “Give me something, anything, and see if
I am not sincere. And for the loan that
you make me, taking into effect that I have
saved your life, I will give you a note of
hand, a wadset, as it is called in my country,
against the estate, for the value a hundred-
fold of what you see fit to lend me.”

  I thought this matter over at some length.
If he gave me a paper on the estate, it
would do very handily if I should come into
a commission, and if I did not, I could dis-
count it at any Jew’s. Meanwhile we would
try him and, thus thinking, I took out the
French officer’s watch, for I carried my

jewels with me always, for safety, and
passed it across the table.

  “I will trust you thus far,” said I. “Meet
me here tomorrow morning at say ten
o’clock and let me see what you can do with
this. And when was it that the doctor was
to do away with me?”

  “There was no time set,” said he, “be-
cause I would not agree to such an arrange-
ment.”

  “Well, I will have my eye on that old

-, and meanwhile change my lodging.

If he tries any chancey work, let him look
to his head.”

  “At ten o’clock,” said the viscount, “I
will be here. And for this clock, this bel-
lowing ticker, I warrant you that I can get
you seven pounds.”

  So then we struck hands and he went his
way and I mine. When I was come to the
doctor’s house, I cleared the skirts of my
coat from the Picinino a bit, for I was
minded to have an accounting with Doctor
Gulf. I went in and there he was, reading
by the light of a candle or two. Before I
had time to speak, he reached out a paper
to me.

  “This was brought here by the provost’s
officers,” said he, “this afternoon, and I
would have given it to you, only I did not
see you go out.”

I TOOK the scroll, meanwhile
bending my eye upon him in a
very chilly manner, and held the
scroll to the candle. I ran hastily
over it, for it was closely written and the
light was poor, but the upshot of the paper
was, that one Hugh Bancroft, of Ligonier’s
Regiment of Horse, to whom greeting, being
by reason of hurts and sickness unable to
do his duty with the army, was hereby dis-
charged with honor by these presents and
to his home, and to any shipowner or sea
captain to whom they might come, he was
hereby commanded to carry the body of the
said Hugh to any port in England to which
they might have business, and set him
down dryshod, and look for the defrayment
of any expenses by reason of said carriage
to My Lords the Commissioners of His
Majesty’s Exchequer, God Save the King,
by his servant William, Duke of Cumber-
land.

  “This is a pretty state of affairs,” cried I,
“to cast me aside like a broken blade!
And what, pray, am I to do for a living now?
The Bold Dragoon

77

And as for hurts, I will be as well as any of
them this day month.”

  The doctor said no word, but sat looking
at me and seeing an object for the anger
that was in me, I beat my fist upon the table.

  “Meanwhile I have a crow to pick with
you, my wielder of tortoise-shell, my basin
holder. So you would murder me for my
money—the wounded man within your
doors! And so you brought me here,
hoping that I would die on your hands and
so you would be my heir! Well, I did not
die and I am not to be murdered, and any
heirs that you may have, let them look
to their estate, for they are shortly to come
into it!”

  Then I unsheathed the Picinino and let
the candle light run up and down the blade.

  The doctor, however, showed no fear,
only sat looking at me with great disgust.

  “What a great dunderheaded fool you
are,” said he. “What a booby of a dragoon.
Hath the Viscount Barnet been trying to
borrow money from you? This tale sounds
like one from his fertile brain. I brought
you to my house to cure you for a price,
since a doctor must live by custom, as well
as any tradesman. And as for being your
heir if you die, that is but the perquisite
of any army leach, else wherefore follow the
army?

  “And as for your fine friend, the viscount,
for I see by your face that it was he that
set you by the ears, he is the most arrant
scoundrel in the armies. He came to me
with a long-winded tale of an estate that
he had come into and I would have nothing
to do with him. And I, having mentioned
the fact that you were in the house, he was
for my poisoning you and our sharing your
money.

  “Do you think, ass, that I, a doctor,
would have set with you at night, and worn
myself to a rag caring for you, had I in-
tended to kill you? Probably you do, for
you have little sense. Well, beware of this
viscount, for he is a liar and a thief, and a

gambler and a wastrel rake--dog. And

as for this leave of absence that they would
not give him, it is because he hath more
debts than a dog fleas, and his creditors
would not let him leave their sight, and
went to Handasyde and raised such a coil
that the colonel refused him permission
to go to England, so he hath now deserted
and skulks about the town in disguise, like
any lift-purse.” ,.

  Now this was a plausible tale enough, but
I had my doubts of its truth, and I remem-
bered what I had heard the doctor tell the
ensign when I had been in the bootmaker’s
loft. I would know who to believe in the
morning for if the viscount kept the ap-
pointment and met me with money, well
and good, and if he did not, it was no large
loss. For the night I would be on my
guard, so leaving the doctor, I went to my
room and, barricading the door, set up the
unsheathed Picinino ready to hand, and
so went to bed.

  I needed to have no apprehensions on
the score of the viscount’s honesty, for he
was before me at the inn.

  “Good morning,” he cried cheerfully,
“good morning. We have done well in-
deed. For this watch that we had I have
been able to get a matter of seven
pound.”

  Now this was so much more than I had
expected that I was quite speechless for a
moment and was only able to mumble my
thanks.

  “Not'at all,” said he. “Not at all. And
now do you think I am to be trusted with a
small loan, secured by a wadset on my
estate?”

  “Hmmm!” said I, bearing in mind what
the doctor had told me. “Have you any
present debts?”

  “Why, yes, a few. What man of mettle
hath not? The price of a main or two here,
a pair of boots here, a few yards of lace for
my uniform somewhere else. All small.”
Had he denied it and mumbled and
looked blushingly at the table I had known
him to be a liar, but his face was so open
and frank and his smile so pleasant, that
I was forced to believe him and know the
doctor for a liar.

  “I can not,” said I, “loan you a very
great sum, or even much of a sum at all,
for the reason that I shall have need of
perhaps all that I have. I have been dis-
charged from the army and must make the
best of my way home, and find some occu-
pation that will give me a livelihood. All
of which will take money.”

  “Aha!” said he, “here is a scurvy trick!
Why, you are as well as the next man. I
suppose the duke wants no string of wound-
ed left behind to be fed and cared for while
the army is in the field, and so hath cast
them all aside, to go home and die.”
“Probably.”
78

Adventure

  “And I wager that you are no very ex-
perienced traveler to make your way alone
across half of Europe.”

  “That is true enough,” said I sadly.
“It is one thing to travel with a marching
column where every night’s stage is clearly
marked, and the victual wagons parked
there, and nothing to do but water horse,
eat, and fall down on the ground; and quite
another to go alone, and battle with thieving
landlords in flea-ridden inns.”

  “I was coming to that point,” cried the
viscount. “Now then, I can get you for your
jewels three-fold what you can. Moreover,
I am an experienced traveler, and have
been up and down the highways of Europe
for many years. Harky a moment. You
shall give me your jewels to melt into good
gold, getting three times what you could
get yourself, and we shall set out in com-
pany, you loaning me half of the sum we
realize, against the wadset, and not only
that, but accompanying me to England to
get your money when I have secured my
rights. Is anything fairer than that?”

  I said nothing, but thought upon the
matter. If the viscount secured for me so
much money, more than I could get myself,
it would only be fair to lend him a part of
it. Then I would have a man to help me
all the weary way to England, one who
knew the ins and outs of the road, and who
could bargain with the innkeepers, aye and
curse them, too, and one who would be a
companion for me.

  In truth I was not looking forward with
any great joy to such a lonely journey.
Moreover, in case we were set upon by
robbers that roamed about the country, or
any of the bands of masterless men and dis-
charged soldiers, we could set our backs to
each other and show the rogues a good front,
which one man could not do.

  And added to all this, the vibcount had a
merry, open countenance, a frank and danc-
ing eye, and my heart warmed to him.
Here I bethought me what a tremendous
liar the doctor was and that I would quit
his roof without the delay of a single minute.

“WELL,” said I, “when will we
start?”

  “Good!” cried the viscount,
slapping me on the back. “Good!
What a fine fellow you are indeed! Let us
start this very night! Why linger? We
can go by diligence to Mayence and either

get horses there and go overland, or con-
tinue by diligence.”

  “You forget,” said I, “that I am a sick
man, but lately risen from a bed of pain,
and that I could not stand a journey on
horseback of such length, nor even one by
diligence which, by the look of it, I think
would be worse than horseback.”

  “By the bones of Judas! Ah, true
enough. Wither my marrow, I forgot that
you had been wounded.”

  Here the viscount fell to chewing his
fingers and beating impatiently upon the
table.

  “Ha!” he cried, “I have it. Oh, I am a
man of resource, I promise you. Why, if
we can but get to Mayence, or to Coblenz,
we can go down the Rhine on a boat!
There are all kinds of boats, trading boats,
market boats and, I doubt not,, boats for
the carriage of passengers, all down the
reaches of the Rhine. What better could
you ask? A soft bed, no jolting roadway,
but a smooth rolling river, a sea voyage, in
fact a very cure for all your ailments.

   “It will be a little slow,” said he ruefully,
“but that we must put up with. Well,
all the more reason for an early start.
Do you go and pack up your effects, give
me the jewels, which I will change into
money, and meet you here at four o’clock
or so. We can then go to the inn from
whence the diligence starts, and be ready
to leave at daybreak. How is that?”

  “It suits me very well, because I have
little enough to prepare, having indeed only
my valise for baggage, and in it a change or
two of linen. I am minded, though, to
have this doctor before the justices for
trying to murder me, or at least crowd a
foot or two of my sword down his rascally
gullet.”

  “No, no!” exclaimed the viscount, “do
nothing of the sort. We could not prove
a thing and next to jail there is no better
place to stay out of than a court of justice.
No, no, speak your mind to^him, perhaps,
give him a taste of the flat of the blade
even, for the lying hound he is, but let it go
at that. You owe him no money now?”

  “Not a farthing. He had of me a ring
that was sufficient to keep me for a year,
for which consideration he has given me
a hard bed and a suit of old clothes, and let
my blood regularly, which I could ill afford
to lose, having been fed on very thin soup
since I was brought in.”
The Bold Dragoon

79

  “So then, give me the jewels and farewell
until tonight.”

  I took the bag from my pocket and tipped
out on the table all the rings, and the silver
gorget, and the gold buttons, of which I
had not cut off the half, but it had been
dark and I hurried. Now of this store I
took two rings and put them upon my fin-
gers, for I was a little vain myself, and in
addition these would be a goodly reserve,
which no soldier should ever be without.
The rest I gave to the viscount.

  “Now, listen,” said I, “you must remem-
ber that no one is allowed to leave the city
after nightfall, and that if you are not here
I shall raise such a hue and cry as would
hunt you out of the deepest cellar in the
city. You have my jewels, but I have your
life, for there are many officers of the army
still in the city, and they would be most
pleased to find a deserter, to try the strength
of the first piece of rope they could come by,
by hanging said deserter up to a tree with
it.”

  The viscount jumped a bit at that, like
a horse at the touch of a whip. His fingers
went to his mouth and his eyes here and
there, so that I thought I had him and that
he was a traitor indeed. I could feel the
quick rage of a sick man sweeping over
me and I thrust forward the Picinino with
a movement of my haunch. At the clank
of the scabbard the viscount turned to me.

  “Hold, my bold dragoon!” cried he.
“By the hair of Pilate, you are a silly fellow.
I am not overset in mind because I medi-
tated you any wrong, but because you
have reminded me that there is a rope for
my neck if I am caught, and the longer I
stay in this city the worse it will be for me.”

  That was true enough so, apologizing
for my suspicion of him, I bade him fare-
well and went home to the doctor’s house.
I went in and to my surprize found three
men in the room, seated about the fire-
place, but they civilly arose and touched
their hats to me. They were men of con-
siderable dignity, calm-faced and majestic,
though they were very quietly clothed,
with no lace upon their hats and with but
little jewelry.

  “Good day, sir,” said the one who seemed
from his face and bearing to have the
greatest authority. “The doctor is from
home and we are awaiting him. Your
face is not known to me, but I perceive
that you must be an honest man.” Here

he looked very hard at my sword. “You
will forgive me if I don’t present these
gentlemen to you. They are something
careful of their names being spoken in this
town of long lugs, even in this house of our
mutual friend, and I know that you must
have the same feeling. But have a drop
of brose with us, while we are waiting for
the doctor. Come, a mug here.”

  One of the men passed a mug and this,
being dipped into the bowl of brose, was
handed me.

  “I will give you a toast,” proposed the
leader of the three. “The King!”

  “The King!” said I. “God bless him.”
We showed the bottoms of our mugs to
each other and having done so, I set mine
down and excused myself, pleading that I
had affairs to care for. Thereupon I moved
toward the stairs.

  “-death,” cried one of the three, his

face quite white, “are you the dragoon?”
v“Why, yes,” said I, startled that this
man whom I did not know should be so
upset.

  The leader smiled calmly.

  “We are gentlemen of the medical pro-
fession, as you may presume, from our
being in this house, and having heard some-
thing of your unusual case from our good
friend the doctor, my companion here is
quite astounded to see you walking about
like an ordinary person. Your wound was
quite severe, was it not, and complicated
by an unusual exposure afterward?”

  “It was indeed,” said I, “but I have fully
recovered, save for this leanness that you
see, and a slight dizziness and stiffness of
the arm. But happily it is not my sword
arm that is affected.”

  “But might I ask how you came by that
sword,” asked the third man, who up to this
time had not spoken a word.

  “I took it from a French officer.”

  “Ah, Jto be sure,” said the man. “I
should have known. Surely I should have
known. No other would have worn it
so openly.”

  I now bade . these gentlemen farewell
and went to my room. There was no con-
versation from below stairs and very shortly
I heard the door softly open, and the three
go out.. They must have tired of the wait-
ing and gone before the doctor came back.

  I wondered for a little time why the sight
of my sword had upset them, they knowing
very well by what the doctor had told
8o

Adventure

them that I was English and not French.
Perhaps they were only curious, never hav-
ing seen one of that type before, and indeed
they were rare enough in the army at that
time'', though later they came into more
general use, many troopers getting them
in the same manner as I had gotten mine.

  When I had packed my valise and made
sure that nothing was forgotten, I went
down again and the doctor coming in from
the street at that moment, we met face to
face.

  “Ha!” said I.

  The doctor said no word, but looked at
me sourly enough. After a time he spoke.

  “So this is my thanks, is it? You quit
my house the instant you can walk, and
leave me your creditor with as clear a con-
science as if I were the richest man in

Hanau, and not a poor-of a poverty-

ridden leach.”

  “You have my ring,” said I, “and I have
not the slightest doubt that you are still
the gainer on my account, and will be the
more so since I am taking so early a leave
of you.”

  “If you are going in the company of
that rakish viscount, I warrant you, you
will wish yourself back here soon enough.
Before you go, have you in mind any
occupation?”

  “No.”

  “There are few that a soldier can find
unless he has some manner of trade that he
can work at.”

  “I am wondering what affair it is of
yours.”

  “Well, it is none, I promise you,” said the
doctor acidly, “but I have some compunc-
tion about seeing you starve to death or
turned hedge-rover for a living, after I
was at such pains to save your life and drag
you from the grave. In spite of whatever
lie your friend hath told you, I am no mur-
derer, nor a scoundrel either, and so you
could see if you had aught in that thick
head of yours except galloping and sword
rattling and throat cutting. And I have
seen somewhat more of the world than you,
having been a little longer in it. I tell
you frankly that you will starve to death.”
“Even so,” said I, a little helplessly, “I
can see no remedy for it. I can starve to
death here as well as in England.”

  “There is an occupation,” began the doc-
tor, looking at me very steadily, “a soldier’s
business that a man such as you are might

find to support himself at; a service where
there is little money bu*r much glory, and
where a man might win himself a commis-
sion, in fact—” a long pause— “he might
be commissioned when he took the oath,
if he were such a man as you.”

  “Is that so? Where tien? But I can
take no service under any of these two-for-
a-shilling princes that run about this coun-
try of Europe. I have no language but
English, which is good enough for an En-
glishman, and I have no stomach for risk-
ing my life, which is the only one I have, in
another man’s quarrel.’

  “Such a service! as I had in mind,” said
the doctor, “is none of these, but the ser-
vice of an Englishman, the service of one
who hath sustained great wrongs, but who
is now in a fair way to have them righted.”
“Now who do you mean?” I asked, for I
was entirely mystified.

 “Have you never heard of Charles
Stuart?” asked he.

  At that I was filled with rage.

  “Charles Stuart!” I cried. “I have
heard of him, for he hath some pretensions
to the crown of England. And if he had
any brains at all he would see from the
experience of his father in the Fifteen that
we will have none of him, a poor foolish
family with more bar sinisters to their
scutcheon than there are lozenges to a tap
room window!”

  The doctor leaped to his feet and his
chair went crashing to the stones of the floor.

  “This is my house!” he roared, “and
no man may insult my sovereign beneath
its roof. Begone!”

  He looked wildly about for some weapon,
but there was none to hand, and there was
I facing him very easily, for he was old and
no match for me, weak as I was.

  “Be - to your sovereign, and you,

too,” said I, and at that I swung about and
went out of the house.

CHAPTER III

OF AN OFFICER AND HIS FOUR TROOPERS

WE GOT away the next morning in
sheets of rain. There was a diligence
from the upper Main that inned at Hanau
and this we purposed to take as far as
Frankfort, where the diligence stopped for
dinner, it taking half a day to make the ten
miles. We had not gone the first mile
The Bold Dragoon

before we mired, and then, perforce, we
must get down and help the men who rode
the horses that drew the diligence to pry
and pull and shove the wagon out of the
mud.

  “If this is the way ’we are to continue our
journey,” said I, “then I am for going
horseback. This is far from my idea of an
easy way to travel.”

  “It might be worse,” said the viscount,
looking over his shoulder. “We may be
able to go by boat from Frankfort. If so,
we have not long to bear with this sort of
thing.”

  At last, by dint of great cursing and a pile
of rocks, we managed to get clear. The
lanterns were hung up, and the horses al-
lowed to breathe. It should have been
daylight long ago, but the clouds were so
lowering and the rain so heavy that a man
could see but a little better than at night.
The horses stamped and sniffed and jingled
their harness, while one of the drivers
knocked the mud from his great boot
against a wheel. I thought the horses
made considerable noise for their number
and said so to the viscount.

  “I think we have company,” said he,
and began to chew his fingers.

  The driver by the wheel ceased to scrape _
and straightened up to listen. There were
horsemen approaching, no doubt of it, for
we could hear them quite plainly now.
The viscount and I made some slight prep-
aration by loosening our swords, and the
drivers thrust their hands into their bosoms
where they, no doubt, had horse pistols,
secured against the wet.

  The oncoming horsemen were within an
arm’s length before we could see them, and
then they suddenly emerged from the fog.
The pale light gleamed on the bright parts
of their horse furnishings and the rain
dripped from their cloaks. They were
soldiers, and it did not take more than two
looks from me to make sure that they were
Hanoverian horse.

  “A wet morning, friends!” cried the
leader of the party, by which token I
judged him to be English.

  The drivers answered never a word for,
being Germans, they did not understand,
but I replied and said that it was, and that
it must be disagreeable riding.

  “Aye,” said he, “it is that, and dry work
for all the wet.”

  Here he laughed at his own joke. He

kept his hands upon his horse’s withers the
while he talked and I judged he had his
holsters open and kept his hands over them
to save the damp from his pistols.

  “Are you going far?” he continued.

  “A way,” said I, “and might I ask where
yonder beer-spoiler thinks he is going with
that horse?”

  One of the horsemen had been passaging
his horse through the mud and was swinging
around to get between the viscount and
myself where we stood in the road.

  “Halloa!” cried the officers, “geht atis with
that pferde! I’ll do the needful here.”

  He waved his hand and the trooper
backed off to the side of the road and bent
his head to let the water run out of his
bucket-shaped head-dress.

  “The long and short of it is, gentlemen,
that we neither of us want to stand in this
rain for any length of time, and so if you
will just show me a paper or two for authori-
ty to be traveling about behind the army,
I will not inquire your names, nor your
business, but will just be trotting.”

  “I perceive that you are a British officer,”
said I, “but you will not object, I know, to
telling me why you are holding up travelers
who have not been one stage from the city.”
Now I cared little enough why he was
demanding our papers, but, seeing that he
was a young man, much more so than I,
I thought I might get him in talk and so
lead him to let us pass without further
question, for while I had my discharge to
show, the viscount had none, and his jour-
ney would most likely end immediately.

  “I am asking all and sundry for their
papers,” said the officer, “because I am
ordered to do so, and I am ordered to do so
because we have news that there are spies
and certain French agents about, and when
it comes to our ears that a man wearing a
sword of very Frenchy pattern hath lain
at the inn and taken the diligence before
daybreak, it falls within our duty to follow
him and have a look at him. And if it
appears to us that he is indeed a French
agent, then we have a bit of rope, and I
doubt not can find a tree to hang it upon.”
“You need carry no rope for me,” I
replied. “This is sufficient for my pur-
poses,” and I handed him my discharge.

  All the while he was puzzling over it
by the dim light, I was thinking rapidly
of what we should do if he seized the vis-
count. He had with him four troopers,
Adventure

which with himself made five, and we were
but two and dismounted. However, I
was not going to see the viscount hanged,
more by token that he had half of our
store of money upon him.

  “Good enough,” said the officer, handing
me back my discharge. “They have done
you a dirty deed. • Meanwhile a word as
one friend to another. Get rid of that two
stone or so of iron that you wear about
your waist. It will mark you as a French-
man or a Scotch heather jumper wherever
you go. Now then,” said he, turning to
the viscount, “are you a wounded veteran,
too?”

  “No,” said the viscount, “I am a mer-
chant and have been to the headquarters
to see about selling some cloth for winter
covering for the troops.”

  “And your safe conduct?”

  “Here it is,” said the viscount calmly,
holding out a paper so that I near fell in
the mud from surprize.

  “Uh!” grunted the officer, handing it
back. “A man of your healthy brisket
should be wearing a sword and spilling
blood instead of ink. The merchant ser-
vice is no place for a pretty lad like you.”
There was a pause and the drivers mut-
tered impatiently. The horses of the
patrol drooped their heads and the water
ran from them and from their riders, muf-
fled in their fur trimmed jackets. The
officer’s body seemed to stiffen and I could
see his lips come together in a thin line.

“MY MERCHANT,” said the
officer suddenly, his voice cold
and harsh, “it sticks in my mind
that I have seen your face before,
and not across the counter of a shop, but
across a table. You perhaps remember me.
Danby is my name, of Duroures.”

  “You are mistaken,” said the viscount,
“I never saw you before.”

  He was quite calm and had not even
changed color. The officer made a slight
sign to his men, who moved forward a little
and began to spread about us. At that I
laid hand on sword.

  “I might have believed you,” said the
officer, sneering, “only your friend here
hath been fidgeting wild these five minutes,
and now is ready to draw and have at us,
though there is no occasion save in his own
mind.”

  The viscount threw a glance at me, an

angry startled glance, and the officer
thereupon knew that he had us. He lugged
out a pistol, but one of his troopers got be-
tween him and the viscount, and reached

over t to seize my companion. The vis-
count’s sword leaped, and the man drew
back howling, trying to draw sword with
his left hand. The others rushed forward
with a great scattering of mud and one went
to his knees in the wallow in front of me,
nor did he ever mount horse again.

  I had scarce plucked my sword out of him
and his horse 'was plunging to his feet, when
there came a wild yell from the field be-
side the road, and the driving of hoofs.
I could hear steel clashing where the vis-
count was holding off two troopers, and
the other and the officer, who could not get
at me because of the mired horse, stopped
to listen.

  There was a shout from the two that
fought with the viscount and I saw that
they had him down and were slashing at
him from the saddle. Immediately, mad-
dened by the sight and thinking that I had
little longer to five, and regretting that I
should die in this reckless brawl instead
of on a field of battle, I went for the two
men before me, with the Picinino uplifted.

  There was no further sound of voices
from the field, nothing save thudding hoofs.
I had no time for thought as to what they
might signify, for the third trooper was
upon me and his first slash very near dis-
armed me. After that I was a little more
on my guard and somewhat apprehensive
as to how my wind would last, and as to
the state of my wrist, after so many weeks
on the flat of my back.

  I had little work to do, however, for the
man that was fighting me had no skill with
his sword, only to lash and smash and try
to beat my sword out of my hand by the
very power of his own arm. His sword
was of that curved pattern, such as their
horse use, and was not so long as mine, nor
perhaps as fine steel.

ms However, as he was mounted and I not,
he had the advantage of me and I was
enough put to it to save my head. Also and
beyond, the footing was extremely poor,
like standing in glue, but I was lucky
enough to sever his bridle rein by a lucky
cut, so that he had to gather the short end
in his hand and get his horse in control
again before he could attack me.

  I had my back against the diligence as
The Bold Dragoon

 much as I could, to keep the officer from
 taking me from behind, and I had some
 thought of the other two and expected to
 hear them chopping down on me any min-
 ute. For the man that fought with me, I
 could not reach him with my sword, for I
 was too busy keeping him from reaching
 me. However, having got up the end of his
 rein, he spurred forward against me once
 more and I, putting the Picinino in guard,
 awaited him. Of a sudden he gave a cough,
 and I saw two blades of steel shoot out of
 his breast and cross each other, for all the
 world as if he had folded his arms.

   It was a long moment before I had the
 sweat out of my eyes and my dull mind to
 work and then I perceived that there was
 a horse lying dead on the far side of the
 road, and under him the officer of the patrol.
 My own enemy was in the mire and his
 horse gone into the ditch, where he was
 cropping grass. The two that had fought
 with the viscount lay one atop the other,
 and it needed no leach to tell that they had
 drunk their last mug of beer. It was much
 lighter, and across the field one could see
 wet woods, and the roofs of a village. As
 for the newcomers, they were six horsemen,
 who were plucking their cloaks about their
 faces and pulling down their hats.

   “Good morrow to you, sir,” said one,
 who seemed to be the leader. “I thought
 yesterday that you were no friend of ours,
 but since you seem to be unfriends with
 the British also, I begin to think I was
 wrong.”

   I said nothing in reply, but continued to
 watch him.

   “We are not after your purse,” said he.
 “We were going our way peacefully, for
 we are not men that poke our noses into
 every comer where we hear swords clashing,
 but your officer was eager enough to see
 what made so much noise when we were
 only hurrying to be shut of you, and seeing
 »us, cried out, and there was nothing to do
 but battle with him.”

   “I am grateful enough to you for saving
 me, though the battle was none of my
 seeking,” I answered him.

   “Would you care to join us?” suggested
 one of the men. “Catch up one of these
 loose horses and come along!”

   The others frowned heavily upon him
 and muttered that their party was far too
 large now and the like, but I cut in.

I am an honest traveler,” said I, “a

wounded soldier, going to his home by the
best means that he can, and I have no need
to fly like a thief because I have been set
upon by some drunken Germans. I am
thankful for your offer, most thankful, but
I can not ride with strangers, and I have
a companion who is perhaps wounded to the
death, who must be looked to. Moreover,
if I may say it, I will be much safer by my-
self than riding in the company of a band of
horsemen who set upon a patrol of the allied
troops and slaughter them with no apparent
reason.”

  “This is fine talk for one who’s wizened
would have been slit had we not rescued
him!” cried one.

  “I am always ready to make good any
word of mine, on foot or horseback,” I
replied.

  “So!” cried this one, whipping a sword
from beneath his cloak. “Ye ha’ come to
the right shop for a comb cutting, my
cockerel!”

  “Not another word!” shouted the leader,
spurring his horse forward. “You forget
yourself!” he said sternly to his follower.

  “Now,” turning to me, “where is this
companion you speak of? It is possible
that we might give him some assistance.”

  Without a word I led them to where the
viscount had lain when I last saw him. The
roadway was all stamped and torn, and
pools of rain had collected already in the
hollows, with little threads of blood in
them. The two Hanoverians lay as they
had fallen, but there was no sign of the
viscount.

  “One of these was dead when we came
up,” said the leader, looking solemnly at
me. “Did you see any more when you
engaged?”

  Two of the company who had the ap-
pearance of servants shook their heads,
and one spoke in what I took to be French,
though it was most harsh and unusual
sounding, for that tongue.

  “You say you had a companion?” an-
other of the party asked. “And you are
very sure he was wounded?”

  “I saw him on the ground and these
others thrusting at him,” I answered.
“But where he could have gone unless they
stamped him out of sight under the mud, I
have no idea.”

  “It is time we were on our way,” said the
leader, “and I can give a shrewd guess as
to who your friend is. I would be more
Adventure

than passing glad to see him, but he would
get himself out of sight like a fox to his
earth, the instant he clapped eye on us.
I’ll mind this meeting.”

  Here he gave me the very barest sort of
a bow and leaving the road for the field,
where the going was easier, rode off fol-
lowed by his company. As for me, I
was so weary from the fight and so per-
plexed as to what had come of the viscount,
that I could scarce stand, and went over
toward the diligence to lean against it.
The drivers were sitting very white-faced
on their horses and indicated to me by
signs to get in, and they making prepara-
tions to move on if I did not, I clambered
on. No sooner had the wheels made their
first turn than a bale of goods went one
way and a roll of hides the other, and the
viscount peered out at me very ruefully.

  “Now what?” I cried in astonishment.
“Are you alive or dead? How did you get
here?”

  “I am alive,” said he, “sure enough.
By the skin of Bartholomew, I am very near
death, though. I was in the mud and
those louting beer swillers poking at me, and

one gets down to have a better cut, and so
gave me the chance of a thrust.”

  “Were you there when the six came on

the field?”

  “I was there when they started to come
on, but not when they came. I know
them. Furthermore, I know when I have
had enough. I got me under a roll of
hides.”

  I had to laugh at this, though I was
rather angry, for if the newcomers had
seen fit to pick a quarrel with me, and had
we had a fight, the viscount under a roll
of hides would have been little help. I said
as much to him.

  “Ah, there would have been no fight,”
said he. “They were all goggling at you
and one was patting the dead hussar’s
pouch to see if it contained aught to drink,
so I just got up into the wagon as fast as I
might.”

 “Do you owe those men money?” I
asked.

  “Well, not money, but something of the
sort,” said he, and then would speak no
more to me, but held his peace, chewing
upon his fingers.

TO BE CONTINUED
PUNCHER’S FANCY

by Harold Willard Gleason

'T'HERE’S jest one spot on earth for me;

  No shady nook beneath no tree;

    No city, nor no quiet town;

    No woods, nor desert red-an’-brown;

    No hearth nor home—though home is fine—
    This spot I nominate as mine,

    The one spot that all others fades,

    Is this—the well-known ace of spades!

    A puncher, most folks will agree,

    Is small shucks in societee.

    These dinin’-room-an’-marble-hall
    Affairs don’t make me yearn a-tall!

    But sometimes, when I’ve got my pay
    An’ ride to town up Yuma way,

    One club would be a savin’ grace;

    But only one—and that the ace!

    I	ain’t an hotnbre mad for show
    Like Faro Mike an’ Utaw Joe;

    A fancy saddle, well an’ fine;

    But rings an’ sparklers—not for mine!

    And yet, beneath the kar’sene lamp
    That lights the board in Murphy’s camp,

    One solitaire would suit me grand;

   A di’mond ace—within my hand!

    There’s many fellers can’t abide
    This life of roamin’ high an’ wide;

    A red-lipped smile, a blue-eyed look,

    Their hats are hung—-upon one hook!

    Now female women sure are sweet;

    To dance with them I call a treat;

    To kiss; sometimes, is no disgrace,

But heart-stuff? No, sir!—’cept the ace!

And so you see, my wants ain’t grand;

    Four little items in my hand:

    A single club, not swell or smart,

    One little, rosy, lonesome heart,

    The only di’mond I’ll abide,

    The modest ace o’ spades beside.

    But if these wishes should come true,

    I’ll bet my shirt to see them through!

85
Author of “Driven,” “White Challenge,” etc.

CERTAIN codes have at us more
swiftly in the solemn places of the
earth—the sea, the forest, the des-
ert. As an instance, retribution.
In the world of men complex forces arrest
and ofttimes abrogate the doling out of
justice, while the solemn places are pretty
generally “good pay.”

  It lacked ten minutes of nine o’clock in
the morning when Gedge stopped in the
street between the two school buildings.
Gedge was a State highway patrolman. He
was a young fellow of twenty-eight, with
sandy hair and keen blue eyes, eyes that
had as much to do with a ready smile as
had his lips.

  He smiled now at the school children, and
they smiled in return, for to them he repre-
sented an authority even higher than the
teachers with his brave gold star and his
sleek whip-cord uniform. Even as Gedge
smiled, a huge green roadster, its pilot the
sole passenger, flashed like the shiver of a
palm leaf from a side street. There was a
scream of burning rubber, and the vision,
quite blurred and incredible, of a hurtling
white figure that stopped at the curb in the
strange, ungainly posture of abrupt death.

  All of this in a twinkling. Life seemed
suspended, but in all the monumental in-
ertia there was one point of movement;
that, the green roadster. It wavered for a
moment uncertainly, then with a wail of
gears shot away.

  The driver of the roadster had the ad-
vantage of Gedge, who was obliged to

start his motorcycle and to exert caution
in threading the street teeming with ter-
rorized children.

  Hence the roadster was two blocks dis-
tant and rounding a corner before Gedge
had a clear street. The officer did not
attempt to track the other, but cut across
town, and his acuity was rewarded in three
blocks by a glimpse of the other. Gedge
then closed in, but reached the outskirts of
the city before the murderer was again in
sight. The roadster crossed the Santa Fe
tracks and took to the Cajon Pass High-
way.

  This was precisely the decision Gedge had
hoped the other would make. Not that the
man, in making for the Mojave Desert, was
running into a dead-set trap perforce. The
hour fairly assured him an unobstructed
road, and the pace was so swift that for
Gedge to pause and telephone ahead was
perhaps to lose his quarry on a side road.

  The officer fired three times, but it was
difficult to get within range. The roadster
was a super-car; several times Gedge noted
that the driver was clipping off a deadly
seventy on the straightaway stretches.

  It is twenty-eight miles to Cajon Pass
summit, and fifteen more to the end of the
pavement at the little desert town of
Victorville. There the transcontinental
highway swings north to Barstow. But
another road takes a course southeast, cross-
ing the trickle that is the Mojave River,
flinging itself over gaunt twin peaks and
out upon the immeasurable desert floor.
Good Pay

87

  The Barstow highway with its railroad
towns meant to the man capture or flight to
the inhospitable mountains—the other com-
manded. He had cast the die irrevocably.
He might have stopped at the school and
taken two years. But with the newspapers
crusading, with public opinion aroused, it
was win now or meet the end. Fortunately,
these were stolen license plates, the man
thought, smiling coldly in the winging
moments.

  In Victorville he slewed from the pave-
ment into the sand of a side street to avoid
the main corner of the town, and elude

pursuit from more than this -dogged

officer.

  Gedge attempted to follow and spilled,
breaking a collar bone. He was up in a
moment, and saw his prey crossing the
bridge at The Narrows and climbing the
serpentine road up the twin peaks. Gedge
was sick and dizzy, but he mounted his un-
damaged motorcycle before the few strag-
gling townspeople caught the significance of
the chase. He had meant to pause a mo-
ment and enlist automobile aid, but the
force of his fall had stripped him of ordered
thought, save the one obdurate mind that
he was on an inexorable mission.

  Gaining the pass between the gaunt twin
peaks, Gedge beheld the roadster leaving
the winding hillside road and hurling a
cyclone of dust behind as it fled out into the
desert. The dust settled reluctantly; save
for that, Gedge might have done better. The
road was fairly hard, with few sand holes,
though it wound through the manzanita and
buckthorn without apparent purpose.

  The rider clung precariously to his handle
bars. Savage thrusts of pain in his shoulder
seemed to infect him with their own mad-
ness. White-hot stabs of pain in his eyes
seemed to illumine the dust-choked roadway
that he might stave off ultimate disaster.

  One dry-lake bed and Gedge was done!
But the roadster turned to the left at a fork
in the road; Gedge caught glimpses of it and
its furious dust cloud winding up a sloping
mesa. He saw by his motorcycle clock that
it was ten o’clock; he was astonished at the
dragging of time.

  The road grew worse. Even as Gedge
despaired he fought desperately on. The
cylinders of his machine smoked in the
morning heat and seared the flesh of his
knees, but he would not quit. He could not
quit—a sob shook him—he could not quit!

  This seemed a fearful dream, this smoth-
ering blanket of yellow, swirling, torturing,
like tongues of yellow flame, forced by a
hurricane blast, under a vellow skv.

  Gedge sobbed again in agony, but he
thought of the mother of the little girl in
San Bernardino. He thought of the world
of men, of the complex forces that arrest
and ofttimes abrogate the doling out of
justice—yellow dust, for instance, and the
failing sinews of a man, and a super-car
streaming through the golden morning.

  He did not think it in just that way, but
all of those words were in his simple speak-
ing of God’s name.

  Suddenly the dust was dissipated, and he
saw the roadster a quarter of a mile ahead.
They were crossing a hard lava outcropping.
Madly Gedge turned the throttle bar. He
gained, drew within fifty feet of the roadster
and again opened fire with his automatic.

  His shots were wild. They were making
perhaps thirty miles an hour. Abruptly the
big car seemed to reverse its movement.
Gedge in a twinkling perceived the illusion,
saw the man had applied his brakes to
wreck him.

  Gedge could not stop, but he could do
better for his adversary than hit his tire
rack. He saw that in a flashing moment,
and swung slightly to one side. There was a
deafening crash as the motorcycle tore the
right rear wheel from the roadster, and
there was a flash of light in Gedge’s brain
more dazzling than any desert sunlight.

  Gedge regained consciousness some hours
later to behold the man lying not far distant.
He blinked stupidly, for the man was dead.
Not until he had bathed his head with
water from the radiator did' he divine the
truth. Then he saw the crushed form of a
homed rattlesnake.

  The man, Gedge thought, must have
been so terrified he had even neglected to
kill Gedge.

  Then Gedge stared at the sand and
laughed crazily. It was of course absurd,
this imagery that came to him, for the bite
of the rattler must have been only incidental
to molestation—mother love is not an ophi-
dian trait. Yet he knelt unsteadily and in-
spected more closely a rock which had been
overturned, and blinked his eyes at the
imprint of a foot which had inadvertantly
ground into the earth two tiny sidewinders
no longer than pencils, young of the serpent
which had visited death upon the vandal.
Author of “To Beat the Band," “Heads in a Noose," etc.

Disappointment contended

with elation in the bosom of Peth-
bridge Barclay, apprentice nat-
uralist. It was a regular main
bout of a soul-struggle, mirrored in the pair
of frank blue eyes in horn-rimmed show-
cases and proven by the slump of the usu-
ally well-squared back and muscular young
shoulders.

  Pethbridge’s adequate feet pressed long-
ingly on the terra firma of British Guiana.
He shuddered as he gazed out across the
harbor of Georgetown upon the bounding,
the awfully bounding main he had so re-
cently quit. Must he put to sea again so
soon? Half hoping he had misapprehend-
ed, he moved farther out of the sun’s glare
and read through again the dispatch from
his idolized chief.

   You can not, therefore, join me at this time in the
interior. The fruits of the first expedition, rare
specimens indeed of South American mammals,
reptiles and birds, may not long survive their
cramped temporary quarters in Georgetown. Ad-
vices from the zoos, which are the consignees, report
them anxious to receive the fauna. And we have
good reason to fear the rivalry of Harbeck, who is
said to have made some very successful collections
and may anticipate us in the markets.

  Secure shipping at once, my boy, and escort the
specimens to New York with all the care for which
your training qualifies you. Improve your mind
with study of them en route, and be assured that you
shall form a part of the next expedition which coin-
cides with a leave of yours. I place this consider-
able scientific and monetary responsibility on you
with confidence.

  Believe me,

Your Friend and Mentor,

Joab Estill.

  The reader crumpled the letter into a
pocket of his linen suit. He eyed the De-
merara River, that trail into the mysteries
and fascinations of the jungle, and again he
eyed the obnoxious ocean. Disappoint-
ment scored a knock-down blow on the
solar plexus of the elation of responsibility.

  “Drat it!” swore young Mr. Barclay fer-
vently, and moved off, on still uncertain sea
legs, toward a cafe for something medicinal
to settle his stomach and his disappoint-
ment.

  Secure shipping—that was the matter he
must first attend to, he mused, as he sat at a
table and sipped a beverage recommended
as sure to settle anything. After all, there
could not be a whole lot more to that than
hiring a taxi. You just went down to the
waterfront and picked out a steady, com-
fortable-looking craft, asked the captain if
she rode easily and what the charges were,
loaded on your baggage, got in and sailed.

  Pethbridge prepared to go and to do so.
He gulped the rest of his drink hastily. It
burned distressingly.

  At the pained expression upon the coun-
tenance of Pethbridge, a voice croaked from
the next table—

  “Beware of rum.”

  Pethbridge saw a small, slight man with
a weatherbeaten face grown sallow. He
wore a goatee, a sad expression and nau-
tical attire.

  “Beware of rum, young feller,” he croaked
again.

  “Thanks awfully. I will next time,” the
apprentice naturalist replied gratefully.

88
Cap’n Noah Takes Command

89

  “Rum’s ruining me,” confessed the
stranger. “I was goin’ to take on a cargo
of it here. Planned to put out loaded to the
scuppers. Couldn’t have held another
barrel.”

   “And you were just warning me against a
glass of it!” Pethbridge gasped.

  “I don’t drink. I meant, ship it,” the
other said sadly. “But I sez to myself:
‘Cap’n Riker, if you load the Ossa with
Guiana rum with that crew you got aboard

her, there’ll be - and homicide on the

high seas. For you rightfully and wisely
know—and you’ve plainly informed the

crew ’emselves, that they’re the most-”

  At the flow of red-hot invective and
masterly characterization that ensued,
Pethbridge’s ears burned worse than his
throat had. Finally the conflagration
ceased, the little man stopping for breath.

   “You mean to say they are tough,” Peth-
bridge ventured.

  The captain answered even more sadly—
  “That was my general drift.”

For several minutes young Mr. Barclay
was lost in reflection. Then he asked—
“Captain, are they kind to animals?”

  The little man took a deep breath. He
seemed about to enter on further reference
to his crew and Pethbridge drew back
nervously. But he remarked laconically—
“Maybe that’s a good point I overlooked.”
“I ask because I need a boat,” the young
scientist explained.

   “The Ossa's as trim a little schooner as
you’ll find.”

   “I’d like to encourage a good boat.”

  “My ship’s free. As I told you, I
wouldn’t load a rum cargo. Now can’t get
nothing else. I’ll sign reasonable.”

  “All right. I’m in charge of a load of
animals collected by Mr. Estill, the noted
zoologist, to be delivered as soon as pos-
sible in New York. But are you sure your
crew won’t give trouble?”

   The captain drew his small frame erect.
“I’m not feeling at my best—touch of the
fever you get in these parts. And I’m not
heavy-fisted,” he acknowledged. “But with
no rum aboard but jest a cargo of perfectly
nachural animules that ain’t pink striped or
purple polka-dotted, I’ll guarantee to con-
trol my men by word of mouth, young feller. ”
“I don’t doubt it for a minute, sir,” Peth-
bridge hurried out. “Let us make the ar-
rangements.”

  They did and soon were on their way

through the sun-baked streets to the
wharves, where the prospective supercargo
desired to inspect the broadness of beam of
the Ossa and note her promise of stability
before closing the deal.

II

          THE good ship Ossa was working
UP into the Caribbean after some
very handy sailing aided by
Sr™. -“*■ winds which were favorable but
almost too boisterous in the opinion of Mr.
Pethbridge Barclay, naturalist. That or-
dinarily hale and husky young man found
himself exceedingly indisposed at the slight-
est motion of the ship and spent all possible
time flat on his back in his bunk. With
heroic devotion to duty, he roused himself
ever and anon and drove himself down into
the hold to see to the welfare of his
zoological charges. From that ordeal he
emerged pale and wan but with a sense of
pride, for thus far in the voyage he had lost
only a toucan and a pair of swimming mar-
supials. That he estimated as a creditable
performance for any naturalist who felt as
unnatural as he did.

   .Pethbridge also attended the bedside of
Captain Riker, who had succumbed to the
ravages of the fever he had contracted in
Guiana. While the little man was not
dangerously ill and seemed to know what
remedies to use, he was very weak and his
recovery slow. However, he would oc-
casionally summon the boatswain, “Bean”
Bracket, to his cabin and roar forth a vivid-
ly garnished order.

   “Just to let ’em know I ain’t lost my
voice,” he explained to Pethbridge. “Mr.
Storrs is a capable mate when it comes to
navigatin’. He’ll bring you and your zoo
to New York all right. But he’s too con-
founded mild and soft-spoken to put the
fear of a righteous wrath to come into the

sin-sunk hearts of this- bent and long

overdue collection of cutthroats of a crew.”

  “I trust you overestimate their ten-
dencies,” Pethbridge assured worriedly.
“But I must confess I have my misgivings,
too. That fellow they call ‘Red’ and that
‘Spanish Joe’— I fear they are hard char-
acters. And I doubt that they like my
animals.”

   “You doubt right. They don’t like ’em
a little bit. For why? Because they keep
thinkin’ of the rum that might have been
90

Adventure

stowed in the place of all them watch-you-
call-’ems.”

  “I simply ignore them. I don’t enter
into conversation with them.”

  “Hold close to that course, young feller.
You’re as soft-spoken as Storrs, only worse.
Keep ’em away from the medicine-chest
rum and watch out for Bean Bracket, the
bosun, who’s got some brains. Well, what
is it, mister?”

  Storrs, the mate, had entered the cabin.
He spoke up hesitatingly:

  “Cap’n, a committee of the crew has been
to me to complain. Say they can’t get any
sleep, what with the howlin’ monkeys and
the screechin’ what-nots makin’ the night
hidjous.” „

  “It is -’s own racket,” the captain

admitted. “Can’t pipe ’em down none,
young feller, can you? No? I s’pposed not.
Well, Mister, you tell that committee to tell

the crew with my compliments to-”

  The mate hastily interposed. “They say
they’d like a little medicine to make ’em
sleep, Cap’n.”

 “Medicine? Huh! Rum!”

  The captain rose on his bed of sickness
and commenced a smoking, sizzling biog-
raphy of his crew. He fastened on them the
seven deadly sins in rapid succession. He
affirmed there wasn’t a law of God or man
that had not suffered a compound fracture
at the impious hands of each and every one
of them. He cast sinister reflections on
their genealogy for generations back. He
inferred that a snake’s stomach was a lofty
affair compared with their mental and
moral characteristics. He conducted them
on a sort of Cook’s tour of Dante’s Inferno
and proclaimed they would distinctly lower
the tone of the place.

  “And don’t let ’em get at that rum in
the medicine chest!” he finished as he sank
back exhausted on his bunk.

THE little captain’s voice had
been stentorian to reach a pos-
sibly listening crew and regulate
their morale accordingly. But
he had neglected to pipe down in time
when he referred to the dangerous item
in the medicine-chest. Forgetting himself
in the artistry of his invocation, he had as
good as issued an invitation.

  Pethbridge feared the worst and con-
fided his fears to Storrs, who only shrugged
his shoulders helplessly and bent over his

charts. That afternoon, after the mess-
boy had reported the skipper weaker, the
crew made bold to realize the fears of the
naturalist for him.

  The first intimation he had of the ca-
lamity was a hubbub forward which resolved
itself into a chant by the educated boat-
swain. Bean was howling gleefully:

         “Fifteen men on a medicine-chest.

      Yo-ho-ho-”

  Mr. Storrs began bawling querulous orders
at the crew, who paid them not the slightest
degree of attention but began broaching
more of the kit’s stimulant, evidently ample
and lusty. The captain tossed fitfully and
impotently in his bunk and, nothing pre-
venting, high carnival was held on the high
seas.

  The seas were certainly too high for the
comfort of young Mr. Pethbridge Barclay.
He felt disinclined to interfere with the crew
for more reasons than that he was with-
out authority. Besides, what ever could he
say to them, if he should speak out? How
could he vie with that vocabulary of the
captain’s?

  The sound of revelry by afternoon in-
creased and then the mischief in the drunk-
en crew began to break loose. They went
below to the animal cages. Soon the rig-
ging was full of howling monkeys and
equally howling sailors. Bean and Red
mounted llamas and attempted to race the
creatures around the deck. Spanish Joe,
clutching his sheath knife, was in full pur-
suit of a rhea, proclaiming aloud his desire
for a chicken dinner.

  It was a most distressing sight from the
zoological standpoint which met the startled
eyes of Pethbridge as he stared out of a
cabin port.

  What could he do? What could he say
that those wild men would listen to? They
knew him as a silent fellow; he had purpose-
ly kept his scholarly language very quiet.
No use asking the captain what to say.
His delivery wouldn’t be convincing.

  Suddenly a loud chorus of squawks,
bleats and screeches made Pethbridge the
master of his mal de mer and the captain of
his tongue. He leaped through the cabin
door and placed himself between the terri-
fied rhea and the bloody-minded Spanish
Joe. Dashing up on a llama, Bean Bracket
gave a yell of delight.

  “Why it’s Cap’n Noah himself!” he cried.
Cap’n Noah Takes Command

9i

“Come on, Cap. Make this-circus of

yours do its tricks!”

The naturalist expanded his husky chest.
“Unhand that llama, you!” he roared.
“You pied wagtail! You Talamanca jay,
you! You spectacled parrotlet and pink-
necked fruit pigeon of a Barbary ape!”

  Bean gasped and fell off the Hama to the
deck where he seemed unable to rise. Peth-
bridge thrust his face toward the gaping
Spanish Joe, took another long breath and
began again.

  “You black-headed manniken!” he in-
sulted. “You gray shrike and kankajou.
If you’d harmed that bird, I’d have knocked
you for a row of common macaques. You
son of a Cereopsis goose, you haven’t got
the sense of a groove-billed ani!”

  Spanish Joe gave- way muttering. Warm-
ing to his work, Pethbridge turned on the
surprized Red.

  “There you are, you reddish seedeater!”
he stormed. “You crimson pileated finch,
you Mexican red-bellied squirrel! Speak
up, you chattering chachalaca, you blue-
footed Galapagos booby! You’re nothing
but a yellow-faced grassquit—that’s what
you are. And if you don’t like the name,
I’ll classify you further.”

  Pethbridge felt Storrs at his elbow.

  “Rake ’em with just a few more of them
wonderful cusswords, Mister,” begged the
mate in admiring tones. “If there’s any
argument left after that, I’ll end it.”

  He laid his hands on a pair of heavy re-
volvers in his belt.

  The crew shrank back, sobered, sheep-
ishly.

  “The rest of you wombats, bandicoots
and white-faced bulbuls, get1 those animals
back in their cages and handle with care,”
Pethbridge finished strongly.

Boatswain Bracket rose from the deck to
lead the work of recapture. On his hard
face was stamped deep respect and wonder.
He touched his forelock to Pethbridge.
“Aye, aye, sir, Cap’n Noah,” he said.

HI

Jfk THE Ossa sped rapidly on her

#	voyage northward, rapidly and
smoothly to the good content of
her zoologist - supercargo. He
spent the long days in the care and study of
his dumb charges, and none of them was
dumber than he. He had spoken to the

point and was generally acknowledged to
have said several mouthfuls; wherefore he
rested on his laurels and preserved a most
golden silence.

  Evenings he immersed himself in books
from a long black box placed in the main
cabin, learned treatises on zoology and
kindred natural sciences. The horn-rimmed
eyes seldom glanced up. Lips moved in the
commission to memory of the names of
species which might come in handy in the
event of need of another verbal bombard-
ment.

  Captain Riker, now up and about, bent
on the student a look less friendly, a regard
decidedly jaundiced. This youngster had
beaten him at his own game. True, he had
risen nobly to an emergency, but he need
not have hog-tied and horse-whipped the
king’s English in such a completely superior
and original manner that the crew shad no
respect any more for their skipper’s old-
fashioned, long-tried cussing. This voyage
with a lot of freak animals wasn’t paying so
much that it was worth the loss of prestige.
Maybe that cargo of Guiana rum would
have been better after all.

  “What are you all the time readin’ for,
young feller?” the captain asked sourly.

  “To improve my fragmentary knowledge
of the animal kingdom, Captain,” Peth-
bridge answered serenely. “Now here’s an

interesting bit about the giant whydah-”

  “To-with the giant what-is-it!” the

skipper fumed.

  “Why, Captain, it’s a very interesting
bird. Perhaps you are keener, though, on
something like the Tasmanian Devil. Those
little fellows may bring as high as three
hundred dollars in the zoo market.
They—”

  “I ain’t strong for your outlandish ani-
mules, young feller.”

  “Perhaps if you knew a little more about
them, Captain,” Pethbridge suggested gent-
ly. “Now there’s the Lapland lemming.
Extraordinary creature. I’ve made up a
little rhyme about him—at once amusing
and scientific. Allow me to quote:

   “Let’s not be too quick in condemning
     That queer little creature, the lemming.

          He migrates till he

         Goes and drowns in the sea,

    Without any hawing or hemming.”

“Do you like it?”

  “No!” the captain snorted.
92

Adventure

  He had the look of a man who has swal-
lowed a lighted stick of dynamite and is
endeavoring to smother the detonation.

  “But I would like it if you would come
out on deck and support me,” he said.

“This-crew takes no stock in what I

say any more unless their ‘Cap’n Noah’ i?
around to back me up. A fine state oi
affairs!”

  Pethbridge followed him on deck. They
were not far off the New Jersey coast now.
A fleet of ships hove to had been sighted.

  “The rum fleet!” the captain exclaimed
incautiously.

  The word flew around like wildfire. The
crew crowded to the rail, restlessly and
thirstily. The man at the wheel gradually
veered the Ossa’s course toward that ribald
sisterhood. Riker looked craftily at Peth-
bridge who stared back at him, speechless.
Soon the Ossa was within hail.

  “Ahoy, the schooner,” halooed a buc-
caneer from the nearest sloop.

  The captain answered the hail. The
crew licked their lips at the sight of* the cases
piled high on the deck.

  “Wanta make some money?” invited the
genial pirate. “Just lie to for a couple
days and serve as a store ship. Yacht’s due
in here from the Bahamas tomorrow loaded
deep with stuff. She can’t stick around.
Let her transship to you. All you gotta do
is hold it for a day or so till we kin run it
ashore. What say?”

  The captain’s eyes glinted.

  “You’re on!” he shouted back; then be-
gan to bark out orders.

  With an outburst of frantic cheering, the
crew sprang to obey. In a trice, the Ossa
was hove to, admitted to membership in the
rum fleet.

  Poor Pethbridge only found his tongue
when he was alone again in the cabin with
the captain.

  “This won’t do,” he protested indig-
nantly. “You’re getting us into all kinds of
trouble. Remember the rum! Outside of
that, it isn’t fair to delay a day longer mak-
ing port. I’ve lost several mammals and
birds already in this long voyage. More
will die every day more at sea. My chief
trusts me to get them through. This will
ruin my reputation!”

  The appeal in the eyes behind the horn-
rimmed glasses was pathetic. But the cap-
tain only cackled.

  “Go jump in the ocean, young feller,” he

urged. “Whatchuh goin’ to do about it,
huh, Cap’n Noah?”

  The not inefficient fists of young Mr.
Barclay clenched, but he held his peace.
He was well practised in that.

BY DUSK, the crew had bor-
rowed a supply of the liquid re-
freshments which so copiously
surrounded them and were begin-
ning to let ’er roar after a long abstinence.
Adopting a laissez faire, not to say a let-
her-rip policy, Captain Riker retired to the
smug seclusion of his cabin.

  In the shelter of a companionway, the
highly worried Pethbridge met the reticent
and retiring mate Storrs. From the deck
rolled in the raucous racket of a sea-chantey.

  “This is terrible, Mr. Storrs,” Peth-
bridge declared. “It isn’t square.”

   “You’re right it’s not,” was the comfort-
ing reassurance of the mate. “The old
man’s gone back on the articles he signed.
We all stand to land in the brig or worse.”
“It’s splendid to have you feel this way
about it,” the naturalist said.

  “But what can us two do?” the mate
groaned. “Even with your command of
bang-up cusswords. Riker skippers this
ship and the crew’s fast gittin’ orey-eyed.”
“We’ll fix the cap tain first,” Pethbridge as-
serted with sudden determination. “Come
on!”

   The struggle in the cabin was brief. The
little captain was helpless in the muscular
arms of young Mr. Barclay. Storrs devoted
all his attention to the gagging.

   “I’d better make it three layers of gag,”
the mate grunted. “What he wouldn’t say
if he could! Whew!”

   “I’m tying him up tight,” the other ad-
ded. “If he ever gets loose, he’ll have every
rum runner in the fleet down on us.”

  They laid the trussed-up Riker close
against the outer wall near the door, so that
a glance in would not discover him. Peth-
bridge moved his big black box pver in front
of him.

  “Now for the crew,” Storrs urged. “And
quick, while they’re still conscious and can
work the ship in. You tell ’em, Mr. Bar-
clay. I’m comparative tongue-tied.”
Squaring his shoulders, the naturalist
strode out among the roistering crew and
opened on them the floodgates of his scien-
tific vocabulary, not neglecting the Latin.
It was masterly and withering and the crew
Cap’n Noah Takes Command

93

tat silent under it while it played about
heir heads.

   But in the first pause, Bean, the boat-
swain, broke in with a crafty leer:

   “ ’S’all right, ol’ man Noah, but we got

orders from the real Cap’n. Who the--

are you, anyway? - animul keeper.

-zoo-ol—zoo-ol—zool’gust. What call

you got to call us names like that? Where’s
cap’n? Where’s real cap’n? C’mon, boys,
they put him away!”

  “My -! I forgot my guns!” Storrs

muttered in Pethbridge’s ear. “Beat it
for the cabin!”

  They ran for it and would have made it
with time to spare. But Spanish Joe had
been behind them. He was there first.
Grinning, he placed his bulk in front of the
cabin door and raised one hairy arm like a
hammer.

  Very deliberately, Pethbridge removed
his horn-rimmed glasses. Then he stepped
in and swung.

  Spanish Joe’s head snapped back. He
slumped to his haunches on the deck like a
trained bear. An expression of dazed sur-
prize spread over his face. It was dupli-
cated by one on Pethbridge’s.

   Pethbridge and Storrs leaped inside, but
in the gloom the hooked-back door could
not be released before the rush of the crew
had wedged Bean and Red in the narrow
doorway.

  Then Pethbridge thrust forward the big
black box, grasping its lid.

   “Get out,” he yelled. “Or I’ll let every
snake in here loose!”

   Seemingly from the box a terrific hissing
and sputtering arose.

   With a shriek of terror, Red flung him-
self back into the press of the crew behind
him. They tumbled over each other in
wild disorder.

  But Bean Bracket, the educated boat-
swain, stood his ground. His still keen
eyes had pierced the shadows of the cabin.
He bent a sinister, knowing look on his
adversaries.

  “You can’t fool me,” he jeered in a
sobered voice. “Thought I was boiled,
didn’t yuh. Not yet, not yet. I want to
tell yuh I know a snake when I don’t see
one—if you get what I mean. Say, what’s
that heap there?”

  The heap proceeded to identify itself.
Having bitten through his gags, Captain
Riker became loudly and luridly articulate.

Bean stepped forward and unbound him.

  “Lock up those two -!” the captain

commanded hoarsely. “They’ll hang for

 mutiny!”

  “Aye, aye, sir,” the boatswain replied.
 “And now, sir, perhaps something to revive
 you after that experience-”

  The cabin door slammed on the naturalist
 and the mate. The key grated in the lock.
 Sounds of redoubled conviviality rolled in in
 waves. The captain and the crew were
 toasting each other.

  “This is terrible!” Pethbridge groaned.
 Storrs nodded a sad assent.

  The racket without increased. They had
 reached the singing stage again. Above it
 all rose Red’s bull bellow:

       “I went to the animules’ fair.

All the birds and the beasts was there.

The ole baboon by the light of-”

  “Mr. Storrs,” Pethbridge cried in ago-
 nized tones. “That means they’ll soon be
 at my animals again.”

  Evening wore on into black night. The
 uproar increased. Decks were pounded by
 feet in a bacchanalian rout. Somebody
 took up the song again—

“I went to the animules’ fair-”

   They danced to it, chanted it at the top of
 lusty lungs.

      “The monkey he got drunk
      And climbed up the elephunt’s trunk-”

  To the listening prisoners came the rau-
 cous shout of the educated boatswain:

  “What ho, m’ hearties! Below, below,
 belay. Monkey’sh not drunk yet. Can’t
 climb elephunt’s trunk ’thout a drink.
 Below decks to animals’ fair!”

  The creaking of hatch covers came to the
 ears of Pethbridge. He strained in vain at
 the stout cabin door.

  But the key turned in the lock. In the
 doorway stood the captain, frightened, so-
 bered.

  “Stop ’em,” he begged weakly. “Gone
 too far. Awful sorry.”

  Pethbridge sprang on deck. At his com-
 mand, the captain and the mate flung on
 the hatches, battened them down. Peering
 through a ventilating shaft, he saw the one
 lantern of the roistering crew wink out.
 The blackness of the hold caused a sudden
 hush except for the noises of the various
 animals.
94

Adventure

  In a stentorian voice, the naturalist
hailed.

  “Below there,” he shouted. “Careful of
those cages. I won't be responsible for
what happens to you. You laughed at the
idea of snakes in the cabin. But it’s the
truth you’re keeping company down there
with fine specimens of an anaconda and a
boa constrictor.”

  “The boas have no poison fangs, but their
powers of crushing are great. They are
able to swallow whole animals, the size of
a goat or so. I wonder who’s going to be
the goat down there. The boa constrictor
attains a length of twelve feet or more,
but the anaconda is much larger. The

anaconda with its prey-”

  From the terrifying darkness rose a few
whimpers of terror, then some maudlin
cries for mercy, some thick-voiced promises
to behave. But Bean Bracket laughed.

  “That you, Mr. Bracket?” Pethbridge
spoke up quickly. “You won’t fail to ap-
preciate meeting the little family of vam-
pires in your midst. I noticed their cage
was not so secure the other day. You know
the old superstitions about their being the

ghosts of terrible women who rise from the
grave and drain the heart’s blood of men.
‘A fool there was’, eh? Just superstition,
of course. These are only blood-sucking
South American vampire bats. They only
fasten on your throat when you’re fast
asleep. Everybody down there feel good
and wide awake?”

  With the moans and pleas of the crew
mingled the weird, eerie jungle cries of the
animals. Again the voice of Pethbridge
broke in and dominated it all with some
nerve-wracking bit of his naturalistic lore.

  After an hour, a pale and shakey crew
were released. Unsteadily_they worked the
Ossa into port.

  Her master, Captain Riker, next day en-
tertained ship news reporters who came for
the story of the valuable zoo consign-
ments.

  “All credit’s due to the young feller in
charge of the animules,” the captain an-
nounced magnanimously. “It was him
tamed one of the roughest crews that ever
sailed. Why, the night ’fore we made
port, he had ’em all listenin’ to bedtime
stories!”

                                        \
' Alithofjof “The Bush Lopers,” “The Homesteaders,” etc.

The first part of the story briefly retold in story form.

p*RANK ELLIS woke up one bright morning in
California Gultch to find himself a total failure.
Through the winter of 1862 he had trailed from one
holding to another until the gold mining season was
at a close. He was penniless, and he had a sister
back east who believed him a great success. There
was nothing left for him to do but take a job over
the lunch counter of the Great Western Hotel,
under the hand of George Skillings, boss.

  As he was serving his first meal to a group of
miners, traders and mine employees, he uncon-
sciously burst into a plaintive song.

  “Stop that-racket,” the boss roared.

  From that time on he was the “Singing Pilgrim.”

  The Pilgrim became a drawing card. Nate Goss,
the gambler; “Rabbit,” the Indian, doomed to death
by his tribe on a charge of killing a brother tribes-
man; “Ancient Days,” an old-time placer miner;
“Bones,” a man with a delusion of great prehistoric
beasts in the gulches—all fell into the lure of the Pil-
grim’s voice.

  “Whip King,” reputed to be the best wagon-train
boss between the river and the coast, arrived in the
gulch with a starting crack of his monstrous whip.
He had no special destination, no special enemies,
and he cared little for firearms. But he proved to
be the friend of many restless men who fought
constantly. Many was the time that his long lash
sent men, armed with six-shooters, cowering in the
corner.

  With the season almost ended and too many men
finding almost no gold, things in California Gulch
became a bit thick. Goss had a fight with Charlie
Dodge, the monte gambler, as a result of unfair
play, and finally the Pilgrim fought with his boss.
The fight itself was inconsequential, but a threat
loomed in the background when the Pilgrim swore
vengeance.

  That night Skillings, the boss, was found with a
knife in his heart, and the Singing Pilgrim was mis-
sing from California Gulch.

EXAMINATIONS of Skilling’s effects brought to
light counterfeit money amounting to twenty
thousand dollars. The mob, almost in a frenzy,
shouted—

  “Hang the Pilgrimi Hang the Singing Pilgrim:”

  And added to this they accused Goss of being
implicated in the counterfeiting gang, giving him a
chance of leaving town immediately or risking the
circumstances if he stayed. He left.

  With the aid of Rabbit, the Pilgrim stole away
in the night, an innocent outcast. For many days
they wandered, until the Pilgrim lost the Rabbit
when pursued by the Utes, the tribe of Indians to
which the Rabbit belonged. Certain death threat-
ened the Pilgrim. He was saved miraculously by
the reappearance of Rabbit, whom the tribe
worship as a god, calling him, the Walking Dead
Man.

  An outcast by the name of Lomson who had
affiliated himself with the tribe also came into the
camp. Trouble began anew. By mistake the Pil-
grim and Lomsom went into the sacred medicine
tent to smoke a pipe of tobacco out of the rain.
The Indians found them there, and in his excite-
ment, the Pilgrim put a small idol in his pocket
which he had in his hand at the time of the Indians’
entrance.

  The discovery of the loss of the idol put the camp
in a turmoil, the Pilgrim was gain accused and
threatened with death. Court was held, and Rabbit
promised that the idol would be restored with the
release of the Pilgrim. He was unsuccessful, and
only through great stealth and cunning did the Pil-
grim finally escape from the camp of his enemies.

RUT his escape only threw him into more violet
hands. Exhausted from travel and want of
food, the Pilgrim came to the cabin of Jonathan
Leaper, an outlaw, who offered to keep him over
night. Bill Waggle, also spending the night there,
recognized the Pilgrim but was turned out.

95
96

Adventure

  The reason for this came to light the next morn-
ing when Leaper robbed the Pilgrim, bound him to
a mule and turned them both loose on the wild,
rocky passes.

  After a long period of intense suffering, the Pil-
grim was rescued by United States Marshall Farn-
ham, and together they went back to the cabin and
captured Leaper.

  During this time, Goss arrived in Denver where
he met Whip King, Waggle.

  Before the Pilgrim reached the city, his sister,
Annie, arrived from the East unexpectedly. When
the Pilgrim arrived, he was sought out by Goss, who
made all arrangements for sister and brother to get
out of town before the Pilgrim should be discovered
by the deputies. Whip King offered his ranch, sev-
eral miles from the city, and the Pilgrim and his
sister were guided there.

  Goss, following them, strayed from the main trail,
and came to De Louge’s cabin where four men were
playing cards. He was permitted to join in the
game, and soon had most of the winnings. En-
raged by defeat, Burt Damon cheated and was ac-
cused by his pal, “Snap.” Damon stabbed Snap
and started for Goss, who shot him through the
head. Goss collected the money he had won, and
keeping himself covered from De Louge and the
other men, went out into the night.

{~JOSS finally found his way to Canon City, from
where he hastened to Pueblo, stopping for a
brief call at the ranch where the Pilgrim and Annie
were living.

  Shortly after his departure, DeLouge and his
two understudies, Snap and Seth, arrived, searching

BROTHER and sister stared in si-
lence at him as if scarcely sensing
| his words. The girl was almost
incredulous as she slowly said:
“And I needn’t ever be afraid again that
every horseman I see has come to take
Frank away? And I needn’t keep awake
at night, listening to learn if a rider is turn-
ing in here, or going up or down the
valley?”

  Frank found his tongue and excitedly
cried—

  “Think of it, Annie! I can hold up my
head among folks, tell who I am and where
I came from. I can sing a song and not care
if they know I’m the Singing Pilgrim. I’m
just ordinary folks again. Hooray!”

  And in his exuberance he threw back his
head and broke off to sing “Bright Fields
Beyond the Swelling Flood.”

  With her blue eyes blurred with tears the
girl turned her flushed face away and in a
scarcely audible voice asked—

  “When did you go to Canon City?”
“Night before last. Early in the morning
when I passed here,” replied Goss.

  “And I heard your horse and was awake,

for him. Annie sensed trouble.and hotly said that
she did not know Goss. Later on the same day
Vince Moore called, and, upon the first insult, was
thoroughly beaten up by the Pilgrim. This proved
to be the turning point in the Pilgrim’s weakness
of character.

  “I fear no man now,” he declared.

  Shortly after Goss arrived in Pueblo he met
Lomsom, who had deserted the Utes for the season
He tried to interest Goss in some placers that he
claimed to be known only to himself. During cne
of their conversations they met a man who was
known as “Black Bill.” Cards followed, Black Bill
cheated, and a fight ensued, during which Bill
escaped into the darkness.

  Directly on top of this incident, DeLouge ap-
peared and told Goss that a duel would be the only
way to settle the trouble between them. While
they were making plans for the fight, they learned
that Vince Moore and a gang of his followers were
planning to attack Ellis at his ranch to get revenge
for the beating he gave Vince.

  Goss and DeLouge immediately forgot their own
quarrel and set out to cut off the plotters before
they came to the ranch.

  Out on the plains, not far from the Ellis place,
the two factions met, and open battle ensued in
which several of Ellis’ enemies were; slain, a few
escaping.

  DeLouge then declared that the duel with Goss
was off, maintaining that Goss was “licked” already
when he let one of his men get away un-
scratched.

  Goss then turned his thoughts from the gambling
table to prospecting.

fearing the old fear. And you went by
without stopping.”

  “You’re a shrewd one, Annie!” cried her
brother. “I’d never had brains to think
of that after hearing Nate’s good news. Of
course he went by without stopping. What
made you do that, Nate?”

  “Trip was unexpected. Had to make it in
the night. Saved my call for this morning.
And if I’d stopped I might have missed
Whip King and wouldn’t have learned you
are no longer wanted,” glibly answered
Goss.

  “Say, Nate,” babbled Ellis, “I feel like a
prisoner for life who’s suddenly been turned
loose. Never knew till now what a hold it
had on me.”

  And nothing now would suffice to express
his feelings except a stanza from “Sweet
Betsy from Pike.”

The girl faced Goss and tried to explain:
“When I worked I tried to keep my face
to the window so I could look out. If I had
to turn my back I was nervous till I could

face around. In the day and at night-”

  She hurried into her room and dosed the
door.
Pards

97

  Ellis ceased his singing and gazed after
her for a moment, then said:

  “Hit the old girl pretty hard. Queer how
women cry when they’re happy. But happi-
ness can’t hurt any one.”

  And he returned to his song and sang
it with much feeling. Finally he broke off
to say:

“Nate, you brought me good luck from
the first talk we had up the side of the
gulch. I’m much obliged. You knojv that.”
Shyness overcame him. Then he was
running on:

  “It’ll seem good to be called the Singing
Pilgrim again. When they called me that
I used to think I was almost somebody.
And yet, who could have killed Skillings?”
“Hush. She’ll hear. When do you two
want to start? First travel in the spring, I
suppose. I’ll buy out your interest and put
some one on here to run the ranch. You
have a paying proposition started. Your
share is worth good money. I’d say, as a

guess-”

  The door of the girl’s room banged open
and she was before them, her eyes blazing.

  “We have not a paying proposition
started,” she fiercely told them. “You
started it. It’s your money. We’ve been
living out of your money. Our share is
nothing yet.”

  “But we three are partners,” insisted her
brother, with a side glance at the account
book.

  “Partners after we’ve done something to
make up for the money he’s put in.”

  With a suddenness that astounded the
gambler she was out of her dramatic mood
and was smiling broadly, and was marveling:
“To think of it! It’s like being hit on the
head with a club to be cured of a sickness!
Everything was wrong with Frank, with me,
with the world. We went into hiding down
here. You put in money. Mr. Frazer
helped with advice. And out of what we
believed to be the worst sort of misfortune
we’ve really started to do something for our-
selves. If we stay here and develop this
place we will have an interest in a paying
proposition. But one thing is sure, Mr.
Goss, you’d never develop it. I don’t be-
lieve you’d ever bother even to find some
one to take up the work. So, Frank, it’s
for you and me to get Mr. Goss’ money
back with interest. After that’s done we’ll
think about going back east.”

  “I’ll be darned!” muttered her brother in

  7

  great surprize. “How many times you’ve
said you wished we both were east the Mis-
sissippi? I was sure you’d be the first to
toss up a hat and hurrah. Why, Annie, I’m
not keen to pull out. Nothing in the east
for me. Of course we’ll stay and not leave
old Nate to pocket a loss.”

  “Just forget me and my loss,” Goss re-
quested. “It’s seldom I take a loss. I
sha’n’t on this place. Land values are sure
to go up here. I’m sure to take a good profit
if never a crop is put in.”

  “Nonsense,” scoffed the girl. “You for-
get you don’t own the land. You’re just
talking. Frank and I are agreed to remain
and carry out our plans.”

  Goss’ face became very mobile, and it was
a decided grin and not a smile that showed
his teeth. He eagerly said:

  “If you two feel that way I’m confident
you’ll make this a handsome paying piece
of property. I’ll guarantee I can arrange
with Ancient Days to sell on terms that can
easily be met. Now I’ll be jogging on.”
“Why! you’ve just come,” cried the girl.
“I’m always just coming or going,” was
his whimsical reply. “But I’ll try to be
more neighborly. I want to keep an eye on
those accounts. I’m just remembering to
mention the fact I’m still thinking strong of
prospecting a bit next season. Down in the
hills south of the river, perhaps. That
country hasn’t been overrun yet, and from
talk at Pueblo I’ve got the notion there’s
gold to be found down there.”

  “Neither gold nor silver has been re-
ported down there,” gravely warned Ellis.

  “None reported in California Gulch until
a discovery was made. There are lots of fat
lodes in the territory that a white man
hasn’t struck a pick into yet. I don’t doubt
but that Lomsom, the White Chief of the
Utes, could lead us to a dozen that no other
white man ever saw.”

  “The wicked truth, Nate, as sure’s you’re
born!” readily surrendered Ellis. “And if
you go, I’m going. Just one more try,
Annie, and I’m sure I’ll strike it rich.”
“That’s to be talked about,” she evaded.
“Just now I’m interested in inducing Mr.
Goss to stay to dinner.”

  But Goss insisted he must be traveling,
and invented several fictitious reasons for
an immediate departure. As he talked she
studied him throughfully, and for once his
poker face failed as a mask. After he had
finished she quietly told him:
98

Adventure

  “I don’t know why you are in such a
hurry. You haven’t said. But go. Some
time you’ll feel like staying.”

  He mumbled further excuses and went
outdoors and mounted. Ellis eagerly called
his attention to the few improvements, and
then remembered to inquire—

  “How’s luck these days?”

  “So, so, if you mean cards. If you mean
other things, luck is bully. I have an idea
that I’m slowly, very slowly, working out
of the card business. Perfectly honorable,
you know. Perfectly moral, but perhaps
too uncertain unless a man can always re-
main young.”

SOME farmers in the valley
sowed wheat in February, and
March brought planting weather
for all. Frazer and his wife and
three neighbors gave two days’ work at the
Ellis place. Mrs. Frazer and Annie Ellis
not only cooked the meals but found much
time to care for the many hens and to help
with the planting. This kindly assistance
made it possible for Ellis and his sister to
complete sowing all that Frazer deemed
advisable for this, their first year.

  With the sun climbing higher each day
and the Arkansas steadily rising as the
snow-water poured down from the moun-
tains there came the surge of spring opti-

mism to brother and sister. The winter had
been like an Indian summer, a pleasant re-
lief from the stern cold of white months east
of the Mississippi.

  Yet the voices of running waters, the
budding and leafing of the trees and the
genial warmth of the sun supplied to each of
the young pioneers the belief that something
extremely good was always about to happen.
This confidence mounted with the sun. Old
fears were forgotten. The tragedy enacted

close by the ranch house was something

very far off.

  Then one day, when the planting was
finished, Goss and an Indian rode up to the
house. Annie eyed the swarthy complexion
and prominent cheek bones askance. Her
brother gave a yelp of joy and ran to shake
the Indian’s hand and exclaim :

  “The Rabbit! Annie, come here and meet
my friend, the man who saved my life.
How did you happen to meet him, Nate?”
The girl shook hands and wondered if the
man understood English.

   “It is good to see you, Miss Ellis. I like
your brother,” the Rabbit told her.

  She faltered a welcome, taken aback by
his excellent English. Goss remarked:
“Seems I am nobody’s friend. I might
as well be out in a snowstorm without any
blankets.”

  “We are glad to see you, partner,” she
demurely greeted. “After Frank has shown
you about the place you both come in and
have something to eat.”

  She left them and Frank proudly ex-
hibited the extent of their planting. He
tried to learn the cause for the gambler’s
coming, but Goss would say nothing until
they were indoors. Then he explained:
“The Rabbit brought me a message from
Lomsom, White Chief of the Utes. I told
you about Lomsom trying to break away
from the Indians last fall and being recog-
nized by Pete Dotson in Pueblo and com-
pelled to run for it. He went back to the
mountains and his Indians. Now he’s
broken away and is ready to try his luck
at gold mining. He wants me to meet him
somewheres down on the Huerfano. The
Rabbit knows just where he’s waiting and
will guide me. I’m also asked to bring
Ancient Days and Joe Hasty along.

  “You remember Hasty as Big Bones, only
he isn’t crazy anymore and doesn’t remem-
ber anything of California Gulch, Frank.
And you’re included in the invitation. Lom-
som left it to me to pick the men. He
insisted there should be no more than six
of us all told. Now the question is, will it
be wise for you to make the trip after getting
such a fine start at farming? If I’d known
how much land you’d broken up and planted
I don’t know as I’d have asked you.”

  “Land is good,” said the Rabbit. “No
hunting for gold where corn and vege-
tables are planted. It’s there, where the
seed comes through the ground.”
Pards

99

  “I’d never forgiven you if you’d passed
me by,” declared Ellis. “I’ve said right
along I’d have one more try at prospecting.
That Lomsom ought to know where gold
can be found. By your tell he’s had the
run of the mountains for going onto three
years, and knows places where white men
don’t dare go. If the Rabbit thinks well
enough of it to quit hunting game to hunt
gold why shouldn’t I try it while crops are
growing?”

  “I’m to have two dollars a day as guide
and a sixth interest in whatever is found,”
explained the Rabbit. “I wish to earn some
money for my folks.”

  Annie was recalling her brother’s gro-
tesque story of a man voluntarily returning
home to be executed, and she fell to trem-
bling because of the inexorable tragedy of
it all. Goss perceived her emotion and said:
“If your sister is willing you can go. If
not, you can’t.”

  “The crops are in. It’s simply a matter
of waiting and hoeing a bit,” insisted Ellis.
The girl asked Goss:

  “Is there any danger in this trip? I mean
danger aside from the natural risks of
mining.”

  “There shouldn’t be any,” he readily re-
plied. “We’re going where no gold dis-
coveries have been made. It’s far enough
among the hills to .be away from the Plains
Indians. The man Lomsom is a white man,
yet chief of a band of Utes. We should go
and do our work without meeting any one.
Really, I can’t see as it’s any more risky
than shooting prairie chickens. But no one
can foresee the unexpected.”

  “Then Frank shall go,” she decided. “I
will stay with the Frazers. Mrs. Frazer is
a dear. When will you start? How long
will you be gone?”

  “We must start a week from today. As
my idea is to sell and not attempt to work
any lode we find I’d say we should be back
inside of six weeks. If we’re lucky we’ll
be back much sooner. We’ll start from
Pueblo to escape being followed by those
who think every man with a pack-mule has
struck it rich. The Rabbit goes from here
to Canon City to pick up Ancient Days and
Joe Hasty. On his way to Pueblo he’ll stop
here and get Frank. You’ll need your gun
and a horse, Frank. I’m riding back to
Pueblo today to arrange for the outfit.
We’ll take two pack-mules and the horses
we ride. If you’ll be good enough to feed

 us, the Rabbit will be on his way. He’s in a
 hurry. If Ancient and Hasty have left
 Canon he’ll have to follow them.”

   “You can eat very soon. But just why
 are you anxious to have those two men?”
 inquired the girl as she began preparing
 a meal.

   Goss flushed and confessed:

   “Joe Hasty is said to be lucky. I’m
 superstitious, I fear. And Hasty won’t go
 on any trip unless Ancient is along. While
 waiting for the Rabbit to return you two
 will have time to make arrangements with
 the Frazers.”

   “But you’re not riding to Pueblo today?”
 objected Ellis.

   “That was just talk,” added his sister.
 “He can stay here a few days, or long enough
 to get acquainted with his third of the
 place.”

   Goss compromised by agreeing, “I’ll wait
 over until morning. My horse has earned
 that much rest.”

   The Rabbit ate and without a word ran
 out to his horse and rode away. “He knows
 the white man’s ways. He reads ovur books
 and talks our lingo as well as we do, and yet
 he is all Indian,” mused Goss, looking after
 the receding figure. “I really believe he’s
 rather fond of me. I know he likes Frank,
 but off he goes without a word. He’s
 pleased you had him to dinner, but off he
 goes without so much as a thank you.”

   “He may be part white at times, but he
 was red when he talked to the Utes,” re-
 minded Elhs with a little shiver.

   That afternoon the three of them rode
 over to the Frazer place and quickly ar-
 ranged for the girl to stay there. Early
 next morning Goss started for Pueblo, the
 high spring sun bringing new hopes to him
 as it had to Ellis, to all Colorado. Those
 who had fared poorly in 1862 were now confi-
 dent of largesses from 1863. Veteran pros-
 pectors with three years of failure back of
 them renewed their faith and outfitted for
 another endeavor, firmly believing that this
 season their luck would turn.

   In crossing Colorado this season the
 climbing sun saw General Hooker’s four
 corps at the farmhouse known in history
 as Chancellorsville; saw Stonewall Jackson
 execute one of his masterly turning move-
 #ments. Grant was completing his plans for
 the campaign against Vicksburg, and events
 were shaping to add the town of Gettysburg
 to imperishable history. The return of
IOO

Adventure

 spring was creating the belief that the
 national dissension was nearing the end.

        ON THE Arkansas River ranch
23L™ young Ellis was lifted up, and he
relieved his exuberance with much
singing. His sister, not so light
of heart, believed he was thinking about
the prospecting trip, but it was the spring
air that made him sing and hope. One
morning while he was indulging in the
pathos of “My Old Kentucky Home,” his
mellow voice climbing like the lark, his
sister came to the door and called out:
“Three horsemen from the west. One of
them looks like the Indian you call the
Rabbit.”

  He ran toward the road, waving his arms.
The Indian lifted his open hand and came
on at a furious gallop. Ancient Days gave
a wild whoop and tore madly by the In-
dian. He was wearing new buckskins,
heavily fringed, and thoroughly looked the
mountain man freshly outfitted. Joe Hasty,
riding sedately as one who approaches
strangers, kept back of the Rabbit.

  Ancient had a practical purpose in racing
ahead of his two companions: for his first
words to Ellis were:

  “Don’t call him Big Bones. He’s his old
self again. Ain’t had a spell since you see
him last. Don’t remember nothing about
you, or about being in the gulch. You’re
meeting him for the first time, Pilgrim.
Howdy do, ma’am. You must be the
Pilgrim’s sister. Mighty purty young
woman.”

  He dismounted and shook hands with
them and eyed the girl in open admiration,
and declared:

  “Purty’s a picter. Lawdi but I’d move
beyond the river if I’d ever known they
grew ’em so purty back there.”

  The girl showed almost all her teeth as
she laughingly made him welcome, then
turned to meet the Indian and Hasty. The
latter gave no sign of having seen Ellis be-
fore. Like the red man he was taciturn.
Ancient Days did the talking for the three
of them. The girl left them for her brother
to entertain while she hurried food to the
table. The men wandered over the ranch
and Ancient marveled at the plowed ground
and declared it beat all, and that he never
dreamed stuff would grow there. At the
end of an hour’s inspection he was talking
as volubly as ever. Ellis surmised the old

 fellow had fortified himself for the trip with
 several drinks in Canon City for he talked
 almost unceasingly. Hasty told him—•
 “You oughter hog-out that voice of yours
 before long.”

   “A purty gal always starts me talking,”"
 loudly declared Ancient. “I’m hungry to
 look at her again, she’s that pink-and-
 white.”

   He led the way to the house and immedi-
ately on entering he told the girl—

   “Takes Nate Goss to know a good bargain
 when he sees it?”

  He amused her and she liked him on
sight, but his assertion caused her brows to
rise questioningly. Joe Hasty muttered
something at Ancient’s ear, and the latter
quickly amended, “Meaning this ranch,
Ma’am.”

   “Meaning this ranch,” she prompted soft-
 ly but with her gaze quickening.

   “Just so. Here I’ve been pitying him for
 buying it, and now I’ll be darned if he didn’t
 know what he was up to, and if. he didn’t
 make a mighty good bargain.”

   “—— fool!” softly hissed Hasty.

   The girl’s gaze was a bit wild as she looked
 from him to her astounded brother. Hasty
 growled, “Worked yourself half a mile deep
 in cap.” Ancient realized he had talked too
 freely and was alarmed and confused. He
 would have turned the conversation had not
 the girl pinned him down by demanding,
 “Just when did Mr. Goss buy this place
 of you?”

   “In a way of speaking, ma’am, I wouldn’t
 go so far as to say that he ever bought it,”
 he desperately replied.

  Ellis caught him by the shoulder and
whirled him about and warned:

  “None of that, Ancient. We know all
about it. My sister asked just when did he
buy it?”

   “Oh, ——! Joe Hasty read the signs. He
sent up a signal smoke and I wouldn’t look
at it. Last fall, a night when he was buying
a mule load of grub for you.”

   “Of course,” softly said the girl. “Bought
 it last fall.”

   Ancient hopefully added:

   “Joe’n me drunk up half the money with-
out scarcely stirring from our tracks. Every
round of drinks must a cost me an acre of
' impfoved land. Leastwise, it remembers
like that.”

  “He promised Goss he’d never yip a
word,” gloomily informed Hasty. “Now
Pards

101

he’s busted his promise because he would
h’ist in more drinks’n he needed.”

  Ancient was now much worried, and he
lamented:

  “It was the whisky. Hall give me a
different kind of a bottle. Goss’ll cut my
throat when he hears I’ve let the cat out the
bag. Pilgrim, you ask your purty sister to
keep her trap closed about my talking.”
Ellis did not appear to hear him, but
dazedly exclaimed:

  “Good land! Nate has owned this land
all the time besides putting money into it.
And we thought it was even-Stephen, three
equal partners.”

  “Let’s not talk about it any more,” broke
in his sister. “What we have to eat is on
the table. Draw up and help yourselves.
Frank and I have eaten.” And as she
bustled about to get them seated she picked
up the account book and tossed it into the
box that served as a cupboard.

  Ancient continued to be uneasy. He ate
in silence and watched through the window,
fearing lest the gambler put in an ap-
pearance. Finally he said:

  “Hope you’re ready for the road, Pilgrim.
We’re oughter be riding at once.”

  Ellis looked at his sister, wondering if the
disclosure was to change their plans. She
read his question and told him:

  “Mr. Goss wishes to start as soon as
possible. All the more need to find some
gold. I’ll go along with you as far as the
turn to Frazer’s. Mr. Frazer’s man will
take the cows over to his place and some one
will be over every day to look after the
hens.”

  With the meal finished and the dishes
washed and the rooms swept, Ellis went to
harness the horses to the light carriage. The
Indian and Hasty followed him, but Ancient
Days timidly lingered and told the girl:

  “I hope, ma’am, you won’t ever let on
about Goss buying this place. I cut open
a big dog when I mentioned it. Meaning,
ma’am, I put my foot in and sprung the
trap. Goss will be most powerful angry at
me. So if you can manage to do what I
couldn’t, keep your trap closed.”

  “I’ll make no promises I can’t keep,” she
sternly interrupted.

  Dejected and mournful of mien he started
for the door and was befuddled to find her
hand clutching his fringed sleeve and to hear
her whispering—

  “Oh, I’m so glad you told me!”

  “Pink’n white. Purty’s a picter,” he
mumbled as he hurried to his horse.

  For most of the way to Frazer’s the party
kept together. When it came time for the
girl to turn off the road the men waited
while Ellis escorted her to the ranch. In a
short time he galloped back and the journey
was resumed. Ancient immediately pleaded
with Ellis to say nothing to Goss about the
broken promise.

  Ellis quieted him by saying:

  “I’m under promise already to my sister.*
She’ll be the one to do the talking.”

  The Rabbit rode some distance ahead and
ended the thirty odd miles of travel half an
hour ahead of the others. The three whites
found him helping Goss to complete assem-
bling the outfit. The gambler greeted them
and bruskly announced:

  “We start early in the morning. Every-
thing is ready except packing the loads.
There’s nothing more to be done except to
see that Ancient has no more liquor. If he
takes another drink we’ll have the whole
town trailing after us.”

  “He told every one in Canon about
Bowen’s mine and there was so many chas-
ing Bowen that no one could keep him in
sight. Weplumb lost him,”grumbled Hasty.

  “That’s harsh, Joey. Mighty harsh to
say about an old pard,” mildly rebuked
Ancient. “But Iain’thoning for more liquor.
It’s taught me an awful lesson.” Then
catching Ellis’ accusing gaze he added—
“Feel now like I’d never tech the stuff
again.”

  He was imprisoned in one of Uncle Tommy
Suttles’ rooms until an hour before sunrise.
When he joined his friends at breakfast he
learned the mules were packed’and that the
start would be made at once.

  The initial step, the fording of the Ar-
kansas, was disagreeable, as the stream was
a hundred feet wide and held nearly three
feet of icy, swift flowing water. The town
was asleep when they pulled out, and still
slept when they made the southern bank
and entered the broken mesa country, that
stretched away west and south to the foot-
hills of the Sangre de Cristo range.

UP CAME the sun to warm and
cheer them and dazzle their eyes
whenever they glanced at the
snowy peaks. They were travel-
ing over the bed of an ancient sea that once
stretched from what the last tick of Time’s
102

Adventure

clock permits mortals to name Iowa to the
Wasatch Mountains.

  And this, eons before the mighty Rocky
Mountains came into existence. The im-
mensity of the thought appealed to none
of the travelers, although marine shells were
common enough in the exposed rocks along
the lower reaches of the river. When a
short distance from the river bank Ellis saw
what he took to be an embedded shell and
was pointing it out to his companions when
Ancient tugged his arm and glanced at Joe
Hasty and shook his head. He motioned for
Ellis to allow the others to draw a bit ahead
and then whispered:

  “Don’t say nor do nothing that’ll make
Joey think about what used to be here
back as early as Bible times. A shell might
set his mind to thinking about them big
animals.”

  The Rabbit as guide had nothing to do
in this early stage of the journey. For ten
miles their way led to the St. Charles and
the path was well established by Pete Dot-
son and a few other settlers between that
stream and Pueblo. They passed through a
flat, treeless, waterless stretch of cacti and
sage brush and halted briefly on the bank.
The clear, rapid stream, two feet deep and
forty feet wide, was locked in its course by
hundred-foot bluffs.

  The bottom varied from five hundred to
fifteen hundred feet in width. The river
was soon forded and a course taken that
skirted the eastern foothills of the Green-
horn range. If not for the visions of wealth
somewhere ahead, they would have found
the country depressing, as there was no
timber except the thin growths of cedar in
the flat mesas. The Rabbit laconically in-
formed that the country was good for shel-
tering and raising stock because it was
broken into deep, narrow valleys and
ravines.

  At the end of eighteen miles of leisurely
travel they halted in the half-mile wide
valley of Muddy Creek. Ancient Days was
eager to start prospecting at once, but Joe
Hasty eyed the black slate and dark blue
limestone out-croppings in disgust, while
the Rabbit reminded they were to waste no
time in finding Lomsom.

  Fuel was supplied by the creek growth of
box elders and the dead limbs of the scat-
tered elms and cottonwoods. They made
coffee and ate their dinner, and were told
by the Indian they must push on for an-

other nine miles to the Little Greenhorn

before camping for the night.

  “Then we will be almost half-way to the

place where we are to meet Lomsom,” he
added.

  “That depends on just what point on the
Huerfano he’s waiting for us,” observed
Goss.

  “Not on the Huerfano,” corrected the In-
dian. “The White Chief talked as a timber
hunter walks, very carefully. I promised
to lead you men to him, and not to tell you
just where you are going. The white Chief
trusts a red man, but not white men.”

  “I allow we can be trusted with a secret
just as much as an Injun can be,” sternly
remarked Ancient.

  “If Lomsom knew you as well as I do he
would know how far you can be trusted,”
gravely replied Ellis. Ancient Days felt his
face burning under his whiskers and turned
away to busy himself with saddling his
horse.

  The remainder of the day’s march was
made slowly through a broken country, and
the night was passed in a creek bottom
where there was thin grass and poor water.

  The sun was still abed when the pros-
pectors finished the morning meal and
started for Apache Creek, some seven miles.
They paused at the Apache only long
enough to water their horses, then held due
south with the foothills of the Greenhorn
on their right. Sparing their animals, they
made another dozen miles and rounded the
southeastern spur of the range and halted
on the Huerfano for two hours. The Rabbit
told them that two miles south of their
camp the river emerged from the moun-
tains, flowing southwest through a canon
of brown sandstone. It was up this canon
that Goss had expected to travel to find
Lomsom. He said as much to the Indian,
but the Rabbit shook his head, and ex-
plained:

  “You will know when we find him. You
will see him, and hear him speak.”

  Goss made a wry face at this bit of irony.
Ancient Days warmly approved:

  “That’s the way to stop prying questions,
Rabbit. You gave your word and it’s for
you to keep it. Enough for me to know
we’re most there.”

  The red hunter told them:

  “Lomsom won’t wait for us at the heads
of the Huerfano for a very good reason. His
Utes will be looking for him. Up there
Pards

103

would be too near the Sand Hill Pass, one
of the favorite passes of the Utes. The
White Chief doesn’t dare be found by his
Utes hunting for gold in the high valley
of the Huerfano. They are young men who
wouldn’t listen to Ouray. It doesn’t take
much to turn them against any leader.”
While Ellis and Hasty were cooking sup-
per, Ancient Days got the Indian aside and
anxiously asked—

  “Do you know if there’s any bones of
queer looking animals down this way?”

  The Rabbit shook his head. Ancient was
much relieved, and explained:

  “It’s along of Joe Hasty I ask. If he see
any of them big bones he’s likely to go crazy

again. If he does, then only the good-

knows how we could handle him. Prob’ly
have to tie him up.”

  “I haven’t seen any big bones down this
way. But it’s a new country to me. The
White Chief drew a map in the dirt with a
stick. I looked at it and he rubbed it out.
I carry it in my head. He said nothing of
bones. We should be finding him tomorrow.
But it’s bad medicine to bring a man like
Hasty along.”

  “No, siree! He’s the biggest medicine
that ever was when it comes to stumbling
onto ounce diggings. Seems to smell gold.”
Leaving the river and traveling south-
west, they rode for two miles and crossed
the shallow fork of a small tributary, and
entered between two spurs like gaping jaws,
and commenced the fourteen-mile ascent,
which, if persisted in, would carry them over
the top of the Sangre de Cristo Pass. They
were on the most direct route for a wagon
road between Pueblo and Fort Garland and
the upper Rio Grande.

  With the Indian setting the pace they
moved very slowly for four miles. Then
their guide halted and gave the word to
unpack the mules and make camp for the
day. The ascent had been steady but no-
where near as steep as the remainder of the
grade to the summit. They had followed
along the west bank of the brawling stream,
and although snugly inside the huge jaws,
there was sufficient grass for their animals.

  “Then we don’t pass over the summit?”
queried Goss.

  “We will wait here a day,” replied the
Rabbit.

  Ancient Days lost no time in procuring
a pickax and spade. He called on Hasty to
join him, boasting:

  “We two can locate a mine before Lom-
som shows up. Git your eagle eyes to
working, Joey.”

  But Hasty shook his head and remained
cross-legged before the flat rocks arranged
for the fire and continued breaking twigs
for kindling. Ancient penetrated the broken
surface of the western slope. Ellis felt the
impulse, only his choice was the bank of the
little stream. With shovel and pan he
worked along the edge of the water and be-
came excited on washing out several colors.
Goss produced a pack of cards and became
absorbed in a game of solitaire. As he was
shuffling the cards for another endeavor
Hasty reached across his knee and cut the
pack.

  “Black,” he muttered. “Death.”

  Goss stared at him in amazement, then
chuckled and bantered:

  “Surely, Joe, you don’t nurse any foolish
superstitions. Who’s going to die?”

  “I cut the cards.”

  “Well, we’ll all cut black some day. Let’s
see what I cut.”

  Hasty glanced at the diamond and quietly
said—

  “You cut gold. You’ll find gold.”

  “It’s mighty more likely than that you’ll
find death. Play eucher?”

  “Thanks. Don’t feel like it. Wish that
White Injun would show up and we could
make our strike and hustle back to the
Arkansas.”

  “You’re in a state of mind, Joe. Shake it
off. We’ll have the Pilgrim give us a song.”
Hasty looked at Ellis, busily washing
dirt, and mused:

  “Seems if I use to hear him singing years
and years ago. Course I didn’t. He’s too
young.”

  Ancient Days came back, highly dis-
gusted.

  “I’d just quick think of finding pay dirt
in a cottonwood tree as in this darned coun-
try,” he complained.

  Ellis came up and threw down his pan
and shovel, and announced— |j|g
“Found color every time.”

  “That’s nothing,” said Goss. “George
Earle, on a wager, washed color from the
Kansas River near Lawrence in ’57. Got
about the same as you have here. You can
find color almost anywhere in Colorado.”
Ellis glanced at his companions in turn
and said:

  “A grumpy looking lot. We’re here
104

Adventure

alive. A man’s coming to show us where
to shovel it out. Start the fire and let’s
eat and see if this outfit can’t show a little
gumption.”

SUPPLIES were overhauled and
Hasty volunteered to act as cook.
The Rabbit promised to start
hunting on the morrow and sup-
ply them with fresh meat. The surrounding
heights brought early dusk. It was quite
dark when they finished eating and the
Rabbit was the only one to discover a figure
approaching from down the summit path.

  “Whiteman. Tell by the way he walks,”
said Ancient Days.

  “It’s Lomsom,” said the Rabbit.

  In another minute Lomsom, washed of
his paint and clad in new buckskins, stepped
into the firelight and said:

  “Hope you saved some grub for me.
Been watching you from up above.”

  As he squatted in the circle between
Ellis and the gambler the latter remarked:
“Your way of saying good evening, I
take it. We welcome you. How much
farther to these hidden diggings of yours?
And why didn’t you come to us when you
first saw us?”

  “That makes two talks. I thought I saw
a smoke up in the north and stayed up the
slope to make sure. Must have been mist
or something. My placer begins within a
few rods of here. I don’t know anything
about mining but the surface looked good.
Six miles below the summit on the other side
is five-dollar diggings.* The gold comes
in flakes, or scales. But this is richer, I’m
thinking.”

  “I was hoping you’d struck a big bonanza,
where one could git it out in big nuggets,”
said Ancient Days.

  “I would’nt need any help if it was like
that,” the White Chief reminded.

  Between mouthfuls of food he continued:
“But I know where you can find nuggets,
only you’d have to leave your hair in a Ute
smoke. I’m chief of a band of Utes, and I
never dared to work it. But you fellers can
go there after you’ve worked this place.”
“This place will do fine, I know,” quickly
assured Ellis, his thoughts darting back to
his captivity and the time he stood on the
edge of death. “And I won’t go near any
Utes for eighteen billion dollars.”

  “What are the Plains Indians doing?”
queried the Rabbit. “S. G. Colley, the
Indian agent for the Upper Arkansas, says
the Cheyennes and Arapahoes are getting
ready to fight the Utes.”

  “The mountains are filled with signal
smokes,” moodily replied Lomsom. “The
Utes can lick’em if they come into the hills.
It’ll be bad for the white folks, for when the
Plains Injuns fight the Utes they’ll take a
whack at anything they happen to meet.
Hide and tallow hunters have killed buffalo
by the thousands. Bands of young Kiowas
are demanding presents from small trains.
My Utes are blamed for horses stolen by
the ’Rapahoes and Cheyennes, who come to
the mountains to steal and don’t want to
go back empty-handed. Your Injun Agent
Colley perhaps don’t know that the Sioux
already this season have offered a war-pipe
to a camp of ’Rapahoes on Cache la Poudre.
’Rapahoes wouldn’t smoke, but it shows
how the Sioux feel.

  Not only the hungry Injuns along the
Arkansas and Platte are making war medi-
cine, but those at the heads of the Republi-
can and the Smoky Hill are gitting fussed
up. They still have buffalo, but white
hunters were busy in their country last
season, killing buffalo for the hides and
tallow. There’ll be a full hundred white
hunters on the Saline alone this season.*”
“Let the Utes and Arapahoes fight. It’ll
keep them from finding us,” said Goss.

  “If we don’t happen to wander between
two war parties, yes/’ agreed Lomsom.

  The morning brought impatience to the
seven men. Each was visioning what he
would do with his share of the gold. Lom-
som lost the stolid bearing he had acquired
among the Utes. His hands trembled as
he bolted his breakfast, and he talked inco-
herently about his plans for making eastern
cities “r’ar up and take notice.”

  Ancient Days smiled much and softly
hummed an old tune and visualized the gold
as so many gallons of “Monongahela” and
“Kansas Double Rectified.”

  “And of course there’ll always be a few
snorts of Taos, just for old times,” he told
Hasty.

  Hasty alone seemed too preoccupied for
speech.

  The seven men proceeded to the diggings
on the run, Lomsom leading the way.

 *	Later called the “Grayback Gold Mine/' employing fif-
 teen men.

 *	There were a hundred such hunters on the Saline in
 1864. See Grinnell’s “The Fighting Cheyennes.”
Pards

105

When Lomsom halted and pointed to where
he had taken scale gold from the rocks An-
cient Days saw the saloons of all his day-
dreaming vanish. He tugged his whiskers
and stared blankly. Goss took his cue
from him and was much depressed. Ellis
had had enough experience to realize the
difficulty of carrying the dirt to the stream,
and as the stream was down the slope, this
task would be necessary.

  Joe Hasty examined the ground carefully
and then without a word walked back to
the camp. Goss’ hopes went up a bit, for
he relied on Hasty’s judgment more than
he did on Ancient’s. But Hasty, after se-
curing a pan and a shovel, walked down
the bank of the little stream and disap-
peared in a clump of willows.

  Ancient sadly announced:

  “Joey’s plumb ag’in it. Won’t have
nothing to do with it.”

  “But gold’s here,” angrily insisted Lom-
som. “I’ve dug flakes out of cracks in the
rock with my hunting knife, I tell you.
You fellers oughter find a lot where I’ve
found a little.”

  “We’ll give it a try,” assured Ancient.
Goss was willing to aid him. The Rabbit
caught Ellis’ eye and shook his head and
forthwith started off, trailing his rifle, to
find some game for the kettle. Ellis went
back to the camp and procured his pan and
went to find Hasty.

  At midday they returned to the camp.
Goss exhibited the result of his morning’s
work, enough tiny scales, Hasty estimated,
to amount to two dollars. The gambler
stared at his scratched and bruised fingers
and growled his disgust.

  “Not enough to open one jack-pot with,”
he bitterly said.

  “It comes to five-doller diggings,” de-
fended Lomsom.

  “Maybe, but I won’t have any hands
after two days,” replied the gambler.
Ancient Days remarked:

  “I had in mind, Lomsom, something more
chunky. Rich dirt on water, or pockets of
nuggets. If I’d stick here all the time and
work all the time I’d git almost enough to
pay for my whisky, which I can’t buy with-
out going to Canon or Pueblo. No use to
peg out claims till we strike it richer. We
ain’t even found rock that would pay to put
through a stamper. What did you find, Joey?”
“The young man’n me have done a little
better.”

  And he carefully opened his handkerchief
and displayed several dollars’ worth of gold
and some samples of galena. The latter
was black and uninviting in the estimation
of Goss and Lomsom.

  Lomsom insisted:

  “I tell you there’s a mother vein of pure
gold near here. We can find it. But it
ain’t down in the river gravel. It’s up
there in them rocks.”

  Ancient Days, remembering Bowen’s
find, leaned forward and gently stirred the
black lumps with a finger and softly cried—
“Silver!”

  “Fifteen hundred ounces of silver to the
ton,” quietly said Hasty. “Only trouble is
it’ll cost twenty-five thousand dollars to
put up a furnace building and furnaces.”

  “Then it ain’t worth a-!” angrily

declared Lomsom. “First sign of a train
fetching all those contraptions would bring
a cloud of Utes through Sand Hill Pass and
down the valley of the Huerfano. What I
git I must git quick and run for it. And I’ll
be lucky to keep an arrer-shot ahead of war
whoops.”

  “Best way to make money mining is to
locate your mine and then sell it to Eastern-
ers,” mused Goss. “Let’s take another
look at that black stuff.”

  They walked down the creek to where
Hasty and Ellis had cleared loose earth
from a vein that was very wide. The
gambler’s enthusiasm was intense until
Hasty explained that the ore itself was to
be found only in the small seams streaking
the vein.

  Lomsom insisted:

  “I want gold. Silver’s no good. Mexi-
cans hang it on their clothes.”

  “Go find your gold,” mumbled Hasty.
“Trail’s broke out. Ellis’n me will dig
down into this vein and see how things look.
We claim discovery rights. You fellers can
claim on either side of us. Discovery
rights hold good whether worked or not.”
Ancient hesitated and fingered his beard,
and then decided:

  “It’s the yaller stuff we’re after. I’ll
hunt for it a while longer.”

  Never was a treasure expedition more
quickly disintegrated than this one. Goss
and Ancient continued prospecting for gold
although the former’s high hopes were
dashed to pieces. He worked doggedly,
determined to give even a lost cause a
thorough trial.
106

Adventure

  Ancient was blithe and gloomy by turns.
After the first day Lomsom developed great
uneasiness and gave but little heed to pros-
pecting. He was continually watching the
heavens to the north, in the direction of
Sand Hill Pass, for a smoke. At the close
of the second day he told Goss that the Utes
were hunting for him and might kill him for
running away. Not only did he cease
laboring with pick and shovel; he left the
party and climbed high above the camp to
watch for smoke signals. He would leave
the camp after breakfast and did not return
until dusk.

  Goss knew nothing about mining except
as he had observed men at work in the
gold camps. He toiled doggedly under
Ancient’s directions, but soon became irri-
tated by his companion’s shiftless behavior.

  “You sort of paw this ground over while
I’m taking a peek up beyond,” Ancient
would direct. After this had gone on for
a time Goss rebelled and demanded:

  “See here, Ancient. I’m no slave. If
this stuff is worth pawing over you stay
and help. You’re forever going some-
where to take a peek at something. You’ve
led me to half a dozen places and left me
while you wander off to a new place. If
you found gold in bushel lots you’d quit
to find it in barrel lots.”

  “Man would be a fool who wouldn’t quit
a bushel of gold for a bar’el,” agreed An-
cient.

  The Rabbit was no miner and spent his
time hunting. He kept the camp supplied
with game and was absent most of the day-
light hours. Like a shadow he came in at
night and made but little talk. He never
asked how the prospecting was progressing.
Doubtless he read the situation with one
quick glance at the downcast faces.

           ELLIS and Hasty stuck to their
aSK original task and laboriously
picked and shoveled until they
had followed the cropping down
for some fifteen feet, or far enough to un-
cover a vein of pure ore that measured
twelve inches in width and gave every
promise of becoming wider. When this
result was obtained Hasty became talkative
long enough to announce the vein com-
prised argentiferous galena, brittle silver
glance, and cupreous sulphuret of silver.
He concluded by advising:

  “Time you all were staking your claims.

Our shaft proves the lode is widening rapidly
and the pay streak is growing bigger every
foot we go down.”

  “Silver’s all right,” agreed Ancient. “I’ll
peg a claim tomorrer. But I’ve had my
mouth made up for gold. Goss’n me will
come to supper one of these days with
samples of ore that’ll make your silver look
like so much common lead.”	,

  “That day must come mighty quick, An-
cient,” warned the gambler.

 Then to Lomsom—

  “Is this the best you can show us?”

  “The best unless we lose our hair,”
glumly replied Lomsom, who was keenly
disappointed that his companions had not
already unearthed more gold than the pack-
mules could carry.

  “Tomorrer I’ll take you to a place higher
up’n we’ve been, Nathan,” lazily promised
Ancient. “It looks likely, what I’ve seen
of it.”

  “I’m through chasing you around, An*
cient. I’ll help Frank and Joe work the
silver lode and take a claim on it,” replied
Goss.

  “That shows a poor spirit,” cried Ancient.
“Well, I ain’t as young as you, but I’ll keep
on hunting with the light that the good
Lawd has given me.”

  Claims were taken on the lode next morn-
ing by all except Lomsom, who refused. The
gambler kept his word to Ancient by assist-
ing Hasty and Ellis. Ancient wandered
alone up the heights. At sunset the Rabbit
came back but brought no game. He
startled his companions by announcing:
“Two smokes. One to the north and one
to the west of us.”

  Lomsom, who had returned earlier, drew
a deep breath and faintly exclaimed:

  “My Utes hunting for me in the north.
T’other must be some of the Plains Injuns
trying to sneak into the hills to make an-
other kill like they did when they bagged
Benito, head chief of the Utes. Mebbe
trying to bag Ouray.”

  “I believe that,” agreed the Rabbit.
“We must make no more smoke for a few
days, but do our cooking at night with the
light hidden.”

  When the Rabbit moved nearer the small
fire to receive his ration of meat Lomsom
inquired—

  “What’s the thing hanging to the back of
your belt?”

  “A queer bone. Part of the head of an
Pards

107

animal that’s never found alive in these
days. Something told me it would be
strong medicine.

  “And he unfastened the fragment of a
dinosaur’s skull and wrapped it in a blanket.

  “No good,” said Lomsom. “Lots of ’em
near Oil Creek. Bones of the whole critter,
more’n twenty foot long. Big one was
found near Denver. Some say it was them
that made the three-toed tracks I’d seen in
the sandstone. Must a been reg’lar old
hellions.”

  Hasty lurched forward and stared steadily
at the blanket hiding the fossilized piece of
bone. Ancient Days groaned and muttered—
“Now you’ve done it, Rabbit!”

  Hasty said nothing and ate his supper
calmly enough. But the men noticed he
kept casting his gaze at the massive heights
of the range. Ellis endeavored to engage
him in talk about the day’s work, the one
subject he showed any interest in. Hasty
answered a few questions with his usual in-
telligence, but forgot to light the pipe he
had carefully filled. For the rest of the eve-
ning he continued silent and participated
none in the conversation. Yet Ancient’s
worry lessened, and he whispered to Goss:
“Give him something of a jolt, but he’s
all right. He’ll be better in the morning.”
At the first opportunity the hunter took
Ellis aside and gravely said:

  “That bone is bad medicine for Hasty.
That means it’s bad medicine for me. I
forgot it might make his head queer. I will
try to work him out of it.”

  He left the camp-fire to repeat some
sacred formula.

  When he returned his eyes glinted with
pleasure. Hasty was sleeping quietly. An-
cient declared:

  “He’s all right. Just give him a jolt.
He won’t have any spell this time.”

  Yet Hasty aroused them early in the
morning by leaping from his blankets and
screaming:

  “Look! Enough of them up the range
to chaw up this whole gulch! See ’em
crawling over each other!”

  He did not attempt to ran away but
hurriedly threw fuel on the fire and crowded
so close to the flames as to scorch his cloth-
ing. And there was an awful fear in his
face, as with teeth partly bared he point-
ed toward the snowy crests and hoarsely
muttered:

  “See ’em! Big as a herd of buf’lo. Look!

One, two, three. All in line and leaving the
rest to come down this way! Each as big

as a ranch house. Oh, -! Something

awful is going to happen!”

  Ancient placed a hand on the shivering
shoulder and talked to him soothingly and
managed to quiet him for a bit.

  “They’re all heading over the range,
Joey,” he repeated over and over. “There!
The last one of them has gone from sight
now.”

  “Waving and slapping his tail strong
enough to knock a stone house over,” mut-
tered Hasty. He was relieved, but per-
sisted, “They’ll come back. They’re cun-
ning. They pretend to go away, but they
always come back. They’re waiting for
some of us to move away from the fire. Only
thing that scares ’em is fire.”

  He would have heaped on more fuel had
not the Rabbit stopped him. To the
others the Rabbit said:

  “Go up or down the slope a little way
and you’ll see the smoke ^bn the plains. A
smoke from here can be seen far off. There
must be no more fire.”

  But now Hasty was engaging their atten-
tion by exclaiming in amazement. He
turned to Ellis and asked—

  “When did you pull out of California
Gulch, Pilgrim?”

  “Last night, Joey,” hurriedly broke in
Ancient.

  “He didn’t come with us. He must-a
follered at our heels after Skillings jumped
us and I killed him.”

  Goss wheeled and glared at the Rabbit!
The hunter nodded. Ancient piteously
begged of them:

  “Keep shet about it. Joey had to stop
Skillings or be knifed by him.”

  “Not Joey!” corrected Hasty. “Big
Bones. Everyone calls me that.”

  “Of course, Bones. We skipped out the
gulch last night.”

  “We oughter traveled farther while it

was dark. Those big - was thicker’n

spatter ’round the gulch. I’d rather a
stayed to face the killing of Skillings than
to meet ’em down here. They didn’t dast
come down into the gulch. Too many
fires. Too much smoke.”

  “All gone, Joey—Bones. We can all go
to work,” cheerily said Ancient.

  But there was no more work for Hasty.
He crouched by the fire and kept his gaze
on the heights. The Rabbit told Ellis:
io8

Adventure

  “Stay with him and see he doesn’t make
a smoke. I’ll scout and hunt, but it won’t
be safe to shoot off many guns.”

  Goss was thoroughly discouraged. Lom-
som angrily demanded of Ancient:

 “What’n - you mean by fetching a

crazy man along? Now we can’t look for
gold or silver.”

  “You haven’t found any gold or silver,
and you didn’t have nothing to show us
after gitting us down here,” returned An-
cient. “Hasty did find something, all
that’s been found. You’ve put in your
time hiding up the slope and fearing your
Injuns would git you. At least Joey wa’n’t
afraid of anything when he was hisself.
And you’re scared of your shadder. Pil-
grim, go and dig if you want to. I’ll stay
here. I can handle him best.”

  “What he said was true? About Skil-
lings?” demanded Ellis.

  “We was asleep,” explained Ancient
Days. “Joey was in your place under the
wagon. Skillings *was crazy drunk. He
must a thought Joey was you. First I
knew he come over the tail-board, knife in
hand, and vowing he’d cut a throat. The
light from the fire showed him plain. He
made for Joey under the second wagon.
Joey rolled out ’tween the wheels and grap-
pled with him. I was hunting for a knife or
a ax or anything. But before I could git
along it was all over. The Rabbit came up
just as Skillings got his.

  “We lit out, Joey ’n me. We got clear
of the gulch and a short way down the val-
ley. When morning came it found my pard
to be Joe Hasty again. He didn’t know
he’d just quit the gulch and wanted to go
there. I had to pretend it would mean
trouble for me. Now you know it all, and I
can’t bear to talk about it.”

  Ellis tried to work on the claim, aided by
Goss. But neither had any heart for the
task. There remained the problem of get-
ting Hasty back to a town. Lomsom went
up toward the summit early in the morning
and the Rabbit was out on a scout.

  Goss threw down his pick and held up his
blistered hands and surveyed them ruefully,
and complained:

  “What’s the use? I was a fool to bank
so heavily on this game. The cards were
stacked against me from the start. The
quicker we start for Canon City or Pueblo
with Hasty, the better it will be for all
of us.”

  “We haven’t failed entirely,” said Ellis.
“Hasty told me this was a rich proposition.
We ought to be able to sell even if we can’t
work it. No question about the stuff being
there.”

  “Then let’s be getting back and be about
selling it,” said Goss.

  They picked up their tools and started
up the creek. They had covered but half
the distance when Goss gave a yell and
commenced running. Ellis then saw the
thick volume of smoke rising from the camp.
As the gambler panted up to the fire Hasty
tossed on another armful of green stuff and
explained:

  “Those big-can’t see us now. Smoke

hides us. Only thing that scares them,
smoke and fire.”

  Goss kicked the smoking mess apart and
with Ellis proceeded to stamp out the fire.
As they finished, the gambler wrathfully
asked—

  “Where’s Ancient?”

  Hasty sat down and bowed his head and
would not speak. But Ancient soon came
running down the pass.

  “Good land!” he yelled. “That smoke
can be seen for eighty miles! Why, I just
left him for a minute. He seemed to be
asleep. There was one spot up the slope I
was keen to look at. But now the mischief’s
been done!”

  He had barely finished before Lomsom
plunged on to the scene, his face distorted.
He snarled—

  “Do you folks hanker to be killed—in the
Ute or Cheyenne way?”

  ‘ ‘ Shut up, ” curtly retorted Goss. * ‘Hasty
made the smoke.”

  “But why didn’t you watch him?”

  “We watched him more than you did.
We got here first. Your hair’s in as much
danger as ours. You won’t work. Why
didn’t you stay and watch him?”

  “They could see it in Denver,” gritted
Lomsom.

  “We’ll pull out as soon as the Rabbit
shows up. He must have seen it. He’ll
be here soon,” said Goss.

  He began rolling his blankets and gath-
ering the supplies ready for the packs.

  The Rabbit had seen it. By the time the
two mules and the horses were brought up
from their poor grazing ground the Indian
appeared. With a glance he perceived their
purpose and nodded with approval.

N“It may be too late,” he told them.
Pards

109

“Indians from the Plains will soon be cross-
ing our path. It will be a race.”

CHAPTER XII

RIDING THROUGH

HASTY gave no trouble when his com-
panions started down the pass to
strike the Huerfano before the Plains In-
dians could cut them off. He was so eager
to get out of the mountains that it was
with some difficulty he was restrained from
riding far ahead. He fully comprehended
the danger of encountering a war party of
Cheyennes and Arapahos who were bring-
ing a fight to the Utes. But so great was
his fear of the imaginary, the real appealed
to him as being insignificant.

  Lomsom was full of fight so long as he
knew Cheyennes and Arapahos were the foe;
but he was frank to admit he would ride
hard and far to escape meeting the Utes.
“There are different kinds of mad,” he ex-
plained to his companions. “I ain’t scared
of any Injun’s war-mad. I wouldn’t care a
couple shoots of powder for a Ute if I hadn’t
lived with ’em, and been took in as one of
’em. And they do have a mortally strong
medicine, let white folks make as much
fun as they want to.”

“Only a foolish man will make fun of a
strong medicine,” remarked the Rabbit.

  Ancient Days regretted his inability to
make one more prospecting trip high up the
heights.

  “I’d a struck it rich tomorrer,” he de-
clared. “Now them —-— have busted all
our plans and stopped me from being a rich
man.”

  The Rabbit, scouting a short distance
ahead after they were well under way, was
thoroughly a red man. With aboriginal
cunning he watched the path dropping be-
fore them and carefully estimated the
chances of making the Huerfano before the
war party from the east came in sight; also
the chances of throwing off pursuit if dis-
covered. The possible danger threw Goss
back into his professional imperturbability.
Ellis’ face was eloquent with excitement,
fear and resolution.

  The six horsemen advanced at a rapid
walk down the long slope, the eyes of each
keenly watching the mouth of the pass
where the eastern spur ended. Not until
they had reached the end of this ridge

could they learn the degree of their peril.
When the Rabbit wheeled his horse and
motioned for them to halt, they became im-
patient. A brisk ride of less than half a
mile would take them beyond the spur.
But the Rabbit insisted:

  “Keep back while I ride on alone and see
if the way is clear. If I wave my hand,
come on, riding fast. If I wave both hands
leave the mules and ride for your lives.”
“This is a waste of time,” complained
Hasty, his eyes more concerned with the
long ascent to the summit behind him than
any danger ahead.

  He trembled and clinched his hands con-
vulsively as his gaze beheld something in-
visible to all the rest of the world. Ancient,
used to his weird fancies, murmured:

  “Easy, easy, pard. You know they never
git down this far. You know it would be
the death of them down this low. Air’s
so heavy down here it would plumb kill
them.”

  “By Godfrey! They’re down lower’n I
ever seen them before,” muttered Hasty,
and he wiped his wet forehead and glared
up the pass. “Look! Same three that
hung back when t’others of the cussed herd
went over the ridge to the west.”

  “Yes, but they’re turning ’round. There!
Now they’re slowly going back,” cried
Ancient. “—•—•! But see them pick up
their heels. Why, Joey, they’re running
like deer to make the top of the pass!”

  But this time the sick mind refused to be
beguiled, although influenced by the power
of suggestion.

  “Running, nothing,” Hasty muttered.
“They ran for about ten rods, then slipped
off to one side to hide in the rocks. Waiting.
Just waiting for us. I tell you I want to
git out of this.”

  “In a minute. Watch the Rabbit. Be-
fore you can count twenty he’ll be waving
a hand,” soothed Ancient. “We’re all
right. See! He’s nearly beyond the spur.
Now he’s slowing down. See! He’s tak-
ing it easy. Not an Injun in sight. Now
he’ll wave a hand and we’ll be jogging along.”
The others were as fully confident the
Rabbit would signal to them advance.
Goss spoke to his horse and the little caval-
cade got in motion. But the Rabbit still
refrained from giving the expected signal.
Lomsom was the first to take alarm. He
reined in and with an oath, fiercely de-
manded:
IIO

Adventure

  “What’s the matter with the-fool?

What makes him so slow. We either go
ahead, or don’t.”

  “We don’t!” exclaimed Goss as the Rab-
bit suddenly wheeled his horse and bending
low came flying back as fast as the animal
could make the grade.

  “But what does it mean?” asked Ellis.
“If very near we were to leave the

mules-”

  Lomsom cut him off, barking:

  “Means they’re nearer then very near.
Means we’re cut off and at the best must
wait for them to cross the mouth of the pass
and swing into the Huerfano valley. Hope
they meet the Utes and that all of them,
both bands, git wiped out.”

  The Rabbit, a few rods away, called out
to them:

  “Turn back at once! Their scouts saw
me.”

  “Fool had to show hisself!” snarled Lom-
som. “Now all we can do is to ride up the
pass and make the crossing down to the
Rio.”

  “Not if the Utes are near,” said the Rab-
bit. “They’re after Utes. When they see
only white men they may pass on. If they
were coming from the mountains, after
losing a fight, they would chase us.”

  “Looks like we are in a trap unless we
cross the summit,” decided the gambler.
“I’m not going to wait for them to make up
their minds whether they’ll attack u|~or
leave us.”

  Lomsom leaped from his horse and cried
out:

  “I’ll fool ’em! Some of you git green
stuff. ’Nough to make a good smoke.
I’ll make Ute smoke. They’ll think a big
band is here. While they’re chawing on
that we’ll skin up the pass and travel south.”
This strategem appealed to all as being
very much worth while. All with the ex-
ception of Joe Hasty. He remained on his
horse, staring up the slope and imagining he
saw a terrible three-horned head peering
from behind a huge boulder. Lomsom
quickly had a hot fire of dry branches. He
proceeded to throw on grass and green
boughs supplied by the others. The Rab-
bit aided him in manipulating a blanket.
They held back the smoke for a moment,
then sent a puff high in the clear air. After
completing the Ute signal for the discovery
of an enemy the two men kicked the fire
apart and Lomsom announced:

  “That’ll hold them back. Now we can
take our time in making the summit, and
we won’t have to leave the mules.”

  With the Rabbit he rode ahead, the pack
mules coming next. They moved along
leisurely, the confidence of the two being
shared by Ellis, Goss and Ancient Days.
Over his shoulder Lomsom explained that
the last third of the ascent was very steep
and that the animals should be saved for
it.

  There were no signs of Indians below
them. They were nearly up to the silver
lode when Ellis raised an alarm which was
quickly seconded by Ancient Days. Joe
Hasty, riding in the rear beside Ellis, had
yanked his horse about and was now gallop-
ing at break-neck speed down the path.
Nonplussed by the man’s sudden flight
directly into the face of danger, Goss, Ellis,
and Ancient could only stare after him.
The Rabbit, however, flashed from the head
of the little procession and rode reckless-
ly to overtake the runaway. The others
would have followed had not Lomsom very
sensibly warned:

  “If he can’t catch him, we can’t. If he
does catch him we may have to cover the
two of them, coming back.”

  The sun was several hours high for the
outside world, but down between the two
mountain walls the day was drawing to a
close. The light was excellent while it
lasted, and the figure of Hasty could be
clearly followed as it rapidly decreased in
size in the mad rush to the mouth of the
pass. The Rabbit seemed to be a part of
his horse as he skimmed after the unfor-
tunate man. Despite Hasty’s lead it did
seem he would be overtaken.

  Then, almost in the face of Hasty, there
bloomed a puff of smoke, followed by the
heavy, rumbling detonation of a rifle.
Hasty, unharmed kept on. The Rabbit’s
horse slid on his haunches. More puffs
of smoke rose from the rocks near the
mouth of the pass. Hasty vanished from
view. The Indian rode back up the path
shouting:

  “They are in the pass! The white man
rode among them. We can’t help him.”

  “Then let’s run for it,” cried Lomsom,
and he started for the summit. In his
anxiety to place as much distance as pos-
sible between himself and the war party he
rapidly drew ahead of his companions, who
were accommodating their pace to the
Pards

hi

Rabbit’s tired mount. He came abreast
of the spot where Ellis and Hasty had
found silver, and impatiently glanced back
at the four men plodding slowly after him.
An arrow slithered across the big mound of
dirt and rock thrown up by Hasty and
Ellis. It had been fired at him from his
right and had flashed close to his head.
Reacting automatically, he slipped off his
horse and cast a second glance at the arrow.
Then he hoarsely told himself—

  “Utes!”

HE GLARED at the rocky slope,
his rifle ready, but the hidden
marksman did not shoot again.
Once he thought he detected mo-
tion, but held his fire. Then came a thin,
wailing cry and he knew a Ute scout had
discovered him and was announcing the
fact to more of his people. The Rabbit had
seen and correctly interpreted Lomsom’s
pantomime, and urged his horse into a gal-
lop and soon was standing beside Lomsom.
The cry was repeated, farther up the pass
and faintly answered from the same
direction.

  Lomsom licked his dry lips and hoarsely
said:

  “Don’t need tell you what that means.

There’s the arrer. Bottled up, by-!”

  “What band? Does the arrow tell?”
asked the Rabbit, and he recovered the long
shaft and examined it curiously.

  “One of my own men shot that,” whis-
pered Lomsom. “That settles me if I’m
caught. Last fall they thought I was try-
ing to duck out when I left them. Now
they’re sure of it. They’re after my hair.
Red Crow never liked me for leading a
band of young men. He’d be the first to

light a fire on my belly. -him!”

  “The road to the summit is blocked. We
must stop here. Get the horses down by
the creek behind the rocks and dirt dug up
by the crazy man and the Singing Man.
It’s as strong a place as any we can find.
We’ll have a talk with them. Maybe the
scout didn’t know who you are.”

  “We’ll stop as we can’t go on. But that
Injun knew me all right,” muttered Lom-
som. “But what gnaws me worse’n any-
thing is to know it’s the smoke signal I made
that brought ’em down on us. They was
up the pass, high up, as the only way they
could git there without traveling this way
was to follow up the creek that flows north

by Sheep mountain, just beyond the west
ridge. This water we’re on heads near the
head of that creek. They come through
Sand Hill Pass and down the valley of
Huerfano for a bit, then swung south up into
the range and must-a been planning to
cross the summit and down toward the Rio.
Then they saw my Ute smoke and knew no
Utes were down here, and sent a scout.

Now-’s to pay!”

  “What’s the row?” snapped Goss, riding

up.	IPH

  “We’re jumped by Utes, who are up the
pass. We’re in a trap,” savagely explained
Lomsom.

  The gambler promptly announced:

  “I’m through ducking and dodging. We
have five rifles and plenty of belt-guns. If
they want a fight they can have it. Let’s
get things ready before the light fails.”

  “And we mustn’t forget the Indians be-
low,” reminded Ellis in a trembling voice.
“As soon as it gets dark they’ll be stealing
up.”

  “Back behind the rocks and dirt the white
men dug up,” ordered the Rabbit. “I will
scout the Utes. I will try to learn if they’ll
let us pass over the summit.”

  “That’s a good talk, but make ’em say it
on a pipe,” urged Lomsom, his voice grow-
ing more confident. “They won’t hurt you
if you call your name. Still if they lay
paws on you they’ll hold you with them
until they can finish us off.”

  “No man will put a hand on the Walking
Dead Man,” assured the Rabbit. “Better
for him to put his hand on a ghost.”

  “Oh, poor Joey Hastyl” groaned Ancient
Days.

  “I’ll scout down the pass and learn about
him,” promised the Rabbit. “But first for
the Utes.”

  He turned his horse over for Goss to lead
to cover and swiftly crossed to the opposite
slope and disappeared among the rocks,
where the Ute man had hidden when taking
a shot at his former chief. Then he turned
and slowly advanced up the slope. Once
he paused " and curiously examined the
ground with his hands. Then he left cover
and walked openly, chanting:

  “The Walking Dead Man goes to speak
with friends. Ghosts walk beside him but
will not hurt his friends. Where are the
young men who followed the White Chief?
Where are the warriors who follow Red
Crow?”
112

Adventure

  Repeating this over and over he held on
until above the spot where he and his white
friends had pitched their camp. Sudden-
ly a voice called out:

  “We hear the voice of the Walking Dead
Man. It is very hard to see him. Our
hands are empty. Let him come among the
rocks and smoke and talk.”

  The Rabbit halted and replied:

  “There are ghosts beside me. They tell
me to stay here. We will talk with the
rocks between us. Those ghosts will not
hurt me, but it is not good for Red Crow
and his men to have them too near. Now
they are whispering that one of your young
men feels death very close.”

  There was a few moments of silence, then
Red Crow admitted:

  “There is a young man here who has lost
his medicine and his heart is heavy. We
will make a new medicine and make his
heart glad.”

  “It is bad the young man has lost his
medicine. Voices whisper in my ear that
new medicine is weak.”

  “Did the Walking Dead Man come to tell
us of the lost medicine?” asked Red Crow
after another brief interval of silence.

  “They told me to come and speak of a
man who has turned red. He is called the
White Chief of the Utes. The Walking
Dead Man is leading him over the moun-
tains.”

  Again a silence. Then Red Crow was
saying:

  “When he goes over the mountains he
goes as a ghost. Or he must grow wings
like a bird and fly very high through the air.” *
“That is a strange talk for the Walking
Dead Man to carry back to a chief to the
Utes,” gravely replied the Rabbit.

  “He is no longer a chief among the Utes.
He led a band of young men, foolish men,
who would not listen to Ouray. We took
him in and fed him and kept him from white
men who would kill him. Before the last
snow he ran away, then came back with his
mouth filled with lies. On the pipe he
promised to stay. After the sntfw left the
valleys he ran away again. He promised
on the pipe and lied. Now he brings white
men into the mountains. Now he has made
a Ute smoke. He must die.”

  “Only a man whose head has been
touched by a very strong medicine would
make a Ute smoke after running away from
the Utes,” argued the Rabbit.

  This seemed to make a deep impression on
the Indians, for nearly five minutes passed
before Red Crow answered, saying:

  “If his head has been touched by a big
medicine he can not be hurt by the Utes.
But let him come to us. The Walking Dead
Man is very wise. No man whose head
has r\ot been touched would run from the
Utes and then make a smoke to call them
to him.”

  This satisfied the Rabbit that as yet the
Utes did not suspect the presence of the
Plains Indians at the mouth of the pass.
He replied:

  “I will tell the White Chief, but he may
not understand my words. His head is
queer. Is the mountain top open for me
and my white friends?”

  “There is a man with you who stole a
Stone-medicine and who smoked a medi-
cine-pipe. There is another man with you
who rode a medicine-pony. Those two
men must be given to us.”

  “That leaves one man and the Walking
Dead Man,” summed up the Rabbit.

  Red Crow promptly promised:

  “The other white man and the Walking
Dead Man can walk out of these mountains
and will not be hurt. Red Crow will say
this on a pipe, f But we must have the two
white men and the man who is not red or
white.”

  Now the Rabbit was convinced neither
band of Indians knew of the other’s pres-
ence in the pass. He also believed he and
his friends were about halfway between the
two camps. He called back to the Ute chief:
“I will carry Red Crow’s talk to the white
men. Tell the young man who lost his
medicine it is very bad for him.”

  With that he rapidly stole back to the
shaft on the silver lode and softly called his
own name. Satisfied he would not be shot
by mistake he advanced behind the pile of
debris and abruptly reported:

  “They are willing for Ancient Days and
me to leave the mountains. They say Goss
and the Singing Man must die. They say
Lomsom must come to them.”

  “By-! I’ll die hard!” cried Lomsom.

“They do not know the Cheyennes and
Arapahos are down the pass. They will not
make a strong attack on us till morning.”
Finding Lomsom’s hand he pressed some-
thing into it and said:

  “I picked it up among the rocks. It
must have been dropped by the young man
Pards

113

who shot an arrow at you. I told Red
Crow one of his young men was near death.
He said a medicine had been lost.”

  “I know what it is,” eagerly said Lom-
som, running the article through his fingers.
“Close to death? I should say he was.
He’s Sharp Lance. And the young fool has
lost his medicine necklace. That’s why his
arrer missed me. He’d dropped the neck-
lace! The shells came from the Pacific
coast, from the Gulf of Californy, as near as
I could figure out. Traded from tribe to
tribe. If he ain’t killed mighty soon he’ll
die of fear.”

  He continued gloating gleefully as if the
loss of the necklace was some distinct ad-
vantage to him and his companions.

  The Rabbit advised:

  “Open a pack and get out some food, but
don’t light a fire. Keep a sharp watch. I
am going down the valley to scout the
other camp.”

HE CROSSED the creek and
vanished among the scattered
fragments of limestone that dot-
ted the climbing valley. The
sun was below the western ridge, but it
was yet day on the high peaks that flank
the eastern approach to the summit of the
Sangre de Cristo Pass. With the Rabbit
between them and the Plains raiders the
four men gave their attention to possible
danger from up the slope. Lomsom sur-
prized his companions by suddenly throw-
ing off his clothing until he was clad only in
his dark woolen shirt and moccasins. Armed
with a revolver and a knife he curtly
warned:

  “When I come back I’ll come on the
jump. Don’t shoot. No Ute will run up
to this place.”

  “What are you about?” demanded Goss.
“The Rabbit is scouting. He won’t like
your going out.”

  “It happens that the Rabbit is just an-
other Injun. All his sugary white-talk
don’t change his color. So it’s none of his
business where I go or what I do. I said I
was going out and take a look. The Utes
know we can’t sneak away without hosses,
and they know they’ll hear us if we try it with
hosses. So I’m going out while my medi-
cine feels strong.”

  And they heard the rattle of the shell
necklace as Lomsom secured it around his

brawny throat.

   8

  “Go to the-as far as I care,” growled

Goss. “But if you come on the jump, with
a pack of Utes yelping at your heels you’ll
probably get potted. We’ll fire mighty
fast, and it’s too dark to tell you from a
redskin.”

  Lomsom said nothing, but dodged among
the rocks and was lost to view. Goss
suggested—

  “He’s going to make a break and Jeave us
to pay the fiddler.”

  “He’d a kept his clothes on and took along
his rifle and a chunk of grub if he was up
to that caper,” murmured Ancient Days.
“And he’d took a hoss. But I wish he’d
stayed here. The Rabbit’s the one to do
the scouting.”

  Ellis possessed the average amount of
courage but there was something fearfully
sickening in the thought that the morrow
might find him a captive among the Utes
for the second and last time. When he
dramatized himself into such an awful fate
and added, as the most exquisite torture,
the thought of his sister waiting, waiting
for his return he was fair beside himself.
Goss heard him groan and whispered:
“What is it, Frank?”

  “For-’s sake, Nate, talk to me!” he

muttered between clinched teeth.

  “I know how it is,” soothed the gambler.
“Nerves get on the jump a bit at times.
And what you imagine is always worse than
the thing you have to meet and go through
with.”

  “It’s the blackest -, what I’ve tjeen

thinking of.”

  “Then forget it. In the morning with
good light we’ll make a fine fight. Good
position here. Why, four white men ought
to stand off a hunched Indians. The Rab-
bit’s good as another four. Don’t lick
yourself before the Injuns begin their cat-
wauling and wild shooting. Then again,
how are the Utes and those fellows down the
pass going to get along together when they
find they’re stalking the same game? A
bloody fight. And we walk away.”

  “Thanks. If it hadn’t been for thinking
of Annie it wouldn’t have been so bad,”
whispered Ellis.

  “Then thank God your sister isn’t here,”
murmured Gross.

  “I believe I’m all right now. At the
worst we can stop them from taking us
alive, Nate.”

  “Of course. But we won’t draw to that
H4

Adventure

hand until we have to. I’m still set on be-
ing a vegetable grower and hen raiser.
Keep your mind on the next minute. Watch
the creek.”

  With his courage refreshed Ellis sat with
his back to a rock, his rifle across his knees,
and stared into the darkness that surround-
ed them. Goss crept to a boulder above
the shaft. Ancient took a similar position
below the shaft. The light was gone from
the peaks. The stars took over the care of
the heavens and brought into cold relief the
snowy heights, but revealed them as being
bluish-white.

  Another hour passed and the Rabbit
jumped Ellis into a rare fright by sudden-
ly fording the creek directly opposite his
position.

  Fortunately for the Indian he called out
his name before entering the stream. Goss
heard the slight disturbance and crawled
back to the shaft. Ancient Days, keen of
hearing this night, also joined his com-
panions.

  “Where is the White Chief?” whispered
the Rabbit.	•-

  They told him, and he disapproved,
saying:

  “He can do no good that way. He may
do harm. The man Hasty is safe in the
camp below. His head has been touched
and turned soft by a great mystery. The
Cheyennes and Arapahoes will not touch
him. I saw him in their camp. I hoped
to get a peace-road through the camp. I
crawled dose, but from the talk between
two scouts I learned we must fight for it.
They believe we are friends of the Utes; for
we made a smoke to call them in. They
don’t know the Utes are so close. They
believe they will come down the valley
of the Huerfano. They have scouts out
that way. They will come after us when
it grows light. The Utes will come down
after us when it grows light. When they
discover each other and are fighting we must
fall back to the ridge to the east and follow
down the flank to the mouth of the pass.”
“But our horses?” asked Goss.

  “We must leave them. Horses can’t go
among rocks as men can. They would soon
overtake us.”

  “Looks darned serious,” muttered An-
cient Days. “If they don’t happen to ar-
rive at the same time it’ll take tall fighting
to keep from under their little fires.”

  “I will make a medicine for those going to

war. I will go to water. To be a strong
medicine, the prayer should be made for
four nights. Stay here and keep watch
while I go to water. I will say the prayer
four times. That is the best I can do.”

  He threw off his clothes and walked to
the bank of the creek and stood facing the
east after the immemorial practise of his
ancestors. Then he stared down at the
little stream and in a voice that carried far
began his petition to the Red Spirits of the
East. Even Ellis forgot some of his fear as
he marveled how one who had taken on so
much of the white man’s culture could have
faith in pagan practises. Ancient Days
was more optimistic and hoarsely whis-
pered:

  “It’s got to do some good. Some red
medicines are powerful strong.”

  “Deuces and fours,” muttered Goss.

  “Hayil Yu! Listen,” the Rabbit was
invoking. “Now instantly we have lifted
up the red war-club. Quickly their souls
shall be without motion. There under the
earth where the black war-clubs shall be
moving like ball sticks in a game, there their
souls shall be never to reappear. We cause
it to be so. They shall never go and lift up
the war-club. We cause it to be so. There
under the earth the black war-clubs and
the black fog have come together as one for
their covering. The black fog shall never
move from them. We cause it to be so.

  “Instantly the souls of my people and
friends shall be moving about in the Sev-
enth Heaven. Their souls shall never break
in two. So shall it be. Quickly their souls
shall move on high, where they shall be
going about in peace. Let them shield
themselves with the red war-whoop. In-
stantly grant they shall never become blue.
Yu!”

  “By Godfrey! That oughter rip the hide
off’n the redskins,” whispered Ancient Days.

  Goss told him to be silent for the hunter
was repeating his sacred formula and
hoping the Red Spirits in the East would
heed the prayer, four times repeated. Red,
symbolic of success, was applied to the war-
whoop, the club and the shield. The peti-
tion, divided into two parts, first invoked
death for the enemy and annihilation of
their souls, black being symbolic of obliv-
ion. Death was doled out to the defeated
by the Black Spirits who dwell in the West.
Blue, or failure, was inflicted by the Blue
Spirits in the North, whence success never
Pards

115

came. Four times he loudly voiced his
appeal, then stepped into the water.

ON REGAINING the bank he
jKff took a piece of root from his shirt
"PhWT and gave a piece to each of his
friends and told them to chew it
and spit the juice on their hands and legs.

  “That’s a powerful strong medicine
you’ve made, Rabbit,” earnestly declared
Ancient as he vigorously chewed the bit of

root. “It ought to yank - out of a

stubborn mule.”

  “It will help, but how much I don’t
know,” somberly replied the hunter. “But
those who would lay down a blue path for an
enemy should go to water for four nights.
Tfce Red Spirits in the East heard me, but
I don’t know how much they will help when
the medicine is made in one night. If you
white men have any medicine call upon it.

I will not chew the root as my day of death
has been named.”

  “I know of no medicine that’s as unselfish
as yours, Rabbit,” slowly said Goss. “I’m
banking on it and no other.”

  Ancient chewed the root and caressed the
haft of his long knife. Ellis chewed the
root and bowed his head and gave way to
despair as he estimated the odds against
them. When in the Ute camp they had had
something to trade for life, and a storm had
come to conceal their flight. Now the
heavens were majestically serene and ut-
terly indifferent to the biological tragedy
awaiting the first light.

  A gasping cry somewhere among the rocks
west of the silver lode brought them to sharp
attention. Then all was silent until they
heard the soft footsteps of a man running
slyly. The steps crossed to their side of the
valley path and the panting breath of the
unseen became audible. Ellis picked up a '
heavy fragment of rock. The Rabbit an-
nounced:

  “It is Lomsom. No Indian would come
to us like that.”

  In another moment Lomsom was among
them, lying on the ground and puffing for
breath. The four listened for sounds of
pursuit but could hear nothing. When he
could speak Lomsom explained:

  “Got the feller who lost his medicine,-

him! I knew he’d sneak down into those
rocks and hunt for it. And I got him.
Sharp Lance was the skunk’s name. Rode
with me on many a hoss-stealing. I heard

him softly crawling among the rocks, using
both hands in brushing the ground for his
shell necklace.

  “I was on him and had my knife through
him before he reckoned any one was near.
Tried to yell out, but he couldn’t make his
last sound carry. One of my own band,
and turned against me to catch up with Red
Crow! That’s gratitude for you. Let the
Crow lead ’em. Mebbe they’ll build a fire
on me but I’ll be dead before they do it.
And I’ll die hard and take some along with
me.”

  The Rabbit silenced him and briefly ex-
plained about the medicine, and gave him a
piece of the medicine-root. But Lomsom,
elated at having killed a man, tossed the
root away and boasted:

  “My own medicine seems to be working
pretty strong. If the night was longer I’d
sneak up there and git Red Crow’s hair. I
can feel my medicine working in my fingers
and toes. Mix it with another medicine?
No, siree!”

  “You will need a very strong medicine
very soon,” murmured the Rabbit. “I see
black fog near you.”

  Then to Goss he whispered:

  “If I am killed some one must take a talk
to the Indian Nation. My people must
know why I do not come.”

  “You are the Walking Dead Man to the
Utes. They won’t harm you.”

  “In a fight bullets and arrows don’t stop
to ask a man his name. And there will be
Cheyenne and Arapaho bullets and arrows.
My soul would always be blue if the talk
doesn’t reach my people.”

  “If you cash in and I escape, I’ll carry
your talk,” the gambler promised.

  “If I cash in and Ellis escapes, he will
take the talk. If Ancient Days is the only
one to get clear, he shall carry it. And if
the mine is ever sold your share shall go to
your people.”

  “That is good. We have two hours be-
fore the Utes commence stealing down and
the Plains men begin coming up the slope.
When they discover each other we can fall
back to the ridge behind us.”

  “You’re medicine’s all wrong,” grumbled
Lomson. “We have something to hide be-
hind here as good as any rocks along the
ridge. We have water, grub and guns.
We’ll stick while the two bands fight it out.
Then we’ll lick the winner. Winner ain’t
going to feel like bringing a fight to us.”
n6

Adventure

  “We’re well fixed to make a fight right
here,” agreed Ellis. “What do you say,
Frank?”	'

  “The Rabbit is running this game,” the
gambler answered. “I’ll admit I haven’t
much stomach for crossing the creek to
climb part way up the ridge, just to turn
and work along the flank to the end of the
spur. Your vote, Ancient?”

  “I’m following the Rabbit’s medicine,”
was the sleepy response.

  “Goss, you almost made a real war-talk,”
grunted Lomson. “An Injun always thinks
first of running away. I’m for sticking and
giving ’em a fight.”

  “You shall give them a fight,” whispered
the Rabbit. “You shall show them and us
how a brave man should die.”

  “- you! You’re riled because I

wouldn’t chaw that piece of root.”

  “Shut up, Lomson,” Goss sternly told
him. “Save your ugliness for the morning.
The Rabbit’s all right. He can steal safely
away any time and leave us to play our
hands. He’s sticking to help us out.”

  “All right. Let him stick as long as I do
then,” mumbled Lomsom.

  “I will keep close to you,” slowly said
the Rabbit. “You are neither red nor white.
But you shall have your fight. If you are
not afraid when the light comes, prove it by
fighting at my side.”

  “See here, I ain’t no crazy Kiowa leader
of the Ka-itsenko to anchor myself by a
medicine lance and be killed in my tracks
rather than to run for it,” Lomson ex-
plained. “I ain’t going to git killed just to
prove I’m a brave man. But I’ll show you
I’m both white and chuck full of fighting.
If I ain’t at your side, Injun, I’ll be near
enough for you to hear me hooting.”

  “This is all talk,” said the Rabbit. “An-
cient Days is very wise. He sleeps and
grows strong. Let us rest while we can, for
the Red Spirits in the East will soon kick
off their blankets and rise and bring us a
new day. Don’t shoot at me when I re-
turn.”

  Before any one could remonstrate he was
stealing from their hiding place to scout up
the pass.

  It seemed abnormal to Ellis that Ancient
could sleep. With perhaps only two hours
of life left, how could a man slumber? Ellis
kept his eyes fixed on the east as he listened
to Ancient’s snoring. There was no sign of
the coming light, but like one under a spell

he stared at the well-defined crest of the
eastern ridge. He fell to wondering where
he would be at the end of another day.

   It seemed such a pity that mortals could
not leap over the pivotal moment of danger
as one jumps across a narrow chasm. So
many hours he had wasted. Now there
were two or three times sixty minutes left
for him. As an escape from such a distress-
ing mood he endeavored to work himself
into a savage hate against the Indians.
But he could not keep the gentle sister from
his thoughts.

   “If I don’t get through, tell Annie what I
thought about her. You know,” he whis-
pered to Goss.

  “Shut up, Nate!” muttered Goss. And
to relieve his feelings he shook Ancient and
requested, “Will you stop that-snor-
ing?”

  “Just a little cat nap. Must a felt
sleepy,” apologized Ancient.

   Lomson lighted his pipe. Goss objected,
but was told:

  “Why not? They know we’re here. I
ain’t fool enough to upset my own dish even

if that-Rabbit thinks I be.”

   “If we break even we’ll have the Rabbit
to thank, I’m thinking,” replied Goss.

  “No worse for two to smoke than
one.” “And he lighted a cigar. “Smoke,
Frank?”

   “I don’t feel like doing anything I’d usu-
ally do,” explained Ellis in refusing the
cigar.

  Lomson laughed mirthlessly and re-
minded:

  “Maybe your last chance. I figger that
the Ute medicine-pipe has reached out to
catch you two fellers down here.”

  Ellis shivered. Goss remarked:

   “Maybe a white medicine has reached out
to catch you, Lomson, for the man you
knifed in Pete Dotson’s wagon train. I
won’t count the man you killed through the
window of Allen’s saloon.”

  “Bah! There ain’t no such thing as a
white medicine.”

   Yet the seed of a new fear was planted in
the renegade’s mind by the gambler’s sug-
gestion. He began to wonder if the dead
man’s ghost had arranged the situation
And his pipe went out and he did not bother
to relight it.

   Ellis rubbed his eyes and stared incredul-
ously at the east, and with a catch in his
voice whispered:
Pards

117

  “Sky’s reddening! I watched it every
second and never see it when it began to
change! Lord! I wonder what’s going to
happen to us!”

  “We’ll pull through flying,” encouraged
Goss, still mouthing the stub of his cigar.

WTWKM THERE was a distinct touch of
rose alon& the skyline. As the
jri four men stared, the color deep-
ened to a bloody red. The Rab-
bit, standing behind them, announced his
return by saying:

  “A Ute or a Cheyenne scout could have
brained you all. Make ready. The Red
Gods of the East are coming up the sky.
Hayi! Yu! Listen. Now instantly we have
lifted up the red war-club. The black fog
shall never move from them. We cause it
to be so.”

  Ancient blinked his eyes at the red east
and asked—

  “Time’s come for us to do something?”
“They’ll be here any time,” nervously
warned Ellis. “We ought to pick our places
and make ready.”

  “Bring the horses from the creek,” com-
manded the Rabbit.

  “Horses won’t help us much among all
those rocks. We can make faster time
afoot,” remonstrated Goss.

  “We’re going through them. Through
the Cheynnes and Arapahos. Bring the
horses,” said the Indian.

  “We don’t take to the rocks? “Or wait
here for them?” cried Ellis.

  “We ride through them. My medicine
tells me some of us will get through and
some will ride into the Black West, where it
is always growing dark. Bring the horses
for those who will reach the Arkansas and
those who will end their ride in the Darken-
ing Land.”

  “Well, I’m game for that,” muttered
Lomson. And he quickly stripped to the
skin, wearing only his belt of weapons and
carrying his rifle.

  Goss and Ellis brought up the horses
and a minute was spent in satisfying each
rider that the animals and accoutrements
were fit for the mad dash. The Rabbit was
naked except for the shirt he wore as a
breechcloth. Each man stood by his horse
behind the high pile of dirt and rock exca-
vated from the silver lode. Under his breath
the Rabbit repeated some formula. A
slight rasping sound, such as a gun barrel

might make in scratching against a rock,
came to them from down the slope.

  “They are nearer than I thought,” mur-
mured the Rabbit. “This will be a very

good fight.”

  The Utes, stealing down the slope, heard
the sound and supposed it was made by the
whites retreating. This was evidenced by
the loud cry of discovery they raised. Then
they came on, yelling madly and with no
pretense at concealment.

  The Rabbit was first in the saddle. To
Goss he cried:

  “Tell my people! Here by my side, Lom-
son. You shall race me into the mouth of
black death. Let the Singing Man sing.
It is good medicine to fight singing, to die
singing.”

  And with the former White Chief of the
Utes beside him the Rabbit dashed from
behind the ridge of dirt and into the rough
path and wheeled down the slope. And as
he rode he sounded the fierce war-cry of his
people, the ancient defiance his forefathers
had hurled at the Iroquois more than a cen-
tury before along the Great Warriors’ Path.

  Ellis rode behind the two, and at his heels
pounded Ancient Days and Goss. Ellis
sang, albeit his voice quavered at times.
Ancient screamed like a wild animal. Goss
was silent, the fragment of a cigar still
clinched between his teeth.

  The Cheyennes and Arapahos were
amazed to be attacked by white men and
Utes. An Arapaho had talked with Hasty,
who readily betrayed the strength of his
friends, his deranged mind failing to com-
prehend any danger except from the twenty-
foot dinosaurs. Equally surprised were the
Utes on sighting their old foes coming to
meet them. Neither band could under-
stand the status of the shouting, cursing,
singing white men and the Indian riding
down the valley at a mad gallop. And to
give a more deadly finale to the bit of drama
the sun boosted itself above the ridge and
flooded the sloping valley with the morning
light.

  “Hayi! Yu! Listen,” thundered the Rab-
bit.

  And he opened fire on the mixed band of
Plains Indians with his rifle. There was
some thirty of them, and the bullet broke a
man’s leg and he attempted to drag him-
self to cover while his companions darted
to each side in something of a panic. Lom-
son shouted a Ute defiance and commenced
n8

Adventure

shooting. Ancient Days turned in the sad-
dle and gave attention to the Utes, and with
a string of shots, sent them scurrying to the
rocks.

  Now that they had frantically with-
drawn to both sides the foe ahead emerged
from their amazement. Arrows whizzed to
meet the five riders, then criss-crossed their
path as they dashed between the hidden
lines. Lomson’s horse was shot in the flank
by an arrow, and got out of control. With
a mad leap he cleared a boulder and landed
among eight or ten of the crouching savages.
Instantly the Rabbit was after him, but
yelling to Goss—

  “Go through!”

  So Goss became the leader, and he spat
out the cigar butt to hold the reins in his
teeth. As he rode furiously, with Ellis al-
most up to his stirrup, he raked the rocks
with two hand-guns. Ellis was singing
hoarsely, a bit madly, and was shooting his
revolver at random. Ancient’s guns were
empty and he rode flattened out on his
horse, the long knife clutched in his hand.

  Now the Utes were firing guns as well as
arrows and were shooting at the Plains war-
riors as well as at the whites. The three
riders were nearly outside the hidden lines,
and Cheyenne and Arapaho discovered the
Utes were too great a menace to be even
partly ignored. They concentrated all their
attention on the Utes.

  As the fire from the rocks dropped, indi-
cating the three riders had passed through
the dangerous lane, Goss glanced back,
anxious to learn the Rabbit’s fate. The
next moment he was bringing his horse to a
halt and swinging him about to race back
up the slope.

  Ancient shouted—

 “On! On!”

  And he seized the bridle of Ellis’s horse
and restrained the half-crazed young man
from following his friend back into the
danger zone.

tTHE gambler’s purpose was ap-
parent. The Rabbit was riding
from behind a pile of rocks and
was waving something above his
head. Lomson was not with him. Scarcely
a shot was fired at Goss as he mounted the
slope and gained the Indian’s side.

  For the time being the Plains Indians
were ignoring the white men. They knew
they were in for a stiff fight with their

hereditary foe and would need a powerful
medicine to escape from the pass alive.
Never dreaming the Utes were near they had
left their ponies near the mouth of the pass
while they paused to collect the white
scalps. They could laugh at the Utes in the
open, but meeting them in the mountains
was never a smiling affair.

  Practically unhindered, the gambler
wheeled and rode down the slope beside the
Rabbit. The Rabbit reeled in the saddle
and continued to wave the bloody scalp,
offering it to the inspection of the Red Gods
in the East as he laboriously shouted his
prowess as a mighty warrior. The two over-
took Ancient and Ellis, but neither of the
white men could discover just how badly the
red hunter was hurt. He seemed to be cov-
ered with blood.

  Now the Rabbit was all red in his mind.
The white man’s culture was sloughed off just
as the white man’s clothing had been dis-
carded. He was back to red fundamentals.

  “I am riding into the Darkening Land,
white men,” he gasped. “Tell my people—
Lomson died a very brave man. He killed
three before they dragged him from his
horse. The Walking Dead Man killed three
and wounded another. Two were alive
when I rode from the rocks, a Cheyenne, a
Arapaho— Soon I will tell Lomson how
you men got away.”

  “The Indians are fighting among them-
selves. Rein in while I plug some of those
wounds,” cried Ancient.

  “Ride on! Ride on! Gather up the ponies
at the mouth of the pass. Let the Singing
Man sing. Make the Huerfano and Pueblo.
Ho! ho! I see many dark houses. Lomson
would not chew the medicine root. Now he
is ahead of me. He and the friend I killed
are waiting. A man must go to water for
four nights.”

  He jerked his head far back and opened
his eyes very wide. Then with a supreme
effort to obey the command of his dying
mind he faintly cried—

  “Tell my people!”

  And he would have fallen from his horse
had not Ancient and Goss pressed close on
either side.

  For another mile the living and the dead
rode madly, and slowed down only when
they came to the camp of the raiders. An-
cient Days gave a veil and leaped from his
horse and ran to where Joe Hasty sat with
his back to a rock. Goss directed:
Pards

119

  “Ellis, help me with the Rabbit. He
must be hidden where they won’t find him.
They’ll be coming soon. Ancient, bring in
all the ponies.”

  And he pointed to the herd.

  Hasty was staring blankly at his friends,
as though completely bewildered. Ancient
ran to the herd. Goss and Ellis lifted the
Rabbit from the saddle and rolled him in a
Cheyenne blanket to prevent a trail of
blood revealing his hiding place. They car-
ried him among the rocks east of the camp
and placed him in a niche, much as the Utes
bury their dead, and left him.

  “He was the best one of the lot,” mut-
tered Ellis, his throat aching.

  “--knows he was a man,” agreed the

gambler. “But hurry! I hear firing.”

  They raced to £he camp and found An-
cient and Hasty mounted, each ready to
lead half a dozen ponies. They sprang into
their saddles and took their share of picket
ropes and started off to the north. Faint
yells caused them to glance back up the
pass. A dozen Indians were running madly
pursued by the Utes.

  “Tried to trap us and bagged them-
selves,” shouted Ellis, for the first pausing
to realize he had bridged the fatal morning
hour and in all probability would live to see
the little ranch house on the Arkansas.

  Ancient turned and winked expressively
to the gambler and Ellis, and cried:

  “Joey can’t remember a thing about
being clouted over the head by a Injun up
above. He’s just come to his senses.”

  With no danger of being overtaken the
four rode more slowly and Hasty ex-
plained—

  “Can’t remember nothin—” He gently
felt of his head to locate some wound—
“Last thing I remember I was down in the
mouth along of not finding a pile of gold.
We was at the fire, talking. Must a been
lambasted from behind.”

  “Crept up and busted you on the head
from behind,” said Ancient. “You up and
run like a madman. Injuns didn’t pay no
’tention to you as the rest of us was keeping
’em busy.”

  “Yes, yes. We understand,” said Goss.
“Now they’re fighting at the mouth of the
pass. We’ll pick up a bit. Ancient, lead us
to the Huerfano.”

  Faint yells and occasional puffs of smoke
caused many a backward glance. Tiny
figures could be seen making for the open

country where the Plains Indians always
fight their best.

  “It’s all so queer and uncalled for,” mut-
tered Hasty. “To think I lost all that good
fighting.”

  “Good fighting for you yet, Joey,” as-
sured Ancient, beaming like a proud par-
ent. “And it was you’n the younker who
found the silver vein. All we did find.”
Hasty glanced wildly about and de-
manded—

  “But where’s Lomson and the Rabbit?”
“They went on ahead,” tersely called out
Goss. “Do we follow along this creek to
the Huerfano?”

  Ancient replied in the affirmative, and
riding wide, they rushed their ponies until
all sounds of the fighting ceased. An hour
later Ancient was crying:

  “By Godfrey, Joey! Now you’ll git your
belly full of fighting! There’s a big band
and they’ve seen us!”

A large number of horsemen were ap-
proaching from the Huerfano. Hasty,
quicker of gaze than his friend, exclaimed:
“Soldiers! I see a flag. That hogs out all
the bad luck.”

  As the two bands drew nearer together a
man spurred ahead and came on at a gallop.

  “Whip King!” yelled Goss. “Old Whip
King!”

  “Good land!” bawled Whip King in
greeting. “Always find you in a fighting
corral. Heads to the center! You’ve had
a brush. You’ve licked some hoss-Injuns.”
A lieutenant came up, and to him and
Whip King the gambler rapidly told of the
fight. In turn he was informed that the
forty horsemen were detailed from the First
Colorado Cavalry to discourage fighting be-
tween the Plains and Mountain Indians; and
that Whip King was taking advantage of the
expedition to look for gun-runners in Sangre
de Cristo Pass. The lieutenant gave a hur-
ried order for rations to be supplied to the
four men, and then the cavalry swept on,
hoping to catch the warring bands at the
mouth of the pass.

CHAPTER XIII

WAITING

SPECULATION in mining property in-
creased. While Goss and Ellis were mak-
ing plans at the ranch and holding Annie’s
horrified interest by relating fragments
120

Adventure

of their adventures, Eastern capitalists
with plenty of greenbacks were rapidly
seeking more investments in Colorado where
gold was plenty. A representative of one
such group came to Canon City. He hap-
pened into Hall’s place while Joe Hasty and
Ancient Days were celebrating on credit
their return to the Arkansas. The man lis-
tened to their boastings and made inquiries.
Ancient submitted for his inspection the
samples Hasty happened to have in his
clothes when escaping from the pass.

  At first the Easterner refused to be en-
thusiastic over silver. Gold was what he
wanted. But after reports came in of rich
silver finds near the heads of the south-
western tributaries to Clear Creek and men
began talking of assays from other silver
districts that ran as high as two thousand
dollars a ton, the newcomer displayed in-
terest. He took the samples to an assayer
and was told they showed eight hundred and
twenty-seven dollars per ton. He promptly
changed his attitude and expressed a desire
to meet the surviving partners.

  Goss and Ellis were notified and hurried
to Canon City, and as a result of the con-
ference it was agreed the Easterner should
visit the lode. The Espinosa murders had
alarmed the valley more than an attack by
a tribe of Indians, but profits call as loudly
sometimes as bugles. The danger of visit-
ing the pass was slight, however, now that
the cavalry was patrolling the Huerfano
and foothills. Goss and Ancient went with
the Easterner, escorted by a strong body-
guard. Ellis gave the gambler power to
dispose of his claim and returned to the
ranch.

  It was tedious waiting, and Annie an-
noyed her brother by stressing the desir-
ability of ranch profits over mining profits.
He never suspected she was trying to for-
tify him against disappointment. But he
had his day when Goss galloped up to the
ranch and loudly shouted:

  “Sold out! Fifteen thousand dollars on
the way to Kountze Brothers’ bank in Den-
ver to be deposited to your credit. Here’s
the express company’s receipt. We ac-
cepted ninety thousand and divided it into
six parts, although Lomsom didn’t stake a
claim. He’s dead, but he may have folks
somewhere. He failed to lead us to gold,
but if it hadn’t been for him we wouldn’t
have found silver. And he died game. His
share will be held by the bank while they

search for heirs. Failing to find any it’s to
be distributed among the four of us and the
Rabbit’s people.”

  Then he was off his horse and taking the
girl’s hands and shaking them and greet-
ing:

  “Howd’y do, Miss Annie. How’s it seem
to have a man of property for a brother?
I always said old Frank would strike it.
Fifteen thousand is far from a fortune, but
it isn’t to be sneezed at.”

  “Fifteen thousand dollars,” she slowly
repeated. Then she burst into tears and
frantically flung her arms around her
brother, and cried:

  “Why, Frank! We can go back with our
heads up! We can go anywhere. And now
we can pay Mr. Goss. Pay him what he
paid for the ranch, and the money he ad-
vanced for everything.”

  “Good land! Really sold that hole for
ninety thousand!” gasped Ellis. Then he
added, “There’re some things I can’t ever
pay Nate for.”

  Goss, nonplussed, exclaimed:

  “Pay for the ranch? Why, Miss Annie,

this place is owned-”

  “Don’t,” she commanded. “It’s owned
by you. That man, Ancient, told me all
about it just before you started on the trip.
Now we can square accounts.”

  “I’ll wring that old fool’s neck! Then
we’re not partners any more? Frank and I
have been pards, Miss Annie. I’d hoped to
be a partner with you two in running the
ranch.”

  “Partners, yes, so long as we stay here,”
she agreed. “But first we’ll pay back all
you put in and start with a new account
book.’”

  “That’s the talk, Nate. Annie always
did have a head. Come in and we’ll draw
up a new agreement.”

  “Nonsense. You can’t pay me now. A
check will be no good till the money reaches
the bank. That can wait. But here’s some-
thing that can’t wait—” he patted a saddle
bag—“I’m riding to the Indian Nation to
tell the Rabbit’s people. And I’m fool
enough to think I can carry his share in
gold and greenbacks to them. I must be
going at once. By the way, you’ll be glad to
hear one of the bloody Espinosa murderers
has run out of chips. John McCannon of
CaUfornia Gulch struck the trail near Red
Hill and followed it to a camp in a canon
on Oil Creek, southwest of Pike’s Peak. He
Pards

121

shot one. T’other man and a boy escaped.”
This should have been news of momen-
tous comfort, for the series of mysterious
and brutal murders, committed without mo-
tive, had upset the nerves of the valley and
various camps. The girl scarcely heeded it.

  “You’re on your way now to tell the In-
dian’s people how he died?” she said.

  “I promised. The Rabbit was a great
man. They’ll be glad to know he made a
fighting finish and can not be executed.”
“You surely are not leaving until you’ve
eaten,” she said. “Frank, take his horse
away.”

  Her brother was quick to obey, and while
he was gone the girl asked:

  “But you’re not going to gamble any
more? Getting this money won’t make you
do that? You’ll come back and be our part-
ner In running the ranch?”

  Goss stared at her steadily and finally
replied:

  “I’ll quit cards for cabbages. I’ll come

back, if-”

  “If what?” she asked as he paused.
“Well, Miss Annie, that’s what I’ll tell
you when I come back.”

  She turned to the door, saying:

  “I must see about something to eat. You
must settle down and be respectable. What
young men are left us by the war shouldn’t
waste time at card games. You’ll find us
here if you return before winter.”

        BUT he did not come before
winter. He wrote from the In-
dian Nation telling how he had
'**=*»-made his promise good; of the
pride of the Rabbit’s people. He said noth-
ing about the running fight he made in
taking the money through, when he was
forced to shoot his way through Charlie
Harrison’s band of guerrillas just before the
Osage Indians fell upon them and killed
them to a man.

  In part the letter ran:

   I’ve been doing a lot of thinking since I met the
Rabbit’s people. The war seems very close to me,
now I’m out of the mountains. I can’t get rid of
the notion it’s my business, and not something
merely to get news about from the old California
Crossing.

  I’ve lived the last two years shut up in gulches
and with a shut-up mind. Think of my surprize in
running into DeLouge. He’s enlisting a .company
for the South. Keen to have me join. Had to tell
him my sympathies were north of the line. It would
have been death to have said this to some men down
here, but DeLouge is a real man.

  He told me the best way to travel and got me a

fresh horse. It was mighty nice of him to say he
hoped we’d never meet until after the war. So I’m
going in. But I’d rather be a rancher on the Upper
Arkansas than anything I can think of. Maybe
that’s another reason why I’m going in.

  I’ve lived selfish. Now I must practice what I
like second best. But if my medicine holds good I
shall come back. I don’t expect to find you two
there. Maybe you’ll leave word in Canon City with
Mr. Hall as to where you’ll locate in the East. Both
of you will understand I don’t like to do what I’m
going to do. I don’t believe the war can last more
than a year, yet it’s a bad mess. I seemed to be in
excellent position to chip in. No brothers, sisters,
nor folks. I’m thinking wars ought to be fought by
men like me who haven’t any relations. How’s
that?

  Annie folded up the letter, carefully
placed it inside the discarded account book,

and said:

  “He’s gone, Frank. We shall never see
him again. I’ve driven him from gambling
into the war.”

  Then she ran to her room, her face no
longer pink-and-white.

  The summer passed dully for the young
couple. Frazer and the neighbors contin-
ued to help with advice. Annie bought an
account book in Canon City and Frank
grew accustomed to being the possessor of
fifteen thousand dollars. Goss’ name was
entered as an equal partner, and the girl
was very exact in her bookkeeping. Her
brother was eager to enlist but she dis-
suaded him.

  That summer was hard on ranchers. An
unprecedented drouth dried up the West.
Stocks of merchandise and provisions in
Colorado were thinned out almost to the
vanishing point, and the demands made by
Montana’s new mines cut into even this
slender margin.

  One night after the harvesting was fin-
ished and Annie was busy with her accounts
her brother interrupted her by asking:
“Why bother, Annie. We've made no
money this season.”

  “But I must have a record to show Mr.
Goss.”

  “Annie, Nate won’t come back. He may
be dead. No letter all this time. No, Nate
won’t come back.”

  She collapsed with her head on her book.
As he tried to comfort her she piteously

moaned: “My -, Frank. Can’t you

even let me pretend? Can’t you let me try
to fool myself if it helps me just a bit to get
through a day?”

  “We’ll quit here. We’ll go to Canon City,
122

Adventure

Annie. You’re broken up. It’s too lonely
here.”

  “I’d rather stay here,” she replied.

  “No. Frazer was saying only the other
day that the Plains tribes are in an ugly
mood. I’m afraid we’re not safe here.”
This lie served his purpose, and once she
had consented she could not start soon
enough. When they closed the house and
were about to ride away she wrote on the
door—

Gone to Caiion City

  The winter set in about the middle of Oc-
tober and proved to be the worst in the his-
tory of Colorado. Hundreds of heads of
stock froze on the Plains where heretofore
thay had thrived and fattened. Trade with
the East was cut off by deep snows. Fuel
went up a hundred per cent. For months
hay and grain sold steadily for from fifteen
to twenty cents a pound. Eastern foun-
dries were busy along with the machine-
shops in making war material, and but little
mining machinery could be manufactured.
This shortage made but little difference to
Colorado in the spring of ’64, for the plant-
ing season opened with disastrous rains.
Towns were overflowed. Denver was dev-
astated by a great flood. Rivers cut new
channels. Ranches and crops disappeared.
The Plains were impassable.

  Annie insisted they ride down and see
what was left of “Mr. Goss’ ranch,” as she
persisted in calling it. To their surprize it
had escaped the fury of the high water.
But planting was an impossibility. Yet
she was strangely perverse, and insisted
they stay there a while. Just as it became
possible to freight the keenly needed sup-
plies across the Plains, there came a culmi-
nating disaster. The Plains Indians smoked
for war and commenced destroying trains
and attacking stagecoaches. For two
months all communication with the river
was cut off.

  When the black news of the general red
uprising reached the ranch, young Ellis re-
belled against fate and cried:

  “What a country! What a life to be liv-
ing! You won’t agree to my enlisting, but
life here is worse than fighting.”

  She was examining his account book when
he began his lament. She closed it softly
and said:

  “Life isn’t pleasant for me, dear. And I
can’t even fight and forget to be miserable.
From what Mr. Frazer said the war must be
most over. But there’s some fighting left.
Go if you want to. As soon as we can we’ll
go back East. I could have lived out here.
After I got used to it I began to like it. If
things had been different I’d preferred stay-
ing out here. But I won’t keep you, Frank.”
“I’m sorry, Annie. I didn’t mean to
make you feel bad. But everything seems
so useless. We’re good pards, you’n me.
There would have been three of us, all good
pards. Well, well. Too bad. Sometimes
I had the notion you liked him a little, even
if you didn’t like his ways.”

  “I like him now, Frank,” she whispered,
and she rose from the table. “I’d like him
now even if he came back a gambler. I’ve
been in poor business to judge him. Good
night.”

  He would have detained her but she flung
off his hand and ran to her room.

  That night the wind prowled and howled
around the ranch house and kept the two
awake long into the morning. There was
a savage exultation in its cries that made
Ellis see the Utes again as they were when
he was a prisoner. It was near sunrise when
they finally fell asleep, and they slept late.

  The girl was the first to hear the soft rap-
ping on the door. Drowsy with sleep she
wrapped a blanket around her and went to
the window, thinking to see one of the
neighbors. A man was limping from the
door to a horse.

  “Frank! Frank! He’s come back! He’s
comeback! Get up! Get up!” she screamed.
Goss turned and called out:

  “Hurry up and open up. Your sign on
the door says you’re in Canon City, and I
rode through there in the night. Don’t
keep a man waiting whose right leg is
scarcely mended.”

  She did not wait for her brother to hear
her cry for she foolishly feared that Goss
might ride away. So it was she who opened
the door, draped like an Indian girl. As
he limped across the threshold she saw his
face was thin and lined and much older.
Their eyes met in a steady gaze; then he
picked her up and was muttering:

  “Good little pard! True little pard!
Waited for me! Let Frank have his sleep
out.”

THE END
uaidsmaii

L.Paul

Author of “Handsome Isn't," “Stummicks," etc.

OLD Bill Stevens pushed his canoe in
toward the bank at the Stoppin’
Place. It was late autumn. He
noticed, as the bow grounded, that
a fringe of ice lay on the margin of the river
though the sun had been up for two hours.
Old Bill stepped out, drew the canoe up on
the shore and started for Danby’s, the only
store, indeed the only habitation, in the
Stoppin’ Place.

  Danby himself was lounging at the door
and at sight of old Bill he turned toward
his barn where his old Indian man-of-all-
work squatted idly.

  “Hey there, Two Blanket,” Danby called.
“Spade up some earth and bank the store.
Old Bill’s here on his last trip, and winter
ain’t far behind him, certain sure.”

  Two Blanket, whose ancestors had got
through countless northern Quebec winters
without undue labor, grunted, rose and got
to work.

  Old Bill Stevens was the local weather
prophet. And when he made his last trip
down from the portage to get his winter
supplies, Danby always figured the freeze-up
as coming close behind.

  Old Bill came up to the store building, a
rough structure of logs.

  “What’s new?” he asked. He had been
up at his cabin in the woods for three
months with never the sight of another
man.

  “Got company,” Danby told him.

  “Do tell! What sort?” the old man
asked.

  “I ain’t pestered him,” Danby told him.
“I don’t get curious with strangers till I got
’em sized up. ’Member once up near
Dawson before I come East I was settin’ in
a saloon when a guy come in, and after he’d
bought a drink all round for the nine o’ us
that was there, he up and asks, ‘Where be
you-all from?’ ”

  Danby paused for effect. Old Bill fidg-
eted a moment but knew better than to
prompt him.

  “Well, sir,” Danby concluded, “after
they’d picked that there curious guy up
they found eight bullet holes through him.
The ninth sour-dough had a grudge ag’in’
the bartender an’ took his chance to work
it off. Since which day I don’t ask fool
questions.”

  “And where did they come from, chum?”
a voice asked from behind him.

  Old Bill peeped into the door of the store
and saw a big man squatted on a bench be-
fore the stove.

  “Where did them blighters all come
from?” asked the big man pleasantly.

  “Huh?” Danby turned. “You feelin’
better? When a man can make jokes like
that he ain’t as bad as you looked when you
come stumblin’ off the trail from end o’
steel.”

  Old Bill nudged him.

  “He ain’t jokin’. He means it, that
there fool question. Reckon the p’int of
your annegote don’t percolate through his
head,” he whispered.

  Then he raised his voice.

123
124

Adventure

  “He don’t look like the shootin’ kind,
Danby. Anyways I’m a curious fool an’
was born with questions on me lips.”

        HE STEPPED inside the store
and thrust out his hand.
flHB “I’m Bill Stevens,” he an-
nounced. “Shake, stranger.”
“Name o’ Hawkins—Corp’l Hawkins o’
the Guards.”

  The stranger rose, stood gingerly in his
sock feet and shook hands.

  Old Bill saw that despite his fatigue his
shoulders were well back, his spine was
straight, his chin in. He didn’t know much
about Guards but he liked Hawkins’
looks.

  Hawkins saw a thin, short, little man
with iron-gray hair, twinkling blue eyes and
skin like leather; a cocky little man who had
the appearance of being able to look after
himself anywhere, especially in this new
country of forest and stream.

  “Corp’l Hawkins of the Guards,” Old Bill
repeated dubiously.

  And his eyes traveled across the Uttered
counter to the wall where hung a litho-
graphed calendar. It depicted several red-
clad figures in busbies, grouped around
the regimental colors, standing at attention
woodenly.

  “Guards, hey,” he objected. “Them’s
guards yonder, for it says so underneath.
You don’t look like no guardsman.”
Ex-Corporal Hawkins’ face flushed.

  “Strike me - well pink, chum,” he

complained indignantly. “Is it my blinkin’
fault that I got flat feet?”

  “You don’t expect him to come prancin’
in here with his red jacket an’ fur hat, do
ye, Bill?” Danby laughed. “Reckon he left
them behind somewheres. King George
ain’t going to let no lad lug them expen-
sive garmints into the bush, not if he’s got
a head on him.”

  “Mebbe so. Mebbe so.” Bill sat down
on the bench. “Now, Corp’l Hawkins* we
don’t use them military titles hereabouts.
I’m General Nuisance from the portage and
this grinnin’ idjit yonder is a field marshal,
him owin’ the only field hereabouts, but we
ain’t proud. I answer to the name o’ Bill
and if ye yell ‘Danby,’ he’ll overcharge ye
as intelligent as he can. As for ye, we’ll
forget the corp’l part, and since we don’t
take without givin’ in return, hereafter ye’ll
be known as Flatfoot Hawkins. And now,

if ye’ll give us line and verse, where ye come

from, and why-”

  “That I will, chum.”

Hawkins cuddled his sore feet in his hands
and balanced precariously on the bench.

  “I’m from Lunnon, Lunnon in the bloom-
in’ smoke, Lunnon that’s half the -

world, the biggest town God ever made.
And I come here because I was tired o’ it,
tired o’ crowds, sick o’ sleepin’ an’ eatin’ an’
livin’ with a thousand men, fed up with
people!”

  “And why did ye pick the Stoppin’
Place?” asked Danby.

  “I got off the train at the end of the line,
chum. I saw a road, and, says I, this here
road goes somewheres else and there can’t
be no worse place than here, says I, so I
started marchin’. ’Twas a sizable bit I

come, and never a soul I met. I slep’ out
under a tree, chum. And this morning I
come out of the bush, and here I am.”

  “Do tell!” Old Bill ejaculated. “Ye saw
a road, and ye come—simple like that.
And what do ye expect to do now, Flatfoot
Hawkins?”

  “I shall apply for a situation, chum,” the
late corporal of the Guards announced
simply. “I am willing and strong and used

to knockin’ about, and-”

  “Now do ye get that, Danby?” Bill in-
terrupted. “He’ll apply for a situation,
will Mister Flatfoot Hawkins, an’ since
there’s one citizen to every thousand square
mile o’ this thrivin’ distric’ he won’t have no
The Guardsman

125

trouble pickin’ an’ choosin’.” He eyed the
big man pityingly. “Flatfoot, this here
ain’t London.”

  “I—I have seen that much,” Hawkins
agreed.

  “Not that the Stoppin’ Place ain’t a siz-
able burg at that,” Bill went on. “There’s
a couple of barns behind the trees that ye
ain’t seen yet, but right here in this room ye
have before ye the entire population o’ the
Stoppin’ Place an’ its only suburb, the
portage, ’cept for that wuthless Injin, Two
Blanket.”

  “If I can’t get no situation to suit,” Flat-

foot told them simply, “I shall- well

settle on the land here and do what I can.”
“Ye would!” Bill turned to Danby.
“Now what’s to be done with this here in-
fant. He ups and leaves London, an’ never
stops till he lands here. And why? ’Cause
he’s got a touch o’ the thing that druv’ us
here. ’Cause he seen a road goin’ some-
where, an’ follered it. ’Cause when that
there road turned into a bush trail he just
come the faster.

  “He don’t know it, does Flatfoot, but he’s
got the heart of a pioneer. That’s what ails
him. And if he don’t know enough to come
in out of the rain, why ’tis up to us to help
him, Danby. Me, I’ll hire ye, Flatfoot, and
if ye have the stuff, it’ll show before spring.”
“And I’ll stake ye to an outfit,” the prac-
tical Danby promised. ” Them bloke clothes
ain’t proper for the bush.”

  “Thanks, chum,” Flatfoot said. “I don’t
want no charity. Mister Bill here can stop
the price out of my screw, that is, if I’m
worth more than prog.”

  He bent to draw on his boots.

  “Now, Mister Bill, Corp’l—beg pardon—
Flatfoot Hawkins reports for duty. ”

  “The first thing is to set easy and hearken
to me.”

  Old Bill grinned. He was beginning to
like his hired man.

  “Bein’ fair minded I got to warn ye. I’ve
my faults, lots o’ them. In the first place
a city man I guided, claimed I uster lick
my knife before helpin’ myself to butter.
Course that won’t hurt, for we’ll see no but-
ter this winter. Then I’m a mite pertickler
about keepin’ clean. Had to fire the last
man I holed up with ’cause he wouldn’t
wash his face Saturdays. Course I don’t
hold with no continuous—now—ablutions,

but once a week’s not too frequent-”

  “Strike me-well pink, Mister Bill. I

been in the Guards, and when it wasn’t
washing it was spit and polish till I was
fair sick of it,” Flatfoot broke in.

  “Ye have the look of a man that done
your share o’ such,” Bill calmed him, “and
ye won’t find me onreasonable. But there’s
more cornin’. I ain’t fussy about some
things but I aim to keep my own toothbrush
strictly private. Mighty handy them little
things is for cleanin’ a gun-breech. Had a
feller once that kep’ lookin’ longingly at my
toothbrush. One day I cotched him,
cotched him cold, and what do ye think he
was doing with my toothbrush an’ the gun
oil?”

  “I—I can’t say, Mister Bill.”

  “He was brushin’ an slickin’ his mous-
tache with it.”

  Old Bill rose.

  “Well, aside from them queer streaks in
me I’m easy to get along with. And now,
Danby, you throw my stuff together right
prompt. It’s fifteen mile o’ paddlin’ an’
polin’ to my cabin, Flatfoot, an ye can de-
vote the time to one thing ye must learn.
Don’t tack any mister onto me. I answer
to plain Bill. When a man’s labeled ‘Mis-
ter’ hereabouts it means he’s a tenderfoot.”

         THE trip up Swift River demon-
strated one fact. Ex-Corporal
Hawkins of the Guards was no
canoeist. Not that he wasn’t
willing, but after the first experiment old
Bill gruffly told him to ride passenger.

  “He’s good for something,” the old man
pondered, staring at Hawkins’ broad shoul-
ders ahead of him. “Stands to reason every
man’s got the power to do something
proper. But canoes and him don’t agree,
not in November, anyways.”

  They reached old Bill’s cabin late that
night. Together they carried the supplies
up the slope from the river.

  The cabin was a peeled log structure,
well-built, weather proof, big enough for
two men, but no bigger. Below it the land
sloped downward, a hundred yards of
natural meadow, to the brawling rapids
that made the portage necessary, gave it
its name. Above, the hill was pine-clad
and more abrupt, a barrier against the
north wind.

  Inside were two bunks, a small stove,
rude benches, hand-hewn, plank table and
old Bill's trapping outfit. He ushered ex-
Corporal Hawkins in proudly.
126

Adventure

  “Reckon ye won’t find no better shack
this side o’ Montreal,” he boasted. “Course
I don’t know for sure. Me, I ain’t no trav-
eler. When I get so far south that I see
a dozen folks at once I get skeered of the
crowds and come back home.”

  “Tidy bit of all right,” Flatfoot agreed.
“And now what’s the job?”

  And he threw off his coat, rolled up his
sleeves and waited for orders.

  “Take that there hand ax and chop me
a bit o’ kindlin’,” Old Bill suggested. “Me,
I’ll rustle grub right off.”

  “Righto.”

  Hawkins grabbed the small ax and went
outside.

  “Even if he can’t do no more for the
present than chop wood and lug water,”
decided old Bill. “Even if this here pio-
neer I’ve hired don’t do no more than such
chores, he’s worth his keep. For he’ll be
dumned interestin’, will Flatfoot, and he’s
got guts, too.”

  He paused, for Flatfoot was returning.
The big man was cuddling one hand in the
other. Blood dripped to the floor.

  “Ax bit ye?”

  Old Bill scowled, then examined his hired
man’s hand.

  “Well, there ain’t no harm done, but ye’d
better leave them dangerous-edged tools
alone for a bit. I see that choppin’
ain’t one o’ the things ye do best,
Flatfoot.”

  The cut was, luckily, superficial. Old
Bill bound it up.

  “Wait a bit, chum, and I’ll get that there
wood.”

  Hawkins made for the door again.

  “Wait a minute, wait a minute,” Bill
grinned as he stopped the other. “Ye are
a daring cuss but ye are lucky to have your
toes with you still. Them axes like nothin’
better than loppin’ off little things like toes.
You set there and rest.”

  He went out. In a moment he was back,
his arms filled with wood.

  “There’s a trick to it, Flatfoot,” he re-
marked kindly.

  “You’re a bloomin’ magician,” Hawkins
conceded.

  Old Bill smiled modestly and set about
getting supper.

  When they had eaten; when, pipes ligthed,
they pushed their benches back from the
table, old Bill Stevens unfolded his philos-
ophy.

  “Reckon ye wonder why I hired ye?” he
remarked.

  “That I do,” Hawkins answered morose-
ly. “For I see now a man needs to know a
bit up here.”

   “Well, since ye ain’t conceited, I’ll tell
ye, the answer being, ‘dumned if I know.’ ”
Old Bill paused to arrange his thoughts.
“I seen ye at Danby’s an’ I liked ye an’ I
hired ye, which being done and final till the
break-up next spring, we got to find out
what ye are good for. Dumned if ye ain’t
good for somethin’. But it ain’t canoeing
and it ain’t wood-cutting, and so from
now on forever more we’ll sort of try ye
out, Flatfoot, with one thing and another.
First and foremost, what did ye do in them
Guards? And before ye answer make up
your mind not to boast none. Lots o’ folks
talk pretty at the end of steel and act foolish
in the bush. I mind one sport claimed to be
the best paddler ever stepped into a canoe,
and he dumped me in still water five
minutes after we pushed off.

  “ ’Nother tongue merchant swore ’twas
his habit to shoot a lion or a grizzley before
breakfast just to keep his hand in, and not a
hundred yard from the Stoppin’ Place he
shot my hat off’n my head, attemptin’ to
massacree one o’ Danby’s chickens. He
figured on pa’tridge for supper, he did, but
he got language mostly, for I was riled. So
when ye answer speak careful, Flatfoot, for

this is the - of a country to call a

man’s bluff. Now what did ye do in them
Guards besides wear a red coat and a
fur hat?”

  Flatfoot tried to select some worthy
activity out of his military past, something
that would impress his employer.

  “I—I mounted guard at Buckin’m Pal-
ace,” he replied at last.

  “Can ye put it clearer like?” Old Bill
begged. “Me, I’m a poor, ignorant bushman,
and aside from them red-coated, fur-hatted
lads in the picture back to the Stoppin’
Place, I know no more of guards than ye do
of canoes.”

   “It’s like this, chum,” Flatfoot explained.
“I’m walking my beat as you might say, and
His Gracious Majesty comes a-riding past.

And I present arms, so-”

  And he grabbed Hill’s shotgun to demon-
strate.	i

  “Go as far as ye like. It ain’t loaded,”
Bill remarked. “And was that there mon-
key-on-a-stick business all ye did?”
The Guardsman

127

  “No, chum,” ex-Corporal Hawkins as-
sured him. “When his Gracious Majesty,
God bless him, come a-riding back I pre-
sented arms again.”

  “Ye did?” Old Bill sought vainly in this
hectic guardsman life for some sign of
sense. “And doubtless George was grati-
fied.”

“O’ course that was when I was a pri-
vate,” Corporal Hawkins went on. “And
in them days I done kitchen fatigue, too.”
“Say no more, Flatfoot, say no more. I
see somethin’.”

  Old Bill jumped up and grabbed a dirty,
dog-eared paper book.

  “If ye done kitchen fatigue ye must be
able to cook, and if so be ye can throw grub
together proper, there’s hope for this outfit
yet. But since I don’t take no man’s word
for what he can do ye must show me first.
Can ye bake a cake?”

  “I’m no great hand at it,” Flatfoot told
him modestly

  “ ’Tis simple if ye are a real cook and hard
if ye are not.”

  Bill flipped the cookbook open.

  “Course we got no butter, but there’s lard.
And I ain’t much on sweet stuff either, but
makin’ a cake is as good a test as anything.
I’ll keep the stove going good and that there
box oven’ll cook her right. Throw her to-
gether, and if anything’s missing that’s
printed down here put in somethin’ else.
That’s what a good bush cook has to learn
to do, else his customers’d starve.”

: “Righto.”

  Flatfoot rose and commenced operations
by reading the recipe. Then he paused
doubtfully.

  “This here calls for eggs,” he complained.
“Put in lots o’ baking powder,” Bill com-
manded. “And don’t hint that ye are a
daylight cook and must wait till tomorrow,
for I aims to drop asleep tonight feelin’ joy-
ful because I’ve hired me a bang-up cook.
Start things moving now. Me, I’ll hot up
the oven for ye.”

  Twenty minutes later Flatfoot had fin-
ished his batter. It filled to the brim the
tin pan he had used. It was chalky-white,
and it certainly looked as much like an
embryonic cake as like anything else. Old
Bill came over to the table to examine it.

  “Tarnation,” he remarked. “It’s to be
hoped she’s done rising. Cake is cake, but
if she swells more, there’ll be a winter’s sup-
ply o’t. Not that I can’t -”

  He stopped suddenly. For as he spoke,
his pipe, dangling from between his half-
opened lips, slipped. Striking the edge of
the pan, it spread a film of ash over the fair
white surface of the cake.

  “Shucks,” old Bill remarked. “Least
said, soonest mended. ’Tis a bit soiled, that
cake, Flatfoot. You chuck in a bit o’
cocoa an stir it round. It won’t show them
ashes then. Besides I always did like a
chocklit cake. There’s tricks to woods
cooking, as ye may observe.”

  Flatfoot obeyed. Then he stuck the cake
into the oven, a sickly, brown mess it was
by then, too.

  “And to think of me wonderin’ what ye
was good for.”

  Old Bill filled in the time required for
baking the cake with a sort of monologue:
“Wonderin’ and puzzlin’ why ye was let
loose upon us. And all the time ye are a
cook! Never saw nobody throw a cake
together quicker. No, sir; never did.”

  “I—I just follered the bloomin’ book.”
Hawkins wasn’t looking for praise. “Be-
sides, it isn’t cooked yet, chum.”

  “Give her time, give her time,” Bill re-
plied.

  Half an hour later they drew the pan out of
the oven. The cake seemed to have shrunk.

  “That’s the chocklit,” Bill diagnosed the
case. “It’ll be one o’ those heavy solid
cakes they make round Christmas time.
Wish I’d thought to have ye stick a few
raisins into her. Dump her on the table
upside down and shake her free of the pan.”
Hawkins obeyed. The pan fell solidly on
the rough table. But nothing happened.
The cake remained stuck tight.

  “Hand me that skinnin’ knife,” Bill
ordered, flopping the pan over.

  Hawkins handed him the keen blade. He
thrust it boldly into the mysteries of that
cake, or tried to. But it skidded on the
surface and slid over the tin side of the pan.
Bill shook his head.

  “Gimme the ax,” he commanded gruffly.
He drove the blade of the ax at the cake.
It sunk a bare half inch. When he sought
to lift it for a second blow, the cake and pan
came with it. Old Bill let the ax fall
again. Then turned to Flatfoot Hawkins.

  “You go make three notches on that there
bunk post,” he directed .

Mystified, his new hired man obeyed.
“One to remind ye that ye can’t paddle a
canoe,” Old Bill explained patiently as
128

Adventure

Hawkins cut into the post. “One to indi-
cate ye can’t chop wood and a grand deep
one to say ye are no cook. And every time
I find out somethin’ ye can’t do, ye’ll cut
another notch. I heard o’ these princes
and dooks that sleep in their richly carved
beds,” concluded old Bill Stevens. “But
come springtime they won’t have nothing
on me.”

jUMfT) FOR two weeks no further notch-
es were cut in that bunk-post.
IBfjijMI Old Bill contented himself with
studying his hired man in such
spare time as he had. And spare time was
scant, for snow was overdue, ice was be-
ginning to shove out its tiny needles from
the banks of Swift River, and the time was
at hand when he must set out his traps.

  He found Flatfoot a willing worker. The
big man could at least fetch and carry for
him. And there was no doubt that, aside
from his general inefficiency, ex-Corporal
Hawkins was a pleasant enough companion.

  But with the first deep snow Bill decided
to make another effort. He rummaged in
the pole-floored loft under the cabin’s roof
and produced snow shoes. Danby had
outfitted the big guardsman completely, and
now, clad in mackinaw and moccasins, he
came out to learn the difficult art of the
webbed shoe.

  Five minutes later old Bill desisted.

  “Ye can go and cut another notch, Flat-
foot,” he declared disgustedly .

  “Strike me--well pink, chum” Flat-

foot protested. “Is it my blamed fault?

How the - can I tell which foot I’m

standing on the other with, and both of them
under the snow?”

  “Take them off and cut that notch.”

  Old Bill stared gloomily down the slope
of the natural meadow. Then had an in-
spiration.

  “Why not?” he thought. “There’s a lot
in common between this here tenderfoot and
that thick-headed Swede timber cruiser
what give me the danged things.”

  And at once went to rummage anew in
the loft. This time he drew out a pair
of skis, long, polished, wooden blades with
strong harness.

  “Shuck them moccasins and slip on
boots,” he commanded.

  And more or less patiently Flatfoot
obeyed. But he was beginning to have
suspicions.

  “I trust you are not making game of
me,” he voiced his doubts as old Bill bent
to adjust the ski harness for him. “I’m
signed on for duration, I am, and I’ll stick
but if you spoof me, chum, I will take it out
of your hide come spring.”

  “Ye are suspicious,” Old Bill grinned.

  “Now what do I do with these-bed-

slats?” asked Flatfoot.

  “Ye travel!”

  Bill rose and slipped behind him. He
pushed hard, and Flatfoot, slipping over the
crest of the slope, legs locked rigid, his tall
body balanced precariously, started down
the slope towards the open river with all
the speed a wtell polished pair of skis could
yield.

  • “I say—I say—How do I stop these
blinkin’ things,” he called as he swayed and
slipped down the slope.

  “Fall, durn ye.” Old Bill made for the
cabin unconcernedly. “And afterwards see
ye climb back up here with them still on to
ye.”

  A shower of snow told him he had been
obeyed. Flatfoot had fallen. He watched
from the threshold till the big guardsman
had struggled to his feet again, right at the
river’s edge. He grinned as he eyed the
long slope its snowy surface marred only
by the single ski track. Then he went into
the cabin.

  “He’ll be hungry when he gets up here,”
concluded Bill. “But I’m gamblin’ he’s
got the guts to push them skis over the top
if it takes all night. Can’t cut no more*
notches in yonder bunk-post or I’ll be failin’
to the floor one o’ these nights.”

  Two hours later he opened the door and
looked out. The hillside was criss-crossed
with ski tracks. Here and there huge hol-
lows in the snow loomed up like buffalo
wallows.

  Halfway up the slope Flatfoot was pa-
tiently making his twentieth attempt. He
was edging sidewise, and even as old Bill
watched, he slipped the back of one ski over
the other, put his weight on it.

  “He learns slow and British,” Bill de-
cided. “But ain’t he the persistent cuss?”

  The ski slipped. Flatfoot, waving his
arms wildly, shot backward down the slope
to a staggering fall.

  “Take them toys off and come home,”
Bill cried.

  “Like ---I will.” Flatfoot sat up.

“I’ll walk these-bed-slats over the top
The Guardsman

129

of this hill if it takes till spring to do it.”

“I’m beginning to like that cuss,” Old
Bill thought as he started towards the stove.

  “I know I like the cuss,” he decided an
hour later when he heard the slip-slip of
skis outside the door.

  Flatfoot Hawkins stood there, snow from
head to foot.

  “There’s a trick to it, I’d say,” he crowed,
triumphantly. “And s’welp me, chum,
I’ve got it!”

FROM that night Flatfoot stuck
to the skis. He acquired none of
the graceful accomplishments of
the art; knew nothing of Telemark
or Christiana Swing, and when he wanted
to stop he sat down. But he learned enough
to make winter travel possible. And so,
when two weeks passed with no further
notches on the bunkpost, old Bill decided to
try him with something else.

  “Feel a mite tired,” he complained craft-
ily one afternoon. “Ye’d best slip down
river and look over them traps. Put on
the Swede Seven League Boots and be care-
ful the rampagin’ squirrels don’t get a free
feed off ye. And mind that a skin with
holes beat in—it don’t bring in the money.
Kill a trapped animal gently for it’s worth
money.”

  “Righto,” agreed Flatfoot cheerily.

  “I hope ’tis a prophecy, that,” Bill re-
plied. “For hitherto when ye say ‘righto’
ye mean ‘wrongo.’ ”

  Then he watched as the big man slid off
down the slope towards the river.

  “Make a trapper of him yet,” Bill
thought. “He handles them skis better
every day. Me, I wouldn’t trust myself on
them things if I was paid for it.”

  Then he settled down to wait.

  In an hour Flatfoot Hawkins was back,
empty handed.

  “Nothin’ stirrin?” Bill asked.

  Hawkins seemed elated.

  “Nothing but trouble, chum. Do you
know what I found in that third trap? I
found trouble.”

  “Unless it was a elephant or a tiger, which
same ain’t strictly native, I’d presume ye’d
have brought it back dead.” Bill com-
plained. “Animals hereabouts may trap
themselves, but they don’t deliver their
dead bodies at the door. They got to be
lugged.”

“Prime luck I didn’t lug this one.”

9	'

 Hawkins grinned happily for he felt that at
 last he was earning his keep.

 “Many’s the lad I’ve seen in trouble for

cotching them little - of foxes back

home, with the Master of the Hunt and
all the gentry in the county down on him.
No, chum, ’tis dangerous to kill a fox.”

“A fox—a fox, ye big idiot. Ye didn’t—

ye wouldn’t-”

“Yes, a fox. I let him go. Here he was
in the trap and, says I, nobody’s seen him
for there’s no tracks about—and that was
woodscraft, chum, me rememberin’ to look
for ski marks—here’s this fox, and if any

one finds out, Bill’ll cotch--. So I let

him go.”

 “Ye let him go. Ye let him go,” Bill re-
 peated, his anger rising. “A fox, and ye
 turned him loose.”

“Now you needn’t let your dander get
up,” Flatfoot soothed him. “This wasn’t
even a proper looking fox, anyway. Off

color it was-”

 “Off color—off color!”

 Bill came closer and shook his fist under
 the big man’s nose.

“What do you mean by off color?”

 “It was a sort of black, and old too, for I

seen white hairs on it-”

 Flatfoot was prepared to describe the fox
 completely, but old Bill had stopped listen-
 ing. He had grabbed the hand ax.

 “Sort of off color,” screamed old Bill.
 “With silver hairs amongst the gold, like.”
 Chop-chop-chop, as he attacked the bunk-
 post.

“And ‘I saved ye trouble!’ says Mister
Flatfoot Hawkins, ‘for I let him go!’ ”
Chop-chop-chop.

 “ ‘It was only a silver fox,’ thinks Mister
 Corporal Hawkins, and what’d we do with
 the thousand dollars it’d bring?”
 Chop-chop-chop.

“Cuttin’ that bunk-post down don’t do
no good,” Flatfoot protested.

 “It’s the post or your head.”

 Old Bill stopped for a minute. Then his
 anger left him as suddenly as it had come.
 After all it was his fault letting this green-
 horn loose on the trap-line.

“Reckon it don’t do no good,” he ad-
mitted glumly. “But see here, Flatfoot,
you stick close by the cabin after this.
Amusin’ you are in small doses, but I can’t
afford to have ye doing kind deeds to my
animals. That there fox ye set free is prob-
ably laughin’ at ye right now. Oh yes, I
130

Adventure

know how they treats them foxes in your
country—a lord I guided once told me. But
shucks, what’s the use. You’ll be little
Johnny-Mind-the-Fire for a bit from now
on, and any time you get conceited, you go
count the notches in yonder bunk-post.”

         IT WAS a week later that the
bull moose came plowing through
■Bp*1 the heavy snow toward the
cabin. He was a rangy brute,
new to that district, unused to man, for he
came from the barrens to the North. And
through thick falling snow he did not see
the cabin till he stood half way up the open
meadow right where the wind had piled the
snow deepest.

  Hawkins spotted him and called Old Bill.
The great brute was standing stock still, his
back level with the snow, head up and nose
working.

  Old Bill was in good humor. His traps
had yielded another fox the day before and
this time it had not got away.

  “No use wasting ca’tridges on him. He’s
snowbound,” he remarked as he slipped on
his snowshoes. “Over five foot o’ soft snow
where he is, and I aim to keep him there,” he
continued.

  “You aren’t going to tackle him with that
knife?” Hawkins asked incredulously.

  “Seein’ that my teeth is dull, I reckon I
got to.” Bill started down the slope. “Be-
sides, if I bit him he might get peevish.
I’ve known ’em to, Flatfoot.”

  At his coming, the moose turned and tried
to flounder back toward the river. But Old
Bill headed him off. On snowshoes he could
easily outstrip the huge floundering animal.

  The moose turned again toward the
cabin, making slow progress of it as he
plowed through the deep snow. Old Bill
went round him again. He was trying to
get in position for what he had in mind, a
swift stab of the long keen knife at the
great beast’s throat. On any other footing
it would have been impossible. Even here
there was the chance that the moose might
break for firmer going and make it.

  The bull seemed to read his purpose and
swung down-river, keeping, however, to the
deep snow of midslope. Old Bill turned
with him, running along beside him, wait-
ing his chance. Had he been alone he would
have ended the business then and there, if
indeed he had ever started this hippodrom-
ing, but from the corner of his eye he could

see Flatfoot goggling on the hilltop, as ap-
preciative an audience as any old white-
headed show-off could ever hope for. He’d
show the greenhorn a bit of woodscraft he’d
remember, would Old Bill Stevens.

  So he kept pace with the wallowing, fran-
tic animal and herded it along with loud
cries until they were near the edge of the
pines. Then, and then only, with the art-
ist’s nice instinct for the proper climax, Old
Bill put on speed, came up along the heaving
back of the animal and bent to drive home
his knife.

  It was at this moment that his left snow-
shoe came off.

  He fell. The moose, as if sensing what
had happened, as if realizing that this pur-
suer was now at his mercy, stopped, then
turned. Old Bill, fumbling frantically,
could not get that webbed shoe on again.
And as he gripped the half-frozen thongs of
the harness his knife slipped from his grasp.
He was as helpless with the one snowshoe as
a one-legged man on skates. Worst of all,
the big moose seemed to know it.

  He came slowly, deliberately toward Bill
Stevens. Bill could see his great eyes fixed
on him, could almost read the purpose in
them.

  He was not, however, the kind to give up
easily. Walking, let alone running, was
impossible in that deep snow. But he could
roll, and like a great snowball Bill Stevens
started down hill toward the river. And
the moose, as if playing some game, kept
pace with him.

  Up on the hilltop Flatfoot Hawkins, ex-
corporal of the Guards, to whom a moose
was a new and terrifying animal, turned and
dived for the cabin. When he came out
again, Old Bill was near the bottom of the
slope, and the moose, angling round him,
and found firmer footing. Old Bill, tired
by his strenuous progress, sought to slither
away as the bull edged closer to him. But
he knew that he was done except for a mir-
acle ; knew that the big bull overcoming his
last doubts and fears was about to strike.

  The huge brute came closer, rose on his
hind legs. His huge bulk towered over Old
Bill. His forelegs working like pistons,
struck at the trapper, prone there on the
snow.

  By a supreme effort Bill Stevens clawed
out of reach. The moose bounded forward,
rose again, and again those sharp hoofs
struck.
The Guardsman

  And then, crack—crack—crack. Old Bill
Stevens wondered why they had rifles in
Heaven, wondered what that sticky hot
stuff was that first dripped, then spurted
over him; wondered as the great bulk and
its black shadow on the snow slipped slowly
sidewise and disappeared.

  Then, crouching there in the snow, Bill
Stevens saw. The bull lay in the snow be-
side him, thrashing out his life. Over its
heart was a bullet hole.

  Bill staggered to his feet. He had lost
his second snowshoe during this frantic
progress down grade. He stood there, hip
deep.

  Up on the crest of the hill, at the edge
of the hard-trodden snow around the cabin,
lay ex-Corporal Hawkins of the Guards,
his body at an angle to the line of fire, his
elbows firmly planted in the snow, legs out-
spread, a smoking rifle in his hands. Had
Old Bill been a military expert he would
have known this for the prone position in
musketry. And he would have admitted
that, like everything else military, a guards-
man did it well.

  He turned to the moose. It was dead
already.

  “Lucky shot,” he concluded. “And lucky

Bill Stevens! One o’ them other bullets
might just as well ha’ winged me.”

  And he bent to examine the wound.
Then he whistled. For the bullet hole re-
sembled a three-leaf clover.

  “Three hits at two hundred yards.” He
shook his head. “Who’d ha’ thought it.”

  Then started up the slope.

  Ex-Corporal Hawkins was methodically
cleaning the rifle when he entered the cabin.

 “Where the dad-burned - did you

learn to shoot like that?” asked Old Bill a
trifle pettishly in spite of his gratitude.

  “In the Guards,” Flatfoot told him.
“You see, chum, when things gets a bit hct
anywheres they sends out the Guards to
mop up.”

  “Will you talk sense, pardner?” Old Bill
requested humbly. “Will you take pity on
an old bushman that finds he don’t know
nothing after all? Will you say simple
what you was and what you shot in them
Guards?”

  “I was a sniper,” replied Flatfoot Haw-
kins, squinting down the rifle barrel. “And
sometimes I shot at targets, but mostly I
shot at men.”

  “Do tell,” whispered Old Bill Stevens
weakly.
  A WORK OF ART

        by Earl H. Emmons

 OU can have your foreign artists, with their temperament and such,

But these soul interpretations don’t get me excited much;
Though I give them fellers credit for the way they play their part,
Still a makin’ scenes and statues ain’t the only form of art.

I contend it doesn’t matter what a feller’s job may be,

If he’s got the thing perfected to a really high degree

And he’s far above the average in his craft, why then I say

He’s an artist just as much as them as works with paint and clay.

As a bright and fair example of an artist like I mean,

I would place in nomination Sheriff Jackson J. McKeene.

There’s a man that made a record for the ages, I opine,

And you’ll never find his equal in his own respective line.

He was not exactly cultured, but he had an honest heart,

And the way he done his work was simply nothin’ less than art;

He was good in all the branches; he could ride and trail and shoot.
But the times he showed his genius was at hangin’ some galoot.

Like a pearl from out an oyster what was raised in mud and slime,

He would take a common hangin’ and he’d make the thing sooblime.
And I claim the same was art, with all the handicaps he had,

For at times his raw materials was pretty blasted bad.

Take the case of Buzzard Kelly who was stretched for rustlin’ steers;
Why you’d never see a sweeter job in seven hundred years.

As a work with style and finish it was really rerkyshay,

And I recollect it just as plain as if it was today.

There was first a rangy rostrum on a shady stretch of ground;

And a center dinin’ table with some small ones herded ’round;

And the socially eleete from near and far was gathered there

For to cheer the Buzzard’s journey when he dumb the Golden Stair. .

And the tables they was loaded with a fodder fit for kings;

Such as pie and puddin’, cake and fruit and all them tasty things.
While a juicy yearlin’ steer was kept a roastin’ on the coals,

Which the same had been a member of the herd that Kelly stole.

At the center set some deputies and Sheriff Jack McKeene,

With the honored guest of honor, Mister Kelly, in between;

All partakin’ of refreshments in a manner blithe and gay,

While a band of seven pieces tooted joyfully away.

132
             A Work of Art

And the only thing you’d noticq, that would maybe strike you queer,
Was a rope that looped the Buzzard’s neck and knotted by his ear,
While the other end was fastened to an over hangin’ limb
That pertruded from a shady tree direct in back of him.

And the rope around his guzzle had been padded soft and wide,

So the thing would not annoy him none or scratch his tender hide;
Then a roomy pit was shoveled out beneath the Buzzard’s chair,

But the hole was covered with a trap so no one knowed it’s there.

They was kegs of flowin’ liquor for to give the party zest
And a many merry toast was drunk unto the honored guest;

Then a puncher sung some ditties with the music soft and low,

And the parson got aboard a keg and said a prayer or so.

Then the Buzzard made a speech and took occasion to declare
How entranced he was to be the guest at such a swell affair.

It was quite the greatest show he’d been invited to in years,

And he said he wouldn’t missed it for a half a hundred steers.

He declared the sheriff’s thoughtfulness he never would forget,

Said McKeene was sure the finest man that he had ever met,

And the only thing that saddened him about the party was
That he didn’t have a dozen lives to give in such a cause. /

Then the sheriff thanked the speaker and he said the blasted town
Sure was honored for to honor such a rustler of renown,

Then he bowed to Kelly while the crowd began to cheer and clap,
And when Kelly rose to bow in turn the sheriff yanked the trap.

And the Buzzard left the party through the hole beneath the floor,
And the trap swung back and everything was peaceful as before.
Then the band it played “The Endin’ of a Blasted Perfect Day,”

As we drunk to our departed guest who had been called away.

And when Kelly finished kickin’ and the rope was straight and still,
Then we pulled him out and planted him on Cemetery Hill.

And the band it broke into the tune of “Hot Old Times Tonight,”

As it led the way to Casey’s bar, the Buckaroo’s Delight.

And I claim it’s art to hang a man in such a pleasant way,

Leavin’ him and everybody pleased, the which is why I say
That the Hall of Fame ain’t finished till it honors Jack McKeene
As the greatest hangin’ artist that the world has ever seen.
ompicte
1.ette

- FrcJoicLM.

GD1»C

Author of “God of the Sakoi,” “The Secret of the Timor Lout," etc.

IHE eggs that the old Malay
woman’s sellin’ you these days is
somethin’ brutal on bein’ rotten,”
remarked “Port Light” Johnson
as he got down on his knees to blow the
coconut-coir fire over which he was cooking
breakfast among the rocks on the beach.

  Having only one eye, and that the left, he
had long been known as “Port Light” to the
sailors and beachcombers from Sydney to
Vigan.

  “Thursday” Smith was sitting in the edge
jungle and much concerned with mending
his old dungaree trousers.

  “You cook them eggs and keep your trap
shut,” he remarked pleasantly, holding up
what was left of his trousers and scanning
them critically in an attempt to decide
whether the contemplated patch should go
on with a bias which would simplify sub-
sequent sewing.

  Port Light turned and trained his marble-
white dead eye on Thursday; the other eye
was squinted from the smoke.

  “Don’t you try to lord it over me, Thurs-
day, just because it’s my turn at bein’ cook.
Fix your breeches if you like, but mind what
I’m tellin’ you of—the eggs is bad. That
Malay , woman’s chickens is stayin’ out
nights and layin’ eggs in the jungle. Them’s
what she sells to us—and keeps the fresh
ones for the swells at the Kota Baiun Hotel.
Me, I ain’t goin’ to eat dud eggs!”

  He swung to the fire again, taking care of
his bare knees as he got down in the sand.
His trousers of dirty canvas were cut off at

the knees, and he wore shoes with elastic
tops that curled down over his sockless
ankles, giving him something of the appear-
ance of a wood-sprite, or the fairy shoe-
maker that is always pictured in books of
fanciful people for children

  His old gingham shirt still had the vague
traces of a red pattern running through the
faded fabric. His bare head had a yellow-
ish thatch of hair that curled in ringlets
about his ears and neck. His blue eye and
his white one looked most startling in their
setting of sun-browned skin.

  “Then go down to the Kota Baiun and
eat on the restaurant veranda, and have
native flunkeys to hand your grub to you,”
said Thursday. “You don’t cook them
eggs right—you boil ’em too long to have
’em soft, and not long enough to have ’em
hard. That makes ’em sticky.”

  He looked out over the rosy sea and the
salmon sky, for the sun was well up, and the
morning too lovely to bother about sewing
patches on trousers. He set aside his needle
and cord and put the trousers on—tomor-
row would be time enough to worry about
patches.

  Thursday Smith was a big-framed man,
burned red instead of black by the sun.
His face was covered with a reddish beard
that had a way of growing naturally into a
peak on his chin. This gave him a look
of distinction in spite of his old dungaree
trousers. His bare feet were soled with
pads of canvas that were tied across the in-
steps with bits of leather. His wrinkled

134
King of the Beachcombers

135

old pilot cap had probably once adorned
the head of some steamship mate. Before
Thursday salvaged it from the sea, the cap
had floated some thousands of miles in
the Pacific. The rusty top that had once
been white had absorbed perspiration from
Thursday’s overlong hair. But he wore
that cap with a jaunty tilt over an ear.
Just as his rough and untrimmed beard
suggested an unkempt medical man, the
battered framework of the old cap gave
Thursday an air of command.

  He carried his chin forward, and there
was something in his steady gray eyes that
was pleasantly aggressive—and mildly chal-
lenged whoever met them. It was quite
within possibility that if Thursday Smith
had chosen to do so, he might be in a posi-
tion of command. He had undoubtedly
controlled something before he had turned
beachcomber.

  On the score of what Thursday had been,
his companions had long since let their
curiosity die out—mate of a finer, or skip-
per of a schooner, they had never decided to
their own satisfaction. He had been some-
thing in ships, that was plain enough—he
had the seaman’s eye for all rigs. But he
had never taken his friends into his confi-
dence, and they had never worked them-
selves up to the bold point of asking for in-
formation.

  It is not good form to ask friends in the
South Seas who are on the beach what they
were before they came, where they hailed
from, and what they intend to do next.
When beachcombers tell of themselves of
their own accord they are generally lying.
So nobody found fault because he called
himself Thursday Smith, his name being
neither Thursday nor Smith. The Thurs-
day part of it came from his having
joined fortunes with Port Light Johnson at
Thursday Island. At that time neither of
them had any fortune, and little prospect
of having one either jointly or singly in the
future.

  Both men were chronic beachcombers.
They were most successful at the profession.
There were few islands of the South Pacific
they had not combed, and now they had
invaded Malaysia. They avoided every-
thing in the form of honest work, though
they always managed to pretend to be
making a fairly good go at trepang fishing.
And the board on which Port Light was
laying out breakfast for six persons was

fitted with eating utensils not to be expected
from beachcombers—silver egg-cups, silver
spoons, silver-topped glass saltshakers, a
silver coffee-pot, and delicate chinaware
cups with blue bands.

  All these things were marked “Kota
Baiun,” which was the name of the Dutch
hotel at Port Retzenborg, a half a mile or so
around the bend of the point of rocks in
which Port Light was doing his cooking.

  ^Thursday stood up and scanned the
smooth sea thoughtfully, as if he might find
something on its surface which would be of
vital importance. He yawned comfortably,
looked back toward the rim of jungle, and
walked down to where Port Light was boil-
ing the eggs in tin cans.

  There was a great barrier of rock that ran
out of the hills of the jungle. That barrier
shut off the sea in the direction of Port
Retzenborg, and behind the ridge of rocks
the cooking was done. It was impossible
for any one to come up the beach from the
hotel without being observed through the
holes in the rocks along the upper ridge. If
a man stood beside the rock wall, he could
just see to the warehouses and wharf of
Port Retzenborg, and make out a corner of
the front veranda.

  Behind this barrier the beachcombers
cooked and ate their meals when the
weather was dry and pleasant. With sil-
verware for their meals they did not want
anybody to drop in on them unexpectedly.
The beaches in both directions assured them
of this needed privacy—and no one could
come along the jungle trails without being
heard. So their outdoor kitchen and din-
ing-room was a flat stretch of sand with
rocks ranged around it for seats, one side
being formed by the rocky barrier which ran
down into the sea and formed a reef that
jutted out from the island.

  “Hello!” remarked Thursday, as he leaned
against the rocky ridge and looked in the
direction of the hotel. “The Palembang’s
coming in!”

PORT LIGHT was cracking an
egg with all the care to be ex-
pected in an experiment of vast
importance to scientific progress.

  “Sure, I heard her whistle a bit back,” he
remarked, blowing his fingers to cool them.

  Thursday surveyed the squatty little
steamer as she drew in for the wharf, her red
funnel visible over the top of the warehouse.
136

Adventure

   “It’s getting so a man could set his watch
by them Dutch boats,” he remarked.

  Port Light hurled the egg into the sea.
“You and your blasted worryin’ on them
Dutch boats!” he exclaimed disgustedly.
“Your job’s to buy eggs—we ain’t runnin’
no hatchery here, but a eatin’ joint!”

  “Oh, shut up about the eggs,” retorted
Thursday without turning around.

  “You’ll hear from the ‘Dude,’ if his
eggs ain’t fresh,” warned Port Light. “You
know how he is. He looks to us to see his
grub is fit to eat.”

  “Aw, he can go down to the Kota Baiun
and eat, which we can’t,” said Thursday.
“I’m getting tired of hearing what the Dude
has to have—it’s Dude this and Dude that.
I don’t want his swell airs around me. If I
hear anything out of him about the eggs I
buy, 1’U jump the gang. And you close
your trap, too. I’m as good as Dude Fen-
ton—and better than you. Belay!”

  “You better look out what you say like
that—out loud,” warned Port Light with a
nervous glance back to the jungle. “You
got style, I’ll admit, or I wouldn’t have
joined up as chum. And come to the Dude,
I ain’t so sure you couldn’t do as well as
him—or mebbe better—at the game he
plays with the swells at the Kota Baiun

Hotel, and-”

  “Dry up, Porty!” broke in Thursday.

  He was pleasant about it, but he meant
what he said. And Port Light knew orders
when he heard them. His allegiance was
more to Thursday than to Dude Fenton,
who bossed the gang. In more than one
port, where Fenton had operated and had
been suspected or known as the head of a
gang of beachcombers, he was known to the
police as “King of the Beachcombers.” He
had a way of drawing about him all the
shiftless neer-do-wells, and instructing them
in knavery.

  “Well, I’m talkin’ for your own good—
and mine, Thursday,” went on Port Light.
“Don’t git shirty. I’m for you—and if you
jump the gang, count me in. I know a good
pal when I have one.”

  “All right, all right,” said Thursday ir-
ritably. He seemed to have something on
his mind that he wanted to consider far
more than his relations with Dude Fenton or
Port Light, for there was a dreamy look in
his eyes as he watched the Palembang draw-
ing in to her dock.

   It was likely, that as he had given up more

of the good things of life than Port Light in
order to live the lazy life of a beach vaga-
bond, Thursday was lusting for respecta-
bility and companions more suited to his

tastes.

  “It’s them blasted eggs that got my foot
into it with you,” mourned Port Light pres-
ently. “I ain’t meanin’ to grouse, so if
you’ll be a bit chummy, I’ll-”

  Thursday swung round on him.

  “I’m sick of this, Porty,” he admitted
with a queer ferocity in his look and his
cautious tones. “You’re all right—but the
Dude gets on my nerves with his high and
mighty ideas. And what have I come to—
a rank beacher, mixed up with a murdering
cockney, a slick thief like the Dude, and that
slimy Phil Jones who’s only waiting his
chance to double-cross the lot of us with
the Dude when things fall their way.”

  “Yes, I’ve mistrusted Phil some time,”
admitted Port Light as he began to put the
eggs into the silver cups. He glanced over
his shoulder at the jungle again, fearsome
now.

  “But you keep your gloves on, Thursday
my boy, and don’t let ’em see the claw
you’ve got. We’ll slip our cables,you and
me, on the lot.”

  “Drop it for now,” cautioned Thursday,
glancing to the jungle himself, suddenly
wary, as if he had heard some suspicious
sound from the greenery. “The Dude may
be listening—and we’d better talk this out
when we’re sure we’re alone.”

   “Maybe it’s the nigger that’s listenin’ for
him,” whispered Port Light.

   “The nigger’s the best of the lot, outside
of ourselves,” said Thurdsay, drawing close
to the other. “The Elephant’s honest—•
he’s a vagabond and he doesn’t care who
knows it—and if I was to lose him and his
mandolin—I’d jump out quick in the first
dirty trader that’d take me foremast for my
passage.”

  He turned back to the wall of rocks and
gave his attention to the Palembang once
more.

  “Look as if she’s brought any passen-
gers?” asked Port Light in a loud tone,
signaling that he understood that the con-
versation from now on should be on safe
grounds.

  “Can’t say yet,” replied Thursday in
kind. “But the Palembang generally has
good pickings.”

  “Them eggs is done as much as they’re
King of the Beachcombers

137

goin’ to be done,” said Port Light. From
a cairn of rocks he drew out an old oiltin
which was banded round its middle with a
smear of sticky stuff to keep insects and
rock prowlers of various kinds from crawling
up the sides of the tin and getting into the
food supplies. He lifted off the canvas top
and took out rolls, a pot of jam, and a tin
of Scotch biscuits from London.

  “Coffee up—and hot!” called Port Light
to the edge of the jungle. “Come and git
it, you swells that sleep while the cook
ruins his blasted complexion in the smoke
and gits freckles on his neck! Chow—take
it or leave it! Me, I’m ready to eat!”

  “You-all don’t have to call me but one
times,” came a melodious voice from the
jungle. “Them is sweet words, Po’t Light!
Ah does love mah hen’s-aigs!”

  Thursday sat down on a convenient rock
while Port Light went for the coffee-pot.
It was standing on hot sand and the
remnants of a second fire in among the
rocks.

  “Here you are, m’lord,” said Port Light as
he poured a blue-banded cup full of the
brown liquid for Thursday. “Hotel coffee,
just as good as if you had it on the veranda
of the Kota Baiun—and cheaper. When
you’ve got the galley job next, mind what
I’m tellin’ you of, and let the coffee be made
first and then stand on hot ashes—separate
fire, I make, from the eggs. The fire that
boils the eggs’s too hot for the coffee, and
the eggs do better cooked last on a quick
fire.”

  “You’re a nifty steward’s department,”
complimented Thursday as he sipped the
coffee with appreciation. “That’s the real
stuff, Port Light! I’ll never be able to make
coffee as well as you do, extra fire or no.”

  Port Light chuckled and grinned, glad for
the compliment. Thursday’s sharpness had
worried him. “Stick to me, Thursday me
boy, and I’ll put fat on your ribs. Anybody
can make good coffee with the storeroom of
the Kota Baiun to draw it from—it’s rich
stuff, I’ll say the word.”

  “Better give that lot of loafers another
call,” suggested Thursday, as he reached to
the board for his silver egg-cup and a spoon.
“They’ll give an awful growl if they find
their grub cold,” and he winked at Port
Light.

  “Rise and shine, mates!” called Port
Light loudly to the jungle. “If you don’t
lay for’ard and put on the old feedbag,

you’ll find your coffee cold and the cook

cross!”

  “There’s something afoot in that little

party,” whispered Thursday. “You watch
my words—there’s crooked work among
’em, and that’s why they hang back on us.
I’ll bet the Dude is lining up the three with
him to skip out and leave us flat on our own.
Maybe it’s the Palembang they intend to
give us the pier-head j ump in. I know—the
Dude’s been waiting for something to hap-
pen that’ll give him his chance to leave us
in the lurch.”

  “Mebbe we’d do better to go it alone,”
whispered Port Light in assent. “Lay off—
here comes the Dude!”

  There was a rustling sound from the
near-by jungle. Then subdued voices.
Something twanged musically, and was fol-
lowed by a mellow good-natured laugh.

  A tall white man broke through the wall-
like edge of the jungle and stepped out on
the sand. He was Dude Fenton, leader of
the gang.

H

FENTON walked straight across
the sand, carrying a small black
box in his hand. He was fairly
well dressed in comparison with
Thursday and Port Light, having on a
suit of old white clothes, complete, though
frayed at the edges, stained and dirty.

  He had on a white shirt and old low shoes.
His garments proclaimed him as a man
lacking funds, and apparently without any
regular means of making a suitable living.

  But one thing marked Fenton apart from
the two men at breakfast—his hair was
neatly cut. In every other detail he might
easily be taken for a man who spent his time
loafing with these others who wore long
hair and untrimmed beards and seemed to
be in the hopeless poverty of unashamed
vagabonds.

  He was naturally a fastidious man. From
that fact had sprung his nickname of
“Dude.” For in spite of a three-day black
beard on his cheeks, he looked neat and
clean so far as his person was concerned—
clean hands, white teeth, and a face well-
rounded and free of deep lines which
always mark the beachcomber who lives
from hand to mouth on improper food. In
fact, it was a jaunty figure which emerged
from the jungle into the sunlight of that
tropical morning.
138

Adventure

  Fenton was a young man—probably not
more than thirty. His eyes were brown and
soft, lacking in the hardness to be expected
in a man who managed to live by keen wits
and slippery fingers.

   But there was a shrewdness in his look,
for all his outward softness—a gentle bland-
ness that considered and measured every
fact behind eyes which were filled with
lazy indifference to everything about him.
Dressed in good clothes, Dude Fenton could
have passed anywhere as a spoiled son of
wealthy parents who regarded the world and
its work-a-day people with light contempt.

   He wore no hat. But his cheeks were not
sun-seared like Port Light and Thursday,
who were literally burned. The Dude
merely had that deep tan which is acquired
by the white man who is accustomed to the
tropics.

  He strode across the flat sand which
floored the inclosed space where the others
were sitting at their breakfast. He gave
them a nod, remarking—

   “Coffee smells good, Port Light.”

  He passed on to the barrier of rocks,
where he put down his black box and stared
over the beach in the direction of the hotel.

  “Palembang’s in on time,” suggested
Thursday.

   “So I see,” said the Dude, studying the
distant vista. “And passengers coming
ashore. Good!”

  The others stood up and ranged beside
him. He moved away from them, pre-
tending to seek a better vantage point. It
was a little way he had, this always keeping
out of reach of any grouping of his com-
panions.

  “Two—four—and that man in the lead—
five, I’d say,” said Thursday.

  “I’ve counted nine walking up to the
Kota Baiun,” said Fenton. “It looks as if
we’ll have rich pickings this trip.”

  “All in white—with sun-helmets,” went
on Thursday. “That looks as if they’re not
ordinary trippers—but planters and traders.”
Fenton grinned.

  “That’s what we want—planters and
traders. I’d say they intend to wait over
three days to catch the down steamer for
.Balik Papan.”

“That’s fat for us,” said Port Light.
“Yes. It means they’ll have plenty of
cash,” agreed Fenton. “A shift of ships
here always means good business for us.
We certainly picked a good place when we

decided to stay on here—nothing better for
what we want than a small port where

traders shift boats.

  “The tourist crowd comes ashore and
leaves the bulk of their cash aboard the
steamer in the purser’s safe, go back aboard
at sailing time, and I’m lucky if I get a
watch or two. And little good we get out of
watches and jewelry.”

  As they stood watching the passengers
walk up to the Kota Baiun, three other
figures came from the jungle, walking lei-
surely, and talking quietly together.

  “Toady Harry” was the one a little in the
lead—a short and burly figure. He was
thick-set of body but not fleshy in the sense
of being fat. Rather, his shoulders were
heavy and his short legs, revealed by his
attenuated trousers, were round.

  On closer inspection his trousers were not
trousers at all, but pongee silk pajamas
belted with a strip of the same material, the
bottoms being hacked off. He wore one
white shoe and one brown one, both lacking
strings, only the top eyelets having a thong
tied across them over the insteps.

  His bare freckled arms were strongly
muscled, and adorned with tattooed figures
of ships, flags, snakes, butterflies—all done
with the gorgeous coloring and delicate lines
which betray the skilled work of Japanese.

  The cotton undershirt which lay open in
front for lack of buttons, revealed more
colored patterns, some of which disappeared
along the round of his body under his arms.
His hairy chest was a veritable bulwark of
flesh and bone, bulging out like the breast of
a pouter pigeon.

  Toady’s head was round, and set low on
his shoulders by a short neck. His hair
was long and down about his ears, while a
fringe of black beard covered his jaws. A
tooth was missing in front. His ears were
overlarge, and the flesh of them lay in queer
bunches, as if they were still in the process
of growing and had not yet fallen into their
ultimate shapes.

  His black eyes had a humorous squint.
He carried a bamboo pole, a little longer
than necessary for a cane. But it was plain
that he did not need this staff for support,
for he strode along with light feet, prodding
the sand with the pole.

  The next was Phil Jones. He was long
and gangling, walking with loose joints and
a suggestion of daintiness, which was not
the result of any desire to walk affectedly,
King of the Beachcombers

139

but was due to the fact that he wore heel-
less slippers of faded red velvet. As the
sand had a way of getting into the toes of
the slippers, he picked up his feet in a pecu-
liar manner to avoid the sharp particles
which otherwise would chafe his soles.

  Phil’s trousers were strangely new, being
of a light seersucker material of light gray.
He wore a waistcoat of checked material,
dirty and lacking half its buttons and a
tailless steward’s jacket of blue goods, un-
buttoned with brass buttons down the
front. These buttons he apparently kept
bright by polishing, for they gave him a
strangely smart appearance.

  He might easily be taken for a ship’s
steward who had rambled away from the
docks for a look round ashore, and had
found the vessel gone when he returned.
This idea was strengthened by his white
canvas sailor’s cap, with brim turned up all
around. It was cleanly white, having been
washed countless times in salt water and
allowed to dry in strong sunlight.

  Phil’s face was thin, and of sallow color.
There was a look of sadness in his gray eyes,
as if he mourned over some secret wo.
His hair was sandy, and though he was not
shaven, his beard had little body to it, con-
sisting of a few light and straggling hairs on
his jaw and upper lip as if the soil in which
they grew was too weak to produce hair of
virility.

  He was a man who enjoyed bodily ease,
but his natural laziness was counterbalanced
by a nimble and devious brain. He knew
how to plan things that required subtlety
and caution. Though the others were not
aware of it, Phil Jones and Fenton were in
secret alliance. It was Phil who kept Fen-
ton informed of how the others might be
handled to best advantage, and how they
were inclined to regard him and his project
while he was out of their company.

  The last of the trio was a big and soft
black man, who walked like an animated
jelly roll, his shoulders threatening to ooze
out of his coat through the seams.

  It was a dungaree “jumper” that betrayed
engine-room antecedents, being oily about
the side pockets, in which some former
wearer had kept a supply of wiping-waste.
It was a tremendous garment, washed clean
except for the oil stains. It flopped loosely
about the mountainous bulk of body which
gave to the black man his sobriquet of
“Elephant Joe.”

  Below the jacket he wore a pair of loose
and voluminous trousers made from that
rough and porous material known as
crash. The trousers were a surprisingly
good fit, and the mystery of the excellent
tailoring for a man beyond all reason in
size was due to the fact that Elephant Joe
had made the trousers himself. When it
was known that the toweling used in the
kitchen of the Kota Baiun Hotel was of the.
same crash, the source of Elephant Joe’s
cloth was no longer a mystery. Sea boots
with the tops cut off protected his elephan-
tine feet.

  His big woolly head was round and shining
with cocoanut oil used as a pomade on
the hair. His thick neck was scarred with
whitish slashes where knives or razors had
found their marks in previous years—scarred
he was, like an ancient whale harpooned
many times, but with the iron never driven
deep enough to hold the harpooner’s line.

  His face was round and soft, nose flat and
vibrant, and his lips thick and cut on lines of
good nature—made for smiling, and mostly
always set in a half-grin, as if he had just
heard of something which amused him and
in time would laugh heartily when he could
give proper thought to the matter.

  In his right hand he carried a small and
delicate mandolin, fretted with strips of
ivory along its neck. The left hand had
been mutilated—trimmed down to stubs of
fingers with a sharp instrument so that the
first finger was the shortest of all, and the
little one the longest. Thus the hand had
the aspect of some triangular tool devised
for delving in soft material. He had cut
the fingers away himself, when his hand was
trapped in a hatch of a sinking ship.

  “Wow!” called Elephant Joe as he drew
near the board, “Just smell that cawfee!
And hen’s aigs! We suttinly is livin’ rich
and slipp’ey, white men!”

         THE three looking in the direc-
tion of the hotel turned back and
sat down to resume the meal, hail-
ing the newcomers with nods of
salutation.

  Phil Jones scanned the board with the
egg-cups and the coffee-pot with sad eyes.
He was the last to take a seat, and stood
staring at the breakfast awaiting him.

  “What’s wrong with the chow, matey?”
asked Port Light. “Don’t it suit?”

  “So you’re at it again,” remarked Phil.
140

Adventure

  “What’s wrong?” demanded Port Light,
squinting his good eye, always a sign of
belligerency. “If you don’t like what I’ve
got, kick out of your bunk early and cook
yourself.”

  “The cooking’s all right,” said Phil. “But
I tell you again—this handing out the grub
with the swanky hotel silver, is dangerous
to the lot of us. We’ll be caught with it,
and then we’re done for good and plenty.”
Fenton nodded up at him.

  “Maybe you’re right, Phil,” he admitted.
“I’ve felt the same way about it, but I don’t
like to be at ’em all the time to be careful.”
His agreement with Phil had been ar-
ranged between them, for Fenton was care-
ful to avoid an excess of giving orders, so
that when he had to handle the gang for
some serious thing, they gave heed to him.
So he had primed Phil to make it appear
that the objection to using the silver came
from Phil himself, when as a matter of fact
it was Fenton who feared they might be
trapped by being caught with stolen goods.

  “Aw, no danger,” said Port Light easily.
“Who’s to see the silver? We can hear any-
body cornin’ along the beach by the crunch
of sand under foot, and the same with the
jungle on dry leaves—and as for boats, who
can come near. Me—I likes a little swank
with my meals.”

  “You luxury loving son of a sea cook,”
laughed the Dude. “But Phil is right just
the same.”

  “Tyke no chawnces, that’s my motter,”
said Toady Harry.

  “Aw, what’s the row, Dude?” asked Port
Light with a glance to Thursday. “Takes
only a few minutes to eat, and I’ve the hole
ready in the rocks to dump the silver if
there’s danger—and cover it over with sand.
What’s the good of usin’ old tins to eat,
when we’ve got this silver.”

  “Melt the bloomin’ stuff, that’s what I
says,” remarked Toady, as he sat down in
the sand near the board with its row of cups
and coffee. “It’s as Phil ’ere says—too
much risk swankin’ it with the plyte. No
chawnce, I says again, for the lot of us. I
wants no bloomin’ jyle.”

  Elephant Joe lay down on his back along-
side Toady and rested the mandolin across
his middle. “Ah has mah say to say,” he
suggested, talking to the pearl-colored sky.
“And this is it: White men, ah eats last—
and I’m hongry. Let loose with the grub—
ah craves mah aigs.”

  Phil sat down and helped himself.

  “You said a mouthful, Elephant,” agreed
Thursday. “If there was less talk and
more eating, there’d be less danger at hav-
ing the silver seen.”

  Elephant Joe, when all the others were
eating, roused himself and took an egg-cup
and his coffee. “Ah knows mah place, and
Ah keeps it,” he remarked to the company.
“Ah’m independent, because Ah don’t have
to be waited on. Ah takes mah turn on the
kitchen job, but nobody waits on me no
time. Ah knows Old Man Trouble by the
sounds of his feet, and this boy knows no
good comes from havin’ a white man wait
on him—it suttinly strains me if Ah can’t
he’p mahself.”

  He gurgled with laughter over his joke,
and gulped his coffee appreciatively.

  His hasty breakfast finished, Fenton got
to his feet and returned to the little black
box he had left on the rocks. He opened
it, took out a gold-plated safety razor, bor-
rowed a little warm water for his brush, and
lathered himself with a stick of soap, using
a little mirror in the top of the box.

  “I’d take a whirl at that razor myself,
if I thought it was good sense,” said Phil
Jones.

  Toady Harry laughed scornfully. “You
leave the shyvin’ to Dude. The rest of us
keeps rough-lookin’. Tyke no chawnces,
that’s my motter.”

  “You is the cookin’est man Ah ever did
meet up with!” declared Elephant Joe to
Port Light. “Them aigs! Po’t Light,
what you-all needs to be doin’-of is runnin’
a ho-tel!”

  “Listen to the retired chef,” said Port
Light, grinning. “I see through you—
that crack’s to keep me wantin’ to have the
cook-trick right along every day.”

  The black gurgled with the laughter
which flowed so easily from him. “Don’t
you call me no chef—only on my cook-trick
in this ’ere place does I look at grub and a
fiah. Mah cheffin’ days is over.”

  “No fruit with this breakfast,” grumbled
Phil Jones. “If I’d known you didn’t in-
tend to raid the Chinaman’s mango trees
this morning, Port Light, I’d have made the
trip myself last night.”

  “ ’Ark at the toff!” jeered Toady Harry.
“ ’Is tucker ain’t good enough for ’im—needs
fruit, ’e does, like a blinkin’ first clawss
pawssenger. Me! I ’opes as ’ow I don’t
see no more fruit in a month!”
King of the Beachcombers

I4I

  “You drink too much trade gin, that’s
why you can’t eat fruit,” retorted Phil.

  “Drop the arguments,” advised Dude
Fenton. “You’ll need your wits for some-
thing else before the day’s over. I don’t
want to start out on this job and leave a row
behind me—eat, drink and be thankful, and
take your ease. Things are going to change
for us. If I don’t miss my guess, I’ve a
feeling that we’ll make a mop-up out of this
last trip of the Palembang. Her passengers
look as if they might be plentifully supplied
with cash.”

  “ ’Ear, ’ear!” remarked Toady Harry, but
without enthusiasm.

  Port Light threw out a hand to seaward,
and leaped to his feet. “Sail ho!” he cried.
“A schooner—hull down—and heading for
Port Retzenborg, or I’m a tailor!”

  They all stood up for a better view of the
strange sail on the glittering horizon.

X>C'x'b “HO, YOU blighter!” cried Toady
Harry in delight as he studied the
sails of the schooner. “I know
that beggar—I’d know her forty
mile aw’yl”

  “You big bluff!” said Port Light. “Know
that schooner? How could you know a ves-
sel that-—?”

  “Mind wot I’m tellin’ you of,” persisted
Toady. “I knows that packet when she
was blackbirdin’ some four year back.
Blinkin’ Sydneyman, ’er!”

  “My aunt!” spurned Port Light. “You
know every ship that crosses hereabouts!
Toady, you know too much! Don’t pull
that stuff on us—we ain’t a lot of lands-
men.”

  “And so I do know most of ’em that
passes ’ereabouts,” insisted Toady. “That
there, she’s the—the—wot’s ’er nyme?—
Untong, that’s it! Out o’ Sydney! Just
mind that! Oh, for a sight o’ Sydney
’Eads!”

  “So you want to jump the gang, eh, and
go back to Sydney?” asked Fenton, as he
turned to Toady with a scornful look that
was made more withering by the fact that
his voice was low as he charged the cockney
with a desire to break away from his life of
ease.

  “Wot of it?” asked Toady. “Ain’t I got
a blinkin’ right to go where and when I
likes? Am I a blinkin’ slyve? Not me,
Dude. You’re an American—I ’as my
rights, and you mind wot you’re a sayin’ of.

One king is enough for me—don’t throw no
royal blood in my fyce!”

  The cockney was ready for fight, and
cared not at all who might know it.

  “You can go where you like,” said Fenton
coldly. “Only when you want to go, say so.
Don’t pretend you want to go, and make
everybody else homesick and down in the
mouth. Shut up or get out!”

  “Look ’ere!” shot back Toady. “I can
git out, Dude! I’m a blinkin’ wet blanket
on this lot. I’ll tyke my split o’ the swag
and ’op it! Come night, I’ll be abord that
Sydney packet as you sees cornin’ in, and
ready to syle aw’y in’er.”

  This was more than the Dude had bar-
gained for. It was the first time he had
failed to bluff down any insubordination.
Toady Harry was too valuable a man to
have in reserve—too handy with a knife—
to let him go. Besides, there was danger in
any attempt he might make to go alone.

  His share of the loot that had been col-
lected at Port Retzenborg consisted, in
addition to cash, to sundry watches, rings,
and silverware lifted from the Kota Baiun
Hotel. And Toady might be caught with
the loot on him before the schooner got
away. A few drinks of gin and Toady
might well bring ruin to Fenton and the
others.

  Five pairs of eyes turned upon Toady.
Fenton saw that he must change his tactics.

  “You listen to me, Toady,” began Fenton
in deadly earnest. “Don’t go off your head
at sight of a dirty schooner. We’ll all see
Sydney again. And when we do, we’ll be
well fixed. One good cash haul is all I want,
and then we’ve got something to work with.
Plenty of cash! That’s the ticket. You
can’t take a sea-bag full of jewelry into Syd-
ney and sell it without being caught. You
may be caught with it before this schooner
sails with you from Port Retzenborg. Now
have some sense—and leave things to me.”
“Dude is right,” said Phil Jones quietly.
“We can’t go to splitting up now. Let him
make a good cash haul, as he says.”

  “Go a’ead and make your ’aul,” said
Toady. “Only don’t myke me feel like a
crimson slyve.”

  Fenton picked up the box with his
shaving gear and gave Phil Jones a signifi-
cant look. He waved a hand at the silver
egg-cups and other dishes on the board.

  “Put all this stuff away,” he ordered.
“Bury it in the sand again, Port Light.
142

Adventure '

And get out the tin cans for cooking, so it’ll
look around here as if we barely kept our-
selves alive. Break a few coconuts and
mess the place up a little, as if you’d just
made a meal on the pickings of the palm-
grove down below. It may suit my pur-
poses to bring some of the passengers from
the Palembang up the beach to see some
real wild beachcombers. And if I do get
one, and he’s plenty of cash—” He
shrugged his shoulders and jerked his thumb
at Toady. “Give him the knife—we can’t
spend the rest of our lives here, waiting to
pick up cash out of a drunken tourist’s
pockets at the hotel.” '

  “I’d say that lot off the Palembang are
all traders or planters—and they’ll hate the
sight of beachcombers.” said Thursday.

  “There might be a tourist in the lot—a
regular griffin who wants to see beachcomb-
ers, and all that,” said Fenton. “Now be-
have yourselves. Elephant, you give this
sentimental crowd a song or two to lift
their spirits. And Port Light—hand round
the best cigarets and see if a little more
luxury’ll make the boys satisfied.”

  He strode away from them back for the
jungle, and Elephant picked up his mando-
lin. He laid his maimed hand caressingly
over the strings, snapped a bit of ivory out
from under the bridge and, with a few pre-
liminary notes, turned loose with a witch-
ing strumming. He laid back on the sand
and opened his great mouth, drew in the
morning air with a gulp that sounded like a
grampus that has come up to breathe, and
began, lullingly low:

   “Ah’m goin’ home, some old day, oh, ba-a-aby!

  Ah’m a-goin’ home!”

  The refrain was in a minor key that was
barely audible, and suggested a nurse sing-
ing gently to a child about to go to sleep.

  “You goin’ to sing that?” demanded
Toady angrily. “Blawst you and your blink-
in’ ’ome! You fair gives me the creeps!”

  “You shut up!” snapped Phil Jones, as
the mandolin wept out its soul on the re-
frain and died away in the prattle of the
surf through the holes in the coral reef.

  “Yes, let him sing, Toady,” said Port
Light.

   “Same boat brought me ’ere’ll bring me back!

   Oh, ho-o-o-ny!”

chanted Elephant Joe, with a new burst of
melody from the strings of the mandolin and

a liquid crooning of music from those great
gross lips. The refrain was a ?ob, softened
and made beautiful by the vaguest of music
from the strings. Toady turned his face
away from the others, his eyes leaking tears.

         “Pa said to go, Ma said to stay,

         Ah’ll have a dollar some old day,

         Blowed lak she never blowed befo’,

         Oh, ba-a-a-by!”

  Once more the music of the mandolin died
away in melody that suggested the strum-
ming of the celestial spheres against a
breeze from heaven.

   “Yo’ll shorely wait till Ah gits home,

  To feed you on a big ham-bone, oh, ba-a-aby.”

  The big black cast the mandolin aside.
The vibrations of its strings seemed to
linger in the air, and still to echo through
the sea-holes which countless tides had
cut through the reef. The beating of the
gentle swells seemed to have drawn the
sic to themselves, and “Oh, ba-a-a-by!” in
tones as soft and vague as one might hear
in a seashell that had captured some fairy
music, seemed to come lapping back with
the slap and sigh of the water. Elephant
Joe had performed the miracle of imparting
the time and melody of his tune to the very
sea itself.

“I CALLS it brutal, that’s wot!”
gasped Toady Harry as he stood
up. He, walked off toward the
beach, shaking his head sadly.

  “Where are you going?” demanded Phil
Jones.

  “None o’ your blinkin’ business!” retorted
Toady without looking back. “But if you
wants to know, that music has spoiled my
breakfast.”

  “What’s the matter with the singin’ ?”
demanded Port Light. “Me, I calls it
good.”

  “Too blawsted good, that’s wot,” said
Toady, as he swung back toward them. “I
says as ’ow Elephant Joe shouldn’t go and
fair break our ’earts with the likes o’ that.

I	’ad a ’ome once, and this is all very well for
as far as it goes, wot with livin’ easy. But
some d’y I wants to go back where a man
can live civilized.” He waved a hand at the
sun, and blinked moistly at the sand under
his feet.

  “You all craves hard work, Mr. Man,”
remarked Elephant Joe, to the sky. “Fo’
King of the Beachcombers

143

   . every year is a minute and Ah never did
such easy times. O’ny thing strains
Ah can’t live lak this fo’ ten thousand
^ars.”

   “Oh, it’s right enough, this cushy life,”
admitted Toady. “Only that music of
yours makes me fair sick for a music ’all and
the lights o’ London.”

   “This beach is good enough for me,” said
Port Light, as he drew a tin box from the
cairn of rocks and opened it, to lay out ciga-
rets in a small and fancy-labeled packet.

   “Aw, I’d swap fifty mile o’ this crimson
sun-blawsted beach for a sight o’ Sydney
’Eads!” mourned Toady.

  “Sydney Heads—and hard work, man!”
chanted Elephant.

  “You and your bloomin’ tunes abawt
’ome!” sneered Toady. “It’s you thet sat
me off to git a nippin’ o’ Dude’s tongue,
singin’ that song of ’ome! I awsks you, wot

the crimson-would you do if you did

git back ’ome? All very well to sing it—•
but you’d be a bloomin’ navvy with a
shovel, or a cook in a blinkin’ restaurant-car,
that’s wot.”

  “Ah could earn mah food and sleepin’-
kit,” declared Elephant easily.

   Toady Harry took the reply as an affront.
“And so can I, you big black! I’m no
curtail-dog—I’ve done my honest d’y’s
work, and I wants more than food to be
’appy. All very well for a kedge-belly to sit
’ere and chow and loaf—but what’s the
good of it?”

  “Do you-all means that remark as pus-
sonal at me?” demanded Elephant, as he
sat up slowly and frowned in puzzlement at
Toady. “What you-all means by kedge-
belly. It don’t sound polite to me.”

  “Not as I means to offend you, Ele-
phant,” soothed Toady. “Not me, I never
picks on a man for his color—but wot’s
the good o’ you pantin’ and weepin’ songs
on this blinkin’ beach abawt goin’ ’ome—-
and then when I wants to go, sayin’ as ’ow
Is looks for ’ard work. You looks for it
yinirself, or you wouldn’t be a-singin’ of
’ome the whole bleedin’ time! Makes me
fair sHck for a wet pavement and the sight
of a bowby and the lights o’ a pub through a
stinkin’ Wig!”

  “Best imported Egyptians!” said Port
Light, as nte handed round the cigarets.
“These come, from the portmanty of some
swell at the Kfcpta Baiun. Who’s to make a
row about the way we lives, eh, mates?”

  “Ah stays ’ere till the world comes to an
endin’,” said Elephant Joe as he scratched
a match on the sole of his short boot.

  “There ’ere ain’t no fair cigarets for a
man to be a-smokin’ of,” grumbled Toady
Harry as he lit a cigaret and then looked at
it with critical eye and an upturned nose.
“Smells like a bloomin’ lady-maid’s ’air, or
a shavin’ parlor I knows of in St. Kitts,
back afore the war.”

  Then, as if his remembrance of the old
St. Kitts had started a new line of thought
with him, he went on:

  “Them’s the chaps as knows ’ow to myke
rum. I knowed a chap once as went to St.
Kitts—’e used to come down our ’ouse in
Bermon’sey to ’ear our Johnnie play the
flute—and-”

  “Aw, give us another tune, Elephant,”
said Port Light.

  Elephant Joe reached for his mandolin.

  “Chuck it, Joe!” begged Toady. “No
more—not now! When the moon’s up, it’s
all right—when I can cry in the dark—but
in this mornin’ sun singin’s fair indecent.”

  And Elephant Joe laid down his mandolin
once more, willing to attempt to please the
irritable cockney. Phil Jones strayed away
to the jungle.

IV

       FENTON was sitting in the
       doorway of the little nipa shack
       which the gang occupied, when
       Phil Jones entered the clearing.

  “What did they have to say when I left,
Phil?”

  Phil shook his head in disgust.

  “Nothing special—just the same old beef
of Toady Harry—he’s sick of things, and
restless.”

  Fenton rubbed his freshly shaven chin.

  “The Toad’s getting hard to handle,
that’s plain—and he’ll set all the others by
the ears. I’ve a mind to let him take his
split-up and get rid of him.”

  Phil sat down beside his chief.

  “No knowing when he’ll break loose, go
down to some Chink gin-shop in the port
and go swapping watches for a skinful of
gin. That’ll put the fat in the fire for us,
sure.”

  “Yes, the Toad’s about ready for another
of his sprees, when he gets irritable. That’s
the danger with him. About five shots of
trade gin and he wants to tell the world how
144

Adventure

rich he is—in stuff I’ve lifted out of the hotel.
Nice mess he’s likely to get us all in.”

  “Got any plans? asked Phil quietly.
“Nothing special—unless you and I» get
out in the Palembang and chuck the crowd.
We could do it—we’ve got plenty of cash
between us.”

  “I’ve been thinking of giving ’em the
jump, myself,” said Phil. “Just you and
me alone from now on. Toady is dangerous
—and he’ll get the others restless and
they’ll break loose on a big drunk in the
Port. They have it. too easy—they can’t
stand prosperity.”

  “No, they don’t appreciate our doing all
the thinking for ’em—and take all the risk.
It looks easy to ’em when I come back with
a haul of stuff.”

  “Of, course,” said Phil, “we don’t need
’em as long as things run along with us as
they have. We’re just holding ’em until
we need ’em for some gang job. If some-
thing turns up that’s big, and we need help
to swing it, they’ll all come in handy. It’s
play along for some big game, or jump out
on ’em.”

  Fenton got to his feet.

  “I’ll go on down to the Port and look this
Palembang crowd over. If they seem to
have anything in the way of pickings, I’ll
get what I can—but only cash. It’s no use
taking watches and rings to be cashed in
the future. It’s all that kind of stuff that
makes Toady restless. He wants to get to
Sydney and turn his watches and rings into
cash. I wish I’d never lifted a piece of
jewelry, but I felt it kept ’em satisfied to
know they were accumulating a pile of stuff.
They promised not to dispose of any of it
here, but they’re not keeping that promise.

  “Toady has been sneaking into town and
selling some of his stuff—I know it. He’s
got a couple of quarts of gin staked out in
the brush, and in the morning he always has
a head on him—and a sour on the world.
I’m on dangerous ground in the Port—I
know that—so I’ve got to see to finishing
things as soon as possible. I’ll know by
night, so meet me at the usual place, and
I’ll let you know how the land lies. I’m in
favor of a jump out, if things look right.”
“Then I’m with you,” declared Phil.
“Whatever you decide, I’ll play in.”

  Fenton waved a hand of caution, and
turned toward the narrow jungle trail
which led into the hills for the main road
to Port Retzenborg.

  “Don’t let ’em suspect there’s anything
cooking up,” he warned.

  Phil nodded. They listened for a minute
to the sounds of argument from the direc-
tion of the beach.

  Toady’s voice, uplifted in a disgruntled
wail, came through the barrier of brush.

  “Wot I wants to do is be ’ome in time for
Chris’mas and see a bloomin’ pantomime!”

  “Blast that Toady!” murmured Phil
Jones, and turned to go back to the beach.

  “Don’t find any fault with ’em, no matter
what they say,” advised Fenton. “We’ll
want to give ’em the slip quick and easy.”

  With this last caution he pushed into the
trail and started for the Port.

  Working his way slowly to higher ground,
in half an hour he had reached the edge of
a deep cut which was blasted out of the
rocks athwart the hill he was climbing.
It was part of the road from the inland
plantations.

  It was ten feet or more to the hard rock
bed of the road below. Fenton stood in th>
brush at the top of the cut and scanned the
road in both directions. Then, sure no one
was approaching from either direction, he
pushed back into the jungle again and
wormed through a tunnel-like passage
formed by tying back the brush with
rattans.

  This secret passage was made without
the necessity of cutting the vines and
branches and leaving dead brush about to
mark the trail. Fenton could not stand
erect as he progressed from hole to hole
through the leaves.

  Fifty feet from the real trail he came to a
lean-to of thatch that was not more than
four feet above the ground and covered
with green vines that had been drawn over
it to conceal the brown, dead fronds of the
thatch. It was a rain shelter of nipa and
other palms bound to short bamboo poles
supported by the branches of trees.

FENTON crawled under the
shelter. In the gloom, he lifted
from a box a piece of oiled ,gaid
dirty tarpaulin. The box had a
tin gable roof made from cans—like the
roof of a dog-house. He lifted this roof
upward and put it aside, taking care not
to get rust from the tin on his fingers.

  From the box he took a gigantic and spot-
less white sun-helmet, bound found with a
green silk pugri. Next came a perfectly
King of the Beachcombers

145

pressed and clean white coat and trousers.
Silk underwear came next, with a white
shirt of silk and a cravat of dull red round
the loose cloth collar.

  He got out of his old garments and dressed
himself in the silks and whites. New white
silk socks, a pair of spotless white buckskin
shoes, and a crimson cummerbund which he
wrapped about his middle over the belt of
his trousers. Then he fumbled in the box
until he found a gold watch with a black
ribbon fob-charm.

  A roll of banknotes and some silver
coins went into his pockets. His discarded
clothes were packed in the box, the cover
and tarpaulin replaced and he stepped out
into a hole in the jungle and put on his sun-
helmet.

  A beachcomber went under the shelter—
and from it came a young man dressed like
a millionaire planter.

  Dude Fenton was ready to descend upon
the Kota Baiun Hotel, and mingle on
equal footing with the best of the passengers
from the steamer Palembang.

  He could fit in any gathering of prosper-
ous business men of the tropics—and not
one would suspect that this well-groomed
chap spent the most of his time hidden away
in a jungle shack with common sailors who
had turned beachcombers. As .for being a
professional thief—who could entertain
such an idea about the affable and success-
ful looking Mr. Fenton?

  Carefully he made his way back to the
main trail, taking precautions against get-
ting his clean shoes soiled on the rotten
wood underfoot and in the moist Soil. The
barbs of the lawyer vines reached out for
him and sought to tear his garments.

  At the edge of the cliff he again surveyed
the road. It was deserted. He plucked a
few flowers from a blooming vine so as to
have a reason for being off the road in case
he was seen climbing down.

  From a crevice in the rocks he took a
malacca cane and jumped to the hard
surface of the cut. Lighting an Egyptian
cigaret, he began to walk briskly in the
direction of the Kota Baiun.

  He sauntered into the flats of a great
pa^cn grove on the near side of the hotel.
Wi th his sun-helmet on the back of his head
a^-il the pugri falling over his shoulders, he
w'andered about aimlessly so that from the
ftntel it would appear that he was simply

tajLing an idle after-breakfast stroll in from

   10

a plantation to see the steamer crowd.
Steamer day was always something of an
event at Port Retzenborg.

  At the hotel he always posed as a guest
or an employee of some vague plantation
back in the hills. For more than six
months he had successfully carried out the
imposture that he was a machinery agent
making surveys for new equipment on
various plantations.

  This plan made it possible for him to al-
ways be about to leave the island, and when
he failed * to go, to explain that another
plantation had asked him to remain and
study their equipment needs.

  As he was always well-dressed, quiet
and apparently had plenty of money, no
one questioned him closely. There was no
reason to probe into his pretended business.
He only appeared when there were strangers
waiting for another steamer, and then dis-
appeared again up the road toward the
plantations.

  On these occasions when travelers were
staying over for another steamer, Fenton
always found an excuse for Biking a room
at the hotel—it was raining, or about to
rain, or he had found an old friend among
the new arrivals. Thus he made reason for
staying over a few nights. And he always
took one of the most expensive rooms,
ate his meals in it, except the regular rice-
table in the evening, and loafed about on
the verandas or in the bar. He knew best
how to insinuate himself into acquaintance
with strangers.

  Fenton was really a likable chap—or
could manage to appear likable. He
knew how to mix with persons of wealth,
and was capable of talking intelligently
on the usual subjects of tourists or traders
or planters. He was an adroitly unobtru-
sive person, and as the managers of the
hotel were mostly Dutch and the servants
natives, there was little chance that the
truth about his secret life with the beach-
combers would come out.

  He was always careful to put his valu-
ables in the hotel safe over night—and get
a receipt for them. Not all travelers took
that precaution for, while he used the safe
himself, he kept the fact to himself.

  Now and then, of course, there were
thefts from the rooms—diamond pins,
watches, or purses or money belts with
considerable sums. Even Fenton had lost
some of his things—generally at the same
146	Adventure

time that others reported losses from their
effects. And now and then Fenton was at
the hotel for a few days arid nothing was
reported missing—taken altogether, Dude
Fenton knew his business.

  Sometimes baggage was rifled of valuable
articles after it was packed ready for the
departing steamer. In such cases the theft
was discovered too late for the managers
of the hotel to hear of it—or the loss was
laid to some pilfering steward after the
sailing of the steamer. Fenton’s methods
had been developed into a system that was
most efficient.

  By the time Fenton drew close to the
hotel veranda, the schooner which had
been sighted earlier in the morning was
mooring in the bay. Her dingey was al-
ready at the little boat landing near the
godowns, proving that her skipper was
ashore. Fenton noted idly that the name
on her bowplates was Untong. He knew it
to be the Malay word for good fortune.

  “By George!” he told himself. “Toady
Harry did know her, after all! Now he’ll
have something to crow about!”

  The steamer Palembang was alongside
her wharf, cargo coming out of one hatch
to the dock, and going in from the dock to
another. She was in a hurry to get away,
and swarming with native workers and
sailors. Bags of coal were going through
her side-ports, for she bunkered at the
island, the bunkers being owned by the
same Dutch company which owned steamer,
hotel, godowns, and some of the plantations.

  On the veranda on the side from which
Fenton was approaching the Kota Baiun,
he could see white-clad men at the tables
inside the veranda rail, at breakfast. These,
he knew, would be the passengers from the
Palembang.

  What pleased him most was the pile of
luggage in front of the hotel, surrounded by
a swarm of Javanese and Kfing servants, all
arguing about who should have the handling
of the various pieces to the rooms engaged.

  The head porter was reading off room-
numbers from slips of paper sent out from
the office after rooms were assigned to
the guests. This plenitude of baggage told
Fenton that the travelers were really leav-
ing the Palembang, and would not sail away
with her in a couple of hours.

  “Rich pickings, there!” he told himself,
and moved toward the coral path leading
to the carefully barbered garden which sur-

  rounded the hotel. He fingered awhile to
admire the flowers. It was a pretty spot in
which the hotel was set. The tropical
shrubs were cared for with the usual Dutch
exactitude.

  Paw-paw trees grew close to the verandas,
shrouding them from the sun along the
eaves. Here and there a tall palm lifted
its mop-head a hundred feet or more into
the blue sky, to throw a round blob of
shadow on the lawns.

   The low railings of the veranda were over-
grown with blooming vines, which at the
pillars ran up to the second story, and then
spread out in a luxurious riot of blossoms
on the red-tiled roof.

  A bamboo framework cut the roof up into
checker-board squares, and this framework
held the tiles in place during a strong blow
in the time of the changing monsoons.

  The veranda was double, in that it pro-
vided a balcony for the upper story. All the
rooms opened out on this upper veranda,
and most of the guests spent their time on
it, wearing only pajamas and loafing in re-
clining chairs. These chairs were used to
sleep in on hot nights.

  And as there was nothing in the nature
of windows in the rooms—each “window”
being but a great opening cut in the wall
with a kajang, or sun-awning that protected
it from the blazing fight—it was easy for a
thief to move from room to room and raid
them while the guests slept outside in the
verandas.

  It was especially easy to raid the rooms
when the guests happened to be traders or
planters who drank plenty of gin and bitters
and in consequence slept heavily.

  The tinkle of glassware and dishes, the
laughter of the guests, the trotting to and
fro of Malay, Javanese and Chinese ser-
vants, the gabble of the porters and the
chirping of birds in the garden or in the tree-
tops, made merry morning music. When
the Palembang, with her shrilling blocks and
clanking battens, got out to sea again, there
would be nothing but peace and quiet about
the Kota Baiun.

  As he passed languidly along under the
rail of the breakfast veranda, Fenton did not
deign to look up at the men lolling about the
tables. He appeared to have no interest in
strangers, but moved along intent on his
own thoughts as if making for the hotel
with a definite and pressing business.

At the front stoop, he nodded pleasantly
King of the Beachcombers

147

to the head porter, in order to establish with
any of the strangers the fact that he was
known by the hotel servants. Then he
mounted the stoop—prepared to begin his
little game for secret loot.

V

AS IT happened, the one English
clerk of the hotel was on duty—
a little man known as Bertie, who
was an assistant. As most of the
passengers from the Palembang happened
to be British, he had taken the desk to
assign the rooms.

  “I’ll have to stop over a few days,” said
Fenton. “I’d like the center room on the
front veranda, topside—the room I always
have, Bertie. And if any gentleman calls
to see me, be sure to send him up without
delay. I’m expecting two or three gentle-
men from the plantations.”

  Fenton’s voice was sufficiently loud to
carry to the restaurant veranda. He
scrawled a name on the register, pocketed
bis key, and went round the corner to the
stairway, as if going up to his room. With
him he took a supply of the hotel writing
paper.

  But once out of sight of Bertie, Fenton
made for the bar.

  At this hour in the morning, he knew it
would be closed, and the kajangs down.
But the door leading to it had a latch which
could be opened by slipping a hand through
a hole made for that purpose. Fenton let
himself through quietly, and closed the door
after him.

  It was a room with polished hardwood
floors and a few native mats of exquisite
workmanship. Marble-topped tables with
wire legs were ranged in a double row down
the center of the room. At one end was a
short bar backed by bottles on shelves and
a large mirror.

  Ah Sam, the Chinese barman, was polish-
ing brass. His towchang was plaited on the
top of his skull and the red silken end neatly
tucked in under the concentric circles of the
flemished mat of hair. He wore a blue frock
and trousers wrapped about his ankles.

  Ah Sam was a particular friend of Fen-
ton’s. The Chinese was in a position to
perform favors of considerable importance
in Fenton’s secret operations—and Fenton
paid well for these special services.

“Too soon come this side,” cautioned Ah

Sam. But as he spoke, he grinned affably.

  “That’s all right,” said Fenton in a quiet
tone. “I want to be alone—business. You
catch me a Picon drink, and fetch talk-

stick.”

  He sat down in a chair at a table as far
away from the door as possible, where there
was some light coming through the partly
opened kajang on that side of the hotel.
The veranda outside was deserted, the res-
taurant being at the far end of the front
veranda.

  Ah Sam brought the pencil before he
mixed the drink. He let his towchang down,
in order to be respectful. “Got plenty new
ones come this time,” he observed.

  Fenton nodded and winked.

  “Oh, yes, some strangers,” he said, as he
laid out his paper. “Now then, you wash
your hands before you fix my drink'—they
stink of that awful brass polish. Don’t you
flavor my swizzle with it.”

  Ah Sam pattered away and Fenton began
setting down columns of figures and adding
them up. Any person entering the bar—
and only an employee would be likely to
enter for the next hour or so—would assume
that Fenton was dealing in large sums of
money. Fenton always carried about with
him notes which had to do with substan-
tial financial operations pertaining to new
planatation machinery. These slips he
managed to display when he found it con-
venient to impress new friends while chat-
ting over a drink or a meal.

  Ah Sam returned with the Picon and set
it down. Fenton paid no attention, for he
did not want to carry on a conversation and
reveal his presence to the outer office of the
hotel.

  It was not long before he finished his pre-
tended work and sat back to sip his Picon
and smoke a cigaret. Presently he heard
two men moving along on the veranda just
outside the partly opened kajang. He
glanced out and saw two pairs of white shoes
as they advanced to a position near his
kajang.

  “There is nobody in this place, Captain,
so we can talk without being disturb—the
bar, not yet open.”

  Fenton recognized the voice as belonging
to Mr. Hoi, an auditor for the hotel com-
pany who came to Port Retzenborg about
once a month to go over financial affairs and
make an inspection.

  “I just want a word in private,” replied
148

Adventure

a voice strange to Fenton. “Just as well
that nobody is around—or sees us talking
together.”

  They seated themselves in grass chairs.
The lower part of the kajang was opened
outward a few inches, so Fenton had no view
of them. All he could see was the bottoms
of the rear legs of the chairs.

  “I am not aware of this business,” said
Mr. Hoi presently. He had a precise, En-
glish phrase-book way of speaking.

  “Well, of course, you know the Untong
is my schooner.”

  “Oh, yes—I know this. But to me, that
mean little. Before, Captain, I have not
hear of your schooner.”

  “No, she’s new down this way. But, per-
haps, Mr. Hoi, it will mean something to
you if I tell you my name—Stranlow—
Captain Edward Stranlow.”

  “Of course, I have see your name in the
hotel register, yes. You will stay with us
a few days, I know so much—no more of
you, Captain.”

  “I didn’t expect you would know more
than that,” said Stranlow. “But as a mat-
ter of fact, I am in the employ of your com-
pany—though that information is strictly
private.”

  “Oh, is this true? You are a company
man? Certainly, I shall do for you what I
can, Captain.”

  “Don’t do too much—and don’t give it
away that I am anything special to you—
keep it a secret that I am in the company’s
employ. But you must be aware that some-
thing came for me in the Palembang.”

  “No, I have no advice for this,” said
Mr. Hoi.

  “Then the mail-bags have not been
opened yet?”

  “Not yet, I think, Captain.”

  “Then they will be soon—and you’ll find
a large package for me. I might as well
caution you now, that it consists of a ship-
ment of cash for me. It is partly in gold
coin, but the bulk in notes, for that is what
I need in paying off white hands, and in
buying supplies.”

  “Oh, you have money, that is it.”

  “Yes, I thought it would be better for you
to know about it as soon as possible, be-
cause the packages will not show on the
outside that they contain cash. It is a
secret shipment. And it is just as well that
you look after it, for if a package should be
misplaced or broken or opened by mistake

by some of your native help, it might be
stolen. Anyway, the news might get out
that I’ve got considerable money in my
schooner, and that would make talk. Peo-
ple would want to know what I was up to.
You understand, of course?”

  “Oh, perfect I understand. I am glad
you tell me this. There will be no delay,
Captain. To this I will attend.”

 “Thanks. I have already had some
trouble with three white men in my crew.

I am paying them off here. That leaves
me with natives—and I will need some
white men, where I am going. So I shall
have to wait here until some vessel comes in
that can spare me some white sailors. I
can’t depend on my natives to back me up
if I should meet with trouble where I am
going. I’ll have to do some exploring in wild
islands, and wild natives may be suspi-
cious^—as they won’t understand what I’m
looking for or what I’m after.”

  “If I might ask—what is this you look
for?”

  “Oil. But I don’t want it known. The
company keeps a close mouth on what I’m
doing. That’s why I have to carry so much
cash—I’ll have to buy up land from native
chiefs, and I’ve got to make it look as if I’m
after plantation lands. Of course, oil and
mineral rights will be included in the con-
tracts, but oil means nothing to the native
chiefs. I’ve got to be able to bottle up what
I find, and that means I’ve got to be
generous in presents to the headmen of the
villages so they’ll let me move about freely.
I’ve got plenty of gin below decks, and a
good cargo of trade goods to be used for
presents.”

  “Yes, I understand now,” said Mr. Hoi.
“I will attend.”

  The captain lifted himself out of the
creaky grass chair. “Then we might as well
let things go for now,” he said. “And it’s '
just as well that we’re not seen talking to-
gether too much. We can’t be too sure who
these passengers out of the Palembang are
or what their business may be. What they
don’t know won’t keep ’em awake nights.”

  “That is correct,” observed Mr. Hoi as
he got up.

  “Just slip me the money packages and
I’ll get ’em aboard the Untong. We’re not
to be too chummy. I’ll go back aboard now,
but I’ll manage to have another private talk
with you when this crowd of passengers
get out.”
King of the Beachcombers

149

  Captain Stranlow and Mr. Hoi disap-
peared, one going to the front veranda, and
the other moving off to the rear." As Mr.
Hoi’s voice was presently heard from the
back veranda, Fenton knew that it was the
skipper of the Untong who had left for the
front.

  Slipping to a front kajang, Fenton opened
it outward gently an inch or two. He saw
Captain Stranlow making off down the coral
walk for the beach.

  “Here’s something that looks worth
while,” he told himself. “It appears that
the big mop-up I’ve waited for has walked
in on its hind feet and begged me to take it
along. Now, I’ve got to be able to handle
this thing right—and it’s going to take all
the wits I’ve got to put it over.”

VI

FENTON made his appearance of
the breakfast veranda, where Mr.
Hoi was chatting with the Palem-
bang passengers at their tables.

  “Will the bar be open soon, Mr. Hoi?”
asked Fenton, his loose papers in his hand
and a pencil over his ear.

  “Oh, any time Mr. Fenton, it will be
open now. Do you desire so early a drink,
you can have it here.”

  “Yes, I know,” said Fenton. “I wasn’t
wanting a drink, thanks. I thought I could
go to the bar and be quiet with these cost
estimates for machinery. But I can go
up to my room—or it’s pleasant enough
here, maybe— Haven’t seen you for some
time around the place—we’ve missed you.”

   In this crafty little speech Fenton estab-
lished some of the things he desired; first,
to Mr. Hoi that no one was in the bar while
the conversation went on in private with
Captain Stranlow; second, he had shown
the passengers of the Palembang that he
was a man of business who apparently spent
most of his time at the hotel, and had a
room there; third, that he knew Mr. Hoi
quite well and had missed him during his
absence from the Kota Baiun.

  As a matter of fact Mr. Hoi knew little
about Fenton, except that he seemed a
permanent guest, in that he was always
there when Mr. Hoi was making his regular
visits.

  The passengers glanced up at Fenton,
mildly curious. They sat in pairs at the
little tables along the veranda rail, dawdling

over their coffee and cigarets and enjoying
the sunlight and garden scents after having
been several days in the cramped quarters
of the stuffy little steamer on a blazing sea.

   They all looked prosperous, and were
plainly men of the tropics who had interests
in plantations or trading—with one excep-
tion. He was a man who sat alone at a
table, and being the ninth of the crowd, had
no one to pair off with for breakfast.

   He was young, and a man of ruddy com-
plexion, smoking a long thin Sumatra
cheroot. He stared into the smoke rising
before his eyes reflectively, taking no in-
terest in the others. One white-shod foot
was sprawled out on a near-by chair, as if
he suffered from the gout.

   He wore a big straw hat pushed back on
his head, a loose white jacket and white
trousers of heavy duck which stamped the
garments as having been tailored either in
' Shanghai or the Straits Settlements. It was
not the white suiting of the far-off islands.

   His blue eyes were keen. He turned sud-
 denly and took in Fenton with an appraising
 but careless stare; interest, but not an in-
 terest that could be in any way offensive.
 He lifted his foot down from the chair and
 nodded to Fenton.

   “This seat—perhaps you would like it.
Sorry, sir, but I do not want to take up two
chairs. I am leaving, and——”

   “No, no, thanks,” said Fenton. “I don’t
 want to intrude. Don’t run away—and I’ll
 sit here, if you don’t mind.” He was always
 quick to seize an opportunity to strike up
 an acquaintance without seeming to be
 eager to know strangers.

   The young man sat down again.

   “Then I’ll linger a bit longer,” assented
 the young man.

   “I’m really too lazy this morning to go
 on with these confounded figures,” said
 Fenton, laying out his slips of paper before
 him. “I think I’ll have coffee, if you don’t
 mind.” He suddenly gathered up the papers
 and stuffed them into his side pocket.

   “Oh, certainly have your coffee,” said
the other, and lifted a hand in signal to a
Malay waiter. “Charming little port,
this—so restful.”

   “Then you’ve never been here before?”
asked Fenton.

   “First trip—didn’t expect to stop over,
 but wanted a rest from the Palembang.”

   “Find business brisk these days?” probed
 Fenton.
150

Adventure

  “Business? Oh, I don’t belong with these
other gentlemen. I’m just touring around
and taking a rest.”

  “How are things in S’pore?” asked Fen-
ton, who always contrived to draw informa-
tion from strangers.

  The stranger looked a little surprized.
“How did you know I was from S’pore?”
he parried.

  “I beg your pardon,” said Fenton.
“Didn’t intend to ask a personal question
but I assumed you were from Singapore—■
your clothes are better, if you’ll permit me
to say so, than the ordinary trader about the
islands.”

  The compliment drew a grin.

  “You’re a keen man, sir. I thought may-
be you’d seen me in S’pore. Are you from
there yourself?”

  “I—I make my headquarters there, but
I’m there very rarely. Have to spend most
of my time in islands with plantations.”

  As if encouraged to further confidence by
Fenton’s affability, the stranger went on—
“Yes, I’m from S’pore. My name’s Out-
ridge—English, of course.”

  “Fenton’s mine. Hope I can be of some
service to you if you’re going to stop over
this boat.”

  “I am stopping over, yes.” He lowered
his voice and shot a careful glance to the
other tables. “I don’t take on well with
the Dutchies, and I’m tired of listening to
these commercial men on the steamer. They
talk of nothing but trade—and money—
and freights. Nice enough in their way, of
course, but rather boring, y’ know.”

  The other passengers were chattering
away merrily again with their own affairs,
apparently totally unaware that they were
disliked by Outridge.

  Fenton smiled appreciatively.

  “I understand. I’m in trade myself—
have to work to make my living—but I hope
I don’t keep up a constant clatter about
shop. Like to rest and chat with a congenial
chap now and then, and forget the con-
founded business and the counting-house.
I’m here estimating for plantation ma-
chinery. But I won’t be here much longer.
Find it a bit stupid, as you will, if you stay
long.”

  “Oh, I’m out by the next boat. But it is
pleasant to know I’ve found somebody in
the place who’ll be congenial.”

  Fenton ducked his head in a little bow.
They were getting on famously. Laying his

sun-helmet aside, Fenton gave the Malay
boy with the coffee a substantial tip.

   “Pretty little schooner, that,” remarked
Fenton, with a jerk of his head toward the
bay. “Presume she’s a trader—though her
lines are too smart for the ordinary trader
that’s generally seen in here.”

   “Quite so,” said Outridge, without taking
the trouble to look at the Untong. “But I
presume there are a few interesting things
to see on this island—plantations inland,
for instance. I’ve heard there are some
pretty spots. Taken care of like private
gardens, and all that sort of thing, with
labor so cheap.”

   He nodded at the great masses of bloom-
ing shrubs in the hotel gardens below.

  “Oh, yes, some charming places,” said
Fenton. “I’ll take you about the island,
if you like, when you’ve rested from the
steamer.”

   “Thanks awfully. I’ve nothing to do but
kill time and see as much as I can.”

   “Then when you feel inclined for a little
sight-seeing, just let me know, and we’ll
take a jaunt into the hills.”

   The invitation was easily offered for the
simple reason that Fenton had little inten-
tion of ever carrying out his promise. He
was after bigger game than a mere tourist,
who rarely carried good sums of money.

  “In a couple of days, when-”

“MR. OUTRIDGE! Sorry, but
may we see you in the office for
a minute. A matter of your
room—we’re afraid you’ll not be
satisfied.” It was Bertie, the English
clerk—and Mr. Hoi was lurking in the back-
ground.

   “Oh, certainly,” called Outridge, and rose
with a word of apology to Fenton. And
Outridge disappeared in the direction of
the lobby.

  As Outridge left, it struck Fenton that
the men at the tables had suddenly become
quiet. He swung round in his chair just
in time to see smiles and winks going among
the travelers. And as they saw Fenton
looking at them in surprize, they gave him
peculiarly knowing looks. He continued
to stare at them, puzzled by their cryptic
smiles.

  “That’ll put a bit of a spoke in Mr.
Outridge’s wheel,” remarked a gray-haired
man of jovial face. He was a big man, and
his whole appearance suggested wealth and
King of the Beachcombers

151

importance. And as he spoke, he held Fen-
ton’s eye with his own, smiling quizzically.

  “If I might venture to inquire,” began
Fenton, “I’d ask if there is anything—
wrong—or mysterious, about Mr. Out-
ridge.”

  “Certainly, venture all you like, my dear
sir,” said the big fellow. “I’m Bentley—
trading in island products, of S’pore—and
if I had the pleasure of your acquain-
tance-”

  He spoke with a shade of pride about him-
self, as if his name usually brought deference
when it was uttered.

  “Fenton is my name, sir.”

  Mr. Bentley, having gone through the
formality of knowing who the strange per-
son was, wiped his glasses and cleared his
throat importantly.

  “I rarely discuss strangers with—er—
strangers, if you’ll pardon me. But we saw
this chap making up to you. I feel it is my
duty to say a word—to put you on your
guard, as I might say—about this chap—
what’s he call himself? Outridge.”

  He twisted a thumb that pointed in the
direction of the hotel lobby.

  “You mean there’s something I ought to
know?” asked Fenton.

  The others laughed a little, quietly and
sedately, as if careful that Fenton should
not think they were laughing at him.

  “It’s not necessary that you know, of
course, but I’d say it is highly desirable
that you do know,” went on Bentley, in
that peculiar style of the orator who is pre-
paring an audience for something of a vital
nature in his subsequent remarks.

  “Then, sir, I should appreciate the in-
formation—and hold it confidential,” en-
couraged Fenton.

   “In the first place,” began Bentley, look-
ing critically at his glasses to make sure he
had cleaned them perfectly. “Mr. Out-
ridge’s real name is not Outridge. He’s
known to the police of S’pore by another
name—several of them, in fact. What they
are does not matter here—I am not in the
confidence of the police.”

  “I’m glad to be aware of what you say—
of the history of the gentleman.”

  Bentley smiled knowingly, and went on
in a subdued voice, but in his speech-making
manner.

  “That chap—who pretended to be a
tourist in what he said to you—and you’ll
pardon me for having listened—we’ve seen

quite a bit of him in the last few days aboard
the Palembang. He has plenty of money,
and all that, but he’s a card-sharper. And:
you may not want to add to his prosperity.
We’ve said a confidential word to the man-
ager here, so as to warn him against any of
this chap’s tricks hereabouts—and a word to
the wise is sufficient.” He nodded his head
as a sign that he had finished.

  “Thank you,” said Fenton. “He’d taken
me in right enough about being a tourist.
But I’ll mind that he tried no tricks on me
with his cards.”

  Another man in the party shook a warn-
ing head at Fenton. “It isn’t cards only
that you’ve got to be careful about—but
watch your watch.” The others laughed
at this.

  “I think I understand,” said Fenton.
“I’m obliged to you gentlemen for the
warning.”

  He got up and sauntered in toward the
bar, curious now to see what might be going
on with Outridge at the hotel desk.

  What Fenton saw was most extraordi-
nary. Outridge, his shirt pulled up in front
and the belt of his trousers hanging loosely
from his hips, was holding up a large buck-
skin moneybelt which he had apparently
just taken off.

  “I don’t see why you should be all upset
about my ability to pay for my food and
shelter here,” he was saying to Mr. Hoi in
angry earnestness. “I never expected to be
embarrassed like this—and it’s a confounded
outrage! But here’s my ready cash—some
two thousand dollars in notes. Count it
yourself, if you like! You don’t have to take
my word for the amount. And if you feel
I can’t pay for what I get, I can go back

aboard the Palembang and-”

  “Don’t trouble any more,” soothed Mr.

Hoi. “I did not mean to-”

  “You jolly well meant to make things
unpleasant for me,” went on Outridge.
“It’s an outrage, I say! I know that lot
of rotters off the Palembang have said
something to you about me. I’m not at
all worried about that lot of rotten com-
mercials, I’ll tell you! Come to cash, I
can buy and sell the half of them, I’ll tell
you that, Mr. Hoi!”

  “Please put your money away, sir,” said
the harrassed Mr. Hoi, his face red. “I

assure you-”

  “I’ll get out of this confounded place of
yours by the first boat—yes, perhaps by
152

Adventure

that schooner in the bay,” raged Outridge,
getting angrier—or pretending to be more
angry in proportion to Hoi’s apologies—as
he saw that his counter attack was winning
over the manager. Now he was strapping
his fat belt about him and tucking it under
the belt of his trousers. “You’ll find, Mr.
Hoi, that it’s not cricket to jump to con-
clusions about a guest who might stop here
a month or more, and listen to the lies of
a lot of traders, who pop in and pop out,
with-”

  Fenton slipped away to the bar and did
not hear the last of Outridge’s tirade.

  “He’s so mad,” mused Fenton to him-
self, “that he probably won’t put his money-
belt in the hotel safe tonight—and two
thousand dollars is not to be sneered at,
even if I have bigger game in sight.”

AH SAM was still busy with his
rag and polish, wearing out the
brass fittings of the bar. He
looked up at Fenton, and got
behind the bar to serve him.

  “You know this feller—-Outridge—talking
now office side?” asked Fenton, pointing at
the wall which was opposite the location of
the hotel desk. Through the doorway the
voice of Outridge, still raised in indignation,
thundered at Mr. Hoi.

  Ah Sam listened. “Have got—can do,”
he pronounced with a nod, meaning that
he would recognize the man of that voice.

  Fenton leaned across the bar and whis-
pered. “You give him drinks—maybe this
night. You give him same stuff, all time
we use for sleep—make him sleep long
time.”

  Ah Sam gazed stolidly at Fenton. His
wisdom was bland and unobtrusive. “Can
do this,” he assented. “I make this feller
sl’ep—long time, hard.”

  Fenton asked for another Picon, and when
he had finished it, left the bar for the front
veranda. Outridge was still in argument
with Mr. Hoi, waxing more excited as he
reviewed what had happened.

  “And the best of this thing is,” Fenton
told himself as he sat in a grass chair and
looked out over the bay, “that Outridge’s
baggage has gone to the upper floor. I’ll
roll him, and then not sleep in my room at
all, but stick in the bar late and sleep down
here in a chair. Also, I think I’ll be robbed
myself tonight, just as a little protection
against suspicion of having had anything

to do with Outridge’s precious belt. I can’t
take any chances, as Toady would say, con-
sidering this Untong business in hand. I’ve
got to be able to sail away in that schooner,
if I can manage it, without the slighest
blemish on my character.”

  He stood up and strolled down the coral
walk toward the Palembang, hoping that he
might run into the skipper of the Untong
and strike up an acquaintance with that
highly interesting person.

VII

PORT RETZENBORG lay un-
der a white moonlight, the mop-
heads of the palms fretted softly
by the land breeze from off the
hills that lay behind.

  Shadow and light, blackness and sheening
silver—neither was diluted in the slightest
degree under that tropical moon. The
fronds of the palms as they stuck out in
wisps under the pressure of the upper breeze,
looked like black seaweeds in a submarine
garden, moved by an undersea current.

  It was not difficult to watch the sema-
phore-like motions of the palm leaves against
the bright sky and to imagine oneself a
diver on the floor of a sea, looking up
through marine foliage that waved in the
water and stood out in clear relief against
the sunlight up above the surface of the
water. For the moonlight seemed to lave
the land like some gently flowing liquid.

  It was well after nine o’clock. In the
black pit of the Kota Baiun’s deep veranda,
a few cigars burned intermittently like com-
ets flaming into sight and dying out in the
tremendous distances of the unknown uni-
verse—to return in a few seconds on their
orbits and blaze into visibility again. An
eerie world was Port Retzenborg under the
magic of the moon.

  From the bar, dimly lighted so as not to
draw the insects of the night, most of the
travelers could be heard talking in droning
voices over clinking glasses about the prices
of hemp and the rising market on copra.

  On the side of the moon, three men sat
with their feet on the veranda rail, but kept
their faces in shadow of vine-grown pillars.
They knew that a tropical moonlight has
its charms, but they believed also in the
power of the moon to distort a face exposed
overlong to its beams.

At the dark end of the front veranda two
King of the Beachcombers

153

men sat in blackness, stretched out in re-
clining chairs, and chatting lightly after the
manner of persons newly met and likely to
part in the next few days never to meet
again. It is a condition of affairs which
leads many men into confidences which
they would not confer upon their closest
friends—and so, under certain circumstances,
may be fraught with danger.

  Their cigars were going comfortably.
They gazed out over the dark gardens and
the moon-swept jungle tops beyond. And
from down the beach, beyond that rising
jungle, there came the distance-softened
strains of a mandolin. A soft and musical
voice sang of the time when it would be
possible to go back home. It appeared from
some of the vagrant words which were intel-
ligible even at that distance, that there was
waiting for the singer, a baby.

   Here and there fireflies looped glintingly
through the gloom. Lights twinkled out
of the velvety darkness of the jungle, where
coconut-oil lamps of natives were moved
across the openings that served as windows.

  A dog bayed the moon down near the
warehouse. It seemed strangely lonely and
deserted now that the Palembang had tooted
itself out through the reef a few hours agone.
Only a toy vessel, carved out of jet, rode on
the shining waters of the bay—the schooner
Untong.

   “If you’re going to sleep in the hotel to-
night, captain, you should be careful of your
valuables,” said Fenton in a low and confi-
dential tone.

  “Why careful?” asked Captain Stranlow.

  Having met Fenton during the afternoon
in the bar, and finding him an agreeable
chap, Stranlow preferred to sit out on the
veranda rather than mix with the strangers
in the hotel bar. And Fenton had proved
to be an interesting talker.

   “Well, there have been thefts here in the
past,” said Fenton. “Naturally, the man-
agement keeps quiet about such things. And
the hotel, of course, is not responsible, be-
cause every room has a card posted up ad-
vising guests to leave their valuables in the
hotel safe. I’d be careful, sir.”

   “Oh, thefts can happen anywhere, I pre-
sume,” said Stranlow. “But I’ve little to
loose. I keep my money in a little safe
aboard the Untong—and a mighty little safe
I need, too.” He laughed lightly at his
joke.

   “I couldn’t lose very much myself,” ad-

mitted Fenton. “But I thought it as well
to inform you of how things go here—it’s
something I wouldn’t speak of to every-
body.”

  “Oh, I’m willing to be put on my guard,”
said Stranlow. “Thanks for saying a word
about it.”

  Fenton’s voice dropped lower. “I’ve a
particular reason for mentioning the mat-
ter tonight.”

  “Particular reason! Why, how’s that?”
“This party off the Palembang—there’s a
chap among ’em that’ll bear watching, I’m
told.”

  “Which one is it?”

  “The card-sharper.”

  “Which is the card-sharper?”

  “Fellow who calls himself Outridge—the
well-dressed young man who smokes the
long Sumatra cheroots.”

  “Oh, yes! That’s the chap, sir?”

  “Has the room next to yours—between
our rooms, you know.”

  “Oh, now I understand why the manager
told me to secure my kajang carefully when
I went to bed. Said it would rattle if there
was a breeze, and probably keep me awake.”
“It wasn’t the breeze that he was think-
ing of,” said Fenton with a chuckle.

  “He won’t get very rich off what I’m
packing,” said Stranlow. “And as for his
smoothness with cards—I don’t play for
money. So I feel safe.”

  “I was told to watch my watch,” went on
Fenton. “Of course, so far as Outridge is
concerned, I know nothing but hearsay, but
I’ve been warned that he’s light-fingered in
more ways than one. Still, there have been
thefts here long before Mr. Outridge came
on the scene.”

  “Now who do you suppose is up the
beach playing that music?” said Stranlow.
“It’s mighty sweet music, whoever it is.”
“Some white sailors who have been work-
ing on plantations during the stripping
season.”

  “White sailors! Why, I didn’t know
there was a white seaman on the island!”
“Oh, yes,” said Fenton. “They’ve had
jobs as gang-bosses and so on. No longer
needed now, and have been paid off. So
while they’re waiting for some vessel that’ll
need seamen who are white, they loaf up
in the native town and amuse themselves.”
“That’s odd!” remarked Stranlow. “I
can’t understand why Mr. Hoi never
mentioned the fact that there are white
154

Adventure

sailors here. That’s something I should
know about.”

  “Mr. Hoi wouldn’t know much about
’em,” said Fenton. “They’re not known
in the port here as sailors—simply planta-
tion donkey engineers or foremen. Natur-
ally, they don’t spend their time at the bar
6f the Kota Baiun. But I’ve run across ’em
now and then, in my jobs. One—the fel-
low playing the mandolin—is an American
black. He was a ship’s cook, I understand,
and got stranded here, but worked around
on the various plantations.”

  “Any other seamen working on the inland
plantations?”

  “Not that I know of, Captain.* Why?”
“Well, I’m looking for some white men for
my crew. I’ve got natives, but I’ve got to
have a white mate, and so on.”

  “Perhaps these men up the beach would
do,” suggested Fenton.

  “No, I don’t believe I want to ship a
bunch of shiftless beachcombers.”

FENTON laughed. “I’d hate to
hear those chaps singing up the
beach called beachcombers to
their faces, captain. There’d be
a row, I know! They may be regarded as
beachcombers by the managers of this hotel,
but why should a seaman who’s worked out
the season on a plantation, come to the Kota
Baiun to live? Where can they go, when
the busy season ashore is over, and they’re
waiting for a ship. There are no lodging-
houses for seamen in Port Retzenborg, you
know.”

  “Yes, I’m aware of that,” said Stranlow
carelessly.

  “I happen to know,” went on Fenton,
“that these men have plenty of cash, as
their kind go. They’re living in a native
shack for which they pay rent, and they buy
their food in the native markets, and ask no
odds of anybody. If that’s beachcombing,
then I’m a beachcomber. I’ve finished up
my job of estimating for the plantations,
and I’m staying here until the S’pore
steamer shows up. And paying my bills.
These chaps up the beach are doing the
same thing, only on another scale, that’s all.
Of course, if they came to the hotel and
spent their money at the bar, they might be
popular—until their money’s gone. But
as I size ’em up, they’re pretty decent as
such men go.”

  “Certainly, that puts a different light on

the thing,” said Stranlow. “If they’ve been
working—and want a ship—and are paying
their way, we can’t dismiss ’em as vaga-
bonds.”

  “Of course, they’re nothing to me,” said
Fenton. “Only if you happen to want sea-
men, you ought to know the facts in the
case.”

  “I certainly want the facts. As I under-
stand it, you’ve met them in the course of
your work—and have talked with them?”
“Yes, I know a couple of ’em fairly well.
They regard me, if I may be permitted to
say it, as an utter swell. But one bossed a
hemp-press with a gang of coolies, and an-
other is a mechanic of sorts who kept ma-
chinery fixed up in some of the places where
I’ve been talking about new equipment.
Can’t for the life of me remember their
names at the minute—if I knew the names
at all. Toady is one, I know—just a nick-
name—and one is called Jones, I think, but
that last name may be a native way of
pronouncing his real name.”

  “And you say they’re looking for a ship?”
“So I understand. I’m sure of only one
thing—this chap called Jones—I think he
was mate of a trader and got sick here. I’ve
heard Toady say he was a bosun himself,
but you know such men will brag about the
positions they’ve held.”

  He laughed as if in remembrance of un-
believable yarns he had heard from the men
up the beach.

  “Why not tell ’em to come aboard the
Untong and have a talk with me?” said
Stranlow. “That is, if you’re likely to run
across ’em. Don’t go to any trouble about it.”
“No trouble at all, Captain. I’ll be up
the beach tomorrow. But they’ll want to
know where you’re bound for—and what
wages.”

  Stranlow puffed his cigar a few minutes in
silence.

  “The regular wages, of course. What I
want is a white mate—even if he hasn’t got
a ticket. I could use a bosun, a carpenter
and a sailmaker. And I think you spoke of
the black as a cook?”

  “I’m under the impression he was a ship’s
cook.”

  “I’m not sure I want a black man for
cook. The islands I’m making for are
rather a wild lot—and I find natives are in-
clined to think a black man in the crew,
who isn’t a regular native—has been stolen
and is in slavery.”
King of the Beachcombers

155

  “You know best, Captain.”

  “But don’t say anything about the rat-
ings. If I ship any of these men, I’ll ship
’em as A.B’s, with quarters separate from
the natives, and good grub, of course.
When I’ve got a line on such men as I take,
I can promote as I see fit.”

  “And where’ll I say you’re bound for?”
pressed Fenton.

  Stranlow puffed again at his cigar be-
fore replying. Then he turned his head to
make sure no one was about and listening,
and brought his voice down to a whisper.

  “I’m going to the Sedriana Group. Want
to go down there and comb a few reefs and
lagoons for pearl shell.”

  “Oh, I didn’t know you were a pearler.”
“No, I’m not exactly what you’d call a
a pearler. I’m out on a scouting trip for a
pearling fleet. I look over the ground for
promising shell, and then make my reports
to the company that employs me. But I
hope you’ll keep that quiet—I’m talking to
you confidentially.”

  “Of course. I’ve nobody to talk with
about it, even if I took the liberty of dis-
cussing your affairs. But how long do you
expect to be gone? It’s just my own ques-
tion, and not at all for these men you want
to ship, so don’t answer if you feel it’s none
of my business.”

  “That’s all right,” said Stranlow. “I’m
not making any particular secret of my
business with you. I may be gone three
months, or longer. Depends on how much
time I’ll want to put in on the various la-
goons I look over. Sometimes I stick in a
spot a week, sometimes I get out at once if
the sign of shell is not what it might be.”
“That’s the kind of a trip I’d like to take
some day, captain. Just have a good loaf
and rest.”

  “I’m afraid you’d find it dull.”

  “No, I don’t think so. I like the sea, if I
can have it quiet. Passenger steamers, I
dislike—but a schooner, and a congenial
skipper—I always enjoy it. And I’ve made
such trips.”

  “Then why don’t you come along with me
this trip?” said Stranlow, a trifle indiffer-
ently.

  “I hadn’t thought of it until this minute,
and I’m due back in S’pore by rights.”
“It’s up to you,” said Stranlow. “Come
if you like—as my guest. I’m all alone, you
know—nobody much to talk with. Do you
play crib?”

  “Fairly well, thanks.” He said nothing
more for a few minutes, and appeared to be
thinking the project over.

  “I suppose I could send my report to
S’pore by mail,” he went on presently. “I
don’t actually have to go myself. Matter
of fact, my report is nearly all made out—
what machinery is wanted, and so on, and
how many men to send for setting it up.
My job here is at an end now, and I don’t
need the money that’s coming to me from
my employers. I could let that ride until I
get back to S’pore after this trip with you.
Not but what I’d expect to pay my share of
the stores.”

  “Don’t worry about that,” said Stran-
low. “Just come along if you feel like it—
you’re as welcome as the flowers in May.”
“It’s something I’ll have to think over,
Captain. It appeals to me. I need a little
romp after quite a siege of hard grind, but
I’ve got to figure out whether I can afford to
take so much time off. As a matter of fact,
I can write the S’pore office that when I’m
out with you I can visit some plantations of
the Sedriana group, and combine business
with pleasure. That is, if you feel I could
visit an odd island or two for an hour, if
things fell right.”

  “I couldn’t go very far off my shell fields
just to accommodate you. But I could
drop in on an island that we happened to be
passing—especially, if there was any chance
of shell. And most of the islands need
looking over.”

  “I wouldn’t expect you to go out of your
way, no,” said Fenton grandly. “You’d
have to be the judge as to where I landed,
and my visits would be in line with your
plans—or I wouldn’t make any calls.”

  “I’m suited with that if you are,” said
Stranlow. “Think I’ll turn in now.” He
stood up and stretched luxuriously. “And

if you run into those men in-”

  “I’ll be glad to attend to it, Captain.
In the meantime, don’t be fobbed off if
anybody tells you they’re beachcombers.
Naturally, men who are not working are not
popular in these Dutch islands. The Dutch
hate loafing, even between jobs.”

  “What I want to do is sail,” said Stran-
low. “I’m not likely to get any help from
the hotel about picking up sailors. If I
size Mr. Hoi up right, he’s shrewd enough
to enjoy having me hang about here a month
or two, waiting for a crew—and paying
Kota Baiun rates and spending my money
156

Adventure

at his bar. I’ll judge the men myself, de-
pend on that.”

  “Then good night, sir. And thank you
for your kind invitation, Captain.”

  They shook hands in the darkness, and
the skipper wandered away to the stairs
which led to the upper floor.

  On the upper landing Stranlow passed
Mr. Hoi. “I think I’ll be able to get all the
crew I want,” he whispered to the hotel
man. “And this chap Fenton—he thinks
he’s going on a vacation trip with me to the
Sedrianas.”

  “You mean—he go with you?” whispered
Mr. Hoi.

  Stranlow waved a hand in dismissal of
the subject. “I’ve got to give him the soft
stuff, and make it appear that I’m not at all
concerned about who knows my business.
As long as he thinks I’m bound for the
Sedrianas, no harm’s done. So I’ve blinded
his eyes on where I’m really going. Don’t
let me down on it—The Sedrianas, you
know. I’m a pearling scout—savvy’?”

  Mr. Hoi nodded.

  “You fool him all right. My! He will
be mad when he find where you do go! He
will yell!”

  “Who the dickens is that snoring?” asked
Stranlow, as he became aware of the regular
trumpeting of some sleeper in a room
nearby.

  “That is Mr. Outridge. He drinks too
much, and goes to sleep early. My, such a
rumpus! I hope he will not disturb you,
Captain.”

  Stranlow grinned into the candle which
Mr. Hoi had just lighted.

  “No, he’ll put me to sleep—it sounds like
the surf on a reef after a hurricane!”

  Mr. Hoi gurgled with laughter deep in his
throat, and went down the stairs softly.

VIII

IMMEDIATELY after Captain
Stranlow left the veranda, Fen-
ton went to his room. Men still
lingered in the bar, chatting
quietly or playing chess. After he reached
his room Fenton could hear their voices
dimly.

  Outridge was snoring heavily.' In the
room beyond, Fenton could hear Stranlow
preparing for bed. The grass chair creaked
as he sat down to take off his shoes. While
the skipper was still moving about, Fenton

decided he had best carry out his plans with-
out delay. It would be dangerous to prowl
after Stranlow was quiet in bed, or asleep.

  Before long the bar would be quiet, and
Fenton would not have the cover of the
noises of conversation and movement be-
low. Also, men would be coming up and
preparing for bed or moving about on the
upper veranda.

  Fenton folded two large handkerchiefs in
peculiar shapes. When he had finished with
them they looked like napkins formed into
fanciful shapes so they would stand alone
like pyramids. At the base of each pyra-
mid was a corner knotted into a loop. These
cloth pads he slipped over the toes of his
shoes, as if they were light rubbers.

  They protected the soles and heels from
making a noise on polished wood floors
where there was no matting. Thus he
could move silently without taking off his
shoes. He avoided the chance of being
caught in stockinged feet, and in case of
danger the pads could be kicked off and he
could provide an excuse for being in the
wrong room.

  Outridge continued to snore with regu-
larity.

  “Ah Sam fixed him properly—and he’s
asleep for at least twelve hours,” Fenton
assured himself.

  He moved to the open kajang which led
to the upper veranda. The place seemed
deserted. The moonlight shot slantwise to
the outer edge of the veranda rail. There
was a strip of darkness along the wall. He
had but some six feet to go to be able to
enter the room occupied by Outridge.
Fifteen feet beyond was the kajang of Cap-
tain Stranlow’s room. And Stranlow was
still fussing about, so that Fenton was al-
ways aware of where the skipper happened
to be.

  He slipped out to the veranda. He
stooped down to bring the lower part of the
veranda between him and the outer moon-
light. Thus he made sure that no person
was concealed in that strip of darkness along
the wall. He crossed the veranda to the
vine-clad rail, to listen a minute and to
make sure that his movements would not
attract the attention of Stranlow.

  With careful fingers Fenton plucked a
half dozen leaves from a vine and slipped
them into his side pocket. He had no
weapons, for he always avoided using them
in his work, knowing that the Dutch were
King of the Beachcombers

157

strict about revolvers. The leaves in his
pocket were safer for him—and he had al-
ready perfected his plan so that they could
be used to advantage. The one thing
Fenton prided himself on was his wits—he
always had the foresight to plan for what
would happen after he was successful in
getting the desired loot. He maintained
that the events after a raid were of more im-
portance than what was done in prepara-
tion for the raid.

  He slipped back to the wall, and keeping
close to it to avoid creaks, glided noiselessly
to Outridge’s kajang.

  “All clear!” he breathed.

  He stepped over the high sill of the kajang,
which was thrust outward from the bottom
about three feet. He got in sidewise, and
found himself in total darkness, the posi-
tion of the kajang now marked by two
triangular strips that revealed the outer
moonlight.

  Outridge snored on. Captain Stranlow
was humming a low tune to himself as he
moved about the dresser. Fenton heard
him drop some loose change and his watch
on the dresser as he emptied his pockets.

  Moving into the darkness of the room,
guided by the snores, Fenton gained the side
of Outridge’s bed. With deft hands the
thief located the belt which Outridge wore
about his middle—under the single sheet
that covered him.

  Carefully the three tiny buckles were
loosed. Then Fenton pressed the ends of
his fingers gently against Outridge’s back,
over the kidneys. The pressure was grad-
ually increased, and then kept uniform.

  For several minutes Fenton waited pa-
tiently. Then Outridge, between snores,
sighed heavily. He turned over to escape
that pressure on his back. As he turned,
Fenton drew the belt from under him.

  Outridge resumed his snoring with new
energy in the comfort of his new position.
That annoying pressure was gone and
the sleeper settled down again into deep
slumber.

  Fenton lifted the snaps on each pouch
of the belt and made sure the packets of
notes were still there. Then he pocketed
the belt. The trick was done, but there
was still work to do.

  Fenton moved back to the kajang and
peered out to the veranda. To his surprize
Captain Stranlow’s figure was outlined
against the moonlit sky beyond. The

skipper was smoking a cigar and leaning
against a veranda stanchion, gazing out
over the bay at his schooner.

  “All right, enjoy the scenery,” thought
Fenton. “I change my game to suit the
situation. Stranlow is likely to slip over to
my kajang to see if I’m in bed. So I can’t
chance things to wait here until he gets
back to his own room and goes to sleep.
And he may stick there an hour.”

  He moved straight back and passed the
bed once more. The door to the outer hall
was not locked, for there was little use ot
locking doors at the Kota Baiun while
kajangs on the veranda were open.

  Fenton got into the hall and returned to
his own room without making a sound.
He slipped the handkerchiefs off his shoes,
untied the fabrics, and pocketed them. He
slipped off his shoes, and got into bed with
infinite care so the frame or the cane bottom
would not creak.

  Then he sat up and flopped about noisily.
He reached down to the floor and gathered
up his shoes with a clatter.

  “Confound you and your snoring!” he
muttered angrily. He put on his shoes and
tramped about on the floor where there was
no matting.

  Captain Stranlow came along the veranda
and stopped before Fenton’s kajang just as
Fenton was applying a match to his little
bedside lamp.

  “So he woke you up, eh? Rather a nui-
sance, isn’t he,” laughed Stranlow.

  “Hello! That you, skipper? Yes, I
give up! I’ve been asleep tv/ice. Now I’m
going below for a drink. Join me?”

  “No, thanks,” said Stranlow. “I’ll turn
in and have a try for some sleep myself. He
may not disturb me.”

  From the little Fenton could see of him,
Stranlow was in his pajamas.

  “I’ll take a walk through the palm grove,”
said Fenton, “and see if I can’t get sleepy
enough to have some shut-eye in spite of
that racket next door. By the time he has
shifted gears on that snore, we may sleep.
Listen to it! It makes the calendar hanging
on my wall jump!”

  “Well, so long,” said Stranlow. “I wish
you luck,” and he laughed and moved back
toward his own room.

  Fenton slipped the packets of money out
of his pockets and examined them at the
lamp, standing between the light and the
kajang.
Adventure

  “A little over two thousand dollars,” he
breathed. He tucked the notes away in
various pockets and went into the hall.

THERE was a narrow passage
that led to the back of the build-
ing. It opened on a rear ve-
randa, where stairs went down to
the kitchen. This was the service stairs,
through which the servants brought food or
drinks to the rooms of the upper floor. Off
on either side of the stairs was a tiled roof,
newly added to the building and so not yet
overgrown with the creeping vines which
ran up the pillars and the sides of the hotel.

  Out on these tiles Fenton threw the
moneybelt. He saw it laying askew like a
snake newly killed. He took from his side
pocket the leaves he had torn from the front
veranda’s vines. The leaves would be
found with the belt, and the means by which
the thief had gained Outridge’s room would
be explained to any investigator—a native
had climbed the vines of the rear veranda,
made his way over the tiled roof, and robbed
the sleeper. And in making his escape,
the thief had dropped the empty belt. So
suspicion would be diverted from the other
guests on the upper floor.

  Fenton turned back and descended the
regular stairs which led down to the lobby.
He made no attempt to be quiet but let his
feet clatter on the wood. He grumbled
about not being able to sleep.

  He pressed in to the bar, still muttering
angrily. “Ah Sam!” he snapped, “give me
a Picon.'”

  He turned to the four men who remained
in the bar. Mr. Bentley was one of them.

  “Sorry to be so upset about it, but I
warn you gentlemen that if you’re thinking
of sleeping in any upper rooms, you’re in for
disappointment. That man Outridge jars
the furniture with his snoring. I’m forced
to go and walk about a bit — and then
I’ll get my sleep in a chair on the lower
veranda.”

  “I’ve been up and tried to sleep myself,”
said Bentley in sympathy. “But it was no
go—I thought I’d better come back here
and hang on.” # The chess game was re-
sumed.

  Fenton drank his bitters and slipped a
couple of gold pieces to Ah Sam. “Keep
the change—you mixed that drink just
right.” He winked at the Chinese, who
pocketed the gold coins and from his own

pocket put a silver coin in the till in pay-
ment for Fenton’s Picon. Ah Sam under-
stood that he had been successful in doc-
toring Outridge’s drinks — and that the
transaction was successfully completed.

  Lighting a cigaret Fenton went to the
front veranda. In a few minutes he saun-
tered idly down the coral walk in the direc-
tion of the godowns.

  For a quarter of an hour he idled about in
the palm grove, walking back and forth, and
keeping in sight of the hotel. He appeared
to be seeking exercise, and not to be con-
cerned with where he went.

  Finally he struck off for the beach. When
he got into the open moonlight he walked
briskly over the hard shingle, then when he
had gone twenty rods, turned and came
back.

  He kept increasing the distance he gained
down the beach away from the hotel. This
was toward the place where his companions
had their shack.

  There was a point of brush that ran down
from the jungle to the beach. He sat down
at the end of this point of foliage, rested and
lit a cigaret.

  “I’ve made a fairly good night’s work of
it, Phil,” he remarked to the dense bushes
behind him. “Cold cash—and a little bet-
ter than two thousand dollars—all in mixed
notes, and of fairly good denomination.”
“That is a clean-up,” came the voice of
Phil Jones.

  “First-chop good luck. It walked into
the hotel and yelled at me to pick it up.
But alongside of something else I’ve run
into, it’s mighty poor picking.”

  “How do you mean, Dude?”

  “There’s something big for us in the wind,
if that gang can keep their shirts on.”
“What’s turned up? An American mil-
lionaire without his keeper—and his pockets
lined with cash?”

  “Better than that—Phil, here’s where we
jump this island.”

  “Good! I’ll move along any time you say.
The gang’s getting too hard to handle.
What are you going to do? Buy a yacht
and take ’em on a tour?”

  “You know that schooner that came in
this morning?”

  “Is that the big game you’re talking
about? She didn’t look very rich to me.
Thought she was a trader.”

  “She has her hold full of trade goods,
yes. But she’s here on some under-cover
King of the Beachcombers

159

game. And she has fifty thousand dollars
in cash in her safe.”

  “For the love of Mike!” marveled Phil.

  “If she’s cleaned up, who’s to make a
roar about her? If she doesn’t turn up in
some port, who’s to make trouble? As I’ve
said, her skipper—Stranlow’s his name—is
here on some smooth game.”

  “Got any idea what it is?”

  “No. What I heard him tell Hoi pri-
vately may be right—he’s an oil scout on the
quiet. But he told me he’s going to the
Sedrianas to hunt pearl-shell beds.”
“Maybe what he told Hoi is right.”
“Maybe. But it doesn’t matter—I know
he’s got a bunch of coin that came in for him
in the Palembang. Stranlow doesn’t dream
I know—picked it up on the quiet. But if
we could get that schooner and sell the trade
goods in some wild islands and get away
with the cash—it’d be the mop-up we’re
been waiting for.’.’

  “Then we’ll need the gang.”

  “Sure. He wants some white men in his
crew. I’ve told Stranlow that you’re men
who’ve been working on plantations, and
spoke of you as a mate. He didn’t cotton
at first, but I swung him round.”

  “But how can you ship? Going to stow
away?”

  “Going along as guest. If he doesn’t take
on any of you, I’ll have to stow you away,
and we’ll swing the thing by ourselves. No
other whites aboard, you see. But if we
can only get Toady and probably Port Light,
the four of us will be enough to settle the
native crew and handle the schooner. Here,
take this cash. Slip it back to me when I
see you tomorrow, and don’t tell the gang
how much we got. I’ll divide up a couple
of hundred dollars with ’em, and say that
was what I made tonight.”

  He dropped the packets of money by his
side, and Phil’s hand reached out and
picked them up.

  “And take my watch,” Fenton went on.
“I’ll make the first roar about thieves in the
morning myself, and beat my chap to it be-
fore he finds his moneybelt gone. So I
can’t take the chance of having any of his
money on me—you might slip me one note
back—a small one. I’ll use it to draw a
herring over my tracks.”

  Phil Jones handed back one note. “Here,
it’s only a British pound note,” he explained,
after he had squinted at in the moonlight.
“You’d better drift into the port early in

the morning before I get out to see you,”
went on Fenton. “Show up in your best
sailor duds. That’ll make it appear to
Stranlow that you’re after a ship, regardless
of what I’ve said—it’ll throw him off the
track of a thought that I’m planting a crew
on him. Get out to the Untong in a boat.
Stranlow probably won’t be aboard, but if
you watch at the godowns after you’ve been
to the schooner, you may catch him on his
way to his schooner.

  “Brace him for a berth as mate, and if you
hook, put in a word for the others. Tell
him Toady is a bosun, and Port Light a
carpenter. If possible, get ’em all shipped
without my having to talk to Stranlow
about it again. I’ll wander up the beach,
because I’ll want to have a talk with the
gang. Don’t tell ’em anything about the
plans or what’s in the Untong. I’ll spring
that on ’em myself—and give orders. Then
I can come back to the hotel and tell Stran-
low I couldn’t find any of you. You be
back at the shack by nine o’clock, so you
can be there and listen to what I tell the
gang. We’ve got to play canny all along
the line. I’ll mosey back to the hotel now
and not be away too long.”

  “I’ll show up early in the morning for the
Untong, and go through with things,” said
Phil. “Good luck.”

  “Luck yourself, Phil.”

  Fenton rose and strolled up the beach
toward the Kota Baiun.

IX

“I TELL you I left my money-
belt in the safe!”

  It was the angry voice of
Outridge, just after dawn. It
reached the ears of Fenton, asleep in a re-
clining chair on the front veranda. The
birds were chirping in the hotel gardens.
From the upper floor came the angry growls
of men waked from sleep by the uproar in
the hotel office. Fenton sat up to Ms ten.

  “Sure I did! I know what I’m talking
about! Don’t try to bluff me out of it—
you’ve got my money! More than two
thousand dollars in a buckskin belt! I
want it!”

  Servants cleaning the side verandas be-
gan to gather to hear the row. The low
tones of the clerk, pleading for quiet, drifted
out to Fenton’s ears.

  “I have no record of your having
i6o

Adventure

deposited any money in the safe, sir. But
please don’t make so much noise. It’s early,
sir, and the safe can not be opened yet. And
last night you had been drinking a little.
There may be a mistake on your part,
sir.”

  “I was drinking more than a little last
night,” admitted Outridge. “ S matter of
fact, I was tight. Never got tight so quick
in all my life! Had two or three drinks—
and they made me sleepy drunk. Had a
hard job to get to bed. Funniest thing I
ever saw. Ordinary, I can drink all night
and not be under the influence. But that
stuff your bar-boy hands out—not only
made me drunk—made me ill. I’ve been
ill for the last two hours—and I’m still
groggy. But that’s neither here nor there—
I come down here for my money-belt, and
you swear I didn’t hand it over for safe-
keeping. I’ll jolly well see about that! I
know I left it with the clerk—the Dutch-
man, not you. I’ve a distinct recollection
of standing here with my belt in my hand
and turned it over, and-”

  “Then if you left your money you should
have a receipt, sir. Anyhow, you’ll have to
wait and take it up with the clerk who re-
ceived it—and wait until he comes on duty
and the safe is opened.”

  “Oh, hang the receipt! I don’t believe I
took any. Can’t remember any. I trusted
this hotel, and I want my property!”

  The wrangle went on, Outridge refused to
be satisfied with anything but an admission
that his money-belt was in the safe.

  Fenton grinned.

  “Here’s luck! That Outridge chap is a
trifle muddled from the stuff Ah Sam doped
him with, and finding his belt missing,
hasn’t the slightest idea yet that he’s been
shaken down for it. This gives me time to
fix up a game that’ll cinch the fact that a
native got away with the cash.”

  He threw off the light covering, and in his
pajamas went round to the restaurant ve-
randa where the breakfast tables were being
covered with linen. The servants were
busy wiping the matting. Fenton grumbled
about having been waked, dropped into a
chair and pretended to fall asleep.

  The servants resumed their work as the
trouble in the office waned. Fenton dropped
the pound note which he had taken back
from Phil Jones, and presently wandered
back to the chair he had deserted on the
front veranda. As he settled himself, he

could see the note he had dropped under the
other chair.

  In a few minutes a Malay boy, wearing
only a loin cloth, appeared with a bucket
and a mop. He began cleaning near the
note. He picked it up, looked about to
make sure the other servants had not seen
him, tucked the note into his chowat, and
went on with his work.

  Fenton left at once for his room on the
upper floor. As he approached the stair-
way, he saw Outridge still in argument with
Bertie.

  As Fenton dressed himself he heard Cap-
tain Stranlow moving about in his room.

  “I say! My watch is stolen!” cried Fen-
ton. “Left it in my trousers last night
when I went below to sleep! And it’s
gone!”

  “Hello! What’s that?” called Stranlow
through the wall.

  Fenton broke out in angry complaints.
“I say my watch is lifted. And Outridge
is having a row with the clerk about a
moneybelt. Outridge swears he put it in
the safe.”

  “The entire hotel knows that much,” said
Stranlow. “I’ve been trying to sleep
through the racket he’s made. But, while
I’m sorry for you—I think it’s amusing—it
was you who warned me to put my prop-
erty in the safe. And now you’re nipped.”

  “And you’d better look through your
things,” said Fenton, as he hastily tied his
shoes. He departed for the lower floor and
broke in on the harrassed clerk. Outridge
stood aside, giving a nod of recognition.

  “Look here!” began Fenton crossly to
Bertie. “I’ve been robbed! Left my
clothes in my room last night and slept on
the front veranda outside here. And my
watch—worth a hundred dollars—is gone!”

  “I’m sorry, but we’ll have to disclaim re-
sponsibility,” said Bertie. “Guests are cau-
tioned to leave their property in the safe,
and-”

  “Oh, yes, your safe!” exclaimed Out-
ridge. “All I hear is your confounded safe!
Well, I left mine in your bally safe, and now
you say you’ve no record. Mr. Fenton,
you’ve lost your watch by not putting it in
the safe, but I wonder if I’ll get my two
thousand after I’ve put it in the safe.”

  “You’ve nothing to worry about, Out-
ridge. I’m not questioning the honesty of
the clerks. But it is a confounded nuisance
to be left at the mercy of a lot of native
King of the Beachcombers

161

servants, roaming about in the halls at all
hours of the night, and sneaking into
rooms.”

  “What servants were in your room,
sir? We’ll do all we can to recover your
watch. If you’ve any suspicions—any idea
of the servant who might have taken the

watch-”

  “How should I know who got it, Bertie?
I ordered nothing during the night. But I
did see a boy in the hallway when I left my
room a little after midnight. A Malay, he
was, I’d say. Got a good sight of him as he
passed a lamp. I’d know him, I think.
When he saw me he scuttled for the back
veranda. Naturally, I thought he was
from the kitchen or the bar. But I’ll bet he
hid in the servants’ stairway, and when I
came below he went into my room and
lifted my watch out of my trousers. I slept
down here in my pajamas.”

  “We’ll see about it, sir,” said Bertie.
“We’ll have all the servants up at once, so
please keep quiet, sir, so they won’t all
know your loss has ■ been discovered.
There’s been too much row made as it is.
Here comes Mr. Hoi—he’ll take charge
of your cases, gentlemen.”

  The blond young Dutch clerk arrived
with Mr. Hoi, both looking annoyed and
showing signs of having dressed hastily.
They listened to Outridge with grave faces.

  He shook his head doubtfully as he
looked over the two or three duplicate
receipts for valuables deposited in the
safe.

  “I doubt that you turned over your
money-belt, sir. I have no recollection of
anything in connection with your belt or
your money, except that you showed the
belt to Mr. Hoi yesterday when you de-
sired to convince him that you had funds
to pay for any expenses you might incur.
You did not leave the belt or the money for
safety with me.”

  Mr. Hoi went to the safe and rolled the
combination. He took out a tin box con-
taining envelopes and packets.

  “There is nothing here of yours, sir,”
said Mr. Hoi. “You can see for yourself.
We cannot be held responsible.”

  Outridge, in blank amazement and rage
began to storm. He insisted that he had
turned in his money. By this time other
guests began to arrive from their rooms,
grumbling as they came down the stairway,
and staring disgustedly at Outridge.

   Captain Stanlow appeared, wearing his
 sun-helmet. He lingered, looking on, as if
 waiting for an opportunity to attend to
 some business with the hotel on his own
 account. The servants began to gather
 in the lobby.

   “I shall hold this hotel responsible for
 my loss of two thousand dollars!” cried
 Outridge.

   A native servant came running down the'
 stairs. He held in his hand a long strip of
 light-colored material—the empty buck-
 skin belt that belonged to Outridge.

   In high excitement, the servant held up
 the belt to Mr. Hoi and explained in Malay
 that he had found the empty belt out on
 the tiling of the roof of the rear veranda.

   “That’s my belt!” cried Outridge. “There
 you are! I told you the hotel had it! And
 what’s this boy doing with it—and empty?
 You can’t disclaim responsibility now
 and-”

  But no heed was given to Outridge.
 >sMr. Hoi and the two clerks bolted up the
 stairway, demanding of the boy to be
 shown the exact spot where the belt had
 been found.

   The other guests went out to the restau-
 rant veranda, but Outridge, Fenton, and
 Captain Stranlow remained in the lobby.

   “This is certainly a bally madhouse this
 morning,” said Stranlow. “I’d like to
 have a cup of coffee before I go out aboard
 my schooner, but there’s no chance. I
 think I’ll drift along.”

        OUTRIDGE dashed away to the
 upper floor, explaining that he
 Jjyjvja should hear and see what went
 on. “If I’m not present,” he
 said, “they’ll cook up something against
 me by having a servant admit' theft from
 my room, when as a matter of fact I left
 the belt with the clerk.”

   “You ought to be there,” said Stranlow,
 with a wink to Fenton.

   Fenton laughed and shrugged shoulders.

   “What do you make of it?” asked the
 skipper.

   “It’s all a blind. I don’4 believe this
 card-sharper lost his money at all.”

   Stranlow was surprised.

  “A blind? How do you mean? What
good would it do him to make all this fuss if
he didn’t lose his money? And there’s
his empty belt—picked up out on the
tiles of the roof!”
162

Adventure

  “It’s this way, as I see it,” said Fenton
in quiet tones, disregarding the voices from
the upper hallway. “Outridge tried to get
the hotel to believe he had a couple of
thousand dollars to meet his expenses. The
bluff worked—they didn’t examine what
was in his belt. Now, he threw the belt
out on the roof, swears he left his money
in the safe, and is trying to bilk the hotel
into paying him back his money to avoid
trouble.”

  “Pretty smooth business, that,” de-
clared Stranlow. “I’d never thought of it
in that way. You ought to say a word to
Mr. Hoi on that theory.”

  “There’s more to it than that,” went on
Fenton. “I think he’s the blighter who
got my watch. He’s playing at being
robbed to divert suspicion from himself.
His snoring—that was all rot, to fool the
lot of us.”

  “My word!” said Stranlow, looking ad-
miringly at Fenton. “You are a keen ’un!
It’s the cleverest bit of work I’ve ever
heard of! I wouldn’t have seen through the
dodge in a yeaf of Sundays!”

  “I may be wrong, of course. I thought
at first a Malay boy I saw in the hall last
night was the chap who got my watch—
and look here! There he is now—the chap
with the bucket and mop!” He pointed
to the boy who had picked up the pound
note.

  “He looks scared—knows you’re talking
about him,” said Stranlow. “And he’s
edging away. He does look guilty, and
wants to get out, so-”

  Fenton darted across the lobby after the
Malay boy, who dropped his bucket and
mop and attempted to flee as Fenton
started for him. But Fenton caught him
and dragged him across the lobby to
Stranlow.

  The cries of the startled boy brought the
outer guests running from the restaurant
veranda. They looked on in surprize as
Fenton held the native in his arms facing
away, and probed into the folds of the
chowat.

  Out came a concave brass box which
fitted over the Malay’s hip. It held
sireh—for betel-chewing. Then came a
few coppers and a piece of bone carved so
that it served as a charm—and the one-
pound note.

  “Now we have it!” cried Fenton.
“What’s this boy doing with a pound note?

He isn’t paid off in English notes, I’ll bet!
He probably doesn’t know what it’s worth!”
To the boy, Fenton said, “Where you
catch this?”

  The boy, terrorized with the realization
that there had been thefts in the hotel and
that he was trapped with money which did
not belong to him, whined and spluttered in
Malay and bits of Dutch, that he had not
taken the money, but had found it on the
restaurant veranda.

  “Likely story!” said Fenton to Stranlow.
Turning round to the other guests, Fenton
said, “I’ll wager that this is part of the

money from Outridge’s belt, with-”

  Mr. Hoi came dashing down the stairs.
Some of the servants had run to him with
word that the thief was caught. The whole
crowd from above came trooping down.
Mr. Hoi demanded to know what had
happened.

  “Ah! You have find the t’ief!” cried
Mr. Hoi, when he heard Fenton’s explana-
tion and saw the crisp, fresh note. “And
you say this is very boy you see above
floor last night, eh? I have hear of it! He
no business upper floor, this boy!”

  “Look at this note, Mr. Outridge,” said
Fenton. “Did you have any such notes in
your belt?”

  Outridge took the note from Fenton’s
fingers.

  “Cerainly! That’s some of my money.
I had quite a few of these—real, new ones,
you’ll see. From the bank in Singapore.
And it’s folded just as mine was—twice
across, so as to fit into the pockets of my
belt! Look here! This proves it!”

   He took the belt and fitted the folded note
into the little pocket from which it had
been taken.

  The Malay pleaded with Mr. Hoi, assert-
ing that he had found the money, and was
not a thief.

  “Ah! So you lie to me, eh! We find you
went up to the back roof—we find leafs on
the roof! And last night Mr. Fenton is
see you-in the upper hall!” He turned to
the Number One Boy of the servants, a big
Chinese. “Take this boy out and give him
twenty bamboo! I show my servants they
cannot lie to me—and steal!”

  The wailing boy was dragged away.
All the servants were summoned to be
questioned, in an attempt to discover where
the missing money might be hidden.
Screams came from the yard behind the
King of the Beachcombers

hotel, as the bamboo rods were laid on
the Malay boy’s back.

  “Well, I’ll get out of this,” said Stranlow.
“I’ve business for a few minutes aboard
my schooner.” He took from the clerk
three large packages that had come by mail,
nodded to Mr. Hoi and signed a receipt for
them. “See you later,” he said to Fenton,
and departed.

  The packages under the skipper’s arms
Fenton knew must be the money—or part
of it—which had arrived for Stranlow in
the Palembang. The fifty thousand dollars
was being moved aboard the Untong.

  And as Stranlow walked down the coral
path for the beach, Fenton observed a figure
in clean dungarees and wearing a pilot cap,
lurking about the warehouses at the dock.
It was Phil Jones, waiting to approach
Stranlow and seek a berth as mate in the
schooner.

FENTON arrived about nine
o’clock behind the point of rocks
where his beachcombers had their
lair. He came straight up the
beach, without any attempt to conceal
where he was going from those at the hotel,
explaining before he left that he was taking
a walk to avoid the confusion attending the
row about Outridge’s loss. The investiga-
tion was still in full swing when he left,
and while the money had not been recov-
ered, there was no doubt about who had
committed the thefts. The Malay boy was
chained to a tree.

  So Fenton, in his hotel clothes, wearing
his sun-helmet and carrying his cane, was
a figure of elegance and affluence now in
comparison with his appearance the morn-
ing before when he left his companions.

  And the beachcombers had changed their
appearances. They were shaven and clean,
and instead of their rags, now were all
dressed in clean working clothes—faded
dungarees, straw hats or canvas caps.
They wore shoes or boots. Their sea-
bags were on the sand, and they squatted
on them, ready to listen to what their leader
had to say. They looked like honest and
respectable seamen—all but Thursday
Smith; his clothes were a trifle better than
the others, and his trimmed beard might
have caused him to be mistaken for a ship’s
doctor.

  Fenton had already had a private con-
ference with Phil Jones—just a minute in

passing, during which Fenton had received
back some two hundred dollars of the cash
looted from Outridge.

  “Well,” began Fenton to his assembled
men, “I understand that Phil has shipped

as mate in the Untong-”

  “I told you as ’ow I knew that blighter
of a schooner!” broke in Toady Harry, his
sunburned face showing spots of light skin
on his cheeks, now that he had lost his
beard.

  “—Has shipped as mate,” went onFenton.
“And it looks as if there’s a good chance you
can all ship in her, if you play your hands
right with the skipper.”

  “Yes, it’s all to be decided when Stranlow
has had a chance to look ’em over,” said
Phil. “So I’ve got ’em ready to move into
the Port.”

  “Now,” warned Fenton, as he sat down
carefully on a rock, “I want to say a word
about care in Port Retzenborg. In the
first place, you know that the minute you go
past the point here, you’ve left British soil,
and are in Dutch territory. The boundary
line cuts this island hereabouts—you know
that—and the Dutch can’t touch you here.
But in the Port—if you drink or make any
trouble, you may be grabbed. You know
the Dutch would like nothing better than
to pick up the lot of you on any charge.
So mind your eye before the Untong sails.”
“We knows all that, Dude,” said Toady.
“Wot we wants to know, is wot’s the lay?”
“I’m coming to that in a minute. When
I leave, you’d all better wander down to
the jetty. I’ll go back to the hotel through
the hills and tell Stranlow I couldn’t find
you. In the meantime, you’ll probably
be shipped—and it’ll look better that way.
This trick can’t look too rigged up, or the
skipper’ll have none of us.”

  “It’s all very well for us to be shipped in
that schooner,” said Toady Harry. “But
wot I wants to know is where is she bound
for?”

  “Hold your tongue and give the Dude a
chance,” said Phil sharply.

  “Ho! You’re the myte of the Untong
now, and we’re only swine of sailors!
That’s it, is it, my ’earty?”

  Toady was jeering now, but there was
good-nature in his jeer, and Phil had too
much sense to take offense.

  “Let the Dude talk, and shut up!” said
Thursday. There were murmurs of assent,
and the others hitched closer on their bags
164

Adventure

to listen. Elephant Joe had his mandolin
over his shoulder, and his eyes were glisten-
ing with anticipation.

  “This is where we mop up,” began Fen-
ton. “We’ve been here long enough. It’s
time we moved on. If you play the game
with me, and take your orders and carry
’em out, we’ll be in Sydney in three months
—with plenty of cash.”

“My aunt! SydneyI” cried Toady Harry
joyfully. “That’s wot sounds like it to me!”
There were gasps of astonishment and
pleasure from all the others—except Ele-
phant Joe. He shook his head a trifle sadly.

  “We should have a couple of thousand
dollars in cash—maybe more.” said Fenton,
“It remains to be seen. We may make
even ten thousand a man in the final split-
up.”

  “I’d ship in a blinkin’ bawth-tub for the
likes o’ that!”

  “Are you talking seriously, Fenton?”
asked Thursday.

  “I never was more serious. I want this
talk of ‘swine of sailors’ stopped. We’ve
all got to play our proper parts in this game.
No rows, mind. If Phil, as mate of the
Untong, gives you rough talk and treat-
ment, take ’em—he’s got a reason. He
can’t let this skipper think it’s a gang of pets
that’s being shipped. And you look to
that, Phil—don’t be too ready to make the
skipper think these chaps will stand by
you rather than by the skipper. Don’t
talk ’em up too much, but show you can
boss the job. If there’s the least suspicion
that I’m too thick with the lot of you, we’re
likely to miss the chance of our lives.”
“Cawn’t a chap awsk a question without

’avin’ ’is - ’ead knocked off—’ere

amongst ourselves?” asked Toady Harry.

  “That’s all right—here! Look out for
what happens in that schooner. You’ll
take orders—and no growling.”

  “I always ’as—and I will now. You’re
my skipper, Dude—and Phil ’ere, I’ll
tyke my h’orders from ’im. Didn’t I
always do my bit?”

  “You have. But you’ve fretted a little
lately, and we can’t chance this job with
one man on the least of a raw edge. I
want you in on this, Toady—you’re too
handy with a knife to leave out of it.”

   “Oh, there’s a knifin’ job, eh?”

  “Never you mind talking of it now.”

  “Orl right! I’m in for this commish.
And if I’m ’oldin’ things up with my gab,

don’t mind me—go a’ead.- I’ve no mind

to stop the meetin’.”

  “Then it’s this way. The Untong is
loaded hatches-full, with rich trade goods.
I got the tip in private. He told one man
he was going scouting for oil, and told me
he was bound for the Sedriana Group for
shell. But what’s he doing with holds full
of trade goods? He has natives aboard as
crew. He could use them for oil or shell
work. But he wants a white crew, and he’s
beached some of his white men. I don’t
dare go look them up in the Chink gin-
shops and ask ’em questions. Mind, if
you run into any of them, don’t ask ques-
tions. We can’t have Stranlow fobbed off
us by showing too much curiosity. And
keep out of the gin-shops at the Port.”

  “Wot does ’e want white seamen for?”
asked Toady, his face twisted in a reflective
study.

  “For fighting purposes, that’s what,”
said Fenton. “He’s on an under-cover
business—but that doesn’t concern us.
What we want to do is get off the land in
that schooner.”

  “Ho, I see! We grabs the schooner, sells
off the tryde goods to natives in the southern
islands, and ’its out for Sydney with the
blinkin’ cash we’ve made—and scuttle the
Untong when we’ve done with ’er.”

  “That’s it,” assented Fenton.

  “She’ll ’ave some cash, too, for tryde,”
commented Toady. “That’s not to be
spit at.”

  “I doubt she’ll have much money aboard,”
said Fenton. His eye wandered to Phil
Jones.

  “Traders don’t carry much cash. You
ought to know that, Toady,” said Phil.

   “There’s little to expect in her but trade
goods,” said Fenton. “But they’ll make
us rich.”

  “Ah’m a’goin’ home some old day, oh
baby!” hummed Elephant Joe, shaking
hands with himself gleefully.

  “Me for London, in good time—and a
first clawss ticket!” declared Toady.

  “But how are you going to come along
with us?” asked Thursday.

          “I’M GOING as the guest of the
skipper. That means I won’t
mix with any of you—but be a
little cold and distant, though
I’ve met you off and on at plantations.
You’re below me in class—and don’t forget
King of the Beachcombers

165

it. You’ll get your orders from me through
Phil, because he’ll be aft where I can get a
word to him privately now and then. And
Elephant Joe may be able to get the cook’s
berth, though Captain Stranlow is against
taking blacks who are not native. So I
want you to understand that when Phil
tells you to do a thing, the order comes
from me—and must be obeyed. The man
who lays back, no matter what the order is,
gets his share cut as I’ll decide when the
pay-off comes.

  “If I see the slightest break in program—
there’ll be somebody to pay for it. You
can work things out your own way, but
Phil and myself could pull this game off by
ourselves if we had to. I’ve always played
fair with you, and I’ll play fair unless you
dish this business. You’ve lived fat and
easy under me, and I’ve done the work and
taken the risks, giving you your share so
you’d stand by until something like this
came along and I could use you all together
in a gang-job. Now the Untong is waiting
to be taken. You can drop the game and
stay here on the beach—any of you or all of
you—or ship in the Untong and get in on
the pay-off. Who’s for staying behind?”
“Ah stays right with the bandwagon,”
said Elephant Joe.

  “Count me on it, and no questions asked,”
said Port Light.

  “I’ll stick, - or high-tide,” said

Thursday.

  “Wot’s the use of talkin’ like we’d ’op
out on you?” demanded Toady Harry, in
hurt tones. “You think I’ll stay off a
crimson fortchin?”

  “Will you take orders—and no growling?”
demanded Fenton.

  “I’ll bite the - blacks, if you’ll

awsks me,” said Toady. “We’re all in on
this, as the Dude and Phil wants, eh,
mateys?”

  They all gave willing assent, assuring
him in chorus that Fenton’s word would be
the law, and Phil Jones the chief prophet.

  “All right, then,” said Fenton, briskly.
“And now about your sea-bags. Have you
got in them all the silver and jewelry that’s
been hidden away?”

  “Not a thing left behind,” said Port
Light. “We didn’t have time to melt down
the silver egg-cups and a few other trifles.”
“Where are the silver pieces?”

  “We split ’em up between us,” said Port
Light, walking into Fenton’s trap.

  “I thought so,” said Fenton, with a grim
smile. “And now I’m going to give you a
chance to obey orders from the jump. All
the silver has to be left behind—even what
has been melted before. Not a piece of
that stuff goes aboard the Untong in a sea-
tjag—or in any other way.”

  “You’re right!” declared Thursday. “I’ve
been telling ’em the same thing before you
showed up, but they wouldn’t listen.”
Dismay came into the faces of the other
three. Phil Jones looked away, out over
the sea, as if he was not concerned in what
they thought of Fenton’s amazing and dis-
appointing order.

  There was silence for a few minutes, and
then Toady Harry, in weepful tones, spoke.

  “Do you mean all the blinkin’ swag that’s
silver? That’s nice to ’ear, I must say,
when we’ve been told all along we’re to
’ave it. Wot’s to be done with it, if I
might make so bold as to awsk?”

  “Bury it here,” said Fenton coldly.
“It’ll keep—and we can come back for it

if we ever need--”

  “That’s a jolly nice tune to pl’y,” declared
Toady in total disgust. “ ’Ere you been
payin’ os orf with silver and the like, out of
your pickin’s at the ’otel, and we thinks we
got a fair pile o’ swag! Now you say we’re
to bury it like a blinkin’ pup with a bone,
on this crimson beach, and syle aw’y to
try and myke our bloomin’ fortchins on
another job of work? Wot if we don’t get
the schooner? Wot then? Do we go on a
beach again, and vag it?”

  There were guarded murmurs of approval
of Toady’s stand.

  “You fatheads!” Fenton broke out,
knowing he could best handle the three by
abusing them. “Have you no brains in
your heads? Are you a lot of simpletons?
Can’t you see beyond your noses? Or
have Phil and myself—and Thursday—to
do all your thinking for you, and fight with
you in the bargain, to put a fortune in your
hands?”

  “Wot’s the blinkin’ ’arm to tyke along
the silver?” asked Toady.

  “What’s the harm?” scorned Fenton.
“No harm at all, you fool! It’ll be a fine
thing for some of the native crew to fish in
your sea-bags, steal silver egg-cups or other
silver with the name of the Kota Baiun on
it, and sell it ashore before we sail from
Port Retzenborg. In a quarter of an hour
after he’s bought it, the Chink’ll be telling
Adventure

the hotel where he got it, and after a reward
for returning it—and informing. Then,
with the Untong still in port,, the lot of
you’ll be dragged ashore and your sea-bags
opened. The evidence’ll put you in a
Dutch jail for the rest of your lives! That’s
all the harm, Toady, you woodenhead!”

  The grumble of the others was now direct-
ed at Toady, for they saw he had been
beaten down.

  “But wot abawt the jewellyry we’ve got?
Cawn’t we tyke that along?”

  “One watch apiece, and keep that out
of sight,” said Fenton. “And the diamonds
—if they’re out of the rings—yes. But no
silver, mind—-melted or unmelted.”

  “That’s rotten luck,” said Toady.

  “Say! You haven’t got fifty dollars
worth of silver a man! Are you going to
let that junk wreck our chances! Don’t
be fools! Bury the lot. I’ll not take any
of mine. And if I can leave mine behind,
you can yours. And more! I’ll pay you
fifty a man for the silver, in cash. I got
about two hundred dollars out of a room
last night, and I’ll take no share of it to
prove I’m right. A hundred of it is mine,
by rights, but I’ll give you the lot to split
up—and another hundred of my own to
split, for the silver. How’s that?”

  “I sees it your way,” said Toady. “Beg-
gin’ your pardon for stickin’ my Up in, but
wot we wanted to know was wot you wanted
from us, and that’s correct, eh mytes?”

  He turned to the others, his face glowing
with sudden virtue, now that fie could be
the leader in assenting to Fenton’s orders.

  The trio agreed, all being relieved that
the matter was smoothed over.

  “Wot’s the silver and the jewellry all
good for any’ow, I awsks,” went on Toady.

  He had his little trick for maintaining his
secondary leadership, and now he per-
tended to take credit to himself when he
knew he had no choice in the decisibn.

  “Glad you understand it from the right
angle, Toady,” said Fenton, ready to shift
from blame to praise, for he needed Toady
more than any of the others.

  “You generally have good sense when a
thing is explained to you, I’ll say that.”
“Tyke no chawnces, that’s my motter,”
said Toady. “And keep things movin’, I
says. Give the word, and I’ll pull my
weight on any bloomin’ rope.”

  “Now then, I’ll have to get back to the
hotel,” said Fenton. He took the roll of

money from his pocket. It was part of
the Outridge loot.

  “Here’s all I got last night. And you
can split it yourself—and here’s another
hundred of my own. I’ve always played
fair with you chaps, and I’ll continue to do
so if you’ll play my game.”

  He tossed the bills to them, and with a
wave of the hand, jumped up on the rock
barrier and left for the Kota Baiun.

XI

        CREAMING the seas from be-
fore her bows, close-hauled under
jjgpgBfr- a northerly breeze, the schooner
Untong drove to the southward
over a moon-bright sea. She fore-reached
with the grace of a wheeling gull, her sails
white in the night’s brilliance and her
trucks flirting with the low-lying stars that
twinkled playfully among her topmasts.

  In her bows, under the shadow of her
foresail, there was a cluster of black shapes.
One figure, sitting astride an overturned
bucket, loomed up against the seas ahead
like the statue of some gigantic character
of mythology. But the figure swayed
with an easy motion to the heel of the
schooner, and as it swayed, the monstrous
head lifted to the stars as if in wonderment
over the beauty of the night.

  The ratlines sang in a low*, soft mono-
tone, and with regular rhythm as they
slacked and grew taut again with each
caress of the swells against the schooner’s
stem.

  There was another gentle sound that
beat against the planking—the soft fall of a
bare foot that sought to catch the pulsa-
tions of the rigging. Presently foot and
rigging fell into time and there was a melo-
dious twang that seemed to break from the
very skies themselves—a lilting minor that
might have come from a harp in heaven.

  It came again—-and again—sweet, and in
time with the schooner’s roll. The up-
thrust head lifted higher and a soft crooning
that challenged the croon of the seas
swelled upon the moonlight.

   “Ah’m goin’ home, some old day, o-o-o-o-h
ba-a-a-aby.

  Tum-tum-tum-tuml Ah’m a-goin’ ho-o-o-o-me!”

  Elephant Joe sang that formless song with
his soul. He used words without rhyme or
reason, and setting them to a music of his
King of the Beachcombers

167

own which had probably come down to
him from his jungle forefathers, he made a
song of infinite longing, with a melody as
natural as the strumming of wind through
an African forest.

  “Strike me pink, but you ought to be in
the ’alls at ’ome, you black!” declared Toady
Harry, when the negro let his song die
away in the softest of string-picking.

  “Best I ever heard, bar none,” declared
Port Light. “Nice pickle we’d ha’ been
in, if the skipper handn’t taken you as cook,
Joe.”

  Port Light lay on his back, staring up-
ward.

  “You know wot?” said Toady impor-
tantly. “Skipper didn’t want the black be-
cause ’e said the nytives of the Sedrianas
would be suspicious of a black in white
men’s togs. Suspicious! Ho! Ever ’ear
the like o’ that?”

  “Poor old Thursday!” said Port Light.
“He was a good chum—but he gits cold
feet at the last minute and decided not to
come along with us. I done my best with
him, but I couldn’t git him to come near the
Untong.”

  “Good job he didn’t,” said Toady. “I
never ’ad no trust for that chap—too much
of a toff for the likes of us.”

  “Thursday was a good sort;” insisted
Port Light loyally. “But he was afraid
of somethin’.”

  “You know wot?”

“No. He was a close-lip. Never a word
would he drop to give me a thought on it.”
“I knows,” said Toady, with certainty.
“There was somethin’ wrong with Thurs-
day—somethin’ he feared like.”

  “Sydney, that’s wot he was a-feared of.
Sydney, and the blinkin’ police.”

  “Cripes! You’ve struck it!” said Port
Light. “Minute he knows we’re for Syd-
ney, I could see a look in his eyes—a power-
ful fearin’ look. And he didn’t talk so
much to me, from then on. Only once, this
mornin’, he has a chance down near the
water when we was alone. Tort Light/
he says to me, ‘I got a feelin’ in my bones I
don’t want to go in this Untong. Stop
ashore with me and we’ll go it alone.’ I
thinks it over, but decides to stick—and
as we’re cornin’ down the beach to the Port
to see the skipper and ship, he bolts into the
jungle, and that’s the last we sees of him.”
“You know wot?”

  “No, Toady.”

  “ ’E’s a slick un, is Thursday. Figures it
out that if he skips us, ’e’ll ’ave all the silver
and jewelry we buried—and a fairish lot
it is, too. Better, ’e says to hisself, to ’ave
this swag and be safe, then look in the eye
o’ a Sydney bobby—and be tooken up for
murder, or the likes o’ that.”

  “Perhaps you’re right,” agreed Port
Light thoughtfully. “But we'Was in luck,
if we was to lose Thursday, to bring Joe
here along—and his mandolin.”

  “Me, Ah tells him Ah’d throw away mah
pants when we gits to where them natives
is at—and look so wild I’d scare them can-
niballers,” chuckled Elephant Joe. “Ah
cooks in this schooner, says I to the skipper,
if all I wears is a chicken bone in mah
nose.”

  “Not particular easy for you to ship
yourself, Toady,” said Port Light. “Know
what the skipper said about you?”

  “Wot?” asked Toady in a tone of indif-
ference.

“Said you looked like a cockney trouble-
maker—and would be always on the growl.”
“I’ll show ’im a bit of trouble-makin’—on
the point of my knife,” whispered Toady
viciously.

  “It was Phil that fixed things up for you,”
went on Port Light in the barest of whispers.
“Phil said as how you was the only man as
was fit to ship as bosun—and he needed
you.”

  “And so I am,” declared Toady. “That’s
the honest of it.”

  “Sure it’s the honest,” agreed Port
Light. “That ain’t what I’m talkin’ of—
I says it was hard enough for the lot of us
to; get shipped. Particular beggar, the skip-
per. But I know what he was afraid of.”
“Wot?”

  “He was afraid that Elephant Joe and
you might be hard to handle when you found
the schooner wasn’t bound for Sydney at
all, but was for the Sedrianas—and this
cruise is a bluff. He didn’t want anybody
who might be dangerous.”

  “You was good enough for ’im, eh Porty?
You’re the fair-’aired boy ’e fancied for a
sailor, eh? Well, I’ll show the likes o’ ’im
afore the night’s done—I’ve ’ad a borry of
Joe’s sharpenin’-stone from the galley, and
I’ve give my knife a fair whettin’.”

  “That’ll be a powerful lesson to him, when
you gives him a stab,” laughed Elephant
Joe.

  “Hush it down!” warned Toady. “Don’t
Adventure

you know the nytive sailors is idlin’ in the
dark o’ the waist, aft there?”

  “Then it’s tonight we strike?” asked Port
Light.

  “The night,” said Toady cautiously.
“Dude’ll be sittin’ out on the quarterdeck
with skipper, for a bit of a chat after they
sup. Phil’ll 'ave the deck. When he calls
me aft, that’s the signal for the gyme to
begin.”

  “What next?” asked Port Light. “This
is the first chance we’ve all had to know,
since Phil gave you the word. We better
know now what’s to be done.”

  “When Phil calls for’ard for me, you all
lay aft and stop a bit at the scuttle-butt, as
if you was for a drink of water afore turnin’
in for watch below. Phil’ll tyke me far
enough aft for a word so I can watch my
chawnce—and I slips my knife. There’ll
be a call—you rush aft along the windward
runway. That puts us all together soon as
skipper’s done for, and we can fight if the
nytive crew acts up.”

  “Easy enough, it sounds,” said Port
Light.

  “Wot’s the matter we can’t do for one
white man in this packet—and the lot of
these nytives, too, come to that.”

  “But why so sudden-like?” asked Port
Light, as if he shrank from murder so
abruptly. “Why not give us all a chance to
think it over—and know the schooner bet-
ter and the lay of things?”

  “The night’s as good as any to finish off
this job o’ work,” said Toady. “Keep
things movin’, that’s my motter. Do you
mind that when we’ve done for the skipper,
we all live aft? I enjoys a good bit o’
tucker—why live on crew grub when we
can eat in the cabin?”

  “Right enough,” agreed Port Light.
“Come on, Elephant—give us another rally
with a song. It makes things sound peace-
ful-like, and the skipper, hearin’ us singin’,
won’t think there’s no danger in the wind.”
“Ay, a bit o’ music,” said Toady. “Won’t
do skipper no ’arm to ’ave a bit o’ music
afore ’e gits my knife. It’s the last o’ singin’
’e’ll ’ear this side o’ Jordan.”

  “I wonder how old Thursday is makin’
things, all alone in the old shack,” mur-
mured Port Light.

  “Never you mind Thursday,” said Toady.
“I’m fair sick o’ ’earin’ of that toff. ’E
never belonged with the likes of us—’e’s a
blinkin’ ship’s orfficer wot’s lost ’is ticket,

that’s wot. I knowed the beggar’d slip ’is
cables on us, come first chawnce.”

  “Poor old Thursday,” sighed Port Light.
“He was a good enough chum for me.”

  “You wishes you’d stopped back with
’im, I knows,” said Toady. “You wait—
come mornin’, you’ll be aft—and a blinkin’
owner of this packet and the tryde goods
below ’atches.”

JOE struck his fingers across the
strings again, and sang the delight
that was in his soul, anticipating the
wealth that was soon to be his.

  Toady, keeping an eye aft, could see at
times, Captain Stranlow pacing the weather
side of the quarterdeck, and Fenton walking
with him. Phil Jones stood near the native
helmsman, leaning on the cabin roof and
staring ahead into the night.

  In the shadow of the sails, these figures
were dim and indistinct, but when the moon-
light fell upon them they stood out in sharp
relief against the glistening seas astern.
Fenton, Phil and Toady were waiting for
what they considered the proper moment.

  Most of the native crew were loafing in
the waist, for while the wind was fair and
the barest watch was needed, the natives
preferred to remain on deck to hear the
music of Elephant Joe. And Port Light
was in the bows, on lookout, so the routine
of the schooner was in order.

  Four bells struck—ten o’clock.

  “Bosun!”

  It was Phil Jones, now at the break of the
deck, and peering forward.

  “Ay, sir!” answered Toady. He got to
his feet, and fumbled at his belt to pull his
sheath-knife forward on his hip, ready at
hand. To his companions he gave his final
order before moving aft for his night’s work.

  “To the scuttlebutt, right after me, and
mind you have your knives ready. Keep
together—and rush aft when you hear a
call. That’s to let you know my blade’s
found its ’ome—there’ll be no slip from me,
mind. But you may ’ave to bear a ’and
with the nytives when I’ve done for skipper.
Not ’avin’ a gun, mind you’re ’andy with
your knives, and tyke no chawnces!”

  Stooping to clear the stay, Toady hurried
aft. And Elephant Joe once more struck
the strings of his mandolin and sang lustily
a bar or two.

  Then the big black and Port Light moved
aft, joking as they went to the scuttlebutt,
King of the Beachcombers

169

which was lashed to the forward bulkhead
of the cabin.

  “Bosun, break out the paint-gear in the
morning. I’ve a job you might attend to,
and it’s as good a time as any to show you
what’s to be done. This ’paulm on the cabin
roof is gittin’ to leak, and needs mendin’
and fresh paint.”

  “I was noticin’ of it myself, sir,” said
Toady. He mounted the three steps of the
quarterdeck, following Phil Jones.

  Phil moved aft slowly, running his fingers
along the edges of the whipped-down canvas
side of the cabin roof.

  “There’s a spot aft here that’s special
bad,” continued Phil. “I’ll show you where
it is, and you can turn to on it some
morning.”

  He drew Toady still farther aft. Captain
Stranlow was walking with Fenton, and they
were talking. There was nothing suspicious
about the boatswain and the mate discus-
sing the work for the next day.

  Toady edged ahead of Phil, and reached
the after corner of the cabin roof—on the
weather side, where Stranlow always turned
to go aft again.

  Phil and Toady went on discussing in
low tones the defect in the tarpaulin.

  The moment came when Captain Stran-
low was within three feet of Toady, the
boatswain having his back to the skipper.

  The captain made his turn aft. Phil
Jones threw up a hand in signal to Toady
that things were right.

  Toady swung round, knife out, and lunged
forward with his blade-hand in a straight
stabbing stroke for the kidneys.

  Captain Stranlow whirled. He did not
lift a hand—but a yellow jet of flame rose
slantingly from his hip. There was a dull
report. Tiny red sparks flew from the yellow
flame—bits of fabric sheared away by the
bullet as it leaped through the side pocket
of Stranlow’s jacket.

  The up-angled slug of lead struck Toady
in the chest. His feet left the deck in a
convulsive little jump, for the big auto-
matic pistol carried a blunt ball, and as
Toady was not more than two feet from the
muzzle, the heavy charge of powder got in
its full effect with velocity and lifted the
boatswain off the planking. The impact
hurled him backward and he fell in a limp
heap in the narrow runway between rail
and cabin bulkhead. His knife clattered
away musically.

 “Sydney!” he gasped. “No Sydney
for-”

  Port Light and Elephant Joe came rush-
ing aft.

  Captain Stranlow, now with a big auto-
matic in each hand, waved a weapon menac-
ingly in the direction of Phil Jones and the
two sailors.

  “Stay for’ard, you two!” bawled Stranlow.

  “What’d you shoot him for?” demanded
Phil Jones.

  “For’ard yourself, mister!” cried Stran-
low. “Keep ’em off my deck! I don’t want
any piracy aboard me!”

  Phil, seeing the skipper’s gun on him,
backed away, waiting for Fenton to do
something. And Fenton was watching his
chance to grasp one of those wavering
pistols, which swung about in a wide arc
crazily—dangerous to Fenton.

  Phil knew something had gone wrong.
There was no time to think—it was a mo-
ment in which more was happening than
either Phil or Fenton had looked for.

  “For’ard! For’ard!” yelled Phil to the
two who rushed upon him from the break
of the deck.

  He threw up his hands and waved them
back. They understood that he meant what
he said. The gasping figure of Toady under-
foot stunned them, and the sound of the
shot from Stranlow’s pistol gave them proof
enough—if the boatswain’s body did not—
that they had lost the first skirmish for
possession of the schooner. For neither
Phil nor Fenton had a firearm.

  They hung in stays a minute, too amazed
to obey Phil’s order promptly. And gazing
aft, they saw what Phil saw as he turned aft
to distract the attention of the skipper so
that Fenton could do the work that was
needed—an attack on Stranlow from be-
hind.

  “Mister, get them men aft!” warned
Stranlow once more. His back now was
partly to Fenton, and Phil Jones drew his
breath quickly, seeing that the chance was
open—and Fenton might miss it.

  A figure darted from the wheel—the
native helmsman. Just as Fenton lurched
forward to grasp a pistol from Stranlow’s
hand, the native struck. There was a dull
sound to the blow—a smack. It caught
Fenton alongside the head, low, near the
neck. The Dude dropped like a pole-axed
steer.

  The helmsman stepped back to his wheel
170

Adventure

and gave the schooner a spoke or two, and
steadied her on her course.

  “Mister—you git forward! Drive them
men to the waist!” and he sent a shot over
Phil’s head.

  “Blast you, get for’ard!” roared Phil now.
He fled from before Stranlow, knowing that
for the time being they had lost. The only
hope was that Fenton, knocked senseless,
might have a chance to begin the attack
anew later. It appeared that the helmsman
had lost his head and, volunteering to aid
his skipper, had struck down the guest of
the schooner by mistake. It was plain
enough to Phil that the skipper could not be
aware that his new mate was hand in glove
with the new crew, else why had Stranlow
fired that second shot into the air.

  “If he was on, he’d have pinked me along
with Toady,” reasoned Phil, as he swung his
arms and thumped Port Light and Elephant
Joe forward, pretending to rain blows on
them. “Get for’ard you swine! How many
times you need the tellin’? Who called you
aft? For’ard, I say!”

  “We ain’t done nothin’,” wailed Elephant
Joe.

  “You wait till you’re called for, and-”

  As the three of them stumbled down the
steps from the quarterdeck, they found
themselves assailed in an unexpected am-
bush. The whole native crew was out on
deck, and had huddled behind the bulkhead
of the main-cabin. From that vantage spot,
they hurled themselves upon the three, and
with iron belaying pins battered the three
men to their knees.

  Not one of the trio had a chance to use
their knives. A dozen of the despised native
sailors were upon them like a hurricane out
of a clear sky. The three were borne down
to the deck from all quarters, beaten and
clawed with vicious energy and blinding,
smothering effect.

  Elephant Joe called for help, evidently
thinking that he alone was beset. “You
Phil! You Phil man!” came the muffled
tones of the big black from the mass of
flying pins and waving arms and trampling
feet.

  Phil Jones fought as best he could, blinded
by blood from his eyes, and barely conscious
as he swayed upward to his knees, only to
go down again. Vaguely, he knew that Joe
had made a mistake in calling him by name.
Captain Stranlow might hear his black cook
pleading for help—by the mate’s first name.

In those cries for help from the big black,
the skipper might grasp the key to the
situation, and realize that all his crew were
leagued against him. That would be
piracy—and black ruin! That was the final
thought of Phil Jones as he sank unconscious
under the pack of bare brown feet and the
blows that flattened him to the planking.

XII

WHEN Fenton became aware of
the fact that he was once more
in the land of the living, he could
hear vague and .dreamy voices.
They seemed far in the distance, and there
was a roaring noise that blurred the words
and left them without meaning. And his
head ached with a violence that was beyond
bearing.

  The voices grew fainter—and the Dude
fell back again into a merciful uncon-
sciousness.

  Again he wavered on the borderline of
that vague world where voices could be
heard. He managed to get his eyes open.
Above him was a whirling planet that swam
in a sky of yellow brilliance. It must be the
moonlight, he thought. But the moon
should not be a black blob swinging un-
certainly back and forth across the sky.

  He decided that what he took for the
moon must be the swinging lamp in the
main-cabin of the Untong. He could not
be on deck. He had been brought below.
And something had gone wrong—dis-
astrously wrong. Just what it was, he had
no way of knowing. His head was a frenzy
of pain.

  He was on his back—on a transom-seat
that ran athwartships on one side of the
companionway leading to the quarterdeck.
His face turned away from the bulkhead,
for he wanted to see who was talking. It
sounded like Stranlow’s voice, quiet and
matter-of-fact in spite of some terrific
things that had happened.

  He closed his eyes against the pain that
the light of the lamp only made worse.
But Fenton wanted to see—and he took the
extra pain in order to look.

  There was Stranlow, sitting at the cabin
table. There was a mess of stuff spread out
on the cloth. And Stranlow was speaking
in low tones to somebody. He spoke
soothingly, and then Fenton became aware
of a low sobbing sound.
King of the Beachcombers

171

  Making an effort to remember, he sud-
denly realized that the sobbing sounded
strangely like the singing of Elephant Joe.
But the big black would not be in the main-
cabin. That was too puzzling for Fenton
to reason out for the moment. He closed
his eyes again to think.

  “Elephant Joe got hurt—in the fight,
that’s it! And Stranlow has brought him
into the main-cabin to look after the black’s
hurt. That means Stranlow can’t under-
stand that we’re working together against
him—and Toady—but what’s become of
Toady? Did I see him shot? And what
happened to me?”

  He groaned and lapsed into unconscious-
ness. He did not know how long he was
lost to the little world of the main-cabin
with its swinging lamp. But when he re-
covered again, he heard Stranlow giving
quiet orders to the native serang—and talk-
ing the native lingo.

  Elephant Joe was sobbing noisily. Stran-
low’s voice soothed him.

  “Now tell me where you got this money
I took from your pockets,” urged Stranlow.

  “Ah gits that money fo’ a job I has in a
plantation,” replied the big black, from
where he lay on a side transom near the
table.

  “And they paid you off in British notes,
Dutch paper, and American money, eh?”
pressed Stranlow.

  “That’s right, boss,” said Elephant. He
checked his sobbing now, eager to set him-
self right with the skipper.

  “And the money the mate has—and this
other man you call Port Light? Did they
get paid in the same money?”

  “Same way, boss.”

 “And Mr. Fenton, there? Did he get
paid off in the same way?”

  “How I knows how Mr. Fenton gits his
money, suh? I ain’t no banker man for
that swell.”

  “Mr. Fenton had a lot more money than
you did. See that pile there? It came from
Mr. Fenton’s pockets. And a great deal of
it is folded in the same way that your money
has been folded. How do you account for
that?”

  “I don’t know nothin’ about his money,”
said Elephant.

 “Didn’t you get this money from Mr.
Fenton?”

 “No, suh! How come Mr. Fenton be
payin’ me?”

  "That’s something for you to answer, not
me. I asked you if you didn’t get it from
Mr. Fenton.”

  “Not me, no suh!”

  “How do you account for the fact that
the money you have, and the money the
mate had, and the money Port Light had—
is all folded the same way?”

  “I don’t know nothin’ about this, Cap’n,
suh.”

  “Well, I do,” said Stranlow. “About
eighteen hundred dollars that I took off Mr.
Fenton is marked—and a total of about two
hundred taken from you, the dead cockney,
Port Light, and the mate—is all marked the
same way.”

  “Ma’ked! How come, ma’lced, Cap’n
boss? Ah don’t know what you is talk
about, at all, no suh!”

  “This is what I’m talking about. Mr.
Fenton got a little more than two thousand
dollars somewhere. And he gave you and

the others about two hundred of it, so-”

  “Git’s what, Cap’n?” demanded the
amazed Elephant Joe.

  “I said Mr. Fenton got two thousand

dollars some-”

  “Mah land!” cried Elephant Joe. “He

gits so much! And he holds out on us-”

  “Go on,” urged Stranlow. “You were
saying something.”

  “Ah got no mo’ to say, cap’n. Ah don’t
know what you talks about.”

  “Oh, yes, you do,” said Stranlow. “You
talked with Mr. Bentley awhile back, and
you had a fairly good idea of what you were
talking about. Now, don’t try to fool me

any more, and-”

  “Bentley! That nigger never talked with
Bentley!” broke in Fenton weakly. He
realized that Elephant Joe was giving away
facts which were dangerous.

  “Oh, Mr. Fenton has joined our little
party,” came a voice from the shadows in
the corner of the cabin.

  It was the voice of Bentley!

  Fenton groaned. He knew there must be
something wrong with his head, if he
thought Bentley, who had warned him
against Outridge back in the Kota Baiun,
could be aboard the Untong.

  “Maybe a drop of something stimulating
would loosen his tongue,” went on Bentley’s
voice.

  Fenton moved his head to look into the
shadows. As the swinging lamp threw a
splash of yellowish light into the corner,
172

Adventure

it revealed the figure of the big planter,
sitting on a transom and smoking a cigar.

  Fenton gathered himself to get on his feet.
He tried to throw up a hand and steady him-
self on the bulkhead behind him. But the
hand refused to go where Fenton wanted
to put it—and he found that his wrists were
bound with strong cord.

  He gave a muffled cry of sudden fear—
and terror. He knew some trap had been
sprung, though just how it had been set, he
could not fathom at the moment. He fell
back again on the cushions of the transom,
aghast at what had happened. He was
sickened anew by the thought that he was
helpless.

“WE DON’T need any informa-
tion from Mr. Fenton,” said Cap-
tain Stranlow quietly. “Let him
■" come to, if he likes—but this
money of Outridge’s from his belt and
the pockets of his men, sews up the lot
of ’em.

  “Besides, there’s a charge of piracy in a
British vessel that’ll hold ’em. As for the
money, it’s plain that Fenton only gave the
others a small part of what he got from
Outridge, and kept some eighteen hundred

himself, so-”

  “Ah tole ’em you never split that money
fair!” burst out Elephant Joe, shaking his
fist at Fenton. “You calls yo’self a dude!
You says as how you plays fair with us boys,
that he’ped you fool the Dutchers! And
what does I git fo’ what I done! Ah goes
and gits mahself all hampered up wid these
’ere yaller niggers what strangles mah neck
wid fish-net ropes so Ah cain’t fight ’em
none! Me! Ah thinks Ah’ll go and git
mahself rich from listenin’ at yo’ sma’t
talkin’ about how you fools them Dutchers
stealin’ off’n ’em at that ho-tel, and what
does Ah git? Ah gits mahself in jail! Yo’
is a sma’t white man, Mr. Dude! Yo’ ain’t
so sma’t as a baby mud-turtle!”

  “Mr. Fenton has been injured. Don’t be
hard on him,” said Stranlow.

  “/w-jured! Does I care? Me, Ah’m
ruined! No, suh! Mr. Fenton, Ah don’
worry none about you! Look at what
Toady gits! He gits his liver blowed off
wid a gun! All from listenin’ at you talk
sma’t! Ah wished you was stabbed in so
many places the stabs would run together
in one big stab, and yo’d be nothin’ but a
hole in the air aroun’ yo’.”

  “You seem to have a grudge against Mr.
Fenton,” remarked Stranlow.

  “Ah got the grudgiest grudge what any-
body could have, Cap’n! What I gits for
listenin’ at that man? Look at me? Now
is the only time Ah got to talk—when I gits
in front of that Dutcher judge, he won’t
know what is mah remarks. Me! Ah thinks
Ah’s goin’ home! What I’ll do is be in a
Dutcher jail as long Ah fergits me where I
comes from—and Ah’ll have to do the
cheffin’ for that sma’t man what gits me in
it, and if Ah don’ pizen him, Ah——”

  “Oh, shut up!” broke in a weary voice.
It was Phil Jones, where he lay on the deck
under Fenton’s transom-seat—like a trussed
goose. “Nobody wants to hear you talk.”
“Ah gits mah say!” retorted Elephant
Joe. “Ah is just a fool black man, but Ah
got sense enough to know when we is done,
if you not. Ah been listenin’ at what these
gen’lemen says, and Ah knows how down
Ah is. Tuck in mah toes, and let me sleep—
Ah is a sick coon, and mah comfort is
fractured.”

  “If you don’t mind, Captain Stranlow,
just what has happened? I’ve been listening
to that crazy black talk, and it means noth-
ing to me,” said Fenton.

  “You is about ready to git the meanin’,”
said Elephant Joe. “And what is mo’, dude
man, it makes you awful sick. Don’t you
be too hongry for meanin’s—you gits
a-plenty.”

  “There’s little to explain,” said Stranlow.
“You men were up the beach, just over the
line of Dutch territory. Mr. Hoi of the
hotel couldn’t do much, and didn’t want to
get in any argument with the British. That
morning you were in the bar—Mr. Hoi and
myself were aware that you were there—
we talked about the fifty thousand that had
arrived for me in the Palembang. It was
only a bait—there was no fifty thousand.”
“What’s that got to do with me?” asked
Fenton.

  “Nothing much. But we rather think it
had a lot to do for us.”

  “That may be your opinion, but your
opinions don’t interest me. I’ve heard a
lot of talk about my money, and the money
you’ve taken from these sailors. I don’t see
the connection at all. You’ve taken my
money out of my pockets, I understand—
I’d appreciate it if you’d put it back.”

  “It isn’t your money,” said Stranlow.
  “That’s something you’ll have to prove,
King of the Beachcombers

173

or I’ll put you in the courts, Captain.”
“I think I can prove it, but I’m no hurry
about that little detail,” said Stranlow.

  “All right,” said Fenton. “I’m in your
hands, it seems. But I don’t quite under-
stand what Mr. Bentley’s doing here. Just
what does it all mean?”

  “Simple enough. This vessel was a black-
birder, and was captured by the British.
We use it for little cruises out of S’pore
these days.”

  “ ‘We?’ Who is ‘we,’ if I might take the
liberty of asking?”

  “Myself, Mr. Bentley, and Mr. Out-
ridge.”

  “Outridge! Oh, so you’re in with Out-
ridge, eh? How does that happen?”

  “Mr. Outridge is the man you robbed in
the Kota Baiun.”

  “7 robbed him! What are you driving
at? You know a Malay boy robbed him.”
“I’m not so sure of that. The money you
took from Mr. Outridge’s belt was—marked.
And the money taken from you and your
men is the same identical money.”

  Fenton gave a gasp of startled amaze-
ment. For the first time he began to grasp
something of just what had happened to
him.

  “How do you know this is Mr. Outridge’s
money?”

  “Because Mr. Outridge says so himself. —
Oh, Outridge! Will you step in from the
galley a minute. I want you to meet a
friend of yours—a Mr. Fenton, sometimes
known as the ‘King of the Beachcombers.’ ”
Outridge appeared in the galley passage,
and smiled in at Fenton.

  “Hello, there! Thought I was full of Ah
Sam’s dope, eh, when you lifted my belt.
Well, I wasn’t, and as my money was
marked, and you and your men had it in
your clothes, I rather think I can prove it’s
my money. We’ll wait until we get to
S’pore, however, to give you all the facts.”
“But—but Bentley—said you were a
card-sharper,” gasped Fenton. “He warned
me against you, when-”

  “Mr. Bentley didn’t warn you enough,
I’m afraid,” said Outridge. “I hate to
criticise my chief, but I was far more dan-
gerous than you supposed.”

  “Chief?”

  “Yes. My. Bentley is an inspector of
the Singapore police. Mr. Stranlow—beg
your pardon, Skipper—Captain Stranlow is
also connected with the police, and I’m an
humble employee of the same department.”
“Ah craves to ask one question, suh,”
said Elephant Joe.

  “Ask it,” said Stranlow.

  ‘Fo’ what does I have to go to jail, iffen
this Dude Fenton done the stealin’? Ah
can’t hold his hands while he’s away f’om
me nights.”

  “Oh, we haven’t any theft charge against
you,” said Stranlow. “Except, maybe, hav-
ing stolen money in your possession. The
charge against all of you will be piracy—or
attempted piracy—on a British vessel. That
makes it simpler to hold you—and that’s
why we waited until you did something
aboard here. The crew, you see, are all
native police—and well trained to handle
any case that arises. Naturally, you had
little chance to actually commit piracy in
the Untong—but you tried hard enough so I
think the charge will stand.”

  There was silence for a few minutes.

  “Ah craves to ask one mo’ question, suh?”
  “Ask it.”

  “This here jail what we’re goin’ to—is
that jail you done got picked out fo’ us all,
a English jail?”

  “British, of course,” said Stranlow, with
a smile.

  “It’s not so powerful bad as it might be,”
went on the big black. “Ah can be happy if
folks knows what Ah says—and they can
listen at mah singin’. Ah shore been in bad
company. But the last thing Ah looks to
git jugged fo’ is piracy-stuff. No, suh! Ah
never intended mahself fo’ to be 110 pirate.
No suh! Now Ah gits me some sleep.”

  And Elephant joe turned over and fell
into slumber.
THE CAMP-FIRE

A Free-to-All
^ Meeting Place For
Stgeaders Writers and
Adventurers

   Our Camp-Fire came into being May 5, 1912, with our June issue, and since then
its fire has never died down. Many have gathered about it and they are of all classes
and degrees, high and low, rich and poor, adventurers and stay-at-homes, and from all
parts of the earth. Some whose voices we used to know have taken the Long Trail
and are heard no more, but they are still memories among us, and new voices are
heard, and welcomed.

   We are drawn together by a common liking for the strong, clean things of out-of-
doors, for word from the earth’s far places, for man in action instead of caged by cir-
cumstance. The spirit of adventure lives in all men; the rest is chance.

   But something besides a common interest holds us together. Somehow a real com-
radeship has grown up among us. Men can not thus meet and talk together without
growing into friendlier relations; many a time does one of us come to the rest for facts
and guidance; many a close personal friendship has our Camp-Fire built up between
two men who had never met; often has it proved an open sesamej between strangers
in a far land.

   Perhaps our Camp-Fire is even a little more. Perhaps it is a bit of leaven working
gently among those of different station toward the fuller and more human understand-
ing and sympathy that will some day bring to man the real democracy and brotherhood
he seeks. Few indeed are the agencies that bring together on a friendly footing so many
and such great extremes as here. And we are numbered by the hundred thousand now.

   If you are come to our Camp-Fire for the first time and find you like the things we
like, join us and find yourself very welcome. There is no obligation except ordinary
manliness, no forms or ceremonies, no dues, no officers, no anything except men and
women gathered for interest and friendliness. Your desire to join makes you a member.

CAMP-FIRE does go out and
hunt them up when they seem to
have got lost in the world in gen-
eral. One of you inquired about
Didier Masson, whom he had heard was
dead. Here are three comrades replying
and one of them expects to produce Didier
Masson alive and well, while another is
pretty sure Tommy Dean is alive in Cali-
fornia.	Miranda, Cuba.

  About December, 1913, Masson arrived in Los
Mochis, Sinaloa; his plane arrived by military train,
at San Bias (Sin.), was switched over on the K C M
& 0 and sent to Topolobampo.

  At that time the gunboat Tampico was flying the
“Constitutionalista” flag—how the Tampico crew
revolted in Guyamas harbor and brought the boat
to Topo is another story.

  Shortly after the arrival of the Tampico in Topo
two of her guns were installed on the mountains
commanding the entrance to the port.

  Several days later the Guerrero and Morelos, fly-
ing the “Federal” flag, showed up and dropped an-
chor just off the bar near the entrance of the harbor.

  On the large level stretches just behind a low
range of mountains Masson had his plane; a better
landing or take-off field no one could desire. The
first flight was somewhat a surprize to the Guerrero

and Morelos and not a shot was fired as Masson
came over the mountains and headed out toward the
gunboats.

  Three bombs were dropped, one failing to explode,
one missing widely its mark, the other splashing
water on the Morelos. A little later on in the day the
Tampico steamed out to the entrance of the harbor
and a lively exchange of shots occurred but with no
damage to either side.

  Thereafter for a period of several days early in the
morning up would go Masson, but after the first day
he was met with a lively fire from the time his plane
showed over the mountains. However it was never
for more than a few minutes, because as he gained
altitude, the guns could not be brought to bear on the
plane due to not having elevation sufficient, and in
those days anti-aircraft guns were unknown. Usu-
ally from 12 to 15 shots were fired.

  The second day’s practise at bombing resulted in
three clean misses, but on the third day the bombs
landed uncomfortably close and at the same time a
few shots from the 5-inch guns on the mountains
caused the Guerrero and Morelos to up anchor and
away. From Topo, Masson went to Hermosillo
and later to Nogales. After that we lost track of
him until word reached us that he had been shot
down in France.

  Deane, of whom ABC speaks, we did not know.

  While on the subject of war and Mexico perhaps
some of the Camp-Fire members will recall “The last
trip of the Steamer Mazatlan.” It was some trip,

174
The Camp-Fire

175

believe me, and will make interesting reading.—
Wallace Montgomery.

Punta Gorda, Toledo District,
Central America.

  A relative of mine residing at Puerto Barrios in
Guatemala sent me a copy of Adventure for the
month of February, 1925. I notice inquiries being
made for one Didier Masson, a Frenchman. The
episode mentioned by the writer, together with
many others relating to his war service on the West-
ern Front in France, I have heard from Masson him-
self. He was what is known as a “French Ace,” and
had the Croix de Guerre and I think the Legion of
Honor medals, besides other decorations. The
writer states he has heard he is dead, and was killed
in France. I can assure the inquirer that he is not.
I last saw him at Orange Walk in the northern part
of this Colony in 1923, and at the present time, to
the best of my knowledge, he is engaged commercial-
ly in the El Cayo District, i. e.; the Western District.

  I am, at the first opportunity, sending this par-
ticular copy of your magazine for his information.
—I. Taylor.

Tucson, Ariz.

  This is in answer to A B C’s inquiry about Did-
ier Masson and Tommy Dean. I knew them both
from the time Gen. Pesqueira (then acting governor
of Sonora) brought them to Mexico, together with
the Curtis biplane, which had to be smuggled across
the line.

'T'HE bombs mentioned were the invention of
Dean, who lost the part of one finger in his ex-
perimenting. Tommy Dean was a cracker-jack
aeroplane mechanic and had never done any flying
previous to General Obregon’s besieging Guaymas.
That plane was very different from those used today.
It had two seats rigged in front of the wings, with
nothing in front to break the wind, and in fact noth-
ing underneath them but a sort of basket seat and
a narrow foot-rest. The operator sure had an un-
obstructed view, by leaning over a little one could
see under the plane. One day Masson asked Dean
to get in the other seat, lean over and watch to see if
the bombs struck anything while he taxied down the
field, before Dean realized what had happened he
was up in the air. After that he flew regularly with
Masson.

U AVING no protection from the wind and it be-
ing before the days of special clothing, they
bundled themselves up in whatever clothing they
had. On the day mentioned when they had to make
their forced landing at Empalme and with Gen.
Ojeda coming out of Guaymas with a train full of
soldiers to take them prisoners, Dean stopped at the
plane long enough to break and tear away his gas-
controls, trying to leave the machine in such shape
that Gen. Ojeda could not use it. Then they both
beat it for their camp some 12 or 14 kilometers away,
shedding their extra clothing as they went. Both of
them expected Gen. Ojeda would shoot them if they
were caught, so discarded their clothing regardless.
Dean had spent some four or five hundred dollars for
repair parts, etc., and the Vouchers for this money
were in his coat that he threw away to get in good
running shape. He told me afterward that he had
a dickens of a time collecting this money, as acting
Governor Randall at first refused to reimburse
him because he could not produce the vouchers.

Well, they kept going until they ran into Col. Tru-
jillo with a troop of cavalry who came to their rescue.

By the way, Col. Trujillo lost one man in this rescue.
The Mexican who told me about it said the poor fel-
low stuck his head out just in time to have it carried
away by a cannon-ball.

  After they met Col. Trujillo they went back over
the way they had just come. They discovered ser-
eral barbed wire fences they had passed, but neither
could remember if they had gone through or over
them, the surprizing fact to them both was that nei-
ther had tom his clothes.

A FTER [Gen. Ojeda was forced to evacuate Guay-
mas they continued with Gen. Obregon on his
march via Mazatlan that finally wound up in Mexico
City. Masson became fed up with his job and re-
signed, coming back to Hermosillo where he em-
barked in the commision business. When the war
broke out in Europe, he went to France, serving first
in the infantry. Later he was transferred to the air
service and I am told was one of the organizers of the
Lafayette Squadron. Subsequently he was ordered
to the United States, I believe as an instructor at one
of our Aviation Camps. They tell me he was killed
through some accident while flying at one of our
Camps. Masson learned to fly in France where he
was known as the “Rubber-man” on account of the
various spills he had while learning to fly.

  Tommy Dean stayed with the Mexican Army for
some time. He was in charge of their planes at
Mexico City under a Col. Salmas (who was also a
flyer and a nephew of Gen. Carranza). Later he
quit, came to the States and got married. He went
to San Francisco, took his examination and got his
license as an air pilot; when the United States went
into the War he was foreman of an Aeroplane factory
in either Rhode Island or New Jersey; I do not re-
member which State it was but I have the impression
that he worked in both States. I know he built
planes for our Government all during the War. I
have not heard from him for several years, but be-
lieve him to be still alive. He had a brother in Cali-
fornia and I think his father also fives there. He in-
troduced me to him in Nogales and he was then on
his way to California.

  Dean was a British subject and was born, I think,
in New Zealand. He is probably an American citi-
zen by this time.—F. E. Stevens.

A SOLDIER of fortune par ex-
cellence, Sam Dreben, is dead
and Camp-Fire stands to salute
him and wish him God-speed over
the Last Trail.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

  The Camp-Fire: For the benefit of a pessimistic
few who seem inclined to believe that Adventure
and Romance is dead, I am enclosing a clipping from
a coast newspaper announcing the death of Sam
Dreben, the “Fighting Jew,” whose career as adven-
turer and soldier of fortune makes all others seem
tame by comparison.—L. T. Rosenvall.

 HOLLYWOOD, Calif., March 16.—(AP)—Fear-
less Sam Dreben, internationally known for his
dare-deviltries on a score of battlefields; American
World War hero, and soldier of fortune in a dozen
176

4

Adventure

revolutions; filibusterer with Villa and friend of
Pershing, will be buried today.

 LOS ANGELES, March 16—(US)—there died
here yesterday, a most famous border character of
recent years—Sam Dreben, the “Fighting Jew.”

  A heart overstrained by adventures such as few
men meet gave way and Dreben died suddenly, as
he would have chosen, leaving a name for quiet
courage unexcelled in the annals of the southwest.

  Although the “Fighting Jew” was but 47, he had
packed into those years enough of danger and ro-
mance to cover a score of lifetimes. Intimate of
Pancho Villa, companion of Lee Christmas and
Tracey Richardson and chief of scouts for Pershing in
Texas, Dreben’s name, on both sides of the line, was
one with which to conjure. He carried Uncle Sam’s
musket in the Boxer rebellion, the Spanish-American
war and the Philippine insurrection, earning the rep-
utation of a remarkable soldier.

  And in the World War he ran true to form. As top
sergeant in the 36th (Texas division) he received" the
accolade from General Pershing of being “one of the
bravest men in the American army.”

  It was for capturing a machine gun nest and kill-
ing 14 Germans singlehanded, that he received the
distinguished Service Cross, the Croix de Guerre
and the Military medal.

  Dreben made a considerable fortune at one time
in Mexican mining properties. His intimate ac-
quaintance with the country, acquired while he
served on a machine gun for Villa and acted as his
sub-purchasing agent, afforded him an opportunity
to capitalize his knowledge when the border became
semi-pacified. He was said to be the only American
ever really trusted by the picturesque Mexican
chieftain.

  But money meant little to him and his modest
competence was dissipated during several years of
semi-retirement at El Paso. He was an insurance
salesman in Los Angeles at the time of his death.

  Dreben’s last exploit was his attemped capture of
“little Phil” Alguin, notorious Los Angeles desperado
who was in hiding in Juarez. In company with
Louis Oaks, then chief of police of Los Angeles, he
headed an expedition to kidnap Alguin, wanted for
murder, and bring him to the American side. Alguin
was captured but a riot ensued before they could
hurry him across the line and the American party
had difficulty in escaping with their lives.

WOULDN’T you know that he’d be

_ only a top sergeant in our hurriedly

built A. E. F.? Quite possibly they started
this experienced soldier as a private, and
quite possibly those who started him had
never even heard a shot fired in anger.
His friend Tracey Richardson, heaven
knows, had a hard enough time getting
even elementary recognition of his military
experience even after he’d added commis-
sioned service with the Canadians in the
World War to his already strong record,
with a commission as colonel or lieuten-
ant-colonel waiting for him in Canada if
he couldn’t make his own country let him
serve her as he was qualified to serve. He

made a fight for it and at last forced
them to give him an examination the result
of which compelled them to give him what
was his due.

  And two other comrades, commissioned
officers in the British flying corps, both with
service at the front and one with three or
four German planes to his official credit—
when we went into the war they came back
to serve their own country, and were they
allowed to? Neither one could get a job as
pilot or observer, despite their credentials.
Turned down by men who’d never even seen
war and who couldn’t do even elementary
flying. Jealousy, I suppose, or red tape
carried to the point of utter madness—at a
time when this country had practically no
aviators with anything like the experience
needed at the front. One pompous fool on
Long Island finally allowed one of these two
Camp-Fire comrades to go up with him and
be tested out. But the tester didn’t know
enough flying to do even his own part—our
comrade had to “take the stick and bring
the buss to the ground.” So they offered
him a ground job. And he went elsewhere,,
his then invaluable experience lost to his
country.

  At bottom it’s the same kind of pettiness,
red tape, bureaucracy, jealousy, politics and
utter lack of patriotism and horse-sense that
showed so often in the proceedings that re-
sulted in the removal of General Mitchell
from his place in our air force.

A BIT out of a letter from Tom
L. Mills of “Ask Adventure”
concerning one of our Camp-Fire
i buttons:

Feilding, New Zealand.

  . . . That same adventurer told me that when
he was touring to Wild West (and wet) Coast of
New Zealand’s South Island (where the coal and
gold come from) an old man slapt him on the shoul-
der. pointed to the Adventure button and exclaimed:

  ‘ I’m one of them! Come and have a drink
with me!”

  And they had several, talking the while of “Camp-
Fire” and Adventure writers.—Tom L. Mills.

AS TO why cow-punchers don’t
eat. In connection with his story
in this issue Walter J. Cobum,
speaking from experience, tells us
something about their little ways in real
life lest some of us think he was careless
in his fiction:
The Camp-Fire

177

                                    Carmel, Calif.
To them that ain’t Longhorns: Mebbeso some of
you, reading “Paid Oft,” thinks “That Tad and
Shorty couple sure miss a lot of meals. Why don’t
they pack a lunch along?”

  Put the question to some white-haired old cow-
waddie and watch him grin, slow like, and shake his
head.

  “Lunch packin’ goes fer sheep-herders,” he’ll tell
you. “A cow puncher’ll piece out on crick water
and a cigaret. Fer why? Darned if I know, son.
He figgers it’s sorter weak-like to pack a lunch. In a
tight, he might have a handfull uh jerkie in his
pocket. No more.”

T ’VE ridden day after [day, week after week, from
daylight till dark without my noonday meal.
Pulling bog, riding fence, hunting horses, etc. This
is during the seasons between round-ups, sabe.
Round-up time brings a man close to the mess-
wagon at noon time. Not because the captain
wants to throw grub into his men, but because the
round-up ground is naturally close to camp where
the beef herd is held.

  No, folks, a cow-puncher won’t pack a lunch no
more than he’ll put on a slicker until he’s darn sure
the rain’s plumb wet and is going to hang on for a
few hours. I’ve seen half a dozen cow-punchers,
all with a slicker tied to their saddles, get soaked
while they waited for one of the bunch to weaken
and untie that water-shedder from his hull. Why?
Quien sabe?

  Therefore, friends, don’t jump my frame for not
feeding my heroes regular. They’re the breed of
humans that’d walk two miles to catch a horse in
order to ride half a mile. Cow-puncher pride, I
reckon you’d call it if you are tolerant. There’s
them that might have harsher terms for it.—
Walter J. Coburn.

      J *

^*30® FROM Leonard H. Nason some
:	^acts concerning the history back

Haggirj of his serial beginning in this issue.

          Qjd soldiers, if they have not al-
ready run across it, will be interested in the
seven-year record of Ligoniers Regiment
of Horse.

  In this story Mr. Nason takes up what is
for him an entirely new line. I’ve already
warned you that his field is not limited to
the war and the sea.

  The journal of Hugh Bancroft, a trooper in
Ligonier’s Regiment of Horse, begins somewhat
abruptly at the battle of Dettingen, June, 1743.
This battle, strangely enough, took place between
two nations, the French and the English, who were
not at war with each other.

HPHE Emperor Charles VI of Austria died in 1740,
leaving but one child, a daughter, Maria
Theresa. The elector of Bavaria, a cousin, claimed
the throne of Austria, and was supported by Fred-
erick II of Prussia. The French were allies of the
Prussians, and in this capacity encountered British
troops who were supporting the claims of Maria

  12

against all comers. The battle of Dettingen was
the only one of the campaign of 1743, and war was
not declared between France and England until
the following March.

  Ligonier’s Regiment had an exceptional history.
In seven years of war they never lost a man or
horse to the enemy, never had officer or man tried
by general courtmartial, had thirty-five troopers
commissioned from the ranks, and lost only seven
men by disease. It can be seen from this record
that Ligonier’s troopers were exceptional men and
it is therefore not remarkable that a man of Hugh
Bancroft’s education and antecedents should be
serving as a common soldier in the ranks of such a
regiment.—“Steamer” (Leonard H. Nason).

TO THOSE who do not know our

• .. . magazine or the type of people
who gather at our Camp-Fire it
would probably be a great sur-
prize that an argument concerning the
character of Julius Caesar, started by Talbot
Mundy at one meeting, pretty well occupied
another full meeting, comes up again in
force at this one and may very well continue
at future ones.

  The following editorial from the Brocton
(Mass.) Times, restating part of Mr.
Mundy’s theories, is a good opener for the
present session.

  Talbot Mundy, who has some reputation as a
writer of historical fiction, has a story dealing with
Julius Caesar in a recent number of Adventure in
which he gives a different impression of the great
Roman than that usually current, and says regard-
ing it:

  “In the first place, I don’t believe he wrote his
Commentaries. Many commentators agree with
him on that point. His secretary did. Most of it
is in the third person, but here and there the first
person creeps in, showing where Caesar edited the
copy, which was afterward, no doubt, transcribed
by a slave who did not dare to do any re-editing.

  “The statement is frequently made that Caesar
must be accurate, because all other Roman histo-
rians agree with him. But they all copied from
him, so that argument doesn’t stand. No man who
does his own press-agenting is entitled to be ac-
cepted on his own bare word, and as Caesar was quite
an extraordinary criminal along every line but one
(he does not seem to have been a drunkard) he is
even less entitled to be believed than are most press
agents. He was an epileptic, whose fits increased in
violence as he grew older, and he was addicted to
every form of vice (except drunkenness) then
known. He habitually used the plunder of con-
quered cities for the purpose of bribing the Roman
senate; he cut off the right hands of 50,000 Gauls on
one occasion, as a mere act of retaliation; he broke
his word as often and as treacherously, as he saw
fit; and he was so vain that he ordered himself
deified and caused his image to be set in Roman
temples, with a special set of priests to burn incense
before it.”
i78

Adventure

  Most of what he writes of Caesar is true; the
greater part of it may be found in Suetonius. But
Plutarch has been followed rather than Suetonius,
and, as it has been said that the English people take
their history from Shakespeare and their religion
from Milton, so Shakespeare’s magnification of the
Roman’s character has impressed the popular
imagination.

  Yet, despite his many faults, Caesar was the
greatest Roman of them all, and should be judged
by what he accomplished rather than by any merit
or demerit in his personal character.

ONE from L. S. Hughes. As to my
“aiding, etc.,” I refer him to a more
careful reading of my original statements:

Moundsville, West Virginia.

   I write because I feel that you are unconsciously
aiding in a piece of mischievous iconoclasm. I refer
to the Troi stories.

   Recently I had to prepare a paper on the myths of
history and, while I deplored racial and national
myths, I defended personal legends of excellence
because they furnished inspiration.

   I feel that there is no question that our belief in
the magnanimity and greatness of any one is bene-
ficial, and that our modern tendency to sneer, to be-
little and to deny the good in famous men militates
against nobility.

   Do you find nothing helpful in the tale, apparently'
authentic, that Caesar ordered all enemy correspon-
dence in the camp at Pharsalia burned unread on the
ground that he did not wish to know his enemies?
It is probable that this cost him his life.

  Consider, also, that after he had shattered the
Senatorial power there was no proscription. Con-
trast this with Sulla and others who proceeded him.
If my memory serves, Sulla proscribed some
hundreds of senators and sixteen hundred equites in
one document.

  Even Anthon who bitterly assailed Caesar (see
“Anthon’s Classical Dictionary”), did so only on
the ground that he overthrew the liberties of Rome
and was ambitious. As to the former charge I think
we can agree that he was mistaken, as the liberties
had been gone for a century.

QOME of the author’s remarks are truly extraor-
dinary, such as the one denying Caesar's
authorship of the “Commentaries” on the argu-
ment that they are both the third and the first per-
son. To any one who has read much Latin this
approaches the ridiculous for the two persons were
used much as they are today in French. We know
that Aulus Hirtius wrote the latter books, it is gen-
erally believed from Caesar’s notes.

   One thing is very certain; the books were written
by a great soldier (Hirtius was one), for they form
even today a practical manual of the art of war. Do
secretaries have the insight into strategy and tac-
tics of a Master of War?

  Lechery is a favorite charge against any great
man. It has been made against many, among
them Washington and Napoleon. It was made
even against Jeanne D’Arc (consider that).

  The charge is greatly weakened by being extended
by the author to the Roman troops in general. Here
we have a definite and exact commentator who was a
Jew and a high-priest of the Jews. Josephus gives

in great detail the actions of the Romans in camp,
on the march, in battle and siege and, lastly, in the
storm of a city. He does not mention that a single
woman was molested. Is not this worth notice?

  I do not pretend that the Romans or Caesar were
purists by any manner of means but gross animalism
is not compatible with good soldiership and they
were the best of soldiers.

HPHE “Commentaries” to any student of the art
of war are a strangely modest book. Where
disaster occurred it is clearly recorded and the
reasons are given. For instance, Caesar says dis-
tinctly that when in the territory of the Belgae he
held his forces in camp awaiting a favorable oppor-
tunity because the “test skirmishes” resulted un-
favorably.

  A curious error is found in regard to the word
“Barbarian.” This carried no stigma whatsoever
and meant only those who spoke another tongue
than Latin. The word is from the Greek Barbaroi,
an imitative invention indicating meaningless
sounds. And, by the way, Caesar rarely uses it in
regard to the Gauls. He spoke Celtic and so under-
stood most of the tribes. He does use it in con-
nection with the tribes of Brittany.

QNF. more point I shall try to make before I ask
for a bit of information and close. The scene
of the fight at the landing is entirely beyond pos-
sibility. Caesar’s vivid description has only been
touched by one writer, the younger Arnold, who
has redone it excellently. The Romans lost few men
and the Aquilarius of the Tenth Legion whom Mr.
Mundy makes a swaggering, grinning brute (but
who has fired tens of thousands with the memory of
his noble cry) was not killed. Few men were lost,
because the legionary’s armor was not heavy; all
equipment and pack amounting to seventy pounds;
and because the pila hurled from the ships could
clear the landing for a sufficient distance.

   I shall be greatly obliged if you will give me the
citation of Caesar’s alleged cutting off of sword-
hands, giving book, chapter and the edition in which
it occurs. It is not in my “De Bello Gallico” and
Anthon, who was a great classicist, does not men-
tion it in his indictment of Caesar.

   I would suggest that, if you want a fair picture of
the Romans, you read Josephus. He had no cause
to love them.

  I have touched only a very few points of the
many which might be criticized in the story and in
the author’s letter, because I wish to prevent harm:
not to find fault.—L. S. Hughes.

  P.S.—Admiral Mahan, who was competent, highly
admires the Roman navy (See: “The Influence of
Sea Power on History.”)—L. S. H.

NOW this one from Hugh Pendexter. I
hate to publish it because it’s going to
make him so many bitter enemies. I can just
see the abusive letters pouring in upon him.
The insolence of the man! The ignorance!
A dangerous character and doubtless a
Bolshevik, an atheist and a downright
criminal at heart. How about a lynching
party, or at least some tar and feathers?
Iroquois indeed! Ridiculous! Why, he
The Camp-Fire

179

hasn’t any respect for anything! Sounds
as if he’d been off somewhere in a corner
thinking. A very dangerous habit. Ex-
terminate him! He’s a menace to all our
oldest and most cherished ideas that we
got from—oh well, it doesn’t matter where
we got ’em from or how. They’re ours
and it’s impudent and criminal for him to
have any opinions that don’t agree with
them.

 Again I add my N. B. to the hastily
minded, to wit: I do not endorse or attack
Mr. Pendexter’s opinions, but merely listen
to them with decency and respect for an-
other man’s opinion, hoping that they may
broaden my point of view and stimulate
me into doing some thinking of my own.
The same course and attitude are respect-
fully but not too hopefully recommended
to you of the hasty minds.

Norway, Maine.

  Caesar’s reputation is based, primarily, on his
own reports. Somewhat similar to a newspaper
account of a fight I had had, say, with a deaf-mute,
who couldn’t express himself even in the sign-
language. In such an event my opponent would
stand a fat chance so far as reputation goes. I’ve
been warned that if I say Caesar never originated
a military maneuver I’d have to back up the asser-
tion or have a dozen “on my neck.” As it would
be difficult to make a man prove such a negative
statement I’ll put it this way: What military ma-
neuver did he originate?

AS SCHOOLBOYS we learned that the Spartans
originated the phalanx. Also, that Rameses
the Great, seventeen centimes before Christ, was
the first man recorded by authentic history to col-
lect, discipline and maneuver large bodies of men as
an “army.” Egypt, consequently, was first to lead
in the art of making war. The army depended upon
its archers, afoot, in chariots, and, in a lesser degree,
cavalry. The regiments were early divided into
battalions and companies. A phalanx of twelve
men deep was used. They were directed by
trumpet and drum. Professor John Lord states
that in defensive and offensive warfare, in disci-
pline and construction of military engines, their
work was scarcely improved upon by Greeks or
Romans, or even by Europeans in the Middle Ages.
The Spartan phalanx was eight men deep. Philip
of Macedon made it sixteen men deep, and it was he
who introduced the large oval buckler and a heavier
spear. The spears were twenty-four feet long,
projecting eighteen feet beyond the front. It was
Philip who adopted the policy of standing armies
to replace militia. He borrowed from Epaminon-
das of Thebes the idea of forming columns upon a
front less than the depth and applied it to the cav-
alry. Napoleon used the same tactics in his Italian
campaign against the Austrians.

nPHE Roman soldier at his best was developed by
centuries of effort. Until the year 107 B.C.
only those strongly attached to the Republic could
serve in the army. The ten legions Caesar used in

subduing Gaul were not of Italian origin. What
new science, or trick, or tactics, did he bring to
the battlefield? He fought a primitive people
and was helped along to success because they were
“divided into three parts.”

  Anthony Wayne, equally strong in men and
similarly armed, would have gone through Caesar’s
legions like the Center College eleven through a
squad of one-legged mendicants. Wayne was a
super-drill master, and never did a brigadier plan an
assault more carefully, or take greater risks. Lee
and his generals would have run circles around
Caesar’s army. Stonewall Jackson and his two-
footed “cavalry” would have him whipped on front
and flanks before Caesar knew what was happening
to him. Grant would have broken his neck.
Froude and others have whitewashed and calcimined
Caesar and tooted his horn so loudly, and other his-
torians have followed suit in a lesser degree so persis-
tently, that the name of “Caesar” for centuries has
been a fetich. Much of it is “bunk” pure and
simple.

  In Caesar’s time the armies were filling up with
mercenaries; and no army can be great, per se, that
will sell itself to the highest bidder. Imagine such
fighting material stacking up against the spirit of
America as shown at Bunker Hill and, more notably,
at Valley Forge!

HPHE Iroquois conquered as much, if not more
country, than did Rome. The highest estimate
of the Iroquois forces is 4,500 men. Seldom if ever
did so many of the Five Nations take the field.
From Maine to the Black Hills in South Dakota,
as far south as the Tennessee River, they imposed
their will. And the most wonderful part of it is
that they had peace inside the League. Whether
a people were exterminated, or absorbed, there was
peace. They won no victories by bribing traitors.
They lost no peace by traitors. Their Federal
confederacy is the model after which our republic,
wittingly or otherwise, was formed. When the war-
riors took a red path there was no intrigue and
double-crossing back home. I maintain that the
Iroquois plane of culture and “civilization” was
far superior to that of the Roman Empire, which
bred imbecile rulers and apparently liked them that
way. There was an Idea back of the Iroquois
league which is not found in the topsy-turvy cen-
turies of treachery and political graft and intrigue
which characterized the Empire.

AS AN example of the wrong way to do it, Rome is
entitled to a place in our school histories. But let’s
have done with parroting of eulogies and encomi-
ums. Let’s teach the youngsters that no nation
without national ideals for wholesale betterment
can live. Let’s not perpetuate the tradition that
one must lead off with Caesar in naming the greatest
of military heroes. Let’s anticipate the time when
children will be taught to name Washington, Lee,
Grant, and their famous brigadiers. When Caesar
won at Thapsus, Africa, and lost only fifty men
while slaying ten thousand he won no great military
victory. He just happened upon a soft thing,
a set-up. At Petra, in 48 B.C. Pompeius had Caesar
“spiled” for all time, but paused to celebrate and let
him get away.

  And why not tell the youngsters, when they read
about the Appian Way, that the Inca under greater
difficulties built as good, probably better, roads?
i8o

Adventure

Also that the Iroquois were greater military leaders,
far superior as rulers and, along with other red
nations, produced as great orators. As organizers
either Pontiac or Tecumseh had it over Caesar, el
als, like Ringling Brothers' ten. Had Qesar’s
cohorts brought a fight to the home of the Iroquois
(the cohorts) would have died in their harness.
With all best wishes and for the truth, in so far as
we can get it, about the original Vice Kid.—
Hugh Pen.

/^\NE from H. G. Patterson, who, while
he does not agree with Mr. Mundy on
various scores, is not in the habit of swal-
lowing accepted history whole and without
doing some thinking and investigating of
his own.

Russellville, Tennessee.

  The editor and Talbot Mundy deliver a rather
free discourse on the unreliability of accepted
History with a big H. I imagine Pendexter and
Lamb would agree with you. Since I was con-
vinced long before, I suppose we can call in unani-
mous.	»

  There is one thing however, that we must not
overlook in the matter. If we go to our children
with all our doubts, various views and contradic-
tions, they would probably not get started on any
history, so I believe we have to work that study just
like we would orthodox religion; get them oriented
properly, rouse their interest, then they can look up
the loose threads themselves.

T DO not know where Mundy gets his material

  about Julius Caesar. Caesar has never been a
special study of mine, not from lack of interest, but
because my line of research jumps beyond that time
and we can not take in too much territory. How-
ever, there are some things about Caesar which came
into my studies as a by-product.

  1.	I do not believe he slew three million men in
battle or anything like it. That was about the ex-
tent of the entire Gallo-Belgic population.

  2.	For some reason and possibly correct, he is
rated a military man of the first class, but I can not
find any record of his ever being in a man’s-size
pitched battle (military history is part of my line).
Pharsalia was big only in results, with Pompey dead
on his feet and his soldiers fighting as a swarm and
not in large units. So far as any one knows for
certain, the Gauls seemed to fight only as mobs.

  3.	I don’t think Csesar ever regarded himself in
the light we shine on him, although he considered
himself first in Rome. Later propaganda gave him
the hoist. How come?

  He was the starting point of the Emperors'of old
Rome hence, the greater Julius Caesar was, that
much greater was their reflected glory. Later came
Constantine and the Popes, Christian, but deriving
their worldly authority by inheritance from Julius
Caesar. Then came the Holy Roman Empire,
Charlemagne, Otto, Frederic Barbarossa, Charles
Fifth, innumerable Popes (religion and government
were synonymous), all claiming inherited authority
from Julius Caesar. Just think of fifteen hundred
years of propaganda from Emperor and Pope; they
might fight each other’s authority but never in-
herited authority of Julius Caesar.

   4.	In regard to Caesar’s treatment of captives and

women especially, it was only the custom of the
times, neither better nor worse than the others.

‘""PROS of Samothrace" and a “secret knowledge”
in general. I was in hopes when I “faced the
East” that there might be an inner knowledge
among some people but I did not find it, although
what I found might be of use with information from
a separate source.

  The Yogi philosophy is an interesting study along
that fine but it is hard for a beginner to distinguish
the bona fide teaching of old days from the trash in-
jected by orthodoxy in later centuries; and after
you may have learned that much you can not talk
to anybody about it, for they either take you for a
time waster or, what is more probable, a D.-F.—
H. G. Patterson.

p'ROM Arthur D. Howden Smith of our
writers’ brigade, who, as you know,
has delved pretty extensively into ancient
history;

Babylon, Long Island.

  As for Caesar, my mind’s wide open. I consider
Mundy overdoes what a lawyer would call a good
case. Caesar was cruel, selfish and epileptic: he was
lustful, he may have been a degenerate (in this
connection, remember the Roman biographers were
often partisan; likewise, the world had different
moral standards then—Jesus Christ drank and en-
joyed alcohol!). But he was a great man. Mundy
sneers at his luck. Well, one lesson I’ve learned in
my life is that no man succeeds continually by luck.
Once in a while, yes. But not always. Caesar was
a consummate soldier, if nothing else, and he seems
to have envisaged the world state which Rome ulti-
mately became.

AND this brings me to the most unsound of
Mundy’s animadversions in his Camp-Fire
note: his wholesale denunciation of Rome. It
sounds like the round condemnations of everything
German we used to get several years ago. I call it
ridiculous by its lack of restraint. Rome wrought
evil, yes. It also wrought good. Despite the
peculiar failings of Romans as individuals and as a
people, the world actually progressed under the
Empire and the best evidence of that is the utter
failure of civil forces which followed the Empire’s
collapse.

  Mind you, I’m not going to make Mundy’s mis-
take and give Rome a clean slate. But let me sug-
gest that any fair-minded man do this: Read up on
the history of any of the empires preceding Rome or
contemporaneous with Rome. Then say whether
the world would have done better, given all the cir-
cumstances of the times, the state of human society,
the extent of human knowledge, under any other
known power. Carthage? No. The Hellenistic
empires in Asia Minor and Egypt? No. The
Persian or other Asiatic monarchies? No. The
Greeks? I don’t think so. In recent years we have
learned more about the utter depravity of the Greek
decadence, a decadence much more sinister than
that of Rome, certainly in Caesar’s time.

HPHE charge of materialism falls of its own weight.

     Unfortunately, the great majority of people in
this world can only be swayed by materialism.
We have to work with the tools available. So did
The Camp-Fire

181

the Romans. What’s more, they didn’t turn the
world into materialistic channels. It was there
already. And another thing, there’s a lot of bunk
about mysteries; of course, its perfectly fair for
Mundy to exploit ’em for story-purposes, but he’s
simply using his imagination when he hooks up
Druids with Samothrace, etc. The mystery which
really became worldwide was the Mithraic, and that
was a religion, as well as a mystery, with a special
appeal to men. None of those old mysteries, with
a wide appeal, reckoned on women to any extent—
which is an indication of their essential limitation.
(I underscore “wide” to save myself from being
jumped on because of the lewd Greek mysticism
which never reached western Europe.)

TpO SUM up. If there is any Great Plan in this
universe of ours, it is manifest that Rome had
a definite part in it. For Rome laid the groundwork
of the world we know, and, personally, however
dissatisfied I am with this world, I refuse to believe
it should be scrapped for its shortcomings. The
chart of human endeavors shows a steady upcurve
from the first glint of reason amongst the Stone
Age folk; occasionally it dips down for a generation
or an eon. But it always climbs up again. And its
progress upward was as steady under Rome’s do-
minion as in any other prolonged period. Men had
much to wish for, as we have, but they were, as a
whole, better off than they had been. If there were
few great thinkers, education was more widely dis-
persed than it had ever been, so widely dispersed
that it was able to survive the Dark Ages and the
jealous ignorance of the early Christian priests.
No, I wouldn’t say Rome thwarted human progress
or aborted man’s happiness.—Arthur D. Howden
Smith.

MR. SMITH’S letter was one of the first
sent on to Mr. Mundy, so that the
latter might have his chance to answer in
rebuttal, and elicited a direct reply. Mr.
Mundy will be given opportunity later to
make general blanket reply in defense of
his theories. Meanwhile his reply to Mr.
Smith is given here. After reading it you
will at least credit him with having done a
great deal of research before forming
opinions of his own. I wonder whether
all who attack his views have done as
much.

Point Loma, California.

    The difficulty of answering Mr. Smith lies chiefly
in the fact that he offers me so many openings.
However, to begin with Caesar’s luck: I am accused
of sneering at it. Caesar boasted of it so incessantly
that one can’t rightly ignore it. All the world in
Caesar’s day regarded him as “lucky,” and undoubt-
edly he was; whoever opposed him had to take
that luck of his into consideration, and for Tros to
have disregarded it, or not to have discussed it
when advising those who had to resist Caesar’s inva-
sion, would have been simply foolish. I believe
that nowhere, either in these Tros stories or in
Camp-Fire, have I even hinted that Caesar was not
a man of marvelous ability, although he made some

incredibly crass mistakes of judgment, as for in-
stance with his fleet.

T)ID Caesar envisage a world state? I doubt it.

   His own excuse, that he gave for invading
Britain, was that he wanted pearls to make a breast-
plate for the Venus Genetrix in Rome. One ac-
count describes him, when in Spain, as weeping be-
cause, although in early middle life, he had not yet
begun to emulate Alexander, who conquered the
world in his youth. He was murdered mainly to
prevent his project of invading Asia, for which he
was preparing unheard of armaments with the aid
of Cleopatra’s money. Cleopatra was in Rome at
the time of his death; she was occupying his trans-
Tiberene villa; and although Caesar was living with
his own Roman wife at the time, he already had a
son by Cleopatra, and there is at least good ground
for believing he intended to make Cleopatra em-
press of the world—i.e. that she should share his
throne.

Th'PILEPSY does not make high character. Ask
any doctor. Immorality, of the type that
Caesar practised, wholly undermines sanity. Any
one who doubts this should consult the medical
officers of a few lunatic asylums. It is quite true
that Roman historians were addicted to reporting
malicious scandal, and that a very great deal of
what they wrote, either for or against any well
known individual, will not bear scrutiny. But even
Baring-Gould, Caesar’s stoutest advocate, has to
admit that Caesar was sexually vicious, even after
making all possible discounts for gossip and the
accepted standards of his generation.

TT WAS Octavian (Augustus) who visualized the

    Roman Empire, really founded it, and made its
survival for several centuries possible. Julius
Caesar was an intellectual giant, a prodigious cynic,
a genius, if you like the term, who saw the possi-
bility of making himself master of the world, and
who knew that nine-tenths, at least, of the men
opposed to him were fools. He was an expert in
psychology and perfectly understood the trick of
magnanimity, never being cruel for the sake of
cruelty itself but preferring to be spectacularly gen-
erous. To use his own phrase, he “punished ill-will,
not the deed;” but on the other hand, he was not
particularly fond of referring to the sixty thousand
Gauls a year whom he sold into slavery in order to
accumulate money for his campaigns and defray
his personal debts. He was the most extravagant
wastrel of other people’s money of whom we have
any record.

    Caesar was beyond all doubt a genius. He recog-
nized himself as such and had such a perfect con-
tempt for men of lesser intellectuality that, for in-
stance, when one of his generals deserted to Pom-
pey’s side at the beginning of the Civil War, he sent
the man’s baggage after him. He despised Pompey
—understood his weakness of character perfectly—
gave him all the time he wanted in which to under-
mine his own position—and then smashed him.

HTHE commonest mistake made in connection with
Roman history is to suppose that Caesar found-
ed the Roman Empire. He did nothing of the kind.
Prior to his day, and until his death, Rome was an
abominable welter of vulgarity, corruption, murder,
rioting, malaria, chicanery and vice. There was not
Adventure

one admirable feature in its government, which
amounted to nothing else than mob law. The con-
dition lent itself to Cassarism (the word exactly de-
scribes what Caesar had in mind and what he did).
He had the genius to recognize his opportunity, and
the strength of personality to put his will into reflect.
But would a genuine hero have built to himself a
temple in Rome—deified himself—have appointed
priests to sacrifice to him—have coined the famous
“veni, vidi, vici" phrase after a victory that was in-
significant compared to many he had won? Would
he have executed Vercingetorix? Would he have
out-corrupted, as Caesar admittedly did, even the
election-riggers of his generation? Such a man was
not in the same class with Washington or Lincoln,
nor even with Napoleon Bonaparte.

V/TR. SMITH’S assertion that “the charge of
materialism (against Rome) falls of its own
weight” simply takes my breath away. Has he ac-
cepted the cut-and-dried judgment of the text-books
that were inflicted on us when he and I were boys at
school? Prior to Octavian (the Emperor Augustus)
Rome’s politics, religion, aims and methods were so
utterly swinish that the closest search discovers no
trace of anything except materialism. That is a tall
statement, I admit; but let some one produce evi-
dence to the contrary. Remember: the pigs can be
brave. I say nothing against the bravery of a cer-
tain class of Roman soldiers.

  Certainly Rome did not invent materialism, but
by Caesar’s time she had raised it to a policy, which
Caesar carried to the wth degree. Octavian (Au-
gustus) foresaw, founded, disciplined and schooled
the Roman Empire; and in doing so he, and Tiberius
after him, incorporated into it what finally killed
Rome herself. Nerva, Trajan, Hadrian and the
Antonines strove almost as mightily sis he did to
purge the materialism that they recognized and
loathed. But it was Augustus’ treatment of the
provinces that made decent living possible outside
of Rome, with the result that the great majority of
statesmen, artists, poets, legislators after his day
were foreign bom. Rome’s civilization was in the
provinces, which throve in spite of her, and finally
destroyed the Roman system.

(~}ARTHAGE may have been no better than
Rome, but we have to trust to Roman histo-
rians for accounts of Carthage. Do we accept, say,
Mr. Creel’s account of Germany—or the Bolshevic
Government’s official valuation of the ethics and
condition of the United States? Greece produced
Pythagoras, Plato, Socrates, /Eschylus and others;
but she failed them, and she fell when she ignored
her teachers. The higher they rise the harder they
fall, and Greece has not recovered yet. Of Persia,
as a contemporary of Rome, we have not much
record except such as was written by her enemies;
however, she was sufficiently wile to defeat Rome
repeatedly and thoroughly, and from the treatment
that Crassus received we may judge that even the
l’arthians despised Rome’s lust for money.

  Of India rather more is known. There was a
constant flow of pilgrims into India to study at the
feet of India’s philosophers. Out of India came
Buddhism, which carried peace, the arts, kindliness
and spiritual thinking; it survived a great deal
longer than did Rome’s iron rule. China’s civiliza-
tion, so much higher than Rome’s that no compari-
son is possible, endured for two thousand years,

based on the teachings of Lao Tse, Confucius and
Buddha. The first and the last taught spiritual
thinking positively, the second implicitly, and the
three became blended into one philosophy whose re-
sults exceeded anything that later history can show.

TTO SAY, as Mr. Smith does, that “the great ma-
jority of the people in this world can only be
swayed by materialism” is stark nonsense. Lao
Tse, Confucius and Buddha swayed four hundred
millions of Chinese. The Gautama Buddha’s teach -
ing spread from end to end of Asia and changed it
out of recognition; it survives today as a living force
in the world; it was the basis of the original Chris-
tian teachings. Jesus Christ (whom Mr. Smith
compares with Caesar) was surely hardly a material-
ist, yet not without a certain influence.

  If anything is dear to one who really studies
history (instead of parroting the jargon of the politi-
cians’ text-books) it is that civilization declines into
savagery exactly in proportion to the inroads of
materialism; and that savagery yields to civilization
only in response to spiritual impulse. The deca-
dence of art, the beginnings and the progression of
anarchy, the degradation of morals, the increase of
cruelty can in every instance be traced to the ac-
ceptance of material standards—generally notice-
able first in the increasing craving after wealth.
No savagery can be found anywhere in the world
(remnants of the stone-age not excluded) that does
not show unquestionable traces of an antecedent
civilization. The course of history runs in cycles,
descending as spirituality lessens and materiality
increases, then in course of time ascending out of
materiality into another “golden age.”

M R. SMITH is totally at sea about the Myster-
ies. By the time of Pythagoras (who was
taught in India) the Mysteries had ceased to exer-
cise much outward influence on the world; they had
become popular, with the result that their interpre-
tation had been vulgarized and very few remained
whose character enabled them to penetrate to the
higher degrees and the inner teachings. The school
of Pythagoras was an effort to stem the advancing
tide of materialism that culminated in the debauch
of Rome, just as Neo-Pythagoreanism, Neo-Plato-
nism, Stoicism (and even Epicureanism) were efforts
of the same sort made in Rome herself. But they
were efforts, none the less, from outside Rome, not
due to her own genius but aimed against her
materialism.

  Mr. Smith refers to Mithraism (which, by the
way, ran a very close race with Christianity) as
having been “a religion as well as a mystery.” Does
he suppose the other, vastly higher Mysteries were
not religious? They were wholly so. It was when
their followers attempted to materialize them,
mainly along the line of adopting them as state
religions, that they fell on evil days and almost, but
not quite, vanished from the earth. That they did
not “reckon on women to any extent” (to quote
Mr. Smith again) is totally untrue—as untrue as
that Freemasonry does not “reckon on women,”
although it does not admit women to membership
and for perfectly valid reasons that have nothing to
do with women’s fitness or unfitness for spirituality.
Mithraism with its blood-rites was by far the most
materialistic of all the Mysteries; hence its popu-
larity, and hence its disappearance in competition
with Christianity, which did not permit blood-rites
The Camp-Fire

in theory (though its record, due to materialistic in-
terpretation of the teachings, has been the bloodiest
of all, not one excluded).

TT WOULD be interesting to know just where Mr.

  Smith obtained his information about the Druids,
and why he thinks I relied only on my imagination
when I linked them up with Samothrace. Even in
the days of Pythagoras the outward influence of
Samothrace had begun to wane, but things are not
invariably what they seem. If Mr. Smith, or any
one, has proof that the secret hierarchy of Samo-
thrace had no connection with the Druids in Caesar’s,
or at any other time, it would give me a peculiar
satisfaction to be supplied with it. Meanwhile, I
would like to point out the probability (to put it
mildly) that the most highly educated scientific ex-
perts in the known world would at least know as
much about one another as, today, for instance, a
thirty-third degree Freemason would know about
the Grand Orient.

   Caesar, representing materialism, did his utmost to
smash druidism by slaying its adherents and black-
ening the reputations of its hierarchy, just as it has
always been the way of the advocates of iron
tyranny to smash or to discredit spiritual move-
ments. But in spite of Caesar’s unsupported ac-
count of the Druids, they had an extraordinary repu-
tation, even in Rome. See Diodorus Siculus: “They
(the Druids) speak the language of the Gods.” He
speaks of them also as “exhorting combatants to
peace, and taming them like wild beasts by en-
chantment.” Diogenes Laertius says: “they taught
men to worship the Gods, to do no evil, and to ex-
ercise courage.” Also, “they taught many things
regarding the stars and their motions, the extent of
the universe and the earth, and the nature of
things, and the power and the might of the im-
mortal Gods,” says even Caesar, their detractor.
Strabo speaks of their teaching in moral science.
Says Lucan: “And ye, ye Druids, to you only is
given knowledge or ignorance (whichever it be) of
the Gods and the powers of heaven . . . From you
we learn that the bourne of man’s ghost is not the
senseless grave, not the pale realm of the monarch
below.” Diodorus testifies that “among them (the
Druids) the doctrine of Pythagoras prevailed.”
Compare this with Mr. Smith’s contention that
the Druids knew nothing about Samothrace.

  But again: says Valerius Maximus, “They (the
Druids) would fain make us believe that the souls
of men are immortal. I would be tempted to call
these breeches-wearers fools, if their doctrine were
not the same as that of the mantle-clad Pythagoras.”
Other writers who refer to them in much the same
terms are Timagenes, Strabo and Mela. Iamblichus
makes the assertion that the Druids did not learn
from Pythagoras, but Pythagoras from them.

"DOME’S greatest men all seem to have recog-
nized her materialism and to have fought
against it. Augustus (himself an initiate of the
Mysteries) and others after him succeeded in making
a high state of civilization possible in many of the
provinces, and waves of that civilization invaded
Rome from time to time (as Christianity, too, did
in its turn). But the tendency that Caesar repre-
sented had taken too firm hold and Rome cor-
rupted everything that touched her, like the can-
cer that befouls all blood that comes in con-
tact with it.

    PERSONALLY, think the world is on the up-
9 grade, though I know that many men of integrity
and education disagree from that optimistic opin-
ion. There seems to be a kindliness abroad, a
breaking up of standards that are proven false, and a
craving for frankness. There is no doubt in my
mind that the United States may, if it cares to, blaze
a new trail in the history of mankind; I think that
is its destiny, which it would hardly be possible to
prevent. But it is perfectly clear that material-
ism will make a hard fight and that, if we adopt Mr.
Smith’s theory, “that the great majority of people
in the world can only be swayed by materialism,”
we shall find ourselves, in our efforts to progress, in
the predicament of the ambitious gentleman who
tried to lift himself upstairs by the seat of his pants.
If we let Rome set our standards of attainment and
of morality and method, we shall do as Rome did,
fall as Rome fell, and perhaps, like Rome, be taught
from text-books to the helpless youth a dozen cen-
turies from now, with a result that staggers one’s
imagination to predict unless, by grace of some new
inspiration, they should merely point to us as an
amazing bad example and pass on—to study China
in her golden age. Yours faithfully and friendly—
Talbot Mundy.

  Well, we’ve had a look at Caesar from
quite a number of points of view. There
seems plenty of ground for honest differ-
ence of opinion, but not much ground for
snap judgment. Caesar will not be with us
at our next Camp-Fire, but at some later
one Arthur G. Brodeur, of the University of
California and of our writers’ brigade, has
some things to say about the great Roman
and Mr. Mundy must be given his chance to
answer the arguments of those who have
taken the field against him in this matter.
He has already replied to Arthur D. Howden
Smith but had not seen the other letters at
that time.

  SERVICES TO OUR READERS

  Lost Trails, for finding missing

relatives and friends, runs in alter-
nate issues from “Old Songs That
Men Have Sung.”

 Old Songs That Men Have
Sung, a section of “Ask Adventure,”
runs in alternate issues from “Lost Trails.”

  Camp-Fire Stations: explanation in the sec-
ond and third issues of each month. Full list in

second issue of each month.

  Various Practical Services to Any Reader:

Free Identification Card in eleven languages
(metal, 25 cents); Mail Address and Forwarding
Service; Back Issues Exchanged; Camp-Fire
Buttons, etc., runs in the last issue of each month.
A Free Question and Answer
Service Bureau of Information
on Outdoor Life and Activities
Everywhere and Upon the
Various Commodities Required Therein.
Conducted for Adventure Magazine by
Our Staff of Experts.

QUESTIONS should be sent, not to this office, but direct to the expert in charge of the section in
whose field it falls. So that service may be as prompt as possible, he will answer you by mail
direct. But he will also send to us a copy of each question and answer, and from these we shall select
those of most general interest and publish them each issue in this department, thus making it itself an
exceedingly valuable standing source of practical information. Unless otherwise requested inquirer’s name
and town are printed with question; street numbers not given.

  When you ask for general information on a given district or subject the expert may give you some valu-
able general pointers and refer you to books or to local or special sources of information.

  Our experts will in all cases answer to the best of their ability, using their own discretion in all matters
pertaining to their .sections, subject only to our general rules for “Ask Adventure,” but neither they nor
the magazine assumes any responsibility beyond the moral one of trying to do the best that is possible.
These experts have been chosen by us not only for their knowledge and experience but with an eye to their
integrity and reliability. We have emphatically assured each of them that his advice or information is
not to be affected in any way by whether a given commodity is or is not advertised in this magazine.

1.	Service free to anybody, provided self-addressed envelop and full postage, not
   attached, are enclosed. Correspondents writing to or from foreign countries will
   please enclose International Reply Coupons, purchasable at any post-office, and ex-
   changeable for stamps of any country in the International Postal Union. Be sure
   that the issuing office stamps the coupon in the left-hand circle.

2.	Send each question direct to the expert in charge of the particular section whose
   field covers it. He will reply by mail. Do NOT send questions to this magazine.

3.	No reply will be made to requests for partners, for financial backing, or for chances
   to join expeditions. “Ask Adventure” covers business and work opportunities, but
   only if they are outdoor activities, and only in the way of general data and advice. It
   is in no sense an employment bureau.

4.	Make your questions definite and specific. State exactly your wants, qualifications
   and intentions. Explain your case sufficiently to guide the expert you question.

5.	Send no question until you have read very carefully the exact ground covered by
   the particular expert in whose section it seems to belong.

  Please Note: To avoid using so much needed
  space each issue for standing matter and to gain
  more space for the actual meat of "Ask Ad-
  venture” the full statement of its various sec-
  tions and of “Lost Trails” will be given only in
  alternate issues. In other issues only the bare
  names of the sections will be given, inquirers to
  get exact fields covered and names and addresses
  from full statement in alternate issues. Do not
  write to the magazine, but to the editors of the
  sections at their home addresses.

  1 —3. The Sea. In Three Parts
  4—6. Islands and Coasts. In Three Parts
  7, 8. New Zealand and the South Sea Islands.
  Two Parts
  9. Australia and Tasmania

    10.	Malaysia, Sumatra and Java

    11.	New Guinea

     12.	13. Philippine and Hawaiian Islands
13—18. Asia. In Five Parts

19—26. Africa. In Eight Parts

In

27, 28.	Turkey and Asia Minor

29—34.	Europe. In Six Parts

35—37.	South America. In Three Parts

   38.	Central America

39—41.	Mexico. In Three Parts

42—50.	Canada. In Nine Parts

   51.	Alaska

   52.	Baffinland and Greenland
53—58.	Western U. S. In Six Parts

59—63.	Middle Western U. S. In Five Parts

64—73.	Eastern U. S. In Ten Parts

   A.	Radio

   B.	Mining and Prospecting

   C.	Old Songs That Men Have Sung

D1—3.	Weapons, Past and Present. In Three Parts

   E.	Salt and Fresh Water Fishing

F, G.	Forestry in the U. S. and Tropical Forestry

H—J.	Aviation, Army and Navy Matters

   K.	American Anthropology North of Panama
       Canal

    L.	First Aid on the Trail

   M.	Health-Building Outdoors

N.	Railroading in the U. S., Mexico and Canada

O. P.	Herpetology and Entomology
        Standing Information
Ask Adventure

185

A Trip in South Africa

GOOD climate, good hunting and lots
of scenery:

  Request:—“My husband and I are very fond of
taking camping trips in out-of-the-way places and
seeing country that tourists do not go into. We
have been over most of our own country in the west
and also in Canada, Newfoundland and Labrador.

  Is it feasible to take such a trip in Africa and yet
not run any great danger from fever and the tsetse
fly, also not be frightfully hot?

  I have read Keable’s ‘Mother of all Living,’ and
in that he describes a camping triprinto the moun-
tains of Southeast Africa that sounds delightful.
I have also read the trip from ‘Cairo to Capetown’
in the last National Geographic. It sounds tre-
mendously interesting, but not so enjoyable.

  Is it possible to get good hunting and not go into
the fever districts? What is the best time of year
to go? Could you give me any ideas for an interest-
ing and pleasant trip in Africa?

  We want a trip for pleasure and do not want to
be eaten alive by mosquitoes or ^simply melted with
heat and yet we do not want to get away from
civilization, and we love really roughing it, and are
not tenderfeet. I have been in a great many places
no other woman has ever been, so the trip doesn’t
have to be very easy.

  I will be grateful if you can give me this informa-
tion or tell me where I can get it.”—Mrs. Ethel
Cutler Freeman, Morristown, N. J.

  Reply, by Captain Franklin:—I am very glad to
receive your letter of a few days ago, as it is just the
kind that we of the Ask Adventure class like to
receive.

  In the beginning, I will say that your letter will
not be published in Adventure without your consent,
at the same time we like to see inquiries of the nature
of yours published, as they prove to our readers
that we can do what we claim, and that is to supply
authentic information pertaining to travel on any
part of the globe.

  It is gratifying to me that after all your travels
you contemplate visiting South Africa, and I note
with pleasure that you have been in Labrador where
I feel certain you have met my friend Dr. Grenfell.

  I will now endeavor to answer your letter very
fully. South Africa is the most fascinating and
alluring country in every way, especially for people
like yourselves who have left the beaten paths and
made for the wide open spaces. Like Panama, the
danger of the tsetse fly, malaria, dysentery have been
almost completely eradicated, and the climate of
South Africa is such that you have no qualm of
encountering any such conditions as existed a dec-
ade ago.

  I would like therefore to suggest to you an
itinerary. Starting, say, from America in March,
which would give you the months of April, May,
June, July, August, September and October, with-
out encountering the really hot period, which at its
worst doesn’t amount to a lot in South Africa, be-
cause the heat is always a dry heat and, except in
such places as Portuguese East or Natal, does not
hurt you—would recommend that you first go to
"Cape Town. There are many hotels at which you
can stop, and it is generally a matter of selecting a
hotel that one’s friends on the boat are staying at,

before deciding. I would then plan to visit Groote
Schoor, etc., and a most interesting time can be
spent for a few days among the old vineyards of
Cape Town and vicinity. I would then visit Kim-
berly and see the diamond mines. From there on
to Johannesburg to see the gold mines. Pretoria,
the capital of South Africa, for perhaps a day to see
the gold lace. By that time you would probably
feel that you would like to spend a few days hunting.

  Adventure has a very strict rule that we shall not
recommend any guide, philosopher or friend, hotel,
bar, or such-like, but “synthetically” I might men-
tion to you the name of Mr. T. E. Brent, Mount
Silinda, Mount Setter District, Southern Rhodesia.
Mr. Brent-can show you the finest hunting in South
Africa at less expense than any man of whom I
know. He is not a professional guide, but is willing
to take care of a few people who may from time to
time be sent him. You can go through territory
practically untouched by the ordinary hunter, and
can get a bag of elephant, lion, buffalo, hippo and
most of the lesser antelope.

  After your game-hunting experience you would be
very close to Beira in Portuguese East Africa, and
from there I would suggest that you take the boat
to Durban, Natal. Should you so desire I can route
you through Zululand which would be intensely
interesting, thence into Basutoland where one of my
brothers resides, who could show you the interior
life and customs of these very remarkable people.

  I could also give you many other itineraries, some
far more expensive than the foregoing, but for a real
pleasure trip at a minimum expense I doubt if this
can be beaten.

   Names and addresses of depart-
 ment editors and the exact field cov-
 ered by each section are given in
 the next issue of the magazine. Do
 NOT zvrite to the magazine itself.

Mexican Oil-Fields

TAMPICO, where jobs are few, prices
high, and the climate poor:

  Request:—“Please give me all possible information
on the part of Mexico which you cover, mainly in
and around Tampico and Mazatlan.

  What oil companies and other American busi-
nesses are in the city of Tampico; living conditions,
climate, business and general conditions for Ameri-
cans? What chance is there in Tampico or Mazat-
lan for a young man who is an all around automobile
mechanic and driver, one who speaks Spanish?

  Do oil and other industries there use many cars and
trucks? What are the names and addresses of
mining companies in your field? Please do not use
my name, if this is printed. I enclose stamp and
envelope addressed for reply. Thank you.”—
-, Glen wood Springs, Colo.

  Reply, by Mr. Mahaffey:—There are no oppor-
tunities for you in or around Mazatlan, and you
would be doing a very foolish thing in going there.
I was there for over a year and am thoroughly con-
vinced of the fact.
Adventure

  There are two parts of Tampico. One is a regular
Mexican town, and the American part of Tampico'is
a regular American city in the midst of Mexico.
Tampico is or was the most expensive place to live
in that one could find in many long moons, and any
one who goes there should take enough money to
support him a month or so and a return ticket home.

  Time was, in the good old days, when most any-
body could get a good job around the oil fields but
those days are gone now. Of course, there is a
limited amount of drilling, but chances are far from
being as good as they were. Nowadays, with the
new immigration law in the U. S., Mexico is full of
foreigners who want to come to the U. S. and plenty
of them are working for less than an American
would consider, just to get by.

  It would take me a whole day to tell you all about
Tampico, I hardly know where to start.

  The many oil companies have trucks for hauling
and you might make it. The laws of Mexico require
that you have $100 in gold on your person if you
enter Mexico looking for work, and you will need a
passport, secured through the nearest Federal
Court or State Naturalization Court; takes about
three weeks to get and costs ten dollars. You will
need the visfi of the nearest Mexican Consul, another
ten bucks, and eight dollars head tax when you
cross the line. Twenty-eight dollars all told plus
your fare, and the $100 in gold.

  Climate around Tampico is none too good. I
know many who lost their health there and were
chuck full of malaria germs. Wages are a little
better than in the U. S. but living expenses are
higher. In my opinion you are better off in the
States. It has been a long time since I was around
Tampico and conditions have changed for the worst
since then.

  You might go to Beaumont or Port Arthur,
Texasm and strike the Magnolia or Texas Companies
for a job in Tampico. It will do no good to give you
address, as you should be on the ground to have a
Chinaman’s chance for a job. Nowdays there are a
great many young fellows drifting around in Mexico
and most of them are on the bum. Mexico is one of
the finest places I know of to stay away from at
present. If you still have the idea about going,
write me and I will try to put you wise.

          How to Keep Fit
     HEALTH hints for the office worker:

  Request:—“1 am, to state my case briefly, an office
man and have been for many years and naturally
my work is rather confining, and the hours that I
work do not give me much of an opportunity to get
the necessary out-door exercise to keep my physical
condition fit. There is nothing constitutionally or
organically wrong in my case, with the exception
that I am very much under-developed in the muscles
of the chest, arms and shoulders. I have forgotten
to state before that I am twenty-eight years of age.

  I am interested, particularly, to know if you can
recommend any exercise or series of exercises by
which I can develop these under-developed muscles.

  I do not know whether you give individual advice
in these cases, but if you don’t please pardon me for
taking so much of your valuable time. I enclose
stamped envelop, with return postage for a reply.

  Thank you for any information you may care to
give me.”—F. S. Williams, New Orleans, La.

  Re ply,by Dr. Fordyce:—I know you can improve
your health and secure real development of the chest
and muscles byjwalking two miles a day in the open
air. Start easy with a half mile if necessary and
gradually daily increase.

  It will take only an hour’s time when you get
under way and can be done after the evening meal if
necessary.

  Coupled with this, I would at bedtime carry out
religiously some system of exercise such as Walter
Camp’s “Daily Dozen.” Full directions for these
are in booklet form, together with some excellent
health-building advice and may be secured for 10c
in stamps from The Reynolds Pub. Co., 416 West
13th St., New York City.

  I would be pleased to know of your results after
trial.

Living in Chinese Treaty Ports

  HOW white men get along:

  Request:—“For various reasons I am going to
reverse Horace Greeley’s famous saying into, “Go
East, young man; go East.” I have picked out
China. Could you answer the following questions:

  1.	Do oil companies or any other industrial con-
cerns pick out and train their men in this country,
sending them to China, or do they get them “right
on the ground”?

  2.	If employees are selected in this country, to
what companies and at what address should I apply?
Which would be preferable—oil, mining or com-
mercial houses? At this point let me explain that
I would best be fitted for the sales or office work.

  3.	What are the chances for advancement in that
field? Is competition as keen as in this country?

  4.	If there is a contract, what are the terms?

  5.	Are married or single men given preference?

  6.	Briefly, what is the social status of white men
and the standards of living?

  7.	Do you know how the salaries run? Are men
paid in gold? If not how far would the rate of
exchange affect salary?

  8.	What would be best to take along in the line
of equipment, such as clothing and other personal
belongings which could be purchased more cheap-
ly and easily here?”—S. C. Eastwood, Phila-
delphia, Pa.

  Reply, by Mr. Halton:—1, 2. The Standard Oil
Co. sends men out to China. Write them at 26
Broadway, New York, stating fully your qualifica-
tions. You might also write to the Pacific Mail
S.S. Co., 508 California St., San Francisco, Calif.,
and to the Admiral Line, L. C. Smith Building,
Seattle, Wash., stating fully your qualifications for
an office job.

  3.	The chances for advancement are good if one
sticks on the job, and the competition will be from
your fellow employees.

  4.	You would be required to sign a contract for
two or three years, and of course the pay will
depend on the position you hold.

  5.	Do not know that any preference is shown as
between single and married men. At the starting
salary single men can get along better.

  6.	The standard of living is on a plane with that
of the white man in this country, as also is the social
life. That is of course in the treaty ports. There
are very few places in the interior where a white
man would not have to “rough it” considerably.
Ask Adventure

187

  7.	Clerks are paid around $150 gold per month
or with exchange around fifty per cent., about $300
Mex. per month. The question of exchange is
serious as it fluctuates from day to day in accordance
with the price of silver. The lower it goes the more
Mexican dollars or local currency you get and “the
higher, the fewer.” Some of the firms pay in local
currency, so that the fluctuations do not affect much
unless you are buying gold. It is the general rule
that when exchange is low the merchants who buy
in Europe or America have to pay in sterling or
gold; and as they have to pay more Mexican dollars
it naturally raises the price of commodities in local
currency to the local purchaser and usually when the
exchange raises the merchants are not quick to
reduce prices.

  8.	Shoes are the principal item of clothing to take
along; nearly everything else can be purchased
cheaper and better out there.

 Prospecting by Airplane

HERE’S a new field for the up-to-the-
minute gold-hunter:

  Request:—“Are there any opportunities in the
mining game where airplanes could be used? Are
there known ore bodies unworked because supplies
can not be brought in or ore taken out?

  We are expert airplane men—eight of us. We
have seven ships, including four that will carry four
to six passengers each. Our ‘ceiling’ is around

12,000	feet, our normal ‘field’ is 260 yards, although
we can make up-hill landings, down-hill take-offs
or work on a ridge (say twenty feet wide). A loose
sand will not stop us—sand, say, that would almost
stop a car. Our normal cruising range is two hun-
dred and fifty miles, although larger tanks could be
put in. We can work on snow or ice—pick fields
from the air, drop a man with a parachute to clear
away light trees, if necessary. We have parachutes
and cameras—but not much cash.

  We figure our cost about fifty cents per mile,
including salaries, depreciation, etc.

  Are there any known inaccessible but commercial-
ly profitable ore bodies we could tackle. The loca-
tion, description of ore, description of near-by land-
ing fields, altitude, description of country is desired.

  It might be possible in a very rough country to
pick up small loads (ten pounds) without landing
and on some favorable days with a forty mile wind
it might be possible to pick up a passenger from a
ridge on the fly. Or it may be that there is some
country it would be worth while exploring which is
at present judged inaccessible.

  I have had a couple of years college geology, out-
side of that we know nothing about mining. How
about looking for some of the famous lost mines?

  Is there something along these lines it would pay
us to tackle with one airship or more, or is it all a
fairy dream? Any information will be appreci-
ated.”—Merrill K. Riddick, Lancaster, Pa.

  Reply, by Mr. V. Shaw:—You present an interest-
ing subject and one that is worth considerable
thought and discussion, I believe. I’ve given it
some of the thought already. There are many
localities so isolated that the costs of transportation
preclude any development of ore bodies (except very
rich gold) which would be bonanzas if near a rail-
road. If planes could transport machinery and

carry out copper matter or concentrates in sufficient
amounts the matter might bear consideration.

  As to prospecting and discoveries that are new
because of difficulty in traveling afoot, there are
many spots among the high Sierras and back inland
in such countries as this, for example. You can’t
get up most of these rivers after April or at least
early May because they are too swift; also, the
terrane is so heavily timbered and undergrowth so
dense that ordinary travel is impeded to the extent
that little or no prospecting has been done here off
the main water courses or back from tide water
beaches and lakes.

  If you have a hydroplane in which landings can
be made anywhere on water, you could work with
your chart and make landings on lakes, inlets, bays,
etc., that perhaps are inaccessible now, at least re-
garding the inland lakes. Also, you could explore
cliffs and hills above timberline, that can not and
have not yet been reached.

  This, however, would be only for plainly visible
white quartz veins, dykes of quartzite or light
granites and pegmatite, or marked contacts and
changes of formation. This last is important. In
this region the valuable minerals are all located at
or close to these contacts and prospecting is re-
stricted by experts to these areas entirely.

  If you had as an observer a qualified geologist
or engineer, he could, with a glass, plainly mark such
at quite a distance and by flying within fifty feet
he could verify his suspicions. This country is so
intersected by lakes, bays and inlets, etc., that you
could almost always figure on landing fairly close
on water, then camp, and make your way afoot to
the place.

  There are, here and there all over these hills, open
muskeg covered with spongy moss into which your
feet will sink just above the sole. Whether you
could effect a landing is an open question, or whether
you’d find one of these where you’d need it.

  The topography is much broken, steep hills
(average around 2,500 feet, all timbered from tide
water. The timberline here is I believe around

4,000	feet altitude. You could make landings on
beaches here and there that have fine quartz sands
and would be well within your field of 250 yards,
but the average beach is pretty well strewn with
rocks from as large as your head and down, and
with boulders here and there that are much bigger.

(COLORADO above timberline would be pickings
for your plane but your landings problematical,
unless you had a hydroplane and then not certain
of finding water where you wished to descend. The
desert regions would in general be O.K. for you can
always find long open sand stretches of level charac-
ter. You could fortify yourself with charts giving
all the water holes for your camps, and the lack or
sparsity of timber would make your work more
simple.

  I should say, offhand, that desert prospecting by
airplane would be rather worth trying, and because
mighty unique would probably give you a whole
bunch of press notices. You know the Border
Patrols on the Mexican line are not having so much
trouble even when making forced landings, or so I
am informed. Here in Alaska, dropping a man to
clear out timber would be putting him in a hole—
he might drop right on top of a grizzly whose break-
fast had been poor or set wrong, and if the way was
clear he’d have trees to clear measuring feet through
i88

Adventure

and hundreds high, and an all summer’s job alone
simply cutting and not moving the stuff. Wind
here is fairly steady for days in one direction, but
so many hills you’d have a lot of upcasts, holes, cross
currents, etc., to contend with. We have a hydro-
plane here in town in a hangar but it has not flown
this year, though it has been flying previously with
what success I can’t say; curious passengers taken
up mostly, I hear. Population here only 5,000 so
nothing in that for you chaps.

pXPLORING is where you could shine—if your
flame wasn’t extinguished too soon. The huge
areas around the Mackenzie River for instance
would give you a fine field as there is oil there (?);
or the interior of Labrador or Newfoundland; inland
in Baja California or Tiburon Id.; the inaccessible
peaks of western Mexico, the San Bias country, etc.,
and you can use your atlas and imagination for a
hundred more. I know of buttes in Colorado that
no man ever set foot on because their slopes are too
steep from any sort of climbing. The inacessible
ore bodies however would be impractical unless you
could assure getting in machinery and taking out
the product in freight planes. The mere finding of
ore would profit nothing of course.

  The headwaters of the Peace River, B. C., from
the junction of the Findlay and Parsnip up to the
northerly and westerly are known to be gold-bearing
but have been run over some. You could land there
most anywhere and your distance from gas would
be perhaps 200 miles airline. The region to the
north of the Yukon also, might present possibilities
for it is tough going afoot or by dogteam or canoe,
and the chances are fair for gold deposits. Your
distance from gas there would be greater, use a scale
on the map to Fairbanks, Dawson, or Nome. For-
get those “famous lost mines”—nothing in it for
any one, unless it is some of the old ones formerly
worked by the Spanish in Old Mexico.

  I like to fool with your idea, it’s mightly interest-
ing, hence this long screed, but in a sense you’d be
pioneering and it’s something for you to try out.
You can’t be sure till you do. For cash, you might
select some feasible scheme, work out the details,
then put the proposition up to some wealthy sports-
man (with guts), who might take a chance for the
novelty of it If you have more ideas along this line
let me hear from you again, and the best to you
always in any case.

  Your premier and final assault on this country
thus far has my sympathy. These are smooth
waters from the deck of the Northwestern, Queen or
Admiral Watson, but the tide rips are hungry, the
winds uncertain and ravenous at times, and the
rocks are always there for even the larger boats.
You’ve got to be pretty expert as a sailor and know
this coast blamed well, then have plenty Lady Luck
at command to get by year after year. Old-time
salmon trollers in thirty foot gas boats go out and,
once in a while, never come back, and sourdough
prospectors as well, not all of them being killed by
Siwashes or she-bears with cubs, as has been
the case hereabout within comparatively short
while.

  I’m knocking wood all the time and when I am
trout fishing for a change of diet I always have my
.35 Winchester strapped to my back with a slipknot
I can loosen in short order. If the weather looks
uncertain I have lots of real urgent business in
cam.pl I’ve seen the wind cut the tops off the waves

even in sheltered inlets and hurl it fifty feet in the
air in a blinding mist, and these waves can get their
backs up in a few minutes time, too. Luck and
adios.

South Atlantic Islands

BARREN, bleak and desolate:

  Request:—“I am writing you for information to
check up a report I have received from a man who
wants to interest me in a trip to these places.

  It is in regards to Gough Island, about 40 S. Lat.
in the South Atlantic.

  About how large is this island? Is it low and
sandy or high and rocky? Who does it belong to?
What kind of people live there? How about the
climate and forest, etc? Is it possible that, as this
man says, there is a smaller island some six hundred
miles east and a little north of there that has no
name on the charts?

  Also please give me some information on these
following: Crozet Islands, Prince Edward, Marion,
Kerguelen.

  Also the population as near as you know it, and
about fishing, hunting, and climate of each.

  Thanks for the attention you give this.”—Joe M.
Knutson, Toledo, O.

  Reply, by Capt. Dingle:—You have selected about
the most worthless bits of rock it is possible to find,
that is from the point of view of a possible settler.
I am sorry that I have no means at hand of giving
you very complete data on Gough Island. My
reference books are in Bermuda, and my own experi-
ence was simply passing by Gough, when it seemed
to be a barren, rocky waste, and then it was unin-
habited. You can get information about Gough
Island by writing to the Hydrographic Office, U. S.
Navy, Washington, D. C.

  I can tell you ab6ut the other islands you
name:

  Prince Edward Island, belonging to Great Britain,
a rocky uninhabited island, sometimes visited by
sealers. Lava formation, and snow capped always.
Nothing grows except coarse grass and a plant called
Kerguelen cabbage. Penguins and seals are plenti-
ful.

  Marion Island, one of the so-termed Prince Ed-
ward group. Much the same as the other island
described above. Volcanic and barren. There is
a sealer’s camp on the island, but nobody lives
there.

  The Crozets are French, and more desolate and
bleak than the rest. I was on these islands for two
weeks once, and if I had to choose between Crozets
and-I’d hunt up my thin underwear and as-
bestos sandals without delay. There is no popula-
tion. The world will have to go crazier than it is
before there will be any. However, there is fresh
water, and plenty of food of the seal and penguin
sort. There is a cache of stores for ship-wrecked
castaways on Hog Island. The climate, weather,
etc., of the islands, as of Prince Edward and Marion,
is cold, and stormy, with frequent fogs, and icebergs
sail by gaily.

  Kerguelen Land, a big island almost seventy
miles each way in length and breadth, is the only
place you name where human beings might thrive
in more or less comfort. Kerguelen is cold, and
stormy, but it is deeply indented by bays, and there
is at least sustenance for sheep, hogs, and ponies.
Ask Adventure

It was once a whale and sealing station, but aban-
doned as such, until recently the French Govern-
ment made an arrangement with a Norwegian whale
fishery and sea elephant hunters concern to work the
group.

  This firm has a station in Royal Sound, called
Port Jeanne d’Arc. Also a Frenchman named
Rossicre has a lease on Kerguelen, and raises some
sheep and pigs. At least, Bossiere was there a very
few years ago. The place may be utterly deserted
again, of course. I speak of conditions in 1918.

  I have no idea what you may think you could find
on these desolate hummocks of rock, but I can as-
sure you there is nothing on any of them, even
Gough, which would repay you for a trip without
quite big capital and a big outfit to hunt whale or
seal. There is no wood on any of them, and all
are bleak and forbidding. Gough is less desolate,
perhaps, but even that is only a fly speck on a chart
and has no attractions for human beings. You can
get charts showing all these islands by asking, when
you write to the Hydrographic Office mentioned
above, for charts of the South Atlantic, and the
South Indian Ocean. Seventy-five cents each.

 Luck to you.	{

Gun Sights

PHOSPHOR bronze is the most dur-
able metal for this purpose:

  Request:—“Being something of a gun crank my- x.
self thought I’d drop in for a little chat, also some
information.

  In a recent issue of Adventure you spoke about
your pet guns having gold brazed on the regular
sights. What I wish to know is your method of
having the brazing applied.

  Do you cut away a small portion of the rear of the
front sight and have gold inserted, as I have tried

to show in the accompanying illustration? If not
would it be asking too much to have you make a
little sketch?”—H. C. Gardner, Denver, Colo.

  Reply, by Mr. Wiggins:—You have hit exactly
upon my method of having gold bead sights at-
tached to the revolver barrel. I do as you describe,
cut out the metal to form a support, and have the
gunsmith braze in a bit of bright metal, for which
he generally uses phosphor bronze, a very durable
metal.

  I never have a bead effect, but a square blade; the
undercutting of the bead seems to weaken the sight,
and I have had many rifle sights of the “gold bead”
variety brought to me bent or even broken, but
never one with a square blade. And the rear of
the sight, next the eye, is on a slant from the eye,
thus catching the light in any degree of illumination
or any angle of refraction.

Hiking in Europe

CHEAP, if you avoid the hotels de
luxe:

  Request:—“With a companion, I am planning on
making a tour of Germany this summer.

  My partner is a chemist and somewhat of a
metallurgist, and I am a printer and a newspaper
man, and so would be interested in such as pertains
to our work: electro-chemical plants, newspapers,
printing machinery and, perhaps, economical con-
ditions.

  We intend to start from Holland, and head up
the Rhine River Country, making a circle to the
south, as conditions will permit, as far as Munich,
after which, we may proceed northeast to Praha.
Dresden, and Danzig or to Hamburg, as we would
like to embark to Scandinavia from either one of
these ports.

  This tour is to be in the nature of a walking trip,
and we would like to learn what you would consider
the best way to go about it. What places you would
visit, the amount of luggage necessary, anything
which you would consider the best for us to do with
the least expense. Could you advise us as to the
fare from here to Holland.

  We are somewhat acquainted with the language.
Would it be possible for us to obtain employment
of any kind while there, as we would like to make a
study of the various industries.”—E. W. Swanson,
Cleveland, Calif.

  Reply, by Mr. Fleischer:—To start from the be-
ginning, I would say that the Holland-American
Line, 24 State Street, New York City, have a num-
ber of smaller steamers running to Rotterdam, on
which the one-class fare is in the neighborhood of
$100. However, if you would like to work your way
over, as workaway, you would have to come to
New York and try the Seaman’s Institute on Front
Street. They may be able to direct you to the
proper place where you could make inquiries.

  In most of the German cities, mentioned hereafter,
and especially in the Ruhr, you will find quite a
number of plants which will come up to specifi-
cations. I can not cite them here, but I would sug
gest that you call on the American Consul at Koln—
if we still have one there, I am not certain—and he
will gladly direct you.

The following is my suggestion of an itinerary:

  Take train from Rotterdam to Wesel (Westphalia)
Germany. From Wesel you can follow the Rhine
southward on excellent highways. Stop at Duisburg
and make this city your headquarters for visiting
the various factories or plants in the Ruhr which
will interest you. Then down the Rhine via Ducs-
seldorf, Koln, Bonn, Coblenz, Bingen to Mainz. In
all the places mentioned you will find smaller
hostelries which will afford you shelter and good
food for little money. Do not look for them in the
main streets, however.

  From Mainz follow the river Main eastward to
Frankfort. In that city you will find one of the
best, if not the best German newspaper. The
Frankfurter Zeitung. From there through the
Spessart Forest to Wuerzburg, where you can taste
the best beer brewed, then on to Niirenberg. If
you care to see Munich, go by rail from Nuremberg,
for foot travel in Bavaria is at the present not to be
recommended.
Adventure

  From Munich follow Isar River northeast to
Lanshut, North to Regensburg on the Danube.
See the Valhall there, then continue via Falkenstein,
Wilting to Fuerth. Fuerth is Bavarian Custom’s
center as is Taus across the line in Czecho-Slovakia.
From Taus, northeast via Stankau to Pilsen, beauti-
ful highway through Bohemian Forest. Pilsen is an
industrial center, you will find much of interest
there.

  My advice is to take the railroad from Pilsen as
far as Beraun, about fifty miles. Get off at that
place and follow the Beraun River via Karlstein
(old castle) to Prague. You haven’t seen Europe
if you miss Prague, for it is the oldest center of
learning. From Prague take the dinky river
steamer on the Moldau to Melnik on the Elbe River.
Then follow that stream northwest via Leitmeritz,
Aussig, Bodenbach through the Bohemian-Saxon
Switzerland, as it is called, into Germany again
(Saxonia) to Dresden. From there a walk to Berlin
would be very uninteresting, since the country is
flat. There are good roads, however, if you want
to walk. You can walk to either Berlin, Hamburg
or Danzig, but it is some distance one way or the
other.

  Now as to outfit. The usual American hiker’s
costume is advisable. High, laced walking-boots,
knickers, wool stockings and a pair of thick-soled
oxfords. Do not take any pack whatever, but
when you get to Germany buy yourself, at little
cost, a Rucksack which is a triangular bag made of
strong cloth with shoulder straps, which will hold
all you need. A strong cane, spiked, can also be
cheaply purchased abroad. If you feel the need of
an automatic, you can buy one in Germany and get
a permit at the same time. I do not know how
much the permit will cost, ,but it won’t be
much.

  You will do well, to purchase a loaf of German
peasant bread, cut it into halves, and you and your
partner can carry a half in the pack together with
hard sausages for which Westphalia is known. These
rations will keep you during the day and you can
always get butter, eggs, etc., as soon as you are out
of the industrial region at any one of the numerous
farms which dot Germany. You can even secure
lodging at very little cost.

  As to employment, I do not know. Germany has
also unemployment to contend with and I am afraid
that you would not find anything suitable, except,
perhaps, that you might, if you know German well
enough, do translations for technical firms. But
that’s only a guess.

  If you really mean to go and so have made up
your mind, write me again when you are ready and
I will give you some letters of introduction to some
people who will help you over there.

Homesteading in Colorado

    LOTS of land still available:

  Request:—“Will you kindly send all of the neces-
sary information in regard to homesteading in Colo-
rado.

  What is the land best adapted to?

  Am especially interested in land west of the Do-
lores River.”—A. R. Cammack, Cincinnati, O.

  Reply, by Mr. Middleton:—There are something
like six million acres of land open to homestead en-

try in the State of Colorado and about one third of
this lays in Moffat and Rio Blanco counties in the
northwestern part of the State.

  Land in this territory is adapted to the raising of
small grains, such as wheat, oats, barley, rye, etc.,
and alfalfa, timothy and native hay. Vegetables
such as cabbage, potatoes, carrots, beets, onions,
beans, etc., etc., and in sheltered places the small
berries are raised even to strawberries; also some
fruit. These counties lay in the Glenwood Springs
land district and a letter addressed to Walter Spen-
cer, State Registrar, Glenwood Springs, Colo., will
bring results in the way of information as to land
now open to entry, etc. I should strongly advise
that you have a look at Northwest Colorado before
deciding upon settling elsewhere.

  Rio Dolores River flows through the extreme
southwest part of the State. Land in this territory
lies in the Durango Land district. I will not at-
tempt to advise you upon this part of the State, as
it has been several years since I was there and there
have been changes down there, I am sure. There
are some 300,000 acres of land in this district, open
to entry. I advise that you address a letter to each
of the following addresses, requesting that they mail
you literature on Southwest Colorado; do not know
what the Registrar’s name is at Durango, but a let-
ter just addressed to the State Registrar at that ad-
dress will bring a reply.

  I am enclosing a leaflet on homesteading that may
be of interest. Send for the leaflets mentioned; they
will supply you with full information which I have
not the space for; believe that the land office will be
able to fix you out. This leaflet is intended for those
who have means and are desirous of bringing the
homestead to a self-sustaining basis as quickly as
possible. Many, as you undoubtedly know, start
on a very small scale and work on neighboring
ranches to provide themselves with funds for im-
provements.

  Here are the names of persons who will, I am sure,
be glad to furnish you with any information you
may request.

  Mr. Chas. E. Hall, Secretary, Durango Exchange,
Durango, Colo. Mr. Hall can furnish you with au-
thentic information as to all of the San Juan basin.
Mr. Charles Bear, Secretary, Dolores Commercial
Club, Dolores, Colo., and Mr. F. M. Shidler, Cham-
ber of Commerce, Mancos, Colo. Then for litera-
ture on Moffat County, address a letter to Mr. W.
P. Finley, Craig, Colo.

  Should you decide to have a look at Northwest
Colorado, and' I am quite sure you will not regret
having done so, Craig should be the best place for
you and May or June the best time to have the
look; there is work to be had over there on ranches
or in the mines and I’ve an idea there will be an oil

excitment there next spring.	•

  Hope that this will fix you out; and if you think I
might be able to help any in the future, come again
at any time.

   Names and addresses of department
 editors and the exact field covered by
 each section are given in the next
 issue of the magazine. Do not write
 to the magazine itself.

___________ .
Ask Adventure

191

Homesteading in Portuguese East

    WHERE you must have a working
capital of at least $10,000 to hope
for success:

  Request:—"I would like to have some information
regarding Portuguese East Africa, and as you are
the only authority I know of, I am coming to you.
I intend to go down to Africa and settle, and I am
thinking about Portuguese East.

  How are living conditions down there? Is the
cost of living very high? Can land be had there for
a reasonable price? How about homesteading? Is
the soil fertile? How is the climate—is it healthy or
feverish?

  What is the general topography of the country
near the coast? Is it high or lowland; is it wooded,
or open veld; does it rain much, or enough for crops
to grow? What are the markets? I am thinking
about the country near the port of Beira—there
ought to be a good market there.

  What are the immigration laws there? Will a
person have any difficulty in landing? Any certain
amount of money required? What kind of money
is used and what is the rate of exchange? Would
$1,500 or $2,000 be enough to give me a, start?
I intend to go down there in April, as I think that is
the best time. Now I hope you don’t think I am
asking a lot of silly questions. There may be some
important thing I have forgotten at that, so please
give me all the information you can.— C. A.
Anderson, Los Angeles, Cal.

  Reply, by Mr. Warring:—I fear’that your capital
of 11,500 to $2,000 will not go very far in Portuguese
East Africa, in establishing you in any form of agri-
culture.

  However, I will give you what information I can.
The land laws have recently been changed and are
now as follows:

  Leases of lands for five year period, the so-called
entrada, are—

Land adjoining railways: 4,500 reis per hectare.

Five miles from a railway: 4,500 reis per hectare.

Next to navigable rivers: 4,500 reis per hectare.

  Along the sea-shore: 2,800 reis per hectare.

Ten kilometers from R.R.: 4,000 reis per hectare.

  Twenty kilometers and farther: 2,000 reis per
hectare.

  Forty-five hundred reis are equal at the present
time to about $4.50 American money.

  There are no free homesteads, and all govern-
ment lands are leased, as above. As I understand it,
the prices given above are not by the year, but for
a five-year term.

  Settlers are going into the Beira district more
freely of late, especially Germans, and the prices of
both developed and undeveloped lands and farms
are likely to advance.

  In general 1 may mention that the whole of East
Africa, Tanganyika, Kenya Uganda, and Portu-
guese East, are making great progress, more espe-
cially the first three.

  Coffee, sisal, flax, sugar, copra, maize, cotton,
wheat, oilseeds, dairying and wool are the main
agricultural industries.

  Cost of living somewhat higher than in the U. S.
The Savoy Hotel at Beira would charge you round
about $7 to $8 per day inclusive.

  Shipping and market facilities at Beira are good
and are expanding.

  Immigration laws are sound. You must have
$50.00 in your possession when landing.

  I am enclosing printed matter dealing with the
remainder of your questions.

  My personal opinion of the amount of capital you
should have to get a successful start in tropical
farming, would be around $10,000. I have a friend
of mine in Rhodesia, which territory joins Portu-
guese East Africa, who told me that $8,000 to $10,-

000	was the very least one should have.

  You can not toil under the African sun as you
could in California. In Africa the black man does
that for you.

  Since you do not propose to go until April next, I
will get in touch with some friends of mine in Beira,
and get the lay of the land for you. If you change
your address let me know.

Florida’s West Coast

WHERE to go and where to settle:

  Reqiiest:—“I would like to know something of the
coast below Fort Myers, Fla. If it is livable and
settled to any extent?

  I own ten acres at a place called River View about
nine miles up the river from Fort Myers. I have
never developed this property though I have had it
for some years. It faces on the riverfront and I
think, under certain conditions, is subject to over-
flow.

  I rather think I would like to dispose of this
property and invest the money in some place where

1	can build as near an ideal home as possible, close
to water, good grove soil, good fishing.

  I understand most of the development is at pres-
ent on the east coast. Would like your ideas as to
the most ideal location for such a home that could
be made with a moderate outlay of money.

  I like the Fort Myers section but it has the dis-
advantage of being too far from any good beaches.

  I wish to thank you in advance for your informa-
tion. Please do not publish my name.”— -

  Reply, by Mr. Liebe.—The coast below Ft. Myers
is settled thinly, there being few towns and those
very small, down to Marco, which also is very small;
Marco is on a little island that is separated from the
mainland by less than a quarter of a mile of water.
Below Marco, there isn’t very much of anything,
but mangrove and mosquitoes, a jumble of tiny is-
lands, scrubby woods, swamp, etc.

  I	don’t know the particular place, Riverview, you
mention, but unless it is very low it should have ad-
vanced in value within the last year. As for selling
it, I can’t help you there. I rather think you
would either have to get hold of some reliable real
estate man or else come down and see to the selling
yourself.

  It is a fact that most of the development down
here is on the east coast, though all of Florida is
growing. If I were looking for an ideal spot for a
home, I think I would pick on Orlando, Eustis,
or Lakeland, in central Florida. You would have
good water, and comparative freedom from mos-
quitoes in any of the three towns named, and on any
coast the water is bad and the mosquitoes ditto.
Water to drink, here, is mostly bought in bottles.
Central Florida has as good hunting, on an average,
and better fishing, unless you hire a cruiser and
192

Adventure

go out to the Gulf Stream at from $25 to $40
per day.

  Good coast towns, in my opinion, are Sarasota,
Tampa, and St. Petersburg, on the west coast; and
Daytona, Melbourne, and Ft. Lauderdale, on the
east coast.

  As to the cost of building, it would probably be a
little cheaper than in your present location, since
houses need not be built so well owing to the mild
climate.

  The east coast has, of course, the best beaches,
notably those from Palm Beach north, and espe-
cially those at Daytona and New Smyrna.

  The thing for you to do, unquestionably, is to
come down here and dispose of your land, and see
things for yourself. And after more than six years
in Florida, I like the interior, the center, of the State
far better than any of the coast regions.

  Your name will not be published in the event this
is used in the magazine, as you request.

Old Songs That Men Have Sung

    Devoted to outdoor songs, preferably hitherto unprinted—songs of the sea, the lumber-camps.
Great Lakes, the West, old canal days, the negro, mountains, the pioneers, etc. Send in what you have
or find, so that all may share in them.

    Although conducted primarily for the collection and preservation of old songs, the editor will
give information about modern ones when he can do so and IF all requests are accompanied with self-
addressed envelop and reply postage (NOT attached). Write to Mr. Gordon direct, NOT to
the magazine.

Conducted by R. W. GORDON, 4 Conant Hall, Cambridge, Mass.

EDITOR’S NOTE—Because of complications concerning copyright that developed at the last
moment it was necessary to omit from this issue the Old Songs department.

THE TRAIL AHEAD

JULY 20TH ISSUE

Besides the three complete novelettes mentioned on the
second contents page of this issue, the next Adventure will bring you
the following stories:

A MAN’S DOG

He counted coup again.

THE BOLD DRAGOON A Four-Part Story Part II

Hugh Bancroft goes a-sailing.

BOON OF THE WILDERNESS

They called the camp cook a coward.

FIVE POUNDS PER TON BONUS

America wanted dates—quickly.	,

YU DUCK, SEA LAWYER

He was such a help to the captain.

DOGIE

      The kid had a way with horses.

 Alanson Skinner

 Leonard H. Nat on
 Michael J. Phillips

Ralph R. Perry

Captain Mansfield

Chester T. Crowell

 STILL
FARTHE
AHEAD

                   The three issues following the next will contain long stories by Gordon
                   Young, Talbot Mundy, Gordon MacCreagh, Charles Victor Fischer, John Webb,
                   W. Townend, H. Bedford-Jones, Georges Surdez and Thomson Burtis; and short
                   stories by Raymond S. Spears, Walter J. Coburn, Fairfax Downey, Leslie McFarlane,
                   Percy Charles Chandler, Stanton C. Lapham, F. St. Mars, Nevil Henshaw, S. B. H.

                   Hurst, Alan Le May, Fred F. Fleischer, Rolf Bennett and others; stories of gold-
hunters in California, Romans in ancient Britain, explorers up the Amazon, gobs with the Atlantic fleet,
fur-trappers in the Northwest, cavalrymen with the A. E. F., Malay guides in Borneo, hardcase skippers on
the Caribbean, bullfighters in Gibraltar, cowboys on the Western range, adventurers the world around.
Touring
Coupe -
Coach -
Sedan -

                      Jor Economical Transportation

Roadster - $525

Commercial	C

Chassis-

Express	$5 50

Truck Chassis

ALL PRICES F. O. B.
FLINT, MICH.

Fine quality — beautiful appearance
— a smart Fisher body — Duco
finish—a low-cost car of great util-
ity for business and professional men
or as a second car for the family,

CHEVROLET MOTOR COMPANY. DETROIT, MICHIGAN
DIVISION OF GENERAL MOTORS CORPORATION

The Coupe

$715

/. o. b. Flint, Mich.
“Guess how the folks next door bought their car”

          Over 165,000 families have taken advantage of our easy pay-
          ment terms. Here is the easiest way to own your automobile

                 This convenient plan makes it possible for anyone to own
                 an automobile. It is a wonderful arrangement. It brings
                 the automobile within the reach of very limited incomes.

Now—under this plan, you can buy a car as easily and con-
veniently as you buy a phonograph or a vacuum cleaner.
This remarkable plan has made it possible for 165,000 fam-
ilies—many in the most humble circumstances—to have their
own cars. Even though your earnings are very small, you
can buy a car under this plan without missing the money.
Thousands whose incomes are undoubtedly much less than
yours are buying their automobiles today this way. You can
do the same. Write NOW for your copy of “The Ford Plan.”

Every family should own an automobile. It brings untold
health and pleasure to the owner—it increases your business
possibilities. If you have thought that a car was beyond
your reach,let us prove to you that it is not. It costs nothing
to investigate. No matter how small or large your earnings
may be, this plan offers you the easiest, simplest, quickest
and surest way to own a car. You owe it to yourself at least
to investigate. You have always intended to own a car.
Don’t postpone now. Fill out the coupon this very minute
and MAIL IT TODAY.

 Our booklet, “The Ford
 Plan” will be mailed
 gladly to anyone upon
 request. It carries an
 interesting message
 that everyone should
 read. And most of all,
 it will show you how
 you can soon drive
 your own car.

Mail This Coupon
Now. This Book
Will he Sent by
Return Mail.

C O

FORD MOTOR COMPANY
Dept. F-l., Detroit, Michigan
Please send me your book, The Ford
Plan” which fully explains your easy
plan for owning an automobile.

Name--

R F. D. Box or St. & No.-

IT IS EASY TO OWN A CAR BY USING THIS PLAN

 Town

 State