
'

\

Your "year ahead" gas range

automatic electric rang*

New Luxury Gas Range
40" wide ... at a price that
sets the pace in value

KALAMAZOO STOVE & FURNACE CO.
501 Rochester Ave., Kalamazoo 6, Mich.

HOME APPLIANCES BY

,fMLAMAZOO

QUALITY LEADERS SINCE 1901

You’re years ahead with this new Gas
Range in beauty, design, workman-
ship, value. Full 18" “Thermagic"
oven. “Flame-Ray” tenderizing broiler.
One-piece “Uniflow” top. Extra stor-
age in ball-bearing compartments.

   See the greatest group of range and
furnace values in Kalamazoo history.
Also refrigerators and washing ma-
chines. See them soon at your nearest
Kalamazoo store or department store.
Write today for information about
dealer franchise.

range

THE MAGAZINB OF WEIRD MYSTERYl

        comumid WITH 10 STORY MYSTERY

NOVEMBER ISSUE OUT SEPT. 4th!

Volume 33

Number 4

A SPINE-TINGLING MYSTERY NOVEL

DIG YOUR OWN MURDER!................................................W. T. Ballard 10

          The Spanish treasure sweet Sue Pedarre and I dug up that night in the dark
          was a hot stack of black market G-notes, and hailstorm of white-hot death 1

            TWO DRAMATICALLY-PACED NOVELETTES
THE POOL OF FEAR..........................................................................Ken Lewis 36

           Later, I knew I had been a wild fool, but the decayed, vine-covered house, the
           bottomless pit of the pool, and most of all, beautiful mad Ellen, lured me ever
           closer into the baited trap. ...

DEAD MEN DON’T BLEED.....................................................William Rough 84

           The gilded pleasure-seekers of the Colony Plaza couldn't help McGlynn as he
           raced through the dead-end maze of that luxury palace, pursued by two kill-
           hungry crooks who planned him as the finish of their feast of death!

               EICHT COMPELLING SHORT STORIES
C.O.D.—CASH, OR DEATH!...................................—...........Henry Norton 25

           The plans on John Severn’s drafting board were for his own murder I

DEATH’S OLD SWEET SONG..........................................George William Rae 32

           Tonight Bluebird gave her farewell performance, in the chair 1 It was strictly
           solo—unless she could make a murder-maestro sing too 1

THE WORM IN THE ROOT.........................................................Ken Kessler 48

           Young Sandy’s worms were great bait—for fish, or killers 1

THE WHITE SQUARE........................................................Everett M. Webber 54

           Dirk drove the devil’s buckboard to the sulphorous gates of Hell!

EASY KILL..................................................................................William Heilman 58

           Too-slick Rick pressed the doorbell that lighted the path of his own doom.

RED DAWN..:.........................................................................................Don James 62

           Right beside the clicking teletypes, newshawk Larry Halden found a story that
           for him was hotter than the hot squat 1

ONE LAST SONG FOR FLORA............................r.................Dorothy Dunn 70

          Her pale dead fingers, groping from the lacy tissue of the candy box were
          Flora’s last appeal to Eddie.

BLIND DATE WITH THE DEVIL...............................................John Bender 77

           Marion Carter actually tried to keep her date with Peath!

—AND—

MYSTERY’S DARK PORTALS............................-..................A Department 6

          What’s coming up on the murder-mystery menu.

MACABRE MUSEUM..........................................................Mayan 8C Jakobsson 35

           The live voice of the dead bride spoke up at her wedding 1

Published bi-monthly by Popular PubUcatlons, Inc.. at 2256 Grove Street. Chicago. 16. Illinois. Editorial and Executive
Odlces. 205 East 42nd Stieet, New York. 17. N. Y. Ilenrj Steeger, President and Secretary, Harold S. Goldsmith, \ice-
Prosldent and Treasurer. Entered as second-class matter September li 1944. at the Post Office. at Chicago. Illinois, undet the
Act of March 3. 1879. Copyright. 1946, by Popular Publications. Inc. This Issue is published simultaneously in the Dominion
o( Canada. Copyright under the International Copyright Convention and Pan American Copyright Conventions. All right!
reserved, including the right of reproduction, in whole or in part. In any form. Slnglo copy. 15c. Annual subscription for
U.S.A., Its possessions and Canada. J.90; other countries 25c additional. Send subscriptions to 205 East 42nd 8treet, New
York. 17. Kk Y. For advertising rates, address Sam 3. Perry. 205 East 42nd Street, New York, 17. N. Y. When subralttln*
manuscripts, enclose stamped, self-addressed envelope for their return. If found unavaUable. The publishers will exercise
care In the handling of unsolicited manuscripts, but assume no reeponslbluty for their return. Any resemblance between
any character, a wearing in Actional matter, and any person, living or dead, la entirely coincidental and unlntentlMUl.

Printed 1b the U.8.A.	.
            Yes, thousands of ambitious men transformed I. C. S. coupons into "magic
            carpets,” on which they rode to success and prosperity. The coupons they
            mailed brought them information, and when they learned how little it
            costs to enroll for I. C. S. training, and how clearly and understandably
            I. C. S. presents the most involved subjects, they jumped at the chance to
            get a solid foundation for success—modem training! I. C. S. offers you a
            way to acquire sound, practical training in a surprisingly short time. Act
            now! Mail this coupon for information;

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

 Without cost or obligation, pie

Air Conditioning and
Plumbing Course*

 fAir Conditioning
 Heating □ Plum bin*
 Refrigeration □ Stoem Fitting
 Chemletry Courses

 □	Chemical Engineering

 □	Chemistry. Analytical

 □	Chemistry. Industrial

 □	Chemistry, Mfg. Iron A Steel

 □	Petrol on m Refining □ Plastice

 □	Pulp and Paper Making
 Civil Engineering, Architec-
 tural and Mining Couraee

 □	Architeotural Drafting

 □	Architecture

 □	Bridge and Building Foreman

 □	Building Estimating

 □	Civil Engineering

 □	Coal Mining

 □	Contracting and Building

       BOX 3280-V, SCRANTON 9. PENNA.

 send me full particular* about the course be/ore which I have marked X:

                 nr.J___ i _*____i____x__.11. a..

□	Structural Engineering

□	Surveying and Mapping
Communication* Courses

□	Electronic*

B Practical Telephony
Radio, General

□	Radio Operating

□	Radio Servicing

□	Telegraph Engineering
Electrical Course*

□	Electrical Drafting

□	Electrical Engineering

□	Electric Light and Power

□	lighting Technician

□	Practical Electrician
Internal Combuition
Engine* Cour*«*

□	Auto Technician □ Aviation

□	Diesel-Electric

3 Industrial Engineering
(J Industrial Metallurgy

□	Machine Shop

□	Mechanical Drafting

□	Mechanical En

□	Mold-Loft Woi
D Paltcrnmaking—Wood, Metal
D Reading Shop Blueprints

□	Sheet-Metal Drafting

□	Sheet-Metal Worker

□	Ship Drafting □ Ship Fitting

□	Tool Designing

□	Toolmaking

□	Welding—Gas and Electric
Railroad Course*

□	Air Brake □ Car Inspector

□	Diesel Locomotive

□	Locomotive Engineer

□	Locomotive Fireman

 Diesel Engine* □ C.a* Engine □ Railroad Section Foreman

] Lumbar 1.......

 3 Reading Structural Bluepriote
 ] Sanitary Engineering
 ] Structural Drafting

Mochanlcal Court

□	Aeronautical Engineering

□	Aircraft Drafting
O Flight Engineer

B Foundry Work

Heat Treatment of Metals

..ige-

 Steam Engineering Course*

  □	Boilermaking

  □	Combustion Engineering

  □	Engine Running

 □	Marine Engineering	_ ____ -----—

  □	Steam Electric □ Steam Engine* □ Traffic Management
  Home

 —Addrai

Textll* Course*

□	Cotton Manufacturing

□	Rayon Weaving

□	Textile Designing

□	Woolen Manufactur&S
Business and
Aoademio Course*

B Accounting □ J
Arithmetic □ Bookkeeping

□	Business Correspondence

□	Business Management

□	Certified Publio Accounting

□	Commercial

□	Cost Accounting

□	Federal Tax

□	First Year College

□	Foromanship □ French

□	Good English □ High School

□	Higher Mathematke

□	Illustrating □ Motor Traffio

□	Postal Service

□	Salesmanship □Secretarial

□	Sign Lettering

□	Spanish □Stenography

(Wn-

-Present P**i

Working H*

-P.M.

Length of Service fa World War II.

Canodlm retidenlt Bend coupon 1c Inltrnttimul Corrinondeno* Beltcalt Canadian, Ltd., Montreal, Canada.
BrUlih resident/ lend coupon to I. O. S., 71 £in0KMV. London, V. 0. t. England.
FOR two days and nights, a pair of Scot-
land Yard’s ace detectives had been
staked out in that room in a luxurious
West End London apartment. Their eyes
were glued to a peep-hole in the floor and
they were watching and recording every mo-
tion of the attractive girl in the apartment
below. Headquarters had detailed them to the
job after having received a mysterious, yet
seemingly authentic, tip that the woman’s
life was in danger.

  The lonely, seemingly thankless vigil con-
tinued, until they heard a door spring open.
Followed the angry cry of a man’s voice. To
the detectives’ consternation, the man never
once stepped into the field of vision of the
peep-hole, and then to their complete bewil-
derment, the girl also stepped out of sight!

  Suddenly they heard a shrill scream, closely
followed by a shot. Racing down the stairs,
they broke into the apartment to find the
woman murdered, and the man completely
vanished, without an apparent trace.

  The eerie quality of this case came to mind
today when we read Cyril Plunkett’s new
novelette, “Terror On Twelfth.” Let’s see if
you agree.

  Jean Kirkwood, a serious blue-eyed ex-
fashion model, found herself peering through
a haze of uncertainty into the life of her hand-
some young husband, Bert Kirkwood. Upon
him fortune had smiled; he was gay, hand-
some—and highly successful.

  But who was he? Who were his friends?
What had he done before they had met during
the war and were married after a whirlwind
romance? The answers to these questions,
like the identity of ahe strange killer in the
6

London apartment, were outside Jean’s field
of vision.

  Then suddenly—again, like the shot which
the detectives heard—a shred of the answer
came to her in a mysterious, sinister phone
call when a froggy voice croaked over the
wire, “You wouldn’t want your husband sent
to prison, lady, would you?” That was all.
But the terrifying calls kept coming, day
after day. . ..

    “Did you think it over?”

    “Who are you?” she whispered.

    He laughed. “Wait a minute, Mrs. Kirk-
. wood. This is business. I’m in business,
and business can be risky. Get it?”

     “I don’t know what you’re talking about I"
   “You didn’t tell your husband?”

    “Not—not yet,” she admitted.

    “Okay! You get in a cab, and tell the
  driver Ilonny’s Bar, on Twelfth. He’ll
  know where it is. You look in the last
  booth. I’ll be waiting. ‘Mike,’ you say.
  And I’ll say, ‘Hello, Mrs. Kirkwood.’ Then
  we’ll know we’re on the right track, and
  we’ll sit down and talk business. You bring
  —oh, say couple hundred, as a retainer.”
  She had just two hours. Her whole life,
  and Bert’s—yes, the little fellow’s too—
  was to be decided in 120 minutes. Two
  hundred dollars? That in itself was noth-
  ing. It was what would come next. . . .

    “Honny’s?” said the cab driver. His
  card read John J. Mudge; he was young
  and brown and brawny. Then he grinned.
  “You sure you’ve got that right, Miss?”
  It's a dump, Miss.”

(Continued on page 8)
\

  J

 Your Photo Retumsd in Ptrfirt Condition

 Any negative, o« photograph yog tend ua, wc wfU return promptly In
 perfect erudition. Smd any auL fuB lrn« th or bus. .ie*. indMdu*
 ®* fToupa. So hurry and fijl ant the coupon -We our special introductory
 price ii nill in effrcc. When you actually see Am GOLD-TONE
 STATUETTES vou’Il wonder why yom mr did without the rich, warm,
 "•lmoat-living" dasJv companionship they being you Co enjoy. Il'i th*
 perfect gift! And the perfect tribute 10 loved ooe* no longer with you.
 wboae memory means more than an ordinary photograph can signify.

Your Photo Reti

Any nrjatiw. o. pho.ojr.pi
perfect condition. Send any
or group*. So hurry and tip ei
price ia atill in aff««. Wt
5TATT.fr I you'll wonder
"almoit" living" dasJv compai
perfect gift! And the perfee

   modern tempered Maionitt with a
   iturdy.lieht-ione, hardwood ba»e,
   a OOIO-TONE STATUETTE tran*.

 IMPERIAL

                        - NEGATIVE
                        Pieaae make me -.Sutuei
                        PieM. make me Sr
                        Colored .b oil, at |l.9« a
                        negative returned unhara
                        NAME. ... _

                                        «•« W.KI

             CITY.---

rwtiufMMi-ncwuir
#t tka itetata." until "(•
Mr" rtjM btltn IV* uni

PICTURES OF YOUR LOVED ONES

COME 70 LIFE”

When made into a

                    SO KEALI SO 1HRILLIN0LY LIFELIKE!

 A COLD TONE STATUETTE tranafonna that pic-
 ture of baby, that anapahoc of your .Mrathaart,
 motbir, father, liatrr, brother or friend-nca Ox
 family pet-into la almoet.living image. Mounted
 on tempered Maionite with a hardwood ban, •
 OOLD-TONE STATUETTE atanda charmingly by
 Litialf on you labia, radio or dresaer. Ii givo you •

  SPECIALI

STATUETTES IN COLOR

Yn, you can bare and cojj, jour
OOUJ TONB 5TATVETTB l> Ml, hi-
oi.l color, tool For only one dollar
earn. 001 aktllcd porrnll artlau vlll
carefully color youa miuatu In lick
od tinta. Sutumee in color ba&ae to
"raal- you almoat aapacl tkea 10 au»/

 truly companionable "imall.edition" of a dear oaa
 you want with you alwayi. And It'l all ao ewy to gall
 You limply tend uj your photo, anapabot « negative
 and « carefully reproduce it by our MW OOUJTONB
 Photographic Ptoccae. Then, aftar mounting the re-
 production on jta life-like cut.out, we ihlp il Ism
 mediately for you to enjoy and cheriah lotaw

fflo	S? /»

The New and Better

BANDMASTER

                            'A.

  Adjustable, Expansion Stainless Steel

VM WATCH BAND

 TAX FREE
 POST PAID

Cheek
These Features

★	Guaranteed Stainless Steel

★	Will not Tarnish or Rust

★	Super-Flexible — Adjustable

★	Fits Any Watch — Any Wrist
   De Luxe 18-Kt. Gold Plated
   BANDMASTER WATCH BAND

    WITH STAINUSS STEEL IACK.
    WAUAKTED TAfiHlSH-PROOF

 ronriw

 TUTIII

Bandmaster Makes Any Watch Look Good
. . . and Good Watches Look Better!

 Yes, Bandmaster, at it* truly low affordable price ii the
 expensive looking, expensive performing, tarnish-proof
 watch band the world has been waiting fori So flexible
 so lightweight, so everlastingly smart! End bothersome
 buckle-fussing with shabby, quick-aging leather bands.
 Order your easy-on, easy-off Bandmaster I

 GENERAL SALES SUPPLY—Dept. B124
 608 So. Dearborn St.—Chicago 5, 111.

Pleaie ruih Bandmaiter Expansion Watch Banda checked off
below. If not delighted I may return within 5 days for refund.
CHECK 0HE

 Sttinleo Steel . . . □ 1 for f2 □ 2 for )[JJO □ 3 for «5
 Gold Plated . . . . □ 1 for *3 □ 2 for >5.50 □ 3 for fa

 D lam mrlnaing f.....- ■	payment In full

 □	Ship COX*. I will pay peatman > ________plul portage

 Plaaa. Mat Clierly

Addrcaa_
8

MYSTERY’S DARK PORTALS

(Continued from page 6)

    Her voice caught. “Yes, I’m afraid so.”
Still he watched her in the mirror.
' “You’ll want me to wait, Miss?”

    Suddenly she liked his face there in the
  mirror. “Yes, I’ll be out in fifteen min-
  utes.”

    So she went to keep her appointment
  with Mike. ... It was a bizarre rendezvous,
  she found, for when she arrived, Mike was
  a corpse 1

  After that, her mind was a little hazy,
Honny, Ed, Soo, Lux—all men from the bar—
the taxi driver and the wild procession of ex-

plosive events whirled and kaleidoscoped
through her frightened mind. But even so,
there remained the deep inner urgency to look
behind the dark curtain which separated her
from Bert.

  Then, crouched in the rear of the black-
mailer’s car, things were becoming only too
clear. . . .

  She cringed in the farther corner, on the
floor. Soo’s hand grabbed her, held her by
the neck. Then the car door opened—and
closed. Honny was inside now. Soo was still
there, in his corner. And. . . . Mike lay on
the floor. She’d met him at last, introduced by
death. His body pressed against her, and she
shuddered. ...

    Honny said, “Where’s the blanket?”

    Ed had the blanket. Ed stuck his face in
  the door. He said to Honny, “Here’s to a
  nice trip, kid.”

    “Get the joint open, Ed. Everything the
  way it should be. Get a couple of the boys
  down here, in case the cops show up to-
  morrow. You know—we were upstairs all
  evening, playing poker.”

    Honny pulled the car door shut. Then he
  said, “All right, Mrs. K. You can have a

  rough out, or a smooth one. You know I
  play for kfceps. You know I don’t argue—
  you saw what happened to Mike. Okay. I
  want to know what the pitch was with
  Mike.”

   Lux was crawling in behind the wheel.
 Lux turned, looked across the seat at them.
 Soo and Honny sat there.

   “Come on, Mrs. K.,” Honny said, his
 voice sharper. “We haven’t got all night.
 Mike called you this afternoon. That
 right ?-”

    She murmured a faint, “Yes.”

    “But are you sure he didn’t contact your
  husband?”

   Yes or no? By which would she now
 gain an advantage? Before she could de-
 cide, though, Honny said, “I get it, He
 didn’t. Mike said he didn’t, and I guess it
 checks. I don’t get his angle. How come
 he buzzed you? Where do you stand on
 Leslie?”

   Leslie? Her mind began whirling fas-
 ter, the merry-go-round to spin faster.
 Leslie? Was that name a brass ring, that
 somehow, she must reach out and grab
 quickly? A ring to save her—or bring her
 death ?

    Then Honny snarled savagely, “Come on,
  Mrs. K. Leslie—the guy who was mur-
  dered.”

  For a moment her heart ceased to beat. All
the long, long day she had tried to feel Bert’s
past. She had wondered if it had been a
stolen car, some escapade way back in Bert’s
youth. She’d wondered if he’d held a job of
some importance, somewhere once, and stolen
money. She knew she should have made Bert
open the book before their marriage. Didn't a
girl knarry more than a man? Didn’t she
marry his past, too? But she’d loved Bert,
and to love him was to trust him. She’d never,
even in her wildest fancies, conceived that in
his past there might be a murder.

 That’s what we mean by “eerie”. That’s
the way “Terror On Twelfth” grips you as
you race through its pages to find out what
dark secret actually had happened to Bert,
which would bring himself, his lovely wife
and child into the grim shadow of lurking
death.

  The story will appear in the next issue of
Dime Mystery Magazine, and we feel that it
will bring the readers, as it did to us, a spine-
chilling sense of impending menace, tense
drama and convincing human color.

  You’ll find many other thrilling and com-
pelling novelettes, and short stories in the
forthcoming issue, written by masters of
murder-mystery fiction, and to be published
September 4th 1

—THE EDITOR
The Smash-Hit Baseball Story of the Year!

 1-1 ERE is the baseball fan’, thrill of
 a lifetime—the action-packed, in-
 timate story of "Jolting Joe" DiMaggio,
 "The Yankee Clipper"—TOLD IN
 HIS OWN WORDSI
 Everyone, young and old, who has
 ever thrown or swatted the horsehide
 —every rooter who has ever yelled
 himself hoarse over a game—every
 teal American will get a tremendous
 kick out of Joe's great book, "Lucky
 to Be ■ Yankee," Here IS Baseball!
 —as real, as crackling, as exciting as a
 stinger to right field I

   Joe pulls no punches—on himself or
 anyone else. He tells his mistakes as
 well as his triumphs. He takes you into
 the dugouts and out on the diamond
 with scores of the greatest players who

 WHAT OTHER BIC LEAGUERS
 SAY ABOUT |0E DiMACCIO:
 “One of the great outfielders of all
 time."—Branch Rickey.

 "The greatest break I erer got as a
 pitcher was that Joe was on my Bide.”
 —Lefty Gomez.

 ‘1 hsro managed a lot of great hall
 plasm. and .Toe Is ono of tho greateat."
 —Joe McCarthy.

  "In my opinion Joe does eroythlng per-
  taining to Baseball In the right way."—
  Connie Mack.

 •He la as good a haH player as ever
 put on a spiked shoe."—Joe Cronin.
 "Joe DiMaggio keeps allre the Murder-
 or’a Row reputation of the Yankees."—
 Babe Ruth.

 ever held a mitt. Grandstands are
 jammed, bases loaded, and you are
 right THERE with Joe, seeing the
 game through DiMaggio's eyes and liv-
 ing it with him every breathless mo-
 ment I

HOW TO HIT AND FIELD

   What a book!—244 pages, with 34
 pictures of Baseball's greatest stars.
 What's more — Joe has written one
 whole section telling hit own secrets of
 Hitting and Outfielding, Choosing a
 Bat, How to Stand at the Plate, Tim-
 ing, the Swing, Picking Your Hits, the
 Grip, Bunting, Runs and Slides, Catch-
 ing Flies — exactly the things you'd
 want Joe himself to tell you.

   Granttand Rice has written the
 Foreword to "Lucky To Be a Yankee"
 and James A. Farley the Introduction.
 It even has special pages for players’
 autographs. And now you can —

READ IT FREE!

   Yes—you need send no money with
 the coupon. Simply check the edition
 you prefer — paper cover, or cloth-
 bound edition. When postman delivers
 your book, read it for 7 days. If not
 delighted simply return it for full
 refund. But copies are limited. Mail
 coupon NOW—TODAY—to

 - A. POGGIN

 3S4 Blcccker St., New York 14, N. Y.
 PUBLISHED BY RUDOLPH FIELD

“INSIDE DOPE*
PLAYERS,

 Ernie Bonham
 Lou Boudreau
 Tommy Bridges
 Spud Chandler
 Mickey Cochrane
 u-l Coombs

 Paul Derringer
 Bill Dickey

 Dnm DiMaggio
 Vince DiMaggio
 Bob Feller
 Jimmy Fox*

 Lou Gehrig
 Charley Gehringer
 Lefty Gomes
 Hank Greenberg
 Lefty Grove

 • ON ISO Q It EAT
 INCLUDING!

     Mel Harder
     Gabby Hartnett
     Carl MUbbell
     Joe Jackson
     Walter Johnson
     Ken Keltner
     Dutch Leonard
     Pepper Martin
     Joe Medwlck
     Bobo Kewsomo
     Mel OU
     Wally Plpp
     Schoolboy Rowe
     Babe Ruth
     Hal Schumacher
     A1 Simmons
     Arky Vaughan
     Ted Williams
     *udy York

  : a. pocqin

  I 364 Bleecker St., New York 14, N. Y.

     Please rush mo at once "LUCKY TO
  I BE A YANKEE" by JOE DIMAGGIO. In
  ■ the edition 1 havo checked below. When
  | postman delivers my copy, I will deposit

  I with him correct amount, plua few cents
  postage and handling charge. It is under-
  . stood that if I am not completely dc*
  I lighted with the book. I may return it

  I" within 7 daya for refund. Send me (check
  the one you want>—
  n Paper-Cover Edition, $1.00
  | □ De Luxe Clothbound Edition, $3.00

I Nam*............................

j Address ..........................

| City....................

JOE DiMAGGIO’S

OWN STORY!

  £ How he rose from the sandlots of San Francisco
  to “tops” in Big League Baseball!

  A What happened in the most exciting

  moments of the past 10 years of the game!

  0 True facts and inside stories about 150 of
  the stars Joe has played with and against!

  0 What was said and scrapped over in
  hotel rooms, locker rooms and dugouts!

  0 Famous throws, hits, and "tight spots,"
  described by the player who was IN
  them!

Q PLUS—A wonderful sec-
   tion crammed with
   own secrets of
   swatting, and
   NINC THE GAME!
DIG YOUR OWN

 Who wouldn’t help out a lovely gal like Sue Pedarre, when she wanted
 a strong arm to dig up a fortune in buried gold? I never knew that each
 spadeful of earth I dug in the dark of the moon was coming from my

                             own grave!
 MURDER ♦ W. T. BALLARD

Mystery Novel of the Year!

CHAPTER ONE

Home of the Dead

DID you ever go on a treasure hunt? I
don’t mean the game which is some-
thing like a paper chase. I mean the
real thing.

  I did. I thought I was too smart for any-
thing like that, but everyone has a wgak point.
I guess mine was a blonde. I can’t explain
ever getting mixed up in the foolishness any
other way.

   It all started when Malcom Ramus sent for
me. Ramus didn’t look like a professor. He
looked like a snow bird. He was a little guy
with a pointed nose and brown eyes which
stood out from his face like two half-buried
marbles.

   His office was one flight up in an old ram-
shackle building on Rampart a couple of blocks
off Canal. The black letters on the glass panel
of the door read, Information on Anything,
M. Ramus. A very modest guy, the professor.

   He always gave me a laugh. Maybe that’s
' why I kept up a contact with him. He knew

ii
12

W. T. BALLARD

the town like the back of his hand, and all
about the people in it, both living and dead.

  What he didn’t know he could find in his
books. The books occupied the room at the
rear and they nearly filled it, piled in huge
stacks which reached almost to the dirty ceil-
ing. There must have been six or seven thou-
sand, but Ramus could find the one he wanted
within a couple of minutes. He must have
had a card index in his head.

  His income wasn’t very good or very cer-
tain. The library called him occasionally,
the university asked him questions, and he
lectured once in awhile. Sometimes he bor-
rowed money from me. I suspected that he
wished to borrow some on the afternoon he
phoned but I was wrong. He wanted me to
meet a girl.

  The girl gave me butterflies. She was so
blonde that her hair looked almost white in
the ray of afternoon' sun which crept in
through Ramus’ dusty windows. Her eyes
were blue and very dark. Her lashes dark too
and it made a startling effect.

  She wore a shark-skin suit and she was the
kind of person who could wear tailored clothes
and still look very, very like a woman.

  I caught my breath. I like pretty women.
Who doesn’t?

  Ramus said, “This is Van Kerby, the best
detective in North America.”

“The world,” I told her, playing it straight.
“This is Sue Pedarre.” The little professor
looked at her as if she’d been made of rare
porcelain, “and this is her attorney, Boyd
Henderson.”

  Henderson shook hands. He was big, fifty
perhaps, a well conditioned fifty which spoke
of plenty of golf or maybe hand ball.

  “I’ve heard of you,” he said.

  I let that pass. A lot of people had heard
of Kerby and Smith. We pride ourselves that
we have the biggest agency in the south.

  “What gives?” I was watching the girl. I
liked watching her. I thought I could sit
there for a long, long time, just looking.

  Ramus said, “Miss Pedarre belongs to one
of the old families. However she wasn’t born
here but in California.”

  I looked at the girl. The name was certainly
French, but that blondness, “They raise them
nice in California,” I said.

  Ramus ignored me. The girl tried to. The
lawyer cleared his throat.

  “One of her ancestors,” said Ramus, “was
a smuggler, or a trader—a pirate perhaps.
His name was Henri, Henri Pedarre. He is
supposed to have financed some of the Lafitte
operations, although I’ve never been able to
connect him directly with the brothers.”

  I waved this aside. I wasn’t concerned with
history. “Well?”

  “At any rate, he was killed in the battle of

New Orleans. Before he died, he told his
wife that he’d buried a fortune. She never
found it although she spent her life looking.
Her sons never found it. The story of the
treasure became a legend in the family.”

  “So now Miss Pedarre is hunting the treas-
ure?” I started to reach for my hat which
I’d placed on the floor beside my chair. “Well,
I wish her luck.”

  “Wait,” said Ramus, and there was an
urgency in his voice. “She found a chart. It
was in an old trunk lid. It’s evidently been
there since Henri Pedarre hid it after burying
his gold.” He reached into his desk, drew out
a piece of parchment and handed it to me.

  I took it unwillingly. Almost every old
property in the state has its own story of
buried treasure. Some of them may be true.
The fact remains that not many have been
found.

  I looked at the chart. It seemed to be the
plan of a house, or of a number of plantation
buildings. Below the plan were three columns
of numbers and to the right was a silly jingle.

    Start at the center and turn to the right.

     From Y to A and V to D,

    The bishop's longest move you see.

      Dropping squares at bottom and right,

    And using only those which are white,

      You have no place for the letter Z.

T READ it over twice. Then shook my head,
passing it back. “Sorry, I’m not good at
puzzles.”

  Ramus said, “You don’t understand. I
didn’t send for you to solve this. I've already
solved it.”

  “You have?” I looked at him completely
startled.

  “And a very simple matter.” He wasn’t
bragging, merely stating a fact. “It only took
me two hours. You see, anyone familiar with
chess would spot it at once.”

  “What’s chess got to do with it?”

  “The bishop,” he explained, “is one of the
pieces used in a chess game. He moves di-
agonally across the board. Therefore the
bishop’s longest move would be from the upper
left hand corner of the board perhaps to the
right lower.”

  He opened his desk again and produced a
chess board. “You see.” He drew a line with
his finger.

“Go on.” I didn’t see, but I was listening.
“All right. Now, half the board squares
are white, half black. The rhyme says to use
only the white squares, and also to ignore the
bottom row and the row to the right.

  “Now, when a chess board is correctly
placed, so,” he turned the board, “A is in the
upper white corner, Y at the other end of
the diagonal if we ignore the row at the bot-
DIG YOUR OWN MURDER!

13

tom and right, thus,” He arranged the letters
hurriedly.

  “You see?”

  I stared at the board. “Okay, if you say
so. What now?”

  “These columns of numbers.” He explained.
“Take the first number 23335. You notice that
in 110 place does a one appear. Therefore I
figured that they began counting with one.
Now your rhyme. The first line is, Start
from the center and turn to your right. I
started in the center of the board first. It didn’t
work. I then started in the center of the first

line. Try it, counting the square between B
and C as one. It will come out D. I won’t
bore you with working out each number. The
cipher reads:

      “Dig ten paces from the post
      Where the whip is used the most."

I stared doubtfully at the columns of figures.
“All right, if you say so. But if you’ve
solved the cipher, what do you need with me?”
The lawyer interrupted. “Frankly, Mr.
Kerby, we’re scared.”

I turned to look at him. He didn’t seem
scared, nor was he the type of guy who I’d
expect to scare easily. “Scared of what?”
He shook his head. “We don’t know. Miss
Pedarre’s luggage has been searched twice
since her arrival, and she’s been followed.”
I grinned at the girl. “I can think of sev-
eral reasons why she should be followed that
have nothing to do with buried treasure.”
She flushed, the color coming up into her
face. The lawyer made a noise in his throat.
It was obvious that he did not appreciate
my little joke.

  Ramus said, hurriedly, “It’s simple, Van.
Miss Pedarre wants to hire you. She’s afraid
that if she goes out to dig up the treasure,
someone will hi-jack it before she gets back.”

  I shrugged. “I’ll send an operative. It will
cost you twenty-five dollars and expenses.”
The girl spoke up, almost for the first time.
Her voice was low, yet warm and -throaty.
“Wouldn’t you go yourself? I’d feel much
safer.”

  I looked at her. “When does this digging

take place?”

  “Tonight.”

  “You and his nibs?” I nodded toward the
lawyer.

  “I can’t go,” he said. “I’ve got an important
meeting. If I could, I wouldn’t need you.”
Our eyes measured each other. I thought,
I’m pretty much in my own line, but to this
bird, I’m just another hired man. He’s not
going to like me with his blonde girl, but he
can’t help himself.

  “Okay,” I said. “You’re hired yourself a
digging man, but just where do we dig. That
rhyme isn’t very clear.”

  “In the old slave quarters,” said Ramus.
“Where else do you think they used a whip
around there?”

  We drove out the old river road. I know
that country pretty well and I’m familiar with
the old plantations. Once it was a place of
beauty, of life, but that was some time back.
Most of the old houses have boards at their
windows now, and the land has gone back,
neglected and uncared for.

  It wasn’t really worried about the girl being
followed. I’ve found that treasure seekers are
usually given to screwy ideas.

  But I didn’t say that as we drove along
the sweeping road. “How long since you’ve
seen the place?” I asked.

CUE PEDARRE shook her head. “I’ve
^ never seen it I inherited it from an uncle
a couple of years ago. Mr. Henderson came
down once to look at it. We’ve been trying
to sell, but we haven't found a buyer.”

  A lot of the old places are for sale, and a
lot of them have failed to find buyers. The
country isn’t what it once was. It’s kind of
empty now, a little desolute, its productivity
mostly gone.

  “How’d you happen to find the cipher?”
She smiled. “That was an accident. When
Mr. Henderson was down here he sold the
old furniture, but he shipped several old
trunks up San Francisco. I didn’t want them
so we decided the best thing to do was to
burn them. The cipher was hidden in one of
the lids.”

  “Henderson there when you found it?”
  She nodded.

  “He seems to be around most of the time?”
  “He’s an old family friend,” she said.

  I tried to make something of that. I had
directions from Ramus how to find the place.
He’d even told me how to park. “There’s an
14	W. T. BALLARD

I	»	—■ i i ■ ■■ ■	—

old lane,” he said. “You can pull into that
and walk across the field to the slave quar-
ters. That way, anyone following you won’t
see the car.”

  I’d laughed. The idea of anyone actually
following us had struck me as funny. But I
did watch the rear view mirror all the way
from town. I was certain we hadn't been fol-
lowed.

  I parked the car in the lane and took up
the pick and shovel I’d brought. The whole
setup made me feel ridiculous, but the blonde
being with me made it fun. We started across
the field toward where the old house made a
dark outline against the sky.

  Nothing bothers me usually, but as we
walked across the rough ground I had the
sensation of ants crawling up and down my
back. Maybe it was the girl’s excfltement, for
she was nervous.

  The hand resting on my arm pressed hard
enough so that they should have been able
to take her finger prints off my hide.

  “Relax,” I said. “I’m going to have to use
that arm to dig with.”

  Instead of relaxing, her grip tightened and
her voice had the breathless dry quality which
can be put there only by fear.

  “Look.”

  I turned to look. At first I saw nothing to
cause her excitement, then I saw the dark
outline of a car parked in the shadow of the
trees.

  “Someone’s here,” she whispered. “Some-
one is after the treasure.”

  “Probably neckers.”

  I placed the shovel and pick on the ground.
“Just some kids making woo. Wait here until
I see.”

  I moved forward then, loosening the gun
under my arm. I was nervous, and getting
more so for as I crossed the drive, leading
back to the old house, I realized that it had
been used recently, used quite a lot for a
supposedly deserted place.

  I had the gun free. I felt better with its
solidness in my hand, a nice gun, a thirty-
eight on a forty-five frame with the grip
specially built to fit my hand. Then I edged
onward, listening for voices. There were none.
The car was empty.

  I looked it over with care, nothing re-
markable, a cheap sedan, five years old. On
second thought I jotted down the license num-
ber, then I moved back to the girl.

  “No one there,” I was whispering, “but
the car hasn’t been parked long. The ground’s
damp and the mud on the tires still fresh.”

  “Some one’s after the treasure.”

  “L-ook, kitten,” I said. “Let’s pretend we’re
grown up, huh. This treasure business is
okay for kids, and I didn’t mind driving out
here with you to look for it, but how could

anyone else know about it, or your silly cipher
or anything unless you talked?”

  “But the car’s here.”

   It was there all right. I couldn’t deny that.
“All right,” I said. “Someone’s trespassing.
You stay here and I’ll look around.” I turned
and moved toward the dark outline of the
deserted house. I didn’t know she was fol-
lowing until I felt her breath against the side
of my face. I almost shot her. I was that
jumpy.

  “Hey,” I said. “Don’t you ever do what
you’re told.”

  “I was scared,” she whispered. “I didn’t
want to be left alone.”

  I hesitated. The smart thing was to take
her back to my car. But nothing moved in
the dark overgrown yard ahead. I was prob-
ably being silly.

  “Come on then, but keep quiet.”

  I moved around to one side of the old
house. It was in pretty sorry shape. Once
it had been quite a place, but now the windows
were covered with rough boards, the white
lead of the paint was peeling away from the
walls.

  I was busy looking at the house, but the
girl hadn’t forgotten the rhyme.

       “Dig ten paces from the post
       Where the whip is used the most.”

  That could only mean the old slave quar-
ters. Again she caught my arm with fingers
which dug into the flesh. “Look.”

CHAPTER TWO

Dollars (or the Dame

T LOOKED toward the row of old buildings
at the rear and suddenly I stiffened. It was
faint, but very distinct in the darkness. The
finger of light which crept out through the
chink in the old walls.

  I started to tell her to remain where she
was. Then I knew it was no use so I merely
whispered. “Quiet now,” and moved ahead,
my gun held ready.

  The buildings didn’t seem to be in as bad
shape as the main house. I guessed they had
been used to quarter some of the field hands
and therefore had been kept in repair.

  The light was coming through a crack in
the old stone foundation and I got down on
my knees to peer through. I had a restricted
look at a stone paved room, lighted by a
flickering candle. I guessed that the room
had once served as the plantation prison for
I could see two pair of rusty chains hanging
from the far wall.

  This then would be the place where unruly
slaves had felt the biting lash of the whip. I
DIG YOUR OWN MURDER!

15

own that I was suddenly quite tense. The
rhyme was working out. Ten paces from
where those chains hung was the place to
dig, only, someone was there before us. Some-
one must have dug, or be planning to dig.

  There were two men in the room. I couldn’t
see their faces, but I heard one say, “All
right then, that’s the deal. You handle that
much and come back Tuesday.”

 The second man was uneasy. You could
feel it. “I .. . well . .

  “You’ll come back,” his companion laughed.
“You’re in this now, brother. How would
you like a tip to the bank examiners?”

  I didn’t catch the muttered answer. He
turned and moved to the ladder-like stairs.
The last I saw was his legs, climbing upward
... I heard him step outside. I heard his
feet move across the stone entrance. I thought
he muttered to someone, but I couldn’t be
sure. He might have been talking to himself.
I waited, listening for other sound. It came
finally, the roar as he started the car.

  I told the girl to wait and moved around to
the building entrance, keeping well in the
shadow of the wall, just in case there was an
outside guard. I saw no one, and the girl
was right behind me.

      /OR SINGLE IWI RAZORS

           Make the most of your one and only facet
           Use the one and only single edge Star
           wthe blade that millions of men have
           proved with billions of shaves! ^Qf |Q$
16

W. T. BALLARD

  I stepped into the building, guided by the
light which came up the stairway, and moved
down them cautiously, one hand on the rough
cut stone of the wall, the other holding the
gun. Moisture came through the wall making
the stone wet and a little slippery.

  The man was busy in a far corner. He’d
raised one of the floor stones and pulled out
a metal box. In spite of myself my pulse
leaped.

  As I watched, he raised the box lid, seemed
to place something inside and started to close
the lid.

  “Hold it,” I said, and gained the floor level
in three quick steps.

  He swung around. It was the first knowl-
edge he had that he was not alone. His hair
showing beneath the edge of the low drawn
hat was very black. His eyes matched the
hair, glittering a little in the candle light.
His hand moved as if by reflex toward the
gun clip beneath his arm.

  “Hold it,” I jerked my gun a little and he
stopped, standing half crouched.

  “What is this, a hi-jack? You’ll get killed
for this, Mac.”

  “If anyone gets killed, it will be you. Get
away from that box, over by the wall, on
the double.”

  He obeyed sullenly, and I ordered him to
turn around, facing the wall.

  Again he obeyed and I was just reaching
for the gun in his shoulder clip when he
kicked backwards.

  I was ready for that too. My gun was
high, I stepped sideways and slashed it against
his head. He crumpled without a sound. I
stooped, got his gun and slid it into my pocket.
He was out, cold.

  The girl uttered a little half smothered
gasp. She stood for a long moment staring
down at the man. “Is he . . . dead?”

  I shook my head. “Take a look at your
treasure, kitten,” I indicated the metal box
with a jerk of my gun.

  She stared for an instant longer, then
moved over to the box and looked down at
its contents.

  “It’s . . . it’s full of money . . . there was
a treasure ... I didn’t really believe it.” She
had dropped to her knees beside the small box
and was hauling forth bank notes

  I moved over to her side. There was a
treasure all right. But no pirate had buried
it. The box had told me that. It was new, of
light metal like a dispatch box. I reached
down and looked at the bills. They were
signed by Henry Morgenthau.

  It hurt me to tell her. She was like a kid
with a new toy. She hadn’t really looked at
the money. It didn’t dawn on her that they
hadn’t printed bills like that in eighteen-
twelve.

  I said, “It’s money all right, kitten, but I’m
afraid that you won’t get to keep it”

CHE looked up and her eyes fastened on the
^ gun which I still held loosely. Her blue
eyes seemed to crystallize into chips of ice, and
her shoulders stiffened. “You . . . you mean
you’re going to take it, to rob me?”

  I shrugged. After all, you couldn’t blame
her. It was a natural reaction. She’d seen
me club the punk and it must have seemed
pretty ruthless. Who was I? A private de-
tective, out for what I could get.

  I grinned. “Look, sweet. Those are nice,
thousand dollar bills. It’s hard to spend thou-
sand dollar bills right now. The banks make
you register when you bring one in. The
FBI asks strange questions.”

  “But why?”

  “Don’t you read the papers? Didn’t you
ever hear of black market money?”

  I could see she had. She looked down at
the bundles of money she’d gathered up, and
gradually she let them slide back into the
box. “Then . . . then, there isn’t any treas-
ure?”

  I shrugged. “If there is, this isn’t the time
to hunt for it. Sonny boy over there,” I in-
dicated the unconscious man, “may have some
friends around. I can’t imagine them being
this careless. We’ve got to move easy, we’ve
got to be certain we take no more chances
than we need to. Here, you pick up the box.
It isn’t heavy. You can have the fun of carry-
ing it back to the car.”

  She closed the box slowly. “What about
him?”

  I hesitated, then I' went over and went
through his pockets. There was nothing at
all in the way of identity. I thought of tying
him up until the authorities could get there.
A sound from outside decided me against it.
The sound had been a step.

  I covered the distance to the candle in two
jumps and blew it out, then I whispered to
the girl. “Over this way.”

  Her soles scraped on the stone floor in the
darkness. I didn’t like it. That cellar was a
trap. Whoever was outside would notice the
light off in a minute. If he were a guard,
he’d be suspicious.

  I guessed now that he’d walked to the car
with the other man and was just coming back.
“Up the stairs,” I whispered, grasping her
arm.

  She almost dropped the box. Yes, she had
it. You could trust that gal to freeze onto
money.

  We moved quickly up the stairs. I hoped
we could slip through the door unseen, but
our luck was running thin. We had no more
reached the open until a voice called,
“Charley.”
DIG YOUR OWN MURDER!

17

  Maybe we should have stayed inside, but
I don’t like sweating things out. I’d rather
have action than that. “Yeah,” I grunted and
stepped into the open.

  “Hey,” said the voice, sounding surprised.
“You’re not Charley. A gun lanced flame in
the darkness and the bullet struck the wall
close to my head.

  I swung the girl around the corner. The
gun hammered a second time, blasting sharply
into the night. I knew the guard couldn’t see
us because of the angle from which his shots
came. If the girl hadn’t been with me, I might
have circled back and tried to get him. As it
was, we ran. There was a ditch a hundred
feet behind the buildings. We dived for it.

  I thought of snakes, but at the moment I
was worried more about hot lead than about
venom. We made the ditch and worked our
way along it. The man back by the house was
still jumpy. Every couple of minutes he’d
blast at something. I’m not certain what he
thought he was shooting at. Maybe he was
just exercising his'trigger finger.

  But he wasn’t following and I slowed the
pace. The girl was panting and I took the
box from her. “Relax, kitten, we’re out of
trouble now.”

   She gave a little gasping laugh. “I’m afraid
I’m not up to treasure hunting, Kerby. I al-
most died when those bullets started flying.”

   “We both almost died,” I said soberly. “For
shooting in the dark, that bozo was coming
close.”

  She squeezed my arm. “You’re nice,” she
said. “Somehow, I feel pretty safe when I’m
with you.”

  She was very close, and very nice. I had
the sudden impulse to kiss her. Instead I
squeezed her arm. “Let’s get back to the car.
The sooner I get this mud off, the better I’ll
feel.”

   We came out of the ditch, cutting across the
field. It was rough going and she almost fell
twice. I was trying to help her. I was care-
less I guess. I never saw them until they
jumped us.

  We were close to the car then. They came
out of the hedge to the right. The girl was
jerked away from me and someone swung at
my head.

  I ducked, rolling with the blow and went
down to one knee. There was a culvert to
the right and I tossed the box into the ditch.

  The man standing over me swung again at
my head. I grabbed his knees and jerked his
feet out from under him. He went down and
a second man swung at my head. I rolled
away, coming up to my feet, jerkingjny gun
free.

•	I couldn’t see the girl. She seemed to have
vanished. I heard a car’s motor somewhere
on the road. Everyone was running and shout-

ing. I ran to the right and suddenly stepped
off into a hole.

  The water was up to my neck. The brush
along the edge was so heavily matted that
I couldn’t drag myself out. I heard them
calling to each other. I saw the wink of a
flash light and knew they were searching for
me.

   I crowded close into the brush, my nose just
above water. They must have hunted for ten
minutes, but they were worried about some-
thing. Finally the car lights cut on. They
pulled up beside my coupe, raised the hood and
did something to the motor. Then they drove
away.

T WAS just about to haul myself out when
someone came running up the road. I saw
a man move to my coupe, examine it and
call something unintelligible. A voice an-
swered. They stayed there for perhaps five
minutes, then they too disappeared.

  I dragged myself out of the water. I was
almost drowned. I didn’t know where the
girl was. I didn’t seem to know much of any-
thing. Somewhere in the mess I’d lost my gun.
I went over to the culvert and found the box.
It was awkward to carry. I took out the
money and stuffed it into my pockets. It would
get wet, but that didn’t bother me. Then I
went over to the car and tried to start it.
It wouldn’t run.

*	* *

  I must have walked five miles. There were
blisters on my heels from the wet shoes. I
finally found a farmer who would take me to
town. All he had was an old truck. It was
four o’clock when I got back to the apart-
ment. The phone was ringing when I came in
through the door. I had the feeling that it had
been ringing steadily for a long time. I an-
swered it and a man’s voice said,

  “We’ve got the girl. We’ll trade her for
the money.”

   Just like that, no hello, no introduction. I
took a long breath and told him. “You’ve got
the wrong number, baby. I don’t know what
you’re talking about.”

  The laugh was nasty and had no mirth.
“You’ll know when the cops fish the blonde
out of the river.”

  I hung up. In a minute the phone rang
and I answered it. “Look, Kerby,” said the
voice. “We traced the license plate of your
car. Even if the blonde hadn’t talked, we’d
still know that you’d been out at the Pedarre
plantation tonight. Don’t go to the FBI with
that dough, not if you think anything of the
little girl’s life.”

  “Okay,” I said, “but you’ve got it wrong,
Mac. I lost that dough in the fight. I couldn’t
find it, so, do what you like.” I hung up then.
18

W. T. BALLARD

I was bluffing, but I figured that the girl had
a better chance to live if they figured I had
nothing to trade for her.

  I was so tired that I hardly knew what my
name was. I had to do something, but what
to do was the question. Then I thought of
the man whose car had been parked in the
plantation yard. I didn’t know what he looked
like, or what his name was, but I did know
his license number. I reached for the phone
and called a friend in the motor vehicle
department.

  The man’s name was Morse. I got his
address, on one of the side streets off Canal,
a couple of blocks short of Louisiana. He was
listed as a teller at one of the smaller banks.

  I grinned at the information. Things seemed
to be making a little sense. I cleaned up a
bit, went down and took a cab over to the
address. Light was just beginning to show
in the eastern sky. It would soon be morn-
ing.

  The house was old like its neighbors, set
back in a little square yard. I had the cab
park at the corner and walked forward. There
was no sign of life as I climbed to the porch
and rang the bell. I rang it hard, holding
the button down a long time. Finally an upper
window came open and a man's voice said
irritably,

  “What’s the matter?”

  “Telegram,” I said, knowing he couldn’t
see me for the porch roof.

  There was a mumble of conversation from
above, then the window slammed and the
hall light came on. I heard his feet on the
stairs, heard him fumbling with the lock, then
the door came open and he was staring at me.

  “You’re not a messenger. . .” he sensed
something wrong and tried to shut the door but
my foot was in the way and a second later my
gun was in my hand.

  He was a small man, with thin, sandy hair
and tired, squinty blue eyes. The eyes got
wide at sight of the gun, then filled with fear.
“What do you want?”

  I used the gun to back him into the hall. “I
want to talk to you, Morse.”

  He didn’t like my use of his name. He
didn't like anything about the setup. He was
a little rat, caught in a trap and looking des-
perately for a way out.

  I fished out a card case with my free hand.
I found a card which said that I represented
the Bankers’ Protective Association, which
was true enough since our office did some
work for them.

He stared at the card with dilated eyes.
His lips were suddenly dry and he circled
them with his tongue. “What do you want?”
“You made a trip tonight,” I said. “You
saw a man about some thousand dollar bills.”
“That’s a lie!”

  “Don’t get excited Mac.” My voice was
hard. “f~was there, I saw you.”

  “You can’t prove anything.”

  I grinned sourly. “That’s what you think.
That plantation yard was muddy. Your tires
left tracks. Maybe you don’t know it, but
the police can check those tracks against your
tires almost as easily as they can check a set
of finger prints.”

  The long skinny hands hanging out of his
pajama sleeves worked. I could see him think-
ing, wondering if he somehow could grab my
throat.

   “Don’t try it,” I said. “I’d have five bullets
in you before you touched me.”

CHAPTER THREE

              r

Too Hot to Handle

TJE COLLAPSED then. He quit You can
tell when a man quits, when he’s no longer
dangerous, and it isn’t pretty to watch. But I
had no feeling of mercy for him. I was
thinking of the blonde girl.

  He let his head hang and his voice was
no longer turbulent. “What are you going to
do with me?”

  “That depends,” I said. “I’m not after you.
Oh, sure, I know the story, you were short
in your accounts, you saw a chance to buy up
enough black market thousand dollar bills for
maybe seven-fifty a bill, to cover your short-
age. I’m still not interested. I want the men
you dealt with, and if you help, I’ll try and
put in a good word for you.”

  He groaned. “I was short in my accounts.
I didn’t know what to do. I got a letter
through the mail. It seemed like a form letter.
It said that a company would make personal
loans up to twenty thousand dollars on char-
acter only and that my name had been sug-
gested as eligible for such a loan. I knew
there was some catch. There had to be, but
I was desperate. I didn’t know which way to
turn, so, I called them up.

  “Finally I met a man in a restaurant. He
said frankly that it was black market money.
He said he knew I was short in my accounts
or I wouldn’t have answered the letter. He
threatened to report me to the bank examiners
if I refused to deal.”

  “What did this man look like?”

  Morse hesitated, but he was thoroughly
whipped. “The man was big,” he said in a
cracked voice. “He had black hair, and a scar
on one side of his face. The scar wasn’t so
noticable except it lifted one side of his face
as if he were always smiling.”

  “How big?”

  Morse hesitated. “Well over six feet, six-
four or five perhaps.”

  I nodded. It certainly wasn’t the man I’d
FT	B 111

DIG YOUR'OWN MURDER!

Struck down at the old plantation, “Do you
Imow how to get in touch with any of them?”

  He didn’t. He denied any further knowl-
edge and I believed him. It seemed I’d ac-
zomplished absolutely nothing by my visit and
I said so as I walked to the door.

  He stood there, nervously. “You won’t turn
me in?”

  I shrugged. “This will have to be straight-
ened out, but ...” I never finished the sen-
tence. A gun made a sharp, sudden sound
an the still morning air.

  It still wasn’t light enough to see anything,
t couldn’t even be certain from which direc-
tion the shot had come. I heard Morse give
i kind of grunt, then his body fell sideways,
ilmost knocking me from my feet.

  It probably saved my life for I went stag-
gering across the porch as the gun sounded
igain, the bullet striking the house wall, close
to the door jam.

  I vaulted the porch rail and found shelter
behind a tree. I heard the slap slap of feet
sn the turf. I heard the sound of my cab’s
motor flare suddenly, heard the gears clash.
Evidently the driver was gun shy. I turned
ind looked back at the house. A woman was
in the house doorway kneeling beside the
fallen Morse. I heard her dry sobs. Then
she started to scream. That was all. I should
have stopped to call the cops, I didn’t. I turned
and ran.

  I had the feeling I was followed. I couldn’t
be sure. I didn't actually see anyone. I made
my way to the carline and rode back to my
apartment.

  From there I called Sue Pedarre’s lawyer.
He sounded sleepy but the sleep went out of
his voice at the news. He started to swear.
He kept swearing. “Have you called the
cops?”

  I told him that I hadn’t, that I had no in-
tention of calling them until I knew more than
I did. “They've got the girl," I added. “As
long as they think there’s any hope of trading
her for their black market money there’s some

19

hope that she won’t be harmed. The best way
to sign her death warrant is to call copper.”
He agreed. “I’m sorry I ever let her into
this,” he said. “I never was too sold on the
treasure idea, but it’s certainly unlucky that
this gang chose the old house to hide their hot
money in.”

  I agreed.

  “I’ll help in any way I can. I feel terrible.
Why, Sue is almost like my own daughter.
I love that girl.”

  “Anybody could love her,” I said and rang
off. I didn’t go directly to my office. I went
to see Ramus first.

  I found the little professor behind his big
desk pouring over an old manuscript. He
looked up eagerly as I came in. “You found
it? I was right?” He jumped up from behind
the desk.

  “We found something,” I said, and told
him what had happened.

  His dark eyes got very wide. His voice
dropped to an excited whisper. “This is ter-
rible. A girl kidnapped, a man dead. Where
will it end?”

  I shrugged. “Look, Ramus, there’s some-
thing screwy about this deal. It might be an
accident that these black market boys chose
the old house as a distribution headquarters
where they could sell their hot dough at re-
duced rates, but the fact that it should be
in the same old prison room where the Pe-
darre treasure is supposed to be buried is
really something.”

  “The treasure is still there,” he was ex-
cited. “I’ll bet you the treasure is still there.
You didn’t follow the cipher, did you, you
didn’t do any digging?”

  “There was too much happening to do any
digging,” I said shortly. “I was too busy
worrying about getting out of there.”

  “Then it’s still there.”

  “And as far as I’m concerned, it can stay
there 'jntil I get the rest of this straightened
up. Tell me, what do you know about this
lawyer Henderson and the girl?”
20

W. T. BALLARD

HE LOOKED surprised. “What do you
mean?”

  “Exactly what I say. What do you know
about him, and the blonde?”

  “Well,” Ramus settled back into his chair.
“Not too much, really. He’s an important
attorney in San Francisco. He has some local
connections and from time to time I’ve done
some research jobs for him. Why?”

  I shrugged. “I like to know who I’m doing
business with.”

  “He’s all right,” said Ramus. “Certainly
you don’t think he’s mixed up with the black
marketeers, do you? Why, if he was, the last
thing in the world he could want would be to
direct you to the old Pedarre place.”

  “That makes sense.”

  “And the girl, did you ever see such a
sweet chick?”

  I looked at Ramus hard. I had no idea
that he had ever heard such a word. The
little guy might have unknown possibilities.
“Well, what about her?”

  “You’re going to get her back? Certainly
she’s worth more than all that hot money?”
“In my book yes.”

  He relaxed. “I’m sorry I got you into this,
Van. I never dreamed. . . .”

  “Forget it,” I told him. “Everything always
happens to me. This is no exception.” I
turned and left, going back to my office.

  The switchboard girl gave me some calls.
Most of them were from regular clients, but
one was from a man named Shawn.

  I went into the office and looked up the
Shawns in the phone book. There were a lot
of them listed, none with a number like the
one my man had left.

  I tried the cris-cross with no better luck.
I always like to know who a man is before
I talk to him, but in this case, no luck. Finally
I called Mr. Shawn.

  A man’s voice answered and there was a
few minutes wait, then another voice said,
“Good afternoon Mr. Kerby.”

  It was hardly noon, but I let that pass.
“Thank you very much for calling.”

  He had a nice polite sort of voice, the kind
I associate with grey haired men, tweedy
coats, and briar pipes.

  “What’s on your mind?” I wasn’t im-
pressed by the voice. I’ve been fooled too
often.

  “I understand you’re a discreet man,” he
said and his tone turned buttery. “I’d like
to talk to you tonight about some money
which you have in your possession which
does not belong to you.”

  “I’m a busy man,” I said. “My partner is
out of town, and I haven’t much time to talk.”
“This won’t take time,” he assured me. “I
think we can work out a deal.”

  “About the blonde?”

  He ignored this. “Just a deal,” he said.
“You meet me tonight at eight, and it woul
be wiser if you did not mention the meetin
to the police. I have ways of learning things.

   I wet my lips. “I haven’t talked to the cop
yet.”

  “Fine,” he said. “Fine. I think you an
I can do business, big business.” He gave m
an address on Royal. “You come alone,” h
added, “and I’ll be there. Otherwise, you wil
find nothing, nothing at all.”

  I’d hardly hung up the phone when thi
secretary buzzed the squawk box. “Lieutenan
LeMay wants to see you.”

  I told her to send him in. I thought fas'
during the couple of minutes it took him tc
walk from the reception room. LeMay was
assigned to homicide.

  He came in, small and dapper as always in
his double breasted blue suit with the ever
fresh flower in his button hole.

  “How are you, Van?” He had black eyes
and black hair. He looked a lot more like
a gambler than a police officer.

  I said I was fine and motioned him to a
chair. He sat down on the edge and laced
his fingers over the head of the cane he al-
ways carried. The fingers were encased in
pearl grey gloves. Quite a dresser, LeMay
and from all accounts, quite a lady’s man.
“What gives?”

  “Have you read the noon papers?”

   I hadn’t, and said so.

“But you might know that a man named
Morse was shot to death about dawn this
morning, a nice little harmless bank clerk.”
“What make you think I’d know anything
about it?”

  He sighed. He carefully removed one glove,
produced a beaten silver case and extracted a
long Russian cigarette with a false tip. “Your
card was clutched in his hand,” LeMay said.
“Very careless, Van, very careless indeed.”
“There might have been a dozen reasons
why the guy could have my card.”

He admitted this by inclining his head.
“But also, we found a cab driver, a man who
hauled you from your apartment to Morse’s
street. When the shots came, he took off.”
“Go on.”

  “Isn’t that enough?”

  “I know you,” I said. “You always hold
something back to club a man with. I’d
rather have it now.”

TJE SIGHED again, then he blew smoke at
me in a perfect ring. “We found some
money in Morse’s pockets, thousand dollar
bills. The wife broke down and talked. Her
husband was short in his accounts at the bank.
He’d been dealing with some gentlemen who
had thousand dollar bills for sale at reduced
rates, black market money.”
DIG YOUR OWN MURDER!

21

  “So now I’m tied in with the black mar-
ket?”

  He shrugged. “I’m merely asking you what
you are tied up in. We found a farmer who
drove a man to town this morning. We also
located your car, broken down on the old
river road.”

  “Thanks for telling me. I’ve wondered
where it was. I thought some of reporting it
stolen.”

  His black eyes gleamed. “What kind of
fire are you playing with now, Kerby?”

  I shrugged. “Look, LeMay. There’s no
need telling you that I won’t talk. At the mo-
ment I can’t. You've known me for some time.
You know that this office has always played
it straight across the board with the cops.”
“Sure,” he said. “Sure, I know, but the
boys down at the hall don’t all feel that way.
I think you’d better come down and talk to
them.”

  I went down and I talked. They even
brought in the FBI because of the thousand
dollar bills. I’ve sweated it out before, when
a case of mine ran afoul of the cops, but I’d
never gone through anything like that. It was
after six before they finally turned me loose.
I was surprised that they did. They could
have held me as a material witness and I’d
have been forced to give bail. I guess they
figured Fhad too much at stake. Our office
was the biggest of its kind in the south.

CHAPTER FOUR

The Man Who Knew Everything

rPHE address on Royal which Mr. Shawn
had given me was an old house. It dif-
fered not at all from the houses which flanked
it on either side. I’d spent the better part
of an hour making certain that the cops
weren’t following me. They’d tried, but I still
knew a couple of tricks for getting rid of
unwanted trailers.

  I judged that the house was at least a hun-
dred years old, probably more, and guessed
there was a court yard beyond the wall. Most
of the older houses had been built around
court yards.

  I searched for the bell and found none. An
old fashioned iron knocker made a heavy, hol-
low sound as I dropped it.

  Somewhere in the neighborhood a dog
howled, a cat was singing at the distant moon
and the rumble of traffic was a faint but steady
sound from the direction of Canal.

  Nothing passed along the street, no sound
came from within. I had about decided that
Mr. Shawn was playing games with me when
the door came open suddenly and the beam of
a hand torch was squirted directly into my
eyes.

  “What do you want?” The woman was very
old. Her voice was cracked and high and
accusing.

  “To see Mr. Shawn. I have an appoint-
ment. The name is Kerby.”

  “ Whydidn’tyuhsayso.” She ran the words
together until it was a single mumbled syl-
lable. She backed up, taking the light out
of my eyes and I followed her, stepping side-
ways so that she could close and chain the
heavy door.

  She turned, throwing the light’s beam on
the stone-paved covered passageway which
led along one side of the courtyard.

  I had a confused glimpse of » little pool,
of heavy uncared for jungle like growth, then
we reached the iron stairs which led upward
to the balcony.

  The balcony served as an upper hall and
it was not in good repair. It sagged and
groaned under our weight as we moved along
it to the door at the end.

  The old woman was an uncertain shawl-
covered shape, sinister in her silence, like
some hooded spectre out of the middle ages.
I had a feeling of unreality and the weight
of the gun beneath my arm gave little comfort.

  She paused and knocked on the closed door,
then turned and creaked her way back along
the way we had come, taking the light with
her.

  For a full minute the door remained closed.
I almost called after my departing guide, then
the strap hinges creaked and the door swung
back, letting out light and the musty, dusty
smell of age and damp and carelessness.

  The man standing there was nothing like
the voice on the phone. He was big. He wore
chocolate slacks and a tan sport coat.

  I raised my eyes and looked at his face. I’m
tall, but I had to look up to Mr. Shawn. He
was a good six feet four.

  His face was as big as his body, his hair
black, rather thin and curly, and he would
have been good looking save for the scar
which perpetually lifted the corner of his
mouth.

  “Thank you for coming,” he said, and I
jumped for it was the voice on the phone.
Also, from Morse’s description it was the man
of the black market money.

  But the voice was no longer soft and friend-
ly. It had a mocking hardness which rode
the words like a haunting overtone.

  “That’s all right,” I said, again conscious
of the bulk of the .38 beneath my arm. It felt
good and reassuring.

«/^OME in,” he backed away and I had a
look at the bare room. There were two
chairs, nothing more. Evidently this room
was being used for this meeting only. Mr.
Shawn was apparently a cautious man.
22

W. T. BALLARD

  i shut the door and moved toward one of
the chairs. Mr. Shawn took the other. He
reversed it, straddled the seat with his thick
legs and rested his big chin on knotted fore-
arms.

  “You don’t look tough,” was what he said.
I chuckled, but not from amusement. “Have
you been hearing rumors?”

  “I made inquiries,” he admitted. “I like to
know what I’m up against when I sit in a
game. It gives me some advantage. ”

  “I can see your point. I know nothing about
you.”

  “You knew enough to hi-jack my money.
How many men have you buried, Kerby?”

  “I never bury them. I toss the bodies in
the river. What else did you learn?”

  “That you’re wise, and smart, that you and
your partner have a nice business here, solid
accounts and connections which you wouldn’t
care to lose.”

  “That’s right, we get along.”

  “Then why monkey into my game?” His
tone had turned hard. “We want that money
back. We’re willing to pay a reasonable
amount, but no more than reason. If you
don’t deal, we’ll see that you are taken care
of. Frankly, we don’t like hi-j ackers.”

  “What about the girl?”

  “What girl, you mean the one who was
with you? We aren’t going to pay her off
separately if that’s what you’re getting at.
You take care of her yourself.”

  I started to say something, then changed
my mind. Instead I asked, “If I decide to
deal, what’s my cut?”

  “Ten thousand, or if you want to throw
in with us, use your connections to move
some of the hot money, we’ll pay you ten and
a percentage on everything you handle.”
“That might be a possibility.” I appeared
to think it over.

  Shawn said, “We’d rather do business with
you than fight you.”

  I nodded. “It’s always easier that way but
I don’t want the same thing to happen to me
that happened to Morse.”

  His eyes tightened a little at the corners.
“That would be unfortunate. Too bad that
Morse got killed. I didn’t order that done.
The boys were acting on their own. They
figured Morse had led you out to the old house
and that you went there to take over his cut
Did he?”

  I passed over that one. “When do we make
the deal?”

  He was eager. “Tonight.”

  I nodded. “Okay, tonight then.” I gave him
an address. "Be there in two hours.”

  “No crossing?”

  I shrugged. “How could I cross you with-
out losing out myself?” I rose. “And if you
try to cross me. .

  He said, “We won’t. We can use a man
like-‘you, Kerby. We need a local connec-
tion.”

*	* *

  When I got back to my apartment it was
a wreck. Someone had searched it thoroughly,
and they hadn’t been careful to put things
back where they belonged. I stood in the
doorway for a long time, looking at it, then
I went over to the phone and called Hender-
son’s hotel.

  His voice had an eager, nervous note.
“What’s happened?”

  I told him about the cops, and then I told
him about Mr. Shawn. I said, “I’ve made a
deal. I turn over the money and Shawn turns
over the girl.”

  He was silent for a long moment. “You’re
certain he has her?”

  “Who else? Someone surely does unless
she’s hiding herself.”

  He agreed with that. “Where are you
meeting Shawn?”

  “At Ramus’ office,” I said. “I couldn’t think
of any other place. I didn’t want to bring them
here or to my office.”

  “Are you going to tell the police?”

  “And have them maybe kill the girl, that’s
foolish.”

  “Okay,” he said. “What do you want me
to do?”

  “Nothing, if anything slips you can tell the
cops I was on the level, trying.” I rang off,
hurried down stairs and caught a cab to the
station. I’d checked a package at the check-
room that morning, the package held the hot
money. Then I caught another cab to Ramus’
office.

  The little professor met me on the side-
walk. He was almost hopping up and down.
“Henderson called me,” he said. “He told
me what you were going to do. You have no
right to use my office, to get me mixed up in
this thing.”

  “You got me mixed up in it,” I reminded
him.

  He stared at me with round, reproachful
eyes. “But that’s your business. I’m just a
quiet man.”

  “Gimme the keys,” I told him, “and go on
home. If there’s trouble, blame me. Tell the
police you knew nothing about it.”

  He hesitated not knowing quite what to do.
Late evening traffic rolled by us in never end-
ing waves. No one paid any attention.

  “Make up your mind,” I said. “You can call
the police if you like, but then, if anything
happens to the blonde, why then it’s all your
fault.”

  He made a little helpless gesture with his
hands. “Here are the keys. But don’t let them
go into the library. Don't let them disturb
my books.”
DIG YOUR OWN MURDER!

23

 T PROMISED. I went up the dirty stairs
 *■ and unlocked the door. Then I put the
 package of money on the desk. I was just
 headed for the library when a noise behind
 me made me turn. Mr. Shawm slipped into
 the room.

  Slipped is a strange word to use in connec-
 tion with such a big man, but it's the only one
 ivhich explains his movements. I never saw
 inyone else so light-footed. There was a gun
 n his big hand. It looked small by compan-
 ion, the hand almost smothered it.

  I stared at the man, at the gun. “What’s the
 dea, a double-cross?” .

  “I haven’t made up my mind. His eyes
 ook in the package of money on the desk and
 flowed for an instant. “You brought that,
 Byway.”

  “What do you mean, anyway,” I sounded
 •ngry.

  He said, “You were talking to some little
 erk down on the street. He hurried away.”
 “It’s his office,” I said. “He didn’t like me
 ising it.”

 “Maybe,” said Mr. Shawn, “he didn’t like
 t so much that he was going for the police.”
 I didn’t answer. I wasn’t surprised when
 man appeared, shoving Ramus’ small figure
 efore him.

  “We just don’t take chances,” said Shawn.
 I shrugged. “Okay, you don’t take chances,
 'here’s your money. Let’s deal.”

  “You know,” he said, giving me a slow
 Tin. “There really isn’t any reason why we
 hould deal with you. As you say, there’s the
 joney. All we have to do is to take it and
 ave.”

  I nodded. “That’s right, unless you want
 le to use my connections to help you change
 iiose thousand dollar bills into smaller money,
 loney which won’t be questioned.”

 He threw back his head and laughed. “I
 >oled you on that one, now, didn’t I? You
 ;11 for it. I sized you up. I thought you would,
 'he question is now, what is wisest to do.”
 “Meaning?” I was watching him closely.

   He laughed again, the rumbling sound which
 seemed to come from deep down in his big
 chest. “What was it you said earlier about
 throwing bodies into the river. It’s a thought,
 Kerby. Do you realize that you and this little
 jerk,” he indicated Ramus with a movement
 of his big thumb, “are the only ones who can
 tie me to this business?”

   “Sure,” I said, “that’s what you think, but
 wait a moment. How do you think I happened
 to be at the plantation last night? It wasn’t
 an accident, I assure you.”

   The other corner of his mouth lifted to
 match the one puckered by the scar. “You tell
 me, Mac.”

   I said, “Ever hear of an attorney named
 Henderson ?”

   His eyes came alive at the name. “What
 about him?”

   “You have heard of him, I see. Was he, by
 any chance the reason you decided to use that
 plantation for your payoff point?”

   Shawn was definitely interested now. “Go
 on?”

   I said, “Henderson sent me out there. He
 sent me out on a trumped-up story of a treas-
 ure hunt. I wasn’t sold on it, but there was a
 blonde involved and I was sold on the blonde.
 A lot of smart men have done dumb things
 because of a girl.”

   “Why do you think I know Henderson?”

   I shrugged. “I’m guessing, but look at it
 this way. I go out on a treasure hunt and find
 a box of hot money. I don’t believe in coin-
 cidences. They happen sometimes, but not
 often.”

   “But why would Henderson ... ?”

   I said, “I don’t know what your deal with
 him was but I do know that he was in control
 of the plantation as Miss Pedarre’s agent. He
 probably suggested it as a nice, lonely place
 from which to operate.”

“You’re warm,” said Shawn. “Go on.”
“And then he wanted the money for himself.
He was afraid to tackle your men, so he picked
a nice pigeon to do it. He picked me because I

NEXT TIME SAY

STAR

for a better

FLASHLIGHT

and better

BATTERIES
24

W. T. BALLARD

was supposed to be a tough guy. He framed up
a cipher which sent me to the old slave prison.
He even told me where to park my car. Like
a fool, I played right into his hands. I got
the dough, just as he hoped, I made a run for
the car, taking the girl with me and he was
waiting there to jump me, to grab the dough.”
“Well ...”

  “But he didn’t get the dough. I managed
to slip out of his fingers. So he held the girl.
He called and offered to trade her for the
money. When I talked with you on the phone,

I thought you had kidnapped her, but when
I talked to you tonight, I realized that you
hadn’t, that you knew nothing about her be-
ing gone.

  “That meant there was someone else in the
game, someone I hadn’t been counting on. It
must be Henderson. He was the only one who
knew I was connected with this thing, except
for your men who apparently spotted me at
Morse’s and followed when I left there.”

  His face was tight, the scar standing out
very white against his skin. “Yes,” he said.
“I know Henderson. He was my lawyer in
San Francisco. He did.suggest that we use
that plantation. If I could get my fingers ...”

^VOU can,” said Henderson. He had
pushed open the door of Ramus’ library
and was standing to Shawn’s right, his gun
covering the room.

  “Drop it.”

  Shawn dropped it. Surprise came up in his
big face, and then hate to wash it away.
“When I get my hands ...”

  “You won’t,” said Henderson. He was very
pleasant about it, and very business-like, and
very deadly. “I’m going to kill you,” he added,
almost as an after thought. “I’ve intended to
for some time.”

  The words rocked Shawn, but if Henderson
noticed he gave no sign. “Pick up the gun,
Ramus, and get the one from the jerk who’s
guarding you.”

  Ramus obeyed.

  Henderson smiled thinly. “You were very
handy to have around, Kerby. And you’re a
fool. We did fake that cipher to start the
treasure hunt. Ramus worked it out and I
planted it in Sue Pedarre’s trunk lid. I thought
it was clever. Old plantations, treasure, the
two naturally go together.”

  My lips were a little dry, but I managed to
smile. “Wouldn’t it have been simpler merely
to hi-jack the money yourself?”

  He shook his head. “It wouldn’t. I wasn’t
certain how well it was guarded, or what
might happen. If there was a slip, and the cops
came in, I would be involved. If you found it,
and got as far as your car, I thought we could
take it away from you.”

THE

   “And I suppose I die too?”

   He nodded. “Unfortunately, yes. I hai
 nothing against you, but you have no moi
 usefulness. ”

 “And the girl ... is she in the library?”
 He chuckled. “You are smart. What bett<
 concealment than stacks of Ramus’ books?”
 Shawn made a noise in "his throat. He too
 a step toward Henderson. The lawyer’s gu
 steadied. “Stay where you are.”

   Shawn took another step. “Go ahead an
 shoot.” His tone was mocking. “You made
 mistake, Henderson. You’ve let me get to
 close. You’ll shoot me, yes, but all six bullet
 won’t stop me, and once I have your throat
 ... he jumped. The gun roared. The last shot
 were muffled by Shawn’s vest. Every bulk
 took effect, but he was right. The power of h;
 big body carried him to Henderson, his pow
 erful hands seized the lawyer. Between th
 shots there was a little snapping noise an
 they went down together. Henderson’s nec
 was broken.

       *	* *

 Sue Pedarre shuddered. “I never want t
 hear the word treasure again as long as I livi
 It was terrible, in that room, just listening.
 “It wasn’t pretty to watch,” I told her.
 “And when the cops came in. It we
 lucky ...”

   “Not so much luck,” I told her. “Ever
 cop in town knows me by sight. They tried t
 follow me earlier. I stood out on the sidewal
 for awhile talking to Ramus. The station i
 only a few blocks away. I knew someone woul
 spot me, and that the law would show up.
 thought they would come earlier.”

   “But if you suspected Mr. Henderson . ..
 “I had no proof. I set a trap by calling hii
 and telling him I was going to deal wit
 Shawn at Ramus’ office. By that time I fig
 ured they had you. I thought you might be z
 the office. Shawn lived at a hotel, Ramus in
 furnished room. The library with its stacks <
 books would be a good place ...”

   She sighed. “You’re kind of smart. I’m sui
 prised that you ever got mixed up in thi
 thing. ”

   “Blue eyes have effect,” I grinned down z
 ■ her. “You’d be surprised what a pair of blu
 eyes would make me do.”

   She looked away, but she didn’t seem to h
 angry. She didn’t seem to be mad at all. “Wha
 will they do with Ramus?” she was trying t
 change the subject.

   “Send him up, probably. Best thing the
 could happen. He’d like the prison library.
 “You’re hard.”

   “You think so?”

   She didn’t really, Her eyes showed tha
 when she turned back to face me. They wer
 smiling, and very, very blue.

END
My work was okay—but I was
plenty worried.

I WAS scared, I don’t mind telling you.
I was walking down a main street in my
home town, with maybe a hundred peo-
ple on the sidewalk within call, and still I
was scared, worse than I’d ever been. Every
time an old scrap of newspaper blew out of
an alley mouth, I almost cut and ran.

  I’m not very big—something close to
average size, I guess. And I’ve never con-
sidered myself a brave man. I have to work
up my nerve for a couple of weeks to make
the regular call to my dentist, because the
thought of pain, of being deliberately hurt,
really gets me.

  I was thinking about that, and the whole
mess was the craziest thing I’d ever heard
of. I stopped in front of the Crosset Jewelry
Store and lit a cigarette. The dark window
pane made a mirror for the street behind
me, and I looked at that until the match
burned my fingers. All I learned was^lhat
I needed a shave and looked like hell in gen-
eral.

  I don’t know what I expected to see. Rusty,

In these days, living expenses are ad-
mittedly high. But thirty thousand
dollars was a lot more dough than I
cared to put out for rent—on my
grave!

25

CO.D.-CASH, OR DEATH!

By

HENRY NORTON
26

HENRY NORTON

the chauffeur, or red-haired Diana, or Joseph
Grieve himself. Or the shape of fear, I
didn’t know what to expect. I knew only
that I was scheduled to be killed. . . .

T^OUR days ago, I’d been a quiet, undis-
•*- turbed draftsman in an architect’s office
down town; single, with no more money in
the bank than you’d expect, and no entang-
ling alliances with babes or booze or betting
that would make anybody want to knock me
off. I had as much fun as the average guy,
but the company didn’t like playboys or
trouble-makers, so I kept my nose clean.

  Then, four nights ago, this big car met
me at the building entrance at five o’clock.
A tall, slim guy in a chauffeur’s cap and
uniform with shiny black boots came over,
polite as you please.

  “You’re John B. Severn,” he said.

  It didn’t sound like a question, the way he
said it, but I told him I was, anyway. And
he asked me if I’d be good enough to come
with him for a half hour. Said he’d take me
home immediately afterward. Said it • was
important, and to my advantage.

  Well, it didn’t make sense, but I’ve given
up expecting everything to make sense any-
way, so I climbed into five thousand dollars
worth of automobile and this guy started off.
He couldn’t—or wouldn’t—tell me what it
was all about. When I fired questions at
him he’d just grin and shake his head.

  We stopped in front of a big old stone
house in a quiet neighborhood, and the
chauffeur followed me up the steps and rang
the bell. The door was opened by a quiet
little man about fifty or sixty. He had bright
blue eyes behind steel-rimmed glasses, gray
hair brushed back in a smooth wave, and
clothes that must’ve cost as much as I make'
in a month. There was a girl in the hallway
behind him, and she was—

  She was terrific. She had red-gold hair
in the length I like, down to her shoulders on
the side, and a kind of page-boy deal in the
back. There wasn’t too much curl—the hair
looked like a burnished helmet on her head,
like Diana Artemis. You learn stuff like
that in architect school. But she was terrific.
She smiled at me, and I came back with a
moon-faced grin. I hadn’t seen so pretty a
girl in all my life, I was sure of that.

  She had on a light green wool sport suit
that made her figure something to dream
about. She stood by the door to the living
room, doing nothing but smile at me, and
the old guy took me by the arm and led me
past her. The driver of the car followed us,
and slouched down with one shining boot
cocked carelessly over a chair arm.

  The old guy wasted no time.

  “My name is Joseph Grieve,” he said,
“cttid these are my associates, whom you will
not see again if you are wise. Briefly, sir,
we want thirty thousand dollars.”

  It took the wind out of my sails, completely.
I suppose I looked ridiculous, staring at the
guy. I looked at the girl, and at the odd-
acting chauffeur, but neither of them seemed
to think it was a joke. I looked back to the
little gray-haired man who called himself
Joseph Grieve.

  “Perhaps I should explain more fully,”
the man said. “When I read that John B.
Severn had inherited a hundred thousand
dollars I had you brought here, so that you
might not mistake the seriousness of our
intentions. We are criminals, Mr. Severn,
and we feel no compunction about it You
will either turn over to us thirty thousand
dollars of your new fortune, or you will be
killed.”

  I could think of only one tiling to say.

  “Is this a gag?”

  “Do you think so?” Grieve said crisply.
“I assure you it isn’t. We know that the
money, in cash, will be in your possession
tomorrow. The newspaper accounts of the
inheritance have been quite complete, for-
tunately. Now here is a special delivery
envelope with my address on it. It was ad-
dressed, never mind how, on a typewriter in
your office, on your office stationery. You
will enclose a cashier’s check for thirty thou-
sand dollars, explaining to the administrator
that it is a business transaction. If that
check is in my hands Friday, you will never
see any of us again. If it is not, you will
be dead within four’ days, no matter what
steps you may take to prevent it.”

  I turned the envelope over in my hands.
It was an envelope from Storm, Solvig and
Company, the outfit that hired me. It was
rubber-stamped above the firm name with the
regular rubber stamp I use for my own mail.
It was addressed to Mr. Joseph Grieve, at
the address of the stone house we were in.

  Something about the calm and complete
efficiency of the whole thing sent a little
thrill of fear into me, even then, tightening
my stomach muscles, making a tiny rill of
perspiration go down my spine.

  “I’ll go straight to the police,” I said.

  I knew as soon as I’d said it that I’d
weakened my position. By giving them even
that much of an argument I’d admitted a kind
of half belief in their deal. I knew it by the
scornful tilt of the redhead’s lips, the sudden
fierce brightness of Grieve’s eyes. I knew
it even better from the fact that my words
were hollow and gave me no comfort

  “Logical, but quite useless,” Grieve said.
“Believe me. One of our assets in this busi-
ngs is a flawless reputation. We shall sim-
C.O.D.—CASH, OR DEATH!

27

ply deny your charge, and present convincing
evidence that it is merely a scheme on your
part to avenge yourself because Diana here
has spurned your advances. It will put you
in a very bad light. In addition to which,
you will still be killed.”

  “Do you people mean to sit here and tell
me you’re serious about this?” I said. My
voice wasn’t any too steady, but I drove it.
"Do you honestly think this crazy scheme
has a chance of working ? ”

  “It’s worked before,” Grieve said.

  I stared at him.

  “Remember Clinton Carruthers?” he asked.
His smile was gentle, but it held a queer
sense of menace, like the smile of a tiger or
crocodile. “Clinton Carruthers was an attor-
ney in the same building you work in, Mr.
Severn. He died, they said, from an over-
dose of sleeping pills. He did not. We killed
him, because he refused what we asked.”

*FHAT one hit home. I’d known Carruthers.
■•■He took in a fancy fee just before his
death; something like fifty thousand dollars.
There was no reason why he’d commit
suicide, and nobody knew of him taking sleep-
ing pills. But he’d died from an overdose of
them, just five days after he got his big
check. It was peculiar, to say the least.

  But this would explain it, quite nicely. And
it did more than anything else to convince
me that these people meant business.

  There was a way out. I thought about it,
but it wasn’t a way I cared to use. Better
» take the rap myself than—no, that way
yas n'o good. So I decided to bluff it out,
feally play hard to get, and see what hap-
)ened.

  I stood up. “I’ll have to think about it,”

! said.

  I could tell by the old guy’s grin that he
igured he had me hooked. He nodded and
aid, “Today’s Wednesday. If you mail the
noney tomorrow it’ll reach me in time. If

you don’t; if it doesn’t get here by Friday,
you won’t live through the weekend.”

  I didn’t answer that. I walked over to the
red-head. She stood up as I came near, and
her eyes were wary. She was just as pretty
close up as she’d been from across the room.

  “So, Diana, you spurn my advances!”

  I put a hand under her chin, none too
gently, and kissed her hard on the mouth.
For a second I thought she was going to
return the kiss, and then she backed away
and swung a hand at my face. It missed,
and I walked out of the house. Behind me
the old man was grinning, but the chauffeur
didn’t seem too happy about things.

  The more I thought about it, the screwier
it got. When I thought about Carruthers,
the idea seemed practical, and dangerous.
But when I thought.about myself, it was just
funny. Because I could no more send Grieve
a check for thirty grand than I could swim
the Atlantic. If I raked all my cash together
it might total seven hundred bucks, but not
any more.

  So I gave it a miss. What else could I
do? I went back to the office and turned out
the plans for the Forbes store, and they went
off pretty well. Charlie Myers, the head of
the drafting department, came around about
four.

  “You been boozin’?” he asked me.

  “What’s the matter?” I said. “Plans
wrong?”

  “They’re okay,” he said. He was a small
guy, with fierce eyebrows, and a kind of
nervous way of sniffling. “What I mean is,”
he said, “you’ve been so jumpy all day. Every
time anybody walks behind you, you act like
they’re gonna stick a knife in your back.”

  Maybe I had. It was certainly closer to
the truth than I liked. I wasn’t sure.

  “So maybe I had a bad night,” I said.

  “Better lay off,” Charlie said. “You know
how the bosses go for that. Or maybe you
don’t care now that you got all the dough.”

YOU GET THEM

  , Ail IN

Wmm

PUREX

e*-four

 C/ieckLidT7tye IMte

 4 IMPORTID BRIAR S

 *°Wl ^MriirVli) ▼ MUMINOM SAFETY LOCK /

A AlUMiNUM
MOISTURE TRAP V f AlUMiNUM SHANK LINING V

Mad* by 14 H Sf*m Inc., mok*n of
IHS $»*mw*i» Pip** $5, *7.50, ilO
28

HENRY NORTON

  “Same sweet character,” I said.

  “Well, straighten up an’ fly right!” he
told me.

  Some fun!

  A pack of predatory parasites preparing
to pop papa in the pants, and I'm supposed
to act like it was April in Paris. I gave
Charlie the grin I usually save for maiden
aunts at Christmas and birthdays.

  “I’ll watch it,” I said.

  My work was okay, that was something.
I left the joint at five and went home. I
opened the door of the four room apartment
I call my castle, and something made a big
noise in the fireplace, throwing ashes up
and around more than somewhat.

  When I got through jittering I went over
and looked, and there was a typewritten
note on the mantle. “That was a firecracker,”
the note said. “It could have been a bomb.
Better send the money.” It wasn’t signed
and it didn’t need to be.

  I’m enough of a construction man to fol-
low back the wires and see how nicely the
joint is wired for an explosion. I got the
apartment manager on the phone and raised
hell.

  “Said he was from the phone company,”
the manager told me. “Why wouldn’t I let
him in?”

  “You ask for his credentials?” I wanted
to know.

  “Would you?” asked the manager.

  I shut up then. Chances were six, two and
even the guy would have had good enough
credentials to get by an apartment house
manager anyway.

  So I kept on letting it slide. Hell, I didn’t
have the dough they wanted, but I couldn’t
tell them that. I had to sweat it out. I had
to let it slide.

  I went to the office next morning, and about
ten-thirty I wanted a little coffee, so I went
out. There was a little car with its engine
idling by the corner as I went over. It
started with a lunge, and I missed being run
over by inches. The car went slewing around
a corner and out of sight before there were
any cops available, or before anybody got a
look at the mud-spattered license.

  That was plenty. I went to the police.
And did I ever get a surprise!

  The cops thought I was crazy. The harder
I talked to make them see how serious it
was, the more I could see that look on their
faces that said, “Here’s a nut with delusions
of persecution. Harmless, maybe, but
screwy! ”

  There was a sergeant named Riley. “If
we started an investigation every time a fire
popped or somebody almost got hit by a
car,” he told me, “we’d have time to do
very little else.”

  “But these people threatened me!” I sai
“Here's the note that was on my mantl
Hell, you can see I’m not making this up.

  He looked at the note, turned it over, ai
said, “Storm, Solvig and Company. That
where you work! ”

  I don’t know how I’d missed it. The no
was on the reverse side of one of our ow
letterheads. It looked plenty phony to Rile
and I could see how it would. But I had t
keep trying.

  “Won’t you even talk to them?” I askei
pleadingly.

  He gave me a long, unfriendly stare. “Ye
I think I will,” he said finally. “I think
will.”

T SAT there while he wangled the telephor
number out of information, called, and g<
Grieve on the line. It wasn’t a very Ion
conversation and Riley’s face got darker an
darker as it went on. He hung up at la;
and swung around like he was going to slu
me.

  “I’ve a notion to run you in!” he said.

  “Now hold on!” I said. “I know whs
Grieve told you. He said I’d been chasin
after his daughter; that I was just tryin
to get even for being turned down.”

  “It makes a good deal more sense tha
your story, young man!” Riley said. “I’r
going to do a little checking up on you, an
heaven help you if I find you’re trying t
pull a fast one. Now get along with you!”

  When you came to think of it. Grieve di
have the better story of the two. No co
was likely to belieye a wild thing like thei
threat, and if any cop saw that red-heac
he’d easily imagine a guy making passes a
her.

  So I followed the sergeant’s advice an
got along. I went down onto the street, an.
Riley came out while I was still standinj
there. He started to say something, an<
just then a truck going past backfired,
was back in that doorway like a cat gettinj
off a marble-topped table. Riley looked a
me and frowned.

  “You got it bad, haven’t you?”

  “Don’t mind me,” I said. “I need exer
cise.”

  “You sure you don’t want to come bad
upstairs and talk to a couple of guys?” hi
said. “Maybe we could find some place foi
you to lie down and rest a while.”

  “In the psychiatric ward,” I snorted. “N(
thanks.”

  “Now I’m warning you,” he said sternly
“No funny business from now on, or it’ll g(
hard with you. Just don’t try to start any-
thing!”

  “All I want to do is stay alive,” I said
“And I’m getting damned little co-operation. *■
c.o.D.—Cash, or death*

29

 THE fat was in the fire now, but good.

   Grieve knew I’d gone to the cops. He'd
 have to get me fast now, before I could con-
 vince anybody I was telling the truth. Maybe
 if I were killed now the police might think
 a little more of my story, but that wouldn’t
 do me any good. That wasn’t the way I
 wanted to convince them.

   Well, I figured, if the cops wouldn’t be-
 lieve me, I’d have to get help from someplace
 else. I couldn’t see myself licking the gang
 single-handed; not with the way it was or-
 ganized. And there was only one guy I could
 think of who might go to bat for me. I went
 to the office.

   Charlie Myers was sitting in front of a
 drafting board with a sour look on his face.
 “Where the hell have you been?” he said.
 “Three hours for lunch!”

   I let him have it straight. “Charlie, there
 are some people in town trying to kill me.
 I need help! ”

    “I’d rather help them,” he said.

   “No kidding,” I told him. “They think
 they can scare me into giving them some
 dough. That, or they’ll bump me off.”

   For a minute he stared at me and forgot
to sniffle. He leaned back in his chair and
said, “Are you serious, Johnny? You mean
! somebody really has threatened you?”

   “Hell, yes!” I said. I let him have the
 whole story then, and he kept shaking his
 head as if he didn't know whether to believe
 me or not.

   “Why don’t you tell the police?”

   “I did,” I said, “and they didn’t believe
 a word of it. The sergeant offered to throw
 me in the jug.”

   “Maybe that wouldn’t be such a bad idea,”
j Charlie said thoughtfully. “If this is the
straight goods, you’d be safer in jail than
•any place else.”

    It was an idea, but not one I liked.

   “I couldn’t stay there forever,” I said.
 “And they’d be waiting for me when I came
 out. No, Charlie, I got to get the goods on
 them. That's the only way.”

   “You could pay ’em off,” Charlie said.
 “There’s that way. After all, you did inherit
 the dough. Maybe it’d be smart to pay ’em
 off and get rid of ’em.”

   For a minute I was tempted to tell the
 straight of it to him, but I couldn’t see
 where I’d gain anything, so I kept on playing
 it the other way.

   “Hell, it’d only whet their appetites,” I
 said. “If they found out they could scare
 me into paying them once, they’d keep at it
 a3 long as I had a nickel.”

   “Even that might be better than—” ^
 “Whose side are you on?” I asked him.
 “No, I’m going to give ’em a run for it,
 "anyway.”

  “Okay,” he said. “What do you want me to

do?”

  “Damned if I know,” I confessed.

  Charlie sniffled thoughtfully. “What seems
to be indicated,” he said, “is some kind of a
trap where you’d be able to make a record
of their voices. Even your pal Riley wouldn’t
be able to laugh that one off.”

  “Dictaphone?” I was thinking out loud.

  “Say, how about that?” Charlie said.
“Get ’em to come to your apartment. Pre-
tend you’ve decided to pay off, or something.
I’ll rig up a wire recorder, and catch the
conversation from a closet or something like
that. When we get enough evidence, I step
out and throw a gun on ’em while you call the
police.”

  “Probably both get killed,” I said.

  “I can take care of myself,” Charlie Myers
said. And there was a grimness about his
mouth that made him look like he meant it.

T BEGAN to cheer up a little. It looked like
I’d picked a pretty good guy to help me.
And desperate as the chance was, it was
better than sitting around waiting for a sud-
den and violent death from some unexpected
quarter.

  “How soon can we do it?” I said.

  “Gimme your key,” he said. “It’s quarter
to three now. You stay here till six, and then
come home. Call this joker and have him
meet you at your apartment, with his crew.
I’ll have the trap all set.”

  “That’s action,” I said.

  I shucked the apartment key off my chain
and handed it to him. He wrinkled his nose
and said, “You better let me have some dough
to get the gear, Johnny. I haven’t got it
to spare right now.”

  I gave him a check for a hundred, and he
went on out. I sat down and tried to get
Joseph Grieve’s phone number from informa-
tion. It was an unlisted number, and the
operator wouldn’t give it to me, so I called
Riley.

  I told him what I wanted and he bellowed
at me. “You’re up to some more of your
shenanigans,” he roared. “Didn't I tell you
I’d put you in the tank?”

  “I’m going to get evidence enough so that
it’ll even penetrate that thick Irish skull of
yours,” I told him. “Give me that number,
and stand by for a call about seven o’clock.
And I mean stand by! ”

  He argued a while, but I finally got the
number. I called Grieve, and he answered like
he’d been sitting by the phone waiting for
me to call.

  “Expecting to hear from me?” I asked.

  Genially, he said, “No, I was expecting to
hear from Rusty, the chauffeur. I was ex-
pecting to hear that you’d been taken care of.*
30

HENRY NORTON

  “Damn you,” I said.

  I hadn’t meant to let him get me down,
but hearing him condemn me to death in such
a breezy fashion was too much. I wished for
a crack at him then.

  He chuckled. “You’ve come round, haven’t
you?”

  So I went into my act. “Yeah, you win,”
I told him. “I can’t go on dodging cars all
my life. Want to come up to my apartment
this evening and collect?”

   He said, “Mail it, as I told you.”

  “No,” I said. “Look, Grieve, I think I’d
ought to get something for my dough. How’s
about a date with the red-head?”

   He hesitated. “That’s something you’ll have
to arrange for yourself, I’m afraid. Diana
is her own mistress in affairs of that nature.”
I was doubtful about that, but I said, “Any-
way you can bring her along, can't you?
You’d better bring your boy Rusty too. Be-
cause I might try to knock you off, if I get
the chance.”

   “I’d thought of that,” he said seriously.
“I’d prefer that you mailed the money as we
agreed.”

   “It’s too late to get a check certified to-
night,” I said. “You can pick it up at my
apartment, or you can go to hell. I can’t be
any worse scared than I am.”

  There was quite an interval. I finally
said, “You still there, Grieve?”

   “Yes,” he said. “All right, Severn, we’ll
be over. No funny business, now!”

   “That goes double,” I said.

  “Which reminds me,” he said. “Be very
careful on your way home. Rusty’s orders
are still to kill you, and I won’t be able to
warn him not to unless he calls in.”

TlfELL, that’s where you came in, with me
*" sanding in front of the Crosset Jewelry
Store., unshaven, dirty, tense and scared as
all hell.

  I skulked home, trying to see everywhere
at once. I didn't know what to look for, but
believe me, I didn't take a single chance I
could avoid, and I got home alive, which
was something. But it wasn’t enough, for
the deal began to queer as soon as I put my
foot in the door.

  They were all there alright. Grieve was
thumbing through a magazine, Diana, the gor-
geous redhead, was curled up on my daven-
port with her legs displayed to good advan-
tage. and the fake chauffeur was leaning
against the wall by the door. He cut over
quickly as I came in, and closed the door
behind me.

   But this was it; Charlie Myers was sitting
there too, chewing the fat with them like
they were old school chums.

  For a second I figured they’d caught him

and made him sit down with them, but on
look at his face made that idea no good.

  Brother, I was trapped for fair—all I couL
do was try stalling them in the frantic hop
that I could figure an angle. Whatever hap
pened, I decided then to make it cost then
plenty to get me.

  “So that’s the way it is?” I said.

  “You weren’t very bright,” Grieve said
“How did you think we obtained the sta
tionery from your office, if we didn’t havi
someone there working with us?”

  And then the other idea got to me.

  “Then it’s got to be a rub-out,” I said
“Even if I paid off you couldn’t leave m»
alive, now that I know Charlie’s with you.’
Grieve nodded quietly, as if murder was
a very small item to him, as if a few corpse.1
more or less made no difference. The red-
head gave me a nice smile.

  “Hell with all of you,” I said. “You don'i
get any dough out of it. Why should I paj
off if I know I’m going to get killed anyway?’
“We’ll do all right,” said Charlie Myers.
“When I took that check to the bank, ]
managed to find out you hadn’t deposited the
money yet. I know it isn’t at the office, sc
it’s got to be here someplace And we’ll find
it, brother. We know how to make you talk.”
I don’t usually cuss in front of women, bu1
what I told Charlie then made him blink and
made Grieve’s head come around. The red-
head smiled a little wider. She could take it
—that was plain.

  I went over and sat down beside her on
the davenport. I put an arm around her and
pulled her against me. This time she co-
operated on the kiss., plenty. We held it way
past the movie limit. Then I put my mouth
down close to her ear.

  “Sell these tramps out,” I whispered.
“Why not take thirty grand all for yourself,
instead of a split. Maybe we could have some
fun, that way.”

  Behind me I heard Grieve say something
about, “Let him have his fun.” The girl
pushed me away and looked to see if I
meant it. I tried to look like I did.

  “I’m going to make a fight out of it," I
whispered. “Throw in with me and you’ll
get what’s coming to you. Come on, baby,
make up your mind!”

  This time she kissed me, and I had my
answer. I turned around and looked at the
three men. Charlie and Rusty were scowling,
but Joseph Grieve wore the same serious,
calm look as always.

  I	said, “Can't we make a deal, fellows?
You don’t have to rub me out. I know when;
I’m beat. I’ll turn the dough over and keep'
my mouth shut if you let me live. I warn
you it isn’t going to be easy to find.”

  “Maybe we can,” Grieve said. “Maybe
C.O.D.—CASH, OR DEATH!

we can work out some way. First though,
the money.”

  “Oh, no!” I said, as defiantly as I could,

11	First the deal!”

  I was standing up now, walking around the
room and waving my arms a little, like I
was really upset. It took a little maneuver-
ing, but I finally got between Grieve and
Rusty so I could reach both of them. They
weren't expecting me to try anything, being
four to my one, so when I got hold of both
of them and whanged their heads together,
i: really made a swell thump. Rusty went out
like a candle, and all Grieve needed to put
him out was a smash in the chops with my
left hand.

  Charlie Myers jumped up and pulled a gun
out of his pocket. The gal raised a little auto-
matic from the handbag in her lap and shot
him right in the stomach. He sniffled once,
sort of surprised, gasped horribly, and
dropped over.

  “Nice going, baby,” I said.

  I phoned Riley, and then kept my arms
around the babe pretty constantly till he got
there, which was long before Grieve or
Rusty came to. Riley didn't like the looks of
the thing, but he simmered down when the
girl backed up my story. She told him they
forced her to accompany them, and I gave her

2	very good self-defense angle for shooting

 ilvers.

  ‘•May

    ’aybe you’ll get a light sentence, dar-
ling,” I told her, “for turning State’s evi-
dence.”

  Her face got white and she said, “But you
promised—”

  “I promised you’d get what was coming
  you, sister, and I meant just that,” I said,
  think Riley better check on whether Clin-
  arruthers had a red-haired maid when
  was poisoned.”

  felt like hell about it, but she didn’t fool
  any. I’d seen her shoot a guy in the guts
  make a few thousand dollars. I wasn’t
  _,ng any.

  iiiey said, somewhat sheepishly, “You’ve
  tto admit it sounded crazy, though. Maybe
  t’s why it came so very, very close to
  rking.”

  “It was never close to working,” I said,
use I didn’t have the dough. My old
s name is John B. Severn, too. He’s
one who got the inheritance, but the
rs never bothered to check up, it wasn’t
important.”
y the hell didn’t you say so! ” Riley
Ixploded. “That would’ve taken them off
•our back 1”	_

  “And put ’em on my Dad’s,” I said. “I’ll
,dmit I was scared, brother—but not that
cared!”

_

WINCHESTER

 batteries
 cut darkness

 Don’t go another night without the safety
 of a flashlight loaded with fresh long-lasting
 Winchester batteries. Snap the switch and
 these batteries spread a carpet of safety
 ahead of each step you take.	i

NIGHT TIRE TROUBLE

 The 18-months’ shelf-life of Winchester (No.
 1511) flashlight batteries make them favor-
 ites with motorists. One writes—“We have
 had a lot of tire trouble in the past year.
 Synthetic tubes and worn out tires have a
 nasty habit of going flat at night—far from
 home and a service station. Ask my son
 what’s handier than our flashlight then?”

 Look for—and get—Winchester batteries.
 You’ll find the Winchester Self-Service
 Cabinet wherever flashlights and batteries
 are sold. Winchester Repeating Arms Com-
 pany, New Haven, Conn., Division of Olin
 Industries, Inc.	^ /

^-WINCHESTER

' BATTERIES / s, / -

 Make light of the dark	d/
J

DEATH'S OLD
SWEET SONG

THEY rode to the prison together, Sam
Lester, the big Homicide Lieutenant,
and Craig Manton, the girl’s lawyer, in
Manton’s long, sleek car.

  “It would pick this night to rain!” Sam
Lester said.

  Craig Manton had been drinking, and he
was in a surly mood. “It doesn’t matter,” he
said. He watched the rain dance on the wind-
shield. “Why do they have to pick me?” He
spat out suddenly. “I don’t want to see the
damn thing!”

  Sam Lester rubbed his blue-tinged jaw.
“They’re not too bad,” he said through his
cigarette smoke. “Just a couple jerks against
the straps, a little bit of a smell—and it’s all
over. They’re not too bad.”

  Craig Manton swung his head around.
Sweat stood out on his forehead.

  “You’re used to this,” he said. “That’s why
I wanted you with me. That’s why I called
you.” He turned back to the road. “But a
girl. . . .”

32

  “So what?” Sam Lester asked. “She kil
a man, didn’t she?”

  Craig Manton, the girl’s lawyer, watcl
the wet asphalt stream into the headligl
beneath the pelting rain.

  He licked dry lips, recalling the aftemc
that Sam Lester had spent in the lawye
office when they heard that the governor I
refused to grant a stay. . . .

  Craig Manton had done the best a law]
could, but Sam Lester’s men had pulled t
net too tight.

  The girl had been found with the body. T
gun was on the floor, where she’d dropped
her prints on it. Just those two, in her drei
ing room. They hadn’t heard a shot. It w
lost in the blaring music. The band lead
had gone back to see why she didn’t come c
for her number. He found her standing o\
Spook Slade, the man she was supposed
love. Slade had been murdered.

  Bluebird was the name she sang under. S
had lived up to it, singing the blues as thi
She was just a two-bit blues singer, and tonight she would
die in the chair—unless detective Sam Lester could spot
the one flimsy note that would trip up an unknown
Murder Maestro.

should be sung:, from the heart... not the lips.

CAM LESTER was a straight dick. He could
^ do nothing but let the cards fall as they
irould. The girl was found guilty by a jury
which couldn’t buck those cards. The death
jenalty was mandatory.

Craig Manton swung the car up before the
>rison gates.

“Execution witnesses,” Sam Lesjer told the
fuard who peered through the ram-streaked
vindow. In a moment they were inside, en-
ering the warden’s office.

Warden Kelly, a tall man with white hair,
(ink cheeks, gravely inspected their creden-
ials. His face showed strain. Bluebird was
he second woman he’d had in his death house.
3e knew what it would be like.

Lester and Manton sat on hard chairs,
tared at blue-gray walls, stark and clean.

| “This is murder,” Sam Lester said.

Craig Manton looked at him. “What d’you
bean?”

“I mean the girl here is innocent.”

“But it was your evidence. ...” Manton
egan.

Sam Lester raised a big hand. “I’m a cop-
ier, Manton," he said. “I had to go through
rith it. The evidence forced me to. Still, I
hink the girl is innocent.”

“But you can’t prove it,” Manton said.

“As I’ve been telling you all day, Manton,
f I could prove it I’d be up with the governor
nyself. ”

Manton lighted a cigar, puffed blue smoke
ip into the hot, sick air of the room.

“I'm not through with this case,” Sam
-ester said. “Whether the D.A. likes it or
lot.”

Cigarette smoke swirled above the heads of
he men in the little room and Sam Lester sat
luietly waiting, smoking, talking softly to
,raig Manton.

“I had to take her,” he said. “All the cards
vere against her. You knew her defense. ‘I
lidn’t kill him. I found him there. Yes, I
licked up the gun from the floor where it was,
lropped it when I realized. ... I didn’t kill
jim, he was no good, but I loved him...’ Then
ibout her past. About Bluebird being strictly

a press agent stunt. Her name was Marion
Maxon and she came from Groveton, Penn-
sylvania. Just a kid with a husky voice and a
heart that belonged to a no-good hoodlum.”

  “That was it,” Manton said. “What could
I do for her? What could any attorney do
for her?’’

  Lester kept talking as if he didn’t hear
Manton. “About the gun,” he said, “there
was something about the gun. One piece of
evidence that didn’t tie in. The D.A. never
used it. Had enough, lie said. So I kept it. I
wondered about it. A funny little thing, just a
piece that didn’t fit. I kept it and it tantalized
me, told me that someone had framed that
girl. Someone very smart.”

  Sam Lester stopped, lighted a cigarette.
Watched the smoke fan out from his lips.

  Manton was looking at Lester, tight lipped.
“You mean you had evidence^that you with-
held?”

  “It wasn’t withheld. It was turned over to
the D.A. It just didn’t fit in.”

  “What was it?” Manton asked.

  Lester didn’t have time to answer. He was
called to the telephone.

  He went into the other room to answer It
and Manton sat back, smoking and wait-
ing. . . .

  Sam Lester came back with the warden.

  “It is time, gentlemen,” Warden Kelly said
quietly. His humanity was in his eyes; his
face was lined. He had a job to do. He was
acting in accordance with the dictates of the
law. He had no choice.

  They went outside then, into the lashing
rain, across the prison yard to the Death
House, down a long corridor and into the
execution chamber. The cub reporter followed,
nervously inhaling a bent cigarette.

  There were benches for them to sit on be-
neath a sign marked SILENCE, and the grim
instrument of justice at the other end—the
chair, stark and fearsome, waiting for the kill.

  Sam Lester and Craig Manton sat in the
rear row. Despite the sign, Lester still talked
in a low soft voice, charged with high excite-
ment.

  “My men are giving me a hand,” Lester
was saying. “That was Sergeant Conroy on

By GEORGE'WILLIAM RAE
34	GEORGE WILLIAM RAE

the phone. They went over that alley in the
rear of the Blue Moon again with a fine comb.
They found a shell from the .32 that killed
Slade! He must’ve been killed in the alley,
carried inside, and the girl is right—she did
find him that way!”

  “It’s all theory,” Craig Manton said. He
was a shrewd lawyer, knew his evidence. “The
governor wouldn’t—”

  “Yeah, I know,” Sam Lester said bitterly.
Manton wiped his mouth with the back of
his hand. He looked tired, worn.

  He took a flask from his pocket, drank deep-
ly. He replaced the flask in his pocket, then
carefully wiped his lips with the cobalt-blue
handkerchief which he always wore in the
breast pocket of his coat.

  “Conroy is checking one last lead,” Sam
Lester said. “If it works out, I’ll be able to
put the finger on the real killer.”

CAM LESTER took one more telephone call
^ in the autopsy room off the execution
chamber. He was back quickly.

  “The warden is calling the governor one
last time,” he said. “We found out about an
angle the D.A.’s invetisgating attorneys
muffed, or passed up. There was another guy.
A big shot. He was trying to make a play
for Bluebird. I think I can pin it on him. We
found out this other guy was being black-
mailed by Spook Slade and that he was nearly
broke and half-crazy because Bluebird wanted
no part of him. He killed Spook Slade and
put the frame on Bluebird.”

  Craig Manton took another drink. “What’re
they waiting for?” he asked.

  Lester said, “The warden. He’ll be back
in a minute. Then he’ll either go on with it
or keep her in the cells. It all depends on
what the governor says. I tied in that last
piece of evidence. The warden knows that,
too. That funny little thing that bothered me
so much. I tied it in.”

  Manton said, “I can’t stand much more of
this.”

  “It won’t be long,” Lester said. His dark
eyes were half closed. “Take it easy.”
Manton had his flask out again. “I can’t
stand it.”

  “Take it easy, you got nothing to worry
about. You’re not going to the chair.”

  Manton swung around savagely. “No, I’rt
not. But she is.”

  “Maybe,” Sam Lester murmured.

  “Maybe—maybe! Why don’t they get il
over with? Damn it, I can’t stand it!”
“You’re not going to the chair.” Lester’
voice was a low monotone.

  Manton’s sullen eyes blazed suddenly. “Anc
damn you, too!” he cried. “You’ve been play-
ing cat and mouse with me all day! I see i1
now, you’ve been sweating me, working on
my nerves. I see it now !”

  A rumble rose from the men on the bench-
es. They turned and stared at Manton anc
Lester. Sam Lester was smiling. He saic
nothing.

  “God knows what you’ve dug up,” Manton
went on, his voice rising. “You wouldn’t lei
well enough alone. Let the girl die like 1
planned for her to die!”

  Manton stopped and stared around, wide-
eyed. “Yes, I killed him because he was suck-
ing me dry and keeping her away from me!
He had a hold over her. She wouldn’t give
me a chance. ...”

  Sam Lester was on his feet as were all the
men in the execution chamber.

  “You were the one who arranged for me
to be a witness,” Manton screamed at Lester.
“You fixed it, didn’t you, you devil! Well,
you’re coming with me!”

  A gun glittered in Manton’s hand. He
swung it toward Sam Lester.

  At that instant a sharp blue flame darted
from the police positive of Lester’s man—the
detective who had been masquerading as the
cub reporter.

  Manton’s gun became a great weight in his
hand. He dropped it and staggered back, eyes
wide. Slowly he folded to the death chamber
floor, gasping out his life.

  Sam Lester bent over him, “Get the doc,”
he said tersely.

  Lester took the cobalt-blue handkerchief
from Manton’s breast pocket and an envelope
from his own. The blue thread in the en-
velope matched the blue of the handkerchief,
Sam Lester looked down at Craig Manton;
“It was on the gun, Manton, when you
wiped the prints off. Just that blue threat
caught on the sight. Just a little blue threa<
to tie you up for Hell. ...”

  Dime Mystery offers you stories of spine-tingling excitement, eerie mys-
tery salted with more than a sou peon of horror. Here you will find stories
by masters of the exotic murder mystery—such outstanding creators of
crime-fiction as Dale Clark, Henry Norton, Robert Turner and Ken Lewis.

  Make a date with yourself for an evening of fascinating murder fiction
enjoyment. The next issue will be out on September 4th!
eMuseu

    It was a dark night in Wairangel, India, when
 Dr. Butchia answered a hurry call to the outskirts
 of his village to treat a patient. In a dimly-lit
 house he found six brothers, one of them ill, the
 other five grimly expectant. One thing they prom-
 ised him—prompt payment of his bill.

    The doctor set to work. Despite his ministra-
 tions his patient sank steadily and five nights later
 the sick man died.

    Authorities found Dr. Butchia had been buried
 alive with his patient—and sentenced the five
 brothers to life at hard labor.

  The constancy of young Ahmed Djafek's love for
wealthy Widow Koprulu had become a byword in
Anatolia, Turkey—even when she became desper-
ately ill, he remained at her bedside, administer-
ing to her wants, heedless of possible contagion
from her mysterious malady. Friends finally were
called in to witness a wedding at the sick-bed.

  The marriage rituals and festivities over, neigh-
bors tiptoed out, sure the bride would recover—
her voice had been a lot stronger than for some
time—but she didn't. In fact, medical examina-
tion proved conclusively that she had been dead
at the time of her wedding—and the courts proved
her groom to be a fortune-hunting—ventriloquist!

    White man's justice is old in the British colony
 of Burmei out Singapore way—and tenacious.
 Not too long ago authorities finally solved the
 150-year-old disappearance of two men and two
 women, known to have incurred the local natives'
 displeasure. A tropical storm helped them by fell-
 ing a giant tree and dislodging a huge slice of its
 bark. Foresters examining the tree for disease,
 found the bark had grown over a panel leading
 to a hollow cavity, containing four identifiable
 skeletons—obviously imprisoned alive!

    For a century and a half their living prison had
 continued its growth around them.

  In 1938 medical circles in Paris were set on
their collective ears by a newcomer, one Dr. Louis
Beneteau, whose bloody scalpel effected "cures"
where others believed them Impossible—so unusual
were his treatises on cancer, his specialty, that he
was invited to address a conference on cancer at
the Sorbonne. In the meantime, though, he was
called on to act as chance witness in a minor case
in a Paris courtroom, and made such incoherent
replies that the Judge ordered him investigated.

   He turned out to be an escaped maniac from the
Villejuif Asylum—an ex-carpenter with no medical
background. His patients promptly keeled over in
droves, while the "doctor" was taken back to his
keepers, protesting smilingly, “Not really mad."
THE POOL OF FEAR

By KEN LEWIS

A Thrilling Mystery Novelette
of Creeping Menace

      Perhaps that dark, bottomless pool, the strangely frightened
      girl, and the decayed, empty grandeur of the silent house
      should have warned me. . . . But I, too, counted myself as
      among the lost and the damned—and not even my grisly
      masquerade could save either Ellen or me from the living
      death that crept about us.

CHAPTER ONE

Dark Water

[DROPPED off the freight as it slowed
for the last curve before reaching the
Milvale yards. On either side of the rail-
road cut, high clay bluffs cut off the view;
but far ahead, shimmering vaguely in the
wheat country heat, rose the towers of the
flour mills which gave the town its only ex-
cuse for existence.

  It looked like a thousand other places I’d
seen in the past two years, and for the thou-
sandth time I asked myself what it was I
expected to find here, or anywhere else, for
that matter. Then I shrugged, knocked some
of the cinders out of my hair, and started up
an old 'bo path which climbed the right bluff
toward a grove of elms and sycamores at the
36

top. I’d almost reached the crest when I no-
ticed the high wire fence girdling the trees
there. A small sign, red and white, was nailed
to the nearest post:

    TRESPASSERS BEWARE-
    THIS FENCE IS CHARGED 1

  I cursed. It had been too much of a climb,
almost thirty feet straight up in all this heat,
just to turn around and go back down again.
Besides, fences have always irritated me. In
the end, I shinnied up the post, taking care not
to touch the top strand of wire, and dropped
over into the trees on the other side.

  About ten yards in, the grove began to
thin, and I could hear muted sounds of splash-
ing ahead. Ten yards more, and I came out

   He screamed and fired his first shot . . j

38

KEN LEWIS

at the edge of a natural, rock-bound pool—
the kind of place they call a gravel pit in
California, but which here would be known
as a quarry hole.

  A girl was swimming in the pool, with
just her head, shoulders, arms and feet show-
ing intermittently as she stroked.

  I started to fade back into the trees, and
then I caught her watching me and grinned
at her.

  “Pardon me. But is this the Milvale public
baths?”

  She laughed. Her face puckered up like a
child’s and her eyes crinkled. They were nice
eyes, a kind of gray-blue which went well
with her taffy hair, and there was no fear in
them at all; only a very small touch of obscure
longing.

  But there was something about the laugh
which didn’t quite fit—certain high thin over-
tones I’d heard before. I studied her.

  “I didn’t think it was that funny.”

  “You don’t know how funny it was. No
one’s come over that fence in years.”

  “I don't like fences.”

  Her eyes seemed to darken a little. Tread-
ing water, she looked almost boyish, with her
slender freckled face and flat beautifully
curved lips.

  “No, neither do I. Well, as long as you’re
here, you might as well join me.”

  I eyed the dancing water hungrily. “Love
to. Only I seem to have forgotten my swim-
ming trunks.”

  “That’s all right. I’ll promise not to look
till you get in.”

  Something told me this was crazy; that I
ought to be on my way right now. Instead, I
grinned.

  “Fair enough. It’s a deal.”

  She turned in the water to face the knoll
opposite, while I slipped out of shoes, pants
and shirt.

  “How’s the bottom?” I called. “I mean,
can I jump in right here without cracking my
noggin?”

  “Oh, there isn’t any bottom. Or if there
is, no one’s ever been deep enough to find it.
I think it goes straight through to China. It’s
artesian, you know. Very cold.”

  I dived in head first, and felt the pull on my
heart as the icy water wrapped me. I came
up, gasping and tingling, and found her laugh-
ing at me from about ten feet away.

  She didn’t make one-tenth the work of it
that I did, but she always managed to keep
the same distance between us. Finally, I had
to take hold of a root beside the bank and
call it quits.

  “You’re good at this. Like you’d done it
before.”

  She was facing the other way, but I could

tell by her voice that she didn’t like my
implication.

  “Why shouldn’t I be able to swim? That’s
all there is to do around here.” She pulled
herself out and disappeared into the trees.

A LL the time I was dressing, I could hear
her back in the grove somewhere, sob-
bing. I tried to tell myself that I didn’t get
it; that I didn’t know what was wrong, and
didn’t care. But I think I was beginning to
get it, even then.

  She was sitting hunched over on a log
when I finally found her. She had put on
a pair of blue coveralls, but there was plenty
that was feminine about her.

  “I didn't mean anything by that crack,” I
said.

  She had stopped crying now, but her mouth
had a sullen twist. “I know what you meant.
And I asked for it. What else could I ex-
pect, inviting a—a tramp from the railroad
tracks to go swimming with me. Do you think
I'd have done a thing like that, if there was
anyone else I could ask? I guess you don’t
know what it’s like to be lonely, so lonely
you’d welcome the company of the lowest,
tramps that ever lived, just to have another
human being around!”

  She wasn’t trying to be gentle about it I
nodded. “Yes,” I said slowly. “I know all
about loneliness. I guess I could write a book
about it. But if you’re so damned forlorn, why
don’t you find somebody respectable to play
with ? I thought that fence was to keep other
people out, not you in.”

  She laughed, and it was all ugly overtone
this time. “The fence isnt' needed to keep
other people away. I’m enough for that. No
one will come near this place, not even to
work. They think I’m sick.”

  “Are you sick?”

  “I had a nervous breakdown.”

  She watched me carefully for my reaction.
I shook my head.-
“That doesn’t mean anything. People have
been having them for years, and getting over
them.”

  She was studying me more closely now; still
frowning, but with something new in her
eyes.

  “What's your name?”

  I don’t know why I gave it to her straight
I hadn’t done that for two years. But some-
how, despite her ugly mood, I liked this girl
and felt sorry for her. I told her the truth.
“Stephen Langley, not that it matters.”
She nodded. “Yes, I knew you were a
doctor. The way you looked at me, back there
at the pool. Just like Dr. Welsh, at the
sanatarium. ”

  I could feel the old bitterness crowding me
THE POOL OF FEAR

39

hard. I shook my head. “You were right the
first time. I’m just a bum.”

  “I read your book. Dr. Stephen Langley.
‘The Incidence of Maniac Depressive Symp-
toms in Late Adolescence’. Don’t tell me
you’re not the man who wrote that book.”
“No,” I said. “I’m not the man. I may
have his name, his measurements, even his
fingerprints. But the man who wrote that
book died two years ago. He’s as dead as that
log you’re sitting on. And so, goodbye.”

  She let me get as far as the third row of
trees. Then she called out suddenly, and her
voice had that little rising note of hysteria
that I’d noticed earlier in her laugh.

  “Doctor! Doctor Langley! You can’t
leave me now, when I need you so! It’s in
your ethics, you can’t turn away a patient!”

  I wheeled to find her directly behind me.
Her lips were parted and her eyes were bright.
She was panting.

  “I told you I'm not a doctor any more,” I
snapped. “And a bum has no ethics! ”

  “All right. All right then, bum! I’ll put it
this way: How’d you like to sleep between
sheets for a change? How’d you like a nice
warm homecooked meal? . . . Oh, I’m not
offering any handout. There’s work to be
done around this place, and I told you the town
people won’t come here to do it. I could
probably get my brother to put you on for
awhile, as handyman. Or are you afraid, like
the others?”

  I knew it was just a ruse. That she thought,
if I stayed, she could find some way to make
me treat her.

  I thought so, too. And I knew I had no
business doing that—nor any right to.

  I said. “What’s your name?”

  “Ellen. Ellen Beaumont.”

  “All right, Miss Beaumont. But strictly in
the capacity of handyman.”

rPHE house was one of those two-story
colonial types, with a facade of decaying
white pillars, and a shingle roof that needed
patching. We reached it from the pool by
crossing a rolling five-acre pasture, by-passing
a ruined garden plot, and circling a musty
brick carriage house. A brick drive wound
through the front lawn from the gates out
front, and the lawn itself was dotted by huge
old black walnut trees, the grass growing high
around their trunks and littered with the rot-
ting husk of last year’s nuts.

  She led me to a second-floor bathroom that
must have pre-dated the, first world war,
and waited in the hall outside while I shaved
with rusty water from a thumping fauceU- It
was as though she feared I might escape
if left to my own devices.

  “One thing,” she called. “You mustn’t tell

Tim about me swimming in the pool. He’s
forbidden me to go there.”

 “Why?”

  “My mother drowned there, when I was a
little girl.”

  “An accident?”

  “Yes. She had a cramp. But Tim had to
pull her out, afterwards. I was too small, and
Daddy didn’t swim. . . He’s never forgotten
it.”

  “Tim your brother? He lives here, too?”
“Yes. Dad left the place in my name, but
Tim had to take charge when I was committed.
He also looks after my interests at the mill.
Poor Tim—he’s practically spent the past ten
years taking charge of me. He’ll go on doing
it, too, unless I can find some way to make
you help me. He’s a grand guy—very de-
voted. But I don’t want to ruin what’s left
of his life. ...”

  I grunted. “What makes you think you
need any help? The hospital discharged you,
didn’t it?”

  “Yes. But only because they’d given up on
me. Oh, they didn’t tell me that, of course.
But I know. I know they think I’m a hope-
less case.”

  “And you think I could succeed where they
failed? A bum like me?”

  “You could try. I’ve read your book. I
know how highly it was regarded at the san.”
I threw open the door between us.

  “Look, Lady. Let’s get this straight: I’m
not a doctor any more. I couldn’t treat you,
even if I wanted to.”

  “You’ve been disqualified?”

  “Not officially. But I’ve disqualified my-
self.”

  “How? Won’t you tell me about it?”

  I could feel myself freezing up inside; could
feel my thoughts twisting and turning, des-
perately hunting some cranny of escape. Then
I remembered the similar symptoms I’d wit-
nessed so often in my patients, and the argu-
ments I’d had to use to break them down; to
convince them that running away did no good,
that it only prolonged the agony, and the cure.
And at last I faced her.

  “Yes,” I said. “I’ll tell you about it for
your own good. It’s not pretty, but here it
is: ... I had a patient once; a woman, who
thought she was in love with me. I put her
down as a mild neurotic, when actually she
was a dangerous paranoiac whom anyone but
a bumbling incompetent blinded by his own
ego would have committed to an institution.

  “But I had faith in her; confidence in my
ability to help her—and I even let her come
to my own home for treatment. And one day,
when I was out of the room for the moment,
she stole into the kitchen where my wife
was getting dinner. She hated my wife;
40

KEN LEWIS

blamed her for my own failure to reciprocate
her love. There was a butcher knife lying
on the table, and she used it. . . She ended up
in a hospital for the criminally insane; my
wife ended up in the morgue; and I ended up
riding the rods, after trying various other
methods of escape, and finding them all
futile.

  “Now do you see why I can’t help you?
Why I could never treat anyone again? Why
it wouldn’t be fair to me, or the patient?”

  I must have shouted the last of it. She had
slumped down on the edge of the tub while
I talked, and now her eyes were the biggest
and softest eyes I’ve ever seen. But her voice,
when it came, was clear and crisp:

  “No. No, I don’t see. You had the knowl-
edge and the ability once, and you didn't lose
them by just making a mistake. The doctor
doesn’t live who hasn’t made mistakes. Most
of them compensate for those mistakes by the
help they are able to give others afterwards.
All I’m doing is offering you that chance.
You’re my last hope. And if there’s any good
left in you at all, you’re going to help me.
At least, you’re going to try 1 ”

CHAPTER TWO

The House That Terror Built

TWO brisk honks of greeting came from
the street out front, followed by the rasp
of the front gates opening and the sound of a
car turning into the drive.

  Her face lighted. “There’s Tim now. You’ll
like him!” She raced along the hall and
down the stairs.

  “Remember,” I growled, hustling to keep
up. “I’m just Joe Doaks, an applicant for the
job of handyman.”

  The car, a ’35 Packard sedan, had stopped
before the veranda when we reached the door,
and a tall slender man with sandy hair and a
thin red line of mustache came bounding up
the front steps. He shot me a glance of sheer
surprise, dropped the market bag he was
toting, then ignored me completely while he
gave his sister a big warm grin and a long
hug. Her eyes danced like a little girl’s wel-
coming Daddy home from the office.

  At last she pushed back, laughing, and
pointed to me. “Look, Tim—what I’ve found!
This is Steve Lang, our efficient new handy-
man ! ”

  He subjected me to a half-amused scrutiny.
He had red-brown eyes with that little shine
an over-active thyrus sometimes causes, and
I put him down as at least ten years older
than her, which would make him about my
age—thirty-three.

“Well,” he said, “he certainly has the shoul-

ders for it. How’d he get in—climb the
fence?”

  “Of course not, silly! He called to me
from the gate. And when I found out he
wanted a job, I let him in right away. I know
how hard you’ve been hunting for someone to
help with the work around here.”

  “Stranger in town?”

  I nodded. “Got in this afternoon—by fast
freight. ”

  His grin was just the right size. He hadn’t
exactly impressed me as the democratic type,
but now he put out his hand.

  “Glad to have you with us, Lang. You can
bunk in the gardener’s old room in the car-
riage house. But I’m afraid you’ll have to put
up with us at meal times. We haven’t the
facilities for keeping a separate table. . . And
speaking of meal time, I’m drooling! You’ll
find some steaks in the bag, Sis. I think there’s
enough for three. . .”

  The steaks were tough. We worked on them
awhile with the blunt old case knives we were
using, and then he pushed back his chair with
a mock frown.

  “This seems to call for sterner measures.”
He crossed to an old-fashioned china closet
in the corner, unlocked its top drawer with a
key from his pocket, and took out three sharp,
short-bladed steak knives with ornate ivory
handles. He passed them around.

  The meal done, he turned to me:

  “Your first job, Lang, will be to take my
place in the kitchen and help Ellen with the
dishes. I have to dash. Those old fuddy-
duddies who run the mill pick the most un-
godly hours for their board meetings...

  “By the way, when you’re through, you’d
better put those knives back where they came
from. I left the drawer ajar, but it locks
when closed. That set’s a sort of heirloom—
one of the few remaining mementoes of a
decadent family’s grand past. It would be a
shame if anything happened to them.”
When he’d gone, Ellen made dish water
in the kitchen while I cleared the table. Then
she washed while I dried, getting through
first and apologizing for leaving me to finish.

  “Maybe it hasn’t been much a day for you,”
she said. “But I’m dead! More excitement
than there’s been around here for weeks. I’m
going to bed.”

  Her eyes did have a tired, febrile look, at
that.

  After she left, I put the dishes and silver
in their proper places in the cupboard, as she’d
showed me. But when I came to the steak
knives, I could find only two.

  I went through the kitchen and dining room
throroughly, hunting the third, and finally
opened the drawer in the china closet where
they were kept. There were three in there,
THE POOL OF FEAR

41

making five of the set of six. I put my two
with the others and returned to the kitchen,
thinking that perhaps the missing member had
been dropped into the regular cutlery drawer
by mistake.

  It hadn’t. It hadn’t, but I did find out one
thing: That drawer didn’t contain a single
cutting instrument worth the name. Just a
couple old paring knives, so dull and worn that
they’d have bent double if you tried to force
them through anything more solid than a head
of cabbage.

  I could feel the skin tightening across my
scalp. Apparently there was more than one
reason why Timothy Beaumont kept those nice
sharp steak knives under lock and key!

  After that, I went up the stairs and knocked
on her door.

  “I want to talk to you, Ellen.”

  “I’m in bed. Can’t it wait until morning?”
Her voice held the sulky sullenness of the
early afternoon.

  “No, it can’t wait.” I tried the door and
found it locked. “Your brother gave me
specific instructions about those steak knives.
I want him to find all six in the drawer when
he comes home.”

  “I don’t know what you’re talking about.
Go away now and stop bothering me, or I’ll
have to report you.”

  So she’d have to report me! She, who less
than six hours ago had practically been on
her knees, begging me to stay!

  “Ellen,” I said tightly. "I want that knife!”
“Ye gods—you’ve got knives on the brain!
I saw that this afternoon! Why don’t you go
through your own pockets? . . .” Her voice
softened a little. “I’m sorry, Steve. It’s just
that I’m so tired. . . The gardener’s room is
in the loft of the carriage house. You’ll find
a key, flashlight and clean blankets in that
closet at the end of the hall. That knife must
still be in the kitchen some place. We’ll look
for it again in the morning. . .”

FOR awhile, I was willing to believe her.
To believe that maybe Tim had taken the
knife, hoping to throw suspicion on her—or
me. But after I’d settled myself in the creak-
ing bed in the carriage house loft, and had
time to think about it some more, I knew she'
was lying.

  And I knew something else: That I didn’t
want to get mixed up in a thing like that
again. I tried to tell myself that this was as
good a way to spend a couple of weeks as any.
That the bed was soft, and the food passable,
and if I stuck it out till I’d accumulated a
little stake in my jeans, the going would be
easier when I hit the road again.

  But I could feel the old compulsion build-
ing up inside me; the compulsion to be on my

way, no matter where. And the fact remained
that anyone who didn’t have to, would be
crazy to stay around a place where knives
disappeared as soon as they were taken from
their locked drawers for a minute. Brother,
that was just asking for it 1

  Still, it took me almost two hours of that
kind of thinking to get me out of bed and into
my clothes again. Because through it all I
kept remembering the way she’d looked that
afternoon, and the way her voice had sounded,
pleading for the help she thought I could give
her. And she needed help, I knew that, now.
Regardless of who had taken the knife, she
needed help. . .

  A few yards beyond the carriage house
door, I paused for a last look at her window.
It was dark. An early moon rode above the
railroad cut to the north, and in its diffused
glow the rot and decadence of the place was
washed away. The house stood big and white
against the night, with only a few vaguely
darker patches to show where the siding
needed paint, and the roof, new shingles.

  The weeds in the neglected garden plot
might have been flowers about to bloom; and
the rolling acreage beyond, a pasture where
trim young Morgans frolicked, waiting to be
broken to the saddle. In the moonlight the
whole place looked like the haven of stately
dignified good living it once had been.

  But it didn’t tempt me much. I’d seen it
by daylight.

  Skirting the trees to the point where the
path dead-ended against the far side of the
fence, I had to pass by the pool again. Its
surface glistened like black glass beneath the
moon, and I remembered how good that cold
spring water had felt that afternoon. It was
the time of night when the world is supposed
to be cooling off, but that wheat country heat
hadn’t lifted an inch since noon, and pretty
soon I was pulling off my clothes again, for
a last dip before I went over the fence.

  I’d been splashing around for about ten
minutes, when I heard someone coming across
the pasture, moving fast and kind of panting
about it. I turned in the water to face the
sound, and pretty soon there he was, Timothy
Beaumont, silhouetted on top of the knoll. His
long thin arms and legs moved with a sort
of jerky tension, like a badly-manipulated
marionette; his tongue was caught hard be-
tween his teeth, and his face was as white as
the skull of one long dead. His fingers opened
and closed spasmodically on the butt of the
12-gauge pump gun in his arms.

  Before I could yell at him to take it easy, he
caught sight of my face bobbing in the water,
and the gun barrel levelled off.

  I submerged.

  None too soon. The sound of the gun was
42

KEN LEWIS

a hollow ringing in the water, and I could
almost feel the shot slapping against the sur-
face above my head.

  I scissored into the shadows of the rock
ledge where he stood, before I came up for
air.

  “Don’t shoot,” I gasped. “I was leaving
anyway.”

  The water interfered with his sense of
direction. I could see him almost directly
above me, searching the far bank with fren-
zied eyes.

  “Who—who is it?’' he croaked.

  “Steve Lang. The man you hired this
afternoon. I just came down for a midnight
plunge. ”

 “My God! My God—don’t ever do that
again. I—I thought it was prowlers.”

  He collapsed on the ledge, his face slack
with relief, too spent to think of helping me
over the side.

  “You look like you might have thought it
was a ghost,” I said drily, hunkering down
on the grass beside him. “How’d you know
anyone was down here?”

  “The fence. I heard you when you touched
the fence. It’s wired to a buzzer in my
room. . . We’ve been having trouble with
prowlers lately. I haven’t had a full night’s
sleep in weeks. But I’ve never been able to
catch them at it.”

  “Nuts. What is there in here that anyone
would want to steal?”

  He shook his head. “No, it’s not that. I—I
think it’s some of the youngsters from town,
trying to sneak in here for a swim. The
water’s too cold for that. I’m afraid they
might drown. That’s why I put up the fence
in the first place.”

  “Well,” I pointed out, “filling them full of
lead's indeed a very poor way to insure their
safety.”

  He tried to laugh. It came out as a dry
whinny. He was still too shaken to more than
talk coherently.

  “Oh—I wouldn’t shoot at them. Just over
their heads. Give them something to think
about, in case they had any plans for coming
back.”

T THOUGHT of the way that shot had
spanked the surface at the exact spot
where my head had been a split second before,
and decided that maybe Sister Ellen wasn’t
the only Beaumont who could use a good
psychiatrist.

  “I didn’t come within twenty yards of that
fence tonight,” I said, studying the grove
which fringed the pool’s far side. “How
long has it been since those trees were
pruned? Probably a branch has grown so
that it scrapes the fence when the breeze is

right. I’ll try to locate it and cut it off to-
mor-ww.”

  He shook his head weakly. “We had an
accident here once befftre. I don’t want a thing
like that to happen again.”

  “You mean your mother? Ellen told me
about it this afternoon."

  He eyed me dully. “Yes. Ellen’s mother.”
  “Not yours?”

  “No. My mother was the old man’s first
wife. She—she left him when I was five.”
“And left you, too?”

  His voice got a little more starch in it.
“No one knew her ever condemned her for
it! The old man wasn’t easy to live with. El-
len’s the only one who ever got along with
him. . . Look, old man, I'm afraid you'd better
not stay here, after all. There’s something
about Ellen you don’t know. ”

  I could feel the sack coming, and all at
once an unreasoning stubbornness possessed
me. Half an hour ago I’d been all ready to
call it quits and leave. Now I felt just as ob-
stinate about being kicked out. The ramifi-
cations of this thing were intriguing.

  “I know all about Ellen!” I cut in. “Beau-
mont, I’m afraid I invaded your premises un-
der false pretenses this afternoon. But it
was the only way I could get in without arous-
ing her suspicions. And for the time, I prefer
to remain icognito where she’s concerned.”
He was eyeing me more closely now. “What
are you getting at?”

  I grinned apologetically. “The fact that I’m
really Doctor Stephen Langley of California.
My old friend, Dr. Welsh, sent me here. He
wasn’t quite sure of Ellen’s condition when
she left the sanatarium, and he knew I
specialized in her type of aberration.”

  His eyes were narrow. “Why didn’t you
tell me this before?”

  I shrugged. “This is the first chance I’ve
had to see you alone. ”

  Gradually, his shoulders relaxed, and a
look of very real relief crossed his face. He
held out his hand.

  “By God, Doc,” he breathed, “I’m glad
you’re here. Frankly, I—I haven’t been too
satisfied with Ellen’s condition lately. She
seemed to be all right when she first came
home. But during the past few weeks she—■
well, I’m afraid she's slipping back again.”

  I nodded. “Small wonder, cloistered away
here with no outside contacts. She needs
people around her, friends, something to take
her mind off herself. Have you tried to do
anything about that?”

  He nodded ruefully. “Yes, I tried. I plan-
ned a surprise homecoming party for her, the
night she came back. Not a soul showed
up. . . I guess you don’t know much about
the people in these little back-country towns,
THE POOL OF FEAR

43

Doc. They’re still pretty medieval when it
comes to things like nervous disorders. And
in some idiotic way, I think they blame her
for what happened to Jeremy Richards.”
“Who’s Jeremy Richards?”

- ‘‘Her first and only beau.” Again his eyes
narrowed. “I supposed you were familiar
with her case history.”

  I shook my head. “I follow rather eccen-
tric methods, Beaumont. I prefer to go into
these things cold, with no preconceived diag-
noses to throw me off the scent. . . Tell me
about it. When did she first begin to Show
symptoms of emotional instability?”

  He looked away. “She was always a little
on the high-strung, nervous side,” he said.
“But nothing serious ever happened till the
night Jeremy Richards jilted her,”

  “All right—let’s have it. What sort of guy
was this Richards?”

  He shrugged. “Oh, he seemed to be a nice
enough lad. He delivered groceries here;
that’s how they met. They fell in love and de-
cided to elope. His folks didn’t want him to
marry, and she had some silly notion that I
wouldn’t aprove, either. . . . But we’ve always
been rather close to each other, especially since
the old man died. So a day or so before the
scheduled elopement she broke down and told
me all about it.

  “I won’t pretend to have been overjoyed.
They were only nineteen at the time, and—
well, young Richards wasn’t exactly in the
Beaumont social circle. But she’d made up her
mind, and after all, that was all that mattered.
I hope I have more sense than to try to tell
any girl whom to fall in love with—especially
my own sister. . . . But I pointed out that an
elopement would be foolish; they could be
married right here in her own home. She was
tickled to death, but afraid Jerry might not
like it, if he found out. So we decided to sur-
prise him.

  “She would go down to meet him when he
came up the path from the tracks, as original-
ly planned. Then I would step out of the trees,
waving my shotgun, and marshal them up to
the house, where the minister and wedding
guests would be waiting. The whole thing
would just be a big gag. I’m afraid it was
rather crude, but you know the sort of thing
the smart young set in any town thinks is
funny.” He paused.

  “But I take it Jeremy didn’t show up for
the party?”

  “He didn’t show up. Of course, it’s obvious
what happened. They had been putting too
much pressure on him at home—probably
threatening him with an annulment if he went
through with it—and he couldn’t take it. But
he couldn’t stand to break the news to Ellen,
either. So he lit out And he hasn’t been
heard from since.”

«QIIE cracked up that night?”

  ^ He nodded heavily. “We left the house
together, with the guests sitting around in the
dark and giggling at my prop shotgun. She
took up a position at the top of the path,
there wasn’t any fence then, and I hid back in
the trees, where I could watch her and time
my entrance. I could see her tightening up, as
the minutes dragged by and no one showed up
from the tracks below. And finally she had
hysterics and collapsed, and I had to carry her
back to the house and put her to bed; to tell
the guests they could go on home now, that
there’d be no wedding at the Beaumont men-
age that night.” His jaw tightened. “It wasn’t
more than a week till they had to come and
take her away.”

  He was shaking all over now with the strain
of reliving it. I put a hand on his arm and
helped him up. On the way back to the house,
he suggested that I move into the room across
the hall from hers, where I could observe her
better.

  “We’ll tell her the gardener’s room’s unten-
able—rats or something.”

  He waited outside the carriage house while
I went in and picked up my bed-roll. Then
we entered the house together and walked up
to the second floor hall.

  His room was the first to the right of the
stairs. The door was open, and as he stepped
through it, I saw something gleam in the shaft
of moonlight across the room.

  The something was an ivory-hafted steak
knife, held in the hand of Ellen Beaumont.

A S MY eyes adjusted to the gloom, I could
see her in there, standing by his bed in
her nightgown. She was facing us, and her
face was as blank as a sleeping baby’s. All but
her eyes. They held a kind of dull sickly
shine.

  Then they fastened on him, and her fea-
tures convulsed in an expression of the most
burning and implacable hatred I’ve ever seen.
The knife came up, and she began to advance
slowly toward us.

  He stumbled back, his face as white as it
had been down by the pool. “Oh, God—” he
choked. “Throw the blankets at her. Do
something.” His fingers began to scrabble
along the wall, hunting the light switch.

  I forced them down. “She’s somnambulant,”

I hissed. “A sudden shock right now might
force her into a crisis from which she’d never
recover! Get back in the hall—out of sight.
Go get her a sedative, if there’s any in the
house. ”

  “Th-there’s nembutal,” he whispered, from
behind me. “But she doesn’t react to it very
well. I’ve tried it before, but she always stays
awake.”

  “Get it anyway. A double dose. Put it in a
"44

KEN LEWIS

glass of milk, and leave it on top of the china
closet downstairs. But for God’s sake, stay
out of her sight! Wait in the kitchen. . . .

   I could hear him stumbling down the steps
 behind me. I was watching her. She had
 stopped moving when he disappeared from the
 room, and now her eyes were as black as be-
 fore. But the knife was still lifted.

   I remained perfecdy motionless. “Hello,
 Ellen,” I said softly, as though I was talking
 te a sleeping child. “I’m glad you found the
 knife. Now we can put it back in the drawer
 downstairs, before Tim comes home.”
 “Timm—?” The words were thick, slurred.
 “Timm—not home?”

   “Not yet,” I crooned. “We’ll have time
 to put the knife back where it belongs, before
 he gets here. Come on, we’ll do it together.”
 Her eyes swung dully to the knife, as though
 she had never seen it before. “All—all right,
 Stevie.”

   I stepped forward slowly and took her arm.
 The one with the knife. I let my fingers rest
 gently on her elbow; but all the way down-
 stairs I was ready to tighten that grip like a
 vise if the need arose.

   The drawer of the china closet was still
 ajar. She dropped the knife into it without a
 tremor, and then I picked up the drugged
 glass of milk Tim had left on the cabinet, and
 offered it to her.

   “Here's a nice glass of milk I poured you
 to help you sleep,” I said. “Drink it, and
 then we’ll go to bed.”

   She swallowed it like an obedient five-year-
 | old. Then she said, “I don’t want to go to
 ' bed yet, Stevie. I want to be with you.”

 I walked her over to an old-fashioned love
 seat in the corner. She didn’t seem to want to
 talk, so we just sat there. Pretty soon her
 arms slid arour>d my neck and she kissed me.
 I kissed back. JVhat else could I do?

   It did something to me. But before I had
 time to think about that, her lips had left my
 mouth and her eyes had closed, and she was
 sleeping gently with her head on my shoulder.
 Ten minutes later, when her breathing had
 deepened and her head had slipped a little, I
 picked her up and carried her back upstairs.
 She was sleeping like the enchanted princess
 when I tiptoed out of her room.

   Tim was still in the kitchen when I got back
 downstairs. He had a fifth of bourbon, and
 there were still four drinks left in it. I had
 three of them.

   “You say she doesn’t usually react to
 nembutal?” I asked.

   “That was a triple dose,” he told me grim-
 ly. “In a way, she reacts to a normal dose, too.
 But she doesn’t get sleepy—just high. So high
 that she even draws a blank the next morn-
 ing.”

   I nodded. “It has that effect on some people.

 Leaves them conscious and even lucid after a
 fashien. That’s why it’s sometimes used in
 childbirth now. But if it’s no good as a seda-
 tive for her, how come you keep it around?”
 He shrugged. “It works fine, on me."
 Again I nodded. “Something like this to-
 night has happened before, hasn’t it?”

   He eyed me glumly. “Frankly—yes. Though
 it’s never been quite this close before. But
 that’s why I always lock her door from the
 outside, before I turn in. Only that damned
 buzzer sounded before I got around to it to-
 night.”

   I poured myself another drink. “Well, you
 mustn't let it affect your feeling for her. She
 was walking in her sleep—acting out a night-
 mare. Probably didn’t recognize ydu at all in
 your true identity, when she started for you
 with that knife.”

   The liquor had brought back some of his
 color. He was even able to manage a wry
 grin. “I know. But you must admit it is
 damned disconcerting.”

CHAPTER THREE

Return of the Living Dead

T WENT to her room at nine the next morn-

 *	ing, with a hot pot of coffee and eggs and
 bacon in an antique chafing dish. She hadn’t
 stirred from the position in which I’d left her
 the night before. Her taffy hair was tousled
 on the pillow, and her face was very soft and
 young and vaguely disturbed in repose.

   I put up the blinds and returned to her bed.
 She opened her eyes to find me smiling down
 at her. She blinked bewilderedly, and then
 recognition swam into them, and she lifted one
 hand from the covers in a clinging gesture.
 Her lips moved.

   “Oh, Steve, I’m so glad you’re here."

   I grinned brightly. “Thought you might
 like breakfast in bed, for a change. How do
 you feel, this fine hot morning?”

   She twitched slightly and her eyes dark-
 ened.

   “Terrible—except about you being here. My
 head aches, and I feel all sick and scared in-
 side, like I’d had another of those horrible
 dreams.”

   “You dream a lot?”

   “Sometimes. But I can never remember a
 thing about them the next morning. Just that
 I always wake up so tired and frightened, aft-
 erwards. It’s maddening. ...”

*	* *

   We had been for a swim in the pool, and
 were lying on the knoll now, letting the sun
 dry us. Three days had passed since my first
 hectic night with the Beaumonts, and so far
THE POOL OF FEAR

45

I hadn’t been getting anywhere much. There
had been no more somnambulistic nightmares.

   “Ellen,” I said dreamily. “Tell me about
the night you were going to get married—”
Her face clouded, and I went on quickly:
“Never mind, if you don’t feel up to it. But
Tim said that you collapsed down here that
night. That was a pretty strong reaction, un-
der the circumstances. I wouldn’t have ex-
pected that to happen till you’d at least had
time to make sure that Jerry had really run
out on you—that he hadn’t merely been pre-
vented from meeting you by some accident or
sudden illness, that night.”

   Her head shook. “It’s not that I’d mind
telling you if I could, Steve. It’s just that I
can't remember—not a thing. Couldn’t even
remember, the next day. The doctors at the
san put it down as amnesia accompanying
emotional shock. But even they couldn’t pierce
that particular curtain.”

   I grunted. “I’d like to know this Jeremy
Richards,” I said. “I’d like to see what kind
of a bird could walk out on a swell dish like
you. You don’t happen to have a picture of
him, do you?”

   She smiled wanly. “I don’t need a picture
of him, with you around. You’re very like
him, Steve. You even have his tall dark hand-
someness, and football shoulders. You’re just
a little older, Steve, that’s all. But so am I.
You could take his place—completely.”

   It was very hard for me to remember the
proper relationship between doctor and patient
at moments like this.

T DON’T know exactly when it was that I
definitely decided on hypnosis. Sometime
the next day, I think. I knew the danger of
trying it this early in the treatment; that it
might fail completely, and make the final solu-
tion that much harder. But the old restless
compulsion was on me again, and I knew, too,
that the more time I spent with Ellen Beau-
mont, the harder it would be for me to say
goodbye when the time did come. Then, there
was always the danger that Tim might some-
how find out my true status here and kick me
out forthwith, thus ending the treatment right
now.

   I explained all this to her, leaving out my
personal feelings, of course, and she agreed.
She’d undergone it before, at the hospital,
without too much succe.ss.

   So I took her up to the gardener’s room in
the carriage loft, on one of those warm lazy
afternoons, and had her stretch out on the bed
in her sunsuit and get comfortable. Then I
pulled all the shades down tight, and carefully
punched a tiny hole in one, so that a "stiletto-
thin blade of sunlight pinpointed the low table-
top beside her head, where her eyes could rest
upon it naturally.

   After that, I assembled my razor and cov-
ered the spot with its flanged end, till a single
flickering bead of light danced there in the
three-quarter darkness. I told her to concen-
trate on that glow.

   She reacted beautifully. It was no trick at
all to put her under.

  You know what hypnosis is, of course:
merely an induced sleep in which the subject’s
subconscious remains in contact with the prac-
titioner.

   All it takes on the part of the patient is the
ability to relax completely, plus an implicit
faith and confidence in the doctor. What it
takes on the part of the doctor is something of
a profesrrpnal secret, dangerous in the hands of
the untra. ed, which we won’t go into here.

  When I judged that she had reached the
proper state, 1 began to question her slowly
and softly. It was a difficult, exhausting and
complex process, trying to dredge up those se-
crets which the tortured mind had striven so
frantically to force down into oblivion. But at
last I decided I’d achieved the maximum pos-
sible results. One of the things I took especial
note of was the complete description she was
able to give to me, of the way Jeremy Rich-
ards had been dressed on the night he dis-
appeared !

T)ONE, I broke contact, and decided to let
her sleep it off normally. I was about to
tiptoe out for a smoke, when the loft door was
flung violently inward, and Timothy Beau-
mont stood there on the threshold, taking in
the half-revealed scene. His thin face dark-
ened with fury, and his eyes became danger-
ous pinpoints of red-brown light.

   “This does it, Langley!” he said thickly.
“You’re through 1”

   I pushed him roughly out the door, closing
it behind me, and sidewheeled him down the
stairs.

   “Shut up!” I hissed. “You’ll wake her! If
you have to shout, at least wait till we get into
the house, to do it”

   “What were you doing to my sister?”

   I snapped, “I was hypnotizing her. It’s a
recognized therapeutic technique in cases like
this.”

   He was still trembling violently with rage.
"You might be able to fool me with that dou-
ble-talk, if I didn’t know the truth about you!
But I called Welsh the day after you got here!

I found out he knew you only by reputation—
and that wasn’t good. He told me how you’d
cracked up two years ago—gone on a two-
month bender and then dropped out of sight—
after botching a job on one of your patients,
and letting her kill your wife! . . .

   “I should have kicked you out right then.
But damn it, you seemed to know how to han-
dle Ellen, and under the circumstances I was
46

KEN LEWIS

glad to have someone else around the place for
awhile, even if it was only a drunken bum.
But this today is too much! Get out! If you’re
not off the place in ten minutes, I’ll call the
police! ”

  I didn’t say anything. What was there to
say? I just walked leadenly up the stairs,
while he waited fuming by the telephone in
the lower hall, and gathered up the handful of
pocket articles I’d left in my room. On the
way back down, I slipped into his room for
a minute and examined the shotgun he kept
beside the bed there. Its magazine contained
five shells. I pumped them out, removed the
paper wadding at their ends, and poured the
shot from each into my pocket. Then I refilled
the casings with strips torn from my pocket
handkerchief, tamping the cloth down tight
against the powder charges, and Replaced the
waddings at their ends. After that, I re-
inserted the shells in the magazine and left
the gun where it had been before.

  If death paid a visit here tonight—and I
had an uncanny feeling that it might—then I
meant to make sure that it didn’t effect its
entrance by means of that gun.

  Timothy Beaumont was still sitting by the
telephone when I came downstairs, his pale
face suffused, his sandy hair rumpled. Neither
of us spoke as I swung through the door and
down the drive to the gates out front.

*	* *

  Forthwith, I paid my first visit to the town
of Midvale. I still had fourteen dollars in my
pocket, residue of five days work in the harvest
fields the week before, and I found a little
second-hand clothing store on the wrong side
of the tracks, where I acquired a skimpy two-
piece suit, and a cheap Panama hat, sweat-
stained beyond redemption, but which would
probably still get by at a distance, by moon-
light. I was even able to pick up a small jar
of luminous greasepaint at a novelty shop in
the vicinity.

  After that, I spent the early ev«;ng at a
nearby pool room. But as soon as it oegan to
get reasonably dark, I headed back up the
tracks toward the Beaumont place.

  Darkness was almost complete when I
reached the steep narrow path winding up the
face of the bluff there. With the aid of a
mirror from my comb case, I dabbed some of
the luminous paint on my face and hands,
highlighting the hollows around my eyes and
mouth and making my fingers look longer
rtnd thinner than they were. Not too much—I
didn't want to give the effect of a Hallowe’en
masquerade.

  Then I climbed the path, using the same post
I’d used before to get over the fence without
touching it. On the far side, I moved through
the trees for a final reconnaissance before

giving the signal which would bring Tim
Beaurrftint down here on the run, as though
the devil himself were after him.

T UCK was with me. The setting that night
was perfect for my experiment. A thin
new moon rode the sky, tossing a single star
between her horns, and some change in the
atmosphere presaging storm had wreathed the
pool in wispy pockets of mist, which reached
out to finger the boles of the nearest trees. The
whole place was like some shadowy druid
glen, with the rise and fall of cicada songs for
chorus, and fireflies darting their yellow
torches through the miasma.

  I paused a moment, selecting a hiding place,
then returned to the fence and pummelled the
top wire hard with my hat. I didn’t want him
to think it was just some stray branch dipping
in the breeze this time.

  Thirty seconds of that, and I went back to
the pool. I crouched immobile at its edge, hid
my faintly glowing face and hands with my
coat sleeves, and waited.

  It wasn’t two minutes till I heard him com-
ing across the meadow, sliding and blowing
again. He came to a stop on my side of the
knoll and swung the shotgun in a frenzied arc,
hunting for something to shoot it at.

  I pushed my hands up out of the mist and
started toward him, as though I’d come from
the depths of the pool itself.

  He screamed, and fired his first shot. His
voice had a hoarse, animal timbre:

  “Go back! Go back, Jeremy!”

  I kept coming, not making a sound” with my
hands hung out like hooks before me.

  He began to back away into the trees, stum-
bling and firing as he went. When we were
less than ten yards apart, the hammer clicked
dead on the empty chamber, and a kind of
gagging came from his chest. He flung the
gun at my head and dived for the fence.

  He was up and over it like a monkey. And
then one of his ankles touched that hot wire
at the top, and he screamed and plunged head-
long into space.

  I doubt if he even heard the outbound
freight rolling through the railroad cut be-
low. I hadn’t counted on that, myself. But
the result was inevitable, anyway. He could
never have survived that thirty-foot drop to
the tracks, or the hangman’s noose that would
have awaited him later, if he had by some
miracle managed to pull through.

  As it was, he went rolling and tumbling
down the bluff like a sawdust doll, and disap-
peared beneath the wheels of the last gondola.
The train crew probably never even knew
about it.

  I stood there staring through the fence,
while the red lights of the caboose disap-
peared around the bend, and I could feel the
THE POOL OF FEAR

47

recurrent tremors shaking me. I’d meant for
him to confess—not to die.

  But after all, it amounted to the same thing
in the last analysis.

  At last, I retraced my steps.

AGAIN, I sat by Ellen’s bed while she
awakened. And again the frightened be-
wilderment in her eyes gave way
“Steve, oh, Steve! I’m so glad you're back.
Does Tim know ”

  I let mv fingers close about her hand. “Lie
back and try to relax,” I said gently. “There’s
something I have to tell you, Ellen. You may1
not understand, at first. But when you do, I
think it’ll clear up a lot of other things, too.
Among them, this illness.”

  I told her about Tim’s death, then. “Don’t
you see, Baby? Actually, it was suicide.
That’s what we’ll have to tell the police. He
was really killed by his own conscience. If
he hadn’t murdered Jeremy and hidden his
body in the pool, he wouldn’t have had such a
hobia about the place. He wouldn’t have for-
idden vou to go there, or built that fence to
keep others out. And he wouldn’t have fallen
for that phony apparition which rose from
the mists to confront him there last night.
Subconsciously, from the moment of the mur-
der, he lived in mortal terror that some day
the dead would rise to haunt him.”

  “But how—how could you know?”

  "It was mostly a shot in the dark,” I admit-
ted. “But it hit the target. But I learned
enough from you under hypnosis, to fill in the
blanks. It was your description of the way
Jeremy was dressed that night, that cued my
own disguise. . . . From the moment you told
him in a burst of sisterly confidence that you
planned to marry Jeremy, he must have begun
to plot Jeremy’s death. Your father had left
this place and the family interest in the mill
in your name; and if you married, your hus-
band would take over both.

  “He told you later that the mill was losing
money; that that’s why he had to take you out
of the sanatorium. But if you hadn’t been iso-
lated from the world so long, you’d have
known that 110 mill has lost money during the
past five years. He told you that he couldn't,
get servants to come here, because of you.
Actually, he wanted no servants: he had to
keep you isolated. The same applies to that
homecoming party he said he planned for you.”
“Actually, no invitations were sent. He
knew you were too proud to try to get in touch
with your former friends.”

  Her eyes were Wide and dark with shock.
“But how—how could he kill Jeremy?”^.

  “If you mean the mechanics of it, that was
simple. He talked you into holding the wed-
ding here, and proposed that gag with the

shotgun. But when Jeremy met you at the
top of the path, Tim didn’t merely emerge
from hiding and use the gun to marshal you
both to the house. Instead, he used it to strike
Jerry over the head, killing him. And later,
with you in bed under sedatives and the
guests gone home, he went back and weighted
the body with rocks and dumped it into the al-
most bottomless quarry hole.

  “And I—I’ve known all this, all along?”
I nodded. “A little part of you knew it. But
only a very small part, buried deep in the
hidden substrata of your mind. And it was the
conflict between this subconscious knowledge,
and the secret hate it made you feel for Tin-,
set against your conscious image of him as a
loyal and devoted brother who deserved your
warmest affection, that has caused all your
trouble. ... You see, darling, you’re really
made of very tough emotional fibre. Other-
wise, that conflict would have torn you to
pieces long ago. As it was, it found expression
only in your dream activity.

  Her head moved rebelliously on the pillow.
“But I couldn’t forget a thing like Jeremy’s
murder! Nothing could ever make me!”
“Yes,” I said. “There is one thing. It lies
in your reaction to a certain drug. There are
some persons whom this drug, normally a sed-
ative, does not put to sleep at once. Instead,
they apparently remain conscious, even lucid to
a degree. But the drug aflects their memory
centers so that later, after it has worn off,
they can’t consciously remember a thing that
happened while it was in effect. . . . Tim had
noticed your reaction to it, earlier. Probably
it was given you as a sedative when your fa-
ther died. So he gave you a dose, in a drink
or something, before you left the house to-
gether that night. Later, your temporary am-
nesia could be explained as the result of the
traumatic shock brought about by your dis-
appointment at Jeremy’s failure to appear.”
Her eyes were alive now, bright with re-
lief. She had pulled through unbroken.
“Steve,” she said softly. “Kiss me, Steve.”
I could feel the blood pounding through my
temples, but I shook my head.

  I said shortly. “I’m still your doctor.”
“And what’s to become of me, Doctor?”
“If you’re smart, you’ll take a nice long
trip and forget all this.”

  “And you?”

  I looked away. “Oh, I—I suppose I’ll go
somewhere and try to re-establish a practice.
You see, all this—well, damn it, it’s sort of
given me a reason to go on living now, too.”
She took my hand between hers, and her
eyes were shining. ‘‘I’ll do it, Steve!” she
said. “I’ll do just what you said—on one con-
dition : that you make that trip you prescribed
a honeymoon.”

THE END
THE WORM IN THE ROOT

     Suddenly a blast of flame
     blinded him.

SANDY GRAHAM adeptly whipped up
his breakfast of four scrambled eggs and
toast, then hollered, “Uncle Deak,” a
couple times hopefully, though it was no use.
Uncle Deak hadn’t been home since Pa and
Sandy returned from their trip, a week ago.

  Sandy frowned. He was worried, yet he
shouldn’t be really. According to pa, Uncle
Deak went off one time twenty years ago for
a day and stayed ten years. Sandy guessed
that was back ".hen his uncle was fat and
husky.

  Pa had already gone to the filling station.
Sandy looked for the time but the old clock
had stopped and Pa’s watch, which he most
always left at home, was lost somewhere.

  “Creeps,” he growled. Uncle Deak not
being back meant he’d have to dig the worms
another day. He almost wished the fishermen
around Lakewood would lay down their poles
for good.

  Garbed in his checked shirt, blue jeans
and Stetson hat that pa gave him on his
seventeenth birthday, he meandered down to
the tool shed. He removed the orders from
the hook, got a lifting fork and an armful of
paper cartons like those that chili comes in,
and went to number six bed on the far end.
48

The worms there, unmolested for a time,
should be fattest and besides, the earth was
hoved up, loose, as if the bed had recently
been worked over.

  Sandy looked off through the trees toward
the lake. He could see the top of the mast
on Mr. Townsend’s yacht and hear the cries
of the bathers. Sandy guessed it was nice to
have plenty of money.

  He started digging, one forkful at a time
and then removing the fat, wriggling worms
from the pungent earth and placing them
carejjjrUy in the cartons. Consulting his or-
ders- which people called in to Pa at the fill-
ing station, he counted the appropriate num-
ber into each carton before dropping moss
inside for the wriggling creatures to feed on.

  “Creeps,” he cried—the deeper he went
the fatter the worms became. He remained in
that one spot till his fork hit something solid.
At first he thought he’d hit the copper wire
which served as a bottom for the bed and
kept the worms from escaping, but then he
leaned down, and it wasn’t the bottom at all.

  “Golly!" He rammed the fork down again,
pried up. And then he went cold all over.

  The object under his fork was a man’s bare
leg. Sandy turned white. He caught his
By KEN KESSLER

breath before resolutely digging the earth
away from the recumbent form.

  "Uncle Deak!” he cried. Already decom-
position had blurred the thin features, but
the shaggy grey head, the narrow eyes, the
lobeless ears were familiar. There was a
hole the size of a dime in his temple.

  Sandy dropped the fork and Jin for Black
John Morton’s house, a quarter mile up the
road, where there was a phone. Black John
was sitting in the yard. “I found Uncle
Deak’s body in the worm bed!” he shouted.
Black John stiffened, rising at once. Sandy
dashed on into the house.

  Deesie Morton was washing dishes. She
had on a print dress and her yellow hair,
which just missed matching Sandy’s, was
done in a knot that didn’t seem too sure of
itself. “Lernrne use tHfe phone 1 ” Sandy cried.
Deesie almost dropped a dish.

  “Why, Sandy! What’s the—?”

  But Sandy was cranking the phone. He
asked the party line operator for the sheriff
first, and then called pa. Pa hollered, “My
God!” and the receiver crashed down.

  “Who—killed him, Sandy?” Deesie burst
out.

  “I don’t know.” And then he remembered
how Uncle Deak looked. “And you stay
here. It’s no place for kids, anyway girls.”

  “Stop calling me a child,” Deesie snapped.
“I’m sixteen. Some girls marry no older’n
I am.”

  Sandy didn’t feel up to arguing with women,
so he let her follow him. Black John was
already on the scene. Black John was Deesie’s
pa, and as peculiar a man as Sandy ever
saw. He was forever glum, and mean looking.
He and Deesie had lived alone since her ma
died. Black John was retired. He used to
be in the real estate and insurance business
in Lakewood.

  Then the sheriff arrived, and by the magic
wrought by the party line operator an assem-
blage of Lakewood citizenry got there almost
as fast as Pa, who puffed up in the old jalopy.

  Cox Bann, the sheriff, nodded to Black
John and gazed a long time at the body.
“Guess that’s what you’d call a man’s sins
catching up with him.” Cox was round,
stubby, and grey bearded but his eyes were
wise and cool.

  Pa bristled. “Deak wasn’t no model. But

he was my brother.” He gazed levelly at
Cox. “The law’d ought to learn to hold its
tongue.”

TTHAT’S how pa was, Sandy thought—loyal
-*■ and good. Pa was the finest man he knew
anywhere. And he was touchy about Deak.
He had a love for him that Sandy never un-
derstood. He’d admit that Deak was wild,
even at fifty, and he once said to Sandy that
his uncle would end up bad yet.

  “When’d you last see him?” asked Bann,
looking around at the two deputies and the
somber little coroner wlu-had just arrived.

  “Well, er—two weeks ago,” said pa. The
sight of his brother’s body upset him, Sandy
guessed. “Me and Sandy went upstate for
a week, visitin’. When we come back Deak
was gone.”

  By now twenty or thirty people had assem-
bled, among them Claude Gray, a Lakewood
attorney that Uncle Deak went to see once
or twice. Sandy never knew what business
his uncle had with Gray.

Gray addressing nobody in particular said,
“It might be of interest to note that Deak
Graham left Harve quite a sum of money.”
Pa’s eyes popped. “Deak . . . left me . . .
money?”

  “Approximately twenty thousand dollars,”
Gray said, folding his hands so that his mani-
cure showed. “I was his lawyer.”

  “Twenty thousand—!” Pa made a funny
sound with his lips. “You must be off your
nut. Deak never had twenty dollars.”

  “What about his profits from the worm
business?” Black John put in hoarsely.

  “He had more worms than business,” pa
snapped. This questioning was making him
mad. “Deak come and went, I admit. Last
time he rolled in broke, ’bout a year ago.
He got the idea of selling fishing worms.
Not ordinary worms, but 'lumbrious terrestris
specie,’ he called ’em. Fat worms anyway.
So he drawed up blue prints for the beds and
I let him use the land.” After that long
speech Pa shut up tight.

  Bann stepped across the concrete border
around bed number five. “Come off it, Harve.
Tellin’ us you don’t know nothing about Deak
having that much money.”

  “I didn’t,” pa snapped, reddening under
the stare of the crowd.

Young Sandy never knew, when he dug for fishing
worms and turned Ufa instead, Uncle Deak’s murdered
body, that one good corpse deserves another!

49
50

KEN KESSLER

  Some of the rich folks from the lake club
strode up, gawking like anybody. Among
them was H. Phillip Townsend, owner of
the yacht Marilynn which was named after
his daughter. He wore white pants, blue
coat, yachting cap. He nodded to the sheriff
and pa, and looked very surprised when he
saw the body.

  “I wondered what had happened to him,”
Mr. Townsend said. “He’s been selling me
bait and I need some now.”

  The sheriff then asked both Mr. Townsend
and Black John of they’d seen anything pecu-
liar going on around the Graham’s property
lately. They both said no. “It looks to me,”
Bann said, “as if Deak was shot at night,
buried under cover of darkness here in the
worm bed—the idea being the worms would
consume the body. By using this bed on the
far end, the killer figured the body wouldn’t
be disturbed.”

  He drew a breath. “That has a meanin’.
The killer knew this bed wasn’t used much.”
Bann looked at Sandy. “Son, I. see you in
town sometimes at night. Ain’t it possible
things could happen here that you wouldn’t
know about? Say, like when you’re in a
movie?”

  Sandy felt sick, trapped. He felt himself
turn white. Then he looked at pa. “Yes-sir.
But if you saying that pa might have done
it—”

  “I ain’t—yet,” Bann cut him off. Then,
as if he was thinking to himself, he said,
“Deak might’ve got the money on one of
his trips. He was mysterious. But where
he got it don’t matter right now. The main
thing is finding the gun.”

  The deputies scattered out, looking in the
weeds in the back lot, and Mr. Townsend
kicked around in the loose dirt, turning up
fat worms. The coroner and another man
loaded Uncle Deak into a basket and took
him off. Some of the crowd started drifting
away. Deesie whispered “I’m sorry, Sandy.
But you know they can’t do anything with
your pa.”

  And just then Mr. Townsend exclaimed,
“Look here!”

  Everybody regarded the end of Mr. Town-
send's toe. An object glinted against the
brown earth.

  “My watch!” pa exploded. “It’s been
missing for two weeks! ”

  Bann picked it up by the chain. Sandy
didn’t move. Nobody did. It was like elec-
tricity in the air. Then Bann said, “Not
much arguing against this, Harve.”

  Pa shrugged as if what had happened had
been building up right along. Before he left
he came over to Sandy. “Keep things going
at the house. Don’t open up the station. And
Sandy—” he put his big hand on Sandy’s

  shoulder— “don’t go nosin’ into this. It’3
murderT Leave the nosin’ to the sherif.”
Sandy watched them drive off in the sher-
iff’s car. Cox Bann looked pleased, and pa
waved to Sandy from down the road. Sandy
would’ve cried then except Deesie came over
and put her hand in his.

  “I want to help you, Sandy.”

  “Like doing what?”

  “Like cooking for you, maybe.”

  ■Sandy squeezed her hand. He’d never
squeezed a girl’s hand before, not just like
that anyway. “No, Deesie.” He strolled into
the house, Deesie following. “You better go
now. I got thinking to do.”

  But Deesie didn’t go. She accompanied him
into Uncle Deak’s room. On the wall was a
blue print of the worm beds, showing the loca-
tion and size of each bed. “I helped him draw
the map,” Deesie said, because I took drawing
in school, but I never saw that on there.”
“What? On where?”

  “That X. See that X on number four bed.”
Sandy looked, but he paid slight attention.
Uncle Deak was always doing mysterious
things, none of which ever meant much.

  “You’re still imagining pirates and buried
treasure,” he said. “Like when we used to
play down at the lake.”

  “You liked me better then, didn’t you,
Sandy?”

  Sandy didn’t answer. A big voice outside
the window shouted, “Deesie, come out of
there. You got no business in that house.”
It was Black John.

  Deesie said, “Yes, Dad,” and whispered to
Sandy, “Don’t mind dad none. He don’t like
anybody.” She tiptoed out, so as not to intrude
on Sandy’s thinking.

OANDY crossed through the living room,
^ neat and tidy, as pa kept it since Sandy’s
mother died, and then he went outside. He
decided not to bother with filling any worm
orders today, he didn’t feel up to it. Instead
he went on down into the woods. He could
think straighter there. He found an old limb
that was down and straddled it. Off by the
lake he heard music and a girl’s laughter.

  Nothing made sense, or added up. Where
had Uncle .r ak got twenty thousand dollars?
But, since he had it, why didn’t pa know?
Or did he? Sandy felt disloyal over that
question. And if pa lost his watch in the
worm bed, wouldn’t he remember about where
he’d been and look for it there?

  At first he hated Cox Bann for arresting
pa but he repented that now. He had to look
at it as the sheriff did. There was all the
evidence, the motive and all. And to Bann, pa
was just another man, really. Sandy didn't
know much about murderers except what he’d
read. It gave him chills thinking that some-
THE WORM IN THE ROOT

51

 body—somebody he knew probably—had
killed Uncle Deak.

  Noon came and Sandy fixed himself some
corn flakes but he didn’t feel like eating much.
The afternoon was wearing away when he
started up the flivver and drove into Lake-
wood. First he got pa some cigars and then
cut around to the filling station that pa’d run
for ten years to see that it was leaked up tight
Afterwards he went to the jail.

  Cox Bann was in the front. Sandy con-
fronted him, eyes bright. “I’ve been thinking,”
he said, “the coroner didn’t say how long
Uncle Deak’d been dead. Figure that out and
you'll find pa was visiting.”

  Cox Bann chuckled. “It wasn't mentioned
because he can’t tell about a decomposing
body. Might’ve been six days, maybe eight.”
Sandy slumped. He trudged on back to pa’s
cell. Pa was sitting on the edge of the bare
cot, his chin down, his face sort of gray. He
made himself smile when Sandy handed over
the cigars.

  Sandy said, “I’ve been going through Uncle
Deak’s room—”

  Pa got purple in the face. “I ain’t whipped
you in ten years but God Almighty, son. I’ll
skin you if you tangle up in this.” He ob-
served the shadows on Sandy's face. “Set,”
he said softly, pointing to the cot.

  “I don’t want you hurt, son,” he began.
“Just between us, Uncle Deak was mixed up
with bad company. I’m purty sure. And
they're killers, Sandy. They killed once, would
agin. See?”

  “But you’re locked up,” Sandy protested.
“And Cox Bann will build a tight case.”

  “No matter! You stay out of it” He
paused. “I reckon why Deak come back last
time was because somethin’ was getting too
hot for him, or he was running away from
somebody.”

  Sandy leaned over. “He was my uncle.
You’re my pa. You keep forgetting I’m grown
now. I got a right to know such things.”

  This jolted pa, as if he hadn’t thought about
it before. At length his eyes softened. “Mebbe
you’re right, son.” He took a breath. “Well,
when Deak come back I was in his room one
day. I run onto a copy of a police record
hidden in his grip. Some man named Harry
Tolbert was wanted for killing a wealthy oil-
man near San Francisco. He got away, ac-
cording to the record, and after the wife col-
lected her share of the estate she disappeared
too. The police are looking for both parties.”
Pa gazed off. “You know who I think
Harry Tolbert was?”

  Sandy shook his head. He’d never seen pa
so solemn.

  “Uncle Deak, or one of his cronies, under
a changed name. Especially since this money
turns up.”

  “He might have . . . killed the man, then

the woman?”

  “I don’t know what to think.” He got up.
“Son, I want you to promise me you’ll not—”
At that moment Claude Gray, treading so
lightly that neither heard him coming, ap-
peared in front of the cell.

   “I brought a copy of the will, thought you’d
like to see it,” Gray said. Sandy slipped out
before pa could make him promise anything.

  Darkness had settled down when Sandy got
home. He saw a light on in Deesie’s room.
The rest of the Morton house was dark. Sandy
wondered where Black John was. Deesie
wouldn’t be afraid alone however. When she
and Sandy used to play pirates, Deesie’d make
a canoe landii?—only it was a frigate to them
—and come clear through the woods at night.

   A big affair was going on at the lake. Sandy
saw a log burning and heard music. He kept
thinking of pa—maybe in the electric chair,
and to banish the thought he strolled down to
the water. The rich folks were dancing on the
pier, sleek gowned women and men in dinner
clothes.

  H. Phillip Townsend was on the rim of the
group, leaning against a tree. He was wearing
a white coat, dark pants, and white gloves.
Sandy tried to imagine what pa or Black John
would look like wearing fancy gloves.

  Townsend jumped when Sandy went over.
“You startled me,” he said. “I’m sorry about
your uncle, and the unfortunate circumstances
that brought on your father’s arrest.”

  “It wasn’t your fault, really,” Sandy said,
digging his toe in the soft earth.

  “Murder is serious. If your father isn’t
guilty, he'll be exonerated at a fair trial. And
if he did—”

  “Don’t say that,” Sandy burst out. “No
matter what happens, pa didn’t do it.”

   The music ended and the dancers strolled off
the pier. Townsend’s eyes followed them. “I’ll
miss your unce. Bought bait from him, you
know. Talked a lot about his worms being tne
best in the country.” He chuckled. “Which
I doubted. His worms were like himself, fat
and lazy.”

A SLIM girl about Sandy’s age, in a dress
cut lower than Sandy had ever seen be-
fore, joined them. “My daughter, Marilynn,”
Mr. Townsend said, and with a wink at Sandy,
drifted away.

  “I’ve heard about you,” Marilynn said. Her
dark hair was upswept and her lips deeply
crimson. “You're the worms man’s nephew.”
Uncomfortably, Sandy said, “Yes'm.”
“Well, I hate your old worms. I hate it
here.” The firelight cast shadows on her
cheeks.

  “Your ma and pa like it,” Sandy reminded
her.
52

KEN KESSLER

  “Mothex- doesn’t. She came because Phil
thinks there’s no place else to fish. As if there
isn’t the whole Atlantic coast—” her eyes
misted—“places with swanky club houses, and
Naval officers. ...”

  “I think you’re spoiled,” Sandy said simply.

  She stepped closer to him. Her lips parted
in a way Deesie’s never did. “I’m sorry you
feel that way. I could like you.”

  Sandy flushed. “I—I got to go,” he stam-
mered. “G-good night.” He was twenty feet
away when he heard her giggle.

  But Sandy was very thoughtful as he
strolled back to the house. It startled him
when he saw a shadow ahead. He slipped be-
hind some tall brambles, waiting breathlessly.
Finally the shadow moved on, and he recog-
nized Black John. He watched as the old man
threaded toward his house.

  When finally he flung himself across the bed,
fully dressed except for his shoes, it was late.
But he couldn’t sleep. All the factors were
present, he realized vaguely, but he couldn’t
put them together somehow. And then he got
to thinking about pa in jail, alone. Then a
vision of Uncle Deak’s body returned and
Sandy shivered.

  It scared him when he heard a scraping
sound in the vicinity of Unlle Deak’s room.
He jerked upright. The sound came again,
eerily. He’d never thought much about ghosts,
but now he wasn’t so sure. Covered with net-
tles, he eased off the bed and bare-footed, pad-
ded through the living room toward the sound.

  He was almost there when he bumped a
stool. He leaped back, the unexpected fright-
ening him. It took a lot of nerve but he went
on and flung the door open, snapping on the
lights.

  The room was silent but one window was
up, mute evidence that somebody, not a ghost,
had been there. The curtains stirred weirdly
from the outside breeze.

  Sandy brushed a hand through his yellow
hair, fighting down an impulse to clear out.
Then his eye rested on the blue print on the
wall, on the X on number four bed that Deesie
had pointed out. Now that things were tak-
ing shape in his mind, the X came to mean
something. Just what, Sandy wasn’t sure, but
he was having an idea.

  Bolstering his nerve, he went for a flash
light and then slipped out into the night. He
didn’t turn on the light however. He crawled
against the ground to the tool shed, where he
groped for a spade. Still crawling, dragging
the implement, he worked his way to number
four bed.

  It was a moonless night but the sky was
clear. The mounded earth where Uncle Deak’s
body had been excavated was ominously near
him. Sandy lay on his belly and dug. He
could only guess at the exact location of the

X on the map, but it looked about two feet out
frotfi the northeast corner. The spade crunched
against the damp earth. Worms crawled
against Sandy’s bare feet—cold, slimey crea-
tures. He had the feeling that somebody was
watching him. His spine tingled.

  He dug down about eighteen inches before
the spade touched metal. The screech of it
chilled him. Exploring with his fingers, he
touched the top of a box. -He used his fingers
as a fork and dug the earth away. The box
was metal, the kind a mechanic uses for carry-
ing tools. He lifted it out. The lid was sealed
with wax to keep out moisture.

  Deserting the spade, Sandy crawled back to
the tool shed with the box in tow. The feel-
ing that unseen eyes were following him per-
sisted. He gained the shed, squatted in front
of the door and, reaching a screwdriver off
the rack inside, pried away the wax. The lid
open, he removed an oilskin cloth which was
wrapped around a heavy object. Beneath the
oilskin was a chamois. Sandy’s eyes popped.

  Uncovered, the object was a gleaming .38
revolver! Sandy rewrapped it carefully and
returned it to the box.

  Instantly a hign, tortured scream penetrated
the stillness. Deesie’s voice! Sandy flung
himself down. A blast of flame blinded him.
Sandy lay there, listening, not breathing.
Thudding footfalls retreated across the yard.
That would be Deesie, but where was his as-
sailant ?

  Sandy’s heart pounded. Indian-style, he
crawled on his belly around the shack. Sud-
denly he could see the shadow of a figure,
stealthily advancing toward the shed. It struck
Sandy that the mail figured he’d hit him.
Sandy wished he dared use the .38, but that
was out. The gun meant something that han-
dling might obliterate. He edged farther, drag-
ging in the dirt.

. The shadow came nearer but still Sandy
couldn’t see who it was, although he was
pretty sure he knew. Moreover, he knew why
it was who it was—all useless information, if
he didn’t live to use it to free pa. And the
man was desperate or else he’d have run when
Deesie screamed.

  “I reckon he knows Deesie wasn’t close
enough to see him good,” Sandy thought
grimly. Whivh meant the killer was free to
finish the job/'T andy figured now he’d have
done better to hang onto the revolver, evi-
dence or not.

TTHE figure neared the shed doo.\ Sandy
considered rising, running, but even in the
darkness it was a big gamble if the man gave
pursuit. So he waited, a plan forming in his
mind. When the figure stooped over the metal .
box, Sandy leaped up. He charged the shed
door.
THE WORM IN THE ROOT

53

  The man heard him, straightened abruptly.
“Why, you little—”

  Driving hard, Sandy hi* >he door before the
man could fire. Anger mplaced fear. He
heard a groan. The figure hurtled into the
shed. Sandy slammed the door, swiftly insert-
ing the lock in the hasp. There was wild
cursing within.

  “Frame pa, will ya?” Sandy cried triumph-
antly. Just then a shot ripped through the
door. Sandy spun, falling backwards. A tin-
gling besieged his shoulder. He touched his
flesh. Blood on his hand, warm, sticky. He
was fighting back nausea when another shot
from within the shed blasted loose the hasp.
The door was swinging outward as Sandy,
losing his fight, swam away on the wide,
soaring wings of the metal box, just outside
the door. . . .

  Sheriff Bann, Deesie, Black John and H.
Phillip Townsend were in the room. It was
Sandy’s bedroom and he was on the bed. Dr.
Ormsby, from Lakewood, was inserting a
needle in Sandy’s arm.

  Sandy looked up at the sheriff. “I—I was
just going to call you—” he blinked, choking
—“No, he was escaping out the door!”
“Deesie called me,” said the sheriff. “And
he didn’t escape. Black John had a change of
heart He finally did somebody a good turn.”
“Black John did?”

  “It was Deesie’s doin’s,” said Black John
grudgingly.

  Deesie touched the bed. “He’d been out
walking down by the lake. I couldn’t sleep
and I started over this way when I saw you
and the man drawing the gun. I ran for dad,
and he stopped him.” She viewed her father
with pride. “Now he’s going to stop being so
grouchy and selfish. He promised me just
now.”

  Black John surveyed his daughter and al-
most smiled.

. “Townsend’s ’cuffed, Sandy,” said Bann.
“You done a nice piece of work and we’re
proud of you.”

  Sandy raised up. Townsend was scowling,
his smooth face a mask. “He’s not Town-
send,” said Sandy knowingly. “He’s Harry
Tolbert.”

  “Harry Tolbert?”

  Sandy told him about the police record pa
read. “Pa won’t like me telling about Uncle
Deak but, creeps, I think he was blackmail-
ing Towns—Tolbert That’s where he got the
twenty thousand. Uncle Deak had the murder
gun, all wrapped up so the fingerprints
wouldn't rub off.” He related the episode of
finding the gun. “And I’ll bet a bullet from
it will match the one that killed the rich oil
man. I don’t know how Uncle Deak got it,

but Mr. Townsend’ll tell you. . . . ask him.”

  But Mr. Townsend wasn’t talking. “We’ll
get it later,” Bann said confidentially. “You
figure he came here, pretending to fish, in
order to kill Deak. I guess his wife is the San
Francisco woman.”

  “And Marilynn is her daughter, but not
Townsend’s. She called him Phil, not ‘pa’ or
‘dad’.”

  “I see,” Bann smiled. “Funny, come to
think of it, how he uncovered your pa’s watch
when none of the rest of us saw it.”

  “That’s what started me thinking. A win-
dow was loose in Uncle Deak’s room. While
we were all away he climbed in, stole the
watch, planning to use it to frame pa. When
pa and I went visiting he killed Uncle Deak,
thinking he would locate the gun later. But
he couldn’t find it. He was desperate all
rightj tonight, when he thought I was asleep,
he came back to search some more.” He felt
weak again.

  “I connected them up when Mr. Townsend
called Uncle Deak ‘fat and lazy’ at the land-
ing tonight. Uncle used to be fat when I
was a kid, but he got thin. Tonwsend had
past and present mixed up. Another thing,
he was wearing gloves. I reckon his hands
were blistered from digging Uncle Deak’s
grave.”

  Townsend seized that moment to plunge to-
ward the window. Black John, moving faster
than Sandy had ever seen him, knocked the
handcuffed man down. The sheriff grabbed
him.

  Dr. Ormsby said, “Rest now, Sandy. You’re
overdoing it.”

  Sandy did feel dopey. He asked for pa.
“I’ve sent a deputy for him,” Bann said. A
moment later they drove up.

  Pa came in, big and powerful looking, his
head high. Then he was holding Sandy in
his arms, like when he was a kid and a storm
scared him. “Your uncle was a strange man,
staying on here when he was rich. In his
queer way, maybe he thought he was helping
us, making that will and all. The money being
unclean didn’t bother him none. Guess though
he’d have gone off some day again like he did
before.”

  “The money is yours now. Pa,” Sandy said
wonderingly.

  “The law’ll probably take it. Anyway, it’s
not for us.” He pondered. “I been thinkin’,
mebbe blood’s thicker than water, but wrong’s
wrong.”

  The room blurred. Sandy was sinking away
when he felt a drop of moisture on his face.
It was out of pa’s eyes. “My—son—” That’s
all he could say right then. Sandy fell asleep
with pa holding him and Deesie’s face swim-
ming over the bed.
THE WHITE. SQUARE

By EVERETT M. WEBBER

IT WAS a raw, cloudy day—coming dark,
and Dirk expected to find his uncle cook-
ing supper, or eating it. But the little
windows of the house showed no light as he
stopped the buckboard. Then Dirk saw his
Uncle Mac down below the corral working on
the earthen dam of his pond. He had evidently
heard the buckboard for he straightened slow-
ly, one hand at the small of his back, the other
still holding the shovel.

  Dirk’s heart beat a little fast with a mixture
of apprehension, excitement and something a
little like fear. There was also a tinge of
shame mingled with his feeling at being here
begging again. But none of that must show.

  He waved at the old man, clambered down
and swiftly unhooked the horse. Easing the
collar a bit and roughing the wet hair under
it, he tied the animal to the porch post And
then, seeing that his uncle wasn’t coming up
to greet him, he walked down toward the pond,
careful to close the gates behind him. Bluffly,
above the croaking of frogs and the blatting
of sheep, he exclaimed, “Hello, there, Uncle
Mac! You look younger every time I see
you! ”

  And, as he clambered the grassed-over dam
and shook hands with the old man, he saw
that his uncle knew he was here again for
money.

  Sweating, old Mac said, “Well, I don’t feel
any younger, lad. . . . Guess I’ve done about
enough here. Just fixing the dam a little
against the rain. We’ll go to the house. Throw
your horse in the corral and feed ’im an’ we’ll
eat supper. You’re in money trouble again?”

  The words graveled Dirk, but they gave him
a sort of relief, too, at having the reason for
his trip brought up. “Well, not exactly trou-
ble,” he said, “but I am needing another
loan. ”

  Old Mac grunted dourly, squinting at the
heavens as the wind became suddenly dank.
And then, before they reached the house, a
fine drizzle set in.

  “You’ll bear in mind,” he stated as Dirk
presently untied the horse to lead him to the
corral, “you haven’t paid the other four loans.
And like I’ve told you over and over, I can’t
let you have any more till I’m paid. But
you’re welcome to stay the night, or longer.”
+ * *

  It was only gradually, after supper, that
Dirk brought the matter up again. It was
sprinkling rather steadily, now, and as old
54

Mac opened the door to let the extra heat from
the fire go outside, the buckboard glistened
,in the lamp light, and the bare earth of the
yard shined wetly. A night hawk zipped past
the door and away.

  “The fact is,” Dirk said as casually as he
could, “I’ve had tough luck at cards, and I
promised to pay up in a hurry. Five hundred
would hold them off.”

  Old Mac turned from the doorway and
stared at Dirk who still sat at the table, and
Dirk saw that his little eyes were troubled
as he shook his grizzling head.

  Dirk swallowed the black anger that rose
within him, and then the.entire story was tum-
bling from his lips and he couldn’t hold it
back: How he had had to beg like a dog to get
a few days’ grace to drive the sixty miles over
here, across wild prairie, to try to raise a little
cash. How, if he didn’t get it, he wouldn’t
dare go back for fear of his very life, and how
the men he owed would hog up his land, the
well he had dug, and the few cows he still
had left.

  But still his uncle shook his head. “I can’t
do it, Dirk. I’m an old man. I can’t work
forever.”

  “You could live with me. You could sell
out and get away from this God-forsaken
place. ”

  “And come to a place where someone else
is owner, a place you’ll gamble away any day ?
And this isn’t so God-forsaken. It’s only four
miles from town. I’ve got friends. It’s not
that I want to hurt your feelings, nor—”

  “But like you say,” Dirk reasoned des-
perately, “all you’ve got will be mine some
da*.”

  “I couldn’t live in another man’s house, and
that’s what’ll happen if I keep giving—”

  With a sudden angry oath, Dirk came out
of his chair, jerking at the revolver in the
waistband under his coat. The old man stood
paralyzed a second, there by the door, and in
that second Dirk was upon him, firing almost
in his face. Old Mac tottered to a chair, col-
lapsed across the back of it, and then sprawled
to the floor with it half upon him. He didn’t
move after that, but a few dops of blood
trickled down onto th ^vide, clean boards.

  Dirk stood there, stLring down at him, his
heart thundering furiously. And ihen, half
aloud, he panted, “The pennypinching old
varmint—it serves him right.”

  He put the gun back into his waistband and
Frugal Uncle Mac’s idea was never to send good money after
bad, and so be swore he’d rather be dead before he lent
Dirk another cent. . . . Which was exactly Dirk’s idea, tool

stood listening, lest there might have been
someone who heard, or saw, the shooting.
When there seemed to be no one, he quickly
:losed the door. The shades were already
Irawn. At the fireplace, he worked out the
-ight hand corner stone of the hearth and
hrust his hand into the hole.

A SHORT, sharp cry burst from his lips. It
^ was empty. Frantically he leaned low to
>eer into it, and then he brought up a slip of
laper. The red printing at the top said, “Bank
if Boiling Springs.” And under that: “De-
■osit Receipt.” Dirk stared with blurring eyes
.t the firm, pale writing under that: “Silver,
670. Currency, $15,665. Gold, $1,445.” It
dded up to $17,780.

  Dirk licked his dry lips. The slip was dated
. scant two weeks before. He put it back into
he hole and replaced the stone and rose.

 “The dirty old varmint 1” he growled. His
eart was slowing now, and he forced him-

self to steadiness as he rose. “Banking it—
now I can’t touch a dime.” The anger some-
how restored him.

  But it was his. He was old Mac’s only kin.
It was all his. And this little ranch, which he
could sell for good cash. He wouldn’t go back
home. Let them take his few cattle and his
shack. Why, with cash like this, what couldn't
he do! He would go to some city—maybe
Denver or San Francisco. Liquor—Women
m fine clothes—new cars—good horses. . . ,
Set himself up in a nice saloon in a good part
of town. Buy railroad stock and run his
money up . . .

  His enthusiasm suddenly cooled. First, he
must get the money. And he must avoid get-
ting himself into trouble for what he had done.
Maybe it would be best to get on back home
and wait to be advised that old Mac had tossed
in his chips. On the other hand, it was known
there that he had come here—and, besides,
that infernal buckboard would leave tracks

55
56

EVERETT M. WEBBER

clear across the country the way it was
sprinkling.

   Dirk began sweating as he stood in the
 middle of the floor, racking his brains for a
 notion of what to do. First off, he guessed he
 should get rid of the gun. And after that,
 drive to town and report that he had come to
 see his Uncle Mac, and found him murdered.
 Maybe they would suspect him, but what could
 they prove ? Nothing. All they could do, after
 the funeral, was to hand him the money.

   He reached for his dusty old hat and jumper
 and put them on. The drilled well, six inches
 in diameter and two hundred feet deep, would
 be a fine place for the pistol, and in the pitch
 blackness of the yard Dirk found the little well
 shed. He raised the cover and dropped the
 gun in and heard it scrape and bang the casing
 several times before it struck the water.

   The rain was coming harder, now, already
 soaking him through at knee and shoulder as
 he headed for the corral. Stooping low, he
 could faintly see his hammerheaded old horse
 against the skyline. His eyes were getting
 used to the dark. He caught the animal by the
 mane and led him up by the barn and brought
 the harness out and threw it on. The leather
 was wet and slick as he fastened the buckles.

   It was as he reached under for the belly
 band that he heard the pound of hoofs and
 then the rattle of a buggy, and for an instant
 he leaned there, paralyzed. Whoever it was
 would be coming here, for no one else lived
 down this way. Suddenly he grabbed the
 bellyband and buckled it and caught the bit
 ring. Let them come. Give him three more
 minutes, and let them come—

   He led the horse out of the corral and flung
 himself upon its back and rode him swiftly
 to the yard and slid down. In a second, he had
 backed him into the shafts and was fastening
 them. He hooked a tug, then, with the sound
 of the horse and buggy coming closer, and
 ran around to hook the other, and as he undid
 the lines from the liame he could see the mov-
 ing blackness of the rig coming at him. Swift-
 ly he clambered to the seat.

   The rig pulled up. A man said, “Hello,
 there. That ain't you, is it. Mac?”

   Dirk knew the voice. Old man Vanderwet
 Then some other man said, “Mac?”

   Dirk got a good grip on his voice. “It’s
 me,” he said. “Dirk Callen. Uncle—Uncle
 Mac—has been killed—”

   Vanderwet exclaimed, “I told you! I told
 you something was wrong! ” And as the two
 men piled out of the rig, he added, “Every
 Friday night for twenty years we’ve played
 checkers, and when he didn’t show up tonight
 —I—I knew something must be wrong, so I
 brought the doctor—”

   Startled, Dirk kept quiet as he stepped from
 hub to porch. He had forgotten it was Friday.

 Maybe, in the excitement of their talk, h
 uncle had forgotten it, too.

   The rain beat down with sudden fury as h
 shoved the door open and let the yellow ligV
 flood out. That was fine. It would smoot
 out the tracks he had made, getting the hors
 up here from the barn. He led the way i
 and stood silently as Vanderwet moved pon
 derously behind him. Vanderwet looked at th
 body for a long time, face shaken and pale an
 his grey mustaches trembling a little now an
 then. The doctor, a little man in baggy clothe
 whom Dirk did not know, knelt by old Ma
 and took his wrist.

   And, in surprise, he exclaimed, “Why, he’
 only just been shot I”

   Dirk tensed. “He—he’s dead, isn’t he?”
   “There’s no doubt of it.”

   “I heard the shot,” Dirk explained.
 drove up just before you got here. I wasn’
 quite to the gate when I thought I heard ;
 gun, and when I came inside, this is what i
 saw.”

   The doctor said, “Somebody evidently at<
 supper with Mac.”

   “They must have taken out the back way,’
 Dirk declared, “when they heard me.”

  “But why?” Vanderwet exclaimed. “Why
would anybody—”

 IJE FIXED a long, searching look on Dirk,
 his little grey eyes peering out above
 bustles of grey flesh, his brows glistening a
 little with drops of mist. Dirk forced himself
 to keep a steady countenance.

   “You weren’t by any chance the one who
 ate here?” the old man asked, and his look
 moved to Dirk’s shirt front and back up to his
 eyes.

   In spite of himself, Dirk glanced down and
 saw the streak of egg yoke down his belly.
 He felt sweat break upon his body. “I ... I
 didn’t mean to mention it,” he said, “but—
 well, I was starved when I came in Uncle
 Mac was dead. Past help. They had left a
 little stuff, he and whoever ate with him, and,
 being hungry, I bolted it down, and started for
 you.”

  Vanderwet nodded. “Then you—you must
have got here, say, ten minutes ago? Fifteen,
maybe?”

   “Maybe fifteen.”

   Vanderwet said, “How long has Mac been
 dead, Doc?”

   The doctor shrugged. “Who can say? Five
 minutes—ten minutes—maybe a quarter of an
 hour. Not longer.”

   “I told you I heard the shot!” Dirk ex-
 claimed. With an effort he toned his voice
 down. “I heard it.”

   Vanderwet sighed heavily and picked up
 the lamp. “I’ll hold the light for you to turn .
 around, Doc. Have John and them bring out
THE WHITE SQUARE

the very best coffin—that all right, Dirk?”

  “Sure.” Dirk was getting a little dizzy with
relief. “Sure. The best.”

  “We’ll lay him out an' shave him while
you’re gone,” Vanderwet added. He led the
way onto the porch and stood there a second
and then he whirled on Dirk, drawing a gun
from his armpit. He cocked it, holding it un-
waveringly on Dirk’s middle.

  “I would enjoy shooting you,” he said, as
Dirk backed toward the table in the room. “I
hope you move one more step.” He came in
with the lamp, squinting his left eye against
it. “Find his pistol. Doc, and tie his hands
behind him . . . and don’t get between me
and him.”

  Dirk tried to speak as the doctor moved
behind him and felt over his body for a gun,
but no words would come. He calculated his
chances for a break. They were nil. Then it
came to him that he must brazen it out. Old
Vanderwet was merely suspicious and trying
to stampede him into talking.

  “All right. Find my gun,” he said. “Since
I never owned one of the things, I’d like to
see it”

  The doctor’s hands moved quickly and ex-
pertly over him a second time, and finally the
man grunted, “Well, there’s no gun, that’s
sure.”

  “Tie him!” Vanderwet exclaimed. “Out of
his own mouth, gun or not, he stands con-
victed. There’s a rawhide lace on the nail be-
hind you. Doc. Put your hands behind you,
Callan.”

Dirk obeyed before the cold, hungry mouth
of the pistol. His sweat had dried. “But—you

see I have no gun—” he croaked, his mouth
growing dry.

  “I’ll see something else before snow flies.
A hanging.”

  Dirk felt the rawhide bite into his wrists,
and the doctor’s warm breath blowing upon
his hands.

  Then Vanderwet backed onto the porch
again, the lamp throwing heavy angles of
shadow into the room. “Come out!” he or-
dered. “Doc, pick up that poker and if he
tries anything, brain him.”

  Something in the man’s manner, in his
voice, struck an icier terror into Dirk than he
had ever felt before. His knees wobbled as
he moved out onto the porch, and it was hard
for him to breathe. But he would think of
something yet. He would admit nothing to
them.

  “You’ve been here fifteen minutes, you say,
and it’s been raining upwards of an hour. The
ground is muddy, the road full of puddles.”
Vanderwet took a deep breath, pointing. “And
yet—”

  At first, Dirk thought he was pointing at
the buckboard, and he stared at it, dripping
and shining, but he could see nothing wrong.
And the horse, standing dejectedly, looked all
right.

  “Look under it,” Vanderwet grunted, and
the doctor gave a sudden cry of understand-
ing. “Take a look under the buckboard,
Callan.”

  Dirk looked. The ground there hadn’t been
rained on. It was dry and white. A white
square of it, in the lamp light, the size of a
gallows floor.

“JUST A NICE FRIENDLY KILL”

Marcia Rodman was a pin-up queen way back in father’s
day, but Cash Wale still found her interesting, especially
when she offered the pint-size private peep a tidy fee just to
listen to her proposition. But when he heard it, it was too
much even for tough-guy Wale: five grand for a bump, and
who do you think was the intended victim? None other
than Marcia herself. “Come on, be a sport Cash,” pleaded
the Gay Nineties torch-singer. “No hard feelings—just a
nice friendly kill.” Cash told her his rod was for hire—not
the slugs. But when the old dame got knocked off that
night, the cops were a bit skeptical of Cash’s story—and it
took three more kills to make it stick! Read PETER
PAIGE’S latest Cash Wale murder-go-round—Guilt-Edged
Frame.

Plus: Death for a Chaser, an exciting Counsellor
Mort novelette by JULIUS LONG: a gripping tale
of murder and madness—Lend Me a Murder, by
H. H. STINSON; a new and hilarious Doc Pierce
story by RICHARD DERMODY; another Mike Don-
lan yam by JOHN WHITING: and an unusual short
detective story by JOHN H. KNOX. It's a feast of
Action for crime-story connoisseurs—in the big
August issue of DIME DETECTIVE. On sale now I
Like all artists, Rick took pride in his work, but for a brush he used a
.25 automatic, and for a model, he used the woman whose unspoken
words would damn him to the chair.

RICK HAINES was a master craftsman.
He admitted it. He also admitted to the
cleverest brain in the profession; the
police hadn’t a thing on him because he always
planned his jobs well and his plans always
worked because they were simple and direct.
As now—

  He came briskly down the hall, a tall, well-
built man, impeccably dressed, carrying a bat-
tered brief case. He fore-knew exactly what
to do and what to expect when at noon he
walked into the fourth-floor office of Acme
Finance, and closed the door behind him. The
lone occupant, a little gray-haired man, rose
58

hastily and came toward him, said: “I’m
sorry sir, but we—”

  Rick said not a word. He pushed the little
.25 deep under the man’s breastbone, fed him
two efficient little pills with no more of a re-
port than the pop of bubble-gum, and rolled
the body out of sight behind a desk. Then he
pulled off the big, black-lensed glasses that
were an effective disguise for his small, shrewd
eyes, laid his gray fedora on top of them on
the desk and went to the unlocked safe where
he swiftly and efficiently transferred its more
cheering assets to the briefcase. He turned to
pick up his hat and glasses and walk out the

By

WILLIAM

HELLMAN
A EASY KILL

way he had come, when he froze in amazed
disbelief—standing in the open doorway
watching him, was a woman. She just stood
there with her hand on the knob, a stout,
middle-aged woman with gray hair under a
little, pertly styled bonnet and blue eyes be-
hind rimless glasses. She was looking at him,
her lips parted a little in surprise, as though
she had expected to find someone else there.

  At the sight of her standing there like that,
his well-oiled plans deserted him; he hadn’t
even remotely considered a chance intrusion.
His first wild, blind impulse was to flee, to
shoot his way out, but his clever, high-speed
brain kept him from making such a fool mis-
take. He reasoned: she’s just standing there,
not yelling her head off. So, she just thinks
I belong here. I’ll get her inside, let her have
it, and— He came toward her, smiling, bow-
ing politely.

  “Come in, madam,” he invited heartily.
“We are—”

  For a moment longer she just stood there,
watching him like a hypnotized bird, shifting
her bulk uneasily, trying to see past him into
the office. She brought her hands up in a little
gesture, as if to make a sign, then suddenly
turned and fled.

  “Wait!” Rick shouted after her, but she
scurried away and was gone before he could
grab her. He cursed loud and luridly—she was
on to him! He had to catch her and kill her
before she got away. She was a living, com-
petent witness who had had plenty of time
to memorize his face.

  He had the presence of mind to slap his hat
on his head, hook his dark glasses on his long
nose and grab the briefcase, before he dashed
down the hall after her. But the pause had
given her time to disappear; he heard the
elevator doors clang shut and the car was just
dropping out of sight—he knew his ticket to
the chair was on it.

  He took the stairs in amazing, long-legged
strides, almost dropping straight down them.
At the street floor, he compelled himself to
pause a moment, then go swiftly but sanely,
through the door into the foyer. The elevator
car was loading for another ascent; ahead of
him, waddling desperately for the street, was
the fat slob who could put the finger on him.

  Panic caught at him again. He had to stop
her, had to! It was all he could do to keep
from shouting at her to stop; he actually
started to pull the gun from his pocket to shoot
her as she drove ahead through the crojyded
foyer. She paused once as she came abreast
the line of telephone booths, and Rick

thought: here it is, she’s calling the cops
where I can’t stop her, here in front of this
mob. But she went on, and he guessed with-
out looking that the phones were all busy.

  But it was a brief respite at best, a few
more steps and she’d be on the street, yelling
her head off for a cop. Back in his brain
something seemed wrong, for why hadn't she
given the alarm before this, to the elevator op-
erator or someone? His quick mind had the
answer: she was a woman scared silly and she
was beating it for a place of refuge—her home,
probably. She’d keep her tongue in silence un-
til she could contact someone she trusted—her
old man, likely.

  She lumbered out onto the street, paused a
moment, while Rick, panicky in his fear and
uncertainty, weighed his chances of plugging
her right here and running for it, or tailing
her. He had no choice; while he hesitated, she
popped into a waiting cab and was off down
the street.

  He had a bad few seconds as he got his car
out into traffic, but the drizzling, misty rain
helped him, the cabby was a cautious soul and
Rick caught up with him two blocks down. He
kept close as they threaded through traffic, his
eyes glued onto the back glass of the cab,
where he could see her huddled and staring
back at him repeatedly in her terror.

  He smashed the steering wheel a savage
blow with his fist and let his rage run free.
“The stinking idiot!” he snarled aloud. “I
ought to have killed her right there in the
office, then I wouldn’t have to chase her a
couple miles to do it.”

  They came out onto the wide boulevard
and the cab speeded up, but Rick drove care-
fully, just keeping his quarry in sight; he
didn’t want to be picked up now. The rain
beat steadily against the windshield; the
sedate whir of the wiper was company for his
thoughts. His master mind was already busily
at work planning and as it worked, his rage
vanished and his confidence returned. He could
handle this job—easy!” He’d been right back
there—she was holing up somewhere to wait
a chance to spill what she’d seen after she got
over her terror. And she wouldn’t expect the
killer to trail her clean out here in the sub-
urbs ; she’d figure he was already on the lam.
Which was O.K. for Rick Haines.

  The cab swung-off the boulevard, went
down a quiet, tree-aisled street, lined on both
sides by big, box-like houses set back from the
sidewalk behind a narrow strip of lawn. Rick
swung in, parked the stolen green Chevvy and
watched intently; the cab pulled up to the curb

59
60

WILLIAM HELLMAN

half-way down the street, the woman got out,
scurried up the walk onto the wide porch. In
the half-murk, Rick watched intently and
when she used a key instead of ringing the
bell, he laughed in pleased confidence, for it
meant he had guessed aright—she'd be alone!

  He clambered over the seat back, lifted tne
rear cushion and slid the briefcase back under
a mess of papers and old rags he had placed
there. He waited a while, then drove boldly
down and parked before the house. He got
out, swung briskly up the flagstone walk,
across the porch and punched the button. He
didn’t hear the sound of the bell within, so he
punched the button again, peering through the
curtained glass, and he saw a little light flash
off and on somewhere inside in response to his
fingered pressure. His lip curled in derision—
of all the silly stunts! So the big fool’s nerves
were too bad to stand the clatter of a bell, eh ?

  He never had a doubt that his surmise was
correct, that she would answer his summons.
He waited until she opened the door, stood
looking at him enquiringly, then he whipped
off the black glasses; she gasped in surprise,
her eyes amazed. Her hands came up in a
gesture again and before she had the wit to
close the door on him, it was too late; he was
in the hall, the door closed, the little gun
jammed deep against her soft, bulging middle.

  Her eyes were big pools of surprised terror.

  “Not a peep!” he warned savagely. “So
you do recognize me, you blundering idiot!
Well, you’ll never live to tell it! ”

  She was paralyzed in her horror, trying
desperately to back away from him, her fingers
twisting helplessly at her mouth, from which
no words would come. He pushed the little
gun deeper under her sagging breast, fired
twice, the bullets slanting up and to the right.
Her clutching fingers clawed at her mouth and
face in a gripping spasm of pain and terror;
she swayed, then crumpled without a sound.

  Rick froze crouching over her, listening—
the gun ready in his hand. But no other sound
came to him, except somewhere the slow,
ponderous ticking of a clock. The shots had
made a small noise, like the snapping of a
pencil, and perhaps there was someone else in
another room. He couldn’t wait to find out;
cautiously he investigated and found no one,
and relaxed with a grin.

  Swiftly, he executed the rest of his light-
ning plan. He ransacked the house, turning out
drawers and cupboards indiscriminately, spill-
ing their contents in confusion, garnering
items of value into a pillow slip.

  He came downstairs, dropped the sack of
loot with a clatter on the kitchen floor, near
the rear exit. He unlocked the door, leaving
it partly open, and dropped the little gun near-
by. He allowed himself a moment to grin in
self-appreciation of his cleverness; the dumb

police would lay the crime to a prowler who
had killed the woman, ransacked the house,
then had been frightened into dropping his
loot and escaping out the back door. The little
gun could be easily traced to a small-time,
misshappen snowbird with a long record.

  He went back through the hall to where the
woman still lay, a lumpy, sprawling heap. He
peered out into the street through the cur-
tain; the rain had stopped, it was wholly de-
serted and gray in the murky half-light. He
put on his glasses, paused, went over and de-
liberately kicked the woman in the face,
laughed and opened the door.

  He was half-way through it, when he halted,
stunned—a man was coming toward him on
the sidewalk, not ten feet from the flagstone
walk. A car was parked a little distance be-
hind the Chewy. Instantly, Rick realized
what had happened; he hadn’t noticed the
other car parked by the trees when he had
looked out the curtains, and when he had gone
back to kick the woman, the man had got
out of it. Who was he? But more important,
where was he going?- Rick Haines wanted
desperately to duck back into the house, but it
was too late; the man had seen him.

  His master mind came-promptly to his res-
cue. He paused, as though listening to the
woman past the edge of the partly open door,
said distinctly: “Thank you again, Mrs.
Anderson. ” He almost grinned at the name, he
had noticed it on a small plate on her mailbox.
He stepped out onto the porch, his hand on the
knob holding the door several inches ajar. “I
really am sorry. ...” He paused politely to
let her speak, stood-listening and nodding,
aware that the little man on the sidewalk had
slowed, was looking at him curiously. Rick
ignored him. “Yes ... I understand ... be-
lieve me, I’m sorry, too. Well...” He laughed
ruefully. “Guess I’ll have to ask elsewhere.
But thank you again. And goodbye,” he added
gallantly and closed the door behind him, ;
knowing that the spring lock would work.

  The little guy on the sidewalk was still look-
ing at him, walking slowly, and a sudden rage
flared up in Rick Haines, and he swore silently
that he’d be damned if he’d leave a witness
this time, no matter how remote the chances
of being identified, nor how involved the I
task of bumping him off. He had cleverly and
effectively -lulled any suspicions the lug may
have had as to his business here, and now to
get him into the Chewy and the rest would
be easy. And in his pocket a gun, which he
had a license to carry because of his apparent
lawful profession, would be enough persuasion.
This buzzo was going to die!

  He stopped the little man with a word.
What a skinny, innocent-looking worm! “Can
you please tell me where J. E. Thalmus lives
hereabouts?” he asked politely. “Mrs. Ander- .
EASY KILL

61

son tells me she never heard of him at all.”
The little man’s eye brows went up just a
twitch. “Mrs. Anderson said that? Now that
is strange—I mean, she has lived here all her
life and gets about a lot and knows every soul
on this quiet little street. She’s a nice woman,
Mrs. Anderson; kind and quiet-spoken.”
“You know her?” Rick asked and a little
alarm bell tinkled back in his brain somewhere.
“Yes, she is.” Who is this lousy little runt,
anyway ? Have I seen him some place before ?
His hand went rigid, hard on the gun in his
pocket. He was aware of the little guy’s stare,
of his quick glance at the bulging hand in his
pocket. He laughed. “Well, I guess I’ll have
to go back for a better address.”

  He moved a little, looking about to see if any
chance window-watcher might see him force
the little mug into the Chewy. Then the pee-
wee surprised him.

  “Look,” he said suddenly, in a sort of des-
perate, choked voice, “would you give me a
lift downtown?” He laughed ruefully. “That
blasted skate of mine there quit on me up the
street and I coasted to here. ”

  “Sure, sure!” Rick agreed heartily. “Glad
to have you.” His heart was singing now—
boy, what a break! A solid, hard whack on the
buzzo’s neck, then drive out along the high-
way, open the door on that curve and let the
body spill out, over the bank in the dark, and
into the river below. As simple as that—and
the little runt asking for it!

  They came down off the quiet, tree-lined
street onto the boulevard lanes, then turned
west; there were plenty of places along here
where he could knock the little guy out before
they got into the congested district where
traffic was heavy. He’d take it slow. . . .

  At an intersection, a cop stood in the re-
newed drizzle, directing cross-traffic. Rick
slowed the car to the required twenty-five; he
was too smart to slip up now. But as they ap-
proached the officer, the little man suddenly
caught at the steering wheel with both hands,
heaved with all his puny might. His might
was as little as his body, but the maneuver
caught Rick off guard because it was totally
unexpected. Before his amazed senses could
react properly, the wheel spun in his relaxed
hands, the car swerved and plowed with a.
rending crash into an iron trolley pole.

  The impact dazed him; for a moment he
couldn’t move. But the little man had the door
open, was out on the street. The cop came
over, angry and bawling.

  “Watch that man!” the little fellow
shrilled. “He’s dangerous. He just killed Mrs.
John Anderson because he thought she saw
him kill my cashier.”

  My cashier ! Rick heard the words and went
numb—so he had seen the mug before—when

he had cased the joint. He started up, but the
cop was beside him, the door open, his big
service pistol in his mitt. That cop wasn’t a
coward, but he wasn’t a fool either.

“Come out of there, fellow,” he said stolidly.
Cold terror revived Rick Haines. “He’s a
fool,” he said furiously. “The jackass asked
me for a lift, wrecked my car. I’m a salesman
and I called on Mrs. Anderson on business.v

  “Yes,” the little man cut in, dancing in his
excitement. “Look, officer, I returned from
lunch, found my man dead, the safe looted. I
remembered that this is the day of the month
that poor Kelly stayed to attend to Mrs.
Anderson. She always came at noon when
everyone else was out—you see, Officer, she
was sort of sensitive about her—her ailment,
and Kelly was the only one she would con-
verse with. She came today, stumbled on this
guy tapping the till, didn’t see poor Kelly, and
left because she was unwilling to deal with
anyone else! I don’t believe she had any idea
at all that this thug had killed, but—”

  “You libelous little fool!” Rick ranted. He
kept his senses by reminding himself that they
couldn’t pin a thing on him. Sure they’d find
her dead, but this runt himself would have to
admit she was still alive when they left her!
“I never harmed your man, nor Mrs. Ander-
son. You heard me talking to her when I—”
“Yes,” the little man said again. He grinned
suddenly. “That’s what put me next to you,
warned me you were a phoney with something
to hide. I came out to talk to Mrs. Anderson
because she—well, she can’t use the phone. I
saw you come out, got a little suspicious, but
I’d have to let you go unnoticed—if you hadn’t
stopped to talk to her. The rest I added up,
and when I saw that gun in your fist in your
pocket, I was sure. I was sure, too, that the
car was stolen, so I deliberately got you to
give me alift so I could—”

  “You’re a fool!” Rick snarled, but some-
thing in the little man’s grin put terror in his
soul. “Mrs. Anderson was alive when I left
her. I talked to her—”

  “Sure, but she didn’t talk back. She didn’t,
because she couldn’t! That’s why she used a
door-light instead of a bell—that should have
tipped you off, if you saw it. And that’s why
Kelly alone could talk to her; he alone could
talk with his hands! You see, wise guy, Mrs.
Anderson did not talk to you, because she was
a deaf mute, born deaf and dumb! ”

  Rick's panic possessed him completely then.
He forgot everything, even his gun, in his lust
for life. He swung around the car, raced in
agony for the shielding corner and escape.
The policeman’s bullet sliattered his leg, drop-
ping him screaming to the street.

  “Wise guy,” the little man said. “Just a
death house dummy.”
RED DAWN

By DON JAMES

62

God knows, Larry had reason enough
to wish Pete Lundquist dead, but
when someone beat him to that ugly
job of murder, Larry became "it” in
a deadly game of hot-squat tag!

LARRY HALDER gulped the last of the
hot coffee he had made and looked at the
clock. It was twenty-seven minutes after
three and outside the night still was dark and
cold. The bus passed the corner at three thirty-
four. He’d have to hurry.

  Quietly he rinsed the cup and put it away.
He didn’t want to awaken Mildred. She hadn’t
spoken to him for three days—since their last
quarrel—and if he awakened her now, she
would probably go into a tirade about the split
shifts he worked, the relatively low salary he
earned, and what she thought of marriage to
a news man who worked for a press bureau.

  He got into a top coat, put on his rain-bat-
tered hat, and left the house. He had to run
the three blocks to the bus line.

  Several passengers looked at him casually
and settled back into early morning expres-
sions of boredom and sleepiness. The bus
picked up speed and rattled toward town.

  It disgorged most of its passengers at the
central bus station and Larry hurried toward
RED DAWN

63

the Examiner building, wishing he had time
for a quick cup o! coffee. He had to pass it
up. The wire opened at four and he had to
write and punch enough in the next forty min-
ates to get something on for the four-thirty
split.

 A janitor was mopping the entrance to the
Examiner and nodded a greeting as Larry
lurried in. Larry ran up the one flight of
itairs to the city room where the Allied News
service had its office partitioned off in one
ximer.

  At one side of the large room, near the copy
lesk, a light burned at a littered desk and a
nan slept there in a top coat and hat tipped
)ff his head.

 Larry smiled grimly. Pete Lindquist was
in another one. It wasn't unusual to find the
ice reporter at his desk sleeping off too many
lours in the Press Club. Usually Larry or
vhoever was working the early morning split
vould awaken the good looking Examiner man
>efore the paper’s crew began to arrive.

  In the bureau office Larry hastily shed hat
ind coat and snapped on the teletypes. In a
ew moments stuff would come in from San
Francisco and when they finished down there,
^arry would feed his copy into the machine.

 The night man had left some overnight,
>unched and ready to go. Larry quickly
scanned the remainder of the last night's news
ind went to work. The teletypes began to
dick the California scoops.

 At four-thirty he fed in his punched tape
ind watched the fifteen minutes of news clack
)ut on the copy paper. Finished, he lit a ciga-
rette and relaxed. He had an hour and a half
>efore the next split. Time for a cup of cof-
ee and something to eat. At six his day man
vould come on.

 As he went through the city room, Pete
Lindquist grunted in his sleep and moved
slightly.

 “Better let him sleep,” Larry thought.
‘He’ll wake up to a hangover soon enough.”

 The .night phone rang on the city editor’s
lesk. Larry hesitated for a moment and then
inswered it.

 “Lindquist?” a voice asked.

 “No, but he’s here. Wait a moment.”

 “Never mind,” the voice snapped. The line
went dead.

 Larry dropped the telephone in its cradle.
‘Polite guy,” he thought.

 The janitor had finished mopping and the
ioyer was empty. As Larry left the building,
i thin man in a black coat and hat down over
his eyes brushed past him going into the
building.

  It was after five when Larry returned to the
Examiner. He walked up the stairs feeling
better with ham-and-eggs and coffee under
his belt.

 He started through the city room when he
 noticed Lindquist and stopped.

 Something was wrong. Lindquist’s head
 had turned on the desk top so that he faced
 Larry. His eyes were wide open, staring.

 Larry hurried to him and stopped again, his
 eyes riveted on the reporter.

 “Good God!” he breathed.

 Someone had caved in the back of Lind-
 quist’s head.

*	+ *

 The man in charge of the homicide squad
 introduced himself as Lieutenant Rodson. He
 was middle-aged and displayed the'efficiency
 that comes from long experience.

 Larry Haider explained what had happened;
 about the telephone call and the thin man who
 had brushed past him at the building entrance.

 Rodson looked thoughtful.

 “Lindquist played around in some queer
 places,” he said. “Places where a man can
 pick up enemies.”

 Larry nodded. “He was in trouble with
 some husband last year, and I’ve heard other
 tales.”

 An assistant who had been busy over the
 body turned to Rodson and handed him a
 wallet without comment.

 Rodson thumbed through the dead man’s
 pocketbook. He glanced briefly at a social
 security card and a driver’s license. Then he
 closely inspected a photograph.

 “Know the woman?” he asked Larry and
 passed a snapshot to him.

 Larry took it and tried to cover the hollow,
 empty shock that the picture brought to him.
 In the far corner of the room the teletype chat-
 tered monotonously. Rodson, sensing a change
 in Larry, looked at him closely.

 “Who is she?” he prompted.

 Larry didn’t try to explain it in his mind,
 he simply stared at the picture and everything
 in the room and the world stood still.

 “I don’t know,” he muttered.

 TTIS' own questions began to assail him.

    What was Mildred’s picture doing in
 Lindquist’s wallet? What had been going on
 between his wife and the Examiner man ? Was
 this the answer to the frequent quarrels, the
 Strained marriage, the unhappiness ? He hadn’t
 thought of another man, but there was her pic-
 ture in another man’s wallet.

 Rodson was asking him a question.

 “What did you say?” Larry asked blankly.

 “You’re sure you don’t recognize her?”

 Larry shook his head.

 Rodson’s eyes narrowed. “What’s bothering
 you so much?”

 “I—I guess I’m not used to murder,” Larry
 said tightly.

 Rodson nodded and looked impassively at
 squad men working at their routine jobs. A
64

DON JAMES

 medical examiner yawned and got ready to
 leave. Two men from an ambulance waited
 patiently with a stretcher.

   Larry hopelessly tried to make thoughts add
 up to a sensible answer. In the bureau office
 the teletype continued to chatter.

   “I’ve got to get the next split on the wire,”
 Larry said tonelessly.

   A squad man held up a heavy piece of type
 metal that someone had used for a paper
 weight on a desk.

  “Killed him with this,” he told Rodson
 briefly.

  “Fingerprints?”

  “Wiped clean.”

   Rodson turned to Larry. “You’ll be around
 today?” he asked. “We’ll want to talk with
 you later.”

  “I'll be around,” Larry said. He walked
 stiffly to the bureau. He wondered how he was
 going to make sense of the news he’d have to
 punch on the teletype ticker. The only
 thought that pounded through his mind was
 the question of why his wife’s picture had been
 found in the dead man’s pocketbook.

   It was late morning when the excitement of
 the city room murder died down and things
 began to work smoothly. Larry slipped into
 his coat.

   “I’m going out for an hour or so,” he said.
 “I’ll call in.”

   He' hurried through streets that had become
 alive with the morning and caught a bus. He
 tried not to think on the way out, but the
 questions drummed methodically at him, seek-
 ing, probing.

  Mildred was in the kitchen over a tardy
 breakfast when he arrived. Even in an old
 housecoat, with hair uncombed, she was pretty
 he thought. Pretty enough for a man like
 Lindquist to want.

   She looked up from her coffee in surprise
 when he came in.

  “What’s wrong?” she asked.

   He walked to the sink and drank a glass of
 cold water before he answered. It helped to
 stop the trembling within him.

   “We’d better have a talk,” he said.

   “If you came out here in the middle of the
 morning just to pick a quarrel with me—”

  “Someone murdered Pete Lindquist this
morning,” Larry said curtly.

  His wife’s mouth remair=d open over un-
 said words and her eyes wii ened. A thin line
 of whiteness edged itself ar. und her lips.

  “Murdered!” Her voice was a hoarse
whisper.

  “The police found your picture in his
wallet. ”

   Suddenly she was 011 her feet, staring at
 him.

   “You’re lying!” she cried. “You’re trying
 to frighten me!”

   ttTm telling the truth,” he said dully. “And
I’m learning another.”

  “But I—we—”

  “Was there something between you two?”
he asked.

   She shut her eyes and tried to stop the via
lent trembling that swept over her.

   He crossed to her and his hands bit into her
shoulders. She was limp in his grasp.

  “Tell me,” he whispered. “Tell me the
truth.”

  She turned her head in a forlorn, hopeless,
gesture. He shook her with straining fingen
Abruptly her eyes opened and she struggle
to free herself.

  “I hate you!” she cried hysterically. “I,
hate you!” She clawed at the fingers on her I
shoulders.

  His hands dropped limply.

  “Then it’s true about you and Lindquist,"
he said.

  “Yes! It’s true! And now he’s dead!”

   She stumbled to a chair at the table and sank!
down, a crumpled figure with head buried in I
her arms and sobs racking her body.

  Blindly Larry turned and walked out of the I
house. He wondered if he would ever return
There was nothing left there for him.

*	* *

  On the way back to town the shock of the I
truth he had learned about his wife faded be- \
neath the realization that eventually someone1
would identify the picture from Lindquist’s!
wallet.

  When Rodson learned who the woman was, !
he’d, know that Larry Haider had lied to him. I
Realization became icy water that spread I
through Larry’s body.

  “That gives me a motive,” he thought.
“Rodson will tab me for the murder! I should
have admitted that it was her picture! ”

  He remembered how vague his story had
been. The telephone call; the thin man coming;
into the building. There was no one to prove
that it wasn’t Larry’s imagination that had
invented the call and man.

  Perspiration broke out and crept from be-
neath his hat band. Within hours Rodson
would send for him and there would be the
questions and the clumsy attempts to explain,
They wouldn’t believe that he hadn’t know
about his wife and the dead newspaper man,
Too many people in the bureau had heard him
quarrel over the telephone with Mildred, ha<
known that they were not getting along.

  He wondered how many of them knew about
Lindquist. Maybe he was the only one who;
didn’t know. Maybe the others had been
laughing at him behind his back.

  But Rodson wouldn’t laugh. Rodson would-’
tie it all up into a motive, an opportunity, an<
a murder with Larry Haider tabbed for a
death cell.
RED DAWN

65

fPHE bus stopped at a downtown corner and
Larry left it hurriedly. He couldn’t go back
to the bureau now. He had to have time to
think.

  He found a cafe and ordered coffee. The
pungent taste of it seemed to clear his mind.

  “I’ve got to find that man who came in this
morning,” he thought. “And I’ve got to do
it before Rodson identifies that picture and
picks me up. I’ll never get a chance if he
takes me in.”

  Larry tore at the puzzle, trying to find a
place to start; an opening that would lead to
the end. “Someone knew he was there,” he
thought. “The phone call. And he had been
somewhere during the evening.”

  The Press Club looked unusually empty in
the morning. Larry went to the bar where a
squat bartender nodded and wiped the top ex-
pectantly. Larry ordered a soft drink.

  “So somebody killed Lindquist,” the bar-
tender said.

  Larry nodded.

  “Well, you never know,” the bartender
observed wisely. “Pete was in here late yes-
terday afternoon. Little did I think he’d be
dead today! ”

  “Was he here alone?” Larry asked casually.
  The bartender smiled knowingly.

  “That guy alone when there was a woman
within ten miles?”

  Nervous fear made Larry’s next question
low and hurried.

  “He was with a woman?”

  He wondered if the bartender would nod and
describe Mildred.

  “He was with that babe who works in Tony
Cintrella’s night spot—Clara Lorn,” the bar-
keep said. “Blonde and like a calendar girl.”
Larry smiled in relief.

  “They went out together?”

  “About midnight. I wasn’t here then, but
Sam told me this morning. Sam’s working
night shift.”

  “Pete and the gal must have made quite a
night of it,” Larry suggested.

  “They were plastered when they left here,”
the bartender grinned.

  Larry finished his drink and left.

  On a corner he debated his next move. A
prowl car drove slowly by and instinctively he
turned to look in a window. The car didn’t
stop. He wondered if Rodson had sent out a
pick-up order for him.

  Abruptly he walked down the street. A few
moments later he climbed stairs to the night
club where Clara Lorn worked.

  The same vacant appearance of the Press
Club hung over the night spot. The bar was
deserted. At the far end of the place a jafrttor
was waxing the floor. Near him was an open
door into another room and the sound of a
voice came faintly through the quiet. The

voice stopped and there was the sound of a
telephone dropping into its cradle.

  Larry walked across the club to the open
door. The janitor glanced at him impassively
and continued his waxing.

  It was a 1 office and a short, fat man with
thinning h ir looked up from papers on a
desk.

  “Something I can do for you?” the fat man
asked.

  “Are you Cintrella?”

  The fat man nodded.

  Larry said, “A girl named Clara Lorn
works for you. She was with Pete Lindquist
last night before he was murdered this morn-
ing. I'm from Allied News. Thought there
might be a story if I talked with her.”

  If news of Lindquist’s death startled the
nightclub owner, he didn’t show it. Larry sup-
posed it had been on the radio, though.

  “She comes to work this afternoon,” Cin-
trella said. “Yesterday was her day off.”

  “Do you know where she lives?”

  Cintrella hesitated and then shrugged. He
brought a small notebook from a desk drawer
and consulted it. Indifferently he gave Larry
an address.

  Larry thanked him and turned to leave.
“Just a second,” Cintrella said softly. “You
going to use her name in a story?”
“Probably—if there’s a story.”

  “You going to mention where she works?”
Larry got it then. He smiled crookedly.
“I’ll leave the name of your club out, if that’s
what you mean.”

  Cintrella smiled. “That’s fine. Want a
drink?”

  Larry refused and Cintrella walked to the
main entrance with him.

  “I know you got to print the news,” he
said. “But if you leave the name of the club
out, I’ll appreciate it. Getting mentioned in
murder stories isn’t good publicity. Some guys
like it. I don’t.”

  Outside, Larry took a taxi to the address
Cintrella had given him and found that it was
a third rate apartment house. He found her
apartment number on an outside listing. A
middle-aged woman carrying a shopping bag
came out. Larry caught the door before it
could latch and went in.

rPHE apartment was on the third floor. He
rapped three times before a voice answered
him.

  “Who is it?”

  “Telegram,” Larry said.

  There was movement within the apartment
and the door opened. A blonde wearing a thin
bathrobe over pajamas eyed him suspiciously.
“What’s the gag?” she demanded.

  He grinned. “I’m from Allied News. Some-
one murdered Pete Lindquist this morning.”
66

DON JAMES

 The girl regarded him with steady eyes.
 After a few moments she spoke.

 “So somebody killed him. What does that
 make me?”

 “You were out with him last night.”

 “What time was he killed?”

 “Around five o’clock.”

 “I left him at four,” she said.

 “Let me come in and talk it over.”

 She shook her head. “There’s nothing to.
 talk over.”

 Larry looked at her shrewdly. “You’re in
 the clear, but you were with him last night.
 How the papers play it depends upon how you
 play it”

 Abruptly she opened the door. “Come in,”
 she said shortly.

 She motioned him to a chair and selected
 a davenport for herself. When she lit a ciga-
 rette, he noticed that her hand trembled.
 “Who killed him?” she asked.

 “They don’t know.”

 “What do you want from me?”

 “Where you went and what you did.”

 Her account was colorless. They had left the
 Press Club and visited several night clubs, in-
 cluding Cintrella’s. Lindquist had taken her
 home at about four o’clock. That was the last
 she had seen of him.

 Larry was thoughtful. “Did he talk with a
 tall, thin man in a dark topcoat during the
 night?”

 “I don’t think so.”

 Something about the way she avoided his
 eyes made him press further. “Do you know
 a man who looks like that?”

 She looked at him with expressionless eyes.
 “Maybe,” she said. “Why?”

 “Because a man who looks like that prob-
 ably killed him.”

 She stood and restlessly walked about the
 room. Finally she stopped at a window and
 gazed down into the street.

 “What makes you think that?” she asked
 over a shoulder.

 “I saw a man like that go into the Examiner
 just before he was murdered,” he said flatly.

 At the window the girl stiffened, her eyes
 intent upon the street below. Abruptly she
 whirled and spoke, but it wasn’t to Larry. She
 was looking beyond him at a half closed door
 that obviously led into her bedroom.

 “Nick,” she said sharply. “The cops I
 They’re downstairs!”

 The door swung back and a man came into
 the room.

 Larry sprang to his feet. The man was the
 thin man he sought

 “I want you,” Larry snapped and started
 toward the man.

 The man called Nick brought a hand from a
 coat pocket and a squat, blue gun jerked up
 toward Larry. “And I want you,” he said.

 jjomewhere in the apartment a door buzzer
 sounded.

 “What’ll I do, Nick?” the girl asked tensely..

 “Stall. I’ll take this guy down the back
 stairs and out the basement door.”

The man stepped toward Larry. “Turn
around and out the door,” he barked.

 The newsman looked at the gun and turned.

 They walked along a hallway to back stairs.;
 The gun nudged against Larry and the
 man’s breathing was close on his neck.

 The basement was empty and they scurried
 into an alley.

 “Down the alley and turn left,” Nick in-
 structed. “The blue coupe. You’ll drive.”

 Larry wet dry lips and nodded. He suddenly
 realized that Nick had heard every word that
 had been said in the apartment. That meant
 that Nick knew he had been identified as
 a probable murderer. Suddenly Larry was
 frightened. There was no reason why Nick
 shouldn’t plan to kill again to cover another
 crime.

 A few moments later Larry slipped behind;
 the wheel of the coupe. Nick inserted the;
 ignition key in the lock and turned it.

 “Out the boulevard to the Hacienda,” he
 said.

 Larry recognized the name of a suburban
 night club.

 “And be careful,” the man added. “I don’t:
 mind killing.”

 During the afternoon it had grown hot in
 the small backroom at the Hacienda. Sitting,
 across the room from Larry, Nick lit another!
 cigarette and looked at the newspaper man
 with bleak eyes.

 When they arrived, the man in the dark top-
 coat had locked Larry in the room and Larry
 had heard the dialing of a telephone down the
 hallway and then a few low words. Nick had
 come back to the room then.

 Since his return there had been no talk, no
 movement, just the methodical lighting of
 cigarettes and Nick’s hands toying with the
 squat gun.

 Larry glanced at his wrist watch. It
 after three. He wondered what was happer.ir
 at the Examiner and at the bureau. He won
 dered what Lieutenant Rodson was doing.

CUDDENLY heavy footsteps sounded it
^ the halh ay and the door jerked openn
Cintrella wal ed into the room looking out of;
breath and worried.

 He gave Larry Haider a brief glance
 then turned to Nick.

 “This is a hell of a mess, Tanner!” he ex-
 ploded.

Nick Tanner eyed him with an ami
smile.

 “You ought to know,” he said easily. “You
 started it.”
RED DAWN

67

  Something like fear crossed Tony Cintrella’s
eyes.

  “Shut up,” he snapped. “Not in front of
him.”

  “Why not?” Nick Tanner asked. “He saw
me go into the Examine, He was looking for
me.”

  Cintrella began to pace the floor; a thick,
heavy man obviously perturbed.

  “How much does he know?” he demanded
of Tanner.

  The man shrugged. “Too much.”

  “I shouldn’t have let you go through with
it,” Cintrella rapped. “I knew that as soon as
you left.”

“Lindquist is dead,” Tanner said tonelessly.
“You loused it up,” Crinella said angrily.
“You let this guy see you. I should have
known better that to use a damn fool who—”
“That’s enough,” Tanner said softly. “My
gun is for hire, but I can'use it for myself.
Don’t shove. Maybe I’ll decide to use it.”
Tony Crinella mopped at his face with a
handkerchief. “Okay, okay,” he muttered.
“What are we going to do?”

  “You figure that. This town is your back
yard; not mine.”

  Cintrella stuffed his handkerchief into a
pocket.

  “Incidentally,” he snapped at Tanner,
“where were you all morning? I tried to find
you.”

  “In Clara Lorn’s apartment.”

  The night club owner stared at him. “I
told you to stay away from her. I wouldn’t
have given this monkey her address if I had
known you were there!” He paused and add-
ed, “How much does she know?”

  Tanner shrugged. “She’s not dumb.”
  “Damn you! I—”

  Suddenly Tanner stood. “Okay, fat boy,”
he said thinly. “Let’s cut out the gab. You
found ou> that Lindquist had learned you’re
wanted for murder in New York and planned
to use it in the clean-up job the Examiner
wants to start against the hot spots in town.
You get me last night after Lindquist got too
many drinks in your joint and hinted what he
was going to do to you. You tell me to fol-
low him when he leaves with Clara and to take
care of him. I did, but this punk sees me go.
in. We’re both in a spot, but not the spot he’s
in.”

  Larry swallowed hard, his eyes intent upon
the two men.

  “Will you shut up?” Cintrella demanded.
“Spilling all that in front of this guy!”
“What’s the difference?” Tanner smiled.
“He’s not going to be talking any more after
while. Dead men haven’t much to say.!i-
Cintrella had the handkerchief out again
sopping at his forehead.

  Full realization of what Tanner meant

drummed into Larry’s mind. He got to his
feet.

  “You can’t—” he started to say.

  Tanner motioned the gun toward him. “Sit
down.”

  Larry sat down again, desperately wonder-
ing if he would have a chance if he rushed the
thin man. Abruptly he wished he had gone to
Rodson and told him the story. This wasn’t a
job for an amateur. You had to be tough to
deal with killers. Tougher than a news bureau
man.

  Tanner nodded at a newspaper in Cintrella’s
coat pocket.

  “What are the cops doing?” he asked.

  Cintrella unrolled the paper. Larry recog-
nized an early street edition of the Examiner.
He could see the heavy, black headline:
“Examiner Reporter Murdered.”

  Cintrella glanced down the page and a
change came over him. His heavy frown disap>
peared and he looked thoughtful.

  “I didn’t get a chance to read this on the
way out,” he said. He looked at Larry.
“What’s your name, punk?”

  “Larry Haider.”

  The fat man smiled and looked at Tanner.

  “The cops are looking for him,” he said.
“They learned that Lindquist was playing
around with this guy’s wife, and they label his
story about you and the phone call as phony—
he left there this morning and said he’d be
back in an hour. They’re still looking for him
and for their money he’s guilty.”

  Tanner’s eyes narrowed.

  “Okay, I’ll take it from there,” he said.
“We bump this guy and make it look like
suicide. We make him write a confession to
leave. That takes care of everything.”

*	* *

  Once during the day the shock of learning
about his wife’s infidelity had made life sour
and hopeless to Larry Haider. Now faced with
death, he realized that it was sweet. He didn’t
want to die. What had happened between Mil-
dred and him seemed suddenly far away and
almost unimportant. Now the important thing
was to live. And facing him in the small room
was death.

  A deep urgency became a frantic despera-
tion to prolong time, to delay death. He
grasped at straws.

  “You’d better get straightened out with
your fat partner, Tanner,” he said. His voice
was weak when he wanted it to be strong.
His thoughts were mice wildly trying to es-
cape a trap.

  Tanner looked at him.

«COMEONE called Lindquist just before he
was killed,” Larry blurted rapidly. “He
hung up before I could call Pete. Maybe some-
one was trying to warn him. Maybe it was
68

DON JAMES

Cintrella. He just said he shouldn’t have let
you go through with it.”

  “So what?” Tanner asked.

  “If Cintrella called, that means he was
afraid—that he didn’t trust you at the last mo-
ment and thought you’d blow things.”

  “You’re crazy,” Cintrella snapped. “Why
should I—?”

  “Let him talk,” Tanner interrupted.
Cintrella mopped at his forehead and was
silent.

  Larry said, “If he didn’t trust you then,
he won’t now. He’s afraid of you. You know
too much and you’ve murdered for him. He’s
been running away from one rap for a long
time.”

  “Keep talking,” Tanner said.

  “The easiest way to keep you from talking
is to get rid of you.”

  “I can take care of myself,” Tanner
snapped.

  “This is Cintrella’s back yard,” Larry re-
minded him. “Not yours. How many other
guys has he around to handle tilings for him?
Or maybe he might do it himself. He’s mur-
dered before.”

  The fat night club owner spoke harshly.
“He’s stalling. Your idea is good, Nick. Go
ahead with it. Make him write the confes-
sion.”

  Tanner looked at him with deadly interest.
“Maybe he talks sense,” he said softly. “Did
you call Lindquist when I was heading there?
Were you going to tip him off?”

 “No!”

  “I called you and told you where he was.
Said I had to wait until the janitor got out of
the entrance. Did you call him?” Tanner
pressed.

  “No! Don’t think that I—”

  “I think you’re lying,” Tanner said.

“Nick, I didn’t!” Cintrella said harshly.
“Maybe I’d be smart to eliminate everyone
who knows that I bumped Lindquist,” Nick
Tanner said. “Except Clara. I’ll take her
with me.”

  Cintrella’s floridness paled and grey tinged
his lips.

  “Wait, Nick! Don’t let this guy give you
ideas.”

  The gunman’s full attention was on the fat
man now. Larry felt his leg muscles contract
and he was very still. He’d been lucky and
he’d started something.

  Tanner’s gun was up again and this time it
menaced Cintrella.

  “I don’t think I like you,” Tanner said in
his quiet voice.

“Don’t be a fool, Nick. I’m in this as deep
as you are. You know about that rap back
east. You've got me where you want me.”
“You can always talk if you’re alive,” Tan-
ner told him.

  Tony Cintrella stared down at the gun in
Tanner's hand.

  “No!” he whispered.

  “Cintrella, you’d fold like a wet bar towel
if the cops got tough with you,” Tanner said.

“I don’t like it. I’m going to do something
about it.”

  His eyes watched Cintrella carefully. The
smile on his tightened lips had become tense
and ugly.

  “No!” Cintrella cried. “Nick! You're
wrong! I—”

  Nick Tanner took a step toward him and
the springs that were Larry Haider’s leg mus-
cles uncoiled as he lunged toward the gun-
man.

  Desperately Larry struck down on Tanner’s
gun arm. Sharp pain ripped through his wrist,
but he heard the sharp grunt from Tanner and
the clattering sound of the gun hitting the
floor.	t

  Larry fell forward, his body over the gun,
a hand groping madly for it.

  Tanner kicked and the blow thudded into
Larry Haider’s face. There was a flash of red
before his eyes he tried desperately to clear
his mind.

  The touch of metal in the hand beneath him
helped. He rolled and tried to fend off kicks
with his free arm. Something crashed into his
mouth. He spit out blood.

  He rolled again and brought the gun up.
Blindly he pulled the trigger knowing that he
probably would miss, but hoping the shot
would stop them momentarily.

  He didn’t miss. Cintrella screamed and
staggered to the wall holding his wounded
shoulder.

  “I’m hit. . . I’m hit ...” he moaned fran-
tically.

  Tanner hurled himself at Larry ai d Larry
fired again, low. Tanner lurched a\ .kwardly
and crashed to the floor, his hands p..wing at
a shattered shin bone.

  Larry stumbled to his feet and backed to
the door. There was a key on the outside. He
turned it as he quickly slammed the door to
the room.

  Down the hallway he saw the wall telephone
Tanner had used.

  His breath was heavy as he spoke rapidly to
the desk sergeant who took his call.

  Down the hallway in the locked room Cin-
trella still moaned. He was moaning when
Lieutenant Rodson unlocked the door twenty
minutes later.

  The bus stopped at his corner and Larry
Haider alighted and headed wearily for home. .
He was tired and his nerves were tight
through him like singing violin strings.

  The scene at the hospital marched through
his mind like a monotonous parade. Cintrella,
broken, moaning, talking wildly and accusing
RED DAWN

69

Tanner. Tanner’s tight-mouthed silence. Then
the ugly words he voiced at Cintrella. And
later at headquarters with Clara Lorn, fright-
ened and talking. Answering questions with
deep fear in her eyes.

  Afterwards Rodson shook hands with Larry
Haider and congratulated him. He handed a
telephone to him so that he could phone the
story in. A bureau man is a newspaper man
first; other things would have to come after-
wards.

TW’OW he walked toward the house where he
and Mildred had lived and loved and
quarreled and eventually found unhappiness.
The door was unlocked.

  He left his coat and hat in the hallway and
walked slowly into the kitchen. Mildred was
there and food was cooking on the stove. She
stoo' at the sink staring straight ahead out
the \ indow.

  “I've a good dinner for you,” she said.
“You must be tired. I’ve had the radio on. I
know about it.”

  Larry wet his bruised lips with his tongue
and tried to make sense of what she said. He
had expected to find her gone, the house empty
and cold. He didn’t understand this. Or did
she think he was fool enough to—

  She turned and tears were streaming down
her face. “I’ve had a lot to think about to-
day, Lar’-y,” she said. “I’ve been a fool. What
happened between Pete and me wasn’t as seri-
ous as you think. I kissed him a few times
and I thought I was crazy about him. But
when he was murdered and you—you were
gone and they couldn’t find you ...”

  She stopped and then went on in a choked
voice.

  “I’ve died a hundred deaths today. Think-
ing that maybe you’d killed for me. Thinking
he might be dead because of me. And they
told about him and Clara Lorn and .. . and I
knew he’d been playing with me, I think I’ve
always known.”

  Tears made her eyes bright under the kitch-
en light. On the stove a tea kettle began to
sing.

  “I’ll do anything you say,” she whispered.
“I’ll leave if you want it that way. But—but
I love you, Larry.”

  Too many things were with him and he
couldn’t think straight. People could make mis-
takes. Mildred could. He remembered how it
had been at first. He remembered his own
mistakes. You can’t be right always, but you
can learn.

  Tomorrow he’d think about it. Tomorrow
they could talk about it. Maybe it would be
all right. Maybe it would even be better.
Sometimes it took something like this to make
things right.

  “Anything you say,” she whispered her
eyes gentle.

  He tried to smile and it brought a sharp
twinge of pain to his lips.

  “Then how about a little dinner?” he said
softly.

  He didn’t know how gentle her lips could
be until they were pressed against his bruised
mouth.

  And maybe the kiss was rushing things a
little. Somehow, though, he didn’t care.
Things were going to be all right.

He was tough and steel-hard, all right; a mean and mer-
ciless private eye who, as he cheerfully admitted, would

ink the gold fillings from his dead grandmother's teeth
:or a profit. I hated him but I had to work for him and

foi

I'm afraid to think what might have happened if it
weren’t for the corpse, the crying girl—and a bowl of
milk....

Now on Sale.

America’s Most Unusual Detective Magazine

DETECTIVE

# TALKS 15c

MURDER-MISER-PLEASE!

A fast-paced and thrilling detective novel

By D. L. Champion
PAY THROUGH THE NOSE!

C. [William Harrison’s breath-taking
lady-killer novel

— ALSO —

Other excellent novels, novelettes and stories by
such murder maestros as Talmadge Powell,
Joel Reeve, Eric A. Provost and others—all in
the big August issue of DETECTIVE TALES.
This was the last time Eddie would
search for his lovely, too-lively torch*
singer wife. Until she, herself, started
to seek him, with her blue, dead
fingers groping blindly from the lacy
tissue of the candy box. . . ,

70

THE young man lit a cigarette before.
he went inside the tavern. He knew
he’d need one in there, but he couldn’t]
risk having anybody notice how I'.is hand
shook.

He went straight to the end of the bar. The
piano was just four feet away.

“Gimme a double shot, VVhitey.”

The bartender set it down carefully. The
glass was pretty full.

“Flora’s not here yet, Eddie. She told me
to tell you not to wait.”

The young man filled his lungs with smoke
and blew it out with a hiss like steam taking
a lid off.

“I’ll wait,” he said, trying to control his
hand as he reached for the shot glass of raw
whisky.

“Okay, Eddie. But it’s a shame to spill that)
SONG FOR FLORA.

■whiskey. Want I should lift it up to your
mouth ?”

  “Go to hell, Whitey 1 ”

  “Now look, kid. Why get sore at me? I
give you a message from Flora, that’s all. She
told me to tell you. ...”

  “Yeah?” asked Eddie, his eyes too bright
in his haggard face. “She says I shouldn’t
wait. Just when did she tell you that?”
“This aftenoon. She dropped in about four
and picked up her pay envelope. Then she sat
down at the piano and played a couple of tunes
absent-like. Her eyes were on the glassy side
. . . you know. . .

  “Who else was here then, Whitey?”

  “Just the usual. Barney Emmett was hang-
ing over the piano and she wasn’t giving him
any chatter at all. Her face was white and
she looked plenty sore at the guy. And Cass
Edwards was around with his gang, pretty
drunk and loud.”

  “I should have busted Barney Emmett’s
lantern jaw a long time ago,” said Eddie.
"The way he hangs around Flora. ”

  “Barney’s not a guy you can bust,” said
Whitey, shrugging bitterly. “Lot of people
have tried that to their sorrow. And I guess
Flora can handle herself.”

  Eddie finally got the shot glass to his mouth
without spilling more than a third of it over
his hand.

  “Who went with Flora when she left here,
Whitey?”

  “I dunno, kid. She goes out the back way
after leaving the message for you and I don’t
notice particularly. Why? How come you’re
so upset about the dame all of a sudden ?”
Eddie was watching the bartender’s face
very closely, but Whitey had a hard map to
read and he looked as calm as ever.

  “Just in the mood for asking questions,
Whitey. That’s all. She said I shouldn’t wait
for her, huh?”

  “That’s right.”

  “And what time did she say it?”

  “Four o’clock.”

  “Okay, Whitey. So long.”

  Eddie glanced once at the piano as he left
Flora wouldn’t be sitting there tonight playing
those lazy tunes she toved so much. Her round
white arms wouldn't be moving with the
rhythms of the dreamy spell she created. Her
warmth was gone. The piano looked black
and cold, as forbidding as an automatic.

  He walked two blocks down and got into
his cab.

  A fare came up.

  “Sorry, buddy,” said Eddie. “I got a call.”
He drove off, his hands sweating on the wheel.

  Whitey was a damn liar! At four o’clock
that afternoon Flora had been dead for several
hours! It was just after his noon stop for
eggs and a cup of steam that he’d found her
body stuffed into the back of his cab.

  Not all of her body—just part of it— Just
the head with a few strands of the blonde hair
caught in the zipper of the leather bowling
bag.

  The shock hadn’t worn off. It was still
pounding through him, making it impossible
for him to think of what he ought to do. Go
to the police? Hell, they’d slap him in the
clink so fast he -wouldn’t have a chance. It
would be open and shut to them.

  Flora was a handful as well as an eyeful..
And when you’re married to a dame like that
there’s bound to be other guys. And in a spot
like that the cops can figure you’ve got a
solid motive for killing her. Somebody else
had thought of that angle and had planted
enough evidence in his cab to send him to the
chair. Eddie didn’t want to play that way.

  So he had kept quiet all afternoon, trying
to guess it out. He had put the bowling bag
into the trunk of the car without looking at
the thing again. One look had been enough. (
One touch of the yellow hair, one glimpse of1
that fair skin faintly dotted with freckles.

  He knew vaguely what he had to do now.
The same thing he’d done a lot of other nights.;
Look for Flora. Only this time he wouldn’t;
be expecting to find her higher than a kite,
making the rounds of the joints with five or
six men. He’d be looking for the rest of her
body. It had to be somewhere.

  And when he found it, he might find evi-.
dence enough on somebody else to make it all
right for him to yell copper.

  But not until. Eddie knew enough about
circumstantial evidence to know that he’d be
everybody’s choice for the most likely suspect..
A clear conscience doesn’t do you any good
at all. Not if the court thinks you’re guilty.

HE DROVE to the apartment to shave and
change clothes, trying desperately to
think straight with his aching head. One
thing was for sure. Somebody had killed Flora
and was trying to frame him.

  But Eddie hadn’t any desire to burn for a
murder he didn’t commit. There wasn’t any

By DOROTHY DUNN

<71
72

DOROTHY DUNN

special reason why he should want to go on
living, he told himself. He didn’t have a
helluva lot to look forward to, but he kept
thinking of little things he liked about being
alive. He got a kick out of the goofy fares he
ran across; he liked the thick flapjacks he
got at the diner with the hunks of hard butter
melting under the syrup; he liked to walk up
Randolph Street on his night off and maybe
take in a movie; he liked big steins of beer
in the summer and the free concerts in Grant
Park. Not much to live for, but it was his
life and he liked it.

  Something else was important beside saving
his own skin. Somebody had killed Flora and
they ought not to get away with it. It was a
lousy thing and made him burn deep inside
with a longing to get his hands around the
killer’s throat and give him a dose of his own
medicine.

  He thought about Flora as he snaked the
cab through the heavy traffic to his apartment
on the south side. He didn’t have much real
feeling left for her. He’d loved her plenty in
the beginning, like all these other guys did
now. Some dames are like that. They got
hearts so big they can always find room for
one more. And that’s a good kind of woman
to be crazy about, but it’s hell to be married
to one.

  You get to watching out for her like you
would a kid, because she’s not too bright about
the company she keeps. You quit being jealous
after a while and just hope she won’t get onto
reefers or something really bad. You let her
take the job at Whitey’s playing the piano.
And you hope it’ll do her good. But it doesn’t.
Too many guys come in there that fall for her.
It makes it easier to keep track of her, though.
You know it’s always from Whitey’s that she
started out and that makes it simpler to pick
up her trail if you have to go out looking for
her.

  So when she gets killed, you don’t ciy your
eyes out. But you do start remembering her
round white arms, her full red lips, and the
way she always had a smile for everybody,
including you.

  Eddie remembered how warm her hands
always were, how full of love and excitement.
She had led him a dog’s life, sure. But there
hadn’t ever been any other woman for him,
and he’d hunt out her killer if it was the last
thing he ever did.

   And it’ll probably be that, he thought grimly
as he climbed the stairs to their two-room
apartment. Especially if I have to tangle with
Barney Emmett. Whitey was right—nobody
ever had any luck getting the goods on that
guy—not even the cops. He had an organiza-
tion that made Capone’s old gang look like a
bunch of boy scouts. And Barney had been
seeing Flora pretty often. He was in Whitey’s

placg nearly every night. In fact, since Flora
had gone to work there, Barney had prac-
tically taken over at the small tavern. Eddie
more, just thinking about that big jutting jaw
and the thick, selfish mouth. Guys like that
shouldn’t be allowed to operate the way they
do. They get too smart, get to thinking they’re
like God. But Whitey was right. Try to buck
up against a thug like Barney! You know
better—you don’t know how you know—you
just do.

  Eddie snapped the lights on, noticing the
apartment was just the way it always was.
The rooms smelled musty and the Murphy bed
was folded up sloppily, the mattress sagging
where it had slipped out of the clamps. Flora’s
make-up things were scattered over the top of
the desk in the livingroom because there was
a better light there. Her mascara box was
open and she had left a stocking hanging over
the back of a chair. There was that choking
dust over everything, big gray rolls of it under
the heavy pieces of furniture where Flora
said it didn’t show anyway.

  He walked into the dinette and kitchen. The
breakfast dishes were still in the sink. His
cup was there and Flora’s with the lipstick
smear on one side and there was an egg shell
under the stove where Flora must have aimed
at the can and missed.

  Nothing looks different, he thought. He’d
half expected to see something changed to
show that Flora had broken her usual routine
on the day of her murder. But she must have
gone out like always, not expecting anything
to happen.

  Eddie put the bowling bag into the far cor-
ner of the closet, not knowing what else to do
with it. He couldn't keep carrying it around
in his cab. Just touching the leather straps
and feeling the weight of it, produced a quick,
slimy sweat on his skin.

  He took a warm shower and then went back
to the closet to get his good suit, the double-
breasted brown that Flora had liked. He tried
not to think of the grisly thing that was there
in the dark corner of the cubicle. He won-
dered if he would shudder like this every time
he opened the closet door.

  He put his old suit on the hanger—funny—
he didn’t have to squeeze all the clothes back
to get it on the rod—there seemed to be more
room. Then his eyes really focused on the
interior.

  Flora’s clothes were gone ! The fur coat,
her two evening dresses that she wore on spe-
cial nights at Whitey’s. The plain black tiling
that she wore so it always looked like a dif-
ferent dress, sometimes with a lace collar,
sometimes with beads, and sometimes with a
jewel belt. The green wool that she said made
her look hippy.

  All her clothes gone out of the closet. But
ONE LAST SONG FOR FLORA

73

no make-up things! That looked plenty queer
to Eddie. Flora would rather go off without
her dresses than without her mascara and
creams and powder. Not only that, the only
suitcase they had was still on the closet shelf,
and it was empty. Eddie looked.

 SPHERE was only one answer. Flora hadn’t
 packed those clothes herself! Somebody
 else had run the risk of coming here and leav-
 ing with a suitcase full on the day she was
 murdered and cut up into pieces.

    He switched off the lights and went out the
 back way onto the concrete porch and down
 the back steps to the janitor’s apartment.
 Maybe Albert had seen somebody around.

    Albert came to the door looking comfortable
 with a pipe in his mouth.

 “Hello, Mr. Henderson. What’s on the bum
 now? I fixed that stopped drain last week.”
 “Yeah, I know. Thanks, Albert Say, did
 you see anybody around here today?”
 “Always see people around. Dozens. Who
 you mean?”

   “Up at my place. Did you happen to notice
 anybody going up there or coming out?”
 “Don’t believe so,” said Albert, wrinkling
 his shiny black brow with the painful process
 of thought. “Nope, don't recall seeing anybody
 around your place. Your wife out helling
 around again, Mr. Henderson?”

   “That’s none of your damn business 1”
 flared Eddie.

    “Now wait a minute,” soothed Albert in his
 gentle drawl, “I didn’t mean to go stickin’
 my nose in where it don’t belong. Didn’t mean
 that at all. But it’s no secret in this building
 about what kind of a life Mrs. Henderson
 leads you. You’re a hard-working, steady sort
 of man and it’s a shame what you have to
 put up with. I just asked because if there’s
 ! anything I can do. . . .”

    Eddie gave him a crooked grin, sorry that
 ihe’d blown his top. Hell, he couldn’t count
 ! the times that the good old coon had come out
 : to help him get Flora up the back stairs.

    “Sorry, Albert, I’m just on edge. You sure
 j you didn’t notice a man around the building
 1 with a suitcase?”

   “With a suitcase? Yes, now that you men-
 ; tion it, Mr. Henderson. But not up at your.

 I place. He passed me in the lobby about two
 ! this afternoon.”

    “Why didn’t you say so!” yelled Eddie.
 “You didn’t say suitcase. Besides, he wasn’t
 i <;oming out of your apartment when I saw
 j him. Just down in the lobby. Maybe that’s
 j not even the one.”

 ; “What did he look like, Albert?”

 | “I hardly noticed. Big heavy-set iellow
 with thick lips, dark hair, I think.”

   Barney Emmett! Those lips always stuck
 ! out. Albert would have turned white if he’d

 realized that he had just put the finger on the
 big shot hood himself.

   “Well, thanks Albert. So long.”

  “That the guy you want?”

   “Maybe. Take it easy,” said Eddie.

  He climbed into his cab and drove toward
Whitey’s place. He had to find the rest of
Flora and then find her kiHer. And when
you’re looking for Flora, it’s always Whitey’s
that you start out from.

   But he didn’t get far. A black sedan shot
out of a side street, half a block from his own
apartment and nosed his cab to the curb.

   “What the hell. .. ?” muttered Eddie, star-
ing into the muzzle of an automatic.

   “Climb out, hacker. Somebody else is doing
the driving tonight. Crawl into the back seat
of the sedan and see what it feds like to be
a customer.”

   Eddie turned his eyes toward the car. There
were three men inside in addition to the
bruiser that was holding a gun on him.
“Gonna make trouble. Bud?”

   “No, ’’said Eddie, getting into the car. “I
guess I’ll mind. Where we going?”

  “He wants to know where we’re going!”
the big man with the gun said. The others
laughed nastily.

  Eddie shut up then. Punks! Just a crowd
of punks out on a routine pick-up job and
trying to have a little fun on the side scaring
him. Well, he wasn’t scared. If Barney Em-
mett wanted to see him, it saved him the
trouble of looking for Barney.

  He fished out a cigarette. The man with
the gun tensed.

  “Mind if I smoke?” asked Eddie.

  “Go right ahead. The smell of it don’t
bother me none,” quipped the guy in a falsetto.
“But you’re a real gentleman to ask first!
They laughed at that, too.

  “Thanks, Sweetheart,” mumbled Eddie,
wishing he could take one good poke at this
smart-pants.

  Eddie noticed that the gunman relaxed as
soon as he had blown out the match. A clown,
but he tended to business.

   They pulled up in an alley off State Street
and it was Eddie’s turn to laugh. They were
parked in back of Whitey’s Place!

   “Barney took some extra trouble,” he said.
“I was on my way here anyhow.”

   “For pleasure, maybe. But this ain’t gonna
be no pleasure. Go into the back room, Bar-
ney’s there.

  They patted him to make sure he didn’t
have a gun, then they opened the door and
pushed him inside. They didn’t come in with
him.

T> ARNEY had the room to himself. Whitey
** always let some of the boys play cards
back here and drink. Eddie could just picture
74

DOROTHY DUNN

Barney throwing his weight around, telling
Whitey to get those bums outta there so he
could have the room for some private business.
He might pay Whitey something for the
money he'd lose on the room, and he might
not—more likely not. Guys like Barney got
what they wanted because everybody knew
what would happen if they didn't shell out on
demand.

  Eddie saw the gun on the table close to
Barney’s hand, but he didn't care. He was
glad he was here, glad to be facing the man
who must have killed Flora.

  “Hello, Barney. Nice night for murder.”
  “Shut up!”

   “All right,” said Eddie. "You talk.”
   Barney picked up the gun.

  “This does my talking for me. Where’s
Flora?"

  “You ought to know,” said Eddie. “You
took her clothes out of the apartment. ”

  Barney slapped out with the gun butt,
scraping Eddie’s cheek. His thick neck was
red and he was puffing like an angry bull.

  “So the black boy did recognize me! But
I didn’t ask about that. I said, ‘Where's
Flora ?’ If you don’t tell me. I'll choke it out
of your skinny neck. Hurry up, Henderson!
;You knew she was leaving you for me. Now
what did you do to her?"

  Barney’s hot breath was right in Eddie’s
face and the look in the man’s eyes was almost
insane.

  “I didn’t do anything to her,” snapped
Eddie. “And I didn’t know she was leaving
me. I don’t think she was.”

  “Where is she?” asked Barney again, his
shoulders slumping a little.

   “I don’t know,” said Eddie.

  Something was wrong. Eddie could feel
that. Barney wasn’t putting on an act. If he
killed Flora, why should he keep asking where
she was? But if he hadn’t killed her, why
would he be so excited? You don’t look the
way he looked just because some dame you
like doesn’t show up for a few hours.

   “Henderson if you lie to me. I’ll blow your
brains from here out to Michigan Boulevard!
What’s happened to Flora?”

   Eddie decided it was time to level off.
   “She’s dead.”

  He expected Barney to lash out at him
again, but nothing like that happened.

   “It’s hers then,” he mumbled foolishly. “By
God, I thought it was, but I had to make
sure! ”

   Eddie’s heart beat faster.

  “What’s hers? What Barney?”

  “This.”

   Barney slid a candy box across the table to
Eddie. Inside was a hand.

   Eddie’s stomach turned over and he flopped
the lid down.

  “Some damn fool mailed that to me,” said
Barney in a flat, cold voice. “You wouldn’t
pull "a trick like that, would you, Henderson?”
Eddie looked into the murderous eyes.

  “No, I wouldn’t. But if you didn’t kill her,
Barney, we’re looking for the same man.
Somebody gave me a present today, too.”
“Yeah?”

  “Yeah—the head.”

  “My God!” said Barney. “You thought I
did that?”

  “That’s what I thought. You took her
clothes out in a suitcase.”

  “She left a message for me to pick them
up. Said she was leaving you and I should
get them. That’s all there was to that. Hen-
derson, if it’s the last thing I do I'll find the
lousy rat that did this and tear his heart out
with my bare hands! Did you call the cops?”
“No.”

  “Good. We can do it quicker ourselves.”
  “You mean pull together?” asked Eddie.
  “Have a drink, Henderson.”

  Eddie tipped the bottle up to his lips. He
believed Barney and said so with his eyes.

  The big man heaved a long sigh and dug
at his cheeks with his meaty hand.

  “I loved Flora, Hnderson. That’s a hell of
a thing, but there it is. I loved her too damn
much and somebody knew that! ”

  Eddie looked the other way. Barney Em-
mett, the toughest man in Chicago, had tears
in his eyes.

  It was four o’clock in the morning. The
back room at Whitey’s was filled with a blue
haze of smoke and the damp malty odor of
too much alcohol breath breathed into an al-
most airless room.

  Cass Edwards and his three worthless
friends were there being worked over by
Barney. Eddie hated all four men. They had
money, they were supposed to be from qual-
ity. Cass Edwards, especially. Yet they hung
around a place like Whitey’s, drunk all the
time, and they had often taken Flora off on
their slumming trips. Eddie considered them
the worst degenerates in the book. They
weren’t satisfied to go to hell themselves.
They wanted to take other people along.

T>ARNEY slapped Cass again, his heavy
fingers leaving big red streaks on the
weak face.

  “For God’s sake, Barney!” Cass whim-
pered, “I’ve told you all I know.”

  “You said you got a package this afternoon.
Special delivery. What was in it?” Barney
yelled.

  “I’ve told you. A hand—a human hand.”
  “Flora’s? Her right hand?”

  “I don’t know,” mumbled Cass. “It looked
like hers.”

  “And what did you do with it?”
ONE LAST SONG FOR FLORA

75

   “I told you that, too. Your man is out look-
ing for it now.”

  “That doesn’t matter! Tell me again!”
Eddie wondered what kind of a torture
method this was. Cass was desperate.

  “I threw it down a manhole,” he repeated.
“Oh Dearborn Street off Randolph.”
“Why?”

  "Oh, for God’s sake, Barney, let up!” .
  "Why?”

  Cass broke then.

  “What the hell did I want to keep it for?”
he yelled, “What good is a dead hand?”
That did it. Barney jerked Cass up out of
his chair and dragged him over to the table.
He called to the down, the gunman that had
picked Eddie up in the sedan.

  “Hold this right here,” Barney instructed.
The clown looked as happy as a lark as
he held the right wrist of Cass Edwards flat
against the wood.

  Eddie got a little sick when he heard Cass
scream with pain every time the gun butt came
down. It was a relief when he fainted. Every
bone in his right hand must have been crushed.

  “That’ll show him,” rasped Barney, breath-
ing like an ox, “That’ll show him what good
is a hand!”

  Eddie didn’t like Cass Edwards, but he
couldn’t stand much more of this. Barney was
letting his emotions take over, he was acting
crazy. He hadn’t got to be the biggest man
in the Chicago rackets this way.

   Cass was crying like a baby.

  “Why don’t you just kill me?” he screamed
at Barney. He was hysterical.

  “I’m going to,” said Barney in his coldest
voice, “As soon as I check your story.”

  Just then Alex, one of the gunmen, came
in with a wet-looking cigar box.

  “Here it is, boss. I had one helluva
time. ...”

  “Who asked about your troubles?” asked
Barney, cutting him short. He took the box
and looked inside. He closed it quickly. Then
he placed it on the table beside the other cigar
box that had been mailed to him. The bowl-
ing bag was there, too. Barney hadn’t lost
any time sending to get it.

.“I told you it would be there,” said Cass,
rocking on the floor, cradling his broken hand..
“Now, can I see a doctor?”

  “Yeah,” said Barney. “You’ll need one.”
The shot was a thundering blast in the back
room, and the smell of cordite curled up into
Eddie’s nostrils along with the stale air.

  Barney put the gun back on the table with-
out batting an eye.

  “He shoulda had more respect for Flora
than to pick a sewer,” he said. “Now we got
to find the rest of her body. Alex!”

  “Yes, boss?”

  “No you’re too dumb. Monk, come here.”

  “Yes, Barney?” The clown stepped up.
“Check the morgue again, the police blotter.
You can do all that through Daly. I want that
torso! Flora’s going to have a decent funeral
in a casket. It’s not right. ...”

  He broke off, knowing he was giving out
with too much sentiment. Monk went out.

  “You got any ideas, Henderson? Any other
guys we can pick up who might know some-
thing? What about that janitor?”

  “Not a chance,” said Eddie, thinking of
Albert’s round, gentle face. “Flora left the
house alive. We know that. You’ve traced her
movements as far as Whitey’s, or almost.”
“Yeah,” said Barney thoughtfully. He
took a long drink, draining the bottle. “The
clerk in the drug store saw her at eleven
o’clock this morning, and it was just a little
after noon time that she was killed. Had to
be. The package was delivered to me by four.”
Eddie almost had a thought right then, but
it didn’t quite come clear.

  “I’d like a drink,” he said suddenly. “My
head feels a little foggy.”

  “Okay,” said Barney. “Go get a couple of
bottles, Henderson. And Alex! Clear out
this mess of society trash. No wonder we
can’t think straight.”

  “All of ’em, boss?”

  “Hell, yes! They saw me trigger their pal,
didn’t they ? An automobile accident ought to
do it. You can fix that up, dumb as yon are.”

‘ETDDIE left the room in a hurry. He was
scared now. Scared all the way down to
his heels and sicker inside than he’d ever been
in his life. Barney wasn’t human. He was
some kind of monster, operating the deadly
machinery of murder the way an ordinary
business man does a day’s work. He could
see why people didn’t try to cross Barney,
why they couldn’t He could even understand
why the cops couldn't touch him. Nobody
could touch him and live!

  Eddie should have gone to the cops in the
beginning. He knew that now. He’d been a
damn fool to let Barney take over the job of
finding Flora’s killer. The man was a maniac,
and Eddie would have felt a lot safer in the
death house than he felt right now,

  Whitey was leaning on the bar, sulking.
  “Barney wants two bottles,” said Eddie.
  Whitey got them down.

  “He say anything about paying for them?”
  “No,” said Eddie.

  “He never pays!” moaned Whitey. “He
laps up more of my profit. ...”

  Eddie got out his wallet.

  “Never mind, kid,” said Whitey. “And
here. Take a slugger with me. I’m getting
tired of Dick Smithing out here. Barney’s .
orders! I can’t even see what’s going on in
my own back room. Sounds like torture.”
DOROTHY DUNN

  “It’s awful,” gulped Eddie, sliding his glass
back for more. Then all of a sudden it hit
him! The thought he’d almost had.

  “Whitey,” he said, “you’re a damn liar!”
  “What do you mean, kid?”

  “About Flora. You said she was in here
at four o’clock. She couldn’t have been. She
was dead then! ”

  Whitey’s face didn’t change its expression.
“Hell, Eddie. I'm sorry about that,” he
whispered, “Barney made me promise to say
that. He said he’d kill me if I didn’t. I
thought then that something had happened
to Flora that he was trying to cover up, but
you know how it is, Eddie. You don’t dare
cross Barney. Why, just look at what he’s
done to my business by coming in here! He’s
poison to have around a place. People get
scared off. And what can I do about it?”
Eddie was getting it now. Prize chump.
That’s what he had been. Prize idiot.

  “Barney killed Flora?”

  “Who else, Eddie? I’ve got a gun back here
if you want it, kid.”

“Thanks,” said Eddie. “Hand it over.”
Whitey obliged with a smile. The first smile
that Eddie had seen on his face for months.

  Eddie tucked it in his pocket and picked
up the bottles.

  “Call the cops, will you, Whitey? It’s time.
We’ll have the case all finished by the time
they get here.”

  “Sure, Eddie.” Whitey made for the phone.
Barney was alone in the back room again.
His men had gone out the back way with
Cass Edwards and his pals.

  “Took you long enough,” complained Bar-
ney, reaching for the bottles.

  “Can that line,” said Eddie.

  Barney didn’t get riled. He looked a little
tired. Eddie took the bottle he passed over
and asked casually: “Say, Barney. Who told
you that Flora was leaving me? Who gave
you that message to pick up her clothes?”
“Whitey.”

  “That’s what I thought,” said Eddie, his
mouth grim. “Whitey killed Flora!”

  Barney just sat there. “You sure?”
‘*Yeah,” said Eddie. “I’m sure. You didn’t
tell him to lie to me about Flora being in
here at four o’clock, did you?”

  “I didn’t tell him anything.”

  “Neither did Flora,” said Eddie. “Flora
didn’t leave that message for your Whitey
made it up. He wanted to place you at my
apartment with a suitcase, just in case some-
thing went wrong with his other frame.”
Barney was taking it easy in a slow burn.
“But why should Whitey kill Flora?”
“Because of you,” said Eddie. “He couldn’t
get rid of you without getting rid of Flora.
He hates you, Barney.”

 “Why?”

  “Because you’re hurting his business.
YoiiTe ruining it. He tried to play it smart
because he was afraid to cross you openly. He
tried to drive you off your nut by sending you
a piece of his hate in a cigar box. Then he
pulled me into it and Cass Edwards, thinking
one of us might polish you off for him. He
knew how to hit you where it hurt the most
He knew how you felt about Flora. And he
didn’t think I’d care. He thought Flora just
caused me a lot of grief.”

  Barney’s eyes were like glass now.

  “But you did care, didn’t you, Henderson?
You wanted to get the man who killed
Flora?”

  “That’s right, Barney. I did care. Not
as much as you maybe. But you don’t forget
Flora very easy once she gets under your
skin.”

  Eddie pulled out the gun.

  “Whitey gave me this to use on you,
Barney.”

  “ The hell you say 1 Leave it here, Hender-
son,” he said, picking up his own gun that had
already killed Cass Edwards. “This one's on
me! ”

  They went outside. Whitey wasn't behind
the bar. But they heard his footsteps beating
it down the cellar stairs, and they heard the
siren out in the street. Then the cops rushed
through the front door.

  Barney raced for the cellar and Eddie
stayed upstairs, listening to the shots and to
Barney’s shouted curses. Five shots. One
wasn’t enough for the rat that killed Flora.
Barney let him have five shots in succession 1

  The policeman stopped at the head of the
stairs beside Eddie.

  Eddie caught his arm and whispered to him:
“Barney Emmett is down there! You’ve
caught him red-hand committing a murder.”

  The cop’s face went white.

  “You can take him,” said Eddie. “He just
emptied his clip. One shot into Cass Edwards,
five into Whitey!”

npHEY took him. Barney Emmett, the terror

  of Chicago, was captured without a single
shot being fired. Eddie went down into the
cellar with them and Barney didn’t seem to
be sore at all. He certainly had been a sucker
for Flora. All he said was: “Well, Hender-
son, we nailed the rat that got her!”

  The right rat, too. There was no doubt
about that. They found the torso down there,
buried in a shallow grave. And they found a
bowling ball that didn’t have any bag to go
with it.

  And Barney Emmett? Eddie felt a little
bit bad about playing him such a dirty trick.
But hell, he told himself, Barney had it com-
ing if anybody did.
BLIND DATE WITH
THE DEVIL

By

JOHN BENDER

The water hit her with a
tremendous, ky blow.

What mad impulse made lovely
Marion Carter seek so desperately
the death which, so she believed,
would end the curse of murder
hanging like a sword above her
friends and kinsmen?

 SHE came alert abruptly, not knowing
 what had awakened her, her eyes wide
 and searching in the darkness. For long
 moments she lay, staring intently at the lighter
 patch of darkness which was the ceiling, then
 she tinned slowly to face the dock beside her
 bed. She could hear its rhythmic ticking, but
 could not see the time.

   The movement, slight as it was, tumbled
 her brain into the cloying whirlpool, and she
 thought with a quick despair, “No. . . I”

   She buried her face in the pillow, afraid,
 sobbing slightly and the sickness in her re-
 lented. But the clock began ticking more and
 more stridently. Her fear grew less. She flung
 back the covers and pushed her legs out over
 tiie floor.

   Her eyes, she found, could now distinguish
 more clearly the outlines of the room, though
 she thought vaguely that she could discern a
 light fog touching everything. All at once the
 heat of the narrow bedroom clamped down on
 her, and she struggled into her robe, shaking
 her long black hair back over the collar.

   From far off, as in a dream, she heard the
 low, long, mournful note of the fog horn on
 the Point. She stood there, shivering despite
 the first few flecks of perspiration that beaded
 her upper lip. And as the note of the fog horn

77
78

JOHN BENDER

slipped into the heavy silence of the night, she
knew what she must do....

  The clock ticked slowly, monotonously. And
yet it screamed her thought:

  Destroy yourself . . . destroy yourself . . .
destroy yourself!

  She laughed silently, lips bared wolfishly
over her teeth. If she were very silent, oh so
very silent, she could get down the long stairs,
she could race across the hill to the little
bridge. In grateful anticipation she could see
even now the dark and friendly waters of the
river beckoning to her. . . .

  It will be nice and cool and friendly. It will
cloak me in the soft secret comfort that I seek.

  She went to the door. Her head felt lighter
than she had even known it; her stomach flut-
tered slightly. She opened the door and stepped
outside into the long-carpeted, dimly-lit corri-
dor, casting an apprehensive glance in both
directions. No one. Thank God, she thought.
There'll be no one to stop me this time!

  As she hurried along the corridor and down
the winding stairs she recalled how Jan and
Roger had heard her the last time; she saw
again in her mind the flight along the narrow
road to the bridge where she had run till she
thought her heart would burst, trying to get
away from Roger’s swift pursuit. He’d caught
her, though; then there had been the burning
humiliation of being dragged back, a prisoner
in her own house; and the further humiliation
of being sick, so dreadfully, horribly, animal
sick. . . .

  The cold draft of air smashed her in the
face as she opened the big front door. Quickly
she hurried outside and closed the door softly
behind her.

  Free! Free!

  One slender hand pushed the long dark hair
back off her eyes. Catching her robe in the
other, she ran swiftly across the walk, unmind-
ful of the cold stone on her bare feet. In just
a few moments now, she would be at the river,
the lovely lonely river that would shelter her
forever.

  Her bare feet made a faint spattering sound
when she raced through the gravel driveway
to the road. Then she was outside on the high-
way. Fifty yards away, shimmering like pale
silver, was the river—to freedom.

  No one must stop me now! No one!

  She reached the bridge and caught herself,
breathing hard. And now that she had stopped
running, the hands began to clutch and claw
at her stomach. She feared that she would be
sick again, and hastened to the railing, where
she leaned for a moment, exhausted, her head
spinning dizzily. But, gradually, the rushing
water beneath her took on clarity; she could
make out the small ripples that caught the
moon and winked it back at her in a thousand
little sparkles.

  She slipped one long leg over the narrow
iron railing, pulled herself to a sitting posi-
tion,»and put both feet on the small ledge on
the far side. She took one long, final breath;
she released her hold on the railing.

  The water hit her with a tremendous, icy
blow. She felt herself strugging for support
it couldn’t give. Then all was a bottomless
darkness.

«I^ASY does it,” someone said.

        She sputtered and choked, then sneezed
violently.

  The man, bending down over her, took the
glass away and put it on a small table beside
the bed.

  He was big and clad in tobacco-brown tweed
slacks and a gay plaid shirt. When he stepped
away she saw that his hair and his eyes were
brown. For the rest, he was tall and spare,
with broad shoulders and a tan, lean face. The
sleeves of his shirt were rolled to the elbows;
his shirt was open at the throat. 'His hair
seemed freshly wet. It dropped in small tight
ringlets on his tan forehead.

  His smile was warm and friendly. She felt
no fear at being here with him. She felt very
little of anything, not even relief. Without a
word she looked about the room—at the mas-
culine, severe furnishings, at the heavy-quilted
coverlet that was tucked up to her chin. She
touched her hands against her nakedness, and
the slight movements brought a further sting-
ing sensation to her nose. She sneezed again.

  “Good way to catch cold,” the brown young
man said. “This isn't the time of year for
moonlight dips.”

  “Why—” she started. The word loosed a
flood of tears. She turned her dark head to
the clean, crisp-smelling pillow, startled that
she should be crying.

  “Get rid of it,” he said. “All of it. I’ll be
back later.”

  When he returned, she’d got control of her-
self. She felt a trifle dizzy, but the queerness
was gone from her stomach and her nose.

  “Perhaps you'd better sleep,” he said.
“Would you like to. Miss—”

  She didn’t supply the name. But she real-
ized dully that she would have to, sooner or
later. He would be another one.... Why, oh
why, must all these people intrude upon her.
Why couldn’t they let her alone?

  “Miss—” he asked again.

  She said, “Carter. Marion Carter,” and
watched for flares of recognition to light with-
in his eyes. But his tanned, not unhandsome
face did not change. The name was not
familiar to him and she was indeed quite
thankful.

  “You—you haven’t told anyone, have you?”
she asked.

  “About what?” His grin was wide and free.
BLIND DATE WITH THE DEVIL

79

“About a silly girl who went swimming at this
time of year?”

  She found the tug upon her lips was a
smile. He’d dropped the subject so neatly and
emphatically. Conversation was almost easy.
“Is this your house?” she asked.

   “Lock, stock and mortgage,” he told her.
“No one will bother you—I’ll see to that.
After you’re rested, I’ll drive you home. A
good night’s sleep will do wonders for you.”
He went away, and she listened to his fading
footsteps outside. She looked around the room
once again. But she could not keep her mind
busy enough—she had to think of the bridge
and the cool, swift-flowing river. He must
have seen her and jumped in after her. Ab-
ruptly she shuddered, recalling the water
sweeping over her.

   Why, why, she asked the ceiling, must she
be touched by death ? She was not always in-
tent on it—only at occasional moments. Why ?
Oh, God, why? What sinister force took con-
trol of her mind and body, and in those awful
moments made her want to destroy herself?
Now, as once before, she was appalled by what
die had almost done.

   For she knew she did not really want to die.
She’d had enough of it, with Harry’s death.

   Abruptly she sat up in the strange bed, the
sudden thought setting her heart to a thun-
derous pounding:

   Had she killed Harry ?

fPHE young man's name was Duncan Mac-
Clure—even though he spoke without a
burr. He was twenty-seven, an artist when he
needed money, and a year or so ago had been
chasing Jap Zeros in a stubby Gruman out
over the blue Pacific. He had been discharged
before the war was finished, without benefit of
points, for there were in him odd pieces of
Japanese-made metal that caused peculiar
pains. Recently, though, the doctors had
prospected with success and found the alien
lode, so that within a month or so he would
be fit and well again, ready to pick up his
brush and palette with more result than he had
in the recent past.

   “And that,” he said as they drove toward
Idlewood, “brings you up to date on me. Ex-
cept for the little house. A friend of a friend
of a friend got it for me.”

  “You were lucky,” Marion said. She was
glad to talk of simple things like wars and
housing situations in the clear and dripping
morning sunlight, for she didn’t have to go too
far into her mind to get the necessary thoughts
and words. Her sentences came as easily as
her clothes had come, when this strange
young man had pointed to a closet and told
her to use what she wanted. What hSd he
said? Oh, yes. “Some of the things belong to
my sister—some were left by models. . .

   Marion drew in great lungfuls of the fresh
crisp Connecticut morning. It was so good to
be alive—

   But with that thought, the memory of last
night and all its horror returned, clamping her
with its cold wet hand. It gripped her during
the rest of the ride. When the coupe pulled
up the long gravel driveway of Idlewood, she
found it almost impossible to stop trembling.

   She was afraid. . . . The terror she asso-
ciated with this rambling country mansion re-
turned with a strange insistence. She was
afraid of Jan and Roger and Mr. Billing. It
all had to do with the last time, when she’d
overheard Roger — Jan’s recently-returned
young man—saying that the shock of Harry’s
death was too great a blow for Marion’s mind
to handle. . . .

   As they stopped in front of the house, the
front door opened and a girl came out to stand
on the short flight of stone steps. She bent
her blonde head forward, peering into the car.
Seeing Marion, she came quickly down the
steps, her shapely legs flashing in the sun-
light.

  “Marion!” she cried. “Oh, Marion, dear!
I’m so glad you’re all right. We were so wor-
ried about you!”

   They got out of the car. Though she shiv-
ered, Marion allowed her sister to embrace
her for a moment before she had to break
away. Janis was an impressionable young
girl, three years Marion’s junior, and had
always looked to her sister for guidance since
the death of their parents when they were little
girls.

   After she had disentangled herself from her
sister’s embrace, Marion introduced Mac.
“Mr. MacClure is almost a neighbor, Janis.
He—he lives over in that little cottage near
the water.”

   “How nice,” Janis said. She really was not
interested in him, and Marion felt embar-
rassed. But Duncan did not seem to mind in
the least.

  “Wherever did you go last night, Marion?
Mr. Billing and Roger and I didn’t know what
to think. We called the police, but they said
they never investigate a missing person case
until at least twenty-four hours go by. Marion,
you frightened us so. Where—”

   “Yes, indeed, young lady. What’s the mean-
ing of scaring us out of our wits ? You ought
to be spanked !” There was laughter, or the
hint of it, at least, in Joseph Billing’s boom-
ing voice. He was a huge man, given to loud
ties, but his benevolent ogreish manner did
not fool Marion for an instant. He was an-
other one of them. He’d been Harry’s lawyer;
he was staying here now to settle the estate.
She had known him since she was quite a
small child.

  Nervously, she looked to Duncan, a mute
80

JOHN BENDER

pleading in her eyes for him not to reveal
what had happened.

  He grinned quickly. She heard Duncan say,
“Why, I don’t know what you folks are rais-
ing such a ruckus about. Marion and I went
down to New York last night and did the town
up properly. I guess neither of us thought
about phoning. My .fault.”

  She heard the quick intake of breath, saw
Janis looking at her with horror on her pretty,
child-like face. Marion felt suddenly weak;
the fearful sickness threatened to return. She
looked at the queer, frozen expression Duncan
wore as he saw the effect of his words on these
people and the man who had come out of the
big house.

  “Really, Marion,” said Roger Southern,
hurrying past the others across the flagstones
to her, “you should have known better!”
Janis caught her fiance’s hand. She seemed
to cling to him for strength which Duncan’s
words had stolen from her.

  “That was pretty bad taste, Marion,” she
said. She turned, still holding Roger’s hand
and started for the house.

  “In a minute, dear,” said Rogers, and took
Marion’s arm solicitously. “Come along, now.
We’ll get you to bed.”

  Marion turned to Duncan. His face told her
that he was struggling to understand. She felt
a momentary twinge of pity, then again the
inner fear. She did not want to say what she
had to say, but perhaps it was best, to tell him
now and get him out of her mixed-up life. She
didn’t know; she didn’t know. If only she
could escape these scenes, these prying peo-
ple. . . .

  “I should have—told you,” she said testily
to him. Why did she hope suddenly that he,
he alone, would understand and help her?
“. . . you see, Duncan, it was not'the first
time—last night. It happened before—the day
that Harry was killed. He was my step-father.
He was buried yesterday. ...”

  “I’m sorry,” Duncan said. “If I’d known—”
“Of course, of course,” said Roger. “But as
Miss Carter’s doctor, I’d suggest we all get
inside, out of this treacherous weather.”

  The house was warmer, but the smell of
death, the smell of flowers and an aged musti-
ness, clung everywhere. Marion wanted only
to be alone, away from these people. She felt
suddenly very tired, even though she had slept
well in Duncan’s tiny, hat-box of a house. . . .

  Last night. . . . Could she ever forget that
nightmare? Or—did she really want to for-
get it? At least when she was like last night
there were no silly scenes like the one just
acted out.

fPHE queer little man with the funny brown
shoes sat in a chair in the corner of the hall-
way. He rose as they came toward him and

shuffled his battered hat quite foolishly in his
haads.

  He peered owlishly at Marion. “Back, eh?
Good thing.” He had a gold-filled smile which
did nothing for his personality. “Had these
folks mighty worried, Miss Carter.”

  When no one introduced him, he took care
of it himself: “I’m Hamilton Pine, Police De-
partment,” and flashed a badge.

  “Now, see here, Pine,” Roger Southern
said.

  “Won’t take a moment, Doctor,” he said.
“When your folks called up last night, the sta-
tion police didn't pay much attention to the
call. Biit I figured I’d drop out here early this
morning just in case. You know, Miss Carter,
there’s still a few things we’d like to clear up
about Mr. Johnson’s death. And we’d like to
know that you’re available for questioning—”
“There’s nothing to clear up!” Joseph Bill-
ing inserted his hugeness between Marion and
the little detective. “The coroner’s inquiry
determined it was an accidental death.”

  Pine nodded. “So I heard. But I still got
my opinions, and the cornor isn’t in charge of
Homicide. Harry Johnson was shot to death
out in the woods. No witnesses. All we find
is a gun beside him. Anybody—even a woman
—could have plucked him off.”

  “Dammit, man, are you suggesting—”
“Look,” said Pine, “it's common gossip that
this Miss Carter has no great love for her step-
father since that time he breaks up her ro-
mance with that flyer fellow, last year. And
Miss Carter is also inclined to—er—” He
looked hard, searchingly at Marion—“go a
little out of her head at time.”

  “Pine, I’ll have your badge for libel!” Bill-
ing roared.

  Marion looked from the little man to Dun-
can, who was standing in the doorway, his
lean face splashed with shadows. There were
shadows in his eyes, too, she thought, as he
regarded her silently.

  The detective was still grinning when he
walked to the door, nodded at no one in par-
ticular, and sauntered out.

  Duncan said, “Perhaps—perhaps it would
be best if I called another time, Marion. I’ll
look in on you in a day or so,” and quickly
vanished from the doorway.

  Marion heard the roar of his car’s motor
in the drive. She was sure that she had seen
him for the last time. . . .

  Bright and early on the following morning,
Duncan MacClure proved her wrong; he ar-
rived with a bunch of wild flowers he’d picked
for her. And the next day, when the butler
announced him, Marion took a few minutes to
dab her cheeks and brighten her lips with lip-
stick. Duncan was gay and friendly and made
her feel so much better that she was amazed.
The third day he phoned, suggesting that
BLIND DATE WITH THE DEVIL

~ 81

she go riding with him. Marion found herself
eager for his company—to get away from the
house. The only relief throughout the days
was when she saw Duncan. Idlewood had come
to be unbearable, with its austere loneliness
and whispering shadows that hovered every-
where. She didn’t dare let her fears take shape
in her mind, but the battle was growing into
too great a one for her to carry done.

  She was ready a full ten minutes before
Duncan arrived. In the car, he said:

  "I’ve been doing a little snooping, Marion,”
and she felt the surge of fear in her breast.
“I’m sure I can help you,” he went on. “If
only you’ll let me.”

  “Really,” she pleaded. “There’s nothing
you can do—”

  “There must be!” His vehemence almost
took them off the road. “No girl as young and
pretty as you goes around trying to kick her
life away. Is it a man ?” he asked.

  Yes, she thought, it is a man. A man named
Harry Johnson. He is dead, and maybe I
killed him. I don’t know, I don’t know. Don’t
drag it out into the open, Duncan, please.

  She caught herself in time “No, it’s not a
man, Duncan. I don’t know why I—”

  “But there must be a reason why you’ve
tried twice to kill yourself, Marion.”

  They were in the village now, the quiet,
quaint old New England village, with its
funny, scattered shops and silent people. He
stopped the car, in front of a combination
blacksmith shop and garage. “Why don’t you
try telling me about it?”

  Suddenly she found herself talking:

  "I don’t know how to describe it, Duncan.
It’s as if there were a voice inside of me,
telling me to destroy myself. Both times I’ve
been alone, at night. I wake up, only it’s as if
I’m still asleep and dreaming. A nightmare.
There’s a haze, like a faint fog—it suffocates
me. Everything and everyone is too much to
bear—I want to get away from the death-
smelling house, from my room, from Jan and
Roger and Mr. Billing. I’m—I’m afraid of
them. . . . This voice tells me that the river is
my only friend and that I should go there. It’s
so awfully hard to think, Duncan. There’s

?nst this voice—which is not a voice, really,
know—and the queer feeling in the pit of
my stomach, as if I’m going to be dreadfully
skk.” Her voice was less controlled; she
found the sobs were crowding into the words.

  “But why?” he asked. “Why? Did Harry’s
death mean so much to you ?”

  “It was a shock. I respected him, and he’d
been awfully good to Janis. and me. He’d
saved me from making a fool of myself over
some man who was infatuated with my
money—”

  “I’ve talked with Pine. He seems to think
that was why you hated Harry Johnson.”

  “But I didn’t hate him,” she sobbed.

CHE stopped, feeling peculiarly uneasy. Her
^ stomach fluttered slightly; her nostrils
quivered against the odor which was sicken-
ing her.

  “Ugh!” She sniffed. “That smell____Let’s

get away from here, Duncan. I can’t stand
it—reminds me of the warm, suffocating odor
the nights when. . . .”

  He sniffed, too, then looked into the black-
smith shop. A drift of the odor moved lazily
on the faint breeze. “He must be having
trouble with his draft in there. You’re right,
it is awful.”

  They drove back to Idlewood in silence,
where Janis, Roger and Mr. Billings were
having tea. Duncan declined an invitation to
join them, but finally promised to come to
dinner that evening!

  Marion walked to the door with him, not
wanting him to go. She knew she’d be afraid
without him. She was hardly prepared for
the way he wrapped his strong, tweed clad
arm around her and drew her close. His lips
searched briefly, found hers, and was gone.

  She was more upset by Duncan’s quick em-
brace than she had been by his telling her
that he had been asking questions in the vil-
lage. And she was far from happy that Janis
had insisted he come back for dinner.

  Janis stopped at her room that night, to
see if she were ready to go down for dinner.
Marion hadn’t dressed. She was lying across
her bed, clad in her faded blue bathrobe.

  “Really, Marion!” Janis said. “I thought
you’d be all excited about tonight.”

  Marion closed her eyes tightly, to keep
her fear from showing. “I’m not coming
down. I don’t want—”

  “But darling, you must!” Her younger
sister’s voice held the softest note of sympathy.
“I wouldn’t have invited him—”

  "Stop it, Jan! I don’t want to see him, do
you hear!” She flung her face into the pro-
tective shadows of the pillow, sobbing.

  Janis’ hand found her shoulder, comforting-
ly. “Marion, you can’t make me believe what
you’re saying.”

  “Jan, oh, Jan,” Marion sobbed. “I can’t see
him again.”

  "But, darling, why?”

  "You must know,” Marion said fiercely. A
mirthless smile became a snarl upon her lips.

  “How can I think of loving anyone? Or
letting anyone love me? I’m not a normal
young woman—I'm Marion Carter, don’t you
remember? The girl the police think killed
her step-father!”

 “But—”

  “No, let me finish.” She grew calmer now,
btit since she had started talking, she was no
longer afraid to say what she had to say.
82

JOHN BENDER

“Twice I’ve tried to kill myself—you know
that. Well, what assurance do I have that I
won’t try to do it again ? How do I know I—”
Her eyes grew larger at the sudden contem-
plation which rose to plague her— “How do
I know that one of these strange spells won’t
come over me, and make me kill, not myself—
but Duncan. Or you ... or Roger—"

  “Stop it, Marion! Stop it I” Her younger
sister’s hand lashed out and caught her across
the face, leaving the reddened imprint of her
fingers on the whiteness of the skin. “You're
not going to help yourself like this! You’re
not going to kill anyone. Do you hear me?”
Tenderly, Janis placed her arm around her
sister's shoulder. “You’ve got to snap out
of it. Come on, now. Be a good girl ”
Marion felt weak. Spent by her outburst,
she meekjy found herself submitting, when
Janis helped her dress. But even then, she
felt a chilling trepidation. How long had it
been now since she had tried to kill—

  She tried to banish the thought.

  When she was just about to leave, Mary,
the maid, came in to lay a few chunks of coal
beside the fireplace.

  “I’ll just take the chill off your room. Miss
Marion,” the maid said.

  Marion thanked her and went on down-
stairs. She was just in time to meet Duncan,
arriving. His mouth opened in frank ad-
miration of her loveliness; he whistled softly.

  He grinned, then, and said something like,
“Hubba, hubba,” she thought. He came for-
ward as if to take her in his arms.

  The others were in the library, sleek and
comfortable-looking in their evening clothes.
Roger, impeccable as ever, wore a splash of
colored, lapel decorations he’d acquired in
the war. Drinks were served, and Marion
found Duncan watching her queerly.

She felt uncomfortable as if something were
going to happen at any moment
Was this to be another night of horror ... ?
Just after dinner, when they were having
their coffee and liquer, Duncan exploded the
bombshell. He held aloft his tiny glass.

  “A toast," he told the others gaily. He
looked at Marion for a moment, the ghost of
a smile in his eyes. His glass dipped to her in
a salute. “To the future Mrs. Duncan Mac-
Clurel"

fPHERE was a stir of excitement around the
room. Marion looked with startled eyes at
the faces there; they were looking to her for
confirmation. She saw Duncan’s glance, eager,
strangely, mutely pleading, and again the
surge of uneasiness filled her.

  “How nice,” Janis said finally. “How very
nice. She beamed from her sister to Duncan.
“Congratulations!”

  Then everyone babbled. She tried to speak

into the small sea of sound, but her voice was
swept away by Duncan’s next speech.

  “We intended to keep it a secret for a while
longer, but—” He grinned at them, though
the glance he gave Marion was secretive,
bidding her not to interrupt. His hand found
hers, squeezed it hard. “Well, fact of the
matter is, I’ll be leaving here shortly and
taking Marion with me—’’

  “Leaving?” Roger asked. “Where to?”
“I’ve got a commission to do some murals
in San Francisco.”

  Billing nodded heavily. “But need you two
just pack oif—”

  “It’s quite necessary," Duncan said firmly.
“It’ll take a good six months to do the work.”
He drew Marion to him, briefly, then made
apologies to the others for his sudden haste
in leaving. In the hall, he stopped her ques-
tions with a softly-laid finger on her lips.

  “I know I was rather abrupt, but you've
got to believe me. I love you. I want you to
marry me.” He grinned his pleasant, lop-
sided grin. “Don’t rush into it—if you want
time to think about it . .. I—I couldn’t resist
the chance to be dramatic in there—”

  “But Duncan, you don’t know me—you
don’t know what it’s like for me—"

  “I know this,” he said firmly. He kissed
her.

  “See what I mean ?” he said.

  Downstairs the clock struck three, in the
solemn booming notes that tore through her,
and she knew with one part of her mind that
she had been in bed for four hours now. She
had felt surprisingly fine after Duncan had
gone; she had gone to bed far happier than
she had been anytime since Harry had died...

  Had she slept, she wondered. She had no
recollection of a lapse of time, or the unaware-
ness that usually is associated with sleep. In
the darkness she had lain, listening despite
herself to the sounds the old house made, to
the creaking which told her that the house
was settling for the night.

  Am I alone, she wondered. . . .

  The question thrilled her immensely. It be-
came suddenly important that she find out if
there was anyone else in the big house. Hwrry,
she thought, I must hurry or they will find
me and put me bock in bed, and Roger will be
called, and he will give me a sleeping pill.

  Quickly she flung the covers away, and
leaped out onto the thickly-carpeted floor. She
moved quickly and lithely—unaware of her
strange beauty in the pale moonlight which
seeped into a corner of the room. Perhaps two
or three steps from the bed she stumbled but
did not fall.

  She remembered, only vaguely, the last
time—the time when she had almost suc-
ceeded. She remembered, but with a thick,
furry edge upon her thoughts, so that it was
BLIND DATE WITH THE DEVIL

less a memory than an instinct. Who had
stopped her . .. ?

  Crossing the room, she caught faint sight
of herself in the full-length mirror. For a
moment, a wave of weakness assailed her, and
she stood wavering in the darkness over near
the wall. On her quivering legs, she made
for the door, the first wave of sickness clutch-
ing at her. No, she thought, I must not get
sick I

  She turned the knob and stepped outside
into the corridor. There were no sounds in
the house. The long, carpeted corridor which
led to the staircase wore not a light.

   If only I don’t get sick. . . .

  Moving slowly, with almost exaggerated
physical attempts at silence, she reached the
stairs. It was growing clearer in her mind,
despite the nausea; she knew exactly what
she had to do, now. Outside, she could race
to the river. Even now she could see the
moonlight on the bridge and the water—the
cool, inviting water.

  Within a minute she had reached the front
door and was out through it. The night was
not very cold, but with the sickness in her she
felt a chill. Her heart was racing wildly, and
a reckless urgency made her move more quick-
ly. She felt the sharp ground.

  She was free! Free at last!

  “Marion 1"

  The voice chased her, then she heard the
footsteps pounding behind. A pair of arms
clamped about her; despite her struggles she
could not break free.

  “Marion! Stop it!” the voice commanded.

  She struggled all the more, now. She must
get to the river. She must!

  The hold on her relaxed momentarily. She
tried to twist away, but another person had
come up to hold her.

  “Take care of her,” she heard. “I’ll get
him.”. The voice moved away. “Bring her
inside. . .

  Against the rising sickness in her she was
helpless. She could fight no longer; quite
suddenly things began to whirl, and a cloak
of sudden darkness smothered her.

SPHERE was a faint slap, slap noise—a hand
-Spatting her cheek, Marion realized. She
tried to bring her eyes into focus and gradually
she was able to make out the figure of Janis
sitting next to the couch on which she lay.

  As from a distance Marion heard Duncan's
voice:

  “So that’s how it was. He used Adamsite
gas, which he picked up while he was still
in the Army. It’s a well known fact that
Adamsite will cause a temporary mental de-
pression, as well as a sickness physically, and
since it smells just like coal gas, no one would

ever guess that it was present. Marion was
upset over Harry Johnson’s death; it worked
making her try to commit suicide.”

  Hamilton Pine, who stood at the far end
of the room with Mr. Billings, said slowly:
“Then you think that’s how Johnson was
killed, too?”

  “Probably,” Duncan told him. “But I’m
only guessing there. I know he used it on
Marion. We caught him trying to get that gas
cartridge out of Marion’s fireplace!”

   “It was unbelievable, at first," Billings said.
Pine nodded slowly. “A new one on me.”
"It wasn’t so very unusual,” Duncan said.
“He saw a shortcut to a fortune by marrying
Janis. But he had to kill Johnson and then
get rid of Marion, so that Janis would in-
herit. ... I just speeded things up a little
tonight by saying that Marion and I were
going to be married—which would have put
another person in his way, you see. So he
had to act fast!’’

  Fully conscious now Marion realized they
had been talking about Roger! She looked at
Janis, saw the well of tears in her sister’s
eyes, saw a battered Roger Southern sprawled
in a chair where Pine could watch him.
“Marion!” Duncan had turned to her.
Things were spinning in her head. Roger—
a murderer! Poor Janis. . . . And from
somewhere came the horrible knowledge that
once again she, too, was alone—that Duncan’s
telling her he loved her was all part of the
weird affair. No wonder he’d made all that
show of affection: he’d been using her as a
bait in his trap!

   “Well, I’ve got it all straight, I think," said
Pine, nodding dubiously. To Roger he said,
“Okay, bo, let’s go—before I let Mr. Mac-
Clure work on you some more!”

  The little detective herded his prisoner out.
Then Janis and Billing left the room.

  Kneeling beside Marion, Duncan said soft-
ly, “We had a doctor with us too. He says
you’ll be all right, Marion. He’s gone to get
a car to take you to the hospital.” He paused.
"I'm sorry that Pine and I couldn't have
cooked up anything better—"

  “You were waiting outside tonight,” she
said dully, feeling that she must say some-
thing to hide her aching heart.

  “Yes, darling."

  Darling? Was it just a word?

  Something must have told him what was
going on inside of her.

  “Darling," he said again, this time much
more reverently. “A few days—a week at the
most—and you’ll be fit as a fiddle.” He grin-
ned, and touched her shoulder tenderly. “I’ll
need that much time, won’t I, to arrange for
the license and things. . . ."
 . DEAD MEN

        To the gilded playboys—and play gals—the Colony Plaza
        offered the height of luxury. But to one man, that fabulous
        chrome-and-plush hostelry was a maze of sheer terror, with
        'a corpse for every corridor, and at the last dead end—his

                            own lifeless body!

84
DON'T BLEED .

WILLIAM ROUGH

He whirled, snatched the razor off the
shelf, flicked it open.

CHAPTER ONE
Trail of the Hunted

SNIPS McGLYNN spotted Garvey, one of
the house dicks, and jolly Mr. Frazer
coming into tne barber shop of the swank
Colony Plaza Hotel at the same time. He
swung his chair—Number Eight—invitingly
to Frazer. Not that he had anything against
Garvey; it was just that Mr. Frazer, who was

reputed to own a flock of Mexican gold mines,
was a liberal tipper; and when a guy is plan-
ning on marrying a cute little manicurist like
Tillie Brady, he has to look at things like that.

  Snips saw Mr. Frazer give him the nod and
stepped back politely, glanced down the gleam-
ing shop to where Tillie’s fluffy golden head

85
86

WILLIAM ROUGH

was bent demurely over a customer’s hands.
She didn’t notice Snips because she kept her
mind on her work, and her nail file was brisk.

  Snips grinned happily, then stiffened. Lew
Polio, the shop manager, had seen him glanc-
ing at Tillie, and the dapper man’s dark eyes
glittered hotly. He danced forward, caught
Mr. Frazer’s plump arm and simpered, “Take
Number Four, sir.”

  Mr. Frazer shrugged amiably and pulled his
favorite gag. “Long and fluffy on top, bar-
ber, sheik style around the ears.” He was bald
as a golf ball.

  The barbers tittered politely. Not Snips.
His small, thin features were tight. His neat,
soft hands were knots at the sides of his
starched white coat. Lew Polio couldn’t fire
him because Snips rated the job, after three
years in the army; but Lew was trying to
make things so miserable that Snips would
quit. By rights, Snips rated Chair Three. Lew
had stuck him at the end on Number Eight,
sneering that a thin-haired squirt was bad ad-
vertising for any barber shop and Snips should
keep out of sight towards the back.

  Lew steered every good tipper away from
Snips, made dirty cracks and wasn’t even
above bumping Snips’ arm when he was shav-
ing someone and then hissing, “Butcher!”
But this was the blow-off. Snips started for
him. Lew wanted him to quit, so okay, he
would. But he’d do it up brown—he’d smash
Lew’s nose all over his olive-skinned puss.

  Hard fingers closed on Snips’ biceps. It was
the house man, Garvey. “Shave,” he grunt-
ed. “Snap it up!”

  It still wouldn't have been enough to stop
Snips, by itself; but just then Tillie finished
her party and looked up with a smile that was
all for him. That stopped him. He guessed it
would always make him catch his breath when
Tillie smiled for him. She was blonde, blue-
eyed, red-lipped, just five feet two and every-
thing that he wanted. If he lost the job, it
would take just that much longer to get to-
gether a nest egg for Tillie.

  He pulled his smarting eyes away from Lew
Polio, slung a bib around Garvey’s leathery
neck and stropped his razor, making the steel
“slap-slap” the leather viciously. He caught
himself. No use taking it out on the fine Swiss
steel. It was the keenest and best balanced
razor in the shop; a GI pal had picked it up
overseas for Snips. Snips hadn’t got out of
the country himself. He’d cut hair at Camp
Pickett all the time, which made him a little
bashful about wearing his discharge button.
He carried it in his wallet, though, just in
case anybody doubted him.

  He brandished the razor, blurted wildly,
“Wouldn’t I just like to get Lew Polio under
this!”

  “Huh?” Garvey’s shrewd eyes bored up at

him for_a second. Then Garvey laughed. It
was funny—then!

  Snips got Garvey out of the chair finally
and slid down the aisle to whisper to Tillie,
“Honey, that green smock makes you look like
a million.” Lew Polio’s glittering eyes fol-
lowed him every inch of the way, but the man
said nothing t:.Il he was on his way up to the
hotel to shave Gordon Maxe, a bigshot guest.
Then he stopped at Tillie’s table and hissed
something. Tillie’s eyes flashed wide. Her
soft mouth trembled. Snips knew that Lew
had made another crack of some kind. There
was only one thing to do: poke Lew and take
Tillie out of this shop!

  Snips would have raced after Lew and done
it right there, only he had someone in his
chair. He no sooner got rid of him than an-
other customer plopped down.

   Snips’ scissors clicked, his razor flashed, his
hands dug the customer’s scalp. While he was
working, the telephone rang. The shine boy
answered it, announced, “Fo’ Mist’ Garvey.
That Mrs. Lockridge Burnard on twenty-two
say a fight goin’ on outside her door.”

  Mr. Frazer whooped from under a hot towel,
“Hurry it up, son 1 I gotta be a knight to the
rescue of my lady fair!” He laughed like it
was a good one, and Snips recalled shop gos-
sip about the wealthy, widowed Mrs. Burnard
trying to buy a piece of Mr. Frazer’s gold
mines. She’d had her cap set for Gordon
Maxe till Mr. Frazer showed up, then she’d
switched to him.

  It didn’t mean anything to Snips. He
whisked the bib off his party and scooted down
to Tillie. “Hon, what did. Lew say fo you?”

  “Forget it, Snipsy.” But her smile was
tight.

  “You tell me!” Snips burst.

  "Don’t you order me around! We’re not
married yet!” Tillie flared. “Oh, all right,
then. He said he wants a date with me to-
night or he—he’ll give me notice.”

  Snips whirled.

  Tillie squeaked, “Snipsy, what are you go-
ing to doV

4<T>UST Lew’s nose and take you out of
here!” Snips yelled, shucking his white
coat, as he skidded back to his chair. He
slapped his razor into its case, shoved it into
his hip pocket; he knew he wouldn’t be work-
ing in this shop any more. He grabbed his
street coat, crammed his natty white Panama
hat down hard and charged through the door
that led up to the huge marble hotel lobby. He
was five feet five, a hundred and forty pounds,
but people got out of his way.

  Lew Polio would be finished shaving Gor-
don Maxe by this time and had probably
sneaked down to his own room for a drink,
or something. Snips barged into an elevator
DEAD MEN DdNT BLEED

87

cab, snapped, “Fifteen!” The elevator oper-
ator, Carl Pence, shuffled. “What you going
up there for, Snips?” He wore a natty blue
tunic and trousers, which failed to smarten up
his pimpled face and receding chin. Snips
ddin’t answer. His heels dug marks in the
luxurious carpeting when he sprang out on
the fifteenth floor. He got to Lew Polio’s
door and spanked it with tight knuckles.

  There was no answer and Snips shouted,
“I know you're in there! Open up!” He
grabbed the doorknob, rattled it. It gave. The
door opened—and, yes, Lew was inside, all
right. He’d be inside from now on—inside
a grave.

  Snips didn’t understand it right off. All he
saw was Lew’s crumpled figure on the floor.
Lew’s white coat was mussed and awry. His
dark eyes were wide open. His olive skin
was pasty.

  Snips was paralyzed for a second, then he
started forward. He didn’t try to dive, but
that’s what he did—headfirst into the floor.
The reason was that he was helped from
behind. By a sap, or something equally brutal.
It caught him behind the ear and he plunged
into blackness.

  Snips dreamed that Tillie was giving him
a manicure. He felt liquid nail polish on his
fingers. It wouldn’t dry right, it seemed, and
finally Tillie applied quick-drying fluid on top
of it with little cotton swabs and then, of all
things, put the cotton in Snips’ mouth.

  He sputtered, tried to spit it out. It clung
to his lips, and the liquid on his fingers still
didn’t dry; it got sticky.

  Suddenly he sat up and bleared at his hands.
He groaned. What was wrong with Tillie,
putting red polish on a man’s nails! Well,
that would come off quick. Snips swiped his
hands on his pants. The polish wasn’t dry, at
that, and wiped off easily. But it made sticky
streaks on the backs of his fingers and these
picked up cotton. There was cotton still in his
mouth, too, dam it. Snips blew, saw a piece
of it dance off his lips and float airily.

  He scowled. Who ever heard of a cotton
swab floating in the air? His eyes focussed,
then he understood: it wasn’t cotton at all; it
was a feather.

  Sure, there were feathers clinging to his
hands, too. Now where in heck had they come
from ?

  He tried to stand, slopped on his face. He
pushed up on hands and knees and smelled a
strong aromatic odor of some kind. He saw
where it came from—Lew Polio's white bar-
ber jacket. He couldn’t help seeing. His face
was only six inches from Lew now, and Lew
had red nail polish on his neck. Lots of red
nail polish, a crimson lake of it.

  “Mother Mary!” Snips burst and put all
hfe strength into pushing away. He fell back,

scrambled to his feet, lungs laboring. It wasn’t
mil polish on Lew Polio’s neck at all—it was
red,' red blood! It came from a gash that
made a semi-circle under Lew’s chin from
jawline to jawline. Someone had cut Lew’s
throat!

   Snips caught at the bed to keep from floun-
 dering. It seemed that there was no place to
 put his feet except in blood and feathers. The
 room was a shambles, as if a rugged fight had
 taken place, and the feathers came from a
 bursted pillow.

   They were strewn all over the carpet and
 furniture. The free ones swirled in the air
 currents, but the ones that had touched the
 red liquid, especially under Lew’s chin, had
 stuck and clung.

   Snips’ breathing stopped, then he gagged.
 He’d heard of men being tarred and feathered
 —Lew Polio was bloodied and feathered!

   Ships wanted out—fast! He lurched toward
 the door. Then he saw it. The razor beside
 Lew's body. His razor!

   Snips clutched at his hip pocket, but it
 wasn’t necessary. He knew that the razor
 couldn’t be in two places at the same time. If
 it was on the floor beside Lew, it couldn’t be
 in its case. Nor was it. Snips spied the case
 across the room. He felt numb. Lew's throat
 had been slashed with Snips’ own razor.

   The door crashed open behind Snips. Gar-
 vey’s gravel voice ordered, “Don't move,
 boy!” A second later, he grunted, “McGlynn,
 I'll be damned! You meant it when you said
 you’d like to cut his throat!”

   “No!” Snips screamed. “I didn’t! I didn’t
 mean it and I didn’t do it He was like that
 when I came in! Only his throat wasn't cut 1”

   “Hagh!” Garvey spat.

   Snips wailed, “Honest, Garvey! Somebody
 knocked me out and used my razor.”

   “You admit it’s your razor?” Garvey shot.

   “You’d find out, anyhow,” Snips gulped. “I
 had it in my pocket. I was going to quit
 working at the shop, so I brought it along."

  Garvey sandpapered a leathery cheek
thoughtfully. “That’s it, then. You came up
here to even things with Lew before you quit.
The room here says you had a good fight. He
started to get the best of you and you pulled
the razor.”

   ARVEY nodded, satisfied. Snips trembled.

    He was caught sweet. Garvey, or any cop
 for that matter, would swear he had motive,
 opportunity and the weapon. The best lawyer
 in the country couldn’t argue those away, even
 if Snips put himself in debt for years to hire
 one.

   Garvey said glumly, “Open and shut, dam-
 mit ! ”

   Snips’ brain whirled. Garvey once had run
 . his own detective agency but hadn’t made out.
WILLIAM ROUGH

He was biding his time as house dick here at
the Colony Plaza, hoping for a big case so
that he’d get his name in the pagers and be
able to capitalize on it and start up for himself
again.

  “Garvey!” Snips blurted. “Listen, if you
arrest me, the case'll be closed right away.
There won’t be any publicity for you at all.
But if you let me get away and then catch me,
it’ll be better for you. Honest to Gawd I won’t
run out on you. I’ll meet you anywhere you
say, just so I get a chance to find the guy
who really did this. Will you do it, Garvey?
Please!” •

  The house dick’s eyes flickered. Snips could
see that Garvey was weighing the proposition.

  “Honest, Garvey, I’ll keep in touch with
you!” Snips promised. “What brought you
up here, anyhow?”

  Garvey grunted. “Somebody called down
and said there was noise here. I didn’t hurry.
Had another call about noise from Mrs. Burn-
ard a while back and there was no sign of it
when I got to her floor.”

  “But there wasn’t any noise here,” Snips
cried. “Look! The furniture is turned over,
but it’s not broken. There wasn’t any fight.
Lew was out cold on the floor when I came
in and the room was okay. Somebody slugged
me, then made it look like there’d been a fight
and cut Lew’s throat. It must have happened
that way! Give me a fair shake, Garvey.”

  Garvey’s gun hand relaxed a little. He
frowned,’ still trying to make up his mind.

  “Please!” Snips pleaded.

  Garvey scowled, shook his head. “Nup.
Can’t do. I want a build up, not down. They’d
ride hell out of me for letting a squirt like
you lam.”

  Snips clenched his fists, opened his mouth
to argue some more. He closed it, felt his
shoulders sag. It was no use. He was licked.

  “No!” he yelled—and jumped Garvey.

  He was operating on instinct now. He’d
tried to use his head and it hadn’t worked.
His fists were all that were left. He wasn’t
big, but he was compact and wiry, and he had
strength in his wrists and forearms.

  Too. Garvey wasn't expecting action and
had eased up. There was more surprise than
pain in his first, “Oof!” as Snips’ left hooked
into his jaw.

  Snips felt his knuckles on the bone of Gar-
vey’s face, struck again. The house man spat
a curse, pulled back and slashed out with his
gun barrel. It raked Snips’ collar bone.

  Snips bleated in pain, felt himself careen
off balance and start down. He flung out both
hands, trying to grab Garvey anywhere. He
missed Garvey’s waist and chest, but his arms
were still out in a half circle when his knees
hit the floor. His soft, but strong, hands
scraped down Garvey’s thighs. Snips felt the

man’s legs getting thinner as he dropped his
hands. When he got to Garvey’s ankles, they
were thin enough to hang onto. Snips hung.

  Then he felt Garvey lurch. He yanked on
both Garvey’s ankles. Garvey spilled back-
wards. The floor shook as the house cop’s
beam hit it He howled and thrashed around.
Snips sent strength to his knees and came up.
He kicked just once, straight and true, and
sent Garvey’s .38 clunking across the room.
Then he made tracks.

  Out the door, down the corridor. Down the
first flight of front stairs. Around the cor-
ridor on the next landing and back to the serv-
ice stairs. Snips knew the hotel layout of old.
He was twisting and backtracking instinctive-
ly but driving ever closer to the ground floor
exits.

CHAPTER TWO

A Helping Hand

HPHEN it hit him: he’d started on the fif-
teenth floor. All Garvey had needed to do
was call the desk and warn the other house
cops. They’d be deployed in the lobby and
even at the rear of the hotel, and one of them
them would be outside wising up the patrol-
men in the vicinity. The second Snips put
foot outside, if he got that far, he’d be shot
at or slugged.

  He cowered on a staircase. He had to bide
in the hotel, at least till the hunt died down.
What else could he do?

  His breathing, he knew, was loud enough to
attract attention from anyone near him. He
tried to stop it, control it, but it was no good.
By a miracle, his white Panama hat hadn’t
slid off through it all; it was because he didn’t
have much hair and he always pulled it on
tight. He took it off now, held it over his
mouth to cut down the wheeze of his lungs.
It didn’t help.

  “They think I’m on the way down!* he
panted. “I’ll go «^!”

  He reversed his field, pumped back up the
stairs. One flight. Two flights. He was back
on twelve again. There was no thirteenth
floor in a hotel, so the next one was numbered
fourteen. Snips halted, flesh crawling. He
couldn’t risk passing fifteen again: the floor
would be alive with house cops. He shivered
Where could a guy hide? One of the rooms,
sure, but which one ?

  Snips breathed, “Mr. Frazer lives in 14071
And he’s not in! ” The jolly, bald man had
left the barber shop to go to Mrs. Bumard’s
suite on twenty-two, Snips remembered. He
didn’t think any further than that Mr. Frazer
was the kind of guy who’d leave his door un-
locked, too. All Snips wanted was sanctuary
till his heart stopped pounding.
DEAD MEN DON’T BLEED

89

  He scuttled up the remaining steps to four-
teen, scanned the corridor, found it empty and
slid down to 1407. The door was unlocked.
Snips went into the suite like a gopher whisk-
ing into a hole. He leaned his shivery back
against the door and tried to keep his remain-
ing strength from dribbling away. His lungs
made harsh laboring sounds, tlien quieted a
little, and something suspiciously like a sob
trickled from his parched lips. What was he
to do now?

  His knees were too wobbly to support him.
He flopped in a chair. There was no meaning
to it, yet he’d been framed for Lew Polio’s
murder. Why? Why would anyone want to
kill Lew in the first place? That the killer
would frame someone who didn’t get along
with Lew was understandable enough, but why
kill him in the first place? Miserable as Lew
had been, he hadn’t seemed the type to get
his throat cut.

  “Unless there was something crooked about
him being flush lately,” Snips mumbled to
himself. Lew made a good salary as shop
manager, but the past few weeks he’d been
spending plenty. He’d bought new suits and
had taken a suite here in the hotel, and he’d
bought a new car. “He must have been in
something crooked,” Snips nodded. “He’d
had a fight, or something, with the guys he’s
in it with and they rubbed him out, then saw
a chance to frame me and did it.”

  Snips nodded vigorously. After Lew had
shaved Gordon Maxe and come to his own
room, he’d met someone who had slugged
him. This someone had either stayed inside
the room or waited around outside and, see-
ing Snips stomp up to Lew's door, had got-
ten him, then cut Lew’s throat with Snips’
razor and faked a fight scene which was
plenty realistic.

  Snips recalling the bloody feathers, shivered.
He saw three or four of them still clinging to
his jacket and pants. He snatched them off,
and saw that his hands were still sticky,
though there wasn’t too much blood on his
clothing. He started for the bathroom to get
the stuff cleaned off. He brushed the red-dyed
feathers into the commode. One of them missed
it. Snips picked it out of the air, felt it be-
tween thumb and forefinger. Something
clanged warningly in his head.

  He fingered the feather, searched his pants
for another, found one in a cuff. He com-
pared the two. One was dry and clean and
softly brittle. The other seemed more pliable,
moistish and soiled.

TT WAS important. Snips knew, without

  quite knowing why. He cudgeled his brain
for the answer but couldn’t grasp it. He
wrapped the feathers in a handkerchief start-
ed to wash up. He was a little steadier now,

which was lucky—for suddenly a nattily uni-
formed man had come up behind him.

  Snips saw the man’s pimpled face and re-
ceding chin in the mirror over the washbowl
as the man jumped him. It was Carl Pence,
the elevator operator.

  “Gotcha, Snips!” Carl yelled.

  Snips had a liar of soap in his hand. He
writhed around and smacked it wetly at the
pimples. He missed the first time and Carl
Pence opened his mouth in a laugh.

  Snips jabbed out again with the bar of
soap. It traveled straight and true and
rammed into Carl’s mouth, right back to his
tonsils. Carl tried to choke it out, failed, and
clawed at it He had only one hand free.
Snips batted it aside and whipped a stinger to
Carl’s stomach. That kicked the soap out of
Carl's mouth, together with a tortured,
“Ughl-1-1!”

  “You want-more, Carl?” Snips challenged,
breaking clean and cocking his fists.

  Carl shrank away, blubbering soapy saliva
that drooled down on his neat blue tunic. He
made no effort to continue brawling. In fact,
he looked at Snips as if he’d bitten off more
than he could chew.

  Snips stuck out his chest. He wasn’t used
to such respect. “Punk!” he leered at Carl.
“How did you know I was in Mr. Frazer's
suite?”

  “I didn’t, honest!” Carl snatched a towel
and swabbed his chin. His pale eyes were
skittery. “I just came in to see Mr. Frazer
about . . . something. I seen you here and
knew the cops are after you.”

  “So you thought you’d be a big shot and
nab me,” Snips cut in. “You thought I’d be
easy. What did you want to see Mr. Frazer
about?”

  Carl eyed the door, took a step toward it.
Snips stepped in front of him, fists ready.
“Tell me, smart guy,” he ordered.

  Carl bit his lip. “Garvey thinks maybe Mr.
Frazer heard you in the barber shop when
you threatened to cut Lew’s throat. I said
I’d come up and get Mr. Frazer, is all.”

  Snips cried, “I didn't threaten to cut Lew's
throat! I was just burned up and made a
crack! Jeez, a guy don’t have a chance! ”

  He quivered. This was always what hap-
pened when you shot off your mouth. For a
second, he knew what it was like to hate cops
and the way they built up a case against you.
Garvey would get fat, jolly Mr. Frazer to
swear he had heard the threat, and Mr. Frazer
was just the kind of guy a jury would cer-
tainly believe.

  Snips burst, “But a jury would believe Mr.
Frazer if he was for me, too! I gotta see him
first!”

  Snips started to turn, remembered Carl. He
couldn’t let Carl walk out and run for Garvey.
90

WILLIAM ROUGH

He wet his lips. “Hey, look at yourself in the
mirror, Carl.”

  “Huh?” Carl turned curiously. Snips hit
him behind the ear smartly with the edge of
a stiff palm. He’d never had any jiu jitsui
training himself, but he’d seen other GI’s
practising it and had wanted to try it. He
watched Carl Pence crumple. “Boy,” he mar-
veled, “it sure works!”

  He was going to let Carl lay and just lock
the bathroom door. But Mr. Frazer was up
in Mrs. Burnard’s suite on the twenty-second
floor, and Snips had to get up there without
attracting attention. He peeked out into the
corridor, saw Carl’s elevator cab with the
door open, and went back and pulled off the
man’s blue uniform coat and trousers. He got
into them himself, dragged Carl out of the
bathroom to a bedroom closet and tied him
with Mr. Frazer’s shoe laces. A few moments
later he was zooming up in the elevator.

  He skinned the car doors open on the
twenty-second floor and rapped on 2212. Mrs.
Lockridge Burnard opened the door herself.
She was small, blonde, well-dressed, and for
a second Snips hoped that Tillie would hold up
as well when she was fifty. Then Mrs. Burn-
ard said, “Yes?” and looked back over her
shoulder and giggled, and Snips changed his
mind. He didn’t want Tillie ever to become
coy.

  He said, “Is Mr. Frazer here, ma’am? I
gotta see him.”

  Mrs. Burnard’s brows climbed. Snips de-
cided they were much too dark and slinky;
she didn’t spare the make-up. “Really,” she
began.

AIR. FRAZER’S voice boomed, “Yowsuh,
I’m here, son. What do you want?”
Snips slid past the woman. She looked
petulantly at Frazer. “Horace, can't we be
alone?”

  “Shucks, honey, the kid’s in trouble,” Mr.
Frazer said. “Bet he’s got the same kind of
trouble as us—he’s in love.”

  Mrs. Burnard tittered. “The poor thing!”
Snips blurted, “That’s not all of it, though!
They think I cut Lew Polio’s throat! They
want you to testify that you heard me say I’d
do it in the barber shop, Mr. Frazer. You
won’t, will you?”

  Mrs. Burnard screamed, “Horace—how
awful! Call the police!”

  "Sh’h!” Mr. Frazer’s pink jowls were
grave. “Now what’s this all about?”

  Snips rushed through his story while Mrs.
Burnard fluttered and gasped. Mr. Frazier
polished his bald head with a lavender hand-
kerchief no bigger than a bath mat.

  He said, “Well, son, I didn’t hear you
threaten to cut this Polio’s throat.”

  Snips gulped, “Gee, thanks. I—”

  Mr. "Frazier frowned. "But I don’t see that
it’ll do much good. Your best bet it to give
yourself up and—”

  “I wouldn’t have a chance!” Snips bleated.
“I’ve got to find something that will clear
me!”

  “Horace, I’m going to call the police I” Mrs.
Burnard cried.

  "Hush, Lambykins,” Mr. Frazier cajoled.
"The boy is innocent. We’ve got to help
him.” He pinched his jowls thoughtfully. "I’ll
bet Gordon Maxe would know what to do.”
“Horace!” Mrs. Burnard protested. “You
know I dislike that man! You said yourself
that he wasn’t to be trusted. Remember ? You
suspected that he was just being nice to me
to sell me stock in a worked-out gold mine.”
“True, true,” Mr. Frazer admitted. “But
I knew him in Mexico and he’s had legal ex-
perience—so long as we’re on guard against
him we’re safe.’ He turned to Snips. “Come
along, son, and we’ll see Mr. Maxe. He’s
shrewd, and he’ll advise you what to do just
in the hope that it will put him in solid with
me and Mrs. Burnard.”

  Snips licked his lips. He didn’t know what
to do. But when Mr. Frazer slung a friendly
arm over his shoulders and steered him
toward the door, he went along. Mr. Frazer
had the right idea, maybe. You can’t always
get out of trouble by yourself; you’ve got to
look for men who know the ropes.

  “He’s on twenty-eight,” Mr. Frazer said,
in the corridor.

  "I’ve got an elevator,” Snips said. “I met
Carl Pence, the operator, in your suite, sir,
and— Please don’t get sore—I tied him up in
your closet.”

  Mr. Frazer’s jaws could get hard, in spite
of their fat. “I don’t know as I like that,
son,” he growled. “What were either one of
you doing in my place?”

  “I went there to hide,” Snips said apol-
ogetically. "He said he came up to take you
to Garvey as a witness against me. I couldn’t
let him walk out then, could I?”

  “But they’ll notice his elevator isn’t run-
ning and—” Mr. Frazer broke off, eyeing the
elevator indicators. One of them hovered at
22 even now.

  Snips saw it and jerked, looked wildly up
and down the corridor. The door of a mop
closet was a great deal closer than the ele-
vator bank. Snips dived for it, hissing,
“Maybe somebody’s coming to see why the cab
is stuck on this floor.”

  He was right. He’d no sooner pulled the
closet door nearly shut than an elevator
operator got out of his cab and peered at Carl
Pence’s car.

  “Hey, mister,” the man called to Mr.
Frazer, “seen anything of the guy who runs
this crate?”
DEAD MEN DONT BLEED

91

  “No, son, I haven’t,” Mr. Frazer replied.
The elevator operator sighed, “He’ll get
hell for loafing around. I’U report his cab
up here. Everything happens at once, don’t it?
A barber cuts a guy’s throat; they catch a guy
stealing chickens in the kitchen; and with
cops all over the place Carl has to lay down
on the job.”

  The man clanged his doors again. Mr.
Frazer caded softly, “Okay, son.”

CHAPTER THREE
Jaws of the Trap

T>UT Snips’ head was whirling. Something
was trying to click into place. It was
the mention of chickens being stolen in the
kitchen that had tightened him up. There was
no sense to it, yet some deep intuition was at
work. Snips shook his head. The feathers
all around Lew Polio’s body must have made
him sensitive to anything that smacked of
them, such as chickens.

  “Hurry, son,” Mr. Frazer urged.

  “Yessir.” Snips started out of the closet,
skidded a little, caught himself. He saw that
he’d slipped on white powder that had spilled
from a can of deodorant. He smelled the
familiar tang of the strong aromatic odor, but
it wasn’t until he and Mr. Frazer were shoot-
ing up in the elevator that it connected. He
blurted, “Why that’s the same stuff I smelled
on Lew Polio’s coat in the room when I
found him!”

  “Whassat, son?” Mr. Frazer said.

  Snips shook his head. “I don’t know, sir,
honest. There’s something I should be able
to figure out, but I can’t. What was going on
outside Mrs. Burnard’s suite when she called
for Garvey?”

  Mr. Frazies waved carelessly. “She said
she heard a fight there, but no one saw any-
thing and she hadn’t looked out herself. Here’s
Maxe’s floor.”

  Snips tried to swallow the lump under his
tongue as he followed Mr. Frazer to 2805. He
had to trust someone, he supposed, but he’d
never seen this Gordon Maxe and Mr. Frazer
himself had told Mrs. Bumard that Maxe was
trying to promote phony mine stock.

  Mr. Frazer opened the door, calling, “Gor-
don 1 ” There was no answer and the fat man
peered into the bedroom, came back frowning.
“Maxe must have stepped out, son,” he told
Snips. “M’m, but we can’t leave that ele-
vator car on this floor or someone will come
snooping. Suppose you wait here while I get
rid of it.”

  Snips swallowed. “All r-right, sir.”

  Mr. Frazer waddled toward the^corridor
door again, paused. “Another thing,” he said
thoughtfully. “We can’t let Carl Pence stay

tied up in my suite. Tell you what, he can
probably be bought, can’t he?”

  Snips nodded.

  “Good,” Mr. Frazer said. “If I’m going to
help you, I want to do it right. Shuck out of
that uniform, son, and I’ll untie Pence and give
it back to him. I’ll pay him to keep his mouth
shut for a couple hours at least and bring your
own clothes up here to you.”

Snips hesitated. It sounded logical, yet . . .
Mr. Frazer advised, “Maybe Mr. Maxe will
think your best bet is to get out of the hotel,
and you wouldn’t get far in that uniform
without somebody spotting you.”

  It was the clinching argument. Snips pulled
off the natty blue tunic, stepped out of the
trousers. Mr. Frazer scooped them up. “If
Maxe comes back before I do, son, just tell
him your story and that I brought you here.
Keep your chin out now.”

  Mr. Frazer shut the door. Snips stood in
the middle of the sitting room in his jockey
shorts and shirt. He shivered, but not from
lack of clothing. He realized that he’d en-
trusted Mr. Frazer with his fate, and every-
thing now depended on the fat man.

  There was Gordon Maxe, too. Snips won-
dered again what kind of man Maxe was.
Maybe he’d refuse to help. Maybe he’d take
one look at Snips and call Garvey. Mr.
Frazer seemed like a jovial sort who’d give a
man a hand, but that didn’t prove Maxe would.

  There was nothing to do but wait and see.
Snips paced back and forth. He felt like look-
ing for a dressing gown or something, but if
Maxe came in and saw him wearing his cloth-
ing it might rub him the wrong way. The
best thing was to look helpless, maybe.

  But there was no trick to looking helpless,
Snips knew. That was exactly how he felt. He
tried again to figure out what had tightened
him up earlier when the elevator operator
who had come looking for Carl had men-
tioned chickens being stolen in the kitchen.
Suddenly he had an idea. He went to the tele-
phone and called the barber shop, asked for
Tillie. When she answered, then gasped,
“Oh, honey, I’m so worried about you!” Snips
felt ashamed that he hadn’t got in touch with
her sooner. She certainly had known that he
was being hunted as a murderer.

W'TILLIE, I didn’t do it!" he gulped.

     “Whatever they say, I didn’t do it!”
“Honey, I know you didn’t! I trust you,
Snipsy! But what did happen? Where are
you?”

  Snips said automatically, “I’m in Gordon
Maxe’s suite, hon. I’ve been framed for Lew’s
murder. I want you to do something for me.
Find out what happened in the kitchen, will
you? Somebody stole chickens, I think, but
find out. See who it was and what’s going on,
92

WILLIAM ROUGH

hon. Hurry! Call me back here, or I’ll call
you.”

  “I’ll do it, Snipsy, but—”

  Snips didn’t hear the rest. He sensed the
corridor door opening, saw a lean black shoe-
string of a man slipping in and pronged the
telephone. He kept his hand on it, though.
It was the only weapon handy.

  He stuttered, “Y-you’re—Are you Mr.
Maxe?”

  The man’s deep-sunk dark eyes were glitter-
ing coals. His lipst under a slash of black
mustache, scarcely moved as he purred,
“That’s the name I’m using at the present,
yes.” His gaze raked Snips’ bare shanks.
“And you are our little patsy, I take it. I
met Frazer outside and he told me he left you
here. You’ll do nicely, little man.”

  “Ill do—nicely!” Snips cried. “I’m your
patsy! I d-don’t know what you m-meanl”
The lean dark man snicked the lock on the
door with a flat, metallic sound. He came
toward Snips, his long thin arms flexing like
the feelers on a skinny black bug. The deep
grooves running from the corners of his thin
lips to his nostrils told that he was no longer
young, yet his hair was black and thick and
bushy.

  He said silkily, “Don’t you understand, little
man?”

  Snips started to breath faster. “I do under-
stand. I understand some of it, anyhow. You
and Mr. Frazer are in something together.
Mrs. Burnard said that Mr. Frazer told her
not to trust you, but that was just a gag. He
brought me right up here for some reason.”
Maxe grinned. “An old dodge, but still
effective,” he said. “Frazer throws suspicion
on me and Mrs. Burnard thinks he rescued
her and trusts him more.”

  Snips’ nerves were screaming, but he could-
n’t move. “You and Frazer are after Mrs.
Burnard’s money! ” he squeaked. “ But where
did Lew Polio come in? You killed him, didn’t
you?”

  “Why, not at all,” Maxe murmured. “Mur-
der is a crime. You killed Polio. You slit
his throat. Garvey found you right there
but let you get away—I should have slugged
you harder, little man!”

  Snips felt goose pimples on his bare arms
and shoulders. He crouched.

  “Careful,” Maxe warned. Leisurely, he took
a compact revolver from under his should :r,
slanted it at Snips. “It will look as if you got
away from Garvey,” he explained softly, “and
then Carl Pence spotted you and tried to take
you and you pushed him out of a window.”
Snips choked, “Pushed him out of a win-
dow 1 That’s a lie! I tied him up in Mr.
Frazer’s suite, and he’s still there!”

  Maxe glanced at the watch on his skinny
wrist. “Suppose you look out the window.”

  Snipa-stared.

  “Go ahead,” Maxe encouraged. “Frazer’s
had enough time to get back to his suite and
do it.”

  Snips was fascinated. He moved jerkily
to the window, opened it. Twenty-eight stories
below a crowd had gathered in the street,
huddling around a motionless thing on the
pavement. The thing had been human but
was now pulp. Snips couldn’t make out the
pimpled face and receding chin but he recog-
nized Carl Pence’s natty blue uniform. He
shut his bugging eyes hard, pushed away
from the window.

  Maxe said regretfully, “If only it weren’t
crowding things, I could have shoved you on
out after him just now. As it is, I want to wait
a while so it’ll look as if you couldn’t stand i
being hunted and cracked up and jumped.”
Snips pressed his fists against his temples
with all his might. “Why did you have to
kill Carl?" he husked. “He was only an de-'
vator boy.”

  Maxe’s thin shoulders moved negligently,
“I lined him up the first day I was in the hotel j
as a kid who’d like to make a dollar. When
I needed an elevator today, I buzzed him,
flashed some dough in front of him and he was
mine.”

CNIPS cried, “You needed an elevator to
take Lew Polio from the mop closet on
22 to his room on 15! That’s itl Yeah I And
later on when Carl saw me go to Lew’s room
he reported to you. You hurried down and
slugged me and framed me.”

  Maxe stroked his thick black mustache with
a yellow thumbnail. “Pence was up to his;
neck the minute he let me use his elevator,*
After that he had to string along. The fool
bungled when he stole the chicken, though,,
and I knew that the minute the Johns worked
on him he’d sing. Thanks for tying him up
in Frazer’s closet for us.”

  Snips couldn’t^ keep his eyes off Maxe’s,
mustache and thick black hair. Suddenly he
saw it. He burst, “That mustache is phony,
and you’re wearing a wig. You’re disguised 1
Now I know why Lew Polio had lots of money
lately! And why you killed him! And where
and when!”

  “Tell it to Saint Peter,” Maxe mocked. His
lean fingers lifted his gun abruptly. “Get into
that bathroom! ” he lashed.

  Snips cursed through his tears, slammed the
bathroom door viciously, turned the knob that
controlled the bolt.

  Maxe called, “You’re right where I want,
you, punk. All Frazer has to do to bust that
door in is lean on it.”

  Snips put his head against the cool tile
of the bathroom wall, pounded with a fist, im-
DEAD MEN DON’T BLEED

MAIL COUPON

from one of tho World’s Great Residential
Technical Trade schools Ats YOU for a profitable
present and a growing future. QUICK, MODERN.
SOUND speed-up course. Start earning after first
few lessons. Above: Elsworth Anderson started
his own business before he graduated. Thou-
oands of great opportunities everywhere
■ right now. Television Just opening: up.
I Electronics is In Its infancy. NOW IS THE
ft TIME FOR YOU to get started.

Find out what you can do yourself. See
how easy and practical this training system
is. Fill out the coupon for a sample lessor
and big Opportunity book. No obligation.
No salesman wiU call.

NATIONAL SCHOOLS

Los Angeles 37, California

RADIO

Get into

EftECTRONICS

TELEVISION

for Yourself!

City...............................State................

Please attach letter stating ngre, occupation, employer's name and ad-
dress. and name and address of at least one business man as reference.
Men in service, also please give home address.

Get set in the greatest,
soundest industrial boom
in history. Be inde-
pendent with YOUR
OWN lifetime business
or win success in a fine
industrial position.

potently. He was trapped pretty. If only
he could get out of here or get word to Gar-
vey.

  He prowled the bathroom nervously, pray-
ing for an idea. Suppose he turned the shower
onto the floor. Wouldn’t water drip through
the ceiling of the suite underneath and get
the tenant to complain ?

  He shook his head. The Colony Plaza was
a well constructed building. It would take
hours for water to seep through the tile of
the bathroom floor and the plaster of the ceil-
ing below.

  There was no window in the bathroom,
either, no chance to throw something into the
street to attract attention. The only way was
the way he’d come in, and Snips knew he
wouldn’t travel three steps.

  There wasn’t even anything he could throw.
Maxe’s bathroom was almost as barren as if
he’d just walked into the suite. His shaving
kit lay on the little shelf over the washbowl
and that was all. He’d probably put it out
but never used it, since he’d enveigled Lew
Polio into shaving him. Snips opened the
shaving kit absently. The straight razor was
of fair quality, but not nearly as fine as Snips'
razor, which was probably marked Exhibit A
by now.

  Snips put his ear against the door. There
was silence beyond, but he was sure Maxe
hadn’t left by any means. Suddenly there was
a faint knock. A chair scraped in the bed-
room. Snips realized that Frazer was back
and had knocked at the corridor door. Maxe
was going to let him in.

  Snips waited a second till he figured Maxe
was out of the bedroom, walking toward the
corridor door. He shot back the bolt on the
bathroom door, peeked out just as Maxe
opened the corridor door. He expected to see
Frazer’s belly crowd through the door, but
what he saw made his blood run cold. At any
other time, Tillie Brady’s blonde head, trim
legs and neat green smock would have made
him glow—but not now! He held his breath,
praying that Maxe would get rid of her, that
Maxe could get rid of her. He knew Tillie
was stubborn and—

CHAPTER FOUR

The Razor’; Edge

TIE froze. Maxe had shot out a clawing
hand and grabbed Tillie’s wrist. He
pulled her roughly inside.

  He whirled, snatched the razor off the
shelf, flicked it open.

  He was white hot inside, but suddenly cool
on the surface. He tiptoed to the bedroom!

                   BOOKS ON APPROVAL

CAN YOU FIX ITT

 These wonder books tell
 stop by step HOW to
 make difficult repairs
 and adjustments, how to
 keep a car at maximum
 efficiency, including lat-
 est improvements in car
 design and operation.
 Engine troubles and how
 to correct them well
 covered.

6 OIQ VOLUMES

9BOO pages, 2000 Ulus*

 tr at Ions, wiring dia-
 grams, etc.. Including
 Diesel engine*. Beauti-

ful modernistic, wash-
able cloth binding.

                     SEND NO MONEY. Just mull the coupon
                     for a complete sol of Six Big Auto Books.
                     20th Edition. Whether you are a mechanic
                     or helper, expert or apprentice, auto owner
                     or driver, take immediate advantage of thli
                     FREE EXAMINATION OFFER.

                     MAKE GOOD MONEY NOW
HOLD A PERMANENT JOB
America wants its automobiles kept in good
repair. Men with "know how” are in de-
mand. at big pay. These books will helj>
you get and hold an Important Job, or
give you a chance to go Into business lot
yourself now or later. Any man who half
tries to improve himself can leam auto
servicing and repairing by this Quick ref-
erence method. Use Ihe JIFFY INDEX
to find easily understood answer to any
auto problem. These wonder books prepared
by eleven of America's great automobile
engineers. Many hundreds of valuable
illustrations. Send the coupon TODAT.
A year's consulting privileges with "J
our Engineers now given with I
these books without extra charge. J
Vocational Publishers Since 1898

  llust

 [i

AMERICAN TECHNICAL SOCIETY. Dept.
Drexel Ave. at 58th 5t., Chicago 37. III.

I would like to examlno your Slx-Volumi

                                 AC31

__________-.............i-Volume Set of Auto Books. I will

pay the delivery charges only, but If I choose I may return_them
express collect. If after 10 days use I prefer to keep them, I will
send you $2 and pay the balance at the rate of only S3 a month .until

*24.80 has been paid,
above.

Name ..............

Address ...........

                          Please Include consulting service as offered

SHOP METHOD HOME TRAINING
Po*dEr

Killt the lleos
OUlCKlYI
Keops oth*»* oil
lor doys!

Slli) 25* and l»

NEW CHEAP OIL BURNER

FOR COOKING * MATING
YOU« ROMt COOK TOUR Ml
WlfM CHIAP >USNACt Oil

SHOVELING COAL

Syatcm turn* Chop 13o'f6K
mm Into OU Gas heat with*

SSSSI

 ■Send in your ni
 MFC. CO.,

      LIFE-TIME GUAR-

 ____ defects. 81.00.

  ER FOR TE8TD40. We
  try It In your own etovo or fnrnaco
  ^Cot^ youra for introducing. Big

  598-K. 5th Avo.( Mitchell, So. Da*.

uco for
promo.

ENTORS

        BOW—without obligation — hew to DKXcet and
        invention. Seeure "Patent Gnlde” **«. Write
        O'BRIEN A HARVEY JACOBSON
        Kcoiifsrcd Pafeo» Atlomv	-■«*

«2t-C Adan BuTldlno_Wellington. D. C.

 STAMMER?

 IWa new lSS-pago book "Stammering, Its Cause and
 Correction." describes the Bogue Unit Method for «el-
 •nUlto correction of stammering and Mattering—suc-
 cessful for 45 years.

Beni. N. Boone, Dept 2981, Circle Tower. Indianapolis 4, lad.

 IF YOU ARE AMBITIOUS you can make good
 money with a Rawleigh Route. We help you get
 started. No experience needed to start. Steady
 work. Write Rawleigh Co., Box H-2-PBL, Free-
 portjJDl.

 Train Your Own HORSES I

Colt* . Stock Hones - Circus Horsts
Cai* Show Horses - Write for FREE BOOK
ANIMAL LOVERS' ASSOCIATION
Box'G-tn, Tirxena, Calif.

%

|AW

STUDY AT HOME for PERSONAL SUCCESS and
LARGER EARNINOS. 37 year* wpert lnMrur-
• 108,000 ■tuaootfl on rolled.

 Degreo awarded. All U
 monte. Bond for FREE
 tlve Guidance"—NOWI

 BOOK—“Law and .

 AMERICAN EXTENSION SCHOOL OF LAW

 ---------c N, WcMglfl Av9^ cMcago u,

tm c«

i T#

Be a

 Trailed Artlati Are Capable of laming ,
 Mteefcfy. Many ot our graduate* arc now en
 •aaanJ AM career*. By oar practical meth

 «P iSAf- SUSSRO' Z'o'&'V&SZ'
 StSK Sft&Sb. Stf

of

 iui • tnti stTMt n. w.

 STUDIO MS-C
 Washington 5. D. C.

I

Learn modem watch
and clock repairing

 At homo, aparo tfmo. Good Held now ... se-
 curity and contentment In future. Start part*
 time Dojunesa and BARM while yea loan.

     Horology la predfion instrument work...
     a 8re*t and

rantee.

Catalog!

KELSON CO. aKBaisa^swr

portoniHea. £ur 8elf-ln«traction «
Low price. Moaey-baok sura.
Writ, today for FREE Success-Qi

94

WILLIAM ROUGH

 door, snatching a pillow off the bed on the
 way. He had his finger up to his lips when
 Tillie’s blue eyes flashed over Maxe’s shoul-
 der and saw him.

   She tried hard not to show surprise, but
 her lips parted and Maxe got it. He swiveled.

   Snips shot-putted the pillow at the lean
 man. It wasn’t an accurate shot, but it made
 Maxe pull aside and delay his first shot a
 tenth of a second.

   It was just time enough for Snips to skin
 through the doorway so that he wasn’t
 framed there, an unmissable target. It was
 the only break he could hope for. The next
 dozen steps had to be straight into the gun.

   He expected gun thunder and hot slams on
 his body, but none came. His eyes snapped
 wide again and he choked, “Oh, bon 1” Tfflie
 had thrown herself on Maxe’s back and was
 clawing and scratching for all she was worth.
 Maxe heaved and flung her aside.

   Snips bawled, “You louse—!” and threw
 himself on the dark man. Maxe twisted his
 gun hand around, trying to get it up into
 Snips’ midsection. Snips flicked his razor in
 a neat little arc. Maxe screamed in pain, eyes
 bulging on his dangling thumb.

   The gun hit the floor. Maxe struck at Snips
 and tried to use his knees. Snips grabbed at
 the man’s hair, remembered too late that
 Maxe’s hair was false. His hand came away
 with a mop of black wig. He started to drop
 it, then swished it around and stabbed it into
 Maxe’s face.

   Maxe kicked and made strangling noises.
 Snips got his heel behind Maxe’s ankle,
 tripped him. He could hold Maxe by the
 clothing, but Maxe couldn’t hold him. They
 went down and Snips held the wig hard on
 Maxe’s mouth and nose. The dark man’s
 struggles grew panicky. He was smothering.

   Snips dropped his razor and struck down
 into the wig. Maxe went limp.

   He was mouthing hot words, cursing Maxe
 and holding him tight as tight. Suddenly he
 felt Tillie’s fingers pulling his shoulder.

   She cried, “ Snipsy! Snipsy, you’ll kill him!
 He’s unconscious already!”

   Snips shook his head, saw that it was so.
 He wrenched his hands away from Maxe);
 they’d been clawed so stiffly that it was hard to'
 let go. He rolled off the limp figure, panting.

   This was when Frazer burst in.

   Snips heard the door open. He was on the
 floor now. He looked up and saw the fat man.
 Frazer took in the setup in one glance, clawed
 at his armpit. His snarl was more like that of
 an infuriated boar than the jovial fat man be
 had pretended to be.

   But fat he was, and a man so heavy could
 not make a lightning draw.
DEAD MEN DON'T BLEED

  Snips had to move only a foot to get his
hand on Maxe’s gun. He did it, and even
though he hadn’t been overseas, he’d had Basic
Training and knew how to shoot. He turned
the gun up, butt in his hand which was hard
on the floor, and shot three times from that
position. All lie had to do was aim at the door-
way because Frazer filled it. Then the door-
way was empty again and the fat man was
huddled over on his knees, holding his clasped
hands around his middle. He was still that way ,
when Garvey got there.

  Snips was straddling Maxe’s chest when
Garvey came in. Tillie quickly caught the
house dick and pulled him aside so that Maxe
didn’t see him. Snips flicked his razor back and
forth in front of Maxe’s nose and slapped the
thin man’s cheeks once in a while just for
good measure.

  “If you don’t talk, I’ll carve you!” Snips
leered menacingly.

   Maxe’s dark eyes were skittery. He couldn’t
see Garvey and he didn’t know how far Snips
would go.

  “You don’t have to tell me,” Snips said.
“I’ll tell you! My girl just told me that a guy
was caught in the alley outside the hotel
kitchen a while ago carrying a dead chicken
in a bloody pillow slip. He swears an ele-
vator boy gave it to him. That’s all I needed
to know. This hotel buys live chickens, and
you admitted before that Carl Pence stole one
for you.”

  Snips looked sideways to see that Garvey’s
leathery face was intent, took a breath. “Here’s
what happened. You and Frazer were con
men. You picked out rich widows and sold
them phony mining stock. First you’d make
the contact, then Frazer would show up and
throw suspicion on you. You’re not the type
yourself to pull the whole thing, but if Frazer
could make a dame think he’d rescued her
from you, she’d go all-out for him. The catch
is that you must be hot and you have to wear
a disguise.”

  Snips caught a motion from Garvey out of
the corner of his eye. Garvey was making
signs to show that Snips was right, and that
he’d recognized Maxe without the wig and
mustache.

  Snips nodded in satisfaction. “Lew Polio
was a barber and he spotted your fake hair
and mustache,” he went on, waving the razor
gently in front of Maxe’s fascinated eyes. “He
pulled a llttle blackmail on you, and you paid.”

■MAXE burst, “The dirty creep! He spotted
my wig off sides in the elevator one day.
The next day he showed up at my room and
said he’d come to shave me. f could tell he
was wise, so we made a deal. What he -wanted

HERE 'S J HEW A/W
V/Ml BUS//VESS.'

Offers Big Monty — Independence

It you are mechanically Inclined—can hold and use tooU
It will pay you to learn electrical appliance repairing;.
Operate from your garage, basement, etc. Work u many
hours as you wish—the appliance repairman la his own
boas. On many types of repairs It Is usual for a repair-
man to charge on the basis of J5.00 to 16.00 an boor.

No Previous Experience Needed

Profusely illustrated our new course shows you in simple,
easy to understand language plus drawings and photo-
graphs, how to make each repair on refrigerators, vacuum
cleaners, washing machines, motors, fans, irons, etc., etc.
Explains and gives you a working knowledge of electricity,
welding, nickel plating, etc. Shows you how to build the
power tools you need and how to solicit and keep business
coming to you. Not a theory course but an honest to gopd-
ness practical course written by and used by repairmen the
country over. Prioe of course is so low that the savings
on your household appliances will pay for it. Act nowl
Send today for FREE literature. Christy Supply Co.,
2835 N. Central Ave., Dept. D-1418, Chicago 34, Hlinoii.

'/tm

EasyV Plate CHROMIUM

| gold; silver, nickel* copper

.WP?For Pleasure and Profit I

It yoa have a workshop—at home or In bust*
new—you need this new Warner Electro-
I placer. At the stroke ot an electrified brush,

I you can electroplate models and projects—

I you can replatc worn articles, faucets, tools,*
fixtures, silverware, etc. with a durable,-
■din* coat of metal . . . Gold, Sil~ •
mium.N Nickel. Copper or Cadmli
Is.easy, simple, Quick. E'

■JETS

                 make your shop complete by
                 I Warner e Electroplater right ai
                 I today for FREE SAMPLE and Illustrated
                 I literature. ACT AT ONCEI Mail Cottto*.
                 1 WARNER ELECTRIC CO, DEPT. J-2
                 663 N. Welli St., ChiMgo 10, lllinoK

         M

MUQ ELECTBIC CO,663 N. Well. St., Chlosjo 10, Dept J-2 ]

Gentlemen: Send Ftee Sample and Details to:

'Uomi.
WITHOUT PRIORITIES'

 for Homo Appliance. Auto MM A*> 59Q501

 CcMralFarmEquipment Repairs V VM-I
 Works on Iron, Stool, & oth«■	I

 SB metals—does work you'd expect fr6rti .

 * lunr. costlier machine: portable easily 1

 >nit

 etaffcs,

 'tSOgffSF

 rtble i

 STUDY AT HOME

 and public life. Greater opportune tic, now t h	' '

 Moreflbility: Mora Prestige: More Money

 tan trnln at homo dartn* ranto Dmtm of LU
 text ujoterial. inclndinff 14-rohiroa t*w lJbrary.|

 Intlltullon,

 r. *17 south oearoorn St.

--------

Store Route Plan
PAYS BIG MONEY

SELL COUNTER CARO PRODUCTS

                            i ot your onto. Call
                            iw national ly-adver-

___, Cosmetics and 200 oth-

Big: 6c and 10c retail package*.
Attractive counter dieployn sell
k gives amazing facta. Wrlto!
... Dept. D2-0. Spencer, Ind.

 Build a good-pay lm buaino
 2b 6aal«rs ot oil klnda; si
 tjecd Aspirin, Vitamins. Co:
 « necessities. Big: 6c and

  (‘rffifUiTBl

    TAN SKINS—MAKE UP FURS

  TSESi *

        ■I Don't dolar.

   FREE BOOK BSUSa, ««=

 ROUND THE WORLD WITHOUT A PASSPORT

 When you feel the lure of far places—an urge to voyage
 across stormy seas—to share the deeds of reckless men, from
 tjie African jungles to Arctic wastes, down

     Amazon and back to our own great
 American West—if it's action you want,
 in the finest outdoor fiction, read . . .

MECHANICS • HOME STUDY

 Btep up your own skill with the tacts and figures of your
 Bade. Audels” ’ --------*------——.......—

          r&erst d

     'want to^^ys^ Frre Examination. Send No, Money

 _________els Mechanics Guides contain Practical Inside

 Trade Information in a handy form. Fully Illustrated and
 Easy to Understand. Highly Endorsed. Check the book

 3 Plumbcre

                        □ Refrigeration $-1 a O Radio S
                        I • G Machinist$-1 a □ Diesel*
                        ter SI a □ Welders Si aOAutoM

.. . __ilcctrlclty 84 a n carpenters 18

 MarlneW e o Blueprint *2 a □ Sheet Metal tl.

If Battened you pay only 11 a montli until price Is paid.

                     49 W. 23 SL, Nett York 10. N. V.

Learn BAKING At Home

 Baking Is one of America’s high Industries In wages. >■
 Nearly deprcselon-proof. Thorough baslo home course
 •ays sound foundation. If you have aptitude, write for
 TREE BOOKLET,"Opportanitlcsln Commercial Baking."
 National Bakins School. ISIS Mich. Ave.,Dopt. I4IC. CMcnel

PATENTS

 Write for full informa-
 tion on what steps an
 inventor should take to
 secure a Patent.
 RANDOLPH A BEAVERS, 373 Columbian Bldg., Wathington I, D.C.

96

WILLIAM ROUGH

 was djicken feed compared to what we were
 going to take off Mrs. Burnard.”

   “That’s right,” Snips nodded. “That’s just
 about right. Only later on Lew got wise and
 that there was big money involved. He want-
 ed a cut of that, but you tried to put him off.
 He got sore and said he’d squawk to Mrs.
 Burnard. You thought he was bluffing, but he
 wasn’t. And today was the day he got fed up
 and started for Mrs. Burnard’s suite to spill it
 You must have seen that he was sorer than
 usual and followed him. When you saw that
 he was really heading for Mrs. Burnard’s, you
 slugged him, right outside the door. She re-
 ported a fight, but when Garvey got there
 the corridor was empty. ’Cause why? ’Cause
 you’d dragged Lew into the mop closet till you
 had time to move him. Say no!”

   Maxe’s mouth hardened. Snips drew his
 lips back on his teeth in a horrible grimace,
 brought the razor down slowly, flicked Maxe’s
 cheek.

   “Wait! Don’t! I’ll talk!” Maxe blubbered.
 “You’re right! I didn’t mean to kill him, damn
 him! I guess I just hit him too hard.”
 “Yeah,” Snips agreed. “I knew Lew had
 been parked in that mop closet because there
 were deodorant crystals spilled there and he
 had the same smell on his coat. It meant that
 he’d been in that closet and had been flat on
 his back at the time.”

   Snips settled himself comfortably on Maxe’s
 stomach. “The rest of it is simple. You hired
 Carl Pence and used his elevator to take
 Lew’s body to his room. You left him there
 and probably intended to let it go. But then
 Carl saw me heading for Lew’s room and told
 you, and you saw a chance to frame me. You
 came down and slugged me. My razor fell
 out of my pocket I was a barber. Why not
 make it a good frame and cut Lew’s throat?
 You did, but you forgot that dead men don't
 bleed!'’

   Snips wagged his head sadly. “It must have
 been something to cut a guy’s throat and not
 see any blood come out, but Lew had been
 dead long enough by that time for the blood
 to stop flowing in him. You were in a spot
 You couldn't sew his neck back together again,
 so all that was left was to get some blood
 somehow. With Carl Pence knowing the ropes
 around the hotel, you saw how it could be
 worked. Carl got a live chicken from the
 storeroom off the kitchen and you bled it over
 Lew Polio’s throat and body. Am I right?”
 Maxe shrank away from the razor.
 “Y-yeah.”

   Snips looked triumphantly at Garvey. “Is
 that enough?” he asked.

   Garvey stepped forward. “That’s plenty,”
DEAD MEN DON’T BLEEP

lie said. “And I recognize this bird now. He’s
wanted in a couple of states.”

  Maxe jerked, cursed. Snips banged the
man's head on the floor, said, “But somebody
spotted Carl when he stole the chicken, or any-
how the guy he gave it to was caught. Carl
took the chicken back downstairs in a pillow
slip so as not to get blood on himself. He had
to get rid of the chicken and didn’t want it
found around the kitchen. There’s always
guys hanging around the kitchen for handouts
and stuff, and Carl just handed the chicken to
one of them. But the guy was caught beating
it and Carl knew the guy could identify him.
He hurried up to Frazer’s suite to ask what
to do. That’s where I got him.

  “You see, some of the feathers pulled out
of the chicken when they were bleeding it over
Lew’s body, and in order to cover them up as
well as get the pillow slip to take the bloody
chicken away in, they busted a pillow and
threw the feathers all over. I noticed that
some of the feathers were different than the
others. These soft pillows are filled with either
duck or goose feathers—not chicken feathers.”
Snips told Garvey, “Maxe is the one who
killed Lew Polio. You heard him admit it.
But Frazer is the one who pushed Carl Pence
out of the window. As soon as Frazer heard
that Mrs. Burnard had reported a disturbance
outside her door, he got in touch with Maxe,
found out what had happened, and they worked
together from then on. I guess that’s enough
to make it stick, huh?”

  Garvey yanked on his handcuffs. “It’s
plenty, kid.”

  “You take the credit,” Snips said.

  Garvey’s leathery face brightened. “Well,
that’s swell of you, kid, but you rate some-
thing out of it too.”

  “I got something,” Snips said and looked
>at Tillie proudly. “They ought to make me
shop manager, too. ...”

THE END

iYOU NEED THIS

    Helps

    Guard

    Against

 Re-Infection!

 Here’s a product that really does what
 it claims. It’s a Doctor’s wonderfully
 soothing yet powerfully medicated
 liquid called Zemo. First application*
 relieve itching and burning between
 cracked, peeling toes and aid healing.
 Zemo actually kills on contact the
 vicious germs* that cause and spread
 this trouDle. That’s why Zemo has such
 an amazing record of continuous suo-
 cess. First trial con- _ ___ —
 vinces. All drugstores."^ ^ ^ Q

START $1,506 TO
$2,650 YEAR

Write Immediately for free 3S-
paira aril Serried book, with
full particular!, tellies how to
prepare for appointment. Veter-
ans get proferonoe.

Franklin Institute
Oopt. R89. RoehMtor 4. N. V.

U.S.
government;

JOBS

High School Course

 at Home

^_ Many Finish fa 2 Year*

    I Do as rapidly asirour time ana abllitlw permit. (
    equivalent to reifdent school work—prepares fori
    OTtranceramma. Standard H.8. texts supplied. Dll____

BaSKafk«

American School. Dpt. HC49, Orexe» at SBtk. Chicane 37

Can’t Keep Grandma
           In Her Chair

  She's as Lively as a Youngster—Now her Backache is better

nights, swelling, puffiness under the eyes, head'
aches and dizziness. Frequ

Many sufferers relieve nagging backache quick-
ly, once they discover that the' real cause of their
trouble may be tired kidneys.

The kidneys are Nature’s chief way of taking
the excess acids and waste out of the blood. They
help most people pass about 3 pints a day.

When disorder of kidney function permits
poisonous matter to remain in your blood, it
may cause nagging backache, rheumatic-pa ins,
leg pains, loss of pep and energy, getting up

 aches and dizziness. Frequent or scanty passages
 with smarting and burning sometimes shows
 there is something wrong with your kidney* or
 bladder.

   Don't wait I Ask your druggist for Doan's Pills,
 a stimulant diuretic, used successfully by millions
 for over 40 years. Doan’s give happy relief and
 will help the IS miles of kidney tubes flush out
 poisonous waste from your blood, Get Doan's Pills.

97
'VeJr*

 Included at No Extra CotU Your Warn*

SkcSi mims* 0,1 Ca9e!	'

•5MKT ^ "“ "****$ j% otf

• Takea mawtuXi and lim» npowre*.

Qr-i~ —	-------

  Take. M pMum tor 0» price oi t in Meek and ■— —
  _	pwlww Im ll» (»lce of«In color.

  • 0» Nk m or M Bin tor bl»* end »M»-No, mKodwdffM
  color • Haa a Genuine Oral Icea. • Pllilr gwnrtMi, —
  Haa eye-tevel centring .iewflnder.

              MAIL COUPON TODAY

              “ OTHITT STORES — at ~ .

1 117 S. W.bMh, Dtf». HA Chlca«6«,ltt. ,

I I tndowi»--- —. Jblp at oaoe poetpald

 I -_Falcoo Candid Type Cwumi. J

“"pinii print Ham ani

SKOOTER
SKATE

jwiWho»*«»oy*

ondCWiHovsBM*

Wotting f*r

•yMllrtilMbl

• Hku »IhI W

&&S£JSS2

 joukno*

 ---. “sT.S,. OWVHB «*»*■ *• '*• I

 UTILIT* STORES. 117 S.	^	|

1 j

98

■JJt **• *Wh of

Cartoon»0»S2.js

I *W«rHr.I
ihe

OH

ti0

 Hfls
 5 C*

 0

 It"

tefJ n r^°

    pot*-

 june, 1944—THE OUTLAW world
 PREMIERE IS HELD AT SAN FRAN-
 CISCO. THE PICTURE BREAKS
 EVERT EXISTING RECORDII
 HELD OVER FOR 8 WEEKS I
 PLAYS TO MORE THAN
 300,000 PEOPLE II

1944-HOWARD HUGHES, world
FAMOUS FLYER AND MOTION
PICTURE PRODUCER, COMPLETES
his picture THE OUTLAW.

 THE OUTLAW IS TRIGGER.FAST
 ACTION COMBINED WITH
 DARING SENSATION TOO
 STARTLING TO DESCRIBE!

HOWARD HUGHES discovered
JEAN HARLOW, PAUL MUNI,
GEORGE RAFT, AND PAT O'BRIEN.
NOW, IN THE OUTLAW, HE
PRESENTS HIS SENSATIONAL
NEW STAR DISCOVERY—
JANE RUSSELL

THEN...THE OUTLAW IS BANNED
BY THE CENSORSI BUT RATHER THAN
CUT A SINGLE SCENE FROM THE FILM,
HOWARD HUGHES withdraws
IT FROM THE THEATRES OF THE WORLD.

 NOW, AT LAST, AFTER A TWO YEARS FIGHT WITH THE CENSORS.
 HOWARD HUGHES brings you his daring production,
 THE OUTLAW. .. EXACTLY AS IT WAS FILMED!!
 "HOT A SCENE CUT!! and introducing a new star,
 JANE RUSSELL!
       Clear /leads Choose Calvert

                     Calvert Distillers Corp., N.Y.C. BLENDED WHISKEY 86.8 Proof.

   Calvert "Reserve"— 65% Grain Neutral Spirits... Calvert "Special"— HVi% Grain Neutral Spirits

"So that's why they took time out between sets"

A DELICIOUS Calvert highball is just
about the best thing we know to make
winner and loser both feel mighty pleased..

  For when you serve up Calvert you’r
scoring with the real thing in whiskey,
pre-war quality is so rich and flavorful,
there’s no imitating it.

 The reason is simple. At Calvert we’ve
 blended more fine whiskey in our time
 any other distillqr in America. And
 it experience counts!

   Want to make your service tops? Just
 sure that your next highball is mt\de
 With Calvert.....It's the real thing I