GAY LIFE

                         Stories

Vol. I. No. II.

25*

HJLjnne. U-1

Gay Life
     Stories

Vol. I.	No. 2

CONTENTS

Page

SHE WAS ROMANCED BY

GALAHAD	2

      By Michael Hall.

HOW TH EY DO IT OUT WEST 10

      By Evaline French.

GAY LIFE MODELS

17 to 32

DOT GETS A PROPOSITION	33

      By Alice Hill.

THE HOTTEST HOTEL IN
  TOWN ...................................................... 40

CARNIVAL OF PASSION	41

      By jerome Fresco.

APRIL SHOWERS	47

PEPPY POETRY	48

GAY LIFE STORIES Is a monthly magazine, published by The Eagle Magazine
Company, Chicago, 111. Unsolicited manuscripts, if rejected, will not be returned.
SHE WAS ROMANCED
BY GALAHAD

Galahad was charmed. The legs so enticingly displayed were bare and

seductively formed.

                 By Michael Hall

 THE sun filters through the list-
 less trees that fringed the
 square and made weird pat-
 terns on the cracked paving. A
 vagrant breeze fanned the dropping foli-
 age with a searing blast like the breath
 of the devil, and the pattern on the pav-
 ing shifted uneasily.

 At a rusted iron table which had
 weathered the storms of more than a
GAY LIFE STORIES

3

score of years in the inland village of Rio
Jamorca sat Galahad O’Reilly, late of
New York and even later of the O’Reilly
construction camp on the Quezon.

  For perhaps the tenth time in as many
minutes he cast a bleak stare of disap-
proval upon the deserted square and
cursed the climate of Rio Jamorca and
its invisible inhabitants with methodical
enthusiasm.

  And Galahad had reason to curse. For
two months following his arrival in the
South American republic Galahad had
sweltered in the heat of the tropical jun-
gle as technical head of the construction
company driving a spur line from the
main road to the American owned silver
mine at the head waters of the Quezon.

  For two months he had battled flies,
mosquitoes, and the thriving species of
venomous reptiles that abound in the
South American jungle. And now on his
first visit to the town he was met with
all the warmth and hospitality usually
accorded the rent collector on the first
of the month.

  Galahad pounded vehemently on the
iron table and added to the din by raising
his voice in a strident bellow.

  “Hey, waiter, service.”

  A bulky little man swathed in a soiled
white apron approached leisurely and
hung confidentially over Galahad’s
shoulder.

  “Si, Senor.”

  “Whiskey,” snapped Galahad peevish-
ly, “and plenty of it; and say Pedro, are
there any people in this village, women,
for instance?”

  The bulky little man smiled uncertain-
ly and bobbed his head in bewildered
agreement.

  “Si, senor, I get heem at once.”

  Galahad sighed morosely. “And that,”
he muttered, “is that. I certainly made a
star spangled ass of myself by coming to

this God forsaken rim of civilization. The
people can’t even speak English.”

  He sipped moodily at a glass of ex-
cellent liquor that was presently placed
before him and meditated upon the twist
of fate that had lifted him from his fav-
orite haunts on Broadway and placed
him in the midst of the Argentine jungle.

  So engrossed did he become in the
mental perusal of the sad events leading
to his banishment that he failed to notice
the approach of a solitary wayfarer along
the tree shaded walk.

  He became suddenly aware that he was
the object of scrutiny by a pair of cool
grey eyes that appraised him with evi-
dent amusement. She was young and
beautiful with the mysterious allure that
is so often the heritage of the latin wo-
man. Raven liued hair framed the oval of
her face forming a vivid contrast to the
frock of dazzling white which she wore.

  Galahad for the moment was speech-
less. That the village of Rio Jamorca
could produce anything as dainty and
fragilely beautiful as this diminutive
young woman was impossible. That she
should betray the slightest interest in
young Mr. O’Reilly was incomprehen-
sible.

  Recovering from his amazement, Gala-
had made a gallant effort to rise to the
occasion. The rickety iron chair
screeched its protest as Galahad rose
awkwardly.

  “Buenos noches, senorita,” he began
gallantly, “er—hablo—er—” for the mo-
ment he struggled with his scant knowl-
edge of Spanish, and then burst out ex-
plosively, “how in hell am I going to ask
her to join me in a drink.”

  At that the young woman moved leis-
urely across the paving and seated her-
self gracefully across the table from Gal-
ahad whose mouth dropped open in as-
tonishment.
4

GAY LIFE STORIES

  “Make mine a rum punch,” she said
languidly in perfect English.

  “You—you speak English.” It was not
so much a question as a statement of a
fact too miraculous to give credence. Gal-
ahad was still staggered.

  “Speak English? Of course I speak
English, I spent seventeen years in New
York.” She burst into a torrent of fluent
Spanish which changed the gentle amble
of the little waiter to something resem-
bling a gallop and turned her attention to
Galahad.

  “You looked so forlorn sitting here by
yourself that I thought I’d join you,” she
explained carelessly. “Besides it’s bad
for your disposition to drink alone.

  “You live here?” asked Galahad in-
anely, his eyes feasting on the beauty of
her features.

  “Naturally. Do I look as if I had walk-
ed over from the coast this morning?”
She sipped her liqueur with evident en-
joyment and crossed her slim legs care-
lessly before her.

  Galahad was charmed. The legs so en-
ticingly displayed were bare and seduc-
tively formed and the sheer silken shirt
fell away at the knee, exposing an ap-
preciable amount of nude thigh. The sit-
uation, decided Galahad, had possibili-
ties.

  “What I mean,” he explained hastily,
“is that you don’t look as though you
lived here. The few people I’ve seen in
the town all look like something the dog
found out in the alley and dragged in to
play with. You know—kinda ragged.”

  The girl shrugged disdainfully. “My
father is governor of this province. We
live here in the dry season because the
climate is so much better.”

  Galahad started. He had been in the
country long enough to realize that
young women of the upper classes were
not encouraged to make casual acquaint-

ances with strange young men; especial-
ly not the daughter of the Governor, a
crusty gentleman with old-fashioned
ideas and a violent temper.

  Galahad sighed heavily. “So you’re
the daughter of old Valento. That’s too
bad.”

  The girl looked up with bright inter-
est. “And why is it too bad?”

  “Burny-burn,” said Galahad glumly.
“My job depends a whole lot on your
old man’s good will. If he takes a dislike
to me he’s apt to get his back up and
forget all about the various concessions
lie’s made our company.”

  “But father,” explained the girl de-
murely, “isn’t here. He left for Callao
yesterday.”

  “And left you all alone?” There was
astonishment in Galahad’s voice.

  “Not quite. But my duenna was taken
ill last night, and so I’m practically alone.
I was frightfully lonesome,” she confided,
“and that’s why I walked down here to
see if you were young and nice looking.
If you had been old I would not have
stopped,” she confessed naively.

  “You knew there was a Yankee in
town ?”

  “Oh yes. You see the servants talk.”
“I was afraid of that,” muttered Gala-
had grimly. “But,” he added recklessly,
“let them. I’ll live in the present and let
the future take care of itself.” Aloud to
the girl he said:

  “You being practically a New Yorker,
and me just banished from the gay night
life, we ought to get together and plan
something, maybe talk over old times or
something like that.” He smiled engag-
ingly.

“By me,” said the girl, “that is swell.
Have you any other bright suggestions ?”
“Your name, for instance. If I knew
that, and you knew mine, we might feel
that we were properly introduced and all
GAY LIFE STORIES

5

that sort of thing.”

 The girl nodded. “Your name,” she
announced succinctly, “is O’Reilly. . . .
Galahad O’Reilly, the chorus girl’s
angel.”

 Galahad winced. “My God. How did
you know that ?”

  “Oh, we subscribe for the New York
papers. Father has taken quite an inter-
est in your various escapades. He always
holds you up as a bad example.”

  “I’ll bet he does at that,” breathed
Galahad. “And your name is . . .”
“Blanche. In Spanish it is Blanchita.”

“And then what?” asked Galahad.
“And then we might ... we might
read books,” suggested Blanchita slyly.

  “Books!” Galahad raised shocked
hands aloft. “My dear child, I never
read. A doctor once told me it was bad
for the eyes. He said do anything, but
don’t read books.”

  “Okay, we’ll follow your doctor’s ad-
vice.”

  Galahad was slightly bewildered.
“What do you mean, we’ll follow my
doctor’s advice ?”

“Just what I said. We’ll do anything.”

She glanced at him pertly. “You like it?”
“Naturally. I think I’ll call you Blan-
chita. I like it better. The question is
now, what do we do next?”

  “I’m a little girl all alone in a great
big house,” laughed Blanchita, “if that
means anything to you. I thought we
might have dinner ... a cocktail . . .
and then . .

What if your father
should return unexpect-
edly? He wouldn’t ex-
actly like it would he?
6

GAY LIFE STORIES

  Galahad drew a deep breath to ease the
rapid pounding of his heart. Surely this
was the stuff of which dreams were made
—the gossamer threads which novelists
wove into stories . . . the rare occasion
men spend a lifetime searching for.

  “We might begin our celebration
now,” he suggested, draining his glass at
a gulp.

  Together they wandered slowly
through the deserted streets of Rio
Jamorca conscious of the avid eyes that
watched their progress from behind the
chastely closed green shutters that were
barred to the late afternoon heat.

  They paused before a cool white build-
ing set in the midst of a spacious garden
where palmetto trees waved their delicate
fronds almost to the edge of the red tiled
roof, and Blanchita waved her hand
airily.

  “Senor, we are arrived at our destina-
tion.” She dropped him a mock curtsey
and led him through the huge grilled
gates into the silence of the patio. A
fountain splashed musically in its granite
basin.

  They dallied carelessly over iced
drinks served them by an aged servitor
until the sun sank out of sight in a golden
glow, and then Blanchita laid her small
hand on Galahad’s arm.

  “Come,” she said softly, “we shall have
dinner, and then you shall show me if
you are indeed named correctly.”

  “Named correctly,” echoed Galahad.

  “Wasn’t Galahad the White Knight?”

  Galahad smiled ruefully. “You’re jest-
ing. There’s nothing pure about me.”

  “That’s what I wanted to find out. I’m
tired of these men of my race who are so
afraid of my father.”

  “That’s another thing. You being here
alone and all that; won’t it be danger-
ous ?”

  Blanchita grinned impudently. “I hope

  “But listen,” Galahad said earnestly,
“what if your father should return un-
expectedly. He wouldn’t exactly like it,
would he?”

She appeared before him clad in
a filmy negligee.

  “Pouf!” Blanchita snapped her fingers.
“Are you afraid of my father?” she
taunted, “there is yet time for you to
return to your construction camp.”
GAY LIFE STORIES

7

  Galahad was stung by the thinly veiled
scorn in her voice. He moved impulsively
toward her and slipped his arm about her
waist and thrilled to the feel of her soft
flesh. For a long moment he gazed into
her eyes, consciously of the fleeting ter-
ror in their depths ... of the labored
rise and fall of her hard young breasts,
and then he slowly pressed his lips
against the moist sweetness that were her
lips.

  As their bodies melted together a great
passion surged through Galahad for this
girl whom he had met so casually. He
pressed her yielding body closer and
bruised her lips with his caresses.

  Breathlessly he released her, wonder-
ing at the starry beauty of her eyes.

  “Come,” she whispered tremulously,
“tonight is made for love, tomorrow . . .”
she shrugged expressively, “tomorrow is
another day.”

  Together they made their way through
the silent house until they stood before a
carved oaken door studded with great
brass bolts.

  “Beyond this door,” murmured Blan-
chita, “lies my room . . . and love.” She
turned the latch and they stood in the
darkened confines of a room. That it was
her room, Galahad knew immediately.

  The faint scent of the delicate perfume
she used clung to the atmosphere like a
benediction. Her hand clasping his she
led him to a deep window seat placed
beneath the grilled window. Beyond the
horizon a great yellow moon was pushing
its way into the sky. A soft breeze stirred
the trees in the garden below.

  “Sit here and wait for me,” whispered
Blanchita, brushing Galahad’s brow with
her lips. She was gone, but he could hear
a faint rustling of silken garments as she
moved about.

  Presently she returned to his side and
he caught his breath in wonder at the
sheer loveliness of her. In the faint light

of the moon she appeared before him clad
in a filmy negligee that revealed her glo-
rious arms and shoulders. He crushed
her pliant body to him hungrily.

  Galahad took no notice of the passage
of time. In the enchanted hours that
passed on the wings of fleeting love, he
lay drowsily in the arms of the girl whom
he had suddenly come to love. They were
silent, meeting on the common ground of
a love that had no need for words.

  Suddenly the silence was shattered by
a crashing rap on the door. For one tense
moment they lay rigid and then the sum-
mons was repeated.

  “Blanchita, my child,” roared a voice.
“My God,” breathed Galahad, “and all
the windows barred.”

  “Blanchita,” roared the voice, “open
this door before I kick it down.”

  Galahad shrugged philosophically.
“Better open it, sweet.”

  “He shan’t hurt you, my love; I won’t
let him,” consoled Blanchita, slipping her
feet into mules. “Just keep cool.”

  “Keep cool,” stuttered Galahad, “I’m
so cool now my teeth are chattering.”
He hurriedly tried his tie, making a
ragged job of it in the dark and seated
himself in the window in what he hoped
was a casual attitude.

  Into the room burst a bulky figure
carrying an old-fashion lamp. Galahad,
who had never met the governor, had an
impression of ferocious mustachios that
curled up to meet small pig-like eyes that
were sparkling with ill-concealed rage.

  “Aha, so it’s true,” bellowed the in-
truder, “a man, and in my daughter’s
bedroom. I’ll have your life for this.”

  He shook off the hand Blanchita laid
beseechingly upon his arm and strode
closer to Galahad. “Pig! What are you
doing here?”

  “What does it look like I’m doing,”
demanded Galahad sardonically, "read-
ing the gas meter ?”
8

GAY LIFE STORIES

  “So, it pleases you to be humorous,”
snarled the governor, “you can afford to
joke?”

  “But father . . ”

“Silence,” roared Senor Valento
fiercely, “I can attend to this matter.” He
turned to glare at Galahad. “Well, young
man, what have you to say for yourself ?”
“Well,” hedged Galahad, thinking rap-

idly, “if you just give me a little time
I can explain everything. You see . .

  “Time. Ha! He wants time. I’ll give
him time, I’ll give him life. I’ll give
him . . .”

  “While you’re giving things away,”
murmured Galahad, reaching for his
cigarette case, “could you give me a
light?”

He shan’t hurt you, my love; I won’t let him," consoled Blanchita,
slipping her feet into mules.
GAY LIFE STORIES

9

  The governor paused, his face purp-
ling at Galahad’s effrontery. "Por Dios,”
he gasped, “do you think to joke with
me, you who have shamed my family;
made of my honor a thing to be laughed
at ? I think I shall kill you.”

  “My father wouldn’t like that at all,”
decided Galahad, inspecting the glowing
end of his cigarette, “and he’s a very
nasty person to deal with when he’s
angry. And not only that, but if you
should kill me your daughter and I would
not be able to get married.”

  "Marry my daughter!” The governor
recoiled as if he had been struck in the
face. “You didn’t ask me.”

  “No,” pointed out Galahad carefully,
“I didn’t. In fact I hadn’t thought of
marrying you at all.”

  “In this country marriages are ar-
ranged by the parents,” thundered the
governor.

  “And in some countries they are ar-
ranged in heaven, but they don’t seem to
turn out as well as those arranged by the
two persons most interested,” countered
Galahad coolly.

  He felt Blanchita’s arm steal through
his, and the pressure of her body at his
side and the sense of her nearness gave
him added courage.

  “Your Excellency,” appealed Galahad,
“I was hasty in paying suit to your

daughter without first addressing you,
but in my country women choose their
own mates. Blanchita and I love each
other. We plan to marry. Have we your
consent ?”

  His Excellency passed his hand over
his brow in a bewildered gesture.

  “You . . . you love this man, child,”
he importuned hesitantly, “this man you
know nothing about ?”

  “I love him father, and I know all
about him.”

  “Know all about him,” gasped the gov-
ernor, “who then, in heaven’s name, is
he?”

  “This is Galahad O’Reilly,” quavered
Blanchita, pressing closer to Galahad.

  “Not Pig Head O’Reilly’s son?” thun-
dered His Excellency.

  “Yes, sir. That’s what they used to
call him in college,” admitted Galahad in
surprise.

  “Pig Head O’Reilly’s son,” mused the
governor, smiling benignly on Galahad
and reaching for the cigarette case in his
hand, “well, well, well. We went to
school together. I remember him well.
This is fine..’ He lit a cigarette and blew
a vast cloud of smoke at the ceiling. “I’ll
cable your father tomorrow so he can get
here in time for the wedding.” He paused
and stared at Galahad amusedly.

  She was only a Photographer's
Daughter, But OH — How she was
DEVELOPED.

  Don't forget to have your news-
dealer reserve your next month's copy
of PARISIENNE REVUE and GAY
LIFE STORIES.
HOW THEY DO IT
OUT WEST

By Evaline French

EX MAYO breezed into Neil
Wayne’s apartment with an
exuberance that characterized
all his movements. “Hey,
Handsome!” he called, “met a smooth
girl who is just your speed. Come out
and get the lowdown.”

  “Not interested,” drawled a voice from
the bathroom.

  Rex snickered. That was good from
old Neil, who counted the day lost that
didn't bring a pretty face, a new intrigue.
Who couldn’t resist feminine allure any
more than a bee could resist the sweet

"This isn’t Rex’s apartment,” protested Joe.
GAY LIFE STORIES

11

fragrance of spring flowers.

  “Wait ’til you see her,” he went on.
“Your technique is good but this gal’s
is better. She radiates sex appeal. And
curves! Man, she’s got plenty, and other
things besides! She’s just in town for a
visit. Her home is in the West where
men are men and women go after ’em.
I told her about you and she said to bring
you around and she would give you a
few pointers on how red men make
love.”

  Neil strode in, clad only in a pair of
silk shorts that clung to his muscular
litheness. He was suffering from a hang-
over and took no pains to hide his vile
humor. “Listen, Sap,” he said wearily,
“do I have to draw you a diagram? /
am not interested! I don’t care how many
curves she has. I’ve examined plenty at
close range, alike!”

  Rex shrugged his shoulders. “OK,”
he said in disgust, “if that’s the way you
feel about it.” Neil, he decided, certainly
must have been on an awful bender to
become a misogynist over night. It
sounded fishy. He picked up his gray
fedora and pulled it down rakishly over
one eye, admiring the effect. He knew
he didn’t have Neil’s way with women,
but as he often remarked facetiously, he
had had his moments.

  “So long, Grouch,” he said taking his
departure, “and if you should change
your mind about women, drop in at chez
moi tonight and admit that my judgment
in some things is unerring.”

  Neil lit a cigarette and stared morosely
at his reflection in the mirror. His dark
handsome face, his crisp blue-black hair,
his superb physique brought him no sat-
isfaction. He was fed up with everything!
With girls who melted in his embrace at
a word! With red lips that fastened
themselves hungrily on his! With eyes
whose promise was not even thinly
veiled! “And man is supposed to be the

pursuer,” he thought in disgust.

  Mr. Wayne’s little boy, Neil, hadn’t
been born with a silver spoon in his
mouth. It had been platinum with a dia-
mond-encrusted handle for good mea-
sure. His motto was “eat, drink, and be
merry, for tomorrow you may wake up
and find yourself married.” He had

ivear her down, eh?

learned, with the ease born of long prac-
tice, to avoid the matrimonial trap, prom-
ising himself vaguely that when the right
girl came along he would marry her pro-
perly with bell, book, and ring. To date
the numerous girls who asked nothing
12

GAY LIFE STORIES

better than to be Mrs. Neil Wayne had
been unable to discover just what Neil’s
conception of the “right” girl was. Mean-
while he went his merry way, a suave
dilettante who showered his favors on a
different girl every night.

  He honored Miss Jane Carteret, his
only living relative, with one of his rare
visits that afternoon and politely listened
to a long tirade against the morals of the
younger generation. By evening he felt
clear-headed and his old self again. But
the satiated feeling lingered. He still
wanted something different!

  He thumbed his well-worn address
book idly. It contained the names of
dozens of girls whom he could call at the
last minute and be assured a flattering
reception. A well-manicured forefinger
went down the pages alphabetically be-
ginning with Alden, Jean, a diminutive
blonde, and ending with a torid little
number who answered to the name of
Marie Zelli. Neil thought of Marie’s
languorous black eyes, her overripe
breasts, her passionate lips of vivid crim-
son. Maybe under the spell of her kisses
he could recapture his lost zest for living.
He picked up the telephone to call her
when Rex Mayo’s taunt flashed through
his mind: “Your technique is good but
this gal’s is better . . . she said she would
give you a few pointers on how real men
make love.” The memory of the words
flicked Neil’s vanity like a lash. So this
girl from the West thought she was good
enough to show him a few things, did
she? Well, he was just in the humor to
call her bluff and when he got through
with her she would do no more boasting
this side of the Rockies.

  He felt quite cheerful about the even-
ing in prospect. He could kill two birds
with one stone. Settle a grudge against
Rex for talking out of turn and teach a
beautiful boaster her amatory A, B, C’s.

  When he arriver at Mayo’s apartment

the living room was quite but sounds
from the kitchen told him that the party
had reached a hilarious state. Divesting
himself of coat and hat he saw that the
room held one occupant, a girl asleep on
the divan. Intuitively Neil knew this was
the girl Rex had told him about. She had
set the stage and no doubt warned Rex
to keep the bunch out. Probably been
waiting for hours.

  Neil had expected to see a generous
display of curves but he was disappoint-
ed. The girl was stretched out full length
but her legs were covered, with only two
trim ankles peeping discreetly out. Her
dinner dress of coral moire was modest-
ly cut and her shouldres and breasts were
hidden. She either wore no make-up,
Neil decided, or she had done an un-
usually good paint job.

  “She would look like that,” he thought
sardonically, remembering another girl
he knew who looked like a virgin but
thought the word meant a new kind of
drink. This modesty trick didn’t fool him
a bit.

  He sat down on the edge of the divan,
wondering what her boasted technique
was. She certainly didn’t look very sizz-
ling, more like a school girl with her
mass of golden hair and delicate, fresh-
looking skin.

  At last the girl opened her eyes and
stared at Neil. “Hello,” she said drowsi-
ly, “have I been sleeping long ?”

  “Too long,” retorted Neil. “You’re
wasting precious time. Didn’t anybody
ever tell you that it’s bad manners to
sleep at parties?”

  The girl widened her blue eyes naively.
“Nobody,” she announced flippantly,
“seemed to care what I did.” Then ab-
ruptly: “Aren’t you Neil Wayne?”
“Now isn’t it surprising?” mocked
Neil, “that you should know my name.
I’m flattered.”

  “I’m Jill Painter, I . . .,” she began
GAY LIFE STORIES

13

when Neil interrupted. It’s all been told,
Jill Painter. You have a good press
agent.”

  “What have you hear about me? I’m
curious,” said Jill as Neil helped her to
her feet.

  “Oh, among other things that you eat
little boys like me before breakfast. But
let’s dance, it’s more intimate,” he an-
swered.

  From the radio came the strains of a
tantalizing foxtrot. Neil took Jill in his
arms. Her golden head rested against his
heart and he caught the whiff of faint
seductive perfume. The skin that touched
his was delicately cool. His arms tight-
ened about her and his lips sought hers,
but to his surprise Jill turned her head.
“I’d rather you didn’t,” she said, “after
all, we’re practically strangers.”

  Neil’s jaw dropped in chagrin. What
was the big idea? He wasn’t in the habit
of forcing his kisses. But to have them
refused! Consternation gripped him for
a minute, then he chuckled to himself. So
she was a teaser and he would have to
wear her down, eh? Well, he had won
endurance contests before and the night
was but a pup.

  After a couple of dances Jill suggested
that they join the rest of the party but
Neil had a better idea. He knew from
experience that the combination of moon-
light, moonshine, and the coziness of his
low-hung roadster was hard for a girl to
resist. Besides, there was a spot in
Schenley Park that was a perfect spot
to pet.

  He drove expertly with one hand and
Jill offered no objection when he placed
his other arm around her, but that was
as far as he got. The petting party he had
anticipated didn’t materialize. Jill became
more desirable every moment. Piqued,
Neil told himself that he didn’t care par-
ticularly about kissing her but he hated
to admit that he couldn’t if he wanted to.

"Oh, well,” yaivned Wanda. "Why ivorry?
I might not have liked him anyway . . . ”

He drove down the Boulevard and
parked the car in front of an ornate
apartment building.

   “This isn’t Rex’s apartment,” protest-
ed Jill.
14

GAY LIFE STORIES

  “No. I live here. I think we need a
drink to pep us up.”

  “I’d rather not, really.”

  “Say! What’s the big idea?” asked
Neil, his voice edged with sarcasm,
“afraid I’ll eat you?”

  No-o-o,” said Jill.

  “Then up we go,” and without waiting
Neil opened the door of the car and
escorted Jill across the foyer to the el-
evator.

  Inside his apartment Neil pressed a
button and bathed the luxurious living
room in soft light. He made Jill comfort-
able on the divan and proceeded to mix
two drinks. One extra strong for his
guest who was entirely too sober.

  “Sorry I haven’t any tequila to offer
you,” he said handing Jill a glass, “but
this is pretty good stuff.”

  Jill took one sip, grimaced, and set the
glass down.

  “For the love of Mike, drink up!”
ordered Neil. “You haven’t taken enough
to dampen your tonsils.”

  “I don’t like it,” laughed Jill, wrink-
ling her nose.

  “Quit stalling, Baby.” Neil was get-
ting angry. “I have your number and you
can’t pull that ingenue stuff around here.
You are going to ‘bottoms up’ on that
drink and like it!”

  “No, I’m not,” said Jill serenely, light-
ing a cigarette.

  “What a hell of a poor sport you
turned out to be!”

  Jill’s eyes flashed dangerously. “If I
were a man you wouldn’t say that!”

  “All right. I’m from Missouri and
willing to be shown,” said Neil taking a
pack of cards from the desk. “Here’s a
new deck. High card wins. If I win you
take that drink and give me a kiss. Not
that I want to kiss you,” he offered
coolly, “you aren’t the type that appeals
to me, but just to show me you are game.
If you win I’ll take you back to the party

and keep both hands on the wheel. Fair
enough ?”

  Jill studied the rhinestone buckles on
her pumps a moment, then she said non-
committally, “Fair enough.”

  Neil held out the deck and Jill drew a
card. It was the deuce of hearts. Neil
drew an ace, laughing triumphantly. “I’ll
be a generous winner,” he promised.
“Take your choice. The drink first or the
kiss.”

  In answer Jill raised her glass and
without removing it from her lips
drained it. “Now take your kiss,” she
invited.

  Neil’s pulses were pounding. He had
waited a long time for this kiss. Anticipa-
tion was sweet. Now he knew it was his
for the taking, he could wait a little
longer. “How about something to eat
first?” he suggested although food was
the last thing he had craved. Surprisingly
Jill agreed.

  “I’m not hungry for food, either,” an-
swered Neil thickly, switching out the
lights. He took Jill in his arms and
strained her to him but he did not kiss
her. Yet, instead, one hand fumbled at
the catch of her dress. A shoulder strap
gave way under the strain and the stiff
silk slid to the floor. Neil made the de-
lightful discovery that Jill’s charms were
no longer hidden. Not even a brassiere
to halt predatory fingers! Starting at two
dimpled knees, his hands traveled up-
ward in thrilling exploration. Satin-
smooth thighs. A waist so slender he
could have encircled it with his hands.
Budding breasts that fluttered like fright-
ened doves as he kissed them. He feasted
on their nectar until he remembered that
this was but the prelude of pleasure to
follow. Jill’s lips! She wasn’t cool now.
He could feel her heart beating wildly
and her skin was warm under his moist
hands. He crushed her mouth to his in a
breath-taking kiss.
GAY LIFE STORIES

15

  At last, spent with emotion. Jill gave	The following evening Rex Mayo was

a long shivering sigh. “Oh-o-o,” she	busy. His business concerned Miss

breathed. “I never knew it would be like	Wanda Bayne, a luscious bundle of

this!”	curves from Denver and points West.

He crushed her mouth to his, in a breath taking kiss.

   “What?” asked Neil stupidly, still real men get kissed. The doorbell buzzed,
dizzy from the intensity of his emotion, but Rex, weak from her kisses, didn’t
"Love!” said Jill faintly.	move. Finally a voice yelled out “tele-
16

GAY LIFE STORIES

gram” and he went grumbling to the
door, accepted the yellow envelope and
ripped it hastily open. Reading the con-
tents he roared with laughter. “Get a
load of this!”

  “You win—Western technique made
  me fall—Jill and I married today—
  Sailing for Europe tonight—When we
  get back you can write your own tick-
  et— Boy am I happy—Neil.”

  “Can you beat it ?” demanded Rex ex-
citedly. “Neil falling for a kid like Jill ?”
“And who,” queried Wanda languidly,
“is Jill?”

  “My kid cousin,” explained Rex.
“She’s always had a crush on Neil and
last night she crashed the party. She’s

been away at boarding school a couple
of years. She doesn’t drink and I don’t
suppose she’s been kissed a dozen times
in her life. And as for Western technique,
she’s never been West of Pittsburgh that
I know of. It’s a shame,” he said sadly,
“Neil marrying Jill when he might have
had you.”

  “Oh, well,” yawned Wanda. “Why
worry? I might not have liked him any-
way. He sounds terribly conceited. And
besides,” she added, giving Rex a come-
hither glance, “you aren’t so bad your-
self.”

  “Well,” confessed Rex, once more at-
tending to the business at hand, “I have
had my moments.”

Wife: "Darling!"

Husband: "Yes, dear?"

Wife: "Don't be stupid, Billie; you

know I have the dog in my arms!"

If you like your stories filled with
issue of Parisienne Revue and Gay Lif

TUNNEL OF LOVE

  He: "If I had known that the tunnel
 was going to be so long I would have
 d it."

  She: "Didn't you did it?"

  He: "Why no!"

She: "Well — Somebody did it!"

PICE, GINGER, and PEP, read every
Stories.
















DOT GETS
     A PROPOSITION

By Alice Hill

AYLE HUDSON was feeling
unusually fit on this warm
Summer afternoon. Felt hat
tipped down to shield his eyes
from the too-bright sun, flannel shirt
open at bronzed neck, hands thrust deep
into the pockets of whipcord breeches, he
strolled lazily along the bank of the river.
His body was of athletic proportions, and
his sun-tanned face bore the clear, clean-
cut appearance of a man well in both
body and mind. He was ruggedly hand-
some, keenly alive, imbued with lithe
strength and slumbering energy.

  Rounding a bend in the river, he seat-
ed himself upon a fallen log, to idle away
a few minutes in admiration of the peace-
ful scene before him.

  The surface of the water was calm and
unruffled, and it gave an eye-dazzling
sheen where struck by the oblique rays
of the declining sun. The bank leading
down to the water was weed-grown and
grassy, sloping gradually from a hill
covered by a sparse growth of scraggly
timber. The air was balmy and warm,
with scarcely a breeze stirring. Frogs
croaked; insects hummed; dreamy tran-
quility hung over all.

  Gayle’s squinting eyes picked out an
object small and white laying on the
grass in the shade of a tree. Shielding his
eyes with his hand, he stared again and
gave vent to a low exclamation of sur-
prise. Glancing out over the water, he
was able to observe that which, because
of sun-blindness, had escaped him before.
For a long moment, he sat as one in a
trance, staring—simply staring!
34

GAY LIFE STORIES

  Then a humorous smile winkled his
sun-tanned face and brought warm
twinkles into his eyes. The smile turned
into a grin of downright deviltry and
with an abrupt movement, he rose.
Walking softly, his gaze still fastened on
something far out in the water, he moved
silently down the bank of the stream un-
til he came to the shadowy tree. There
he stopped.

   At his feet lay a small pile of clothes—
feminine garments of apparel. Dainty
moccasins, a pair of silk stockings, a
short sports skirt, a silk blouse, a filmy
bit of lingerie, a mannish sort of felt
slouch hat; the sort of things usually
affected by ladies who go camping dur-
ing their vacations. An attractive en-
semble of body covering, seemingly with-
out a body to cover!

  The body, however—as Gayle had al-
ready discovered—was far out in the
river enjoying the cooling effect of the
calm, unruffled water! It was unde and
white—very white in contrast to the
background of green hillside and trees;
a nymph-like thing in a pagan setting,
an object to admire and adore!

  The lady was standing in shallow
water near the opposite bank of the river,
immersed to a line just above her hips,
so that only her torso was visible. She
was standing with back turned, and ap-
peared deeply interested in the antics of
a pair of birds who had built their nest
in a tree nearby. She had not yet seen
Gayle nor been made aware of a pres-
ence other than her own. She was wholly
unsuspecting.

  But suddenly, she turned and started
wading toward the bank on which she
had left her garments. Perhaps some sub-
tle instinct warned her, or maybe she
saw Gayle’s reflection in the mirror-like
surface of the water. Anyhow, all at
once, she raised her eyes and discovered
him!

  He caught the expression of swift sur-
prise that spread over her lovely face,
the look of alarm and fright that leaped
into her glowing eyes. He heard her gasp
and stifle an exclamation. lie witnessed
the flushing of her cheeks as she realized
that she had been seen. And he saw her
stop abruptly and clasp both arms over
her bare, wet breasts!

  It was the age-old gesture of the wo-
man surprised; purely involuntary,
prompted by the feminine instinct to
protect and shield her intimate charms.
But, in this instance, it came too late!
For Gayle had already seen!

  There was a brief pause, a tense sil-
ence—then:

  “Well,” she remarked coldly, “you
have me at a disadvantage! Yet you must
realize how embarrassing the situation is
for me, and I trust you will prove to be
a gentleman!”

  Gayle did not at once reply. He was
too greatly absorbed in watching circular
ripples of water beat against the woman’s
undulating waist as she moved. He was
trying to discover if the transparency of
the water would permit him to glimpse
things that lay below the surface. But in
a moment he found his voice.

  “I’m sorry,” he stammered. “I’m
afraid I don’t understand!”

  “Then you are not a gentleman!” she
stated flatly. “A gentleman would at least
have the decency to apologize for intrud-
ing upon a lady’s privacy."

  Gayle stared, a smile twitching his
lips; she glared back at him, eyes hot
with anger and humiliation.

  “I assure you I did not mean to in-
trude,” he informed her. “I had no idea
you were here! I was just out walking—
say, for my health!”

  There was another brief pause, then:
“Then perhaps you will kindly go
away, so I may come ashore and dress,”
she said icily.
GAY LIFE STORIES

35

  “Why do you want me to go away?”
he asked provokingly. “There’s room for
two under this tree! And I won’t inter-
fere with your dressing!”

  The lady grew pale with anger and her
eyes flashed dangerously. She glanced at

her clothes, then far down the river, as
if pondering whether to sacrifice her
modesty or swim home. Finally, she
turned, chin resolute and defiant.

“All right, cheap guy!” she gritted.
“I’ll come out! And when I do, I’ll teach

"He saw in my unfortunate predicament a chance to projit!
36

GAY LIFE STORIES

you what it means to insult} a lady! I’ll
slap that fresh mouth of yours, if it’s my
last act on earth!”

  Gayle threw back his head and roared.
Then abruptly, he checked his laughter
as he observed the expression on her
face.

  “Why, Dorothy!” he said gently, “I
wouldn’t have believed you capable of
such savage emotions!”

  “Dorothy !”■ she exclaimed, with a
complete change of manner. “Do you
know me?”

  “Of course, I know you, Dorothy
Ellis,” he chuckled. “Do you suppose I’d
have dared pull this kid stuff if you had
been a strange woman ? Knowing you as
I do, I was sure you’d forgive me!”

  Still laughing at her surprise, he re-
moved his hat so that the rim wouldn’t
shade his face.

  “Gayle!” she exclaimed, after glimps-
ing his features. “Why, Gayle Hudson,
what are you doing here in these hills?”
“Spending my vacation,” he replied.
“Living in a shack about a mile down the
river.”

  “Great! Splendid! We’ll have to renew
our acquaintance, won’t we?”

  “Of course,” he assured her. “But—
aren’t you afraid of catching cold?
Hadn’t you better come out now ?”

  She hesitated, cheeks flushing faintly
pink. Gayle waited, smiling mischievous-
ly-

  “I’m not exactly a prude,” she said
finally. “But—well, you know how it is!
The sun’s too darned bright! Turn your
back, Gayle, won’t you ?”

  Gayle laughingly complied with her
wishes, and the next moment he heard
her splash out upon the bank, and knew
that she was hastily donning her clothes.

  Five minutes later, they were sitting
side by side on the green grass, gazing
fondly into each other’s eyes.

  “Just fancy meeting you here!” he
murmured.

  “Oh, it’s not so strange!” she replied.
“I’m vacationing, too! The funny part of
it is that we should have decided to
spend our vacations in the same part of
the world. How do you account for
that?”

"The sun’s too darn bright. Turn your back,
Gayle, won’t you?"

  “I can’t,” he confessed. “It’s been a
year since we saw each other last. I
couldn’t have known your plans, nor
could you have known mine. It must
have been telepathy, or something!”

  “More likely fate,” she said lightly.

  They gazed hungrily at each other for
a moment, and smiled. Evidently, they
GAY LIFE STORIES

37

had been acquainted before coming to
the hills.

  “Where are you stopping?” he asked
curiously.

  “Summer cottage back there !” She
jerked her head indicatively. “It’s noth-
ing extra, but good enough.”

  Gayle slipped his hand over hers and
caressed her with his eyes. “Prettier than
ever!” he murmured. . . . “But the same
blue eyes and golden hair!”

  She chuckled and regarded him warm-
ly.

  “Aren't you working for Thompson
any more?” he asked.

  “Oh, sure! Holding down the well-
known secretarial position, same as usu-
al ! But even the secretary to a Wall
Street broker must have her two weeks
of rest, you know. All work and no play
makes Jill a wall flower!”

  “I know,” he murmured. “I was just
wondering how you managed—”

  “You mean about the finances?”

  He nodded apologetically.

  “Your curiosity is only natural under
the circumstances,” she said, and her
voice grew rather strained. ‘T never was
blessed with money, for a fact! But in
this instance, at least, there was a way!”
She paused, and glanced out over the
river, avoiding his eyes.

  There was a moment of silence. Then
Gayle slipped his arm about her slender
waist and drew her close to him. He em-
braced her tenderly as he murmured:
“Of course, it’s none of my business,
dear. I shouldn’t be so dammed inquisi-
tive ! . . . But you know how I have al-
ways felt toward you, Dot! . . . I—I wish
you’d give me the lowdown on this. It
seems funny, my meeting you away off
out here; I get the impression that
there’s some mystery back of it all.”

  Her hand crept up and closed over
his; she turned her head that she might
gaze into his eyes.

  “I can’t keep secrets with you, Gayle,”
she whispered. “But I’m afraid you’ll
hate me when the mystery has been dis-
pelled !”

  “Hate you? — never!” he said em-
phatically. “What’s the answer—Thomp-
son ?”

  She nodded. “He owns the Summer
cottage where I’m staying; that’s why
I’m here instead of—somewhere else.”

  “I see,” Gayle muttered. “Is he here,
with you?”

  “Not at present. But he came out with
me a few days ago.”

  “You—you’ve been living with him—
here ?”

  For a moment Dorothy was silent,
staring moodily at the ground. Then with
a slow flush creeping into her cheeks,
she raised her head and stared Gayle
38

GAY LIFE STORIES

squarely in the eyes.

  “Yes,” she said dully. “You may as
well know the truth, Gayle. I’m a
keptee!”

  “I—I’m sorry,” he mumbled. “I—I
wish this hadn’t happened! For your
sake, darling!”

  “Yes,” she said, “I believe you do—
and I believe you are sincere! .... I,
too, wish it hadn’t happened. Of course,
I might explain matters; but it would
probably sound as if I were only search-
ing for excuses.”

  “Tell me!” he said, dropping a kiss in
her golden hair. “I won’t misunderstand
honey! I’ll know you’re speaking the
truth.”

  She gave a short sigh and leaned
closer, resting her head on his broad
shoulder. At the moment, she seemed
very tired, very weary of her recent past
and all she had gone through.

  “It was mother,” she began. “I had to
do something for her sake. Of course,
you know I’ve been her sole support ever
since I wrent to work. There was nobody
else to do for her; it had to be me!”

  “I understand,” he breathed.

  “Well, she was taken sick—desperate-
ly sick! She had to be taken to the hos-
pital, and she had to have a serious oper-
ation. Doctors, nurses, X-Ray pictures—
all of those things cost money, Gayle.
My small savings weren’t enough. They
were depleted during the first few weeks.
I needed at least five hundred dollars to
square everything. And I didn’t have it
and didn’t know where to get it. I was
almost frantic with worry and anxiety.

  “Poor kid!” he murmured, patting her
shoulder gently.

  “I went to my boss, Thompson,” she
continued. “I told him my story and
asked his advice. I asked him if he knew
of some way by which I might raise the
needed money. Some legitimate, busi-
nesslike way, I meant. Well, Thompson

has been my employer for three years.
During that time, he has been kind to me
after a fashion. But he is always the un-
scrupulous man in matters pertaining to
business. He’s shrewd and cunning! He
saw in my unfortunate predicament a
chance for him to profit!”

  “The dirty devil!” Gayle muttered
under his breath.

  “He made me a proposition. I needed
five hundred dollars to care for my
mother. He would place that amount to
my credit, providing I would agree to
spend a week with him here in these
hills! I could accept the offer or—let it
alone! . . . Well, it was my only chance!
What else could I have done? I thought
of my future; I thought of—you, Gayle!
And then I thought of that poor woman,
my mother, who was then lying at death’s
door!”

  “I know,” Gayle said huskily. “You
did quite right! Don’t let it worry you!”
“I paid the bills, and engaged a nurse
to care for mother during her convales-
cence. I fixed everything nice for her. I
told her that my boss was sending me to
a branch office for a few days, to take
another girl’s place. Then I packed a few
things and came here with him! . . . It—7
it seems rather awful in a way, and yet—
I’m not sorry, Gayle, when I think of
what it meant to her! . . . .”

  Gayle stared at the mass of golden hair
so close to his face, and hugged the girl
tighter in his arms. He tipped her head
back and dropped a kiss upon her sensi-
tive lips.

  “Why didn’t you come to me?” he
asked. “You must have known that I’d'
help you!”

  “Yes, Gayle,” she murmured. “You’ve
been sweet to me in the past. I’m sure
you’d have helped me. But—I didn’t
know where to find you! We hadn’t seen
each other for ages.”

  “That’s so,” he muttered. “How is
GAY LIFE STORIES

39

your mother now ?”

  “Almost well. She’ll probably be fully
recovered by the time I get home.”
“Umm—perhaps not,” he said gruffly.
“Why, what do you mean?”

  “You’re going home sooner than you
intended,” he explained.

  “You mean—?” She suddenly sat up,
staring wide-eyed into his face.

  “You’re going to move—from Thomp-
son’s cottage over to my shack,” Gayle
announced. “Then we’re going in to town
the first thing in the morning! . . . You
say Thompson is away at present ?”

  “Yes. He received a message which
took him back to the city early this
morning. Some business matter, I be-
lieve. But he intended to return some
time today!’

  “Yeah ! Well, he’s here now !” spoke a
gruff voice behind them.

  Dorothy and Gayle sprang to their
feet and whirled to stare. There, but a
few feet distant, stood Thompson—big,
corpulent, aggressive, a fifty-cent cigar
in his mouth, a fatuous sneer on his fat
face. He had returned unexpectedly and
crept upon them unawares.

  “Dot,” he snapped, “who’s this guy?”
“A—a friend of mine,” she stammered.
“Mr. Hudson!”

  “Two-timing me, eh?”

  “No, no! Honest, our meeting was
quite accidental; I had no idea he was
anywhere near here. But it happens that
lie’s vacationing in a shack down the
river. We just chanced to meet, here, to-
day !”

  Thompson chewed his cigar savagely
and spat. “Hell,” he growled. “Do you
expect me to believe that?”

  “Believe it or not, Mr. Thompson,”
Gayle cut in swiftly, “it happens to be
the truth! Moreover, Miss Ellis has de-
cided that she won’t be in a position to
remain the rest of the week with you!

I’m taking her back to town with me the
first thing in the morning!”

  “Oh, yeah ?” Thompson glared and his
bull neck turned almost purple.

  “Yeah!” said Gayle, mimicking the
man’s tone and manner. “I understand
that you forced her to enter a certain
agreement before bringing her out here,
an agreement by means of which she re-
ceived from you something like five hun-
dred dollars.”

  “That’s true!” said Thompson.

“Very well,” said Gayle quietly. “I
merely wished you to know that it shall
be my pleasure to give you a refund!”
“And I’ll accept it!” said Thompson
promptly.

  “Very well,” said Gayle, his voice dan-
gerously calm. “Here it is!” And with
the last word, he stepped forward and
drove a straight clean punch to the big
man’s jaw!

  The blow came swiftly and was whole-
ly unexpected. Thompson gasped, stag-
gered backward and fell sprawling on the
ground.

  “That, 1 believe, squares the account,”
said Gayle, with great satisfaction. Then
turning toward Dorothy, he took her arm
and led her down the bank of the river.

  “Oh, Gayle!” she murmured, gazing
proudly into his face.

  “Tomorrow,” he said gruffly, “you’ll
be at home with your sick mother! And
while you’re there, I’ll be down town
hunting up a license and a minister!
We’re going to be married !”

    Reserve your next months
 copy of Pan’sienne Revue, and
 Gey Life Stories.

     Your newsdealer will be glad
  to accommodate you.
40

GAY LIFE STORIES

THE HOTTEST HOTEL IN TOWN
CARNIVAL OF PASSION

                By Jerome Fresco

—wi— OUELLA was in a terrible
11 I quandary. Just a few minutes
before, her dad had caught
’ her in a most compromising
on the davenport with Dicky
Alderson, and at the point of an anti-
quated revolver, had marched them up
the adjoining rooms on the third floor
of the family home and locked them in!
Before he had closed the doors of their
respective dungeons, however, he had
announced his intention to drive to the
city at once, and when he returned, he
swore that he would be accompanied by
a fast-working Justice-of-the-Peace!
42

GAY LIFE STORIES

  Louella knew full well his intentions:
A shot-gun wedding with all the custom-
ary accessories, and an ensuing lecture
that would be certain to bore her to ex-
tinction.

  She could have cried out in helpless
rage. Daddy hadn’t understood; for once
even the evidence of an eye-witness was
at fault. For she hadn’t really been guilty
of anything wrong!

  Dicky was a sweet boy and all that,
but she could scarcely contemplate a life-
time at his side. Tonight, under the spell
of half a dozen cocktails, she had per-
mitted him a few intimacies — but he
hadn’t even thrilled her the least bit! And
then her daddy had to walk in on them
and accuse them of violating every sec-
tion of the alleged moral code! What a
series of miserable breaks—and what a
drab future to contemplate!

  The sound of gentle tapping on the
door communicating with the room into
which Dickey had been bundled reached
her ears. She stepped across the interven-
ing space and placed her head to the
panel.

  “Lonesome, Dickey?” she inquired,
with a sickly attempt at pleasantry.

  The echo of his grunt was plainly dis-
cernible. “No!” he snorted. “Let me in!”

  “Can’t; Daddy took the key away with
him.” She ceased speaking as a sudden
thought flitted through her mind. “But
I think there’s an old key in the bureau
drawer,” she finished.

  “That’s a good girl.” Dicky's tone was
tense.

  Louella hurried to the bureau and
drew open one of the small upper draw-
ers. In a moment, she returned triumph-
antly to the door, duplicate key in hand.

  “I found it, Dickey!” she giggled,
turning it in the lock and swinging the
door inward. “It’s a pity that my mem-
ory doesn’t serve me so well insofar as

keys to the other doors are concerned.”
“Oh, what’s the difference?” Dickey
contemplated her blonde loveliness with
possessive eyes. “We may just as well be
married today as—”

  “Dont be a sap!” Louella interrupted.
“You may not object to the chafing
bonds of matrimony, but I’ve got entirely
different ideas in that respect. No ball
and chain for little Louella; not if she
can help it!”

  Dicky fell back before her vehemence.
“I thought you liked me,” he accused. “I
—I didn’t know you had been kidding
all along.”

  “I do like you, Dicky, boy.” Louella
took one of his hands between both of
hers. “But liking isn’t loving, is it? You
fail to awaken in me those thrills which
would make our marriage a success in
every way.”

  “Do you mean that ?” Dickey was gen-
uinely surprised. “Can you honestly say
that my kisses are kickless, and my sex
appeal just isn’t?”

  “It’s better to be frank about it, don’t
you think so?” Louella asked, a little
doubtfully.

  Dicky nodded, stroking his chin with
a listless air. “Well, what are we going
to do about it?” he demanded. “Your
dad will be back in short order with a
wedding expert, and we’ll have to submit
gracefully; or else—!”

  “Or else!” Louella moved across the
room to the window and threw it open.
“I’ve got an idea; if you effect a hasty
retreat through this window, Daddy’s
plans will all go up in smoke! How about
it?”

  Dicky joined her at the aperture, but
his expression was one of absolute glum-
ness as he contemplated the earth three
stores below.

  “Fat chance, Lou’,” he growled. “If I
had the wings of an angel, maybe—”
GAY LIFE STORIES

43

  Louella eyed the bedclothes hopefully.
“You won’t need wings if we can find
material to make a rope long enough,”
she suggested. “Time is limited; let’s get
busy.”

  Obediently, but in sulky silence, Dicky
assisted her to remove the spread and
sheets and to knot them into a makeshift
rope. It was apparent that he placed lit-
tle credence in her theory that the mater-
ial would prove sufficient to meet their
purpose.

  Finally, the last piece of linen had been
removed from the two beds in the adjoin-
ing chambers, and the last knot drawn
tight. Louella affixed one end of the long
rope to the foot of the bed, rolled con-
veniently close to the window, and slid
the remainder over the ledge.

  “I’m almost afraid to look,” she con-
fessed, as the rope grew taut. “Ten or
twelve feet more, and I’d be willing to
chance it; but the drop is going to be
too great. See for yourself.”

  Louella looked, and the result of her
inspection disheartened her. The rope
lacked at least twenty-five feet of reach-
ing the ground.

  She walked frantically about the room,
seeking a few additional strips of cloth,
but her quest was in vain. They had em-
ployed to best advantage everything
within accessibility.

  Imagination rallied to her assistance,
and she brightened perceptible. “You’re
certain that the addition of ten feet will
enable you to risk it?” she asked, excited
as a child.

  “Yes, but—”

  “No alibis, Dicky, sweet! Off with
your coat, vest, and trousers! We’ll make
those ten feet!”

  The occasion was not one conducive
to pleasant argument. Dickey submitted
without a struggle.

  Louella smiled inwardly as she shed

His eyes lighted up as he took in the splen
did details of her beauty. . . .

each garment. His embarrassment tickled
her; Dicky was a decent chap, and the
greatest sport in the world, she decided.
Almost, she loved him!
44

GAY LIFE STORIES

  But even his whole-hearted sacrifice
proved useless. After the various articles
of apparel sacrificed by Dicky had been
added to the rope, it lacked still three
or four feet of attaining the specified
minimum.

  “We won’t quibble over trifles when
the emergency is so great,” Louella re-
marked, seating herself on the edge of
the bed and kicking of her shoes. “Slip
out of your undies like a good little boy,
while I donate my all to the cause!”

  “You mean—?” Dicky could scarcely
credit the evidence of his ears.

  “In toto, dearest,” Louella grinned
impishly. “Terrible diseases require ter-
rible remedies, don’t they? After you’ve
reached the ground safely, you can untie
your own duds and put them back on; in
the meanwhile, I’ll yank mine back up,
and endeavor to make myself presentable
for the meeting with Dad and his disap-
pointed J. P.!”

  As she spoke, she drew her dress and
slip over her head, tossing them uncon-
cernedly on the floor beside Dicky’s dis-
carded undies. Her stockings followed in
due season.

  Sheerly unconscious of his own lack
of apparel, Dicky proceeded to add the
final details to the rope. But he could not
resist the temptation to cast a number
of surreptitious glances at his fellow con-
spirator.

  His eyes lighted up as he took in the
splendid details of her beauty, so clearly
revealed through the dainty dance set of
chiffon anties and lace brassiere. Louella
was indeed a lovely creature! The won-
derful smoothness of her snow-white
skin; the perfection of her rounded torso,
glorified by the curves of hips and
thighs; the sweet enticement of her high,
full breasts.

  He was painfully aware of the fact that
the rope was now long enough to suit his

purpose. For a moment, he wavered,
then, filled with an uncontrollable desire
to revel for a few minutes more in close
proximity to his feminine deity, he flung
down the rope in disgust.

  “Still a foot or so too short!” he lied.
“Can’t you spare just a little more?”

  Louella colored to the roots of her
hair, fully aware of his devouring gaze.
Although tempted strongly to sneak a
glance in his direction, she exercised
every last atom of her will-power and
looked the other way.

  “I—I can’t!” she stammered, nervous-
ly. “You’ll have to try it—”

  “I won’t,” he insisted stubbornly. “It’s
my neck, you know, and I positively
won’t risk it unless the rope is lengthened
a bit more.” And he smiled to himself in
absolute satisfaction.

  Louella deliberated inwardly for a mo-
ment. It would be exceedingly embar-
rassing to shed the last vestige of her
modesty—but infernally more embarras-
sing to find herself mated for life with
a man unable to stir her as completely
as she wished. Her decision was quickly
formulated!

  The delicate brassiere and panties were
offered as the ultimate sacrifice!

  Dicky affixed them to the rope without
comment, and strode to the window. As
he lowered the rope through the window,
however, he turned to survey the little
huddled figure on the bed; at last, he
justified himself, he was entitled to an-
other generous inspection!

  But that final inspection proved his un-
doing. It would be impossible for him
to descend the rope in his present nerv-
ous condition. The blood roared in his
arteries, the veins in his temples throbbed
like a trip-hammer, and his hands trem-
bled as with palsy!

  “I—I can’t go now!” he whispered. “I
can’t!”
GAY LIFE STORIES

 Louella lifted her head sharply. “What
 do you mean?” she asked.

He moved closer. “You wouldn’t
understand,” he pleaded. “You’ve never
been thrilled—but I have!”

But Louella was beginning to under-
stand, and the blood receded from her
face as that comprehension became pain-
fully clear.

“You—you’ve got to go—now!” she
urged.

“I won’t!”

45

  He advanced upon her and threw his
arms about her, his fingers stroking her
velvety flesh, his eager lips seeking hers.

  “Dicky!” She struggled desperately to
free herself, but each motion she made
only served to draw her closer into his
embrace. “Have you suddenly gone
crazy ?”

  “About you, my darling!” His lips
swooped downward, found hers, and lin-
gered there, while his single free hand
cupped one of those pink-tipped breasts

  Dicky suddenly realized that he en-
joyed complete mastery of the situation,
and he gloried in his power. So this de-
lightful, if stubborn, creature, had doubt-
ed his ability to thrill her, did she ? Well,
she would learn that she had been quite
mistaken in that respect!

that had lured him on, irresistibly.

Louella became frantic. “Please, Dicky
—I’m begging you!” she gasped, resort-
ing to tears where open defiance had
failed.

But Dicky had long passed the stage
where reasoning might have affected him
46

GAY LIFE STORIES

his mouth bit into hers, dining tenaci-
ously, and he drew her closer in a cruel
embrace.

  Louella began to enjoy the strangest
sensations she ever felt in her life. Little
thrills paraded up and down her spine,
exciting her to the point of ecstasy. A
sudden realization came over her: Dicky
was the thrilling type!

  With a blissful rapture of abandon-
ment, she surrendered herself to the joy
of the moment. She seemed to melt and
fuse against him. She was in that magic
moment all carnal, all sensuous.

  He drew her closer, the firm sharp
points of her breasts pricking his chest.
Perspiration covered him like a shower,
and all his flesh tingled as if afire.

  Young blood ran riot in a Carnival
of passion. . . .

  Louella stirred gently and opened her
eyes. Strong, hard arms still encom-
passed her shoulders, and her cheek rest-
ed very close to a heaving masculine
bosom.

  “Dicky, darling,” she whispered.

  Dicky lowered his head. “Yes, sweet?”

  “You’d better draw our clothes up so
that we can crawl back into them; they’ll
be dropping in on us in a minute!”

  Dicky stiffened. “But — you — you
don’t want to marry me, do you?” he
asked.

  “Don’t I!” Louella tortured him with
the suggestiveness of her insistence. “Do
you think I’d let you go now, after you’ve
thrilled me more completely than any
one else on earth could?”

  Dicky’s hands traveled. “Wonderful
girl!” he whispered happily. “I’ll put on
my clothes now—but as soon as the im-
promptu ceremony is over—”

  “We’ll push them out of the room and
begin our glorious honeymoon—right
here!” Louella finished for him.

  "Do you believe in long engage-
ments?"

  "Sure. The longer a man is engaged,
the less time he has to be married.

     We have received many orders
    for last month's issue of Paris-
    ienne Revue and Gay Life
    Stories. We regret that we can-
    not fiii any individual orders.
    You can only buy both of these
    Spicy Magazines at your News-
    dealers. Don't forget to order
    your next month's copy now.
    Your newsdealer, will be glad to
    accommodate you.
GAY LIFE STORIES

47

April
 howers!

 Calloiv Youth-. "I like to take ex-
 perienced girls home.’

 Sweet Young Thing: "I’m not eoc-
 perienced.”

 Callow Youth: "But you’re not home
 yet.”

 Voice from Beyond: "Pansy,
 what are you doing up so late?"

 "Looking at the beautiful
 moon, mother."

 "Well, it is twelve o'clock.
 You'd better send the moon
 home."
48

GAY LIFE STORIES

PEPPY

POETRY

REJECTED

 When I was popping
 The question to Nance,

  I got a brogan

  Right smack in the pants,
  And through the doorway
  1 sailed like a linnet,

  For her dad’s Number
  Eleven was in it.

POWDER

 While I watch the girlies dance
 Gaily to and fro,

 As they seek to find romance
 In these ways of woe,
 Candor blushingly relates.

 As they do their stuff.

That each dame manipulates
A mean powder-puff.

 Striving hard to look her best,
 Powdering her pan,

Each fem, with unflaggering
   zest,

      Fights to land her man,
 While I fill their eager ears
 With my warning cry,

 “Put your trust in God, my dears,
 But keep your powder dry!"

—Edgar Daniel Kramer.

