   FIRST BI-MONTHLY ISSUE

      stories

CARGO TO CALLISTO

                                         by JAY PREXEL

                                                       Another~fajpous

STAR-MOUSE s,ory

by FREDERIC BROWN

yivors of eha6s~-alone in dead-star vastness

| A Novel of Exploding Suns by ALFRED COPPEL
1- Also ALLEN K. LANG • JOHN D. McDONALD • C. H. LIDDELL
                           S8PSS.

                  Ceshef.

                    ■While''

NOT ONE! NOT TWO! NOT FOUR! NOT SIX! Inti

EIGHT FREE!

ON THIS AMAZING OFFER

YES—we want to give you, AT
ONCE all 8 of these best-read
books FREE, to prove how much
pleasure you’ll get as a member
of “America's Biggest Bargain
Book Club”! Ordinarily Book
League members get their Bonus

Books at the rate of one FREE
with every two Club Selections (or
alternates) purchased. But, on this
offer, you not only get ALL 6
Bonus Books—you also get 2 more
best sellers free, as your member,
ship gift!

          THOUSANDS HAVE PAID
$18 FOR THESE 8 BOOKS-

But YOU Get Them FREE

If you join the Book League Nowl

PRIDE'S CASTLE, ill frank
Yerby—Ono woman sacrificed
her honor to win his love; tho
other only pretended goodness
to become his wife! Daring,
lusty talo by the author of
“Foxes of Harrow.”

                                   LORD JOHNNIE, byL. T.

                                   White—This dashing roguo „ .
                                   risked death and torture to Could she resist
                                   possess the woman who this bold gam-
                                   married him ONLY because £,ler ?—Pride’s
                                   she expected him to die! Castle.
                                   REBECCA, by Daphne duMauricr—Dia-
                                   bolically clever tale of a strange woman
                                   who is never seat—told by an even stranger
                                   girl who is never named I
                                   THE GOLDEN FURY, by Marian Castlo
                                   —Caroline Lawlor tried desperately to for-
                                   get the scarlet secret of her past—yet con-
                                   tinued to love tho one man who mado her
                                   remember it 1

SHORT STORIES OF De MAUPASSANT

                                              Over 500 of the most daring, frankest
                                              stories of their kind ever written!

                                          A CALF FOR VENUS, by Norah Lofts
                                          -Young, innocent Letty was headed
                                          for a fate worse than death—but the
                                          handsomo young doctor risked his
                                          career to save her I
                                          ARABIAN NIGHTS
                                          —The fabulous
                                          "1001" tales of
                                          adventure, magic
                                          and romance that
                                          have captivated
                                          millionsof readers.
                                          The DECAMER-
                                          Rachel avenged ON. by lloccaccio
                                          Francebecauso —Famous tales of
                                          of ono kiss too sinning “saints’*
                                          many I	and saintly “sin-

                                             -tMaupassant,nere.”

MAIL WITHOUT MONEY TO

BOOK LEAGUE OF AMERICA	|

Dept. FHQ 8, Garden City, N. Y.

Please send mo at once—FREE—all eight	|

of tho books described on this page (worth	|

$18 in publishers’ editions) and enroll mo	|

as a member. You may start my subscrip-	j
tion with the current selection.

The best-selling book I chooso each month	■

may bo either tho regular Selection or any	|

other popular book described in Club’s	J

monthly *'Review.” 1 am to pay only $1.49	J

(plus a few cents shipping charges) for each	|

monthly book sent to me. I may cancel my	i

subscription at any time after buying twelve	j
books. There are no dues for me to pay; no
further cost or obligation.

Why The Book league Gives You $18 Worth of Books FREE

Please print plainly

Zone No.
_(« any)-

Slightly higher in Canada
Address: 105 Bond St, Toronto 2

YOU never pay any dues or club
feea as a Boole League member.
And every month you receive the
current Selection, Or an alternate, at
the Club’s low price.

  You get a popular best-seller by
an author like Steinbeck, Maugham,
or Hemingway—a book selling, in
the publisher’s edition for as much
as S3.00 or more. But YOU get your
copy at the special low members’
price of only $1.49, plus few cents
shipping charges.

You Get 8 FREE Books RIGHT AWAY

   On this special offer, you don't have to
wait a year to assemble tho Bonus Books
which members receive with every 2 Club
Selections (or alternates) purchased—you
may have SIX of them right away, in
advance! AND—in addition—you get. in
tho same big package. TWO MORE FREE
BOOKS as your membership gift from the
Club! Eight free books in all, yet the only
requirement is that members accept twelve

of tho Club's book bargains during mem-
bership.

        No Need to Take Every
        REGULAR Selection

The books you receive need NOT bo tho
Club’s regular Selections. Each month you
get without extra charge, the Club’s "Re-
view.” which describes other best-sellers;
so that, if you prefer one of these to the
regular Selection, choose it instead. No
dues; no further cost or obligation.

      Send No Money-
      Just Mail Coupon Now!

Mali coupon today—without money—and
receive your BIG membership gift package
containing tho EIGHT books described
above. You also receive, as your first Selec-
tion. tho current best-selling novel now
being distributed to members. Enjoy these
nine books—eight FREE, and tho ninth at
tho Club’s bargain price.

Then you will understand why this IS
“America's Biggest Bargain Book Club”!
Mail coupon—without money—now.

BOOK LEAGUE OF AMERICA

Dept. FHQ 8. Garden City, N. Y.
VOL 4, NO. 9 • A FICTION HOUSE MAGAZINE • NOV., 1950

^ Pauten^ul Novel Stasi-Bo^ut SaaacjeJup
THE LAST TWO ALIVE!.........Alfred Coppel 76

       Aram Jerrold watched helplessly as Kaidor V's beast-rockets screamed into the Void
       and knew that this was cosmic Armageddon . . . the crimson horror of Space-war
       would smash Galactic Civilization utterly and forever! Yet in his tortured mind a
       voice from the past commanded: "You must save something from the ruins!”

 ^ *7««* Space-/lcLoe*ttu>ie Novelets.
 CARRY ME HOME............C. H. Liddell 4

      Rohan knew that the fog-shrouded Venusian mountaintop held an eternal Pool,
      where blood-red rubies, emerald idols and rich yellow gold sparkled in darkling

 *	depths. He knew also that the treasure had a Guardian: A Monster ... or pos-
      sibly a god . . .

MITKEY RIDES AGAIN.......... Fredric Brown 61

       The science-fiction event of the year! Mitkey, the world-famous Starmouse, returns
       after ten years . . . and finds the strange and sinister King Whitey plotting to con-
       quer the world! But what can Mitkey do—space-wrecked way up on the moon?

^ tyouA. ^tvUllUup Shout Started.
SIDEWINDERS FROM SIRIUS........Fox B. Holden 28

      The treacherous aliens from Outer Space gave Earth six months to surrender or
      be destroyed ... but Vice-colonel Gaylord Kram, fearless ace of Terrestrial G-2,
      had a daring plan: Why not surrender now?

CARGO TO CALLISTO..........Jay B. Drexel 37

       Four Aarnian criminals, vicious and deadly, fled silently into the Martian night; and
       grimly the Patrol threw out an airtight dragnet. Nothing human could have es-
       caped . . . but what's human about an Aarnian?

MACHINE OF KLAMUGRA........Allen K. Lang 46

       The two Earthlings stood at the brink of that vast stone amphitheater, staring down
       at a mass of million-year clockwork. This was the Machine . . . and soon it would
       judge them for their crime-against Mars!

FINAL MISSION...........John D. MacDonald 57

       In that antiseptic society, thirteen hell-raising old space-warriors were obsolete as
       brass knuckles in a debate. So brass-bands played, and brass-hats brayed . . . and
       a coffin-ship left for the stars . . .

^ Planet'4. Special tyeatuSieA.

MARS IS—HELL!..........Forrest J. Ackerman 3

DIANETICS: A Door to the Future........James Blish 102
THE VIZIGRAPH—Letters from Readers..........103
P.S.'s FEATURE FLASH ..........C. H. Liddell 106

T. T. SCOTT, President_JEROME BIXBY, Editor_MALCOLM REISS, General Manager

 PLANET STORIES: Published bi-monthly by Love Romances Pub. Co., Inc., 130 W. 42 St., New York 18. N. Y. The .entire contents
 of this magazine are copyrighted, 1950, by Loro Romances Publishing Co., Inc. Entered as second-class matter, October 2, 1944, at
 the Post Oflice. at New York 1, N. Y., under the Act of March 3. 1879. All rights reservsd. While due care is always exercised, the
 publishers will not be responsible for the return of unsolicited manuscripts. Price 20*! per copy. Yearly subscription rate $1.20 in ad-
 vance. For advertising rates address: Advertising Director, Fiction House, Inc., 130 W. 42 St., New York 18. N. Y. Printed Id U. S. A.
TVUtU YOUR	~
 NAME T>oc*tf FOR YOU /

   Do you know the vibrations of your name affect, your personal conditions, your success,
   your happiness even your health?

Do You Know How to Adjust Your Name?

   To bring about the things you desire, these and many hundreds of questions are answered
   in the NEW SENSATIONAL “HEQUAZ ODD NAME BOOK.”

The Most Unusual Book of Its Kind

   Do you know that both divorces and happy marriages are the outer results of the vibra-
   tions of names? If you are not the success you think you should be. You may find the fault
   lies within your name.

   Parents when you name your children do you know what vibrations you are putting into
   action in their lives?

JUST THE BOOK FOR PARENTS WHO WISH TO NAME THEIR CHILDREN
THIS MARVELOUS BOOK SHOULD BE IN HANDS OF WRITERS! ACTORS! PARENTS!

IN NEED OF NAMES THAT ARE UNUSUAL. BEAUTIFUL AND ATTRACTIVE
BUY TODAY! THE BOOK OF A THOUSAND ODD AND BEAUTIFUL NAMES

   When you read this sensational book it will open a new field of interest to you.

                    t

Odd Name Collecting

Be among the thousands that are taking up this new and interesting hobby. It is loads of
fun wherever you are, when you hear an odd name to jot it down for your collection.

          Membership In the Hequaz Odd Name Collecting Club

   This will entitle you to a beautiful membership certificate to hang upon your wall. Some-
   thing you will be proud to show your friends.

   A free list of 50 names to begin your collection and every three months the addresses of
   members all over the country will be sent yon. So you can either exchange or sell your
   names to other members. This membership also makes you eligible to enter the ODD
   NAME COLLECTING CONTEST that starts March 1, 1950 and ends September i, 1950.

ALL CASH PRIZES

 1st PRIZE............................................$250.00

 2nd PRIZE............................................$150.00

 3rd PRIZE............................................$100.00

 4th PRIZE............................................$ 50.00

 5th PRIZE............................................$ 25.00

          Really Something New! Something Different to Do

   Bight now get started win one of these cash prizes.

Easy! Simple! Loads of Fun for Every One!

   Besides a hobby that will grow more interesting and profitable as the years go by.

———————————— 'Tflail	'Tfow-———

HEQUAZ CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOL OF NUMEROLOGY

268 North State Street, Marion, Ohio

I enclose $3.50 for "HEQUAZ ODD NAME BOOK."

If you desire MEMBERSHIP CERTIFICATE IN THE "HEQUAZ ODD NAME COLLECTING CLUB" which entitles
you to enter the contest. Enclose one dollar extra.

NAME....................................................................................................................

ADDRESS.................................................................................................................

CITY................................................................ZONE..........STATE...............................

All winners will bs notified by return mail
Sponsored by “HEQUAZ CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOL OF NUMEROLOGY"

2
Mars Is—Hell! jfXKSn

ACCORDING to an often reprinted story by
Ray Bradbury, “Mars Is Heaven,” but ac-
cording to the new scientifilm, ROCKET-
SHIP X-M, Mars is quite the opposite; in fact,
the Warrior Planet is found to have lived up to
its name, and an atomic Armageddon has de-
stroyed its civilization!

  I have just come back from a trip to Mars,
the only survivor of a hundred million mile voy-
age thru the void. You think me mad? No crazier
than you will be to miss ROCKETSHIP X-M
when it opens at your local theater 1 This is the
second of the Interplanetary films to have been
produced in the forthcoming cycle, and goes far
beyond the original DESTINATION MOON
in mileage. For while the “X-M” in the title
stands for Expedition Moon, the 180' step-rocket
actually—thru mishap—lands on Mars!

  Enroute to the Moon, a meteor shower imperils
the rocket. All armchair astrogators will sweat
along with the cinematic explorers as the men-
acing swarm all but grazes the hull of the ship.

  And then, when calculations indicate the neces-
sity of changing course and fuel mixture, an error
is made that causes the rocket to leap ahead with
dangerous acceleration. The crew of five are all
knocked unconscious, while the rocket rushes un-
checked thru the starry vacuum toward a new
destination—destination Mars 1
Every red-blooded science fiction enthusiast will
thrill to the landing on the Red Planet, when the
foot of Man is first set down 50 million miles
away on the enigmatic world . . . world of som-
bre atmosphere, crumbling rocks, towering cliffs,

violent lightning storms, and—horrifying inhabi-
tants !

  Yes, the Mars of this movie is inhabited. The
Martians are great tall dark-skinned humanoids,
deformed by hideous scar tissues, the end product
of their own Nagasakic nightmare. For Atomi-
geddon has come to Mars, leaving it a ruined
world, its ancient cities smashed, its civilization
a memory, its men degenerated to a Stone Age
level of living.

  Two of the crew of Rocketship X-M are killed
on Mars by the primitive mutants. The remain-
ing three escape to Earth, but their fuel supply
gives out before a landing can be effected, and
they perish in the resultant crash.

  Failure?

  No, in the closing words of the film’s Dr: Flem-
ing: "The flight of the R-X-IvI established every
point of our rocket theory; it proved interplane-
tary travel is not only possible but practicable.
It demonstrated once again that no pioneering is
too difficult, no dream unattainable, when man’s
vision is broad enough to encompass it. No, the
trip was not a failure. Tomorrow we start con-
struction on R-X-M-2!”

  And if you would like to see a sequel, urge your
friends to attend ROCKETSHIP X-M when it
is released, and drop a line to its producer, Kurt
Neumann, Lippert Productions, 5746 Sunset
Blvd., Hollywood 28, Cal., after you have seen
it, letting him know how you enjoyed it, and in-
dicating that you would support another in what
could well be a series of Journeys into the
Unknown.

3

J
C. H. Liddel

£ls

                     segp

                    On that fog-shrouded Vcnnsian monn*
taintop lay an eternal Pool, where icy
diamonds and blood-red rabies, emerald idols and rich yellow
gold sparkled seductively in darkling depths ... and strid-
ing confidently up the strange path toward that island in the
sky came Red Rohan, thief of Venus. Rut the treasure, of
course, had a Guardian: a Monster ... or possibly a god ...
YOU COULD SEE THE Mountain
sometimes, on the clearer days,
from as far away as the town
called Foggy Morning. The unearthly
lands between'swam in jungle, stirring end-
lessly with the pale, restless foliage of
Venus, garrulous jungle full of a con-
tinual murmur that had all the notes of

human speech imperfectly heard.

  The Quai told fabulous tales about the
Mountain, drawing up the third eyelid
dreamily over their yellow gaze and hum-
ming gently through their noses between
words, in the disconcerting way of Quai.
They said there was a pool up there, and
something in the pool. They said the pool

The fog split and took fire and burned like the blaze of a white-hot sun

5
PLANET STORIES

6

was blue—under a sky of unbroken, eter-
nal cloud, the pool was blue.

  They said there was a monster in it.
Possibly a god. No Terrestrial under-
stands Quai speech very clearly yet, so
they may have said both ,monster and god.
It sounded intriguing, but too remote to
interest anyone in the frontier towns
along the Terrestrial Highway. Terrestrial
holdings on Venus are precarious yet,
strung along a chain as narrow and peri-
lous as Bifrost, and infringments against
Venus and Quai have proved too danger-
ous for any man to commit more than
once.

  Three men slipped out of Foggy Morn-
ing just ahead of the vigilantes one day,
getting the jungle equipment they needed
by direct and deadly means. Frontier jus-
tice being what it always is, the vigi-
lantes pursued them only far enough to
make sure they would not return. The
men were robbers. If the vigilantes had
caught them they would have hanged them.
But when they had chased them past the
turn-off that leads southwest toward Flat-
tery and north toward Adam and Eve, and
on along a little winding, diminishing path
due west, they paused and looked at each
other and began to laugh. The path went
straight into forbidden Quai lands, and
its far end was the Mountain. The vigi-
lantes shrugged and went back to Foggy
Morning.

  There were d’vahnyan in the jungle.
D’vahnyan is a complex term, but its basic
import is death-dealer. The Quai were
quite competent to look after their own
lands. Hanging might have been prefer-
able.

THE CAVERN was reasonably dry,
considering. It was reasonably safe,
or as safe as any refuge could be in Quai
territory. A small, soft fire burned in a
hollow of sand near one wall, pale lav-
ender flames licking up and whimpering
in the annoying way all fire does on Veijus.
Something in the wet air damps its color
and the flames never feel really hot even
when they bum you.

  A man named Rohan lay drowsily with
his back to the cavern wall and his eyes
shut, singing to himself.

  "Swing low,” he sang, "sweet chan-ot,
cornin’ for to carry me home ”

  Condensing fog gathered in big drop9
along the outer brow of the cave and
dripped continually as an obbligato to the
song and the whimper of the fire. One
of the other men was sitting on his heels
just inside the fringe of dripping water,
gun across his knee, peering into the misty
jungle. The third man threw down an
emptied ration-tin with violence and said,
“Red!”

  Rohan did not open his eyes.

  “Yes, my little friend?” he said.

  “Red, I’m sick of it. I’m going back!
You hear? There’s no use waiting any
longer. Barber isn’t coming. Why should
we sit here waiting for the police to come
and get us? I tell you there’s been a
d’vahnyan on our trail since yesterday
morning, and I don’t like it. I’m going
back. I’ll take my chances—”

  Rohan grinned sleepily.

  “If you get there before I do,” he sang,
"tell all my friends I’m cornin’ too—"
“It’s crazy/' the other man said. “It
isn’t safe to wait around here any longer.
I’m afraid of the d’vahnyan, if you’re not.
I’m going.”

  He made no further move. Rohan lis-
tened to the quiet complaint of the flames
and thought of the d’vahnyan of Venus.

  The d’vahnym’s place in Quai society
is not comparable to any Terrestrial equiv-
alent. He approximates police, judge, jury
and executioner all in one, though his
powers are not limited to the enforcing
of justice; he also—for no reason Ter-
restrials have yet grasped—destroys trees
or whole forests, burns occasional villages*
dams or diverts rivers, and at times steril-
izes the soil of agricultural areas. His de-
cree is never questioned. He is debarred
from the fields of science, using the wea-
pons the blue-clad ll’ghnrae give him, with-
out understanding the principles of the
devices he wields. The ll’ghirae corres-
pond to scientists or priests of science,
and are forbidden knowledge of the Reali-
ties. Exactly what the Quai mean by Real-
ities is not yet known.

  But a few of the more concrete realities
of life on Venus the Terrestrials have
learned fast, often the hard way. Fore-
CARRY ME HOME

7

most among them is the absolute power
of the d’vahnyan. To wield it they seem
to have surrendered much—perhaps the
whole ego as we think of it. They rule
by a sort of divine right, and no one
dreams of questioning or disobeying them
or lifting a hand against them. Their
lives are sacred and their decrees irre-
vocable.

  “I don’t trust them,” Forsythe said
again. “I’m going back.”

  “The Quai are a funny people,” Rohan
said cheerfully, opening his eyes a little
to peer out past the watcher on the thres-
hold and into the drifting mist. “They
work in a mysterious way their wonders
to perform. An amazing race, the Quai.
All right, Forsythe. Goodbye. Jellaby and
I are going to climb the Mountain.”

Forsythe jerked around

heavily, his dark face flushing with
anger and incredulity. Even Jellaby, at
the door, looked back over his shoulder
and his freckled jaw dropped.

  “What?” Forsythe demanded.

  “You heard me.”

  “I won’t do it,” Forsythe said excitedly.
“You’re crazy. That wasn’t what you told
me. You said Barber Jones would pick
us up at the clearing and fly us out with
the loot. The road toward the Mountain
was just to fool the vigilantes. Oh no,
Red! Oh no!”

  Rohan rolled over lazily to face his
companions.

  “Did you really think,” he inquired,
“that Barber would bother with us if we
didn’t get away with the bank hold-up?
We’re in an interesting spot, Forsythe,
my friend.”

  “I don’t like it.” Forsythe’s voice was
heavy. “We should have left the bank
alone. There was pretty near as much
money in the saloon safe. But no, we
had to bust into the bank and set off
the alarm in Police Headquarters clear
over the bay at Swanport. How long do
you figure before the police come for us,
Red?”

  Rohan closed his fist on a handful of
moist, sandy soil and let it trickle slowly
through his fingers. His look was gently
marveling. Terrestrials were still so new

on Venus that sometimes a man found
himself struck with astonishment at the
simple discovery that this world was made
of soil. Plain dirt, rock, sand, prosaic as
Earth itself. You expected something
more glamorous *6f the Morning Star.

  “A band, of akgels,” Rohan sang, “corn-
in’ after me, combi’ for to—”

  “You can’t go up the Mountain,” For-
sythe pursued doggedly. “What’s the good
of it? What’s up there but some kind of
devil-fish in a pool ? I tell you, it’s crazy!”
“What’s up there, my friends,” Rohan
said, and in the violet firelight his face
took on a sudden look like fever, “what’s
up there is a fortune! There’s a pool, all
right. There’s a—well, some kind of a
monster. And you know why it’s there?
To guard a treasure. Jewels, Forsythe.
Rubies and diamonds, Jellaby. For a thou-
sand years the Quai have been throwing
offerings down to their monster-god. And
nobody knows it except us. Not a soul ex-
cept us three. That’s why we’re going up
the mountain, Forsythe.”

  Forsythe grunted.

  “You been dreaming,” he said.

  “I had it straight,” Rohan said, “from
the horse’s mouth.” He laughed. “I got
it from Crazy Joe.”

  Forsythe’s head snapped around sharp-
ly and he caught his breath to hoot with
angry derision. But Rohan saw the deri-
sion pause and heard the breath run out
in an uncertain, half-reluctant sigh.

  “Uh-huh,” Rohan said. “Think it over.
I did. I got him drunk, you see. First
time I ever saw Crazy Joe drunk, but I
happened to be the lucky guy who drank
with him. And he talked . .

Rohan half shut his eyes

and looked through his lids at the
dim, complaining fire. Crazy Joe, he
thought. How crazy? Babbling over his
liquor about a treasure he’d seen and
walked away from, not wanting it, not
really caring. That was crazy. Only a
crazy man would do it. But wise in his
craziness, with strange threads of sanity
twining through the warps of his mind.
The Quai paid him a curious respect and
abided by his owlish council. They told
him things he was not too crazy to turn
8	PLANET

to account sometimes. It was probable
that he knew much more than he ever
admitted to. He wandered freely in Quai
territory, and he knew what lay at the top
of the Mountain . . .

  “I saw him next day,” Rohan said. “I
thought it might have been just drunken
talk. But he claimed the whole thing was
true. He told me all about it. I believed
him.” Rohan grinned. “Would I be here
now, if I hadn’t? Why, if even a part of
it’s true, half the jewels on Venus are
lying right up there on top of the Moun-
tain, just waiting for three guys like us
to come and get ’em.”

  Then he shut his lips together on a
tight, secret smile and thought of the
other thing Crazy Joe had said was up
there. Forsythe and Jellaby were dubious
enough about the jewels. What would
they say if he told them about the d’vahn-
yan?

  “You needn’t be afraid of the d’vahn-
ym,” Crazy Joe had said, combing his
beard through his fingers thoughtfully,
drawing down his thick, bleached brows.
“I’m not. I know too much about ’em.
I found out. Up there.” He had chuckled,
looking shrewdly at Rohan. “They’re not
so mysterious, once you know the secret.
It’s all up there. The treasure, the pool,
the monster—and the secret of the d’vahn-
yan.”

  Rohan had regarded him dubiously,
with rising excitement imperfectly tem-
pered by reason. The strangest part of
the whole strange business was that he
believed Crazy Joe. You had • to know
Crazy Joe to understand why. Nobody
knew what his real name was, or where
he came from. Oddly, there were times
when the part of his face that showed
between ragged beard and ragged bangs
had a distracting familiarity to Rohan, but
he could not identify it. The man was
unquestionably mad, but there was dignity
in his madness, and he was not known
to distort the truth.

  Moreover, he could talk to the Quai.
He had even been known to hold con-
versations with the d’vahnyan, at a dis-
tance, looking up into those cold, inhuman
faces and stroking his beard as he spoke.
They never exchanged an unnecessary

STOMUES

word with sane humans, but to Crazy Joe

they spoke with respect.

  “What do you know about them?” Ro-
han had asked eagerly, all his own hatred
and distrust of the d’vahnyan boiling up
in him behind the question. The inhuman,
the unspeaking, the terrible d'vahnyam, be-
cause of whom his one real success on
Venus had been thwarted. “What do you
know ?”

  “The secret of the d’vahnyan,’' Crazy
Joe had said mildly. “I can’t tell you. I<
couldn’t if I would. It isn’t a thing you
can tell. You have to see it.”

  “A weapon?” Rohan had asked ur-
gently. “A machine? A book? Come on,
Crazy Joe, give me an idea! What is it?”
“It’s up there on the Mountain,” was
all Crazy Joe would say. “Go up and see
for yourself. I did. I’m not afraid of
’em now. They talk to me. If you want
to know about it, you’ll have to go up
the Mountain and find out. It won’t be
easy, but what is? Go ahead. Find out for
yourself.”

  So Rohan was going.

HIS CURIOSITY about thed’vahnym
was devouring. The death-dealers
were such a terrifying class of people,
if you could call them people at all. They
weren’t people. They weren’t alive. They
weren’t dead. They were more like beings
from another star than creatures of hu-
man stock.

  What their powers were nobody
knew, though Terrestrials made guesses.
They could destroy at a distance in
many changing ways, all of them ex-
plicable by analogy, though the anal-
ogies might be quite wrong. Ultra-
sonic waves can focus invisibly to a point
and destroy with heat and vibration. Did
they kill with a power like that? Perhaps.

  The intricate wrappings of gleaming
black stuff they wore, interwoven with
shining curled threads, might in them-
selves be some unearthly sort of weapon;
as the winding of the armature on an
electromagnet controls its efficiency, so
these elaborately wound patterns woven
with strange threads no Terrestrial had
ever seen at close range might control
CARRY ME HOME

the enormously efficient powers the
d’vahnyan wielded.

  The sciences of the Quai both paral-
leled and diverged from Terrestrial
sciences. No Venusian has ever seen the
stars, but from the structure of the atom
the Quai evolved a very pretty picture of
their own sun and sister planets. It was
known that they drew upon the very short-
wave radiations that filter through the
clouds of Venus from the sun and stars,
for example converting (in controlling the
balance of food supply) starch to sugar
with the aid of polarized infra-red, as
Terrestrials learned to do long ago. There
can be biological converters as well as
technological ones. So a converted energy
drawn from without or from within, and
probably controlled by the gleaming black
wrappings of the d’vahnyan, was the wea-
pon they wielded. But where they came
from, what they were, nobody knew. Per-
haps'not even the Quai.

  Perhaps Crazy Joe knew. Perhaps, if
Rohan reached the Mountain, he too
might know. He only knew now that his
hatred of the d’vahnyan was an uncon-
trollable and an irrational thing, resem-
bling more a man’s deep, instinctive aver-
sion to an alien life-form than his dislike
of a fellow creature, however unpleasant.
They did not suffer from the drives that
made Rohan what he was, and he hated
them for that. They were passionless, and
he felt bewildered scorn for them. They
were curiously selfless, and he felt con-
tempt because of that. But his reasoning
mind told him they were simply men, after
all, men who followed orders in what
they did, as most men do. He did not mean
to let them thwart him this time. He was
afraid of them, but he feared failure
more than the d’vahnyan. He would not,
this time, turn back for anything.

  “I don’t know,” Forsythe grumbled. “I
don’t like it, Rohan. It isn’t safe. That
Mountain’s a long way off.”

  “You like it here?” Rohan inquired,
smiling. He rose limberly. He was a tall
man, good-looking, pleasantly smiling. You
had to look twice to see, underneath, the
kind of a man he was and had been.

  “You wait here,” he said, “and the
d’vahnyan will come and get you. You

go back and the vigilantes will string you
up, unless the police get there first. You
come with me, and the chances are good
that a genuine, authentic monster-god will
eat you. But you’ll see such a treasure
before you die, Forsythe, I promise you’ll
die happy.”

  The man in the doorway had been watch-
ing the jungle all this while, but his large
ears were alert. Now, without turning his
head, he said hoarsely,

  “Red, how much of this did you plan?”
Rohan’s pleasant face went blank with
guilelessness.

  “Plan, JellabyJ”

  “You wouldn’t have told us about the
treasure—if there is one—unless you’d
needed us. Right? You knew we wouldn’t
run the risk on your say-so unless we had
to. Right? So I’ll ask it again—how much
did you really plan?”

  Forsythe was slower on the uptake, but
he got the idea after a moment.

  “Yeah!” he said, and then, with gather-
ing heat, “Yeah, Red—what about that?
You figured the bank hold-up, didn’t you?
It couldn’t be the saloon—it had to be
the bank, so the Police would chase us
if we muffed it. You wanted the Police
after us, Red! So we couldn’t turn back.
So we’d have to come along on your
crack-pot scheme into Quai territory. Well,
here we are! We can’t go back or for-
ward. And all because you’re as crazy
as Crazy Joe when it comes to money!
Red, I—”

  “Shut up, Forsythe,” Rohan said in a
sudden whisper. “Look out there—Jella-
by! Is that something—something black?”

There was instant silence

in the cave. The breathing of the
three men seemed loud in the close con-
fines of these rock walls which made up
an alien planet. The dripping fog sang
plangently on the sill and the fire whim-
pered thinly to itself.

  Jellaby shifted the blaster in his hands
and his whole position changed so that
he seemed to become part of the weapon,
lifting it toward the jungle path.

  “No,” Rohan breathed. “Careful, Jella-
by. You don’t know the Quai. Don’t
shoot. Just wait.’*
10

PLANET STORIES

  “Red, can you kill a d’vahnyan?” For-
sythe asked in a faint voice.

  “I don’t know. I’d like to find out.”
Rohan’s voice seemed to come through
his teeth. His face had a touch of the
fever tint again in the violet firelight,
and his eyes looked bright and hard. “I’d
like to know,” he said. “Someday I’ll
find out. Maybe today. Maybe now. If
there’s any thing I hate—”

  The mists parted dramatically and out
of the unveiled jungle aisle a tall, black
figure with a white face came stalking
straight toward them. Jellaby’s finger
crooked convulsively on the trigger. For-
sythe swore under his breath. Rohan
did not make a sound. He stared, eyes a
little glazed, at the approaching figure.

  A part of his mind reminded him that
the d’vahnyan must be following orders
in what they did. There had been noth-
ing personal in the ruthlessness of the
d’vahnyan who three weeks ago had
stalked into Rohan’s flourishing mine camp
on the outskirts of Careless Love and
with one gesture brought Rohan’s whole
investment crashing.

  But he felt the heavy beat of anger
throbbing above his ears as he thought of
it. The rich lands of Venus invited ex-
ploitation. No frontier was ever a place
for the scrupulous, and Rohan had come
because his talents flourished best where
the law was weakest. He had the seed of
greatess in him and he knew it unerringly.
The knowledge had driven him all his life.
But he needed a raw frontier to flourish
in, and Venus had seemed so perfectly
the place for him—until that d’vahnyan
stepped out of the pale jungle and with
one gesture dismissed all the toiling
Quai . . .

  “They’re mine!” he had protested to
the passionless, unseeing figure in black.
“They owe me more than they can pay!
They’ve got to work it out!”

  The d’vahnym may not have heard at
all. Barter is something the Quai society
does not recognize. And so Rohan’s bud-
ding empire crashed and he found himself
empty-handed again, with empty pockets,
with nothing but the driving knowledge
of his own potential power and a corro-
sive hatred for the d’vahnyan who had

come between him and all that Venus
promised.

  He smiled pleasantly into the face of
the black-wrapped being before him. Of
course it hadn’t been this particular
d’vahnyan, back in Careless Love—or had
it been? How could you tell? You tend
to think not of “them” but of “him” in
every separate case when you think of the
d’vahnyan. Perhaps because you never see
more than one at a time, and there is
no way whatever to tell them apart. In-
evitably you come to feel that there is but
one omnipresent, omnipotent d’vahnyan
in all Venus, miraculously appearing in
hundreds of places at once. Empty-eyed,
remote, passionless, he stalks about his
duties. His very name means one who is
beyond life and death.

THE d’vahnyan paused almost on the)
threshold of the cave, looking at
them out of remote, indifferent yellow
eyes. Behind him there was a soft flurry
of motion among the pale trees and a
little group of Quai in single file came
out one by one into the clearing behind
the d’vahnyan and paused too, looking into
the cave.

   The Quai were tallish men, supple in in-
tricate, tightly wrapped, white waterproof
bindings that fitted them like a second
skin. They looked like spectral mummies
with triangular faces and seal-sleek fur
for hair. A Quai is strikingly reminis-
cent of the little Venusian tree-chuck that
slips quietly through the trembling foliage,
looking down at you with a wondering
gaze. While you are still an Earthlubber
you may be reminded of a lemur or an
owl, but after you know Venus the Quai
will remind you of the tree-chuck and
nothing else.

  These four stood still and regarded the
Terrestrials with an air of deprecating
curiosity. The d’vahnyan, in glistening
black, his remote gaze unfocused, stood
facing the cavern, watching some vacancy
in the air about six feet beyond the three
Terrestrials. He laid his right hand under
his left forearm, letting his left palm
fall forward toward the cave. The black
wrappings gloved him, and their glistening
blinded the observer a little. You could
CARRY ME HOME	11

never be sure if he really held a weapon
or not.

  In a totally expressionless voice the
d’vahnyan said:

  “The Mountain is forbidden. Go back."

  Rohan smiled cheerfully. The four Quai
blinked their mild yellow eyes.

  “Good afternoon, gentlemen,” Rohan
said. “We seem to have lost our way.
Hope we aren’t trespassing,” His smile
was ingratiating.

  All four Quai exposed their teeth in
a sudden, unexpected snap at empty air.
One of them said something that had the
overtones of a Gregorian chant. He added
a few words in ill-accented Spanish, all
of them profane. Then the four looked
at Rohan in grave, astonished inquiry and
put their hands on top of their seal-sleek
heads.

  The d’vahnyan might not have heard.
He stood, silent, unmoving, waiting, Ro-
han was aware of a little chill down his
back, and he swallowed hard, choking
down anger.

  “The Mountain is forbidden,” the d’-
vahnyan said again. “Go—now.”

  Rohan grinned deliberately. “Certainly,”
he said. "Glad to.”

  You don’t argue with the d’vahnyan.
It was probably a great concession that
this one had repeated himself even once.
Rohan wondered if the thing—the man—
felt anything at all. If he did, he was
probably a little concerned about this ra-
ther delicate situation of trespass. Rela-
tions between Terrestrials and the Quai
were not very easy.

  It is extraordinarily hard for Terres-
trials, reared in the severely practical, com-
mercialized thinking of ancient Rome, to
understand a society footed in a world
that never knew Rome. Thinking con-
tacts might have proved literally impossi-
ble, if it had not been for the d’vahnyan.

  It seems commentary enough on the
problems of cooperation to point out that
eccentrics like Crazy Joe appeared to find
the Quai and the d’vahnyan far easier to
understand than normal Terrestrials could.
Wandering subnormals like Crazy Joe are
inevitable in any frontier society, which
attracts misfits by its lawlessness and
wrecks them by its ruthless inflexibility.

But it was in great measure thanks to the
Crazy Joes of the Terrestrial Highway
towns that a rough sort of working har-
mony had been achieved between the peo-
ples of the neighboring worlds. They
were cousin races at least, children of
sister planets and sprung from human
stock. But oh, the differences in their
thinking!

  Behind Rohan, Forsythe spoke in a low
voice.

  “We’d better go back, Red. He means
business. You know you can’t kill a
d’vahnyan. It’s been tried. I don’t want
any part of this. I’m going back.” His
boots grated on the cavern floor as he
took a step forward. Rohan swept him
back with an outstretched arm.

  “We’re going,” he said aloud, in his
pleasantest voice. “Hand me my pack,
Forsythe. We’re going.” But in his mind,
above the seething of controlled anger,
he was saying, “Oh no, not this time!
I gave in once, but not again. This time
the risk’s worth anything I have to do.
Oh no, we won’t go back!”

He shouldered his pack

and stepped through the veil of
dripping water, out of the cave. The
d’vahnym uttered a sudden sharp hiss, and
the four Quai unexpectedly shivered and
drew back. Some heavy burden of aware-
ness seemed to come over them and the
four slumped inside their wrappings. It
occurred to Rohan suddenly that they
must be prisoners—the d’vahnyan’s pris-
oners for some obscure Quai crime. The
d’vahnyan hissed again, without seeming
to move a feature. The Quai bent their
heads and filed on across the clearing. A
billow of mist rolled out to meet them and
they plodded into it and vanished. The
last to pass turned one bright, anguished,
hopeless glance toward the Terrestrials,
then let his third eyelids film across the
look, and the mist swallowed him up like
death itself.

  Rohan felt a sudden burning contempt
for them. How spinelessly they gave in
to the d’vahnym, four against one, and
never dreaming of resistance. It was the
way on Venus, but it was not Rohan’s
way.
12	PLANET STORIES

  Forsythe, shrugging his pack into place,
stepped out past Rohan.

  “You were a fool,” he said disagree-
ably, “to think you could get away with
this. If Barber’s ship came down right
now, I wouldn’t get aboard. I don’t trust
you, Rohan. You’re crazier than Crazy
Joe.” He scowled and turned to the
d’vahnyan. “Will you guide us back?”
he asked. “We were fools to come. I’d
have left long ago if I’d known the
way.”

  The d’vahnyan’s slanting forearm with
the enigmatic threat of the half open palm
moved in the direction the Quai had van-
ished. Forsythe grunted and stepped down
onto the path. Jellaby, awkwardly crad-
ling his blaster in one arm, lumbered after.
Rohan did not move.

  The d’vahnyan’s cool, implacable gaze
rested upon him lightly. He lifted the
threatening hand higher. There was no
way to know 'what weapons he had—a
flick of the finger might annihilate them
all.

  Rohan, looking into that expressionless
face, deliberately let his banked anger
rise. This was the turning point in his
life on Venus, he thought. Give in now,
and wind up like Crazy Joe. Face the
d’vahnyan down, and the treasure on the
Mountain would buy an empire. It might
even buy the power to crush the d’vahn-
yan forever, and he knew that an em-
pire would be valueless if he failed to
crush them. He knew suddenly that it
was neither the empire nor the treasure
he yearned for now—it was the ruin of
the whole d’vahnyan clan. The thousands
of dead-faced replicas of the single
d’vahnyan before whom a planet humbled
itself. Confidence and power surged up in
Rohan’s mind. He could do it. He knew
he could do it—if in this single showdown
he could outface the d’vahnyan.

  He saw Forsythe striding down the path
toward the oncoming billows of mist which
had already swallowed the submissive
Quai. Jellaby paused uncertainly, looked
after Forsythe, looked back at Rohan.

  Rohan drew a deep breath. There was
only one way to conquer, now. Had any-
one ever really killed a d’vahnyan? Had
anyone, before now, dared try? “Why

not?” he thought. “What have I got to

lose?”

  He dropped his hand to the blaster at
his side, tipped the holster up and fired
very quickly, not drawing the gun, not
giving the d’vahnyan any warning or him-
self time to think.

THIS WAS A NIGHTMARE, Ro-
han thought. They were running,
running, running, the three of them,
through mist and pale trees wreathed in
vines and fog, and the leaves talked con-
tinuously around them, trembling like a
jungle in terror.

  Rohan could scarcely see the pale fol-
iage before his eyes. That flash, back
there,- had been so nearly blinding . . .

  What flash?

  “Oh yes,” he thought casually. “The
flash when I shot the d’vahnyan.

  Reason suddenly took over in his spin-
ning mind, and he seemed to be screaming
a shocked and incredulous question at
himself: Shot the d’vahnyan? I shot the
d’vahnyan?

  He stumbled and fell forward, clasping
a tree-trunk to break the fall, and leaned
there for a long moment, his cheek against
the wet bark, water dripping down his
neck from the trembling foliage above,
while he wrestled with his own stunned
and awakening memory.

  “I shot the d’vahnyan ” he told him-
self carefully. “Oh yes, I did it. I, Red
Rohan, shot a d’vahnyan, and here I am,
alive. So it can be done. I did it. But
what happened then? Why am I here?’'

  His memory did not want to retrace its
path, and he set his teeth and forced
his mind back to the moment before
the cave, when the gun jolted in his hand,
and—

  The flash. The blinding sun-flash, yel-
low white, the brightest light that had
ever burned on Venus. No Venusian ever
saw the sun. Even the fires burned lav-
ender. Even gun-fire flashed, pale violet.
But this flash had been the color of the
sun. Blinding. Stunning the “eye and the
mind.

  It engulfed the d’vahnyan. And the
mist rolled forward to cloud the sun-
color. Rainbows, he remembered, had shim-
CARRY ME HOME

mered for an instant in the mist, surely
the first rainbows that had ever shone
on Venus.

  But had the d’vahnyan fallen? No man
could stand against the discharge of a
blaster fired into him from three feet
away. But was the d’vahnyan a man?
He asked himself the question, and the
garrulous leaves whispered all around him,
giving no answer. There was no answer.
There was only the blinding flash, the
mist, the rainbows, and—

  And then they had run.

  “Forsythe,” Rohan called, his voice un-
steady above the conversations of the
leaves. “Forsythe. Jellaby!”

  Dark figures looming up out of the
trees behind him gasped and slowed in
their forward plunge.

  “Red?” Forsythe’s uncertain voice in-
quired. “Red?”

  “All right,” Rohan said, forcing his
tone toward normality. “All right, calm
down now. We’re okay. Everything’s un-
der control.”

  “Control!” Forsythe said bitterly, lean-
ing against a tree and gasping for breath.
“Oh, sure, everything’s fine! You shot a
'd’vahnyan. I saw you do it! You know
what the penalty is for that?”

“Do you ?” Rohan managed a wry grin.
“Nobody knows. Maybe nobody ever
tried it before. Maybe it’s a brand new
crime. But they’ll work out some punish-
ment to fit it. And we—”

  “Shut up,” Rohan said. He was striv-
ing hard to regain his lost composure. He
said again, “Shut up, Forsythe,” and his
voice was almost pleasant. “What’s done
is done. Now you’ll have to come along
with me. If we reach the Mountain we
won’t have a thing to worry about. I
promise you that.”

  “I won’t do it,” Forsythe said, still
breathing hard. “I’m going back and wait
for Barber. You got the message to him
and I think he’ll come. We didn’t give
him time enough, that’s all. He—”

  Rohan said wearily, “Barber’s dead,
Forsythe. He died two years ago.”

THERE WAS A DREADFUL silence
among the three men for a very
long moment. Then Jellaby slowly un-

.13

slung his rifle, his big hands moving al-
most unguided, his eyes beginning to burn
upon Rohan.

  “Don’t you do it,” Rohan said. “I’m
your only chance.”

  “Barber—dead?” Forsythe echoed blank-
ly. “I don’t believe it. You’re lying.
You—”

  “I lied before, yes. I had to. I needed
you two.” Rohan’s voice was assured,
gently urgent. “No message ever went
through to Barber because it couldn’t. I
haven’t got any pipeline to hell. Barber
lived a long, nasty life and he died in a
crack-up in the jungle two years ago.
I heard about it from Crazy Joe. I was
afraid you might have, too, but I took
the chance. I had to. I tell you, if we
get to the Mountain you’ll never regret
what I’ve done. We’ll be so rich no gov-
ernment can stop us. We’ll carve an em-
pire out of the Venusian jungle and we’ll
be three emperors who rule half a world.
There’s enough for all of us. This whole
planet is just lying here waiting for men
like us to take over. I know the way to
do it. I’m going on. I need your
help and I’ve made sure you’d have to
give it. You can’t go back now. The whole
planet’s against us. All we can do is push
on toward the Mountain, and if we get
there, we can buy and sell the world.”
He elbowed himself away from the tree.
“I’m going on. You can follow if you
want to.”

  The two in the path looked at him word-
lessly, rage and terror stopping up their
mouths. Forsythe choked a little and tried
to speak, but the words died and his eyes
went suddenly round, showing a circle
of white around each iris. He was look-
ing back the way they had come.

  Rohan swung about and looked too. Dis-
tinctly in the murmuring silence they all
heard the crunch of soft feet moving over
pebbles. Rohan thought violently back
along the way he had come, searching for
a memory of crossing pebbles. He looked
down. His feet were dark with moisture.
Yes, a broad shoal of pebbles and then
a rushing brook that wound through the
trees. A long way back? He couldn’t re-
member.

  They heard pebbles roll and crunch, far
PLANET STOMUES

14

off, hidden among the leaves. Then there
was the sound of rapid water gurgling
around an obstruction—such an obstruc-
tion as wading legs. Pebbles crunched
again on the nearer bank. After that, si-
lence.

  It might be farther than it seemed. Sound
carried strangely sometimes among these
deflecting leaves.

  Rohan sucked in breath, settled his pack
with firm, decisive hands, checked his blas-
ter.

  “Come along,” he said, and his voice
was almost cheerful again. The pressure
of danger was like a strong drink to him
now. There could be no hesitating, no un-
certainty. The only course was forward.
“Come on—quick! We can make it if we
keep ahead.”

  “Ahead of what?” Forsythe whispered,
rolling his white-ringed eyes back toward
the mist-hung jungle they had passed.
“It’s hhfi, you know. I—I’ve been seeing
flashes of black through the leaves. He’s
after us. He’ll get us, Red. We killed him
and he’ll follow us till he gets us. Red,

I—”

  Rohan’s big hand cracked sharply
across the swarthy, sweating face.

  “Shut up and get going. Ahead of me.
Jellaby, you too. I don’t trust you behind
me. Go on—march!” He laughed on a
note of exhilaration. “I’ll come last, so
if he catches us I’ll be the first to go.”

  Uncertainly, on hurried, stumbling feet,
the two plunged ahead of him. Rohan
drew another long breath, grinned, let it
out in a melodious whistle. The tremb-
ling, pale leaves conversing all around
them shivered to the notes of defiance in
his voice as he began to sing.

  “Svring low,” he sang to the mist and
the vine-wreathed trees, “sweet chariot,
cornin’ for to carry me home . .

THE MOUNTAIN’S tremendous shoul-
ders loomed above the mists, mon-
strous, streaming with veils of cloud,
naked above the clinging jungle. It was
gray scoriac stone, smudged all up and
down its sides with great soft blurs of
color where lichens grew pink and amber,
pale green, dusky blue. The peak was

hidden. The pool, the treasure, the secret,
drew cloud about themselves and pretended
not to exist at all.

  Rohan looked up at the peak warmly
and lovingly, hardly believing he stood
here, so close to the goal that would make
all his dreams come true. He saw the
steep road winding upward and half shut
his eyes, picturing himself coming down
it laden with treasure. With rubies and
diamonds. And wiser than the Rohan who
stood here at the edge of the jungle: He
would be stronger than the d’vahnyan
when he came down that road. A Rohan
would come down who knew the secret
of the d’vahny'an who 'held a whole planet
in submission. It would be Rohan who
gave the orders, then.

  He glanced back. The following feet
still came on. They had seen nothing
through the whispering leaves all the way,
but the follower had not faltered. Nor
had he tried, Rohan thought, to overtake
them. It had been enough to follow. Ro-
han knew he ought to feel frightened.
Forsythe and Jellaby were cold and shak-
ing with long-sustained superstitious dread
as they looked back. But Rohan felt so
sure of the secret which was almost in
his grasp that fear did not touch him.
By the time that unhurrying follower
caught up with him, he would know more
than the d’vahnyan knew. He would be
stronger than the d’vahnyan. If he hurried,
now.

  “All right,” he said. “Get along. Up
the Mountain, boys. I promise you, once
we—”

  “Listen!” Forsythe said. They stood
frozen. The jungle babbled with mind-
less, lisping voices. A wind sighed down
from the heights above. Somewhere far
off, thunder rolled. And then the sound
came again, hollow and thin, distorted by
the leaves between.

  “Ro-han,” the voice was calling. “Ro-
han. Red Ro-han!”

  This time a cold shiver went sharply
down Rohan’s back.

  “Go on!” he said. “Up the Mountain,
quick!”

  The voice called again, miraculously
nearer. The follower seemed to be com-
ing after them now in seven-league boots.
CARRY ME HOME

15

  “Ro-han, Rohan . .

  Rohan broke into a leaden run, the
pack bumping on his shoulders. The
Mountain was so near. If he could get
even a little way ahead, perhaps—
“Rohan?” the voice said from the edge
of the trees. “Rohan, wait for me.”

  He turned in spite of himself. Then he
let his breath out in a long, foolish gasp
and said, “Crazy Joe!”

  The old man grinned at him above the
ragged heard. “Sure it’s me. What did
you think? Wait a minute.”

  He came striding confidently across the
moss, swinging his arms. He was a stal-
wart old creature. No one knew how old,
or how young. The bleached beard and
hair might be white with age, or from
some more obscure reason. Nobody knew
much about Crazy Joe except that he came
and went when he felt like it and an-
swered no questions. His face was ex-
traordinarily bland and peaceful. He did
a great many very odd things at odd
times, and it was probably quite true that
he was mad.

  He looked immaculate, which was an
unexpected part of his eccentricity. His
blue jeans were spotted with dew and
rain, but he wore them tucked neatly
into the tops of wrapped Quai sandals,
and his denim shirt was Government Issue
designed at Swanport for Terrestrial wear
on Venus. He had stuck a pink flower in
its pocket-flap and he was probably not
aware that several spotted blossoms and
a pale butterfly rested on his tousled hair.

  “Thought I’d get here first,” he said,
grinning his rather foolish grin. “You
must have come fast.” He tilted his head
back and peered up the steep road that
wound about the Mountain. “Well, well,”
he said softly. “Hasn’t changed at bit.
Which one of you plans to go up first?”
Forsythe said unsteadily, ignoring the
question, “Was that you behind us all the
time? There wasn’t—anybody else?”

  “I dunno just what you mean, son,”
Crazy Joe said, blinking.

  “Was there a—did you see any—” For-
sythe could not quite get the word out.

  “A d’vahnyan,” Rohan said it for him.
“We think one of them’s after us, Joe.
See anything?”

GRAZY JOE TURNED and looked
thoughtfully at the jungle, running
his fingers through his beard. The pale
butterfly struggled furiously and freed it-
self, blew away on a soft gust of wind.

  “He followed down the labyrinthine
ways,” Crazy Joe murmured, “of my own
mind.”

  “What?” Forsythe asked impatiently.

  Crazy Joe shook his head and his grin
was vacant. “Which one of you plans
to go up first?” he asked again.

  “We’ll all go, of course,” Rohan said.
“What about that d’vahnyan, Joe?”

  “If he wants you, he’ll catch you,” Joe
said. “I wouldn’t worry if I were you.
There was a band of angels cornin’ after
me.” He smiled at Rohan. “I heard a lot
of singing about ’em. You going up first,
Rohan? You can’t all go together, you
know. That’s against the rules.”

  Rohan made an impatient gesture. “I
make the rules from now on. Who’s go-
ing to stop me? There’s nobody up there,
is there?”

  “Oh yes. One Quai, always. Waiting.”

  “What for?” _

  “Waiting to be devoured,” Crazy Joe
said casually. “By the thing in the pool.
You knew the treasure was guarded, didn’t
you ?”

  Forsythe looked at Rohan expectantly.
Rohan looked away, and met Jellaby’s
tense gaze on the other side. The two men
spoke simultaneously.

  “So that’s it!” Forsythe and Jellaby
said with a single voice.

  Rohan laughed. “Not what you’re
thinking, no. I’ll dive for it if you’re
afraid to. I never said it would be easy.
But you’ll have to help. If somebody’s
standing by with a gun, I’ll feel a lot—”

  “No, Rohan,” Crazy Joe said earnestly.
“You can’t do that, you know. Only one
at a time. Think it over, Rohan. Remem-
ber what’s up there.” The eyes under the
faded bushes of brows were keen. "That
you won’t discover unless you’re alone.”

  “What’s all this?” Forsythe demanded.

  “It’s a secret,” Crazy Joe said chil-
dishly. “Rohan knows.” He glanced back
at the shivering jungle and his voice
blended with its dreamlike soughing. "Be-
hind, the vats of judgment brewing,” he
16

PLANET STORIES

said, "Thundered, and thick the brimstone
snowedHe looked at Rohan and smiled.
“He to the hill of his undoing . . . Pur-
sued his road . .

  “Ah, you’re two crackpots together,”
Forsythe said, turning abruptly away. His
face was thoughtful. He seemed to be
evolving some new idea, and that Rohan
could not—dared not—allow. There was
again, as always, only one solution.

  Rohan stepped back from the little
group, laying a hand on his holstered gun,
tipping it up ominously. He would not
have to draw it. He could shoot well
enough at this range from the holster. It
was a trick he liked.

   “All right, Forsythe,” he said, not troub-
ling any more to make his voice cheerful
or pleasant. “Jellaby, over here. Both of
you. We’ll go up together, you two first.
Crazy Joe—”

  He looked speculatively at Crazy Joe.
He was'thinking that he would have to
kill the old man, sooner or later. He was
dangerous on too many counts. He could
lead the two others back to the Terres-
trial Highway, and only fear of the jun-
gle kept them submissive to Rohan now.
With Crazy Joe for a guide, they would
be free of him. Also, Crazy Joe knew
too much about the Mountain. What he
had babbled once he might babble again,
and Rohan did not intend for anyone else
to stand where he stood now. He fingered
the trigger meditatively, hesitated, de-
cided the moment was not yet. “Crazy
Joe,” he said, “get back and don’t bother
me. I make the rules from now on.”
Forsythe’s heavy face wrinkled up in
a thoughtful grimace. Rohan didn’t like
it. He jerked the holstered gun threat-
eningly.

  “Forsythe—” he said.

  Forsythe squinted at him, lifted his up-
per lip and laughed harshly.

  “Crazy Joe,” he said, without taking his
eyes from Rohan’s, “is there another path
down this mountain?”

  “Only this one,” Crazy Joe said tran-
quilly.

  “No other way to get down?”

   “No. It’s all precipices except this side,
where the road is.”

  Forsythe, still holding Rohan’s gaze,

stepped back deliberately, found a con-
venient rock and sat down, laughing his
annoying harsh laugh, his eyes small and
full of malice on Rohan’s.

  “Go on,” he said, goadingly. “Why
don’t you shoot?”

  Jellaby barked out a sudden, under-
standing burst of amusement.

“He won’t,” he declared. “Not him.”
“Why won’t I ?” Rohan demanded,
struggling hard to keep his anger in check.

   “Because you need us, that’s why,” For-
sythe said flatly. “And we don’t need you.
You wouldn’t have let us in on this at
all if one man could have made that trip
through the jungle alone. You needed us.
When you come down the Mountain
loaded with jewels you’ll need us worse
than ever. All right, you tricked us into
coming. But it was your idea, not ours.
You go right ahead and wrestle with your
devil-fish up there. If you get the treasure,
fine, we’ll share it with you. If you don’t
come down, that’s fine too. Crazy Joe
will guide us back. Suit yourself, Red.
You asked for it.”

  “We didn’t shoot any d’vahnyan” Jel-
laby added. “We’re clear. We’ll help you
carry your rubies and diamonds back, but
we won’t get ’em for you.”

  Rohan looked at Crazy Joe. The old
man smiled impersonally.

  “One at a time, Rohan,” he murmured.
“That’s what I said. It isn’t allowed any
other way. Even if you shot me, it wouldn’t
make any difference. You’ll have to go up
alone.”

THE STEEP STONE ROAD curved
around a leaning monolith and wind
poured downward along it like a stream
of cool, invisible water. Below, through
gaps in the mist, the trembling jungle
showed. Stormclouds hung purple and
laced with distant lightning. Rohan’s feet
as he climbed left stains of pale green
and pink and violet on the road, the colors
of crushed lichens.

  He could not see the men below any
longer. He knew what they were think-
ing, though. He knew what they were
planning, for he would plan identically if
the situation were reversed. Forsythe and
Jellaby did not mean to risk the ascent,
CARRY ME HOME

17

  but when he came down loaded with
  jewels, they would shoot him as he came.
  Or try to.

He thought of Crazy Joe’s mild, wit-
x less gaze, watching him up the road until
mist blotted the lifted faces out. He
thought of Crazy Joe’s voice, babbling old
poetry.

    “Oh youth that would attain,

On, for thine hour is short,

    It may be thou, shalt gain
         The hell-defended fort . .

    He laughed a little. He felt very sure
  of himself. Continents of cloud rolled be-
  neath him like the planet he was going
  to conquer when he had conquered the
  Mountain. It was odd, how sure he was
  of the treasure and the secret that would
  make the d’vahnyan vulnerable to him. He
  had only a madman’s word for it, and
  yet he was very sure indeed. The breath
  burned in his chest, not wholly from the
  climb. He was brimmed with excitement,
  dread, a fierce anticipation. Crazy Joe had
  been right, after all—he had to be alone
  at this climax of his life. He must stand
  or fall by his own efforts. But he would
  not fall.

    The road turned sharply. He had reached
  the top.

    He stood quite still, looking about him
  with narrowed eyes, whistling through his
  teeth without being wholly aware of it.
  “Sweet chariot,” he whistled, “coinin’ for
  to carry me home.”

   There was an island in the sky. A
  walled island with a wide, wide gate like
  no gate he had ever seen before. Through
  the strange, lacelike meshes of it he could
  see the fiat summit of the mountain in a
  gray light that cast no shadows. A windy
  whispering sighed across the plateau. The
  scene was as still and colorless as a steel
  engraving except for the startling blue of
  the pool. Crazy Joe had not lied. It was
  sky-blue, on a world that had never seen
  the sky. Thirty feet across, lapping level
  with the smooth rim around it, colored
  like eternity, the pool lay waiting him.

    He stood on the lip of a wide stone
  semicircle with the wall beyond it. Against
  2—Planet Stories—November

the wall facing him was a rickety structure
like something you might see in a bazaar
near the Mediterranean, back home on
Earth. A roof of tree-fronds on unsteady
poles leaned against the wall, sheltering
a fantastic clutter of objects beneath its
dripping eaves. The hut was a jackdaw’s
nest of junk. Lying motionless in a huddle
of fringed blankets on the ground, a Quai
slept placidly.

  Waiting to be devoured, Crazy Joe had
said.

  Rohan looked curiously over the bazaar-
booth’s contents, taking an inventory of
the trivia in a Quai’s life that had seemed
important enough to bring with him to
the hour of his death. Surrounded by the
detritus of his incomprehensible Venusian
life, the man slept on. He lay on his face
and only the pink soles of his bare feet
were visible beneath the tumble of blan-
kets. His hands were clasped together on
top of his seal-sleek head.

  Above him fringes and braided ribbons
fluttered from pins on the wall. There
was a wire cage with a captive insect
like a moth crawling about inside, chirp-
ing softly. A chain of bells hung from
a carved globe of deep red wood. There
were three totally incoherent paintings
in irregular frames. A whistle hung by a
long tassel. A pot of water held three
colorless flowers, each with two petals
creased down by a careful hand.

  Rohan’s feet did not make a sound on
the rock, but he was aware after a moment
that a round yellow eye had opened in
the shadow of the Quai’s uplifted arm
and was regarding him without expres-
sion. The Quai did not move.

  Rohan shrugged a little and went on
toward the gate.

THE WALL WAS HIGH and very
thick, so thick that the gate aperture
was really a passage about twenty feet
long. The gate itself was a web which
entirely filled the passage from end to
end. Some spider who spun glittering,
curled metal thread had been at work
here. It reminded Rohan of something.
What ? Curled threads—yes, like the
threads woven into the wrappings the
d’vahnyan wore. His heart beat a little
faster in triumph at this implied con-
firmation of Crazy Joe’s promise.

  How you passed the Gate was another
matter. He squinted up at the wall. Far
too high to scale. He glanced back at the
Quai, and saw that the man was now sit-
ting up, cross-legged, clasping his ankles
and watching Rohan without expression.
He was a little struck by the Quai’s face.
Arrogance was on it. This was a man who
18

had wielded much power over a long
period of time. The set of the mouth
showed it, and the imperious gaze. How
strange that such a man would forsake
life among his people and climb the. Moun-
tain with his few small valued things to
bear him company until the summons
came . . .

Rohan looked back at the gate. This
time it seemed to him that there was an

The road turned sharply
he had reached the top
CJ

t-

or

opening which led a little way into the
web, like the entry into a maze. He put
out a cautious hand, tested the firm,
curled lace of the metal, found a vacant
space the size and shape of a man, stepped
forward into it.

  He stood there, peering intently before
him, searching for the next open space.
He was certain that it existed, but he had
to keep his mind firmly fixed on the
patterns to find it. Wind blowing through
the gate sang faintly among the webbings.

After a moment Rohan saw the next
opening, squirmed to the left, squeezed
between vibrating traceries of bright wire,
and stood in another open space several
paces inside the gate.

  It was certainly, he thought, a machine.
Some intricate Venusian mind had built
it for some purpose no Terrestrial was
likely to understand, but it was definitely
a functioning mechanism. It took the most
intent concentration to find one’s way
through, and, the moment the mind re-

19
20	PLANET

laxed, the gate began to press the in-
truder back toward his starting point,
gently, resiliency, almost imperceptibly.

  Rohan pushed ahead, paused for long
minutes, searching the dazzling confusion
before him until suddenly the right per-
spective took shape and he saw the next
passage opening, clear and unbarred, lead-
ing another three feet or so into the tangle.
When he stepped into it, the way he had
just come blended instantly into the laby-
rinth. Suddenly frightened, he searched
for the way back, found it after a few
minutes, and discovered he had lost the
forward way. While he hunted again for
it, he was aware of the pressure of the
web, of bright curled wires moving past
his face. The gate was pressing him toward
its outer surface.

  Resolutely he fixed his mind on the
immediate problem, found the way for-
ward, pushed into it, paused, searched
again. Very'slowly he made his way
toward the plateau on the far side of the
wall. The pool lay placid, waiting.

f«TS THIS ALL?” HE THOUGHT,

  A looking around the empty mountain-
top. Only the wet, sighing wind hissed
in his ear for answer. It was all. The en-
circling wall hid nothing. Bare stone over-
grown with blurs of colored lichens and
the pool itself, an unlidded eye staring
up at infinity.

  Rohan strolled toward it, paused on the
brink, looking down.

  His heart turned over.

  This much at least of Crazy Joe’s tale
was true. There were stars down there in the
deep sky-blue of the water, stars that
winked up green and red, blue and amber.
Great drifts of jewels set and unset,
thicker than the sands of the pool’s floor.

  Then a shadow stirred, deep down. A
vast, thick coil moved upon itself, turned
over slowly, settled back to rest. It was
only a part of a vaster shadow. He leaned
to peer closer. But the water was milky.
He could not see . .-.

  Not very much is. really known about
the fauna of Venus. Terrestrial explora-
tion has been confined to narrow corri-
dors, and if there are dangerous beasts

STORIES

in the jungles they generally shun the
highways and the towns. What may dwell
in the seas of Venus is as unknown as
the deepest secrets of our own seas. This
thing was vast and sluggish, dimly gleam-
ing where light struck it strongest. Ro-
han measured its bulk as well as he could,
considered it with a sort of reckless cau-
tion. It was slow. It was probably not
hungry, or the Quai outside the gate would
not be waiting there. Presumably some
kind of summons would come when the
Quai was wanted. Or did they operate
on some private schedule of their own?
At any rate Rohan was a strong swimmer.
Also, he had a knife.

  He thought, unfastening his shirt, “Ifj
I can get up only a load or two of what’s
down there, it’ll be a start. I can hire
a ship and come back here with enough
artillery to kill the thing and clean out
the pool. Maybe I won’t even wake it up,
if I’m careful.”

  Then he thought of the d’vahnyan, and
glanced again, rapidly and with uneasi-
ness, around the plateau. Had Crazy Joe
told three truths and one lie about this
place? The pool was blue, as he had said1.
It held treasure and a monster of some
kind. But the greatest treasure, the secret
behind the d’vahnyan—where was it ? What
was it? No, Crazy Joe did not tell lies.
Unless it was unwittingly. Could that be
it? Some vague fantasy he had dreamed
up here, staring into the hypnotic eye of
the pool? No, for he did know the secret.
He did talk with the d’vahnyan, easily,
with strong influence sometimes. Well,
never mind. At least, the jewels were
here. After that there would be time
enough to explore further.

  A curious sureness drove him on. The
secret was here. He could see no tangible
evidence but something deeper than rea-
son told him Crazy Joe had not misled
him. In its own time the secret would
come to him, as it had come to Crazy Joe.

  He stepped out of his trousers, settled
the long knife on its thong around his
wrist, poised on the pool’s brink.

HOW SOFT AND SMOOTH tKe
water was. Not like real water.
Stroking strongly downward, Rohan mar-
CARRY ME HOME

21

veled at the texture of the blue infinity
he sank through. He kept his eyes open,
enjoying the deepening blueness, watch-
ing for the flashes of color that struck
upward like some sunken autumn from
the bottom of the well. It was like swim-
ming through blue air toward stars.
He felt happy and light. It was strange
to think how intimately he shared this
water with a monster whose shape and
nature he did not know. The water was
full of death, but he did not fear it. It
was full of life and light too, if a man
had the courage to reach for them.

  The jewels lay heaped in thick, bright
hillocks, unevenly on the sand. It seemed
to Rohan that they lay smoothest in a
broad path across the pool’s center, as if
—something—had dragged a wide track
across the treasure many times. But the
deep waters hid all sign of the dweller
here. Perhaps it slept. Perhaps it had
withdrawn.

  Rohan shook out the strong, light sack
he had brought for the treasure. It
wrapped itself around his arm, clinging
like seaweed. He reached for a heavy,
half-submerged outcropping in the sand to
hold himself down and found he was
gripping a carved figure studded with
slippery gems. It served the purpose.

  What a lot of the treasure there was,
he thought warmly, riffling it over with
his free hand. Big rubies like blood-drops,
strings of half dissolving pearls, linked
diamonds set in imperishable yellow gold,
corroded boxes spilling out colored drifts
of stones. Little idols with enormous emer-
ald eyes. Ivory furred with the swaying
green hair of water-growths. Steel mir-
rors pitted with corruption that had once
given back the yellow-eyed glances of
pretty Quai girls, corruption now them-
selves. Steel daggers dissolving off studded
gold hilts. So much of it, too much, rich-
ness pressed down and running over.

  Happily Rohan brushed the surface, un-
covering yet more treasure underneath.
Working fast, he sorted out the largest
and the best and thrust them into his sack.
Great pale-eyed diamonds, globes of pre-
ciousness as live as stars, strings of lus-
trous rainbow color, faceted drops of
congealed brightness. It was wonderful.

It was Christmas morning. It was Easter,
with all the dazzling eggs nested here
awaiting him.

  His lungs began to burn. He turned
over and shot up through paling blueness
toward the air,3 his heavy sack trailing.
He began to lauijh exultantly just before
he broke the surface, and hung sputtering
and choking for a while before he emptied
his jewels on the bank and dived again.

  The treasure flashed brighter than be-
fore. He dug into it, tossing it over and
over, filling the sack anew with the power
and the glory of a planet. A second time
he rose to the surface, emptied his bulging
sack, dived.

  This time he uncovered a drift of pure
crimson drops, like a man unearthing a
vein of clear gold in a mountain of crys-
tals and silver. He dug with both hands
into the rich heaps, blinking in the clouds
of sand his digging had dislodged, reach-
ing for the bigger and brighter jewels
which always lay just an arm’s length out
of his grasp.

  A long, slow coil of disturbed sand rose
out of the milky distance past his face.
The water stirred, deeply and slowly.

  Then with great deliberation a grasp
like marble closed around his ankle.

Rohan writhed over in the

water convulsively, letting the rubies
fly. They sank in a sluggish red rain
about him through the blue water, turning
over slowly, as he tugged in a moment’s
almost fatal panic at that relentless coil.
It was heavy and hard and cold, like
stone. And it was drawing him in . . .

  It did not seem possible to him, that
a slow sun was beginning to burn through
the clouds of blinding sand which he was
raising in his struggles. He thought wildly
that the light burned in his own mind, a
symbol of shock and fear. But the tentacle
drew him downward and inward toward
the light, and as it grew and broadened
with nearness it was the color of the sun
itself, clear, bright white gold, shimmer-
ing in the waters that were colored like
the blue skies of Earth. Blue skies and
sunlight—two things no eye upon Venus
had ever seen, except perhaps here.
22

PJLAJVET

STORIES

  His lungs burned. His vision blurred
with sand and water and terror. He was
not aware of himself as a reasoning crea-
ture at all in this moment. He was only
a wild, struggling thing frantic to escape.

  The thong-hung dagger, following his
flailing motions faithfully, struck his palm
finally and brought reason back. His fin-
gers closed and with his last conscious
strength he drove the dagger down hard,
into the murk where the sunlight burned,
into the heavy coil that was creeping
higher around his ankle.

  He felt the whole coil flinch. He
slashed again. The water churned and the
marble grasp slackened a little. Writhing
double, blind with light and darkness, he
stabbed once more into solid flesh which
he could not see, and this time the heavy
coil relaxed and slid slowly, slowly away.

  Rohan shot up through foaming water,
luminous water that boiled with sand and
sparkled with broken reflections from that
strange sunlight which burned at the bot-
tom of the well. He broke the surface
with what seemed his last despairing ef-
fort, and hung there clutching the stone
rim, his body swinging helplessly in the
churning water, wondering how soon the
coil would rise again and lay its marble
weight around his legs.

  A hand seized his wrist. Two hands.
Without looking up he made feeble climb-
ing motions against the side of the pool,
but it was the strength of the two pulling
hands that saved him. He stumbled, gasping
and choking, over the edge at last, onto
dry pavement, and lay there spent for
an unmeasured space of time.

WHEN BREATH AND VOLITION
came back to him he opened his
eyes and saw a pair of white sandal-
wrapped feet on a level with his face, a
tumbled heap of jewels kicked this way
and that between them. Slowly, as ex-
haustion ebbed a little out of him, he
pushed himself up until he was sitting be-
side the flashing heap of his treasure, look-
ing into the face of the standing man.
Imperceptibly he was working the dagger
forward around his wrist so that his fin-
gers could close on it.

  The Quai was not looking down at

him. He knew the arrogant face, but its
arrogance was not for him. The Quai’s
third eyelids were drawn across the round
eyes and their gaze was focused remotely
beyond Rohan and downward, into the
pool. Automatically Rohan turned to fol-
low that veiled gaze.

  He had not imagined the light in the
pool. It burned stronger now, very bright,
very clear. And the water was troubled
from deep underneath. A sudden turbu-
lence rushed up, subsided, rushed higher,
spilling blue trickles over the rim. Then
a great bubble rose and burst, and just
under it the shining light came floating,
up, up from the bottom'of the well and
the center of the world. A cold, still bril-
liance that dazed the eye.

  The Quai spoke in a hushed voice.

  “Were you summoned?” he asked Ro-
han.

  “Summoned?” Rohan echoed the ques-
tion blankly. Then a little of his old con-
fidence came back, and even in the face
of this uprising mystery from the pool
he found himself laughing. “Summoned?,
Oh no—I came!”

  The two men looked at each other for
a measuring moment. Even through the
veiling lids Rohan saw the cold arrogance
in the Quai’s eyes and knew it for a re-
mote echo of his own. But there was a
difference . . .the Quai had come humbly,
acolyte and sacrifice in one. Rohan
laughed again and scrambled to his feet.
Exhaustion still weighted him, but he
could not rest—yet.

  What was going to happen next he had
no idea. He only knew that he could deal
with whatever came.

  His discarded clothing lay beside the
pool. Shivering a little in the soft, wet
wind that breathed across the Mountain,
he got quickly into his shirt, pressing the
seal-tapes with one rapidly moving hand
while with the other he groped for his
trousers. The cloth felt clammy against
his wet skin.

  He was buckling the reassuring weight
of the gunbelt around him when the next
great bubble burst. Another rose after it.
And another. Rohan turned, settling the
holster against his thigh. The Quai stood
motionless, with the jewels in a glitter-
CARRY ME HOME

23

ing tumble around his feet. He too stared
down into the pool. The water boiled. The
light like the sun rose higher, higher . . .

  Out of the seething blue waters lifted
the monstrous head of the dweller in the
well. Slowly, slowly it rose, water stream-
ing from its shoulders, and over its head
the flat, unwavering sun burned cold white
gold, shimmering, shivering, sending out
slow rings of light that eddied and faded,
spread and paled to an embracing potency
that was felt but not seen. They touched
the mind. Delicately they touched the
mind . . .

  What did it look like? Rohan could not
be sure, even while he stared. The light
dazed him. He only knew the thing was
monstrous. Mailed and shining, it drew
its magnificent length over the verge of
the pool, coil by coil. Before it, stealthy,
slow, tentative as the first light of dawn,
moved the rings of expanding radiation.
The thoughts of Rohan and the Quai
moved out from their skulls in measur-
able waves from each thinking brain, and
the radiations from the flat white light
met them and moved inward as if on
concentric stepping-stones, inexorably
toward the center and the source of all
thought.

  Gently, gently. But the storm was rising.

Rohan shut his mind tight,

violently rejecting that touch. It drew
back slightly, puzzled. Then it came on
again and there were no doors of the
mind he could close against it.

  A great many lightning thoughts rip-
pled one after another through his head.
The jewels. First and last and always, the
jewels. And how he could hope to get
to them, with that monstrous light-crowned
thing rising so slowly from the pool. And
how, even if he did get them, he could
escape. For he felt very sure that the
rings of expanding light were quiescent
now, barely stirring. There was no way
of guessing their full power if the crea-
ture were aroused, or how far down the
mountain they could spread, burning and
sinking, paralyzing the mind.

  It was not immortal. He had struck it
with his knife and it had let him go. Cer-
tainly it was not a normal creature by

any Terrestrial judgment, but it was not
supernatural, either. He had struck it,
and—

  The slow, upsurging coils hesitated. Out
of the water a slash in the mailed side
rose gingerly. The creature paused, swung
its magnificently '• crowned head back to
consider this twinge. And Rohan knew his
chance . . .

  The Quai never even heard him com-
ing. Rohan’s long knife flashed twice in
the quiet air, hard, accurate blows to
hasten the sacrifice which this man of
Venus had come to offer his god. Rohan
knew what he was doing. He knew how
to guide the blows.

  It takes perhaps three seconds for ob-
livion to come, when you strike deep at
the right spots. In those three seconds
the Quai had time for one quick look
of blank amazement over his shoulder,
and then no more.

  Rohan was braced to catch the sagging
body before it began to give at the knees.
He caught it neatly and strongly over his
bent shoulder, letting its weight double
across him, and surging forward in the
same quick instant that he stooped.

  His timing was perfect. When the sun-
crowned head of the monster swung round
again, the hurled body of the Quai
sprawled limply against its gigantic face,
hung there for unmoving seconds, and
then slid very gently downward to lie
flat upon the pavement in the pools of
spilled blue water. The pools turned red.

  Rohan wasted no glance at what was
happening between the sacrifice and the
god. He was moving with the rapid, ac-
curate gestures of an automaton, scooping
up gems with both hands, dropping them
blindly into his pockets. He had hoped
to go down from this pool laden heavily,
pack and pockets, with treasure. But now
he told himself rigidly that he could make
these scooping gestures twice more—once
more—no more—

  Resolutely he poured the last double
handful into his pockets and scrambled
backward on his knees, ignoring the bruise
and scrape of the stones, trying not to
look at the monster and its victim as he
went.

  But when he stood panting before the
24

PLANET STORIES

gate he glanced back once, for just me
quick, curious look, before he flung him-
self forward into the slow, intricate web
that lay between him and freedom. It was
for this, chiefly, that the Quai had had
to die. The treasure was only part of it.
Even if Rohan had had time to load him-
self with jewels, still a man must die to
give him time to negotiate this gate.

  He had one backward look only. The
monster had halted half in the pool and
half out of it. The great crowned head
was bent, and light floated very lazily
outward in slow, slow rings. The creature
seemed to be inspecting, the sprawled Quai
leisurely. And Rohan saw one thing about
it that struck his mind with stunning im-
pact. He could not understand this. It was
impossible. He had assumed all this while
that sacrifices between Quai and monster
would be consummated in the time-hon-
ored way-r-that the god would devour its
victim.

  But he saw now that the god had no
mouth.

THE THREADS OF THE gateway
shimmered like the intricate arma-
ture-wrapping of the d’vahnyan. Outside,
in the leaf-thatched hut where the Quai
had slept his last sleep in life, the caged
moth chirped with plaintive sweetness.
There was no other sound on the Moun-
tain but the sigh of the grey wind and
the soft chinking of the jewels in their
pockets around Rohan’s waist.

  He went fast, down the steep road.
He did not know how soon the rings of
light might begin to pulse out and drop
down after him, delicately touching the
secret chambers of the mind, touching and
pulling him back . . .

  Part of him wanted to be pulled back.
For he had accomplished only half his
purpose. Or had Crazy Joe lied, after all?
He had thought that when he came down
this road he would carry a double treasure
—jewels and knowledge. Something had
gone wrong, somehow, somewhere. Tan-
talizingly, at the very edge of his mind,
wisdom knocked for entry.

  The curled threads of the gateway—
the curled threads of the d’vahnyan’s omi-
nous wrappings. The gate, and the wrap-

pings—each was certainly a sort of un-
earthly machine. The latter controlled by
the waves flowing from the strange, in-
human brain of the d’vahnyan, the former
activated and shaped by Rohan’s desire
to enter, to pass through. Or by the mon-
ster.

  Twice on Venus Rohan had seen the
sun—once in the crowned monster’s bril-
liance, once when he shot the d’vahnyan.
Surely the link between the Mountain and
the d’vahnyan was a strong one. But it
was not clear. He had missed its signi-
ficance, somehow, somehow . . .

  There was not time yet to worry about
it. He had the jewels. Later, he could come
back with weapons and reinforcements
and take what he wanted from the pool.
If the secret knowledge that could make
all d’vahnyan vulnerable was there, and
he thought it was, he would take that too,
at his leisure. He could manage every-
thing, with what he carried in his pockets.

  There was only one last obstacle now.
He touched his gun reflectively and
watched the road below. Forsythe and
Jellaby. They would be waiting for hint
. . . no, for what he carried. To their
minds he knew he himself was only a
vehicle now, for the delivery of treasure.

  Somewhere on the path below they
would meet him to dispute the treasure.
He grinned, wondering which of them
he would shoot first. That it would be Rohan
who shot first seemed self-evident to him.
And with Jellaby—or Forsythe—out of
the way, the balance would shift once more
and the survivor’s return to civilization
would depend solely on Rohan in the long
jungle trek ahead. One man alone could
not make the trip in safety. It took two
at least.

  “Forsythe,” Rohan thought. “If there’s
any choice, I’ll kill Forsythe.”

  It was curious in a way how totally
he discounted Crazy Joe.

WHITE FOG SWAM LAZILY UI»
to meet him as he descended. Look-
ing out over the immeasurable miles of dis-
solving jungle, he thought he saw a glitter
of light wink once and vanish, very far
away. Foggy Morning, Flattery, Swanport,
civilization, A long way off.
CARRY ME HOME

25

  The fog closed around him. He walked
half blinded, in white cloud. Rocks loomed
like waiting figures at every bend. After
a while he drew his gun and carried it
ready, the safety off, knowing that he
was coming nearer and nearer to the
danger area where almost certain ambush
waited him. He went very cautiously now,
searching each crevice he passed, all his
senses tuned to a singing alertness. And
presently, with no surprise, he heard a
gentle click of metal on rock a little way
ahead in the blankness, and knew that the
moment was upon him.

  Feet shifted on rock. A voice whispered
a fierce warning. Rohan smiled. “Forsythe
first,” he thought. It was bravado and
nothing more. He knew he would simply
fire at the first moving shadow and hope
for the best. He stood perfectly still,
hugging the rock wall, his senses straining
into this blank grey world where death
waited him on the downward path.

  Behind him, above him, quite clearly
in the fog, footsteps sounded.

  Rohan pressed flat against the rocks,
turning his head sharply. That was im-
possible.

  He told himself that acoustics must be
confused in this heavy, blind dimness. He
told himself he had imagined the sound.
For there could not possibly be footsteps
behind him. No one had passed him going
up. There was no other way to the top.
And he had left nothing alive on the
Mountain. Only the moth in the cage and
the monster in the pool.

  But now the sound of footsteps rang
clear again on the rock above, coming
nearer. It was no trick of the echoes or
the mind. Someone was following him
down the steep road. Someone striding
firmly on shod feet that struck loud on
stone and muffled on lichens.

  Suddenly the mist felt cold around him.

  The Quai was dead. Surely, surely the
Quai was dead. But there had been no
other human up there. For a disorienting
moment he thought that the man who
strode the path so confidently was him-
self, and he who pressed shivering against
the rocks a stranger without a name.

  He made himself lean out, peering ur-
gently along the way he had come, curs-

ing the mist and yet grateful to it, for
he was not sure he really wanted to see
the face of this follower at his heels.
How confidently the footsteps rang upon
the road. How fast they came.

   The mists blew thicker still.

  The men below him on the road heard
the footfalls now. Metal clinked on stone
as someone raised a rifle with awkward
haste. A voice hissed angrily. Feet shifted
on pebbles. The ambush was ready.

  For whom? For what?

  Rohan laid a hand on his heavy-laden
pocket, lifted his gun tentatively, the
beginnings of panic stirring uncontroll-
ably in his mind. In seven-league boots
the following footsteps strode down upon
him.

  At the last moment some quick instinct
warned him to clear the path, to get out
of the way. He flung himself flat against
the high rock wall which was the road’s
inner edge.

  Out of the mists and past him the
d’vahnyan stalked. His black wrappings
gleamed. His empty, remote, passionless
eyes touched Rohan indifferently and
moved away. From very far off the im-
personal eyes saw and dismissed him, eyes
which held no ego and no consciousness
of self.

  But Rohan knew the face.

  There had been arrogance and pride
upon it like his own, the last time he had
looked into it. But the man was dead now.
He knew that. The man had to be dead,
with Rohan’s knife-thrusts in him, at the
edge of the pool, and the monster nuzz-
ling its sacrifice. The monster with no
mouth . . .

  It had received its sacrifice, then. And
now a d’vahnyan came striding strongly
down from the Mountain, his face stamped
into the same imperishable matrix of self-
less, dispassionate calm which every
d’vahnyan bore.

  Stamped—by what?

  Rohan leaned, sick and shaking, against
the rock, waves of cold revulsion pouring
over him, knowing the secret at last. So
that was the source of the d’vahnyan. So
that was what the monster fed upon. Star-
ing into the lost, ghostly, erased face of
the d’vahnyan, he knew why the death-
26	PLANET

dealers of the Quai are beings beyond life
and death.

  But the two in ambush just below him
did not know. Rohan held his breath, shiv-
ering, powerless to intervene in what came
next, although he knew to the last spinning
whirl of the brain in his skull exactly what
would come. He had been through this be-
fore.

  Below him he heard the whisper of an
indrawn breath as the d’vahnyan strode
by and was swallowed in cloud. It was
the inhalation a man takes when he braces
a blaster stock to his hip and holds until
the finger finishes tightening on the trig-
8er*

  It finished. The sharp, echoing crack of
gun-fire exploded stunningly in the fog
as Jellaby fired at the half-seen, stalking
figure which he disastrously mistook for
Rohan—

  The, fog split and took fire and burned
like the blaze of a white-hot sun. The eye
and the mind went blind before it.

WHEN ROHAN COULD SEE
again, the road was clear before
him. Jellaby’s blaster lay abandoned ten
feet below. The fog had burned itself
away for a broad half-mile around the
sun-hot flash of expending energy. And
time had burned away, too. How long a
time he did not know.

  Then scuttling motion, far below him at
the foot of the' road, told him the answer.
Ten minutes? Fifteen? Thirty? Long
enough for Jellaby and Forsythe to run
blindly almost to the edge of the pale,
garrulous forest at the Mountain’s foot.
Mindless panic still controlled them, and
they ran like little mannikin figures jerk-
ing on strings, seen from far away. They
ran*, from no pursuer, driven by their
own blind terror.

  Fontha new-made' d’vahnyan, unharmed,
another mannikin far off, stalked away into
the jungle at an angle divergent from
theits flight, moving steadily upon his own
inhuman business, answering some sound-
less call which no human ears could hear.
Who could guess what summons a
d’vahnyan?

  “You ought to know, Red,” a voice
said from very near by.

STORIES

  Rohan jumped convulsively, glaring. How
could he possibly have missed seeing
Crazy Joe?

  The familiar figure leaned against a
rock in full sight, six steps away on the
downward path, arms folded, eyes on Ro-
han. He was smiling in his bush of beard.

  “You were thinking out loud, Red,”
he said.

  Rohan laughed shakily. His head was
still buzzing and there was a misty, dream-
like quality over everything he thought
or did. He moved, and his laden pockets
jingled faintly. Thought of the jewels
brought him back to something nearer
sanity, and sudden cunning moved in his
mind.

  The jewels in the pool were his. He
had suffered much for them. He would go
on down the Mountain, catch up with
Forsythe and Jellaby, kill one of them
and travel with the other to safety. After
that—time enough to decide. But one
thing he must do first. Crazy Joe had talked
too much once already about this Moun-
tain and this treasure . . . now it was Ro-
han’s and nobody else’s. Forsythe and
Jellaby knew. They must be silenced,
eventually. Crazy Joe had better be si-
lenced, too. Now.

  Rohan felt for his gun. The holster
was empty. He looked down in sudden
panic. Far down the slope pale light glinted1
on steel. He must have dropped the blaster
when the flash of sun-glare stunned them
all.

  He sighed, met Crazy Joe’s eyes,
thought of his knife. Yes, that would do.
Crazy Joe never carried a weapon. The
knife would do very well.

  There was no use talking about this.
Crazy Joe was smiling at him, and he
smiled back, automatically, and with one
smooth motion drew the knife from his
belt and stepped forward, his lips still
curved in the meaningless smile as he
tipped the blade for that fatal spot just
inside the collarbone, where life beats so
near the surface that one thrust quenches
it forever in the briefest count of seconds.

  Moving like a man in a dream, he drove
the knife straight home.

  How strange, he thought remotely, that
Crazy Joe made no move to defend him-
CARRY ME HOME	27

self. How irritating that calm smile was.

  A streak of jagged lightning sprang up
at the knife-point as it slid across Crazy
Joe’s chest. Not biting in, but sliding, and
trailing cold fire after it . . .

  Stupidly Rohan blinked at the slit shirt-
front. And at what he saw beneath the
shirt. The tight black wrappings, glitter-
ing with curled metallic thread.

  From a long way off Crazy Joe said
quietly, “This wasn’t my idea, Red. On
Venus, when the summons comes, you
go.”

  “Was I—summoned?” Rohan whis-
pered, and hardly heard the answer be-
cause of the ringing in his ears.

  “I told you about the Mountain, didn’t
I? That was the summons, Red. Only
the strong men answer. Only the men
it can use. Look up, Red.”	,

ROHAN LOOKED UP. A slow ring
of light was dropping gently down-
ward around the Mountain. Light like
the sun, white gold, shivering in the dim
air. It flickered by Rohan’s face and faded.
But another ring came after it, stronger
and broader, touching the brain as it
passed.

  Crazy Joe, still smiling calmly and com-
passionately, nodded toward the upward
road.

  “Go on, Red,” he said. “Get it over.
There’s work to be done on Venus. I
know. I do it too. You were summoned.
Go on.”

  The third ring of light floated down
past Rohan’s face, and his mind reeled
in his skull. The fourth ring touched . . .

  Suddenly Rohan’s hands rose and
clasped tight on top of his head. But
under his defending fingers, under the
cuirass of his skull, he felt movement.
No, not movement—light. Brilliant and
clear, white gold like the sun and the
short, strong microwaves which the sun
and stars send out even through clouds,
even to a world that never sees the sun.

  Rohan thought quite lucidly for an in-
stant of the sun in a clear blue heaven,
warm, shining. Quick nostalgia stirred
in him at the memory of a world called
Earth, a long way distant, dissolving in
space and memory. A world called Earth,

where a man named Rohan used to live,
a long, long time ago.

  A man called—what?

  He stamped once on the path, feeling
rock solid under him, searching for re-
assurance in an eclipsed universe. There
was a bearded face before him. He knew
that face. It had always been hauntingly
familiar, under the disguising beard, and
something more concealing than the beard
—a calm and passionless peace. The peace
that comes when a strong ego drains out
and—something else—flows in. Something
else, like light, like blazing gold, like the
white flame that was stirring in his brain.
This time he knew the erased identity
that had dwelt once behind that face.

  He said, “You were Barber. You were
Barber Jones.”

  Crazy Joe smiled and nodded.

  Rohan’s hands clasped tighter on his
head. He said painfully, “And I—I’m—”
But he could not finish. He was no
one. He had no name at all.

  “Go on back,” Crazy Joe said from
infinite distances. “There’s nothing else
left for you now. Nothing at all.”

  A ring of clear bright light sank about
him, widening and expanding, and the
name of Rofian faded, the name of Earth
dissolved. Jewels clinked as he turned
obediently to face the rising path. Last
of all the bright thought of power faded,
and the use of treasure.

  In the emptiness of 'his mind he searched
remotely for a name that had dissolved
irretrievably in the burning of the light
of his brain. And after a moment or two
he seemed to find it. D—it began with
d—

  D’vahnyan.

  He leaned motionless against a rock
for a long time, doing nothing. Once
his lip drew back in a fading snarl of
defiance. But then he moved, took an un-
steady forward step, and then another,
back along the way he had come. It was
the way he had come all his life, toward
this Mountain and this upward path.

  Burning with light and color, the jewels
dropped from hi9 pockets one by one a9
he climbed, marking the stumbling sta-
tions of his return to the Mountain and
the pool and the thing that waited for him.
sidewinders from

► SIRIUS <

by Fox B Holden

The treacherous aliens from Outer Space gave Earth six months
to surrender or be destroyed . T. but Vice-colonel Gaylord
Kraut, fearless ace of Terrestrial Intelligence, had a daring
plan: Why not surrender nous?

GAYLORD KRAM, VICE-
colonel of Intelligence, Terres-
trial Federal government, sat pon-
dering one of the worst poker hands he
had ever witnessed, and he had witnessed
a goodly number in his 38 years, when he
should have been sweating blood over his
tottering government’s most perplexing
problem: what to do about the colonists
from Sirius and their G-ray.

  But what could even a Kram do with
two deuces, the joker, a five and an eight-
spot, all of different suits?

  The other three Intelligence officers who
were taking a little badly-needed recrea-
tion the “old fashioned” way weren’t too
surprised when Kram raised a thousand
credits. There was no sense in trying to
analyze Kram’s poker, any more than
there was any sense in trying to analyze
Kram. He usually won. Always a diff-
erent technique, but he usually won any-
way.

  Major Ignacius Luverduk, Kram’s
somewhat useful assistant, knew this and
folded his lowly hand which consisted
of nothing more than dogs-over.

  While he was waiting for the colonel
across from him to up-ship or get off the
runway, Kram fell to thinking.

  Xenthl had pulled a dirty one. Forty

28

years ago, the people of Iaaro, system
of Sirius, under the too-able leadership
of Xenthl, had finally made their pres-
ence known on Earth. For three cen-
turies, they had examined Earth from
afar to assure themselves that it would
make a suitable landing spot. For awhile,
during the mid-twentieth century, they
had scared the pants off some people and
incurred the ridicule of some others less
imaginative with their disc-shaped space
and aircraft, but that couldn’t have been
helped. One had to trace a culture, a
civilization, for a long time before one
could analyze its true character-traits,
abilities, potentialities. Especially when
one’s forces were few in number, and
there were nearly two billion of the other
fellow.

  But the people of Iaaro had finally
landed, back in 2010, satisfied that Earth
with its faults was better than more light-
years of space with its uncertainties and
hardships. And Xenthl had been very nice
about the whole thing.

THE COLONEL decided to up-ship.
He was new. He pushed a moun-
tain of white chips forward. “I’ll stay,”
he said, with a tremulous sort of confi-
dence. The lieutenant to his right folded,
i

29
30

PLANET

STORIES

and being the dealer, gave Kram.the two
cards he asked for. The joker, Kram
had decided, ought to be kept this once
for a kicker.

  “I’ll play these,” the colonel said in
what he intended to be a convincing tone.

  “Check blind to the pat,” Kram heard
himself saying.

 “Umm. Five thousand should be
enough.”

  Kram edged his hand open, and now
it was his turn to up-ship or. The two
twos and the joker had been somewhat
disgustingly joined by a six and a seven.

  Yes, Xenthl had been very nice about
it all, but then, in his. position with only
a few thousand followers, how else could
he have been? Conquest and occupation,
even with superior weapons, would at
any time have been unthinkable; force
of numbers alone would have told as
long as Earthmen had cannon and air-
craft. And mass-murder of Earth’s peo-
ple prior to the planet's methodical exami-
nation would have left an immense,
empty planet with only a few thousand
of the newcomers to work it.

  Xenthl had wanted not only a planet,
but slaves to work it as well.

  So he couldn’t kill ’em off, reasoned
Kram in the back of his mind for the
millionth time. The thing was to use
strategy, not arms, and Xenthl could
have his cake and eat it.

  Which, in six months’ time, unless some-
body, probably himself, figured out a way
to stop him, he would have.

  “Hmm,” grunted Kram, knitting his
sleek brows in final appraisal of his hand.
“Your five and my-y-y—seven-fifty.”
Smoothly he pushed a pile of whites into
the center of the polished Marswood ta-
ble—not too quickly, and not too hesi-
tantly. Timed just right. Just the way
Xenthl had timed things.

  A firm toe-hold on Earth. That was
first . . . the promise that, if allowed to
colonize all the deserts of the planet, his
people would within a few years’ time
make garden spots of them through their
vastly developed science of hydroponics.
They had come, they explained, seeking
refuge from their own drying planet of
Iaaro—they were all that were left. All

they wanted was a home, and they would,
in turn, give to the men of Earth the
advantages of their advanced learning.
And see? No weapons!

  And that was true. They had disman-
tled every defensive weapon they had car-
ried in the disc-shaped spacecraft; had
turned the parts and blueprints over to
earth scientists for study.

  And they had turned the deserts of the
planet into garden spots, save for a few
patches left barren for laboratory con-
struction.

  And they had improved the lot of Earth-
men in countless ways—philosophically,
goveramentally, politically, educationally,
religiously, scientifically, technically, and
so on.

  Nice kids. Until they had sprung the
G-ray and shown their true colors, and
by that time it was a little too late,
even for the men of Earth to cuss them-
selves out for having been the most gul-
lible jays in the Universe, fourth dimen-
sion included. While telecrooners were
dripping songs about the delirious gal
from Sirius and housewives were listen-
ing to the adventures of the young widow
from Iaaro, Xenthl was quietly setting
about to take over the planet.

  And, he was doing that, too.

  “You,” said the colonel as he got off
the airstrip, "win.”

KRAM raked in his loot. There was
some deliberation concerning the con-
tinuation of the game. Idly, Kram counted
the credits he had bluffed the colonel out
of. Or, which he more than suspected,
he had counter-bluffed the colonel out of.

  The G-ray, Xenthl had explained to
the men of Earth when he announced to
them. that they would be given one year
in which to reorganize their governments
in conformation with his dictates and in
subservience to his rule and under the
sovereignty of himself and his people, op-
erated on the practical principles of a
theory once promulgated, but never put
to work before his death, by an Earth
scientist of the 20th century. The earth-
man had called it a “general theory of
gravitation.” The Sirians had their own
name for it, and when applied in weapon
SIDEWINDERS

FROM SIRIUS

31

form, the result was the G-ray—a wea-
pon capable of completely nullifying the
forces of gravitational cohesion within any
and all molecular structures. Result ? Com-
plete and instantaneous disintegration of
any material object, solid, gaseous or li-
quid, at which it was aimed. Within its
scope, the forces of what Xenthl termed
“molecular gravity” fell completely to
zero. Nothing exploded. It just stopped
being, all at once.

  There had been demonstrations. Three
demonstrations, and the world was more
than convinced.

  Xenthl had demonstrated his weapon
on three of his own no-longer-needed
laboratories. Situated in their sterile pat-
ches of blistering desert, they had each
covered areas about the size of three
large earth cities. With the complete op-
eration telecast to all the world, and with
earth scientists watching at respectful dis-
tances in observation posts in one of which
Xenthl himself had been present, the Sir-
ian dictator had given the commands for
his G-batteries to fire. They fired at
ranges twice those of Earth’s best
atomic cannon.

  The lab-cities, each hit with- a single
blast, vanished one, two, three.

  The places where the labs had been
were minutely examined by Earth’s men
of science for weeks afterward.

  Not a trace. Of anything. Just sand.
The sand, Xenthl explained, was kept
as much below the ray-field as possible
—digging holes for miles into the planet
wasn’t, after all, necessary, and it would’ve
wasted power . . .

  Where there may have been signs of
disbelief, Xenthl had only to infer that,
really, did the credulous ones of Earth
suppose that the Lords of Iaaro had dis-
closed all their great secrets of science
when they had landed? Would they have
divulged the very secret of their pro-
posed conquest?

  The brave man with the club facing
an enemy with an atomic rifle knows he
is licked. At such a point, Kram reflected,
heroism would be a little silly; hysterical
anger would be useless.

  “Xenthl and his crowd,” mused Vice-
colonel Gaylord Kram to himself as he

stretched the zipper on his bulging hip-
pocket, “are a bunch of sidewinders!”
“The game, in which you have been
the only victor, is over,” said Luverduk
at his elbow, “and in your last statement,
you are as usual, correct. But wait until
the Old Man learns how much time we
killed diddling instead of using the elec-
tro-relaxers!”

  “Jupiter damn’ the ’laxers—You do
not seem to have perceived, Luverduk,
that I have a theory!”

THE OTHER’S globular countenance
reflected no particular surprise at this
quiet thunder, for to Luverduck, theories
by Kram were things to be taken regularly
for granted; monstrous theories which,
oddly enough, were without exception cor-
rect in every detail when put into actual
practice, as Kram himself, of course,
would never fail to make perfectly clear
in the first place. That Kram was an
Intelligence expert with a brilliant back-
ground in weapon design was the fact,
however, in which the Terrestrial gov-
ernment was at present narrow-mindedly
interested.

  And it was the fact that had led to
the dumping of the Sirian G-ray prob-
lem right in his lap.

  Unearthing the G-ray secret was Kram’s
assigned mission; that made it Ignacius
Luverduk’s, as well. “You have a theory.
Should I take that Siriusly? Ha!”

  Kram only quickened the strides of
his long, gaunt legs as they headed for
his office. There was not even the quiver
of one long black eyebrow to denote his
having heard Luverduk’s effort.

  “For a ballistics and weapon-design ex-
pert,” the wheezing Major observed, “you,
Kram, are at least a devilish poker player.
You were bluffing on that last hand. Ly-
ing in your teeth! Psychologically speak-
ing, you were guilty of the worst sort of
misrepresentation.”

  “Foof. He was bluffing every bit as
bad as I was. Worse. Probably didn’t
even have a pair."

  “You could tell?” Luverduk’s round
blue eyes became excited, for his own
brand of poker left something to be de-
sired in the way of winning money.
32	PLANET STORIES

  “When the time comes,” Kram said,
“that I fail to perceive a bluff, and fail
then to call it, I will start a mink ranch
on Pluto.”

  No reply. Luverduk had heard that
Pluto was a sterile planet, and was a
little puzzled. The two strode into Kram’s
office, which was empty of staffers. It
was ’laxer time. Kram started doing 'the
talking:

  “You, Ignacius, will deliver a message
for me to Sectors-General Hoskins, in
person.” Kram was writing things on a
memo pad, the blanks of which were
stamped CONFIDENTIAL at their tops
in big red letters. “It says, Iggy, that
President Thurston is to be informed
that I have unequivocally failed to glean
any information concerning the Sirian
secret weapon, and in trying further to
do so, would seriously imperil whatever
chances Earth may have left to escape
total destruction. I, Kram, have somehow
failed! The message points out in addi-
tion that I’ve lost seventy-three percent
of my secret operatives already, and it
explains that with each additional one
captured, Xenthl’s temper is shortening
to the breaking point. Being slightly par-
anoiac, he hates to be crossed. He’s one
of those egotistical bastards, you know ..
“Oh, but you can’t—”

  “Shuddup. It also advises that the Ter-
restrial government open truce negotia-
tions for the consideration of terms.”
“You mean you’re telling Hoskins and
Thurston that we should wave the white
flag?” Luverduk paled to the color of
old paste.

  “You deliver it. And—” Kram kept
writing, “there’s a P.S.. It says that I
personally—that we personally—plan to
request audience with Xenthl, to open
aforementioned truce negotiations. To-
day!”

  “You,” quavered the Major scarcely
above a whisper, “have cracked up!”

  “We will take off for Xenthl’s Moon-
side headquarters at precisely 1600 hours,
radiating a truce signal. And you will
now deliver this message.” He thrust the
memo into Luverduk’s wringing hands.
“A;nd you will return here in exactly 30
minutes. That’s an order!”

  “Oh, Gaylord!” breathed Luverduk
asthmatically. “Oh, oh, oh . . The
length of the corridor down which he
waddled swallowed up the gibberish that
whispered in his wake.

THIRTY 'MINUTES to the second
later, just as Kram was putting the
finishing touches on the thing which he
had estimated would take him precisely
30 minutes to rig, Luverduk returned.

  “Gaylord!”

  “I have something to show you, Ma-
jor Luverduk. Come here.” Kram ges-
tured toward the outside door of the large
office which led through a space-cruiser
hangar and out to the experimental de-
tonation range where new weapons re-
ceived their first tests in the half-scale
stage.

  “Show me! Good Lord, Gaylord! Hos-
kins read it right there in front of me!
He said for you to get to his headquarters
as fast as you can double-time it! Sore!
It was more or less nice knowing you,
Lance-corporal Kram!”

  “I knew he’d be a little silly about it
at first.”

  “He said if you’re not in his office in
15 minutes, he’s coming to yours with
his whole damned guard!”

  “Might, come to think of it. Come here,
Luverduk.”

 “But—”

  “See this?” Kram held a shiny new
needle-ray pistol in his hand. It was
strictly an anti-personnel weapon, and
good only for close-in combat. A hand
weapon of limited powers, and nothing
more.

  “I see it. But as one skeleton in the
museum told the other, if we had any
guts we’d get out of here . .

  “Follow me.”

  Since it sounded like an order, Luver-
duk obeyed it. Kram was not a lance-
corporal yet. Luverduk followed his su-
perior to one of the firing ranges for
atomic cannon. Kram pointed to a dis-
mantled space-cruiser hull, used regularly
by cannoneer cadets for target practice.
Its molybdenum hide was scarred with
many accurately-directed blasts. It was
SIDEWINDERS

nearly a quarter-mile from where Kram
stood.

  “Watch,” he said. Luverduk sensed an
order in that word also.

  Kram pointed the pistol, potent up to
50 yards. Slowly, his long right arm came
up. The streamlined weapon glinted* in the
afternoon sunlight. Carefully, Kram aimed
—aimed impossibly—at the distant cruiser
hull! Then his finger constricted on the
trigger. Hiss it went.

  And the hull was blasted to atoms! „
“You—” That was all Luverduk could
utter. He gaped, pudgy mouth hanging
open, first at the pistol, then at the ris-
ing column of white smoke where the
scarred hull had been. He knew at the
same time that had it not been for the
shock-wave absorbers covering the range
with their radiations, he would at pre-
sent be flat on his face, or its reasonable
facsimile.

  '“I,” Kram said, “am a weapons ex-
pert as well as an Intelligence officer.
You know that. Correct?”

  “Gurgle.”

  “Confronted with the facts, Luverduk,
which you yourself have just witnessed,
what would you say?”

  “That pistol is better than the—the
G-ray! You—”

  “I have. Xenthl’s skin, I expect, should
crawl. Agreed?”

  Luverduk nodded slowly.

  “Good. Because we are now going to
see him. A ship is parked in the hangar.”
“Not about that truce business—” Lu-
verduk’s voice rose in horror.

  “Precisely.”

  “Hoskins?” Luverduk’s voice was a
challenge to all soprano mice.

  “Umm,” Kram said. Luverduk fol-
lowed him.

*	* *

  From Kars, Commander, Sector Pa-
trol III: For Kuid, Patrol Coordinator.
Urgent. Subject: enemy flight. At 16:12,
western hemisphere Earth time, single
ship seen to be directed Moonside, no
armament, but beyond restrictive boun-
dary. Following, three smaller craft, like-
wise unarmed, towing six apparently un-
manned cruisers of obsolete design. Sin-

3—Planet Stories—November

FROM SIRIUS	33

gle craft continues Moonside. Towing
craft leave unmanned cruisers adrift after
deceleration approximately 1,500 miles
outside boundary. Speed of abandoned
ships, less than 300 miles per hour.
Adrift in loose line formation. Single
ship, now radiating truce signal, con-
tinues course. Am holding fire pending
your advisory.

  From Kuul, Patrol Coordinator, Sirian
Expeditionary Forces: For Kars, Com-
mander, Sector Patrol III. Subject: com-
munication 18Z. Continue holding fire
pending my command.

  From Kars, Commander, Sector Pa-
trol III: For Kuul, P. C. Subject: armed
enemy cruisers. Enemy fleet of military
destroyer-units hovering in formation at
edge of restrivtive boundary. Armed, but
have not fired into restrictive zone. Appear
to be in command of General Flagship. No
communications intercepted, no actual viola-
tion as yet of restrictive boundary. Twen-
ty-one craft counted. Requesting further
advice, to avert any possible breach of
strategic diplomacy.

  From Kuul, P. C., SEF: For Kars,
Cmmdr., Sector Patrol III. Subject: com-
munication 18Z1. Stand by. Deliberate
disregard of ultimatum stipulations on
our part would tend to lessen prestige
and introduce possibility of unsatisfac-
tory psychological reactions. It is to be
remembered that Terrestrials are highly
unpredictable when abruptly angered.
Alert your command this headquarters.

*	* *

  “What did they say?” Kram asked.
The Moon leered at him through the
thick quartz conning-port like a pitted,
rotted rubber ball that had once been
painted with a diluted silver gilt.

  Luverduk still shook, but not as much.
“About those skeletons—”

  “You’ll be one if you don’t cut your
jets. What was their reply?”

  “Xenthl will give us an audience upon
our landing, but we have been emphati-
cally warned that the slightest move we
make which may be interpreted as a
34

PLANET

STORIES

breach of truce will be our last. And
they added that any move made by any-
body else in the neighborhood which may
be so interpreted will be their last,
too . . .”

  “Told you things would: work out.”
“Work out? We’re only-flying a white
flag with no authorization from anybody.
We’ve only gone AWOL. Apd Hoskins
is gunning right behind. We often leave
without saying good-bye—”

  “Parts of that statement are inaccu-
rate. Hoskins is waiting at the boundary,
not daring to fire into the Sirian zone—
not gunning right behind. And he knows
that one ship-length of an armed cruiser
over the boundary will mean the G-ray
for the whole shooting-match. He also
knows we’ll cofne back, so is just stand-
ing by until we do. However, to some-
thing of far more importance. Did you
bring the blast-rifle?”

  “I d'd- I assume it is like the pistol,
only more so.”

  “It certainly is supposed to be.”
“Your answer is only more or less
perfect. I say again, is the rifle like a
super G-ray?”

  “No.”

  “Like a super atomic cannon, then.”
“No. The rifle, as well as the pistol I
showed you, are, to put it vulgarly, fakes.
They wouldn’t squirt water.”

  “I asked you a straight question, you
should therefore give me at least the sem-
blance of a straight answer. Come again.”
“You heard me. Fakes.”

  “You mean they will not work? It will
not work ?”

  Silence.

  “Good Lord, you mean we’re actually
going to see Xenthl with truce in our
white little hearts and not blow his head-
quarters to pieces? This is a real, honest-
to-God truce mission?”

  “In a manner of speaking, sort of.”
“Then the explosion of the space
gruiser hull . . .?”

  “Was faked.”

  “You tricked me!”

  “I did. But you believed me until I
told you.”

  Luverduk was starting to hop up and
down, although his feet never quite left

the deck. “I will admit that, but only
because it’s true!”

  “It’s true, all right. In addition to be-
ing'an Intelligence and weapons expert,
I am likewise rather clever in the field
of psychology. Your foreknowledge of my
expertness with weapon design had you
half-convinced I could do something fan-
tastic before you even saw me apparently
do it. And when you saw it in what
looked like actuality, it was all you
needed.”

  “But we are surrendering anyhow! You
are a mad .fellow—”

  “Let us not, Luverduk, confuse the
term ‘truce’ with ‘surrender.’ What I
told Hoskins and what I am actually do-
ing are horses, one might say, of variable
hues ...”

  “You see a way out of this, Kram?”
“Prepare to man the decelerators at
3.8 G on my signal.”

  As the roar of the forward jets cut
in and Kram’s vision grew momentarily
blurred, the suspicion grew in his mind
that Luverduk was mumbling something
about northbound horses . . .

THE MILITARY headquarters of
Xenthl, Commander-In-Chief of the
Sirian Expeditionary Forces and Grand
Protector of the Universe were, as Kram
would have put it, somewhat stupendous.
Simplicity was the keynote of its other-
wordly architecture; the huge hemisphere
of eerily glimmering alloy was first viewed
by Luverduk with anything but a narrow-
eyed, analytical gaze. And its interior, al-
though not resplendent in the sense o£
the courts of ancient kings, was a breath-
stopping spectacle of geometry as could
only have been conceived by minds of
Other Space, The involutions of its eye-
defying curves were as gracefully simple
as they were dimensionally complex; the
very straightness of the corridor down
which the procession of heavily armed
guards and the men from earth pro-
ceeded was a masterpiece of structural
design in itself.

  Xenthl’s sanctum sanctorum was an
even greater achievement in the architec-
turally impossible. Kram made a mental
note to make a requisition for a replas-
SIDEWINDERS

FROM SIRIUS

35

tering job in his own office immediately
upon his return to Earth.

  Luverduk was impressed, but more
with Xenthl’s bearded, rotund, pink-
skinned majesty than with his surround-
ings.

   “Without the beaver, he’d look just like
me, Kram!”

  “So he would, Major!”

  The seated Xenthl signalled his guards
to halt, and the envoys of truce to step
forward. His oversized cranium, typical
of his race, seemed to nod gently from
its own weight.

  “You come,” he mouthed the Terres-
trian language awkwardly, “as couriers of
surrender ?”

  “You are crazier than Luverduk, here,
if you think so!” Kram casually folded
his arms. “As a personal represen-
tative of his Most Excellent Sovereign
Worthiness, the Guardian of all Univer-
ses in Space and Time, the President of
Terra, and also the Bronx, I appear be-
fore you to recognize and return the
civility displayed by your forces in not
attacking an Earth ship radiating a signal
of truce. In short, I am here to offer
you your life, and the lives of your peo-
ple, with the alternative of instantaneous
annihilation.”

  “I am amused,” purred Xenthl. “But
at your expense. For this impertinence,
your government shall be given but one
month more, instead of six months more,
to prepare itself for my rule. And in
addition, from this moment forward, it
will be under the direct surveillance of
my own armed forces. I have, it would
seem, grossly overestimated the intelli-
gence of you Earthmen. It had been my
thought that, as you say, you knew what
was good for you. I have erred.”
“That,” said Kram, allowing the flicker
of a self-indulgent grin to play at the
corners of his long mouth, “is some-
thing of an understatement, Mr. Xenthl.
And to prove what I say—and a man of
your intellect would require proof of any
statement—I ask that the only armament
aboard the ship in which I came, a blast-
rifle, be brought here, to be fired- as I
direct by one of your own marksmen. By
directing his aim telescopically, he should

have no trouble in sighting on the aban-
doned cruiser hulls which I have had
towed into position for target pur-
poses . .

  Xenthl’s mouth worked. “This is a
trick of some sort,” he said icily. “At the
very least, a gross misuse of the pur-
poses of truce.”

  “I offer you your lives,” Kram said
almost nonchalantly.

  “As a man of my intellect—” Xenthl
declared after a breath-take of hesitation,
“I require whatever attempt at proof you
may have for your childish statements.
Guard!”

WITHIN MOMENTS, the rifle was
in the hands of one of Xenthl’s
marksmen, and, sighting with a head-
quarters electrono-telescope, the soldier
from Sirius drew a bead on the drifting
cruiser hulls, and pressed the curved trig-
ger at Xenthl’s order.

  In a visiplate, Xenthl himself wit-
nessed an incredible white flash as first
one of the space-cruiser hulls was blown
to atoms, and then in rapid succession,
the second, third, fourth, and fifth.

  “You will observe,” Kram said, “that
only one hull was hit. But all were de-
stroyed. A little chain-reaction gadget I
developed last week—” A gasp at Kram’s
elbow; but Kram had not finished—“You
have observed also,” he continued matter-
of-factly, “that with one blast of only
a rifle, to say nothing of the cannon I
have also developed, a myriad of targets
may at once be destroyed. Your G-ray,”
Kram adopted a tone dripping with re-
spect, “is capable, after all, of destroying
but one target at a time.”

  Xenthl’s features had lost their healthy
pink tinge. “You have mastered,” he said,
“a practical application of the chain-
reaction principle. It is impossible, but I
have seen you do it with my own eyes.”
“That was the object in my having
come,” Kram said in his most courteous
tone. “And it is the proof which I knew
your excellency would demand. In addi-
tion to which, I might inform you that
I am Gaylord Kram!”

  Silence. Then:

  “This is indeed a matter for some con-
I*

PLANET STORIES

36

sideration,” Xenthl said.

  And even the mask-like face of the
arrogant Sirian was not able to disguise
the look of utter incredulity which was
shadowed beneath its still-white-tiriged
surface.	\

=s= * *

  “Kram, you’ll hang for this!”

  Gaylord Kram stood at rigid attention
before Sectors-General Hoskins on the
flight-deck of the General Flagship. He
had drawn his own craft alongside and
boarded with Major Luverduk at the Gen-
eral’s command, and under the ugly snouts
of the General’s artillery.

  “I trust,” he said, “that you will accept
my apology for having issued you a false
communication. But I theorized that only
in anger would I be followed so promptly
and with such a show of strength. Only the
thought of surrender could make you
angry, sir!”

  “You impudent puppy! You—” Hoskins
was livid. He did not shake. He vibrated.

  “It was necessary, sir. I was bluffing,
but I needed at least the appearance of
armed might to give credence to my strat-
egy. I readily admit having rescued our
planet by means of what may unappreci-
atively be termed trickery. As I tricked
Luverduk, here, by simply using a mined
target on the-detonation range, so I also
attempted to trick Xenthl with five un-
manned space-cruisers, loaded to the seams
with atomic detonators timed to produce
the effect of chain-reaction and set off
by remote control. There was a miniature
radar transmitter of my own design within
the blast-rifle which I had Xenthl’s marks-
man use. Quite simple, really.”

  “Simple is hardly the word!” Hoskins
thundered. “With the Sirian G-ray staring
us in the face, you- try your hand at strat-
egy! I hope there is time to hang you
before Earth is blown to Kingdom Come!”
“Never fear, sir! Xenthl had merely
used an innovation of the Q-type light-
bender to produce a mirage at the desert
location of his supposed ‘abandoned labor-
atories.’ First the buildings were ‘seen,’
then, at the instant his weapon was sup-
posedly ‘fired,’they were not. A mirage had
been turned on and off at will. That was
all! Putting it simply, sir—I theorized
that the G-ray was, in the first place, no
more than a colossal bluff itself!”

  “Theorized, the man says!” The Gen-
eral’s complexion blended nicely with his
lavender tunic. “To him, politics is five-
card stud! To him—”

  The tirade was interrupted by a wide-
eyed orderly who bore a signal-technician’s
insignia on his sleeve. “Sir! Sirian ships
are leaving the Moon, driving- hard past
Pluto! By the minute, sir, larger and larger
flights are going up-ship for Deep Space!
And at full drive! Sir!”

  “Of course,” murmured Kram. “I gave
them twenty-four hours to clear out!”
Deftly mounting a portable G-gun which
he had confiscated from Xenthl’s personal
arsenal, Kram pointed it directly at his
own ship, drifting under robot control a
few miles to the Flagship’s starboard.

  “They cleared out,” he declared quietly,
“because Gaylord Kram had called their
bluff, gentlemen!” and triumphantly
punched a firing-button.

  A soft hiss, and Kram’s cruiser was
blown to smithereens!
cargo to Callisto

By JAY B.
DREXEL

Four Aarnian criminals —— vi-
cious and deadly—fled silently
into the Martian night; and
grimly the Patrol threw out an
airtight dragnet. Nothing hu-
man could have escaped . . . but
what’s human about an Aarnian?

They screamed, in a dissonance
of agony and fear and death . . .

SARAH EMERGED FROM THE
surface of the Great Canal as sleek
and brown as a seal. Laughing and
sputtering, she jerked her head once over
each round shoulder, parting her soaked
hair and revealing her face.

  “Try that once again!” she flung at
Joe.
38

PLANET

STORIES

  Joe Caradac ducked her again, and Kent
shouted something from the bank that
wasn’t quite audible over the squeals and
splashes.

  “What?” Joe held his wife’s head firmly
between his knees. “What’d you say,
Kent?”

  His Senior Intendant’s grin widened as
he cupped his hands over it to shout again:
“I said—you’ll drown the poor thing!”
Joe grunted as Sarah cold-bloodedly lo-
cated a nerve-center in his thigh and bit
it. “Not this thing—” he released her
and she bobbed up swearing in sand-coast
Martian— “they had to rope it out of a
canal to teach it to walk!”

  He narrowed his grey eyes humorously
and poised for the attack, but Sarah had
conceded and was swimming toward the
bank. The setting sun struck a series of
glowing V’s in her wake. Joe rubbed his
tingling leg and followed. They reached
the gfeen slope at the same time and big
Kent handed them up with ease.

  “Ray’s watching the franks,” he said,
“and I’ve been watching Ray and I think
we’d better get up there or he won’t be
able to hold off much longer. His inner
man is showing through.”

THE PIANIST’S dark, saturnine face
peered at them over the fire as they
came up and he rose, wiping his hands
carelessly on his sport tunic. He had evi-
dently gone into the canal-skimmer and
changed out of his bathing suit.

  “How do,” he greeted dourly; “the
damned thing itched so I took it off.”

  Joe gave himself a last swipe with the
towel and tossed it through the open
hatch of the skimmer. Sarah carried her
towel into the boat and came out presently
in a suede skirt and bolero, looking rubbed
down and delectable. Joe's wife was half
Martian, and it showed in her long, slender
eyebrows and delicately cleft nose and
chin. She looked worriedly at the three
men busy with the frankfurters.

  “There’s something on the telaudio,” she
said. “Come in and listen.”

  “What is it?” Joe asked.

  “Something about somebody escaping
from Mars Detain.”

  Ray’s humming stopped. He’d been

practicing wrist octaves on a flat rock
and his long hand hung motionless for
a moment as if he were reaching for
something. Kent set his frank across the
top of his coffee cup—he was always
careful about everything—and stood up.

  Joe looked at his wife, looked at her
eyes. They were frightened.

  “That’s pretty near here, isn’t it?”
Sarah said. She moved back to let the
three men into the boat. They grouped
around the telaudio.

  “I don’t think there’s anything to worry
about,” Kent said slowly. “They’re bound
to catch the men—”

  “They aren’t men.”

  The four listened.

  “—ruthless Aarnians. This warning
cannot be taken too seriously. Detain is
doing everything in its power to recap-
ture the four criminals but, as is known,
the Aarnian psyche is able to leave its
body at will and inhabit the body of
another entity, subjugating the mind of
its hos-t and contro—”

  “My God,” Ray whispered, “I’ve heard
of those devils!”

  “—in all likelihood will seek to escape
from Mars. To prevent this, all persons
now holding tickets for interworld travel
must submit to being psycho-screened be-
fore entering liners. No more tickets will
be sold—”

  Sarah's eyes were wide and round.
“They’d have to leave their bodies behind
—here on Mars!”

  Big Kent—because he was one of the
Caradacs’ oldest friends and could do
such things — put his arm around her
shoulders and squeezed. She was shiver-
ing.

  “—tenant Smith of Detain informs us
that the Aarnians are unable to pronounce
certain consonantal dipthongs—such asjee
and jay—even if occupying bodies that
can normally pronounce such sounds. This
is very important, as it may be an only
possible means of identification, for the
Aarnians will undoubtedly seek new*
bod—”

  Sarah switched off the telaudio, her
brown face Openly sick. She bit her lip
and looked at each of the three men
surrounding her.
CARGO TO CALLISTO

39

  “That gives me the shivers,” she said.
“Let’s go home.”

  After that they didn’t talk much. Under
the red twilight, they packed up the pots
and pans, leaving the unwanted food for
the night-crawling noils. They spent a lot
of time looking over their shoulders as
they did this, although each tried to con-
ceal it from the others. At last the skim-
mer moved silently away from the bank
and pointed its nose at the distant haze
that was Ofei, By the Great Canal.

AT PRECISELY seven o’clock the
telaudio on the headlx>ard of Joe’s
bed turned itself on. Sounds pricked the
balloon of his disturbed slumber, tugged
his mind out to wakefulness. He rolled
over and sat up, listening, rubbing his
lanky legs.

  Instead of the usual symphonic music,
he heard an urgent voice, obviously ad-
libbing :

  “—be very, very careful. The criminals

—the Aarnums—have still not been found.
All residents of Ofei and vicinity are
warned—this warning cannot be overem-
phasized—”

  Joe reached out and clicked on the
screen. The announcer’s tunic was wrin-
kled, his sash was awry. He looked as if
he’d been up all night.

  “—are advised to stay within the city
limi—”

  Joe snapped off the telaudio and glanced
over at Sarah’s bed. She was snoring deli-
cately, one smooth arm pillowing her
mass of blue-black hair. Better that she
doesn’t hear any more about that busi-
ness, he decided firmly.

  Joe liked the simple life. No servants,
no flunkies, although he could have af-
forded a dozen. Five sunshiny rooms on

the Great Canal, with a nice view of
Mars Memorial Park on the bank oppo-
site. He robed himself against the early
morning chill and headed for the kitchen.
His head ached faintly and, to judge by
what little he could remember of it, he’d
had a dilly of a nightmare. Something
about . . . being chased, or something?
Or smothered by a . . .

  Even as he stopped in his tracks to try
to pin it down, the memory broke, dis-
solved as if in flight. Frowning, he pushed
through the kitchen door and crossed to
the deep-freeze, slid it open and rum-
maged in it.

  The nightmare wasn’t important surely,
but he mulled it over with interest as he
prepared breakfast, for Joe, being rather
well adjusted, dreamed rarely, and then
mostly about Iowa, back on Earth . . .
a long-ago picture of a twelve-year-old
boy, his first day in college; the boy sit-
ting under his shining Projector, surroun-
ded by a group of thunderstruck Psychol-
ogists; the quick death of their initial
skepticism, and in its place a growing
wonder as it became evident that, although
a History spool was whirling in the scan-
ner and the thought-helmet functioning to
perfection, the boy’s mind was receiving
neither spoken text nor images . . .

  “You don’t feel anything?” a Psycholo-
gist asked skeptically.

  Joe closed his eyes. There was a low,
unmusical humming in his ears and that
was all. He tried to shake his head and
couldn’t, so he said: “No, I don’t.”

 “When was the World Federation
formed ?”

  “I don’t know.”

  “Are you lying?”

  “No.”

  One of the other Psychologists standing
40	PLANET STORIES

nearby looked up from the little box he
held in his hand and said that Joe wasn’t
lying.

  The first Psychologist raised his eye-
brows. “We’ll try another Projector.”
While Technicians dismantled Joe’s
Projector and examined it for shorts or
haywire, the Psychologists had Joe sit down
under all the other Projectors in lstY-
Cubicle 149. Then they tried 148 and 150.

  “It’s some kind of block,” the first
Psychologist said finally, looking profound
to cover up his tizzy. “There’s some kind
of barrier in his mind.”

  Joe Caradac clenched his fists. “That’s
not true—I want to learn!”

  “Then you probably will, boy—” the
Psychologist sat down to fill in some forms
—“but you’ll have to go back three hun-
dred years to do it. You’ll have to leara
front books!”

  There the dream would simply end, for
no fantasy pf wish-fulfillment could have
exceeded in satisfaction Joe’s actual con-
quest of this problem. At eighteen he wore
thick glasses—he preferred them to con-
tacts or artificial irises. At twenty he took
tests contrived especially for him by the
members of Central Education assigned
to his case. He was awarded equivalence
degrees in Business Administration, Meta-
tomics and Interplanetary Law. His
marks were the highest of the year and
Joe Caradac’s name was briefly in the
newsphones.

  He started with the New Chicago offi-
ces of Mars Imports and Exports as a
mercury. After six weeks of flying back
and forth with memos he traded his anti-
gravs for a desk.

  And on June 32, 2401, the newly ap-
pointed Regional Buyer for M. I. and E.
got married and was flown to Mars by
a chartered spacer to take command of
the regional office at Ofei, By the Great
Canal . . .

HE was putting the finishing touches
on breakfast when he heard a groan
and the sound of a stretch from the bed-
room. When he turned around, Sarah
was standing in the doorway.

  Joe’s sandy eyebrows went up. His wife
was certainly not a modest woman, but

considering even that, this morning was
an agreeable surprise. Her eyes were
still dull — he guessed that she’d wor-
ried about those whatyoucallits after go-
ing to bed — but she was smiling broadly.
Joe began to have visions of missing work
for half a day. He smiled back at her and
she laughed a little.

  “Holm, TJarnl!” she said.

  Joe was thrusting halved oranges into
the juicer. He turned off the machine and
grinned.

  “You’ll have to talk plainer than that,
little monkey,” he said. He held out a
glass of juice. “Drink this—it’ll wake
you—up—” The last word faded into an
astonished silence.

  Then Joe said, “Hey—come back!” He
set down the glass and went into the
bedroom.

  She was lying on her bed, her face
hidden. Joe dropped onto the edge of the
bed and put a tentative hand on her back.

  “Hey now,” he said softly, “if that’s
the way you feel about it I’ll juice up
some grapefruit.” He moved his hand
down and spanked lightly. “Hein?”

  She didn’t look up. She had turned her
head and was looking at the corner of
the room by Joe’s bed.

  “I do not feel well. Go away.”

  Joe’s face was immediately concerned.
He bent over her, reached for a wrist.
“What’s the matter, Sarah? Can I get you
anything?” The wrist hung limply in his
hand.

  “No. Go away.”

  Joe straightened up and drew his eye-
brows together in thought. Sarah was
usually tearful and pretty much of a
leech when she wasn’t feeling well. Ex-
cessive commiserations and breakfast in
bed were the rule at such times.

  “Do you want me to get Doc Halprin?”

  The blue-black head shook from side
to side.

  “So what am I supposed to do, mon-
key? I hate to leave you this way.”

. “Go away.”

  “But can’t I—”

  “Go away, damn you!”

  Joe stood up abruptly. He clenched his
fists and looked at his wife’s still form
and gradually the anger dulled and left
CARGO TO

him. He had no right to be angry. Every-
body got tempermental once in a while.

  But this was the first time she had
ever cursed him.

  “O.K.” he said softly. “I’ll see you to-
night.”

THE REGIONAL OFFICES of Mars
Imports and Exports sat upon a
hill at the end—or the beginning—of Ila
Boulevard, depending upon which way you
were going. It was twenty-five-hundred
feet of silver and native marble, and
covered four city blocks, and Joe Caradac
was top man—literally—since his office
and personal staff took up the whole two-
hundred and fifty-first floor.

  His morning mail—about twelve let-
ters weeded out of the daily thousands
—was gotten out of the way with skill
and dispatch. Grinning, he propped his
feet on the low, curving window sill and
said: “Miss Kal—take an audiogram.”

  Miss Kal used two of her arms to ad-
just pad and stylus, looking up expec-
tantly. Her other arms were busy trans-
cribing a previously dictated letter into
Venusian—her native tongue, although
she spoke sixty-eight—and tugging at a
humidified legging that had somehow
worked down almost- to the floor.

  “My dearest, darling monkey—” Joe
began. Miss Kal looked up again in amaze-
ment. Joe grinned at her and said, “It’s
to my wife.”

  Miss Kal nodded wisely and began to
write.

  “—I am sending this from my dark
and dismal office,” Joe went on. It was
a habit they had when anything went
wrong at breakfast. Joe load first pro-
posed by audiogram.

  He casually watched a skimmer that was
in danger of creating a honey of a traffic
jam down below. Didn’t that schlemiel
know his left from his right?

  “—Where was I ? Oh, yes—my dark and
dismal office.” Joe scratched a cigarette
alight, blew a happy smoke ring. “I hope
that you are feeling much, much better
and that you will take luncheon with me
in the Pluto Room of the you-know-what
Hotel—” His mind went back to those
honeymoon days and he lost track of

CALLISTO	41

his dictation again. Another smoke ring,
a somewhat more thoughtful one.

  “You-know-what Hotel—” said Miss
Kal phlegmatically.

  “Yes—ah—just end it ‘at one fifteen
sharp, your everloving Joe.' ”

  There was a knock on the door and
Miss Kal set down her pad and stylus
and started to get up. Joe was on his
feet and around the desk in a second.

  “Stay right where you are,” he smiled;
“I need the exercise.”

  Miss Kal smiled also and settled back
into her specially built chair with its tem-
perature and humidity controls. A present
from Mr. Caradac. He was such a nice
being to work for.

  Joe opened the door, and said, “Oh,
hullo, Kent. Since when are you knock-
ing?”

  Big Kent nodded formally to Miss Kal
and winked at Joe. He said, “Yoe, there’s
something I’d like to talk over with you
in private.”

  With a sigh, Miss Kal rose again and
made her way through the other door
into her little office. The door closed be-
hind her.

  Kent let out a long breath. He smiled
at Joe and the smile turned into a laugh
that had an odd sound of triumph.

  “Hohn, Uaml” he said, and laughed
again. “Ut sinna d’yonlwar?”

  Joe sat down behind his desk and looked
at the big man. Hone you-amel. Wasn’t
that what Sarah had said—or something
very much like it? He shook his head.

  “You wanted to talk to me about some-
thing, Kent? What are you and Sarah
cooking up with this gibberish?”

  The brilliant Martian sunlight — not
as dim as had been anticipated in the
days before space travel—came through
the ceiling-high windows, struck little
lights here and there from the bouquet
of Venusian Glass-moss that Miss Kal
tended so carefully. It slanted across
Kent’s big face as he looked at Joe for
a long moment, giving his left eye a pale,
shallow lustre and throwing the shadow
of his jutting nose down over his mouth.
He opened and closed his hands, and said:
“Nothing. It’ll wait, I guess.” His gaze
wandered over the room and settled on
42

PLANET STORIES

a corner that was empty save for a throw
rug—a relic of Caradac’s Iowa past.
Kent’s mouth tightened into a thin line.
He stared at the corner.

  “It’ll wait—for a while,” he said stiffly
and opened the door and went into the
outer office. Bone-faced, he walked toward
the transveyor belt.

  “Mr. Kent—Mr. Kent!” The big man’s
Mercurian secretary rose out of a chair
near the door, his voice quacking from the
speaker set into his fishbowl helmet.

  “Yes?”

  “They tolt me that you hat gone to
Mr. Caratac’s office, sir. I’ve been trying
to finte you all morning, sir. A laty, sir,
on the visiphone. She has callt many times
—many times—”

  “Thank you,” Kent said tonelessly. “I
know who it is.”

JOE CARADAC stared in astonishment
at the door. First Sarah—now Kent.
This seemed to be the day for everybody
to blast in orbits . . . well, hell ... he
shrugged his shoulders and called Miss
Kal back out of her office. She dropped
into her chair with a sigh and they picked
up the day’s business from where it had
fallen.

  San-Vika of Saturn Enterprises was
threatening all kinds of things if he didn’t
receive his shipment of ato-rotors on the
very next flight. Joe didn’t waste much
time with that. One of the many things
that made him a top executive was that
he knew how to deal with phonies. He
told San-Vika—via spacephone—that he
could go stick his heads in a waste elimi-
nator and push the button, and that if he
wanted to get nasty, M. I. and E- had an
army of lawyers hanging around just
itching to get their teeth into last year’s
insurance double-deal.

  “We let everybody get away with it—
once!” Joe told him and cut the suddenly
fawning image off the screen. M. I. and
E.’s investigators, he thought absently,
could certainly give the Sol Secret Ser-
vice a run for their credits. Now that
he had tactfully gotten San-Vika straight-
ened out, he might as well release those
ato-rotors to be shipped.

  At twelve fifteen an audiogram came
from Sarah. I don’t feel well enough to
come. Love, S. Well, at least it was an
improvement in tone.

  At one o’clock, Miss Kal went into
her office to open the mysterious little
package of lunch that she brought with
her every day. Joe stretched out his
legs on the window sill and looked at
the traffic jam below. That driver had
really done a fine job. There were three
Patrol skimmers circling the mess, dart-
ing to and fro like angry wasps.

  He didn’t feel much like eating. Break-
fast and supper were his big meals—
the habit was a long-standing one. How-
ever, he thought, this morning’s break-
fast hadn’t been much to rave about.
Orange juice, some burned Pohl, some
undercooked sand-hoppers.

  He switched on the inter-office visiphone.

  “I would save you the trouble,” he
said, when Miss Kal’s face appeared, “but
they built this place so that all of my
inside calls have to be routed through
your selective tentacles.”

  “The usual, Mr. Caradac?”

  “The usual.”

  Joe was rather proud of the fact that
everything in his division of M. I. and E.
worked smoothly and efficiently—even the
kitchens. In a little less than forty sec-
onds a portion of his desk folded back
and the “usual” appeared on an elevator
tray. A pot of light coffee and some
doughnuts with powdered brown sugar.

  Joe dunked the solid portion of his
lunch and considered the morning’s pe-
culiar happenings. Apparently unrelated
incidents that were related in part always
intrigued him. There was usually a logical
reason for parallels. The trick, he thought,
was to concentrate not on the “coinci-
dences” themselves but to examine the
circumstances under which they occurred.

  Sarah’s illness—Kent’s queer behavior.
Not obviously connected. Separately neu-
rotic. Yet what was it Kent had said that
had reminded him of Sarah’s strange
greeting?

  Hone you-arnel?

  The two had played practical jokes on
him before. He grinned. This was prob-
ably one of their special five-day jobs,
CARGO TO

designed to make him into a shattered
wreck by Friday so Sarah could duck
him on Saturday and get by with it.

  Joe repeated the syllables aloud, try-
ing to make some sense out of them:

  “Hone you-arnel.”

INSTANTLY he was on his feet fight-
ing, his lips raving silently. His big
chair tipped back and fell over to the
floor.

  A furious, icily cold intrusion was be-
ing made upon his mind. He stood with
feet planted on either side of the over-
turned chair and threw the force off but
it came back again and again. The office
was suddenly oppressive and stifling, and
the objects about him were small and
crystal clear, as if seen through the wrong
end of a hand galaxiscope. The churning,
utterly loathsome invasion surged up like
a wave roaring against a reef—and fell
back end away in horrible desperation.

  From a million miles away he heard

—or felt—a voice. It said: “Uarnl—yes,
Uarnl!” and it said other things, raging
things, that Joe could not understand.

  Then it was gone. As suddenly as it
had come. The office regained its normal
perspective. The bright sunlight, reflected
now from the tall buildings across the
Great Canal, erased the ragged, black hole
out of his consciousness.

  Painfully he righted the chair and sank
into it. His lungs felt pressed in and
stale, like the inside of a folded blanket.
He took a deep breath, shoved his wet
palms hard at the top of the desk.

  Uarnl. The nightmare.

  It came back to him as dreams rarely
do: down to its last beastly detail. A
dream of fear and peril—a running dream
—and not a dream, after all. Uarnl. He
looked at the corner of the room, at the
colorful throw rug. It lay there under
the sun, brighter than it had been, as if
a pane of glass had been lifted from it.

  After a while he got up and went to
the door of Miss Kal’s office. She looked
up vaguely, concealing a small, resigned
lizard under her jacket.

  “Miss Kal,” Joe said blindly, “do you
have my morning papers?”

  He took the facsimiles back to his desk,

CALLISTO	43

walking slowly, afraid to get there and
sit down and open them. The nightmare;
the first aborted attempt. Sarah and Kent
—approaching him separately—yet simi-
larly. Allies. Each had been confident that
during the night Uarnl—had —

  There was nothing else on the front
sheets but the names Ih, Lof, Dir, and
Uarnl and the story of their possessors’
escape from Mars Detain. A power break-
down had weakened the energy barrier
that kept their elusive minds, and hence
their bodies, in confinement. By the time
armed rq^lacements could be sent to the
Aarnians’ isolated cell the beings had van-
ished. The guards had been strangled.
Energy barriers had been set up at all
space and canal ports. Other barriers had
been formed into a hundred mile noose
that was being carefully drawn in toward
Detain.

  Joe folded the last paper over the cruel
three-eyed faces that seemed to mock
him. He fumbled at the visiphone. Miss
Kal was wiping her lips cheerfully.

  “Miss Kal,” Joe said, "get me Mr.
Reader in Shipping.” He leaned his el-
bows wearily on the desk and waited until
Reader’s puritanical face appeared on the
screen.

  “Yeah, boss?”

  “Reader, has anyone consigned four
large crates to go off-world tomorrow
night ?”

  “Yeah,” Reader replied promptly; “Mr.
Kent. B-type mobile spacesuits. Had me
alter the manifest this mom—”

“Do you have the crates down there?”
“Uh-uh. Mr. Kent said he’d skim them
in sometime tomorrow. He was coming up
to get the switch O.K.’d by you. Why?
Anything wrong?”

  Joe opened the center drawer of his
desk.

  “No. Nothing’s wrong. Listen care-
fully, Reader. I’m going to take care of
those crates myself. If I’m—not in my
office tomorrow you are not to load them
on-ship! No matter what Mr. Ke—anyone
says or does! If the crates come in re-
frigerate them and call the Patrol and
send the name of the addressee to Detain
immediately!”

  Reader came as near as he ever had
44	PLANET

to looking surprised. Nothing wrong?
His right eyebrow shot up several milli-
meters. Joe added, “Keep this in your
cheek and there’ll be double credits for
you pay-day.”

  Reader nodded. “Yeah, boss. Don’t I
always ?”

  Joe took his atom pistol out of the
drawer, handling it with unfamiliar fin-
gers. It had been a long time since those
target shooting days in Iowa. He checked
the gun quickly, reloaded it with fresh
pellets.

  He had left the visiphone on, and
when Reader had broken his connection
the interior of Miss Kal’s office and the
surprised face of that eavesdropper had
automatically returned. She stared at the
atom pistol.

  “Miss Kal,” Joe said softly. “Get me
a canal-cab.”

*	* *

  The bodies were lying in a row beneath
an overhanging ledge of sandstone. They
had burrowed deep into a miniature jun-
gle of thick leaved canal weeds, and it
had taken him a long time to find them.
The gleam of four shiny new B-type
spacesuits, less carefully concealed, had
finally ended the search. Kent and. Ray
had been busy this morning.

  Standing where he was, Joe could look
down the green and red dotted slope and
see the ashes of the picnic fire, the scat-
terings of food that the night-crawling
noils had found unpalatable. And, blown
by Mars’ occasional winds—or taken by
alien hands—to a spot only a few feet
from where it had been thrown away,
was the scrap of paper with his letterhead
on it. The paper that he and Kent had
marked up during their discussion of to-
morrow night’s flight to Aarn, Callisto.

  If they didn’t actually hear us talking,
Joe thought, it was that paper that started
the whole thing.

  He said loudly: “Are you here, Uarnl?
You thought it was perfect, didn’t you?
You thought you could repossess your
bodies as the liner went off-world. Well,
look at this!”

  With executival thoroughness, he blasted
the four bodies into cinders.

STORIES

SARAH came out of the kitchen as Joe
opened the canal door and let himself
in. He turned and paid the cabby and the
skimmer moved off.

  “Hello, darling,” she said, and tugged
at his arm. “I’ve got a swell supper fixed !”

  Joe smiled at her as he shrugged out of
his tunic. He flung it casually over her
favorite potted Zinhaeat. She didn’t grab
it off. I should have been a detective, he
thought. He followed her into the kitchen.

  “Anything interesting happen today?”
Sarah began to arrange the table, moving
things here and there fussily. She looked
at Joe from the corner of her eye. “That’s
about how you like it, isn’t it?” she asked.

  Joe said, “That’s fine.” He ground out
his cigarette on a clean plate. Sarah would
have taken his head off if he had ever
done that.

  “No,” he went on, “nothing happened.
Same old stuff.”

  They sat down to eat. Joe tasted his
soup. It was rotten. He wondered if they
cooked like that all over Callisto, or only
in Aarn.

  “Is it all right, darling?” Sarah was.
looking at him brightly, her fingers twined
under her chin with the left pinkie ex-
tended, her head cocked to one side. It
was all so cute that it made Joe sick. He
decided that if the showdown were put
off much longer he’d never be able to
stand the sight of her again.

  “You haven’t called me ‘darling’ since
our days of stardust and chivalry,” he
said. “Call me Joe.”

 “What?”

  “I said—call—me—Joe.”

  Sarah pushed her plate away. Her brown
eyes were muddy.

  “I wasn’t hungry anyway,” she said
coldly.

  Big Kent and Ray came through the
door that led into the living room. Kent
leaned against the wall and folded his
massive arms. He grinned mockingly at
Joe. “We never give up,” he said. Ray
stared nervously and wet his lips.

  Joe shoved back his chair inch by inch.

  “Uarnl’s dead,” he said. “He blundered
things in my office and got scared and
tried to get off-world in a passenger. The
Patrol blasted him.”
CARGO TO CALLISTO

45

   Sarah rose calmly and looked at Ray
 and Kent. Their faces were stony. She
 said: “Lof—Dvr—I think the four of us
 together can break down his resistance
 to Occupancy.” Her eyes traveled to an
 empty corner of the kitchen. “Are you
 ready, Uarnl?”

   She faced Joe again, a sly smile on her
 lips.

   “Uarnl wasn’t killed, Yoe—atomics
 don’t kill us. The passenyer was.”

   Joe wasn’t surprised when she floated
 away from the chair and toward him, her
 slippers hardly seeming to touch the floor.
 He’d been expecting to be attacked.

   But what almost broke him into little
 pieces was her third eye—the one that
 blinked open in the middle of her fore-
 head, brushing aside a brittle shell of
 skin and glaring at him with its wide,
 unhuman hunger. Then, for one terrible
 second, his brain felt packed in ice; the
 ropm was grotesque, filled with alien con-
 trivances. The only sensible thing in it
 was Ih’s warm, familiar third eye.

   With all his melting strength, Joe
 thought, “I destroyed the bodies!” and the
 , whole scene dangled unmoving before
 him, the weird, .distant setting for the
 climax of a play, as he heard his own
 voice in a wrenching groan:

   “Our bodies—destroyed!”

   Appalling misery and hatred for him-
 self rocked Joe’s brain. Then Uarnl re-
 coiled, as the Aamians’ rapport was
 broken.

   Joe cried chokingly, “Lieutenant—Lieu-
 tenant Smith!”

   The canal door burst open and Lieu-

 tenant Smith of Mars Detain, who had
 been hugging the narrow metal landing
 ledge, came in like the proverbial tornado.
 What he’d heard had more than convinced
 him. The deadly little sphere in his hands
 started to make sharp spitting sounds.

  Sarah and Kent and Ray and the in-
visible Uarnl screamed. All together, in
a dissonance of agony and fear and death.

Then, three of them stood

loosely, in puzzled silence.

  Big Kent brushed a hand across his
eyes. “Ray,” he muttered, “what in hell
were you yelling about?”

  Ray looked at him and sank into the
nearest chair.

  “Yelling?” he said bewilderedly. His
fingers began to unconsciously perform
on the chair arm. “I don’t know. Was I
yelling?”

  Sarah was in Joe’s arms, her blue-black
hair sending its aching fragrance into his
nostrils. “Joe,” she whispered, “Joe, what
happened ?”

  He tipped back her head, ran a finger
over her smooth, brown forehead. Hyp-
nosis—to paralyze and freeze him, to
weaken him. He drew her face against
his shoulder again.

  What had happened ? What would those
Psychologists back in Iowa say if this
story ever reached their ears? The bar-
rier?—the “some sort of block” in my
mind, my freakish mind, that keeps out
Projectors—and Aarnians?

   “Kent,” he said, “fix us all some drinks.
Lieutenant Smith’s got a story to tell us
—about that picnic.”

.!'han't JpJUfet...

► PLANET STORIES now appears

     EVERY OTHER MONTH!

           The next issue of PLANET STORIES will
           be on sale Nov. 1st . . . WATCH FOR IT!
machine of

KLAMUGRA

Captain Barnaby and Lieutenant Teajun stood
at the brink of that vast stone amphitheater,
staring wonderingly down at half-an-acre of
gadget. This glittering mass of million-year clock-
work was the Machine . . . and soon it was
to judge them for their crime against Mars!

KLAGGCHALLAK, HIS FURnose-
flaps pulled tight against his nos-
trils, stumbled up to the gleaming
pinnacle of steel that seemed to offer shel-
ter against the night. He felt a dust-storm
gathering in the west, and knew that not
even the tough skin of a Martian priest
could withstand the angry whippings of
sand lashed up by the wind-warlocks of
the desert.

  The old priest drew a tiny, folded malb
skin tent from his back-pack. Without
haste, for he knew that the elder gods
of Mars were watching his safety, Klagg-
challak pitched the tent against the west
stabilizer of the rocket, drawing the tough
hide down to form a floor-flap and fas-
tening it to the steel of the . stabilizer
with tough mal-hooi glue, which would
hold fast in the fiercest winds of Mars.
He looked for the sun and found it low
in the evening sky, then crawled leisurely
into the yurt, pulling the door-flap down
after him and gluing it to the floor. He
had for himself a secure cocoon into
which the sand-devils could not force
their probing fingers. Before he slept, the
old priest fingered his beads, reciting his
evening invocation to various benevolent
and protective gods.

  The falling sun threw a dancing star
against the hull of the ship standing tall
in its tail-chocks. A bewildering wail, the
banshee-call of “Danger; ship jetting off!”
sounded; but Klaggchallak slept on, hear-
ing through his dreams only the howling
of the wind.

  Sixty seconds later, as prescribed in
the General Regulations of the Extra-
terrestrial Service, a second sound began,
that most fearful of noises, the sirening
of the rocket exhaust. The Martian in
his skin tent wakened and felt fear gnaw
at his bones; fear induced by subsonic
tremors from the rocket blast. Klagg-
challak reached for his beads as the heat
soaked into his thick, wrinkled skin.

  In a moment the floor sagged beneath
him. With the wa/-skin pouch dangling
ridiculously from its tail assembly, the
EXTS rocket Vulcan rose with great
gentleness from its tail-chocks, pushed up
on its spraying jets.

  Four seconds later the ship was a ruby
flame above the low hills. Eight seconds
later a charred bipod, a bifurcated cinder,
tumbled down from space to strike near
the jetoff field, where the Vulcan’s tail-
chocks glowed dull red and the blackened
ground smoldered. A moment later a

by Allen K. Lang

46

48

PLANET

STORIES

bracelet of blast-welded beads tumbled
down from the sky, falling near the car-
bon hulk that a few seconds before had
been Klaggchallak, a Martian priest
great in wisdom and in honor among his
people.

CAPTAIN JAN BARNABY and
Lieutenant Kim Teajun of the Ex-
traterrestrial Service stood before the
Board of Inquiry at Denver, D. F. The
President of the Board, a Chief Com-
mander’s star-on-silver gleaming at his
right collar point, opened the proceedings:
‘‘The military rocket Vulcan, EXTS
light cruiser, is accused by the Martian
authorities of causing the death of one
Klaggchallak, a priest. They further claim
that the death of Klaggchallak was caused
by criminal negligence on the part of
the pilot and co-pilot of the rocket, Cap-
tain Jan Barnaby and Lieutenant Kim
Teajun/ respectively. Such neglect being
within the definition of murder in the
Martian legal code, the Judging Author-
ity of Mars demands that we deliver
these two men to them for trial and
eventual punishment.”

  The Commander stroked his grey hair
thoughtfully as he looked up from his
report to the two unhappy officers before
him. “At ease, gentlemen.” Barnaby and
Teajun slumped. “While I’m inclined to
agree with you two that Klaggchallak’s
frying was his own fool fault, I must
say that you picked a damned poor time
to become the instruments of his im-
molation. We had hoped to establish an
extra-territoriality agreement with Mars,
but the death of old Klaggchallak puts
that out of the question. To further Mar-
tian tranquility, you men will have to re-
turn to Mars and face the Judging Au-
thority there. If my feelings were all
that is at stake, gentlemen, I’d tell the
Marties to go trippingly to hell, and keep
you here on Earth. But to do this would
mean we’d be forced to abandon our bases
and mines and surveys on all Mars. We’d
be giving our European competitors a
clear field.” The Commander folded the
report neatly, once and again. “Captain
Barnaby and Lieutenant Kim, you’ll be on
the next Mars-ward ship. We can’t help

you if you’re convicted by our fuzzy
friends. You’ll have to stay there and
take whatever punishment they demand.”

  Kim was remembering a scene he and
Barnaby had witnessed at Klamugra, the
seat of the Martian Judging Authority.
A Martian, convicted of murder, was
being executed atop a high metal plat-
form. A large portion of the city’s popu-
lation was gathered before the platform,
watching the edifying spectacle of a fel-
low-Martian dying with horrifying slow-
ness as the "chocks of a vise pressed into
his skull. They were bearcats for gladia-
torial amusement.

  “Do you gentlemen have any ques-
tions ?”

  Lieutenant Kim glanced at Captain
Barnaby, then spoke. “Yes, sir. I’d like
to know how long we’re going to let the
Marties push us around this way. Thir-
teen Martian priests are on our payroll,
just because they demand it. We’ve got to
stay five kilometers away from their
cities, or pay a five-hundred credit fine.
We can’t spit without special permission
from the Grand Council of Mars. We
don’t think like they do; why should we
submit to being judged by their million-
year-old laws? In all respect, sir, why
does our Service act so weak?”

  The Commander made a pyramid of
thumbs and forefingers, and considered
it. “Lieutenant Kim, I’ve been asking
myself that question for the last ten
years. We’ve had to pay tribute to gain
the Marties’ permission to stay on their
god-forsaken planet. That tribute repre-
sents half the operating expense of the
Martian Department of the Service,
credits that should be spent on new ships
and more men. We’ve behaved like a
bunch of patsies ever since von Munger
and Ley landed on Mars.

  “Still, we’re all soldiers, and we must
follow regulations. We mustn’t disturb
the indigenous population on Mars; that’s
Regulation ‘A-l.’ If our policies grow
distasteful to the Marties, they may call
in the Europeans to take our place. We
wouldn’t like that. It’s bad form to admit
it, gentlemen, but I’m ashamed to give
you this order. You’re to jet off for
Mars tomorrow morning; and on arrival
MACHINE OF KLAMUGRA

49

at Klamugra, to deliver yourselves over
to the Martian Judging Authority.” The
Commander rapped his gavel and stood;
the two officers before the Board snapped
to attention. “Board of Inquiry dis-
missed.”

FULLY AWARE that tomorrow’s jet-
off would multiply by eight the
hangovers they were breeding, Captain
Barnaby and Lieutenant Kim sat that
evening in the Denver Dive, alternating
drinks of European vodka with rounds
of California moon-dew. As Kim said:
“Drink as much as you like, Barnaby ;
we’re not driving in the morning.”

  “Tell me,” Barnaby demanded of his
co-pilot, “what you’re thinking of, you
Martie-roasting fiend of a Korean.”

  “I was considering the memory of the
‘shlunk!’ that Martian murderer’s skull
made when it finally gave in, that day
at Klamugra. Do you remember, hard-
headed Yankee?” Kim’s eyes followed
the blonde ecdysiast across the stage more
from habit than present interest.

  “Why did you have to remember that?
‘Shlunk!’—ugh!”

  “We’re going to have to squirm out
of this, Barnahy-siinsanff/’ Kim said.
“We’ll have to beat that rap at Klamugra.
It’s not that I wish to avoid putting my
head in a vise; it’s only that it hurts me
to see the Extraterrestrial Sendee made
a monkey of this way. In a way it will
even be a shame if we get off. Think of
all the Marties who will miss the oppor-
tunity to see your punkin head smashed.”
“You orientals have noble souls, Kim.”
The blonde stripper, having uncovered
as much of herself as she could without
resorting to dissection, jumped down
from the stage and walked over to the
two EXTS officers. “Would you gentle-
men like to buy me a drink?” she asked.

  Kim’s eyes roved abroad in a brief
anatomy lesson, but Barnaby said, “I’ll
buy you one a couple of weeks from
now, if I’m not laid up somewhere with
a splitting headache.” He stood unsteadily
and tossed a ten-credit certificate on the
table. “If you’re really thirsty, get a
drink out of that.”

4—Planet Stories—November

  Kim reluctantly followed his superior
officer from the bar. At the door he turned
and called back to the blonde, “Don’t
catch cold, child. I’ll be back.”

*	* *

  The dawn jetoff was miserable, as jet-
offs always are. Four days brought the
ship within falling-distance of Mars; soon
the jets thundered as it backed into a
pocket of hills outside Klamugra. The
air-pumps hammered to bring the air
pressure inside the hull gradually down
to that of the outside, so that instru-
ments and equipment wouldn’t be sub-
jected to a sudden lowering of pres-
sure. The men inside the ship slipped
plastic helmets over their heads, checked
the tiny air-pumps on their shoulders,
and drew on heavy gloves and boots.

  When the port swung open Kim and
Barnaby climbed down the ladder to the
blast-blackened sand. The sergeant of
EXTS Provost Marshall who had ac-
companied them walked with the officers
to a hill overlooking the ancient Martian
city of Klamugra, which . stood on a ter-
race about five kilometers to the north.
The red adobe walls of the city, testimony
of the ancient days when Mars had
enough water to allow its use for brick-
making, blended with the distance to seem
a part of the red desert sand.

  A cloud of steam and dust appeared
between the hill where they stood and
the city. Captain Barnaby un-leathered
his binoculars and pressed them to the
eyepieces of his helmet, and made out a
hopping jeep, its top enclosed in plastic
and a trio of supercharger coils poking
through the sides of the hood. Clouds of
steam followed the jeep as its exhaust
streamed out into the chilly air.

IN A MOMENT the jeep spun up the
hill and ground to a halt. There was a
pause as the men inside the jeep fitted
their helmets on their shoulders, checked
their airpumps, and drew on their gaunt-
lets. Then the plastic bubble lifted back,
a sergeant jumped out from under the
steering wheel and saluted, and a Colonel,
EXTS Intelligence, walked up to Captain
Barnaby and Lieutenant Kim. “Gentle-
men,” he said, “I’m Colonel Lee Mont-
50

PLANET STORIES

gomery, Commanding Officer, Third Sec-
tor. It is my unpleasant duty to turn you
over to the Chief Technician of the Mar-
tian Judging Authority, who is Rhink-
lav’n, here.”

  At these words a tall Martian unfolded
himself from the back seat of the jeep.
He climbed out and bowed before Cap-
tain Bamaby. “I am Rhinklav’n, Captain.”
The thick fur nose-flaps, looking like ear-
muffs pulled across his muzzle, muffled
Rhinklav’n’s high-pitched voice so that it
gave the effect of coming from the bottom
of a rain barrel. “You are to accompany
me to Klamugra to be judged by the
Machine, of which I am the Honored
First Technician.”

  Bamaby and Kim bowed slightly to ac-
knowledge Rhinklav’n, then crawled into
the back seat of the jeep, next to Colonel
Montgomery.

  Rhinklav’n and the sergeant sat up
front. The sergeant pushed a button on
the instrument panel, and the plastic top
of the jeep dropped down to cover them.
As the engine started, the jeep’s air pump
drew in air until the atmosphere was
thick enough for human lungs. The Mar-
tian squirmed uncomfortably in the heavy
air while his human companions threw off
their helmets. Lieutenant Kim gratefully
drew a deep breath of air, and regretted it
immediately. What with the million-year
water shortage the Martians had lost even
the word for bath. Besides, the most
popular article of Martian cuisine is a
bulb strikingly similar to the terrestrial
garlic plant. Captain Bamaby turned to
Kim. “Mars has a distinguished atmos-
phere, hasn’t it?” He spoke in English,
rather than in the Esperanto lingua-franca
of space.

  “Indeed it has,” Kim agreed. “What
was old fuzz-face up there talking about
when he spoke of ‘the Machine,’ Col-
onel ?”

  “The law of Mars is the most rigidly
systematized in the solar system,” Col-
onel Montgomery replied. “Several mil-
lions of years ago, a bright Martie got
the idea that it was unwise to trust mor-
tal judges with a problem so important
as the sentencing of criminals. So he
called in a lot of mechanics—ancient Mars

had some pretty fair engineers, though
they never discovered electricity—and had
them build a judging-machine. Since the
climate is right and the machine was built
of a stainless steel, it’s still here and still
being used. It’s an enormous thing;
spreads over half an acre in a big amphi-
theatre in the center of town. It’s an ana-
logue computer, rather clumsy by terres-
trial standards, but nevertheless well-
built. You know the principles of ana-
logue calculators. Instead of working
with coded, position-valued impulses, like
the electronic astrogator on our rockets,
the mechanical machines solve problems
by making use of the physical analogies
between cogs and gears and differentials.”
“Do you mean that we’re going to be
punished or set free by a bunch of clock-
work, colonel?” Kim asked.

  “In a way, yes. The Machine is a most
impersonal judge. That fact won’t help
you, though. Martian legal code is strict
about killing, there being some thirty-odd
degrees of murder, ranging in seriousness
from a ‘simple homicide to secure a
mate,’ the punishment for which is death
by dehydration, most often; to ‘killing to
secure for oneself material benefits,’ for
which there exist more subtle forms of
death by torture.”

  “Like getting a small-head-size in a
vise?” Captain Bamaby grunted.

  “That’s the usual punishment for mur-
der in the seventeenth degree, where the
crime is usually ‘killing for spiritual ad-
vancement.’ You see, each crime is given
special study by the Machine. A great
many factors are fed in, collated with
certain constants within the Machine, pro-
cessed through several dozen stages, and
finally combined into a single number,
which represents the punishment called
for. By the way,” the colonel studied the
back of Rhinklav’n’s head, “no considera-
tion of the truthfulness of the ‘defen-
dant’ is entered into the Machine. It is
presumed that should a man say that he
did not commit a crime, he didn’t; if he
did, he’d admit it. Martians have a pe-
culiar character defect that prevents them
from lying.”

  “A defect from which we humans are
fortunately free,” Kim grinned.
MACHINE OF

  “That’s no out,” Colonel Montgomery
countered. “They have witnesses who
saw Klaggchallak fry. Besides, we pre-
fer to have the mass of Marties ignorant
of the average earthling’s penchant for
prevarication. It saves the Service a lot
of money not to have to prove anything

it tells our hairy hosts out here.”

/

THE JEEP hit the first of the series
of low terraces which set the city of
Klamugra up from the surrounding desert
plains, and the little car bounced high off
the sand. Colonel Montgomery looked
startled, as though he’d just remembered
something. “You know, in my ethnological
fervor I didn’t realize what you two men
are in for. Cosmos! I’m practically de-
livering you up as human sacrifices!”

  “We came to that conclusion five days
ago, colonel,” Lieutenant Kim dryly ob-
served.

«“I can see what the Fleet Commander
meant when'he said that he was giving
me ‘a most unpleasant assignment.’ Hell,

I don’t think the Machine is able to give
a judgment of ‘not guilty’.” Colonel Mont-
gomery gazed toward the city they were
approaching. “We’ve got to turn you in.
We can’t risk a blowup with the Martian
Grand Council. There are rumors that
. . .” the colonel glanced again with sus-
picion at the back of Rhinklav’n’s hairy
neck, as though suspecting that the Mar-
tian might be able to puzzle out the mean-
ing of their conversation, though it was
in English. “There are rumors that the
-artiansMay have an agent among the
-ussiansRay. We can’t risk having the
borsch-eaters more popular out here than
the Western Powers.” The jeep bounded
up the last of the terraces and through
an opening in the city wall. The adobe
buildings raced past, and with a final
bound the jeep came to the edge of the
huge, circular bowl which held the Ma-
chine.

  “There’s your judge,” Colonel Mont-
gomery said, speaking in Esperanto again.
‘‘I haven’t much hope to offer you. For
one thing, you’re the first humans ever
to be judged by the Machine.”

  The men picked up their helmets and
airpumps and adjusted them on their

KLAMUGRA	51

shoulders. Rhinklav’n drew his furry nos-
tril-flaps down into place against the sud-
den change in pressure. The plastic top
of the jeep flew back on its springs
and the men climbed out, stretching their
cramped muscles. The radiophones in the
helmets buzzed, and the colonel gave Cap-
tain Barnaby a last word. “I want to
impress you with the fact that the Ser-
vice cannot protect you, from this mo-
ment onward. If you escape being killed
it must be on your own merits. And
don’t start shooting Marties—-won’t do
you a bit of good. There’s a lot at stake
for Earth here. Good luck, men!” Col-
onel Montgomery saluted, and he and his
sergeant jumped back in the jeep, slammed
the top down, and whirled away.

  Rhinklav’n turned to the two EXTS
 officers. “Gentlemen, I’ve assigned you
 quarters here, near the Machine. Will
 you follow me?” Kim and Barnaby fol-
 lowed the Martian a short distance from
 the edge of the amphitheater to a lone
 adobe building, one story high and about
 ten meters square. “Here are your quar-
 ters, where you’ll stay tonight. Your judg-
 ing is set for tomorrow morning.”

   Captain Barnaby glanced into the build-
 ing and was surprised to see that it
 closed with an airlock, had terrestrial
 canned foods on neat shelves, and had
 regular Service cots in place of the
 rough moMeather mats that the Martians
 slept on. “It was good of you to go to
 all this trouble just for myself and Lieu-
 tenant Kim, Rhinklav’n,” the Captain
 said.

   The Martian paused at the door. “It’s
 not just for you, Captain. Five other ter-
 restrials have committed crimes of various
 proportions within the last few weeks.

 *	They will also be tried here, after your
 case is disposed of.” Rhinklav’n left, con-
 siderately closing the airlock door and
 starting the pump on his way out.

   Lieutenant Kim took a can of “B” ra-
 tion beans down from the shelf and
 thoughtfully began to open it with his
 Service knife. “Captain,” he said, “this
 sort of thing could drive our Service from
 Mars. If the Marties consider it their
 right to judge every Earthling who runs
 a jeep into a farmer’s nial or lands half
52	PLANET

 a meter too near one of their cities, we
 won’t have a man on the planet in a
 couple of years.”

  “Kim, we’re precedents.”

  “What do you mean, Yankee?”

  “If the Marties succeed in convicting
us of murder in some unheard-of degree
by using that overgrown Erector Set of
theirs, we’ll be only the first two of a
long string of EXTServicemen to be exe-
cuted under Mars law. We can’t let them
do it.” Captain Barnaby paused a moment
to pour himself out a plateful of beans.
“Kim, what was that process you used
to rely on back in EXTS Academy in
Denver? The one that gave you the right
answers after you found that your first
solutions to our astrogation problems
were a few hundred thousand kilometers
off?”

  Kim stopped chewing for a moment in
surprise. “You mean that you got through
the AcaHemy without using the ‘finagle
factor’? No wonder you made captain so
soon. It’s simple: I’d look up the right
answer in the Service charts, find by
what factor my solution was off, and
introduce that factor into my next calcu-
lation, making it inconspicuous under a lot
of mathematical camouflage. Don’t bawl
me out about it, Barny; I just couldn’t see
letting my extracurricular activities suffer
for my schoolwork.”

   “Yes, you did a lot of your studying at
the Denver Dive. No matter, little man.
Eat hearty and get some sleep.” Barnaby
stirred his beans thoughtfully. “We’ve got
a big day ahead of us tomorrow.”

Early the next morning a

subordinate technician of the Machine
hammered on the airlock. The two terres-
trials pulled on their heavy jackets, fur boots,
and gauntlets, started the little air pumps
on their shoulders, and opened the lock.
“The honored First Technician of the Ma-
chine invites your presence at your trial,
which is to begin very 'soon,” the Martian
said, speaking halting Esperanto. Kim and
Barnaby followed him to the edge of the
Machine bowl. There had been several
changes made during the night. An ele-
vated platform had been set up, identical
to the one used in the bloody execution

STORIES

they’d witnessed. About twenty Martians
were clustered around the Machine, some
of them making last-minute adjustments
in the mechanism; others, evidently sight-
seers, gazing curiously at the two prin-
cipals in the trial.

  Rhinklav’n was waiting, his nose flaps
drawn over his nostrils to keep the cold
morning air from cutting into his lungs.
“I am pleased that you come,” he said.
“The Machine is fully assembled for your
problem.” He pointed down toward the
Machine, a vast cluster of separate stages
connected by rods. “On the far right, in
that small building, is the power source of
the Machine, a mercury-turbine engine.
We can’t spare the water to make steam,
you know. The first stage contains the
Martian actuarial tables, the second has
the actuarial system for determining the
probable life-spans of you two Earthlings.
That’s without taking into consideration
the probability that you two will be exe-
cuted as a result of the judgement of the
Machine.”

  Lieutenant Kim nodded. “Most ingen-
ious. But I’m afraid that there’s a factor
that you’ve omitted.”

  “We’ve made no factual error, Lieuten-
ant,” Rhinklav’n insisted. “The value of
the sage Klaggchallak is represented there
—” he pointed to the fourth stage, “and
your social value to the people of Mars is
here represented.” Rhinklav’n waved one
mitten-like hand toward the fifth stage.
“If you’ll examine that stage, you’ll ob-
serve that your value is negative: the shaft
representing it revolves in a direction
opposite to that of the others. Yes, you’ll
surely be executed.”

  Captain Barnaby nodded, as though the
reiteration of the probability of his early
demise troubled him less than the philo-
sophical question he’d stumbled across.
“Still, as my subordinate officer has said,
there’s a factor which you seem to have
omitted. In the terminology of terrestrial
psychometering, this quantity is called—
what did you say it was, Lieutenant Kim?”

  “The ‘finagle factor,’ sir.”

  “Really?” Rhinklav’n asked, the light of
scientific inquiry in his eyes. “I thought
I’d taken all the variables of Earthling
physiology and psychology into considera-
MACHINE OF KLAMMJGRA

53

tion when I set up the plans for the trial.
What are the mathematics of this ‘finagle
factor’ ?”

CAPTAIN BARNABY put one foot
up on a connecting shaft, as though
he were in the Denver Dive, discussing the
relative merits of two video dancers. “As
you’ve doubtless noticed in your extensive
study of the Terrestrial mind, Sir Hon-
ored First Technician of the Machine, we
of Earth place almost equal value on a
man’s intelligence and on his financial
standing as criteria of his worth.”

  “Yes,” Rhinklav’n mused, “I noticed
your preoccupation with both intelligence
(a minor mental quality, by the way; far
inferior to spiritual insight or time-sense)
and with the individual’s possession of
Western Credits.”

  “As I said,” Captain Barnaby continued,
“there exists a precise formula, developed
•by the . . .”

  “By the Noyoudont Dentifrice Labora-
tories,” Kim supplied.

  "Yes; their laboratories developed the
mathematics of the finagle factor. Briefly,
it is this: the square root of the product
of Intelligence Quotient over one hun-
dred times the number of credits the indi-
vidual has outstanding. Or, written alge-
braically Barnaby knelt down and traced
in the sand with his gloved index finger:

  X money in the bank

  “Quite a simple equation, easily repre-
sented on the Machine,” Rhinklav’n ob-
served. He called a subordinate technician
to his side and spoke to him in the clicking
polysyllables of the Martian language.
Turning again to Captain Barnaby, he
asked, “And what are the values of ‘IQ’
and ‘Money in the Bank’ for you and
Lieutenant Kim?”

•	“Our combined IQ’s total about 243.
How many credits do you own, Lieutenant
Kim?”

  “Hell, sir; I’ve got more debts than
credits.’”

  “Figure up your debts then, Lieuten-
ant.”

  Kim raised his right gauntlet, drew a
pad of paper and a pencil from a pocket at

the back of his hand, and scribbled rapidly.
“If we get out of this, Captain, I’ll owe
about 1046 credits. Subtracting pay due
for the last semi-annual period, I owe 437
credits.”

  “And I have debts totaling 600 credits,”
Captain Barnaby said thoughtfully. He
turned to Rhinklav’n. “The debts of
myself and Lieutenant Kim, Sir Honored
First Technician of the Machine, total
1037 Western Credits. Being debt, that’s
a negative number, of course.”

  “Of course, Captain,” Rhinklav’n
agreed. “The Machine can handle any sort
of number, even a negative number. You
noticed that your social value to Mars
was easily represented as a minus-num-
ber.” Rhinklav’n talked rapidly to his as-
sistant and handed him the values of the
finagle factor, rewritten in Martian ideo-
graphs. He faced Captain Bamaby again.
“It will take us about an hour to enter
this new factor into the Machine,” he said.
“You’ll not mind waiting?”

  “No, not at all,” Barnaby murmured.
He and Kim leaned against the inside wall
of the amphitheater, watching the Martian
technicians hurry about; they removed
gears and replaced them with gears of an-
other ratio; they connected a stage con-
sisting of eccentric cams strung on shafts;
and they installed a mass of machinery at
the sixth stage, where the operation of
extracting square root was to take place.
Kim, comparing the heavy gears and
levers of the Machine with the compact
tubes of his electronic astrogator, re-
marked, “It’s like using a trip hammer
to crack a walnut.”

After a few minutes of

watching, Kim and Bamaby became
conscious of an intruder within their hel-
mets, a most unpleasant odor. They
glanced up to the edge of the bowl. The
Martian sightseers were sitting up there,
dangling their legs above the Machine and
utilizing the pause in the proceedings to
eat their picnic lunches. They were busily
unwrapping bundles of food from the
mal-skin pouches hanging by their sides
and eating as they watched the techni-
chians work over the Machine.

  One of the tourists, judging from his
54

PLANET

STORIES

height a young male, threw a small par-
cel toward Kim. The lieutenant picked it
up and unwrapped it. The stench of Mar-
tian garlic became unbearable as Kim
stared at the unidentifiable tidbit of meat
the Martian had thrown him; the air-
pump on his shoulder drew the redolence
into his helmet in such quantities that
Kim’s eyes burned. He gestured to show
that, while his every instinct demanded
that he eat the delicious morsel, he
couldn’t take his helmet off to do so. With
an elaborate pantomiming of sorrow, Kim
pitched the gift back up to the Martian
boy.

  A few adjustments later the technicians
filed up from the Machine pit. Rhinklav’n
walked over to the two EXTS officers. “If
you gentlemen will accompany me, we’ll
begin the trial at once.”

  Kim and Barnaby walked together up
the steps that led from the Machine, then
turned and' looked down at the dozens of
stages of complex machinery, into which
memory and intelligence of a sort had been
built. Rhinklav’n pointed toward the fifth
and sixth stages. “It is there that the com-
bined finagle factors of you men will be
calculated. The fifth stage is quite simple;
it will perform the necessary division and
multiplication. The sixth stage will extract
the square root of the product derived by
the fifth. The next six stages of machinery
contain the variables of terrestrial behav-
ior, which I and my colleagues calculated
from Earth texts. The other stages on the
field, fifty-three of them, will collate the
results of the calculations of the first
twelve stages with our legal code and de-
termine punishment. The final product will
appear at the sixty-seventh stage, repre-
sented as the speed of rotation of a single
shaft. The revolutions-per-time-interval
are decoded by a simple formula to deter-
mine the punishment to be levied upon you.
Doubtless, it will be some unpleasant form
of death.”

  Kim muttered that he wished that Mar-
tians had a bit more tact.

  Rhinklav’n waved a hairy ann toward
his assistant who had remained below in
the Machine pit; and that Martian ran to
the power house to start the mercury-tur-
bine engine that ran the Machine. With a

whistling that set the thin atmosphere
trembling for miles around, the turbine
began to turn.

  The sightseers on the edge of the am-
phitheater wrapped up the scraps of their
lunches, replaced them in their ;M«/-skin
picnic hampers, and stood up to watch the
Machine. Kim and Barnaby paced up and
down along the edge Of the bowl, looking
down upon the mechanical cerebration
being performed by the huge Machine.
With a smooth transfer of power from one
stage to the next, the first problem—the
probable duration of Klaggchallak’s life
when it had been interrupted by the jets
of the Vulcan—was solved, and the mech-
anism of the second stage began to re-
volve.

  “They’re seeing how long we can be
expected to live, now,” Captain Barnaby
commented.

  That problem fled through a mass of
gears and cams; and the partial solution,
the sum of the two earthling’s life expect-
ancies divided by that of the priest Klagg-
challak, ran across a shaft to the third
stage, which would determine the old
priest’s value to the society of Mars. On
into the fourth stage the problem flowed,
to combine all previous factors with the
earthlings’ social value to Mars, a negative
number.

  In a few moments the problem had pro-
gressed to the fifth stage of the Machine,
where the first steps of the ‘finagle factor'
were solved. The product, a negative
number as could be seen by the reversed
rotation of the main shaft, bowed into the
sixth stage, which was to extract square
root.

HE TURBINE HOWLED protest
as it was forced to overcome the in-
ertia of the sixth stage; but a governor
at the input stage held the shaft-speed
constant. The seventh stage, all ready for
the problem when it should appear from
the sixth, held all the computations of the
first four stages in its smoothly-turning
entrails. The initial portion of the sixth
stage began to move slowly.

  There was a sudden, grating noise as
the feed-in gear of the fifth stage came
in contact with a solution gear of the
MACHINE OF KLAMUGRA

55

sixth which refused to move. The whine
of the mercury-turbine engine was shak-
ing the ground beneath the two officers’
feet now.

  As the Martian technicians and pic-
nickers looked on in amazement, the shaft
between the fifth stage and the sixth began
to twist like a stick of moist putty. The
sixth stage strained and shuddered, then
followed the twisting shaft over, tearing its
moorings- from the ground and smashing
upside-down. The seventh stage entered
into the chaos, ripping out anchors of
steel-in-concrete and slamming onto its
side. In a moment all the machines in
the bowl were muttering and straining
against the earth. Rhinklav’n ran to the
stairway that led down into the pit. In the
adobe powerhouse the mercury engine was
whirling at twenty times its optimum rate,
tearing the atmosphere with the sound of
its screaming power. There was the rattle
of' shrapnel exploding within the walls of
the powerhouse as the turbine threw off the
restrainment of its governor. The whole
field within the bowl was a mass of twitch-
ing clockwork, shaken by the final storm-
ings of the suicidal turbine. Bars of
shining steel twisted and snapped, gear
teeth flew singing through the thin air.
The final chain of stages tore itself loose
from anchoring and crashed to its side.
There was a final roar of defiance from the
turbine, and the powerhouse walls dis-
solved before an out-rushing blast of su-
perheated mercury. Kim and Barnaby
threw themselves to the ground as the din
increased for a moment, and the Martian
sightseers sought refuge behind nearby
buildings. Suddenly, the Machine was si-
lent, except for the tinkle of scraps of
metal falling to the cement.

  “Looks as though we were too much
for judge, jury, and D. A.,” Kim
murmured into his radiophone. Barnaby
nodded, then cautiously climbed to his feet.

  Rhinklav’n climbed back up the stair-
way to the brink of the amphitheater-be-
come-junkyard. He shoved his way
through the questioning crowd of Martian
sightseers without a word. “Looks like he’s
going to cry,” Lieutenant Kim commented
into his radiophone. True, Rhinklav’n’s
nose-flaps were hanging limply down below

his chin, a sure sign of great emotion in
a Martian.

  Rhinklav’n faced Captain Barnaby
wordlessly for a moment. “You may
leave now,” he said at last. The Martian
turned his back on the captain to look
down again on the wreck that had been
his beloved Machine.

HE TWO EXTS OFFICERS wan-
dered about Klamugra, the cyno-
sure of all Martian eyes, though no one
tried to stop them or ask them questions.
Lieutenant Kim finally spotted a radio
tower jutting up above the red adobe
buildings. Hurrying in the direction of the
tower, Kim and Barnaby found the Kla-
mugra headquarters of the Extraterres-
trial Service.

  Colonel Montgomery jumped to his feet
as they came in, a look of bald disbelief
on his face. “Man, I’m glad to see you
two! I was about to storm out like a knight
in shiny armor and save you from the
Marties.” He waved his hand toward the
helmet and rifle lying on his typewriter
table—“If I’d gotten there too late, I’d
have ruptured interplanetary friendship
for sure!”—and indicated a decanter on
his desk. “Have some: that’s Edinbourgh
scotch, not Los Angeles moon-dew. Tell
me why I happen to be talking to you
now instead of making up a couple of
packages for your next-of-kin.”

  “We wrecked their damn Machine,”
Kim said happily, dropping his helmet
and gauntlets to the floor and measuring
out several fingers of the colonel’s scotch
into his ration can.

  “To be a bit more accurate,”' Captain
Barnaby corrected, “we drove the Machine
insane.” He poured himself a stiff shot
of scotch and downed it with appreciation.

  “Our personalities are so complex that
the Machine blew up all over the landscape
when it tried to understand them,” Kim
said. He dragged a chair out from behind
the typewriter table and sat down, care-
fully balancing the ration can.

  “It’s rather as though we should set our
electronic astrogator to work on a problem
with three variables in five dimensions,
rather than in four,” Captain Barnaby ex-
plained. “As you told us, the Machine
56

PLANET STORIES

was a mechanical-analogus calculator. It
can multiply, divide, add, square and cube,
and extract roots. It performs these oper-
ations by coding numbers into mechanical
relationships.”

  “Just a big adding machine,” Kim com-
mented irreverently.

  “And our ‘finagle factor’ was too much
for a mechanical system.” Captain Bar-
naby briefly explained to the colonel how
he and Kim had induced Rhinklav’n to add
their invented factor to the Machine’s set-
up. “You see, the finagle factor resolved
itself into the square root of a negative
number. An electronic calculator, like our
astrogator, could extract the root of a
minus-number: ‘imaginary’ numbers of
this sort are implicit in its circuit. The
Martian Machine out there couldn’t do this
though. Since there is no mechanical ana-
logue for an imaginary number, the Ma-
chine tried to extract the square root of
our-finagle factor in the same manner in
which it would attempt to extract the
root of a real number.”

  Kim drained his ration can neatly and
remarked, “The Machine couldn’t do what
it had to. All the power of the turbine was
thrown into the root extracting system,
which wouldn’t revolve. So the Machine
went nuts, pardon me, sir, and blew its
top. Wrecked the power source and all

  sixty-seven stages. With the square root
of minus one, we busted up a Machine
half a million years old.”

 “What now ?” Colonel Montgomery
asked, rhetorically.

  Captain Barnaby studied the bottom of
his ration-can a moment. “Well, sir,
Rhinklav’n was more puzzled than an-
gered. He wanted to judge humans not
out of malice, but from a genuine scien-
tific curiosity. He wanted to see how the
Machine would act with an alien problem.
His Machine is too badly broken-up ever
to repair. He’ll have to find another meth-
od of judging criminals, first of all. Mar-
tian society is founded on strict law.”
“Just a moment.” The colonel got up
from his desk and went down the hall to
a door marked “Judge Advocate General’s
Department, EXTS.” He returned with a
heavy book, bound between khaki-board
covers. “We’ll give this book to Rhink-
lav’n, and you gentlemen may return to the
Denver Joint.”

  “Dive, sir,” Kim corrected.

  “Yes, Lieutenant.” Colonel Montgom-
ery handed the big book to Captain Barn-
aby. “Take this to Rhinklav’n before you
leave, Captain.”

  Barnaby turned to the title page and
read in Esperanto, “Blackstone. On the
Study of Lap)”

Go*fU4Uf> n&x£ iAMte. . . .
| ► WITCH OF THE DEMON SEAS
ij	by A. A. CRAIG
►	MARTIAN NIGHTMARE:

                            by RRYCE WALTON

   ►	TIGER BY THE TAIL

 ij	by POUL ANDERSON

        Also stories by ALFRED COPPEL, J. T. M’INTOSH
        WILLIAM ORERFIELD, M. L. COE
  In that precise, antiseptic, post-war society, thirteen hell-

           raising old space-warriors were as obsolete as brass
 knuckles in a debate ... and somewhat more of a nuisance.

          So brass-bands played, and brass-hats brayed . . .
 and a coffin ship left for the stars . . .

“See that one with the scars? . . . that's Sandy Stake, who won at Uigel”

final

mission

by John D. MacDonald

  (From Act II, Scene 3—SYNOPSIS
for Cynthia)

  CYNTHIA: (Distraught,pacing) Then
what are we to do for them? They were
here when we needed them. Are they to
be surfeited with high honor, served like
roasted duck at a billion banquets? Tell
me, Roger, have we, the living, nothing

  but boredom to offer those who made this
living possible?

  ROGER: (Sullenly) They are old he-
roes, my dear. The world no longer has
need for the heroic impulse. And what is
wrong with roast duck?

  CYNTHIA: (violently) Everything!
(She crosses to the bed, sits, posture ex-

57
58

PLANET STORIES

pressing deep dejection. When she speaks
her voice is soft.) You see, Roger, I am
incredibly old. I saw him, you know, that
last time we needed them. Oh, what a des-
perate bold look about him! Space had put
its mark of flame on his hard cheek.

  ROGER: (Distantly) Him? Him, in-
deed ! I hadn’t realized that we’d narrowed
it to a specific and particular hero. I
thought you were bleeding for the whole
lot of them.

  CYNTHIA: (Fondly) My poor jeal-
ous darling Roger! Was I to remain sus-
pended and unaware until you came into
my life?

  ROGER: (Dryly) More of this hero
please.

  CYNTHIA: Oh, the look of him! That
careful balanced walk of the spaceman!
His eyes were deepest blue, Roger. We
thought everything was lost then. He and-
those like him were our last hope, and such
a forlorn one, too!

  ROGER: You are turning into a pro-
fessional sentimentalist, darling. All of
them from those days are fat-haunched
wheezing old men, with long and impos-
sibly boring yarns of the space wars. I see
them at the club, you know.

  CYNTHIA: (Teasingly) Poor Roger!
Let me see. When they left that last time
to come back a year later bringing victory
you must have been all of four years old.
And I was seventeen. Seventeen! You
should have known me when I was seven-
teen.

  ROGER: Come now! Of which puffy
old hero are we speaking?

  CYNTHIA: (Arching her back, speak-
ing boldly) Can’t you tell, you stupid
man? Which one looks most like my son?

  Editorial from the “Tampa Times,” en-
titled ODE TO THE MALADJUSTED:

  “We look with dubious eye on the
psyching programs which are now applied
to us early enough to result in a balanced
adjustment to the world as we know it.

  “The other day we wondered what
we might be doing were it not for the
psyching which has made us such a com-
placent scribbler of these immortal words.

  “For a moment we thought, with hor-
ror, of a neurotic, maladjusted little man,

full of sighs and dreams and imagery. And
then it struck us that many of the men
who have come forward in times of stress
have been drawn from just such groups.
During the space wars which ended a
bare twenty years ago we would have lost,
it is certain, were it not for men so mal-
adjusted that violence was their creed,
brutality their way of life, danger a
necessary drug. Their very lustiness was
our margin of victory. Their names are a
heady drumbeat. Crewson, Hallison, Holt,
Tane, Cryler, Stake.

  “We know that the possibility of an-
other space war is so remote as to be
purest fantasy. With ten thousand planets
open to us, mankind will spend a thousand
generations before there is enough surplus
energy for war, or industrial capacity to
divert to armament.

  “Yet, should it happen, we psyched ones
are as unsuited for war as is a steer for
the bullring.

  “And who will there be to save the scalp
of this scribbler next time?”

  From the minutes of the annual meet-
ing of the Tamarack Club:

  TREASURER: When the heroes of
space were given honorary memberships
in the Tamarack Club twenty years ago,
I do not believe that the members of that
period realized that the recipients would
make this club their headquarters. And
... ah ... I do not believe that they
realized the troublemaking abilities of the
group. Our dues are sufficiently high so
that we are composed of top executives
from industry in this area. All, of course,
except those spacemen. The situation con-
stantly grows more serious. During the
past month our losses in club equipment
destroyed and damaged were heavy. Mr. I.
L. Intermann, after being thrown out
onto the sidewalk by two of the . . .ah
. . . spacemen, tendered his resignation.
There must be an end to this brawling
in the Tamarack Club, and an end to those
interminable lies they tell in the bar every
afternoon. This is a decent club for decent
law-abiding members. It is within our
power to rescind their honorary mem-
berships. I doubt whether any one of them
has saved the money from his pension
FINAL MISSION

59

  in sufficient quantity to pay the initiation
  fee. Thus, I move that . . .

   CHAIRMAN: You have a list of the
 ones we want to get rid of? There’s a
 couple of them that seem all right to me.

   TREASURER: To make any excep-
 tions would defeat the plan. I move that
 the honorary memberships given twenty
 years ago to the following men be re-
 scinded: Crewson, Hallison, Holt, Tane,
 .Cryler, Stake, Guthrie, Stemdees, Bara-
 nak, Schota, Mendez, Antonelli and
 —McGuire.

   SECRETARY^: Second!

   CHAIRMAN: All in favor . . . Motion
 tarried and it is so ordered.

   TREASURER: Who is going to tell
 them ?

   CHAIRMAN: I’ll appoint you.

   TREASURER: Oh, no, you don’t! Not
 me, brother.

   CHAIRMAN: You have a suggestion?

   TREASURER: See what you think of
 it. We’ll just post a notice on the bulletin
 board and underneath it can say ‘By order
 of the Executive Committee’.

   CHAIRMAN: Yes. Please handle it
 that way. What’s the next order of
 business ?

  MEMORANDUM TO: Chief, Psych-
 ing SubSection, Federal Bureau of Adult
 Adjustment, Department of Interior, Sep-
 tagon Building, New Washington, Neva-
 da, Easthemi.

   SUBJECT: Disposition of File 8.21 lj
 (Retired Commanders of Military Fleet)

   FROM: Field Director, Special Prob-
 . lem Team Twelve

   1.	Reference subject file number, the
 undersigned has taken into Adjustment
 Custody the following listed men. The
 receptivity quotient appears after each
 name.

Crewson, Lawrence A. .83 
Hallison, Michael X. .77 
Holt, Brad A.        .49 
Tane, Stanislaus M.  .60 
Cryler, Albert L.    .83 
Stake, Sanders S.    .44 
Guthrie, Sherman B.  .51 
Sterndees, Herman O. .66 
 Baranak, Louis NMI	.76

 Schota, Manuel L.	.41

 Mendez, Joaquim G.	.82

 Antonelli, Anthony A.	.75

 McGuire, Sean P.	.77

  2.	It should be noted that receptivity
ranges from a low point forty-one to a
high of point eighty-three, with the two
highest still short point ought seven of
the minimum quotient necessary for the
application of mechanical methods of cor-
rection.

  3.	Attention is respectfully directed to
the fact that each of the above men draws
from the federal government the full pay
and allowances of a retired fleet admiral,
and thus the problem of handling the situ-
ation appears delicate.

  4.	The attitude of the entire group is
consistently scornful, facetious and unco-
operative. It is only with the utmost diffi-
culty that they are persuaded to refrain
from giving nonsense answers to the test
questions.

  5.	SubSection procedure in the past,
when faced with less important citizens
with the same problem, has been to revert
to that period in personal history of each
person when they were closest to achieving
a true and valid adjustment, then re-create
the environmental factors. As the period
of true adjustment of these men was the
time of the last space war, the problems
of such environmental re-creation become
evident. However, as no other approach
seems feasible, it is recommended that
permission from higher authority be sought
so that this case may be taken out of
active files of the SubSection.

         By Order of the Section Chief
         HILLARY K. CRONEN

1st Ind.

  TO: Secretary of Interior, FROM:
Chief, Psyching SubSection, Federal Bu-
reau of Adult Adjustment, THRU: Chief,
Federal Bureau of Adult Adjustment.

  1. Forwarded recommending approval.
        JOHN BROWN
        Chief, Psyching SubSection

2nd Ind.

  TO: The President of the United States
60

PLANET STORIES

of the Hemisphere Alliance, FROM: The
Secretary of the Interior, THRU: The
Executive Vice-President.

  1. Forwarded recommending approval
and authority.

     ELLISON G. MORTINSON
     Secretary of the Interior

3rd Ind.

 TO: COMINCCAP, USSN - THRU:
The Secretary of Space

  1. Reference tri-screen conference on
basic letter, release suggested ship from
stores, man, equip and launch, coordinating
with Chief, Defensive Propaganda, for
assurance of friendly coverage.

By Order of-

           MORGAN SERO
           President

A ND SO IT WAS DONE.

 The “Tampa Bay” was one of the
cruisers, taken out from under wraps, her
hull polished and shining, her drives keyed
to the maximum efficiency.

  They boarded her, those thirteen old
men, wheezing at the steepness of the
ramp, straining the plastic seams of faded
uniforms, while the decorations of nations
long dead were brave spots of color
against flaccid chests. They boarded her
while the cold eyes of the video cameras
followed every step, and, as far as the
eye could see, the people of earth, adjusted
and content, cheered and waved and wept.

  “See, Angel? That one with the scars?
That’s Sandy Stake, -who won at Rigel.
And there’s Crosscut Louis Baranak. He
smashed their main fleet off Betelgeux.
Lord, look at them trying to keep those
bellies sucked in and look stern and
heroic. Sure, I know. So are dinosaurs.”

  The warning drift of green smoke shows
from the blockhouse. The people of the
world count slowly. “Goodby, goodby.”
WHOOOOM! Adios, muchachos.

  On the ship popular vote has put Red
Mike Hallison in charge. He sets the con-
stant at fifty lights, makes an assignment
list, calls a meeting in the main lounge in
officer’s country, on this ship where every
man is an officer.

  Thirteen pairs of somber eyes, unsteady
hands. Stolid dejection.

  "Damn every neat, tidy, well-washed
little soul of the universe,” Irish McGuire
says.

  “Like old shoes,” says Spick Men-
dez, picking his teeth with a thick thumb-
nail.

  Mike Hallison sits and waits. There is
no hot sharp anger. Anger is dulled, heavy,
hopeless.

Then Red Mike speaks. “Remember the
little fracas on the near side of Antares?”
“Sure,” says Manny Schota. “You were
ready to run when I came into range.”
“The reason I bring it up,” says Red
Mike, “is because I still think I saw a
stranger over there. A ship that was a per-
fect sphere, red gold when it picked up
the reflection of the jolts we sent at them.
After we licked ’em, the stranger wasn’t
around. I’ve always had a notion to go
beyond Antares and see what I could find,”
A dim awakening in dulled eyes.
“Maybe they’d give us a scrap,” Tane
says with a glimmer of hope.

  “We can do one of two things,” says
Red Mike. “We can go along at this
speed until there’s nobody left to give the
last man space burial. Or we can go
a-hunting.”

  A lift of heavy heads and a narrowing
of the eyes.

  “Hunting? How’d you like to hear a
volley off the forward jolt stations again,
Sandy? Now you’re saying something.
Maybe this is a break, after all.”

  Red Mike cuts through the babble.
“Okay, lads. We’ll step up the speed and
go hunting. Check the armament. See what
we’ll have to clear away for battle stations,
if we ever find them out in that haystack
of stars. Hop to it.”

  They go out into the corridors leading
fore and aft from the lounge. There is a
high note of excitement in their voices.
Red Mike smiles. At a distance their
voices sound . . . young. That’s it. Young.

  Still smiling he selects a red apple from
one of the big baskets of fruit thought-
fully provided by the membership of the
Tamarack Club.

  He hums at first; then, his voice
muffled by a large bite of apple,"he sings
hoarsely, "Never die, never die. They
only blow away.”
another thrilling adventure of Mitkey, the Starmouse

Illustrated by Yest«|

"ISS ALL?*

MITKEY

rides again

"The moon is a long way up s. . but
you can't keep a good mouse down.
Bravely, Mitkey bared his biceps . .
and so forth. That's the way this blurb
should read. But, to tell the truth,
Mitkey was tricked by a scoundrel,
was sent streaking moon-ward to
meet his end . . . and thereby hangs
a tail * . .

 by Fredric Brown

 For Those Who Did Not Read Mitkey’s
 Adventures in “THE STAR-MOUSE”:

MITKEY, a small gray mouse, is
captured by Professor Oberbur-
ger, a refugee German scientist
living in Connecticut and working on a
rocket to be sent to the moon. Mitkey is
placed in a compartment of the rocket, for
experimental purposes.

   The rocket is deflected by, and lands on,
 Prxl—an asteroid with a highly eccentric
 orbit. It is inhabited by a race of tiny but.
 super-intelligent beings,

61
62

PLANET

STORIES

  The Prxlidns, in order to question Mit-
key, raise his intelligence level to the point
where he can assimilate and understand
his own memories and tell them about con-
ditions on Earth.

  Thus Mitkey finds himself with a lan-
guage—the thick German dialect spoken
by the professor, who had talked inces-
santly to himself and to Mitkey while he
worked on the rocket.

  The Prxlians, who became fond of Mit-
key, send him and the rocket back to
Earth. Mitkey approaches Professor Ober-
burger and tries to sell him on the idea of
letting Mitkey raise the intelligence level
of all ■other mice, by means of a ray pro-
jector which the Prxlians have taught him
how to construct.

  Mitkey believes intelligent mice could
live in peace with men, and suggests that
mice be given a portion of the earth as
their own. The professor is doubtful.

  But an accidental electrical shock spoils
Mitkey’s plans.

  The professor has been keeping Minnie,
Mitkey’s mate, as a pet, on an ‘island’
surrounded by an electrical barrier. Mitkey,
seeing Minnie there, dashes recklessly
across and receives the shock which de-
stroys his new-found intelligence and
makes him again just an ordinary little
mouse.

  And he and Minnie resume their happy
life behind the wall of the professor’s lab-
oratory, until . . .

IN THE DARKNESS WITHIN
the wall there was movement, and
Mitkey, who was once again merely
a little gray mouse, scurried for the hole
in the baseboard. Mitkey was hungry, and
just outside that hole lay the professor’s
icebox. And under the icebox, cheese.

  A fat little mouse, Mitkey, almost as fat
as Minnie, who had lost her figure com-
pletely because of the professor’s gener-
osity.

  “Alvays, Mitkey,” Professor Oberbur-
ger had said, “vill be cheese under der
izebox. Alvays.” And there always was.
Not always ordinary cheese, either. Roque-
fort and beerkase and hand cheese and
Camembert, and sometimes imported
Swiss that looked as though mice had

already lived in it, and which tasted like
mouse-heaven.

  And Minnie ate and Mitkey ate, and it
was well that the holes in the walls and
the baseboards were large holes, else their
roly-poly little bodies would no longer
have found passage.

  But something else was happening, too.
Something that would have pleased and
yet worried the good professor, had he
known.

  In the darkness within a tiny mind
there were stirrings not unlike the scurry-
ing of mice within a wall. Stirrings of
strange memories, memories of words and
meanings, memories of deafening noise
within the black compartment of a rocket,
memories of something more important
than cheese and Minnie and darkness.

  Slowly, Mitkey’s memories and intelli-
gence were coming back.

  There under the shadow of the icebox,
he paused and listened. In the next room,
Professor Oberburger was working. And
as always, talking to himself.

  “Und now ve pudt on der landing
vanes. Much bedder iss, mit landing
vanes, for vhen der moon it reaches,
softly it vill land, iff air iss there.”

  Almost, almost, it made sense to Mit-
key. The words were familiar, and they
brought ideas and pictures into his little
gray head and his whiskers twitched with
the effort to understand.

  The professor’s heavy footsteps shook
the floor as he walked to the doorway
of the kitchen and stood there looking
at the mouse-hole in the baseboard.

  “Mitkey, should I set again der trap
und—Budt no. No, Mitkey, my liddle star-
mouse. You haff earned peace and rest,
no? Peace und cheese. Der segund rocket
for der moon, another mouse vill be in,
yes.”

  Rocket. Moon. Stirrings in the mind
of a little gray mouse cowering beside
a plate of cheese under the icebox, un-
seen in the shadow. Almost, almost, he
remembered.

  The professor’s steps turned away, and
Mitkey turned to the cheese.

  But still he listened, and with uneasi-
ness that he could not understand.

  A click. The professor’s voice giving a
MITKE¥ RIDES AGAIN

63

number.

  “Hardtvord Laboratories, yess? Bro-
fessor Oberburger. I vant mice. Vait, no,
a mouse. Vun mouse . . . Vhat? Yess, a
vhite mouse vill do. Color, it doess nodt
madder. Effen a purple mouse . . . Hein?
No, no I know you haff no burple mice.
I vass vhat you call kidding, chust . . .
Vhen? No hurry. Nodt for almost a
veek vill der—Neffer mind dot. Chust
send der mouse vhen convenient, no?”

  A click.

  And a click in the mind of a mouse
under an icebox. Mitkey stopped nibbling
cheese and looked at it instead. He had
a word for it. Cheese.

  Very softly to himself he said it.
“Cheese.” Halfway between a squeak and
a word it was, for the vocal chords Prxl
had given him were rusty. But the next
time it sounded better. “Cheese,” he said.

  And then, the other two words coming
without his even thinking about it, “Dot
iss cheese.”

  And it frightened him a little, so he
scurried back into the hole in the wall
and the comforting darkness. Then that

became just a bit frightening, too, because
he had a word for that, too. “Vail. Be-
hind der vail.”

  No longer was it just a picture in his
mind. There was a sound that meant it.
It was Very confusing, and the more he
remembered the more confusing it be-
came.

DARKNESS OF NIGHT outside the
professor’s house, darkness within the
wall. But there were bright lights in the
professor’s workroom, and .there was
brightening dimness in Mitkey’s mind as
he watched from a shadowed vantage
point.

  That gleaming metal cylinder on the
workbench—Mitkey had seen its like be-
fore. And he had a word for that, too,
rocket.

  And the big lumbering creature who
worked over it, talking incessantly to him-
self as he worked . . .

  Almost, Mitkey called out “Brofessor!”

  But the caution of mousehood kept him
silent, listening.

  It was like a downhill-rolling snowball

\OUHAEF EARNED PEACE UND PEST,NO? PEACE UNO CHEESE."
64	PLANET

now, that growing memory of Mitkey’s.
Words came back in a rush as the pro-
fessor talked, words and meanings.

  And memories like the erratic shapes
of jig-saw falling one by one into a co-
herent picture.

  “Und der combartment for der mouse—
Hydraulic shock absorbers yet, so der
mouse lands softly-safely. Und der short-
vafe radio dot vill tell me vhether he liffs
in der moon’s admosphere after . . .

  “Admosphere,” and there was contempt
in the professor’s voice. “These vools who
say the moon it hass no admosphere.
Chust because der spegtroscope—”

  But the slight bitterness in the voice of
the professor was nothing to the growing
bitterness in Mitkey’s little mind.

  For Mitkey was Mitkey again, now.
Memory intact, if a bit confused and
spotty. His dreams of Moustralia, and
all.

  His first sight of Minnie after his re-
turn, and the blackout-step onto tinfoil
charged with electricity that had ended all
his dreams. A trap! It had been a trap!

  The professor had double-crossed him,
had given him that shock deliberately to
destroy his intelligence, perhaps even to
kill him, to protect the interests of the
big, awkward lumbering race of men from
intelligent mice!

  Ah, yes, the professor had been smart,
Mitkey thought bitterly. And Mitkey was
glad now that he had not called out “Bro-
fessor!” when it had come to him to do
so. The professor was his enemy!

  Alone and in the dark, he would have
to work. Minnie first, of course. Create
one of the X-19 machines the Prxlians
had showed him how to make, and raise
Minnie’s intelligence level. Then the two
of them—

  It would be hard, working in secret
without the professor’s help, to make that
machine. But maybe . . .

  A bit of wire on the floor under the
workbench. Mitkey saw it and his bright
little eyes gleamed and his whiskers
twitched. He waited until Professor Ober-
burger was looking the other way, and
then softly ran toward the wire, and with
it in his mouth he scurried for the hole
in the wall.

STORIES

  The professor didn’t see him.

  “Und for der uldra-vafe brojector ... ”

  Mitkey safe in darkness with his bit
of wire. A start! More wire, he would
need. A fixed condenser—the professor
would have one, surely. A flashlight cell
—that would be hard to handle. He’d have
to roll it across the floor after the pro-
fessor was asleep. And other things. It
would take him days, but what did time
matter?

  The professor worked late that night,
very late.

  But darkness in the workshop came at
last. Darkness and a very busy little
mouse.

AND BRIGHT MORNING, and the
ringing of a doorbell.

  “Package for Professor—uh—Ober-
burger.”

  “Yah? Vot iss?”

  “Dunno. From the Hartford Labora-
tories, and they said to carry it careful.”

  Holes in the package.

  “Yah, der mouse.”

  The professor signed for it, and then
carried it into the workroom and un-
wrapped the wooden cage.

  “Ah, der vhite mouse. Liddle mouse,
you are going a long, long vay. Vhat shall
ve call you yet? Vhitey, no? Vould you
vant some cheese, Vhitey?”

  Yes, Whitey wanted cheese all right.
He was a sleek, dapper little mouse with
very close-set beady eyes and supercilious
whiskers. And if you can picture a mouse
to be haughty, Whitey was haughty. A
city-slicker type of mouse. A blue-blood
of the laboratories, who had never before
tasted cheese. Nothing so common and
plebian as cheese had entered his vitamin-
infested diet.

  But he tasted cheese and it was Camem-
bert, good enough even for a blue-blood.
And he wanted cheese all right. He ate
with daintiness, a well-bred sort of nibb-
ling. And if mice could smile, he would
have smiled.

  For one may smile and smile and be a
villain.

  “Und now, Vhitey, I show you. I put
der pick-up by your cage, to see if it
iss set to broadcast der vaint sounds you
make eating. Here, I adchust—”

  From the speaker on the corner table
a monstrous champing sound, the magnifi-
cation a thousand times of the sound of
a mouse eating cheese.

  “Yess, it vorks. You see, Vhitey, I
eggsplain—Vhen der rocket on der moon
lands, der combartment door it opens. But
you can nodt get out, yet. There vill be
bars, of balsa vood. You vill be able to
gnaw through them, und you vill do so, to
get out. If you are alife, see?

  “Und der sound of your gnawing vill
be on der ultra shordt-vafe to vhich I
shall stay duned-in, see? So vhen der
rocket lands, I vill listen on my receifer,
und if I hear you gnawing, I vill know
you landed alife.”

  Whitey might well have been appre-
hensive if he had understood what the
professor was saying, but of course he
didn’t. He nibbled on at the Camembert
in blissful supercilious indifference.

  “Und it vill tell me if? I am right about

5—Planet Stories—November

der admosphere, too, Vhitey. Vhen der
rocket lands und der combartment door
opens, der air vill shut off. Unless air iss
on der moon, you vill liff only fife minutes
or less.

  “If you keep on gnawing through der
balsa vood after dot, it is because admo-
sphere iss on der moon und der astrono-
mers und der spegtroscopes are vooling
themselfes. Und vools they are vhen they
vail to subtract der Liebnitz revraction
lines avay from der spectrum, no?”

  Over the vibrant diaphragm of the radio
speaker, the champ-chomp-chomp of chew-
ing cheese.

  Yes, the pick-up worked, beautifully.

  “Und now to install it der rocket

A DAY. A NIGHT. Another day.
Another night.

  A man working on a rocket, and within
the wall behind him a mouse working even
harder to complete something much
smaller, but almost equally as complex.
PLANET

STORIES

The X-19 projector to raise the intelligence
of mice. Of Minnie, first.

  A stolen pencil stub became a coil, a
coil with a graphite core. Across the core,
the stolen condenser, nibbled to within a
microfarad of the exact capacity, and from
the condenser a wire— But even Mitkey
didn’t understand it. He had a blueprint
in his mind of how it was made, but not
of why it worked.

  “Und now der flashlight dry-cell vhich
I stole from der—” Yes, Mitkey, too,
talked incessantly to himself while he
worked. But softly, softly so the professor
wouldn’t hear.

  And from the wall, the rumble of a
deeper gutteral voice:

  “Und now to put der pick-up der com-
bartment in ... ”

  Of men and mice. Hard to say which
was the busier of the two.

*	* *

  Mitkey finished first. The little X-19
projector was not a thing of beauty to
the eye; in fact it resembled the nucleus
of an electrician’s scrap pile. Most defin-
itely it was not streamlined and gleaming
like the rocket in the room outside the
wall. It had rather a Rube Goldberg look
about it.

  But it would work. In every essential
detail it followed the instructions Mitkey
had received from the Prxlian scientists.
The final wire, so.

“Und now to bring mine Minnie ...”
She was cowering in the far corner of
the house. As far as possible from those
strange neuric vibrations that were doing
queer things inside her head.

  There was panic in her eyes as Mitkey
approached. Sheer panic.

  “Mine Minnie, nothing iss to be avraid
about. You must closer come to der bro-
jector und then—und then you vill be an
indelligent mouse, mine Minnie. You vill
dalk goot English, like me yet.”

  For days now she had been puzzled and
apprehensive. The strange actions of her
consort, the strange noises he made that
were not sensible mouse-squeaks at all,
terrified her. Now he was making those
weird noises at her.

  “Mine Minnie, it iss all right. To der
machine you must come closer, und you

vill be able to dalk soon. Almost like me,
Minnie. Yess, der Prxls did things to
mine vocal chords so mine voice it sounds
bedder yet, but effen mitout, you vill be
able to—”

  Gently, Mitkey was trying to wedge his
way in behind her, to push her out of the
corner and edge her in the direction of
the machine behind the wall of the next
room.

  Minnie squealed, and then she ran.

  But alas, only a few feet toward the
projector, and then she turned at right
angles through the hole in the baseboard.
Scurried across the kitchen floor and
through a hole in the screen of the kitchen
door. Outside, and into the high unmown
grass of the yard.

  “Minnie! Mine Minnie! Come back!”

  And Mitkey scurried after her, too late.

  In the foot-high grass and weeds he
lost her completely, without a trace.

  “Minnie! Minnie!”

  Alas, poor Mitkey. Had he remembered
that she was still only a mouse, and had
he squeaked for her instead of calling, she
might have come out from her hiding
place.

  Sadly, he returned and shut off the X-19
projector.

  Later, when she returned, if she
returned, he would figure some way.
Possibly he could move the projector near
her when she was asleep. To play safe,
he could tie her feet first, so that if she
was awakened by the neuric vibrations . . .

NIGHT, and no Minnie.

Mitkey sighed, and waited.

  Outside the wall, the rumble of the
professor’s voice.

  “Ach, effen the bread iss all. No food,
und now I must go out und to der store
yet. Food, it iss such a nuisance people
must eat vhen on something imbortant
they vorlc. But—ach, vhere iss mine hat ?”

  And the opening and closing of the
door.

  Mitkey crept to the mousehole. This
was opportunity to look about out in the
work-shop, to find a bit of soft string
that would serve to tie Minnie’s dainty
little feet.
MITKEY RIDES AGAIN

67

  Yes, the light was on out there, and
the professor was gone. Mitkey scurried
to the middle of the room and looked
around.

  There was the rocket, and it was fin-
ished, as far as Mitkey could see. Probably
now the professor was waiting until the
proper time to fire it. Against one wall
the radio equipment that would pick up
the automatic broadcast from the rocket
when it had landed.

  Lying on the table, the rocket itself.
Beautiful shining cylinder which—if
the professor’s calculations were correct—
would be the first Earth-sent object ever
to reach the moon.

  It caught at Mitkey’s breath to look at

 it.

  “Iss it nodt beautiful, no?”

  Mitkey jumped an inch up in the air.
[That had not been the professor’s voice!
It was a strange, squeaky, grating voice,
a full octave too high for a human larynx.

  A shrill chuckle, and, “Did I vrighten
you ?”

  And Mitkey whirled around again, and
this time located the source of the voice.
The wooden cage on the table. Something
white inside it.

  A white paw reached through the bars
of the door, the latch lifted, and a white
mouse stepped out. His beady-bright eyes
looked down, a bit contemptuously, at the
little gray mouse on the floor below.

  “You are this Mitkey, no, of whom
der brofessor sbeaks?”

  “Yess,” said Mitkey, wonderingly. “Und
you—ach, yess, I see vhat happened. Der
X-19 brojector. It vas in der vail chust
oudside your cage. Und, like me, from
der brofessor you learned to dalk English.
|Vhat iss your name ?”

   “Vhitey, der brofessor calls me. It vill
do. Vhat iss der X-19 brojector, Mitkey?”

  Mitkey told him.

  "Umm,” said Whitey. “Bossibilities I
Bee, many bossibilities. Much more bedder
than a drip to der moon. Vhat are your
(blans for using der brojector?”

  Mitkey told him. The beady-bright eyes
of Whitey grew brighter—and beadier.
But Mitkey didn’t notice.

  “Iff to der moon you are nodt going,”
Mitkey said, “come down. I vill show you

NOJHING. TO DO NOW BUT WAIT... AND HOPE?

vhere to hide der vail inside.”

  “Nodt yet, Mitkey. Look, at dawn
tomorrow takes off der rocket. No hurry
iss. Soon der brofessor comes home. He
vorks around a vhile und dalks, und I
listen. I learn more. Und a vhile he vill
sleep before dawn, und then I eggscape.
Iss easy.”

  Mitkey nodded. “Dot iss smart. Budt
do nodt trust der brofessor. If he learns
you are now indelligent, he vill either
kill you or make sure you do nodt egg-
scape. He is avraid of indelligent mice.
Ach, vootsteps. Get back your cage in, und
be careful.”

  And Mitkey scurried toward the mouse-
hole, then remembered the piece of string
and scurried back after it. The tip of his
tail was just disappearing into the hole as
Professor Oberburger walked into the
room.

“Cheese, Vhitey. Cheese I brought you,
und to put in der combartment of der
rocket too so as you eadt on der vay. You
haff been a goot liddle mouse, Vhitey?”
“Squeak.”

  The professor peered into the cage.
“Almost I thingk you answer me, Vhitey.
You did, yess?”

  Silence. Deep silence from the wooden
cage . . .
68

PLANET STORIES

MITKEY WAITED, and waited
longer.

  No Minnie.

  “Der yard she iss hiding in,” he told
himself reassuringly. “She knows it iss
dangerous to come in vhen iss light. Vhen
dargkness comes—”

  And darkness came.

  No Minnie.

  It was as dark outside now as it was
within the wall. Mitkey sneaked to the
kitchen door and made sure that it was
open and that the hole was still there in
the bottom of the screen.

  He stuck his head through the hole
and called, “Minnie! Mine Minnie!” And
then he remembered she did not speak
English, and squeaked for her instead.
But softly, so the professor in the next
room would not hear him.

  No answer. No Minnie.

  Mitkey sighed and scurried back from
dark corner to dark corner of the_ kitchen
until he had reached safety in the mouse-
hole.

  Just inside he waited. And waited.

  His eyelids grew heavy and dropped.
And he slept, deeply.

  A touch awakened him, and Mitkey
jumped. Then he saw it was Whitey.

  “Shh,” said the white mouse, “der bro-
 fessor is asleep. It iss almost dawn, und
 he has his alarm glock set to go off in an
 hour yet. Then he vill find I am gone. He
 may try to catch a mouse to use instead,
 so ve must hide und not go outside.”

  Mitkey nodded. “Smart you iss, Vhitey.
 But mine Minnie! -She iss—”

  “Iss nothing ve can do, Mitkey. Vait,
before ve hide, show me der X-19 und
how it vorks.”

  “I show you quick, und then I hunt
Minnie before der brofessor vakes. It iss
here.”

  And Mitkey showed him.

  “Und how vould you reduce der power,
Mitkey, so it vould not make a mouse
quite so indelligent as ve are?”

  “Like this,” said Mitkey. “But vhy?”

  Whitey shrugged. “I chust vondered.
Mitkey, der brofessor gafe me a very
sbeeial kind of cheese. Something new,
und I brought you a liddle piece to tty.
Eadt it, und #ien I vill help you find

Minnie. Ve haff almost an hour yet.”
Mitkey tasted the cheese. “Iss nodt
new. Iss Limburger. But hass a very
vunny taste, effen for Limburger.”

  “Vhich do you like bedder?”

  “I don't know, Vhitey. I think I do
nodt like—”

  “Iss an acquired taste, Mitkey. Iss
vonderful. Eadt it all, und you vill like
it”

  So to be polite and to avoid an argu-
ment, Mitkey ate the rest of it.

  “Iss nodt bad,” he said. “Und now ve
look for Minnie”

  But his eyes were heavy, and he yawned.
He got as far as the edge of the mouse-
hole.

  “Vhitey, I must rest a minute. Vill you
vake me in aboudt fife min—”

  But he was asleep, sound asleep,
sounder asleep than he had ever been, be-
fore he finished the sentence.

  Whitey grinned, and became a very
busy little mouse.

HE RINGING of an alarm clock.
Professor Oberburger opened his
eyes sleepily and then remembered the
occasion, and got hastily out of bed.
Within half an hour now, the time.

  He went out behind the house and
inspected the firing rack. It was in order,
and so was the rocket. Except, of course,
that the compartment door was open. No
use to put the mouse in until the last
moment.

  He went indoors again, and carried the
rocket out to the rack. Fitted it very care-
fully into place, and inspected the starter
pin. All in order.

  Ten minutes. Better get the mouse.

  The white mouse was sound asleep in
the wooden cage.

  Professor Oberburger reached into the
cage carefully. “Ach, Vhitey. Now for
your long, long chourney. Boor liddle
mouse, I vill not avaken you if I can help.
More bedder you should sleep until der
cholt of der stardt avakens you.”

   Gently, very gently, he carried his sleep-
ing burden out into the yard and put it in
the compartment.

  Three doors closed. First the inner one,
then the balsa grating, then the outer one.
MITKEY RIDES AGAIN

69

All but the balsa grating would open
automatically when the rocket landed. And
the radio pick-up would broadcast the
sound of the mouse chewing its way
through the balsa.

  If there was atmosphere on the moon.
If, the mouse—

  Eyes on the minute-hand of his watch,
the professor waited. Then the second-
hand. Now—

  His finger touched the accurately-timed
delayed-action starter button, and then
he ran into the house.

 WHOOOSH!

  Trail of fire into the air where the
rocket had been.

  “Gootbye, Vhitey. Boor liddle mouse,
but someday you vill be vamous. Almost
as vamous as mine star-mouse Mitkey
vill be, someday vhen I can bublish—”
Now for the diary entry of the depar-
ture.

- The professor reached for his pen, and
as he did so caught a glimpse of the inside
of his hand, the hand that held the
mouse.

  White it was. Perplexed, he studied it
closer under the light.

  “Vhite paint. Vhere vould I haff picked
up vhite paint ? I haff some, but I haff not
wed it. Nothing on der rocket, nothing
in der room or der yard—

  “Der mouse? Vhitey? I held him so.
But vhy vould der laboratories send me
a mouse painted vhite? I told them any
color vould do—”

  Then the professor shrugged, and went
to wash his hands. It was puzzling, very
puzzling, but it did not matter really.
But why on earth would the laboratoriesi
have done that?

*	* *

  But in the black compartment of the
roaring, soaring rocket. Moon-bound and
bust.

  Doped Limburger cheese.

  Black treachery.

  White paint.

  Alas, poor Mitkey! Moonward-bound,
without a ticket back.

NIGHT, and it had been raining in
Hartford. The professor hadn’t been
able to follow the rocket through his tele-

scope.

  But it was up there all right, and going
strong.

  The radio pick-up told him that. Roar
of the jets, so loud he couldn’t tell whether
or not the mouse inside was alive or not.
But it probably was, hadn’t Mitkey sur-
vived on the trip to Prxl?

  Finally, he turned off the lights to take
a cat-nap in his chair. When he awoke,
maybe the rain would have stopped.

  His head nodded, his eyes closed. And
after a while, he dreamed that he opened
them again. He knew he was dreaming
because of what he saw.

  Four little white spots moving across
the floor from the door.

  Four little white spots that might have
been mice, but couldn’t be—unless they
were dream mice—because they moved
with military precision, in an exact rect-
angle. Almost like soldiers.

  And then a sound, too faint for him to
distinguish, and the four white spots
abruptly fell into a single file and disap-
peared, one by one at precise intervals,
against the. baseboard.

  The professor woke, and chuckled to
himself.

  “Vot a dream! I go to sleep thinking
of der vhite mouse und vhite paint on
mein hands und I dream—”

  He stretched and yawned, and stood up.

  But a small white spot, a white some-
thing had just appeared at the baseboard
of the room again. Another joined it. The
professor blinked his eyes and watched
them. Could he be dreaming, standing up?

  A scraping sound, something being
shoved across the floor, and as the first
two white spots moved away from the
wall, two more appeared. Again in rect-
angular formation, they started across the
floor toward the door.

    And the scraping continued. Almost
as though the four—could they be white
mice?—were moving something, two of
them pulling it and two pushing.

  But that was silly.

  He reached out beside him for the
switch of the light, and clicked it. The
light momentarily blinded him.

  “Stobp!” High and shrill and command-
ing.
70

PLANET

STORIES

  The professor could see again now, and
it was four white mice. They had been
moving something, a strange little object
fashioned around what looked like one of
the cells of his own pencil-type flashlight.

  And three of the mice were now doing
the moving, frantically, and the fourth had
stepped between him and the strange ob-
ject. It pointed what seemed to be a small
tube at the professor’s face.

  “If you moofe, I gill you,” shrilled the
mouse with the tube.

  It wasn’t completely the threat of the
tube that kept the professor motionless.
He was simply too surprised to move.
Was the mouse with the tube Whitey?
Looked like him, but then they all looked
like Whitey, and anyway Whitey was on
his way to the moon.

 “But vot—who—vhy—?”

  The three mice with the burden were
even now vanishing through the hole in
the screen door. The fourth mouse backed
after them.

  Just inside the screen door, he paused.
“You are a vool, Brofessor,” he said.
“All men are vools. Ve mice vill take
care uf that.”

  And it dropped the tube and vanished
through the hole.

  Slowly the professor walked over and
picked up the weapon the white mouse had
dropped. It was a match-stick. Not a tube
or a weapon at all, just a burned safety
match.

  The professor said, “But how—vhy—?”
He dropped the match as though it were
hot, and took out a big handkerchief to
mop his forehead.

 “But how—und vhy—/"

  He stood there what seemed to be a
long time, and then slowly he went to the
icebox and opened it. Back in a far cor-
ner of it was a bottle.

  The professor was practically a teeto-
taler, but there comes a time when even
a teetotaler needs a drink. This was it.
He poured a stiff one.

*	* *

Night, and it was raining in Hartford.
Old Mike Cleary, watchman for the
Hartford Laboratories, was taking a drink,
too. In weather like this, a man with rheu-
matism in his bones needed a drink to

warm his insides after that walk across
the yard in the rain.

  “A foine night, for ducks,” he said,
and because that drink had not been the
first, he chuckled at his own wit.

  He went on into building number three,
through the chemical stockroom, the meter
room, the shipping room. His lantern,
swinging at his side, sent grotesque shad-
ows before him.

  But these shadows didn’t frighten Mike
Cleary; he’d chased them through this
building for nights of ten years now.

  He opened the door of the live-stock
room to look in, and then left it wide
behind him and went on in. “Begorra,”
he said, “and how did that happen ?’’

  For the doors of two of the large cages
of white mice were open, wide open. They
hadn’t been open when he’d made his last
round two hours before.

  Holding his lantern high, he looked into
the cages. They were both empty. Not a
mouse in either.

  Mike Cleary sighed. They’d blame him
for this, of course.

  Well, and let them. A few white mice
weren’t worth much, even if they took it
out of his salary. Sure, let them take it
out if they thought it was his fault.

  “Misther Williams,” he’d tell the boss,
“those doors were closed when I went
by the first time, and open when I went
by the second, and I say the catches on
them were worthless and dee-fective, but
if you want to blame me, sorr, then just
deduct the value of the—”

  A faint sound behind him made him
whirl around.

  There in a corner of the room was a
white mouse, or what looked like a white
mouse. But it wore a shirt and trousers,
and—•

  “Ye Gods,” said Mike Cleary, and he
said it almost reverently. “Is it the d. t’s.
that I’m—”

  And another thought struck him. “Or
can it be, sorr, that you are one of the
little folk, please, sorr?”

  And he swept off his hat with a trem-
bling hand.

  “Nudts!” said the white mouse. And,
like a streak, it was gone.

  There was sweat on Mike Cleary’s fore-
MITKEY RIDES AGAIN

71

head, and sweat trickling down his back
and under his armpits.

“Got them,” he said. “Oi’ve got them!”

And quite illogically, since that was
now his firm belief, he took the pint bottle
from his hip pocket and finished the rest
of its contents at a single gulp.

Darkness, and roaring.

And it was the sudden cessation
of the roaring sound that wakened Mit-
key. Wakened him to utter and stygian
Slackness of a confined space. His head
ached and his stomach ached.

And then, suddenly, he knew where he
was. The rocket!

The jets had stopped firing, and that
meant he was over the line and falling,
■falling toward the moon.

But how—? Why—?

  He remembered the radio pick-up that
would be broadcasting sounds from the
rocket to the professor’s ultra-shott-wave
receiver, and he called out despairingly,
“Brofessor! Brofessor Oberburger! Help!
It iss—”

  And then another sound drowned him
out.	>

  A whistling sound, a high shrill sound
that could only be the rush of the rocket
through air, through an atmosphere.

  The moon ? Was the professor right and
the astronomers wrong about the moon, or
was the rocket falling back to earth?

  At any rate, the vanes were gripping
now, and the rocket was slowing rather
than accelerating.

  A sudden jerk almost knocked the
breath out of him. The parachute vanes
were opening now. If they would—
72

PLANET STORIES

  Crash!

  And again blackness behind the eyes of
Mitkey as well as before them. Blackout
in blackness, and when two doors clicked
open to admit light through balsa bars,
Mitkey did not see them.

  Not at first, and then he wakened and
groaned.

  His eyes came to focus first on the
wooden bars, and then through them.

  “Der moon,” he muttered. He reached
through the balsa-bar gate and unlatched it.
Fearfully, he stuck his little gray nose out
of the door and looked around.

  Nothing happened.

  He pulled his head back in and turned
around to face the microphone.

  “Brofessor! Can you hear me, Brofes-
sor? Iss me, Mitkey. Dot Vhitey, he
double-grosses us. Vhite paint I got on
me, so I know vhat happened. You vere
nodt in on it, or der vhite paint vould not
be.	*

  “It vas dreachery, Brofessor! By mine
own kind, a mouse, I vas double-grossed.
Und Vhitey— Brofessor, he has der X-19
brojector now! I am avraid vhat he may
be blanning. Iss wrong, or he vould haf
told me, no?”

  Then silence, and Mitkey thinking
deeply.

  “Brofessor, I got to get back. Nodt for
me, but to stop Vhitey! Maybe you can
help. Loogk, I can change der broadcaster
here into a receifer, I think. It should be
easy; receifers are simpler, no? Und you
quick build a ultra-shordt sender like this
vun.

  “Yess I stardt now. Goot-bye, Bro-
fessor. I change der vires.”

*	* *

  “Mitkey, can you hear me, Mitkey?

  “Mitkey, loogk, I giff instructions now
und I rebeat effery half hour for a vhile,
in gase you gannot get der first time.

  “Virst, vhen you haf heard insdructions,
shudt off der set to safe bower. You vill
need all der bower left in der batteries to
stardt again. So do not broadcast again.
Do nodt answer me.

  “Aboudt aiming und calculating, later.
Virst, check der fuel left in der dubes.
I used more than vas needed, und I think
it vill be enough because to leaf der light-

grafity moon vill need much much less
bower than to leaf der earth. Und ...”
And over and over, the professor re-
peated it. There were gaps, there were
things he himself could not know how to
do without being there, but Mitkey might
be able to find the answers.

  Over and over he repeated the adjust-
ments, the angle of aiming, the timing.
Everything except how Mitkey could move
the rocket to turn it, to aim it. But Mitkey
was a smart mouse, the professor knew.
Maybe with levers, somehow—if he could
find levers—

  Over and over and far into the night,
until the good professor’s voice was hoarse
with fatigue, and until at last, right in the
middle of the nineteenth repetition, he
fell sound asleep.

  Bright sunlight when he awakened, and
the clock on the shelf striking eleven. He
rose and stretched his cramped muscles,
sat down again and leaned forward to the
microphone.

  “Mitkey can you—”

  But no, there was no use in that. Unless
Mitkey had heard one of his earlier send-
ings the night before, it would be too late
now. Mitkeys batteries—the rocket’s bat-
teries—would be worn out by now if he
still had the set connected.

  Nothing to do now but wait, and hope.
The hoping was hard, and the waiting
was harder.

  Night. Day. Night. And nights and
days until a week had gone by. Still no
Mitkey.

  Again, as once before, the professor
had set his wire cage trap and caught
Minnie. Again, as before, he took good
care of her.

  “Mine Minnie, maybe soon your Mitkey
vill be back mit us.

  “Budt Minnie, vhy can’t you dalk, like
him yet ? If he made an eggs-19 brojector,
vhy did he nodt use it on you? I do nodt
understand. Vhy?”

  But Minnie didn’t tell him why, because
she didn’t know. She watched him sus-
piciously, and listened, but she wouldn’t
talk. Not until Mitkey got back did they
find out why. And then—paradoxically—•
only because Mitkey had not yet taken time
to remove the white paint. /
MITKEY RIDES AGAIN	73

MITKEY’S LANDING was a good
one. He was able to crawl away
from it, and after a while to walk.

  But it had been in Pennsylvania, and
it had taken him two days to reach Hart-
ford. Not afoot, of course. He had hidden
at a filling station until a truck with a,
Connecticut license had come along, and
when it took on gasoline, it took Mitkey,
too.

  A last few miles on foot, and then at
last—

  “Brofessor! Iss me, Mitkey.”

  “Mitkey! Mein Mitkey! Almost I had
giffen up hope to see you. Tell me how
you—”

  “Layder, Brofessor. I tell you all, lay-
der. Virst, vhere iss Minnie? You haff
her? She vas lost vhen—”

  “In der cage, Mitkey. I kept her safe
for you. Now I can release her, no?"

  And he opened the door of the wire
cage. Minnie came out, hesitantly.

  “Master,” she said. And it was at
Mitkey she was looking.

  “Vot?”

  She repeated, “Master. You are a vhite
mouse. I am your slafe.”

  “Vot?” said Mitkey again, and he
looked at the professor. “Vot iss? She
speaks, budt—”

  The professor’s eyes were wide. “I do
not know, Mitkey. Neffer she speaks to
me. I did not know dot she— Vait, she
says about vhite mice. Maybe she—”
“Minnie,” said Mitkey, “do you nodt
know me?”

  “You are a vhite mouse, master. So I
speak to you. Ve are nodt to speak except
to der vhite mouses. I did not speak, so,
until now.”

  “Who? Minnie, who are nodt to speak
except to vhite mouses?”

  “Us gray mouses, master.”

  Mitkey turned to Professor Oberburge.r.
“Professor, I think I begin to understand.
It is vorse than I— Minnie, vot are der
gray mouses subbosed to do for der vhite
mouses ?”

  “Anything, master. Ve are your slafes,
ve are your vorkers, ve are your soldiers.
Ve obey der Emperor, and all der other
vhite mouses. Und virst all der gray
mouses vill be taught to vork und to

fight. Und then—”

  “Vait, Minnie. I haf an idea. How
mudch iss two und two?”

  “Four, master.”

  “How mudch iss thirdeen und tvelf?’’
  “I do not know, master.”

  Mitkey nodded. “Go back der cage in.”
He turned again to the professor. “You
see? A liddle, nodt mudch, he raises der
lefel of indelligence of der gray mice. Der
zero-two leffel, vhich iss his—so he iss
chusdt a liddle smarter than der other
vhite mice, und many dimes as smardt as
der ordinary mice, who they vill use as
solchers und vorkers. Iss diabolical, no?”
“It is diabolical, Mitkey. I—I did not
thingk mice could be so low—so low as
some men, Mitkey.”

  “Brofessor, I am ashamed of mine kind.
I see now mine ideas of Moustralia, und
men und mice liffing in beace—they vere
dreams. I vas wrong, Brofessor. Budt no
dime to think aboudt dreams—ve must
act!”

  “How, Mitkey? Shall I delephone der
bolice und ask them to arrest—”

  “No. Men can nodt stop them, Bro-
fessor. Mice can hide from men. They
haf hidden from men all their lifes. A
million bolicemen, a million solchiers
could not vind Vhitey der First. I must
do it meinself.”

  “You, Mitkey? Alone?”

  “It iss for that I came back from der
moon, Brofessor. I am as smardt as he
iss—I am der only mouse as smardt as
Vhitey iss.”

  “But he has der vhite mice—der other
vhite mice mit him. He has guards/prob-
ably. Vot could you do alone?”

  “I could vind der machine. Der eggs-
nineteen brojector vot raised their indel-
ligence. You see?”

  “But vot could you do, Mitkey, mit der
machine? They are already—”

  “I could shordt-circuit it, Brofessor.
Referse der derminals und shordt-circuit it,
und it vould kick oudt in vun flash—und
make normal again all der artificially-
raised indelligence mitin a mile from it.”
“Budt, Mitkey, you vould be there, too.
It vould destroy your own indelligence.
You vould do dot?”

  “I vould, und I vill. For der vorld, und
74	PLANET

for beace. Budt I haff an ace up der sleefe,
maybe. Maybe I get mine indelligence
back.”

  “How, Mitkey?”

LITTLE GRAY MAN with his head
bent low over a white-painted little
gray mouse, the two of them discussing
high heroism and the fate of the world.
And neither saw that it was funny
—or was it?

  “How, Mitkey?”

  “Ve renew der vhite paint virst. So I
can vool them und get by der guards. It
vill be in or near der Hartford Labora-
tories, I belief—vhere Vhitey came from,
und vhere he finds der other white mice
to vork mit him.

  “Und segund, also before I leafe here, I
make another brojector, see? Und I raise
Minnie’s leffel of indelligence to mine, und
teach her how to oberate der brojector.
See?

  “Und vhen I lose mine indelligence in
shordting der machine at der laboratories,
I still haff mine normal indelligence und
mine instinct—und I think these vill bring
me back here to mine house und mine
Minnie!”

  The professor nodded. “Eggcellent.
Und der laboratories iss three miles avay
from here, und der shordt vill nodt affect
Minnie. Then she can restore you, hein?”

  “Yess. I need vire, der vinest vire you
haff. Und—”

  Rapidly this time, the projector grew.
This time Mitkey had help, expert help,
and could ask for what he wanted instead
of having to steal it in darkness.

  Once while they worked the professor
remembered something. “Mitkey!” he said
suddenly, “you vere on der moon! I al-
most forgodt to ask you aboudt it. Vot
vas it like?”

  “Brofessor, I vas so vorried aboudt
getting back, I did nodt notice. I forgodt
to look!”

  And then the final connections, which
Mitkey insisted on making himself.

  “Nodt that I do nodt trust you, Bro-
fessor,” he explained earnestly, “But it
vas a bromise, to der Prxlian scientists
who taught me. Und I do nodt know how
it vorks myself, und you vould nodt un-

STORIES

derstand, either. It iss beyond der science
of men und mice. But I bromised, so I
make der connections alone.”

   “I understand, Mitkey. It iss all right.
But der other brojector, der vun you vill
shordt—maybe somevun might find it und
rebair der shordt?”

   Mitkey shook his head.

   “Iss hobeless. Vunce it is ruined, no vun
vill ever make head or tail of how it
vorked. Nodt effen you could, Brofessor.”
Near the cage—now with the door
closed again—in which Minnie waited. The
final wire, and a click.

  And gradually, Minnie’s eyes changed.
Mitkey talking rapidly, explaining to
her. Giving her the facts and the plans

UNDER THE FLOOR of the main
building of the Hartford Labora-
tories, it was dark. But enough light came
through a few cracks for the keen eyes
of Mitkey to see that the mouse who had
just challenged him was a white mouse,
carrying a short club.

  “Who iss?”

  “Iss me,” said Mitkey. “I chust egg-
scaped vrom der big cage ubstairs. Vot
giffs?”

  “Goot,” said the white mouse. “I vill
take you to der Emperor of der Mices.
To him, und to der machine he made, you
owe your indelligence und your alle-
chiance.”

  “Who iss he?” asked Mitkey innocently.
“Vhitey der First. Emperor of der vhite
mices, who are der rulers of all der mice
und layder der rulers of all der—But
you vill learn all vhen you take der oath.”
“You sboke of a machine,” said Mitkey.
“Vot iss, und vhere iss it?”

   “In der party headquarters, vhere I now
take you. This vay.”

  And Mitkey followed the white mouse.
As he followed, he asked, “How many
of us intelligent vhite mice iss there?”
“You vill be der twenty-virst.”

  “Und all tventy iss here?”

  “Yess, und ve are draining der 9lafe
battalion of gray mice, who vill vork und
fight for us. Iss now a hundred of them
already. Der barracks is vhere they liff.”
“How far iss der barracks from der
headquarters?”
MITKEY RIDES AGAIN

75

  “Teri, maybe tvelff yards.”

  “Iss goot,” said Mitkey.

  The last turn of the passage, and there
was the machine, and there was Whitey.
Other white mice were seated in a semi-
circle around him, listening.

  “—und der negst moof iss to— Vot iss
this, Guard?”

  “A new recruit, Your Highness. He
chust eggscaped, and he vill choin us.”
“Goot,” said Whitey. “Ve are discuss-
ing vorld blans, but ve vill vait until ve
haff giffen you der oath. Stand by der
machine, mit vun hand on der cylinder
und vun hand raised tovard me, palm
vorward.”

  “Yess, Your Highness,” said Mitkey,
and he moved around the semi-circle of
mice toward the machine.

  “Iss so.” said Whitey. “Der hand higher.
Dot’s it. Now rebeat: Der vhite mice is to
rule der vorld.”

  “Der vhite mice iss fo rule der vorld.”

  “Gray mice, und other creatures inclu-
ding men, vill be their slafes.”

  “Gray mice, und other creatures inclu-
ding men, vill be their slafes.”

  “Those who obchect vill be tortured und
hilledr

  “Those who obchect vill be tortured und
killed.”

  “Und Vhitey der First shall rule ofer
all”

  “Dot’s vot you think,” said Mitkey, and
he reached in among the wires of the X-19
projector and touched two of them to-
gether . . .

THE PROFESSOR AND MINNIE

were waiting. The professor seated
in his chair, Minnie on the table beside the
new projector Mitkey had made before he
left.

  “Three hours und tventy minutes,” said
the professor. “Minnie, do you subbose
anything could haff gone wrong?”

  “I hobe nodt, Brofessor . . . Brofessor,
iss mice habbier mit indelligence ? Vould
nodt indelligent mice be unhabby ?”

“You are unhabby, mein Minnie?”
“Und Mitkey, too, Brofessor. I could
tell. Indelligence is vorry und drouble—

und in der vail und mit all der cheese
you pudt under der icebox, ve vas so
habby, Brofessor.”

  “Maybe, Minnie. Maybe only drouble
do brains bring to mice. As to men,
Minnie.”

  “But men, they cannot help it, Bro-
fessor. They are born that vay. If it vas
meant for mice to be smardt, they vould
be born so, iss not?”

  The professor sighed. “Maybe you are
a smardter mouse, effen, than Mitkey. Und
I am vorried, Minnie, aboudt— Look, iss
him!”

  Small gray mouse, most of the paint
worn off of him and the rest dirtied to his
own gray color, slinking along the wall.

  Pop, into the mouse-hole in the base-
board.

  “Minnie, iss him! He sugceeded! Now
I set der cage drap, so I can pudt him on
der table by der machine— Or vait, iss not
necessary. It vill broject to affect Mitkey
behind der vail. Chust svitch it on und—”

  “Gootbye, Brofessor,” said Minnie. She
reached forward to the machine, and too
late the professor saw what she was going
to do.

  “Squeak!”

  And just a small gray mouse on a table,
running frantically around looking for a
way down. In the center of the table, a
small, complex, short-circuited machine
that would never work again.

  “Squeak!”

  The professor picked her up gently.

  “Minnie, mein Minnie! Yess, you vere
right. You und Mitkey vill be habbier so.
But I vish you had vaited—chust a liddle.
I vanted to talk to him vunce more,
Minnie. But—”

  The professor sighed and put the gray
mouse down on the floor.

  “Veil, Minnie, now to your Mitkey you
can—”

  But instructions were too late, and quite
unnecessary, even if Minnie had under-
stood them. The little gray mouse was now
a little gray streak in the direction of the
baseboard mousehole.

  And then from a sheltered darkness
deep within the wall, the professor
heard two joyful little squeaks . . .
  • THE LAST

 Aram Jerrold watched helplessly as Santane's beast-rockets screamed
 into the Void bearing madness to the Thirty Suns, and knew that this was
 cosmic Armageddon . . the crimson horror of Space-war would smash'
 Galactic Civilization utterly and forever! Yet in his tortured mind a voice
 from the past commanded: "You must save something from the ruins!"

76
TWO ALIVEI

The verdict, thought

Aram Jerrold wearily, would be
death. The Supreme Council itself
would demand it. He had rebelled against
the Tetrarchy—rebelled senselessly, des-
perately, without hope of success or escape
—and the reckoning had come. The Gov-

ernment of the Thirty Suns would demand
his life . . . more, if the science of the
Security Police were up to it. Aram re-
pressed a shudder. He knew that science
well. No one rose to a position of com-
mand in the Thirty Sims Navy or to mem-
bership in the Executive Committee of

77
PLANET STORIES

78

the Tetrarchy without respect for the
methods of the dread Greens.

  The courtroom was dark, a pattern of
sombre hues calculated to impress a pris-
oner with the futility of hope. It had been
weeks since Jerrold had seen the sun.
Weeks of endless interrogation and re-
peated narcosynthesis. He had been shunted
from Bureau to Bureau, from Department
to Department, each set of cogs in the vast
governmental machinery of the Terminus
probing him for evidence of sabotage or
rebellion within its own structure. He had
been badgered, beaten, drugged and
threatened. Now, at last, the end of the
ordeal seemed near. There remained only
the sentence of death to be passed—the
method and place decided upon—and it
would be done with. The ponderous bu-
reaucracy of the Tetrarchy had wrung him
dry, and now it prepared to cast him aside,
satisfied that his rebellion was a purely
personal aberration and not part of a
widespread plot against the stability of
galactic tyranny.

  The drugs had clouded his vision, giving
a nightmare mistiness to the shadowy
courtroom. Jerrold could see that the room
was empty but for the guards and clerks
and the black-masked tribunes. It would
not do, of course, to let the people know
that one of the chosen masters—a member
of the Executive Committee—had sud-
denly become an insubordinate rebel and
traitor.

  Behind him a door opened, splitting the
gloom with a fleeting wedge of light. The
wedge vanished and Aram Jerrold heard
again the light, crisp footsteps. He knew
without looking that it was Deve Jennet.
She had been in the courtroom every day,
giving testimony, slamming doors in his
face. Doors that might possibly have led
to freedom. Every day she had driven
another rivet into the chains of evidence
that bound him, methodically, deliberately.

  She passed by him without turning her
head and took a seat near the tribune’s dais.
Jerrold stared at her through the mist that
swam sickeningly before his eyes. Dimly,
the memory of her as she had been before
this nightmare came to him. He remem-
bered her, soft and yielding in his arms
through the long nights of Terminus.

Nights filled with tenderness and longing
talk of freedom for the two of them some-
where beyond the stars.

  This was the same woman, but changed.
The lustrous dark eyes were the same, and
the full lips. The same pale hair and slim
body. But it sat encased in a severely cut
uniform, all femininity gone from it. The
uniform was green. The hated color of the
Security Police . . .

  Jerrold had heard again all the words
that he had spoken to her through those
nights. Only this time the words had been
retold to three masked judges and their
clerk. This time, the words had had a
ring of doom.

  At first Aram had suffered the tortures
of the damned wondering why Deve had
betrayed him. He had known well enough
her high connections in the Supreme
Council and he had known that she served
as a member of the Greens. But he had
imagined that she loved him, and he had
been stupid enough to trust her. Now,
after weeks of ordeal, it seemed to matter
no longer. Jerrold wanted only to rest.

ON THE DAIS, one of the black-
masked figures was speaking. Aram
leaned forward painfully to catch what
was being said.

  “This court wishes to go on record as
favoring a severe reprimand for the Bu-
reau of Psychometrics personnel involved
in the testing of Aram Jerrold. His inher-
ent instability should have been uncovered
long before he was appointed to the Ex-
ecutive Committee. Only the chance use of
a mental probe on him—at the request of
the Security Police—” he nodded toward
Deve Jennet, “—prevented serious incon-
venience to the Government of the Thirty
Suns. Such negligence cannot be tolerated
in so vital a Bureau.”

  He paused while the clerk recorded his
remarks, then continued: “Aram Jerrold,
you have been convicted of treason against
the Government of the Thirty Suns. You
have been proved guilty of attempting to
use your position as an officer of the
Thirty Suns Navy to steal a spacecraft
and escape from the dominance of your
government. You have disgraced your uni-
form and your high office as a member of
THE LAST TWO ALIVE!

79

the Executive Committee of the Supreme
Council of the Government of the Thirty
Suns—” The hooded man rolled the son-
orous phrases off his tongue with obvious
relish. “Have you anything to say before
the sentence of the court is passed?”
Jerrold looked at Deve Jennet. She sat
motionless, her body tense in the green
Police uniform. It was hard for Jerrold
to speak. The druggings and violent inter-
rogations had left him weak. Yet a spark
of rebellion remained. Enough to lash out
against his tormentors for one last time.

  “I ... I want only to say,” he began
thickly, “that . . . what I have done . . .
I would do again, gladly. I was sick of
oppression . . . tired of not . . . daring
even to think a thought of my own. Sick of
pompous bureaucratic tyranny . . .” Jer-
rold drew a shuddering breath. “The Tet-
rarchy rules thirty star-systems . . . but
thirty star systems are not the Universe.
Somewhere, I thought . . . there must be
freedom. My crime . . . was failure . . .
nothing more!”

  “Enough!” The tribune’s voice shook
with sudden anger. “This court is not con-
vened to listen to treasonous tirades 1 The
clerk will strike the prisoner’s remarks
from the record!”

  Darkness flickered momentarily at the
edges of Jerrold’s field of vision. He felt
spent by his effort at defiance. He forced
himself to stand erect.

  “The sentencing will proceed!”

  “The prisoner will face the Standard!”
intoned the clerk.

Aram raised his eyes to the

hated symbol on the wall behind the
judges’ dais. Long habit made him square
his shoulders under the tattered remains
of his blue uniform. He stared up at the
Standard of the Tetrarchy’s Spaceship and
Sun, despising everything it stood for.

  “Aram Jerrold, traitor and rebel: you
are sentenced by this court to death by
slow disintegration! For the safety of the
Tetrarchy!”

  The words fell like stones from the lips
of the masked tribune into the fragile
silence of the vaulted chamber.

  In spite of himself, Jerrold flinched.
Sometimes men survived weeks of torment

under the cancerous rays of the disinteg-
rators . . .

  One of the judges spoke in low tones to
his colleagues.

  “We have received a request from Kai-
dor V, gentlemen. Provincial Governor
Santane asks that this sentence be com-
muted to life imprisonment on Kaidor V
so that the prisoner may be used in some
experimental work now in progress there.”

  Aram could feel his stomach muscles
tightening and the weakness seeping into
his knees. The disintegrators would be
preferable to becoming an experimental
animal on Kaidor V. The Kaidor province
was the farthest of the Thirty Suns, and
the arsenal of the Tetrarchy. The ghastli-
est of the Tetrarchy’s weapons came from
Kaidor, and they had to be tested there
... on living men.

  “It seems,” muttered one of the tribunes
pettishly, “that every time a naval officer
is convicted of anything a request comes
through from Kaidor that he be turned
over to Santane. One would imagine
Governor Santane is building a navy!”
He shuffled the papers before him while
the others waited. “Still,” he continued
thoughtfully, “it would be politically un-
wise to execute this prisoner here on Ter-
minus. The spacemen of his command are
based here and there is no point in stirring
up trouble in the Fleet ... I am inclined
to recommend acceptance of this offer to
take him off our hands.”

  “Objection, sirs!” Jerrold looked about
to see that Deve Jennet was on her feet,
addressing the members of the tribunal.

  “As you know, sirs,” she was saying
crisply, “I have the good fortune to be one
of the lesser members of the Executive
Committee in my office as liason officer
from Security. I feel it only fair to warn
you that the Supreme Council would be
extremely displeased if this prisoner
should escape with his life. It is felt that
an example must be made of him. If it
is unwise to carry out the sentence here
on Terminus, I will be happy to arrange
a transfer to Altmion IV. On the Green
planet there will be no possibility of
trouble by Fleet members. I must insist
that you accede to the wishes of the
Council. Aram Jerrold must die in the
i

80	PLANET

disintegrators. No other course of action
will be acceptable to the Supreme .Coun-
cil !”

  The three judges conferred among
themselves and then the senior spoke
again. The tone of his voice indicated all
too well the awe in which the Supreme
Council and all its appendages was held
by members of the Judicial Department
of the Thirty Suns Government.

  “This court was not aware that the
Supreme Council had any special desires
concerning the disposition of this case.
Had it been known to us earlier, we would
not have considered even for a moment
the request of Provincial Governor San-
tane.”

   “The Supreme Council, gentlemen,” re-
turned Deve Jennet stiffly, “has an interest
in this case, as I have indicated to you. It
has been communicated to you in the prop-
er time and form. I await your action on it.”
“Of course, Leader Jennet, of course.
It was not our intention to question the
policies of the Council!” The judge sig-
nalled the guards.

  “Aram Jerrold is hereby remanded to
the custody of the Security Police, to be
transported by first available spaceship to
Atmion IV, there to be put to death in the
manner prescribed by Directive 25-A-38
governing Execution of Convicted Persons
Above the Rank of Commander. Remove
the prisoner!”

  Aram passed near Deve Jennet as she
replied: “It will be so reported, gentle-
men.” And then looking somberly at Jer-
rold she added, “I myself will go to
Atmion IV to see to it that this prisoner
is accorded the treatment he deserves.”
Aram stumbled out of the courtroom
under guard. Deve’s final words rang
strangely in his ears, a perplexing threnody
of the dreams they had shared in the
hazy past. He had the odd feeling that in
spite of the things that had passed, the
end was not yet . . .

*	* *

  Of the flight out to Atmion, Jerrold
remembered almost nothing. The iron de-
termination that had kept him on his feet
during the last days of his trial failed him
at last and the reaction of the drugging9

STORIES

he had suffered hit him . . . hard. He
writhed in the agonies of addiction for the
duration of the trip out from Terminus.
He knew vaguely that he lay in the prison
ship’s infirmary, strapped to a bunk. The
discomforts of acceleration and the shift
into second-stage flight above light speed
added themselves to> his tortures and filled
his nightmares with nauseating spectres.
For two weeks Jerrold went through sheer
hell as his drug-saturated system screamed
for more narcotics. None were given.

  By the time the huge prison ship
touched down on the dread world of the
Greens, Aram Jerrold was. on his way
back. Spent, weak and emaciated, he heard
the landing alarms and knew that he would
live to face the disintegrators.

ATMION IV, the only habitable planet
.of a star-system bizarre and hateful!
Three suns in the smoky sky, air that
tasted of brimstone and ashes. Heavy,
deadening gravity. A world of hot rain
that fell daily out of the hazy cloud can-
opy, a desert at periaston and quagmire
at apastron. Barren ground and a turbu-
lent, sulphuric sea.

  The three suns blazed through the over-
cast as the prison ship settled into the
steaming mud that was the spaceport.
Scalding rain sluiced down the long flanks
of the vessel, corrosive and fetid.

  Aram Jerrold knew of Atmion IV. No
officer in the Fleet did not. It was a foul
planet, a world unwanted by any of the
many Bureaus, and as such the perfect
prison world. The planet of the Greens.
On all its vast hulk there was only one
settlement. The Green Fortress. Political
exiles and condemned prisoners from all
over the Tetrarchy of the Thirty Suns
were brought to the Fortress on Atmion

IV.	None ever returned.

  Aram remembered that Atmion lay in
the Twenty Ninth Decant, only four light
years from Kaidor on the very periphery
of the Tetrarchy. These were the outpost
systems, the suns far from mighty Ter-
minus and the center of the teeming life of
the galaxy. These were the hinterlands
of empire, sullen, unknown, unwanted.

  The Green Fortress proper stood on a
high crag, etched against the smoky grey
THE LAST TWO ALIVE!

81

of Atmion IV’s eternal overcast. Standing
in the open port of the prison ship, Jerrold
could see the black bulk of the turreted
stronghold through the curtain of driving
rain. The spaceport was a sea of mud that
still boiled in places from the heat of the
great starship’s landing jets.

   Chained in a long line, the human cargo
 of the vessel was herded through the rain
 and mud toward an electrified wire enclo-
 sure. Aram smiled wryly at that evidence
 of “Security.” What need was there for it
 on this world ? Where could a prisoner go
 if he should find himself on the other side
 of the wire barrier? It was likely, Jerrold
 thought, that there was a Directive on it
 from Terminus, and that accounted for
 the electrified wire.

   He estimated that there were perhaps
 nine hundred men and women in the
 human chain that stretched from the star-
 ship to the long reception buildings within
 the enclosure. The chaff of heterodoxy—
 cast off by the single-track machinery of
 galactic bureaucracy.

   The Greens drove the sodden prisoners
 through the gates without rancor or inter-
 est. It was as though the prisoners had
 ceased to be human once they crossed the
 line that excluded them from the society
 of free men.

   Inside the long, draughty shelters, the
 prisoners were stripped naked, men and
 women alike, run through cleansing water
 'jets, dried, clothed and photographed.
 Then they were broken into groups and
 registered by Greens sitting in armored
 cubicles within the walls. There was a
 • machine-like efficiency to the bureaucratic
 procedure on this level. Aram Jerrold had
 the impression that the operation would
 continue to run by sheer momentum
 . should higher authority suddenly try to
 halt it . . .

 JERROLD presented himself before a
 Green of about forty, a man with a
 thin, tired face and colorless eyes, who
 codified the information given him, look-
 ing up at the prisoner with no apparent
 interest. Quite abruptly, he emerged from
 his cubicle, signalling another Green to
 take his place.

 .1 6—Planet Stories—November

  “You,” he said tf Aram; “come with
me.”

  Jerrold followed the Green out of the
reception building and out into the rain.
For a wild moment, Aram had the impulse
to try an escape, but the thought died
stillborn. Escape was plainly impossible.
There was simply no place to go—even if
he could shake free of his guard and
the others stationed about the enclosure.
The prison ship was being refuelled a
short distance from the reception pen, but
the valves were closed and guarded.

  Presently Jerrold and his guide reached
a shaft imbedded in the side of the crag,
atop which sat the grim Fortress. Aram
turned his eyes upward. The great, bas-
tioned stronghold seemed to crouch on
the crest of the cliff. On the highest turret,
a green banner emblazoned with a golden
Spaceship and Sun hung sodden and limp
in the falling rain.

  With no hesitation, the Green stationed
at the guard-post by the shaft entrance
signalled Aram and his guide through.
There was a short walk up a spiralling
ramp and then they stood before what
appeared to be simply a blank wall. Jer-
rold stared in perplexity as his guard took
a bit of metal from his tunic and held it
to the wall.

  “Isotope,” said the guard shortly, “It
acts as a key to the scanner . . . below.”

  Before Aram could question him, the
section of wall slid back soundlessly and
they stepped into a tubecar. Quickly, the
Green set up a complicated series of stops
on the tubecar controls and the vehicle
started downward with a rush.

  Aram clutched at the man for support.
Something was not as it should be. Then,
quite suddenly, he realized what it was.
The tubecar was travelling down . . . and
the Fortress lay above!

  “Where are we going?” he asked cau-
tiously.

  The Green shook his head.

  “Aren’t the condemned cells above in
the Fortress?”

  “Be quiet. Talk is dangerous!”

  “But . . ”

  “Be quiet,” the Green said again. “You’ll
understand soon enough. We have to be
careful. Not all of us here are of the
82	PLANET

Group.” He turned his hack on Jerrold.

  Aram’s head was spinning. What was
there on Atmion that a Green need fear?
And what was this . . . Group?

  With a wisdom bom of his long impris-
onment, Aram Jerrold decided to hold his
peace. What would be would be, and it was
becoming increasingly plain that he was
about to learn of things that he had not
dreamed existed.

  After what seemed to be an intermin-
able period, the tubecar began to slow. The
hum of atomics died and the car came
to a stop. They must be well below the
level of the Fortress now, reflected Jer-
rold, and very likely under the sea. The
panels slid away and in front of them
stretched a long white corridor lighted
by dim bulbs set in the curved ceiling.

  “There are miles of tubeways down
here,’” said the guard, “and only the
isotope key gives entrance. The central
pattern on the tubecar has been altered, too
. . . for the safety of the Group. Follow
me.”

  At the end of the corridor, a steelite
door barred further progress. The Green
produced his isotope key again and
touched it to the metal.

  “A word of advice,” he said to Jer-
rold coolly. “Listen and believe. A great
many risks have been taken and a vast
amount of work done to bring you this
far.”

  He leaned forward and shoved the metal
door open. Within lay a brightly lit cham-
ber. The glare of it hurt Jerrold’s eyes and
he stood a moment, blinking on the thresh-
old. Slowly, as his eyes accustomed them-
selves to the light, Aram became aware of
a group of men and women who watched
him impassively. There were a few in
Fleet uniform. One or two of them casual
acquaintances he had thought lost in space
or imprisoned by the Greens. There were
others in prison garb, and here and there
he could see the dread color of the Secur-
ity Police. His heart began to pound. An-
other trap? But why? r‘

  One slight figure in green stood a little
apart, watching him through shadowed
eyes. Jerrold felt the breath catch in his
throat.

  It was Deve Jennet!

STORIES

WITH A CRY Deve ran to him.
Jerrold felt a surge of mixed fury
and desire. Almost defensively, he lifted
his hand and struck Deve across the face.

  She gasped and stepped back, eyes sud-
denly bright with tears, a thin streak of
blood marking her pale face. The gathered
strangers muttered angrily. Aram turned
to stare at them,' his face set and grim..
Anger was pulsing within him, a deep,
consuming anger born of the tortures he
had suffered—he looked at the stunned
girl—because of her.

  “Oh, Aram . . . what have they done
to you?” whispered Deve.

  “What have they done to me ?” he asked
thickly. “They? Now tell me you had no
part in it!” He was hemmed in, lost in
a sea of treachery and formless dangers.
For a few moments he had dared to let
himself hope . . .! And this was the end
of it. Deve again. And another trap!
“What more do you want from me? Is
this just entertainment for you? To raise
my hopes and then step on them again?
Maybe you’d like to open my veins and
have a drink of my blood?”

  “Aram . . . stop it!”

  “You lying, cheating wench! Was it
you that brought me to the Fortress?
Was it you that spilled all my stupid
dreams to those black ghouls who tried
me?” he asked bitterly.

  “Yes! Yes, it was me!” sobbed Deve,
“but can you listen to me? Aram, I beg
you! Listen to me!”

  Aram felt some of the rage draining
out of him. He stared at Deve in confu-
sion. There were tears streaking her face.
There was no reason for her to cry now,
he thought heavily. Her job was' done.
Done well;

  “I had to do it that way, Aram. You
can’t know how I’ve suffered for you . . .
every minute of the time. But it had to be
done, I swear it! There was no other way
I could get you here to the Group!
If I had let you go your own way,
you’d have been killed, Aram. I’d have
died with you gladly, but there are other
things that must be done. And we can live,
Aram! Do you understand me? We can
live!”

  Jerrold looked about him. The group
TBE LAST TWO ALIVE!

83

had gathered around him. Someone said:
“Listen to Deve Jennet, Jerrold!”

  Dave stepped close to him again, her
face upturned. He felt again the old desire
for her, even here—now. Did it matter
that she had betrayed him? Did anything
matter any more to him? The last ebb of
fury flowed out of him, leaving him silent
and relaxed at last. If this was a trap . . .
what did it matter ? He had nothing to lose
now.

  He realized quite suddenly then that he
wanted very much to believe what Deve
said. He wanted it so badly that he re-
acted defensively, not daring to let himself
be hurt by her again. Very cautiously, he
let down the barriers that he had erected
against her since the very first day of the
trial when he had known for the first
time that she had been his betrayer.

  Deve sensed the change in him and
laid a hand on his arm. “You . . . you will
listen now?” she asked quietly.

  Aram nodded, his eyes fixed on her
face. The bruise on her lips was dark and
painful looking.

  “I heard of your arrest the day it hap-
pened, Aram,” she said. “I knew what
the end of it would be if they could find no
real evidence against you—you’d have been
subjected to an extensive mental probing
that would have left you ... an ... an
idiot. That’s true. You know it is.”

  Aram nodded agreement.

  “You would have been lost to us,” Deve
said, “and Aram, we need you! Need you
desperately!”

  Aram looked about him in confusion.
Still weak from his bout with the drugs,
he was having difficulty marshalling his
thoughts.

  “Who are you people?” he demanded.
“What are you?”

GRIZZLED NAVAL OFFICER
stepped forward. Aram recognized
him as Kant Mikal, recorded in the head-
quarters of the Thirty Suns Navy as hav-
ing been lost in space two years earlier
while on a routine exploration into the
Thirtieth Decant.

  “We have no name, other than ‘the
Group/” he said simply. “We have as
our purpose the prevention of a disas-

trous war . . . possibly even the destruction
of civilization as we have known it.”
“You don’t make any sense,” Jerrold
said confusedly. “What is there in the
galaxy that can threaten the Tetrarchy
with a war such as you describe?”

  “There is a very real and present dan-
ger, Aram Jerrold,” Mikal said flatly.
“Santane . .

  Aram felt a chilling premonition. San-
tane again. He remembered the testy words
of the black judge who had condemned
him: “One would think Santane were
building a fleet . . .”

  Mikal seemed to read his' thoughts.
“Yes,” he said, “Provincial Governor
Santane.”

  “I don’t ask you to join us for the sake
of the Tetrarchy, Aram,” pleaded Deve
Jennet earnestly, “or because of any per-
sonal relationship between you and me. If
the Thirty Suns Government knew of the
Group, and of the manipulations we’ve
performed to get equipment and personnel
for our mission, not one of us would be
left alive by the Greens. We’ve penetrated
the highest circles, we’ve subverted loyal
people. We’ve used every trick and sub-
terfuge to get the men and women we
need out here without giving away our
secret.” She smiled ruefully. “We’ve even
had men arrested and condemned so that
we could gather them here on Atmion
IV . . .”

  Aram felt a terrible load being lifted
from his shoulders. No matter what hap-
pened next, it was good to know that
Deve had not betrayed him as he had
thought.

  “The Tetrarchy would not allow the
existence of such a unit as the Group for
a moment. Every hour that passes in-
creases our danger. But we must finish our
mission, Aram; we can do nothing else!”
Deve said fervently.

  “If Santane overthrows the Tetrarchy,”
said Kant Mikal bleakly, “the dark ages
will descend. The man is mad for power,
cruel and intelligent enough to hold it.”
Aram thought swiftly. Santane was a
relative unknown back on Terminus, was
merely one of the thirty civil servants that
held the Governorships of the Thirty star-
systems making up the Tetrarchy. The
84	PLANET

Tetrarchy was a tyrannous bureaucracy
... but at least it was r»ot a one-man gov-
ernment. As bad as it was, Santane’s iron
hand would be infinitely worse.

  “But how,” protested Jerrold. “With
what ? How can Santane hope to withstand
the whole of the Tetrarchy’s power?”
“As you have guessed,” Mikal said, “he
is building a fleet; new construction and
better than anything in the Thirty Suns
Navy. However, if it were only that, there
would be no real need for us to interfere.
The Fleet is antiquated, as you kndw, but
able to muster a force of more than ten
thousand first line battlecraft. No matter
how good Santane’s ships might be, they
could not handle an attack by that kind
of numbers. The Kaidor system would
take a terrible beating, and most probably
Kaidor V would be bombed to rubble.
That would be the end of it. The destruc-
tion would be strictly localized in the
Thirtieth Decant. But there is, unfortun-
ately more . . . much more.”

  “Aram,” exclaimed Deve, “it’s hor-
rible!”

  “Santane has developed interstellar
guided missiles, Jerrold,” said Kant Mikal.
“Faster than any Fleet vessel and impos-
sible to intercept. But that isn’t the worst
of it. It’s the stuff he has developed for
these missiles to carry . . .”

 “Biological weapon?” asked Aram
with a sinking feeling in his heart.

  Mikal nodded. “Follow me,” he said.

ARAM JERROLD followed the
grizzled naval officer into an ante-
chamber. With Deve Jennet at his side he
let Mikal lead him down a narrow, zig-
zagging ramp into a stone room- below the
meeting hall. The place was dimly lit and
there was a smell in the air. that reminded
Aram of a zoological garden. A strong
wire mesh* had been stretched across the
room to divide it roughly into two sections.
In the corner of the interior division, a
figure squatted, gnawing on a piece of
bone. The sound of its teeth scraping the
bits of flesh off the shank made Aram
shudder.

  Mikal led him up to the wire.

  “That,” he said, “was a man. Santane’s
weapon did what you see there.”

STORIES

  Jerrold’s stomach muscles knotted. The
figure in the cage was roughly human, but
it squatted on greatly foreshortened hams
and waved long, hairy arms at them
angrily. The forehead sloped back from
a face completely bestial, and as Aram
stood there, sickened and fascinated, the
hirsute apparition flung the chewed bone
at him and bared its fangs in a blood-
chilling howl.

  Aram turned away, white-faced. “Is . . .
is there no cure for this thing?” he asked.

  Mikal shook his head. “We have been
able to develop none. This was an agent
of ours who was taken on Kaidor IV by
Santane’s raiders. We tried to establish a
surveillance point there and failed—the
planet is hardly livable—and Santane lias
been able to maintain a very complete
coverage of the two planets nearest his
capital. The inoculation was made on
Kaidor V, and Santane sent him back here,
thinking him an agent of the Greens. He
is laying the foundations of his psychologi-
cal attack, you see. A few cases like this,
and then the shocker—the announcement
that every planet in the Thirty Suns can
expect an attack by guided missiles loaded
with that virus unless his demands are
acceded to.”

  “But surely there must be a specific for
this thing,” pursued Aram. “It would be
valueless as a weapon unless there is.”

  “The virus attacks the higher cerebral
centers first,” explained Mikal. “Then the
endocrine balance. First memory goes.
Qur medical people believe that Santane
has an antidote for this thing, but in very
limited amounts. They tell me that if
caught soon enough, it can be stopped.
But within hours after infection perman-
ent damage to the higher nervous system
is done. They suspect that even if a very
small amount of serum is introduced into
the body after infection, physical damage
can be completely avoided. What the effect
on the mind might be, they do not care
to say. Complete loss of memory certainly.
A lessening of the ability to relearn the
forgotten is also probable.”

  The creature behind the wire howled
again, plaintively now.

  “Let’s get out of here,” breathed Deve
faintly.
THE LAST TWO ALIVE!

85

*	* *

  “You see what Santane will use to
seize the Tetrarchy,” Mikal went on when
they were once again in the meeting hall.
“He imagines that the mere threat of it
will subdue the Supreme Council.”

  “But that’s wrong!” exclaimed Aram:
“The Tetrachy will fight! There has
never been a bureaucracy in the history
of mankind that didn’t imagine itself in-
vincible !”

  “Yes, the Tetrarchy will fight,” agreed
Mikal. “And a war of absolute destruction
will engulf the Thirty Suns. Unless . .

“Unless what?” demanded Jerrold.

  “Unless Santane can be convinced of
that. Unless he can be prevailed upon to
give up his ambition and content him-
self with being a balance for the rest of
the Tetrarchy’s power. Where there’s one
power only, tyranny results invariably.
But if there are two, co-equal and autono-
mous, then they must compete for the
favor of the people. Only in such a way
can the civilization of the Thirty Suns
survive, and the slavish lot of the people
of the inhabited worlds be improved.

  “That, then, is the purpose of the
Group. We are pledged to stop—if we
can—the impending struggle for power
between Santane and the Tetrarchy. Sav-
agery is the price we will pay for failure!”

IN THE DAYS that followed, Aram
Jerrold grew to despise the name of
Santane more than he had ever despised
the Tetrarchy. Deep under the turbulent
sea of Atmion IV, he rested—recuperat-
ing from his ordeals and making ready
for the time when the small band of
peacemakers would move to forestall San-
tane’s bid for galactic dominion.

  The plan, as Kant Mikal outlined it,
was simple and direct. In the colony
under the sea there were forty-five men
and women. These were mainly scientists
and soldiers who had incurred the wrath
of the Government of the Thirty Suns,
though there were some, like Leader Deve
Jennet of the Security Police, who carried
on a double existence on Atmion IV, liv-
ing both above in the Green Fortress and
in the tunnels . . .

  Of the more than three thousand
Greens stationed on the prison planet,
some fifty knew of the Group, and of the
fifty, perhaps ten had access to the secret
quarters. These Greens, at great personal
risk, supplied the scientists and workers
of the Group with the materials needed
for their medical and physical researches.

  A falsified report of Aram Jerrold’s
death under the disintegrators was sent to
Terminus under the personal cachet of
Leader' Deve Jennet of the Security Po-
lice; so for the first time in many weeks
Aram had a semblance of peace.

  Mikal’s plan was for the Group to di-
vide into two units. One, the larger of the
two, would go—at the proper time—to
Kaidor V, there to establish contact with
the Provincial Governor and try by any
means to dissuade him from his plan to
defy the Thirty Suns Government. There
were several among the Group who felt
that such, an approach to Santane would
succeed where harsher methods might well
fail in the face of the Thirtieth Decant’s
hidden power. It was Mikal’s plan-to lead
this delegation himself in a starship now
being fitted in the central pit of the tun-
nel maze.

  But Kant Mikal did not delude him-
self that Santane could be won by argu-
ments. Another expedition to the Kaidor
Sun would be dispatched at the same
time. A small two-man destroyer that had
been rendered—Mikal claimed—“unde-
tectable,” would leave the Atmion' system
with the larger vessel and land on Kaidor
III, a planet uninhabited save for a few
bands of degenerated experimental sub-
jects dumped there by Santane’s bio-
logical ecologists. M«ikal took care
to point out that Kaidor III had two
large land-masses, and the landing by the
two members of the Group selected for
that duty would be made on the land-mass
unoccupied by the unfortunate subhu-
mans.

  This expedition would remain on Kai-
dor III to await word from the first as
to the success or failure of the Group’s
plan. Failing to hear from them, or hear-
ing of failure, the small ship would pro-
ceed to Kaidor V and try to wrest the sec-
ret of the virus weapon from Santane.
86

PLANET

STORIES

Plainly enough, the second expedition into
the Thirtieth Decant would be a last, spas-
modic attempt to save something from
the ruins of galactic war. That phrase
stayed with Jerrold as he listened to Kant
Mikal. To save something from the ruins.
That, he told himself, might well be the
best the Group could accomplish with
their meager resources.

DURING THE HOURS that Deve
was working in the Fortress, Jerrold
wandered freely through the maze of un-
derground tunnels and chambers that the
Group had built. The original catacombs
had been built a thousand years earlier,
and the men and women of the Group had
expanded and refurbished the forgotten
maze to suit their purposes. Jerrold was
continually amazed at what they had been
able to accomplish with so little at their
command and under a shroud of almost
complete secrecy.

  Life in the tunnels centered on the cen-
tral pit—the spaceport. This, as Kant Mi-
kal explained with considerable pride, was
connected with the surface by a series of
locks that emerged through the bottom
of the sea in the offshore shallows down
the coast from the Green Fortress. Under
cover of night, a spaceship could emerge
from the tunnels and lift into space with-
out arousing the garrison of Greens who
served on Atmion IV never dreaming of
the quiet life beneath their feet.

  Two spacecraft rested in their cradles
in the pit, a medium sized merchantman,
the “Star Cluster,” and a Fleet scout-
destroyer, “Serpent.” Jerrold recognized
both vessels as craft that had long ago
been reported lost in space in Admiralty
headquarters back on Terminus. The Ser-
pent still carried its Fleet insigne of the
Spaceship and Sun, a reminder to
Aram of his former life and of the im-
mense power of the Thirty Suns Navy.
He knew only too well the position of the
Group in the coming silent struggle be-
tween the galactic Tetrarchy and the
rebellious Santane. They were the small-
est, weakest corner in a vicious triangular
madness that threatened to smash the
entire civilization of the Thirty Suns.

  His personal happiness at being with

Deve Jennet again, and free of the haunt-
ing pain of her supposed betrayal, was
mitigated by a realization of the dangers
they would soon face when the Group’s
quixotic plan wait into operation. Nor
were these forebodings lessened when
Kant Mikal informed him that he and
Deve were the unanimous choices of the
Group for the second—and secret—ex-
pedition into the Kaidor Province.

  “It will be your purpose,” Kant Mikal
told him again, “to save something from
the wreckage if all else fails . . .”

*	* *

  Aram lay comfortably under the bank'
of sun-lamps in the underground infirm-
ary. The days of rest and treatment had
brought him back into condition again,
and he felt fit and ready for action. He
had begun to chafe at the inactivity, but
Kant Mikal insisted that the time to move
out against Kaidor had not come, and Jer-
rold was forced to be content with the
older man’s judgment.

  Deve sat with him in the infirmary, her
slim body golden under the glowing lamps.
Sitting near her, watching the graceful
sweep of her pale hair as it brushed her
shoulders, Aram was filled with a sense
of well-being and contentment.

  “Aram,” asked Deve, “have you had
time to examine the Serpent? Are you
familiar with that class of ship?”

  “I spent three years on Periphery Pa-
trol with Serpent class scouts, Deve,”
murmured Aram sleepily. “There won’t
'be any trouble . . He stretched himself
and sat up. “But there’s one thing I’d
like more information on ... if I can
be trusted with it.”

  “Aram! We trust you! You know we
do . . .” protested Deve.

  “Kant Mikal told me the Serpent was
. . . undetectable. In all my years with the
Fleet, I never heard of a spaceship that
could not be detected.”'

  “Avon Marsh—one of our scientists—
has developed an energy shield, Aram.”
“That’s nothing new, Deve,” said
Aram. “The Fleet vessels have had them
for years. They use them against attack
by ray weapons of all kinds.”

“But this reaches into the highest fre-
THE LAST TWO ALIVE!

87

queticies,” Deve explained. “It shunts all
radiation around the ship. Of course, it
can’t be used during second order flight
above light speed, but it wouldn’t be of
any value then, anyway.”

  “You mean it shunts all radiation
around the ship? All? Even light?” de-
manded Jerrold with sudden interest.

  “Yes. At close observational ranges it
results in a slight distortion—like a very
clear lens, but—”

  “Then the ship is . . . invisible?” Aram
asked incredulously.

  Deve Jennet smiled. “Yes, among other
things. And it prevents a radio echo being
sent back to a detector, too.”

Aram sank back thoughtfully.

An invisible ship! His spaceman’s
mind toyed with the thought. It was like
something from a naval officer’s dream
fantasies. A battleship so equipped could
very nearly rule the plenum . .! But
Deve’s next words cut that dream short.

  “The field is so limited, though,” she
said, “that only a two-man scout can be
equipped with it. And since the shield
works two ways, the occupants of the ship
are blind. Nothing outside the ship itself
can be seen.”

  Jerrold was about to reply when Kant
Mikal burst into the room. His grey hair
was matted with blood, and his face was
pale and drawn with pain and -anxiety.

  “I should have listened to you, Jerrold,”
he breathed heavily. “We should have
moved out long ago!”1

  “Kant! You’re hurt,” cried Deve.

  Mikal gestured impatiently. “It’s no-
thing! We have to get out immediately!
Get ready . . .!”

  Jerrold and Deve were on their feet,
reaching for their cloaks.

  “What’s happened?” asked Aram.

  “The Greens have found the tunnel en-
trance. I think they must have caught one
of our topside people with a mental probe,
I don’t know for sure. But there’s fighting
in the tube-shafts now. We have to get to
the ships!”

  Aram cursed. “Are there any weapons
nearby ?”

  The grey haired officer shook his head.

“None. Only the medical instruments
here.”

  Aram ransacked the wall cabinets and
produced a single small scalpel. “This will
have to do,” he muttered.-

  “If we can reach the pit,” said Kant
Mikal, “the steelite doors may give us
enough time to get clear. They’re disin-
tegrator-resistant.”

  “Let’s go,” said Aram tensely. “Ready?”

  Deve and Mikal nodded and followed
him as he opened the door to the corridor
and stepped out. The tunnel was deserted,
but there were muffled sounds of fighting
coming through the ventilators. Aram
sprinted toward the pit, his bare feet
soundless on the stone floor. Deve and
Mikal ran silently beside him.

  As they came to a turn in the tube, a
single Green seemed to appear out of
nowhere. Aram had a fleeting glimpse of
a pistol being raised and he felt the hot,
searing touch of a graze as he launched
himself bodily at the man.

  There was a crashing roar as the tetrol
shell exploded harmlessly against the stone
wall of the tunnel, sending echoes rever-
berating down the long passageway. Aram
caught the. Green’ in the pit of the stomach
with.the full force of his charge. The man
doubled up painfully, dropping his weapon
to the floor. Aram rolled to his feet, cat-
like. The Green roared with rage and
lunged at him. Aram stepped under the
attack and brought his two clenched fists
down on the back of the man's neck. The
Green staggered and spun about, catching
Aram in a vise-like embrace. The police-
man was huge, and as his arms closed
about Aram’s lighter frame, Aram could
feel his ribs being crushed. His hand
closed on the scalpel he had thrust into the
waistband of his shorts. He raised it high
and drove it hard into the man’s broad
back. The Green stiffened. With an incred-
ulous expression, he released Aram and
toppled to the stone floor.

  Aram leaned against the wall of the
tunnel, panting, sickened. His hands were
red with blood. From somewhere down the
tunnel came the sound of booted feet clat-
tering on- thie stones. Suddenly another
Green rounded the turn, an energy rifle in
his hands. Aram straightened for the
88	PLANET

expected attack, But the Green stopped
abruptly, his head vanishing into a red
smear as another crashing roar echoed
down the corridor. As he sank to the floor,
Aram turned to see Kant Mikal lowering
the first Green’s still smoking pistol.

  “Let’s keep going,” Mikal muttered
breathlessly.

  Stopping only to pick up the fallen
Green’s rifle, Aram, Kant Mikal and Deve
ran on toward the pit. -

  “Will the others try to make the space-
port ?” gasped Jerrold as they ran.

  “There’s nowhere else to go,” returned
Mikal simply.

THE GREENS had not completely oc-
cupied the tunnels, for they met no
more opposition. The sounds of fighting had
stopped, though, as they burst into the
large chamber that housed the spacecraft,
and Aram realized that the Greens were
gathering their forces for an attempt to
prevent the Group’s escape in the vessels.
Aram looked about him with a sick heart.
Of the original forty-five that had been
in the tunnels before the attack, only ten
besides himself and Deve had reached the
pit. The others, they told him, had been
killed or captured by the Greens, and one
of them must have been forced to tell of
the spaceships and the plan of escape
through the locks.

  The steelite doors of the pit were
closed, and the remnants of the Group
straggled aboard the Star Cluster. Kant
Mikal took immediate command of the
ship and made ready for the perilous
passage through the locks to the sea
above. He laid a hand on Aram’s shoulder
and spoke with feeling. “This isn’t the way
I planned it, Jerrold, but we must do the
best we can. Good luck!”

  Aram helped rig the Star Cluster for
flight and then stepped down onto the floor
of the pit. He realized only too well, as he
stood with Deve alone on the floor of the
vast chamber, that they would have to
wait until the heavy Star Cluster had
cleared the locks before they could blast
free of the cavern in the Serpent.

  He helped Deve through the valve of the
small scout ship and hoisted himself up,
crouching in the open lock with the dead

STORIES

Green’s energy rifle, ready to pick off the
first Green to come through the door. The
Greens had brought their disintegrators
into play, and within minutes the door
would reach its limit of endurance. The
steelite panels already glowed red. . . .

  The Star Cluster lifted from its cradle
with a hissing roar that set the smaller
Serpent to trembling. The first lock opened
above it and it was gone into the black
maw of the vertical shaft, its tail-flare
vanishing in the stygian darkness. The
lock did not close, and Aram Jerrold
breathed a silent message of thanks to
Kant Mikal who had left it open to ease
the Serpent’s escape.

  “How long will it take them to clear
the remaining locks?” Jerrold asked Deve
anxiously.

  Deve divined his thoughts and shook her
head. “More time than it will take the
Greens to cut through that door !”

  Aram was struck with an idea. “The
shield, Deve! The energy shield!”

  For a moment hope lighted her face,
but it quickly faded. “There is a time-lag
when the shield is deactivated, Aram,”
she said. “If we use it now, we won’t be
able to operate the locks in time. They are
radio-controlled from inside the ship and
the shield stops all radiation . . . both
ways!”

  “Then we’ll ram the locks!”

  “Will the ship stand it?”

  “I don’t know, Deve, but it’s our only
chance. If we can confuse them just long
enough to get under way, we may make
it. Show me how the shield is energized.”
Deve shrugged and sat down before the
control panel. Her fingers flashed lightly
over the banks of switches. A low whining
of generators started deep in the vitals of
the small starship. Aram, watching the
process, glanced through the ports at the
melting steelite door of the cavern, and he
was amazed to see the scene fade before
his eyes into a murky grayness.

  “They can’t see us now,” Deve Jennet
said with a slow smile, “and we can’t see
them.”

  “Let’s go,” breathed Aram.

HE HURRIEDLY began rigging the
Serpent for flight, warming the jets,
THE LAST TWO ALIVE!

89

energizing the pumps and aerators. He
gave silent thanks for the rigid training
of the Thirty Suns Navy, for his hands
automatically and swiftly found the proper
instruments and controls. Gyros began
their ascending crescendo, whining in stri-
dent unison with the shield generators to
shape a harmonic pattern that pulsed in
the eardrums and set the teeth on edge.
Accumulators filled slowly, relays clicked
shut as the Serpent poised itself for flight.

    A harsh, thumping sound made Aram
Jerrold pause. He cursed bitterly and re-
sumed his work. The Greens, of course,
were not fools. They could not see the
Serpent, nor, presumably, had they ever
encountered an invisible craft before. But
having melted down the steelite portal at
last and flooded into the vast pit, they
could hear the Serpent’s myriad warnings
of impending takeoff, and they must have
begun raking the pit with projectile fire.
Some of the shots were finding the invi-
sible Serpent, and Aram knew that the
destroyer’s light armor could not long
withstand a shelling.

  “Deve! Has Mikal had time to get the
Star Cluster clear of the locks now?”
Jerrold shouted at the girl over the whine
of machinery.

  Deve Jennet had heard the projectiles
too. She nodded her head and braced her-
self against the navigation table. “Let’s;
go!” she shouted back.

  With pounding heart, Aram Jerrold
lifted the Serpent off the floor of the pit.
Blindly, he let the invisible starship nose
into the open shaft above. He knew that
the moment the Greens realized their
quarry was gone, they would begin firing
blindly up into the vertical tunnel above
them. If one shot should hit the jets . . .!
Aram shuddered. The destroyer would
come hurtling down out of the shaft to
smashing destruction on the floor of the
pit. He held his breath and eased the
power forward. The Serpent responded
eagerly, leaping up the mile-long tun-
nel . . .

  Ahead lay the second set of locks and
then the shallows of the sea. The small
starship careened upward, scraping its
flanks on the smooth metal of the shaft.
Aram sat frozen before the controls. A

thousand questions burned in his mind,
and there were no sure answers for any
of them.

  He couldn’t be sure that Mikal had
gotten the Star Cluster free. He might at
this moment be driving the Serpent into
the atomic tail-flare of the larger ship. He
did not know whether or not the small
destroyer could withstand the impact of the
locks ... or the sea itself. Still, he drove
the ship upward and outward, the auto-
matics set to continue the same suicidal
course should his own human hands falter
or fail.

  He shouted for Deve to strap herself
to the deck rings near the navigation table
and make ready for the impact. Time
seemed to slow down to a crawling pace.
The breath came harshly in his throat, and
sweat coursed down his naked back. His
bare feet and legs felt cold and clammy...

  He was not ready when it came. The
first rending screech of tearing metal filled
the tiny control room and the instrument
panel came smashing up to meet him. He
heard a whooshitig roar and the scream
of protesting gyros. He heard Deve cry
out as her bindings ripped loose, and then
blackness seemed to splash up out of the
control panel and engulf him . . .

JERROLD WOKE. His head was
pounding painfully and his lips felt
mashed and bruised. The strap that had
held him to the pilot’s seat had broken,
and he lay across the instrument panel in
a welter of glass shards from shattered
dials. The instruments were smeared with
blood . . . his blood, Aram realized
numbly. He put a hand to his face, and
it came away sticky and red.

  The atomics throbbed, and the dials told
him that the Serpent was still under way.
The high pitched hissing of escaping air
attested to the damage, but it also told him
that the ship was in space . . . and clear
of Atmion IV.

   Jerrold got dizzily to his feet and looked
about for Deve. She lay crumpled in a cor-
ner under a chart-locker, bruised and
scratched by the impact of the crash. She
moaned slightly as Aram picked her up
and carried her to the pilot’s chair.
90

PLANET

STORIES

  Red alarm lights glared at him from
several points on the panel, showing that
five forward compartments had been
crumpled and ruptured by the ramming of
the locks. The pressure in the ship was low
enough to add to his discomfort. Method-
ically, fighting off the dizziness, Aram
sealed off the leaky compartments and
started the aerators to build up the pres-
sure. The greyness beyond the parts indi-
cated that the energy shield was still oper-
ating. The Serpent was traveling in slow
first-stage flight toward Kaidor, four and
one half light years distant.

  ‘Aram!”

  Jerrold turned to see that Deve had
opened her eyes and was staring at him,
horrified. He tried to grin reassuringly at
her, but his bruised lips succeeded only
in grimacing grotesquely through the
bloody smear of his face.

   Deve got to her feet, found the surgical
kit that all Fleet vessels carried and set
to work mending the damage. Aram was
glad to find that aside from his battered
lips, he had only a long scalp cut along
his hair-line where the instrument panel
had tried to decapitate him. The kit con-
tained balms and soothing anaesthetics, and
presently both Deve and Jerrold were
patched and cleansed of blood and dirt.

   There were coveralls in the lockers, and
spaceboots; and a hot drink from the robot
galley added to their rising spirits. They
had escaped a force of the best the Thirty
Suns Government could throw against
them and they were free of Atmion IV.
Their ship was damaged, but serviceable
. . . and they were together.

  Deve cut the energy shield and Aram
took star-shots to reckon their position. If
the Greens had chased them in spacecraft,
their long flight under the shield had cer-
tainly lost the pursuit, for the space behind
them toward Atmion IV was clear. The
three stars of the system blazed below
them and Aram pointed the ship at the
spot where the yellow Kaidor Sun lay just
under the range of visibility, shifting into
second-stage flight. The three suns of At-
mion streaked into a polychromatic blur,
and the Serpent plunged through the inter-
stellar night toward the Thirtieth Decant
and the unknown.

IT WAS A STAR-SYSTEM of ten
planets. Aram Jerrold could see clearly
that, as was generally the case, one of
them was a ringed giant. Under planetary
first-stage drive, he brought the small star-
ship down into the system’s ecliptic plane.
At a distance of one light day, as the Ser-
pent passed the outermost planet, the en-
ergy shield was reactivated.

  During the days of the trip from the
Twenty Ninth Decant and the Atmion
Suns, no word had come from Kant Mikal
and his party aboard the Star Cluster.
Both Jerrold and Deve Jennet had pon-
dered the advisibility of trying to establish
contact with the larger ship, but finally
they decided to maintain radio silence.
Aram felt it inadvisable to risk detection
of the Serpent so close to Santane’s strong-
hold.

  Instead, they resolved to stick to the
original plan as outlined by Kant Mikal
back on Atmion IV—landing on the third
planet of the Kaidor Sun and there await-
ing word from the Star Cluster. Mean-
while, Aram could attempt to repair the
damage caused the Serpent by the ram-
ming of the locks.

  On a dead-reckoning course, Jerrold
guided the small spaceship sunward. The
peaceful pleasure of the days in space
was forgotten now, forced out of his
mind by the nearness of Kaidor V and its
hellish spawn of destruction. Thinking of
the poor creature he had seen in the tun-
nels back on Atmion IV, Aram was taken
with a sick chill. Here, under the alien
light of Kaidor Sun, the virus that had
degenerated what had once been a man lay
quiescent in the sleek shells of uncounted
interstellar missiles, ready to leap out and
away and carry its mind-destroying pow-
er to all the inhabited worlds of the Thirty
Suns. Jerrold knew that the use of such
a weapon would mean disaster. If war
came, it would be a war of stellar giants,
smashing planets and minds alike in a
hideous carnival of death and savagery.
The spawn of the Kaidor Sun meant
ruin . . .

  As yet, Aram reflected with faint hope,
there had been no break. Provincial Gov-
ernor Santane was still, as far as anyone
outside the Thirtieth Decant knew, a loyal
THE LAST TWO ALIVE!

91

civil servant of the Thirty Suns bureauc-
racy. The Special Intelligence reports that
clicked methodically through the Serpent's
subspace communicator gave no hint of
rebellion against the banner of the Space-
ship and Sun in the Kaidor system. It was
possible, too, thought Jerrold, that the
Group under Kant Mikal could convince
Santane of the folly of open defiance.
But even as the thoughts formed in his
mind, doubt grew. Kant Mikal had said
that Santane had already stopped weapons
shipments to the rest of the Thirty Suns.
He had no such authority. It would take
some time for an investigation to be activ-
ated through the ponderous bureaucratic
procedures of the Tetrarchy, but investiga-
tion there would definitely be . . . and
Santane could have nothing in his mind
but war with the Thirty Suns Government
to have taken such a risk. Kaidor Prov-
ince was the scientific arsenal of the Tet-
rarchy, and as such strategically valuable
beyond its intrinsic worth. It would not
be too difficult, Aram realized, to imagine
that the man who ruled Kaidor could rule
the Tetrarchy. Only it wasn’t so. No one
system could muster enough power to
crush the Thirty Suns without being
smashed to rubble itself in the process. A
man who had served in a galactic Fleet
could understand that. But a man who
had served only as a governor could not,
and that was the danger . . .

  As a naval officer, Aram Jerrold knew
something that Santane did not. He knew
that vast navies will fight and destroy long
after the hope of victory has gone.

  If war came, there would be no victory.
There would be only galactic disaster...

WITH THE ENERGY SHIELD
off, and under reduced power, the
Serpent came down into the atmosphere of
Kaidor III. The planet’s satellite lay, like
a crescent of silver, in the dark blue,
star-flecked sky of the stratosphere.

  Beneath them, the vast curving surface
of the planet flattened as the starship
sank lower, the mottled blues and greens
and browns taking shape of oceans, islands
and continents. The sky grew lighter—a
pale blue—as the Serpent crossed the twi-
light line and slanted down toward the

surface of the turbulent sea.

  Scud clouds raced across the sky and
light rain pattered against the ports of the
slowly moving spaceship. Quite suddenly
the squall passed, and the Serpent hung
above a sea of brilliant blues and greens,
frothed with white-caps.

  Deve watched through the ports, enrap-
tured. “Look, Aram! Look at the colors
in that sea!”

  Side by side they watched the play of
colors in the ocean, fascinated by the
swirling grace and chromatic wonder of
the waves.

  In the far distance lay the low silhouette
of land. Jerrold let the Serpent move to-
ward it, keel skimming the dancing white
crowns of the sea.

  There were a few graceful sea-birds
with leathery wings and brightly plumed
breasts, and there was life in the sea. Deve
and Jerrold could see schools of lithe
shapes flashing silver beneath the water.
But the land itself was silent. The white
sand of a curving beach came up out of the
distance to meet them. Beyond lay green
rolling hills and wooded slopes bright with
flowers, and farther into the glare of the
morning sun great snow-capped mountains
reared their jagged spines against the
blue in the sky.

  “Aram . . . it's beautiful!” the girl
breathed. “It’s the world we dreamed of
finding . .

  Jerrold remembered the nights they had
shared back on mighty Terminus. He
recalled their idle dreams of a world be-
yond the farthest stars where they could
be free. This, he felt, was such a world.

  Deve turned around suddenly to face
him. There was longing in her eyes—a
look of wistfulness that filled him with
tenderness.

  “We ... we must never forget this
world, Aram,” she said. “Perhaps one day'
we can come here . . .” She let her voice
sink low. “Oh, Aram! If we could only
stay here! If we could just forget every-
thing but this lovely, peaceful world!”

  Aram Jerrold thought of Santane and
the threatening clouds of war. He thought
of the mighty, senseless civilization of the
Thirty Suns—oblivious to the dangers
that threatened to engulf it, Quite suddenly
92

PLANET

STORIES

he hated it all. Hated it more than he had
ever despised it when it had tortured and
persecuted him. He felt trapped by his
unasked-for responsibilities to the culture
that had condemned him. But trapped
he was, and he knew it. Even hating it,
he could not let a galactic civilization van-
ish without trace and refuse to lift a hand
to save it . . . to save something from the
■wreckage.

  Kant Mikal’s words came back to him.
Pressing, insistent, demanding.

  He took Deve in his arms. “I’d want
nothing more than to stay here . . . with
you,” he said gently. “But we’d never be
safe if Santane ruled the Tetrarchy. He’d
never leave a paradise like this alone . . .”
“I know that,” said Deve, sighing.
“But maybe someday . . .” She broke off.
“I’m so tired, Aram.”

  Jerrold thought of how long this girl
had been fighting—in secret, in constant
danger of her life—against the menace
of an interregnum of savagery in the gal-
axy. It made him want to kill Santane
with his bare hands and smash the Tet-
rarchy into cosmic rubble!

  But it was no good. A responsibility had
fallen onto Deve’s shoulders and his. Kant
Mikal had said it. And no matter how they
might wish that two others had been cho-
sen out of all the teeming billions of the
Thirty Suns, both he and Deve knew that
they must throw themselves between the
galactic millstones and try with their last
breath to avert the limbo that yawned to
swallow the first stellar civilization that
the race had laboriously built. It was not
perfect—-but it was their own.

FOR TWO DAYS and two nights Deve
and Aram waited by the restless sea
of Kaidor III. They wandered over the
green hills and through the wooded glades
hand in hand, caught up in the wonder
and beauty of the silent planet.

  Aram was able to patch some of the
breaks in the Serpent’s hull, and together
he and Deve planned what moves they
must make next. Each time they left the
ship, the recorders were set so that any
possible word from the Star Ouster would
be caught; but only the endless stream
of reports and routine messages of the

Thirty Suns Naval Intelligence Bureau
marred the wire of the recording device
when they sought the shelter of the ship
again.

  Together, they swam in the warm sea
and rested in the sunlight on the white
beach, listening to the restless sound of
the ocean. It was an idyll of happiness
made more poignant by the pressing near-
ness of danger coming ever closer.

  It was on the evening of the third day
on Kaidor III that the subspace radio
shattered their faint hopes for the success
of the Star Ouster’s mission. The infor-
mation came not from the Group and
Kant Mikal, but viciously, shockingly, from
the announcer in the Naval Intelligence
sending station back on Terminus. It came,
smashing the peaceful stillness of the
evening calm.

 “ATTENTION! ATTENTION ! ALL
FLEET UNITS OF THE TWENTY
EIGHTH, TWENTY NINTH, AND
THIRTIETH DECANT SQUAD-
RONS! RENDEZVOUS CHECK
POINT 45223 KAIDOR PROVINCE
ACCORDING TO PLAN 5-25 DIREC-
TIVE 19-A-9! TASK FORCE COM-
MANDER WILL NEUTRALIZE
PLANET KAIDOR FIVE FOR THE
SAFETY OF THE TETRARCHY!”

  Deve’s face was pale. “Santane has
done it at last!”

  It had come, then, thought Aram heav-
ily. The cosmic wheels were beginning
to turn. A provincial governor rebelled
and across light-years of space forces of
mind-defying magnitude began to gather.
Thousands of mighty battleships, millions
of men! Planet-smashing weapons! Far
away, on Terminus, government bureaus
shifted ponderously from peaceful admin-
istration to War. Clerks and department
heads, councilmen and executives—all
shifting their attentions from peacetime
routines to wartime expedients. And with-
in hours, those wartime expedients would
become routine. Fixed, immutable. Rou-
tines impossible to change without painful,
time-consuming, effort.

  Jerrold spun the radio dials, searching
for the government station on Kaidor V.
He needed information. He needed to
know what Santane was telling his popu-
THE LAST TWO ALIVE!

93

lation.

  “ . . . the Thirty Suns merchant vessel,
Star Cluster, has fallen into our hands.
The passengers and crew, sabotage agents
of the Tetrarchy, have been imprisoned
and will be executed . .

  The voice of the Kaidor announcer
echoed menacingly through the still con-
trol room of the Serpent.

  “Aram! They’ve got Kant Mikal and
the others!” cried Deve.

  “Sabotage agents!” Aram spat.

  “ it is expected that the worker
population will conduct itself with cour-
age and resourcefulness under the threa-
tened attack,” continued the announcer
smoothly. “Our newly organized armed
forces are even now taking measures
against the tyrants’ home worlds . . .”

  Aram shuddered, thinking about the
“measures” Santane had devised for use
against the Tetrarchy. The brutalizing
virus . . .

  ". .. it is not to be expected that the
war will be of long duration. Our scien-
tists have developed a weapon that will
make active resistance on the part of the
tyrants impossible. They will not dare
to attack us . .

  Confirmation, thought Aram bleakly, of
Santane’s dream of winning power by
threats. A savage, terrible blunder!

  “Generalissimo Santane has struck the
shackles of the Tetrarchy from the people
of Kaidor! Work and fight for victory!”
The announcement was followed by the
playing of martial music.

  Jerrold snapped the radio off with a
curse. Kant Mikal a prisoner—very likely
dead already. The Fleet converging on
Kaidor. Santane, drunk with power,
brandishing his awful weapon over the
heads of the mute billions of the Thirty
Suns!

  “What now, Aram ?” asked Deve
quietly.

  “We must go to Kaidor V . . . now!”
he replied.

  In space again, Aram tried to shake
off his forebodings and failed miserably.
They were speeding into a tempest of
stellar magnitude, and they were but two
—a man and a woman—against a war-
mad galaxy.

  The tiny Serpent pointed for the fifth
planet of the Kaidor Sun and drew its
mantle of invisibility around itself, as
though to hide from the fiery stars.

Far beneath the starship,

Kaidor V lay like a bright scimitar.
With the energy shield momentarily off,
they approached the planet’s night side,
deep in the global penumbra. No lights
marked the populous factory cities—the
world rested dark, poised to lash out
against the stars, falsely confident in its
possession of frightful weapons.

  Carefully, Jerrold lowered the Serpent
toward the spot he had .marked on the
planetary chart—a deep valley near San-
tane’s capital city of Astrel. Once course
and rate of descent were computed, he
reactivated the energy shield and groped
his way downward through the sullen
night of Kaidor V.

  After what seemed an eternity of wait-
ing, Deve and Jerrold felt their ship’s
keel touch the ground. Aram stood by
the jets, alert for the sudden tipping that
would warn them that the Serpent had
landed on a steep slope or crag. The deck
assumed a slight angle—no more. Aram
cut the power and listened to the des-
cending whine of the gyroscopes as they
coasted to a halt. Then there was silence.
Only the faint hum of the energy shield
broke the stillness.

  Jerrold and Deve studied the chart of
Kaidor V carefully. Aram had no desire
to have the Serpent meet with the same
fate as the ill-starred Star Cluster. Con-
cealment and secrecy were paramount.

  On the gridded chart of the planet, the
dark city of Astrel lay like a blot of
ink. “There is a conveyor running near
here, Deve,” Aram said. “It must carry
ores from the mines here—” he pointed
out the shafts on the map,“—to the found-
ries in the city. They won’t be able to
guard the conveyor all along its length.
We can get into Astrel that way, I think.”
“And what then?” asked the girl.
Jerrold shrugged. “I’m a space officer
—not a spy. I know that we must try
to reach Santane and help Mikal and the
others if we can—”

  “We had some agents still in the city,”
94

PLANET STORIES

said Deve thoughtfully. "Perhaps they
haven’t been discovered. We can try and
reach them . . . they might be able to
help us.”

  “It will be risky, Deve, now that the
fight is in the open.”

  “I don’t see how we can possibly reach
Santane alone,” she said.

  Deve was right, of course, Aram real-
ized. Without help they would never be
able to penetrate the barriers of security
the Provincial Governor must have
erected between himself and the population
of his planet.

  Cutting the shield, Aram searched the
dark landscape beyond the ports. The
night was black and still. The stars made
an unfamiliar pattern across the sky. A
thin band of nebulosity showed the edge
of the Galactic Lens in a peculiarly dis-
torted perspective. Here, in the heart of
the Thirtieth Decant, they were far from
the populous worlds of the galaxy’s cen-
ter—farther even than they had been in
Atmion Province. But this barren, cold
world would be for the next few hours
the center of the Thirty Suns. Here, on
the metallic soil of Kaidor V, the fate
of an interstellar civilization would be
decided . . .

  There were many deadly weapons ini
the lockers, but Jerrold decided to take
only two plastic energy pistols. Such
weapons would be less likely to be found
by the weapons alarms that were stan-
dard street fixtures on all the planets
of the Thirty Suns.

  With a sigh, the valve slid open and
Aram and the girl dropped to the frozen
volcanic soil. The air smelled bitter, and
the cold was intense. Kaidor V was more
than twenty-four light-minutes from its
primary, and warmth was slight. It had
been chosen for the center of Kaidor Pro-
vince rather than a more hospitable world
because of the richness of its radioactive
ores and immense nitrogen yielding de-
posits.

THE STARSHIP had landed in a
small ravine, and there, Aram de-
cided, it could stay relatively safe from
discovery. Aram marked the spot on his
chart and etched it into his brain. It was

hard to leave the tiny Serpent. It rep-
resented all the security they could ex-
pect on this unfriendly world.

  They climbed to the crest of the ridge
and dropped down onto a flat plateau,
striking out across it toward the spot
where Jerrold estimated they would in-
tercept the line of the conveyor.

  They walked along in silence tinder a
canopy of oddly unfriendly stars. Pre-
sently the faint sound of machinery
warned that the conveyor was near. In
the darkness, they almost ran headlong
into it. The light of Deve’s small pocket
torch revealed two belts. One bounced
along empty, speeding back toward the
mines in the hills; the other groaned
under a heavy loading of metallic ores
bound for the smelters and steel con-
verters of Astrel.

  “It’s moving fast, but we’ll have to
Jump it anyway,” Aram said softly.

  “Don’t worry about me,” replied Deve
stoutly. “Just give me a hand.”

  Aram grinned in spite of himself.
Deve’s courage and resolution were a
boon on this quixotic mission.

  He picked her up and began to run
along the uneven soil parallel to the
racing conveyor. With an effort he heaved
her up on to the pile of ore. He heard
her give a little cry of pain as she landed
among the sharp shards, and then she
was gone into the blackness. Without
pause, he leaped onto the belt himself,
skinning his hands and legs oil the rocky
cargo.

FOR A MOMENT he stopped to catch
his breath, and then began to crawl
forward toward Deve Jennet. It took
him a long while to reach her, and when
he did, they found that she had dropped
her gun in the scramble to board the
conveyor.

  The thought of facing a hostile city
with one small pistol did not please; but
Aram realized that under no circum-
stances could he have hoped to out-gun
the combined forces of the Thirtieth De-
cant, so the loss of a gun really made
little difference. The whole of the Ser-
pent’s armory would do them no good
if concealment failed.
THE LAST TWO ALIVE!

95

  “We’ll have to get clear of this thing
before it reaches its destination, Deve,”
Jerrold shouted above the roar of the
belt.

  “I only hope the marshalling yards
and ore stockpiles aren’t too well guarded!”
Deve replied—and Aram silently echoed
her hope.

   In the near distance, coming ever nearer,
were the periodic flares of the great steel
converters of Astrel. The city itself
seemed blacked-out, but apparently San-
tane—the “Generalissimo,” thought Jer-
rold wryly—was keeping his workers busy
on weapons production right up until the
last moment of danger . . . another proof
to Aram’s mind that Santane did not
believe the Tetrarchy would dare to ac-
tually attack. He must already have
warned the Thirty Suns Government, per-
haps sending specimens of his handiwork
to impress the Supreme Council of the
power of his virus weapons. Yet the
Fleet would attack—Jerrold felt sure of
it. The very nature of the Thirty Suns
Government made any other course un-
thinkable. Bureaucracies, Aram knew, re-
acted like headless beasts to the things
that threatened them, unable to make fine
distinctions or true evaluations. Defiance
brought reprisal. It was as simple as
that.

  It was difficult to see anything in the
darkness, and Jerrold began to fear that
they might be catapulted into the fur-
naces themselves. The flares in the sky
seemed very close now.

  A tiny blue light flashed by that Aram
thought must mark the entrance to the
stockpiling yards. He scrambled to his
feet and pulled Deve up beside him.

  “Get ready to jump clear!” he shouted
in her ear.

  Wind snatched at his words, and the
swaying conveyor made standing difficult
—almost impossible. Deve clutched at him,
trying to keep her balance. And then,
without warning, the belt slammed
abruptly into a flat right-angle turn, pitch-
ing them off into darkness filled with
hurtling chunks of ore.

  Aram clung to the girl as they spilled
off the belt and banged hard into a great
pile of ore. More of the stuff continued

to flood down on them from the con-
veyor above, burying them under an op-
pressive weight. Desperately, Jerrold
clawed his way out into the open, and
still clinging to Deve, rolled precipitously
down the steep slope of the stockpile.
They struck the bottom with bone-jar ring
force and lay there gasping.

  A brilliant beam of light sliced through
the dusty darkness, pinning them to the
ore pile. Motes danced wildly in the gleam-
ing cone. And in one awful flash of in-
sight Aram knew what had happened ...
understood the meaning of that tiny blue
light he had seen. A dark-light scanner!

  Floodlights came on, and the intruders
found themselves blinking into a semi-
circle of energy-rifle muzzles in the hands
of grim-faced, black-clad guards.

  Aram Jerrold felt his heart sink. They
were captured . . .

BETWEEN two files of guards, Deve
and Jerrold walked into the city
they had hoped to strip of its weapons.
The bitterness of their failure rode hard
on Jerrold’s shoulders. He kept hearing
again and again the phrase that Kant
Mikal had used: “To save something
from the wreckage . . .” It seemed im-
possible now. The giants and the furies'
were gathering. The might of the Thirty
Suns would descend like a rain of fire
on Kaidor V, and the mindless death
nurtured here would sweep the inhabited
worlds like a plague. The forces Jerrold
had hoped to chain were free now, and
threatening, like some ghastly cosmic
storm. The .teeming cities would crumble,
the spaceways would be deserted. Night
would fall on man’s imperfect, but highest
achievement, and he would return to the
primeval muck.

  Aram searched the faces of the streams
of workers they passed. They were sul-
len, whipped men. From the tyranny of
the Tetrarchy they had slipped into the
clutches of Santane. For them, there was
no hope, no dignity, and only the release
of death could change their lot.

  The black guards herded Deve and
Jerrold onto a small air-sled, and the tiny
craft nosed upward and into the streams
of aerial traffic above the darkened city.
96

PLANET

STORIES

Ahead lay the black bulk of a towering
skylori. This, Aram realized, must be San-
tane’s citadel.

  The air-sled was sinking slowly to a
landing on one of the many landing plat-
forms that marred the flanks of the
mighty skylon when the first alarm sirens
began to wail. Aram turned his eyes to the
night sky automatically. He could not hope
to see the Fleet, for they must still be beyond
the orbit of Kaidor X, but he did see
the red streaks of the first interceptor
rockets taking off. The sky in the east
was greying; the attack would come by
day.

  The air-sled touched the landing stage,
and the guards hurried Jerrold and Deve
Jennet into the citadel. Through a maze
of halls thronging with white-faced offi-
cers in new and unfamiliar uniforms they
went, past guards and armored doorways.
At last they stood in a vaulted, oblong
room that hummed with activity.

  It was a Combat Center. In the center
of the room lay a huge, three-dimensional
chart of the Thirtieth Decant and the
Kaidor system. Jerrold recognized the
red blips that indicated the approaching
Fleet, fully ten thousand strong . . . and
he recognized something else too. He had
felt this kind of tension in ships of the
Navy. It was fear—universal, jittery fear.
These people, Aram knew suddenly, were
terribly, desperately afraid of that advanc-
ing armada. Their leader had told them
that it would not dare attack, yet it came
on inexorably and they were afraid.

  Yellow streaks in the chart showed
the track of interceptors, already fanning
out from Kaidor V, seeking targets in
the huge, onrushing formation of mighty
battleships that spread across light-min-
utes of space. The tiny weapons had al-
ready taken a small toll of the slower
Fleet vessels, but the rest continued sun-
ward, their losses unfelt.

  This was what Aram feared Santane
would not or could not realize . . . that
no matter how dreadful his vints weapon,
forces of such magnitude could not be
halted by threats once they were put in
motion.

  Now Santane’s secretly built fleet was
blasting into space. Jerrold estimated that

it consisted of perhaps five hundred large
starships—torpedo launchers mainly, built
for defense.

  Near Kaidor VII, the ringed giant, the
two Fleets made first contact. The battle
of the Thirtieth Decant had begun.

  The guards shoved at Jerrold, and he
was led away from the chart and its fas-
cinating picture of battle. He and Deve
were taken up a spiralling staircase to
the balcony that overlooked the Combat
Center and through a heavily guarded
door.

  The chamber in which they now found
themselves was strangely quiet after the
fear-tinged confusion of the Combat Cen-
ter. All but one of their guards with-
drew, and Aram faced a tall, powerfully
built man who stood engrossed in a bank
of scanner-views of the battle.

  Presently the man looked up to scowl
at his prisoners. Aram Jerrold knew at
once that it was—at last—Santane.

Aram studied the man with

interest. Here was the man whose
rebellion had catapulted the galaxy into
war. Because of Santane, billions faced
degradation or extinction. It seemed im-
possible that one man could cause such
a cataclysmic upheaval in a star-spanning
culture. But there was more to it than
that, of course. Santane—as a man—was
simply one more bit of protoplasm in the
vast mystery of the cosmos. But Santane
—as a symbol—was real and important.
He was a living monument to the im-
mutable face that tyranny begets more
tyranny, and that the very existence of
absolute power results in the two awful
corollaries . . . ambition and strife.

  The Tetrarchy had spawned Santane
just as surely as night follows day. San-
tane was the cancer in the body of the
despotism of the Thirty Suns that was
destined to destroy it . . . and, thought
Aram grimly, himself with it.

  Aram Jerrold studied the craggy face
and the deep-set, glowing eyes as San-
tane stood there before the simulacrum
of Armageddon in the scanners, and knew
there was madness in the man.

  Santane spoke, and the sound rasped
across the senses.
THE LAST TWO ALMVEt

97

  “You are Aram Jerrold and Deve Jen-
net—agents of the Tetrarchy. Spies . . .
high ranking spies!” His icy gaze searched
the faces of the man and woman before
him. “Do you deny it?”

  “We are who you say,” replied Jer-
rold evenly, “but we are not spies. The
Tetrarchy has undoubtedly set a price on
our heads by now.”

  “You lie! The Tetrarchy sent you here
because they are afraid of me.” Santane
laughed scornfully, “They have seen what

I	can do.”

  “Don’t be a fool, Santane,” Jerrold
said softly. “The Tetrarchy is not afraid
of you. It can’t be. It hasn’t the ability
to fear you or anything else. Can’t you
see that?” He indicated the scanners. The
Fleet was bearing ever closer to Kaidor

V,	slashing through the cordons of de-
fensive craft doggedly, impervious to
losses and dying ships and men.

  Fear touched Santane’s face . . . but
for just an instant. Aram knew with
sinking heart that the man’s madness
would not let him believe the truth.

  “No,” said Santane tensely. “They are
afraid of me—or you wouldn’t have been
sent here.”

  Aram was struck with a sudden, gro-
tesque pity for the man. All the weeks
he had spent in danger and in preparation
for this mission that had failed, he had
thought of Santane as the living incarna-
tion of crafty evil. What he saw before
him now was a insane man—frightened
by the mighty forces he had unleashed
and could not now turn or control. In
that moment, Aram felt that Kant Mikal’s
injunction to save something from the
ruins was truly impossible, for nothing
could come right when a single madman
could smash in days the work of millennia.

  Santane’s face was again rigid and cold.
“Perhaps you have not seen what my bio-
logical weapons can do . . . Guard! Bring
in the others!”

  Aram felt an icy hand closing about
his heart. The others . . .

  'Kant Mikal . . . the men and women.of
the Star Cluster . . .

  “Santane . . . you haven’t . . .!” Jer-
rold broke off in horror as the guard re-
7—Planet Stories—November

turned, leading a line of five shambling
beasts. The creatures fought the chains
that bound them, howling with outrage.

  “How,” demanded Santane, “can Ter-
minus attack me if they face that?” His
eyes lit, kindled with some obscene plea-
sure at the spectacle. “First there are
pains in the neck and head. Blinding-
agonizing pains! Then comes uncon-
sciousness, and memory goes . . . then
the glands alter, and men beome . . .
beasts . .

  Deve Jennet moaned. Her friends and
comrades were in that line of disfigured
subhuman things. She clutched at Aram
for support.

  Jerrold felt red fury explode within
him. He wanted to feel his bare hands
on Santane’s throat . . . his teeth in his
flesh. With an oath he launched himself
bodily at the smiling madman, hands grop-
ing for the throat under the twisted grin.
He saw Santane back away in sudden
fright, and the black flash of the guard
interposing himself between them. The
guard raised his rifle and brought the
muzzle down in a chopping arc. Aram
felt a searing pain above his eyes and
pitched into , a reddish blur of oblivion ...

JERROLD AWOKE in a small, glassed-
in chamber. His head ached dully,
and he could feel the stiffness of dried
blood on his brow. He rolled over and
staggered to his feet, realizing that he
must be at the very pinnacle of the mighty
skylon that housed Santane’s headquar-
ters.

  The same black guard who had struck
him down stood impassive in the comer,
and Aram could see Santane standing
with Deve on a small landing stage beyond
the glass. He saw something else, too,
and his breath came faster. There was
a small air-sled on the landing stage,
bright with new paint and Santane’s own
insigne of the Trident and Flame.

  There was a subspace radio installation
in the corner of the aerie, and Aram
Jerrold knew instantly that he had been
brought up to the skylon’s top to es-
tablish contact with the invading Fleet,
to warn the forces of the Thirty Suns
to surrender.
98

PLANET STORIES

  Santane returned with Deve held at
his side. The sight of the man’s hand
possessively on Deve’s wrist brought a
return of Aram’s fury.

  “You see,” Santane Said with a thin
smile, “the Fleet does fear me. They have
broken off their attack f%nd are circling
beyond the stratosphere.”

  That meant, Aram knew, that the ships
of the Thirty Suns were preparing for
bombardment of Kaidor V. Knowing- the
richness of the nitrogen-bearing surface
soil of the planet, the Task Force com-
mander would undoubtedly be readying
his vessels to rain down nitrogen fission
bombs, trying to exceed critical mass in
the air and ground of the planet and
setting off chain reactions to rip it apart
by the expenditure of the energy con-
tained in the globe itself. Santane, not
being a space officer, could not know that.

  Kant Mikal’s wish to have something
saved from the wreckage now could be
accomplished in only two ways—both im-
possible to Aram’s mind.

  He and Deve could escape, and save
themselves ... or he could prevent San-
tane from launching his interstellar mis-
siles when the bombs began to fall.

  “Call the Fleet commander,” Santane
ordered brusquely. “Tell him he must land
and place himself ait my orders.”

  Such a call would be ignored. Aram
knew that . . .

  “Hurry!” Santane demanded pettishly.

  Still Aram could bring himself to no
decision.

  Santane turned, took a stoppered vial
from a cabinet and faced Aram again
with a scowl. “One drop of this on the
skin, and a human being becomes . . .
what you saw below. Shall I use it on the
woman to convince you where your duty
lies?”

  Aram felt his heart skip a beat. Santane
was not bluffing. Pressed, he would carry
out his threat from sheer perverted mal-
ice. Aram looked hungrily toward the
small air-sled on the landing . . .

  He took a step toward the radio. Very
probably his voice, recognized, would
bririgs the bombs even quicker—but there
was no way to convince Santane of that.
He was beyond reason.

  A high pitched sound broke the still-
ness. Aram pitched instinctively to the
floor as a bomb struck the ground far
below and near the base of the skylon!
The whole structure shook with the force
of the concussion, the glass of the aerie
fogging into a maze of tiny cracks. Frag-
ments of the ceiling came powdering
down. Santane staggered against the wall,
the vial still in his hand, a look of ter-
rified disbelief on his face.

  “No!” he gasped. “They wouldn’t
dare . .

  Aram tried to reach Deve’s side, but
Santane was quicker..

  “Tell them to call off the attack!” he
screamed, “or I infect the woman!
Quickly! Quickly!”

ARAM SPUN on his knee and dived
for Santane. The vial flew across the
room and shattered against the wall. Jer-
rold smashed his fist into Santane’s dis-
torted face—he felt the splintering of
teeth in the shattered mouth. A sizzling
beam of fire flashed past Aram’s eyes.
He straightened and struck Santane again,
sending the man staggering across the
room.

  Instead of attacking or trying to es-
cape, Santane leaped for a wall commun-
icator. His battered face was a mask of
maniacal rage. Jerrold caught him but
. . . too late to prevent four words from
screeching into the microphone . . .

  “Fire the virus missiles!”

  Aram sobbed with frustrated rage and
swung his clenched fists again and again
into Santane’s Moody face. He rolled
on the littered floor, trying to strangle
the life from the wildly struggling mad-
man who had spawned disaster.

  Another bomb fell, rocking the skylon.
Beams clattered down from the towering
superstructure, caving in sections of the
aerie’s roof. The guard, who had been
circling for a safe shot at Aram, shrieked
in agony as a metal section took him
across the shoulders and snapped his back
like a twig.

  Suddenly Aram felt a wetness on his
clothes and a bitterness on his tongue.
The two wrestling men had rolled into
THE LAST TWO ALIVEI

99

the pool of liquid from the broken vial.

  Sanctane screamed with terror, and in
a frantic burst of energy, broke away
and stumbled out onto the landing stage
and the air-sled.

Deve rushed to Aram, helping him to
his feet. As she touched him, he recoiled.

  “Don’t, Deve! Don’t touch me!”

  But the girl’s hands, too, were wet
with the sticky stuff of the vial, and Aram
knew with a sick certainty that they
were both infected with the virus of bes-
tiality.

  “After him!” Hopeless now, sick with
despair, Aram wanted only to kill San-
tane.

  But Santane had not launched the air-
sled. Instead he knelt on its deck, a medi-
cal kit in his hands. He was trying with
trembling fingers to fill a syringe from
a narrow capsule. Jerrold knocked the
instrument from his hands and dragged
him from the machine. The madman
fought back with desperate strength, but
Aram smashed him again and again
against the stones of the landing. In a
last spasmodic effort, Santane caught
Aram by the throat and forced him toward
the edge. Far below, the glowing, radio-
active smoke of death roiled against the
sides of the weakened skylon. Aram
could see flames eating ravenously at the
lower levels. Santane shrieked with tri-
umph as Aram hung momentarily over
the abyss. Aram twisted . . .

  And then Santane was gone, vanishing
in a long wailing fall, twisting and turn-
ing like a rag-doll until his scream of
terror blended with the cry of another
falling bomb,

WITHOUT PAUSING to catch his
breath, Jerrold returned to the air-
sled and picked up the syringe. It was
only partly full, and the capsule that San-
tane had used to load it had been smashed.
It was the antidote ... it had to be the
antidote!

  “Deve, here!” With shaking hands he
caught her arm and sank the needle into
her flesh, squeezing the plunger down.
As the fluid in the cylinder reached the
half-way point, Deve pulled away.

  “That’s enough! The rest is for you,”
she breathed.

  “No, Deve! I don’t know if it’s enough
for both of us. Santane was going to
take the full measure for himself, and
he should know,. . .”

  Deve Jennet shook her head. “I don’t
care,” she said. “I wouldn’t want to go
on . . . without you.”

  Aram pleaded but Deve would not be
convinced. She had no wish to survive
alone. Finally, Aram took the syringe
and emptied it into his forearm.

  “Now, we’ll see,” he muttered.

  The howl of bombs was a steady, in-
creasing cacophony now, and, though
ships of Santane’s fleet still fought, the
Thirty Suns naval force bombed almost
at will. The skylon shook and buckled
under the bombardment and the radia-
tion count on the counters in the wrecked
aerie showed an increasingly dangerous
concentration. Still the virus missiles took
the air, streaking the radioactive clouds
with their tail-flares, and Aram watched
with sick horror as the awful spawn of
the Kaidor Sun rose to spread bestiality
while he stood helplessly by.

  “Aram,” Deve spoke to him gently
amid the rising symphony of destruction.
“We have to get clear, Aram. Remember
what Kant Mikal said . . . and we are
all that’s left now.”

  “The Fleet . . .”

  “The Fleet will return to Terminus.
We can’t stop them,” Deve said with
finality.

  Aram knew it was true. Mindless to
the last, the bureaucracy would stick to
its directives and general orders. The
Fleet would return ... to oblivion.

THEY MOUNTED the air-sled and
slanted up into the tortured air of
the dying planet. A huge starship with
the golden Spaceship and Sun blazon came
hurtling down out of the sky like a
fiery brand, a smaller ship bearing San-
tane’s Trident and Flame imbedded in
its flank. The two ships dissolved into
a ball of greasy fire as they smashed into
the crowded buildings of shattered Astrel.

  More and more nitrogen fission bombs
were falling now as the air-sled streaked
100	PLANET

across the flaming sky toward the ravine
that hid the Serpent. The very soil of
the planet seemed to dance in a hellish
carnival of destruction. Glancing back,
Aram saw the towering skylon come
plunging down in torrents of nibble and
human flesh. He knew with finality that
he was witnessing the end of everything
he had known—the chaotic collapse of
a culture that had spawned its own neme-
sis. Man—diving from the pinnacle of
stellar dominion to the depths of nothing-
ness . . . because he had tolerated tyranny.

  Jerrold shook his head to clear away
the sudden pain that stabbed across his
temples. One thought grew in his mind
with increasing clarity. He and Deve must
somehow survive. Perhaps other men and
women would come through the end in
remote worlds, but there was no way of
being certain. He had to be sure ... he
had to know that the end would not
come for all the race. He, a man, and
Deve, a woman, could still carry out the
mercifully dead Kant Mikal’s injunction.
In those fleeting moments above the
writhing, doomed surface of Kaidor V,
survival became an obsession with Aram
Jerrold.

  The Serpent awaited them where they
had left it, and they hurried through the
valve, feeling the tremblors of the fifth
planet’s death agonies.

  Aram drove the ship upward, seeking
the safety of space and their haven. Both
knew where they were going, though
neither had put it into words.

  At a distance of five diameters from
the globe of Kaidor V, Aram paused to
see the death of a world.

  Like a savage animal, the Fleet con-
tinued to worry.the trembling planet with
a vicious hail of bombs. The pair in the
Serpent could see bright internal fires as
the crust of the world split under the
hideous attack. Like a stricken thing, Kai-
dor V seemed to totter on its axis. Great
chunks of rock were blown clear by the
pressure of expanding inner fires.

  For hours, the death agonies of the
planet continued, until finally, like a
bursting bubble, the globe expanded. Huge
slashes appeared from pole to pole. The
ice caps vanished into twin clouds of

STORIES

superheated steam. Fragments peeled off
as gravitational balances were disturbed.
Globules of molten lava fanned out, like
strings of beads. Kaidor V trembled
with a cosmic delirium—great promin-
ences of atomic fire leaping far into
space. And then, quite suddenly, it was
over. With its heart ripped out by the
violent fission of its inner substance, the
hollow shell collapsed into a swirling,
nebulous cloud of cosmic rubble, rapidly
spreading out into a belt of tiny plane-
toids spanning the place where once a
mighty world circled the parent star . . .

*	* *

  The Serpent settled softly into a
wooded glade and grew still. Within,
Aram Jerrold fought the wracking pains
in his head, screaming aloud with the
agony of it. Deve lay unconscious on the
steel deck, moaning softly.

  Aram knew that the antidote he had
injected into their veins was not enough.
Vaguely, he recalled that once—long ago,
it seemed—he had been told that a small
amount of specific would prevent physical
damage. But the virus was claiming him,
nonetheless. The pounding agony in his
head was streaked with delirious phan-
tasms. Kant Mikal’s words echoed through
his brain, though he no longer recog-
nized them as other than his own. His
screaming madness took the shape of those
words as he lifted Deve in his arms and
staggered out of the ship.

  Driven by some deep seated racial
memory, he stumbled toward the sea—
the mother—the giver of life. The sheer
brutal agony of the virus increased with
every step, blinding him.with its inten-
sity, until at last he could bear it no
longer and sank to his knees on the white
sand of a beach and pitched forward
across the still form of the woman he
carried, hands outstretched toward the
shallows of a restless sea that laved him
. . . laved him . . .

DEVE STOOD NUDE in the glory
of the morning sunlight and lifted
her arms to the sky in an ecstacy of free-
dom. “How lovely it is,” she murmured.

  The figure at her feet stirred and she
touched him playfully with a bare foot.
THE LAST TWO ALIVEI

101

  Aram woke, puzzled. Something, deep
in the back of his mind troubled him.
There had been something . . .

  “Come swim with me!’'

  Aram looked up at the naked girl be-
fore him. She was Deve. He knew that.
He tried to remember more, but he could
not. A strange shroud seemed to have
covered up everything . . . language he
-seemed to command, but . . .

  He put the troublesome thoughts out
of his mind and stripped off the strange
coverings on his body. Hand in hand
with Deve, he waded into the sea. They
swam and played in the warm sunlight,
and presently, tiring of their sport, sought
the shade of a wooded glade.

  As they walked hand in hand among
the flowering shrubs under the trees, Deve
stopped abruptly.

  “Aram,” die said, puzzled, “what is
jthat?”

  An alien shape stood among the ver-
dure, gleaming where the sunlight pierced
the foliage. It was a long cylinder, tap-
ered at both ends and lined with round,
blank ports. They stood there staring at
the spaceship with perplexed incompre-
hension. Both had a vague feeling that
it was familiar.

  “What is it, Aram?” the girl asked
again.

  “I . . . don’t know,” he confessed.

  “I think we did know . . . once,” Deve
said softly. “Aram, why are we here?”
Why? The question touched off sparks
of memory that brightened and as quickly
faded. Aram spoke, painfully dredging
the words from .beyond the veil of forget-
fulness.

  “We . . . must . . . save . . . something
. . . from the ruins.”

  “What ruins?” the girl asked impa-
tiently. “What is it we must save?”

  But memory had faded. Aram could
not answer her.

  Still she persisted with feminine cur-
lousity unsatisfied.

  “Aram, what is this place?”

  For a long moment he stood in silence
beside her in the sun-splashed glade. He
listened to the gentle sound of the wind
in the trees and the restless murmur of
the sea. Presently he replied, but with
a question. “Are you happy here, Deve?”
“Oh, yes!” she breathed.

He took her in his arms, the space-
ship and the past completely forgotten.
“Then this is . . . Paradise,” he said.

EPILOGUE

. . . And twenty thousand years after, as
Man reached again for the stars . . .
these two lived in memory ... as Adam
and Eve.

L
DIANETICS: A Door to the Future

By JAMES BUSH

AN increased life-span, freedom from 70%
of all human illnesses and a major increase
. in intelligence—these are only a few of
the benefits promised us by a new science called
“dianetics.”

  “Dianetics” is both the name of a recent book
about how the human mind operates, and the gen-
eral term used to cover specific methods of re-
pairing, healing and perfecting the human mind.

  Just how does the human mind work? Up to a
few years ago nobody really knew.

  Why does the human mind fail to work effi-
ciently at times, or all the time? Another mystery.

  If the claims made for the new science of dia-
netics are borne out; both those mysteries are now
solved. Some of these claims are so flabbergast-
ing as to stagger even the hardened science-fiction
fan. For instance:

  Dianetics claims to have cured many types of
heart ailment, arthritis, the common cold, stomach
ulcers, sinus trouble, asthma, and many other dis-
eases, amounting to about 70% of the whole cat-
alogue of human ills.

  Dianetics also claims to have cured virtually
every known form of mental disease. These cures
have encompassed the severest form of insanity,
workers in dianetics declare flatly.

  Furthermore—and in this claim (among others)
lies dianetics’ bid to be called a science—dianetics
claims to be able to cure all these aberrations and
diseases every time, without fail. At the time this
is being written, some months before you will
read it, dianetics has been tried on a minimum of
300 people, and, its originators say, has worked
100% without failure in all these cases.

  Nor is this all, fantastic though what I’ve al-
ready written may seem to be. Use of dianetic
therapy on so-called “normal” people seems to
produce changes in them which can only be de-
scribed as dynamite.

  “Normal” people treated by dianetic therapy,
it’s said, undergo a rise in intelligence, efficiency,
and well-being averaging a third above their pre-
vious capacity! In one case, a woman, the IQ—
intelligence quotient—rose 50 points before the
full course of therapy was run!

  Such “clears,” as they are called, are said to be
immune to any and all forms of mental disease,
and to any and all forms of organic diseases
caused by mental or emotional difficulties.

  It might be a good idea to stop here and ask
the names of the people who are making these in-
credible claims. They are none of them profes-
sional quacks, faith-healers, bread-piil rollers, or
other forms of swindlers. They are all men with

solid reputations, and all, as it happens, quite
familiar to the science-fiction reader.

  The leader of the new school of thought is L.
Ron Hubbard, author of “Fear,” “Final Black-
out,” and many other science-fiction classics. By
trade, Hubbard is an engineer.

  Hubbard’s two principal confreres are John W.
Campbell, Jr., and Dr. Joseph E. Winter. Mr.
Campbell, of course, is widely known even to the
general public as a government consultant in
nuclear physics, the author of “The Atomic
Story,” and to us as the editor of a top-notch
science-fiction magazine. Dr. Winter, who by the
way is an M.D., not a Ph.D., has published some
science-fiction stories; but until dianetics came
along, he was best known as an expert endocrino-
logist of unimpeachable reputation.

  Hubbard’s book,* however, does not include
any formal evidence for the claims. The Dianetics
Institute in Elizabeth, N. J., is equally unwilling
to offer authenticated case records or any other
evidence of that specific kind. The book, dianetics
men point out, offers the therapy procedures in
complete detail. If you want case histories, per-
form your own experiments.

  As it happens, one of the more spectacular cures
claimed by dianetics took place in the New York
area, and could be checked from outside sources.
Jerome Bixby, editor of Planet Stories, checked
it. The claim was so; hospital authorities who
have no connection with dianetics as a movement
vouch for it, cautiously but definitely.

  My own personal tests of the therapy—on my-
self, my wife, and a friend (namely, Jerome
Bixby)—haven’t proceeded very far as yet. But
as far as they’ve gone, they check with the claims.
The phenomena Hubbard describes in the book
do appear. They appear in the order in which he
says they appear. And they match his descriptions
of them to the letter. Such after-effects as we’ve
been able to observe also check.

  If dianetics does work—and every check I’ve
been able to run thus far indicates that it does—
it may well be the most important discovery of
this or any other century. It will bring the long-
sought “rule of reason” to the problems of local
and world politics, communication, law, and ah
most every other field of human endeavor—the
goal of a 3000 year search.

  ♦DIANETICS, by L. Ron Hubbard. Hermitage
House, New York, 1950; $4.00. Hermitage, by the
'way, is the publisher of a number of books on
psychology and psychoanalysis universally ac-
knowledged to be serious contributions to the field.

102
THE VIZIGRAPH

T O include James Blish’s last-minute article
on DIANETICS, we’ve had to cramp the Vizi-
graph a bit this issue; therefore (in order to run
as many letters as possible) some five hundred
words_ of your editor’s carefully considered prose
have just hit the wastebasket. The several items
below, however, we stubbornly refuse to discard.

  Two books, one recent and the other dated
1947: THE SHADOW ON THE HEARTH
by Judith Merril, and THE KEY TO THE
GREAT GATE by Hinko Gottlieb. Recom-
mended. Miss Merril’s first novel stands as an
intimate and very immediate picture of what A-
war may mean, not to our society as a whole or
to the brass, but to and within the family group.
It makes for thoughtful reading. Gottlieb’s book,
on the other hand, is a cheerful and fantastic
canvas in a more-or-less solid Einsteinian frame.
The publishers are respectively Doubleday and
Simon & Schuster.

  A mysterious system of our own reveals that
the favorite stories of the last issue were
STRANGE EXODUS, THE CROWDED
COLONY, STAR SHIP and THE SKY IS
FALLING, in that order. On debit, few stories
received more than perfunctory snarls . . . hope
you like this issue as well.

  Pic winners are 1) Bruce Hapke; 2) Ed Cox;
3) Douglas Creighton,

Jerome Bixby

TALES OF CHARACTER

                    130 West 183 St.

                    New York 53, N. Y.

Dear Editor:

  Congratulations (slightly belated) on your ac-
cession to high office—and with all due credit to
your predecessors, Planet Stories seems to be
improving under your guidance. The new typog-
raphy, on the contents page and at the individual

story headings, is particularly good; is it per-
manent or is this only a trial run? (Permanent—
Ed.)

  The stories are good, too. (Don’t snort and
toss this away; I’ll go into greater detail later.)
One of the most pleasant things about PS re-
mains its use of tales of character; though the
plots are there (and very nicely worked out, be-
sides) your readers aren’t afflicted with the mo-
notonously creaking, mechanically inhuman pre-
cision of plots in other science-fiction magazines,
where characterization is reduced to the ultimate
minimum, and the cast of the stories can only be
distinguished from each other by the labels of
their names. Maybe Planet does contain "Cliff-
Hanger Stuff” but the cliff-hangers-ers da come
alive for at least the duration of the story.

  And now for specific criticism.

  THE REBEL OF VALKYR falls into the
class of old wine in new bottles, but who cares ?
This “vintage” is a particularly fine one, and Al-
fred Coppel proves here that he has a keen his-
torical sense as well as the ability to write with
thrilling vividness. That picture of the warlords
racing through space in technically near-perfect
ships lit by smoky oil lamps is a magnificent bit
of description that epitomizes the Second Em-
pire’s entire level of culture. Although the ending
liad a strong Prisoner of Zenda flavor, it was
nevertheless effective, and the t®le simply cries
out for a sequel—perhaps more than one.

  C. H. Liddell’s THE SKY IS FALLING
(awfully reminiscent, that title) was a nice ex-
ploration of slightly abnormal mental processes,
and a really dangerous phobia that is becoming,
unfortunately, only too common. A well-written
yarn, nothing extraordinary, but distinctly prom-
ising better to come.

  STAR SHIP displayed a marvelous instance
of restraint in titles—it could so easily have been
THE KURSE OF KHAZAK—but it really
didn’t have much bearing on the story, which

103
104	PLANET

was pleasantly told. Poul Anderson’s handling
of the clashing loyalties of his characters was
just a shade overdone, but, otherwise, STAR
SHIP was truly interesting.

  William Shedenhelm’s PATCH repeated the
old, familiar refrain: that machines can’t replace
human experience and ingenuity—and the author
knew when to stop and also how to include a
chuckly brand of humor.

  Aside from its somewhat queasy-making de-
scriptions, STRANGE EXODUS hadn’t any
particularly remarkable achievements of char-
acter or plot; Robert Abernathy has written bet-
ter stories, especially novels and novelets. He
seems to require a story-telling scope that the
shorter form doesn’t permit him. However, this
certainly wasn’t a bad story; in such company,
though, it doesn’t rate very high.

  Margaret St. Clair’s MEEM may have had
great potentialities for irony or satire, but it
didn’t quite come off—the same problem as Aber-
nathy’s short story: insufficient space for devel-
opment.

 THE CROWDED COLONY—ah! Jay Drex-
el’s tale deserves nothing less than superlatives.
Like Alfred Coppel’s novel, it was a well-worn
plot, superbly handled and beautifully ironic—-
but events have a habit of occurring in just that
way. It’s not hard to guess why another story
by this author is scheduled for the next issue.

  If this be treason, make the most of it. Ray
Bradbury’s DEATH-WISH was not quite so
conspicuous for the reek of the charnel-house
as was some of his past work, but the general
atmosphere was present as usual. It is high time
that Mr. Bradbury realized that death is an in-
evitable experience for all humanity, that there
is no reason for regarding it with a morbid de-
light and that he is alienating a good many of
his readers with his persistent dwelling on
the horrors of decay and dissolution. It’s true
that he possesses undoubted skill in waiting and
a fine literary style, but if he were to turn his
talents to more constructive topics than the grave-
yard, I believe his stories would enjoy a far
greater popularity and esteem than they do at
present. (By the way, the title DEATH-WISH
takes a towering place on the list of poor choices ;
it gave the whole plot away before the story
began.)

  This letter isn’t very short either but I haven’t
written to PS for a long while, and I’m catching
up on lost time.

  Congratulations, again, on an outstanding issue.

                          Sincerely,

Rose Jacobowitz

BEST SINCE "GREEN DEATH"

                      do 3555 Edison
                      Hillsdale
                      San Mateo
                      California

Dear Editor Bixby:

  My earnest thanks for helping me out on the
change of address concerning Conrad Johnson.
This is one of the distinct traits of the coopera-
tion between editor and reader that distinguishes
fantasy and science-fiction from other fields.

  The Fall Planet was received with open
arms, for its bi-monthly announcement, and be-
cause attraction of non-adventure stf jpalls

STORIES

when you consider the sum total of competitors
which hand it out. Planet alone mixes inter-
planetary yarns with occasional time-travel, off-
trail, and even sociological themes.

  Alfred Coppel is not one of my favorite writ-
ers, but he will be. If Asimov and the Foundation
are presently inactive, by all means let us hear
Mr. Coppel's views on the intricate machinations
of galactic empire. REBEL OF VALKYR is
the best PS tale since McDowell’s GREEN
DEATH.

  One comment here. Asimov borrowed the planet
“Kalgan” from E. E. Smith, and Alfred Coppel
reciprocated by using it in REBEL. Now, the
question is not one of plagiarism (since a com-
mon description of a galaxy benefits the reader
by placing him in familiar surroundings) but
this: where did Smith get it ?

  Mrs. St. Clair’s MEEM was one of those rari-
ties in stfantasy: a theme of sex, treated adultly,
and presented for obviously mature readers. If
PLANET will pioneer in the use of sex themes
as it is used by novelists, and not as employed
for titillation by the current rash of “Sexy”
novels, they will have as great a success as they
had with Ray Bradbury. And altho I reserve
judgment here, just look what Ray’s doing: slick
publication!

  Maybe I’ll write a sex-science-fiction novel for
you, when I’ve 10,000 words to spare. “Scintillat-
ing Siren of Space” or “Valiant Valkyrie of the
Void”. Y’know. (Maybe “Whispering Were-
Winds of Wilma’s Weasel-World?” . . . heyl
. . . that’s “IT’IL . . . that's “IT”! I—Ed.)

                             That’s all.

C. Stewart Meichette

POOR LITTLE MARTIANS

                           546 Ellis

                       Wichita 9, Kansas

Dear Editor:

  Congratulations on _ your new issue as you
seem to be endeavoring to take Planet out
of its old rut. I certainly hope you can do it.

  Concerning the lead novel, are Alfred Coppel
and C. L. Moore connected in any manner ? Some
of his phrases in this story are reminiscent of
Moore’s Judgment Night in Astounding some
years back. It is as if a person were disguising
their handwriting but some of the traits showed
anyhow.

  I cannot buy the basic premise of the story.
People just don’t act like that and forget every-
thing they ever knew. Please don’t go poking
the fall of Rome at me either, as very little actual
knowledge was lost in the shuffle. It was the loss
of a strong central government that did the dirty,
work.

  Nor did it sound natural for the guy to walk
off and leave the girl just because he had made
her Empress. If he, as a king, could not have
her, nobody could. But history shows that people
don’t act that way. If they loved each other as
they were supposed to, he would have become
her consort and aided her in ruling. The other
way just didn’t jell.

  STRANGE EXODUS certainly was unusual
to say the least. I don’t recall any story that had
just that way of solving the problem. Speaking
of _ parasites, though, wouldn’t some of our poli-
ticians have gotten along splendidly under those
circumstances I I could name quite a few that
THE VIZIGRAPH	105

have never been anything but parasites, so they
would already be qualified.

  Pop Gillette of PATCH was an unusual char-
acter and I rather liked him, as I could appreci-
ate what made him tick. Perhaps we will hear
from him again in the future?

 The CROWDED COLONY was another
story with an unusual twist. I thought it was
going to be another one of those “naughty Earth-
men persecuting the poor little Martians” stories
that we have had now and then.

  STAR SHIP was another good story. The
theme was in reality the same as in the lead
novel. However it was handled a lot better in
the short story. To have events happen the way
they did in the novel every school, library, fac-
tory, and every other thing that could recall the
psat would have to be wiped out. (In one szvcll
foop?—Ed.) Also the people then alive would
know about science and they wouldn’t lie to their
children and pretend that science was witchcraft
so nobody would understand it anymore. The
people in the short story still had their knowl-
edge left, so they built a modern culture so they
could regain their ship. Man is inheritantly a
builder, so the shorter story was far more plaus-
ible.

                       Respectfully,

Edwin Sigler

NEW IDEAS

                  201 Veterans Village
                  Canton, New York

Dear Mr. Bixby:

  Congratulations upon congratulations! Two more
Planets every blessed year. It shouldn’t be long
before you get up to the regulation number (how
many planets are there, anyhow?).

  The Fall issue was crammed with fine short-
stories. To those who seem to find Bradbury an
inferior imitator of the “expatriates” of the
twenties, I'd like to say that Bradbury’s ideas
seem to me much more interesting than a lot of
the earlier stuff and that I’m unwilling to admit,
as a drawback to any kind of story, a style which
makes the action and surroundings of the story
exceedingly vivid.

  The idea in STRANGE EXODUS is a new
one to me and therefore most welcome. The idea
of Hl&n as a parasite on a larger organism can
probably be used several times more without
exhausting it.

  MEEM also is a new one—or else the We®
never crept past the censors before.

  But the combination of THE REBEL OF
VALKYR and STAR SHIP in one issue make
me suddenly conscious of a paucity of thrill. You
might ask the readers whether they think feudal-
ism intrinsically fascinating and the authors
whether feudalism is a necessary and probable
outcome of extended space travel. Personally,
I’m glad we’re out of it for the time being.

  Pics in this order: Doug Creighton, Lin Carter,
Larry Rothstein, For no particular reasons.

Betsy Curtis

STF CYCLE?

                        Box 1723
                        Fargo, N. D.

Dear Editor:

  The tip you gave me in the Fall Vizigraph led

WORK SHIRTS

  Embroidered

 NAME

 FREE

  With Each
  Order
  Over $1.00

3 for 1.79

AMAZING VALUES!

SAVE money! Those are surplus stock from a big supply firm.
Sturdy, serviceable work shirts, though used, have been
v/ashed. sterilized and reconditioned. Every shirt of long-wear-
ing wash matorials. Blue or tan. Strongly sewn; reinforced
stitching at points of strain. Money back guarantee!

WORK PANTS TO MATCH........................99c

 Blua or Tan. Send waist measure anti leg length.

SHIRT & PANTS TOGETHER..................$1.68

 Blue or Tan. Send shirt neck size, waist and leg length.

COVERALLS “send Si measurement. $1.49
Send No Money!

 Give namo. address, city or town, size and color choieo (also
 stato 2nd color choice). Pay postman plus postaoo. Or send
 cash and wo ship prepaid. Keep 10 days. If not satisfied,
 return for refund!

 MgII Your Order Today!

YOUNG DISTRIBUTING CO.

Depf. R-A 260S Elmhurst Detroit 6. Mich.

fORMEN ONLY?

TH£ GIRLS LOVE IT TOO !! &

 4 BOOKS

EACH DIFFERENT!

 MORE THAN

    M"500^.,u
    1 BUCK'

             MfJN£r BACk . OUAkANTtt

LARCH BOOK CO.

118 East 28 St., New York 16, Dopt. 158-A
106	PLANET

  PS’s
      FEATURE FLASH

C. H. Liddell, whose novelet CARRY ME HOME
is spotlighted in this issue, is one of our new-
est and most valued contributors. After read-
ing—and swiftly buying—several of his tales,
we got to wondering about the man himself
... so we asked ... so he answered. Meet
the creator of Red Rohan:

  “You are embarrassing me, you know, by in-
quiring into my quite ordinary way of life and
what makes me tick. However, I will answer
your specific questions the best I can, and as to
my peculiarities, I can only say that I have had
a terrific interest in scicnce and fantasy litera-
ture ever since I can remember. Being an only
child, I found a lot of time to read—and I read
everything I could get my hands on. I remem-
ber that once my. father gave me a paperback
copy of THE MYSTERIOUS ISLAND, by
Jules Verne, to read. My mother, God love her,
found that book in my room before I had fin-
ished reading it and took it away from me, up-
braiding Dad for letting me read such wild trash.
Dad, ever a gentle man, mildly defended Mr.
Verne to no avail. I believe this incident instilled
in me a deadly curiosity to know more about such
marvelous adventures which Dad said were scien-
tific and Mother said were "trash.” I fear the
thirst has become an unquenchable flame.

  “I do not have a great deal of time for interests
outside of my work, but I consider writing sci-
ence fiction and fantasy my hobby, avocation—
relaxation. I think I first got started doing it
because of my impatience with many radio pro-
grams which built up suspense and interest in
their plays and then fizzled out miserably in the
climax. And more recently the television shows
have been doing the same thing. Only rarely
have I found a fantasy play which builds up to
a good climax and then has a decent one. I
guess I grumbled too much, for my wife finally
got exasperated and told me that if I didn’t
like the endings of the plays I listened to, to
write some of my own.

 “So I did. And to my unbounded amazement
my stories are beginning to sell. I’ve been for-
bidden by my agent to give him a plug, so all
I can say is that I am grateful to the editor and
readers of Planet Stories for liking my mate-
rial, and I’ll try never to let you down.”

  There we have a thumbnail sketch of Charles
H. Liddell, industrial research chemist of Kansas
City, Missouri—one of the few writers who turns
out science-fantasy because he loves it, and not
because he has to eat. Still in his thirties, Charles

H.	Liddell is happily married to a Kansas City
girl and commutes five days a week to K.C.,
Mo., to do laboratory research. On week-ends,
when Mrs. Liddell hasn’t other plans, he loses
himself in the spinning of such stories as CARRY
ME HOME.

STORIES

me to read MEEM first It was outstanding,
which is the highest compliment I am willing
to pay a stf story (I’m not convinced that the
pulp field sprouts forth “classics” every few is-
sues). I though that the CROWDED COLONY
would also be good, but was disappointed. The
plot twist which ended the story was clever, but
the excellent anti-exploitation and anti-racist
theme was weakened, if not ruined, by thus con-
triving that terrestrial supremacy (white supre-
macy) should be upheld.

  DEATH-WISH. Bradbury need never write
another word. All he has to say is summed up in
that title. And my congratulations to Wayne
Pryor and Douglas Creighton. I don’t like Brad-
bury. I have no taste for unrelieved morbidity.
There was a time when I liked him, I admit, but
no longer; and an increasing number of fans
seem to be experiencing a like reaction.

  Every Vizigraph includes a few letters com-
menting on Planet’s use of old-time inter-
planetary adventure fiction, as contrasted with
the streamlined "serious” science story; such
comments being hastily qualified with, "That's
okay; that’s the way I like it.” Stick to your
present policies. It may not be long before
Planet’s type of literature will again domi-
nate the field, and the tale of straight science,
with its pretenses to serious significance, be in
eclipse.

  A change has come over science fiction within
the ten years or more during which I’ve been
reading it. We read less today about glorious in-
ventions which will introduce the millennium.
Since Hiroshima there has come about a wide-
spread feeling among the public (dating from
some time previously among philosophers, but
not generally accepted until the last five years)
that science does not have all the answers, nor
necessarily very good answers; and it is not so
easy as formerly to write convincingly about a
scientific utopia. (Note to Weinstein: Please
don’t bother replying to me. I know your views,
but I know also that increasing numbers of peo-
ple are coming to disagree with you.) In place
of the visions of bright tomorrows, three themes
predominate: (1) world destruction, usually
atomic; (2) super-scientific world of the future,
represented as 'hell on earth; (3) new Adam and
Eve escape into primordial world to start the
race over. (OUCH!—Ed.) There is a certain
romantic enjoyment in such reading, but nothing
to guarantee long-term appeal to the public of
any size.

  The much-maligned stf thriller, while it too
may have been influenced at the outset by the
prevailing optimism (grander adventures than
ever awaiting mankind in that chrome-plated fu-
ture), has, due to momentum and reader appeal,
remained almost unchanged. It can be taken with-
out seriousness, as enjoyable light reading—
and, all intellectual pretensions aside, that is what
fans read for, even as anyone else. And as the
scientific outlook darkens, increasing numbers of
readers will wish to forget about it and read
for escape.

  Why not an illustration for Sigler? Nobody
seems to like the fellow, but he keeps coming
back undaunted. Such determination merits some
sort of award.

Ray H. Ramsay
ONLY

    A fresh, new line of comic booklets
    .for adults. Rich in lusty humor, with
    good, clear illustrations. 12 of these
    little booklets, all different, sent to
    you prepaid for $1. No COD please
    ^ )	NOVEL ARTS,

// P.O. BOX 410. DANVILLE. ILL.'

THE VIZIGRAPH

DARNED GOOD ISSUE

                       2711 La Salle Street
Racine, Wisconsin
Ah, Jerome, my boy . . .

   At last in all this seething, futile mass o. nutnan-
ty I have found a kindred soul. At last I have
found an editor whose policy agrees with the
way I would run the magazine. Our minds think
as one. (Romantic, ain’t it? If you were a beau-
tiful blonde I’d ask you to marry me . . . if the
dowery were right.) (My daddy owns a bank—
Ed.)

  No foolin’ ed., you turned out a da. . . er . . .
darned good issue, so good, in fact, that I can’t
decide which story was best. So I won’t; I’ll
divide first place between STAR SHIP and
THE CROWDED COLONY. The latter story
had a novel twist that caught me right when I
least expected it, and Anderson’s novelet was a
well-written, well-plotted tale by an author who
I would like to see more of in P. S. (January ish
■—Ed.) Now that you have one big-name author
besides Bradbury in your clutches, how about
luring a few more? I'll bet van Vogt could write
a thud-and-blunder story that would blow the
house (FICTION HOUSE’s sales, that is) sky-
high. Other suggestions are Theodore Sturgeon,
Jack Williamson, L. Ron Hubbard ... on sec-
ond thought, Hubbard’s probably too busy with
dianetics. (By the way, what do you boys think
of dianetics? (See article by James Blish on
page 102—Ed.)

  Next, I have to divide second place between
REBEL OF VALKYR, STRANGE EXODUS,
and PATCH. RoV sounds like a good background
for a series (aw common ed., give us a series on
this story ... and on the ROCKETEERS HAVE
SHAGGY EARS background too), but I would
like to submit that of all the silly asses Planet’s
stories have had for heroes, Kieron of Valkyr
takes the cake (but not the girl).

  Tied for third place are the remaining three
stories about which no comment shall be made,
particularly Bradbury’s.

  I trust I expressed my sentiments about
Planet going bi-monthly sufficiently in a previous
letter,_ but anyway: “Three Cheers!” Shoulda
ben did a long time ago.

  Turning to the Vizigraph: if I could, I’d vote
myself number one spot . . . not because my letter
was so good (no, no, it wasn’t that good, really
it wasn’t ... oh, do you really think so? . . .
wel-1-1, if I have to admit it . . .) but because
of your comments; I darned near laughed myself
silly when I read them. Why don’t you and I
collaborate: I’ll write letters and you comment
on them. We’ll put them into an anthology and
make a million bucks. Since I can’t vote for my
letter, give originals to Morton Paley, Ed Cox
(R. Dee is not terrific), and Lin Carter.

  Always there’s got to be somebody who claims
that thud-and-blunder will drive P.S. from the
market. But I beg to differ that it will not. It
seems to me that there are two types of stf:
there’s the “scientific” science-fiction, as repre-
sented by aSF (please Jerry, do not ruin our
beautiful friendship by following the example of
your predecessor and deleting the names of other
promags), and there’s the so called “thud-and-
blunder” science fiction, as represented by Planet.
I don't see how anyone can say that one is any
better than the other, any more than he c&n com-

WANT TO BE A MERCHANT SEAMAN?

STARTING PAV

 APPROX. AV,
 MONTHLY
 OR MORE
 PLUS FOOD
 OVERTIME
 LODGING

TRAVEL-ADVENTURE
CAREER AT SEA ON
AMERICAN SHIPS

NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED TO START
EX-SERVICEMEN WITH SUFFICIENT SERVICE
MAY OUALIFY FOR SHIP'S OFFICERS
for further Information WRITE today to:
MERCANTILE INFORMATION BUREAU OF GALVESTON
Box 6954-D, Walbrook Station Baltimore 16, Md.

SPEEDY STITCHER

Sews Lock-Stitch Like a Machine

Do YOU want
MONEY. LOVE, and POWER?

^ 1^	Do you feel that opportunity is pass-

in? you by? That if someone showed
KB you HOW, you could earn big money,
*,c popular and make people admire
Kv SfH you? Wouldn’t you like to win in
pBfey r-iM whatever you do? Boss those who now
boss you? Deane Hammond, a college
trained New York Public Relations
Executive has compiled a FORMULA

FOR SUCCESS that helped him to
wide the door to SUCCESS,
LOVE and HAPPINESS. Don’t sit on the sidelines while

others obtain life’s greatest pleasures. Just send me your
name and address for a 10 DAY TRIAL. When the post-
man delivers the booklet FORMULA FOR SUCCESS

with instructions, pay only $2 plus postage. Follow his

directions carefully and I PERSONALLY GUARAN-
TEE that if you are not COMPLETELY SATISFIED
within 10 days, I’ll send your $2 right back. You are en-
titled to try to gain for yourself the HEALTH,
WEALTH and HAPPINESS you have always wanted.
Write NOW to -

58 WALKER STREET
Dept. 145-AH, New York J3

TRULOVE
108	PLANET

pare pork chops and ice cream. They’re both
foods, and there are good and bad ice cream and
good and bad pork chops. In the same way, there
are good and bad scientific stf and good and bad
thud-and-blunder. But both are science fiction.
Planet prints good stf (THE GREAT GREEN
BLIGHT, MILLION YEAR PICNIC, and
others), and unfortunately it also prints bad stf
(It does not!—Ed.) (oh yes it does!) . . . but
then so does every other mag. Personally, I'd
hate to live on a steady diet of either, and I
think that deep down in their dear little hearts
most of the fen feel the same way: they read
and enjoy both types of stf equally well. So, more
good stories about space pirates and off-trail
worlds I

  By the_ way, I got quite a bang out of your
scientifictionianas (or is the plural scientifiction-
iani . . . no, I guess it’s scientifictionianas . . .
my goodness, did I write all that?). Also, just
in case I ever win an original (just in case) is
the one for the illustration on top of the contents
page available? (Sorry, iw—Ed.) Just thought
I’d ask (just in case).

Looditoo,

Bruce Hapke

WHO'S LAUGHING?

                      35 Sterling Road
                      Harrison, New York

Dear Jerry Built Editor:

  After plowing and crabbing my way through
PS and La Viz since I was twelve (all of four
years ago, and don’t sneer) I am now taking
typewriter in finger (singular) and hopping on
the bandwagon.

  First some bone picking, using an author’s head
to start with, of course. Vote Mr. She-den-helm
one large, first quality raspberry and a copy of
The Chemistry and Physics Handbook. The day
he pulls a trick like that I want to be present!
The unknown you can tamper with, but leave us
leave known facts alone; hoky-poky? I’m refer-
ing to the fact that Hg (Mercury to you dum-
bunces) is almost as heavy as Lead. This you
could restrain with Scotch tape? I ha’ me doots.

  There is no need of my knocking the cover and
blurb thereon. They were so miserable and mis-
leading I thought I had the wrong mag. However
the artist? should have had guts enough to sign
the mess; he’s out of reach of the readers (lucky,
lucky guy).

  Now for the brickbats and bouquets:

  1.	THE SKY IS FALLING, superfine; nay,
splendiferous. At last here is an author who
knows astronomy! I’m sick and tired of guys
who in writing about Mars depict her moons
like ours, when the fact is that the farther, Deimos,
would appear only as a bright star and Phobos
wouldn’t give a much better showing.

  2.	DEATH-WISH; far superior to his last
misspent miscreation, DEATH-BY-RAIN. The
title gave it away though; why not call it THE
BLUE BOTTLE or sumthin’? Be that as it may,
why doesn’t Ray write something equal to ZERO
HOUR or THE PILLAR OF FIRE these days?
Could it be he’s overproducing his capacity?

  3.	STRANGE EXODUS, two dozen roses to
Mr. Abernathy!

  4.	THE CROWDED COLONY, bueno! Good

STORIES

plot, well written. Too bad the second pic. wasn’t
in the story, I do so love a good wreck!

  5.	STAR SHIP, Good to the last drop, but
brother that was right off the cob! (we’ll now
have a chorus of Hearts and Flowers). However
credit the artist with the best pic of the ish. Maybe
I shouldn’t speak such blasphemies but I think
he might even have read the story first!

  6.	MEEM, clever idea, maby should boost-um-
up a notch or two, say to tie with STAR SHIP.

  7.	REBEL OF VALKYR, shades of Bur-
roughs! ’nuf said.

  8.	PATCH, filler material no doubt.

  As to your rolling ball, Bix, here it comes
back. (1) Bi-monthly, HIP, HIP, HOORAY!!!!
Best news since Bradbury started writing SFI
(3) As to THE SKY IS FALLING, leave us
■have more Liddell! (4) We’ll still holler about
the covers. (5) Mitkey? Mitkey? Okay, so I’m
stupid, who’s Mitkey? (6) The new format?
Yes, yes, triple yes. PS now looks much less like a
collection of newspaper clippings and more like
a mag!

  Now to ostensibly more pleasant things; La
Viz, viz . . . Hapke velly funny chapkie, me
laffie yet! Hey, Sigler, try reading: the story be-
fore knocking it, hum? Or would this be too much
like work? Thank Mr. Cox for straightening out
Mr. Bradbury about Venus; he beat me to it.
Bye the bye congratulate the unpronouncable who
procured the pics for La Viz. Clever people these
Chinese!

  Well I realize that this was short for my first
opus to La Viz, but I've always got my tender
age and the lateness of the hour as an excuse.
And after all, it’s quality not quantity that counts.
Oh stop laughing!

                   Amateurishly,

James Stewart

GIBSON REMINISCES . . .

                          24 Kensington Ave.,
                          Jersey City 4, N. J.

Dear Jerry :

  Having just picked up the Fall PS and, natu-
rally, glancing into the back of the ish, I noted
with a twinge of nostalgia the "scientifictioniana”
you tossed in, particularly the monorail illus.

  For a moment, I stood once more in a luxuri-
ous, walnut-paneled study in a large mansion out-
side Dusseldorf, Germany. A bookcase reaching
from floor to ceiling was on my left,_ and tall
French windows opened on a spacious, if unkept,
garden on my right. I was investigating a collec-
tion of bound magazines dating back to the turn
of the century, pulling them down from the
bookshelves and thumbing through them to my
heart’s content. Featured were such ideas as the
mono-rail elevated, helicopters, dirigible air-sta-
tions for travelers wearing aluminum wings, etc.,
and your illus. from Three Lions was presented
as, and I believe is, the work of a German art-
ist. I spent a singularly delightful afternoon,
there.

  The only bad thing about it was that I didnt
know whose collection this was—nor did I care
to know him. There was a large color-photo of
Hitler dominating one wall of the study, a swas-
tika flag draping the wall behind the desk, and
an open wall-safe indicating hasty departure. I
had a Thompson sub-machine gun draoe^ across
THE VIZIGRAPH

109

 my middle and hadn’t had a bath or a change of
 clothes in four months. It was to be another four
 before I did.

   And now, I meet young fans who remember
 those times only as something they read about in
 their history books. Gives me the strangest feel-
 ing, as though I were old as Methuselah at
 twenty-five.

   But you really should have mentioned the Tur-
 tle in regard to that illus. on submarine warfare.
 The Turtle, you remember, was a flat shell re-
 sembling a turtle, though it floated vertically
 rather than horizontally. It had ballast tanks op-
 erated by hand, submerging the craft; it had to
 be pulled up, afterward. It had an air-pipe and
 periscope, and saddle-seat inside for one man.
 A hand-operated crank turned a propellor in
 back, and a simple system of wires and levers
 operated a small rudder. An explosive mine was
 carried on top, with hooks that would sink into
 the wooden hull of a warship, held on by clamps
 that could be released from within.

   I don’t remember the name of the inventor,
 but I remember reading that he submerged in this
 craft in New York harbor and cranked his way
 out to a British warship. He tried to hook the
 mine to the hull of the warship, but it wouldn’t
 take hold and he finally had to drop it to the bot-
 tom of the harbor. Then he cranked safely back
 to the wharf and was pulled up. Some time later,
 when the Turtle was being moved to a new base
 of operations, the ship carrying it was sunk.

   This was during the American Revolution,
 about a hundred years before your unknown art-
 ist depicted submarine warfare.

                         Sciencerely,

Joe Gibson

. . . AND COHANE SLAVERS

                         Box 1497,

                           St. Bonaventure Coll.,

                         St. Bonaventure, N. Y.

 Dear Editor:

   Well, now you’ve gone and done it! After all
 these years you’ve given in and made Planet
 a bi-monthly 1 I liked your forthright declaration
 of principles except for one thing. That same
 gruesome pattern of covers. Gawd ’elp us! And
 speaking of covers, last issue’s was a thing to end
 all things. And I call it a thing because I can’t
 think of an adjective harsh enough to describe it
 without descending into the depths of profanity.

   Will wonders never cease! The hero didn’t get
 the girl in THE REBEL OF VALKYR. Would
 have been a good story if the plot, or should I say
 the background, hadn’t been so fantastic. I think
 it and STAR SHIP were cut from the same bolt
 of cloth.

   STRANGE EXODUS was excellent! The first
 new idea I’ve seen in a long time.

   Regardless of what most of your readers seem
 to think, I like Bradbury. His backgrounds may
 stay the same, but his twist to the end of his plots
 are magnificent. Many authors try to make a his-
 tory of space to fit in with their stories. And as
 for you, Wayne Pryor, go take your “three cents
 worth” and buy some cheap poison with it.

  THE SKY IS FALLING and THE
CROWDED COLONY are worthy of approba-
tion, but the Fall list ends there. MEEM was
lousy in my book and belongs in a scientific jour-

GET RID of your Callouses

CORNS GO &SXR

 END-O-CORN removes the most stubborn, painful old
 corns and callouses every time. No pain—no fuss. You'll
 say it's worth $50 but we will rush a jar to you prepaid
 and insured for only one dollar. Just address:

END-O-CORN Rutland 19. Vermont

want to STOP TOBACCO?

 Banlah the craving for tobacco as
 thousands have with Tobacco
 Redeemer. Write for free booklet
 telling: of injurious effect of tobacco
 and of a treatment which has reliev-
 ed many men.	r"'......

 35 Years in Business
 300,000 Salfsfied Customers
 THE NEWELL COMPANY

                  FREE
                  BOOK

 293 Clayton Sta., St. Louis 5, Mo.

YOUR 0WH BUSINESS FOR $50.00

 i I

Bo your own boss—make steady profits in tho vend-
ing machine businoss. No cxporienco necessary—
work full or part time. Send for free catalog ex-
plaining how to carry on this money-making bus-
iness with nut, candy or gum vending machinos.

I

BLUSHFUL! DARING!

Famous Dwight Fiske and
Nan Blackstone Party Records

 Now available by Prepaid, Insured Mall
 RECORD SERVICE
 FHI, W.O.W. Bldg.. Omaha 2, Nobr.

WR/rt FOR FREE CATALOG

RUPTURE-EASER

FOR MEN. WOMEN AND CHILDREN

  A strong, form fitting, washable sup-
  port. Bock lacing adjustable. Snaps
  up In front. Adjustable leg strap.

  Soft, flat groin pad. No 6teel or
  leather bands. Unexcellod for com-
  fort. Also used as after-operation
  support. Give measure around the
  lowest part of the abdomen. Specify
  right or left sldo or double. We pay _
  pogtagQ except on COD’sjypea. £RAC£ CQ<

 308 East'12th	Dept. FHG	Kansas City 6,

$395

Double 4.95
Mo.

DRUNK?

              DOCTOR'S MARVELOUS NEW DISCOVERY
              RELIEVES DRUNKENNESS IN 5 DAYS

                 Ooes Drunkenness Threaten Your Happiness or Your loved
  Ones? Our Remarkable New Discovery Quickly and Easily
  Helps Bring Relief From All Desire For liquor! With This
  Craving For liquor Gone. Ho Will Power Is Necessary to
  Stop Drinking! This Is Strictly A Home Method! Easy to
  Take! Nothing like It Before! You Can Go to Business And
  } Carry On Your Social Life As Usual. While Using Our Mettv
  \od! M8y be used secretly for whiskey, wine or beer!
  Improvement Is Noticed In A Remarkably Short TimeJ The
  Price Is Amazingly low! Only $10.00 For The Entire
  Method, Formula and Instructions! This Is The Only Method That
  Guarantees Satisfaction or Your Money Refunded! You Will Bless The
  Day You Saw This As Thousands Have Already Done!

  Pay Postman On Delivery! Mall Us Yow Name and Address Only!

SEND

NO

  MONEY

 SCIENTIFIC AIDS CO, WC. Dept ibb Box 118, Jersey City 3, NJ.
110	PLANET

nal rather than here, but at least it was better than
those sickening Oona and Jick stories.

  With that malicious crack I shall close, pausing
to nominate Creighton, Campbell, and Leverentz
for the pics.

’Bye now,

Al Cohanf.

  P. S. I slaver with anticipation for this new
Mitkey story. If it is half as good as the original,
it will be twice as good as most of the stuff com-
ing out today.

WE GUESSED

Washington, D. C.

Dear Editor:

  I hope the lack of an address on this letter does
not make it ineligible for la Viz. My business
(which is nobody else’s) keeps me on the move;
at present I am writing from a Washington hotel
room. Anyway, I’ll make it short.

  The latest issue was very good indeed. Top
story honors to St. Clair’s MEEM (much out of
the ordinary), Drexel’s THE CROWDED COL-
ONY (colorful and clever), and Liddell’s THE
SKY IS FALLING. The latter, by the way, is
every bit as good as you claim in your editorial
squib; but the plug itself may have been unfortu-
nate. Fans are funny, I believe . . . you may
receive many letters saying, ‘‘Well . . . yeah,
he’s good, but ...” whereas the stoiy without
blunt sales talk (and resultant hypercritical atti-
tude; they’d love to prove you wrong, you know)
migh have had more impact. At any rate, I’m
looking forward to the appearance of this author
again. And if you haven’t guessed (all right, I’ll
confess!) I’m a salesman. And of shoes. Good
shoes.

  By the way, what really happened to PLP ? The
truth, now!

                        Sincerely,

Raoul D. Kyne

  (It was tumble, tumble . . . Paul Payne got
into an argument with Squeedunk, the office BEM,
and something he disagreed with ate him—Ed.)

OKEU

                          760 Montgomery St.,
                          B’klyn 13, New York

Dear Jerry:

  The Fall ’50 Planet Stories was a welcome
visitor to my newsstand this nasty morning. The
rain thundered down like bullets as I ... oh,
well:

  First off, I’d like to thank all those Dear Hearts
and Gentle People who voted for me. I was most
surprised when I found out I had won. When I
read that letter in print I was very annoyedat
myself because . . . well ... I detest the kind
of letter that says, in effect, “I’m only 11 years
old and have been reading PS since Summer
1940, and don’t you think I’m very clever?” and
then I went ahead and did that very thing at the
end of my letter. Once more: oh, well . . .

  I won’t even bother to comment on the deli-
cious new format; it’s really fine, and I hope PS
has reached its final physical form after 43 issues
of various changes.

  The stories? Ah yes, the stories. Coppel did a
better-than-fair job on his spaceopera; for once
I finished one of his stories straight through to

STORIES

the end and liked it. Jay B. Drexel (who could
this be? he asked, the soft green radiation from
his middle eye falling on those initials) greedily
grabs second spot with a cute story. Reminds me
of Bradbury in all but the words. Don’t consider
this flattery soft-soap by any means, Drexel!
Didn’t read the other stories too carefully, but I
liked the Bradbury (who else?) and Abernathy
yarns particularly. THE SKY IS FALLING
also sounds like Bradbury (monotonous, the way
these guys imitate Ray, isn’t it?). More from
Liddell, please. Would like to see some Silver-
berg in PS too.

  For the Viz: Worthy recipients of pix should
be: Betsy Curtis (betcha I get [and burn]
more chain letters than you, Betsy!), Ed Cox
again (Ho, Hum) and Sneary (Whu give us
mor fun akting himslef than haff of the other
“eddjicated” leterhax combined. I lkie his le'ters.)

 AND I SWEAR ... on my sacred Vol. 1,
No. 1, PS, that I didn’t just pick these three
’cause they voted for me. Isn’t it enough that I
rewarded them with proper libations and thanks?
You should get a free pic yourself, JB, for your
exceedingly and excruciatingly funny comments
on letters. In fact, I will give you a pic: the one
at the top of Column 2, page 107. For a buck
more, you can have, not only the pic, but the
model’s address. Oke?

  Planet Stories is very definitely on the up-
grade after some weary, lean years—1947, 48, and
the first part of ’49. I think that now, every story
is worthy of at least one reading—which is more
than all the non-Bradbury stuff can be of which
said. (However, it might happen that the, and if in
addition, don’t you. think, unless you already have
one?—Ed.) Also, it is evident that some of the
stories are of that semi-classic stature that
Planet has eluded for many and many a month.

  Poul Anderson, St. Clair, Coppel, and, of
course, Bradbury, are rated as top authors;
Drexel and Abernathy will be there also in a
short time, probably. Liddell shows promise—
but I’ve never, never heard of Shedenhelm. That’s
quite an impressive list of authors there; only
Brackett and one or two others are missing from
the group.

  To sum up, the first all-Bixby issue of PS
shows_ such enormously huge steps forward that
I’m kinda overwhelmed. Keep this pace up in fu-
ture issues, and PS will be up near the top among
the many, many science fiction pulps.

                        Sincerely,

                            Bob Silverberg
URANIUM-*RAD!UM->LEAD

                             Redondo Beach,
                             California

Dear Editor:

  I am a novice at writing letters to editors but
when I saw Buryi Payne’s letter in the Fall ’50
issue I just had to write. Mr. Payne stated that
Uranium has a half life of 4.6 billion years. All
of the information that I could find said that it
was 4.5 billion years but I will forgive him that
error if it is an error. But then he continued and
said that Uranium has a whole life of 9.2 billion
years. I would like to point out to him that the half
life of Uranium is the length of time for half of a
given amount of Uranium to disintegrate. But when
this point is reached the remaining amount, al-
though only half as large as the original quan-
THE VIZIGRAPH

111

tity, is still a given amount and therefore it also
has a half life of 4.6 (4.5) billion years. There-
fore, this would continue ad infinitum. Conse-
quently the whole life of Uranium is infinite.
This, therefore, is the answer to his question
“How come there’s Uranium left?”

  As for the age of the Earth, it is at least well
over 2,645,000,000 years. As for the rest of
his questions, they are included in an advanced
branch of cosmology and, as yet, cannot be cor-
rectly answered.

  As for the stories I thought The Crowded
Colony was the best. I am glad that Planet is
becoming bi-monthly.

                     Sincerely,

Rodric Cadwalleder Drinkwater

WE'RE S-S-S-SORRY . . .

                             762 Broadway,
                             Somerville 44,
                             Massachusetts

Dear Mr. Bixby:

  In the Fall, 1950 Vizigraph, there are a pair of
comments about one “Azimov,” which seem to be
favorable and which, naturally, are highly grati-
fying to me. Think how much more gratifying
they would be if I could only be certain that the
references really applied to me.

  I know of no science-fiction author named “Azi-
mov” and am therefore taking the liberty of ap-
propriating the comment, in a very high-handed
fashion, on no other basis than that my name is
“Asimov” and there is some possibility therefore
that it is myself they mean.

  It probably seems picayune to worry about a
“z” and an “s.” I’ll go further. It probably is pica-
yune. Still, people do enjoy seeing their name
spelled correctly. So if it isn’t too much trouble,
Mr. Bixby, could you post a little note of instruc-
tion at the copy reader’s desk to the effect that the
name is “ISAAC ASIMOV?” With an “s” in
each name. One “s” in each name.

  You probably won’t have much occasion to
worry about it; two mentions an issue is prob-
ably way above average, but every little bit helps.

  Thank you.

                   Very truly yours,

                            Isaac Asimov

PROFAN

                            227 East 7th Street,
                            Hastings, Nebraska

Dear Editor Bixby:

  Being prolix, I can’t say many of the things
I have on my mind in two double-spaced pages;
so I’ll have to limit myself and not say all of
them.

  First, you’re doing a fine job with Planet
Stories ; on the whole, it’s a better looking mag-
azine from the standpoint of page makeup tlian
I can remember its being in the past. You’re also
to be complimented on making the magazine bi-
monthly—with a reservation, If it means lower-
ing the quality of your material to get enough
stories to fill six magazines a year instead of
four, by all means go back to a quarterly basis.
Although most of your poorer stories in the last
few issues have been mediocre rather- than just
plain bum, outside of Bradbury the level <jf your

"Since 1888"

 ______relief with Dent's. Use Dent's Tooth Gum

 or Dent's Tooth Drops (or cavity toothaches.
 Use Dent's Dental Poultice for pain or sore-
 ness in gums or teeth. At oil drug stores.

DENT’S

 TOOTH GUM
 TOOTH DROPS
 DENTAL POULTICE

Do You Want to
Make Men OBEY YOU?

Do you want to make him lov«
you wildly, fiercely? Do you

JI” Dn

you want to make him OBE*
your every command? Then use

CHEZ-ELLF, (What a Perfume)
to help you CONTROL Men. Ono
woman told me that CHEZ-
ELLE is the STRONGEST per-
fume she ever used. Anothet
woman told us that she blesses
the day she first used CHEZ-
ELLE, because now her husband
comes home at night to help her.

Just send me your name and address and X will rusB
a Trial Bottle of CHEZ-ELI.F, (What a Perfume) ta
you. When the postman delivers CHEZ-ELLE in a plain
package, deposit only $3 plus postage (3 for $5) with him
on this GUARANTEE. Use CHEZ-ELLE for 10 days.
If you don’t agree that CHEZ-ELLE is the most POW-
ERFUL perfume you ever used, return it and I'll send
your $2 right back. Write NOW to

TRULOVE, 58 Walker Street, Dept. 145-AC. Hew.York U

Illustrated Comic Booklets

Sell our ILLUSTRATED COMIC BOOKLETS and other
NOVELTIES. Each booklet size 4/x2X. We will sond
25 assorted-booklets prepaid upon receipt of $1.00 or 75
assorted booklets sent prepaid upon receipt of $2.00.
Wholesale novelty price list sent with order only. No
orders sent C. O. D. Send Cash or Money-order.

REPSAC SALES CO.

65 Fifth Avenue Dept. K-73 New York 3, N. Y»

BOOKLETS

   Tho kind grown ups like. Each ono of these booklets is
   POCKET SIZE, also contains 8 ILLUSTRATIONS, and is
   full of fun and entertainment. 12 of tlieso joke booklets, ALL
   DIFFERENT, shipped prepaid upon receipt of $1.00, or 24
   BOOKLETS ALL DIFFERENT shipped prepaid for $2, cash
   or money order. No orders sent C. O. D. Print namo and
   address and mail to:

XREASUnE NOVH.TV CO.,Dept.72 K

28 Coopor Station, Nevr York 3, N. Y.

ILLUSTRATED COMIlf
BOOKLETS

THE KIND MEN LIKE

  (VEST POCKET SIZE)
They are loaded with rare car-
toons. Full of Fun and Humor
\2t> DIFFERENT booklet
'sent prepaid for $1 in plau
eeeled wrapper. NoC.O.D.’s
GRAYKO. Dept. 1889 52Q.G.P.Q..N.Y.C.I
m	PLANET

material isn’t yet high enough that you can sac-
rifice quality for quantity.

  I’ll put "The Rebel of Valkyr” in the Number
One spot in your Fall 19S0 issue for a reason
that needs some explanation. It wasn’t as good
a story, from the strictly literary standpoint, as
“Death-Wish”; but of its type it is of high qual-
ity and, I feel, ranks higher in its field than the
Bradbury story does in its. “The Rebel” is bet-
ter-plotted than most examples of what Bradbury
has called the “bingety-boom” school of fiction,
its ideas are more original, granted the basic
premises it is more plausible, and it is a more
completely developed piece of fiction. Coppel de-
serves encouragement. This is his best, and al-
thought he can still get better, it shows more
promise than almost anything else he has done.

  Bradbury takes the Number Two position,
mainly because this story isn’t as good as “Death-
by-R_ain” or any of the seeming hundred other
classics.

  Third place goes to “The Crowded Colony”
because of a technical flaw. Withholding the
information that Burke and Company (the first
set) were Centaurians is justifiable only in the
surprise-ending type of story. Since the story
did not require the keeping back of that infor-
mation, the result was confusion—thus spoiling
the story’s total effect. But Drexel had a good
idea and should be encouraged.

  Fourth goes to your little gem, “The Sky Is
Falling,” which was not maturely worked out.
The St. Clair story, “Meem,” rates fifth on the
basis of good writing, but I don’t understand it
very well. Sixth to “Strange Exodus” by default;
and I’d hate to have to make the choice of which
was worse, Anderson’s “Star Ship” or Sheden-
helm’s “Patch.” Liddell’s yarn was all right for
a first effort, but he needs more study and harder
work.

  I don’t see why Bruce Hapke of Racine, Wis-
consin, is so surprised because his English prof
is a fan. I’m an English prof (Hastings College)
and so is my wife (same school) ; and I’m a fan
and she will be too if she hangs around me long
enough. (By the way, if Hapke were in my comp
class, I’d give him a B for his letter and a stern
talking-to).

Cordially,

Sam Sackett

ATTENTION. MILD-DRUG ADDICTS

                       1711 Davidson Avenue,
                       New York 53, N. Y.

Dear Mr. Bixby:

  The last time I_ took the typewriter in hand
(well . . . not quite!) and dashed off a note to
Planet was during the reign of “Planet’s
(late) Lint-headed Pterodactyl” who captioned it
“Attention, Drug Addicts.” You need have no
fear—nothing that violent this time.

  Everyone else has said it thus far, so here goes
—greetings Bixby. I hope you’re as competent
as PLP (hmmm, fast it sounds like plop). Prob-
ably are. Anyway, your interjections sound fun-
nier (but then, I have no sense of humor).

  School days and final examinations having just
passed, I turned to the somewhat moldy stack of
STF mags piling up near my desk. The latest
one—the Fall Planet—was on top. I read it

STORMES

through, first time in almost a year. Usually—
from September to June—I just rip through the
shorts (Should I have censored that?—Ed.) and
let the rest go for future reference. That explains
the paucity of letters to PS (happy?). But, to
resume, here’s what I found.

  PS is getting better!

  PS is getting better!

  Yes, PS is getting better!!!

  For a long time I relegated PS to the bottom
of the STF pack. Then, a few months ago,
Robert Lowndes reintroduced FUTURE and I
thought, “Aha, zounds and shades of the BEM,
PS is no longer last.” Next Avon House brought
out its new STF mag and PS moved up another
notch. Add in the recent decline of a few others
and you’re really going places. After reading the
Fall ish, I must admit you’ve climbed up a bit al'
by your lonesome.

  Perhaps I’ve always looked down on little old
PS because it is a space-adventure mag while I
prefer straight STF, ala Astounding. But in your
area you’re tops. REBEL OF VALKYR was a
tee-rif-ic space opera. (What prompted Coppel
to use the holy names of historian Quintus Bland
and planet Kalgan from the latest of Asimov’s
fine “Foundation” series? Is Coppel Asimov?
Nah.) The clinchers in convincing me of your
reformation were two other good pieces, MEEM
and STRANGE EXODUS5 (any unusual twist
gets me), followed by THE SKY IS FALL-
ING. (On Liddell: he is good but is that “power
and clarity?” I’m giving the story to my psych
professor; I gave the Bradbury-Wolfe yarn to
my English prof.) Grouped together afterward
were DEATH WISH (nice, but it did nothing
to me) and CROWDED COLONY (I liked the
idea but not the treatment—who is Drexel ? Gad I
I’ve lost touch). STAR SHIP is well done, but
follows the hackneyed PS formula used year after
year after— PATCH was last, but a neat piece.
However, THERE WERE NO BAD STORIES
in the issue. That did it! Up you go on the
Badler scale. (Is there room? I’m up to 200
already. Quick, the handball gloves.)

  About the future: I'm glad to see you a bi-
monthly (if all the issues can equal this) but
I’m sorry too. I have a vice—gad, no!—of buy-
ing and saving every STF mag that comes out.
Done it for the last half-dozen years. It’s noi
the extra $$$ that worries me, but the space . . .
(yeah, but then when I start sending in those
manuscripts maybe I’ll have a better chance . . .
OK—bi-monthly it is).

  To Lin Carter’s “Gone are the vastly amusing,
entertaining letters of yesteryear . . .”—Thank

........ (fill in your own) ! Protect us from a

return to days of hashish nightmares. Leave
us stay with the sane.

            BEM 'Bye ever more)

Mitchell M. Badler

P. S. Just joined the—let’s see, the card says—
National Fantasy Fan Federation and they’d like
us to mention the N3F in any letters we send to
promags, so if you could . . >

  Sure . more poiver to it and to all others 'of,
the genus fantasociety! Now, to get astride the
proverbial limb, we predict Flying Saucer head-
lines within the year. One guess, students. Thanks
for the letters ... see you Nov. 1st . . .
RESEARCH EXPERT SAYS:

AMAZING NEW SCIENTIFIC FORMULA
destroys these hair-killing germs:

Staphylococcus

Albus

Morococcus

Microbacillus

 Pifyrosporum

Ovale'

NOTHING CAN DO MORE TO

SAVE

YOUR

HAIR

Look for these symptoms. ITCHY SCALP, DAN-
DRUFF, UNPLEASANT HEAD ODORS, HEAD
SCALES, HAIR LOSS! It may be nature's warning of
approaching baldness. Be guided by NATURE’S
WARNING! Do as thousands do: start using the NEW
AND IMPROVED, AMAZING, SCIENTIFIC HAIR
RESEARCH FORMULA (it contains no alcohol).

    NEW FORMULA GIVES
    BETTER RESULTS

It kills quickly and efficiently millions of trouble-
breeding bacteria. This new and improved HAIR RE-
SEARCH FORMULA now KILLS safely and quickly
ALL FOUR types of these destructive hair germs.
Many medical authorities know that these hair-destroy-
ing germs are a significant cause of baldness. Do what
science knows nothing better for you to do: KILL
THESE GERMS, they may DESTROY your HAIR
GROWTH. Act now, mail coupon below and test it
at home for 10 days FREE at our expense. NO OTHER
FORMULA known to science can do more to SAVE
YOUR HAIR!

GET FIVE IMMEDIATE BENEFITS

(1)	KILL the four types of germs that may be retard-
ing your normal hair growth.

(2)	HELP stop scalp itch and bum.

(3)	FOLLOW the instructions of the treatment and
start enjoying healthful massage action.

(4)	HELPS bring HAIR-NOURISHING blood to
scalp.

(5)	HELPS remove ugly loose DANDRUFF.

Don’t wait till you get BALD! It's too late then. Re-
member, science knows no cure for baldness. The NEW
AND IMPROVED HAIR RESEARCH FORMULA
that contains no alcohol, helps keep your scalp (that
may be sick) free of loose dandruff, seborrhea, and
helps stop the hair loss they cause. With this formula
your hair will appear thicker, more alive and attractive
almost from the first time you use it.

HAIR RESEARCH CO., Dept. 69
1025 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey

SATISFIED USERS SAY

 “Nothing I have ever used has done more
 for my hair”—A. P., Trenton, N. J.

 "My friends remark how much better my
 hair looks after using your formula for
 only two weeks”—A. L., Boston, Mass.

 “No Hair Expert I have ever gone to has
 done as much for me”—H. H., Chicago,
 111

 “I was skeptical at first but took a chance,

 now after ten days’ trial I am convinced. Nothing has ever

 helped me more than your treatment’’—J. S., Los Angeles, Calit.

MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE
WITH A 10-DAY FREE TRIAL

 If the NEW AND IMPROVED AMAZING SCIENTIFIC RE-
 SEARCH FORMULA doesn't live up to your expectations, if
 you don't feel it's the best thing you ever did for your hair, if
 your hair and scalp don't appear improved, if you are not
 100% delighted with it, if after using it 10 days you don't see
 an improvement, return the unused portion and your money
 will be refunded in full. You have nothing to lose, you are
 the sole judge. SO DON'T DELAY, MAIL COUPON TODAY1

SENT ON APPROVAL!

 HAIR RESEARCH CO.. Dept. 69
 1025 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey

 Rush one month's supply of your NEW AND IMPROVED AMAZINS
 SCIENTIFIC HAIR RESEARCH FORMULA ot once. I enclose $2.00
 cash, check or money order, ship prepoid. My money will be re-
 funded if not satisfied.

 Name...
 Address.

 City.

State.

 □ I enclose $5. Send three months' supply.

 I understand if not delighted with the NEW AND IMPROVED HAIR
 •'FORMULA, I can return it after 10 days for full purchase price refund.

1
Good for Both - TREE,

 jcro, „
 nttnn imimc

                       As part of my Servicing course. 1 send you
                       speaker, tubes, chassis. loop antenna,
                       transformer. EVERYTHING you
                       W need to build this modern Radio Use
                       It to conduct many valuable teats and
                       Si practice Mirvicinf It's

yours to keep. . .... '^SSjmX

  MR. J. E- SMITH. President. Dept. OFG
  National Radio Institute, Washington 9. D. C.

  Mail me Sample Usson und C4.pn>:ir Book about How to Win
  Success in Radio.Television—both FREE. (No salesman
  will call. Please write plainly.*

 Name.

 Address.

City-----

 □ Check if Veteran

 _.7,one State.___

  Approved Under G. I. Bill

                               TWO
                            FREE BOOKS
                            SHOW HOW

America's Fast Growing Industry VM*'L e0UP0N
Offers You All Three ■'

I TRAINED THESE
MEN AT HOME

| OWNS SUCCESSFUL BUSINESS

       "Today I am <on«»d«ed an rxpcrt
       j IHdlo-TeleviiUin T«hnlclan, I have.

: MILLER, Toledo. Ohio.

RADIO ENGINEER ABC NETWORK

"* yrtri brb, I *>ai a boaMteeper with
• hand-to-mouth inlary. Now I *m a
Radio Enifi.rr with key aUtlun of
«h* ARC network "-NORMAN H.

WaRD. Ridiff.eid Park. New Jtney.

I IS TO >11 WEEK IN 5PAK
I “WJiil* learning, mi
| week In spare time. )
j lime shop In my h.

mD, PonfbeT >

SERVICING BUSINESS PROFITABLE

•For in* paft two years, I have b«tn
tperatwf my own Servicing busineu.
fin profit, I6.K0. NJl.I. training
iTUiJr It UM*Jb!e'— PHILIP ■■

RROGAN. Lcolsvilie. Kentucky.

       i GETS FIRST JOB THROUGH N.R.I.

       ? -My first Jul. with KDLP.. »« ob-
       ' uined for ir.r 8>y year firatlunte Scrv-
       , ice Drpt Am now Ch!*f Knrlneer,
       : IV.lre Radio Station WQOX.”—T.
       S NORTON. Hamilton. Ohio.

SEES PROFIT IN RADIO-TELEVISION
"1 am operating my own Radio Saks
and Service busineas. With FM and
Television, we are locking forward to
a rtry profitable futarr"— ALBERT
PATRICK. Tampa, Florida.

       | SPARE TIME SERVICE PAYS WELL
       £ “Work only in spare time at Radio
       J ami avcraei alK"jt J«0 a mnnth. Knew
       nothing about Radio before enrolling
       with N.R.I."—SAMUEL T. DLWALU.
       r St Oair, Pennsylvania.

1. EXTRA MONEY
IN SPARE TIME

TIME

a apar*

 PFH

As part of my i
BOOKLETS
how you can
fixing neighbors’ Radios in spare t
Tester you build with parts I sen«

  iy son-icing course, I send you SPEC
  starting the day you enroll that
  i make $5, $10 or more a week EX

you SPECIAL

show

       EXTRA
 while learning,
 helps.

Your next step is a good j

I. GOOD PAY JOB

1 job installing and servicing
^Television sots, or becoming boss of your own
•Television Soles and Service Shop, or getting a
good job in a Broadcasting Station. In 1915, there were
943 Radio Stations. Today, about 2.700 ale on the air!
Result—thousands of qualified men stepped into
jobs. Then add developments in FM, Two-Way
Police, Aviation, Marine, Micro-wave Relay
Think what this means! New jobs, more jobs, go*
pay for qualified men.

3. BRICHT FUTUREI

And think of the opportunities in Television. Only 19
Stations were on the air in 1917. Today, more than
fifty. And the experts say there will be over 1,000
within three years. Manufacturers are producing over
100,000 Television sets a month. Be a successful Radio-
Television Operator or Technician ... get in line for
success and a bright future in America’s fastest-grow-
ing industry I

I Will Train You at Home

You Practice Servicing or Communications

with MANY KITS

I’ve trained hundreds of men with no previous ex-
perience to be successful TECHNICIANS. I will
train you, loo. Or now you can.on roll for my NEW
practical course in Radio-Television Communica-
tions. Train for your FCC operator's or techni-
cian's license. You learn Radio-Television theory
from clear, illustrated le&sons in my tested home
study courses.

As part of both my Servicing and Communica-
tions course. I send you MANY KITS of modern
equipment that "bring to life" theory you learn

Building circuits, conducting experiments
them, introducing and repairing defects, give* >
valuable, practical experience. (Some of the «ju
m« nt you get is sh'<» n below ) Everything I
Is yours lo keep

is®

§§

     Mail Coupon for Books FREE

     .. entitle* you to ACTUAL I.ESSON on
Servicing with many pictures and diagrams
61-page book, HOW TO BE A SUCCESS
IO-TE 1.EVISION" l-»th FREE See
my graduates are doing and earning Send
n today J E. SMITH. President. Dept OFG.

Radio Institute. Pioneer Horne Study
School. Washington I) C

VETERANS

GET THIS TRAINING
WITHOUT COST
UNDER G. I. BILL.
MAIL COUPON NOW. |

You Build This TRANSMITTER

 As part of my New Communications course
 I send parts to build this low-powor broad
 : Transmitter that shows bow to put;
 the air." Perform procedures.

 of Broadcast Station operators,
 eats, experiments. It's yours