15 CENTS

/ FIRST '

JULY NUMB

V^0UT-JU»l7.l»tl

 STORIES BY
 RALPH D. PAINE
 BURTON STEVENSON
 PETER B. KYNE
 MAX SURIENT
 PANE COOUDGE
SS

T3EAUTY of complexion
depends largely on health
of skin; smooth firmness of
outline, as well as clear fair-
ness of skin are of vital neces-
sity to her who would preserve
her youth and beauty.

  This is one of the reasons why
women everywhere, of every age,
at every season of the year, are so
enthusiastic about

lim a

                               / ' r ■■

IS BEAUTY IN FVtRYJ^J

Cujtsj ro R	^ .

MNESS.IS READILY ABSORBtD. 'i

 VVtKf.. .	l*U<>I>r,, l ;	. (Wj.

D*o».C»h,BA. DETROIT.MlC !

  Milkweed Cream

    It tones and braces the tissues; it keeps the pores free of acids and impurities
 from within and from outside germs and dirt from without. The effect of
 its daily use is at once soothing, cleansing and beautifying with the beauty of
 natural charm.

   Milkweed Cream needs no rubbing; is absorbed by the skin, leaving it
 neither greasy, sticky nor shiny. Apply lightly, night and morning—it will
 tone the blood cells and give the skin a soft and youthful transparency.

   Used under Ingram’s new Yelveola Souveraine I* ace Powder, the two
 supply not only the beautifying touch, but a shield against the weather.

   Let us prove to you the value of Ingram’s Toilet Specialties by

 a personal test; write us yours and your druggist’s name and address and receive
 through him free, our box of samples. Or enclose 10c and we will mail them direct.

            FREDERICK F. INGRAM COMPANY
      Windsor, Ontario	70 Tenth Street, Detroit

 Ingram’s Velveola Souveraine Face Powder is Powdered Perfection
 for the Complexion. Price 50 cents at drug store or l\v mail, postpaid.
 A handsome Vanity Box FREE with Ingram's Velveola Souveraine.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

The Victor system of changeable
needles is the only way to
get the perfect tone

Full tone

Victrola Needle

30 cents for 200

Medium tone

 Victor Needle

  5 cents per 100
  50 cents per 1000

Soft tone

Victor Half-Tone Needle

5 cents per 100

 50 cents per jooo

Subdued tone

Victor Fibre Needle

50 cents per 100
(can be repointed and
used eight times)

The perfect tone—the tone you like the
best—is different with different selections.

                           You will never be satisfied with any musical
instrument wrhich does not respond to your
individual tastes and requirements. How many
times have you been actually irritated by hear-
ing music played too loud, too fast, too slow,
too low, or in some way which did not answer
your desire at the moment?

  The only way you can be sure of having
                    your music exactly the way you want it is to
                    own an instrument which you can control at all
                    times to suit your varying desires.

Victor Changeable Needles enable you to exercise
this control, to give any selection the exact tone you
wish, and to make the instrument constantly adaptable
to your different moods and your varied demands for
musical entertainment in your home. Victor Change-
able Needles can thus be compared to the pedals of
the piano, the stops of wind instruments, or the
bowing' of the violin.

                Contrast these advantages of the Victor change-
able needle system with the old style fixed or un-
changeable point in other instruments, where all
records must be played exactly alike and where there
is no possibility of changing the sound volume
or the tone quality.

   Because the Victor
is always subject to
your complete con-
trol, it gives you
more entertainment,
more variety, more
personal, individual
satisfaction day in
and day out.

  Any Victor dealer will gladly play any music you wish
to hear and demonstrate the value of the changeable
needle.

  Victor Talking Machine Co., Camden, N. J., U. S. A.

Berliner Gramophone Co., Montreal, Canadian Distributors,

New Victor Records are on sale at all dealers on the 28th of each month

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
rut i-ot-OLAn M/iaAxiNc AD^nnttsEK

           I Can Increase
           Your Earnings

                           No matter where you live, if you
                           arehonestand wantan independ-
                           ent business of your own, send
                           your name and address and 1 will
                           mail you our Biff Free 64-Page
                           Book, showing how you may earn

                  $3,000 to $10,000 a Year

                         in the Real Estate, Brokerage and
      J, H. JOICE, Pres. Insurance Business.

  Our system is a positive success. We will teach you by
  mail and appoint you our

Special Representative

 and help you to make money from the start. Write today.
 INTERNATIONAL REALTY CORP., 2035 Manhattan Bldg., Chicago. III.

FREE BOOK ON MOTORING

OP TEACHING
MAIL

                                Explains how we can start YOU in the Auto
                                Business as Repairman, Chauiier. Salesman
                                or Auto Mechanician with DYKE'S NEW
                                IDEA WORKING MODEL SYSTEM ol te.tJi-
                                in-^ by )imi 1 and our new idea EMPLOYMENT
                                PLAN. I^et us tell you the names ><( some of
                                CHARTS.nANiKiNS.ETC.^i^ our students and the salaries they are drawing
                                today—more than you are making. Don't miss it—Send for Jiooklet NOW!

(Be war? of imitators. The original and only xrjtttem of its kind.)
Dyke’s School of Motoring, ISox Krt.ftne ltlil^.,Sr.Louis,nio

Dr Esenwein

Short-Story Writing

 A course of forty lessons in the history, form, struc-
 ture, and writing of the Short-Story, taught by Dr.J.
 Berg Esenwetn* Editor Lippincott’s Magazine. Over
 one'hundred Home Study Courses under Professors
 in Harvard, Brown, Cornell and leading colleges.

230-page catalog1 free. Write to-day.

The Home Correspondence School
Dept. 261, Springfield, Mass.

DO YOU LIKE TO DRAW?

That's all we want to know*

Now we will nol give you any grand prize—

 or a lot of flroo stuff if you answer this ad.
 Nor do we claim to make you rich in a week.
 Unt if you are anxious to develop your talent
 xvith a successful cartoonist, so you can make
 money, send a copy <>f this picture with 6c.
 in stamps for portfolio of cartoons and sample
 lesson plate, and let ns explain.

 THE W.L. EVANS SCHOOL 0FCART00NIN0,
 835 Leader Building’ Cleveland, O.

i~‘jFARMABigSaury

ill Be An Auto Expert

]

 Will you ilivest $o now in a roiuplot>* AUTO l.Ol'KsE, and a I i(t le
 more as von earn it. if we PBOVE wi‘Onn make vitu a ChaufFrur,
 Repairman or Salesman. and ttlTAK A\TKK VOt* ATS OPPOK-
 TIWITY TO START IX TIIK lIUSlflESSI Our 38 page
 book and EMPLOYMENT I’LAN explains everything. Write
 enclosing' ^ cents for postage. DO NOT DELAY.

FREE MODELS TO EACH STUDENT
l'lMCTIC'AL AUTO SCHOOL, <i*-K Kenver St.. New York. N. V.

Learn Lettering and
Show Card Writing

*1

is in »

The man with a Lettering and Show Card Writing ability
demand err where. Work is cou genial, pay good, opportunities man v.
The I. S. wilt teach you Lettering iiini Show Card Writing at home
and in your spare time no mutter where you live. Write todav for
free book and other informition tc-IIinct how the I. O. S. can hcli> you.
International Correspondence Schools

   ____Bor__833 J Scranton, Pa. _

Wanted—Salesmen and Saleswomen

 Hundreds of good positions now open paying from $1,000.00 to
$5,000.00 a year. No former experience required to get one of them.
We will teach you to be a high grade Traveling Salesman or Sales-
woman by mail in eight weeks and assist you to secure a good position
where you can earn good wages while you are learning Practical Sales-
manship. Write today for full particulars, and testimonials from hun-
dreds of men and women we have recently placed in good positions:
also list of good position® open. Address (nearest office) Dept 108
NATIONAL SALESMEN’S TRAINING ASSOCIATION
Chicago New York Kansas City San Francisco New Orleans Toronto

A Happy Marriage

 Depends largely on a knowl-
 edge of the whole trulhabout
 self and sex and their rela-
 tion to life and health. This
 knowledge does not come in-
 telligently of itself, nor cor-
 rect! v from ordinary every
 dav sources.

SEXOLOGY

                                         (Illustrated)

  by William H. Walling, A. I\l„ M. D., imparts in a clour, whole-
  some way. in one volume:

      Knowledcc a Young Man Should Have.

      Knowledge a Young Husband Should Have.
      Knowledge a Father Should Have.

       Knowledge a Father Should Impart to His Son.
       Medical.Knowledge a Husband Should Have.
       Knowledge a Young Woman Should Have.

      Knowledge a Young Wife Should Have.

      Knowledge a Mother Should Have.

      Knowledge a Mother Should Impart to Her Daughter.
      Medical Knowledge a Wife Should Have.

 All in One Volume. Illustrated, $2, Postpaid

 Write for “Other People’s Opinions” and Table of Contents.

PURITAN PUB. CO., 761 Perry Bldg., PHILA, PA.

LEARN TO WRITE
ADVERTISEMENTS

EARN

to 3£100
W K K

                              We can positively show you by mail
 How fo Increase Your Salary. Book mailed free. PAGE-DAVIS CO.,
 7171 Page Building, Chicago, III., or I 50 Nassau Street, New York

l,e; a rn »mwE uers’ einokaviino

  A high salaried anti easily learned trade, taught thorough!}’ by mail. M e will
  teach the beginner better engraving tlin.ii he can gain in years of riyid appren-
  ticeship. We will also improve the skill of any engraver. Send for our catalog.
  The I'ngrn vintr Selmol. 7171 Page Hldg., Michigan Av«., Chicago. IIL

     jug l_

     rtl l UAN l{ITIC A 81E4IKT STOKY. Beginners
 W lenrn thoroughly under our perfect method; many sell
 their stories before completing the course. We help those
 who want to sell their stories. Write for particulars.
 School of Short-Story Writing,_Dept. 7171 Page Building, Chicago

BE AN ILLUSTRATOR. *
by mail how to draw for i
magazines and newspaper#* J
Send for Catalog.

 Learn to draw. We will teach you

                    School of Illustration,
                          71 Page Bid*, j
                          kCbufcgOjIll.

   If tou are an American over 18 and can read and
   Write, thf-c are many fine U. S. Government
   positions open to you. The free Civil Service Bonk
   of the I. C, S. gives you the complete list, explains
   how t he I. C. S. can help you qualify to pass any Civil
   Service oxaminntion, and gives you names and
   addresses of hundreds of successful I. C. S. candi-
   dates. Write for the book today. Doing so
   involves no obligation.

            International Correspondence Schools
            llo-x 8o5 € Scranton, Fa.

THE POPULAR
KIND

Used by Uncle
Sam

Harder Manufacturing Co.
Box P, Cobleskill, N. Y.

Stop Forgetting!

              Good memory is absolutely essential to success,
            > for memory is power. Be successful—Stop For-
            getting! Begin your real training at once.

The Dickson Method of Memory Training

 '“makes you ’’Forget Proof,” develops concentration,
 will, self-confidencc, quick thought, ready speech
 Write today for my free book, “How to Remember’'
 ’—faces, names, studies, also how to secure FREE, a copy of
 my $2.00 J)eLuxe book, “How to Speak in Public.** Address
 Dickson Memory School, 960 Auditorium Bldg., Chicago.

SHORTHAND
IN 30 DAYS

 Boyd Syllabic System—written with only nine characters. No*'pnsitions” |
 —no “ruled lines”—no “shading”—no “word-si^ns”—no ‘'cold notes.”

 I Speedy, practical system that can be learned in 30 days of heme study,

 I utilizing spare time. For fall descriptive matter, frt>o. address, Chicago I
 [ Correspondence Schools, 97a Chieago Opera Hnase Block, Chicago, III. [

l'lease mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
A NEW NOVEL BY “WnDTU AC CICTV TUDCrW COMPLETE IN THE
THE AUTHOR OF nUlYin Uf t If I I “ 1 IIIYEiEi MONTH-END ISSUE

COVER DESIGN,

George Wharton Edwards

THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS. A Complete Novel, .	Max Surient

      A romance of China. A peep behind the curtain at the strange doings in the Celestial
           empire.

MR. CUTTEN’S REVOLT. A Short Story,	. Peter B. Kyne

      The worm—in this case a peaceable, kindly, optimistic commuter—will turn.

 THE CHIVALRY OF CARBON COUNTY. A Short Story,

Why Bud left home. The story of a unique ball game.

 Charles E. Van Loan

THE KING AND CAPTAIN O’SHEA. A Novelette,	Ralph D. Paine

      In which Captain Mike O’Shea and his old friend, .Johnny Kent, do their best to place
            a king on his throne.

BUCKING THE HOODOO. A Short Story, .	. Robert V. Carr

      The story of an automobile that shattered the peace of a Western cattleman.

THE DESTROYER. A Serial Story,	Burton E. Stevenson

      The mystery of a man who declared that he held the destinies of the nations in the
           hollow of his hand.

 JIMMY OF THE TIGERS. A Short Story,
 A page from the life of a circus man.

 Courtney Ryley Cooper

MEMLING MUST HAVE AN ALIBI. A Short Story, . Rupert Hughes .

      The whimsical situation in which two artistic burglars are placed when they are
           entertained by a society woman.

THE FIGHT OF THE FIRE CONTROL. A Short Story, . Edwin Balmer .

      A duel between battleships won by a man high in the air and five miles from the guns
           which he directed.

ALIAS BOWLES AND THE FAR WEST. A Serial Story, Dane Coofidge

      In. which Alias Bowles, the Easterner, finds the heart of the great West.

THE LAW OF THE MACHINE. A Short Story .	Robert J. Pearsall

The strange case of a young navalinan who unwittingly pursued a court-martial half

 68

 81

 92

 118

 126

 151

 15S

 172

 181

 213

 way around the world.                                                  
 FINGER PRINTS. A Short Story, . Charles R. Barnes                 219  
 Do finger prints ever lie? The defectives deny it, but read this.      
A (SfOl >---*                                                           
Twice-a-Month Publication Issued by STREET & SMITH, 79.R9 Seventh Avenue, N’ew York.

OliMUNU G. SMITH and GEORGH C. SMITH, Proprietors.

Copyright, 1915. liy Street & Smith, .New York. Co^yri^ht, 1»1S. by Street & Smith, Great Britain.	KightsReserved.

 Publishers everywhere are cautioned against usiny any of the contents of tins Magazine either wholly or in part.
 Entered at New York Post Oltiie as Second-class Matter, under Act of Conyres-: o' March 3, 1879.

 Canadian Subscription, $s,72, Foreign,

VEa*LY SUBSCBWfl0*1

Copies 15 Cent*

JULY MONTH-END POPULAR ON SALE JUNE 23rd
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

The New Holeproof Sox

              at $1.50 for Six Pairs

Are Mercerized

            Get a Trial Box Today
 A Soft, Silky
 Appearance

and

Six Months’ Wear

                  We now offer a Twenty-Five-Ceut sock witli a
                silky lustre—six pairs guaranteed six mouths—
                the finest thing of its kind ever made.

                  We imported a mercerizing machine from Switz-
                erland to do it. We have invested $10,000 in this
                one improvement alone. Don't you want to see
                what kind of hosiery this machine turns out?

   The yarn 111 this sock costs us an average of 74c a pound.
It is Egyptian and Sea Island cotton, the finest yarn at^the top
market price. Common yarn sells for 32c. But the new Hole-
proof is soft, light and stylish. With all its light weight, it
lasts six months. Don’t you want to wear it?

ffoleprooi

MJL FOR^/MEN, WOMEN

  Reg. U. S.

Pat. Office. 1906

 <%Ocvt&<^i?iaAcA£

Look for
This Mark
on the Toe

  Write for the Free Hook on Holeproof. See liow these wonderful
  goods are made.

      The genuine are sold in your town. Ask for the dealers’ names.
          We ship direct where we have no dealer, charges prepaid, 011
          receipt of price.

            We make them for men, women, children and infants.

             Holeproof in cotton, for men, cost from $1.50 to $3 a
             box of six pairs. For women and children, $2 to $3 a
             box of six pairs. For infants, St a box of four pairs.
             All the above boxes guaranteed six months.

              Silk Holeproof for men, $2 for three pairs. For women,
              S3 for three pairs. Three pairs of silk guaranteed three
              months.

      HOLEPROOF HOSIERY COMPANY

                   MILWAUKEE, WIS.

          HOLEPROOF HOSIERY COMPANY OF CANADA, Ltd.

London, Canada	(422)

\\/e&rffol0prac>fffG!3<z &ndpndfh&]lfend

 ft

5jl/(6Iovs>

FOR WOMEN

 For long wear, fit and style, these are the finest silk gloves produced. Made in
 all lengths, sizes and colors. Write for the illustrated book that tells all about
 them and for the name of the dealer near you who handles them.

Please mention this magazine when answering .advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

VOL. XXVIII.	JULY 1, 1913.	No. &

The Seal of Confucius

By Max Surient

      Author of ‘ ‘ The Secret of Fort Hoodoo, ” “Brothers in Arms," Etc.

      China may become a republic and adopt a modern constitution, but the
    heart of its ancient mystery—like that of Egypt—will ever remain a magnet
    to the imagination of man. Into that heart of forbidden sanctuaries, cruelty
    and intrigue, strange faith and sinister fanaticism, Surient takes us in this
    mesmeric novel of his. As you plunge into the sweep and swing of the Yellow
    Maelstrom, you feel at once that the author has a singular and intimate
    knowledge of the Chinese character and cf the centurles-Iong institutions,
    even if that institution, as in the present instance, is nothing but a piece of
    Jade no larger than an old-fashioned fob seal. Not only the lives of his hero
    and heroine but the destinies of the Flowery Kingdom depended upon the re-
    covery of that little jade talisman.

(A Complete Novel)

CHAPTER I.

STERNBERG, the American con-
sul, gazed discontentedly over
the railing of the broad club
porch at the yellow water of the
sluggish river.

  “I suppose that I may get to like it
if I live here as long as you have stuck
it out, Uncle Charley; but just now I’m
not calling down blessings on the head
of our honored president for picking
out this particular plum as a reward
for my pernicious political activity in
aiding to turn the Republican rascals
out,” he grumbled. “I wish that he
had seen fit to make me ambassador to
Tophet.”

  “Oh, I don’t know; Chee Nung isn’t
so bad when you get acclimated,” an-
swered his companion, a lean, elderly
man, who lounged comfortably in a long
<iA

bamboo chair beside him, seemingly ob-
livious to the heat and humidity which
had caused the consul so far to forget
his official dignity that he had discarded
collar and tie, and sat unabashed with
his unbuttoned tunic of white duck re-
vealing that he wore only a singlet be-
neath it. ‘‘What’s wrong beside the cli-
mate, Sternberg? Missionaries been
kickin’ up a bobbery?”

  “No, nothing more than usual,” re-
plied the consul. ‘‘I reckon that it’s
just the heat and a touch of liver, and
—oh, yes, there is something bother-
ing me, too. Say, Uncle Charley,
you’ve been out here so long that you’re
the recognized walking ‘Who’s Who ?’
of .every foreigner, past and present,
between Vladivostok and Manila, so
you can surely help me out. Who’s
Macpherson?”

  “Why?” demanded the older man,
2

THE <PO<PUU1<R MAGAZINE

with unaccustomed curtness, as he
straightened up in his chair.

  Sternberg was so surprised at the ef-
fect of his question that he momen-
tarily forgot the heat, and the large
palm-leaf fan with which he had un-
availingly been trying to mitigate his
discomfort dropped from his moist
hand. Winton, familiarly known as
‘‘Uncle Charley” in every foreign set-
tlement on the Chinese littoral, oldest
American resident of the Flowery
Kingdom, and only surviving charter
member of the Chee Nung Club, was
ordinarily garrulous, and a question of
identity or a disputed point of ancient
history which he could settle invariably
precipitated a flood of reminiscences
and anecdotes of the early days. Stern-
berg accordingly waited for a moment,
unable to believe that the usual torrent
of information would not follow; but
Winton settled back in his chair, and
remained silent, his eyes fixed on the
glowing tip of his long Manila che-
root.

 “Confound you! If you had re-
mained here to see that the club was
properly run, and the tiffins fit to eat,
instead of philandering about Japan for
the past six weeks, you wouldn’t be sur-
prised at the question/' said the consul,
when he became convinced that Winton
would not answer. “It's one the whole
settlement has been asking, and the
womenfolks are so excited over it that
they are losing their beauty sleep—
which, you know, most of ’em can’t af-
ford to do. WTho is he, anyway?”

  “Go on; tell me what’s been, doing
here during my absence,” said Winton,
ignoring the repetition of the question.
“Remember that I haven’t seen a soul
since I landed; the boys had all ridden
off to Miss Washburn’s picnic at the
Bubbling Spring Temple before my
boat got in.”

  “And I’ll wager that they will all
forget the ordinary gossip of the set-
tlement, and chatter of nothing but this
chap Macpherson at that alfresco tea
fight,” grumbled Sternberg. “I’d have
been out there myself, instead of swel-
tering on this cussed porch, if it hadn’t
been for him—or, rather, for his brat.”

  “Go on!” repeated Winton eagerly,
as Sternberg elevated .his white-clad
feet to the porch railing.

  The consul, fuming at the thought of
the cool evening in the hills which the
others were enjoying, and which he had
missed because of his official duties,
was aggravatingly deliberate.

 “Well, you know about how much
intercourse there is between the mis-
sion stations and the settlement, except
during the periodical scares of a na-
tive rising,” he said. “The elders
seem to think that the settlement is
inhabited by unregenerate sons of Be-
lial—which is more or less true—and in
peaceful times even the settlement
youngsters and the sky pilots’ kids don’t
forgather.”

  "Of course; I know all about that;
I haven’t lived forty years in China for
nothing!” exclaimed Winton impatient-
ly, as Sternberg paused and mopped his
shining face with a grass-linen hand-
kerchief, which in spite of its generous
proportions had been transformed into
a limp, moist rag by similar applications
during the last hour.

  “Yes, but I doubt if you have ever
known of anything like this in all of
your vast experience of the country,”
he continued. “This morning young
Astly—John Wesley Astly, son of the
missionary—climbed into a chair, and
had a couple of the mission coolies
carry him into the Chinese city. As
near as I could make out, when they
were passing through one of the nar-
rowest streets the front bearer shoul-
dered outv of the way a youngster
dressed in the most ordinary of native
clothing—or, rather, he attempted to.
Instead of standing for it meekly, as
they usually do, and getting even by
spitting at the foreign devil in the chair,
the youngster turned on him, and. with
unusual fluency, told him what he
thought of his ancestors for a thousand
generations, after the ancient and classi-
cal teaching of Confucius. Then he
proceeded to emphasize his remarks by
sending a right to the point of the jaw
and a perfectly good left to the solar
plexus, as practiced by Professor John
L..Sullivan. "
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

3

 “Young Astly, unaccustomed to
having his coolies assaulted by mere
natives, got considerably wrought up,
and as he wriggled from the overturned
chair he so far forgot he was a minis-
ter’s son that he used several expres-
sions in the vernacular which he never
learned in the mission kindergarten,
and announced his intention of remov-
ing the yellow hide piecemeal from the
offender.”

  “Lesser incidents have led to mas-
sacres within my recollection,” com-
mented Winton gravely. “The young
cub needs disciplining.”

  “Oh, no, he doesn’t—he got plenty!”
answered Sternberg, chuckling. “The
chap whom he had announced his inten-
tion of flaying was about his own size,
and he answered, in perfectly good
English, that he could lick the son of
any sky pilot that ever dealt out Bibles
and free rations to rice Christians.
Then he proceeded to demonstrate His
ability to make his words good, and
he made a human punching bag of the
missionary’s son until the other badly
scared chair coolie induced the soldiers
in the guardroom at the Water Gate to
come to his rescue. But the original
cause of all the trouble proved to be
no Chinaman, but the Macpherson boy,
who had beetj strolling through Chee
Nung in native costume, so they
brought them both before me at the
consulate.”

  “The father is an American, then?”
exclaimed Winton, relief very evident
in his tone.

  Sternberg shook his head. “I’m
blessed if I know what he is; that’s
why I asked the first question. I’ve
never set eyes on him, and the boy
wasn’t communicative on that point. I
assumed that he was, and the kid didn’t
raise any question as to my jurisdic-
tion, although he seemed perfectly fa-
miliar with the procedure of the extra
^territorial administration of justice. I
did not take any action, for I didn’t
want to make a bobbery over a boyish
scrap before natives, in spite of the fact
that the Reverend Astly appeared at
the consulate breathing an unusual
amount of fire and brimstone.”

  “See here, Sternberg; let me get at
the rights of this thing,” interrupted
Winton impatiently. “Commence at
the beginning, can’t you, so that I can
get a lucid idea of why an American
boy should be masquerading in that
filthy hole in native costume?”

  “Don’t get all het up, Uncle Char-
ley; it’s bad for the liver at this sea-
son,” answered Sternberg soothingly.
“I defy you to make anything lucid out
of this business—anyway, no one else
has been able to. The beginning, so far
as I know, was about three weeks ago,
when a comprador by the name of
Wong Tom came up from the coast,
and announced that he was looking for
a house in the settlement for his em-
ployer—name of Macpherson. It was
essential that the place should be on the
river, so some one sent him to me-—
you know that Mrs. Farley left the dis-
posal of the bungalow to me when she
went home after poor Tom went out.”

  Wanton nodded assent, and Sternberg
went on: “Well, the comprador
seemed more interested in the condi-
tion of the landing stage and the com-
pound walls than the domestic arrange-
ments of the house, which was mighty
lucky for Mrs. Farley. He pungled up
the full purchase price in American
yellowbacks, and gave me a memoran-
dum that the deed was to be made to
Richard Macpherson.”

  “Yes, that was the name—she called
him Dick,” said Winton absently, and
half to himself; and then, leaning for-
ward in his chair, he looked expectantly
at the consul. “Go ahead, Sternberg;
let’s have the sequel. What is this chap
Macpherson like ?” he demanded
eagerly.

  “That’s just what every one in the
settlement would like to know; but no
one has set eyes on him, and I don’t
even know whether he is here or not,”
answered the consul. “Wong Tom took
immediate possession, hustled in a big
gang of workmen to make some altera-
tions and repairs, and when they had
finished he locked the front gate. It’s
remained locked, too, so far as any one
knows to the contrary.

  “A week ago to-night, just as the
4

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

whole bachelor bunch was gathered out
here on the porch for a good-night peg,
we heard the chugging of an engine
down riverside. The water was at
full flood then, for there had been
heavy rains in the hills all the week
before, and the boat was evidently mak-
ing heavy going against the current.
Pretty soon we saw the reason for it,
for while the steam launch which hove
in sight wras built more on the lines of
a racer than a tug, she was towing a
couple of heavy sampans. None of the
crowd had ever seen the launch before,
and you can imagine that it created ex-
citement and caused a lot of guessing.”

  Winton nodded. "Yes, I know the
crowd,” he assented dryly. ‘‘It was no
fool’s job to navigate a launch with a
tail like that on the old Yesat Kiang
running in flood.”

  “Then there was no fool running
her, for he brought those sampans
alongside the bungalow landing stage
as easily and quietly as a Liverpool cap-
tain docks a liner,” continued Stern-
berg.

  Winton rose from his chair, and,
walking to the railing, looked up the
river.

  ‘‘There are not a half dozen natives
on the river who could do it, even with
the current as sluggish as it is now; no,
not three,” he said thoughtfully. “Let’s
see—the moon must have been even
brighter a week ago?”

  “Yes; it was a perfectly clear night,
and we could see the whole thing pretty
plainly,” answered the consul. “Not
plain enough to satisfy Tommy Marsh,
though. You know what an infernal
little rubberneck he is.”

  “His shortage of brains and excess
of curiosity have kept him in trouble
ever since he came out,” agreed Win-
ton. “ What happened ?”

  “Well, he got a bad case of fidgets
for fear he might miss something, so
he went down to the club landing stage
and routed out a couple of sampan
boys. They rowed the sampan, with
Tommy as a passenger, up to within
hailing distance of the launch, and
Tommy was just about to get off one
of his brilliant witticisms like ‘Welcome

to our fair city!’ when the launch hailed
first. Tommy isn’t strong on the ver-
nacular, and he didn’t understand what
was said; but it took immediate effect
on the boys. They didn’t rest on their
oars; they just dropped ’em as if they
had been red-hot, and went overboard
like mud turtles sliding off a log, leav-
ing Tommy adrift on the Yesat in flood
in a clumsy sampan that no one but a
heathen Chinee could navigate.”

  “Well?” said Winton interrogatively,
as the consul paused and chuckled.

  “Tommy got back to the club in time
for breakfast—just—and neither his
appearance nor language was fit for
publication,” continued Sternberg. “A
friendly eddy had finally enabled him
to get the sampan to the edge of a mud
flat about ten miles below the Baptist
compound. He wanted me to ask the
mandarins to have the coolies bastina-
doed ; but they swore that it was all
an accident—that they had just hap-
pened to fall overboard, and that they
had heard no hail from the launch.”

  “I’ll talk to ’em later,” said Winton
grimly. “What’s the rest of the story ?”

  “Mighty little, so far as I know,”
answered Sternberg. “The launch
waited at the landing stage only a half
hour, and then went downstream as si-
lently as a white ghost, and a good
twelve knots faster than the current.
The sampans must have floated off dur-
ing the night; at any rate, they had dis-
appeared in the morning. A small army
of coolies was busy unloading them and
carrying stuff up to the bungalow
when I turned in. Tommy Marsh told
me that a young chap, evidently a
foreigner, was standing on the landing
stage, bossing the job, and that he
saw a half dozen women walking up
the pier to the house.”

  “White or native?” asked Winton
sharply.

  “He wasn’t close enough to see; but
he assumed the latter,” replied Stern-
berg. “He’s probably right, for white
women wouldn’t stay cooped up in the
compound walls, and no one else has
caught sight of them. In fact, Wong
Tom and the boy are the only ones
who ever leave it. The morning after
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

5

the arrival of the launch the compra-
dor bought a couple of Priestly’s best
ponies—he knows a horse, and even
Priestly couldn’t fool him—and since
then the youngster has spent a lot of
time in galloping around the country.
He never draws rein until he is out-
side of the concession limits, though,
and no foreigner has heard him speak
until he told young Astly what he was
going to do to him. He wasn’t com-
municative with me when he was
brought to the consulate; just an-
nounced that he was willing to pay any
fine I might impose. I asked him when
he expected his father, and he an-
swered that he didn’t expect him, his
tone implying that it was none of my
business. That’s the full bag of tricks,
so far as I know it, Uncle Charley.
Now perhaps you will answer my ques-
tion. Who is Macpherson?'’

  “Wait a minute, Sternberg. How old
is this boy?” asked Winton, after a
little hesitation.

  “Fourteen or fifteen, I should ^eay,
and rather uncommonly developed for
his age. He knocked that coolie out
stiff, and although young Astley is a
good two years older, and a husky
youngster, too, he thrashed him to a
fare you well.”

  “Not a half-caste, then? They never
have stamina.”

  “No; straight Caucasian; there can
be no doubt of that,” said Sternberg
positively. “But see here, Uncle Char-
ley, I’m tired of the witness box, and
I wish that you’d take my place. Who
the deuce is this chap Macpherson, any-
way ?”

  Again Winton hesitated as a man
might before plunging into icy water,
and before speaking a mutilated left
hand from which three fingers were
missing was raised unconsciously to his
chin, where a white imperial imperfect-
ly concealed a livid scar.

  “Sternberg, that’s a question which
I asked a good many times, until I
gave it up as a bad job about fifteen
years ago,” he said; and the consul
felt that Winton was speaking with the
greatest reluctance of a subject which
brought up the most painful memories.

“My long residence in China hasn’t
been without its little excitements. I’ve
stood three sieges by the Chinese mob,
and I’ve seen a whole lot of things
which I don’t care to recall. The last
years have been quiet and untroubled
ones except for the ghosts of the past,
for it’s fifteen years since I went
through the worst of all, and lost these
fingers and won this scar on my chin.
I have always believed that I was the
sole survivor of the Lang Tun mas-
sacre.”

  Sternberg straightened up like a man
who has received a galvanic shock, for-
getting the heat, his perplexities, and
everything but the man before him. It
had been long before his time, but the
mere mention of Lang Tun was enough
to make even a brave man shudder.

  “But I have always understood that
there was not a single Christian sur-
vivor,” he stammered, as soon as he
could find speech.

  Winton shrugged his shoulders.

  “Perhaps I am not a Christian--the
missionaries all say I’m not,” he said
grimly. “In any case, I am a survivor,
although for many a long, painful day
and horrible, sleepless night I wished
there had been none—that I had shared
the most painful of the deaths, as I
did a part of the fiendish tortures,
which were meted out to the others.
I have kept my share in that awful
business a profound secret, Sternberg;
this is the first time that I have ever
mentioned it to a living soul. I wanted
to forget it, and not be reminded of
it by idle questioning. Through all
these years I have never been able to
guess why I was spared, but now I be
gin to suspect, as one sees through a
glass dimly. I find the clew in what
you have told me to-night.”

  He leaned forward in his chair, and
even in the moonlight Sternberg could
see that the usual ruddy color had left
his face. It was set and stern, and his
eyes were fairly blazing, and when he
spoke his voice trembled with emotion.

  “Sternberg, if your Richard Mac-
pherson is my Dick Macpherson, I was
not the sole survivor, for my Dick Mac-
pherson was at Lang Tun,” he said.
6

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

“God help me—I can’t believe it’s true;
but if he is the same, and this fifteen-
year-old boy is his son, and a Cau-
casian, there must have been still an-
other—a woman.”

  “Pray Heaven there was!” exclaimed
Sternberg, with a shudder. "I know
little enough, and yet almost too much,
of the details of that tragedy, Uncle
Charley. One of my predecessors in-
vestigated it, and in going through the
archives the other day I stumbled across
a copy of his confidential report to the
secretary of state. I only glanced
through it, for I felt that if I read it
I should take my revolvers and run
amuck in the native city; but I saw
enough to make me hope that you are
right—that at least one woman was
spared.”

  “ ‘Call 110 man happy until he is
dead,’ ” quoted Winton gravely. "Death
—even a painful one—is not the worst
thing which can come to a man; and
as for a woman-” He stopped ab-
ruptly, and for a long time the two
men sat silent in the moonlight, Win-
ton apparently lost in bitter memories
of the past, Sternberg consumed with
curiosity, but too considerate to ask
that it be allayed at the cost of an-
other’s pain. It was Winton who final-
ly broke that silence, and there was a
strange tenderness in his voice when
he spoke.

  “Even now, after fifteen years, I
cannot bring myself to speak of the
last days of Lang Tun, and it would
serve no useful end in any case,” he said
quietly. “I was there only a very brief
time before it all happened—business
at the little trading station the pretext,
a girl at the mission the real reason, for
my having made that awful journey
from the coast to the interior. Don’t
think that I’m too much of an old fool,
Sternberg; remember that it was fifteen
years ago, and each one of those years
since has counted double with me. I
was returning from a business trip to
the States, as I thought to wind up my
affairs out here and go back perma-
nently, and we were fellow passengers
on the old China from Frisco to Hong-
kong.

  “Never mind her name, and don’t
try to picture her from the women at
the stations here now. Lang Tun and
the many minor tragedies have at last
taught them a little of wisdom at home,
and they don’t send quite such tender
sacrifices to the heathen as they did
then. She was a young girl from a
small New England village, and had
about as much idea of the life which
was really before her as she had ex-
perience of the world to fit her to swim
safely with the lot of fish which made
up the cabin list of the old China. She
was traveling alone; in the captain’s
care, of course; but so was the ship,
and you can imagine which came first
with him. Macpherson was also a pas-
senger, and while most of the unat-
tached men on board were in love with
her before the long voyage was over,
it was evident that none of the rest of
us had a chance ; he was the only one
to whom she gave a second thought.

  “The man was a complete mystery
to us; he was a good mixer in the
smoke room after the womenfolks had
ttirned in, and he seemed to have had
a broad experience of the world, to
have been everywhere, and to have seen
everything; but he never spoke of his
home nor his family, and none of us
was even sure of his nationality. His
English was perfect, although there was
at times a little burr to his pronuncia-
tion ; and Desieux, the French consul
at Kobe, told me that his French was
Parisian. I am sure that he wasn’t an
American, though, in spite of the boy
having acknowledged your jurisdic-
tion.”

  “He didn’t acknowledge anything; he
simply raised no question; but never
mind him now,” said Sternberg.
“Please go on, Uncle Charley.”

  “There isn’t much to go on with in
that part of it, for I don’t know much
more about him now than I did then,”
continued Winton. “It isn’t easy to get
to Lang Tun even now; fifteen years
ago the journey was a terror, and the
girl had to wait more than a month in
Hongkong until opportunity offered for
safe escort. Macpherson stayed there,
too, living at the club, where some one
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

7

had put- him up; but so far as I know
no one ever learned any more about
him than we had found out on the
steamer. I happen to know that the
missionary bunch in Hongkong wTas
mightily relieved when the time came
that she could be sent on, however, and
her almost constant association with
him gained their stern disapproval.

  “It was apparent that her experience
in the steamer and' her month in the
cosmopolitan life of Hongkong had
opened her eyes and broadened her vi-
sion a bit, and she didn’t seem quite
so unworldly-wise nor so keen about
devoting her young life to the conver-
sion of our yellow brothers as she did
when she left her native .village. I
think that they were afraid that she
would fall from grace, and throw up
her job for the fleshpots, and when I
saw her saying good-by to Macpherson
I knew that it had been a narrow
squeak. That didn’t make me entirely
happy, although I had seen a good deal
of him since we landed, and had grown
to like the chap. And then, within a
week after her departure, I didn’t know
whether to be glad that she had gone
and left him, or sorry that she hadn’t
chucked the missionary pidgin and re-
mained to keep him straight.”

  Winton stopped speaking, and Stern-
berg watched him impatiently, as, with
great deliberation, he lighted a fresh
cheroot and inhaled the strong, acrid
smoke.

  “Drink?” he suggested, as a prompter
might give a forgotten clew.

  “No, no more than the average new
arrival puts away at the Hongkong
club,” answered Winton slowly. “You
know that there are fifty-seven different
varieties of roads which a man can fol-
low to the demnition bowwows out
here in the East. In my observation
I’ve seen every one of them traveled
more than once—with the same inevi-
table ending. To the best of my knowl-
edge, Macpherson never more than ten-
tatively set foot on any one of those
well-trodden paths; but he seemed to
be heading for the same destination
fast enough. Even now—and I’ve
thought over everything connected with

him time and again during these years
—I can’t put my finger on a single
definite thing, for whatever he was up
to was done away from us. He would
most mysteriously disappear for days
at a time, and when he turned up again
he looked like a man who had been
‘seeing things,’ but I know that it wasn’t
drink.

  “At first I suspected opium'; but there
were none of the symptoms which we
so soon learn to look for out here in
evidence. There was none of the in-
evitable gossiping and thinly veiled,
contemptuous familiarity on the part of
the Chinese club servants which inevi-
tably betray that a foreigner is 'going
native’—which is about the worst thing
that can happen to a white man—al-
though he had certainly accumulated
the choicest and most variegated lot of
Chinese acquaintances which I have
ever known a newcomer to acquire in
so short a time. He seemed to have
at least a bowing acquaintance with
every river pirate, fan-tan gambler, and
hop smuggler in the native quarter, and
at the same time he was persona grata
with all the fat bonzes at the temples.

  “I can’t tell you what it was; the
change was indefinable, but it was not
for the better, and I could hardly rec-
ognize him as the same man I had seen
riding with the girl six weeks before.

  “When he returned to the club after
his mysterious absences, he always
seemed to be sort of dazed, and acted
as if he were in strange and unaccus-
tomed surroundings for a time ; but that
soon wore off, and he again became
normal and European to his finger tips.
We had simply been casual traveling
companions, and his actions were none
of my business; but it all made me feel
mighty sorry for the girl at that lonely
mission station—so sorry that I never
hesitated when her appeal for help
came.”

  Winton paused in his recital, and
looked wistfully out over the river, and
Sternberg tactfully remained silent. He
knew that Winton would go on at his
own good time—that he was debating
with himself as to how much he had
a right to tell.
8

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “It was a pitiful little appeal,” he
continued, apparently satisfied in his
mind that Sternberg was a safe confi-
dant. “It had been ten days on the
way, although the bearer had evidently
traveled hard; and when he opened his
wallet to get it for me I saw that he
carried another chit, which was ad-
dressed to Macpherson. To me she
wrote that her need was urgent, that
she had tried to communicate with
Macpherson, but had received no reply
to the three messages which she had
sent to him. There was nothing which
hinted at distrust of him; she feared
only that he might be dead, or too ill
to come to her. She begged of me to
find him, if he were living; to come to
her myself, if he were dead.

  “Well, only that day Macpherson had
made one of his mysterious exits from
the ken of European Hongkong, and
no one knew where he wras, or when
he might return. I spent the night
searching for him, but in vain. So,
without confiding my real destination
to any one, I left for Lang Tun at day-
light. Remember, Sternberg, I was fif-
teen years younger then as the calen-
dar counts time, and a good bit more as
men’s lives go.”

  “If you live to be a thousand, you’ll
not be too old to answer a distress sig-
nal, Uncle Charley. I’ve heard tales
of you, of what you did for the Ken-
ningtons, of your risking life and for-
tune for——”

  Winton quickly interrupted him.
“You mustn’t believe all you hear, and
only about ten per cent of what you
see in China,” he protested. “No de-
cent man could have disregarded that
one, anyway. I left her chit to Mac-
pherson with my comprador, to be de-
livered as soon as he reappeared; but I
felt that her fears were more than jus-
tified—that he was worse than dead to
her.

  “Let me tell you that was one aw-
ful trip. I knew the ropes, and spent
money like a drunken sailor, and I
made it in a week, clipping three days
off the record of the native runners.
You know what Lang Tun was before
the tragedy—a walled native city of a

half million or so, a half dozen traders
who carried on their business in de-
fiance of treaties by standing for a lib-
eral squeeze to the viceroy.

  “There had never been a suspicion of
antiforeign feeling among the natives,
and the missionaries had neglected the
most ordinary precautions in the ar-
rangement of their buildings and the
protection of the compound. Naturally
I went first to the tiny settlement. The
chaps there were equally unprepared
for trouble if it should come, but there
was one saving grace—there were no
white women there; the fellows all
lived in a little group of bungalows in
one large compound, and messed at the
tiny club.

  “Well, when I visited the mission I
found that the girl had not exagger-
ated things ; her need was surely urgent.
I had the whole pitiful story from the
head of the mission before I saw her.
He was entirely reasonable, and begged
of me to try to influence her to meet
their wishes—to return quietly to her
own people. He told me that they were
all heartbroken over the miserable busi-
ness, more especially at the girl’s prac-
tical defiance of them.

  “She would make no admission of
wrongdoing, and absolutely refused to
be guided by their advice. She ac-
knowledged their right to cast her out
from the mission, but she resolutely
defied them to make her leave China,
and asserted that Macpherson w^ould
surely come, and then everything would
be made right. It was evidently a bad
business, Sternberg, and I couldn't see
that my coming would make it much
better. I can’t tell you how I dreaded
that interview, for I felt that if I told
the truth—which was the only thing I
could do—it would be small comfort to
her; but I might have spared myself
that anticipation of discomfort. Dyna-
mite couldn’t have shaken her faith in
him, and my careful planning of a gen-
tle way of conveying the truth was
wasted. If he was alive he would come
as soon as he received the chit which
I had insured would reach his hands;
the other messages must have miscar-
ried ; that was all there was to it.
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

9

  “Well, the club was primitive, and
without many comforts, but I was
mighty glad to get back to it; the at-
mosphere of the mission had been de-
pressing; their trouble was a deep one.
The confidence of the girl had been al-
most contagious, but she had not seen
the man as I had seen him, and I found
myself wishing that she never might.
There is no use in making bones about
it; I had loved the girl, and as I thought
over those last few weeks I realized
that the earth was not large enough to
hold Macpherson and myself. And
then, just as I had formulated that
thought in my mind, the man himself
threw himself from the saddle of a
half-dead horse at the very door of the
club.”

CHAPTER II.

  “Naturally my first feeling was one
of great relief, for his coming seemed
in a measure to justify the girl’s faith
in him,” continued Winton, after a
pause which to Sternberg seemed in-
terminable. “I believed he had re-
ceived the message which I left for him
at Hongkong, and it had caused him to
follow close on my heels. But he was
haggard and worn, and when he looked
straight at me without showing the
slightest sign of recognition I realized
that he was in that same condition of
semitrance which had always marked
his reappearance at the Hongkong club;
but he seemed even more stupefied than
I had ever seen him there.”

  “Opium?”' suggested Sternberg; but
W'inton shook his head emphatically.

  “Not even a suggestion of it,” he an-
swered. “He seemed to have been
transformed into an automaton, and I
knew from the attitude of the club
servants that he was an entire stranger
to them, that he had not previously vis-
ited the club.

  “From former experience, I judged
that he would soon come out of it, and
be himself; but I was mighty sure
that he was in no condition to do any-
body any good by going to the mission
as he was. He offered no objection
when I led him into the house, and into
the bedroom which had been placed at

my disposal. Five minutes later he was
stretched out on the bed, dead to the
world, slumbering as peacefully as a
child.

  “Fortunately the club was deserted
when he arrived; the fellows were all
at their offices or godowns. When they
returned they were naturally very cu-
rious, but I lied like a coolie before a
mandarin, and saved Macpherson from
being awakened even when dinner time
came round. There was no sign of life
from him, and after dinner we sat down
for the inevitable whist. It must have
been eleven o’clock before anything
happened, and then Macpherson sud-
denly appeared, unannounced, in the
doorway of the cardroom. He was ap-
parently himself again—at least, there
was none of the bewilderment and va-
cancy which had been in his face be-
fore ; but when he spoke I believed that
he had gone stark, staring mad.

  “ ‘Are you men fools, or crazy, that
you sit playing cards when the country
is up about you?’ he exclaimed, ‘For
God’s sake, help me if you won’t help
yourselves! I must get to Lang Tun,
and I’m lost!’

  “ ‘Take it easy, old man, and like-
wise take a peg/ answered Creighton,
the Englishman, who was practically
the club father, soothingly as he clapped
his hands to summon a boy. ‘The sun
was devilish hot to-day, and you must-
have had a tough ride. Bad thing—
this Chinese sun until you get salted to
it, and-’

  “ ‘But this place will be a shambles
in an hour, you fool!’ interrupted Mac-
pherson furiously. ‘Are you all deaf
as well as mad? Can’t you hear the
brutes raging?’

  “Creighton was a level-headed chap,
and he didn’t fly off the handle, but re-
lieved his feelings by again clapping his
hands for the dilatory boy. Macpher-
son seemed to be hearing something
which was entirely inaudible to us, and
I knew that they all believed he was
mad, and suffering from hallucinations
of hearing. It was very evidently real
enough to him, for the man was in ab-
ject terror, but not the terror of per-
sonal cowardice, if you can understand
10

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

what I mean. He stared wildly about
the room until his eyes met mine, and
then a cry of relief came from his
lips.

  “ ‘Winton! You here!’ he said.
‘Thank God for that! Tell these men
that I am not crazy; I tell you, the
country is rising! Listen, and you can
hear the “Burn and kill!” And you
know what that means. I must get to
the Lang Tun mission station, Winton
—for God’s sake, help me!’

  “ ‘Steady, Mac,’ I answered, trying
to humor him. ‘It’s only a step; but
we can’t go there at this time of night.
I’ll go with you the first thing in the
morning.’

  “Creighton, annoyed that there had
been no answer to his summons, had
stepped into the hallway to call a serv-
ant, and as I finished speaking he came
back into the room. There was a cu-
rious expression on his face, and he
looked sharply at. Macpherson with
troubled eyes.

  “ ‘Fellows, there is something wrong/
he said quietly. ‘There isn’t a servant
left about the club/

  “For a moment there was absolute
silence in the room, and then, with a
round Teutonic oath, Kounz, the Ger-
man tea buyer, jumped from his chair,
and threw open the bamboo lattice
which screened the window. It was
a black night, but outside there was
no disquieting sound; the stillness was
so profound that in our keyed-up con-
dition it seemed ominous. It was bro-
ken by Macpherson, whose voice was
uncanny as he repeated over and over
that ‘Burn and kill! Burn and kill!’
which was audible to him alone.

  “You’ve never heard that cry, Stern-
berg, and pray Heaven you never will;
it’s the slogan of the mob when anti-
foreign pidgin is toward. There could
be no doubt of Macpherson’s sincerity,
and in spite of the evidence of our
senses that he was suffering from a
hallucination it made us all nervous,
for the desertion of the club servants
was disquieting. Bill Lennie, a raw-
boned Scotchman, who had lived in
China long enough to read the signs
and know his way about, had slipped

from the room at the first announce-
ment, and just as Kounz turned from
the window with the assurance that
there was not a sign of anything un-
usual in the native city, Lennie came
back, in his hand a revolver, which he
was stuffing with cartridges.

  “‘Boys, the mon. is fey!* he ex-
claimed. ‘Full well I ken the Mac-
pherSons, and they have the gift, or the
curse, of it in the blood. I’ve been to
my diggings, and they’re stripped as
clean as a hoftnd’s tooth. I ha’e me
doots that there’ll be a saxpence left in
the compound/

  “There could be no further question
of impending trouble; rats desert a
sinking ship, and the Chinese servants
had been forehanded. Not one of them
remained in the compound, and the fact
that they had dared to loot before de-
serting was sufficient indication that
they believed their masters would never
be in a position to exact retribution.
But, most serious of all, a hasty search
revealed that they had stolen all of the
arms save, of course, the revolvers
which we all carried.

  “Creighton, by right of seniority, as-
sumed the leadership. ‘Macpherson,
what do you really know of this? Is
there a general rising?’ he demanded
sharply. ‘Why in Heaven’s name didn’t
you warn us when you first came, in-
stead of waiting until-”

  “ ‘When I first came! How long
have I been here?’ interrupted Mac-
pherson. There was a curious expres-
sion of perplexity on his face, and he
passed his hand over his forehead as if
he were brushing something away.

  “Creighton turned an inquiring
glance to me, but I shook my head; I
could make no more of it than he could.
I could see that Macpherson was com-
ing out of that strange condition which
Lennie had described as ‘fey/ and the
terror had left his eyes; but they were
curiously bewildered and helpless as he
fixed them on me.

  “ ‘I can’t see that we can make things
better by talking/ he said, ignoring the
question of Creighton, to whom he
seemed to have taken a violent dislike.
‘Winton, will you come with me to the
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

II

Lang Tun mission station—to my
wife ?’

  “Well, perhaps it will strain your
credulity, Sternberg, but for a moment
I forgot our peril—that we were prac-
tically defenseless, and six hundred
miles from help; his last word had
lifted such a weight from my heart
that nothing else seemed to matter.
Had there been no threat of danger
which made it imperative, I should still
have taken him there even at that hour
that he might proclaim what the girl
for some reason which I could not
guess had hidden from the world.

  “It was not a time, however, to think
of individuals, and of course there was
no necessity for answering his question.
Every man was on his feet, and anxious
to be gone, for there was but one course
open to us—to reach the mission station
before the storm broke and cut us off.
It was Creighton who gave the word,
and even as we filed from the card-
room the silence without was broken,
and a curious buzzing and droning
came in through the window at which
Kounz had listened from the Chinese
city.

  “By the time we reached the open
air that droning had increased to a con-
fused murmuring, so quickly does pas-
sion fatten on itself with the Chinese
mob, a murmuring which was punc-
tuated now and then with a staccato
cry—that peculiar falsetto which in the
East always means mischief—while
here and there patches of light betrayed
(he torches of assembling crowds. And
then as we hurried through the dark-
ness toward the mission we heard that
cry of which Macpherson’s hallucina-
tion had given such strange premonition
—the ‘Burn and kill!’ which told us
that our worst fears were realized.

  “As we had expected, we brought the
first news of trouble to the mission—■
news which was as unexpected as a
thunderbolt from a clear sky, and for
which—God help them !—they were ab-
solutely unprepared.

  “The mission buildings were substan-
tial—m^st of them with thick walls of
brick—but they were scattered all over
the great compound. Had there been

sufficient warning, the poor creatures
might have concentrated in one build-
ing, and have held out for a time; but
the storm burst almost at our heels as
we gained entrance to the compound.

  “Straight as an arrow from a bow,
Macpherson had made for the mission
hospital, where I had told him his wife
was quartered. I had meant to stick
to him, but I saw that the native con-
verts had turned traitors, and were pre-
paring to open the flimsy gates, which
might have hindered the advance of the
mob long enough to allow of a measure
of concentration. Creighton and I tried
to drive them back while the others ran
to spread the alarm, but there were too
many of them for two men to hold, and
there was nothing for us to do but to
seek the nearest shelter, which hap-
pened to be the very solidly built chapel.
Perhaps a dozen of the mission people
were already there—men, women, and
children—and Kounz, the big German,
staggered in just before we closed the
heavy door, an unconscious white
woman on his shoulder, a new-born
baby under his arm.”

  Winton abruptly stopped his recital,
and clapped his hands.

  “I’ll have a drink before I go on with
this, Sternberg; I need it,” he said
huskily.

  The consul’s eyes were fixed on the
doorway, and he gave a sigh of relief
when an alert boy answered the sum-
mons.

  “I’d have had a nervous chill if he
had delayed a minute longer,” he said,
after they had given their orders. “It’s
a creepy business, Uncle Charley, when
you think of that Chinese city yonder
and our distance from the coast.”

  “Yes; there’s not a night passes that.
I do not dream that I hear the terrible
slogan, and see the mob pouring
through its gates,” assented Winton.
“But don’t worry, old man; I’m not
going to give you food for nightmares
by piling on the horrors. They were
there, all right, and I missed none of
them, for the chapel was the last build-
ing to fall. For six days we held out
—or. rather, we watched and waited,
because the mob realized that it was se-
12

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

cure from interruption, and had plenty
of time, and they went at it methodi-
cally, taking the buildings one by one.

  “The mission hospital was the first
point of attack, and as it had been
built with no thought of defense, but
to afford all of the light and ventilation
possible, the mob swept through it
about as easily as it would have
marched through an open field. I saw
men and women dragged out, and al-
though I thought I could distinguish
both Macpherson and the girl whose
plea had brought me to Lang Tun, I
was never sure of their identity. It
wasn’t the sort of thing which one
cared to watch too closely,, although the
brutes soon remembered that they could
make us suffer in anticipation, and
seemed to delight in exhibiting their
methods to those who were not yet in
their hands.

  “The men who were with us in the
chapel went fairly mad as they watched
the devil’s work going on. It was bad
enough for us, but the poor wretches
in the hands of those fiends incarnate
were their coworkers, their friends, and
in many cases their close relatives.
Kounz, Creighton, and I fought them
back from tearing away the barricades
of the door and rushing out to certain
destruction in vain attempts at rescue;
but in their madness they wasted their
small store of ammunition, so- that when
the final rush came there were only our
three revolvers, and none of us had
extra cartridges.

  “Of course, I knew that there was
no hope, but I had been treasuring those
cartridges, and when our turn came
every one of them told. I killed five

men, and then—-” Winton stopped,

and took a long pull at the tall glass
which the boy had silently brought.

  “What was her name?” asked Stern-
berg softly, and there was a little catch
in Winton’s voice as he answered.

  “Martha—that was the only one I
ever knew; I have never tried to find
out,” he said. “All along I had planned
to save that last cartridge for myself,
but as the door went down she stretched
out her hand, and there was no resist-
ing the appeal in her eyes. She wasn't

more than nineteen or twenty years old.
Thank God, she died with a smile on
her lips, and the memory of that helped
a little during the next few days.

  “There is no use in going into the
details of what happened to me after
that. I suppose you know that a good
many of the prisoners w'ere dragged off
to make sport in the neighboring vil-
lages ; but for twenty-four hours those
yellow devils exercised their ingenuity
on me right there in the ruins of the
mission station. . I have never been able
to figure out how I happened to last
so long, nor why they stopped just short
of finishing me. I have only a dim rec-
ollection of the last of it, and of the
appearance on the scene of a fat old
bonze accompanied by the boy who had
waited upon me at the Lang Tun club.
It was that boy who recognized me
after they had spent a long time in
examining what was left of some of
the others; and the bonze, who spoke
with authority, raised a bobbery, and
interrupted the slicing process which
they were just about to start with me.

  “I couldn’t understand the dialect of
that part of the country very well, but
the coolies who had been torturing me
began quarreling among themselves,
and I could just make out that some
of them questioned his right to inter-
fere, saying that I was the last one, and
that it would be better to make a clean
sweep of the foreign devils. Three
words from the bonze settled it, how-
ever, and a couple of the largest coolies
picked me up and ' carried me away;
how far I don’t know, for mercifully I
became unconscious.

  “When I came to myself, I found
that my wounds had been carefully
dressed, and I must have been liberally
dosed with opium, for I did not suffer
particularly. I was evidently a pris-
oner, though, confined in a sort of cage
of bamboo. Strange faces were about
me, but I was not treated unkindly, and
slowly I began to take interest in life
again. I had lost all track of time; but,
figuring back afterward, I judged that
my imprisonment must have' lasted
about ten weeks before that fat old
bonze again visited me.
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

13

  “It’s a queer country, this China, and
the longer I live in it the less I feel
that I really know of it, of the things
which go on beneath the surface which
foreigners see. Certainly nothing in my
previous experience had prepared me
for what happened after that, and, to
tell the truth, I have never been sure
of just what did happen. They must
have doped me in my food that day,
and kept me doped for a long time. I
have only a dim and confused memory
of being carried in a hammock over
range after range of hills, and through
countless villages. Then a long, peace-
ful journey by water, and I slowly came
back to myself in surroundings which
seemed vaguely familiar. One by one,
I identified objects which I had never
expected to see again; but it was not
until my own boy, the man who had
been my personal servant for a dozen
years, stood beside my bed, offering me
a letter, that I could believe that I was
really back in my old quarters in Hong-
kong. I eagerly broke the seals of the
silk strings which protected the con-
tents, but inside was a single sheet of
parchment, and inscribed on it was a
quotation from Confucius:

  “To accept gratefully and without ques-
tioning a gift, however humble, is to exer-
cise the ever-to.-be-honored and observed
Courtesy through which we acquire merit.

  “It was a plain hint, and one glance
at the placid and imperturbable face of
the boy convinced me that it would be
wise to take it, for I should gain noth-
ing by questioning any native.

  “Well, when I got about, I found
that the Lang Tun affair was three
months old, and practically a closed in-
cident. The mandarins had gone up
with the troops, and virtually razed the
city, exacting a heavy toll in heads, and
imposing crushing taxes to supply the
indemnities. No one knew that Char-
ley Winton had ever been within a hun-
dred miles of the place, for not one of
the chaps from the club nor a soul from
the mission survived to tell the story.
Ask any of the old-timers at the Hong-
kong club about me, and they’ll tell you
that ‘Uncle Charley isn’t the man he
used to be; you should have known him

before he was pretty nearly bowled
over by that fool hunting trip in the
north country which he made fifteen
years or so ago.’ ”

  He rose from his chair as he finished
his recital, and, walking to the rail,
leaned against one of the pillars of
cunningly joined bamboo which sup-
ported the roof, gazing thoughtfully up
the river to where the landing stage of
the Farley bungalow lay deserted in
the bright moonlight.

  Looking at the clear-cut profile and
the outline of the slender, youthful fig-
ure, Sternberg could hardly believe that
the man before him was nearing his
sixtieth year, and that since he came
out as a lad of eighteen, a cadet in the
service of one of the old New England
trading companies, he had lived almost
continuously in China, where foreign-
ers ordinarily die or degenerate before
the end of the second decade unless by
frequent and long visits to the West
they keep in touch with Occidental civi-
lization.

  Winton was as alert and active as
a youngster, as careful of his dress and
personal appearance as a Beau Brum-
mel.

  Thinking of what the man had en-
dured uncomplainingly, Sternberg be-
came uncomfortably conscious of the
habit of slovenliness into which he was
allowing himself to drift, and, rising
from his chair, he buttoned his tunic,
mumbling an apology for the absence
of his collar and tie as he joined the
older man at the railing.

  “You have always been a wonder to
me, Uncle Charley, and now the won-
der grows,” he said, as he shook and
smoothed his disordered clothing into
the best shape he could. “I know that
every other foreigner in the settlement
—and I suspect a large proportion of
those at the mission stations—remains
here from strictly meal-ticket consider-
ations, and looks forward eagerly to.
the day when he will have accumulated
enough of a pile or earned a pension
to live on at home. You made yours
long ago, and I have often wondered
why you don’t get back while you are
young enough to enjoy what the West
14

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

can offer. After what you have told
me to-night, I wonder still more, for
I should think you would loathe China
and all things Chinese.”

  Winton smiled and shrugged his
shoulders.

  “You may be putting the cart before
the horse, Sternberg,” he answered
slowly. “You are correct in one thing
—I could have retired with more than
a competence a score of years ago, and
since then I have piled up a fortune
which I do not need—a large one as
those things are reckoned out here.
Perhaps after forty years I have
formed the habit of China, and can’t
shake it off; it’s the deuce of a thing
to get into your blood. I have often
thought of going back home, but it
would not mean much to me after all
these years. I’ve lost touch, Sternberg,
and then-”

  He stopped abruptly, and pointed to
the landing stage. A figure had
emerged from the shadows of the thick
shrubbery on the shore, and as it came
into the bright moonlight they could
distinguish that it was that of a man
in native dress. He made no effort at
concealment, but walked to the edge,
and stood with his face toward them,
gazing downstream.

  “It’s the Macpherson boy,” said the
consul, as the moonlight revealed the
contour of his face.

  Winton stared at him as one fasci-
nated.

  “Then Dick Macpherson survived
Lang Tun,” he exclaimed. “It’s a
pocket edition of the man I knew.
There’s the answer—or a part of it—
to all of- your conjectures about me,
Sternberg. Fifteen years ago, as you
have surmised, I was filled with hatred
and loathing of China and all things
Chinese. I was rich enough then to
satisfy any reasonable man, and not too
old to return home and renew old asso-
ciations and friendships. I tried the
experiment, Sternberg, and I stayed in
America just three months. I can’t tell
you what it is, but the East is un-
canny. It had gotten a hold on some-
thing inside me, and there was no fight-
ing against it. That three months was

almost as bad as their predecessors
which I had spent in a bamboo cage,
and I gave it up, and returned to the
old life.

  “Until to-night I never realized what
it was, but now I know. There was
work for me to do here, Sternberg—
something, I know not what, which had
its inception at Lang Tun. Perhaps
those fifteen years of idleness have been
wasted, perhaps they have been only a
needful preparation for what lay be-
fore me. In all that time, there has
been nothing tangible in my mind, but
as the steamer carried me up the river
to-day I had a strange premonition that
it was bringing me to something new,
and yet something old; the explana-
tion of many mysteries of the past, per-
haps to action in the future. Hark !”

  Winton had turned, and was gazing
intently down the river, his head thrust
forward, his lips parted, and his eyes
glowing beneath the contracted brows.
It seemed an eternity that he stood
there inactive and tense, and then there
came to his ears the faint, but unmis-
takable, rhythmic beat of a boat’s en-
gines.

  “It’s coming to me, Sternberg,” said
Winton gravely, as a graceful launch
cut the broad pathway of moonlight 011
the river. She heeled over as she
swung almost in a semicircle to clear
the fleet of anchored sampans in front
of the native city, snd then, coming to
an even keel, she headed straight for
the bungalow landing stage.

  “It’s the same boat—the one which
towed the sampans,” exclaimed Stern-
berg. “The boy must have been ex-
pecting her, in spite of what he told
me, for surely his father must be com-
ing.”

  The launch was now so close that
they could distinguish the figures of
those on board, and especially clearly
a tall, slender man, who stood on the
tiny deck at the bow, steadying himself
with a hand on an awning stanchion.
Winton’s eyes were fixed on him, and
although Sternberg knew that stand-
ing as they did in the shadow of the
porch they must be invisible from the
launch, he had an uncanny feeling that
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

15

their presence was divined by at least
one of its occupants, for as the boat
passed the club landing the man in the
bow turned squarely toward them, ap-
parently returning Winton’s fixed stare.

  “Sternberg, the age of miracles has
not passed; the dead still come to life,
for that is Dick Macpherson, who died
at Lang Tun!” said Winton, with a
noticeable tremor in his voice, as the
launch shot alongside the landing stage
and made fast. “I am going to him;
would you care to accompany me?”

  “Won’t morning do as well, Uncle
Charley?” suggested the consul.

  “No; he expects me to-night.” an-
swered Winton confidently.

  Sternberg hesitated for a moment,
and then drew his companion into the
semicircle of illumination from the hall-
way lamps.

  “See here, Uncle Charley, I half ex-
pected to find the light of madness in
your eyes, but they are apparently all
right,” he said half seriously. “I
reckon that it’s just plain curiosity
which makes you want to go to-night,
and which will make me go with you.”

  Winton smiled as he pvilled away
from him and walked back to the rail-
in&-

  “Very well; it’s a thing which I pre-
fer not to argue about—it is better to
let time bring conviction,” he said, as
Sternberg rejoined him. “I believe,
however, that you will find that I am
right.”

  The consul shrugged his shoulders,
but the scoffing answer which was on
the tip of his tongue was never fin-
ished, for the comprador, Wong Tom,
seemed to have popped up through the
floor, or to have dropped from the ceil-
ing, so suddenly and mysteriously did
he appear before them.

  “Mr. Winton, sir, my masta makee
compliments, and say will he send boat,
or you catch licksha to come bunga-
low side?” he asked; and Sternberg
looked from one to the other suspi-
ciously, wondering if Winton had not
been trying to mystify him. He quickly
realized that his suspicion was unjust.

  “My compliments to Mr. Macpher-
son, and we should prefer a boat,”

Winton answered. “My friend, Mr.
Sternberg, the American consul, will
come with me to pay his respects.”

  Wong Tom bowed respectfully, and
disappeared as quietly as he had come.

  Sternberg watched him until he had
vanished in the shadows. “It’s high
time that you came back to take these
club boys in hand, Uncle Charley,” he
said. “They have growrn careless with-
out your watchful eye on them. They
should not allow a native to get in here
unannounced.”

  “Sternberg, there is one thing that I
have learned in China—that it is a
waste of time and energy to attempt the
impossible,” he answered, in a low
voice. “I might rage at them until I
was blue in the face, and I should have
my trouble for my pains if I instructed
them to deny that man admittance.”

  “What the deuce are you driving at,
Winton ?” demanded Sternberg impa-
tiently. “It is a cast-iron rule, of the
club, and Wong Tom is only a com-
prador.”

  Winton drew nearer, and his voice
lowered still more. “Perhaps he is;
but I have warned you that you can’t
believe all you see in China,” he said
gravely. “We have made one identifi-
cation to-night, Sternberg; your Rich-
ard Macpherson is my Dick Macpher-
son; now I’ll tell you of another: Your
model comprador, Wong Tom, is that
same fat bonze who fifteen years ago
had the power of life and death over
the foreigners in the hands of his coun-
trymen at Lang Tun.”

CHAPTER III.

  There was nothing in Macpherson’s
bearing or greeting which would have
suggested to a casual observer that
there was anything unusual in his meet-
ing with Winton, from whom he had
parted in such tragic surroundings; nor
that he resented in the slightest degree
the uninvited presence of Sternberg.
He was a striking-looking man in his
immaculate yacht uniform of white—
tall and slender, with the broad shoul-
ders, straight back, and slender waist
which suggested military training. A
16

THB CP0CPUL/1CR MAGAZINE

skin naturally swarthy had been tanned
by sun and wind to the hue of saddle
leather, and contrasted strangely with
the closely cropped, snow-white hair
and the carefully trimmed and pointed
mustache. His eyes were of that pe-
culiar dark hue which makes it difficult
to distinguish the line between pupil
and iris, the nose thin and aquiline,
with the peculiar curve cut of nostril
suggesting a latent cruelty.

  Sternberg had known the bungalow
well in the days when the Farleys
owned and occupied it; but there was
nothing familiar in the room where they
found the new owner. Then it had
been typical of the temporary homes
of most foreigners in the East—a med-
ley of comfortable things imported
from home, and a collection of porce-
lains, weapons, and other curios which
the foreigner invariably accumulates in
a strange land. But during Macpher-
son's brief ownership it had been abso-
lutely transformed, and there was noth-
ing in its furnishing or decoration
which suggested that it was in China.

  Rich Persian rugs covered the pol-
ished floor in place of the cooler and
more appropriate matting of the coun-
try ; the furniture was obviously of Eu-
ropean design and make, and hunting
prints and engravings of sporting sub-
jects hung on the walls above the rows
of well-filled bookshelves. It might
well have been the den or study of a
man accustomed to luxury in an Eng-
lish country house, and the servant who
had admitted them was as typical an
English butler as one could find in May-
fair.

  Winton, in spite of his mind being
possessed with weightier things, looked
about curiously, for none knew better
than he what an expenditure such a
transformation implied, and in the old
days Macpherson had frankly admitted
that his means were of the slenderest.

  But more impressive to him than the
change in the surroundings was the
change in the man himself. On the
steamer and in Hongkong—except dur-
ing those strange periods which always
followed his return from his expedi-
tions of mystery—Macpherson had

been of a rollicking, devil-may-care
temperament, full of fun, and always
ready for mischief and larks. His hair
and mustache had been of raven black-
ness, and his face had been free from
lines and care. Now it was marked
with two parallel perpendicular furrows
between the white eyebrows, and the
mouth was set in straight, stern lines,
which gave one the impression that it
cottld never again relax into a smile.

  “It’was good of you to come, Winton
—and to bring Mr. Sternberg with
you,” he said quietly, and with just that
hint of hesitation before the inclusive
ending of his greeting to make the con-
sul suspicious that Macpherson would
have been better pleased had Winton
come alone. “I take it for granted that
your friend is not entirely unacquaint-
ed with ancient history?”

  “I have told him pretty much all
that I knew of it, which was little
enough,” answered Winton. “I have
always believed that Lang Tun put a
period to it, and that there was nothing
to be gained by digging back into the
past. I always supposed that you
shared the fate of the others—that I
was the only Caucasian who came alive
out of that compound where we parted
company in the darkness fifteen years
ago. It is not more than two hours
since I learned that I was mistaken.”

  Macpherson nodded, and the fur-
rows between the eyebrows seemed to
deepen.

  “It was a tragedy of errors, Winton,”
he said. fT was deluded with the same
belief; I supposed that I was the only
survivor; I have only a few months the
advantage of you in learning the truth
—or a part of it.”

  “I have not been in hiding since,”
answered Winton, with just enough
emphasis on the personal pronoun to
give his comment a significance which
Macpherson could not ignore.

  The swarthy skin became of a darker
hue, and for a moment there was a
strange light in the somber eyes; but it
died quickly, and his voice was even
and free from anger when he spoke.

  “See here, Winton, let’s assume for
the present that this whole thing has
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

17

been an honest and excusable error on
the part of each of us,” he said. “If
you adopt that tone, it will be simple
for us to be at each other’s throats in
no time—which would prove nothing
at all. I plead guilty to a possible ap-
pearance of hiding, for unless you were
a student of Burke’s Peerage you would
hardly have recognized Dick Macpher-
son under the string of aliases which
he inherited. It took the keenest Chi-
nese bloodhounds a dozen or more
years to accomplish it. If you don’t
mind, we’ll let it go at Macpherson for
the present; the titles would not inter-
est you.”

  “I never heard of your reaching the
coast, Macpherson, although I had con-
nections and acquaintances in every
port,” answered Winton; and Stern-
berg was conscious from his tone that
his suspicions were by no means al-
layed.

  “But I never saw the coast of China
from the day I left Hongkong to go to
Lang Tun until I sighted it from the
deck of my yacht a month ago,” an-
swered Macpherson. “There is no use
of our talking at cross-purposes, Win-
ton ; will you tell your story, or shall I
lead off?”

  “I should prefer to listen,” said Win-
ton. “Mine is of secondary importance
—it involves only myself. Go ahead.
Time is passing.”

  “I’ll try not to waste it,” answered
Macpherson. “There is no use in going
into all of the details, but when I made
your acquaintance on the China I was
under orders for Hongkong. All of the
arrangements had been made by my
family; I had a credit on the Hong-
kong and Shanghai Bank for three hun-
dred pounds a year, twenty-five pounds
to be paid to me personally on the first
day of each month, no payments to be
anticipated under any circumstances,
and the credit to lapse automatically if
I failed to appear in person for two
successive months.”

 “A remittance man!” exclaimed
Winton.

  Macpherson nodded. “Exactly, with
every precaution taken that I should
not break away. That is one reason

C2A

why there was no particular hue and
cry when I failed to appear after Lang
Tun; the bankers are accustomed to
that sort of thing. There had never
been any public scandal at home; the
family council had just decided that I
was of no particular use, and better
off out of Europe. I had started in the
Guards—the Blues—but I couldn’t
stand the pace, and transferred to a
Hussar regiment ordered to India.

  “Out there I didn’t do any particu-
lar good; I accumulated a rather heavy
score of debts, and on top of that a
touch of the sun and fever. I’m not
trying to make out a case for myself,
but there is a lot of my life out there
which is hazy in my memory. There
was no scandal that I know of, but the
colonel invited me into the orderly room
one day, and suggested that I affix my
signature to certain documents which
he had already made out; they were my
papers, and my connection with the
regiment ceased as soon as he could get
official approval by telegraph—which
enabled me to start for England that
same night.

  “There was no fatted calf sacrificed
to celebrate my return; the younger son
of a younger son who has practically
been cashiered is not received with open
arms, even when the head of the family
happens to be several times a baron, a
few earls, and a marquis, mostly in the
Irish and Scotch peerage. An arrange-
ment was made with my creditors—
they were mostly money lenders—and
the beauties of life in China were im-
pressed upon me. I had no choice, and
in any case I didn’t much care, so I
accepted the situation—and became
your fellow passenger on the China
from San Francisco to my appointed
place of exile.

  “The rest of the story you pretty
well know, Winton. I fell in love with
Josephine, and she consented to my plea
for an immediate marriage after we
landed in Hongkong. I can’t tell you
how many times I have cursed the de-
cision to which we came to keep the
marriage secret until I had communi-
cated with my people. Remember, I
was only twenty-three then, and I trust-
18

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

ed that they would accept the fact of
my marriage as a proof that I had
steadied, and, at the very least, mate-
rially increase my remittances. False
pride made me hesitate to announce our
marriage until I could give my wife
such an establishment as she deserved;
and so we decided that she should go to
that accursed Lang Tun under her
maiden name, and wait there until I
received answers to the very effusive
letters which I had sent home.

 "I received those answers—two
years later in London. The family so-
licitor handed them to me reluctantly;
I imagine that he had dictated them,
and feared to lose a very lucrative
client. In the meantime, the tragedy
of Lang Tun had become a matter of
history. Winton, I hope that you can
tell me what brought me there; I only
know that I left Hongkong on a shoot-
ing trip with a little half-caste, who
called himself Jenkinson there, al-
though the Chinese had another name
for him. Then I suddenly found my-
self in a room where a lot of strange
men were playing cards. I remember
the rest of it, of our racing through
the night to the mission station, of my
finding Josephine, and then the fight-
ing.”

  “Go on!” said Winton curtly. “You
found your wife in the hospital, did
you not?”

  “Yes, with a couple of missionary
medicos and three or four other
women,” answered Macpherson. “None
of them had any conception of the real
danger which menaced them, and the
men foolishly decided to close the
flimsy doors and parley with the riot-
ers, as they called them, from the win-
dows. They would not listen to me;
they knew that the people for whom
they had done so much would not harm
them. I insisted that Josephine should
come with me; to remain was certain
death; in immediate flight there was
perhaps one chance in a million.

  “We escaped from the rear of the
building as the mob was forming to
rush the front; but the odds against
us were even greater* than I had
counted.

  “I believe that I killed a man or
two, but it was hopeless. The cries of
the women who had been dragged from
the hospital were in our ears, and I
turned my revolver against my wife;
but that shot was never fired. The
last that I remember was a cry of rage
and protest, and then a million stars
danced before my eyes, and all became
black. It was weeks before I regained
consciousness, and then I found myself
in a strange country, among people
radically different from the Chinese of
the southern provinces.”

  “Alone?” demanded Winton sternly.

  “Yes, alone save for a few millions
of Tartar Chinese,” answered Mac-
pherson. “I’ll make a long story short,
Winton, although Heaven knows it
seemed long enough in the making. It
was necessary for me to learn a new
language before I could even beg for
information; but that was the least of
my troubles, for languages come easily
to me; the blood of half the races of
Europe is mixed in the Macphersons.
Then I learned that I had been left
for dead where I had been struck down.

  “Of course, I have since learned that
that bloody orgy continued for many
days and nights, and it seems physically
impossible that I should have survived
without some attention; but a Scotch
Irishman takes a lot of killing, and in
any case I survived. Then, Avhen the
last building had been plundered, and
death had ended the suffering of the
last captive, the mob began to count the
cost, to remember that a day of reck-
oning would surely come, and it melted
away. The news had spread far, and
people had come from the neighboring
provinces to join in the sport and plun-
dering, as vultures flock to carrion.
Many of them had arrived too late,
among them a troupe of strolling
mountebanks and bear tamers from the
north. There was nothing left of set-
tlement or station but blackened walls,
deserted even by the mob, for the fear
of retribution lay heavy upon them, and
they had slunk back to the slums of
Lang Tun.

  “The mountebanks, retreating in dis-
gust at their hard luck, stumbled across
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

19

me, and while making an examination
in the hope that some trinket of value
might have been overlooked, they found
that there was still a spark of life left
in me. They added me to their cara-
van, and carried me off, giving me the
rough but effective treatment which
they had learned in a calling where bro-
ken heads were a part of the day’s
work.

  “On the whole, I w.as not badly treat-
ed by my captors, for I was valuable
to them; but they lived hard themselves,
and didn’t give me any the best of it.
I was kept almost continuously in a
stout cage such as they used for the
animals. That was not to prevent my
escape, for they had impressed upon
me the hopelessness of such an attempt,
but as a measure of protection from
the malice of the crowds who flocked
to see me; but the life had become so
intolerable that I determined to take
any chance which offered. The oppor-
tunity came after an exhibition in a vil-
lage at the very tip of the empire, right
on the borders of Tibet.

  “Gentleman, there is no use in re-
counting the adventures and hardships
of my flight across Tibet. I won
through at last to the Indian frontier.
And then, so small is this world of
ours, I fell into the hands of a detach-
ment from the very troop which I had
served with in the Hussars, for the
regiment was guarding the frontier
against a threatened outbreak and in-
cursion of the border tribes. Naturally
I was unrecognizable, and I had no
wish to disclose my identity, for it
wasn’t pleasant to think of returning
in such guise to the company of men
wrho tw'O years before had virtually
kicked me out of the mess. I believed
that I could bluff it through, but I had
not reckoned that I might be regarded
with suspicion, owing to the disturbed
state of the country.

  “The regiment had suffered severely
from sniping; it had lost many horses
and several men each night for more
than a week, and suspicious characters
brought in by the patrols were given
short shrift unless they could account
for themselves. No one had the slight-

est suspicion that I was anything but a
native, and silence on my part would
have led to summary execution.

  “Gentlemen, that declaration was not
the least trying of all the hardships con-
nected with my escape. Of course, I
knew that I was in no further danger
of punishment, but I expected to meet
averted faces, and to be escorted out of
camp. You can imagine my surprise
when I was welcomed with open arms,
and treated as if I had conferred honor
on the regiment when I had served with
it.

  “Those two years had made a vast
difference; death had been busy in my
family at home. When I sent in my
papers I was Richard Macpherson, an
unimportant member of one of the old-
est families in Great Britain. A series
of accidents had changed all of that;
the six lives which stood between me
and any benefit I might receive from
my birth had been snuffed out in quick
succession, and I had come into a string
of imposing titles and one of the larg-
est fortunes in the peerage. That is
why you never heard of Dick Macpher-
son again, Winton. He was lost in the
greatness which he had inherited—too
late to bring him happiness.

  “It did bring him power, however
—a power which he used to the utmost
to prevent the history of those last two
years becoming public property. There
was nothing to be gained. Naturally
every possible scrap of information
which the government had in regard
to the Lang Tun affair was placed at
my disposition; but, after all, that was
mostly secondhand, as I appreciate
now.

  “The principal document was the of-
ficial report of one of your predeces-
sors as consul, Mr. Sternberg. It stat-
ed that all of the people at the mission
had been accounted for, their bodies
identified, and given Christian burial.
My wife’s name was on that list—her
maiden name, of course, for there had
never been public announcement of our
marriage. Remember, I saw only the
opening of that horrible affair; but
from what I have since learned I know
that report must have been fiction; it
20

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

would have been impossible to make
such identifications.”

  “It was the published report which
you saw, Mr. Macpherson,'’ said Stern-
berg. “There is no use in denying the
fact that it did not contain all of the
truth; that is contained in the confiden-
tial report to the secretary of state, of
which I have a copy at the consulate.
You can appreciate the reason for not
giving it out.”

  “Man, man, what a lot of misery
might have been prevented had the
truth been told fifteen years ago!” ex-
claimed Macpherson bitterly. .“I be-
lieved that lying report, and from the
day I accepted it as verity I tried to
forget that China existed. Had I sus-
pected that it was a lie, I should have
dragged the emperor from the walls of
the Forbidden City itself to get at the
truth, to have found my wife if she
lived, or certain proof of her death.
Of my own sufferings I do not speak,
though God knows what they have
been; but for fifteen years a helpless
woman—your countrywoman and my
wife—has been the prisoner of those
devils who sacked Lang Tun!’’

  For a moment following the declara-
tion there was absolute silence; and
then, white of face and trembling, Win-
ton rose from his chair.

  “Macpherson, are you mad, or can
this thing be true?” he exclaimed bro-
kenly. “Josephine lived through that
horrible time perhaps; I was prepared
to believe that, for to-night I saw your
son; but fifteen years- It is im-
possible !”

  “I am just beginning to learn that
nothing is impossible.” answered Mac-
pherson grimly, as he touched a bell
on the table beside him.

  The English servant who had ad-
mitted them answered the summons.
Macpherson made a sign with his hand
which the servant mutely acknowledged
with a respectful bow, and left the
room. A moment later the door again
opened, and the boy whom they had
seen on the dock entered.

  There was no mistaking the likeness
between father and son; the boy was
the living image of the man in feature

and coloring." His expression, too, was
impassive, but curiously unlike that of
his father. Macpherson's face was a
mask which one instinctively felt hid
suffering; the boy’s expression was the
mask of the Orient, a veil which no
Western eyes have ever learned to pen-
etrate. He stood before them in re-
spectful silence, but there was just a
hint of defiance, half sullen, half mock-
ing, in his eyes as he looked from one
to the other.

  “There is living evidence of the truth
of my assertion that nothing is impos-
sible,” said Macpherson bitterly. “Gen-
tlemen, this is my son; through me he
is kin to half the noble families of Eu-
rope ; his mother was a sweet, clean-
blooded American girl of old New Eng-
land Puritan stock. Centuries of hered-
itary influence have operated to make
him an Anglo-Saxon, and have suc-
ceeded only in stamping the Macpher-
son likeness on his face; for thirteen
3’ears of training in the Orient have
made him heart and soul a China-
man

CHAPTER IV.

  The boy listened impassively to the
tirade, which was practically a denun-
ciation.; that impassivity possibly the
most convincing proof which could
have been afforded of the justice of his
father’s estimate of him. He was a
picture of curious contrasts as he stood
there, his clear-cut profile, straight eyes,
and gracefully poised head as striking-
ly out of harmony with the baggy, un-
couth native costume as was the bit of
transplanted England which he had en-
tered in discord with the great East
which environed it. Winton was still
shaken and tremendously agitated from
the effect of Macpherson’s astonishing
announcement, and had apparently for-
gotten the existence of the boy, but
Sternberg, lacking the intense personal
interest in the whole tragic history
which possessed the others, found the
boy the most interesting of the strange
human documents which comprised it.

  When the boy had been haled be-
fore him at the consulate, he had been
puzzled by that stolid impassivity which
THB SB ML OF CONFUCIUS

21

so irritated Macpherson, and even more
puzzled by the attitude of the ruffianly
Chinese soldiers who had made him a
prisoner. They had treated him with
that subtle deference which they might
have accorded to a mandarin, while it
was perfectly evident that they only
refrained from manhandling young
Astly because of the most unpleasant
punishment meted out to the soldiery
by their superiors for any open disre-
spect shown to the hated foreign devils.

  Perhaps the boy instinctively felt that
of the three adults the consul was at
least the least antagonistic, for it was
to him he turned, breaking the silence
which had grown embarrassing with a
courteous expression of regret for hav-
ing been a possible bother to him as
a result of his fight in the native city.

  Sternberg was about to answer, mak-
ing light of the whole matter, when he
was forestalled by an eager demand for
details from Macpherson.

  The consul supplied them hesitantly,
and when the recital was finished Mac-
pherson looked at the boy approvingly.

  “By Jove, perhaps there is some An-
glo-Saxon in you, after all!” he ex-
claimed. “You say that he thrashed
them both well, Sternberg? There was
no kicking and scratching about it—
just fair, straight punching?”

  Greatly relieved, Sternberg amplified
and perhaps embroidered his story with
most satisfactory details. He was a
sympathetic person, and underneath the
bitter hardness of Macplierson’s exte-
rior he read the heart hunger of a dis-
appointed and lonely man, the eager
longing to find something which he
could love, of which he could be proud,
in this boy, who was stamped with his
likeness and bore his name. And watch-
ing them closely, he thought that he
could detect just a momentary flash of
responsiveness beneath the mask of the
boy’s stolidity, a faint echo of that
silent cry.

  “I can’t tell you a great deal more,”
Macpherson resumed his story. “Not
because I have anything to conceal, but
there is little that I know myself.” He
turned to Winton. “Winton, you, at
any rate, can understand why I finally,

accepted what I believed to be the in-
evitable in a way which must seem sur-
prisingly casual to Sternberg; there was
nothing to be gained by stirring up the
past, and my only hope for even a
measure of peace lay in forgetting it.
You can also surmise about how suc-
cessful I was in that, although I drove
myself to find occupation for every
waking moment.”

  “Yes, I know—there are always the
dreams,” assented Winton gravely,
sympathy for a moment banishing dis-
trust and suspicion from his eyes. “I
found them even worse when I tried to
live in America than after I came back
here.”

  “I can believe that—from my own
experience,” continued Macpherson.
“For a horrible ten years I seemed to
be enveloped in a horrible mist as soon
as my head touched the pillow. Awake
I resolutely banished the thought of
everything Chinese from my mind,
scrupulously avoiding anything which
might bring up painful memories or
suggest this accursed country. But the
visions came in the night; the faces of
those men who were with you in the
cardroorr of the Lang Tun club, of
the men and women who were with my
wife in the mission hospital, and of the
yellow devils who swarmed about us.

I was always powerless, fighting away
that horrible mist which smothered and
strangled me. That continued until two
years ago, and then suddenly the mist
became a net, equally as baffling, but
at least giving me the sensation of
something solid to struggle against.
The change followed the appearance of
a Chinaman, the first one I had seen
since I interviewed those plausible liars
at the Chinese legation after my return
to London.”

  “You knew him—it was one of your.,
old acquaintances out here?” demanded
Winton eagerly. Macpherson shrugged
his shoulders.

  “Perhaps; I may have seen him a
thousand times, but I didn’t recognize
him,” he replied. “I was on one of
my estates in Scotland for the deer-
stalking, and the gillies found him con-
cealed in a clump of firs from which
22

THE VOVULAtR MAGAZINE

he was watching the house. They had
handled him pretty severely before they
brought him to me, and I wasted no
time with him. I shall not weary you
with the details of it, but that was only
the beginning, and for the next three
months, do what I might to avoid them,
I was conscious that I was rarely free
from the scrutiny of oblique eyes. The
espionage was never obtrusive, and I
never succeeded in getting one of the
slippery devils in my grip. It became
a perfect obsession. We are conserva-
tive at home, you know, so being in
difficulties I did as all well-regulated
British peers do when they need some
one to think for them—I consulted my
solicitor.

  “He was the one man in England
who knew the story of my experiences
in the East; he and his forefathers had
kept the Macpherson consciences for
generations, and I expect that a lot of
family skeletons of which even I am
ignorant are locked in the old strong
boxes of the firm. I doivt believe that
anything could surprise him, and he
listened to my tale of the latest devel-
opments as stolidly as he usually took
my directions as to the renewal of a
lease. They are a queer lot—those so-
licitors who dry nurse the British aris-
tocracy—and my man, Guilfoyle, is the
queerest of them all. He never talks
more than he can help, and he had noth-
ing to offer when I had finished except
the assurance that he would give the
matter his immediate and personal at-
tention. He certainly did, and with the
most surprising results, for two days
later he appeared with this young gen-
tleman, whom he introduced to me as
my son, and the heir to the Macpher-
son titles and estates, as formally and
casually as he would have presented
some trivial legal document for my
signature.

  “I’ll not waste time in analyzing my
emotions for you, gentlemen. Guil-
foyle was not the man to accept any-
thing on faith, and even without his
assurance I should have believed that
this strange Chinese changeling was my
offspring, for he was cast absolutely
in the Macpherson mold. Guilfoyle

made no mystery about it; he had gone
straight to the Chinese legation after
hearing my story. After the manner
of diplomats, white or yellow, they had
asked more questions than they an-
swered until they had assured them-
selves that the nobleman whom he rep-
resented was, in fact, that same Richard
Macpherson who was in China fif-
teen years ago. Then, explaining that
ever since Lang Tun the Chinese gov-
ernment had vainly tried to find trace
of me, they produced this young man,
and trusted that his lordship would now
see his way clear to being equally mag-
nanimous.

  “ ‘And that,’ concluded Guilfoyle, ‘I
took it upon myself to promise, and I
should most earnestly advise your lord-
ship to overhaul your memory con-
cerning things which happened during
your stay in China, and which you have
not confided to me. The boy is only
an evidence of good faith, my lord—
a retainer, as we might say in my pro-
fession—and I am convinced that other
rewards will follow compliance with
their wishes.’

  "Step by step, and day by day, we
went over together everything which I
could remember from the day I landed
in Hongkong until I reached the fron-
tier of India. Human memory is fal-
lible, but so far as I could recall we
went over every detail, and there is but
one blank—the few days immediately
preceding the Lang Tun massacre. I
remember leaving Hongkong with Jen-
kinson and traveling by steamer to Can-
ton. From there we traveled inland
for a day or two, and then there conies
a blank until I found myself that aw-
ful night in the club at Lang Tun.

  “Guilfoyle was convinced of my sin-
cerity, and he carried that conviction
back with him to the Chinese legation,
instructed by me to accede to anything
they might demand which it was in my
power to do; but they evidently did not
share his belief in my veracity. They
would formulate no demand, insinuat-
ing that I knew exactly what was want-
ed. Neither would they furnish a sin-
gle scrap of information which would
throw light on the fate of my wife.
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

23

My boy was equally unable to enlighten
us; he had no recollection of his mother
-—from infancy he had known no one
but Chinese. He had been carefully
reared, and given an education of sorts;
among other things, he had a good
foundation in English.

  “And there for nearly two years the
matter has rested, for we have wasted
that time in absolutely futile endeavors
to come to an understanding with the
legation people. They could not be
shaken in their absolutely firm convic-
tion that I knew what they wanted and
was lying and bluffing.

  “I placed the boy in one of the great
public schools of England. He wTas
there for a year, and I think the head
master was relieved when I recalled
him to come out here with me. He told
me frankly that he could not get hold
of him as he did of English boys. He
could make no specific complaint, but
the boy simply baffled him. Guilfoyle
and I had found the same difficulty;
there was nothing which seemed to ap-
peal particularly to his affection, his
ambition, or his pride. He accepted
everything as a matter of course, and
the first real interest which he ever dis-
played was when I announced that I
had decided to come to China—a de-
cision which I reached when the lega-
tion announced to Guilfoyle that fur-
ther parleying was useless, and sug-
gested that perhaps a personal visit to
the East might refresh a memory which
was evidently at fault.

  "Mind yon, gentlemen, the Chinese
legation people never made the slight-
est admission which we could definitely
take hold of, but in analyzing the whole
thing Guilfoyle and I reached exactly
the same conclusion. The boy had been
produced as an evidence that my wife
had lived through the massacre of Lang
Tun, for he was born about five months
afterward. They dared not make the
admission that she still lives, for that
would have meant the usual naval dem-
onstration, humiliating apologies, and a
tremendous indemnity in land or treas-
ure. But the fact that they had volun-
tarily produced the boy was sufficient
indication that they believed they still

held a more valuable hostage. We have
argued and negotiated at cross-purposes
because of their distrust; they refuse to
believe that I am sincere in disclaiming
all knowledge of what they want.

  “Winton, I am less suspicious than
you are. I know that of all the men
who came out with us on the China
fifteen years ago, you were the only one
whom my wife trusted and cared for.
I know that it was her business which
called you to Lang Tun. I know that
after fifteen years of silence her first
communication bids me to rely upon
you, and be guided by your advice—■
and I am here to ask it.” He stopped
abruptly, and Sternberg leaned forward
eagerly, his eyes fixed on W'inton’s
face. Winton remained perfectly calm,
and, with aggravating deliberation, se-
lected a cheroot from his case, and
lighted it.

  “What has become of Guilfoyle ?” he
asked; and, while there was nothing
offensive in the question itself, his voice
and expression invested it with a mean-
ing that verged on insult. A momen-
tary flash in Macpherson's eyes was
the onlyr suggestion of resentment on
his part; but while the boy's face re-
mained absolutely passive, Sternberg
noticed that the hand which was half
concealed in the loose sleeve became a
clenched fist. Macpherson hesitated for
a moment, and then, his voice abso-
lutely without emotion, gave a matter-
of-fact answer to the matter-of-fact
question.

  “He left the yacht at Suez,'' he said
quietly. “I can’t tell you why, but lie
took a P. & O. ship for Bombay there.
I am expecting his arrival any day. He
would not tell me wlrat he was after.
See here, Winton, I know that you dis-
trust me; but I give you my word that
I have told you the absolute truth.
What is it that you suspect? What
do you wish to know that I can tell
you ?”

  For a full minute they looked each
other squarely in the eyes, and in the
end it was Winton’s which were avert-
ed, seeking the tip of his cigar.

  “There is a great deal which you
would have to tell me, Macpherson,”
24

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

he said quietly. ‘‘I am like your Chi-
nese friends of the legation. It is diffi-
cult for me to believe in such a com
plete lapse of memory; but we will let
the few days before Lang Tun go
at that. There was a time before Lang
Tun—those weeks which you spent in
Hongkong after your wife had depart-
ed for the mission—which leaves a
great deal to be explained if we are to
see eye to eye.”

  A puzzled expression came to Mac-
pherson’s face.

  “Yes, those weeks—what of them?”
he asked. ‘'Heaven knowTs they were
sufficiently tedious to me; I wTas on ten
terhooks awaiting the answers to the
communications which I had sent home.

I have told you the reason for my re-
maining there.”

  “Yes; but you have told us nothing
of your mysterious absences—those ex-
cursions which you made so quietly
away from the knowledge of every one
in the foreign quarter,” answered Win-
ton ; and Macpherson looked at him in
blank amazement.

  “What in the deuce are you driving ■
at ?” he demanded impatiently. “I
bored myself to death at that infernal
club; perhaps I drank more than was
good for me at times, but that was

nothing to be-”

  “Nonsense!” interrupted Winton
curtly. “I am not talking of that sort
of thing, but of the periods in which
you spent days at a time away from
Hongkong, evidently in queer company
from the acquaintances that you made.

I remember that the disreputable little
half-caste, Jenkinson, was one of them.

I knew him; we all did. He was the
go-between in recovering our property
whenever the Chinese pulled off a suc-
cessful robbery. The police were after
him when he disappeared; they had
concluded that he was more than a
fence—that he planned every big job
which they pulled off. He was only
a sample, and hardly a fair one, for
your acquaintances included worse
characters than he—the pirates of the
river, the desperadoes of the slums of
the native quarter. All of that has got
to be explained, Macpherson.”

  Macpherson sat as one dumfounded,
and then slowly the mask of impassiv-
ity dropped from his face. Perplexity
deepened to bewilderment in his eyes,
and he rose unsteadily from his chair.
A tremulous hand passed and repassed
over his forehead as if it were vainly
trying to brush some impalpable but
troublesome thing away.

  “Winton, tell me what you mean, of
what you accuse me?” he said huskily.
“You are speaking in riddles, for I
know nothing of this. I have not the
slightest recollection of any such thing
happening in Hongkong. Back in In-
dia—yes, it did happen; but I believed
it was the sun. My colonel thought so,
too; he acknowledged that he had been
unjust—that I had not been responsi-
ble.”

  “Macpherson, I don’t care a copper
cash for what happened back in India!”
exclaimed Winton harshly. “I am
speaking of Hongkong and fifteen years
ago, and I can tell you of one item
which was discovered later about your
chosen companion, Jenkinson. It was
conclusively proven that it was he who
plotted the looting of the Avondale, the
only entirely successful attack which
has been made by the pirates on the
Canton steamer. You may remember
it; it was while you were waiting in
Hongkong. All of the European offi-
cers and passengers were butchered.
The booty was tremendous, but the pi-
rates are supposed to have missed what
they were really after—a mysterious
treasure which was being transported

  “I was there!” interrupted Macpher-
son, and both Winton and Sternberg
jumped to their feet, startled by an
unearthly quality in the man’s voice
more than by his astonishing statement.
His dark skin had suddenly turned sal-
low, and his staring eyes, with dilated
pupils, looked past them unseeingly.
“That is right; they did miss the treas-
ure, although they tortured the cap-
tain and officers most fiendishly in their
effort to uncover it,” he went on. “It
was of no use; some fool had fired the
boat, and it burned like tinder, driving
the captors off with a few paltry thou-
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

25

sands in gold for their reward. It was
a pitiful failure after so much risk.”

  Macpherson had spoken like an au-
tomaton, a man detached from himself.
Sternberg was intensely interested, but
he had an uneasy, half-guilty feeling,
as if he were eavesdropping. Winton,
however, had no scruples. His face
hardened as he listened, and when Mac-
pherson’s recital ended he was quick
to prompt him to other disclosures.

  “Yes, it was a pitiful failure, and one
which led to another attempt a short
time later,” he said. “You may remem-
ber that, Macpherson, although it did
not create such a sensation in Hong-
kong because no foreigners were among
the victims. It was the attack on the
Shen Fun caravan, which was rescued
only by the opportune arrival of the
viceroy’s military escort. The prison-
ers taken admitted before they were
executed that they were the same pi-
rates who had looted the Avondale.
There were queer rumors afloat about
the entire affair; you may have heard
them.”

 “Rumors! Why should I listen to
rumors?” answered Macpherson, in
that same peculiar voice. “They were

the same-” With the lithe grace of

a panther, the boy sprang forward,
placing one hand on Macpherson’s
shoulder, the other lightly over his lips.
The interruption was effectual in more
ways than one; it cut short any avowal
which his father might have made, and
at the same time served to arouse him
from that strange condition of trance
into which he had drifted. He drew
away from the boy, and looked about
him curiously, but it was the boy who
spoke.

  “Gentlemen, my father is not well,”
he said quietly. “You can see that he
is not himself, and it is unfair to——

  “What in the deuce are you talking
about, Dick?” broke in Macpherson im-
patiently, his voice once more natural,
but still a trace of perplexity in his
eyes. “Winton, you were making some
absurd charges against me, of my be-
havior in Hongkong; let’s have done
with it. Do you mind telling me plainly
what it is that you suspect me of?”

  Winton motioned the boy aside with
an imperative gesture. “I have made
no accusation,” he said sternly. "I have
demanded certain explanations, which
I believe I had a right to do. I have
distrusted everything but the evidence
of my own senses since the first discov-
ery that I made to-night—that your
most trusted servant, your comprador,
Wong Tom, is the same man who fif-
teen years ago was virtually in com-
mand of the looters at Lang Tun!”
Macpherson, entiiely himself again,
betrayed not the slightest surprise or
emotion.

  “Then, if what I have heard is true,
you have small cause to quarrel with
him,” he answered quietly. “I under-
stand that it was through his efforts
that your life was spared.”

  “You knew of this when you em-
ployed him?” exclaimed Winton.

 Macpherson nodded assent. “I
should have employed him if he had
worn horns, a spiked tail, and a cloven
hoof. He has the best of recommenda-
tions, Winton; you will hardly ques-
tion them. He met me when the yacht
dropped anchor at Hongkong. It was
he who brought the letter from Jose-
phine. In it she tells me to trust im-
plicitly in two men—yourself and the
bearer of the letter, whom you know as
my comprador, Wong Tom.”

  “You have that letter ?” demanded
Winton.

  “I have.”

  “I should like to see it.”

  Macpherson took a step backward as
Winton extended his hand and looked
at him defiantly.

  “You may not, Winton—you nor no
other man so long as I live,” he replied.
For a moment Winton looked into the
dark eyes which met his unfalteringly,
and then, with a shrug of his shoulders,
he turned to the consul.

  “I think that we had better be get-
ting back to the club, Sternberg,” he
said. “The fellows should have re-
turned from the hills by this time.”
Macpherson stepped forward before
Sternberg could answer. “What’s the
meaning of this, Winton?” he asked
26

THE cPOcPULAcR MAGAZINE

sharply. “I do not intend to have my
story retailed for club gossip.”

  Sternberg attempted to intervene
with the assurance that he would re-
gard everything he had heard as con-
fidential, but Winton brushed him
aside.

  “I can’t tell you the meaning of it,
Macpherson,” he said. “I am no pur-
veyor of club gossip, but I am not a
reckless fool. Chee Nung is nearly
twro hundred miles from the coast. The
settlement and the missions are impor-
tant, but, after all, the whites are but
a handful wrhen compared to the
swarming population of the native city
and the sampan fleet.”

  “W'ell, what of that? There is no
threat of a rising,” protested Macpher-
son ; and again Wrinton shrugged his
shoulders.

  ‘Tn my knowledge of China, the ris-
ings have rarely been preceded by
threats,” he answered. “I suppose that
there have always been signs and pre-
monitions if they could have been read.
I make no pretense at prophecy, but
the man is a fool who does not profit
by experience. Fifteen years ago your
appearance at Hongkong was followed
by the looting of the Avondale, and you
have acknowledged that you were there
■—and you are the sole European sur-
vivor of that slaughter. Then followed
the attack on the Shen Fun caravan,
which happened during one of your
mysterious absences from Hongkong.
There were strange rumors of a mys-
terious white renegade connected with
the story of that attack. A few weeks
later your appearance at Lang Tun is
followed by the most appalling mas-
sacre of foreigners in the whole history
of China.

  “For fifteen years you disappear ab-
solutely, and when you reappear you
are hand in glove with Wong Tom,
whose activities in the past justify our
suspicions for the future. Perhaps you
have told me the absolute truth, Mac-
pherson, but it is so strange and gro-
tesque a story that it demands a meas-
ure of corroboration. That will re-
quire time, and if a few quiet words
of advice from me will prevent it there

will be no repetition of the opening of
the Lang Tun tragedy.”

  Sternberg had quietly ranged himself
beside Winton, alert for trouble. Win-
ton had spoken quietly, but his words
were a terrible arraignment, and Mac-
pherson had listened with hardening
face. Little of sympathy as had pre-
viously existed between father and son,
Winton’s implied accusations had evi-
dently aroused blood loyalty, and al-
most imperceptibly Dick had moved to
his father’s side. Sternberg knew that
no mere verbal denial could adequately
meet that accusation. Winton had
spoken without passion, carefully
choosing his words, and driving home
the points of his arraignment as might
a public prosecutor before a court.

  But Macpherson was no helpless
prisoner, compelled by superior force to
listen in silence. His dark face had be-
come livid, and the blood lust shone
from his eyes as he faced them. The
whole atmosphere had suddenly be-
come quick with passion, with vio-
lence, with murder; and then just as
suddenly it cleared.

  The heavy curtains covering the long
window parted, and as noiselessly and
as mysteriously as he had appeared at
the club Wong Tom stood in the room.
There was not the slightest change jn
his apparel, but the change in the man
himself was remarkable. He was no
longer the placid, deferential compra-
dor, but a man accustomed to com-
mand, and to having his commands un-
hesitatingly obeyed, and from the mo-
ment of his entrance his personality
dominated the situation. Fie raised his
hand in an imperative gesture, and
Macpherson fell back. Wmton, whose
muscles had become tense against an
expected attack, felt them relax; and
the consul’s hand, which had instinc-
tively started for the revolver in his
hip pocket, just as instinctively fell,
empty, to his side.

  “I have heard everything, gentle-
men,” he said quietly, his English free
from even a suggestion of accent. “Mr.
Winton, I offer you a part of the cor-
roboration which you require. Mr.
Macpherson has told you the truth so
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

27

far as he knows it. Your suspicions
;ire justifiable, but some of your deduc-
tions are wrong/’

  Winton stepped forward, evidently to
make indignant protest. The interrup-
tion caused by Wong Tom’s entrance
had been a relief, but once the surprise
of it had passed the ingrained sense of
superiority which the humblest Cau-
casian feels for even the greatest man
of black or yellow skin asserted itself,
and with it came resentment at his as-
sumption of command. The Chinaman
apparently read what was passing in
his mind, for he stepped forward arid
checked him with a gesture.

  “I have told you that some of your
deductions are wrong; others are cor-
rect, but they do not go far enough,”
he said, as he stretched out his hand,
palm upward, from a voluminous
sleeve. “Mr. Winton, the life of every
foreigner in the settlement and missions
of Chee Nung lies in the hollow of my
hand. If I close my lingers your aveng-
ing countrymen will find what they
found at Lang Tun—blackened ruins
and unrecognizable corpses. For fif-
teen years I have waited for this night
—and I shall not-be denied.”

CHAPTER V.

  As a man hypnotized, Sternberg
gazed at that extended hand, for WTong
Tom’s words had carried conviction.
To Winton, wiser in the subtleties of
the people with whom he had lived so
long, it was merely a symbol; and, dis-
regarding it, he looked searchingly at
the eyes which so defiantly met his.
In them he read little of comfort, for
as well as any foreigner can he under-
stood the Chinese, and he knew that
Wong Tom had made 110 idle boast.

  Dick, from the moment of Wong
Tom’s entrance, had practically effaced
himself, withdrawing from the side of
his father to an inconspicuous corner of
the room; and Sternberg, taking his
cue from Winton’s attitude, stood ab-
solutely passive, watching curiously.
For the moment both he and Winton
had forgotten Macpherson, and as for
Wong Tom he had practically ignored

him from the start. And of the three
Wong Tom was the only one who re-
mained calm and unstartled when Mac-
pherson, having edged toward the door,
threw it open, and sounded a shrill blast
on a silver yacht whistle.

  Winton, already suspicious, was
quick to read treachery in the signal,
and, with a cry of warning to Stern-
berg, he whipped out his pistol, and
backed against the wall. The consul
followed suit; but Wong Tom stood
stock-still, a smile of mingled amuse-
ment and mockery on his face as he
looked at Macpherson.

  ‘‘Suspicion must be contagious, Mr.
Winton,” he said quietly. “Mr. Mac-
pherson’s confidence in me .was un-
shaken until you met. I should advise
you to put your pistol away; his re-
tainers are apt to be impetuous.” Both
of the Americans took the advice, for
from without came a few words of
warning and a sharp command, both in
English, tinctured with a broad Scotch
accent. The crunching of the gravel
beneath heavy-soled boots denied the
advance of the silent-footed Chinese,
.and in a moment they caught sight
through the open doorway of a dozen
brawny sailors in white duck uniforms,
each heavily armed, and all under the
command of a gigantic man with flam-
ing red hair, on whose sleeve was the
insignia of a quartermaster’s rating.

' ‘‘I would suggest that they would be
equally available if they remained in
the hallway, and it may save you em-
barrassment if you close the door, Mr.
Macpherson,” said the Chinaman quiet-
ly. For a moment Macpherson hesi-
tated, his hand on the knob; and then,
with a curt “Stand by !” which the quar-
termaster acknowledged with a tug at
his flaming forelock, he shut the door,
and stood with his back against it.

  “Go on, Wong Tom,” he said de-
fiantly. “The presence of these men
is not a threat; it is a precaution.” The
Chinaman accepted the assurance with
a smile.

  “It was one which I anticipated you
would take from the moment I boarded
your yacht in Hongkong,” he said
blandly. “Fifty or sixty men would
28

THE VOVULACR MAGAZINE

have been a generous crew for a craft
of that size, but I noted more than a
hundred idling about her decks. Surely
a half dozen of them would have suf-
ficed to bring the launch up from the
coast, so I suspected that the extra
dozen crowded into the after cockpit
and concealed by the drawn curtains
were not on board to aid in the navi-
gation.”

  An angry flush came to Macpherson’s
dark face. “Everything you say justi-
fies the precautions I have taken,” he
asserted. “I have not forgotten the
two years I spent in a ‘'cage, nor the
treachery which led to that ignominious
captivity. Come what may, there will
be 110 repetition of that, Wong Tom.
The men outside are a fair sample of
the yacht’s crew, and I can assure you
that they are not peaceful missionaries
nor helpless traders, who will accept
butchery lying down.”

  The Chinaman shrugged his shoul-
ders. “I believe that, for I recognized
a number of them as the gamekeepers
and gillies of your Scotch estates; I
had occasion to dodge more than one
of them on their native heath,” he said;
and both Winton and Sternberg ap-
preciated that the tacit confession of
espionage was not made artlessly.

  Macpherson’s face became as black
as a thundercloud, and he advanced
threateningly toward the Chinaman.

   “You were one of those infernal spies
who made my life miserable?” he ex-
claimed ; and, unawed and unabashed,
W'ong Tom nodded assent.

  “Yes; I directed the wThole investi-
gation,” he admitted. “I would sug-
gest that you take things more calmly,
Mr. Macpherson. In your own country
you were helpless with practically an
army of retainers at your command.
It is not probable that a mere hand-
ful of men would be of much service
in the heart of the Chinese empire.”

  “He is right, Macpherson,” exclaimed

•	Winton quickly, fearful that a rash
word or act might precipitate the trou-
ble which he felt hovered about them.
“Be careful, man; Wong Tom has ar-
ranged your entire establishment, and
he has not thrown his cards on the

table without knowing that he held the
winning hand.”

  The Chinaman nodded approvingly.
“Your insight justifies my decision to
have you invited into this affair, Mr.
Winton,” he said. “The wisdom of
that step was doubted in certain quar-
ters, but I am glad that my counsel
prevailed. I have not planned and
waited for fifteen years to have every-
thing upset by a moment of passion.
It was not difficult to bring Mr. Mac-
pherson to China, and now that he is
here I trust that it will not prove too
difficftlt to persuade him to be reason-
able.”

  “Wait!” said Macpherson sullenly;
and, walking to the door, he opened it,
and gave a curt order to the quarter-
master. Again a tug at that flaming
forelock acknowledged it, and even as
Macpherson closed the door they heard
the heavy tread of the sailors as they
withdrew toward the launch. “Now I
trust that you are satisfied, and that
you will be good enough to tell me about
what I am to expect,” he continued. “I
have wanted to be entirely reasonable
all along. So far as I am concerned, it
is a perfectly plain proposition. I have
every reason to believe that my wife
survived the Lang Tun massacre, and
lives, a prisoner, in some part of this
beastly country. I am prepared to make
any sacrifice to ransom her, but I have
never been able to get a definite de-
mand. I have been met with the ab-
solutely baseless assumption that I
knew what was wanted of me; and now
Winton caps that by making the most
absurd charges against me.”

  Wong Tom, apparently gratified and
relieved that a situation which had
threatened disaster had ended quietly,
smiled sympathetically, and his oblique
eyes fairly radiated benevolence.

  “Mr, Macpherson, I believe that you
are perfectly sincere, and that you are
stating what you believe to be absolute
verity, or you would find yourself in
a very different position,” he said.
“Paradoxical as it may seem, Mr. Win-
ton has every foundation of fact for his
charges. Do not interrupt me, please!”
he exclaimed peremptorily, as Mac-
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

29

pherson’s expression betrayed the im-
minence of angry protest. ‘‘You have
demanded an explanation, and I shall
give as much as is permitted. I speak
of things within my own personal
knowledge, of events which my eyes
witnessed. Mr. Macpherson, fifteen
years ago you were present at the loot-
ing of the Avondale. Of such part as
you may have played in the capture of
the steamer I do not speak, for of that
I know nothing from my own observa-
tion. You were, I believe, a passenger,
bound for Canton, ostensibly on a sight-
seeing expedition. But I do know that
after the steamer was in the possession
of the pirates you acted as the leader
of those who ransacked the holds and
cabins, while Jenkinson supervised the
torturing of the European officers on
the deck. You were the last man to
retreat from the flames.”

  Macpherson*s face had become livid
as he listened. “You lie!” he gasped.

  Wong Tom ignored the insulting de-
nial. “Furthermore,” he continued
evenly, “the rumors of the presence of
a Caucasian at the attack on the Shen
Fun caravan some ten days later had
this much foundation of fact: You
were there, leading the desperate
charges of the brigands. You escaped
capture only because that same Jenkin-
son had a half dozen of them seize you
and hurry you away when the viceroy’s
guard came to the rescue, and made the
carefully planned attack hopeless.
Those brigands were the same river pi-
rates who captured the Avondale.”
Macpherson’s eyes dropped for a mo-
ment, and when he again raised them
they were filled wTith piteous appeal as
he looked at the two Americans. Per-
haps he had expected to find an ex-
pression of triumph on Winton’s face;
but even suspicion had departed from
it, and he read only sympathy

  “Gentlemen, you cannot really be-
lieve that these atrocious charges are
true!” he exclaimed piteously. “Win-
ton, you know how this yellow7 devil
has wronged'me, and he has been quick
to take a hint from what you said.
You whisper of a white renegade, and
he shouts my name.”

  Winton stepped forward, and placed
his hand gently on his shoulder.

  “Steady, old man! No one is dis-
posed to judge harshly; let’s hear him
out. There is more to this, is there not,
Wong Tom?”

  The Chinaman gravely bowed assent.
“Yes, or we should not be here to-
gether,” he answered. “Mr. Winton,
you at least know of Shen Fun?”

  “Yes; I saw its towers and battle-
ments in the distance when I journeyed
to Lang Tun,” replied Winton. “Natu-
rally I was curious about it, for I knew
that no foreigner was permitted within
its gates. It is the Sacred City, as I
understand it—the only one in the em-
pire which is ruled absolutely by
priests.”

  “In a general way, y^our information
is correct,” said the Chinaman. “Like
Peking, there is a city within a city.
Inside of the outer walls the imperial
mandarins exercise a measure of au-
thority, for the population is much like
that of other great Chinese towns. But
inside of the Sacred Precincts, which
corresponds to the Forbidden City of
Peking, the priests rule supreme. It
is a sanctuary; the treasure house for
all that the believers in the teachings of
Confucius hold most sacred. The sanc-
tuary was never violated until fifteen
years ago. Gentlemen, Mr. Macpher-
son is the only Caucasian who ever
passed out alive from the Sacred Pre-
cincts of Shen Fun!”

  Macpherson for a moment seemed
stunned. Sternberg looked at him with
a new interest, for he was new enough
to China to chafe under restrictions
which older residents learn to accept as
a matter of course. That Macpherson
had penetrated and returned alive from
the “Mysterious City” seemed more re-
markable to him than any of the strange
things he had heard that night, for am-
bassadors, and even visiting royalties,
had been rigidly excluded from its
walls. Winton, however, accepted the
statement without the least evidence of
surprise.

  “I have been suspicious of that,” he
said quietly. “Shen Fun is less than
fifty miles from Lang Tun, and I saw
30

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

Macpherson when he arrived there.
You can tell us more, Wong Tom?”
Macpherson had recovered himself,
and he broke in angrily before the
Chinaman could answer. “You credit
this infernal tissue of lies, Winton?”
he demanded. “You, who know that

my one thought was for-”

  “Stop, Macpherson!” interrupted the
Chinaman sternly. “Courtesy and pa-
tience have limits which you may not
transgress with impunity. I am stating
the exact truth, ’but I do not hold you
responsible in the ordinary sense. If I
did, your life would be forfeit, and all
of your blood would make vicarious
atonement. For fifteen years your son
has been in our power, and my pro-
tection has saved him.

  “Do not misunderstand me; I know
that you are a brave man, and I am not
seeking to terrify you by threats. But
you are not your own master; you have
come to China for a purpose; to ac-
complish that purpose you must live.
To live you require my protection; to
receive it you must be guided by me.”
Macpherson shook his head hope-
lessly. “Shall I never be able to make
you understand that my one wish has
been to do anything and everything,
to give anything and everything, that
you may demand, and which it is in
my power to do or give?” he exclaimed
irritably. “There is the matter in a
nutshell, and all of this melodramatic
stuff which you have devised has been
worse than useless.”

  “No; you are entirely mistaken in
that, Mr. Macpherson,” answered
Wong Tom earnestly. “The proposi-
tion which I have to make would have
sounded melodramatic and absurd in
Scotland. You could not have granted
our demands then; you cannot now un-
less you will place yourself absolutely
in my hands. It is impossible, because
the knowledge which you possess, and
which you must transmit to us, lies only
in your subconscious mind, lies dor-
mant with the sleeping memory of those
other things—the looting of the Avon-
dale, the attack on the Shen Fun cara-
van, your visit to Shen Fun itself, and
what happened there—events in your

life of which I believe you to be ab-
solutely ignorant.”

  Macpherson’s face was a study as he
listened, and when the Chinaman
stopped speaking he turned to Winton,
a smile of derision on his lips.

  “Winton, you are reputed to be wTiser
in the ways of the East than any other
foreigner; can you explain to me what
sort of a hocus-pocus he is trying to
put up against me?” he asked.

  Without answering, Winton looked
inquiringly at Wong Tom.

  The Chinaman nodded. “I expect that
you understand enough of it to make
it clear, Mr. Winton,” he said. “You
saw Mr. Macpherson in Hongkong
after the loot of the Avondale and the
caravan attack, and you were at Lang
Tun when he sought refuge there after
his flight from Shen Fun. You can
testify that he was certainly not him-
self—that his mental condition was not
normal.”

  “That is entirely correct, Macpher-
son,” agreed Winton. “I can vouch
for that; you were as a man bewitched,
or in a trance. ‘Fey’ was what Bill

Lennie called your condition-”

  “Wait!” interrupted Macpherson
sharply? his face going white beneath
the tan. “Wong Tom, you believe that
I did all of these things of which you
accuse me when I was irresponsible—
that I actually did them, but have no
memory of them?”

  “I believe that so firmly that I have
stood between you and the vengeance
which has sought you since you fled
from Shen Fun,” replied the China-
man.

  “And why should I have fled from
there? What had I done?”

  For the first time, Wong Tom be-
trayed a suspicion of weakness which
suggested fear. He hesitated, and his
oblique eyes shifted uneasily. “Mr.
Macpherson, that is the one thing which
I may not tell,” he said, in a low voice.
“If it were generally known, even I
could not save you, and the conse-
quences to others might be terrible. It
is known only to a very few of the
priests who guard the sanctuary of
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

31

Shen Fun, to your subconscious mind,
and to Jenkinson.”

  “Jenkinson is alive?”

  Wong Tom shrugged his shoulders.
“He exists,” he said significantly. “He
knew only a part, but even of that he
will never speak.”

  “Where is he?” demanded Macpher-
son.

  “If you will do as I wish, you will
see him,” answered Wrong Tom eva-
sively. “Fifteen years ago you man-
aged, by craft and the exercise of a
devilish ingenuity, to get within the
walls of Shen Fun. Now I wish you to
return there with me.”

  “One moment, Wong Tom!” inter-
rupted Winton. “I have not forgotten
that you saved my life at Lang Tun,
and I believe that it was through your
influence that I was restored to liberty.
May I ask if you were responsible for
the attack on the foreigners there?”

  “I was not,” answered the Chinaman
decisively. “For weeks I had known
that trouble was brewing, and that an
outburst might come at any moment.”
“Wong Tom, Mr. Macpherson will
accompany you,” said Winton quietly.

  “Who gave you the authority to an-
swer for me?” demanded Macpherson
irritably.

  “Common humanity, for one thing,”
answered Winton. “If it is permitted,
I shall accompany you.”

  Wong Tom nodded assent. “It in-
creases my difficulties, but it may also
contribute to the success of my plan,”
he said.

  Sternberg came forward eagerly.
“Will you accept another volunteer?”
he asked. “Not in my official capacity,”
he added hastily, when he read denial
in the Chinaman’s expression. “I’ll
cable my resignation if it is necessary.”
Wong Tom hesitated. “Y-e-s, you
may come,” he said, with evident re-
luctance. “Never mind your resigna-
tion, Mr. Sternberg. If things go
wrong, and I am unable to protect you,
the star-spangled banner would not im-
press the Shen Fun mob. Gentlemen,
we start at moonrise to-morrow. There
will be a houseboat at the landing, and
the launch can tow it.”

  Macpherson looked ruefully from
one to the other. “I seem to be with-
out authority in my own house,” he
said. “Perhaps Dick has a few orders
to give me.” He turned toward where
the boy had stood in the shadows, but
the corner was empty ; Dick had silently
vanished from the room.

  “Your son is already on the way to
Shen Fun, Mr. Macpherson,” said
Wong Tom quietly. “In China a male
child is often hostage for his sire.”

CHAPTER VI.

  The boat which Wong Tom had pro-
vided was the last word in the way of
comfort and luxury. It was sufficiently
large to permit of spacious quarters aft
for Macpherson, Winton, and Stern-
berg. Amidships accommodations had
been provided for the white sailors; and
forward, separated from the passengers
by a stout bulkhead, the native servants
and crew pigged in together as no other
people on the face of the earth could.

 Once on board, the Chinaman
dropped all pretense of the role of com-
prador, and, with a quiet dignity, be-
came the most considerate and solici-
tous of hosts. With wonderful tact and
unfailing courtesy, he managed a situa-
tion which was not without difficulties,
for from the very start the men whom
Macpherson had insisted upon bringing
from the yacht threatened trouble.

  Niel, the gigantic quartermaster, was
the only real sailorman in the lot; the
others, as Wong Tom had asserted,
were recruited from the gillies of Mac-
pherson’s Scottish estates, and their
sole forecastle experience had been
gained on the passage out. They were
undisciplined, and without the ready
adaptability of the sailor, and Niel,
whose temper did not belie his flaming
hair, had cursed their awkwardness and
inefficiency so roundly and continuous-
ly that they had become morose and ir-
ritable, much given to venting their
tempers in turn upon the native sail-
ors.

  Now, the Chinese sailors and stokers
on deep-water ships, where they are
commanded by European officers, are
32

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

one thing; the fresh-water sampan and
houseboat men of the inland rivers and
canals are another. At the best, they
are little better than pirates, and human
life in China is remarkably cheap. It
spoke volumes for the power of Wong
Tom that no man among that rascally
crew of cutthroats ventured to raise a
hand in protest; but, listening to their
chatter among themselves, and the
shrill, discordant chants with wThich
the}'- accompanied their wrork, Winton
appreciated that once his protecting
hand was removed they would exact a
bloody vengeance for the kicks and
curses which the Highlanders dealt out
to them.

  W'ong Tom, however, made neither
complaint nor comment to Macpherson
on the behavior of his followers. From
the first it had been tacitly accepted by
the three foreigners that mention of
wrhat Macpherson had done in Shen
Fun fifteen years before, or of what
he was expected to do upon their ar-
rival there, was taboo; but of every-
thing else he spoke freely.

 “Wong Tom, I have made myself
clay in your hands, and I give you my
word that I shall go through with it
without a whimper,” said Macpherson
quietly one day. “I ask only one thing
—the definite assurance that my wife
lives.”

  The Chinaman hesitated for a mo-
ment. “There is no further reason for
concealment/’ he answered finally. ‘Tt
would have been unwise to have made
the acknowledgment before, for we
knew what the consequences might
have been. Yes, Macpherson, she lives;
she has been tenderly guarded and
cared for, and I can safely say that
this has been the happiest day of her
life. Your son was not sent to Shen
Fun as a hostage; but as soon as I /e-
ceived your pledge he was permitted
to go on an errand of mercy, and to-
da3r he knows for the first time a moth-
er’s embrace.”

  It was a long journey from Chee
Nung to Shen Fun—long enough to im-
press upon Sternberg the immensity of
the Chinese empire, of which he had
previously known but the fringe. To

Winton, of course, it was an old story;
but Macpherson found little in that
journey to remind him of his previous
experiences—a fact which puzzled him
not a little.

  He knew that he must have covered
practically the same territory in his pre-
vious trip to Lang Tun, but not a land-
mark could he recognize. The weary
months of his captivity had been spent
in far-distant provinces, and the up-
lands of the north are as different from
the river country of southern and cen-
tral China as is Maine from the lower
Mississippi Valley. In the north the
men had been of large stature, their life^
pastoral, their cities separated by great
wastes of untilled lands. Here he trav-
eled for day after day through a coun-
try in which not a square inch of land
was left unoccupied by growing crops.
Drainage had reclaimed every swamp,
and a skillfully devised scheme of irri-
gation had made the uplands fruitful.
It was all as new to him as if he had
never visited China before, and more
than anything else he was impressed by
the density of the population.

  The mere mass of yellow humanity
seemed overpowering. Man for man,
they were insignificant foemen when
contrasted with the giants of the north;
but he knew that he must reckon with
them in the mass, and not as individ-
uals. Hourly he had ocular demonstra-
tion of the density of that mass, for the
progress of the launch, with its heavy
tow, wras necessarily slow, and the news
of their coming evidently preceded
them. At every lock the sides of the
canal were lined with thousands of cu-
rious natives, and more than once the
eagerness of those in the rear ranks to
obtain sight of the ‘“foreign devils”
caused scores of those in front to take
involuntarily baths in the yellow water.

  There was never a sign of open hos-
tility displayed by the curious thou-
sands who stared at them—a condition
which Winton, from previous experi-
ence in inland travel, knew to be most
unusual. Out of compliment to his
guests, Wong Tom had caused both the
American and British ensigns to be
flown from staffs at the stern ; but those
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

33

national symbols had no meaning for
the coolies and peasants, who gazed in-
differently at them. From the staff at
the bow fluttered another flag, however,
the ground of imperial yellow bearing
three intertwined circles of green, red,
and blue; and that the multitude greet-
ed with every mark of awe and respect.

  If it came to a question of flight,
Macpherson’s men would hamper him
because their numbers would attract at-
tention ; and yet they were too few in
number to make effective resistance
against this human swarm. He wished
heartily that they were back in Chee
Nung, on the yacht—or, better still, in
their native Highlands—for while they
had inherited the loyalty which would
make them follow him unquestioningly
in danger, or to death, he had inherited
the obligations which forbade him to
traffic needlessly with that feudal devo-
tion.

  It was that sense of obligation which
finally caused him to go to Wong Tom
with the suggestion that the house boat
should finish its journey by sail and
hand power, leaving the launch free to
carry his useless followers back to the
coast.

  “They will be in less danger if they
stay with us, Mr. Macpherson,” he said.
"If they are reasonable, I can protect
them; but they could never retrace this
voyage in safety alone. Every one of
them has done enough since we started
to earn a knife between his ribs; but
no Chinaman dares raise his hand
against even a foreigner beneath the
yellow flag with the intertwined circles.
The meanest criminal in China would
be safe from the vengeance of Tsi-Ann,
the empress dowager, under its pro-
tection/’

  “There is a flagstaff on the launch,”
suggested Macpherson.

 Wong Tom smiled as he shook his
head. “That would be piracy, Mr.
Macpherson,” he said. “Sailing under
false colors wouldn’t be much of a pro-
tection. The flag in itself is valueless;
it is what it represents.”

  “And that is?”

  For a moment Wong Tom hesitated,
and then proudly drew himself up to
^3A

his full height. “And that is the Cus-
todian of the Inner Sanctuary of Shen
Fun—by virtue of his great office, the
real power behind the dragon throne,”
he answered. “That is my flag so long
as I hold that office, and in the eyes
of every follower of Confucius it would
be sacrilege for another to use it. There
is no reason for further concealment;
so long as I live and retain my power,
I am supreme in Shen Fun, and he who
rules Shen Fun rules China.

  “Macpherson, for nearly fifteen years
this great empire has been virtually
without a ruler, for in Peking Tsi-Ann
has ridden unchecked, and China is
headed for destruction. I have played
for a great stake, and some time within
the next few days I make the final
throw of the dice. If I win, you and
your friends are assured of protection,
3'our wife and son will be restored to
you, and you wTill be given safe escort
to the coast. Tsi-Ann will tremble on
the dragon throne which she has
usurped, and under my guidance China
wrill be saved from the dangers which
threaten her.”

  “And if you lose?” asked Macpher-
son quietly.

  Wong Tom shrugged his shoulders
and made a gesture eloquent of help-
lessness. “Then may my gods and your
God aid us!” he exclaimed. “We shall
be alone in Shen Fun, for my power
would be gorte. To-day my word is
law to millions; if I fail, I shall be of
less account than the meanest beggar
in China—powerless to save myself,
and a menace rather than a protection
to my friends. I am depending upon
you, Macpherson, and I have faith that
I shall not be disappointed. No—do
not attempt to question me, for I can
tell you nothing. I know that fifteen
years ago you were not yourself, and in
a few hours of madness you did that
which had terrible consequences. Now
for a few hours you shall again be
mad that you may undo the harm which
you have done. Until the time comes,
I can tell you no more.”

  Macpherson had listened with in-
creasing bewilderment in his eyes, and
that peculiar, dazed expression had
34

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

C9me to his face. Again his hands were
raised to his forehead as if lie were
trying to brush away some impalpable
but mystifying veil.

  “Yes—perhaps—it was madness in
India, too/’ he muttered. “That hor-
rible Temple of Juggernaut—the flight

—the trail of silver-” His voice

sank lower and lower, until it was
merely a whisper, and the words which
came from his lips were those of a
strange language.

  Wong Tom watched and listened in
silence; then, leaning forward, he
placed his hands on Macpherson’s
shoulders, and shook him roughly.

  “No, no, not yet!” he exclaimed per-
emptorily.

  Macpherson started, and quickly re-
covered himself; but in his eyes was a
perplexed inquiry—the expression of a
man suddenly aroused from a deep
sleep and finding himself in strange sur-
roundings. He glanced furtively about
the deck before looking at Wong Tom
—a respite wThich the Chinaman deemed
fortunate, for he knew that his face
had betrayed agitation. In those few
seconds it had become as placid and in-
scrutable as ever, and a pleasant and
reassuring smile played about his lips.

  “So I think that you will agree with
me that it is better they should go on
with us,’’ he said, as if he were con-
tinuing a conversation of which Mac-
pherson had in a moment of inattention
or drowsiness lost the thread. “For-
tune is notoriously fickle, you know,
Mr. Macpherson, and stranger things
have happened than that I should wel-
come the presence and aid of your wild
Highlanders.”

  Macpherson nodded assent. “Very
well; I expect that it is the only
chance,” he agreed. “It is reassuring to
find that we are all in the same boat,
Wong Tom—that we must stand or fall
together.”

  The house boat was floating lazily
into one of the innumerable locks
which, foot by foot, had raised them
to the level, where paddy fields com-
menced to be interspersed with patches
of millet, and here and there the bril-

liant hues of poppies broke the vast
expanse of waving green. The clumsy,
ponderous gates swung together behind
them, and the water from the spillway
rushed in to raise them to the upper
level. Wong Tom made no answer un-
til the shaded deck on which they sat
was even with the stone coping of the
lock. Then he rose from his chair, and,
beckoning Macpherson to follow him,
he walked to the rail.

  Gathered at the edge was the usual
crowd of chattering, gesticulating na-
tives, pushing and crowding to get a
closer view of the pale-faced foreign-
ers ; but at the sight of Wong Tom
their shrill clamoring hushed to imme-
diate and absolute silence, and a single
gesture with his outstretched hand suf-
ficed to start them backward even more
eagerly than they had pushed and strug-
gled to get in the front rank. In a sur-
prisingly short time that great mob had
so effectually dispersed itself that from
the deck was offered a clear and un-
obstructed view of the surrounding
country, and, raising his hand, the
Chinaman pointed to a range of low
hills which edged the eastern horizon.

  “There lies Shen Fun, Mr. Macpher-
son/’ he said gravely. “To-morrow at
daybreak we should be able to see
plainly the outer walls. Until we reach
them there will be little which differs
from the country through which we
have passed; but once within the gates
of the outer city, you must be prepared
to see much which will shock Western
eyes.”

  “But still you intend to take us
through; will it mean fighting?” inter-
rupted Macpherson. “I’m not afraid
for myself, Wong Tom, but I have
come here for a purpose, and that will
not be advanced if I am knocked on the
head. Is your power great enough to
give us safe conduct?”

  “A very positive ‘No’ to your first
question,” replied the Chinaman. “It
would not be fighting; it would be anni-
hilation, a massacre, if such an entrance
as you have pictured in your mind were
attempted. You and those who accom-
pany you will enter the outer gates as
my prisoners, and none save myself will
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

35

have the slightest stispicion that it is
planned for you to come out alive.”

  Macpherson had listened in blank
amazement, and he greeted the con-
clusion with a derisive laugh. "Are you
serious? Do you believe for a moment
that we shall trust ourselves in there
without weapons in our hands ?” he de-
manded.

  Wong Tom gravely inclined his head,
but before he could make verbal an-
swer Macpherson walked to the com-
paniomvay which led to the cabin where
Sternberg and Winton sat, absorbed,
over a chessboard.

  “Come up here, you fellows, and lis-
ten to this!” he called; and when they
reached the deck he repeated the gist
of the conversation for their benefit.
‘‘And even if we should be idiotic
enough to consent, can you see Niel
and his men submitting docilely to even
a pretense of being herded as prisoners
by Chinamen?” he concluded.

  Wong Toni had listened patiently,
and he spoke before the others could
answer.

  “There is no question of that,” he
said; and there was that in his voice
which recalled to Sternberg Winton’s
prophecy of the iron hand. “Officially
I am dealing with you alone, Mr. Mac-
pherson, and I shall hardly need to re-
mind you of your promise to me that
you would submit your will to my judg-
ment. You must go with me to the
Sanctuary, ami for your own safety it
is necessary for you to go as my pris-
oner. That applies equally to any for-
eigner who accompanies you, and you
have acknowledged that even your au-
thority could not make your men sub-
mit to that. It is therefore a self-evi-
dent fact that they may not enter Shen
Fun, and I may say that I have never
intended to permit them to.

  “This is my plan: To-morrow after-
noon you three gentlemen will land with
me at the point on the canal which is
nearest to Shen Fun, which means a
land journey of ten miles. Before that
you must impress upon your Highland-
ers the fact that any further indiscre-
tion on their part will lead to their de-
struction. It will be far better if they

remain under cover in their own quar-
ters.

  “The launch will keep on with this
house boat, towing it through canals
which I shall indicate, which will bring
it in two days to a point midway be-
tween Shen Fun and Lang Tun, and
there it will remain until you rejoin it.
You three gentlemen will enter Shen
Fun as my prisoners, if Mr. Winton
and Mr. Sternberg still wish to con-
tinue.” He paused, and looked inquir-
ingly at them.

  “Please go on ; let us have the rest
of it,” said Winton. “\\ e haven’t come
this far to back out without reason."

  “Very well; but I warn you that it
will be a trying experience,” continued
Wong Tom seriously. “Once inside of
the walls which surround the Sacred
Precincts, you will be safe, and free
from annoyance. Until we reach there,
I can guarantee only your personal
safety, for the mob is fanatical, and in
spite of my protection you will be sub-
jected to jeers and insult. But when
we have entered the sacred gate you
gentlemen will be liberated; Mr. Mac-
pherson alone will remain my prisoner
—on parole, it is true, but absolutely
subject to my orders. To you, Mr.
Winton, and to Mr. Sternberg, will be
intrusted the safety of Lady Lochineal.
Her son will guide you, and you will
escort her to this boat. There are the
broad lines of the plan; the rest is only
a matter of detail.”

CHAPTER VII.

  In the distance Shen Fun looked very
like any one of the dozen walled cities
which they had passed on the voyage,
but as they neared its gates the three
adventurers distinguished one striking
difference. The massive medieval walls
and flanking towers had been kept in
scrupulous repair, and the glint of sun-
shine on steel at regular intervals on
the walls suggested that the watch and
ward was still vigilantly maintained.

  In this last stage of the journey there
had been nothing to arouse their ap-
prehension ; chairs had been in wait-
ing for them when they landed from
36

THE cPO<PULAcR MAGAZINE

the house boat, and, swung on the
shoulders of powerful coolie bearers,
they had been swiftly and comfortably
transported across the level plain over
which the battlemented hilltops of the
city frowned.

  A hundred yards from the main gate
the bearers halted, and lowered their
burdens; and, obeying a gesture from
Wong Tom, the foreigners stepped out
of their chairs and joined him.

  “One last word of caution for your
own safety, gentlemen,” he said impres-
sively. “I know that you are armed,
but—no matter what happens—you
must trust in me to protect you, and
make no show of resistance.”

  There was no time for more, for no
human voice would have been audible
above the discordant blare of horns
and trumpets which suddenly came
from the vaulted gateway; and a mo-
ment later it seemed as if the entire
population of Shen Fun must be empty-
ing itself through that narrow passage.
The column mushroomed and spread
as it reached the open space before the
gate, and then swept toward them—a
shrieking, gesticulating billow of men-
acing fanatics. For a moment there
was a shade of doubt and anxiety on
Wong Tom’s face, but it gave wTay
quickly to stern determination, and,
jumping up on the seat of his chair, he
raised his hand, and made an imperious
gesture. No shouted command would
have carried, and nothing less than a
barrier of stone could have stopped the
oncoming rush; but the sight of that
upraised hand apparently inspired a
measure of awe, and within a yard of
them the human billow split and di-
vided, swirling about the chair and the
three men who instinctively clung to it
as the surf breaks and lashes about an
isolated pinnacle of rock.

  Even to Winton, who had perfect
command of classical Chinese, and a
working knowledge of most of the dia-
lects, the shouts and cries were unin-
telligible ; but there was no mistaking
the hatred which the fierce intonations
conveyed, nor the cruelty and blood
lust stamped on the hideously distorted
yellow faces which surrounded them.

  Wrong Tom was quick to take ad-
vantage of the respite, and his voice
rang out sonorously above the shrill
falsetto cries of the fanatics. His
words, too, were those of a language
unknown to his companions; but there
could be no question of the speech com-
ing from the tongue of one accustomed
to speak it with authority and a master
of invective, and those unlucky enough
to be in the front rank shrank back as
if they were menaced with a whip. The
clear space about the chair grew grad-
ually larger as the human tide receded
under his fierce denunciation; but while
the cries were stilled and the threat-
ening gestures ceased, there was no
lessening of the hatred expressed on
the yellow faces.

  For the moment they had apparently
yielded from the habit of a long obe-
dience imposed by fear, but it was a
sullen yielding, and Wong Tom, wise
from the experience of years of power,
wasted no precious second of the brief
minutes which his fierce tirade had
gained. The coolies who had carried
them from the house boat had been
swTallowred and lost in the mob, and the
chairs in which the foreigners had rid-
den smashed and trampled into shape-
less wreckage; but that on which the
Chinaman stood was intact. Swiftly his
eyes searched the ring of sullen, scowl-
ing faces which surrounded them, and
unerringly singling out the four most
prominent leaders, he beckoned them
forward, and pointed to the long bam-
boo carrying poles.

  In the instant of hesitation which fol-
lowed, the silence of the mob was bro-
ken by a venomous, sibilant hiss which
in the East is ever the forerunner of
more violent protest, and no interpreter
was needed to tell the three foreigners
that their lives hung by the slenderest
of threads. Winton, familiar with the
distinctions of native dress which mark
to a nicety the wearer’s station in life,
knew that Wong Tom had selected the
four men of greatest wealth and posi-
tion in the motley crowd—men who
would consider the coolies’ task to
which his eyes invited them a degrada-
tion. Their clothing was fashioned
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

37

from the finest silk, and the hideously
long finger nails protected from break-
ing by cunningly devised sheaths of
gold proclaimed that their hands were
never soiled by manual labor.

 Wong Tom had shrewdly drawn a
herring across the hot scent upon which
they were urged by their ferocity and
lust for torture, and until they dared
again to follow flesh they would be
content to harry fish. Perhaps it was
more a desire to inflict humiliation and
suffering than fear of Wong Tom
which influenced them; but in any case
they were quick to grasp the possibili-
ties which the situation offered. It
would be vastly amusing to see those
soft-living merchants groaning and
bending under the burdens which tjie
backs of many of them knew only too
well, and a single jeering suggestion
from one of the chair coolies who had
wriggled to the rear of the crowd was
enough to change the mood from one
of protest to a ribald but effective ap-
proval. To the accompaniment of
mocking laughter, jeers, and coarse
jests, the merchants were unceremoni-
ously and relentlessly pressed forward,
and forced to assume the unaccustomed
burden.

  There was just the suggestion of a
grim smile about Wong Tom’s lips as
he settled himself comfortably in the
chair, and, under cover of the noisy
merriment of the mob, which forgot for
the moment its more important busi-
ness in enjoying the discomfort and
humiliation of its recent leaders, he
spoke in English to his companions.

  “Stand fast, and, whatever happens,
keep close to this chair,” he said hur-
riedly. “I can’t explain, for I do not
know what has happened, but there has
been treachery, or these dogs would
never dare to snap at those under my
protection. Make no resistance unless
I give you the word, but if that word
is spoken it will be a fight to the death,
and it will be a mercy to you if you
die fighting. I have won the first skir-
mish, but the real test will come within
the walls. You can best aid me to pro-
tect you by remaining absolutely pas-
sive.”

  There was no time for questioning or
suggestion, for the chair had reached
the gateway, and on the shoulders of
its unskillful bearers it rocked peril-
ously above the heads of those who
crowded and jostled about it in the nar-
row passage through the massive wall.

  Once within the city, Wrong Tom half
raised himself in the swaying chair,
and as he settled back into the seat he
shot a warning glance at Winton, who
had already guessed the cause of his
uneasiness. Like all Chinese cities,
Shen Fun was a network of narrow,
twisting lanes between high buildings,
and filthy beyond anything conceivable
to Western imagination. But leading
from the main gateway in the outer
wall was one exceptionally wide thor-
oughfare of perhaps a quarter of a
mile in length—the celebrated “Path of
the Million Beatitudes,” which had been
planned to permit unobstructed passage
to the Sacred Precincts for the great
spring and autumn pilgrimages to the
holy shrines.

  But now that broad street, through
which the Chinaman had planned to
convey his companions quickly to the
safety of the Sanctuary, was blocked
from end to end and side to side by
a solid mass of humanity. There was
no hostile demonstration, but no barri-
cade bristling with cannon could more
effectually have barred passage than did
that silent mass of immovable human
beings. Wong Tom was quick to read
the significance of the blockade, and
sharply commanded his amateur bear-
ers to turn to the right.

  And then began a progress which, in
reality, was worse than any of the
nightmares which for years had made
Macpherson and Winton look forward
with dread to the coming of darkness,
for clinging to the chair the three ad-
venturers were crowded with it into the
opening of one of the filthy, malodorous
alleyways.

  There was no thought of resistance
in the minds of the trio who clung des-
perately to the bamboo carrying poles.
They were so tightly packed in with
the screaming, jabbering natives that
they could not have struck a blow if
38

THE cPOcPULA<R MAGAZINE

they would, and they dared not loosen
their holds on the poles for fear of
being trampled into the filthy mud.

  .In such madness there was no meas-
uring of time, for every minute seemed
an eternity; but while the advance was
slow it was always an advance, for the
pressure from behind permitted of no
halting. And, bad as had been the
progress, the ending of it promised no
relief, for there could be no mistaking
the peculiar uses to which the open
space in which the narrow slum ter-
minated was devoted. It was the exe-
cution ground of the city.

 At the eastern boundary of the
square the city wall rose sheer and un-
pierced by openings, and spread-eagled
on its gray face wrere more than a
score of human bodies, blackened and
mummified by long exposure to the
weather, but sufficiently preserved by
skillful embalming to retain the unmis-
takable characteristics of Caucasian
origin.

 Macpherson's face grew white, and
he would have attacked the yellow
men had not Winton and Sternberg
gripped his arms.

 “Stand fast, you fool!” exclaimed
Winton harshly. “This is no time to
think of exacting vengeance for the
past. Look, and you will see for your-
self that we have troubles enough in the
present.” As he spoke, he wheeled him
sharply around to face a far corner of
the square, from which a chorus of
mocking cries and derisive cheers an-
nounced the coming of fresh food for
the merriment of the crowd.

 *	It was a curious figure which was
being impelled toward them by a noisy
gang of urchins—a man bent double
by the weight of a great kang fash-
ioned from thick planks of teakwood.
It was at least five feet square, and
only the bearer’s head, which protruded
through the hole in the center of it,
was visible, for its lower edge barely
missed the filthy stone pavement of the
square, and, like a curtain, concealed
the motive power of the cumbersome
frame. He managed the unwieldy am-
bulatory pillory with an ease and dex-
terity which told of long confinement

in its inexorable embrace, however, and
dodging the blows and missiles aimed
at his defenseless, shaven pate by the
cruel escort of ragamuffins from the
slums, he crossed the intervening space
with incredible speed, and came to a
halt with the edge of the heavy kang
resting on the ground in front of the
chair on which Wong Tom still* sat en-
throned.

  There was abject terror in the eves
which were raised to Wong Tom’s face,
and almost instantly the cries of the
mob hushed to silence as the ranks
strained forward, listening greedily for
a sentence to some new form of tor-
ture for the poor wretch. But the
Chinaman remained silent, and furtive-
ly those eyes wandered to the faces of
the men gathered about his chair. On
Sternberg, who was gazing at him as
a man hypnotized, they rested but an
instant; on Winton little longer; but
when they met those of Macpherson,
and read in them the recognition which
was struggling with horror, a hoarse,
inarticulate cry came from his lips, and
he started forward so violently that the
heavy kang would have dragged him to
the ground had not Macpherson jumped
toward him and steadied it.

  “Jenkinson, by all that’s holy! And
he has lived in that devil’s collar for
fifteen years!” exclaimed WTinton, as
he, too, started forward; but Sternberg
grasped his arm with one hand, and
with the other pointed at the two faces
which were now close together, with
the black surface of the kang as a back-
ground.

  “Great Heaven, man, don’t you see
the likeness?” he gasped. ’‘Jenkinson
and a half-caste it may be, but so Mac-
pherson’s face would look had he en-
dured a half as much.”

  Wrinton stared incredulously, but
there was no denying the evidence of
his eyes. Jenkinson, the “fence” of
Hongkong, had been a gross, fat half-
caste, the native blood far more in evi-
dence than that of the unknown Cau-
casian who had fathered him. But
years of suffering and privation had
fined down the coarseness of the Orien-
tal inheritance, and there was no mis-
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

39

taking the startling likeness of his face
to that of the man who fifteen years
before had been associated with him in
such a mysterious way, and had come
with him to this very city of Shen Fun.

CHAPTER VIII.

  As a man possessed of devils of rage
and violence, Macpherson hammered
and wrenched with his bare hands at
the clumsy locks which fastened the
hinged halves of the kang about the
captive’s neck, the half-caste meanwhile
uttering strange, uncouth cries, which
for all the meaning they conveyed might
have been either encouragement or pro-
test. Wong Tom, who had given no
sign that he had noticed the likeness
between Macpherson and the face
which, like a hideous caricature, gib-
bered and mouthed the unintelligible
screams and howls, watched the futile
contest of muscle against iron with a
grim smile on his lips, and answered
Winton’s glance of mute inquiry with a
shrug of his shoulders.

  There was little time for explana-
tion, for the natives, as if fearing that
even against such odds Macpherson
might succeed in robbing them of the
victim who for years had furnished
them amusement in their idle moments,
pressed forward menacingly.

  Perhaps it was as well that neither
Winton nor Sternberg understood the
few shouted words with which Wong
Tom halted abruptly that threatening
advance—words which the mob greeted
with shrill cries of approval, and which
were taken up by those in the front
ranks and shouted back until like an
echo they were repeated from the nar-
row lanes packed with those who were
unable to force entrance to the crowded
square.

  Wong Tom, inactive, but alert, sat
quietly in his chair, listening to the
repetition of his words, which seemed
to grow into a chanting supplication
or summons to some unseen power,
and, watching Macpherson, who soon
became convinced that his mad efforts
were hopeless, and stood gazing at his
torn and bleeding hands, that same fa-

miliar look of bewilderment upon his
face.

  It seemed an impossibility that any-
thing save a battering-ram could win a
passageway through the tightly packed
mob which surrounded them, but ap-
pearances are traditionally deceitful,
and a swaying of the dense throng, ac-
companied by cries of welcome in spite
of the added -discomfort, announced
the coming of those for whom there
had been such insistent clamor.

  Slowly a narrow gangway opened
from one of the streets at a far cor-
ner of the execution ground, and
through it advanced a half dozen men,
the leader such a giant in stature that
his shoulders rose above the bobbing
heads which struggled about him.
Fierce yelps of approval marked their
progress, but a profound silence fell
over the throng as the gigantic figure
reached the freedom of the open space
about the chair, and, with every mark of
respect, kotowed before Wong Tom.
Behind him, his followers gathered as
they succeeded in wriggling free from
the crowd, and a more villainous aggre-
gation of human brutes it would be im-
possible for even the slums of a Chi-
nese city to breed.

  There could be no mistaking their
vocation. The great two-handed sword
which hung at the leader’s back, its
polished hilt rising above his left shoul-
der, was of a pattern never designed
for honorable combat, and the use of
the scourges, thongs, and peculiar im-
plements carried by his men was ob-
vious.

  For the first time, doubt of Wong
Tom came to Winton’s mind, and his
hand dropped from the arm of the chair
to a side pocket of his tunic. With-
out taking his eyes from the huge exe-
cutioner, who was rising to his feet
after his obeisance, the Chinaman
leaned over, and placed his fingers on
the American’s shoulder.

  “Patience, Winton!” he said quietly.
“I have not played falsely. I have seen
what you have seen, and I know that
it is necessary to save that dog from
the kang. Get hold of Macpherson, and
make him understand, if you can; I
40

THE cPOcPULJl(R MAGAZINE

                         \

am fighting for minutes, and a sec-
ond’s rashness may ruin our chances.”
It was the feel of the man’s fingers on
his shoulder which reassured Winton
more than his words, for there was no
suggestion of fear in that firm, steady
touch, and it was that rather than
treachery of which he had been appre-
hensive.

  Even as the Chinaman gave his or-
ders to the executioner, he stepped for-
ward and took a firm grasp of Mac-
pherson’s arm, aided by Sternberg, who
pinioned him from the other side.

  It was well that the consul had come
to his assistance, for, roused from his
strange bewilderment by a piercing
shriek of terror from the half-caste,
Macpherson struggled fiercely to break
away and go to his assistance. The
executioner had passed Wong Tom’s
quietly given instructions to his crew,
and with quick obedience they had
grasped the heavy kang, giving small
heed to the cries of its miserable pris-
oner as they jerked it about in their
efforts to unfasten the locks rusted by
years of disuse. One by one they gave
way and fell clattering on the stone
pavement, and just as the two Ameri-
cans succeeded in forcing Macpherson
back beside Wong Tom’s chair the two
halves parted, and Jenkinson, free for
the first time in many years from that
cruel yoke of wood and iron, pitched
forward on his face, and lay writhing
at their feet.

  A couple of the executioner’s men
darted forward to lay hold of him, but
at a sharp command from Wong Tom
they drew back; and Jenkinson, made
hopeful when a minute had passed and
his head still remained upon his shoul-
ders, struggled awkwardly to his feet.

  Naked save for a ragged breechcloth,
he was a sufficiently grotesque figure
as he swayed and staggered in a vain
attempt to gain his balance. His great
muscles, which had been developed and
hardened by the burden of the kang,
had learned to accommodate themselves
automatically to its ever-shifting weight
and balance, but now could not serve
and coordinate in the sudden freedom.
The half-caste could neither stand erect

nor, without the accustomed weight on
his calloused neck and shoulders, main-
tain the stooping position to which he
had been so long condemned. As help-
less as an infant essaying its first steps,
he lurched and swayed, falling heavily
when he would advance, and rolling
helplessly when he strove to rise "with-
out the support of the pillory for which
he instinctively stretched out his great,
muscular arms.

  In that spectacle ©f helplessness the
crowd for a time found such amuse-
ment that its desire for a bloodier dem-
onstration was forgotten; but Wong
Tom was not lulled to any sense of
false security.

  Leaning forward in his chair, he gave
a sharp command to the bearers whose
services he had impressed. The na-
tives gazed at him wonderingly as his
chair was again swung shoulder-high,
but the executioner, who had stood ex-
pectantly, with his sword of office rest-
ing in the hollow of his arm, stepped
forward, and motioned to his men to
draw about him.

  Even then the mob had no suspicion
of his real purpose, and evidently be-
lieved that he was simply withdrawing
to the Sanctuary, and leaving the in-
truders to be dealt with after the man-
ner prescribed by immemorial tradition.
But when at his low-voiced command
Winton leaned over and steadied the
incoordinate movements of the half-
caste with a supporting hand, and Mac-
pherson and Sternberg moved forward
with the chair, a fierce howl of protest
rose from the human wall which cir-
cled them, and the executioner, his face
black with anger, placed himself men-
acingly in their path. His attendants,
trained by long and constant practice
to anticipate his wishes, and to act with-
out spoken orders, jumped forward,
and grabbed for the stooping shoulders
of the half-caste; for their master, his
feet planted wTide apart, and his eyes
fixed on that calloused neck, was mak-
ing the sword whistle as its keen edge
described great circles about his head.

  The bearers, with cries of fear, halt-
ed abruptly; and, disregarding Wong
Tom’s protest, Macpherson and Stern-
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

41

berg jumped forward to Winton’s as-
sistance as he stood his ground against
the threatening attack, a defiance which
was obviously hopeless even with their
backing. But as if the touch of Win-
ton ’s hand had roused a long-forgotten
memory of his inheritance of Caucasian
blood, the Oriental fatalism which had
enabled him to endure so long his cruel
burden was banished from the half-
caste’s mind, and with that aroused
memory seemed to come a new-found
mastery of the great strength developed
by management of the kang. For just
a moment he had drawn his crouching
body back as if in fear, but it was in
reality a preparation for a spring which
sent him forward like a human mis-
sile from a catapult, the impact of his
calloused shoulders toppling over the
headsman’s jackals without in the least
diminishing his speed.

  Before the astonished executioner
could strike, the shaven pate had taken
him fairly in the chest, and the sword
clattered to the pavement as he went
down with the clutch of the sinewy
hands at his throat, his protruding eyes
staring for the last time at the evi-
dences of his bloody handiwork, which
seemed to mock at him from the scaf-
folding above.

  The very inability to stand erect
which had made the half-caste an ob-
ject for their ridicule when he had first
been released from the kang, now op-
erated to make him a dangerous antag-
onist from the very novelty of his
method of attack; for, maddened by his
first taste of vengeance for all these
years of suffering and humiliation, his
one desire was to maim and kill. Grasp-
ing in one hand the hilt of the heads-
man’s sword, he steadied himself with
the tips of the fingers of the other on
the pavement, and as he plunged for-
ward the great blade swung in threat-
ening semicircles.

  Probably never in the history of hu-
man combats had there been such an
attack, and certainly nothing in the ex-
perience of the Shen Fun mob had
'taught an effective parry for it. Had
he stood erect, there would have been
opportunity to rush in and bear him

down after the first stroke; but more
like an ape than a man, he came at
them in great leaps.

  Wnh the death of the executioner,
W'ong Tom realized that any hope of
the efficacy of moral suasion had van-
ished, and even before the half-caste
had started his mad attack he had given
the long-delayed command to his com-
panions to fight. Without the slight-
est compunction, Winton had shot the
only two of the executioner’s men who
had not been disabled in Jenkinson’s
charge, and Macpherson and Sternberg
were discouraging attack from the rear
by careful shooting, wvhile the China-
man, with an automatic pistol, which
he had drawn from his voluminous
sleeve, held his terrified bearers to the
faithful performance of their unwel-
come task.

  Onward into the crowd the half-caste
plunged with his apelike leaps, the
heavy weapon in his powerful grasp
shearing through flesh and bone and
mowing a broad path to the very edge
of the square.

  Panting, and with his bronzed skin
glistening with sweat, the half-caste
paused after gaining the entrance of the
street through which Wong Tom hoped
to gain the Sanctuary, balancing him-
self with the point of the bloodstained
sword resting on the pavement. The
portion of the square through which
he had literally mowed his way was
deserted by all save the wounded and
dead, and in front of him the narrow
street was emptied of all human occu-
pants.

  “Bravely fought, Jenkinson! You
have saved the day!” exclaimed Win-
ton, as he placed his hand on the. cal-
loused shoulder which reached almost
to his waist. “Never mind the others;
our friends can hold them off when
they get to this narrow lane. You must
know every twist and turn in this hole
of a city, and you can best serve us by
showing us the shortest cut to the Sanc-
tuary.” The half-caste looked up at
him, and with foam-flecked lips mum-
bled an inarticulate reply; but he made
no move to obey.

  “Oh, of course—you have forgotten
42

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

your English—and small wonder!” ex-
claimed Winton; and then, in the Can-
tonese dialect, he repeated his request.
Still the half-caste remained immov-
able, but again he essayed to make ver-
bal answer, and Winton, who had
leaned forward to catch his words,
drew back, his eyes distended with hor-
ror.

  “The devils! The cruel devils!” he
exclaimed pityingly, for in the distorted
syllables which came from the half-
caste’s mouth he had recognized an at-
tempt at English; but they were almost
unintelligible for lack of a tongue to
form them. He remembered Wong
Tom’s statement, which when it was
made had puzzled him, that Jenkinson
lived, but would never tell of what he
knew; and had only his own safety
been concerned he would have re-
mained passive when he saw the half-
caste’s hand tighten on the sword hilt
as the chair drew near.

  “Wait, Jenkinson! This is no time
to think of private vengeance,” he
warned. “There is serious business be-
fore us—the rescue of Macpherson’s
wife, who is a prisoner in the Sacred
Precincts. You must be patient, and
aid us, for without Wong Tom we can
never gain admittance.”

  A curious gleam came to Jenkinson’s
eyes as he listened. No possible com-
bination of letters could give adequate
idea of the sounds which came from
that mutilated mouth; but, with wits
and ears sharpened by danger, Winton
managed to get an inkling of his mean-
ing—that even with Wong Tom’s help
entrance to the Sanctuary would be im-
possible, for every gate had been seized
by newly arrived imperial troops. And
then, as clearly and distinctly as if his
tongue had not been torn out, he ended
with a single terse statement, his voice
so loud that it carried even above the
clamor of the crowd to Wong Tom’s
ears:

  “Tsi-Ann knows all!”

  Little as that shrill announcement
conveyed to the foreigners, the visible
effect upon Wong Tom was greater
than had been produced by the inex-
plicable and threatening revolt of the

Shen Funese. He started violently, and
barely waiting until the clumsy chair-
men had obeyed his quick command to
lower, he jumped from his seat, and
hurried to the crouching half-caste.

  “Is that true?” he demanded sternly.
For just a moment Jenkinson cringed,
but the fear bred by years of habit
quickly vanished, perhaps because he
read a greater terror behind the China-
man’s eyes, and, more erect than he had
stood since his neck had known the
crushing burden of the kang, he faced
him defiantly. The harsh sound'which
came from his throat needed no inter-
pretation, for the hatred and exultation
in his eyes confirmed Wong Tom’s
worst fears, and the Chinaman’s sallow
face went ghastly white.

 “Gentlemen, we have but one
chance,” he gasped. “Wre must reach
the Sanctuary if we have to tear our
way through Shen Fun with our bare
hands to get there! If the dowager’s
troops arrive ahead of us-”

 “They are already there, Wong
Tom,” interrupted Winton, alarmed by
an increase of the hostile cries from
the square which told of a gathering
of fresh courage by the mob. “Jenkin-
son has told me that they hold the
gates; but still we had better try to
reach them. I’d rather take chances
with the soldiers than with the mob,
and we can’t stay here.”

  “Right you are, Uncle Charley!”
agreed Sternberg, who had remained
by the deserted chair, using its back to
steady his aim as he fired at the threat-
ening semicircle. “The brutes are get-
ting their second wind, and preparing
for a rush.”

  The Chinaman stood hopelessly ir-
resolute, but after one glance up the
narrow street Winton grasped him by
the arm, and shouted for the others to
follow as he dragged him along.

  At length, recovering from their
stupefaction, the mob raced swiftly
through the narrow thoroughfare, and
searched eagerly every kennel and mal-
odorous lane which led from it; but
they could find no trace of the man
who for fifteen years had been their
butt for their cruel jests, the hated
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

43

foreign devils whom they had planned
to kill with many lingering tortures,
and the bonze who had so treacherously
planned to destroy their means of live-
lihood by a foul desecration of the sa-
cred shrines.

  Dusk was already gathering, but
great torches of resinous wood were
hastily procured, and until far into the
night the search continued; but as com-
pletely as if the earth had opened and
swallowed them their victims had dis-
appeared, and only a score of dead men
on the filthy pavement of the execution
square were left as evidence of their
visit.

CHAPTER IX.

  In the precipitate flight the leader-
ship which had tacitly been accorded
to Wong Tom since they left the house
boat was lost, for, less active than the
foreigners, he became almost a dead
weight in Winton’s grasp—a handicap
which, as the event proved, was for-
tunate, as it disturbed the American’s
ordinarily accurate aim. Shooting as
he ran, Winton had emptied the cham-
ber of one revolver at a single figure
which apparently threatened to block
their escape before he recognized that
the excited gestures were meant as an
incentive to their own speed, and that
the supposed foeman was in reality the
boj’’ who had so mysteriously disap-
peared from the bungalow in Chee
Nung on the night of that last fateful
conference.

  For just a moment Dick looked sus-
piciously at the grotesque figure of the
half-caste, but the howls of the Chi-
nese forbade dallying for investigation,
and, calling to them to follow, he darted
around the turn, the fugitives close on
his heels. Fortunately the lane on
which they had entered was devoted to
godowns, those solid warehouses which
the Chinese merchants use to protect
their most valuable goods from fire and
theft, and not a window pierced the
massive. walls of masonry which bor-
dered it.

  Here and there a small postern closed
by iron-bound and bolt-studded doors

of heavy teak gave access to the mag-
azines within, and it was one of these
which opened to the pressure of the
boy’s shoulder, revealing a narrow,
stone-vaulted passage leading to a small
interior courtyard. Dick closed the
door as the half-caste leaped through
the passageway behind the others, and
noiselessly shot the great bolts which
secured it as the leaders of the pursu-
ing pack swept past with shrill cries
of rage and hatred.

  A moment later he joined the pant-
ing fugitives, who stood together in the
courtyard, a small space littered with
bales of merchandise which was grate-
fully quiet and peaceful after the riot
from which they had emerged. But
there was gruesome evidence that vio-
lence had penetrated even here on that
mad day, for the walls were flecked
with blood, and stretched on the stone
pavement lay the body of a Chinaman
clothed more richly than the coolies of
the mob.

  “Dick, has he told the truth? Your
mother lives—you have seen her?”
panted Macpherson eagerly, as the boy
joined them. Dick nodded gravely, and
even in his anxiety Sternberg noted
that there was a subtle change in his
face—a softening of that Oriental cyni-
cism which had given to it such a look
of premature age.

  “Yes, dad, I have been with her for
nearly a week in the Sacred Precincts,”
he answered. “She is well, and she was
perfectly safe when I left her at day-
break this morning.” A hundred ques-
tions struggled for precedence on Mac-
pherson’s tongue, but Winton checked
them with a hand laid gently on his
shoulder.

  “Wait, Macpherson!” he said quietly.
“That we know that Jose—Lady Loch-
ineal is safe must satisfy you for the
present.” Wong Tom, who had re-
gained enough of his breath to gasp a
question, came forward also, but Win-
ton unceremoniously silenced him with
a gesture.

  “Where are we, Dick?” he asked.
“Time is precious; tell us what it is
important for us to know.”

  “You—we—all of us are in the deuce
44

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

of a mess, Mr. Winton,” answered
Dick. “After I left you in Chee Nung
everything went smoothly and exactly
as WTong Tom had planned until this
morning. I traveled much faster than
you did, and reached Shen Fun six days
ago, finding the city as quiet and order-
ly as I had ever known it to be during
the years that I lived here. I had never
before been admitted to the Sacred
Precincts, and even now I have seen
no more of it than the walled garden
which surrounds my mother’s house,
but absolute peace and quiet reigned
there until last night, when the bonzes
suddenly commenced to buzz about like
swarming bees. Wong Tom, at day-
break this morning Cen Yung, the
bonze whom you have always warned
me to mistrust, came to my mother’s
house, and demanded to see me. He
told me to reach you and warn you that
Tsi-Ann had defied your authority, and
sent her favorite eunuch, Lat Kee, with
orders to take your head to Peking.
Several banners of the Imperial Guard
escorted him, and they have seized all
of the gates of the Sacred Precincts.”

  “And this place—it is secure?” de-
manded Winton. “W7e are safe here
until we can plan some means of res-
cuing your mother and escaping from
the city?” The boy shrugged his shoul-
ders as he looked about the court.

  “You know as much about that as I
do,” he replied. “I never saw it until
an hour ago, but from the placard on
the door I imagine that it belongs to
the silk merchants’ tong. When the
mob crowded you away from the Path
of the Million Beatitudes I guessed
your destination, and I knew that if
you escaped from the execution ground
Wong Tom would endeavor to reach
the Sacred Precincts through this lane,
so I waited here for you.

  “I can only guess what happened be-
fore I stumbled in here, but I imagine
that thieves took advantage of the ex-
citement in the city to attempt robbery
when Sing Fen”—he pointed at the
body—“came to select goods from his
warehouse. I noticed the door' swing-
ing open, and entered, for I knew that
you would escape from the mob only

to fall into the hands of the soldiers
unless you could find a hiding place.
The hatchet men had already killed
Sing Fen when I entered, and they
were busy finishing their work with his
porters in his warehouse. They are in
there yet; they had foolishly left no
one on guard, and I slammed and
locked the door before they discovered
me.”

  “But we must be out of here before
midnight,” exclaimed Wong Tom. “My
only chance lies in getting inside the
Sacred Precincts before daylight. In
an hour I can have the mob with me
instead of against me if-”

  “Wong Tom, you just restrain your
enthusiasm, and remember that you’ve
been reduced to the ranks,” interrupted
Sternberg impatiently. “I reckon we’ve
had about all of the demonstration of
your ability to handle that mob that
we are liable to get. Uncle Charley,
you know more about this business than
you have ever let on, and I guess it’s
up to you to boss the job from now
on.”

  “It’s certainly up to me to get infor-
mation,” agreed Winton, as he turned,
grim of face, on the Chinaman. “See
here, Wong Tom, we have played the
game according to Ployle, but you
haven’t been able to make good. I’ll
admit that it wasn’t your fault, but that
does not make your failure any less dis-
astrous for us. Now I’m going to ask
you a few questions, and I want
straight, plain answers. We have only
had so much of your story as you chose
to tell us. Now you will be good
enough to fill in the gaps, and tell us
the parts you omitted; just what Mac-
pherson did fifteen years ago, and just
what you expected him to do if wre
reached the Sacred Precincts.”

  Wong Tom looked at him defiantly.
“And if I refuse?” he demanded.

  “Then it will be a toss-up as to
whether we turn Jenkinson loose on
you or shut you up in that vault with
the choice assortment of your fellow
citizens that Dick trapped,” answered
Winton grimly. “See here, Wong Tom
—I am not blaming you for what has
happened, and I’m pretty sure that you
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

45

can give a reasonable explanation. X
should advise you to try.”

  “I can—to a reasonable man who
knows as much of China as you do,”
answered Wong Tom, after a short
deliberation, during which his eyes had
searched furtively the faces of his com-
panions. “Mr. Winton, you know that
this great, loose-jointed country is held
together as an empire solely by a com-
mon religion—that, in fact, religion and
government are synonymous. Tsi-Ann
rules, nominally as the emperor’s re-
gent, only so long as the priests give
her writ authority outside of the pink
walls of the Forbidden City. The man
who rules the priesthood rules China,
for without him Tsi-Ann’s authority
would extend only so far as her wretch-
ed army could enforce it, and at a
word from the bonzes that army would
melt away 4ike snow before the mon-
soon.

  “The chief bonze of all China has for
many hundreds of years been the Cus-
todian of the Seal of Confucius. That
piece of jade, engraved with the three
intertwined circles, is of less intrinsic
value than the golden signet which you
wear on your finger; but it is venerated
by every Chinaman, from the meanest
to the highest, as the holiest relic of
the great teacher. For centuries the
Chinese rulers have acknowledged the
power of its custodian, who is the spir-
itual head of the empire, and more than
once in our history he has used that
power to change the temporal rulers,
and even dynasties. Fifteen years ago
the arrogance of Tsi-Ann threatened
China with destruction. The reason for
it all is a matter of palace history, of
intrigues and plotting within the For-
bidden City which would not interest
you ; but even the foreigners resident in
the country were aware of the wide
unrest and disorder throughout the em-
pire.”

  “Yes, I remember that there was
grave trouble then, that all of the south-
ern provinces were threatening revolt,”
assented Winton.

  “And you could have read only the
surface signs; the hidden part was
even greater; until such a crisis existed

  that I, the Custodian of the Seal, re-
moved the sacred relic from its shrine
in the Sacred Precincts, and journeyed
with it to Peking to demand the abdi-
cation of the dowager from the Dragon
Throne,” continued Wong Tom bitter-
ly. “And then I was weak enough to
listen to Tsi-Ann’s protestations and
promises, and to defer action, only to
learn what I had come there believing
—that the woman is a devil, and served
by devils. Her expressions of grati-
tude knew no bounds, and when we de-
parted she heaped honors and riches
upon us; but we were not more than
three hours’ march from the walls of
Peking when our party was set upon
and practically annihilated by her mer-
cenaries. I alone escaped, for even
those butchers venerated the sacred
relic which they had come to steal for
her, that, possessing it, she might defy
the authority of the bonzes.

  “I knew that Tsi-Ann would use
every artifice to intercept my return to
Shen Fun, for she must realize that
once safe within its walls I would issue
the proclamations bearing the Seal of
Confucius which would consign her to
the oblivion which she had so richly
deserved. I knew that my only chance
was in secret flight, but Tsi-Ann
shrewdly guessed the route I would
follow, practically the only one which
was open to me.

  “Mr. Winton, you knew the Hong-
kong of fifteen years ago, and you will
remember the position which Jenkin-
son occupied. He was a half-caste,
despised by both of the races which
had contributed to his being, an out-
cast from the whites, and tolerated by
the vilest of the Chinese only because
he was a ready tool in their rascality.

  “But in just such a creature Tsi-Ann
found the weapon she needed to dtf her
devil’s work—a mongrel who would
have none of the reverence which would
make the vilest Chinaman shrink back
at the last minute from a sacrilege
which would invoke the curses of the
gods on his ancestors. An outcast held
in such contempt by the foreigners that
he could gain neither attention nor cre-
dence if he tried to turn his theft to his
46

THE <POcPULAcR MAGAZINE

  own greater advantage by betraying his
employers. Gold meant everything to
him, but little to the woman with the
revenues of China in her grasp, and he
was liberally supplied with it to en-
able' him to recruit the gang of river
pirates whom he would need to seize
the steamer on which I traveled, for
Tsi-Ann had ordered that no innocent
witness to the theft and my murder
should be left alive to tell tales.

  “And now, gentlemen, comes the part
which puzzled me for many years, and
for which I have only guessed the real
reason since Jenkinson and Mr. Mac-
pherson faced each other in the execu-
tion place to-day. I knew that it was
impossible for the vile little half-caste
to employ men suitable for his purpose
who would follow His leadership even
among the desperadoes and pirates of
the Yangtze Kiang. They would rec-
ognize his captaincy only so long as
they pleased; it takes a man to rule
them-—a man whom they fear even if
the}- do not respect him. Such a man
Jenkinson discovered in Richard Mac-
pherson, then a young fellow of slender
means and an adventurous disposition
at loose ends in Hongkong, although I
do not know how the half-caste man-
aged to meet him and gain such a sin-
ister influence over him.

  ‘‘Do not misunderstand me, gentle-
men ; I am positive that Mr. Macpher-
son is morally as innocent of what he
did under that malign control as either
one of you Americans. He was out-
side of his normal self—bewitched, en-
tranced, hypnotized—call it what you
will; but assuredly he was not Richard
Macpherson, Marquis of Lochineal,
whom we all know. But, Mr. Winton,
you guessed at Chee Nung, and from
my own knowledge I can bear witness
that your guess was correct, that it was
Richard Macpherson who led the pi-
rates who looted the Avondale, You
know how it happened; the pirates
whom Jenkinson had enlisted engaged
passage at Hongkong, in the steerage,
of course; but Macpherson and his al-
leged servant, Jenkinson, were first-
cabin passengers. Fortunately for me,
I had assumed a humble disguise, and

  was herded in with the steerage passen-
gers. Jenkinson had marked down a
bonze who happened to be traveling on
his own affairs in the first cabin as the
Custodian of the Seal, and while he
was searching his body I escaped in the
confusion, dropping overboard, and
swimming ashore with the sacred relic
hanging from a chain about my neck.

  “And so the second attempt ended in
failure; but, while Jenkinson had
missed the great prize at which he
aimed, his followers had garnered a
rich loot, and when, a few days later,
he again called upon them they re-
sponded eagerly. There had been no
arrests, for I was the only one of the
innocent passengers or crew who es-
caped, and for obvious reasons I re-
mained in hiding. It took many days
for me to reach Canton, and in the
meantime Jenkinson had returned to
Hongkong and received fresh instruc-
tions. Then, under Macpherson’s mad
leadership, followed that furious attack
upon the Shen Fun caravan with which
I was traveling—an attack which, de-
spite the disparity of numbers, would
have been successful except for the ac-
cidental arrival of the viceroy’s guard.

  “There was, however, no further in-
terference with my journey, and three
weeks later I entered Shen Fun, and at
last felt secure from molestation, for
even Tsi-Ann would never dare to at-
tempt to seize the sacred talisman from
its shrine—a sacrilege which would in-
evitably raise every hand in China
against her. But, gentlemen, what even
the all-powerful dowager would not
dare to think of this miserable half-
caste and his dupe, Richard Macpher-
son, planned and accomplished.

  “Accompanied by a half dozen of
their most desperate followers, they en-
tered Shen Fun disguised as pilgrims
to the holy shrines. They arrived a
day earlier than I did, and spied out the
lay of the land. And then, when, lulled
to a sense of false security, I slept the
sleep of exhaustion after my terrible
experiences, they entered the Sacred
Precincts during the watches of the
night, and stole from its shrine the most
sacred relic in this great empire!”
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

47

CHAPTER X.

  Macpherson had so far listened in
silence to the story, which was such a
terrible arraignment of his past; but
with that last dramatic impeachment the
limit of his patience was reached, and
he advanced threateningly. Both Win-
ton and Sternberg had been watchful
for such a move, and they were quick
to intercept him.

  “This is no time for protest nor ex-
culpation, Macpherson,” said Winton
sternly. “It is an unpleasant business,
but we must sift it thoroughly. If this
man tells a single lie, you will have my
full permission to do what you please
with him, but it is absolutely essential
that we know what we shall have to
face. Go on, Wong Tom.” For just
an instant Macpherson’s resentment
threatened revolt against Winton’s as-
sumption of authority, but Dick, too,
came forward, and laid a protesting
hand upon bis arm. Scowling and
flushed of face, he stepped back, and
Wong Tom picked up the broken thread
of his narrative.

  “There can be little more that you
have not already guessed,” he con-
tinued. “There was 110 concealing the
fact that vandals had entered the Sa-
cred Precincts, for the seal was not the
only thing missing. I do not believe
that the two leaders had given a thought
to anything else, but their followers
were greedy for plunder, and they
forced the most valuable of the treas-
ure chests, and loaded themselves with
its contents. That robbery, when we
raised the alarm, was the only an-
nouncement which we made public, for
the far greater loss was known only to
myself and a dozen of the bonzes whom
I knew that I could trust implicitly.

 “The alarm was given within six
hours after the robbery was commit-
ted. and from my previous experience
I was able to make a shrewd guess at
the identity of the robbers, and to fur-
nish a description of the leaders. With-
in the week every one of the vandals
but Macpherson had been run down
and brought back to Shen Fun. The
rising at Lang Tun was one of those

peculiar coincidences which could not
have been anticipated, and the results
for a time threw us off the track of the
only fugitive who remained at liberty.

  “Gentlemen, you have seen enough
of Shen Fun and its people to-day to
be able to judge how the native vandals
were dealt with. I have no apologies
to offer for my own part in delivering
them to the tender mercies of the citi-
zens of the secular city; they had en-
tered into the game with their eyes
open, fully realizing the penalties which
they would incur if they lost—and they
paid them in full. In cold blood they
had murdered the two bonzes who
watched the holy shrine, and that crime
alone merited the most severe punish-
ments decreed by the Chinese law. Jen-
kinson’s life was spared, not from pity,
nor because he was less deserving of
the death which the others suffered, but
because I firmly believed that in some
way, sooner or later, he would be of
use to us in recovering the holy relic.

  “After he was brought to Shen Fun
he told us all he knew—there was no
resisting the measures which were
adopted to make him speak, the details
of which I will leave to your imagina-
tion. The plan of escape had been care-
fully mapped out in advance; they had
separated after leaving the city, and it
was agreed that Macpherson should go
to Lang Tun to claim his wife, and
meet Jenkinson later at a point about
halfway between Shen Fun and the
coast. It was Jenkinson who had taken
the sacred relic and carried it from the
city; but, perhaps because of the Chi-
nese blood which he had inherited from
his mother, its possession terrified him,
and although an infant might have held
it in its palm it seemed a weight which
he could not carry. Just before they
separated, he deliveredit to Macpher-
son, and with Macpherson it went to
Lang Tun.

  “Mr. Winton, it was Macpherson’s
wife, Lady Lochineal, who was brought
—a prisoner—to Shen Fun after the
attack on the mission. When I de-
manded her from the hands of her cap-
tors I was ignorant of her identity, but
I knew that such outbreaks were futile,
48

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

and bound to be followed by terrible
reprisals. I shall be perfectly frank
with you; I rescued her because I
feared that if she were left in the hands
of the mob Tsi-Ann might use that as
a pretext, and permit the foreign sol-
diers to sack the Sanctuary. Fanati-
cism had run mad in the city, and after
I had rescued her I knew that there
was but one safe refuge for her; so
she was taken to the Sacred Precincts.
There I questioned her, and when I
learned that she was Macpherson’s wife
and soon to bear him a child, I realized
that I had secured a valuable hostage
if by any chance he had escaped death
in the attack on the mission. I left her
in safe hands when I hurried to Lang
Tun, promising that I would do every-
thing in my power to find her husband
and the friend who had come to Lang
Tun to serve her.” He paused, and
looked inquiringly from Macpherson to
Winton.

  “Go on,” said the American curtly.
“I have reason to remember your com-
ing to Lang Tun. What then?’’

  "Then, after my gruesome task was
finished, I returned disconsolate to Shen
Fun,” continued the Chinaman. “The
ruins of the settlement and mission had
been minutely searched for the missing
treasure. Unsuccessfully, of course.
When the rumors of Macpherson’s cu-
rious escape reached us. every one of
his footsteps from Lang Tun to the
great Tibetan desert, where he disap-
peared, was traced and followed. The
individual was lost, but so long as we
had no positive proof of his death we
continued the tireless search for him,
and you already know how we succeed-
ed in the end.

  “A son had been born to him in Shen
Fun, and you have been told of the
manner in which he was sent to his
father. In negotiating with the Mar-
quis of Lochineal we necessarily ob-
served the greatest caution. We dared
not admit that a foreign woman was
held a prisoner in China, and I could
not let the legation staff know the truth
of our loss. I believed that Macpher-
son would quickly guess the whole truth
and offer to return the relic, which was

absolutely valueless to him, as the price
of his wife’s freedom, and that propo-
sition I should have received in per-
son:

  “After months of study, the truth
slowly dawned upon me, for a streak
of mystery strange to find in the Occi-
dent was in his heredity. I was con-
vinced that he was honest in his de-
nials ; he was absolutely ignorant of
what he had done. He had acted as
an automaton, controlled by the will of
another. I found means to watch and
study him, sleeping and waking. I even
attempted to exercise certain powers
which I have acquired. I learned this
much—that the sacred relic was no
longer in his immediate possession. He
had carried it from Shen Fun to the
settlement of Lang Tun, all the way
unconscious of his movements; but
from the moment of his awakening in
the club all memory of it wras gone.
When he returned to his normal self
it meant nothing to him, and he may
have tossed it aside as a valueless thing.

  “When I became convinced of that,
I realized'that the only hope of regain-
ing the holy' relic through his assist-
ance lay in bringing him back to the
scene of his subconscious crimes, if
we may call them so. Briefly, my plan
was this—to bring Macpherson to the
Sanctuary which he and his compan-
ions had desecrated, to the place where
the surroundings would fairly cry out
for recognition from that long-dormant
subconsciousness. I trusted that in the
original environment I could induce
just such a trance as had controlled him
fifteen years ago, and that, step by
step, he would repeat the progress of
his flight under our watchful eyes, and
lead us to the spot where he had parted
from the sacred relic.

  “For fifteen years I have lived under
a cloud of apprehension. The secret
of our loss has been carefully guarded ;
the sacred shrine is as reverently at-
tended as it has. been every day for
centuries, and only to its actual guard-
ians is it known that the reverence is
a hollow mockery. I know that Tsi-
Ann has been suspicious that all was
not right, for on no other supposition
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

49

could she account for my forbearance
in delaying the exaction of vengeance.
She may even have guessed the truth,
but for fifteen years I have prevented
her from making that guess a certainty.
And now, on the very eve of my suc-
cess, some one within our ranks has
betrayed us; in no other way could
she have gained such positive assurance
that she would dare to send her troops
here with the demand for my head. I
suspect Cen Yung, a bonze who has
long plotted against me; but it is not
yet too late to checkmate-”

  A harsh, mirthless chuckle, indescrib-
ably horrible, interrupted him, and
when they turned to where the half-
caste crouched on the pavement they
saw his great shoulders shaking, and
the scarred face distorted in a hideous
grin. Inarticulate sounds came from
the dry, cracked lips; but Winton,
quickly suspicious of the truth, bent
over him, and listened attentively to
his mumbling. In the gathering dusk,
the others watched curiously, and when
Winton straightened up they pressed
eagerly about him; but, disregarding
the questioning of Macpherson and
Sternberg, he placed himself between
Wong Tom and the half-caste, drawing
a revolver from beneath his tunic be-
fore he spoke.

  “Wong Tom, there need be no fur-
ther mystery concerning the source of
Tsi-Ann’s information,” he said grave-
ly. “We have a saying which you
would have done well to remember fif-
teen years ago—that ‘Dead men tell no
tales!’ Tearing out this poor wretch’s
tongue was ineffectual in insuring his
silence, for in a few years he learned
to express himself without it. He con-
cealed that faculty, biding patiently his
time until a chance should come to em-
ploy it to his own advantage. Three
months since his opportunity came, for
the agent of the dowager who had en-
listed his services in Hongkong visited
Shen Fun as a pilgrim, and beside the
Path of the Million Beatitudes the beg-
gar in the kang told him your secret.
Within a month it was repeated to Tsi-

Ann in the Forbidden City, and-

Stand back!”

<4A

  Winton’s pistol was pointed steadily
in his face, and even in his rage and
desperation Wong Tom read certain
death in the eyes which looked over it,
and halted, mumbling curses with trem-
ulous lips as the pistol slipped from
his relaxed fingers and fell to the pave-
ment.

  “We may as wTell understand each
other right now, Wong Tom,” said
Winton. “You and Jenkinson can set-
tle your private differences later. We
have scrupulously performed our part
of the contract, but it is evident that
you are unable to carry out yours.
Your struggle with Tsi-Ann is of no
interest to us, and you can no longer
use us as your tools in your intrigue.
Our sole object is to rescue Lady Loch-
ineal from her long captivity, and es-
cape with her to one of the foreign
settlements, and we can no longer recog-
nize as a leader a man who has an en-
tirely different ax to grind. I think that
you fellows will agree with me in that?’’
He turned as he finished speaking; but,
instead of the ready assent which he
expected, Sternberg laid a warning
hand upon his arm.

  “By Heaven, Uncle Charley, look
there !” he whispered. Winton wheeled
about, to find Macpherson leaning over
the crouching half-caste, whose eyes
were fixed steadily on his; but it was
not the Macpherson he had ever known.
There was none of that curious bewil-
derment which he had seen so often,
and the grim mask of imperturbability
acquired by fifteen years of stern ef-
fort to conceal suffering wras gone. But
every evil passion which man can in-
herit or acquire stood revealed in that
curiously transformed face, and Win-
ton involuntarily recoiled from him as
he would have shrunk away from con-
tact with a leper. It was only for a
moment, however, for in spite of the
instinctive repulsion he knew that he
was unjust—that Macpherson was as
helpless as an infant, and that even as
he had done fifteen years before this
outcast of the Hongkong slums was
exercising some diabolical power which
they could not understand to make the
other for the time his abject slave.
50

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

  With a cry of protest, he sprang for-
ward, determined to break that horrible
spell, even if he had to kill the loath-
some creature who was casting it; but
Dick’s strong young arms suddenly
clasped him, and held him back.

  “Wait, Mr. Wrinton!” he gasped, his
face ghastly white, and his eyes di-
lated with ^horror. “It is terrible—
worse for me than for you—but we
must not interfere. Hosts of devils
are loose in China to-night, and one
more or less can’t matter. No sanity
can save us; our only chance is to lead
the madness of this mad city. Even
now the Chinese soldiers may be enter-
ing the Sacred Precincts, and it is only
by a desperate effort that we can hope
to rescue my mother.”

  Winton raised his hands, and gently
unloosed the arms which clasped him.
"You are right, Dick,” he admitted.
“That’s an old head on your young
shoulders.” Macpherson had apparent-
ly been oblivious to the argument which
had been carried on within a yard of
him, and at a sign from Jenkinson he
straightened up, and, disregarding his
companions, circled about the court-
yard as if seeking a means of escape
from it, examining carefully each of
the closed doors, and then stopping to
listen intently at the one through which
they had entered from the lane. Win-
ton, in response to a gesture from the
half-caste, again bent his head to listen
to his mumbling, exercising no small
measure of self-restraint in conquering
his loathing and disgust.

  “He bears you out, Dick,” he said, as
he straightened up. “He claims that he
is now using for good the strange
power which he once employed for evil
—that only through the leadership of
the madness which he has induced in
your father can we hope to succeed.
Sternberg, are you willing to follow ?”

  The consul nodded. “You couldn’t
hold me back—even if there were any
choice,” he answered, as he carefully
reloaded the chamber of his revolver.
“I can’t see that the situation is bristling
with opportunities to get out of this
mess, and that looks like the one best
bet to me.”

  Winton smiled grimly as he turned
to the Chinaman. “And now, Wong
Tom, what in the deuce are we to do
with you?” he asked. "Will you pledge
neutrality if we turn you loose?” Wong
Tom smiled as he pointed to Macpher-
son, whose fingers were already clutch-
ing the great bolts which fastened the
door; and Winton made no protest
when he reached down and recovered
the pistol which had fallen from his
hand a few minutes before.

  “I will give you a more solemn
pledge than that, Mr. Winton,” he an-
swered. “Dick is right when he says
that devils are loose in Shen Fun to-
night ; but here in this courtyard the
gods have been fighting for me. Out
of evil has come good, and Jenkinson
has already accomplished as much as I
could have hoped to do with Macpher-
son. I hope to profit by it, but if you
will permit me to come with you I
pledge you my word that I will not at-
tempt to use his madness for my own
purposes until you have no further need
of it.”

  “Which may be interpreted as mean-
ing until we are either safe or dead,”
said Winton; and Wrong Tom nodded
assent. For a moment they looked
steadily in each other’s eyes, and then
the American held out his hand.

  “I’ll trust you, Wong Tom,’’ he said
quietly. “I owe you fifteen years of
life.”

CHAPTER XI.

  Shen Fun was as medieval in its
architecture as in its manners and cus-
toms, and save for the broad Path of
the Million Beatitudes there was not
one of its tortuous, twisting streets
which was wide enough to permit of
the passage of a cart. Even at midday
those narrow canons between the high
buildings admitted sunlight only in oc-
casional patches ; and at night they were
shrouded in Cimmerian darkness.

  Those of its inhabitants whose busi-
ness or pleasure called them out of
doors after nightfall provided their own
illumination with lanterns of gaudily
painted silk or oiled paper, carried at
the ends of long poles that the path
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

51

might be lighted while the bearer re-
mained in the shadow—a precaution
which was obviously wise in a place
which afforded so many convenient
lurking spots from which the predatory
might spring.

  In the lane of the godowns there was
little traffic and less of human guard-
ianship at night, for the Chinese depend
upon the massive solidity of their win-
dowless buildings and the strength of
bolts and bars for the protection of
their goods and chattels. Before dark-
ness fell every foot of its surface had
been gone over in the search for trace
of the fugitives; but, concluding that
they had escaped through one of the
intersecting alleyways, and found ref-
uge in another part of the city, the
pursuit had passed on, and left it de-
serted.

  Therefore the exit of that strangely
assorted and more strangely led group
from the go down which had afforded
temporary security wras made without
discovery. Of plan, beyond the pur-
pose to win their way to the Sacred
Precincts, there was none; but, mad and
desperate as such a confidence might
have seemed if considered in cold blood
and amid sane surroundings, they
trusted implicitly and confidingly in the
trance-controlled leadership of Mac-
pherson to guide them there. And as
for Macpherson’s part, he seemed to
assume as a matter of course that they
would follow without question or in-
structions, and he never so much as
glanced back after carefully withdraw-
ing the massive bolts and opening the
heavy door.

  Then through that complicated maze
which would have puzzled an Indian
pathfinder in broad daylight he led them
unerringly in such impenetrable dark-
ness that his followers were forced to
rely upon the sense of touch to keep
together, never for an instant in all
of the thousand and one twists and
turns losing the sense of direction upon
which alone he could depend.

  Macpherson had more than justified
their confidence in him as a leader, and
it was not until he halted and they all
crouched together in an angle of lane

from which they could distinguish
against the sky the top of the ancient
wall which surrounded the Sacred Pre-
cincts that there was even a suggestion
of a conference.

  Greatly to their relief, there was no
hint of disorder beyond that barrier;
the silence of night brooded over the
great inclosure, but the glimmer of biv-
ouac fires before the two gates which
were within range of their vision told
them that the Imperial Guard had es-
tablished an effective blockade at the
entrances.

  Macpherson, however, had halted
only to reconnoiter, and he gave no
heed to the whispered consultation at
his back as he peered cautiously from
their hiding place, watching and count-
ing the figures which crouched about
the bivouac fires in a shrewd effort to
estimate the relative strength of the
two guard posts. A few minutes of
watching convinced him that his esti-
mate was correct, and for the first time
since Jenkinson had exercised his
strange power over him he spoke, ad-
dressing Wong Tom in the Cantonese
dialect, in which he betrayed an un-
expected fluency.

  “If we clear the wray to the gate,
can you gain immediate entrance?” he
demanded, in a whisper so clear that
the question was audible to all of them.
For a moment Wong Tom hesitated,
and Macpherson raised a threatening
hand as he repeated the question, for-
tified with such an oath as only a
Yangtze Kiang pirate could have taught
him, suggesting that he had ruled the
rascally crew which followed him on
his previous venture to the Sacred Pre-
cincts with a rough tongue and heavy
hand. The Chinaman involuntarily
shrank back, but he quickly mumbled
an assurance that every door of the Sa-
cred Precincts would open immediately
to his summons.

  “You can count upon being a sub-
ject for ancestral worship in short or-
der if you are mistaken about this one,”
commented Macpherson grimly.
“There is no use in wasting time in
trying to sneak in; we could never
make it without raising the alarm.
52

THE <PO<PULA<R; MAGAZINE

When I give the word, we will rush
that picket to the east. The odds will
be with us for a few minutes—long
enough to dispose of the soldiers and
gain entrance if we do not have to force
the door. It will take a little time for
the alarm to reach headquarters, and
more for them to force entrance, so
that we shall probably have a clear hour
inside to attend to our affairs/'

  It was the counsel of desperation, but
no one among them made protest, for
certain death lay behind them, and their
only chance, slender as it seemed, was
to advance. Obviously Macpherson’s
judgment was right; the Chinese sol-
diers would be keenly on the alert to
detect any furtive attempt at entrance,
for the eunuch, Lat Kee, would realize
the difficulty which would attend car-
rying out his imperial mistress’ orders
if Wong Tom orrce gained the shelter
of the Sacred Precincts.

  In the darkness the hands of Win-
ton and Sternberg met and clasped for
an instant, but both remained silent as
they followed the crouching figure of
the half-caste, who kept always close
on the heels of Macpherson. Behind
them came Dick, with the Chinaman
clinging to him, .for age had told on
Wong Tom in those terrible hours; and
while his crafty mind remained as clear
and vigorous as ever his legs ached
from the unaccustomed exercise, and
he was faint from lack of nourishment.

  Stealthily and silently they crept back
to the shelter of the streets, for they
could not hope to escape the observa-
tion of the sentries in the open space
about the walls; but as unerringly as
he had piloted them before, Macpher-
son led them through the maze until
once again they were within sight of
the Sacred Precincts; and this time
exactly opposite one of the smaller
gates, a mere postern in the ancient
wall, before which the picket was sta-
tioned. About a dozen soldiers gath-
ered about the fire, and of these a half
dozen soon slouched off under the com-
mand of a corporal to relieve their fel-
lows on post. Still using the Cantonese
dialect, although he called them each
by name, Macpherson whispered his

final instructions while he waited to al-
low the relief to reach the farthest post.

  “Wong Tom, your part is. to get that
gate open, and to see that it is kept
open until the last man of us is
through/’ he said. “Dick, you will keep
with him, and see that he carries out
that order. As for the rest of us, I
expect that we all know what to do.
Kill any man who blocks the way or at-
tempts to follow. Stick as close to me
as you can, and remember that the man
who goes down stays; there will be no
time to tend to the wounded or bury
the dead. Now, forward!”

  So eagerly was that command obeyed
that it was a straight line which
emerged from the shadows and charged
across the space of perhaps three hun-
dred feet which separated them from
the bivouac fire. Save for the noise
of their feet on the pavement that
charge was made in grim silence, for
in their desperate venture there was
none of the elan and enthusiasm which
through the centuries has contributed
so often to victory when only disaster
seemed possible.

  With an alacrity which testified to
the painstaking instruction of their for-
eign teachers, the soldiers who were
lounging about the fire sprang to arms
as that slender charging line emerged
from the shadows which had concealed
it.

  In the uncertain light of the bivouac
fire, the number of the attackers seemed
multiplied, and Jenkinson, who had
been sufficiently terrifying in daylight,
assumed grotesquely horrible propor-
tions as he advanced with great, ape-
like springs, which had carried him
ahead of his companions. He had re-
fused to accept the revolver which
Sternberg had offered him, and still
clung to the great sword which he had
taken from the executioner.

  One ragged and ineffective volley the
guard fired before the cowardice in-
herited from countless generations
overwhelmed the discipline acquired in
a few months, and had Wong Tom’s
promise to gain immediate entrance
been fulfilled the winning of the goal
would have been a bloodless victory,
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

53

for after that volley the soldiers broke
and ran, leaving an unobstructed pas-
sage to the postern.

  But that gate, built with true Tartar
solidity and massiveness, remained
closed in spite of the summons which
he gave softly, and then, as it passed
unanswered, repeated in strident tones,
accompanied by a furious tattoo with
his fists. Against its strength they pos-
sessed no adequate means of attack,
and the soldiers, who recovered from
their panic when they realized how few
in number were the men from whom
they had fled, halted in their flight, and
then, reenforced by the sentries and the
relief, returned to attack them.

  The crowded minutes which suc-
ceeded afforded ample demonstration
of why the pirates of the Yangtze had
so faithfully followed Macpherson’s
mad leadership, for he apparently pos-
sessed that charmed life with which the
Chinese so readily credit any man who
courts danger in combat—a charm
which they believe he extends to his
followers. Without so much as turn-
ing his head to see if his companions
were supporting him, he threw himself
at the advancing soldiers, and, single-
handed, checked those coming from the
east.

  Jenkinson, snarling and screaming
like a maddened beast, with even
greater ferocity attacked those march-
ing from the other side, and for the mo-
ment changed the advance to a retreat.
Winton and Sternberg took a less ac-
tive but perhaps as effective a part in
the fighting to hold off the advance;
for while the range of their revolvers
was shorter than that of the soldiers’
rifles, they fired with an accuracy of
aim to which 'the Chinese are strangers,
and with their bullets utterly demoral-
ized the Celestial marksmanship. But
fight they never so desperately, the
struggle was manifestly a hopeless one,
for the alarm had become general, and
reinforcements were hurrying from the
adjoining pickets; while, attracted by
the firing and the bugle calls, the
searching parties were rapidly ap-
proaching from the neighboring quar-
ters of the secular city.

  Fortune had so far favored them that
as yet no one of them had received a
wound, although .about the gate in a
wide semicircle many dead or disabled
Chinamen lay huddled; but Winton
knew that it could be only a matter of
minutes before they were overwhelmed.
Believing that Dick, because of his na-
tive costume and his thorough knowl-
edge of the city, might stand a chance
of escaping, he turned to urge him to
make the attempt while there was yet
time, trusting that in the confusion he
might aid in the escape of the woman
they had come to rescue.

  But Wong Tom stood alone before
the door, for with the agility of a cat
the boy was clambering up the blank
surface of the wall, and was already
within a yard of the top. It was a feat
which any but a boy reared in a Chi-
nese city would have found impossi-
ble, but with Dick and his childish com-
panions such climbing had been a daily
sport, and fingers and prehensile toes
seemed instinctively to find crevices and
tiny projections which afforded suffi-
cient support for their lithe bodies.

  It was no childish game that the boy
was playing now, however, for bullets
were flattening on the wall about him,
and once well started on his climb there
was no returning, while every foot he
gained added to the danger of a fall.
And in spite of the great necessity for
haste, he could advance only by inches,
for every movement implied a nice re-
adjustment of balance and gradual
shifting of weight. But, slow as the
progress was, he went steadily up, and
at the very moment when the semicircle
of soldiers seemed on the point of clos-
ing in his right hand shot up, and a
couple of finger tips hooked over the
edge of the cornice. For a period which
seemed interminable his body swung,
supported only by that precarious hole?
as the left hand crept slowly up the
surface of the wall, and then, so quickly
that the eye could not follow it, made
a desperate clutch which gave it a firm
purchase beside its fellow.

  With one swing, the boy raised him-
self to the top of the wall, and a cry
of relief came from Wong Tom’s lips,
54

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

for he knew that on the inner side were
climbing vines and bamboo trellises
which would make the descent easy.
But, as if in bravado, Dick jumped to
his feet, and ran nimbly along the top
of tho wall until he was directly above
the postern. And then, just a,s the in-
furiated soldiers fired a crashing vol-
ley, he threw up his hands, and plunged
headlong from the high wall into the
Sacred Precincts.

  With that fall Winton’s last hope van-
ished, for the soldiers had been largely
reenforced, and, stimulated by the cries
of the mob which had gathered behind
them, they rushed forward. With the
grim determination that never again
would he fall alive into the hands of
the Chinese, he turned to face them,
jealously reserving for himself the pis-
tol in his left hand as he emptied the
chamber of the revolver in his right
into the closely packed ranks of the
advancing soldiers.

  Again the three foreigners were
shoulder to shoulder, backed to within
a couple of yards of the postern, against
which Wong Tom crouched, mumbling
half-inarticulate supplications to the
gods he had so long served, and who
seemed to have forgotten him in his
extremity.

 Death—or worse—was imminent,
and as if to let them taste to the full
of its bitterness in anticipation the sol-
diers had halted about the victims
whom they considered securely theirs.
And then, just as Sternberg, with a
parting curse, hurled his useless weap-
ons at those hideous, grinning faces,
and Winton was about to secure for
himself the certainty of a quick and
painless death, a cry of unutterable re-
lief came from Wong Tom, and, hardly
knowing how it happened, they found
themselves in the Sacred Precincts,
while a huge bonze slammed and bolted
the heavy door which had so long'de-
fied them as the soldiers hurled them-
selves against it. When he was assured
that it was securely fastened, he turned
to the men who felt that they had been
literally snatched from the very jaws
of death, and made low obeisance to
Wong Tom.

  Immediately about the doorway a
lantern cast a semicircle of light which
revealed that ev.en the Sacred Precincts
had not escaped that violence which
seemed to be universal within the walls
of Shen Fun. Almost before the gate
the body of a man clad in priestly vest-
ments lay stretched face downward on
the path, his outspread arms and legs
twitching convulsively. A few feet far-
ther on was another body—also that of
a priest, with the burned spots which
testified to recent sanctification upon
his shaven head. At the very edge of
the illumination was Dick, struggling
with curiously bewildered movements
to free himself from a tangle of broken
shrubbery; and Sternberg ran to his as-
sistance as Wong Tom rapidly ques-
tioned the bonze who had so providen-
tially admitted them in a dialect which
even Winton could not understand.

  Macpherson and the half-caste were
both so breathless and wearied by their
recent exertions that the former half
staggered to a lichen-covered bench of
stone, while Jenkinson, still grasping
his bloodstained and badly nicked
weapon, stretched himself on the path
at his feet, his great, calloused shoul-
ders working curiously as he panted.

  “It is what I feared,” answered
Wrong Tom, when Winton impatiently
interrupted the seemingly endless inter-
rogation of the bonze with a sharp de-
mand for information. “There has
been an attempt at treachery among my
own people, A guardian stood at every
entrance, ready to open immediately at
my summons; but this unfortunate neo-
phyte paid for his attempt to be faith-
ful with *his life. He was about to
withdraw the bolts when Cen Yung in-
terfered, and, when he persisted, killed
him with that sword. Cen Yung stood
with his back against the door, threat-
ening this other bonze with his
weapon, when Dick reached the top of
the wall. The bonze was unarmed and
helpless to aid us against such opposi-
tion, but Dick dived from the top, and
landed with such force on Cen Yung
that I believe he broke his neck, and
he himself rebounded, and landed in
that clump of shrubbery.”
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

55

  Supported by Sternberg, Dick stag-
gered forward to join them, and al-
though his legs were still shaky he had
sufficiently recovered his senses to con-
firm the Chinaman’s statement, and to
disclaim greater injury than a shaking
up. On the other side of the wall there
was still a great clamor of voices, and
the sound of many marching feet; but
the pounding on the door which had
followed their entrance ceased abruptly
as the high-pitched voices of officers
rose above the shouting of the excited
and demoralized soldiers.

  “That door won’t stand five minutes
against a battering-ram,” exclaimed
Macpherson hoarsely, as he rose to his
feet and stepped over the prostrate
body of the half-caste. He still spoke
in Cantonese, but a little of that old, fa-
miliar expression of bewilderment had
softened the evil ferocity of his face.
“We had better be about whatever
there is for us to do.” He paused, and
looked curiously from one face to an-
other as they stood revealed in the dim
light from the lantern, and a hand
blackened with powder smoke swept
over his hardly less grimy forehead,
“What is it, Winton? What in the
deuce are we all here for? What’s all
this row about ?” he continued brokenly,
in English; but before the American
could find words to answer, Wong Tom
ran between them, and, grasping the
shoulders of the prostrate half-caste,
hissed in his ear a few words which
had startling effect in restoring him to
activity. The outstretched limbs gath-
ered beneath the bent, muscular torso,
and with one leap he was in front of
Macpherson, as nearly erect as the ef-
fects of the long-borne burden of the
kang would permit him to stand.

  A peculiar, droning sound came from
the cracked lips as he looked up at
the bewildered face above him, his
beady eyes fixed intently on those which
turned to his with startling suddenness.
And then, as if by black magic, the
bewilderment and confusion vanished
from Macpherson’s mind, and his face
was again eloquent of the evil pas-
sions which the half-caste’s strange
power had aroused within him.

  “Of course, to the Sanctuary before
those devils can break in on us!” he
exclaimed, in Cantonese; and as if tak-
ing it for granted that his command
would be unquestioningly obeyed, he
darted away from the semicircle of
light, the half-caste leaping after him
like a great frog as they disappeared in
the darkness. Wong Tom, too, would
have followed; but Winton stretched
out a hand, and grasping the neck of
.his blouse, hauled him roughly back.

  “None of that!” he said sternly.
“Our business first, Wrong Tom. Never
mind the Sanctuary now; you must
guide us to Lady Lochineal.”

  “Certainly; I depended upon Dick to
guide you there, and thought that you
would join us at the Shrine of the
Seal,” protested the Chinaman. '‘This
bonze, Wong An-ton, knows all of our
secrets, and is faithful. He, too, will
go with you.”

  His fingers had fumbled nervously
with the gold buttons which secured the
loose blouse as he spoke, and suddenly,
with an agility which seemed marvel-
ous in one of his age and build, he
wriggled loose, and ran in the darkness
in the direction which Macpherson had
taken, leaving Winton standing with
the empty blouse still clutched in his
hand.

  “The slippery devil!” exclaimed Win-
ton savagely, as he dropped the blouse
and reached for his pistol; but Dick,
who had apparently fully recovered
from his bewilderment, stepped for-
ward, and caught his arm.

  “You could never overtake him, and
minutes are precious,” he said earnest-
ly. “This place is a maze of paths and
courtyards. Wong An-ton is a Safe
guide, and every minute must seem an
eternity to the poor woman who is
waiting for us.”

  “The youngster is right, Uncle Char-
ley, 'and we should be on our way,”
agreed Sternberg, as a particularly vi-
cious yelling burst out on the city side
of the wall; and Winton, whose de-
sires so perfectly coincided with their
counsel, turned to the bonze, and
sharply ordered him to lead the way
to the house of the captive woman.
56

THE CP0<PUL/1CR MAGAZINE

CHAPTER XII.

  Even with the guidance of Wong An-
ton, the progress through the intricacies
of the Steered Precincts in the darkness
was irritatingly slow. The great wall
which divided the sacred from the sec-
ular city was nearly five miles in cir-
cumference, and inclosed a curious
jumble of temples, pagodas, shrines,
and buildings devoted to the domestic
jsurposes of the bonzes.

  It was to a low, rambling building
in an isolated quarter of the Precincts
that the bonze finally brought them
after a journey which to their impa-
tience had seemed interminable. Like
all Chinese dwellings, the outer walls of
the house were windowless, and access
to the interior was gained through a
large, arched gateway, which opened
into a square courtyard from which
the rooms derived light and air.

  In that quiet and secluded quarter
there was no hint of the riot and turbu-
lence which raged without the Sacred
Precincts, for long since they had left
behind the shrieking of the mob and
the shrill bugle calls which sent the
alarm circling about the walls. It was
Wong An-ton who gave the peculiar
signal which caused the wicket in the
arched entrance to fly open with a sud-
denness which told that the summons
had been anxiously awaited; but it was
Dick who entered first, springing for-
ward to seize in his arms the dimly
outlined, slender figure of a woman.

  Half laughing, half crying, she led
the way into one of the inner rooms
when Dick released her, and as she
turned to greet them Winton could
hardly credit the evidence of his senses,
for, realizing how his own terrible ex-
perience at Lang Tun and the subse-
quent years of worry and anxiety had
aged him, he had expected to find only
a pitiful wreck of the girl he had known
in the woman who had been fifteen
years a captive among aliens, robbed
of the companionship of her child, and
inexorably separated from everything
which had been dear to her in the
world.

  But only the snowy whiteness of her

luxuriant hair suggested that she had
ever known care or anxiety, for the
face which it framed was as youthful
and unlined as the one he had carried
so vividly in his memory since that
fateful parting at Lang Tun, and it was
far more beautiful in its maturity than
the one he had learned to love during
the long voyage on the old China. '

  Flushed with excitement, her smooth
skin was as delicately pink and white
as that of a baby, and there was not
even the suggestion of a crow’s-foot
about the eyes which sparkled so joy-
ously ; but the happy smile which dis-
closed beautifully white and even teeth
quickly vanished, the flush faded from
her face, and the sparkle of joy died
in her eyes as she looked expectantly
at the doorway, and realized that vtith
the entrance of the bonze, who fol-
lowed Sternberg and Winton into the
room, the party was complete.

  Dick’s native costume was stained
and torn, and his face scratched from
his tumble into the shrubbery; and the
clothing of the two Americans, immacu-
lately white when they had left the
house boat in the morning, was filthy
with the mud of Shen Fun’s streets,
and stained with great splotches of
ominously suggestive red. Their faces
were begrimed with sweat and dust,
their hands blackened with powder
smoke, and in the absence of the man
for whose coming she had so ardently
waited she could read only that he had
met with disaster in the strenuous fight-
ing in which their bloodstained and dis-
ordered apparel testified they had been
engaged. For a moment she stood
speechless, looking imploringly from
one to the other, her face blanched, her
lips quivering.

  “Dick, where is your father? Win-
ton, where is my husband?” -she de-
manded brokenly, after waiting vainly
for them to speak; and while the boy
hastily explained that he was waiting
at the Sanctuary for them Winton’s
eyes dropped before her steady gaze
of bewildered inquiry, for he knew
that every word which Dick so artless-
ly uttered was a lash to her pride and
confidence.
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

57

  “He—he left it to you to fetch me
—after all these years?” she faltered,
when Dick finished his explanation with
what he meant for the comforting as-
surance that his father had escaped un-
scathed from the fighting. "He is well
—uninjured—and almost within call of
my voice—after this cruel separation—•
sends others when he might have come
himself? Winton, I can't believe it!
You are concealing something from me
—in mistaken kindness, my son is de-
ceiving me, or for fifteen years I have
deceived myself, and lived in a fool’s
paradise. Tell me the truth, W'inton;
you know that I am not a cowrard. He
is dead? He is a prisoner? He is so
grievously wounded that you have left
him while you came to take me to him ?”
“Macpherson would have come, but
this is a grave business, and we must
make haste slowly,” answered Winton.
“He could not be entirely his own mas-
ter; there was the general safety to be
considered, and each of us had his part
assigned. He has gone with Jenkinson

and Wong Tom to-” She cut him

short with an impatient gesture, and
turned to Sternberg.

  “Will you tell me the truth?” she de-
manded passionately. “Dick has told
me of you—you must be the American
consul at Chee Nung?”

  “Yes; name of Sternberg,” he an-
swered, with a glance of urgent appeal
at Winton, in whose expression he
found little comfort. “Uncle Charley
lias given it to you straight, Lady Loch-
ineal. I can bear witness that your hus-
band has been one of the busiest men
in China to-day, and his day’s work
isn’t cleaned up—not by a long shot.
\YTe never should have reached here if
it hadn’t been for his leadership, and I
reckon we’ll never get out unless he
continues to boss the job.”

  Lady Lochineal smiled in spite of
her anxiety. “I am selfish and incon-
siderate,” she said contritely. “I have
not even thanked you gentlemen for
your kindness in coming to Shen Fun
to aid in rescuing me, and in my selfish-
ess I have kept you starving while I
pestered you .with foolish questions. I
am ready to go with you, but if my

husband could wait while he sent others
to fetch me, he can surely wait long
enough for you to eat the supper which
has been ready against your coming for
many hours.”

  They were famished; but, consumed
with anxiety lest Wrong Tom might
yield to temptation, and employ the
madness of Macpherson for his own
purposes, Winton quickly negatived the
proposition for delay. But Dick, whose
boyish appetite clamored even above
fear and anxiety, quietly slipped into
the adjoining room, and returned with
a generous supply of food, which he
had looted from the laden table.

  “We’ll not waste time if we eat as
we go, and I couldn’t go much farther
without eating,” he said, grinning as
he displayed his plunder; and, so.quick-
ly does hunger reduce a man to the in-
tellectual level of his primitive ances-
tors, the two Americans fairly tore to
pieces the plump capon which was part
of his loot, when Lady Lochineal left
them to gather up the few necessities
which she would need. The bones were
stripped bare when she returned with
a small bag made from antique bro-
cade hanging by a heavy cord of silk
from her arm.

  “I am ready, gentlemen,” she said
quietly; and then, guided by Wong An-
ton, and accompanied by her son and
the two Americans who had risked so
much to serve her, she stepped out into
the night, leaving forever that house
which for fifteen years had been her
prison. All was quiet now, and with-
out challenge or molestation they
reached the Sanctuary, that great pa-
goda of which the lofty dome, heavily
covered writh gold leaf, was visible for
many miles across the plain which lay
before Shen Fun. Beneath it was the
shrine which for centuries had con-
tained the most sacred and venerated
relic of China—the symbol of the great
secret power which the priesthood ex-
ercises in the Celestial empire.

  Since the theft of the sacred relic a
dozen bonzes upon whose fidelity and
devotion Wong Tom knew he could
rely spent the night in the Sanctuary,
two of them always on watch before
58

THE <PO<PULAcR MAGAZINE

the shrine, while the others slept in an
adjoining anteroom within call. The
personification of all that was conser-
vative and medieval in China, Wong
Tom was nevertheless fully awake to
every development of modern progress,
and without knowledge of those bonzes
of whose jealousy and enmity he was
suspicious, he had smuggled into the
Sanctuary a well-equipped arsenal of
the most modern weapons, and during
the long, silent watches of the nights
his followers had been instructed and
drilled in their use.

  It was, therefore, a curiously incon-
gruous medley of the East and West,
of reverence and sacrilege, upon which
Lady Lochineal and her companions
entered after Wong An-ton had guided
them through the puzzling maze of
outer courtyards and up the broad mar-
ble steps worn smooth by the feet of
the millions of pilgrims who during the
centuries had climbed them to pros-
trate themselves before the shrine of
the sacred relic. The inner sanctuary
was a vast, arched hall; but so perfectly
proportioned that its size was the least
impressive thing about it. Great as are
the treasures of the Forbidden City in
Peking, their value and historical and
artistic interest would have been
dwarfed by the contents of this single
room, where for centuries the pick of
all the vast tribute of the devout of
the great empire had accumulated.

  Every inch of the vast walls was
covered with such decorations as only
the infinite patience of artists with the
true Oriental indifference to the value
of time could have conceived.

  But, lavish of human effort and
wealth of materials as were the decora-
tions of the walls, they paled to insig-
nificance before the jewel of which they
were the mere setting—the Shrine of
the Seal of Confucius, which stood at
the end. In size, it was as large as
many of the buildings which covered
the shrines scattered throughout the
grounds, and even in the dim, weird
light of the flickering, candles which
burned about it, it was a dazzling blaze
of glory. None could guess the ma-
terial which gave it strength and sub-

stance, for not a space the size of a
pin’s point was left uncovered with pre-
cious stones—diamonds whose facets
threw back the light of the candles in
dazzling reflections, pigeon-blood rubies
which caught that fire and held it pris-
oner in their hearts, clusters of great
emeralds which reflected it like sunlit
patches of a summer sea amid white-
capped billows of huge pearls.

  Standing before that gem-incrusted
shrine when they entered was Macpher-
son, the half-caste squatting on his
haunches at his back, and Wong Tom,
as tense and rigid as a dog at point,
standing watching intently his every
movement. Ranged at either side were
a half dozen bonzes, their priestly robes
in strange contrast to the cartridge belts
slung over their shoulders, the deadly
modern rifles in their hands curiously
out of harmony with the ancient, bar-
baric splendor which surrounded them.
All were so intent upon the movements
of Macpherson that the arrival of the
newcorr\ers seemed unnoticed; and, be-
wildered by the unexpected brilliancy
of the place they had entered, they, too,
stood silent and spellbound.

  Cursing in Cantonese, Macpherson
was tugging and prying at the small
doors in the shrine which concealed the
resting place of the relic—doors which
in all of history had never been opened
but once without the prescribed and im-
pressive ritual. Formerly they had been
secured with the simplest of catches,
but following the robbery Wong Tom
had secured them so that they could
not be opened without destroying them,
fearing that curiosity might lead to dis-
covery of the loss. Now, in attempt-
ing to repeat the actions of his previous
robbery, Macpherson was meeting with
an unexpected resistance; but Wong
Tom dared offer no assistance, fearing
that the slightest interference might
lead to the violence of which he knew
he was capable in his trance. And so
those men stood rigid and watched un-
til a cry from the one woman rang
through the Sanctuary—a cry which
made them all start violently, and
caused Macpherson to wheel about un-
til his back was to the altar.
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

59

  She had started forward with out-
stretched arms, but one glance at that
threatening, evil face, distorted with
rage and black with passion, and she
halted, cowering back, and covering her
own face with her hands,- while piteous
little moans came from her blanched
lips. Macpherson betrayed not the
slightest sign of recognition; in the un-
certain light, he had seen only that
aureole of white hair with a dimly out-
lined face beneath it, and in this woman
—dressed in native costume—there was
nothing to arouse the dormant memory
of the girl from whom he had parted
at Lang Tun.

  Macpherson now advanced on the
man who had been his confederate in
crime, and for the first time since the
half-caste had found his courage and
attacked the executioner he showed
fear, cowering until his great shoulders
almost touched the pavement, and, like
a great crab, edging back under the lash
of that vitriolic tirade.

  But although it was in a measure re-
volt against the mysterious power of
the half-caste, it was in greater degree a
confession of how great that power had
been, for Macpherson gloried in recall-
ing what he had done, of the capture
and loot of the Avondale, of the attack
upon the Shen Fun caravan, of the des-
perate venture to Shen Fun itself he
boasted; but those boasts were followed
by bitter recriminations and abuse.

  “I have faithfully served the blood
brotherhood which exists between us,”
he went on. “My hand has never held
back; I have never shown fear nor com-
punction. I have led those yellow fiends
when they would follow; I have driven
them when they would have held back.
I have stained my arms to the shoulders
in blood; I have blackened my soul with
murder; I have made my ears deaf to
appeals for mercy.”

  FTe raised his hand threateningly over
the half-caste, who groveled at his feet,
mumbling inarticulately. The bonzes
would have interfered, but Wong Tom,
hoping against hope, waved them back,
and, slipping beneath that upraised arm,
bent over Jenkinson, and again endeav-
ored to stimulate him to a renewed ef-

fort to regain the control which had
slipped from him.

  Lady Lochineal had uncovered her
eyes, and, white of face and tremulous
of limb, clung desperately to Winton’s
arm. But after the effect of the first
shock had partly worn away she began
to get a conception of something akin
to the truth. Fortunately the Cantonese
speech was as unintelligible to her as
Greek would have been; but in Mac-
pherson’s ferocity and passion, and the
attitude of the others toward him, she
could construe only madness; and,
womanlike, she let her heart prompt
and control her judgment, and convince
her that it was anxiety for her safety
and the strain of his effort to save her
which had driven reason from its seat.

  Pity drove from her mind the last
shred of aversion and horror which the
terrible change in the man she loved
had inspired. And with that pity came
the intense longing to save and protect
which has so often transformed the
meekest of women into veritable Ama-
zons when those dear to them have be-
come helpless or threatened with dan-
ger.

  Motioning imperatively to her com-
panions to remain quiet, she advanced
fearlessly toward the trio so dramati-
cally grouped before the glittering
shrine. Macpherson, his face black
with passion, still held his hand aloft
as if waiting for the opportunity to
make his blow surely effective; the half-
caste still groveled at his feet, his in-
articulate protest changing to a piteous
whine. Over him Wong Tom bent lower
and lower, striking puny and ineffective
blows with his fists on the calloused
shoulders as he fairly shrieked suppli-
cations, imprecations, and commands
into the unheeding ears. On either side
of them stood the bonzes, as stolid and
rigid as if they had been carved from
wood, their faces as impassive as masks,
although every man of them realized
that the chief to whose cause they were
devoted was playing his last trump card
in the great game which would decide
their fortunes.

  At the very edge of that group she
paused, separated from the man whom
60

THE VOVULflcR MAGAZINE

she had come to save by the prostrate
form of the creature who had done so
much to damn him, and the one who
was willing to insure that damnation if
through it he could find the relic on
which his own safety and power de-
pended. Slowly her small hands
stretched out above that hideous, pros-
trate form and the half-maddened
Chinaman whose fists were beating a
devil’s tattoo upon it. Startled, Mac-
pherson stepped back, his eyes, in which
shone the light of madness, looking into
hers, which were filled with infinite
longing, compassion, and love.

  “Dick, my Dick! You have come
for me at last!” she said tenderly, and
even after that day of strong emotions
and sudden surprises the magical ef-
fect of her words and voice struck the
two Americans dumb with amazement.
As the sun banishes the clouds after an
April shower her appearance seemed to
clear all ferocity and evil from Mac-
pherson’s face. For just a moment
there was a suspicion of that bewilder-
ment which had always characterized
his recovery from his strange mental
wanderings; but that, too, quickly dis-
appeared, and despite the white hair
and grime of combat there shone from
it such a radiance as had greeted them
from the face of the woman he loved
when they entered the house which so
long had been her prison.

  At the cry which came from his lips,
Wong Tom drew back with a gesture
of defeat and despair, for it was the
joyous cry of a man freed from
shackles and reprieved from cruel tor-
ment. As he stood there, transfigured,
he seemed to Winton the joyous, reck-
less, carefree Macpherson of the old
days; and so he must have seemed tc>
the woman whose love and understand-
ing had cast out the black devils which
possessed him, for from her lips came
the echo of his cry, and her arms
opened to receive him.

CHAPTER XIII.

  Suddenly aged almost to decrepitude,
Wong Tom tottered back, and would
have fallen * if one of the bonzes had
not caught and supported him.

  Winton, with old wounds reopened,
and half-forgotten scars aching horri-
bly, was fighting for mastery of him-
self, and in no condition to master
others; while Macpherson and the
woman they had come to save, still
clasped in each other’s arms, were ob-
livious to everything but their new-
found happiness, which had obliterated
for the time being the memory of the
cruel years of separation.

  But the bonzes, hatred in their hearts
for these foreign devils, whose pres-
ence profaned the Sanctuary, were
whispering among themselves, and
ominously fingering their rifles as they
watched the intruders with scowling
faces and resentful eyes.

  A man of stone could not have re-
mained unaffected by emotion in what
they had passed through; but Stern-
berg had a more impersonal interest
in the whole situation than any of the
others, and, hard-headed and practical,
he was the first to appreciate the dan-
gers which it presented. Macpherson
had been rescued from his baser self;
Wong Tom was evidently past plotting
either for good or evil; and the grovel-
ing, whining half-caste was for the mo-
ment at least a negligible quantity; but
they were immediately confronted by a
dozen armed men whose attitude was
becoming more and more threatening.

  Wong An-ton, whose name denoted
that he was of the blood of the Custo-
dian, and who had very evidently been
a trusted lieutenant, and the sharer of
his secrets, had remained a silent and
impassive spectator, and it was to him
that Sternberg—for the first time as-
suming a leadership which the others
had held in turn—addressed his ques-
tioning in halting and labored Chinese.

  “There is no time to lose, Mr. Stern-
berg,” answered the bonze quietly, and,
greatly to the consul’s relief, in per-
fect English. “We have had little com-
munication with the officers from Pe-
king; it was Wong Tom whom they
were after, and they hoped to arrest
him before he could gain the shelter of
the Sacred Precincts. But now they
know that foreigners are within, and
that will offer an excuse for forcing the
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

61

gates, which they will probably do at
daybreak. You can imagine what the
result will be, for there is a strong
party among the bonzes who are inimi-
cal to Wong Tom, and to rid the Sacred
Precincts of the invaders they will not
hesitate to deliver him to the soldiers
and sacrifice you and your friends to
appease the fury of the city mob. The
only possible safety lies in immediate
flight. W^ong Tom had expected that
you would all leave the Sacred Pre-
cincts to-night in any case, and I had
perfected arrangements for you to
reach the house boat. Horses are wait-
ing at a small village a half mile from
the city walls, and from there it will
not require more than three hours to
reach the house boat.”

  Sternberg listened, his face like stone.

  “There are difficulties,” went on
Wong An-ton, “and there will be plenty
of opposition, but it will not start un-
til we leave the Sacred Precincts. Wrong
Tom cannot stay here, nor can these
priests; they would all be beheaded as
soon as they fell into the hands of the
soldiers. We have plenty of arms and
ammunition, and, desperate as the
chance seems, it is the only one. We
must try to fight our way through. I
will guide you, Mr. Sternberg; I ask
only that you aid in preventing the cap-
ture of Wong Tom by placing him with
Lady Lochineal. He is crushed by his
bitter disappointment, and for a time
he will be as helpless as a child.”

  In a few words Sternberg acquainted
Winton with Wong An-ton’s proposal,
and Winton gave immediate assent.
The Chinaman gave a curt order to the
bonzes, and although the language was
unintelligible to the foreigners they
were satisfied with the effect, for as
Winton stepped forward and gently re-
called Macpherson and his wife from
their blissful dream to a realization of
the difficulties which confronted them
one of them beckoned Sternberg to fol-
low him to the adjoining room, where
he displayed a bewildering collection of
weapons from which he might choose.

  Less than two hours of darkness re-
mained to them, and within five min-
utes they had filed from the Sanctuary,

and, under the guidance of Wong An-
ton, commenced another pilgrimage
through the intricacies of the Sacred
Precincts.

  As stealthy as marauding cats they
approached the exit which their guide
had selected for their sortie, and the
time was that which all experienced
campaigners recognize as “the danger-
ous hour,” for while a night attack de-
pends upon the cloak of darkness for
creeping to close quarters and deliver-
ing the initial blow, there must soon be
light, or in the confusion friend cannot
be distinguished from foe.

  The sudden appearance of armed
men from the exit which Wong An-ton
had selected was enough to send the
soldiers on guard squealing and shriek-
ing in flight, and had the bonzes ‘ been
as cool-headed as the foreigners the
passage to the city wall might have been
made without striking a blow ; but in
their nervousness they loosed their rifles
at the harmless fugitives, the bullets
flying wide and doing no damage; but
the report of the volley echoed through
the narrow streets as a tocsin to the
sleeping inhabitants.

  The first hint of dawn was redden-
ing the east -as they reached the en-
trance to the nearest street of the secu-
lar city, a street already filled with a
threatening assemblage of the riffraff
of Shen Fun; but that mob quickly re-
alized that the men who confronted
them would not meekly submit to
butchery to afford a Shen Fun holi-
day.

  A fairly creditable volley from the
bonzes opened the attack, and while
of marksmanship they knew nothing
the range was so short and the mob
so tightly wedged between the build-
ings that its effect was terrible. The
steel-jacketed bullets drilled through
rank after rank. Terror spread in a
great, irresistible wave, and with fal-
setto shrieks the crowd broke and
sought the shelter of the warrens from
which they had come, leaving the filthy
pavement unobstructed save by the
dead.

  But before they had advanced a hun-
dred yards their triumphant progress
62

THE cPOcPULA<:R MAGAZINE

degenerated into ignominous flight.
Not an enemy was visible, but from
housetops and balconies unseen hands
showered down on them a perfect cas-
cade of missiles which there was no
dodging.

  Before they reached the city gate
which was their goal three bonzes had
fallen, and Lady Lochineal was the
only one in the party who was not
bruised and bleeding.

  In the. desperate attack on the gate
one of the bonzes was killed, and Wong
An-ton received a bullet wound in the
arm; but the gate was won, and as the
advance guard of the Imperial Guard
came at the double into the open space
before the portal Sternberg, the last of
the fugitives, stepped through the pos-
tern, and forever left behind him the
mysteries and horrors of Shen Fun.

  Once without the city walls, the pur-
suit was taken up by the guardsmen;
but such tales of the prowess of the
foreign devils had circulated through
their ranks that they were not eager to
come to close quarters, and contented
themselves with a long-range rifle fire
which inflicted no damage. It was not
until they had almost reached the shel-
ter of the village where Wong An-ton
assured them that the horses would be
in waiting that the main body of the
guard issued from the city gates with
Lat Kee borne in their midst in a chair
on the shoulders of sturdy coolies.

  Driven by their officers, and fright-
ened by the eunuch’s shrill reminders
of the consequences if Wong Tom
should escape, the guard approached the
squalid village with a show of resolu-
tion, encouraged by the quiet which
brooded over it into the belief that their
victory would be an easy one. And
then, when less than a hundred yards
separated them from the low, mud-
walled houses, they were met with a
crashing volley which placed a round
dozen of them beyond all fear of Tsi-
Ann’s vengeance. The shots were fol-
lowed by such a cheer as never came
from Oriental throats, and a moment
later a score of white-uniformed men
under the leadership of a giant with
red hair sallied from the village.

  The advance had halted at the first
shot, and, without waiting to count the
number of their adversaries, the Chi-
nese fled in such confusion that not un-
til they were halfway back to Shen Fun
could the commands of the mandarins
and the shrill protests of Lat Kee re-
store even a semblance of discipline.

CHAPTER XIV.

  It was a sadly battered and bedrag-
gled crew which crept into the narrow
streets of the squalid Chinese village,
and even Lady Lochineal’s dainty na-
tive costume was much the worse from
that hurried flight through the filth of
the secular city.

  Thanks to the canopy of steel weap-
ons which her companions had held
above her head, she had escaped injury
from the shower of missiles; but all of
the men were bruised and sore, and
their clothing was in tatters. His face
drawn with pain, Wong An-ton, sup-
ported by Sternberg, guided them to
the inn where they were to find the
horses for the last stage of their jour-
ney; and, rude as had been the shocks
which the consul had received during
the past twenty-four hours, nothing had
surprised him more than the appear-
ance of the man whom they found
standing in the arched entrance to the
walled inn compound.

  He was unmistakably British, and to
any one with even a casual acquaint-
ance with the Inns of Court, he was
just as unmistakably of the legal pro-
fession. Through a monocle which was
so firmly fixed that it seemed to have
taken root, he watched the approach of
the two tatterdemalions, and, with a
carefully modulated “Bless my soul!”
he started forward when he recognized
that Sternberg was a foreigner.

  “My dear sir, I am looking for the
Marquis of Lochineal; can you tell me
anything of him?” he asked.. For a
moment Sternberg stared, open-
mouthed and incredulous, at the thin,
freshly shaven face.

  “Your name must be Guilfoyle,” he
said finally; and when the Englishman
nodded he pointed a grimy thumb over
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

63

his shoulder. “He’s all right—or as
nearfy all right as any of us—and he’s
coming along with the rest of the
bunch/’ he said, and would have vol-
unteered further information had he
not been interrupted by a strange and
strident outburst of sound from the
compound. Forgetting Wong An-ton,
he jumped forward, and attempted to
peer over Guilfoyle’s shoulder.

  "By thunder! I never expected to
enjoy the sound of bagpipes, but if
that means that the Highlanders are
with you it’s the sweetest music I ever
heard!” he exclaimed; and before the
Englishman could answer he was in the
compound and surrounded by a score
of brawny Scots, who fairly deafened
him with questions until the giant Niel
enforced a measure of order with his
peculiar heavy-handed methods.

  Sternberg wasted no time in making
explanations, and a half dozen wrords
were enough to send them streaming
from the compound with their rifles in
their hands, while the fugitives, feel-
ing secure that the unexpected succor
would afford them at least a respite,
dragged themselves in to gain such shel-
ter as the primitive inn afforded.

  With true British stolidity, Macpher-
son and his solicitor greeted each other
as casually as if they had met in Picca-
dilly, and Guilfoyle briefly related the
reason for his being there, and the man-
ner of his coming, which he seemed
to consider a perfectly ordinary busi-
ness matter. He had come from the
coast to Chee Nung in the second of
the yacht’s launches, and, finding that
the party had left for the interior three
days before, he had proceeded to fol-
low on their trail.

  He had brought the Highlanders
with him more for their own protec-
tion than for his, for they had gotten
out of hand, and were in trouble with
the peasantry of the surrounding coun-
try.

  "And as they were all retainers of
the Marquis of Lochineal, and in the
immediate service of the present incum-
bent of the.title, I feared that the es-
tate might be held liable for damages
for their behavior, which in my judg-

ment was distinctly actionable,” he con-
cluded. ‘‘As to their present action, I
believe that any competent tribunal
would hold that it was justifiable self-
defense, and that therefore no dam-
ages would be imposed, the appearance
of the defendants clearly demonstrating
that they had suffered sufficient tort at
the hands of the plaintiffs to excuse
even homicide.”

  “Of which there has been quite
some,” remarked Sternberg, who had
entered while he was speaking.
“Enough to make it safe to make a
quick dash for liberty if there are
horses enough.” It took but a short
consultation to decide that immediate
departure was impossible, however, for
Wong An-ton had provided only a half
dozen Chinese ponies, and their speed
would have to be regulated by the pace
of the footmen. Those who had come
from Shen Fun were too exhausted
from their exertions and lame from
their bruises to make the long march
in the sun until they had rested and
had their hurts attended to, and, dan-
gerous as delay might prove, they were
forced to accept the risk.

  Lady Lochineal, accompanied by
Dick, accordingly proceeded to ransack
the larder of the inn and the haver-
sacks of the Highlanders for food, and
Macpherson, despite his fatigue, eager-
ly questioned Guilfoyle as to his mys-
terious mission to India. The solicitor
answered evasively, and looked signifi-
cantly at his companions.

  “Never mind them; they already
know the worst of me, and nothing that
you can tell will shock them,” per-
sisted Macpherson bitterly. “Let us
have it, Guilfoyle; I am still the head
of the house of Macpherson, and I give
you full leave to bare the family skele-
tons for their inspection.”

  "Very good—although this is entirely
irregular and contrary to precedent,”
said Guilfoyle, with apparent reluc-
tance, after an irritating hesitation.
“You will understand that this admis-
sion is made confidentially, and entirely
without prejudice, but the most im-
portant result of the investigation
which I carried on was the discovery
64

THE ‘POVULAtR MAGAZINE

that there is a very serious doubt as
to your right to the titles which you
have borne for the past fifteen years.”
Macpherson nodded indifferently.
“Unless there is more behind it, that
worries me very little,” he said. “God
knows that they have brought me little
happiness.”

  “But there is much more behind it,
my lord,” continued Guilfoyle gravely.
“Much that is without the province of
anything I have ever learned in the
study of law, although some portions
recall vaguely stories of your ancestors
which are suggested in the dusty files
of our office.”

  “Go on !” said Macpherson curtly. “I
have no illusions about my family his-
tory which you can destroy.”

  Guilfoyle cleared his throat. “My
lord, i*" may sound heretical coming
from me, but I will admit that aside
from the titles which they did nothing
to win, and the estate which is so close-
ly entailed that it could not be squan-
dered, there is little for which you owe
gratitude to your immediate ancestors,”
he said. “Your father never bore the
title; he was still a younger son when
he died, for his elder brother, the late
marquis, survived him. Like yourself,
he entered the army, receiving a com-
mission in one of the native Indian reg-
iments. My lord, there was never any
public scandal, but your father was
summarily cashiered from the service
for a piece of madness which endan-
gered the lives of a whole European
community in India.

  “Disguised as a native, he gained en-
trance to the Temple of Juggernaut,
being the first and last European who
has ever seen the interior of that place
of mystery. He was discovered as he
came out, and that discovery caused an
immediate fanatical outbreak which
threatened the lives of men, women,
and children in the neighboring English
settlement. In the night they fled
through the jungle to the nearest can-
tonments, and they succeeded in eluding
their pursuers only by scattering what
silver and other valuables they pos-
sessed along the trail. Avarice for the
moment proved stronger than fanati-

cism, and as the natives delayed to
search for and wrangle over the treas-
ure, they succeeded in reaching safety
by the narrowest of margins. That
much of the story was familiar to me
before I visited India; the sequel I have
known but a few weeks.

  “My lord, the Brahmans were not ap-
peased by the summary dismissal of
your father from the service. They fol-
lowed him from the moment he doffed
his uniform, and, working in the mys-
terious ways of the East, they gained a
weird control over him—such a subtle
influence as we scoff at in practical,
matter-of-fact England because we can-
not reduce it to pounds, shillings, and
pence, or square it with such standards
as we know; but nevertheless it was
a fact. In punishment for his sacri-
lege they laid a solemn curse upon him
—a curse which was to be transmitted
to his first-born child, who in turn was
to possess unlimited power for evil over
children subsequently born to him.

  “Now, my lord, comes a part which
can never be explained, for your father
took no one into his confidence, and he
is past answering. There can be no
question of his own belief in the effi-
cacy of the curse which had been laid
upon him, and it is my belief that what
he did was done to nullify its evil ef-
fects in so far as they might affect the
future. In any case, he took a most
unusual step for an Englishman; for,
coming to Hongkong after he was vir-
tually expelled from India, he married
in due and legal form a Canton slave
girl whom he purchased for a trifle.

  “Less than a year afterward she died
in giving birth to a male child, which
your father provided for under another
name, and left in Hongkong when he
returned to England. It is my belief
that he did this thing with premedita-
tion ; that he planned that never should
the curse which had been transmitted to
his half-caste child influence children
which he might have by a subsequent
marriage. At that time he could not
have had the slightest idea that he or
his heirs might come in for the titles
and estates. So far as I know, he never
mentioned his marriage to the Chinese
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

65

girl to a living soul; and shortly after
his return to Europe he married again
—a Frenchwoman of noble family and
considerable fortune, your mother.

  “His death fifteen years ago was the
first of that series of tragedies which
made his eldest sQn the heir to the titles
and great, entailm estates which went
with them. Your elder brother was
killed by a fall from his horse, and
when you reappeared after your long
disappearance there was no one to dis-
pute your right to the titles and in-
heritance.

  “It is needless to say that I- have
checked up every point of the evidence,
my lord. The story was volunteered by
a Brahman priest in India. Never for
a moment have they lost track of your
father and his descendants. They were
waiting for you when you arrived in
India, and he gloried in telling me that
they were responsible for the charges
which were brought against you there
—charges of which you were absolutely
innocent, but which you could not dis-
prove because they had drugged you
into insensibility, and concocted care-
ful proof that you were guilty of the
theft from the temple—a theft which
was never committed.

  “They told me of your father’s mar-
riage in Hongkong, and on my way
here I stopped and verified the state-
ment. The entries of the marriage and
the birth are in the records, and can't be
disputed. There is only one hope, my
lord, and that is that your half-caste
half brother may be dead. That is a
fair assumption, for all trace of him
has been lost for fifteen years. He was
well, but not favorably, known in
Hongkong under the name of Jenkin-
son, and one of the older police offi-
cers told me that-”

  Macpherson checked him with a ges-
ture, and walked over to where the
half-caste lay stretched out on the dirt
floor, and shook him roughly.

  With a shriek of fear, he awakened,
and instinctively his hands reached out
for the kang; but Macpherson grasped
them, and drew him as nearly upright
as his bowed back would permit him to
stand. Indescribably filthy, reduced al-
<5A

most to idiocy by long years of perse-
cution, and distorted by the crushing
burden from which he had so recently
been freed, he was a horrible and repul-
sive object; but Macpherson betrayed
no aversion, and supported him tender-
ly as he turned to Guilfoyle with a cu-
rious smile on his lips.

  “We can testify that the sins of the
father are visited on the children,” he
said quietly. “It is only fair that he
who has suffered most should receive
also the lion’s share of such benefits as
may come with them. There will be no
contest, Guilfoyle, and I have the honor
to present to you the real Marquis of
Lochineal.”

  Shocked and horrified, the solicitor
would have made protest; but at that
moment Dick entered, carrying a steam-
ing bowl; and his mother was close on
his heels with its fellow. Macpherson
gave him a glance of warning, and he
remained silent, but he carefully avoid-
ed contact with the horrible creature
whom a trick of fate had made the head
of the great house which his fore-
fathers had served for centuries.

  It was a curiously silent and listless
meal which followed, for, strange to
say, there was something more depress-
ing to all of them in the developments
of the last half hour than in all the grim
tragedy in which they had played a
part.

  Macpherson, whom the strange dis-
covery had robbed of titles and wealth,
seemed less concerned than any of
them, and made occasional efforts to
liven things up; but it was a hopeless
task, and it was a welcome relief when
one of the Highlanders entered with
the announcement that a single China-
man had advanced, waving a white flag,
and requested speech of the leader of
the foreigners.

  “I reckon that I was ‘it’ last,” said
Sternberg, after Macpherson, to whom
the Highlander had instinctively ad-
dressed himself, had disclaimed leader-
ship with a gesture. “We haven’t any-
thing to conceal; bring him in here; let
him do the walking.”

  It was Lat Kee who was led in a
few minutes later—a eunuch of great
66

THE VOVULAtR MAGAZINE

stature and tremendous weight. As be-
came a palace favorite whose whispered
advice often decided the fate of the
greatest men in the empire, he was ar-
rogant of bearing and insolent of mien
when he entered; but there was some-
thing in the grim faces of these foreign-
ers. who looked at him with a mixture
of contempt and defiance, which curbed
the impudent demand which he was
about to make, and changed it to a
courteously worded proposition of com-
promise.

  At that, it was sufficiently cold-blood-
ed, for he offered the foreigners safe
conduct to Chee Nung if they would
deliver Wong Tom and the surviving
bonzes over to him for execution.
Otherwise, he pointed out, they could
never hope to escape, for the Imperial
Guardsmen would attack them as soon
as the;, left the village, or if they at-
tempted to make a stand the village
would be demolished by the artillery
brought from the capital of the prov-
ince, thirty miles away.

  They listened in silence; but there
was no need of consultation before an-
swering. Wong Tom, who sat shriv-
eled up in the corner, gazed at the
man who was demanding his head with
lackluster eyes which betrayed nothing
of interest, and beside him Lady Loch-
ineal was washing the bullet wound in
Wong An-ton’s arm. The half-caste
crouched on the dirt floor between the
eunuch and the foreigners, who still
remained seated about the rude table
where they had eaten.

  “Uncle Charley, you tell that fat,
splay-footed toad that we’ll see him in
—a hotter place than Chee Nung dur-
ing the monsoon first!” said Sternberg
savagely, after Winton had translated
the demand, which had been made in
“mandarin” Chinese.

  Couched in more diplomatic lan-
guage, WTinton translated the substance,
but in their tone and expression the
eunuch had already read the answer,
and his fat, sallow face became black
with rage.

  As a matter of fact, his proposition
had been made in desperation, for the
guardsmen were in open mutiny. It

was probably fear of the foreign devils’
rifles which had inspired it, but a su-
perstitious terror had swTept over them,
and the bannermen had plainly told him
that he could expect no further support
from their men in action against the
bonzes or their foreign allies.

  Tsi-Ann’s orders had been positive,
and he knew that she would never even
listen to an excuse for failure. There
was just one desperate chance; if Wong
Tom were dead, the foreigners might
barter his head for a promise of secur-
ity, and, quick as a flash, Lat Kee drew
a pistol from his sleeve, and fired at
the man who sat mumbling in his cor-
ner, his hands toying idly with the bro-
cade bag from which Lady Lochineal
had taken the simple dressing for Wong
An-ton’s wound.

  The treachery was so quick and un-
expected that the foreigners had no
chance to interfere before the shot was
fired, and but for Jenkinson the bullet
would have found its mark. But from
the moment they had left the Sanctuary
the half-caste had transferred his dog-
like devotion from Macpherson to his
wife, and, understanding nothing of
what had passed, he read in the
eunuch’s treachery a threat of danger
to her.

  Even as the pistol was whipped from
the broad sleeve, the great muscles of
his legs contracted, and with terrific im-
petus propelled him forward an instant
before the trigger was pulled. The
eunuch went down before the human
thunderbolt, and lay stunned and help-
less on the dirt floor. The half-caste
fell with him, but so quickly had it all
happened that no one realized the truth
until the great muscles of his bowed
back relaxed as he rolled over, for the
bullet meant for Wong Tom had
crashed through his brain.

  Before the eunuch recovered con-
sciousness he was securely bound, and
every man in the room save W’ong Tom
had gathered about to help while Lady
Lochineal, perhaps dimly conscious that
the half-caste had believed he was dying
for her, leaned over him, and tenderly
closed the staring eyes. The man who
had really been responsible for the trag-
THE SEAL OF CONFUCIUS

67

edy was for the moment forgotten, but’
the deliberations of the men as to what
should be done with the treacherous
eunuch were interrupted by a sharp
exclamation from the corner, which re-
minded them of him—an exclamation
which was quickly followed by such a
shrill shriek of triumph as no Western
ears had ever heard.

  Still shriveled and tremulous, but
with a face suddenly rejuvenated,
Wong Tom had risen to his feet, and
stood with one hand extended far above
his head.

  For a moment the foreigners were
suspicious of further treachery. The
bonzes suddenly drew apart, uttering
shrill screams; but almost instantly they
threw themselves flat at Wong Tom’s
feet, kotowing until their foreheads
rested on the dirt floor. Still suspi-
cious and puzzled, the foreigners
watched uncomprehendingly until Lady
Lochineal innocently and unwittingly
supplied the clew.

  “Oh, Dick, the poor old man is child-
ish !” she exclaimed. “He has been
rummaging in my bag, which contains
all of my little treasures. You must get

that one back for me, Dick; it is the
most precious of all—my lucky stone—
that little jade charm which you gave
to me on that last horrible night at Lang
Tun!”

  Startled and incredulous, they fol-
lowed the direction of her eyes, which
were directed at Wong Tom’s upraised
hand. Between the thumb and fore-
finger he held a piece of jade no larger
than an old-fashioned fob seal, but a
certain awe and reverence crept into
their minds, for they realized that they
were looking at the most sacred relic
of the great teacher whose precepts
have been for centuries the accepted
law of uncounted millions of human
beings.

  It was Winton who broke the silence.

  “Josephine, I fear that you will have
to humor him, and sacrifice your talis-
man,” he said gently. “Call it your
ransom, for Wong Tom will be our
friend, and we have nothing more to
fear. Again he is the most powerful
man in China, for again he is in fact
what he has been only in name for fif-
teen years—the Custodian of the Sacred
Seal of Confucius.”

       COMING! A novel by the author of "North of Fifty-three.”
       Bertrand W. Sinclair has written another big story of the
       West, called "The Laying of the Ghost.” You will get if
       complete in the month-end issue, on sale June 23rd.

?

GEORGE BROWN’S OFFICE BOY

✓'"SEORGE BROWN writes the editorials and attends to the “exchange” work
of a big metropolitan daily newspaper, all of which compels him to read
oceans of other papers. It was his habit to send his office boy to the post office
every day to drag back a tremendous bundle of papers.

    One day the boy, who was red-headed and high-tempered, received his
bundle in the corridor of the post office, cut the strings, and scattered the news-
papers in wild confusion all over the floor. After that he ran wild among them,
kicking them and slapping them about.

    An official of the post office called up Brown’s office with the purpose of
informing him that he had sent a crazy boy to the office, and that the boy had
scattered the papers all over the building. Brown was not in when the call was
made, but later the official of the post office informed him that, when remonstrance
was made to the boy, he exclaimed wildly:

    “That fool gets too many papers, anyway! I’m onto him. I'm the only
person on the newspaper that knows he don’t read half of ’em!”
Mr. Cutten’s Revolt

By Peter B. Ky ne

Author of “The Connemara Blood," ‘1 Short-Bred, ’ ’ Etc.

   Which describes how a kindly, cheerful, optimistic, and altogether lovable
gentleman was turned into a very thunderbolt of wrath, a relentless instru-
ment of vengeance, a mighty engine of denunciation and punishment. And all
through a poor little joke conceived in the poor little brain of a ne’er-do-well
relative.

EXCEPTING, of course, the aver-
age run of ills and minor trials
to which every human being
must inevitably fall heir, it
would appear to those who knew him
intimately that Mr. James R. Cutten’s
life had been singularly free from
worry and annoyance. I suppose one
might comb the ten largest cities of the
world and fail to discover a more con-
tented man, or a more efficient book-
keeper and cashier, than James R. Cut-
ten. In fact, so gentle, so kindly, so
cheerful, so optimistic, so altogether
lovable was Mr. Cutten that the little
tragedies of life which make of many
people neurasthenic wrecks passed Mr.
Cutten by without even lighting to say:
“How d’ye do?” His remarkable dis-
position, coupled with his sterling in-
tegrity, had for him metamorphosed the
rocky road of life into an improved,
up-to-date automobile highway bor-
dered with pansies.

  Having, early in life, discovered the
recipe for happiness, Mr. Cutten held
rigorously to his course. He ate spar-
ingly, avoiding alcoholic beverages and
starchy foods. He retired early, after
say two hours’ communion with a fa-
vorite author, and immediately fell into
the dreamless, untroubled slumber of a
babe. At seven o’clock he would arise
and hop into a cold bath. Emerging
from his bath glowing and tingling, he

would devote fifteen minutes to calis-
thenics, cook himself a light but excel-
lent breakfast, and make a dash for the
eight-three, arriving at his place of em-
ployment in the city at eight-forty-
seven.

  Blessed with health, a good job, and
a huge capacity of simple enjoyments,
there is no need to marvel at Mr. Cut-
ten’s happiness. He had a wife, too.
Still, he was happy. Life, for Mr. Cut-
ten, flowed along as gently, as unruf-
fled as a purling brook through an al-
falfa meadow. He was fifty years old,
he made two hundred and fifty dollars
a month, and he had saved his money.
He had Mrs. Cutten amply provided
for in the matter of life insurance, and
he had a five-thousand-dollar endow-
ment policy about to mature. The pre-
miums on his ‘’twenty-pay-life” policies
were all paid forever. He was a paid-
up risk, and nothing now remained for
him to do except live to a ripe old age
and die. Can you beat that for happi-
ness ?

  And as if that was not sufficient for
any man, it was a matter of common
knowledge that Mr. Cutten had a little
nest egg in the bank, and owned his
own home—a pretty little bungalow,
with a garage and an acre of land
around it in a beautiful suburban sub-
division. How about that, eh? But
wait!
M<R. CUTTEN’S REVOLT

69

  Mr. Cutten had three peach trees and
three cherry trees, and berry vines
around his boundary fence, and in ad-
dition he raised white Orpington chick-
ens and vegetables.- His Saturday aft-
ernoons, his Sunday mornings, his long
summer evenings, his holidays, and his
two weeks’ vacation yearly Mr. Cutten
spent in his yard and among his white
Orpingtons. His hens laid sufficient
eggs to pay for his groceries, and he
had for dinner every Sunday a chicken
with whose age he was familiar. He
had fresh vegetables all the year round,
and enough left over to give his imme-
diate neighbors something more than a
sample. Well, I wonder if Mr. Cutten
wasn’t happy!

  No, sir. Mr. Cutten never worried
unless he was out seven cents in his
trial balance. Compared with Mr. Cut-
ten a spring lamb was a tough cus-
tomer, and no cloud had ever darkened
the horizon of his placid existence
until Mrs. Cutten’s big bum of a
brother—I hate to use that word, too,
but then Mr. Cutten used it, so I pre-
sume I am justified; at any rate, it ac-
curately describes Mr. Marshall Hack-
ford, so even at the risk of appearing
vulgar we will let it stand—came to
visit the Cuttens for two weeks, and
stayed a year!

  It was not so much the advent of Mr.
Hackford into his relatives’ home, or
the alarming inroads he made into Mr.
Cutten’s groceries that made of Mr.
Cutten a raging demon, terrible to be-
hold, but rather Hackford’s low, vulgar

sense of humor- But that’s the

story, and it would be unprofessional
and unprofitable to tip it off now. Let
us, therefore, to the prologue.

  We have already vaguely surmised
one small fly in Mr. Cutten’s amber—
his wife. In the beginning. Mr. Cut-
ten, at thirty, had married Mrs. Cutten,
who was twenty, and the eldest of a
family of six girls and a boy. Those
were the good old days when a man
who earned a hundred dollars a month
was presumed, metaphorically speaking,
to have the world by the tail and in a
position to swing it wheresoever he
listed. Mr. Cutten was such a man

then—a prize not to be passed lightly
by*

  Having entered upon a commercial
career at the age of sixteen, at the time
of his marriage Mr. Cutten had three
thousand dollars in bank. He was sup-
posed by the Hackford family to have
more. After furnishing a cottage
with plush-upholstered, spindle-shanked
chairs and sofas, a curlicued, four-
decker whatnot, a marble-topped cen-
ter table for the parlor, et cetera, he still
had two thousand dollars left to do with
as he pleased. Following the trend of
his generous nature, he gave his wife a
little checking account of five hundred
dollars. Within sixty days she had
spent it on her unmarried sister and
her baby brother, Marshall, and was
hinting for more.

  A great many people make the mis-
take of assuming that an “easy mark”
is devoid of common sense. That is a
mistake. Mr. Cutten, while realizing
that he had married the Hackford fam-
ily, in a certain sense, saw no reason
why he should stand and deliver. More-
over, he hoped for a family of his
own, so, pending the arrival of his
heirs, he decided to get the remainder
of his savings down safe. He quietly
purchased twenty* acres of despised
suburban property with it, filed the deed
away in a safe-deposit box, and, with
the exception of the first Monday in
March of each year, when the assessor
came around, he forgot that he owned
the land. Having purchased his twenty
acres, Mr. Cutten very truthfully in-
formed his wife that he had no more
money, but would make her an allow-
ance from his salary, and pay all bills
himself.

  It was a long time before Mrs. Cut-
ten forgave him. She felt she had been
swindled, and for quite a while she
suspected Mr. Cutten of living a double
life.

  Mr. Cutten’s family had never ma-
terialized. True, he had fathered a son
who had died at the age of six hours,
and there had never been any more
babies. This fact saddened Mr. Cut-
ten—but sorrow, sprinkled on certain
natures, merely serves to make them
70

THE cPOcPULAcR MAGAZINE

more mellow and kindly, and he could
never forget that his wife was the one
who suffered most. It was well for him
that he did, for Mrs. Cutten was a little
inclined to nag. Indeed, had she been
married to an ordinary man it is diffi-
cult to say just what limitations might
be placed on her nagging. But Mr.
Cutten always knew just the right thing
to say to divert an impending storm,
and the right thing to do to keep her in
fairly good humor, and as this knack of
saying and doing the right thing appar-
ently entailed no strain on his seeming-
ly inexhaustible fund of gentleness and
good humor, he managed to get along
very well, and could, in all sincerity,
brag that with him marriage had not
been a failure.

  In the meantime Mr. Cutten’s twenty
acres had increased tremendously in
value. It was no longer a suburban
tract. He had figured on this, and now,
at fifty years of age, the future held no
terrors for him. He had worked for
the same firm all his life—it was the
only job he had ever held—and now
that the old partners were dead and
their sons in command, the sight of an
expansive gentleman with an air of
large emprise, who was drifting into the
office very frequently of late, and in-
dulging in long consultations with Mr.
Cutten’s youthful employers, actually
caused him to snicker furtively into his
ledgers. He knew the trust was after
the firm, and he didn’t care.

  Mr. Cutten made up his mind to keep
right on posting debits and credits and
handling the cash until some young fel-
low should take his job at half the sal-
ary. And the day this happened—the
day the new trust manager should lead
the new bookkeeper to his desk and in-
form Mr. Cutten kindly that while they
hated to part with such an old and
valued employee, still his services were
no longer required—at his present sal-
ary—Mr. Cutten had fully made up his
mind what he was going to do.

  He was going to laugh out Joud! He
had chuckled his way through life, but
on that day he would laugh like a
laughing hyena, for he could afford it!
In all his life he had never been angry,

and he would not even grow angry on
that fatal day. Instead, he would en
the instant divest himself of his alpaca
office coat, slam it into the wastebasket,
and go home with joy in his heart, to
devote the remainder of his days to sci-
entific gardening and chicken culture.
He would set traps for gophers and
concoct deadly poisons for predatory
bugs. And he would study astronomy.
All his life he had longed for a huge
telescope, such as one will frequently
see in the possession of a patriarchal
old gentleman in a city street on a clear,
moonlight night, the telescope bearing
a sign which says:

  See the Man in the Moon for Five Cents.

  Mr. Cutten desired such an instru-
ment. He planned to build a revolving
turret on the roof of his house, mount
the telescope in it, and on balmy mid-
summer nights study the heavenly
bodies.

  The fact is, Mr. Cutten was really of
a scientific turn of mind, which prob-
ably resulted in his phenomenal success
as a bookkeeper. It was an inherited
tendency. His uncle, Jared Cutten, was
a well-known amateur astronomer and
student of animal life, in addition to
being a bachelor and the possessor of a
vast fortune. He it was who for many
years had a standing offer of a reward
of fifty thousand dollars for the discov-
ery of a cure for cancer or tuberculosis.
Jared Cutten was a patron of scientific
research, although he could be induced
to back any proposition which had for
its object the attainment of exact and
definite knowledge of some obscure
problem of no particular importance to
the human race. He was as croehety
and belligerent as his nephew, James R.
Cutten, was genial and peace-loving.

  It was an open question among Jared
Cutten’s nephews and nieces—with the
exception of Mr. Cutten—as to who
should inherit the old gentleman’s
money. Mr. Cutten was firmly of the
opinion that his uncle’s fortune would
be left to charity and the furthering of
scientific research. In fact, he didn’t
care what became of it. for he did not
require any of it for his personal use.
M<R. CUTTEN’S ^REVOLT

71

Of all the nephews and nieces Mr. Cut-
ten was the only one who took no vital
interest in the state of Uncle Jared’s
health. He had not seen the old man
in years.

  This was not unfriendliness on Mr.
Cutten’s part, for Jared had a mighty
brain, and for this Mr. Cutten admired
and respected him; but his own decency
and self-respect would not permit the
veteran bookkeeper to join the horde
of relatives who thronged around the
old man, hoping his health was good,
and disappointed because it was never
bad. However, he had carefully perused
his uncle’s celebrated book on serpent
worship, and an account of the expe-
dition which the old man had financed
to Desolation Island to observe the
transit of Venus.

  Old Jared was too busy studying rep-
tiles and animals—this was his princi-
pal hobby, with astronomy a close sec-
ond—to call on his relatives, and Mr.
Cutten’s nature was too fine to permit
of his appearing fond of the old man
for the sake of his money.

  Things were at this pass when Mar-
shall Hackford appeared upon the
scene. Mr. Hackford was twenty-eight
years old, weighed a hundred and
eighty pounds, and was the baby of the
family. Seven sisters and a mother
had effectually spoiled him. He was
too proud to work, preferring to let his
family do that for him, and he had been
raised under the impression that he was
delicate. Up to the day his mother died
he had never peeled his own potatoes at
dinner. He was a handsome, miserable,
spoiled, selfish, peevish, overgrown
baby, and for a man without any par-
ticular vices he was about the most
worthless scrub one could meet in a
year’s travel. This was the incubus
which was foisted upon Mr. Cutten
when he married into the Hackford
family.

  It began with hobbyhorses and ten-
cent pieces for candy, and ran the
gamut of footballs, baseballs, and bats,
a Shetland pony, a gold watch, and a
college education. At the persistent
and never-wearying—well, solicitation
of Mrs. Cutten, who worshiped her brat

of a brother, Mr. Cutten had put up
fifty dollars a month for three years to
send Marshall to college, for the Hack-
fords were as poor as the proverbial
church mouse.

  Mr. Cutten remarked, upon the occa-
sion of his surrender, that to him it ap-
peared a good deal like putting a gold
ring in a pig’s nose, and let it go at
that. He found it easier to put up the
fifty than arouse the ire of Mrs. Cut-
ten and the Hackford family. He was
visibly and financially relieved when
Marshall’s health and the patience of
the faculty failed coinddently.

  One by one the Hackford sisters had
married—sterner men than Mr. Cutten,
by the way—and one and all they de-
clined to harbor poor, dear Marshall,
who, with the death of his doting par-
ents, found himself without a home,
and not only obliged to peel his own po-
tatoes at dinner, but to earn them, also.

  A most unlucky dog was Marshall.
As fast as Mr. Cutten found him a job
Marshall would discover that the boss
was prejudiced against him, or the other
clerks were shunting their work on him,
or the light was awful on his eyes, or,
in fact, any number of things. Mar-
shall had a list of grievances and rea-
sons why his manhood compelled him to
tender his resignation, compared to
which a recall petition loomed up in
the dimensions of a cigarette paper. He
was a nuisance, and finally Mr. Cutten,
having gotten himself disliked by many
of his business friends on Marshall’s ac-
count, gave up the battle, and Marshall
came to live with him while waiting for
something decent to turn up.

  Every day for three months he had
gone up to the city with Mr. Cutten,
ostensibly looking for work, but in
reality praying he wouldn’t find it.
Finally he gave up in despair, and re-
mained at home, doing little chores
about the place, such as going to the
butcher shop for his sister, sweeping
down the front steps and the sidewalk,
exercising the dog, and bringing in wood
and kindling. A large part of each day,
however, was spent in the Dutchman’s
pool parlor uptown, where Marshall
demonstrated to his admiring friends
72

THE <P0<PUU1<R MAGAZINE

the ease with which fifteen balls could
be put down without a miss.

  About this time Mr. Cutten discov-
ered that whenever he hung his over-
coat up in the hall and left the change
from a half dollar in the little side
pocket, somebody always “nipped” the
change. However, even then, Mr. Cut-
ten made no complaint, finding it
cheaper to harbor Marshall at home
than foot his expenses abroad. Once
or twice he did make a feeble protest,
which was incontinently overruled, for
Marshall was still the baby of the Hack-
ford family, and on her deathbed Mrs.
Hackford had commended Marshall to
her eldest daughter's care.

  I have forgotten to state that at the
time Mr. Cutten made his purchase of
the suburban twenty acres, he had con-
sidered it the part of a shrewd husband
to keep this information to himself.
For twenty years he had kept it and
blessed the forethought that had
prompted the idea.

  About the time Marshall had become
as common around the house as an old
rug, the trust took over the concern
whose books Mr. Cutten had kept for
thirty years, and Mr. Cutten, while
somewhat nearsighted by this time,
could nevertheless see the handwriting
on the wall. He nerved himself for the
verdict, and speculated upon the advis-
ability of practicing a horse laugh
against the day of his retirement. He
felt that his cachination must do full
justice to his sense of contentment, for
of late he had been the recipient of nu-
merous offers from real-estate dealers
for his twenty acres. He had stead-
fastly declined them all, holding out for
a hundred thousand net, for he realized
that with bungalows and alleged Swiss
chalets springing up like mushrooms all
around his twenty acres it would not
be long before somebody paid him his
price. And he was not disappointed,
for eventually he received such an offer.

  The offer, however, came through the
most unexpected channel imaginable. A
real-estate dealer saw the land, realized
its possibilities as a subdivision, and at
once sought out the owner. Instead of
visiting Mr. Cutten at his place of em-

ployment in the city, however, he
elected to call at Mr. Cutten’s home
during the latter’s absence. He met
Mrs. Cutten and unfolded his proposi-
tion. Need we say more?

  No, except to remark in passing that
it was a terrible blow to Mrs. Cutten.
It would be a terrible blow to any mar-
ried lady to discover, after twenty years
of married life, that her husband has
been concealing a hundred thousand
dollars’ worth of assets!

  “Such a sneaky thing to do!” cried
Mrs. Cutten. “The miser! Working
away, year in and year out, when we
might be traveling in Europe!”

  Forthwith she flew into a rage, and
called up Mr. Cutten. Then she called
him down. Marshall, coming in for his
luncheon about that time, and finding
his sister in tears, was soon in posses-
sion of the tale of Mr. Cutten’s duplic-
ity. He said nothing, but thought a
good deal. Later in the afternoon he
strolled uptown, and casually inquired
of the Dutchman how much he would
take for his pool parlor.

  Poor Mr. Cutten hated to come home
that night. When he did, in the lan-
guage of the classic, he got his, and
against the torrent of the Hackford
wrath his good nature could not prevail.

  For a week Mr. Cutten continued to
get his at home; then, on Saturday aft-
ernoon, at the office, he got his some
more. However, he had been expecting
that, so to his credit be it said that he
remembered to laugh. He did more.
He flashed a certified check for a hun-
dred thousand dollars on the amazed
trust manager, and informed that indi-
vidual that he might, for aught Mr.
Cutten cared to the contrary, invade
the realm of his satanic majesty in a
hand basket; after which Mr. Cutten
removed his alpaca office coat, rolled it
into a compact little ball, dashed it into
the wastebasket, and left that office
forever, stepping high, like a ten-time
winner. It was the first dash of spirit
he had ever showed, and possibly a
great measure of it was totally unneces-
sary, but then he had been heckled like
a caged bear for a week past, and his
nerves were gone for the time being,
M<R. CUTTEN’S (REVOLT

7 3

  Mr. Cutten went uptown and banked
his check. Then he strolled over on
automobile row and bought an elec-
tric for Mrs. Cutten. It was about the
only thing he could think of as a peace
offering. Next he purchased for him-
self that type of motor car described as
a racy roadster, and engaged a greasy
mechanic to drive him home in style,
while another mechanic—not quite SO
greasy, followed in the electric. On
the way Mr. Cutten paused long enough
to purchase his telescope.

  Thus did Mr. Cutten return to na-
ture, his white Orpingtons, and the sci-
entific life which had been calling to
him for thirty years.

  His purchase of the electric was a
knock-out stroke of diplomacy. Mrs.
Cutten kissed him a dozen times, and
cried with joy. Also she called him
Jimmy all the evening, and this was
something which hitherto had always
presaged a raid on his bank account.
So closely did Mr. Cutten’s own joy
approximate delirium that he could not
find it in his gentle heart to reprove
Marshall when that wart on the face
of society took the racy roadster out
for a spin around the block, skidded
into the curb, and demolished a wheel.
On the contrary, Mr. Cutten instructed
the parasite to hold himself in readi-
ness for a journey to the city next day
for the purpose of laying in a stock of
summer raiment.

  For a week all went merry as a mar-
riage bell in the Cutten establishment.
It almost appeared to Mr. Cutten that
the money wasn’t going to be a bone of
contention, after all, and he felt a little
ashamed of himself for his twenty-year
suspicion that a Hackford should never
be trusted with more than thirty-five
cents at a time.

  During that week Mr. Cutten made
his first discovery of benefit to science.
In the lower end of his garden he un-
earthed a colony of Argentine ants, the
first seen in that section of the State.
They were a long way from home, and
Mr. Cutten recognized them as stran-
gers ; hence he investigated, and discov-
ered that the Argentine ant is a distinct
menace to society.

  Now, as those familiar with the
alarming spread and pestiferous activ-
ities of the Argentine ant must realize,
Mr. Cutten’s discovery of the invaders
into that peaceful suburban community
was really an important one. Ants in
the sugar bowl, ants in the cake box,
and in the molasses jug, ants every-
where was the curse that threatened
the community. Mr. Cutten immedi-
ately published and distributed at his
own expense a pamphlet descriptive of
the Argentine ant and his depredations,
and advised housewives to place jars of
sugar, diluted wTith water and arsenic,
in their cellars. The poisoned sugar
would then be carried by the ants to
their young and the queen ants, and
thus, by' slow poisoning, the coming
generation would become enfeebled and
the pest eventually eradicated.

  For this public work Mr. Cutten re-
ceived a half column in the local pa-
per. This, in turn, was “swiped” as a
good story by one of the city papers.
Jared Cutten read it, and scratched his
head in a vain endeavor to recall what
his nephew looked like. At any rate, he
wrote Mr. Cutten a nice letter, com-
mending his public spirit and the sci-
entific zeal with which he had handled
the Argentine ants.

 However, the ant campaign had
scarcely been started before Mr. Cut-
ten received further evidence that the
Hackford spirit was ramping abroad,
with designs on his bank account. Mrs.
Cutten came to him one day with the
suggestion that really they ought to do
something for poor, dear Marshall. Mr.
Cutten gulped, and inquired mildly
what she had to suggest.

  “I’ve just given the fellow a new
overcoat and a new suit to keep him
from wearing mine, and I’ve just had a
bill for a set of new tires he’s worn out
already, scooting <y;ound in my racy
roadster,” he said, with just a hint of
complaint in his voice. “We’re feeding
him and boarding him free gratis, and
have been for a year. Isn’t that
enough ?”

  “I think we might set Marshall up
in business for himself,” began Mrs.
Cutten, playfully pinching Mr. Cutten’s
74

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

ear, a la Napoleon Bonaparte. It was
a way she had when she wanted any-
thing, and for twenty years it had never
failed to work.

  “Wha-what kind of a business ?”
quavered Mr. Cutten, feeling himself
about to slide from his high private re-
solve to cut off Mr. Hackford at the
pockets.

  ‘‘That pool parlor up on Main Street.
Schultz, the man who owns it, wants to
go back to Germany, and he’ll sell at a
sacrifice.”

  “How much?” demanded Mr. Cutten
weakly.

  “Three thousand dollars, Jimmy.”
“Well, it’s a sacrifice, I’ll admit,” re-
torted her husband; “only I’m elected
instead of Schultz. There’s a lot of
things I’d rather do with three thousand
dollars, my love, than let poor, dear
Marshall play horse with it.”

  “But, Jimmy, dear, we won’t miss
such a trifle. Why, we’re rich.”

  “My love,” said Mr, Cutten, “when
you’ve handled money as long as I’ve
handled it, you’ll realize that riches have
wings. I’ve been creeping along close
to the earth for fifty years, and, by
George, if there’s going to be any flying,
you and I will do it. I haven’t a very
high opinion of Marshall's business
ability, although it would seem that a
pool parlor would be about his limit.
I’ll have to think it over, my love. I
was never accused of throwing three
thousand dollars to the birds in a
hurry.”

  “Do look into the matter, Jimmy,
dear,” purred the companion of Mr.
Cutten's ioys, and left him to think it
oyer; for in all their married life Mr.
Cutten had never before temporized
while being raided, and, with the keen
intuition of her sex, Mrs. Cutten de-
cided that haste might ruin Marshall’s
chances. She was content, for the
nonce, with a half victory.

  Mr. Cutten, really perturbed for the
first time in his life, went down into the
cellar to think it over. Parting with
money in driblets never hurts a gener-
ous nature, but it is the three-thousand-
dollar gobs that break one’s heart,
and Mr. Cutten had a keen suspicion

that he was being worked. He was still
thinking it over when it occurred to him
that it wras time to gather the eggs, feed
his hens, and lock them in for the night.

  Now, for some days past Mr. Cutten
had been vaguely troubled. One of his
white Orpingtons had suddenly ceased
laying, although apparently trying hard
enough to make good, and as there was
no obvious reason why she should not
succeed, the scientific side of Mr. Cut-
ten’s nature was all on edge to ferret
out the mystery. Now, as he entered
the yard of his hennery, he thought he
had solved the problem, and paused by
the gate to prove his conclusions.

  An unusually large gopher snake was
crawling through the wire-netting
fence. Mr. Cutten, trembling for the
fate of 'his prize chicks, saw the in-
truder wind his sinuous way across the
yard, and slip noiselessly up the run-
way into the hen house; Ijaen Mr. tut-
ten followed, and watched his snakeship
through a knot hole. He saw the reptile
creep up to a low box in which a white
Orpington was even then in the act of
endeavoring to deposit her daily treas-
ure—the same hen, in fact, which had
so mysteriously ceased laying. The hen
saw the gopher snake approaching,
squawked in terror, and flew for her
life. The snake, nothing daunted,
climbed into the box and disappeared.
Mr. Cutten, approaching cautiously,
peered into the box, and to his amaze-
ment discovered that the vandal had
wrapped his maxillaries around the
small end of the egg, and was actually
engaged in the task of swallowing it
whole!

  “Well, I’ll be blowed!” gasped Mr.
Cutten. “An egg-eating sucker of a
gopher snake! Why, I never heard of
such a thing,” and forbearing to disturb
the reptile at its meal, he ran to the
house to call Mrs. Cutten and Marshall
to observe the remarkable perform-
ance. On the way out he carefully
closed the chicken-house door to pre-
vent the escape of the snake.

  But Mrs. Cutten and Marshall were
out in the racy roadster, so, pinning a
note on the dining-room table, instruct-
ing them to report at the hennery to
AftR. CUTTEN’S (REVOLT

75

view a strange sight, Mr. Cutten re-
turned to enjoy to the fullest the sci-
entific delight of watching a gopher
snake dispose of a hen’s egg without
even cracking the shell. By the time
Mrs. Cutten and Marshall had arrived,
the egg had almost passed the snake’s
lips, and the creature's head resembled
the thumb of a boxing glove.

  Mrs. Cutten fled in affright, refusing
to look at the horrid creature, but Mar-
shall, possessed of all the curiosity of
lazy and worthless people, took keen
enjoyment in sharing with Mr. Cutten
his study of the egg-swallowing snake.
Together the)7 watched for an hour,
while the egg slowly worked along the
snake’s alimentary canal. Its progress
could be readily traced by the conspicu-
ous lump which it produced in the
snake’s midriff, thus proving the egg to
be still intact.

  “How long, Jimmy”—since Mr. Cut-
ten’s retirement on the proceeds of his
early sagacity, Marshall had adopted
his sister’s patronizing habit of calling
Mr. Cutten “Jimmy”—“do you suppose
it will take the gastric juices of that
snake's interior to so work upon the
shell of the egg that it will soften and
permit the egg to digest ?”

  It was a big question. It opened up
a line of scientific research, and like a
falling star it dropped on James R. Cut-
ten's inherited appetite for exact and
definite knowledge bearing on subjects
of no importance to the human race.

  How long zvould it take the snake to
digest the egg!

  Mr. Cutten scratched his head, and
tipped his hat over on his left ear in a
manner suggestive of profound medita-
tion. Marshall’s query had opened up
an interesting line of conjecture, so, not
desiring to appear ignorant in the pres-
ence of his despised brother-in-law,
Mr. Cutten spat nonchalantly, and de-
clared with conviction that within four
hours the lump in the snake’s belly
would subside, thus demonstrating the
powerful action of the gastric juice as
an aid to digestion.

  Marshall Hackford shook his head.
“It can’t be done,” he said, with equal
conviction.

  “Why can’t it?” Mr. Cutten demand-
ed. “Nature always provides a way.
If nature had intended that a snake
should not swallow an egg without the
ability to assimilate it, the snake would
leave the egg alone. It stands to reason.
But that dog-gone snake has been guz-
zling an egg a day for ten days, and I
know it-”

  “It will take at least twenty-four
hours, if not longer,” said Mr. Hack-
ford.

  “Nonsense! Marshall, you talk like
a child. If it takes a gopher snake
twenty-four hours to digest a white
Orpington egg, it stands to reason he
wouldn’t be hungry every day—and this
fellow gets an egg a day, I tell you.
And he sucks ’em down whole, for I
haven’t found any eggshells lying
around-”

  “Bet you the cigars he don’t get away
with that egg in less than forty-eight

hours, if vou think vou know so much

   7 ¥

about a snake.” Mr. Hackford was
fond of- games of chance on a small
scale.

  Mr. Cutten reflected that if he won
he would be winning his own cigars,
and if he lost he would be no worse off
than he was before, so he was not in-
terested in making a small bet.

  “That old Uncle Jared of yours could
settle this question in jig time,” pursued
Marshall. “Take a man who’s studied
snakes all his life, and written a book
on snake worship, and there’s darned
little he don’t know about a snake.”

  “I’ll wire him,” said Mr. Cutten im-
pulsively, slapping his leg. “I’ll wire
him and find out. Marshall, you watch
the snake while I run down to the tele-
graph office,” and, quite aglow with in-
terest, Mr. Cutten sprang into the racy
roadster and scorched downtown, where
he sent the following telegram to his
Uncle Jared:

  Have snake just finished swallowing egg
from white Orpington hen. Egg is life size
and intact. To decide bet please wire collect
approximate period required for complete
digestion.

  Jared Cutten had just penned the last
sentence in a paper to be read b’efore
the Anthropological Society, and en-
76

THE <POcPUL/lcR MAGAZINE

titled '‘Can Monkeys Talk? They Can/'
when Mr. Cutten’s telegram was handed
to him.

  Imagine, if you can, an amateur sci-
entist, nature faker, or whatever one
may be pleased to term such a queer
individual as Jared Cutten, presumed
to be the court of last resort in matters
snaky, receiving a telegram like that
without being able to answer it! Con-
template for a moment the blow to
Jared Cutten’s vanity—he who had
studied the habits of every snake in
every zoo in the world, and any number
of snakes not confined in zoos—Jared
Cutten, author of “Serpent Worship/’
the man who knew every kink and fold
in the spine of a snake from the time it
was a fish until it became neither fish,
flesh, nor fowl, but a pterodactyl, and
flew, and had a two-foot bill with teeth
in it, and gradually grew into a snake
and crawled! Imagine his humiliation
when he discovered that for once in his
life he was stumped!

  Now, to be stumped by a stranger is
nothing, but to be caught asleep at the
switch by the discoverer of the fero-
cious Argentine ant in America, and
that man a mere nephew, was a matter
which didn’t sit well on Uncle Jared’s
stomach. The buck was clearly up to
him, and he realized that unless he
could answer the question he might as
well go to the end of the class.

  A snake had swallowed a white Or-
pington egg—a simple thing like an egg,
and here he was, appealed to by the
only nephew who had ever appealed to
him as worth the powder to—ahem!
ahumph! that is, appealed to as the
High Priest of Reptilian Lore—and un-
able to deliver the goods! It was ter-
rible.

  Uncle Jared realized that James R.
Cutten was not a frivolous man, for he
had discovered the Argentine ant. He
realized that he was not an avaricious
man, for he had requested his answer
collect. He had not seen James for
many years, but he had understood
from hearsay evidence that James was
doing well. Come to think of it,
James’ brother, who called religiously
twice a week, had informed him upon

the occasion of his last visit that James
had retired, and was supposed to be
worth considerable money. Conse-
quently, and in view of the fact that
he had written James, congratulating
him on the ant discovery, this telegram
could, by no possibility, be a far-fetched
scheme to patch up the silence and—er
—neglect of years. On the contrary,
there was every reason for Jared Cutten
to believe that his nephew had inher-
ited his—Jared’s—penchant for scien-
tific research, and, if so, Uncle Jared
could not afford to be caught four-
flushing. He would spar for time, and
in the interim dig into the authorities
on snakeology. So he sent this mes-
sage to James R. Cutten:	^

  What kind of a snake?

  Three hours later, with the problem
still unsolved, he received this reply:

  Spilotcs couperi, unusually large.

  It was the knock-out blow! While
Uncle Jared did not know it, Mr. Cut-
ten, at the suggestion of his brother-in-
law, had looked up the word gopher
snake in Webster’s Unabridged Diction-
ary, and fastened onto that Latin desig-
nation like a bulldog to a tramp.

 “Ha!” gasped Uncle Jared. “A
burrowing colubrine, commonly known
as the gopher snake. By Jupiter, James
is no dub himself, when it comes to
snakes. I can’t fence with him another
minute, and this affair is worthy of in-
vestigation. I’ll confess my ignorance.”

  So he wired his nephew:

  No data obtainable on colubrinss. My ob-
servations of digestion of nonvenomous
snakes rather perfunctory, or could answer
your query immediately. Intensely interested
in case now under your notice. Am com-
ing down to investigate. Line cardboard box
heavily with cotton batting, thus minimizing
danger of snake threshing body against
sides of box and crushing egg prior to di-
gestion. Confine snake in box and handle
very carefully. Watch snake continuously
until I arrive, noting signs of gradual col-
lapse of egg, if any. Make note exact hour
snake swallowed egg, if such data obtain-
able. Will arrive your town eight-forty-
three. Meet me at the station.

  That telegram reached Mr. Cutten at
five o’clock next morning, being deliv-
M<R. CUTTEN’S ^REVOLT

77

ered to him in the hen house, where hcs
had sat all night, overcoated and blank-
eted, among his Orpingtons, watching
every movement of the snake by the
light of an electric torch, which he kept
burning steadily. The snake, after suc-
cessfully negotiating the egg, had en-
deavored to escape, but Mr. Cutten had
tickled its nose with a straw each time
it appeared over the edge of the box, so
that the snake quickly withdrew and lay
coiled in the nest, considering the situa-
tion. Eventually, becoming sleepy and
torpid, he tied himself up in a lover’s '
knot and went to sleep.

  We are reliably informed that when
young Lochinvar came out of the West
and eloped with the bride, there was
considerable racing and chasing around
the home of the bride’s parents. Well,
that may be, but the racings and chas-
ings that went on around the Cutten es-
tablishment following the receipt of
that telegram made all the racings and
chasings of history look like the demure
activities of a Dorcas Society.

  For the first time in her married life
Mrs. Cutten got up early and cooked
breakfast for Mr. Cutten. Marshall,
who hitherto had occupied the spare
bedroom, was given terse orders to va-
cate and thereafter sleep on a couch in
the dining room, and Airs. Cutten flew
to make the guest chamber ready
against the arrival of the honored guest.

  She was too happy for anything. To
think of receiving a letter, two tele-
grams, and a visit from the rich rela-
tion. all within the short space of one
week! She resolved that no stone
should be left unturned to make his
stay a pleasant one, to the end that,
upon his death, it might be discovered
that he had been kind to her husband.
Already she considered Uncle Jared's
estate as good as settled in Mr. Cut-
ten’s favor, and her mind was busy with
half-formed plans for the rehabilitation
of the Hackfords and her own social
aggrandizement.

  The news that his learned relative
had condescended to share with him his
observations, even in such a compara-
tively unimportant matter as the diges-
tion of an egg in the stomach of a

gopher snake, filled the honest Mr. Cut-
ten with a sort of holy joy. Leaving
Marshall to watch over the snake, with
instructions to call him in case the sig-
nificant lump should commence to sub-
side, Mr. Cutten raced for the house,
swallowed a cup of hot coffee—for he
was chilled and cramped after his night
in the hennery—and then commenced
a frantic search of the house for a
suitable cardboard box and a roll of
cotton batting. To his great distress
neither were to be found, so, springing
into the racy roadster, he tore uptown
through the silent streets with his cut-
off open, rang the night bell of the local
druggist, secured the box and a huge
roll of absorbent cotton, and, disre-
garding the earnest queries of the drug-
gist as to who had been injured, he re-
turned to the house.

  Here he arranged the receptacle for
the snake as per his uncle’s instruc-
tions ; then, drawing on a heavy auto-
mobile glove, he got his courage in
hand, grasped the snake firmly by the
middle, and gently deposited him in
his snowy couch. Marshall was then,
to his huge disgust, requested to get
busy and clean up the chicken yard, and
accomplish sundry other little chores to
make the place tidy, while within the
house Mrs. Cutten was frantically
sweeping and dusting.

  “Marshall,” sflid Mr. Cutten, as the
hour for the arrival of the train drew
near, "take the runabout and go down
to the station for my uncle. You’ll
recognize him immediately. He’s a
Cutten from heels to hair. Apologize
to him for me for not coming in per-
son, but tell him I dassen’t leave the
snake.”

  So Marshall went to the station,
while Mr. Cutten remained on watch.
About nine o’clock Marshall returned
with Uncle Jared, and the formalities
of greeting over with Mrs. Cutten, the
old gentleman went at once to the ga-
rage and greeted his nephew7. His old
eyes glowed with interest when Mr.
Cutten called his attention to the bulge
in the reptile, showing where the undi-
gested egg reposed.

  “A remarkable case, nephew,” said
78

THE VOVULACR MAGAZINE

he. “A truly remarkable case. Know-
ing of my interests in such matters, it
was thoughtful and kind of you, indeed,
to apprise me of the facts. I appreciate
it, I assure you. And now, as you have
been on watch all night, I suggest that
you retire for some much-needed sleep,
and leave the case to me.”

  Mildly protesting that he was not in
the least fatigued, Mr. Cutten never-
theless permitted himself to be per-
suaded to abandon the garage for his
bed, where he slept soundly until five
o’clock, when he arose and relieved
Uncle Jared for dinner. After dinner
Uncle Jared retired and slept until mid-
night, when he arose and relieved Mr.
Cutten, who thereupon went to bed and
slept until seven next morning.

  “Any new developments, uncle?” he
inquired, as he entered the garage.

  “None—so far as the egg is con-
cerned. But the snake appears nervous
and uncomfortable.”

  ‘‘That’s to be expected.” Mr. Cutten
bent over the. prisoner. “His eyes are
glazed and half closed,” he added. “I
do believe he has indigestion.”

  “Well, that’s to be expected, also,”
replied the author of “Serpent Wor-
ship.” “According to all available in-
formation, he has been eating an egg
a day, and if he’s swallowed them
whole his system must be plumb full of
eggshells. The glazed eye is significant
of a state of coma, common to all rep-
tiles after gorging, although his actions
for the past two hours are in direct con-
travention of that torpidity which we
have every reason to suspect, under the
circumstances. I do not recall a more
marvelous case.”

  “Well, he appears to have quieted
down,” suggested Mr. Cutten. “So you
had better go in to breakfast. In the
event of any new symptoms I will call
you.”

  “By all means do,” replied Uncle
Jared, and departed for the house.
After breakfast he lay down for forty
winks. About the forty-first wink,
which happened to be late in the after-
noon, he was awakened by Mr. Cutten
shaking him gently.

  “What's up?” he demanded.

  “The snake is dead!"

  Mr. Cutten made the announcement
with as much solemnity as if the de-
parted had been a warm personal
friend.

  “The devil you say! And the egg
is-”

   “Is still undigested.”

  “We’ll have a post-mortem,” an-
nounced Uncle Jared, springing out of
bed and into his slippers. “Got a good
sharp knife, James?”

  Mr. Cutteij had such a weapon, and
together they repaired to the garage.
Mr. Marshall Hackford was there also,
surveying the defunct, egg-swallowing
snake, and as Uncle Jared lifted the car-
cass out of the box and stretched it on
the floor of the garage, Mr, Cutten saw
Marshall turn away to hide a snicker.

  “What are you laughing at—you?”
demanded Mr. Cutten sternly. He de-
-sired no undue hilarity at such a mo-
ment, and in the presence of his serious-
minded relative.

  “Wait,” replied Mr. Hackford, with
suppressed emotion. “You’ll see for
yourself in a minute.”

  And so they did. Uncle Jared deftly
slit the snake up the belly, removed the
egg, and tapped it tentatively with the
blade of the knife.

  “The egg appears to be in perfect
condition,” began Uncle Jared. “The
acids of the stomach have had no ap-
parent effect- Holy Sailor!”

  Marshall Hackford whooped aloud,
bent double, and sat down in uncontrol-
lable mirth as Uncle Jared picked up
the gory relic and thrust it under Mr.
Cutten’s nose.

  It was a porcelain nest egg!

“Well, James,” said Uncle Jared
frigidly, “all I’ve got to say is that
you’re a peach of a scientist, you are!”
“Har-r-r-r!” shouted Mr. Hackford,
and rolled on the floor of the garage.

  Mr. Cutten flushed a rosy red, and
hung his head. “I didn’t know it,” he
said humbly. He looked about him, as
if in search of a hole into which he
might plunge, and his pitiful glance fell
upon his worthless brother-in-law roll-
ing on the floor and chortling with glee
M^R. CUTTEN’S (REVOLT

79

at the horrible predicament in which
James R. Cutten was involved.

  “You—you knew this right along,
didn’t you, Marshall?” he said weakly.

  Mr. Hackford finished his laugh be-
fore it occurred to him to have the
manners to nod his head affirmatively.

  “It wras unkind and ungenerous of
you not to tell me,” said Mr. Cutten
sadly. “I must confess my surprise and
chagrin, Marshall. I am deeply
pained.”

  “It was too good,” said Marshall,
wiping away the tears of mirth. “If
you’d only looked for yourself a little

closer—har-har—before the snake-

Oh, Lord, this will be the death of me
—before the snake swallowed the egg,
you’d have noticed it, Jimmy. You
need spectacles, Jimmy. You’ve worked
—har-har—too long under electric

lights—har-har-har-” And Mr.

Hackford leaned against the wall of
the garage and commenced all over
again. Jared Cutten stood staring at
him, apparently undecided whether to
fly into a rage and proclaim himself in-
sulted, or take the whole thing as a
joke.

  “Yes, Marshall,” said Mr. Cutten
sadly. “I have worked under electric
lights too long. But I worked for the
Hackfords, and I was a fool to do it.
This is my thanks—1-”

  “The sight of you two serious-mind-
ed old nuts watching that snake wmild
have made a cow laugh,” proclaimed
Marshall. .

  The world swam red before Mr. Cut-
ten’s eyes. He saw the trap into which
the artful Marshall had led him; he
thought of all he had done for the lazy
beggar; of the miserable, selfish, greedy
Hackford nature against which he had
struggled so cheerfully all of his mar-
ried life, only to be made a fool of in
the end; and the monstrous imposition
which was being practiced upon him by
this overgrown baby, Marshall, was for
the first time really apparent to Mr.
Cutten. His learned, his brilliant Uncle
Jared had been made the laughingstock
of this contemptible laughing jackass—
Jared Cutten, author of “Serpent Wor-
ship,” patron of science, had been re-

ferred to as a serious-minded old nut!
And Uncle Jared was his guest; true,
an uninvited guest, brought down from
the city on a crazy errand, but an hon-
ored and a welcome guest nevertheless.

  Mr. Cutten, from long practice, could
readily assimilate a shabby deal directed
against himself, but against his honored
guest such a joke took on the dimen-
sions of a deadly insult, and with a
sudden - lust for murder, Mr. Cutten
cast about him for a weapon. Nothing
presented itself except the limp corpse
of the victim of misplaced confidence,
but that would do.

  “You big bum!”. he snarled. “You
great, contemptible, malingering, beg-
garly, lazy leech ! I’ve supported you in
idleness for my wife’s sake, and you
have imposed on my good nature. Y'ou
have humiliated me, and now you have
the nerve to stand there and snicker at
my Uncle Jared. I’ve stood for all that
I’m going to stand from you, and now
I’m through. Take that, you tramp!”
and he struck Mr. Hackford a stinging
blow with the late lamented.

  He continued to strike until Marshall,
with a shriek of horror, broke from the
garage, and fled for the house and
the protection of Mrs. Cutten. Uncle
Jared, filled with alarm at the sight of
Mr. Cutten’s terrible anger, attempted
to restrain his nephew.

  “Leggo!” shouted Mr. Cutten. “Leg-
go, I tell you. I’m a boob! I’m an ass !
I’m a monkey, but too much is plenty,
and enough is always sufficient. I’ve
been taking dirt from the Hackfords
for twenty years, but to-day it ends.
Leggo, I tell you! I’ve got a little
housecleaning to do, and I’m going to
do it.”

  So Uncle Jared let him go, and he
departed on the trail of the viper he had
been nursing in his bosom.

  From the interior of the house pres-
ently came the sound of a terrible hub-
bub. Uncle Jared heard Mrs. Cutten
scream; then he saw the front door
open, and down the steps came Mr.
Marshall Hackford on the toe of Mr.
Cutten’s gpod right foot.

  “Skidoo, you hobo! Out of my
house, and stay out”—kick—“and if
80

THE cPOcPULA<R MAGAZINE

you ever come back”—another kick—
“I'll kill you. Skip, you simpleton, and
hustle your daily bread. Work or
starve”—swat—“you poor, dear, deli-
cate-”

  Words failed Mr. Cutten. Besides,
he was pursuing Mr. Hackford up the
street, and he required his breath for
running. Marshall scrambled over a
fence, and disappeared across a vacant
lot, running for dear life.. Mr. Cutten
shook his fist after him.

  “Yes, I’ll put up three thousand dol-
lars to buy you a pool parlor, won’t I ?
You bet I'will—not!” and, hurling a
cuss word after the vanquished one—
a thing Mr. Cutten had never done in
all his previous life—he returned to the
house, where Uncle Jared was endeav-
oring to soothe Mrs. Cutten.

  “You brute!” she shrilled at Mr.
Cutten, as he entered the front door.

  “Cut that,” said Mr. Cutten. “Chop
it—quick. Where do you get that chat-
ter?” He came close to her, and sud-
denly she calmed, for there was a gleam
in Mr. Cutten’s eye which showed he
meant business. He continued:

  “My love,” and his voice was as
calm and gentle as it had ever been,
“you choose right now between your
husband and your family. Under-
stand !” Mrs. Cutten hung her hea4,
and a crocodile tear started across her
cheek. “Any time you want to sepa-
rate yourself from a good thing you’ll
invite that contemptible rascal back to
this house, or let me catch you giving
him money and my shirts and neckties!
One Hackford’s enough for me, Mrs.
Cutten. Two is a crowd, and I'm not
so old that I can’t put up a rattling good
scrap when my guest is insulted under
my roof. Marshall is off our list, and
off for keeps. Never forget it!”

  Mrs. Cutten departed up the stairs,
sobbing softly. Mr. Cutten turned to
Uncle Jared.

  Uncle Jared was smiling at him ap-
provingly. “James,” said he, “I was
always of the impression that you were
a mild man—too mild, in fact.”

  “Oh, I have my off days,” replied
Mr. Cutten carelessly. “I’m a devil
when things go wrong, and every once
in a while I have to prove that I’m old
man Bluebeard around this ranch.”
Uncle Jared slapped him on the back.
“Quite right, my boy. Quite right. A
man must assert his authority occa-
sionally, but for all that-you shouldn’t
be so quick-tempered. It was a rattling
good joke, come to consider it, although
I was angry myself for a minute. How-
ever, James, you have been very severe.
I suggest that you go upstairs and
apologize to your wife.”

  Mr. Cutten laughed—a short and
ugly laugh. He shook his head.

  “You don’t know James R. Cutten,”
he said. “I rule my house with a rod
of iron. I have to. Sorry to have had
this vulgar domestic row during your
visit, 'but he who hesitates is lost. I
maintain peace in my family if I have
to fight for it.”

  Right then Uncle Jared made up his
mind that James R. Cutten was his fa-
vorite nephew and legitimate heir. All
his life he had harbored the notion that
Mr. Cutten was a milksop. He was
mistaken. The man was every inch a
man. He was firm as adamant. He
had character and courage. He was all
right.

  Uncle Jared slipped his arm through
Mr. Cutten’s.

  “James,” he said, “let’s go back and
bury that dog-gone snake.”

TEN TIMES A HERO

DEPRESENTATIVE ROTHERMEL, of Pennsylvania, deserves a gold medal
for his services as a life-saver. Up in his district there is a woman con-
demned to death for the murder of her husband.	^
Up to date Mr. Rothermel, using thousands of law books and the large brain
cells which infest his head, has had her reprieved ten times. At this writing he
is preparing for the eleventh.
 The Chivalry of Carbon County

By Charles E. Van Loan

Author of “The National Commission Decides,” ltA Right Leg or a

 Reputation, ’ ’ Etc.

    Why Bud left home. The story of a unique ball game played in the little town
    of Saratoga, Wyoming, high and dry among the sage of Carbon County; a
    game in which the contestants are the Baltimore Bloomer Girls' B. B. C. and
    a bunch of mere men that thought they knew something about playing ball

HIS back was turned to me, but the
mournful howl of an automo-
bile siren caused him to crane
his neck anxiously, thus fur-
nishing me with a mental snapshot of
his profile. It had been three years
since together we had flicked battered
trout flies across the pools of the North
Platte, forty miles south of Fort
Steele, in Wyoming. At that time he
had not worn the gaudy habiliments of
the ridiculous curbstone ornament
scornfully recognized in certain por-
tions of the West as a “city cow-
puncher,” yet, in spite of his bizarre
disguise, I recognized Bud McKinstry
at once.

  Bud was the friend of a friend of a
very dear friend of mine, and his home,
when he had need of one, was in the
little town of Saratoga, Wyoming,
high and dry among the sage of Car-
bon County. But wrhat he was doing
in the shade of the Flatiron Building
on Manhattan Island, and why he wore
an enormous gray, flop-brimmed som-
brero with a snakeskin band, a blue
flannel shirt with a red-and-yellow ban-
danna for a tie, high-heeled boots, and
a few other obsolete trfnkets, were
things which required explanation, if
not apology.

  So I tapped him gently upon the
shoulder, and, “Where is the fancy-
dress ball?” I asked.

 ^Bud jumped when he felt the weight

of my hand, and the face which he
turned to me blazed with sudden sus-
picion. It changed immediately into a
mask of pleased surprise.

  “Well, well!” he cried, wringing my
hand. “It’s you, ain’t it? Yes, it’s
you! And I thought it was a bunko
steerer! I sure did. Well! L-o-o-ong
time I*no see you, eh? Why ain’t you
ever been out fishing again ?”

  This, and much more, came tumbling
from Bud’s lips, but when he caught
me examining his regalia with a grin,
the pleased ejaculations dribbled away
into embarrassed silence. I must say
for Bud that he had the grace to seem
ashamed of himself.

  When at home—in Carbon County,
Wyoming—Bud clerks in a dry-goods
store, and wears clothes which are, to
quote the catalogue of the Chicago mail-
order house, “the last, expiring sigh of
fashion’s latest whimsy; elegantly sim-
ple, simply elegant, cut, fit, and texture
guaranteed,” which is to say that the
coats run to phenomenally long, slender
lapels, buttons in unexpected places,
and the trousers to three-inch cuffs.

  “Why the masquerade?’’ I demanded.
“Is there a warrant out for your ar-
rest ? Have you done anything which
you couldn’t tell a friend ? If Baldy

Sisson could see you now-”

  Bud’s face shamed the bandanna’s
flaming scarlet.

  “Oh,” said he, “I guess you ain’t

    Van Loan's new series of baseball stories began in the first May POPULAR. Back numbers can be
obtained from news dealers.

^6A
82

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

heard the news. I’m in the show busi-
ness now.”

  “And therefore can’t look any one in
the eye/' I said. "Which is it—wild
West, vaudeville, or the moving pic-
tures ? Gut with it!”

  "It’s the movies,” said Bud, with a
sickly grin. “Ye-eh, I’m a regular actor
now, riding the range in New Jersey
while Larry turns the crank. Quite a
bunch of us came over at the same time
—under contract. Two carloads of
brones. Some of ’em outlaws.”

  "Tell it to the press agent!” I said
sternly. “You ride an outlaw? You?
Bud, I'm ashamed of you!”

  "Shucks!” said Bud uneasily. “Of
course, they ain’t none of ’em what you
might call man-eaters, but they’re fee-
rocious enough for New Jersey. Run
the film fast and it looks like the real
thing.”

  "But I didn’t know you could ride at
all!” I persisted cruelly.

  “Aw, let go!” pleaded Bud. “What
folks don’t know won’t never keep ’em
awake nights. I can sit up in the mid-
dle of ’em all right; I got a strap fixed
through the saddle, and——”

  ‘Pulling leather, eh? I’!l certainly
have to write a letter to Baldy Sisson!”
"Don’t you do it!” cried Bud quick-
ly. “Don’t you! I might want to go
back to that town some day. They
laughed me out of it once, and I
wouldn’t wish to have ’em do it again.
And, Baldy, he’s the longest, strongest
laugher of the bunch. You can hear
him plum' to W olcott when he gets
tuned up. Don't you write him, if you
got any humanity in you at all. Be-
sides,” he continued lamely, “I don’t
want to get my fool neck broke for a
measly tw^enty-five a week—not right
in front of a picture machine, anyway.
You wouldn’t, either. I never claimed
to be a Thad Sowder, nor yet a Harry
Brennan, and—well, anyhow, the strap
won’t show in the films.” He paused
and eyed me with a curious mixture of
importunity and defiance. “Don’t you
go and wrrite Baldy!” he repeated.

  “I won’t,” I promised, “if you can
give me any good excuse for traipsing

around New York in a Pawnee Bill
make-up.”

  “Why, sure!” said Bud hastily.
“That’s easy! I was working over
there in the jungles this morning.
Something went wrong, and they gave
us all half a day off. I didn’t have no
time to change. That’s on the level.
And, anyway”—was there a trace of
disappointment in Bud’s voice ?—
“people here don't seem to pay any at-
tention to you, no matter zvhat you
wear.”

  “Of course not,” I said. “Long-
haired men and short-haired women
create no excitement in this town, Bud.
These people have seen everything in
the freak line, and they wrouldn’t turn
around to look at you if you ^valked up
Fifth Avenue on your hands. They’d
think you wrere advertising Rattlesnake
Oil, or peddling souvenirs from the
Alamo. You look the part.”

  “Aw, dry up!” said Bud weakly.
“Some of the boys are worse’n I am.
There’s Charlie Fothergill. He wears
blue angora chaps day and night. You
remember Charlie. He used to work in
the drug store at Saratoga. The bluest
blue you ever saw, and a green silk
shirt, with a canary handkerchief.
That’s going too far, it seems to me.
Say, is there any place in this town
where a fellow can go and see things
on his afternoon off?”

  “Why, yes,” I said. “A fellow might
go down to the Aquarium and give the
fish a treat—they’ve got some Wyoming
trout down there that would probably
be tickled to death to see even an imita-
tion cow-puncher. Or a fellow might
run out to the Museum of Natural
History, and see the stuffed animals.
Then there’s the baseball game. You
ought to be interested in baseball;
seems to me you pitched ftfr the ‘Ante-
lopes.’ Come on out to the Polo
Grounds and see the Giants and the
Cubs; that’s always a fight worth the
money.”

  “No, sir!” said Bud, shaking his head
vigorously. “Don’t mention baseball to
me. I’m off that game for life.” He
spoke bitterly and, it seemed to me, with
a great deal of unnecessary heat. “But
THE CHWAURY OF CA^KON COUNTY

83

for a ball game I wouldn’t be here.
I’d choose the stuffed animals for
mine. Lead me to ’em!”

  Bud had twice hinted at a story, but
I knew him better than to attempt to
extract his confidence, corkscrew fash-
ion. When time and mood were ripe he
would tell me, and not before, but I be-
lieved I knew a sure way to hasten the
ripening process.

  With this end in view, I carefully
steered him into that wing of the mu-
seum which contains the American bird
groups, each in a marvelous stage set-
ting of its own, where real earth, grass,
and foliage blend into painted canvas so
skillfully that the sharpest eye cannot
trace the dividing line between the real
and the unreal, and the brain is tricked
into impressions of far horizons and
deep vistas of open country.

  “This,” said Bud disgustedly, “is the
bunk! D’you believe a bird ever had a
neck like that?” He indicated a fla-
mingo with a jerk of his thumb. “Let’s
go back and see old dinah-what-you-
may-call him again ; him with the bones.
It says on the card that he came from
Wyoming. If he did, it must have
been before my time. If I’d ever met
anything like that, rambling over them
hills, I* ^ surely have taken the pledge.”
“Just a minute,” I said. “And don’t
hurry so. You’ve got the whole after-
noon.”

  Then Bud, who was in front, paused
with a gurgle of pure delight.

  “Hey!” he called. “Come here, and
look at these little old sage hens! Ain’t
they natural, though? Watch that fel-
low strut! Say, that’s what I call neat.
That’s just the way you see ’em out in
Carbon County.”

  “Ever seen that country before?” I
inquired innocently.

  Bud fell back a pace, and his eyes
swept the canvas background.

  “Moses and the prophets!” he ejacu-
lated, seizing me by the arm in liis
excitement. “Look! Ain’t that Elk
Mountain over there? It is, as sure as
you’re a foot high! There’s the canon
where the trout creek comes down!
Say, this ain’t no fake; this is the real
thing! It’s a little chunk cut out of

God’s country. It’s home, that’s what
it is—home! Carbon County right here
in New York! M-m-m-m-mph! Oh,
lordy!”

  My moving-picture cow-puncher sat
down on a bench and babbled incoher-
ently to himself, while his eyes took in
each faithful detail of a well-'remem-
bered scene. The artist had contrived
to counterfeit the deep crystal atmos-
phere of that wonderful land which lies
along the ridgepole of the continent,
and, as one sense calls to another, to
see Elk Mountain lying purple in the
distance was to smell again the clean
wind of that mile-high country—the
wind and the odor of the sage.

  From mutterings and ejaculations,
Bud passed into a reverie, chin in his
hands. After some tirrie.he arose sud-
denly, shook himself like a wet spaniel,
and started for the exit.

  “Come on!” he said thickly. “I want
to get out of this bird theater as quick
as I can. Your blame’ pinny-poppy
show has made me homesick!”

  Under the trees outside I waited for
what I knew must come.

  “We’ve still got time to go to the ball
game,” I hinted.

  Bud’s language, in response to this
suggestion, would not be a pretty sight
in type. More silence.

  “Say,” demanded Bud, “did you ever
see a female baseball club?”

  I said that I understood there were
such organizations, but that I had never
seen one. Bud drew out a sack of to-
bacco and a packet of brown papers.

  “You’re lucky!” he said. “Wisht I
never had!”

  And then, with the spell of the sage-
brush upon him, and a two-thousand-
miles-away look in his eyes, my New
Jersey roughrider opened his heart.

  “Speaking of baseball,” said he, by
way of preface, “that team we had in
Saratoga wasn’t the softest in the State
by no means. We whaled the everlast-
ing daylights out of everything between
Green River and Laramie. Of course,
the Rawlins bunch put one over on us
when they hired five professionals from
Cheyenne. They beat us three to two
in eleven innings, and if it hadn’t been
84

THE VO^ULA^ MAGAZINE

for the ‘ringers’ they wouldn’t have
stood a show in the world.

  “One day last June I met Baldy Sis-
son on the street. He was waving an
envelope, kind of excitedlike. Baldy
used to run the team—him and Com-
stock.

  “ ‘Say, Bud,’ says Baldy, ‘I’ve got a
game for next Saturday!’ and then he
opens up the letter. Right across the
top of the page it says, in big, blue
print: 'Baltimore Bloomer Girls’ Base-
ball Chib/ Just like that. Well, of
course, I’d heard about female ball
clubs traveling through the country, and
giving a kind of a burlesque on the
game, but none of ’em ever came our
way.

  “ ‘You ain’t a-going to stack us up
against anything as soft as that, are
you ?’ I asks.

  “ ‘How do you know they’re soft?’
says Baldy. ‘They beat a lot of teams
in Colorado. And they ought to be a
good attraction.’

  “Well, that part of it sounded rea-
sonable. But there’s a lot of difference
between a good attraction and a good
show. Ever think of that?

  “ ‘I’m going to telegraph that man-
ager to come running,’ says Baldy.

  “You’d be surprised to know what an
excitement was kicked up in that town
when word got around that a she-male
ball team was coming. In a day or so
Baldy got a big roll of advertising pos-
ters in the mail. All colors. On the
top was a picture—made from a photo-
graph it was—of a girl in a baseball
uniform. Well, not a regular uniform
exactly. Part of it sort of looked like
a skirt to me. Loose and bunched up
at the knee. Under the picture it said:

“Miss Pansy DeMarr,

“The Peerless Shortstop of the Baltimore
Bloomer Girls’ B. B. C.

  “You know how a fellow’s mind will
get to running on photographs and
things. The minute I saw Pansy’s pic-
ture I was glad Baldy had made the
date for us. She was a bird, Pansy
was, young, and considerable of a
looker. You can’t fake up an old girl
so that she looks like sweet sixteen; it

shows through somehow, even in a pho-
tograph. Yes, Pansy was young, and as
cute as a little sage rabbit. I wasn’t
the only one in town that took a shine
to her. Curt’ Mahaffey stole one of the
posters and took it home with him.

  “Well, there was other things on the
poster, too. 'A genuine scientific exhi-
bition of inside baseball,’ was what it
said, ‘as played by the leading female
exponents of the national game.’ There
was a lot of that kind of hog-wash, and
then came a string of newspaper write-
ups, and not a knock amongst ’em.
Down at the bottom was a string of
scores. According to the posters, the
girls had cleaned up mostly all of Kan-
sas, and by awful one-sided figures at
that. It got us to thinking.

  “ ‘You don’t suppose this is on the
level, do you?’ says Henry Kamphef-
ner, our first baseman. ‘Did they beat
all these clubs, or is this just an adver-
tising fake ? And them newspaper ac-
counts ! Did they pay for them, or
how ?’

  “Well, we talked it all over, and made
up our minds that we couldn't afford
to have a lot of bloomer ladies travel-
ing through Wyoming, advertising that
they had licked the Saratoga ‘Ante-
lopes.’ That sort of thing would set
the town back ten years, and make us
the laughingstock of the State.

  “ ‘Here’s howT we’ll do it/ says Jeff
Bloodgood, our catcher. ‘We’ll play
these girls, all right enough, and we
won’t be any rougher with ’em than wTe
have to be. We’ll hand them a nice,
polite, gentlemanly trimming—say
about twenty-five to nothing—and if
they paste tip any lies about us we’ll
sue for libel and defalcation of charac-
ter. Anyhow, we'll tell ’em wre'll sue,
and that’ll scare ’em. Xone of these
fly-by-night shows like to get mixed
up with the courts.’

  “ ‘Yes,’ says Fred Gilroy, the short-
stop. ‘We can do that ’r else take a
poke at their manager. He’s a man,
ain’t he?’

  “But we decided that wouldn’t an-
swer. Jeff’s idea was the best.

  “Well, Saturday morning came, and^
most of us were down at the depot to
THE CHIVALRY OF CA%Z<BON COUNTY

85

see the bloomer troupe come in. I
didn’t hardly think they’d wear ’em in
the streets, but Jeff Bloodgood did.
He said they'd do it for the advertising.

  “As soon as the train came in sight,
we spotted an extra coach—a Pullman
sleeper it was.

  “ ‘Humph !’ says Billy French, one of
our boys. ‘They put on plenty of dog,
don’t they? Private car! You lose,
Dan!’

  “Dan McLaurin, our second base-
man, was pretty much peeved about
that private car, and I don’t blame him.
Dan runs the hotel, and he’d been fig-
uring on some transients. Had the
whole place cleaned up on purpose, and
went out at daylight to catch a mess of
trout for dinner. I’d have been sore,
too.

  “Well, we stood around and watched
’em switch the Pullman onto the siding
by the depot. That car was a regular
rolling hotel, with a cook house and
everything complete, and when Dan saw
the smoke coming out of the roof he
said he didn’t care how bad we’d beat
’em, but he hoped it wouldn’t be less
than fifty to nothing.

  “I got a peek at one of the bloomer
ladies. She was setting by a window,
combing her hair and fixing up a lot of
yellow puffs and things, and her mouth.
was full of hairpins. I knew right
away that she wouldn’t answer to the
name of Pansy. No, there wasn’t noth-
ing delicate about that lady: Or young,
either. Some folks like these big pref-
erential blondes; some don't. Me, I’d
just as lieve their hair and eyebrows
would be the same color.

  “While we were sort of standing
around, waiting for something to hap-
pen, the yellow-headed lady looked out
and saw us. You might have thought it
would embarrass her some to be caught
doing her hair in public that way, but
this lady certainly wasn’t the embar-
rassing kind. She was the sort that can
look straight at a fellow until he be-
gins to wonder what there is about him
that’s so peculiar.

  “She opened the window and stuck
her head out. I took off my hat be-
cause I’m always polite, but she didn’t

seem to pay any attention to good man-
ners.

  “ ‘What’s the matter with you yaps ?’
says she, and her voice was like her
face—hard. Kind of shrill, too, like a
parrot. ‘What are you staring at, little
boys ?’ she goes on. ‘Ain’t you ever
seen a lady before? Or haven’t you
got the price to see the game? This
ain’t no free show, so beat it while your
shoes are on your feet! ' Git!’

  “Some more of the bloomer ladies
showed up at the windows and passed
out quite a line of conversation. I
didn’t see Pansy among ’em, so I came
away. Jeff Bloodgood said afterward
that he stuck around and jollied ’em
back. Jeff always was a liar. He
couldn’t think fast enough to hold up
his end in a kidding match with those^
ladies. Yes, sir, they seemed tof know
exactly what to say that would be the
hardest to answer right off the reel.

  “Well, we went up to Dan’s place
and talked some more. We decided
that a real licking might take some of
the freshness out of the bloomer peo-
ple. Then in came Baldy Sisson with a
big whale of a man that had a kind of
a wry neck. Baldy introduced him as
the manager of the girl team.

  “Of course, him being a man, we
could talk to him, and we started in. I
don’t know yet who made the first
break, but all at once out conies a big
roll of bills, and the wryneck said he’d
take the short end of any two-to-onc
betting that might be flying around. He
was mighty near mobbed, and I sup-
pose, all told, we dug up close to two
hundred dollars. Dan locked the money
up in the safe until after the game.

  “I guess everybody in Saratoga that
could walk turned out that afternoon.
People came from away down by Til-
ton’s ranch and over on Jack Creek. It
was the biggest bunch I ever saw at a
ball game in the town.

  “We were practicing, along about
two o’clock, when all at once the crowd
began to cheer and yell, and here came
the bloomer ladies, walking two by two,
the big blonde out in front. There was
a lot of laughing mixed up with the
applause that I didn’t quite understand
86

THE <PO(PUL/}cR MAGAZINE

at first, but I mighty soon tumbled.
There, at the tail end of the line, was
two of the biggest old battle-axes I ever
saw in my life, one of ’em with a wind-
pad, a catcher’s mitt, and a mask; and
the other one with an armful of bats.
I began to laugh, too, until I noticed
that the one with the bats had a wry
neck; then X got up closer. Both of
'em had on bloomers and about forty
dollars’ worth of store hair, and they
were painted and powdered and fussed
up to beat the band, but a blind man
could have seen that those two battle-
axes were men dressed up in women’s
clothes!

  “Well, there we were, up against it.
For a minute we didn't know whether
to make a kick or not. Henry Kam-
phefner was our team captain, and he
had bet forty bucks on the game.

  “ ‘Look at them ringers!’ says Henry.
‘Maybe we ought to call the bets off.’

  '' ‘Call off nothing!’ says Dan Mc-
Laurin. Dan hadn't put up any two to
one, you understand. 'We'd be joshed
to death about it. Let ’em have their
gentlemen friends for a battery if they
want ’em. The rest of ’em are women,
and if we can’t beat seven women and
two men, we’d ought to be arrested.’

  “That was reasonable again. I took
a look, and there wasn’t any question
about the rest of the bloomer outfit.
Most of 'em had been women so long
that there wouldn’t have been any ex-
cuse for mistaking ’em for anything
else. Some of those bloomer ladies
must have been playing baseball ever
since the war.

  “They knew their business all right
enough. First thing they did was to
scatter through the crowd and take up
a collection. There wasn’t any fence
around the ball grounds, but if any of
the folks in the crowd thought they
were going to see that game for noth-
ing, they had another think coming.

  “I was warming up with Jeff Blood-
good when I caught sight of Pansy, and
forgot about everything else. She was
a little late getting on the field. The
posters hadn’t flattered her a little bit;
they hadn’t even given her all that was
coming. She was just about the neat-

est, modestest little trick a man ever
treated his eyesight to, and nothing like
the others. They looked kind of loud
in that foolish baseball uniform, but
Pansy—why, to look at her, you'd say
she never ought to wear any other kind
of clothes! Slim and neat and grace-
ful as a cat. The others looked big and
clumsy beside her.

  “The bloomer ladies went through
that crowd, joshing everybody right and
left, and bawling out the cheap ones
something scandalous, but Pansy, she
didn’t have a word to say. I know, be-
cause I went over and borrowed a dol-
lar from George Bainbridge, and when
she came my way I dropped it into her
cap. She looked up at me kind of sur-
prisedlike, and then she smiled. Gee!
It gave me a warm chill all over! I
remember thinking at the time that it
was a privilege to give money to any
lady as pretty as Pansy was. Did I tell
3 011 she had brown eyes ?

  “Well, the bloomer ladies didn't take
much preliminary practice, but the wry-
neck, he got out and heaved a few to
the other fat lie-male, and then him and
Henry Kamphefner tossed a coin. The
wryneck called the turn, and sent us to
bat first.

 “Pansy went skipping down to
short, the rest of the bloomer ladies
took their places, and the big, fat
catcher buzzed a couple down to sec-
ond a mile a minute. Pansy came
across to the bag like a big leaguer, took
the throws as pretty as you would want
to see, and chucked ’em back just like a
boy. My, how the crowd cheered her!
Pansy was the hit of the show, right
from the start.

  “Martin Carey umpired, and Fred
Gilroy, our shortstop, led ofif for us.
The wryneck sort of uncoiled himself,
and broke a fast one across Fred’s let-
ters, and all the bloomer ladies began
to chirp.

  “ ‘That’s pitching!’ they yelled.
‘You’ve got everything to-day, Pearl!
He couldn’t hit you with an ironing
board, girlie!’

  “Pearl and girlie! What do you
think of that for gall?

  “Well, of course, that first strike and
THE CHIVAURY OF CA<R?BON COUNTY

87

all the joshing he got from the bloomer
ladies made Fred mad, and he took an
awful wallop at the next one. It broke
toward him this time, and he missed it
a foot. That rattled him so that he
stood still and let Carey call the third
one on him, and what the bloomer peo-
ple did to Fred when he walked away
from the plate was certainly plenty.
I’ve seen some pretty fair single-handed
joshers in my time, but the bloomer
ladies had it figured down to scientific
teamwork.

  “ ‘Ain’t he the cute thing ?’ chirps the
big blonde over on first base. ‘I’ll bet
his best girl saw him stand up there like
a cigar-store Indian and let ’em call a
third strike on him!’

  “ ‘Mother’s darling boy!' squawks the
old lady over on third. ‘Don’t let Ha-
zel make you angry, Clarence!’

  “There was plenty more of the same
kind, and the crowd laughed fit to bust.
It was as good as a show for them.

  “Pete Townes, our third baseman,
batted next. Pete chopped at the first
one, and poked a little foul over back
of first. The big blonde ran right into
the crowd, and made a nice one-handed
stab. All the bloomer ladies yelled:
‘Nice work, Hazel!’ Then they whirled
in on Pete, and told him a few things
about himself.

  “I’d been watching the wryneck, and
beginning to see that we wasn’t up
against any tapioca. That old fat boy
was there! He had swell curves, a
dandy fast ball with a nice hop to it,
and a change of pace, and when you
come right down to it, that’s all the best
of ’em have got—that and control, and
the wryneck didn’t have no trouble put-
ting ’em where he wanted ’em to go.

  “While I was studying him, he pulled
a stunt on Charlie Kennedy, our cen-
ter fielder, and the best hitter we had,
that made me respect the wryneck more
than ever. He had a strike on Charlie
to begin with, and he put another one
right in the same place. Charlie took a
good toe hold, and lammed that ball
over third base pretty near a mile on a
line. It struck foul, though, and that
made two strikes. The wryneck saw
that he couldn’t afford to let Charlie hit

any more as hard as that, and what do
you think he did? He’d been pitching
right-handed, but he faced the other
way in the box, and lobbed up the third
strike with his left! When you’re all
set for right-handed pitching, and look-
ing for a wide outcurve, it balls you up
something awful to have the next one
break from two feet outside the plate
and come in toward you. Charlie was
so paralyzed that he stood still, and
never even offered at the ball. I’d
heard of pitchers who could do that
stunt, but I never saw one before.
Amphibious pitchers are scarce in any
man’s country!

  “I saw then that I was going to have
to do some pitching myself, and when
I walked out into the box I sort of
timed myself to meet Pansy on the
way. She gave me another smile. I’d
noticed particular that when all the
other bloomer people were yelling that
Pansy kept her mouth shut, and at-
tended to business. That made her
stronger with me than ever. I like the
quiet ones myself.

  “Well, of course, I was out there to
show those bottle blondes that they
didn’t have the only pitcher on earth.
Up came the old third baselady.
‘Maudie/ they called her. Two of the
women were in the coachers’ boxes, and
as soon as I got my toe on the slab they
started after me. I usually 'stand that
sort of thing pretty good—from men.
But what can you think of to say to a
lady that wears bloomers? They
opened up on me for fair. They talked
about my face and my feet and the way
my clothes fit me. It was fierce. I
know my foot is long, but I take a nar-
row last.

  “ ‘Come on, Maudie!’ they squalled.
'Here’s Oswald, writh the big feet!
He’s out there on the hill, and he ain’t
got a thing in the world but a chew of
tobacco and a prayer!’

  “Now, that’s a fine way for ladies to
talk, ain’t it?

  “I didn’t fool much with Maudie.
She wanted to bunt, but I kept ’em too
high for her, and she never even got a
foul. Then came Hazel, the big blonde.
I owed her something for what she
88

THE WPULA^R MAGAZINE

said clown at the depot, and I put the
first one so close to her nose that she
could have smelled it when it went by.
She was hugging the plate, anyway, and
I wanted to drive her back. Hazel
didn't scare worth a cent. She shook
her bat at me, and danced up and down,
and said if I ‘beaned’ her she’d bust it
over my head. What’s more, I think
she meant it.

  “I fed her the old McKinstry special,
the wide outdrop, and she missed two
of ’em. Hazel was no piker. She’d
swing at anything she could reach. I
figured she'd be looking for a third one,
so I banged the ball straight over, she
shut her eyes, and popped a fluky lit-
tle ‘Texas leaguer’ back of first base.
Pure luck. Hazel wasn’t built for speed,
but any fat lady could have made first
on that hit. I was mad enough to fight
until I looked up and saw Pansy at the
plate—Pansy and her cute little bat.

  “‘Come on, girlie!’ squalled the
coachers. ‘Here’s where we put the
rollers under Oswald! Get a hit, girlie,
get a hit!’

  “I hated to do it, but I slipped Pansy
one over the inside corner that nearly
took Jeff off his feet. I was going to
show her that I was a pitcher if I didn’t
do anything else. I tried it again;
Pansy swung with all her might, and
the ball came back at me like it was shot
out of a gun. I just had time to get
my glove up in front of my face when
bam! the ball hit right in the middle
of it and stuck there. I chucked it
over to Henry Kamphefner on first,
and we doubled Hazel by forty feet, but
somehow I felt kind of rotten about
robbing Pansy of that hit.

  “ ‘Take the horseshoes out of your
pockets, Oswald !’ squalls Hazel when
she finally got it through her head that
we’d stopped ’em with a double play.
‘Pretty lucky ! Pretty lucky !’

 “I ran into Pansy again as we
changed sides, and this time she grinned
when she saw me coming.

  “ ‘Pretty tough, little one,’ I says.
‘A foot on either side, and that ball
would be going yet.’ She never said a
word; just trotted out and picked up
her glove.

  “Well, that’s the way it started.
Skipping the details, the wryneck
pitched swell, elegant baseball, and
when he got in a hole, he’d switch and
roll a few down the alley with his
left. He had us all swinging like a
farmyard gate, and when you’ve got
a team doing that, you’ve got the
boys guessing. We put some men
on the bases here and there, but we
didn’t seem to be able to hit ’em
around, and there wasn’t much nour-
ishment in trying to steal—not with
Pansy covering the bag and handling
the throw. The wryneck hit me an
awful soak in the ribs in the third in-
ning, and I did my level darndest to
steal second, because I wanted to be
where I could talk to Pansy. I’m sup-
posed to be a pretty fast little fellow
on my feet, and I was up and gone
with the wryneck’s wing, but that fat
catcher slammed the ball down like a
white streak, and when I arrived, feet
first, Pansy had the ball waiting for me.

  “Along about the sixth we slipped a
run across. Pete Townes drew a base
on balls, Charlie Kennedy pushed him
along with a sacrifice bunt, and Billy
French brought him home with a single
to center. You bet that one run looked
mighty good to us. We'd forgotten all
about.beating those bloomer ladies forty
to nothing, and, considering the way the
wryneck was going, we were thankful
for that ace. It looked big enough to
win with, but in the eighth we had an-
other guess. Old double-barrel tied the
score on us.

  “I hadn’t been worrying so much
about the wryneck being a hitter, be-
cause he’d been swinging at anything,
but he came up first in the eighth and
tied into one good and plenty. It would
have been a home run if he hadn’t been
so fat. Of course, he blamed it on the
altitude. He got as far as third base,
and then he sat down on the bag with
his tongue hanging out a foot. His
bloomer friends certainly knew the fine
points of the game. Hazel broke a
shoe lace, and took five minutes to fix
it, and then Pansy had to stop to do
up her hair, and Maudie’s belt got
twisted, and between ’em all they gave
THE CHIVALRY OF C/m<BON COUNTY

89

the old rascal a fine breathing spell.
At that I’d have left him marooned on
third base if Fred Gilroy hadn’t played
ping-pong with a blfll that Myrtle hit
straight at him. Fred made a high peg
to the plate, Jeff had to jump for it,
and he came down square on top of the
wryneck. I’ve never seen a hippopota-
mus slide to the plate, but I don’t need
to. I saw the wryneck, and there we
was with the score tied up and the ninth
inning coming.

  “By this time we was pretty much
worked up about them two-to-one bets,
and the bloomer ladies were chirping
like a lot of canaries. That one run put
a lot of life into ’em.

  "We didn’t do any good in our half
of the ninth, and then here was
Maudie again, leading off for the ladies.
Maudie was tolerable soft for me. She
was afraid of a fast ball, and I didn’t
give her anything else. Three strikes
for Maudie. The bloomer ladies rooted
hard for Hazel, but I got her in a hole,
and made her swing at a curve, and she
went back.

  “Pansy waltzed up to the plate. She
had a bigger bat this time. Pansy
hadn't hit a ball out of the diamond all
the afternoon, and Henry Kamphef-
ner, who’d been reading the magazines,
and thought he knew all about inside
baseball, wigwagged to the outfielders
to get in close.	'v

  "When I saw that big bat I had to
laugh. It was ’most as big as Pansy
was.

  “ ‘Hey, little one,’ I sings out, ‘what
are you going to do with that telegraph
pole ?’

  “Pansy laughed back at me, waved
her hand, and then I hope I may choke
if she didn’t throw me a kiss! Honest
Injun, that’s just what she did! You
could have knocked me down wTith a
lead pencil.

  “Next thing I knew there was a ter-
rible racket over back of first base.
Hazel and Maudie and Myrtle and Jen-
nie and all the rest of the bloomer
ladies were yelling at Martin Carey:

  “‘Mister Umpire! Oh, Mister Um-
pire !’

  “‘Well, what’s wrong now?’ says

Martin. The crowd hushed up to listen
to their kick. Hazel cut loose with a
howl that you could have heard half a
mile away.

   “ ‘You make that pitcher stop flirting
with Pansy!’ she bawls. 'He's been
making goo-goo eyes at her all through
the game! You make him quit it!’
“Well, she got the crowd a-going, and
I suppose that’s what she wanted.
Laugh ? They laughed their heads off.
First thing I knew my ears were burn-
ing up, and I didn't hardly know what
end I was on. I'll bet if I’d took off my
shoes and dropped my glove I’d have
gone straight up in the air like a bal-
loon.

   “ ‘Come on there !’ yells Hazel. ‘Quit
stalling and pitch! Call time on him,
Mister Umpire!’

  "I must have been pretty badly rat-
tled. Wasn't that bawl-out enough to
rattle anybody? I set myself to pitch,
but I was so plum’ full of other ideas
and things that I mislaid the plate en-
tirely, and before I knew it there was
Hazel and Maudie and the rest of those
squaws doing a ghost dance along the
side lines, and the crowd roaring like
a menagerie at dinner time.

  “What’s the count, Martin?’ I says.
You can tell how upset I must have
been to ask a question like that.

  “ ‘Three balls and no strikes,’ says
Martin. "For the love of Heaven, Bud,
take a brace ! Don’t let those old bat-
tle-axes scare you. Steady down and
get ’em over!’

  “Well. I knew I had to do it. I
aimed the next one straight down the
groove, and there wasn’t a thing on that
ball but' the cover—not a thing. With
three and nothing, I figured that Pansy
would wait me out for a base on balls,
and I heaved that one up there as
straight as I knew how, looking to cut
the plate where it was biggest.

  “Pansy saw that it was a groover,
and back went that big bat, and then
bing! she landed on it as hard as she
could swing! I got one flash at the ball
as it went out over my head. It was
another one of those low line drives. I
whirled around, and there was Charlie
Kennedy and Billy French and George
90

THE VOVULAtR MAGAZINE

Perkins, all hitting the high spots in
the direction of the river. Kamphefner
had pulled ’em in close, and Pansy had
crossed us by lamming it out over their
heads.

  “The next thing I noticed was Pansy
rounding second base, and run? She
could have given a coyote a head start
and run him breathless around them
bags! She was straightened out for
third before Charlie caught up with
the ball at all. Pan McLaurin had
the best wing in the infield, and he
ran back to handle the relay. Charlie
let fly just as Pansy rounded third base,
and Dan made a chain-lightning peg to
the plate, but little Pansy hit the dirt
like a avalanche, and Jeff never did find
"her in the dust she kicked up.

  “‘Safe!’ yells Martin Carey, and
there went our old ball game, two to
one, and licked by the bloomer ladies !
Jeff Bloodgood heaved the ball away,
he was so mad. I don’t blame him.”

  Bud paused and rolled another ciga-
rette, whistling between his teeth as
he did so. I offered some consolatory
remarks, but Bud held up a restrain-
ing hand.

  “Wait!” he said. “The worst is yet
to come. I wouldn’t have left home for
a little thing like that.”

  He lighted his cigarette, blew a few
clouds from deep down in his lungs, and
resumed his narrative:

  “After the game the wryneck took
off his wig, and so did the catcher, and
they went up to the hotel with our
bunch. The girls beat it back to the
private car. Dan got the money out of
the safe, and turned it over to the wry-
neck. I got to say for him that he acted
like a true sport, and did the right thing
by the gang. Then Dan said we'd all
have one on the house and we did; and
then some more of the boys had a
stroke of enlargement of the heart, and
then the wryneck started it all over
again. It got to be quite a party after
a while. The wryneck, he said we'd
given him the toughest battle of the
season so far, but then I guess he was
just salving us a little. Goodness knows
he could afford to.

  “Other folks dropped in, and finally
there must have been fifty or sixty of
us. Then some one—no, it wasn’t me
—suggested that it would be a right
cute little idea to go down to the depot
and give three cheers for the bloomer
girls, just to show ’em that we were
true sports, and knew how to lose like
gentlemen. Everybody thought well of
the scheme, and then Luke Fosdick got
up on a table, and said if we were going
to do anything of that sort we might
just as well do it right.

  “ ‘We’ll get the band boys together,
and go down there and give ’em a sere-
nade !' says Luke. Luke played the
E-flat cornet, and thought he was quite
a bunch on that solo business.

  “Well, that wasn’t any trouble, be-
cause most of the band boys were with
the gang. They rustled out their in-
struments, and away we went across the
bridge and over toward the depot, the
band taking an awful fall out of that
‘Hot Time in the Old Town’ piece. We
marched up alongside of that private
car, and opened the celebration with
three cheers. Then the band played
some more—rotten, it was—and the
wryneck went into the car and brought
out some of the bloomer ladies and in-
troduced ’em. They didn’t look any
better to me in their regular clothes.

  “I rubbered and I rubbered, but I
didn’t see anything of Pansy, so after a
while I edged over to Hazel, who had
borrowed the bass drum, and was lead-
ing the band, and I asked her about it.

  “ ‘Where’s the little shortstop?’ I
says. ‘Why don’t you trot her out?
This is her party, and she oughtn’t to
run out on it this way.’

  “Hazel threw back her head, and be-
gan to laugh, and she laughed so long
and so loud that all the gang gathered
around to find out what was so funny.

  “‘Oh, Joe!’ says Hazel to the wry-
neck. ‘Pansy has made another mash!
Oswald says he’d like to meet her.’

  “Of course, the boys had the laugh
on me, but shucks! they was just as
anxious as I was to see her. They be-
gan to yell:

  “‘Pansy! Oh, Pansy! We want
Pansy!' and things like that.
THE CHIVALRY OF CA<R<BON COUNTY

91

  “ ‘All right, boys,’ says the wryneck.
Til go in and coax her to come out.
Pansy ain’t very strong for the rough
stuff, but I guess I can persuade her.’
And he climbed into the car.

  “He was gone quite some time. We
bunched up around the car steps and
waited, and while we were waiting we
made it up among ourselves to give her
three regular ring-tail peelers and a
tiger the minute she poked her nose out-
doors.

  “Finally the door opened, and there
was the wryneck.

  “ ‘Gentlemen,’ says he, ‘the young
lady was dressing, or she w ouldn't have
kept you waiting. Allow me to present
to you Miss Pansy DeMarr, the great-
est lady shortstop in the world!’

  “He made a flourish with his arm like
a ringmaster in a circus, and there was
Pansy, standing in the vestibule and
looking dowrn at us. She had on w'hat
looked like a long robe of some sort, all
embroidery and lace, and she smiled
when we gave her a real Wyoming
send-off with a tiger that started the
dogs to barking for miles and miles.

  “‘Speech! Speech!' yells Charlie
Patterson, and we all took it up like a
lot of parrots.

  “Pansy looked over at the wryneck,
and he nodded at her. She put one
hand up to her hair, and the other one
went to her throat. I could see that
she was fumbling with the catch to
that robe, and just as I was beginning
to wonder what was coming off next,
two things came off at once—Pansy’s
head of hair and her dressing gown!
She kicked the robe backward, and
hopped down on the car steps—as

pretty looking a boy as ever you saw
in your life!

  “Maybe you’ve heard the sound that
goes through a crow'd at a prize fight,
when one lad slips over a fluke knock-
out, and takes everybody by surprise,
including himself ? A sort of a cross
between a grunt and a sigh. I’ll bet
there wasn’t enough wind left in the
w^hole lot of us to fetch out one decent,
healthy ' cuss word! Flabbergasted ?
That ain’t no name for it. And before
we could get breath enough to say any-
thing, Pansy made the speech we’d been
asking for—made it in the kind of a
voice that goes with pants.

  “ ‘Where’s that rube pitcher ?’ says
he. ‘I want to give him a kiss !’ ”

  There was a long silence, while Bud
traced patterns in the gravel with his
boot heels.

  “At that,” he remarked defiantly, “I
wasn’t fooled any worse’n the rest of
’em. That kid could have fooled any-
body. Why, he used to be on the stage.
One of those female impersonators.
But you know how it is in a small town.
Once they get anything on you. they
never let go. They just keep riding
you and riding you, and I got sick of
it. Baldy Sisson had everybody in Car-
bon County calling me ‘Pansy.’ I
couldn’t stand that, so I ducked, but
if you’ve got a heart at all you won’t
tip it off to Baldy what I’m doing now.”

  Bud rose, stretched himself, and
looked at his dollar watch.

  “I feel quite some better!” he said.
“Come on, let’s go down to that fish
place, and see those Wyoming trout.
Somebody must have fooled them, too,
or they wouldn’t be here!”

     “Blacklistedis the title of Van Loan’s next story. He tells how a pitcher came
under the displeasure of organized baseball. In the Month-end POPULAR, on sale
June 23rd.

ANOTHER WOMAN IN POLITICS

^LYDE H. TAVENNER, who was elected to the new Congress last fall at the
    tender age of thirty years, attributes his success to his wife.

     “While I was traveling over the district delivering the hot air,” he explained,
“she had charge of my campaign headquarters, and was taking in the cold
cash.”
The King and Captain O’Shea

By Ralph D. Paine

Author of ''''The Quest of the Golden Table, ” “The Guests of Captain O'Shea, ” Etc.

        Before Johnny Kent settled down on his farm In the State of Maine to live
    the quiet life of a landsman he had taken part in many varied adventures on
    the ocean wave. Ralph Paine has told us of some of the exploits of this sturdy
    old engineer who, with his bosom friend, Captain Mike O’Shea, had sailed thjs
    seas in all sorts of craft. Here id the hitherto untold narrative of how Captain
    O’Shea and Johnny Kent did their best to place a king on his throne. A breezy
    romance of shipmates twain whose imagination and love of adventure led
    them into a danger=fraught enterprise.

(A Novelette)

CHAPTER I.

INTRODUCING HIS MAJESTY.

YOUNG Captain Michael O’Shea,
shipmaster, sat by a wTindow of
the Jolly Mermaid tavern, at
Blackwall on the Thames, be-
low London. His companion, Johnny
Kent, was a stout, red-faced, gray-
headed man who had sailed the seas in
many kinds of steamers as chief engi-
neer. These two leisurely drank mugs
of bitter beer, and gazed with profes-
sional interest at the crowded shipping
of that great seaport thoroughfare
which sailormen call London River.

   The Jolly Mermaid wras one of a jos-
tling row of ancient buildings with bow
windows and balconies painted in bright
■ hues, which overhung the tide at Black-
wall to remind one of the maritime
London of towering frigates and high-
pooped galleons and stout seamen of
Devon. The near-by shore was filled
with shipyards and weedy wharves, and
a little way downriver was the entrance
of the vast inland basin called the East
India Docks, where soared a wonder-
ful confusion of spars and rigging, and

the red funnels of the Union Castle
liners lay side by side.

  On the turbid river moved in pro-
cession a singular variety of craft—
drifting Thames barges with dyed sails,
square-riggers in tow, Norwegian
tramps half hidden beneath uncouth
deckloads of lumber, rusty Spanish
fruiters, coastwise schooners, spray-
stained steam trawlers from the Dogger
Bank, stubby Dutch eel-schuits, stately
mail boats homeward bound from the
tropics, sooty colliers from Cardiff.

  They slid past with an incessant din
of whistles, which, warning, expostu-
lating, shouted the rules of the road in
the language of the sea.

  These familiar sights and sounds
pleased Captain O’Shea, and he was
contented with his seat by the window
of the Jolly Mermaid and the excellent
brew dispensed by the apple-cheeked
young woman behind the bar. Am-
phibious loafers drifted in and out, or
cast anchor on the wharf alongside—
riggers, watermen, dock laborers, sail-
ors who seemed to have a world of time
on their hands. Their gait was slouch-
ing, their attire careless, and their con-
THE KING AN<D CAPTAIN O’SHEA

93

versation peppered with sanguinary
references to their eyes.

  “ ’Tis a restful place, Johnny, and as
diverting as a theater,” observed
O’Shea.

  The chief engineer returned rather
fretfully:

  “I’m willing to be idle in this bit of
slack water for a while, and sort of
pull myself together, Cap’n Mike. But
this don’t earn wages, and I ain’t mak-
in’ much headway toward buy in’ that
farm down in the State o’ Maine.”
Whimsical amusement lighted
O’Shea’s bold, smooth-shaven features
as he replied:

  “I am not a man to seek a humdrum
life, afloat or ashore, you impatient old
pirate! There was a lot of fuss kicked
up at home about that last voyage of
ours, as ye well know. And there was
a strong chance that we would be laid
by the heels in one of Uncle Sam’s jails
for breaking the laws between nations.
Wre are better off where we are.”
“Governments are touchy, but it’s
dog-goned foolishness to hold it against
us,” grumbled Johnny Kent. “We
were peacefully runnin’ a cargo of guns
and cartridges ashore for them rebel-
lious patriots in the Caribbean, and
most strictly mindin’ our own business.
That Spanish gunboat got in our way,
and her intentions was plain blood-
thirsty. What if we did ram her and
then blow her up? She interfered with
men who were try in’ to make an honest
livin’ on the high seas.”

  “Argue as far as you like, Johnny.
It won’t alter the fact that it was
healthier for you and me to make our-
selves hard to find.”

  “But it’s discouragin’ to look for an-
other ship here in England, Cap’n
Mike. We can’t show Board of Trade
certificates. We’re fish out of water.
American masters’ and engineers’ pa-
pers are no good among these British-
ers.”

  “ ’Tis not easy to find our kind of a
ship anywhere,” O’Shea reminded him.
“Big risks and big wages is our game.
There are no revolutions popping the
lid off in Central or South America,
and we will sit tight and trust in my

lucky star. I have a gold piece or two
left in the toe of the sock where I
stowed it against times like this. And
we have not sunk so low that we must
sign on for a lawful voyage in a ship
that does not dodge every smoke she
sights.”

  Johnny Kent crooked a finger at the
barmaid, and sought consolation in an-
other mug of bitter, while Captain
O’Shea turned to a morning newspaper
and ran his eye down the ship-^jews
column to note the arrivals and de-
partures. Then he cast a cursory
glance at the foreign dispatches, which
might perchance disclose some disturb-
ance of the world’s peace and an op-
portunity for venturesome men used to
alarms and stratagems. There was a
report of the seizure of a German
steamer for smuggling arms to a Per-
sian Gulf port. O’Shea brightened,
and decided to investigate the contra-
band trade of the Persian Gulf and as-
certain who was instigating it.

  Johnny Kent was moved to begin an
aimless yarn about a certain wicked
skipper of Yankee clipper fame who
fetched his second mate all the way
home from Cape Town doubled up in
a hencoop as a punishment for im-
pertinence. It was one of those gar-
rulous, interminable yarns which box
the compass without maintaining steer-
age way. O’Shea listened politely, but
with a manner slightly absent-minded,
having heard the tale of the unfortu-
nate second mate and the hencoop in
at least five different ports.

  The yarn was cut short, and the two
men screwed around in their chairs to
stare at a visitor whose presence in the
humble longshore tavern of the Jolly
Mermaid was most extraordinary.

  He was an elderly and very dignified
gentleman, of a spare figure and the
stiffly erect carriage of an army officer.
His features, thin and rather refined
than forceful, were given an air of dis-
tinction by a white mustache and im-
perial. From the silk hat and frock
coat with the ribbon of an order in
the lapel to the tan gaiters and patent-
leather shoes, he was dressed with fas-
tidious nicety. In a club window of
94

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

Pall Mall, he would have been a con-
spicuous ornament. In the dingy tap-
room of the Jolly Mermaid, he was
startlingly incongruous.

  The stranger had the grand manner,
and it fitted him like a glove. He was
not offensively self-important, but one
knew him to be a personage who ex-
pected the world to show him defer-
ence. The barmaid, who was no dunce
at reading human nature, bobbed a
curtsy, and withheld the flippant per-
siflage which was wont to delight the
nautical patrons of the place.

  A moment later there entered the
tavern a brisk young man with a sandy
complexion and a roving eye, who
wras smartly, but a trifle showily, attired
—a keen, up-to-snuff young man, who
knew his way about. With a respect-
ful bow he addressed the impressive
elderly gentleman:

  “I told him to meet us here, if your
majesty pleases.”

  The apple-cheeked barmaid was
threatened with a fainting spell at the
intimation that royalty stood within the
tavern walls, but rallied bravely to sug-
gest, in a fluttered voice:

  “There’s a tidy little back room, your
royal ’ighness, where you can set quiet
and privatelike without common folks
starin’ and gawkin’ at your worship.”
“Thanks. I am rather tired after
tramping about the docks,” amiably re-
plied the personage, in the pleasantly
modulated accents of the cultivated
Englishman. To the brisk young man
he said:

  “Let us sit down, and look over some
of the memoranda while we are wait-
ing.”

  “Certainly, your majesty,” quoth the
young man; and with this they passed
into the little back room and closed the
door. A beefy dock laborer ripped out
an oath of amazement, and clattered
from the bar to tell his friends that
“one o’ them blighted, Weedin’ kings
wTas in the Jolly Mermaid, large as life,
so ’elp me!”

  That brace of exiled mariners, Cap-
tain O’Shea and Johnny Kent, gazed
blankly at each other, and, being sea-
soned persons of wide experience, tao

itly agreed to wait and try to fathom
the riddle. They had dealt with presi-
dents of uneasy republics near the
equator, and had violently interfered in
affairs of state; but a real king, to be
surveye4 at close range, was a fascinat-
ing novelty.

  Johnny Kent had carefully adjusted
his spectacles to his nose to survey this
rare spectacle, and he now shoved them
up beyond his bushy brows before he
hoarsely confided to his comrade:

  “I thought they went about disguised,
Cap’n Mike, same as we run a block-
ade with no lights and the steamer's
name boards covered up. Is he the real
king, or is it just play actin’?”

  “Europe is full of kings that have
been kicked out of their berths,” an-
swered O’Shea. “Maybe this one is a
has-been, but he doesn’t look to me
like a counterfeit. And I would not set
him down for a lunatic out for a stroll
with his keeper.”

  “He handles himself as sane as you
or me,” agreed the chief engineer. “But
this is surely a dog-goned queer place
to find a stray king.”

  “ ’Tis worth watching, Johnny. I’m
on my beam ends for puzzlement.”

  Ere long there appeared from the
street a bow-legged, barrel-chested,
hairy-fisted man with a rolling gait,
whom a landlubber might have classi-
fied as a rough and hearty British sea-
man accustomed to command vessels
in the merchant trade. A captious
critic would have, perhaps, surmised
that he had been pickled in rum as well
as in brine. Glancing at a card held
between a grimy thumb and finger, he
asked the barmaid:

  “Is Baron Frederick Martin Stroth-
ers hereabouts, my girl? Captain
Handy’s compliments.”

  “If you mean the dashin’ young man
with the red weskit, ’e is settin’ in yon-
der with his majesty.”

  “Right you are!” exclaimed Captain
Handy. “My business with his maj-
esty, but the baron has charge of the
arrangements as minister of finance. A
nipper of Scotch whisky, neat, miss,
before I talk to ’em.”

  “What sort of a king is ’e, and what’s
THE KING AN<D CAPTAIN O'SHEA

95

his bloomin’ handle?” she eagerly be-
sought him. “Are you makin’ gyme of
me?”

  The hearty British shipmaster looked
inscrutable, tossed the whisky into his
heated coppers, and slowly assured her:
“Women’s curiosity is the fatal
weakness of the sex, my dear. A king
is a king wherever you find him. And
my advice to you is not to go bragging
about and telling all hands that his
majesty has patronized the Jolly Mer-
maid.”

  He trudged to the rear room, hat in
hand, and timidly knocked on the door.
As it opened, the quick ear of Captain
O’Shea heard the mysterious person-
age saying to the brisk young man:

  “A steamer of the tonnage of this
Tyneshire Glen is what I wish. If your
investigation has satisfied you that she
is thoroughly seaworthy, and in good
repair, and Captain Handy also recom-
mends her-”

  The door closed behind Captain
Handy; and O’Shea, glancing in that
direction, smiled cynically, and observed
to Johnny Kent:

  “Did you size him up? You know
the kind. Every big port has them—
broken shipmasters, disrated mates,
beach combers that aren’t fit to take a
scow to sea.”

  “Sure! They’ve borrowed money off
me from Baltimore to Singapore. As
long as they can find a decent suit of
clothes and the price of a shave, they’ll
throw bluffs at anybody that will listen
to ’em. This Captain Handy must have
sighted an easy mark in the offing.”
O’Shea pondered for a moment, and
asked:

  “Did ye hear mention of the Tyne-
shire Glen steamer just now? Do you
happen to know the vessel ? I can’t
place her.”

  Johnny Kent grunted as if he had sat
upon a tack, and answered with heated
emphasis:

  “Maybe it’s the old Tyneshire Glen
that was carryin’ cotton out of Savan-
nah years ago. I went aboard to see
her chief once, and her plates was rust-
ed so thin that I could have thrown a
wrench through ’em.”

  Captain Handy had left the, door of
the back room unlatched, and a gusty
draft of sea breeze blew it partly open.
The watchful pair in the taproom had
a glimpse of Captain Handy standing
stolidly between his majesty and the
minister of finance, and heard him
huskily declaim:

  “The Tyneshire Glen is a bargain at
thirty thousand pounds—and you
needn’t take my word for it. Baron
Strothers here has interviewed the
brokers that have her for sale, and he
knows the price they put on her. And
they won’t take a penny less/’

  “I have full confidence in the judg-
ment of my minister of finance, with
Captain Handy’s expert opinion to as-
sist him,” easily replied his majesty.

  “Most of my papers were lost at
sea,” hastily put in Captain Handy, as
if to forestall an awkward question.
“They were tied up in a packet, your
royal ’ighness, when the Falls of Clyde
steamer went down, and I saved the
lives of forty-seven passengers, and
was the last man to leave her when
she foundered under my feet. The
newspapers praised me so that a mod-
est man ’u’d blush to repeat it.”

  “Baron Strothers has examined your
record, so he informs me, and advises
me that you are to be depended upon,”
was the warm assurance.

  In the taproom, O’Shea chuckled
skeptically, and said to Johnny Kent:

  “ ’Tis likely enough he lost his pa-
pers, but I mistrust his version of the
story. What kind of a flimflam is this,
anyhow ? The king and the minister
of finance are discussing a rotten ship
and a rotten skipper as if the both of
them were to be taken seriously.”

After more conversation which the
listeners failed to catch, the trio in the
back room ended the session, and pre-
pared to leave the tavern. As they
walked out past the bar. Captain Handy
was arguing with awrkward gestures,
the elderly personage was listening
courteously, and the brisk young man
was alertly keeping an eye on both, as
if he had an absorbing interest in the
interview. In front of the tavern they
parted, Captain Handy to turn in the
96

THE VOVULACR MAGAZINE

direction of the East India Docks, the
puzzling pair of notables to seek the
railroad station.

  Upon O’Shea and Johnny Kent there
fell a prolonged spell of silence. Each
was piecing theories together, and dis-
carding them as unsatisfactory. They
were uncommonly shrewd men of their
kind, but in this instance conjecture
wras all adrift. Of one thing they were
convinced: This royal visitation had
not been an elaborate hoax, and the ex-
planation of lunacy was finally and em-
phatically dismissed.

  “ ’Tis no case of barnacles on the in-
tellect,” was the verdict of O’Shea,
“barring the fact that he ought to have
more sense than to listen to the palaver
of a rascal like this Captain Handy.
Why didn’t we think to follow them
up and see where they went?”

  “I’m too short-winded to make a
good sleuthhound, Cap’n Mike, and it
ain’t dignified for a man of my years.”
“Well, then, who is this Captain
Handy?” demanded O’Shea. “We’ll
try another tack.”

  He questioned the barmaid, who was
disappointing.

  “He never showed hisself in ’ere be-
fore,” said she. “You’re more likely
to find out about ’im at the docks.”
“Say, Cap’n Mike,” exclaimed
Johnny Kent, with puckered brow,
“ain’t there some kind of a book writ-
ten about kings, their habits and their
names, and the various breeds of ’em?
And where you’re most apt to find ’em ?
Do they generally run around loose ?”
“I’m not personally acquainted with
a whole lot of them, Johnny, but as a
rule ’tis safe to bet they don’t come
wandering into sailors’ taverns con-
voyed by the minister of finance.”

CHAPTER II.

  A ROYAL VICTIM OF LAND SHARKS.

  Next morning they carefully scruti-
nized the “Court Circular” of the Lon-
don Times, and were more at sea than
ever at discovering that the only visit-
ing royalty comprised an unimportant
cousin of the house of Hanover from

  a German duchy, and the dusky ruler
of a native state of India. That a full-
fledged king and a -minister of his cabi-
net, both indubitably Englishmen, could
be strolling about London unnoticed by
the newspapers, and unknown to the
public, was fairly incredible; and yet
no mention could anywhere be found of
the illustrious patrons of the Jolly Mer-
maid, although O’Shea bought the
morning journals by the fistful. For
the present they had to set aside the
episode as prodigiously odd and inex-
plicable.

  O’Shea took it in his head to pay a
call at a ship brokers’ office down in
Leadenhall Street, and Johnny Kent
rode with him on top of a bus. They
had made the acquaintance of the man-
aging partner of the .firm under the
palms of a Venezuelan seaport, and he
had cherished a strong friendship for
this pair of adventurous rovers. He
was anxious to find a ship for O’Shea,
and the latter dropped in now and then
in search of news.

  The comrades twain were about to
dodge through the traffic of Leaden-
hall Street and enter the office of their
friend, when O’Shea plucked Johnny
Kent by the sleeve and pulled him back
into an adjacent doorway. A brisk,
sandy-haired young man was also
doubling among the stream of vehicles
which roared from curb to curb, and
aiming his course for the ship brokers’
office.

  “ ’Tis the minister of finance,
Johnny,” cautiously spoke O’Shea.
“Look at him. There he goes, right
into Tavistock & Huntley’s, the same
destination as ours.”

  “Why not go in and meet him?
Maybe George Huntley will introduce
us, and we can slip in a few questions.”

  “Because I do not like this sprightly
right bower of royalty, Johnny. I took
a violent dislike to the Baron Frederick
Martin Strothers at first sight. And
my hunches about people are worth
heeding when they take hold of me as
strong as this one did.”

  From their strategic place of obser-
vation, they waited while O’Shea came
to the conclusion that the brisk young
THE KING AN<D CAPTAIN O'SHEA

97

man would bear a deal of watching.
Flanking them, and across the narrow
street, were the offices of steamship
lines sailing to every part of the watery
globe, the windows emblazoned with
the house flags and names of companies
familiar to the ports of the Orient,
Australasia, and South America. This
stretch of old Leadenhall Street, down
in the quaint, labyrinthian City, was
one of the cosmopolitan four corners
of civilization. Surely with all these
fleets of steamers whose business was
dispatched in the low gray buildings,
there was one that needed as skilled
and resourceful men as Captain O’Shea
and Johnny Kent. These gentlemen of
fortune thought otherwise, however,
and took little interest in the companies
whose ships voyaged over the regular,
orderly routes of traffic.

  They surmised that the brisk young
man with the red waistcoat must have
business to transact with Tavistock &
Huntley, for he remained inside for a
good half hour. Then . the watchers
caught no more than a farewell glimpse
of him as he hastily emerged and
popped into a passing hansom. There-
upon they sauntered into the ship brok-
ers’ office, and were cordially greeted
by George Huntley, managing partner,
a stocky, bald-headed person with mut-
ton-chop whiskers, who looked as sub-
stantial as a brick house. The spirit of
romance was in him, however, and he
secretly envied O’Shea his illogical pur-
suit of hazards for sheer love of them.

  Steering them into a small private
room, he plumped himself into the chair
at the desk, waved them to a leather-
covered lounge, and inquired, with
much gusto:

 “And how are my disreputable
friends this morning? Anything in the
wind?”

  “ ’Tis still blowing a dead calm for
us, but the weather is suspicious in one
quarter of the compass,” answered
O’Shea, who was never one to beat
about the bush. “Tell me, George,
what do you. know about the young
man that just now whisked out of here
—the fancy lad with the loud vest and
the high-steppin’ manner? If it is not

<7A

 meddling with your private affairs, I
 should like to get a line on him.”
 Huntley tilted his chair, clasped his
 hands across a comfortable waistband,
 and replied, in his deliberate way:

   “I have laid eyes on him only twice.
 His name is Strothers, I believe, and he
 calls himself a' baron. One of those
 Continental titles, I fancy. This day
 of last week he came into our place
 with Captain Handy, who used to sail
 in the Blue Anchor service.”

   “Got in trouble with his owners,
 didn’t he?” interrupted O’Shea at a
 guess.

 ' “Yes. He lost a steamer in the Bay
 of Biscay, and the evidence went to
 show that he was drunk at the time.
 His certificate was taken away or sus-
 pended. I forget the details. He has
 had no ship since then. A rather
 shabby lot is Handy. As I was about
 to tell you, O’Shea, the pair of them
 —Captain Handy and this spruce
 young man, Strothers—came in to ask
 our cash selling price for the Tyne shire
 Glen, which is laid up in the East India
 Docks. We have no interest in the ves-
 sel beyond representing the owners,
 who want to get rid of her.”

   “And did you give the precious pair
 - of two-spots a price on her ?” blandly
 inquired O’Shea, as pleased as a kitten
 with a saucer of cream. He was fitting
 together a few pieces of the puzzle,
 and felt confident that they were about
 to dovetail very neatly.

   “I offered them the Tyneshire Glen
 for twenty-four thousand pounds as
 she stands,” replied Huntley. “It’s all
 she’s worth. She is a big steamer, al-
 most five thousand tons, but she will
 need a lot of repairs. Captain Handy
 claimed that he had found a possible
 buyer in whose interests young Stroth-
 ers was acting. Of course, we were
 willing to pay Handy a decent commis-
 sion if the deal went through.”

   O’Shea looked sidewise at Johnny
 Kent, who on occasions was bright
 enough to see through a hole in a grind-
 stone. They kept their thoughts to
 themselves, and O’Shea commented
 noncommittally:

   “Of course Captain Handy is entitled.
98

THE cPOcPULAcR MAGAZINE

to a commission if he finds you a cus-
tomer for the steamer, George. ’Tis
an honest chance for the poor devil to
pick up a few dollars. And so the
young man—Strothers—came back this
morning? Do I show too much cu-
riosity in asking what he had to say?”
“You are welcome to all I know. He
told m<; that the gentleman whose inter-
ests he represented had inspected the
Tyneshire Glen yesterday, and thought
she would answer his purpose. The
price was satisfactory, and he would
like a three days’ option, which I was
very willing to give him.”

  “And the price was still twenty-four
thousand pounds ?” violently put in
Johnny Kent, with a snort as if his
steam were rising.

  “Precisely twenty-four thousand
pounds, or one hundred and twenty
thousand dollars of your Yankee cur-
rency, or thereabouts. Are you think-
ing of buying her yourself, Johnny?”
said Huntley, with a broad smile.

  “God forbid!” was the fervent re-
sponse. “I’d be afraid to sneeze on
board of her in the docks for fear her
rivets would fly ofif.”

  “Oh, she isn’t as bad as all that. A
well-built steamer is the Tyneshire
Glen, with lots of service in her.”
“What she needs is a new hull, boil-
ers, and engines,” grunted Johnny.
“Say, George Huntley, did this young
man Strothers mention anything about
buyin’ the steamer for a king that is
roamin’ around London without any

tag to him-”

  “A king!” ejaculated the ship broker,
blinking like an astonished owl. “Are
you chaps ragging me?”

  “No. Maybe the joke is on us, or
else this English bitter beer ain’t agree-
in’ with us, and Cap’n Mike and me
have been seein’ visions and hearin’
things that ain’t so.”

  Huntley cast an appealing glance at
O’Shea, who said:,

  “ ’Tis evident that you are not ac-
quainted with our particular king,
George. You do not move in royal
circles. You are not in our class. We
will tell you about it later. About this

young man that calls himself a baron
—did he leave any address behind
him ?”

  “Yes. He is staying at the Carleton,
but I shall have no occasion to com-
municate with him. If the option ex-
pires I shall take it for granted that
he doesn’t want the steamer. If he
pays down the cash I shall be ready to
make out the papers and give Captain
Handy his commission. Now you
ought to tell me why you are so keen
on knowing all about the business. If
you refuse to explain, you are a worth-
less pair of blighters, and no friends of
mine.”

  O’Shea hauled Johnny Kent to his
feet, and remarked:

  “We thank you kindly, George. You
are a good-natured man, and we have
made nuisances of ourselves. ’Tis the
honest truth that we know very little
more about this young man and the
Tyneshire Glen than ye know yourself.
But what we do know we will first in-
vestigate.”

  “You are conspirators born and
bred,” laughed Huntley, rather pleased
to have what seemed an ordinary busi-
ness transaction wrapped in romantic
mystery. “Come and dine with me as
soon as you have unraveled the plot.”

  They agreed to this, and straightway
betook themselves to the nearest pub-
lic house, where in a quiet corner a
council of war was convened. Lengthy
exposition of the facts was unneces-
sary. It was obvious that they had run
athwart a scheme to defraud the con-
fiding purchaser of the Tyneshire Glen.
And their sympathies went out strong-
ly to the royal victim. Whether or not
he was a real king was beside the mark.
He was very much the gentleman, and
he had trusted too much in the loyalty
and integrity of that enterprising young
man who was called the minister of
finance.

  “ ’Tis as plain as the big nose on that
red face of yours, Johnny,” exclaimed
O’Shea. “The two crooks are standing
in together. Captain Handy recom-
mends the ship as all right. This Baron
Frederick Martin Strothers backs him
up, and advised his majesty to buy her.
THE KING AN<D CAPTAIN O’SHEA

99

The two blackguards get a price of
twenty-four thousand pounds from
George Huntley, and they tell this in-
nocent potentate that the price is thirty
thousand pounds. The difference is six
thousand pounds, thirty thousand dol-
lars, which this pair of land sharks
will split up and stick in their own
pockets. And they will doctor the bill
of sale so the poor, deluded monarch
will never know what happened to
him.”

  “That was what we heard ’em say in
the Jolly Mermaid, Cap’n Mike. The
price was thirty thousand pounds. And
these Britishers call us a nation of Yan-
kee grafters!”

  “ ’Tis my opinion that a minister of
finance like this one could bankrupt a
kingdom, give him time enough,” said
O’Shea. “He is working the game for
all it’s worth. He will loot the treas-
ury as long as it looks safe and easy,
and then he will resign his what-do-ye-
call-it—his portfolio—and leave his
bunkoed majesty to figure out the defi-
cit.”

  "That poor king deserves to be de-
livered from his lovin’ friends,” replied
Johnny Kent, “or he’ll have to hock the
crown jewels to pay for his board and
washin’. What’s the orders now ?”
“We will ring up full speed ahead,
and find this king. If the minister
of finance is at the Carleton Hotel, ’tis
a good bet that his majesty is not far
away. That busy young man will not
separate himself from a good thing.”

CHAPTER III.

THE BARON INTERVENES.

  The fashionable Carleton was unfa-
miliar territory to the inquisitive mari-
ners, but they strolled boldly through
the corridors until they fetched tip in
front of a desk presided over by an
immaculate clerk with a languid man-
ner, who coldly regarded them, and ap-
peared indifferent to their wants.
After waiting for several minutes for
some recognition, Captain Michael
O’Shea sweetly remarked:

  “Will ye answer a civil question, or

will I climb over the counter and jolt
you wTide awake?”

  The languid person looked attentive-
ly at the resolute features and master-
ful eye of the speaker, and hastily re-
sponded :

  “Beg pardon—beg pardon—what can
I do for you, sir?”

  “Tell me if a king is stopping in this
hotel of yours, and does he have a min-
ister of finance called Baron Stroth-
ers ?”

  “Ah, you mean his majesty, King Os-
mond of Trinadaro.” And the clerk
delivered these resounding syllables
with unction., “Yes, he is a guest of
the hotel.”

  “He is a real one—do you get that ?”
soberly whispered O’Shea to his com-
rade before he again addressed the
clerk:

  “We wish to see him on important
business. We will write our names on
a card.”

  “Baron Strothers receives such call-
ers as are personally unknown to his
majesty,” the clerk explained.

  “We don’t .wish to see the young
man,” said O’Shea.

  “My orders are to send all cards and
messages to him.”

  The two visitors drew apart from
the desk, and put their heads together.

  “The minister of finance will not let
us get within a cable’s length of his
boss if he thinks we are seafaring
men,” whispered O’Shea.

  “The swindler may have took notice
of us in the Jolly Mermaid,” growled
Johnny Kent. “We might send up a
card, and make headway as far as this
Strothers person. Then I could knock
him down, and sit on his head while
you rummaged the royal apartments
and found'the king.”

  “Your methods might strike these
hotel people as violent, Johnny. You’re
a good man at sea, but I would not call
ye a diplomat. Anyhow, we will take
a chance on running the blockade that
this crooked minister of finance has
established to prevent honest men from
talking to his employer.”

  Returning to the desk, O’Shea picked
up a pen, and wrote on a blank card:
100

THE <POPULA<R MAGAZINE

  Captain Michael O’Shea and John Kent,
Esq., U. S. A., to see King Osmond on a
matter that he will rind interesting.

  Promptly in answer to this message
came word that Baron Strothers would
see the gentlemen. A hotel attendant
conducted them to a suite of rooms on
the second floor which must have cost
the royal treasury a pretty penny. At
the threshold of a sort of anteroom
they were met by the brisk, self-pos-
sessed young man, who gazed sharply
at the sturdy, sunburned strangers, hes-
itated a trifle, and invited them to en-
ter. Offering them cigars, he bade
them be seated, and again scrutinized
them, as if striving to recall where he
might have seen them before.

  Captain O’Shea, at his ease in any
company or circumstances, and particu-
larly now when he held the whip hand,
asked at once:

  ‘‘Are we to have the pleasure of pay-
ing our respects to his majesty?”

  “You Americans are so jolly infor-
mal,” smiled the minister of finance.
“This sort of thing is done only by
special appointment. An audience is
arranged beforehand if I consider it
worth while.”

  “But this king of yours takes a spe-
cial interest in ships and sailors/’ sug-
gested O’Shea. “And we have infor-
mation that he will find useful.”

  Baron Frederick Martin Strothers
changed color just a trifle, and his man-
ner was perceptibly uneasy as he ex-
plained :

  “I am awfully sorry, but he is not
in at present. He will be disappointed,
I’m sure. You are shipmasters or
something of the sort, I take it.”

  “You guess right,” was the dry com-
ment of O’Shea. “I have heard that
you are fond of talking to seafaring
men yourself.”

  The shot went home. The young
man moved in his chair, and looked
painfully uncomfortable. Nervously
twisting a cigar in his fingers, he re-
plied :

“Ah, yes, now I know! You must
have seen me at the East India Docks.”
“There or thereabouts; but no mat-
ter,” said O’Shea. “His majesty is not

in, you say. And when will he be in
the hotel again?”

  “Not for several hours, I fancy. He
went out with the minister of foreign
affairs to keep an important appoint-
ment. Will you state your business to
me? That is the customary procedure,
you know.”

  Johnny Kent was for denouncing the
young man to his face in a vocabulary
well stored with brimstone; but O’Shea
nudged him, and smoothly made an-
swer :

  “It would please us better to see the
king himself. We will come again, or
we can look for him on his way in and
out of the hotel.”

  The young man could not dissemble
signs of impatience to be rid of these
pertinacious intruders.

  “If you have a ship to sell, or you
are looking for positions, this is only
wasting time,” said he. “I presume
you heard something of our errand
among the docks.”

  “Yes, we have heard of it.” And
O’Shea bit off the words. “Well,
Johnny, shall we go below and wait till
his majesty heaves in sight? This min-
ister of finance will give us no satis-
faction. And I am not used to dealing
with understrappers.”

  “You are impertinent!” cried the
young man. “I have been as courteous
as possible. You will leave at once,
or I shall ask the hotel management to
put you out.”

  Up from a chair rose the massive
bulk of Johnny Kent, and his ample
countenance was truculent as he roared,
in a voice like a gale of wind:

  “You’ll throw us out, you pin-headed,
half-baked, impudent son of a sea
cook ? No, Cap’n Mike, I won’t shut
up. I ain’t built that way. Diplomacy
be dog-goned! I’m liable to lose my
temper!”

  “ ’Tis a large-sized temper to lose,
and I hereby hoist storm signals,” said
O’Shea, with a grin, as he neatly tripped
the minister of finance, who was en-
deavoring to reach an electric push but-
ton and summon the police.

  The fervid declamation of Johnny
Kent must have echoed through the
THE KING AN® CAPTAIN O’SHEA

IOI

apartments. It sufficed to attract the
notice of a spare, erect, elderly gentle-
man in another room, who opened a
door and stared curiously at the stren-
uous tableau. At sight of the kindly,
refined face with the snowy mustache
and imperial, O'Shea gleefully shouted:
“The king—God bless him! So this
bright young minister of finance was
a liar as well as a thief!”

  Comically abashed, Johnny Kent
mumbled an apology for making such
an uproar, at which the elderly gentle-
man bowed acknowledgment, and said
to the perturbed and rumpled Stroth-
ers :

  “My dear baron, will you be good
enough to explain?’’

  “These ruffians insisted on seeing
you, and when I tried to discover their
business they called me names and as-
saulted me,” sputtered the young man,
in a heat of virtuous indignation. “I
was about to have them ejected.”

  “He was afraid of the truth,’’ cried
O’Shea. “We came to tell your majesty
that he has cooked up a job to cheat
ye out of six thousand pounds, and
we can prove it up to the hilt. We
caught him with the goods.”

  “That sounds a whole lot better to me
than diplomacy,” approvingly exclaimed
Johnny Kent.

  Bewildered by the vehemence of
these outspoken visitors, King Osmond
I. of Trinadaro turned to the sullen
minister of finance, and inquired, still
with his sweet kindliness of manner:
“These men do not look like ruffians,
my dear baron. They impress me as
having more than ordinary intelligence
and force of character. Wrhat are their
names, and who are they ? And what
is the meaning of this grave charge
they bring against your integrity?”

  “I am O’Shea, shipmaster, hailing
from the port of New York,” spoke
up the one.

  “I am Johnny Kent, chief engineer
to Captain Mike O’Shea,” said the
other, “and I hail from the State o’
Maine. And we can show you our
papers. IVe didn’t lose ’em in the Bay
of Biscay.”

  Strothers stood biting his nails and

shifting from one foot to the other,
for once stripped of his adroit, plausible
demeanor; hor could he find, on the
spur of the moment, the right word to
say. The royal personage said it for
him:

  “I think you had better retire. I
wish to hear what Captain O’Shea and
Mr. Kent may have to say to me.”

  The amiable monarch was uncon-
sciously swayed by the virile personal-
ity of O’Shea, who dominated the scene
as if he wTere on the deck of his own
ship.

  Baron Frederick Martin Strothers
made a last attempt to protest, but
Johnny Kent glared at him so wickedly,
and O’Shea moved a step nearer writh
so icy a glint in his gray eye, that there
was a moment later a vanished minis-
ter of finance.

CHAPTER IV.

OPENING THE KING’S EYES.

  The etiquette of courts troubled
O’Shea not in the least as he cheerily
yet respectfully suggested to the per-
plexed elderly gentleman:

  “Now, King Osmond, if you will
please sit down and let us talk things
over with ye as man to man, we’ll tell
you how it happened.”

  The personage obediently did as he
was told; nor could he feel offended by
the shipmaster’s boyish candor. O’Shea
chewed on his cigar, and his eyes twin-
kled as he glanced at the stubborn vis-
age of Johnny Kent, which was still
flushed and stormy. His majesty began
to get his wits together, and to wonder
why he had permitted this brace of
total strangers to take him by storm.
O’Shea broke into his cogitations by
explaining:

  “You are surprised that you chucked
thff trusted minister of finance out of
the room and consented to listen to us
at all. In the first place, we are not
asking anything of you. Wrhat I mean
is, we felt bound to put you next to
the dirty deal that was framed up to
rob ye.”

  “We saw you in the Jolly Mermaid
102

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

tavern, and we liked your looks,” in-
genuously added Johnny Kent. “We
decided to do you a good turn whether
we ever saw the color of your money
or not.”

  “And we didn’t like the cut of the
jib of your minister of finance,” re-
sumed O’Shea. “And we were dead
sure that Captain Handy was rotten.”
King Osmond earnestly interrupted:
“But I have had all the confidence in
the world in Baron Strothers; and as
a British sailor of the tarry breed, Cap-
tain Handy-”

  “The two of them are tarred with
the same brush,” exclaimed O’Shea.
“They fixed it up between them to pay
twenty-four thousand pounds for the
Tyneshire Glen, and sell her to you for
thirty thousand. ’Tis a simple matter
to produce the evidence. Send a mes-
senger to Tavistock & Huntley, in
Leadenhall Street. The magging part-
ner will be glad to come here at once.
He named the price to Captain Handy
and your precious minister of finance.
’Tis a clear case.”

  “You can buy her yourself from
George Huntley, and he’ll be darn glad
to get his price,” chimed in Johnny
Kent. “That ought to prove it. But
if you’ll listen to me you’ll have noth-
in’ to do with the Tyneshire Glen”
The faith of King Osmond in hu-
man nature had been severely jarred,
but somehow he could not doubt the
statements of these headstrong, rugged
men, who drove their words home as
with a sledge hammer. Toward the
graceless minister of finance he felt
more sorrow than anger as he wove
together in his mind this and that cir-
cumstance of previous transactions
which should have made him more vigi-
lant. But the culprit was the son of
a dear friend, and his credentials had
been impeccable. The king had become
fond of him.

  “I shall obtain from Tavistock &
Huntley confirmation of your story, as
you suggest,” he slowly replied to
O’Shea. “In the meantime, I wish you
would tell me about yourselves.”

  “Wre are looking for big risks and

big wages,” said O’Shea, with a smile.
“Johnny Kent and I are better known
in the ports of the Spanish Main than
in London River. We have made voy-
ages to Haiti and Honduras and Cuba
without the consent of the lawful gov-
ernments, and we know our trade.”

  King Osmond reflectively stroked his
white imperial, and his face assumed
an expression of vivid interest. These
men were different from Captain
Handy. They would neither cringe nor
lie to him, and they looked him squarely
between the eyes. He desired to draw
them out, to let them talk at their lei-
sure.

  “Will you be good enough to come
into my own rooms?” said he. “We
shall find more privacy and comfort.
I should like to hear of your adventures
along the Spanish Main.”

  With a courteous gesture, he showed
them into a much larger and more luxu-
rious room, which was furnished and
used as a library or private office, inas-
much as a large, flat-topped desk was
strewn with books, pamphlets, and doc-
uments, and many more of them were
piled on tables and on shelves against
the walls. As a temporary headquar-
ters for royalty at work, the room sug-
gested industry and the administration
of large affairs.

  So friendly and unconventional was
the reception granted them that Cap-
tain O’Shea and Johnny Kent were
made to feel that their intrusion de-
manded no more explanations or apol-
ogies. Their curiosity fairly tormented
them. It was on the tips of their
tongues to ask the host what kind of
a kingdom was his, and where it was
situated; but this would be rudeness.
O’Shea took note of several admiralty
charts on the desk, two of them un-
rolled, with the corners pinned down,
and a rule and dividers for measuring
distances.

  King Osmond, sympathetic and tact-
ful, encouraged O’Shea to spin the yarn
of his latest voyage—of a contraband
cargo of arms, a steamer that fought
her way clear of the enemy and all
but foundered before she was beached
and abandoned on a lonely coral key.
THE KING AN<D CAPTAIN O’SHEA

103

  While O’Shea was telling the story,
Johnny Kent let his eyes wander to a
small table at his elbow. It was cov-
ered with magazines, government re-
ports, and newspaper clippings. One
of the latter was so placed that he
could read it from where he sat, and
with absorbed interest he perused the
following paragraphs:

  Colonel Osmond George Sydenham-Leach,
of the ancient Norfolk family, has lived on
the Continent for the last dozen years, and
is better known to the boulevards of Paris
than to London. _ He was never considered
eccentric until quite recently, when his claim
to the island of Trinadaro, in the South
Atlantic, as a sovereign realm aroused much
interest and amusement. He has assumed
the title of King Osmond I.

  It is said that he has created an order of
nobility, and that the Insignia of the Grand
Cross of Trinadaro has been bestowed upon
the fortunate gentlemen comprising his cabi-
net and circle of advisers. A court circu-
lar is expected to appear shortly, and a diplo-
matic service will be organized.

  Until his majesty is ready to sail for Trina-
daro to occupy his principality, the royal en-
tourage will be found in the state apartments
of the Hotel Carleton. Elaborate prepara-
tions are in progress for colonizing the island
of Trinadaro, and a shipload of people and
material will leave London in a few weeks.

  King Osmond the First has a very large
fortune. He is unmarried, and his estates,
at his death, will pass to the children of his
only brother, Sir Wilfred Sydenham-Leach,
of Haselton-on-Trent. The kinfolk of his
majesty are alarmed, so it is reliably reported,
lest his wealth will be squandered on this
curiously medieval conception of setting up
an independent principality upon an unpro-
ductive. volcanic island in mid-ocean which
no nation has taken the trouble to annex.

  Slowly and carefully Johnny Kent
waded through this information, with
never a flicker of a smile. His face
was enjoyably absorbed. The solution
of the mystery of King Osmond I. im-
pressed him as neither grotesque nor
curiously medieval. The blustering,
simple-hearted chief engineer was in
his own way a dreamer of dreams, a
follower of visions, although he as-
sumed that he had linked himself with
the troubled fortunes of Captain Mike
O’Shea merely for the sake of double
wages and a bonus at the end of the
voyage. In all London the King of
Trinadaro could not have found two

men of readier mind to fall in with his
project and his pretensions than these.
To play at being a king on a desert
island, to have the means to make it
all come true—why, thought Johnny
Kent, and *he knew O’Shea would in-
stantly agree with him, every living
man with the spirit of youth in him
would jump at the chance.

  He was anxious to pass the tidings
on to O’Shea, and when the conver-
sation slackened he edged in, with an
excited flourish of his fist:

  “We must be on our way, Cap’n
Mike. His majesty is good-hearted to
listen to us, but it ain’t polite to talk
his ear off.”

  W'ith this speech went so eloquent
a wink that O’Shea comprehended that
the engineer had something up his
sleeve. Their host cordially declared
that he must see them again, and made
an appointment for ten o’clock of the
next forenoon. They took their de-
parture after friendly farewells, and
steered a course for Blackwall and the
haven of the Jolly Mermaid.

  O’Shea was as delighted as a boy to
learn that King Osmond was about to
found an island kingdom. It was a
more attractive revelation thati if he
had been discovered to be the inconse-
quential ruler of some effete little do-
main of Europe. And if one planned
to set himself up in business as a
sovereign it was proper to use all the
pomp and trappings and ceremony that
belonged with the game. O’Shea was
heart and soul in sympathy with the
dreams and plans of the gentle elderly
eccentric who had the imagination to
play the part with scrupulous attention
to detail.

  “If he is to have a navy,” cried
O’Shea as he pounded his comrade on
the back, “I know where he can find
an admiral and a fleet engineer.”

  “Not so fast, Cap’n Mike. I have
a notion that he’ll have his own trou-
bles gettin’ to his kingdom. Any man
that can be bunkoed as easy as he was
is liable to have all his playthings took
away from him before he has a chance
to use ’em. I’ll feel safer about him
when he gets clear of London River.”
104	THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

CHAPTER V.

THE POTENTIAL LAWBREAKER.

  Before seeking the royal audience
next morning, they went to Leadenhall
Street to see George Huntley. The ship
broker greeted them indignantly.

  “You would try to hoodwink me,
would you ?” exclaimed he. “I have
found out who your mysterious king
is. I received a letter from him last
night, asking information about the
price of the Tyneshire Glen. By Jove,
I had no idea it was this crazy Colonel
Sydenham-Leach, who calls himself
ruler of Trinadaro.”

  “Own up like a man, George,” shout-
ed O’Shea. “You would like nothing
better than to be this kind of a king
yourself.”

  The stolid-looking ship broker
laughed, and confessed:

  “You have read my thoughts like a
wizard. It would be a jolly lark—
what! But, confound you, you have
spoiled the sale of a steamer for me.
How about that ?”

  “We’ve tried to keep an estimable
king from going to Davy Jones’ locker
in a floating coffin that ye call the Tyne-
shire Glen,” severely retorted O’Shea.
“If he will sign us on as councilors, we
will find him a real ship, and we will
recommend him to deal with you. Have
ye any steamers that will pass honest
men’s inspection?”

  “Plenty of them,” promptly answered
Huntley.

  “Then we will look at two or three
of them after we have paid our re-
spects to his majesty. We’ll not let
him be cheated out of his eyeteeth. We
have decided to protect him. He be-
longs to us. Isn’t that so, Johnny?”
“He needs us bad, Cap’n Mike.”
Huntley became serious, and took
them into the rear office before he con-
fided :

  “I don’t-know, I’m sure, whether you
chaps are joking or not. However, here
is a bit of news for you on the quiet.
I met a friend of mine—a barrister—■
yesterday. We had luncheon at the
Cheshire Cheese, and something or
other set him to talking about this

Sydenham-Leach affair. It seems that
the lawyers are quite keen about it.
The family relations are planning to
kick up a devil of a row, to bring pro-
ceedings under the lunacy act, and pre-
vent this King Osmond from sailing
off to his silly island of Trinadaro.
They hate to see a fortune thrown
away in this mad enterprise, as they
call it.”

  O’Shea was righteously wrathful as
he flung out:

  “The mean-spirited, meddlesome
skunks! Would they interfere with a
gentleman and his diversions? Hasn’t
he a right to spend his money as he
pleases? Have ye ever seen him,
George? He is a grand man to meet,
and ’tis proud we are to be his friends.”

  “Oh, I fancy they will have a job
to prove he is insane,” said Huntley.
“But they may make a pot of trouble
for him.”

  “I suppose they can pester him with
all kinds of legal foolishness, and haul
him before the courts, and so on,”
agreed O’Shea. “It would break his
heart, and spoil all his fun. ’Tis an
outrageous shame, George. What is
the system in this country when they
want to investigate a man’s top story.”

  “I asked the barrister chap,” replied
Huntley. “The friends of the person
suspected of being dotty—generally the
near relatives—lay the case before one
of the judges in lunacy, and he orders
an inquiry, which is held before one
of the masters in lunacy. Then if the
alleged lunatic demands a trial by jury
he gets it. If he can’t convince them
that he is sound in the thinker, then
his estate is put in charge of a com-
mittee duly appointed by law.”

  O’Shea listened glumly, and glowered
his intense displeasure. If the law
could interfere with a man who wished
to be a king on an island which no-
body else wanted, then the law was all
wrong.

  “And these indecent relatives who
want his money will wTait and spring a
surprise on him,” said the aggrieved
shipmaster. “They will take his ship
away from him, and knock all his beau-
tiful schemes into a cocked hat.”
THE KING AN<D CAPTAIN O’SHEA

105

  “I imagine he would not be allowed
to leave England if the proceedings
were started,” said Huntley.

  Johnny Kent, who had been darkly
meditating, aroused himself to shout
explosively:

  “We’ll get him to sea in his ship
whenever he wants to sail, and the
relatives and the judges and the mas-
ters in lunacy be darned. It ain’t the
first time that you and me have broken
laws in a good cause, Cap’n Mike.
You come along with us, George Hunt-
ley. W^e’re on our way to have a con-
fab with his majesty, and maybe you
can do some business with him right
off the reel. He ought to load his ship
and head for blue water as quick as
the Lord will let him. If he’s a luna-
tic, then the most of us is queer.”
“Without bragging about ourselves,
I guess we can take his majesty to sea
whenever he wants to go,” quoth Cap-
tain O’Shea.

CHAPTER VI.

A REGULAR YANKEE TRICK.

  Behold, then, that pair of exiled Yan-
kee mariners, Captain Michael O’Shea
and Johnny Kent, stanchly enlisted on
the side of King Osmond I. of Trina-
daro against the designs of all who
would thwart his gorgeous and imprac-
ticable purposes. That his rank and
title were self-assumed, and his realm
as yet unpeopled, impressed these in-
genuous sailormen as neither shadowy
hor absurd. Their services were at his
disposal. They would cheerfully face
iny risks and obstacles to make that
distant island in the South Atlantic
Ivhat O’Shea called “all shipshape and
ready for the king business.”

  Once they had gained the royal ear,
it was a matter of course that they
should win the royal confidence. King
Osmond I. was an elderly gentleman
of a singularly guileless disposition, and
the notoriety attending his unique proj-
ect had caused him to be surrounded
by persons who knew precisely what
they wanted. Of these the vanished
minister of finance, Baron Frederick

Martin Strothers, of the brisk de-
meanor and the red waistcoat, had been
a conspicuous example.

  It was really a rare piece of good
fortune for the amiable monarch that
there should have come to his aid two
such hard-headed and honest adven-
turers as O’Shea and Johnny Kent.
Their advice concerning things nauti-
cal was eminently sound; besides
which, they were apt to prove a match
for the attempts of the relatives of
King Osmond, formerly known as
Colonel Sydenham-Leach, to prevent
him from sailing away to his distant
principality.

  The result of several conversations
was that O’Shea and Johnny Kent were
engaged to select a steamer for pur-
chase, and to take charge of her for the
voyage to Trinadaro. Their qualifica-
tions were warmly indorsed by the
well-known ship-broking firm of Tavi-
stock & Huntley, of Leadenhall Street.
The managing partner, George Hunt-
ley, that solid man with the mutton-
chop whiskers and the romantic tem-
perament, was delighted with the ar-
rangement, and took a boyish interest
in every detail of the picturesque enter-
prise. It would have been a temptation
not easy to resist if King Osmond had
offered him the place of minister of
marine, with the bestowal of the in-
signia of the Grand Cross of Trina-
daro.

  The august personage was prodigi-
ously busy. Several secretaries and ste-
nographers toiled like mad to handle
the vast amount of clerical work and
correspondence. To establish a ready-
made kingdom from the ground up is
no small task. The king planned to
carry with him a sort of vanguard of
subjects, or colonists, who were to erect
buildings, set up machinery, till the soil,
prospect for mineral wealth, and other-
wise lay the foundations of empire.
These pioneers were largely recruited
from his own estates and villages in
Norfolk, and formed a sturdy company
of British yeomanry.

  Concerning the natural advantages
and resources of Trinadaro as a the-
ater for this drama of royal ambitions
106

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

and activities, the king and Captain Mi-
chael O’Shea became involved in ear-
nest argument. The shipmaster was
never one to- smother his opinions from
motives of flattery or self-interest, and
what information about Trinadaro he
had been about to pick up on his own
account was not dyed in glowing col-
ors.

  “I have not seen the island meself,
your majesty,” said he; “but the ‘Sail-
ing Directions’ set it down as mostly
tall rocks, with a difficult landing place
and a dense population of hungry land
crabs as big as your hat. And if it
was any good would not some one of
these benevolent powers have gobbled
it up long ago?’'

  King Osmond appeared untroubled,
and to such objections as this he pleas-
antly made answer :

  “Several years ago I made a long
voyage in a sailing ship 011 account of
my health, Captain O’Shea, and we
touched at Trinadaro to get turtles and
fresh water. It was then that I con-
ceived the idea of taking possession of
the island as an independent principal-
ity. Although it has a most forbidding
aspect from seaward, there is an inland
plateau fit for cultivation and settle-
ment. It contains the ruined stone
walls of an ancient town founded by
the early Portuguese navigators. And
it is well to remember,” concluded the
monarch of Trinadaro, with a whimsi-
cal smile, “that available domains are
so scarce that one should not be too
particular. Trinadaro appears to have
been overlooked.”

  “ ’Tis the rule that'the Christian na-
tions will steal any territory that isn’t
nailed down,” was the dubious com-
ment of O’Shea. “They must have a
poor opinion of Trinadaro; but, as ye
say, ’tis about the only chance that’s
left for a king to work at his trade
with a brand-new sign over the door.”
Johnny Kent spent most of his time
downriver among the London docks.
Wherever seagoing steamers were for
sale or charter his bulky figure might
have been seen trudging from deck to
engine room. George Huntley showed
him the best vessels the firm had to

offer, but the gray-haired mariner was
bound to do his own investigating, ex-
plaining with brutal candor tC the
friendly ship broker:

  “You’re a nice man, George, and I’m
fond of you, but you ain’t sellin’ ships
for your health, and you can’t help bein’
a mite prejudiced in your own favor.”

  At length, with the royal approval,
O’Shea had-the purchase papers made
out for the fine steamer Tarlington,
which was berthed in a basin of the
East India Docks. She was a modern,
well-equipped freighter of four thou-,
sand tons which had been in the Aus-
tralian trade and could be fitted for sea
at a few days’ notice. The transfer
of ownership was given no needless
publicity. George Huntley attended to
that. He had another interview with
his friend, the barrister, who hinted at
forthcoming events which gravely
threatened the peace and welfare of
Osmond I., the kingdom of Trinadaro,
and the ship in which the ruler, his
court, his colonists, and his cargo were
to sail.

  O’Shea and Johnny Kent discussed
this latest information at supper in the
Jolly Mermaid tavern, with a platter
of fried sole between them.

  “’Tis this way,” explained O’Shea:
“There is no doubt at all that this grand
kijjg of ours will figure in the lunacy
proceedings that we heard was in the
wind. His relatives are getting greed-
ier and more worried every day. And
until the matter is decided one way or
another they will use every means the
law allows to head him off from spend-
ing the good money that belongs to
him.”

  “And how can they stop him from
scatterin’ his coin for these wise and
benevolent purposes of his?” demanded
the engineer.

  “Well, George Huntley says the law
will permit them to clap some kind of
a restraining order on the ship and
hold her in the dock, with the judges’
officers aboard, till the proceedings are
over. And they can serve the same
kind of documents on King Osmond to
prevent his chasing himself beyond the
jurisdiction of the court, says George.”
THE KING AN<D CAPTAIN O’SHEA

107

  “But all this infernal shindy can’t be
started unless there’s proof positive
that his majesty intends to fly the coop,
Cap’n Mike.”

  “Right you are, Johnny, you old sea
lawyer. They can’t bother the king
until he is actually on board, and the
ship is cleared, so the barrister lad tells
George.”

  “Then they’ll be watchin’ the Tar-
ling ton like terriers at a rat hole,” ex-
claimed the engineer.

  “No, they won’t,” cried O’Shea, with
tremendous earnestness. “About once
in so often I have a bright idea, Johnny.
One of them has just now hit me be-
tween the eyes. Do ye mind how we
slipped out of Charleston harbor in the
Hercules steamer, bound on the fili-
busterin’ expedition to Honduras ?
’Twas a successful stratagem, and it
could be done in London River.”

  “Sure it could!” And Johnny Kent
chuckled joyously. “And the king
needn’t know anything about it.”

  “Of course we will keep it from him
if we can,” agreed O’Shea. “I will do
anything short of murder to keep him
happy and undisturbed. And it would
upset him terribly to know that he must
be smuggled out of England to dodge
the rascals that would keep him at
home as a suspected lunatic.”

 “We’d better put George Huntley
next to this proposition of ours,” sug-
gested Johnny. “He itches to he a red-
handed conspirator.”

  The ship broker admired the scheme
w'hen it was explained to him. Yes, the
old Tyneshire Glen, which they had so
scornfully declined to purchase, was
still at her moorings, and they were
welcome to use her as a dummy, or de-
coy, or whatever one might choose to
call it. O’Shea could pretend to load
her; he could send as many people on
board as he liked, and put a gang of
mechanics at work all over the bally old
hooker, said Huntley. If the enemies
of King Osmond took it for granted
that the Tyneshire Glen was the ship
selected to carry him off to Trinadaro,
that was their own lookout. It was a
ripping good joke, and a regular Yan-
kee trick, by Jove!

CHAPTER VII.

PLANNING A COLOSSAL FARCE.

  O’Shea and Johnny Kent took great
care to avoid being seen in the vicinity
of the Tarlington. Such inspection and
supervision as were necessary they con-
trived to attend to after dark. The
king was up to his ears in urgent busi-
ness, and was easily persuaded to leave
the whole conduct of the ship’s affairs
in their capable hands, and to waive
preliminary visits to the East India
Docks.

  O’Shea employed a Scotch engineer
—who wasted no words and understood
that his wages depended on his taci-
turnity—to oversee such repair work
as the Tarlington needed, and to keep
steam in the donkey boilers.

  All signs indicated that the Tarling-
ton was preparing for one of her cus-
tomary voyages to Australia. Soon the
cargo began to stream into her hatches.
The ostensible destinations of the truck-
loads of cases and crates and bales of
merchandise were Sydney, Melbourne,
Wellington, Freemantle, and so on.
One might read the names of the con-
signees neatly stenciled on every pack-
age. This was done under the eye of
Captain O’Shea, who in his time had
loaded hundreds of boxes of rifles and
cartridges innocently labeled “Con-
densed Milk,” “Prime Virginia Hams,”
and “Farming Tools.”

  But the place to find roaring, osten-
tatious activity was on board the old
Tyneshire Glen. Captain O’Shea vis-
ited her daily, and Johnny Kent hus-
tled an engine-room crew with loud
and bitter words. It appeared as if
the ship was in a great hurry to go
to sea. While O’Shea was stirring up
as much pretended industry as possi-
ble, the question of a cargo was not'
overlooked. It was shoved on board
as fast as the longshoremen in the holds
could handle it. Nor did these brawny
toilers know that all these stout wooden
boxes so plainly marked and consigned
to Trinadaro via S. S. Tyneshire Glen
contained only bricks, sand, stones, and
scrap iron.

  They were part of the theatrical
108

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

properties of Captain O’Shea, who
could readily produce a make-believe
cargo for a faked voyage in a steamer
which had no intention of leaving port.

  The London newspapers showed
fresh interest in the schemes and
dreams of King Osmond I. of Trina-
daro. The Tyneshire Glen was visited
by inquisitive journalists with note-
books and cameras. Captain O’Shea
welcomed them right courteously, and
gave them information, cigars, and ex-
cellent whisky. They returned to their
several offices to write breezy columns
about the preparations for the singular
voyage in the Tyneshire Glen. So se-
vere are the English libel laws that
never a hint was printed of the possi-
ble legal obstacles which might bring
the enterprise to naught. For purposes
of publication, King Osmond was as
sane as a trivet unless a judge and jury
should officially declare him ptlierwise.

  Nevertheless, the intimation had
reached the newspaper offices that the
relatives of Colonel Sydenham-Leach
were likely to take steps to prevent him
from leaving England. And reporters
were assigned to watch the Tyneshire
Glen up to the very moment of depar-
ture.

  Now and then Johnny Kent quietly
trundled himself on board the Tarling-
ton, and was gratified to find that prog-
ress was running smoothly in all de-
partments. So nearly ready for sea
was the big cargo boat that the time
had come to devise the final details of
the stratagem.

  Accordingly Captain O’Shea went
boldly to the customhouse, and took out
clearance papers, not for the Tarlington
to Australia, but for the Tyneshire
Glen to the island of Trinadaro. The
chief officer whom he had selected to
go with him held a master’s certificate,
and the ship was cleared in his name.

  As for the Tarlington, which was
really to sail, while the Tyneshire Glen
remained peacefully at her moorings in
the East India Docks, O’Shea decided
to omit the formality of clearances. As
he explained it to Johnny Kent:

  “The less attention that is called to
the Tarlington the better. Once at sea,

we will hoist the flag of Trinadaro over
our ship, and his majesty’s government
will give her a registry and us our cer-
tificates. ’Tis handy to be an independ-
ent sovereign with a merchant marine
of his own.”

  The services of an employment
agency enabled O’Shea to muster sev-
eral score bogus colonists or subjects
of King Osmond, persons of respect-
able appearance, who were glad to earn
ten shillings apiece by marching on
board the Tyneshire Glen with bags and
bundles in their hands. There could
be no room for doubt in the public mind
that the eccentric, grandiose Colonel
Sydenham-Leach was on the point of
leaving his native shores with his peo-
ple and material for founding his island
principality.

  It seemed advisable to Captain
O’Shea to take the Tarlington out of
the docks late in the afternoon, swing
into the river, and anchor until King
Osmond should be brought aboard in a
tug furnished by George Huntley.
There was much less risk of observa-
tion in having the royal passenger join
the ship after nightfall, and away from
the populous docks, in addition to wThich
O’Shea preferred to get clear of the
cramping stone basins and gates, and
hoffl his ship in the fairway, with room
for a speedy departure in the event of
a stern chase.

  He artlessly explained to the king
that this arrangement would allow his
majesty to spend several more hours
ashore in winding up his many final de-
tails of business, and he would avoid
the tedious delay of warping the
steamer out of the docks. The plaus-
ible shipmaster also made it clear that
sailing at night would enable him to
catch the turn of the tide and find high
water over the shoal places in the chan-
nel.

  The unsuspecting monarch approved
these plans, and had no idea that they
were part of an elaborate conspiracy
to smuggle him out of England under
cover of darkness because the authori-
ties intended to detain him as one
whose sanity must be investigated,

  As a final device to throw the enemy
THE KING AN<D CAPTAIN O'SHEA

109

off the scent, O’Shea conceived what
he viewed as a master stroke. George
Huntley was called into consultation,
and promptly sent for a superannuated
clerk of his office staff who had been
pensioned after many years of faithful
service. He proved to be a slender,
white-haired man who carried himself
with a great deal of dignity, and at the
first glimpse of him O’Shea exclaimed
delightedly:

  “You couldn’t have done better,
George, if you had raked London with
a comb. Put a snowy mustache and
chin whisker 011 him, and he will pass
for King Osmond of Trinadaro with
no trouble at all.”

  “I think we can turn him into a
pretty fair counterfeit,” grinned Hunt-
ley. “And when he walks aboard the
Tyneshire Glen at dusk, by Jove, and
all those bogus subjects, at ten shillings
each, raise a loyal cheer, the hoax will
be complete. This is the artistic touch
to make the job perfect.”

  “And what am I to do after that,
Mr. Huntley, if you please?” timidly
inquired the elderly clerk. “If it’s only

a practical joke, I don’t mind-”

 “Play the part, Thompson. Ac-
knowledge the homage of the ship’s
company, and go below at once. The
ship will probably be watched by per-
sons keenly interested in your move-
ments. If they poke a mess of legal
documents at you, accept them without
argument, and walk ashore and return
to London. The meddlesome gents
tvill leave you alone after that. They
ivill merely keep close watch of the ship
to make sure that you don’t go back
to her. Once in London again, pluck
off the false whiskers, and be sure to
come to my office in the morning and
be handsomely rewarded for your ex-
ertions.”

CHAPTER VIII.

ONE KING SHY.

  The genuine colonists of King Os-
mond stole on board the Tarlington,
singly and by twos and threes, soifie
before she pulled out of the docks,
others by boat after she swung into

the stream. At the same time the imi-
tation voyagers from the employment
agency were making as much noise and
bustle as possible as they trooped on
board the Tyneshire Glen.

  Captain O’Shea intended to convoy
the king from the hotel to the Tarling-
ton, but at the last moment he was de-
tained to quell a ruction among a group
of drunken firemen in the forecastle.
George Huntley had been unexpectedly
summoned to the Hotel Cecil to see an
American millionaire who was in a
great hurry to charter a yacht. O’Shea
therefore sent a message to his maj-
esty, directing him to have his carriage
driven to a certain landing on the river
front of the East India Docks, where
he would be met by the chief officer of
the Tarlington and escorted aboard the
ship.

  Within the same hour the dignified
elderly clerk by the name of Thompson
could have been seen to enter a car-
riage close by the Hotel Carleton, and
those standing near might have heard
him tell the driver to go to the steamer
Tyneshire Glen, in the East India
Docks.

  The chief officer of the Tarlington,
waiting not far from an electric light
at the landing pier abreast of which the
steamer was anchored in the stream,
felt a certain responsibility for the safe
delivery of King Osmond, and was eas-
ier in mind when he saw a carriage halt
within a few yards of him. The win-
dow framed the kindly features, the
white mustache and imperial which the
chief officer instantly identified. Has-
tening to assist his majesty from the
carriage, he announced apologetically:

  “Captain O’Shea sends his compli-
ments, and regrets that he is detained
on board. The ship is ready as soon as
you are.”

  The king murmured a word or two
of thanks. The chief officer carefully
assisted him to board the tug, which
immediately backed away from the pier
and turned to run alongside the Tar-
lington. The important passenger
mounted the ship’s gangway, and stood
upon the shadowy deck, whose row of
lights had been purposely turned off
110

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

lest the figure of the king might be
discernible from shore.

  Captain O’Shea had delayed on the
bridge to get the ship under way as
soon as the skipper of the tug sang out
to him that his majesty was safely
aboard. It was no time for ceremony.
The business of the moment was to
head for the open sea and beyond the
reach of the British law and its offi-
cers.

  A few minutes later Captain O’Shea
hastened aft to greet his majesty and
explain his failure to welcome him on
board. Meeting the chief officer, he
halted to ask:

  “Everything all right, Mr. Arbuth-
not ? Did he ask for me ? Did he give
you any orders?”

  “All satisfactory, sir. The king said
he was very tired and would go to his
rooms at once.”

  “I wonder should I disturb him?”
said O’Shea to himself, hesitating.
“ ’Tis not etiquette to break into his
rest. Well, I will go back to the bridge
and wait a bit. Maybe he will be send-
ing for me. My place is with the pilot
till the ship has poked her way past
Gravesend and is clear of this muck
of upriver shipping.”

  The Tarlington found a less-crowded
reach of the Thames as she passed be-
low Greenwich, and her engines began
to shove her along at a rapid gait. She
had almost picked up full speed, and
was fairly bound out for blue water
when the noise of loud and grievous
protests arose from the saloon deck.
The commotion was so startling that
O’Shea bounded down from the bridge,
and was confronted by a smooth-
shaven, slender, elderly man, who flour-
ished a false mustache and’imperial in
his fist as he indignantly cried:

  “I say, this is all wrong, as sure as
my name is Thompson! I never bar-
gained with Mr. George Huntley to be
kidnaped and taken to sea. I don’t
want to go, I tell you! These people
tell me that this steamer is bound to
some island or other thousands of miles
from here. I stand on my rights as an
Englishman! I demand that I be taken
back to London at once!”

  O’Shea glared stupidly at the irate
clerk so long in the employ of Tavi-
stock & Huntley. For once the re-
sourceful shipmaster was so- taken
aback that he could only blink and open
and shut his mouth. At length he man-
aged to say, in a sort of quavering stage
whisper:

  “For the love o’ Heaven, what has
become of the real king? Who mislaid
him ? W7here is he now ?”

  “I don’t know, and I’m sure I don’t
care!” bitterly returned the affrighted
Thompson. “I was an ass to consent
to this make-believe job.”

  “But how did you two kings get
mixed?” groaned O’Shea. “You’re in
the wrong ship. Have ye not sense
enough to fathom that much? You
wrere supposed to go aboard the Tyne-
shire Glen, you old blunderer!”

  “The man who drove the carriage
told me this was the Tyneshire Glen, I
had to take his word for it. How was
I to know one ship from another in
the dark? I was told to pretend I was
the genuine king, wasn’t I ? So I played
the part as well as I could.”

  “Ye played it right up to the hilt.
My chief officer will vouch for that.”
And O’Shea held his head between his
hands. He sent for Johnny Kent,
whose chin dropped when he beheld the
miserable, crushed demeanor of the
master of the Tarlington, who an-
nounced briefly:

  “We’re shy one king, Johnny. The
deal was switched on us somehow. Our
boss was left behind.”

  “Great sufferin’ Caesar’s ghost, Cap’n
Mike!” gasped the other. “Say it
slow. Spell it out. Make signs if
you’re so choked up that you can’t talk
plain.”

  “The real king went in the discard,
Johnny. We’ve fetched the dummy to
sea. The one that came aboard was
the other one.”

  “Then what in blazes became of our
beloved King Osmond I. ?” cried
Johnny.

  “You can search me. Maybe his af-
fectionate relatives have their hooks in
him by now and have started him on
the road to the dotty house.”
THE KING AN<D CAPTAIN O’SHEA

III

  “It ain’t reasonable for us to keep
on our course for Trinadaro without
the boss of the whole works,” suggest-
ed the chief engineer. “This is his ship
md cargo.”

  This was so*self-evident that Captain
O’Shea answered never a word, but
gave orders to let go an anchor and
hold the ship in the river until further
notice. Then he turned to glower at
an excited group of passengers, who
had mustered at the foot of the bridge
ladder and were loudly demanding that
he come down and talk to them. They
were loyal subjects of the vanished
monarch—his secretaries, artisans,
foremen, laborers—who ardently de-
sired an explanation. They become
more and more insistent, and threat-
ened to resort to violence unless the
steamer instantly returned to London
to find King Osmond.

  O’Shea gave them his word that he
would not proceed to sea without the
missing sovereign, and during a brief
lull in the excitement he thrust the be-
wildered Thompson, the masquerader,
into the chart room, and pelted him with
questions. The latter was positive that
he had directed the cabman to drive to
the Tyneshire Glen. Could the cabman
have purposely sought the wrong ship?
No, for he was particular to stop and
ask his way when just inside the en-
trance to the docks. And while he was
talking to the informant, who looked
like a watchman, another person had
stepped up to volunteer the desired in-
formation.

  The watchman had moved on, and
the cabman and the second stranger
held a conversation which Thompson
was unable to overhear.

  “And did ye get a look at this sec-
ond party?” sharply queried O'Shea.

  “The carriage lamp showed me his
face for a moment, and I saw him less
distinctly as he moved away. He was
a young man, well dressed, rather a
smart-looking chap, I should say. I
think he had on a fancy red waist-
coat.”

  “Sandy-complected? A brisk walk-
er?” roared O’Shea, in tremendous
tones.

  “I am inclined to say the description
fits the young man,” said Thompson.

  “ 5Twas the crooked minister of
finance, Baron Frederick Martin
Strothers, bad luck to him!” And
O’Shea looked bloodthirsty. “I’ll bet
the ship against a cigar that he sold
out to the enemy. He stands in with
the king’s blackguardly relatives and
the lawyers. And we never fooled him
for a minute. ’Tis likely he switched
the real king to the Tyneshire Glen,
where the poor monarch would have
no friends to help him out of a scrape.
Strothers and a pal bribed the two cab-
men—that’s how the trick was turned.
Just how they got next to our plans I
can’t fathom, but we will not discuss it
now.”

  “Then it is hopeless to try to secure
the king and transfer him to this
steamer?” asked Thompson, easier in
mind now that he understood that he
had not been kidnaped.

  “Hopeless? By me sainted grand-
mother, it is not hopeless at all!” cried
Captain O’Shea, as he fled from the
chart room to confer with his chief of-
ficer. Johnny Kent, restless and un-
happy, had made another journey from
the lower regions to seek enlighten-
ment. O’Shea thumped him between
the shoulders, and confidently de-
claimed :

  “We’ve finished with all the foolish
play acting and stratagems. ’Twas done
to spare the sensitive feeling of King
Osmond, and this wide-awake Stroth-
ers has made monkeys of us. He
stacked the cards, and dealt us the
wrong king. Now we’re going to turn
around and steam back to London and
grab this king of ours, and take him
to sea without any more delay at all.”

  “I like your language,” beamingly
quoth Johnny Kent. “We’re due to
have a little violence, Cap’n Mike.”

CHAPTER IX.

  THE ABDUCTION OF KING OSMOND.

  While the good ship Tarlington
swings about and retraces her course,
there is time to discover what befell
the genuine Osmond after.he had en-
112

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

tered a carriage at the Hotel Carleton
and set out to join Captain O’Shea’s
steamer. If it is correct to surmise that
the unscrupulous Baron Strothers was
the active villain of the plot, then he
may have tampered with King Os-
mond’s cabman, or employed an agent
to attend to the shabby business, before
the equipage left the hotel.

  At any rate, the king was rapidly
driven to the East India Docks, and the
carriage drew up alongside the Tyne-
shire Glen. The royal occupant had
been informed by Captain O’Shea that
his ship would be out of the docks by
now, and that a tug would be waiting
to transfer him. In the darkness the
shadowy outline of one steamer looked
very like another, and King Osmond
thought that perhaps the plan of sailing
might have been changed at the last
moment.

  The cabman strenuously assured him
that this wras the Tarlington, and he
decided that he had better go aboard
and look for Captain O’Shea. If a mis-
take had been made, it ought to be an
easy matter to find the landing pier and
the waiting tug.

  No sooner had the deluded king
reached the deck than he was con-
vinced that he had been directed to the
wrong steamer. The people who stared
at him curiously were utter strangers.
There was not a subject of Trinadaro
among them; nor did any of the officers
of the ship step forward to greet him.
He was about to accost the nearest
spectator when an officious man,
dressed in seedy black, confronted him,
flourished a formidable-appearing doc-
ument under the royal nose, and pomp-
ously affirmed:

  “A writ from the judge duly ap-
pointed and authorized by the Lord
Chancellor to take cognizance of such
cases, distraining Colonel Osmond
George Sydenham-Leach from attempt-
ing to quit the jurisdiction of said court
pending an inquisition de lunatico in-
quirendo. Take it calm and easy, sir.
This won’t interfere with your liberty
as long as you obey the writ.”

  Another minion of the law—a fat
man with a well-oiled voice—thereupon

formally took possession of the
steamer, explaining that because clear-
ance papers had been issued for a voy-
age to Trinadaro the court held that a
departure from England was actually
and speedily contemplated. The pres-
ence of Colonel Sydenham-Leach on
board in person was also evidence after
the fact.

  The blow was staggering, humiliat-
ing, incredibly painful. It shook the
amiable gentleman’s presence of mind
to the very foundations. To be inter-
fered with as an alleged madman was
enough to bewilder the most sapient
monarch that ever wielded scepter.
As a landed proprietor, a retired officer
of the militia, a Conservative in poli-
tics, King Osmond had profound re-
spect for the law and the constitution
of his native land. He was not one to
defy a judicial writ, or to grapple with
the situation in a high-handed manner.
In other words, he was rather Colonel
Sydenham-Leach in this cruel crisis
than the sovereign ruler of the inde-
pendent principality of Trinadaro.

  No help or comfort was to be ob-
tained from the company around him.
These spurious voyagers from the em-
ployment agency were whispering un-
easily among themselves, and regarding
the unfortunate Osmond with suspi-
cious glances. They had not bargained
to entangle themselves in the affairs of
an alleged lunatic on board of a ship
which had been seized in the name of
the law. Ten shillings was not enough
for this sort of thing.

  “It don’t look right to me,” said one
of them. “The job is on the queer. I
say we hook it before the bloomin’
bobbies come and put the lot of us in
jail.”

  This sentiment expressed the general
view of the situation, and the counter-
feit subjects of Trinadaro began to
flock down the gangway and to scatter
in a hunted manner among the gloomy
warehouses. Presently Colonel Syden-
ham-Leach was left alone with the twro
court officers, with never a friend in
sight. Recovering somewhat of his
composure and dignity, he declared that
he must consult with his legal advisers
THE KING AN® CAPTAIN O’SHEA

113

at once before consenting to leave the
ship. He clung to the hope that delay
might enable Captain O’Shea to come
to his rescue, although he was unwill-
ing to try to send a message to the
Tarlington. This would reveal to the
officers of the law that the wrong ship
had been detained, and put them on
the track of the right one.

  There was no legal reason why the
luckless king should not remain in the
Tyneshire Glen until his lawyers could
come and confer with him; wherefore
the captors grumblingly sat themselves
down in the cabin to wait. The king
had nothing more to say to them. Thej^
were beneath his notice. He was ab-
sorbed in his own unhappy reflections.
His dreams had turned to ashes. His
island empire would know him not. He
felt very old and helpless and sad.

  Thus he sat and brooded for some
time. At length he heard the sound of
men tramping across the deck above his
head. He roused himself to look in the
direction of the doorway. A moment
later it framed the well-knit, active fig-
ure of Captain Michael O’Shea. Be-
hind him puffed stout Johnny Kent.
They paused, said something to each
other, and advanced to bid the drooping
captive take heart.

  “ ’Twas a good guess, your majesty,”
cried O’Shea. “We thought you might
have gone adrift and fetched up aboard
this old tub. What’s the matter? Who
are your two friends?”

  “Officers from the bench of one of
the judges in lunacy,” reluctantly ad-
mitted King Osmond. “They have
served distraining papers on me and
on the ship.”

  “On this ship?” exclaimed Johnriy
Kent. “How ridiculous! What’ll we
do with this pair of bailiffs, or what-
ever you call ’em, Cap’n Mike? Make
’em eat their documents ?”

  “No; we will take the two meddlers
along with us,” sweetly answered
O’Shea. “We can’t afford to leave
them behind to tell how it happened.”
“But they have all the power and au-
thority of the British government be-
hind them,” spoke up King Osmond.

  “And they have a long voyage ahead
<8A

of them,” said O’Shea. “Your majesty
can give them jobs in your own judicial
department, and they will grow up with
the country.”

  “I cannot countenance such actions,”
began the king; but Johnny Kent inter-
rupted to remark, with much vehe-
mence :

  “Excuse us, your majesty, but this
ain’t no time for arguments about the
British constitution. Cap’n Mike and
me agreed to take you and your ship
to Trinadaro. It was a contract, and
we propose to earn our wages. If you
won’t come easy and willin’, then we’ll
just have to call a couple of our men
from the boat that’s waitin’ alongside,
and escort you anyhow. We’re stub-
born, and we aim to live up to our
agreements.”

  O’Shea wasted no more words. Sud-
denly grasping one of the officers by
the back of the neck and the slack of
his garments, he propelled him rapidly
toward the deck, fiercely admonishing
him to make no outcry unless he wished
to be tossed overboard with a bullet in
him.

  The other man had started to flee,
but Johnny Kent caught him in a few
heavy strides, tucked him under one
mighty arm, clapped a hand over his
mouth, and waddled with his burden to
the nearest open cargo port.

  “Drop them into the boat,'1 com-
manded O’Shea. “Ahoy, there, below !
Catch these two lads, and sit on them
good and hard, and let them make no
noise. The end of an oar handle be-
hind the ear will make them subside
if they object.”

  The astonished King Osmond had
followed the abductors out of the cabin.
Before he could renew the discussion,
Captain O’Shea, breathing hard, but
calm and smiling, faced him with the
courteous invitation:

  “After you, your majesty. We are
at your service. A few minutes in the
boat, and you’ll be aboard the Tarling-
ton, and heading for the open sea.”

  It was obviously so futile to protest
that the king meekly descended to the
boat, steadied by the helping hand of
114

THE CP0CPUL/1CR MAGAZINE

Johnny Kent. The seamen shoved off,
and the oars thumped in the tholepins
as O’Shea steered for the long, black
hull of the steamer visible a few hun-
dred yards down stream. Unable to
voice his confused emotions, the king
suffered himself to be conducted up the
gangway of the Tarlington.

  His loyal subjects—the real ones—•
cheered frantically at sight of him. It
was an ovation worthy of his station.
He bowed and smiled, and was himself
again. Already the recollection of his
detention as a madman seemed less
poignant. It wras like a nightmare. He
would try to forget it.

  He felt the ship tremble under his
feet as her engines began to drive her
toward the blessed sea and the long
road to wave-washed Trinadaro. Had
it not been for the bold and ready con-
duct of his two faithful mariners, he
would now be a broken-spirited old
man in London, a butt of public ridi-
cule. He went below to the staterooms
which had been suitably fitted for his
comfort and privacy, and discovered
that he was greatly wearied.

  Before retiring, he sent one of his
secretaries to request Captain O’Shea
and Johnny Kent to give him the pleas-
ure of their company at breakfast next
morning.

  “That makes me feel a bit more
cheerful,” said O’Shea to himself.
“Maybe he has decided to forgive us.
We were guilty of high treason, dis-
obedience, and a few other things in
packing him off to sea while he was
trying to tell us he couldn’t go at all.
Poor old Johnny Kent was worried for
fear he would order our heads chopped
off.”

  The Tarlington was in blue water
next morning when the captain and the
chief engineer bashfully entered the
private dining room of his majesty.
The latter greeted them with marked
affability, and said:

  “I take great pleasure, my dear
friends, in conferring on you the in-
signia of the Grand Cross of Trina-
daro as a recognition of your invalu-
able loyalty and assistance. You will
be entitled to call yourselves barons of

my realm by royal warrant. W^hile I
must confess that I could not ordinarily
approve of such summary methods as

you made use of-”

  “It looks different now that old Eng-
land is dropping astern,” suggested
O’Shea. “The British constitution
doesn’t loom as big as it did. Your own
flag is at the masthead, your majesty,
and you can make treaties if ye like. I
thank you with all my heart for the
reward you have given me.”

  “It pleases me a heap more to be a
member of the nobility of Trinadaro
than to earn big wages for the voy-
age,” warmly assented Johnny Kent.

CHAPTER X.

  IN SIGHT OF TIIE ISLAND KINGDOM.

  Freed of all anxieties and beset-
ments, the royal passenger resumed his
labor of planning the occupations of
his subjects. His enthusiasm was de-
lightful to behold. Lie seemed to grow
younger with every day of the voyage
southward. His was to be a kingdom
of peace and good will, of a benevolent
ruler and a contented, industrious peo-
ple. Lie was the stanchest kind of a
royalist, and Trinadaro was to be a con-
stitutional monarchy, with an aristoc-
racy which should be recruited after
the pioneer'ng work had been accom-
plished. The existing theories and ex-
amples of republican government he re-
garded with peculiar disfavor.

  The relations between the king and
his mariners twain became those of
pleasant, informal intimacy. They
learned to know him much better dur-
ing the long weeks at sea, and felt to-
ward him an affectionate, tolerant re-
spect. He was wrapped up in his one
idea. His belief that he was indeed
a king was as natural as breathing.

  The ship had crossed the equator,
and was plowing through the long blue
surges of the South Atlantic when Cap-
tain O’Shea, after working out the
noon observations, informed the king:
“A couple of days more, and we’ll
begin to look for a sight of the peaks
of Trinadaro. If the weather holds
THE KING AN<D CAPTAIN O’SHEA

115

calm, we can begin to put the people
and the cargo ashore right after that.”

  “The peaks of Trinadaro!” fondly
echoed King Osmond. “Do you know,
Captain O’Shea, I have wandered if
you considered me a crack-brained old
fool. Many men in England think so,
I am sure. I know that my relatives
do.”

  “ 'Tis my opinion that you wish to
make folks happy, and that you will do
no harm with your money,” was the
reply. “And there’s few rich men that
can say the same. No, 'tis not crack-
brained to want to be a king. Power
is what men desire, and they will tram-
ple on others to get it. I have heard
ye talk on board ship, and I have ad-
mired what you had to say. You will
live your own life in your own way, but
you will not forget to make this island
of yours a place for men and women
to call home, and to be glad that they
have found it.”

  “I thank you, Captain O’Shea,” said
the other. “I cannot help thinking now
and then of what will be the fate of
my principality when death comes to
me. If I am spared for ten or fifteen
years longer, I shall have time to set
my affairs in order, to make Trinadaro
self-sustaining, to win the recognition
of foreign governments, to arrange for
an administration to succeed my reign.”

  “May you live to be king until you
are a hundred!” cried O’Shea. “And a
man who is as happy and contented as
you are is pretty sure of a ripe old
age.”

  “I hope that you and Mr. Kent will
consent to sail under the flag of my
merchant jmarine and navy as long as
I live,” earnestly said the king. “I
have learned to depend on you, and I
need not tell you that the financial ar-
rangement will be more favorable than
you could make elsewhere.”

  “We are restless men, your majesty,”
replied O’Shea, with a smile; “but we
have no notion of quitting your service.
’Tis up to us to see the kingdom fairly
under way before we turn rovers
again.”

It was early in the morning of the
second day after this that the officer

on watch roused out Captain O’Shea
with the news that land had been sight-
ed on the starboard bow. The master
of the Tarlington stared through his
binoculars at a black, jagged foreland
of rock which lifted itself from the sea.
He sent word to the passengers that
Trinadaro lay ahead of them.

  King Osmond had left word that he
should be called whenever the first
glimpse of his island should be re-
vealed. But he came not to the bridge
in response to the message from Cap-
tain O’Shea. In his stead appeared his
physician, with a demeanor terribly dis-
tressed. His voice was unsteady as he
said to Captain O’Shea:

  “It is my sad duty to inform you
that his majesty-passed away some time
during the night. His heart simply
ceased to beat. It had been somewhat
feeble and irregula'* of late, but the
symptoms were not alarming. His
strength was overtaxed during those
last weeks in London.”

  O’Shea bared his head, and stood
silent. The announcement was very
hard to believe. Pulling himself to-
gether, he murmured to the chief offi-
cer :

  “The king is dead. Please set the
flag of Trinadaro at half mast.”

  As soon as the word was passed
down to the engine room Johnny Kent
sought the bridge, and his eyes were
filled with tears as he exclaimed:

  “It don’t seem right, Cap’n Mike. I
ain’t reconciled to it one mite. He de-
served to have what he wanted. And
he dies within sight of his kingdom!”
“Yes, he has slipped his cable,
Johnny. There are cruel tricks in this
game of life.”

  “What will you do now?”

  “I haven’t had time to think. But
one thing is certain. I will carry King
Osmond to his island, and there we will
bury him. ’Tis the one place in all the
world where he would want to rest.
And the peaks of Trinadaro will guard
him, and the big breakers will sing an-
thems for him. And he will be the
king there till the Judgment Day.”

  The Tarlington slowly approached
the precipitous coast line, and changed
116

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

her course to pass around to the lee of
the island. As the deeply indented
shore opened to view, and one bold
headland after another slid by, a com-
paratively sheltered anchorage was dis-
closed.

  There, to the amazement of Captain
O’Shea, rode two small cruisers. One
of them flew the red ensign of England,
the other the green and yellow colors
of the navy of Brazil. He guessed
their errand before a British lieutenant
in white uniform came alongside the
Tarlington in a steam launch and
climbed the gangway which had been
dropped to receive him.

  Gazing curiously at the silent com-
pany and the half-masted flag of Trina-
daro, he was conducted into the saloon,
where Captain O’Shea waited for him
to state his business.

  “This steamer belongs to Colonel
Sydenham-Leach, I presume,” said the
visitor. “I should like to meet him, if
you please. Sorry, but I have unpleas
ant news for him.”

  “If it is King Osmond of Trinadaro
ye mean, he is dead, God rest his soul.
He went out last night.”

  “You don’t say! Please express my
sympathy to the ship’s company,” ex-
claimed the lieutenant. "How extraor-
dinary ! We received orders by cable
at Rio to proceed to Trinadaro in time
to interceot this vessel of yours.”

  “And what were the orders, and why
is that Brazilian man-of-war anchored
alongside of you?” asked O'Shea.

  “It is all about the ownership of this
island,” the lieutenant explained. “No-
body wanted it for centuries, and now
everybody seems keen on getting hold
of it. The English government sud-
denly decided, after you sailed from
London, that it might need Trinadaro
as a landing base for a new cable be-
tween South America and Africa, and
sent us to hoist the flag over the place.
Brazil heard of the affair, and sent a
ship to set up a claim on the basis of
an early discovery. The Portuguese
have presented their evidence, I believe,
because their people made some kind of
a settlement at Trinadaro once upon a
time.”

  “And the forsaken island was totally
forgotten until poor King Osmond got
himself and his project into the news-
papers,” slowly commented O’Shea.

  “That is the truth of the matter, I
fancy.” The naval lieutenant paused,
and commiseration was strongly reflect-
ed in his manly face. “Tell me,” said
he, “what was the opinion at home
about this King of Trinadaro? He was
a bit mad, I take it.”

  “No more than you or me,” answered
O’Shea. “He had a beautiful dream,
and it made him very happy, but it was
not his fate to see it come true. And
no doubt it is better that he did not
live to know that the scheme was
ruined. His island has been taken away
from him. It will be wrangled over by
England and Brazil and the rest of
them, and there is no room for a king
that hoped to enjoy himself in his own
way. The world has no place for a
man like Colonel Osmond George
Sydenhani-Leach, my dear sir.”

  “Too bad!” sighed the lieutenant.
“And what are your plans, Captain
O’Shea ? Do you intend to make any
formal claim in behalf of the late
king?”

  “No. His dreams died with him.
There is no heir to the throne. I’m
thankful that his finish was so bright
and hopeful. There will be funeral
services and a burial to-morrow. I
should take it as a great favor if de-
tachments from the British cruiser and
the Brazilian war vessel could be pres
ent.”

  “I will attend to it,” said the lieu-
tenant.

  When the coffin of King Osmond I.
was carried ashore, it was draped with
the flag of Trinadaro, which he himself
had designed. Launches from the two
cruisers towed sailing cutters filled with
bluejackets, who splashed through the
surf and formed in column led by the
bugles and the muffled drums. The pa-
rade wound along the narrow valleys,
climbing to the plateau on which the
ruler had planned to build his capital.

  There the first and last King of
Trinadaro was laid to rest, and the
guns of the cruisers thundered a
THE KING AN<D CAPTAIN O’SHEA

requiem. The British lieutenant count-
ed the guns, and turned to Captain
O’Shea to say:

  “It is the salute given only to royalty, ■
according to the navy regulations. It
is the least we can do for him.”

  “And it is handsomely done,” mut-
tered the grateful O’Shea as he brushed
a hand across his eyes.

  “Will you take your ship back to
England ?”

  “Yes. I can do nothing else. ’Twill
be a sad voyage, but God knows best.
As it all turned out, this king of ours
had to die to win his kingdom.”

  When the mourners had returned to
the Tarlington, Captain O’Shea and
Johnny Kent went into the chart room
and talked together for some time. At

length the gray, portly, simple-hearted
chief engineer said wistfully:

  “I'm glad we stood by and did what
we could for him, Cap’n Mike, ain’t
you ?”

  “You bet I am, Johnny! He was a
good man, and I loved him. Here’s to
his majesty, King Osmond of Trina-
daro ! He wanted us to sail under his
flag as long as he lived. There’ll be
trouble waiting for us in London River,
for we have to account for the pair of
court officers we kidnaped and the ship
that took out no clearances. But we
will face the music. ’Tis not much to
do for’ him that was so good to us,”

  “Well, anyhow, they can never take
his kingdom away from him,” softly
quoth Johnny Kent.

     There is another story about Captain O’Shea and Johnny Kent coming in the next
issue of the POPULAR.

THE ARMY KEPT BY HEARST

/^NE evening Mr. and Mrs. William R. Hearst wrent to the offices of the Hearst
paper in New York. Mr. Hearst wanted to print an interview with a visit-
ing statesman, and, most of all, he wanted to get it in a hurry.

    “Please tell Brown to go out,” said Hearst, “and get me a good story from
Senator Blank.”

    “Oh,” responded the secretary, “Mr. Brown is acting night editor, Mr.
Hearst.”

    “Oh, very well. Send Craig.”

     “But you see, Mr. Hearst, Mr. Craig is assistant night editor to the acting
night editor,” replied the puzzled secretary.

    Just then Mrs. Hearst. who has far more than the average allowance of wit,
looked up from a magazine, and said dryly:

    “This place reminds me of a Central American army—all officers and no
privates.”

CONSERVATION AND CONVERSATION

\TL7JLLIAM ATHERTON DuPUY, the writer, and M. O. Leighton, of the
Geological Survey in Washington, wrote the first magazine article ever
published regarding conservation.

    Not long ago DuPuy met Leighton, and remarked:

    “As we wrote the first story about it, we must be the fellows who put the
‘con’ in conservation.”

“Yes,” said Leighton, “and they’ve been putting it there ever since.”
Bucking the -Hoodoo

By Robert V. Carr

Author of “Range Manners, ” “ Things That Count," Etc.

     This is the tale of an automobile that shattered the peace of a big,
     good-natured Westerner. A hoodoo -car, yet there is one man
     in the live-stock commission business who takes off his hat to it

SPEAKIN’ of hoodoos reminds me
of what Doc Strate said about a
friend of his he called “Tomb-
stone Seth.”

  Says Doc: “I’m not what you-all
could call superstitious, but just as sure
as that feller Tombstone darkens my
door, I know that something unlucky is
due to happen. Last time he called was
a Sunday, and, come to find out, there
wasn’t a drop of licker in the house.
Seems Miz Strate had give the last of
our corn juice to Deacon Sniff kin’s
wife for medicinal purposes. The deac
was feelin' so' poorly that he dreened
the jug. And there me and Tombstone
set that whole blessed Sunday as dry
as burned boots, and everything closed.”
Personally, I never like to start on a
trip of a Friday; and when Friday falls
on thirteen—well, I just sit tight and
wait for something to drop. And on
the thirteenth day of the thirteenth
month of the thirteenth year, which
happened a day or so ago, I thought it
just the mercy of a kind-hearted crea-
tor that the world didn’t come to an
end. Still, I ain’t what you could call
downright superstitious; just a little
shy of one or two things.

  But a man rustlin’ live-stock ship-
ments for as wide awake a commission
man as Billy Dayton has no business
layin’ in his room just because it hap-
pens to be Friday the thirteenth. Yet
I wish I’d had the sense to circle around
the hoodoo instead of coaxin’ it to land

on me. But, as I’ve said before, a man
on the road can’t let feelin’s interfere
with business. If he does he’s mighty
liable to wake up some pretty mornin’
with a can tied to him, and his little job
among the fatally injured.

  But let’s hop into the action.

  Phil Brayton owned a big general
store, and one of the finest cow ranches
in the blessed West. He was a big,
good-natured old scout, and always
looked like he’d wintered well. He ate
beef three times a day, laughed a whole
lot, and, if he’d any troubles, he told
’em only to the Lord.

  Everything around Phil looked fat
and happy. Hosses always in good con-
dition, cattle the best on the range.

  Never a meal on the Brayton Ranch
but what a dozen or fifteen travelers or
neighbors throwed their feet under the
big table. And nobody paid for grub
or hoss feed at Phil’s ranch.

  He was the big man of his town and
country. Man, woman, or child in
trouble always went to Phil, and he al-
ways helped them. Belonged to no
church, talked pretty rough, and the
gossips said he was a swift old traveler;
but, take it from me, folks who needed
help instead of advice sure knew Phil
Brayton was the old boy to go to.

  Phil and me were great friends, but
for some reason unknown to me I could
not land his business for the Dayton
Live Stock Commission Company.
Every time I’d tackle him he’d just

     The last story of Carr’s dealing with the experiences of the live-stock commission man appeared in
the February Month-end POPULAR.
'BUCKING THE HOODOO

119

laugh and tell me a funny story. After
a time I quit talkin’ business to him;
just kidded along, and let it go at that.

  Then one fatal day Phil got what he
called an automobile. And it was some
auto! Class? Yes; and tell the neigh-
bors I said so. Call me lip over long
distance at a dollar a second, and I’ll
put in a day tellin’ you that there was
class to Phil’s auto.

  It was right close to calf-brandin’
time when 1 falls off the varnished cars
and heads into Phil’s store. He’d just
sold a young rancher a cook stove and
a baby buggy, and is joshin’ the newly-
weds. He’s right glad to see me, and
later on we go down to the White Front
and tea up a little.

  A few drinks and a lot of joshin’, and
then Phil says: “I tell you what I’m
goin’ to do with you, Johnny; I’m goin’
to take you out to the ranch in my au-
tomobile.”

  “Your automobile!” I cheeps, some
surprised. The skunk wragons hadn’t
invaded the range yet, and I was as
much set back as though he’d told me
he’d bought a flyin’ machine.

  “Yes, indeedy,” Phil cinches his of-
fer. “I’ll take you to my ranch—and
you know it’s a hundred miles—in less
time than a cat could spat a bulldog’s
eye. Startin’ fairly early, we’ll hit the
ranch to-morrow afternoon in time for
a late dinner.

  “It’s a great little machine,” he goes
on, as proud and happy as a new daddy.
‘T'olks in Chicago I buy goods of sent
it along as a present. Haven’t tried it
out yet; but it will run O. K.—that is,
accordin’ to the directions that come
with it. First automobile in this coun-
try, and you’ll have the honor of bein’
the first passenger. It’s a ding-daisy.”

  I thinks that while Phil's mind is
little weak on his auto I’ll slip up on
his blind side with a business proposi-
tion. So I asks him square if he is
goin’ to ship his cattle to Billy Dayton.
P.ut the old cutie don’t pay any attention
to my cow talk,- he’s all wrapped up in
his auto.

  Says he: “Ain’t it marvelous what
they’re doin’ these days with machin-
ery ! Now, that little car of mine-”

  I saw there was no use. When a
man gets to callin’ a coal-oil can, four
pieces of rubber, and some balin’ wire
“my car,” look out. He may not get
violent, but he ought to be watched.

  I stood back a little from Phil, and
looked him over, but I kept still. When
a man has automobilous, you never can
tell which way he’ll jump.

  But I thinks that in time Phil will be
himself again, and I concludes to take
up his invite. I’m lonesome for the
range, anyway, and there’s always a
chance for new business.

  So we rigs it up that Phil is to call
for me in the mornin’ at the hotel, and
I’ll hop into his wonderful little ben-
zine buggy for a hundred-mile spin.

  We fools around a good share of the
day and night, and then parts, I to my
room and Phil to his house. And we
was both glad there was no snow on
the ground, for it would have taken a
crab to follow our corkscrew trails.
Such is friendship.

  Next mornin’ after breakfast I’m in
the hotel office rollin’ a cigarette. All
of a sudden I hears what sounds like
the battle of Gettysburg and a wreck
on the elevated combined. And along
with that was a lot of little sounds.
One, for example, sounded like the
broken drivin’ rod of a limited engine
poundin’ the ties.

  It had another little sound, that
started out with blac-blac-boom-ber-
rang, and then rik-a-chickic—rik-a-
chickie—spow-eek—s-s-sh—bang!

  I yells to the hotel clerk: “Freight
run into the coal chute ?”

  But the slick-head don’t show no ex-
citement, and I calms down and quits
dodgin’.

  He yawns a little behind a glass dia-
mond ring, and explains: “Only Phil
Brayton tunin’ up his auto-go-devil.
When she gets to goin’ good, get out
your ear muffs. She’s just whisp’rin’
now—sort of gettin’ used to her own
voice. Soon’s she comes into her real
voice everybody has to make signs, and
run and tie down all the bronks in town.
Runs like a rock crusher with a lump
in its neck.”

  He stabs his pen into a fresh potato,
120

THE cPOcPUL/lcR MAGAZINE

and takes a high-priced cigar out of the
case; he was workin’ on a salary. Then
he takes up his little thread of thought,
as the feller says.

  “Phil’s sure mashed on that machine.
But personally I wouldn’t have it as a
gift; and I wouldn’t ride in it for all of
John D.’s greasy coin. The blamed
thing shoots seven distinct different
ways, and all of them fatal.”

  “So?” says I.

  “Uh-huh!” comes back the clerk, gen-
tlelike.

  The horrible sound kept cornin’
nearer and nearer. Pozu—wak—a-wak
—kiz-kiz—ber-oomp—bang! And then,
oosh! like she’d died in the ditch, with
none to weep and none to care.

  I forces myself to go out on the hotel
porch, and finds Phil settin’ in his car.

  She was still breathin’ in short jerks,
and he made signs for me to get in the
hind seat. He looked as happy as a kid
with a pair of red-top boots.

  If I must say it, I’m game when I’m
drove into a corner. I couldn’t argue
with Phil, as it wears you out quick to
argue in the sign language. I didn’t
like the looks of the thing—wanted to
back out, but I couldn’t see my way
clear. I had to come clean or take the
count.

  So I fogs back into the hotel, and
makes signs to the clerk to wire my
wife in case anything happens, and
grabs up my grip and rain coat. Then
I happens to look up at the big clock.
Suff’rin’ Moses! It’s Friday the thir-
teenth !

  Right then I concludes not to go with
Phil.

  I goes out and yells in his ear, stallin’
about not feelin’ well. It’s no go. He
bawls back that the trip will do me a
world of good. Then I has to tell him
that it’s on account of Friday the thir-
teenth.

  He laughs until I can hear him above
the windmill clatter of his car. Then
he kind of subdues the corn sheller, and
begins to coax me. But I’m rock-set
and cemented; nothin’ doin’ with
Johnny Reeves on Friday the thir-
teenth.

  Finally Phil says: “Tell you what I’ll

do: hop in and go out with me, and,
if we has any real sort of accident, I’ll
ship my cattle to your outfit as long’s
I’ve a hoof. I’m makin’ it an object to
you, when you ought to feel honored.
I like your company. We’ll go through
as slick as butter in a hot skillet. Ain’t
my proposition a fair one ? Come on
and get in. Friday the thirteenth!” he
laughs. “Lord love me, that’s my lucky
day. I always used to go courtin’ on
that day. Get in, get in; you’ve only
one life to live.”

   For a spell I stood thinkin’ it over. I
feels a cold hunch that something will
happen—and that it will be bad. Still,
business is business, and Phil had give
me his word about his cattle,

  I therefore crawls into the hind seat,
and yells : “Let her rip !”

  Phil pulls out a stopper or two, and
she says: “Yare-it—yurc-it—awk-
awk!” Then Phil twists a crank, and
she remarks: “Oomph-etty-oomph—
siz-z-z—c-c-ek !” but refuses to budge.

  She’s a queer-lookin’ flyin’ jinny,
with ropes runnin’ back around her
wheels. She’s built like a mountain
wagon, and looked like a cross between
a hay baler and a pianola.

  Phil keeps on a-monkeyin’ with her,
feelin’ her pulse, lookin’ down her neck,
and tryin’ to use reason. But she won’t
move.

  “Sorry I didn’t bring my bed,” I
says. “We could camp right here.”
Phil don’t say nothin’; just keeps on
twistin’ cranks and pullin’ levers.

   Finally he admits: “She’s just a little
mite peevish this mornin’.”

  By that time quite a crowd has gath-
ered, and everybody is offerin’ advice.
If there’s anything the American is free
with, it’s advice. Seems like most of
us know what everybody but ourselves
should do.

  “Maybe you got her checked up too
high,” says one feller; “or maybe you
forgot to grain her.”

  “Throw a drink into her,” suggests
another.

  “Call her sweetheart,” cheeps a bright
mind.

   But Phil don’t let ’em rattle him; just
keeps on workin’.
(BUCKING THE HOO<DOO

121

  At last he twists the right snivvie,
and she gives a cough.

  ‘‘Left lung almost gone,” says some
sport. “Run for the doctor.”

  She coughs again, and Phil twirls to
the keyboard and pulls out fhe alto stop.
And he just does it in time, for, with
flags flyin’, whistles blowin’, gongs
beatin’, bands playin’, and every hoss in
town kickin’ his stall down, she’s on her
way.

  Phil heads her for the open country.
First thing we meets is a rancher set-
tin’ half asleep on a sagged-down seat,
and drivin’ a pair of dead-on-their-feet
bronks. Do them bronks come to life?
Seems like I remember that they did.
Gettin’ down to facts, I might say them
plugs climbed right up the side of the
sky, and you could hear ’em snort for
miles. I catches a glimpse of a pair of
broom tails pushin’ aside the air away
over yonder some place; and sees the
rancher settin’ in a plowed field with a
wagon tire around his neck, and lookin’
sort of stunnedlike at a piece of rein in
his hand. He was for days remember-
in’ his post-office address, and the last I
heard of him he thought he was Little
Eva, in “Uncle Tom’s Cabin.”

  On we go like the end of the world
and no place to land. Blang-blang—
ber-run ! Sooie—ik-ik-ik—enkcty-imk
—unhcty-cnk!

   Phil’s workin’ like one of them fancy
piano players at the levers. I’m holdin’
down the hind seat, hopin’ that I’ll make
a decent-lookin’ corpse, and that they’ll
spell my name right in the papers.

  Pretty soon we meets a bunch of
cow-punchers—the new, would-be kind
—cornin’ to town with their chaper
deroes and their taperderoes and their
flapper deroes on. And then we hits
them. For a time it rained catalogue
cow-punchers worth ten cents a gross
f. o. b, Chicago. I remember seein’ a
bronk standin’ on his left ear, with a so-
called cowboy wrapped around his neck
like an old shawl. The air was full of
useless junk and rattlesnake hatbands.
One of the bronks has heart failure en-
tirely, and lays off one side, his eyes
bulgin’ like them big glass marbles set
in a sack of meal. I don’t suppose that

bronk. was ever the same afterward, and
prob’ly aged fast. I could just hear
that hoss say: “What’s the use to try
to wake up—it’s only the nightmare.”

  Phil bawls back at me: “Stay with
her, Johnny; she’s workin’ fine! Ain’t
she a little humdinger?”

  I didn’t try to reply. I just hung on,
and hoped the end would be painless. I
never like the idea of bein’ all cut up.
To take the big jump is nothin’, but I’d
like to go whole and not a piece at a
time.

  We goes whackin’ across the first big
divide like a bat out of hell, roars down
the slope, and up the other side onto
the next divide.

  For miles the range cattle, with their
tails as straight as ramrods, are runnin’
off the face of the earth. Even the
prairie dogs turn back somersets, and
fall out of sight. Believe me, a prairie
dog has some sense. Right then, if I’d
been one, I’d dug down to China.

  Then, in the middle of a big gumbo
flat, twenty miles from nowhere, she
gives a terrible wheeze, gets something
crossways in her Sunday throat, and
stops, sayin : “Phush—phush—pow—
phush—phush—pow!”

  Phil pulls four or five stoppers, but
she don’t go. She quits breathin’, turns
her face to the wall, and seems to pass
in her checks.

  Wre gets out.

  “Now what ?” I asks. “Looks to me
like I was goin’ to get them cattle of
yours.”

  Phil laughs, and says, as cheerful as
a jay bird: “This is nothin’. I’ll have
her fixed up in no time. The directions
say she is liable to act this way. I think
we overheated her.”

  Phil goes to tinkerin’. After a spell
he gets sore. He’s covered with grease
and oil, and is hot and sweaty. He’s
taken a gallon of burs and bolts out of
her, and covered the prairie with old
iron.

  Right then I laughs a mean, dirty,
miserable little laugh.

  He looks at me a minute, and then
says : “Don’t drive me too fur, Johnny.”

  Then he goes back and gets the jug
122

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

out of the back end of the concern, and
takes a drink.

  “Of course,” I says to a meadow lark
near by, “we can walk back; it’s only
thirty miles.”

  Phil don’t say nothin’. He goes back
to his work, pulls out a tube, looks at
it, tries to put it back, sees it don’t fit,
and then finally says: “Johnny, you’re a
kind-hearted feller, but, when a man
comes to know you, you’re as cruel as
an Injun.”

  All of a sudden he plum’ loses his
patience. He throws wrenches, bars,
and thing-a-ma-jigs at that machine,
and cuss! Don’t you know that when
one of them good-natured fellers gets
mad, you can smell sulphur for days
afterward.

  Grits Phil between his teeth, with
that low, mean, bitter style of cussin’:
“You winrow of night-bloomin’ holly-
hocks, if I had an ax I’d break your
sweet little backbone, you nice old
thing! What right has a gumbo-headed
dash-and-so-forth to live who will take
up with a tin pan on four spools when
he has a good team in the barn. A man

that will do a trick like that is a-”

  Y'ou can figger out the rest to suit
yourself. Phil was sure sore. He hits
the jug after he’d sort of quit rockin’
and tremblin’, and again takes up his
weary work.

  Ail of a sudden the old fly-by-night
sneezes.

  “Don’t know what I’ve done, but I’ve
done it!” yells Phil. “She’s cornin’ to.”
She gradually comes out of her
trance. Spnmph—spnmph—spnmph—
pha-rik—pha-rik—rik-a-chickie! Rik—
chick—chick—phosh! She comes to
life long enough to say good-by to all
her folks, leave everything to charity,
and then make another bluff at croakin’.

  “She's all in this trip,” I says. “Might
as well order her coffin.”

  “Ain’t that just naturally hell!” says
Phil, so softlike that a range steer
jumped off in a water hole on whose
edge he’d been hangin’ since we come.
“Wouldn’t that just naturally knock the

- Oh, well, let’s have a drink.”

  He h’ists the jug in the hollow of his
arm, and I seconds him.

  “Maybe some one will come along
and haul us in,” I offers, as a chunk of
hope.

  “Nary hoss in the country will come
near us,” glooms Phil.

  He was ri*ght. A team sighted us a
mile away, and, in spite of all the driver
could do, made a broom-tailed circle a
half mile to the east of us. They were
travelin’ at a stiff run.

  I’ve reached the point where I don’t
care. I know the hoodoo is workin’
fine, and I am prepared for anything.
I’ve give up.

  So I takes out the lap robe and
spreads it on the ground. Says I, not
earin’ whether I live or die, says I:
“Let me know when you’re ready to
walk back. If I should fall asleep, do
not wake me too swiftly, for I come up
fightin’. Farewell.”

  I rolled a cigarette and lay back.

  “Pah-fung!” says the machine, just
that and no more. Phil jumped for it,
and began pullin’ levers, but no use.
They were her dyin’ words. Pah-fung
was automobilese for good night.

  Then, just when we’re clear down
and out, the old corn shucker comes to
life, bawlin’, bellerin’, and blowin’
smoke. Phil had yanked the right lever.

  “Jump in!” bellers my friend, and we
both made it on the wing.

  She’s runnin’, but Phil can’t control
her. She leaves the road, and goes fog-
gin’ off through the sagebrush. I see
the old shebang is bound to have our
lives, and that she is headed straight for
a gully.

  Phil sees there is no use, and sets
back waitin’ for the end like a nervy
man. She stops within seven inches of
the jump-off, and begins whisperin:
“Ush—ush-—ush

  We gets out once more, and I walks
around her. Also I see what kind of a
load we are carryin’. In the back of
the old rattletrap is a case of dynamite
along with the jug and other necessities.
Then, as a finish, I looks at the old
shingle mill’s number. Drop me in my
tracks if it ain’t one-thirty-one—a thir-
teen goin’ or cornin’. Read it backward
or forward, it was thirteen. Says I:
<BUCKING THE HOO<DOO

123

“Well, wouldn’t that get your Rocky
Mountain goat!” There seemed to be
no show to get out alive.

  Just as a polite question, I asks Phil:
“Has that box of sudden death been
under me all this time ?”

  Phil tells me that he’s takin’ the pow-
der to the ranch to blast out a spring.
He seems kind of surprised that such
a thing was worth askin’ a question
about. Funny thing about some men.
Finest kind of fellers will have a weak
spot in their head. Phil was careless
about powder. If he was lookin’ for
something, he’d throw aside a box of
dynamite the same as if it’s cordwood.
He buys and sells lots of it, and I sup-
pose some day he’ll land on the other
side before the gatekeeper can punch
his ticket. Phil didn’t look crazy, but
then you never can tell. There’s some-
thing wrong with a man who will start
out on Friday the thirteenth in a locoed
automobile with a box of dynamite un-
der the seat. He may be able to stall
along for years and keep out of the
jimmy corral, but some day he’ll let go
all bolts, and it’s the giggle house for
him.

  I comes up close to Phil, and says to
him, just as gentle and kind as can be:
“Poor, suff’riir critter, you don’t
know what you're doin’. I don’t want
to hurt your feelin’s, but, if you must
know it, I am about to bid farewell to
your little old torpedo boat. On this,
the thirteenth day. known as Friday, I
will leave you with your darlin’.”

  Phil shook his head, and went to tin-
kerin’. That’s the way with the nutty
ones; soon’s they go bugs they think
everybody else is crazy.

  My poor, unfortunate friend keeps
on a-fussin’ with Miss Helen Trouble,
and pretty soon she begins to show
signs of life. But just as we are feelin’
hopeful she gives a tired little moan,
and turns up her toes.

  “No use, Phil,” I says. “The hoodoo
has got you for fair. All you can do is
to leave her, walk back to town, and
make arrangements to ship your cattle
to 1'illy Dayton. You are what is popu-
larly known as a gone goose.”

  But Phil has a stubborn nature—

same as a cow in a mudhole. He keeps
on tinkerin’. I lay back and smoke.

  Pretty soon it gets chilly and the
wind rises. In a little while it banks
up black in the north, and there comes
a rumble of thunder. Then the fun
starts. An electric storm on the West-
ern prairie is no picnic. And if you
want to see lighnin’ that is lightnin’,
you’ll find it on the range.

  “Come away from that machine!” I
howls at Phil, as the long streaks of
death and destruction tear the sky in
two. The old boy sees I am right.
That machine is the only lightnin’ mark
for miles.

  It’s dark now, and we are flounderin’
through gullies and washouts, and doin’
our best to get away from that machine.

  And then comes the wind-up. An
awful glare, and a rip that sounded like
some one had tore the roof off of hell; a
jar that rocked the world, a red blast,
and then darkness.

  “Would you call that an accident?”
I asked Phil, as we crouched in a wash-
out. “Don’t forget your words spoken
to me in front of the hotel.”

  He kept still, for at last the hoodoo
had got his goat.

  The storm soon passed, and a red sun
come out. We concludes to try and
make it to the nearest ranch—ten miles.

  Thinks I: “That machine and all is
gone, but we’re alive. Yet it’s still Fri-
day the thirteenth; there is yet time to
die.”

  We plugs down off the divide, and
into the valley. We are headin’ for a
ranch on the crick. As we drags along
we notices a couple of riders swing out
from some cottonwoods and come to-
ward us. We joy up at the sight of
them, thinkin’ they’ll give us a lift. You
can figger that we are some surprised
when those gobblers ride up and throw
their six-guns down on us, with that
cute little remark: “Put ’em up—-
quick!”

  Both bein’ Western raised, we throws
up our hands.

  The two riders has handkerchiefs
over their faces, but I tumbles to who
they be; they was the Midbury broth-
ers, a couple of hoss thieves and hold-
124

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

ups that had created a lot of disturb-
ance on the other side of the territory.
I knew one of them by the scar that
run up along his temple. They were
them sandy-complected, brocky, bench-
legged kind, ornery, mean, and vicious.

  Their hosses seemed fresh enough,
but their clothes were rags. They had
been drove by sheriff posses for two
hundred miles, and they looked pretty
ragged.

  “Just about of a size,” says one of
the scoundrels.

  “Right you be,” comes back the other
son of a gun.

  With that they both hops off their
hosses, and while one keeps the iron on
us, the other cleans us. They took
Phil’s watch and ring, and tapped me
for a roll of expense money.

  There ain’t much conversation at
such times. You might think that you
would talk a lot when bein’ stuck up,
but, as a general rule, you think of a lot
of things to say, but don’t say ’em.

  For my part, I knew the hoodoo was
workin’ at high pressure, and that there
was no use to kick. Phil looked kind
of dazed.

  When they’d searched us to suit, one
of them shoves a gun against the small
of my back, and says: “Strip to the
hide.”

  The other holdup had his six against
Phil’s back, and Phil was obeyin’ or-
ders.

  Wre stripped and stood out, and
Adam had nothin’ on us.

  The holdups laughed something cruel.

  Says the biggest one: “We need the
clothes, boys. Besides, you fellers ain’t
goin’ to run and tell all you know right
now.”

  Me and Phil didn’t say nothin’.

  The two devils bundle up our clothes
and hit the trail, leavin’ us in bad shape.

  I looked at Phil for a spell. I hated
to rub it in, but I had to do it.

  “Speakin’ of accidentsI says, slow
and cruel, “if anybody should happen
to ask you, would you call this an acci-
dent?” He did not answer, and I went
on with the Injun torture. “I must say
that clothes make a heap of difference.
As I remember you, Phil, when you had

your duds on, you were a fair-lookin’
man. What you look like now I ain’t
got the heart to say.”

  “Johnny,” says the old boy, kind of
pitifullike, “we’re in bad shape. They
didn’t even leave us our boots.” He
takes a step or two, like a turkey walk-
in’ on hot iron.

  “No,” I agrees with him, “they did
not leave us anything but our honor,
and mighty little of that.”

  We then starts out. I guess we’d
hobbled maybe a quarter of a mile when
Phil stepped on a cactus. He sat down,
yellin’, and went to pickin’ at his foot.
But he got up in a second, as something
moved under his knees. ’Twas only a
lizard, but Phil thinks it is a rattler.
For a big man he moved the quickest
I ever see.

  “Gawd forgive me !” he yells. Then,
in a solemn, pained voice: “There must
be something in that Friday-the-thir-
teenth thing. Johnny, we’re Jonahed
from start to finish. What’ll we do?
If the country gets onto this we’re gone
—never hear the last of it.”

  I looked at him for a minute or two.
“Well, you great, big, beautiful doll, it’s
you for it. You got me into this deal,
now get me out.”

  Phil balanced himself on one foot,
and began pickin’ cactus thorns out of
the other.

  “Bill Horner’s ranch—ouch!-—is just
down the crick—ugh!—but I saw Bill
in town this mornin’. Wife’s to home
—Lord love me!—I s’pose.”

  “Lead on, CleopatraI says. “May-
be we can get close enough to holler for
one of the Horner kids to bring a pair
of blankets.”

  Phil groans and leads the way.

  It’s cornin’ dusk when, with our feet
in tatters, and bleedin’ from a thousand
scratches, and chatterin’ with the cold,
we gets in hailin’ distance of the Hor-
ner Ranch. A lot of dogs run out, and
we hear a woman callin’. We duck
down behind some brush, yellin’ for all
we’re, worth: “Friends, friends! Send
a boy with blankets—two blankets !”
Thank Heaven the dogs were friend-
ly enough, though kind of surprised.
We keep on yellin’.
‘BUCKING THE HOO<DOO

125

  A won : ’s voice calls: “What’s
wanted ?”

  I don’t like the sound of her voice;
it has a cold, desperate ring to it.

  “It’s Phil Brayton!” bawls my friend.
“Send one of the boys with a pair of
blankets!”

  “You can't fool me, you scum of
earth!” screams the woman; and then
bang! goes a rifle, and a bullet whines
spee-zving over our heads. The hoodoo
is still up and doin’.

  “Friday the thirteenth,” I croaks, and
burrows into the earth.

  Another shot, and Phil begins diggin’
like a badger. “Please, Missis Horner,
don’t shoot!” he yells. “Brayton!
Brayton! Brayton!”

  At last the woman catches a note in
Phil’s voice that convinces her that
something is wrong.

  She quits shootin’, and screams:
“What’s the matter? Why don’t you
show yourself?”

  Phil raises up a little, and bawls for
all he’s worth: “Holdups took clothes.
Send your boy Harry with blankets.”
Callin’ her boy by name sort of con-
vinced the spunky woman, although her
“All right!” was a little doubtful.

  Pretty soon a ten-year-old boy come.s
slippin’ out. Phil coaxes and talks to
the lad until he comes up to us and
drops the blankets. But the kid don’t
linger; drops our new suits, and fairly
skeedaddles for the house. We drapes
the blankets around us, and follow the
kid.

  Missis Horner is in the door, rifle
ready. When she sees that we’re sure-
enough friends, she laughs a little
shaky.

  “They got away with two hosses,”
she says, referrin’ to the cusses who
had took our clothes, “but I stood ’em
off from the house. Come in.”

  We goes in, and Missis Horner sets
down her gun and lights a lamp. Then
she takes a look at us. And I be blamed
if the woman didn’t set down in a chair
and laugh her head off—just laughed
until she cried.

  “Missis Horner,” says Phil, mighty
solemn, “this is no laughin’ matter.
But, while we’re talkin’, I want to say
that I’d appreciate you keepin’ still
about this. You been wantin’ that big
range for some time, and I’ll send it
out the first chance I get. Also you was
sayin’, the last time you was in town,
that you wanted a sofy for your front
room, but couldn’t afford it. The sofy
will come along with the range, and no
charge for the stove or it. Only kindly
keep still.”

  The woman stuffed her apron in her
mouth, and pointed at the bedroom.
Later she threw in some of her hus-
band’s clothes, and we managed to
make out.

  Though worn down to a frazzle, we
cat-napped till midnight. When I
thought it about time, I lit the lamp, and
looked at the clock Missis Horner had
loaned us.

  “Twelve-ten,” I tells Phil. “The hoo-
doo’s past.” Then my mind hits back
to business. “Tell me again,” I re-
quests, “do I get your cattle for Billy
Dayton ?”

  Phil pulls up the blankets. “You
not only get my cattle,” he says, just as
kind as can be, “but if I was runnin’
goats you’d get ’em all. Good night.”

UNABLE TO MEET THE EMERGENCY

QENATOR and Mrs. Cummins, of Iowa, went one evening to dine in a Wash-
ington restaurant where colored waiters were employed. Mrs. Cummins,
after she had taken up the^menu, found that she had left her glasses at home, and
therefore was unable to read. She handed the senator the card, and asked him
to order the dinner, but he found that he also had forgotten his glasses.

    Then he handed the card to the waiter, with the request:

    “Will you please read the menu to me?”

    The waiter bowed in a courtly manner, and answered, in a low tone:

“ 'Deed, suh, I’d like to ’blige you, but I ain’t got no educashun, neither.”
T h-e Destroyer

By Burton E. Stevenson
Author of “The Mind Master“The Boule Cabinet,” Etc.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS.

    Prance wakes one morning horrified to witness the destruction of one of her prized battleships, La
Liberte, in the harbor of Toulon. Her powder magazines had exploded in some unaccountable manner,
entirely wrecking the vessel and killing three hundred of her crew. There is some baffling mystery as to
the cause of the catastrophe, and three of the greatest brains in France are set on solving it—Delcasse,
the powerful minister of the marine; Lepine, head of the detective bureau; and Crochard the Invincible, a
wonderful character and leader of the underworld. Crochard soon proves himself the master of affairs.
Singular things come to light. First, two men, apparently foreigners, were seen at sunrise staring at La
Liberte just as the ship blew up, then they disappeared. All their actions proved suspicious, but the
authorities cannot place hands on them. Deductions lead to the conviction that they were German naval
officers in disguise. Again, wireless telegraphy seems to have played an important role in the destruction
of La Liberte. But how, and from whence? Delcasse and his allies are at a loss, when a most disquieting
and significant discovery is made: Crochard finds a secret wireless station hidden in a grove on a neighbor-
ing hill. Further investigation confirms the worst fears—the two foreigners are identified as. Germans,
one of them undoubtedly Pachmann, head of the German wireless service. Crochard strikes another
mysterious trail leading him to suspect and follow the fleeing footsteps of Vard, a Polish exile, and his
daughter Kasia, bound for America on the liner Prinzessin Ottilie. Lepine sends an aerogram to the
commander of the speeding ship, asking him if Vard and daughter are on board, but the answer denies
knowledge of them. The French authorities are nonplused. Meanwhile, on board the Ottilie, Vard and
Kasia are journeying in safety. Kasia meets an attractive, frank young American, Dan Webster, and
takes him into her confidence. She tells him that her father is the most wonderful man in the world, and
holds the destinies of nations in the hollow of his hand. Dan is duly impressed, but receives a momentary
shock when he discovers that their conversation on the dark deck has been overheard by his roommate,
Chevrial, an alleged wine merchant, who warns Webster that it is dangerous to hold such conversations—
spies are about. Aboard, also, are Pachmann and a German prince, their mission being with Vard, who
holds the secret of destroying navies by ether waves. It is Pachmann who “doctors” the wireless message
to Lepine. Kasia, growing more friendly with Dan, gives into his charge the great device of her father’s,
the Vards being fearful of treachery. Meanwhile, Pachmann and Vard hold guarded conference about the
invention and its ultimate use. But it is soon apparent that their talk has been overheard by some spy,
and Pachmann is distraught.

CHAPTER XIX.

THE SECOND CONFERENCE.

AGAIN a rope was stretched
across the forward promenade,
and, for the information of the
curious, a sign attached to it
bearing the single word, “Paint.”
Again a guard was' stationed in front
of the captain’s cabin, but this time it
consisted of two petty officers. Again
the captain surprised his subordinates
by mounting to the bridge, although the
night was clear and fine. They noticed
that he was lost in thought, and that
he went often to the head of the ladder
leading to the deck, and glanced down

it. The second officer was on duty, and
he took occasion to look down, too, on
one of his turns along the bridge, but all
he could see was a stretch of empty
deck and two petty officers leaning
against the rail chatting together. The
second officer wondered more and more
at his commander’s uneasiness, and sur-
reptitiously inspected the barometer,
tapping it with his finger; but he knew
better than to a si: any questions.

  Meanwhile, in the captain’s cabin,
Vard, Pachrftann, and the prince again
faced each other. Perhaps it would be
more exact to say that Vard and Pach-
mann faced each other, while the prince
looked on from the side lines. In the

This story be^an in the May Month-end POPULAR. Back numbers may be had of any news dealer.
THE cDESTcROYEcR

127

heart of that young gentleman, for the
past three days, there had been a strange
disgust, hitherto unknown among Ho-
henzollerns—the disgust of realizing
that, if the truth were told, he was a
poor thing who added not to the wealth
of the world, but to its poverty, who
was unable to support himself, but to
support whom men, and women, and
children toiled and starved.

  He had never seen it just like that
before; reared in the family tradition, it
had seemed a law of nature that they
should have subjects to work for them,
and suffer for them, and die for them,
if need be; he had been taught that it
was God Himself who had given place
and power to his house; and that, if
other less-favored people lived in mis-
ery and died in want, why, that was
doubtless God’s will, too. And as for
war—why, without war there could be
no glory, no conquest, no chivalry. It
was war which held a nation together,
which made kings more powerful and
thrones more stable! But now came a
man with shining eyes who talked of
the folly of war, of the waste of armies,
of universal brotherhood, and a world
governed by love! Wild words, foolish
dreams, perhaps—and yet most danger-
ous to the idea of the divine right of
kings! So, that evening, the prince sat
and listened, and tried to understand.

  It was Pachmann who did most of
the talking, and a great deal of it was
for the prince’s benefit.

  “We have been considering your pro-
posal, Mr. Vard,” he began, “and have
discussed it thoroughly.” As a matter
of fact, he had not exchanged a word
with the prince on the subject; he had
distrusted him ever since Vard had of-
fered him his hand, for that action
showed that this anarchist, this socialist,
this enemy of kings, had detected in this
young descendant of kings sympathy
and a certain understanding. Pach-
mann thought of it with disgust and
horror. “We have discussed it thor-
oughly,” Pachmann repeated, and the
prince, who detected the contempt in
the words, flushed hotly, but did not
speak; “and there are certain objections
to your plan which we wish to submit

to you. The first of these is that war
does not depend upon explosives. Be-
fore gunpowder, men fought with
swords, and lances, and arrows; before
the discovery of iron and steel, with
clubs and stones. Man has always been
fighting, even when he had no weapons
but bis fists.”

  “That is true,” assented Vard. “Pray
continue.”

  “My argument is,” went on Pach-
mann, dropping the plural once for all,
“that, though you may render all ex-
plosives useless, and blow up forts, and
battleships, and arsenals, you will not
stop war. You will merely compel it
to shift to another basis—to the old
basis, probably, of brute strength, of
hand-to-hand combat. And if you do
that, the old days of barbarian invasions
will return. The Turk will sweep down
again on southern Europe; the Tartars
will invade us from the east. You will
not assist civilization; you will set it
back a thousand years. It will have to
fight again for its very existence, as it
did in the Middle Ages.”

  But Vard shook his head.

  “I have thought of that,” he said.
“In the first place, it will be permitted
to continue the use of explosives
against the barbarians—for defense,
you understand, not for aggression—
until such time as we can persuade
them, too, to lay down their arms. As
to your other objection, it falls to the
ground the moment you agree with me
that all the nations of the world must
ultimately become democracies. At
first, it is true, men fought of their
own volition, but it was to secure food,
to guard their homes, or to replenish
their supply of women. But since those
very early days, all wars have been
wars not of the people, but of their
rulers. They were wars of revenge or
ambition, in which the people joined be-
cause they had no choice. They were
driven into the ranks, were sometimes
sold by one power to fight for another.
Left to their own choice, they would
have remained quietly at home, tilling
their fields, rearing their families. The
only great exception I know of is the
early wars of Napoleon. To those
128

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

wars, the French people did undoubt-
edly rush; but they were still drunk
from the Revolution, and their ardor
soon passed. Your own people, the
people of Germany, are a peaceable,
home-loving people. You have always
had to keep them under your thumb by
forced service, by conscription, by the
most rigorous laws; you have always
had to drive them to war.”

  “Another exception occurs to me,”
said Pachmann, disregarding the last
sentence, “and one to which I would
call your attention, since it occiyred in
a country where’ the people are sup-
posed to govern. It was the people of
the United States who drove their
rulers into the war with Spain.”

  “That is true,” Yard agreed; “and
it was a mistake. The people will some-
times err when their sympathy is ap-
pealed to and their passion aroused.
But the results of that war were, on the
whole, good. A people was freed.”
“And another enslaved,” said Pach-
mann, with a sneer.

  “It was already enslaved,” Vard cor-
rected ; “but I admit that it was con-
tinued in slavery. That was done by
the rulers, not by the people. Had the
people been permitted to decide, the
Philippines would have been free, no
less than Cuba. Their independence
must, of course, be guaranteed when
the United States signs our treaty.”

  “But you admit, as I understand
you,” said Pachmann, returning to the
main point, “that to abolish explosives
will not abolish war.”

  “I admit that, yes. To abolish ex-
plosives is only the first step. The final
step will be the abolition of hereditary
rule.”

  “The abolition of kings?”

  “The abolition of kings, of emperors,
of czars, of princes, of dukes, of all
tyrants, great and small, who, by rea-
son of birth, now claim the right to tax
or oppress or command even the mean-
est of their fellow creatures. There
must be rulers, yes; but it is for the
people themselves to choose the'm, and
then willingly to submit to them.”

  “But you are at this moment treating
with a king,” Pachmann pointed out.

“Can you expect him to agree to sufch a
program?”

  “The world has outgrown kings,” re-
torted Vard. “In any event, another
fifty years will see them all abolished. I
but hasten the end a little—the mil-
lennium. And he will be happier when
he is merely a man like other men.”
“Happiness is not the greatest thing
in the world,” Pachmann objected.

  “And I say it is!” cried Vard, with
sudden violence. “Not our own hap-
piness—no; but the happiness of our
fellow creatures. That is the greatest
thing in the world; the thing for which
every wise and good man labors!”

  There was a moment’s silence. The
prince shifted uneasily in his chair, and
clasped and unclasped his hands. There
had never been such talk as this in the
royal nursery!

  Pachmann’s face was cynical, as he
lighted a fresh cigar.

  “Dreams!” he sneered. “Beautiful
dreams! Do you know' what it is you
are undertaking? You are undertaking
to change human nature.”

  “That is an old cry,” retorted Vard
scornfully. “And what if I were? Hu-
man nature is changing every day ! But
I am not undertaking to change it—I
wish merely to free human nature from
the fetters with which tyrants bind it,
so that it may grow straight and strong,
as God intended.”

  “I am not acquainted with God's in-
tentions,” said Pachmann coldly. “He
does not confide in me. But my philoso-
phy, my observation, and my experience
teach me that the wise man makes the
best of things as they are, accepts the
facts of life, and does what he can. He
sees that the world is too big for him to
overturn, he realizes that there are
many things he cannot understand, his
intelligence sometimes revolts at what
seems to be oppression and injustice.
But he puts away from him the fallacy
that all men are equal—they are not
equal, their very inequality proves it.
Some must rule and some be ruled; for
some life must be pleasanter and more
full of meaning than it is for others ;
some men must be strong and some
weak, just as some women are beautiful
THE ^DEST^ROYE^R

129

and some ugly. It is not their fault; it
is their misfortune, and they suffer for
it. Which brings me to the principal
objection I have to your proposal. It is
this: I believe that we shall find it a
mere waste of time to invite the nations
of the world to sign a treaty for com-
plete disarmament; they distrust each
other, and that distrust has proved too
often to be well founded. The long
centuries have made them jealous, sul-
len, watchful. There is only one mo-
tive which can make them sign—fear—
fear of what may happen if they do
not!”

  “I have already said,” remarked
Vard, “that I am ready to apply com-
pulsion, should it be necessary.”

  “But you are finite,” Pachmann ob-
jected^gently. “You are but an in-
dividual, whose life may end at any mo-
ment ; while, as you yourself have said,
this plan of yours will take long years,
generations perhaps, to consummate.
To perfect it will test the best intellects
of the world. Once begun, it must be
carried through. Do you think it wise
to imperil its success by making it de-
pend so largely on yourself? Besides,
what would be easier than for an un-
willing nation to suppress you ? A
pistol shot, a blow with a knife, and the
brotherhood of man tumbles to pieces.”

  “What is it you propose ?” asked
Vard, who had listened to all this with
growing impatience.

  “I propose that, instead of so great
a task being assumed by an individual,
it be assumed by an entire nation, which
shall pledge its honor to carry it to suc-
cess.”

  “And this nation,” said Vard sar-
castically, “should, of course, in your
opinion, be Germany.”

  “I admit,” replied Pachmann, with
dignity, “that I consider Germany best
fitted to carry out the plan. I think you
will agree with me that, if a single na-
tion is to undertake it, it must be one
of the five great nations. In world poli-
tics, the others are negligible. Well, let
us see. France, a nation of peacocks,
excitable, impressionable, easily an-
gered, making much of trifles, jealous
of their dignity, a dying nation which
^9A

grows smaller and weaker every year.
England, also a degenerate nation,
soaked in gin, where a hundred thou-
sand men are unemployed, and where
no better remedy for pauperism can be
found than universal pensions; which
only make more paupers. Russia, an
ignorant nation, whose ruling class is
composed of men without morals and
without ideals—thieves, and drunkards,
and vain braggarts. There remains
America, and at first glance it might
seem that here is the nation to be in-
trusted with the great work. But, after
all, it is a nation of moneygrubbers,
where wealth is worshiped as no other
nation worships rank; a nation without
culture, without experience in world
politics, without self-control, loudly
vain, inept, wasteful, childish—a na-
tion, in other words, at the awkward age
between youth and manhood.

  “Let us turn now to Germany. I
speak only what is w7ithin the knowledge
of all intelligent men when I say that,
in manufacture, in agriculture, in the
administration of government, in sci-
ence, in literature, in music, in general
culture, Germany is first among na-
tions. Some may quarrel with her mili-
tary policy, but none can question her
progress or her achievements. All other
nations come to Germany to learn. This
is not exaggeration; it is calm statement
of fact. I firmly believe that to-day,
intellectually, morally, materially, Ger-
many is the first nation in the world.
And it is altogether fitting that she
should be chosen as the leader of the
world and arbiter of the affairs of all
nations.”

  Vard had risen from his seat during
the discourse, which was delivered with
emphasis and conviction, and paced
nervously up and down the cabin, his
face drawn, a deep line between his
brows. And Pachmann watched him
curiously. So did the prince watch him,
wondering what he would reply. He
did not leave them long in doubt.

  “In answer to you, Admiral Pach-
mann,” he said, speaking slowly and
carefully, as though weighing every
word, “I can only say this: I do not
dispute Germany’s great achievements;
130

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

no man can do that. It is probably true
that in science, in learning, in general
culture, and in efficiency, she is, as you
say, first among nations. Her people
are a great people—but it is not they
whom you represent. You represent a
hereditary monarch, the only one in
western Europe who still speaks of the
divine right of kings—a man who
would be an absolute autocrat, if he
dared. Supporting him is a powerful
circle of hereditary nobles, whose inter-
est it is to increase in every possible way
the prestige and power of the throne.
At their command, ready to do their
bidding, is a magnificent army and a
great navy. Did your emperor possess
my secret, he could at once declare war
against Europe; he could conquer Eu-
rope, and every German prince would
be a king. My whole purpose would
be warped and debased. Instead of uni-
versal brotherhood, we should have a
single ruling house, imposing its will on
millions of conquered peoples. Instead
of love, we should have world-wide
hate. And I say to you plainly, sir, that,
rather than that such a thing should
come to pass, I will destroy my inven-
tion and leave the world as it is.”

  Pachmann had listened intently, nod-
ding his head from time to time, or
puckering his brows in dissent.

  ‘‘Have you yourself no ambition?” he
asked. “Is there nothing in the way of
honor or position which you desire for
yourself or for your daughter?”

  An ugly sneer curled the inventor's
lips.

  “Bribery—I expected that!” he said.
“No, there is nothing—nothing but the
consciousness that it was I who ended
war!”

  “And your refusal of my first pro-
posal is absolute?”

  “Absolute. I consider it insulting.”
“You will not modify the terms of
your proposal ?”

  “Not in any essential detail.”

  “And if Germany refuses, you go to
France?”

  “That is my intention.”

  “Very well,” and the admiral rose,
too. “The situation is, then, quite clear
to us; there is no longer any shadow of

uncertainty. It is for us to assent or
to refuse. Our answer will be ready
for you in a very short time.”

  Vard bowed, his face very pale, and
stepped to the door. He paused with
his hand on the knob.

  “Remember one thing,” he said; “it
will be better for Germany to lead than
to follow; your emperor will find the
head of the procession much more to
his taste than the tail of it. And it will
be for him either the one or the other!
Good night!” And he opened the door
and was gone.

  Pachmann stood with clenched fists
and flushed face, staring at the spot
where Vard had stood.

  “Fool! Fool!” he muttered. “That
he should think he could defy and
threaten—and still escape! A great
fool, is he not, my prince?”

  The prince awoke, as from a dream.
  “Great, at least!” he said.

CHAPTER XX.

THE PRINCE SEEKS DIVERSION.

  In spite of his protestations, and the
confident manner he assumed wThen with
the prince, Pachmann was, as a matter
of fact, exceedingly disturbed. It was
true that for an individual as humble as
Ignace Vard to hope to stand against
the might of the German empire was
absurd in the extreme; but, perhaps,
Vard was not alone. Perhaps back of
him there was some person or some
power at which even Germany would
pause.

  Two incidents had been distinctly dis-
quieting: the wireless from Lepine and
the assault on Schroeder. The thing
which filled Pachmann with dismay was
not so much these incidents themselves
as the degree of knowledge they indi-
cated. Why did Lepine think Vard was
on the boat? How had he connected
the inventor with the disaster at Tou-
lon ? How had the person who as-
saulted Schroeder known of the con-
ference in the captain’s cabin? How
much had he heard of that conference?
What use would he make of what he
had heard? In a word, did France
THE (DESTtROYBtR

131

suspect what had happened to La
Liberte, and, if so, how much did she
know ?

  A hundred times Pachmann asked
himself these questions, and a hundred
times tried to find some answer to them
other than the obvious answer. He
tried to persuade himself that Lepine
had not connected Vard with the Tou-
lon disaster, but was searching for him
for some other reason; he tried to make
himself believe that the assault on
Schroeder was merely the result of a
seaman’s quarrel; he told himself over
and over again that France could not
suspect, that it was impossible she
should suspect. But he could not con-
vince himself. Always he came back to
the obvious fact that, if Vard was
wanted at all, it could only be for the
affair at Toulon, and that the man who
had taken Schroeder’s place at the door
of the captain’s cabin could only have
dene so because he wanted to hear what
was passing on the other side of it.

  Always, with sinking heart, Pach-
mann came back to this point; and at
such moments he wondered whether,
after all, the emperor would not do
well to lay aside his personal ambition,
to consent to Vard’s proposal, and as-
sume the leadership of this great world
movement, in all good faith. Surely
that would be glory enough! Better,
as Vard had said, to lead than to fol-
low ; better to stand proudly forth at
the head of the movement than to be
whipped into place in the rear.

  And suppose Vard should manage to
escape; suppose he should really get
into touch with France! Pachmann,
closing his eyes, could see a great
fortress leaping into the air; could hear
the thunder of the explosion which de-
stroyed a dreadnaught! It was a
dangerous game he was playing, and
yet, to'accede to Vard’s proposal, meant
the loss of Alsace-Lorraine, meant the
eventual abasement of the Hohenzol-
lerns, the rise of socialism. No, he
could not consent; he had not the
power to consent; he had his instruc-
tions, precise and clear, from the em-
peror himself. At any cost, that power
must be Germany’s, and hers alone!

  At any cost! Pachmann drew a deep
breath. He knew now what the cost
must be. Well, when the moment came,
he should not hesitate!

  Sunday morning found Pachmann Re-
side the assistant purser in the library
of the second cabin, beginning the in-
quiry there. It was even more drastic
than it had been in the first, and the vic-
tims emerged from it heated, angry, and
with the fixed determination never
again to travel by a German boat.
Neither the captain nor the purser
could vouch for any of the undistin-
guished people here, and so each one of
them was most thoroughly examined.
Even those with passports did not
escape. Pachmann examined all such
documents minutely, compared the writ-
ten description point by point with the
appearance of the passenger, and asked
many questions to satisfy himself that
the person presenting it was really the
one to whom it belonged. Yet, in spite
of all this, passenger after passenger
came through the ordeal successfully.

  As the list was called alphabetically,
it was soon the turn of Monsieur Chev-
rial. He approached the table with con-
fidence, produced his passport, and sat
down to await such questions as might
be asked him. Pachmann glanced at
the Frenchman, and his eyes narrowed
with anger, for this impudent person
appeared to be amused at the proceed-
ings ! Then he picked up the passport
and studied it carefully. It had been
issued by the French government two
months previously, as a renewal of a
former passport, to Andre Chevrial,
wine merchant, of 18 Rue des Chan-
tiers, Paris; whose appearance and
physical characteristics were described
in detail. Pachmann compared the
items of the description point by point
with the man who sat smiling so shame-
lessly before him, answering the purs-
er’s questions in an ironical voice. The
very fact that the man was so typically
French and so plainly amused created
in Pachmann’s mind a flare of suspicion
which dilated his nostrils and narrowed
his eyes. But the passport was in per-
fect order, and Chevrial’s answers came
without hesitation.
132

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

  "You are a wine merchant?”

  “Yes.”

  “How long have you been in that
business ?”

  “More years than I cafe to remem-
ber.”

  “That is not an answer.”

  “Let us say twenty years, then.”
  “Always at Paris?”

  “The time before that did not count.”
“Then you have not been always at
Paris ?”

  “Heavens, no! First at Bordeaux;
but for ten years at Paris.”

  “You are well known there?”

  “Ask my neighbors in the Rue des
Chantiers; or cross the street to the
wine market, and ask any one there if
he knows Andre Chevrial! Well
known? But yes!”

  “Is this your first visit to America?”
“Oh, no; nor my second. But it is
my first trip on a boat of Germany,
and will be my last. On the French
boats, my compatriots know me. They
do not annoy me with all these ques-
tions.”

  It was Pachmann who asked the next
one:

  “How does it happen that you travel
this time by a German boat?”

  Chevrial shrugged his shoulders:
“Because there was no French one.
It is necessary that I be in New York
on Wednesday. There was no other
boat that wTould arrive in time. Had
there been, *1 would have taken it.”

“So you do not like German boats?”
“I like nothing German,” said Chev-
rial calmly. “Least of all, this inquisi-
tion, which, it seems to me, demands
some explanation.”

  “It is for the immigration bureau,”
the purser hastened to explain. “The
American laws are very strict.”

  “The laws do not concern me. I am
not an immigrant. I am merely one
who goes on business, and who returns.
My papers are in order, are they not?”

  . The purser was forced to confess that
they were.

  “Then,” said Chevrial, returning them
to his pocket, “if there are any further
questions to be answered, I will wait
until I get to the pier at New York to

answer them. I shall at least have the
pleasure of talking to an American!”
And he got up and left the library.

  Pachmann was furious; but he had
no excuse for holding the fellow, nor
for examining his baggage. In search
of such excuse, he dispatched a wireless
to the agent of his government at Brus-
sels, directing him to secure at once all
the information available about Andre
Chevrial, 18 Rue des Chantiers, Paris;
and that evening a very polite gentle-
man called at the house in- question. It
was a tall, hideous house, with a cabaret
on the first floor. To its proprietor the
visitor addressed himself. But yes, the
proprietor knew Monsieur Chevrial, a
merchant of wine, who had honored his
house for many years by occupying an
apartment on the third floor. His pres-
ent whereabouts? Ah, the proprietor
could not say; Monsieur Chevrial made
many journeys in the interests of his
business; he was absent at the present
time. It was the season of his annual
trip to America; perhaps he was now
on his way thither. He had left no
address; but if monsieur wished to
write a letter, it would be sent forward
as soon as an address was received.

  The visitor declined to write a letter,
but left his card—or, at least, a card—
to be given to Monsieur Chevrial upon
his return. Then he took his leave.
And the proprietor stuck the card in
the frame of the dirty mirror back of
the bar, chuckling to himself.

  A report of all which Pachmann duly
received by radio next day.

  The prince, meanwhile, was finding
the voyage wearisome. He was not a
difficult person to amuse, and he was
very expert in the gentle art of killing
time; he had done little else since he
emerged from the nursery; but here,
on shipboard, he possessed none of the
implements with which he usually car-
ried on that slaughter. He could sit in
the smoking room with a tall stein be-
fore him, he could stroll about the deck
and stare at the sea, which he did not
care for; but there was no one to talk
to. His subjects of conversation were
limited, and all of them were associated
THE cDESTcROYEcR

133

mo’*e or less with his princely charac-
ter ; here, where, for the first time in
his life, he found himself divested of
that princely character, he was com-
pletely at a loss. The trouble was that
he had no sense of humor—he was a
German through and through! S'o he
found it impossible to gossip with
plebeian unknowns, or engage in card
games with irreverent middle-class
artisans and drummers. He could not
even carry on a flirtation with any of
the pretty girls! He had attempted it
with one of them; but after a very few
minutes she had left him with her chin
in the air, and an exclamation which
sounded singularly like “Beast I” What
is gallantry in a prince is impertinence
or worse in a less privileged person!

  Remember, our prince was merely a
good-natured, thick-headed, young man,
who had always been compelled to take
himself seriously, whose life had been
ordered for him from day to day to its
minutest detail; who had never been
called upon to use his wits in earnest.
There had always been some one to do
his thinking for him; there had always
been the routine of drill and study to fill
a certain portion of every day; and
there had always been the fearful de-
light of escaping from his father’s eye
and roaming the streets of Berlin in
quest of adventure. But here on ship-
board, jthe day was twenty-four empty
hours long, arrd even Pachmann had de-
serted him, to spend his time asking
the passengers interminable questions,
whose purpose the prince could not in
the least understand.

  So, on this Sunday morning, having
attended the services in the dining
saloon for want of something else to do,
and kept awake with great difficulty,
having smoked innumerable cigarettes,
having snubbed an ill-mannered Amer-
ican whose manner was distinctly fresh,
having tramped up and down the decks,
and looked into the library to find Pach-
mann still asking questions, questions,
the prince made a sudden daring resolu-
tion, walked quickly forward, ascended
to the first-class promenade, and looked
about for Ignace Vard. With the in-
ventor, at least, he need wear no dis-

guise, and he simply must talk to some-
body. Besides, the inventor’s talk gave
him a good feeling at the heart—the
feeling that he might really some day
do something worth while! Pachmann
would disapprove, of course; but who
was Pachmann ? A younger son of the
inferior nobility! He must remind
Pachmann of that, some day, for he
seemed to have forgotten it since the
emperor had taken him up!

  He found the object of his search
leaning against the rail, far forward,
staring ahead at the path the ship was
taking. Vard greeted him with evident
pleasure.

  “You have come to arrange for the
final conference ?” he asked.

  The prince shook his head.

  “I know no more of that than you,”
he said.

  “But I was assured that your decision
would be made at once. My plans de-
pend upon your answer. This is Sun-
day. On Tuesday we reach New
York.”

  “I know nothing," repeated the
prince. “I have not spoken with the
admiral to-day—indeed, I have scarcely
spoken to him for three days. On Fri-
day and Saturday, and again to-day, he
has spent every moment in an examina-
tion of the passengers.”

  “Why does he do that?” asked Vard
quickly.

  “I do not know.”

  Vard glanced at the prince, and his
face softened a, little.

  “So you have been left to amuse your-
self,” he said, “and, not succeeding very
well, have come to me? Is that it?”

  “Yes,” said the prince; "I must talk
to some one, and I find that I cannot
talk with people who do not know who
I am. The men offend me, the women
I offend.”

  This time there was genuine friendli-
ness in Vard’s face.

  “Poor fellow!” he laughed. “Well, I
have never acted as court jester, but I’m
willing to try. Come along.”

  He led the way back along the deck
and opened a door.

  “This is my room,” he said. “Come
134

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

in. You should feel more at home here
than I do, for it is an imperial suite.”
The prince assented gravely, entered,
and the inventor, his eyes dancing,
closed the door.

 “Sit down,” he said. “You may
smoke,” and he proceeded to roll him-
self a cigarette. “This is your first
visit to America? Yes? The first thing
you will notice is that not many Amer-
icans smoke cigarettes. Until quite re-
cently, the cigarette was believed to be
in some mysterious way debauching; no
one but degenerates were supposed to
smoke them. Even yet that is the pre-
vailing opinion outside a few of the
large cities.”

 “Most curious,” commented the
prince, and blew a smoke ring toward
the ceiling.

  ‘‘Outside of New York, which is
fairly cosmopolitan, there is the same
prejudice against wine or beer, or any
fermented or distilled spirit. No pub-
lic man, no teacher in a public school or
university, no physician, no professional
man—no man, in a word, who depends
upon public opinion, public approval,
for a livelihood—would dare sit at a
table on the sidewalk and drink a glass
of beer or a liqueur. He might do it
once, and escape with the reputation of
an eccentric; but to do it twice would
be to brand himself as not trustworthy.”
“Astonishing!” said the prince. “Do
you speak seriously ?”

  “Very seriously. Some of the States
have even enacted laws that no alco-
holic beverage of any kind may be sold
within their borders.”

  “But,” stammered the prince, staring,
“do you call that liberty? No country
of Europe would dare enact such a
law!”

  “No; it is not liberty; it is govern-
ment by the majority. The wonderful
thing, the astonishing thing, the inspir-
ing thing about it is that in this, and in
all other questions, the minority accepts
its defeat without grumbling, and makes
the best of it. That is the great lesson
which the United States has for the re-
mainder of the world. And, to preserve
itself, it need keep no class in subjec-
tion, need draft no man for service in

its armies—for it is a government
founded on the consent of the gov-
erned.”

  He was silent a moment, considering,
perhaps, how to use most wisely this
opportunity.

  “Let us apply that principle to the
other countries of the world,” he went
on, at last. “Let us suppose that the
people of each country were asked to
choose freely for themselves their form
of government. How many of the
present governments would stand that
test ? Do you think the government of
Germany would ?”

  “No,” said the prince; “I suppose
not. Our people are all socialists, so
my father says. But they are not fit
to govern.”

  “Whose fault is that? Have you
tried to make them fit? Besides, their
fitness or unfitness has nothing to do
with it. It is their country; let them
grow fit by experience. But I believe
they arc fit. How many of your great
men have come from humble life?”
“Oh, a great many, I dare say!” an-
swered the prince impatiently. “But a
body needs a head. It must be gov-
erned by a head, not by a stomach!”
“Ah,” said Vard, “but, as a matter of
fact, every body is governed by its
stomach. Not till the stomach is satis-
fied does the head get a chance. And,
to govern wisely, the head must be a
part of the body, not something distinct
from it. How is it to govern wisely, if
it is not always in close touch with the
body, aware of its every need? It is
only when the head is distinct from the
body that it lets the body starve, and
wastes its substance on vain and un-
necessary things.”

  “I suppose,” said the prince, with a
smile, “that you refer to our army and
navy.”

  “To the army and navy of every na-
tion. Could the people choose, how
many battleships would Germany build
next year ?”

  The prince shrugged his shoulders
helplessly.

  “How can I answer such questions?
I do not know. But I do know that I
THE cDESTcROYE<R

135

have been born in a certain position,
and that I must maintain it.”

  “Why?” Vard demanded.

  “For the sake of my honor, and the
honor of my house,” answered the
prince simply.

 “Honor!” cried Vard. “What do
princes know of honor? Is it honorable
to live on the sweat and suffering of
others, and to make them no return?
Is it honorable to be supported by the
toil of women and children, whose men
you have taken for your army? Is it

honorable-”

  He stopped suddenly, for the door
had opened, and a girl came in. She
stared first at one man and then at the
other, evidently astonished by the few
words she had heard. Then she moved
to withdraw. But Vard stopped her.

  “Don’t go, my dear,” he said. “Al-
low me to present you to a prince of the
house of Hohenzollern! Prince, this is
my daughter, Kasia.”

CHAPTER XXI.

  ON THE EDUCATION OF PRINCES.

  The prince sprang to his feet and
bowed low over the hand which Kasia,
after an instanfs startled hesitation, had
extended. Her father watched the scene
with an amused face.

  “You arrived most opportunely, my
dear,” he said. “The prince, being
bored, as is the way with princes, came
to me, asking to be amused. I started
out to amuse him by describing certain
strange customs of America, which he
is about to visit for the first time; but
I was soon on my hobby again, and in-
stead of amusing him-”

  “You were abusing him!” said Kasia,
laughing. “At least, it sounded so to
me!”

  “Oh, not at all!” the prince hastened
to assure her. “I found what he was
saying most interesting.”

  But Vard, with that quick change of
mood characteristic of his temperament,
had already decided that it was not
worth while attempting to rear any seed
from this barren soil. The prince’s in-
tentions were good enough, but they

would .come to nothing—his father
would s$e to that!

  “Nevertheless,” said Vard, “I am not
an amusing companion. I am too much
of a preacher, and no one likes to be
shouted at. I would suggest, Kasia, that
you take his highness for a tour of the
deck.”

  The prince’s face brightened wonder-
fully.

  “That would, indeed, be kind!” he
said.

  Kasia looked at him with a little
smile. Perhaps the opportunity of talk-
ing familiarly with royalty piqued her,
good democrat as she was; besides, he
wras not a bad-looking fellow. One
could see that he was not brilliant, but
he at least looked clean and honest.

  “If you really wish it,” she agreed.

  For answer, (the prince sprang to the
door.

  “One moment,” V ard interposed.
“You will remember, Kasia, that the
prince is incognito, and that, under no
circumstances, must you betray to any
spectator or listener who he is.”

  “I will remember, father,” said Kasia,
and followed the prince out upon the
deck.

  Wherefore it presently came to pass
that Dan Webster, staring gloomily
down from the after boat deck upon the
flitting beauties of the first-class prom-
enade, beheld the lady of his dreams
strolling beside a well-set-up young fel-
low, whose face seemed vaguely famil-
iar, and in whose conversation she was
evidently deeply interested—so inter-
ested, that she finally climbed with him
to a seat on the upper deck; and when
they sat down, Dan saw that the young
fellow sat very close, indeed. He stared
incredulously for a moment longer, and
then turned angrily away, to bump
violently into Monsieur Chevrial, who
was also staring.

  “What the--” Dan began, and then

stopped himself. What right had this
Frenchman to stare? But then, for that
matter, what right had he?

  Chevrial was the first to recover him-
self. He glanced at Dan’s disturbed
countenance, and smiled as he read his
thought.
136

THE cPOcPULAcR MAGAZINE

  “I was surprised to see a passenger
of the second class so calmly enjoying
the privileges of the forward deck,” he
explained. ‘‘If any one was to enjoy
those privileges, I should have expected
it to be you.”

  “So he is second class! I thought he
looked somewhat familiar. I remember,
now.”

  ‘‘He is undoubtedly the same young
German we have seen so frequently
pacing this deck/’ said Chevrial. “I
fancy he is lonely and desires amuse-
ment. But, at the same time, I fear
that you lack enterprise, Monsieur
Webster. That is not like an Amer-
ican.”

  Dan flushed, and started to stalk
away, but Chevrial laid a hand upon his
arm.

  “No, do not be angry with me,” he
said. “I beg your pardon. It will
please you to know that that young man
yonder is one of the very few persons
on this boat with whom Miss Vard may
talk unconstrainedly. No doubt that is
why she appears so glad to see him.”
With which cryptic utterance, Mon-
sieur Chevrial went below, and left Dan
to bitter meditation.

  Kasia, meanwhile, was enjoying her-
self immensely.

  “Now,” she said, leaning back in the
seat, after a glance around to assure
herself that there was no one within
hearing, “please tell me what it is like
to be a prince. Don’t you get fright-
fully lonesome, sometimes?”

  “That was my complaint to-day, when
I sought yotir father.”

  “Yes—but always, always to stand
apart from other men and women, so
that they never dare be quite open with
you, quite frank with you, always a lit-
tle in awe of you.”

  “Not many people I know are in awe
of me,” said the prince. “Most of them
consider me something of a fool—they
do not say so, but I can read it in their
faces. My father thinks me a total fool,
and does not hesitate to say so.”

  “He must be a terrible man!”

  ‘He is,” agreed the prince, with con-
viction.

. Kasia looked at him to see if he was
in earnest; then turned away her head
for an instant, until she could control
her lips.

  “How does it happen that you speak
English so well ?” she asked.

  “My father required it. It is the re-
sult of many weary hours, I assure you.
However,’’ added the prince, “I ought
not to complain, since it has secured for
me the present hour.”

  It was the first time Kasia had ever
been made the mark for a royal compli-
ment, and she flushed a little in spite of
herself.

  “It is nice of you to say so!” she
murmured. “So you have had your
bad times, too ?”

  “Bad times, Miss Vard! Why, the
life that I have led has been a dog’s life.
There were so many things that I must
know—that we all must know—so many
things we must not do. I have often
gazed from the windows of the palace
and envied the boys in the gutter!”
"Not really!”

  “Oh, not really, of course. I would
not change. W'hat I envied them was
their liberty, their freedom to come and
go as it pleased them.”

  “But since you are of age?”

  “Even yet, each moment must be ac-
counted for. I am now a lieutenant in
the navy, and am supposed to employ
each hour profitably. My father is a
very great man; there are few things
that he does not know; and he expects
his sons to know as much. Even of pic-
tures, which bore me; even of music,
which distresses me. Everything is ar-
ranged. At such a time, I am to be
with my ship; again, I am to attend the
opera; again, I am to be present at the
opening of a museum; again, I must
listen to a long address which I do not
understand. I may not even choose my
own wife. All that is arranged.”

  “But no doubt,” Kasia suggested,
amused at his forlorn aspect, “your
father will choose more wisely than you
would.”

  “I do not know,” said the prince dis-
consolately. “I fear that he will con-
sider birth and position of more im-
portance than youth and beauty. Be-
THE <DEST<ROYE<R

137

sides, there are some things a man likes
to do for himself. My poor sister, now

would-”

  He stopped, for, under the stimulus
of Miss Vard’s sympathy, he found
himself about to betray a family secret.

  "Yes, I can understand that,” said
Kasia, with more tenderness than she
had yet shown. “You don’t mind my
talking frankly to you ?”

  “I love to be talked frankly to,” pro-
tested the prince.

  This was very far from the truth,
only the prince didn’t know it. What
he really loved was flattery disguised as
frankness. In this, he resembled most
other human beings.

  “Well, then,” said Kasia, “if you
don’t like it, if you find it intolerable,
why don’t you cut and run?”

  “Cut and run?”

  “Yes; go away by yourself, be a free
man, and marry the woman you love.
For, of course, there is such a woman?”
“Oh, yes;” and the prince thought of
the blue-eyed daughter of the shop-
keeper in the Friedrichstrasse, just off
Unter den Linden; however, he had
never thought of ma*riage in collection
with her. "But suppose I should do
that,” he added, “how should I live?”
“How do other men live? By
work!”

  “But that would be a disgrace!”
“Disgrace! It isn’t half so disgrace-
ful as to live by the work of other
men.”

  “Your father said something of the
same sort to me. But I fear that neither
of you understand. A prince cannot
do such things.”

  Kasia threw up her hands.

  “So we come back to the beginning
of the circle!” she cried.

  “Besides, my father would not permit
it,” added the prince.

  “Aren’t you of age?”

  “Yes—but he is the head of the fam-
ily. He would have me brought home
—>even from a desert island—and then
I should be confined. Even my elder
brother is sometimes confined—sep-
arated from his wife, from his children,
permitted to see no one.”

  “Poor prince!” said Kasia. “So you

are a slave, like the rest of us—rather
worse than the rest of us, indeed! Is
there nothing you can do?”

  “Very few things,” said the prince,
beginning really to pity himself. “You
see, there is always my family to con-
sider—nothing must be done to injure
its position or to make it less popular.
Even my father very often may not say
what he thinks, or do what he wishes.”
“So he is a slave, too!”

  “Yes, in a way. And it grows worse
and worse. Often, in private, he
laments the old days when a king was
really a king, who was venerated, and
whose word was law. He grows very
angry that at each election there are
more socialists. He says that the only
hope for the country is in a great war;
it is for that he prepares.”

  “How would a great war help?”
“Oh, in face of the common danger,
our people would forget their differ-
ences, for they all love their fatherland ;
they would fight shoulder to shoulder.
And then, when it was over, they would
all be mad with joy over the victory,
and there would be new provinces to
add to Germany, and an immense tax
levied on our enemy to pay the ex-
penses of the war, so that our own peo-
ple would not have to bear that burden.
It would all be just as it was after the
war with France, when every German
was filled with patriotism, and when
Germany for the first time became one
country. Our house would again be
well beloved, its authority unques-
tioned.” •

  “But suppose you are defeated?”
“WTe shall not be defeated,” said the
prince calmly. "There is no nation in
the world which could defeat Germany
—except, perhaps, the United States.
But we shall not go to war with the
United States. England will be our
foe, and you will see her tumble to
pieces like a house of cards. She is but
an empty shell.”

  Kasia sat for a moment considering
all this. If this was really what was in
the kaiser’s mind—and she could
scarcely doubt it—it was foolish to sup-
pose that he would consent to disarma-
ment.
138

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “What you have told me is not very
promising for universal peace/’ she said,
at last.

  “There can be no universal peace un-
til we have humiliated England,” re-
plied the prince. “That is the belief of
all good Germans. The conflict must
come soon, and we strain every nerve
to prepare for it. I betray no secret
when I tell you this. All Europe
knows it. England struggles also to
prepare, but we are always far ahead.
When we are quite ready, we shall
strike. Then, after we have won, after
we have established Germany as the
first nation of Europe, we shall be
ready for peace. But we must have one
more great victory. The welfare of
our house demands it.”

  As he spoke, his eyes rested on the
top of the companionway leading from
the lower deck, and he started violently,
for a face had appeared there—a face
which looked at him sternly, almost
threateningly. It was the face of Pach-
mann. Without a word, it disappeared.
The prince turned nervously to his
companion.

  “Pardon me, Miss Yard,” he said,
“but I must go. And do not think too
seriously of my chatter. I am not ad-
mitted to councils of state; I know only
what every one knows. We Germans,
we have our dreams; but, perhaps, they
are only that.”

  He arose, opened his lips to say some-
thing more, then changed his mind,
bowed, and hurried away. Kasia stared
after him. She had not seen that silent
summons. But he did not look back.

  An hour later, Pachmann, with a
countenance distinctly troubled, sought
out Ignace Vard, who was reading in
his room.

  “The prince has been talking to your
daughter,” he said.

  Vard looked at him in stirprise.

  “I sent them out together,” he ex-
plained. “I thought, perhaps, Kasia
would amuse him—and be amused.”

  “Has she told you nothing?”

  Again Vard glanced at him.

 “No. Has she reason for com-
plaint ?”

  “I did not mean that. I dare say he
behaved decently enough. But he
spouted a lot of childish nonsense about
German hopes and German ambitions,
and I feared your daughter might take
him seriously. He is nothing but an
ignorant young ass.”

  Vard laid aside his book and looked
Pachmann full in the face.

  “The truth comes sometimes from the
mouths of fools,” he said. “When am I
to have my answer?”

  “The truth is,” answered Pachmann
readily, “that I am afraid to give it to
you on board this boat. I chose this
boat because I believed we should be
safe here. But there are spies on board;
one of our conferences has been over-
heard—perhaps both of them,” and he
told of the assault upon Schroeder.
“Then, again, we must not be seen too
much together. I might be recognized;
and you are already suspected of having
caused the destruction of La Liberte.”
“How can that be?” Vard demanded,
in a tone which showed that he was
genuinely startled.

  For answer, Pachmann took from his
pocketbook a paper, unfolded it, and
handed it to Vard. It was the wireless
from Lepine.

  “That was received last Thursday,”
he said. “I suppose you know who
Lepine is. By great good fortune, I
intercepted it, and sent an answer de-
nying that you were on board. It was
for that reason you were removed to
the first class, and your name kept off
the passenger list. But how can he have
suspected you?”

  Yard shook his head slowly. He was
a little pale, and the hand which held
the message trembled.

  “I cannot guess,” he said.

  “You have told no one?”

  “Told!” flashed Vard. “Do you not
see that, unless my great plan succeeds,
that action will have been an infamous
one? To kill three hundred men in or-
der to assure peace to the world—that
may be justified—that may even be
heroic; but to kill them wantonly, to kill
them and then to fail—that would drive
me mad!” He looked at Pachmann, his
eyes suddenly inflamed. “And let me
THE tDEST^O YECR.

139

tell you this,” he added, in a voice of
concentrated passion, “if I find that you
have deceived me, if I find that you
have betrayed me, Germany shall suffer
a reprisal that will make you shudder!
I swear it!”

  Pachmann’s eyes were also suffused.
In that moment, he literally saw red.

  “You threaten!’’ he cried hoarsely.
“You dare to threaten!”

  “I warn!” said Vard. “And you will
do well to heed the warning! You are
playing with fire—take care that it does
not consume you!”

  Pachmann conquered his emotion by
a supreme effort.

   “It is foolish to talk in that way,” he
said. “It is foolish to speak of decep-
tion and betrayal. There is no question
of either. But we must move cau-
tiously. We must evade these spies.
Even you can see that!”

  “Here is my last word,” said Vard,
more calmly. “We shall reach New
York on Tuesday. I will await your
answer for twenty-four hours after we
have landed. If I have not then re-
ceived it, I shall consider myself free
to act as I think best.”

  A gleam of triumph flashed in Pach-
mann’s eyes.

  “I accept your condition,” he said,
with a little ironical bow, rose, and left
the cabin.

CHAPTER XXII.

THE EVENTS OF MONDAY.

  Kasia did not see the prince again.
That ingenuous young man'had spent a
most uncomfortable half hour with the
doughty admiral, whose language had
been both lucid and emphatic, and who
had opened the discussion, and spiked
the prince’s guns at the very start, as it
were, by producing the paper sealed
with the imperial seal.

  “I would call your attention espe-
cially to this clause,” said Pachmann,
and placed his finger upon the words,
“all members of my family“It was
not placed there by accident, I assure
you. You understand its meaning?”
The prince nodded sullenly, as he
handed the paper back.

  “Your father,” Pachmann continued,
replacing it in his pocket, “foresaw that
some difficulty such as this might arise.
As you know, his confidence in you is
not great.”

  The prince flushed and opened his
lips angrily; but closed them again
without speaking.

  Pachmann smiled unpleasantly.

  “I can guess what you wish to say,”
he said. “You would remind me that
you are a Hohenzollern, a prince of the
blood, a scion of the house to which I,
a petty member of the inferior nobility,
owe allegiance. That I do not permit
myself to forget. But in this affair, by
virtue of this paper, I stand in place of
your royal father. He would not hes-
itate to rebuke you, and neither shall I.
What was it you were saying to Miss
Vard?”

  And the prince, after a moment's in-
ward struggle, repeated the conversa-
tion, while Pachmann listened frown-
ingly.

  “You have been most indiscreet,” he
said severely, when the prince had fin-
ished. “How much harm you have
done I cannot say—but I must hasten
to undo it. I do not understand you.
You know how important this affair is
—you are a good German!—and yet
you go about talking in this fashion ! It
is enough to drive one mad! If your
father learned of it, -1 fear he would
think it necessary to punish you with
great severity. I shall not report it—
but on one condition : you must give me
your word to discuss affairs of state
with no one, to make no chance ac-
quaintances, and to see this girl or her
father only in my presence.”

  And so deeply grounded was the habit
of obedience, so profound his respect
even for his father’s signature, that the
prince promised. Besides, he had no
wish to spend a year or more in some
second-rate fortress; and he resolved to
watch himself most warily, until this
annoying business was at an end, and
he was back again in Berlin.

  So Kasia saw him no more. She had
a little struggle with herself before she
finally decided that it was her duty to
outline the prince’s confessions to her
140

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

father, and she was deeply relieved
when he waved them aside as of no im-
portance.

  “Every one knows,” he said, “that
Germany dreams of nothing but humil-
iating England; that is no secret—it has
been the talk of Europe for ten years
past. But it is one of those dreams
which never come true—or go by con-
traries !”

  By noon of Monday, Pachmann had
completed his scrutiny of the passen-
gers, and sought an interview with the
captain.

  “I have discovered nothing,” he said;
“absolutely nothing. At one time, I
thought that I had the man, but I
caused his story to be investigated, and
found that it was true. There remains
only one thing to be done. At what
hour shall we land?”

  “That will depend upon the delay at
quarantine. Two of our steerage pas-
sengers are ill. We may not be able to
dock before evening.”

  Pachmann considered this for a mo-
ment.

  “In the first place,” he went on, at
last, following out his thought, “you
must secure for me two landing tickets
—one for Vard and one for his
daughter. The immigration officer must
not see them. There must be no evidence
that they ever reached New York.”
Hausmann’s face clouded.

  “That is a very serious offense,” he
pointed out.

  “We must take the risk.”

  “What will you do about their bag-
gage ?”

  “I will have it claimed by some one
from the consulate.”

  The captain hesitated yet a moment.

  “I will secure the tickets,” he agreed
finally. “A considerable outlay will be
necessary.”

  “You will be reimbursed. Further-
more,” Pachmann added, “I will myself
explain to the emperor how greatly you
have assisted us.”

  Captain Hausmann bowed coldly.

  “Is there anything else?” he asked.
  “You have watched the wireless?”
  “Yes.”

  “It must be watched even more
closely. No message in cipher, nor any
that is at all questionable, must be sent
or delivered. If there are complaints
afterward, the failure can he explained
as an oversight.”

  Again Hausmann bowed.

  “And, finally,” said Pachmann, “I
have here a message, which I would ask
you to have sent at once.”

  It was in cipher, and a long one, and
it took half an hour to transmit, for the
wireless man at the Block Island sta-
tion was required to repeat it for veri-:
fication. Then it was hurried on by
telegraph to New York, and finally de-
livered at the Gernian consulate, where
the chief of the German secret service,
to whom it was addressed, read it with
great care.

  Miss Vard, meanwhile, was finding
the hours long. The prince had fur-
nished a slight divertisement the day be-
fore ; but to-day there was no such re-
lief in sight, and she found herself
singularly restless. This was, in part,
a reflection of her father’s mood, for
she had never known him so nervous
and irritable. The lines in his face had
deepened, his eyes were brighter than
ever, and he waved her impatiently
away whenever she ventured to ad-
dress him. Plainly, a crisis was at hand,
and, as she saw how her father was
affected, she awaited it with foreboding.

  She tried to read, and gave it up, for
she could not fix her attention on the
page; she sat for a long time looking at
the sea, and then turned her eyes away,
for its restlessness increased her own;
she went for a walk about the deck, but
it seemed to her in every pair of eyes
turned upon her there was suspicion and
aversion. How glad she was that the
voyage was almost ended! It had
started happily enough, and then, quite
suddenly, it had become wearisome and
hateful.

  It was inevitable that, at this point,
her thoughts should fly to Dan. What
a nice boy he was! She would see him
to-morrow night—she had promised
him that! And before that? Would
it be too undignified for her to steal up
THE (DESTROYS'7?

141

again to that bench on the after boat
deck—would it—would it precipitate
njatters? She did not want to do that,

and yet-

  “Good afternoon,” said a voice, and
some one fell into step beside her, and
she looked up and saw that it was Dan.
For an instant, she fancied it was only
the vizualization of her own thoughts;
then she winked the mists away.

  “This is nice of you/’ she said. “I
was just wishing for—some one. I
was dreadfully bored.”

  “You were a thousand miles away. I
passed you twice, and you didn’t even
see me. If it hadn’t been for my news-
paper training, I’d have run away to my
den.”

  “I’m very glad you didn’t. I really
wanted to talk to you.”

  “Suppose we go up on the boat deck,”

said Dan, “where you-”

  He stopped.

  “Where I what?”

  Dan led the way up the ladder with-
out replying; but a gleam of under-
standing penetrated Miss Vard’s mind
when she saw him go straight to the
bench where she and the prince had
sat.

  “It was this way/’ Dan explained, sit-
ting down beside her. “I happened to
be staring down at the forward prom-
enade, yesterday afternoon, when I saw
you walking with a tall young fellow,
who seemed exceedingly interested in
you. Naturally, I was a little curious,
as he happened to be a second-class

passenger, like myself-”

  “Second class!” broke in Kasia, and
stopped herself.

  “Did you think him a millionaire?”
queried Dan, a little bitterly.

  “No,” answered Kasia quietly; “I
thought him just what he is—an ingenu-
ous young German, not very brilliant,
perhaps, but clean and honest. I passed
a very pleasant half hour with him.”
Dan’s face was a little pale, but he
looked at her manfully and squared his
shoulders.

  “I deserved that!” he said. “Thank
you, Miss Vard. But it was very
lonely, last night!”

  Kasia’s look softened.

  “Yes,” she agreed; “it was.”

  “You have felt it, too?” asked Dan,
his face lighting up again.

  “Certainly I have felt it. I haven't
dared make any friends among the first-
class passengers, and a person can’t read
all the time! One likes to talk occa-
sionally, no matter with whom.”

  “Why not slip over to second class
to-night,” Dan suggested, “and sit on
the bench. The moon is very beauti-
ful.”

  But Kasia shook her head, smiling.

  “I shall have to admire it alone,” she
said. “We must not be seen so much
together—it is not wise for us to sit
here. Suppose some one, seeing us to-
gether, should take it into his mind to
search your baggage, and should find

that little package-”

  “He wouldn’t find it,” Dan broke in.
“During the day, I carry it in my
pocket. At night, I sleep with it under
my pillow.”

  Kasia gave him a quick glance.

  “That is splendid!” she said quickly.
“And you don’t even wish to' know
what it is ?”

  “Not unless you wish to tell me.
There is one danger, though. If the
customs inspector should happen to run
across it, he will want to know what
it is.”

  “Tell him it is an electrical device.”
  “And if he opens it?”

  “That will do no harm. All he will
find is a small metal box, filled with
tiny wires coiled about each other.”
Dan breathed more freely.

  ■ “That simplifies things,” he said.
“From what you said when you gave
it to me, I was afraid I might have to
knock him down, snatch the package,
and make a break for it.”

  “No,” and Kasia smiled. “It would
appear of value only to some one who
knew what it was. The customs inspec-
tor doesn’t count.”

  “And to-morrow evening, say at eight
o’clock, I shall bring it up to you.”
“Very well. I shall expect you. And
now you must go.”

  Dan rose obediently.

  “It will be a long twenty-four hours,”
he said. “But I feel more cheerful than
142

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

I did. By the way,” he added, turnirig
back, “there’s one thing I forgot to tell
you. If that other young fellow shows
up again, you needn’t be afraid to talk
to him. Chevrial says he’s about the
only one on the ship you are safe' to
talk freely with!”

  “Chevrial!” she repeated, staring;
“Chevrial said that!”

  “Yes,” and Dan laughed. “He seems
to be the wise guy, all right!” and with-
out suspecting her emotion, he turned
and left her. But for a long time Kasia
sat there, unmoving, trying to under-
stand.

  Dan’s evening was not so lonely as he
had expected, for, as he sat on the
bench on the boat deck, staring out
across the water, and thinking of the
morrow, Chevrial joined him.

  “I do not intrude?” the Frenchman
asked.

  “Not at all. Sit down, won’t you?”
Chevrial sat down, and for some mo-
ments there was silence.

  “Our voyage nears an end. Monsieur
Webster,” Chevrial said at last. “To-
morrow you will be home again. Per-
haps I may gee you in New York.”
“Where will you stay?”

  “I have some friends in the wine
trade with whom I usually stay. The
little money I pay them is welcome to
them, and I am more comfortable than
at a hotel. I do not know their exact
address—they have moved since I was
last here; but they are to meet me at the
pier.”

  “Whenever you have a leisure even-
ing,” said Dan, “call up the Record of-
fice and ask for me, and we will have
dinner together.”

  “Thank you. I shall remember. And
I should like you to meet my friends. I
do not know if you are. a connoisseur
of wine, but if you are, they possess a
few bottles of a vintage that will delight
you.”

  “I’m far from being a connoisseur,”
Dan laughed; “but I accept the invita-
tion with thanks.”

  Chevrial’s face was bright.

  “And when next you come to Paris/’
he added, “I hope you will let me know.

There is my card. A letter to that ad-
dress will always reach me—we have no
telephone, alas! There are some things
I should delight to show you—things
which the average_visitor does not see.”
“You are very kind,” said Dan, tak-
ing the card, “and I shall not forget;
though I don’t expect to get abroad
again very soon. You see, I have to
collect a reserve fund, first; and the
cost of living is high!”

  “Whenever it is; and the more soon,
the better I shall be pleased.”

 “How long will you be in New
York?”

  “A week—ten days, perhaps. Then I
go to Boston, and to Montreal, and
Quebec, and thence home again. I am
glad I shall not have to use a German
boat. I do not like German boats—nor
anything German, for the matter of
that! Which reminds me of a most pe-
culiar circumstance. You may have
wondered at my remark with reference
to that young man who was strolling
with Miss Vard?”

  “That she could talk with him with-
out fear? Yes, I have wondered just
what you meant by it.”	^

  “I may be mistaken—but I should like
your judgment. In the library, among
the other books, is one which describes
the life of the kaiser and his family—
it is put there, I suppose, for all good
Germans to read. It is illustrated by
many photographs. In looking at the
photographs, one of them impressed me
as curiously familiar; if I should hap-
pen to be correct, it would make a most
startling article for your newspaper.
But I wish you to judge for yourself.
You will find the book lying on the
table in the library, and the photograph
in question is on page ninety-eight. If
you will look at it, and then return here,
I should consider it a favor.”

  Considerably astonished, Dan de-
scended to the library, found the book,
and turned to page ninety-eight. Yes,
there was a photograph of the emperor,
with the empress and Princess Vic-
toria ; another of the crown prince, with
his wife and children; another of the
princes—Eitel-Frederick, August, Os-
car, Adalbert-
THE <DEST<ROYE<R

143

  And Dan, looking at it, felt his eye-
balls bulge, for he found himself gaz-
ing at the face of Kasia Vard’s com-
panion.

  He told himself he was mistaken;
closed his eyes for an instant, and then
looked again. There was certainly a
marvelous resemblance. If it should
really be the same—Dan’s head whirled
at thought of the story it would make T
He closed the book, at last, climbed
slowly back to the boat deck, and sat
down again beside Monsieur Chevrial.

  “Well?” asked the latter. ‘What do
you think of it?”

  “If they are not the same man, they
are remarkably alike,” said Dan.

  “I believe they are the same.”

  “But it seems too grotesque. Why
should a Hohenzollern travel second
class, dressed in a shabby walking suit,
and without attendants?”

  “There is a middle-aged German with
him, who is, no doubt, his tutor, or
guardian, or jailer—whichever you may
please to call it.”

  “His jailer?”

  Chevrial smiled.

  “The emperor is a father of the old
school, and punishes his sons occasion-
ally by imprisonment or banishment un-
der guard. I fancy that is the case here.
Before I left Paris, I heard rumors of
indiscretions on the prince’s part with
a young lady in Berlin, which had made
his father very angry. At least, it is
worth investigating.”

  “It certainly is,” agreed Dan wrarmly,
and fell silent, pondering how best to
prove or disprove . this extraordinary
story. It was decidedly of the sort the
Record liked; if he could only verify
it, his return to the office would be in
the nature of a triumph! But to prove
it! Well, there were ways !

  A low exclamation from his com-
panion brought him out of his thoughts.

  “Behold!” said Chevrial; and, far
away to the right, Dan caught the gleam
of a light.

  “A ship?” he asked.

  “No, no; it is the lighthouse on what
you call the Island of Fire. It is Amer-
ica welcoming you, my friend.”

  And Dan, with a queer lump in his
throat, took off his cap.

  “America!” he repeated, and Kasia
Vard’s words leaped into his mind.
“The land of freedom!”

  “Yes,” agreed his companion softly ;
“you do well to be proud of her! She
is at least more free than any other !”

CHAPTER XXIII.

THE LANDING.

 When Dan Webster awoke, next
morning, his first thought was that
something was wrong, and it was a mo-
ment before he realized what it was.
The screw had stopped. Instead of
quivering with the steady, pulselike vi-
bration to which, during the past week,
he had grown accustomed, the ship lay
dead and motionless. He got on deck
as quickly as he could, and found that
they were anchored in the shelter of
Sandy Hook, with a boat from quaran-
tine alongside. Already the deck was
thronged with excited passengers ; many
of the women, in their eagerness to go
ashore, had put on their hats, and veils,
and even their gloves. But word got
about that there was some sickness in
the steerage, and that it would probably
be some hours before they could pro-
ceed.

  Dan took a long look at the familiar
land; then he hurried below to break-
fast. He had planned his campaign be-
fore he went to sleep the previous night,
and he was eager to begin it. Break-
fast, therefore, did not take him long,
and he was soon searching the decks
for the man who, possibly, was a son
of the kaiser, but, much more prob-
ably, merely a young German who made
the most of a chance resemblance.

  Dan possessed the aplomb which only
years of work on a great paper can give
a man; he had wormed interviews from
many reluctant and exalted personages;
he had asked questions which the other
man was certain to resent, often quite
justly; he had drilled himself to be-
lieve that, when he was on the trail, all
mankind was fair game, and that any
device which would drag the truth from
144

THE■ POPULAR MAGAZINE

them was justified—the truth, the truth,
that was the end and the justification
of newspaper methods! Nevertheless,
his heart beat a little faster when, at
last, he perceived the object of his
search leaning against the rail at the
rear of the upper promenade, and gaz-
ing out to sea.

  "I’ve got buck fever,” he told himself.
“It’s because I’m out of training.” And
then he wondered if the prince was
thinking of Germany, and of the lady-
love from whom he had been torn.

  Nobody else, apparently, had any
thought for Germany or for the open
sea. Every one had crowded to the side
rails to stare at the land or at the
smudge of smoke which marked Long
Island, and the stern of the ship was
deserted. Telling himself that he would
never have a better chance, and that he
must finish writh the affair before the
ship reporters came aboard, Dan braced
himself, approached the solitary and
somewhat pathetic figure, removed his
cap, and bowed respectfully. The
prince, abruptly awakened from his
daydreams, looked up with a start, and
met Dan’s smiling eyes with an aston-
ished stare.

  “I see your highness does not remem-
ber me,” said Dan good-humoredly.
“That is not remarkable, but I was con-
ceited enough to think it just possible
that you might.”

  “No,” said the prince, finding his

tongue; “I fear I do not-” He

stopped abruptly. “For whom do you
take me?” he demanded.

  “Surely I am not mistaken!” and Dan
looked at him more closely. Then he
burst into a laugh. “No—it is really
your highness ! I cannot be deceived !”

  The prince met his gaze and shook his
head, and tried to laugh. But he was
not a good liar—his father had long
since recognized his unfitness for any
diplomatic mission.

  “I see it is useless for me to dissem-
ble,” he said, in a low tone. “But I am
here strictly incognito, and I beg that
you will not betray me. Where have we
met ?”

  Dan’s heart leaped with exultation.
And then a little feeling of shame seized

him. It was too bad to have to betray
the fellow—but duty demanded it!
Perhaps, however, it could be done in
a way that would not be offensive. He
opened his lips to explain, when a stocky
figure suddenly thrust itself between
them, and Dan found himself gazing
into a pair of irate gray eyes.

  “What is this?” demanded the new-
comer, though his voice, too, was care-
fully lowered. “Who are you, sir?”
Dan felt his good resolutions poze
away at the other’s brutal manner.

  “I am a reporter,” he said.

  “What is your business?”

  “Gathering news.”

  “Your business here, I mean?”

  “I was just interviewing the prince,”
explained Dan blandly. “The Record
would be very glad to have his opinion
of the Moroccan situation, of the
Italian war, of the triple entente, or of
anything else he cares to talk about.
Perhaps he could find a theme in the de-
struction of La Liberie.”

  He spoke at random, and was sur-
prised to see how fixedly the other man
regarded him, with eyes in which appre-
hension seemed to have taken the place
of anger.

  “One moment,” said Pachmann, for it
was he, and he turned and spoke a few
rapid words of German to the prince,
who reddened and nodded sullenly.
Dan judged from the sound of the ad-
miral’s subsequent remarks that he was
swearing; but he preserved a pleasant
countenance, the more easily since, hap-
pening to glance up, he saw Chevrial
leaning over the rail of the boat deck
just above them, and regarding the
scene with an amused smile. At last,
having relieved his feelings, the admiral
fell silent and pulled absently at the
place where his mustache had been.

  “When does your paper appear?”
Pachmann asked, at last.

  “To-morrow morning.”

  “You would not wish to use the in-
terview before that time?”

  “No.”

  Pachmann breathed a sigh of relief,
and his face cleared.

  “Then we are prepared to make a
bargain with you,” he said. “It is most
THE ‘DEST<ROYEcR

145

important that the prince’s incognito be
strictly preserved until to-night. If you
will give me your word of honor to say
nothing of this to any one until eight
o’clock this evening, I, in return, give
you my word of honor that the prince,
at that hour, will grant you an inter-
view which I am sure you will find of
interest. Do you agree?’’

  Dan reflected rapidly that he had
nothing to lose by such an agreement;
that eight o’clock would release him
from his promise in ample time to write
his story; and the interview might really
be important.

  “Yes,” he said; “I agree; but on one
condition.”

  “What is that?” demanded Pachmann
impatiently.

  “That the interview be exclusive.”
“Exclusive?” echoed Pachmann. “I
do not understand.”

  “I mean by that that no one else
is to get the interview but me,” Dan
explained.-

  A sardonic smile flitted across Pach-
mann’s lips.

  “I agree to the condition,” he said.
“And you on your part agree to say no
word to any one; you are not to men-
tion the appointment which I will make
with you.”

  “I understand,” said Dan. “But, in-
terview or no interview, I am to be re-
leased from the promise at eight
o’clock.”

  “Yes. Very well, then. I accept
your word of honor, and I give you
mine. At seven o’clock to-night, you
will call at the German consulate and
ask for Admiral Pachmann. I shall be
in waiting to conduct you to the prince.”
“I thank you,” said Dan, and walked
away, treading on air. Then another
consideration occurred to him. All this
\vas going to interfere with his evening
with Kasia. He must see her and ex-
plain that he would be late. But an of-
ficial stopped him at the gangway and
explained that, under quarantine reg-
ulations, each class must keep to its own
quarters until the boat had docked.

  The delay was less than had been
feared, for the illness in the steerage
^ioA

  turned out to be well-defined typhoid;
so, at the end of two hours, the big
ship began to move slowly up the har-
bor, with the passengers hanging over
the rails, for the first glimpse of the
great city. There was the green shore
of Long Island; and then the hills of
Staten Island; and then, there to the
left, loomed the Statue of Liberty, her
torch held high. Dan took off his cap,
his eyes moist; and then, as he glanced
at the faces of his neighbors, he saw
that they were all gazing raptly at the
majestic figure, just as he had been.
Most of them, no doubt, had seen it
many times before; some of them, per-
haps, had committed the sacrilege of
climbing up into the head and scribbling
their names there; they had glanced at
her carelessly enough outward-bound
for Europe; but now she had for all of
them - new meaning—she typified the
spirit of their fatherland, she welcomed
them home.

  And finally the wonderful sky line of
New York towered far ahead, the web-
like structure of the Brooklyn Bridge
spanning the river to the right; little
clouds of steam crowning with white
the summits of the towering buildings,
and a million windows flashing back the
sunlight. There is nothing else in the
whole world like it, and the thousand
passengers on the upper decks coming
home, and the thousand men and
women crowded on the lower deck,
seeking fortune in a strange land—all
alike gazed, and marveled, and were
glad.

  Then, with half a dozen tugs pushing,
and pulling, and straining, and panting,
the ship swung in toward her dock, and
soon she was near enough for those on
board to see the faces of the waiting
crowd, and there were cries of greet-
ing and wavings of handkerchiefs, and
the shedding of happy tears—for it is
good to get home! And at last the great
hawsers were flung out and made fast,
and the voyage was ended.

  At this moment, as at all others, the
first-cabin passengers had the prece-
dence, and filed slowly down one gang-
plank, their landing tickets in their
hands, while at another the stewards

                         I
146

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  proceeded to yank off the hand baggage.
Dan, leaning over the rail, watched the
long line of passerfgers surging slowly
forward, and finally he saw Kasia and
her father. He would see them on the
pier, of course, for it would take them
some time to get their baggage through,
and he could explain to Kasia about the
other engagement. He followed them
with his eyes—and then, with a gasp of
astonishment, he perceived, just behind
them, also moving slowly down the
gangplank, the prince and the man who
had called himself Admiral Pachmann.

  But those men could have nothing to
do w'ith Kasia! It was just an accident
that they happened to be behind her.
And then he grasped the rail and
strained forward, scarcely able to be-
lieve his eyes. For Pachmann had
spoken to Vard, who nodded and
walked hurriedly on with him, while
Kasia, with a mocking smile, tucked her
hand writhin the prince’s arm and fell
into step beside him. Along the pier
they hastened to the entrance gates,
gave up their tickets, passed through,
and were lost in the crowd outside.

  Dan stood staring after them for yet
a moment; then, with the careful step
of a man who knows himself to be in-
toxicated, he climbed painfully to the
boat deck, dropped upon a bench there,
and took his head in his hands.

  There, half an hour later, the steward
found him.

  “Beg pardon, sir,” he said. “Are you
ill?”

  Dan looked up dazedly.

  “No,” he said. “Why?”

  “The passengers are all off, sir. If
you have any luggage, you’d better be
having it examined, sir.”

  “Thank you,” said Dan, and got to
his feet, descended to the lower deck,
and went unsteadily down the gang-
plank.

  The pier was littered with baggage
and crowded with distracted men and
women watching the inspectors diving
remorselessly among their tenderest
possessions. Each was absorbed in his
own affairs, and none of them noticed
Dan’s slow progress toward the little
office of the chief inspector. After a

  short wait, an inspector was told off to
look through his baggage, and, with
Dan’s declaration in his hand, led the
way to the letter “W,” where his two
suit cases were soon found. Dan un-
locked them, and stood aside •while the
inspector knelt and examined their con-
tents. He was through in ten minutes.

  “Nothing here,” he said, and rose.
Then his eyes ran Dan up and down.
“I see you have a small parcel in your
coat pocket. May I see it?”

  Without a word, Dan handed him the
parcel. The inspector turned it over
and examined the seals.

  “What’s in it ?” he asked.

  “A little electrical device,” Dan an-
swered.

  “Well, I’ll have to open it—it might
be diamonds, for all I know.”

  “Go ahead,” said Dan, and the in-
spector broke the seals, unwrapped the
paper, and disclosed a small pasteboard
box. He lifted the lid, glanced inside,
and then looked at Dan.

  “What is this? A joke?” he de-
manded.

  "I don't understand,” Dan stam-
mered.

  “You said it was an electrical device.”

  “That’s what it is.”

  “Either you’re crazy or I am,” said
the man; “and I don't think it’s me,”
and he thrust the box under Dan’s nose.

  And Dan’s eyes nearly started from
his head, for the box contained a cake
of soap, cut neatly to fit it, into which
had been pressed a number of nickel
coins.

CHAPTER XXIV.

PACHMANN SCORES.

  Dan W'ebster never had any definite
recollection of how he got to his rooms.
Somebody must have carried his bags
to a cab and put them and him inside
it, and he must have given the cabby the
number of the apartment house where
his rooms were, for after a certain time
he found himself in a cab which had
stopped in front of it, with Marshall,
the doorman, staring in at him.

  “I think he's drunk, that’s what I
think,” said the cabby, who had got
THE ^DEST^OYE^

147

clown, suspecting that his services would
be needed. “He ought to be put to bed
and left to sleep it off.”

  “I don’t understand it,” said Mar-
shall. “I never saw him like this be-
fore. Paris must surely be an awful
place!”

  The cabby chuckled, and together
they got Dan out and into the elevator;
but when the doorman had paid and
dismissed the cabby, and tried to follow
his advice, he met writh unexpected op-
position.

  “Go away, Marshall, and leave me
alone.” said Dan. “I heard what that
fellow said ; but I’m not drunk—though
I don’t doubt I look it. Just go away
and shut the door. I’ll thank you an-
other time. There’s a good fellow !”

  And, in the end, Marshall went doubt-
fully away.

  Dan went to work at himself imme-
diately with mechanical thoroughness.
He filled his tub with cold w'ater, un-
dressed, and plunged into it, dipping his
head under half a dozen times. Then
he rubbed down with the roughest towel
he could find, gave himself a vigorous
massage from head to feet, took a sharp
turn with a pair of dumb-bells, got into
fresh clothes, and began to feel more
like himself.

  “There,” he said; “that’s better. Now
let’s see if this thing is real, or only a
nightmare.”

  He went to his coat, got out the paste-
board box, placed it on a table, sat down
before it, and carefully removed the lid.

  No, it was not a *nightmare. There
was a cake of soap—pink, scented soap
—weighted with the nickel coins. Pois-
ing the box in his hand, he understood
why the coins had been added. With-
out them, the box would have been too
light. He pulled one of the coins out
and looked at it. It was a German piece
of twenty pfennigs, such as any one on
the ship might have used. He put it
carefully back, and lay down on his bed
to reason the thing out.

  How had the substitution been made ?
How could it have been made? Every
day the box had been in his pocket;
every night it had been beneath his pil-
low. There was only one explanation—

the change must have been made while
he was asleep. Some one had entered
the stateroom, slipped out the other box
with a cautious hand, and substituted
this one. Whoever it was must have
been familiar with the weight of the
other box, and with the way it was
wrapped and sealed. But how was that
possible? No one could have seen Miss
Vard give it to him; no one could have
known that he had it.

  And then Dan sat suddenly erect.
Chevrial might have known. Chevrial
might have seen him slip it into his
pocket as he dressed. Yes, Chevrial
might have done it. Who was Chev-
rial? How should a wine merchant
know so much about spies and diplo-
macy and German princes? There had
always been about him an air of power,
of reserve force, which had impressed
Dan. Yes, and an air of mystery—the
air of one who knows a great many
things he does not choose to tell.

  Chevrial was undoubtedly a spy him-
self.

  And, as he found this answer, Dan
wondered that it had not occurred to
him long before. For it furnished the
clew upon which Chevrial’s words, and
hints, and looks, and warnings were
strung together as on a thread!

  There could be no doubt about it:
Chevrial was a spy, engaged in some
desperate plot—no ordinary plot, for a
prince and admiral of the German em-
pire were also engaged in it, and
Heaven alone knew how many others!

  There was one thing to be done at
once. He must go to Kasia Vard and
confess that he had been outwitted.
And he trembled as he thought what
the loss of that little box would mean
to her! Why had he been so dense,
why had he not suspected-

  Telling himself that self-accusation
would do no good, he finished dressing
hurriedly, let himself out, and ran
downstairs without waiting to call the
elevator. At the front door he met
Marshall, whose face brightened at
sight of him.

  “So you’re all right again, sir?” he
said. “I’m glad of that!”

  “Yes,” and Dan slipped a bill into his
148

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

hand. “I had a little shock that sort of
upset me. Many thanks for looking
after me, Marshall. I’ll not forget it.”
“That’s all right, sir. Thank you, sir.
Hope you had a good time?”

  “Splendid. Come up and see me to-
morrow. I brought a little memento
for you from that awful place called
Paris!” And leaving Marshall staring,
he ran down the steps to the street,
sought the nearest subway station, and
twenty minutes later mounted the steps
of the house on West Sixty-fourth
Street, whose address Kasia had given
him—a quiet house in a quiet neighbor-
hood. His finger was trembling as he
touched the bell. How should he ever
face her!

  A colored boy answered the ring.

  “I wish to see Miss Vard at once,”
said Dan, and produced a card.

  “Miss Vard is not here, sir.”

  “Not here? Has she gone out?”
“No, sir; she’s been to Europe, and
ain’t got back yet.”

  Dan steadied himself against the wall,
for he felt a little dizzy again.

  "I know. But she must be back!
Her boat docked three or four hours
ago.”

  “We was expectin’ her to-day, sir—
her and her father; but they ain’t got
here yet.”

  Dan looked at the boy for a moment;
then he gave him a silver dollar.

  “Are you sure?” he asked.

  “Yes, sir; I’m sure,” and Dan could
see that he was telling the truth.

  “Have you a phone?”

  “Oh, yes, sir.”

  “What’s its number?”

  The boy told him, and Dan jotted it
down.

  “Will you give the card to Miss Vard
as soon as she arrives?” he asked.

  “Yes, sir; I’ll do that.”

  Dan wrote a hasty line on the card,
asking Kasia to call him at once, and
added his telephone number.

  “It’s those Germans!” Dan muttered
to himself. “They’ve got her into it,
somehow!”

  And then, suddenly, he remembered
his appointment, and snatched out his
watch. It was nearly six o’clock.

  “I’ll drag it out of them!” he said.
“I’ll drag it out of them! And if Chev-

rial’s there-”

  He stopped. Chevrial and the Ger-
mans could not be in collusion—such an
alliance was unthinkable. But howT else

to explain it-

  Dan gave it up; but a good dinner
at a near-by restaurant restored him
something of his self-confidence, if it
did not enable him to see any farther
into the mystery. After all, this was
America. Europe might be honey-
combed with intrigue and overrun with
spies, but they would find their occupa-
tion gone on this side the water! And
he himself, would explode a bomb in
the morning’s Record that would shake
them up a little! So it was a fairly
confident and self-controlled young man
who mounted the steps of the German
consulate at five minutes to seven. A
flunky in livery opened the door to his
ring.

  “I have an appointment with Ad-
miral Pachmann,” said Dan, with a
sudden cold fear at his heart that he
would be laughed at; but instead he was
shown at once into a little antechamber.

  “Sit here a moment, sir,” said the
footman, and hastened away, closing the
door behind him. But it opened almost
at once, and Pachmann himself entered.

  Pachmann fairly radiated good hu-
mor. All his roughness of the morn-
ing had disappeared, and he greeted
Dan beamingly.

  “I am most glad„to see you,” he said,
in such a tone that Dan almost believed
him. “You are prompt—but that, I am
given to understand, is an American
virtue. However, I am prompt, also.
The car is waiting.”

  “The car?” Dan echoed.

  “You will understand,” Pachmann
explained, “that, since the prince is in-
cognito, it is impossible for him to re-
main at the consulate—that would at
once betray him. I was uncertain, this
morning, as to our arrangements, or I
should have directed you to the proper
address. However, it is but a step,”
and he opened the door.

  Dan followed him along a handsome
hall to the carriage entrance, where,
THE <DESTcR_OYEcR.

149

at the foot of the steps, stood a limou-
sine.

  “Enter, my dear sir,” said Pachmann,
and followed him into the car. The
door slammed, the driver sprang to his
seat, and they were off. In the semi-
darkness, Dan fancied he heard a re-
pressed chuckle, and a vague uneasi-
ness stole upon him. But he shook it
off. What had he to fear?

  “You will remember,” said Pach-
mann finally, “that this interview is not
a thing which we desire, but to which
we consent because we must. You
placed us, this morning, in a very awk-
ward position. You newspaper men of
America have a method all your own.
The manner in which you entrapped
the prince1 compels my admiration.
How did you know that it was he?”
“There was a book on the ship with
a history and portraits of the royal
family,” Dan explained.

  “So?” said Pachmann, and there was
a note of surprise in his voice, which
told Dan definitely that, whatever Chev-
rial’s plot might be, this German was
not in it. “You have sharp eyes. But
the likeness may have been merely a
chance one. It must have seemed most
strange to you that a prince of the em-
pire should travel alone as a passenger
of the second class.”

  “It did. That was why I approached
him as I did.”

  “It was most clever. We admit it.
Ah, here we are.”

  The car had stopped, and Pachmann
opened the door. As Dan alighted, he
glanced up and down the street, but did
not recognize it. It was a street of
close-built apartment houses and private
dwellings, like any one of hundreds in
New York. Pachmann crossed the
pavement, mounted the steps, and
touched the bell. The door was opened
instantly by a tall servant in livery.

  If Dan had expected it to reveal a
regal magnificence, he was disap-
pointed. The hall into which he stepped
was simply, even meagerly, furnished.
Without pausing, Pachmann mounted
the stair, and led the way into the front
room on the upper floor. It was a large
room, lighted only by .the glow of a

wood fire. A man was sitting in front
of it, and sprang up at their entrance.
Pachmann, at the door, switched on the
electrics.

  “My dear prince,” he said, “I have
brought the young gentleman for the in-
terview which we promised him.”

  And Dan, as he saw the other’s face,
breathed a sigh of relief. Yes, it was
the prince. For a moment, he had
feared that he was being tricked. Pach-
mann had undoubtedly chuckled!

  The prince bowed coldly. His face
was very gloomy—in striking contrast
to Pachmann’5, which was beaming
more than ever with good humor.

  “I feel that an apology is due your
highness,” said Dan, “for the way in
which I sought to entrap you this morn-
ing. Please believe that I was about
to promise to do what I could to re-
spect your incognito when this gentle-
man intervened. In my article for to-
morrow I shall try to say nothing that
can offend you.”

  “I thank you,” said the prince
gravely.

  “All this is wasting time,” broke in
Pachmann impatiently. “Proceed with
your questions, my young sir;”

  “What is the purpose of your high-
ness’ visit to America?” asked Dan.

  The prince hesitated and glanced at
Pachmann.

  “Perhaps it would be best for the ex-
planation to come from me,” said the
latter smoothly, but with a sardonic
smile upon his face. “The prince trav-
els in search of health. He is of a
most studious disposition—sits up with
his books far into the night—becomes
so absorbed in them that he forgets to
go to bed, even to eat. So the em-
peror, in fear that he would injure his
health—you can see by looking at him
he is most delicate—decreed a trip
around the world, made incognito in the
simplest fashion, during which he was
not so much as to look inside a book.
This accounts for the fact that never
once on the voyage over did you see
him with a book in his hand. That is
the whole mystery, my young sir.”

  Dan, glancing at the prince, saw that
he was red with anger; but he could not
150

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

repress a smile at the absurdity of
Pachmann’s explanation. The prince
was evidently as strong as an ox, and
had anything but the appearance of a
student.

 “You may have heard some idle
tales,” went on Pachmann, rubbing his
hands with pleasure, “of a low affair—
of a barmaid, perhaps. Berlin is al-
ways full of such gossip, and you Amer-
ican journalists hear it all. But believe
me, it is merely gossip; the truth is as I
have told you.”

  The prince had wheeled upon Pach-
mann, his eyes blazing.

  “It is too much!” he cried, in Ger-
man. “You insult me, and you shall
answer for it. I warn you!” and he
strode to the door.

  ‘‘Farewell, my prince!” said Pach-
mann mockingly, and waited, with a
sneer on his lips, until the prince’s
heavy footsteps died away down the
hall. Then he turned back to Dan.
“Behold that princes have rages just as
other men,” he said.

  “I don’t blame him!” said Dan. “I
wonder he didn’t knock you down.”
“So?” and Pachmann’s eyes took an
ugly gleam. “I fear the interview is at
an end.”

  “I have another question to ask,” said
Dan quietly. “Where are Mr. Vard
and his daughter ?”

  Pachmann’s eyes narrowed to mere
slits, and his face became positively
venomous.

  “I was expecting that question,” he
sneered. “What do you know of Vard
and his daughter?”

  “They are friends of mine. I saw
them leave the pier with you. They
have not yet reached their apartment.
Where are they?”

  “I cannot tell you.”

  “You mean you will not?”

  “Put it that way, if it pleases you.”

  A storm of rage was hammering in
Dan’s brain.

  “I would advise you to tell me,” he
said tensely.

  “You threaten ?” '

  “Yes,” and Dan took a step toward
the admiral. “I would advise you to
tell me.”

  Pachmann did not stir. He glanced
with ironic eyes from Dan’s white face
to his working fingers. Then he threw
back his head and laughed.

  “But this is better fortune than I de-
serve!” he mocked. “I did not know, I
did not suspect—even when the girl told
me!” Then his mood changed, his lips
curled, his eyes flashed fire. “What a
fool!” he sneered. “WThat a fool! You
thrust yourself upon us—you walk into
our trap—you are wholly in our power
—and yet you think to frighten me with
your grand air and your twitching
hands! Bah! To me you are merely
a speck of dust, to be blown aside—so!
Now, more than ever! As an ignorant
young fool, who knew no better, I
might, perhaps, in time have let you go.
But now-”

  The anger had ebbed from Dan’s
brain, although his attitude had not re-
laxed. Staring into Pachmann’s leer-
ing face, he realized that he must think
and act quickly. The first thing was to
escape; with a deep breath he braced
himself and sprang for the door—to
plunge straight into the outstretched
arms of a man on guard there.

  There was a moment’s struggle; then
Dan felt his feet kicked from under
him, and fell with a crash that shook
the house. In an instant twro men were
sitting on him, holding him down.

 Then Pachmann came and looked
down at him, his lips twitching with tri-
umph.

  “Young fool!” he sneered. “Young
fool!” And then, in German, to the two
men, “Take him away! In yonder!”
and he pointed toward a door at the
rear of the hall.

TO BE CONCLUDED.

    Concluding chapters will appear in the next issue of the POPULAR, on the news
stands June 23rd.
Jimmy of the Tigers

BEING ANOTHER PAGE IN THE LIFE OF A CIRCUS MAN

By Courtney Ryley Cooper
Ailthor of “ Waking Up Tennessee, ” “Coals of Fire, ’ ’ Etc.

FROM far at the rear of the “kid-
show” tent there came the click
of the roulette and the drone of
the croupier; there echoed the
sliding sound of the three little shells,
and the call of the monte man; there
came the rattle of the quarters as they
left the hands of eager farmers to jig-
gle their way to oblivion through the
maze of .the “drop-case”—and it all was
music to the ears of Shifty Bill Thomas,
of the Great Consolidated.

  It had been many days since Shifty
Bill had heard the noises of his gam-
bling apparatus, and the voices of his
grafters at their chosen work of taking
in the “easy money,” for when one is
desirous of being the mainspring of
such devices and schemes, one must be
able to find a sheriff who is willing to
be blind, and for weeks this had been
hard. Shifty Bill Thomas, of the Great
Consolidated, had gone from town to
town, he had talked to sheriff after
sheriff, he had fingered his bright green
and yellow bills before the eyes of more
than one officer of the peace—carefully,
of course—but without results, until to-
day. And, therefore, having worked so
hard to gain w'hat he sought, he was
taking pleasure in the fulfillment of his
desires. For a long time he stood,
watching the machinations of the gen-
tleman with the three little shells and
the elusive pea, listening to the drone
of the croupier, and smiling to himself.
The money was pouring in. Shifty Bill
Thomas was happy.

  It was then that a form came close

to that of the circus owner. There
came the sound of a voice, low-pitched
and careful. Shifty turned and looked
into the face of the man who was re-
sponsible for it all—the county sheriff.
That individual was anxious appearing.
A little smile of expectancy was on his
face. A hand was outstretched.

  “Do I get it?” he asked. “Ain’t I
kept my word ?”

  Shifty swung his head, then withdrew
quickly to a fold in the sidewall. The
sheriff followed. There was a quick
movement for a pocket, the stripping of
bills, and the counting of them. Then
the sheriff departed, while Shifty Bill
Thomas, his hand rammed deep in his
pocket, watched him as he made his
way across the circus lot toward town.
A moment more, and the circus man
sought the rather small-sized man who
stood before the “kidshow” and
growled.

 “Take it from me, Jimmy,” he
growled. “I love these coppers.
They’re a fine bunch, not! Now, get
me, this ain’t any slush stuff, but if I’m
going to be a crook, I'm going to be one
all the way through, see? Everybody’s
going to know' I’m a crook. But you
ain’t going to see me handing out no
bunk that I’m a guardian of the law
and a protector of the innocent, and
then sneaking in and skinning the eye-
teeth out of my friends, just for some
easy money. There’s grades in every-
thing, see ? There’s straight crooks
and there’s crooked crooks. I’m a
straight crook, and I’m proud of it.

     This series of circus stories began in tlie first March POPULAR. Back numbers can be obtained
from news dealers.
152

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

But take that old Thistlechin that I just

poneyed up to, and- What’s the

matter with you?”

  Shifty Bill w'as looking down into the
face of Jimmy Davis, of the leaping
tigers. He had noticed an expression
of worry on the animal man’s face.

  “Rajah went bad again this after-
noon,” Davis said slowly. “Wouldn’t
even come out of his cage. That cat’s
going to get somebody one of these days
unless he’s whipped pretty soon.”

Shifty’s eyes narrowed. ‘‘Not get-
ting scared of him, are you?” he asked.

  Jimmy grinned. “Not yet,” he an-
swered. “It ain’t that, Shifty. I’ve just
been thinking—suppose something
should happen, that I wouldn’t be here
some day, and somebody else would try
to put those cats through the leaps—
where’d they be? Look here.” He
came closer, and there was an air of
anxiety in his tone. “If anything should
happen that I wouldn’t be on deck for
that leap act, hold it out, won’t you?
Rajah never would stand for anybody
else but me, and I’m even having trouble
with him now. If anybody else’d ever
try to handle him he’d rip open their
throat with one plunge. I know! He’s
laying to kill somebody. I can see it.
He’s getting sulky. You see, it’s this
way,” the little animal man said hur-
riedly. “Rajah’s right at the point
where he doesn’t know whether he’s
master or mastered. If I can be right
with him all the time, and just keep
lighting him, even if he half kills me
while I’m doing it, I’m going to beat
him. But if anybody else should step
in—it wouldn’t work. The game would
all be over. That’s why I want you to
promise me that if I shouldn’t be here,
or if I should turn up missing for a
performance or two, you’ll hold out the
act.’’

  “Hold out the act?” Shifty’s head
lowered. “And it our big card? A fine
chance for that. What do you want?
A lay-off? What’s going to keep you
from being on hand? Every time I see
one of you guys,” he ended half angrily,
“you’re wanting to get off for some-
thing or other. I’m getting tired of it.
You be here for every performance, or

you ain’t going to have any job, see?
We'll put Wilson in there.”

  “I’m liable not to have the chance to
be here for every performance,” Jimmy
Davis went on slowly. “And if you put
Wilson in that cage, you’re signing his
death warrant, that’s all.”

  Shifty Bill Thomas was swinging his
head angrily.

  “What’s going to keep you from
being here?”

  Jimmy Davis faltered a bit: “I’m

liable to get pinched—I-”

  But a booming voice had interrupted.
Shifty Bill Thomas was red-faced now.

  “The same old stall,” he broke out.
“Every time one of you chaps wants to
break away to go shining up to a skirt
or something like that, you have to pull
that old stuff about getting pinched. I'm
getting tired of it. Hear me? You stall
around and stall around about Rajah
being bad, and all that junk, thinking
you’re going to get a raise in salary,
and then you pull this stuff about get-
ting pinched. I never saw an animal
man in my life that didn’t have a man-
eater up his sleeve somewhere, ready to
pull out when he thought it would do

the most good. I never-”

  “Very well,” Jimmy had interrupted,
and turned away.

  Shifty watched him walk across the
lot toward the dressing tent, and there
was anger in the circus owner’s eyes.

  “If they’d pull some decent stall,” he
mused half savagely, “I wouldn’t get so
sore. But it’s always just the same
old stuff—the same old gag, and I'm
getting sick of it.”

  Whereupon, as a balm for his heated
feelings, he once more turned within
the canvas portals of the side show, to
seek the recreation and a change of feel-
ings in the ever-pleasing call of the
three-shell man and the whir of the
roulette wheel, as it spun the dollars
into the possession of the circus.

  And gradually the salve of money,
as it rolled into the pockets of his
grafters, assuaged the soul of Shifty
Bill, even to the point of forgetting
Jimmy Davis and his efforts to get away
from work.

  The day grew older. There came the
JIMMY OF THE TIGE<RS

153

call from the cook tent for the evening
meal, but still Shifty Bill remained in
the little tent, where the cappers or
“come-on men,” those beings who are
hired to make business good for gam-
bling games, made their bogus winnings
and lured the farmers to try their luck,
and inevitably lose; where the croupier
still called as his wheel spun slowrer
and slower, and came to a final stop:
"High red and even! Here y’are, make
your bets, place your money. She spins,
boys, she spins!” Where everything
meant to Shifty Bill clear profit, where
gambling was good, and where the eyes
of the sheriff were closed.

  The croupier left for supper, and
Shifty took his place at the wheel. The
chandelier men entered the tent, one by
one, and began examining the gasoline
torches, w'hich soon would be needed to
illuminate the tent. The croupier re-
turned, Shifty left his place, and
started toward the entrance of the tent
—and stopped at the sight of the pro-
gram man, hurrying toward him. The
face of that person was nervous.

  "Seen Jimmy?'' he asked.

  Shifty lowered his head. “Jimmy
Davis? No; what’s up?’’

  “Nothing much, I guess,"’ the pro-
gram man answered. "Still, you can’t
never tell. Jimmy blew out of the big
top this afternoon right after the main
show, and nobody’s seen him since. He
ain’t showed in the cook tent, and he
ain't been back to the dressing top.”

  “Go back to the dressing tent and
wait for him,” Shifty ordered. "If he
ain’t th'ere on the call for dressing, post
him for a ten-dollar fine. He came
around to me this afternoon, stalling
like he wanted to get off for something
or other. I wouldn't stand for it.
Now, I suppose, he’s gone on and
taken his time off anyway. That’s about
all I’m going to stand from these ginks
that think they’re running the show.
Hear me ? Go back and post him!”

  He turned angrily for the cook tent.
Then long he sat on the wooden plank
before the table, watching the growing
twilight and the crowds as they came
upon the lot. The yellowish gleam of
the chandeliers shone through the

muddy tops of the tents. Gradually the
forms of the big wagons about the lot
began to blur and lose themselves in the
darkness of coming night. The rattle
of dishes from without ceased. There
sounded the truckling of a wagon and
the shouts of men, as they started the
work of taking down and packing the
cook tent for the journey to the next
town. Shifty Bill rose, and walked to
the dressing tent. The program man
was at the entrance.

  "I did what you said,” was his greet-,
ing. “I’ve posted him. He ain’t showed
yet. The director says to put Wilson
in for the tiger act. That all right,
sir?”

  "Go on,” said Shifty, and stumped
into the tent. He sought a pile of can-
vas, and plumped upon it. Then, for
ten minutes, he scowled at Mitchell, the
boss clown, in the act of making up.

  Mitchell grinned in the glass. "All
to the cheerful to-night, ain’t you?” he
asked.

  Shifty Bill spread his hands with
anger. "Who wouldn't be? All I’ve
got to do in this show is to take care
of a lot of guys that ain’t got no more
sense than a bunch of school kids play-
ing hooky. All I hear from morning to
night is some guy a-cheeping at me
about wanting to get off, or something
or other. All you fellows think about
is going out and getting boozed, and—

and- Well, you thought you’d come

back, did you?” He turned his eyes
from the diiection of the boss clown,
and centered them on a figure which
had just entered the tent.

  Jimmy Davis did not answer just
then. He was reading the notice of his
fine, posted on the center pole, and, as
he stood there, even Shifty Bill won-
dered a bit at his appearance. He was
pale, and there seemed a drawn appear-
ance about his mouth. Dirt was on his
face. His clothing was torn in one or
two places. His shoes were muddy.
His hands gripped a little as he read
the line, and looked hard at the amount
of his fine. Then, as he turned, there
came a bit of a smile to his face.

  “I thought that would Jiappen,” he
said slowly, as he reached for his tights
154

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

and spangles. “I knew you didn't be-
lieve me when I talked to you this after-
noon. I guess I’ll have to pay it—if I
can stay out long enough to draw what
little pay is coming to me.”

  “Out?” Shifty looked at him a lit-
tle queerly. “What’s—”

  “Shifty”—Jimmy Davis was standing
close to him now, talking in low tones—
“I’ve just got one favor to ask of you.
I’ve got to whip Rajah—I’ve felt it
coming. We’ve been fighting until one
.or the other of us has got to win out.
And from the way he’s been acting—
the way he did this afternoon, I’m
thinking that fight’s going to come to-
night. That’s the reason I came back.
If I whip him, and then get away—
and lay low and have luck at it. I’ll pay
that fine. ■ I’ll mail it to you from some-
where. If I don't whip him-” He

laughed a bit and spread his hands.

   Shifty rose and watched the trainer
as he hurried out of his clothes and
into his tights.

  “Came back from where?” he asked,
after a long silence.

   “Jail,” came the answer, with a little
smile. “I broke out. I'll make for
the sowbelly of the privilege car as
soon as I get through; if 1 get away
with it. If you see-—

  “Davis! Number Four; into the
ring!”

  It was the call of the program man
at the flags, the entrance to the big tent.
Jimmy Davis sprang forward, adjusted
the last of his spangles, felt his re-
volver, seized his whip, and hurried for-
ward. The property men within the
big tent were adjusting the last strip of
steel caging which surrounded his
working space. Others were holding
down the long chute which led from the
tiger cage. He turned for just a sec-
ond, and hurried back.

   “If you see that sheriff,” he whis-
pered, “hold him back until I can make
my get-away. FI ear me? I’m in bad.”
Shifty started forward. It was not a
“stall,” after all, then. Something was
wrong, he knew not what—but what-
ever it was, it was something in which
his help and his sympathy were needed.
As for the return of the performer, he

knew well enough in his heart the call,
the pull of the sawdust ring, the
strength of which was more than
enough to make a man do just what
Jimmy Davis had done. In his heart,
too, he now realized that what Jimmy
Davis had said that afternoon concern-
ing Rajah and his rebellion was true.

  Aimlessly one hand went upward,
and sought the center pole. It gripped
and crumpled the notice of the pro-
gram man and the amount of the fine.
Slowly the paper was torn to bits and
thrown into the sawdust. Then Shifty
Bill Thomas, of the Great Consolidated,
hurried forward, to watch Jimmy Da-
vis make his bow and hurry through the
door of the big cage.

  There was a moment of waiting, in
which the little animal trainer walked
half nervously about the trampled in-
closure, and snapped his short whip
about his shoulders. There came the
sound of a whistle, shrill, penetrating.
The “windjammers,” or musicians, as
they are known to the world outside
the circus, suddenly shifted their brass
melody. There sounded a bit of a
shout in warning from the menagerie
tent adjoining, and then, in the long
chute, there showed the lithe forms of
two of the leaping tigers. Jimmy Davis
was at attention. His feet were wide-
spread, his whip lay across his hands.
Shifty looked close, then moved for-
ward.

  He had seen Jimmy look at the two
great cats before him, then motion to a
property man, standing near by. Rajah
was missing, sulking, as usual, along the
chute. There was a moment of muf-
fled orders, a curse or two, and the
prodding of .a pole through the inclosure
of the run, and Rajah had joined his
mates, pacing slowly to and fro, at
the end of the big cage.

  Jimmy Davis smiled a bit, then
walked forward.

  “Good boy!” he said, and, reaching
out a hand, patted the tiger on the head.
The animal aid not swerve. It did not
move its head, nor did it cease from
its pacing. Again Jimmy patted it, and
then called his order for the animals
to take their places. Two of them
JIMMY OF THE TIGE<RS

155

obeyed. Rajah merely paced on. Shifty
Bill, a strange something which even he
could not understand running through
him, came closer to the great cage.
Gradually Rajah’s actions were begin-
ning to tell the truth of Jimmy’s state-
ments. The animal was near to re-
bellion. There was something in the
gleam of the eyes, the sharp, staccato
movement of the steps, the swishing of
the long tail, and the swinging of the
head which spoke of animal hatred and
catlike stealth. The band was blaring
now.

  Shifty moved close to the cage now,
and called softly:

  "Jimmy, what are you going to try
to do?”

  Jimmy did not turn his head—he was
too thorough an animal trainer for that.
But he did screw his mouth around, so
that the words might reach the ear of
his employer without an extra amount
of emphasis. He was regarding the
pacing tiger calmly, almost noncha-
lantly.

  “I’m going to whip him so that he’ll
kotow to anybody that wants to handle
him,” was the reply, ‘‘or he'll put me in
a wooden kimono, one of the six.”

  He felt again the revolver at his belt
•—loaded with its usual blank car-
tridges—then lifted his whip. He
moved forward, oblivious, apparently,
of the crowded tiers of seats, of all
those who watched, of the anxious eyes
of Shifty Bill and the property men.
Jimmy Davis, of the leaping tigers, was
about to fight a battle. Long had he
trained and struggled with the three
great cats in the inclosure, he had been
patient, he had petted, he had scolded
and nursed, with the result that peace
had come to two, and rebellion to one.
And to-night, while the band blared,
and Jimmy Davis thought vaguely of
that hour in which he had struggled
with the window of a rickety county
jail, he was preparing to finish the job
of training, one way or the other.
Whether he went back to that, place
from which he escaped or not, made
little difference. Only one thing was
certain, that his end had come as the
tiger man of the Great Consolidated—

and he was in danger of leaving a job
half done.

  There are animal men who take a
pride in their work, who feel as much
joy in the subjugation of animal hatred
and animal strength as a general feels
in the subduing of an opposing army,
and Jimmy Davis was one of these.
He knew that work wTith the three great
animals before him was over—when
the end of the show came that night, he
would either flee far from the muddy
tents of the Great Consolidated, or he
would return to the little jail from
which he had come. And Jimmy Da-
vis did not intend to leave without hav-
ing first taught Rajah, Rajah of the
evil mind, the difference between mas-
tery of brain and mastery of strength.
He cast one more quick glance toward
the stealthy, pacing beast. Then he
jumped forward and swung his whip
with a revolverlike crack.

  “Terry,” he called at the most tract-
able of the three beasts; “Terry, up,
boy!”

  The tiger rose on its pedestal, spread
its paws, and settled again. Jimmy
moved on. His voice came again, as he
cracked his training whip at the second
animal:

  “Fanger—come ! Up! Up!”

  The command was obeyed. Rajah
looked, swung his head a bit more, and
continued his pacing. Jimmy had taken
his eyes from him. Once again he was
before Terry.

  “Down!” he ordered, and with
clumsy gracefulness the animal left its
pedestal. He gave the order again, and
the second animal joined the first. And
still Rajah paced on, unmolested.
Again a command. The two tigers
were trotting about their trainer, while
Rajah, seeming to watch the proceed-
ings out of the corner of his gleaming
eyes, still sulked as he walked. Again
a sharp command, again—again—Terry
and Fanger were leaping over each
other at the crack of the whip, trotting
in a quick circle, and leaping again.
There came the voice of Jimmy Davis
higher than ever:

 "Up! Over! Up—OVER! RA-
JAH!”
156

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  The form of the animal man had
leaped in front of the sulking brute and
cut off his line of pacing. The whip
was singing as it cut through the air,
singing and stinging as it caught the
tiger behind an ear with its lash, and
drove him out of his path. Once more
came the shout, again the whip de-
scended, and Rajah, the sulky, took a
step or two toward his leaping com-
rades.

  And with him, while Shifty Bill
watched tensely, and the crash of the
band seemed to lose just a bit of its
vehemence, went Jimmy Davis. The
whip was cutting the air and the ani-
mal still—there came a hissing roar as
Rajah showed vicious teeth, but Jimmy
did not falter. He lowered the whip,
and, leaping straight at the animal, he
slapped its jaws shut w'ith a pounding
blow of his fist on its nostrils. Then,
with his open hand, he cuffed it first
on one side of the face, then the other.

  “Fool with me, will you?’’ the trainer
demanded. “Up! Up! Rajah! Up!"

  For just a second, Rajah was be-
wildered. He half turned, he swung
again, he crouched, and made the first
leap. There came a sigh of relief from
the lips of Shifty Bill, a bit of applause
from the packed seats, but Jimmy Da-
vis, white-lipped and grim-faced, did
not seem to hear. In an instant he was
across the space which had existed be-
tween himself and the animal, coaxing,
urging, threatening again. Once more
he gave the command, and once more
Rajah sullenly joined in the perform-
ance of his comrades. For the third
time the shout echoed from the throat
of Jimmy Davis, and then came open
rebellion.

  Rajah seemed to have paused and
turned in the air. Then, as he came to
the floor of the trodden inclosure, his
mannerisms were different, his head,
sunken below his massive shoulders,
was no longer swinging. Instead there
was coming that hissing sound, that
thr-r-r-r-r-r which Jimmy Davis had
been fearing and hoping against all
night. There was a step or two for-
ward, a bewildered shaking and swerv-
ing of the body as the animal trainer

dodged this way and that before the
animal—and then the spring.

  From the seats, from the band stand,
from the blanched lips of Shifty Bill
Thomas, the scream seemed to come so
suddenly, so unanimously, that it
sounded like one great, thundering
voice. A great streak of black and yel-
low had gone suddenly into the air,
one great paw had stretched outward,
and with its swinging, clawing descent,
had caught the breast of Jimmy Davis
and laid it gaping and bleeding as the
little man rolled to the ground beneath
the tiger, and then slowly struggled to
his feet again. There came the clank-
ing of steel as animal men struggled
with the gate outside. A man half stag-
gered toward them, his voice shouting,
his whip swinging over his head.

  “Not yet—not yet!” he called over
his shoulder. “He hasn’t gotten me yet.
Unlock the gate, then hold it ready for
a break—but don’t do it unless he floors
me!”

  He made a quick dodge forward and
under the feet of the animal as it sprang
again. Then, with a nimbleness that
defied the streaming blood that poured
from his shoulder and his breast, he
w’as on his feet again, and headed
straight for the recalcitrant tiger. One
hand was reaching for the revolver.
The other attempted to swing high the
whip—but failed. It could only grip
the handle loosely. Muscular exercise
was gone.

  But whether the w7hip swung or not,
Jimmy did not hesitate. Straight to the
face of the crouching animal he sprang,
and then there spat the red of powder
flame. A half recoil by the beast, a
loosening of the tense muscles. Again
there shot forth the flame of the re-
volver—again there was the giving of
just an inch or so in the position of
Rajah. For the third time there came
the sound of the blank cartridge, and
then the revolver went quickly to its
holster while the whip came into use
again.

 “Up, Rajah. Hear me! Up and
over! Up—up—up! Get up there!”

  There were other commands, quick,
hurried, almost vicious, as they came
JIMMY OF THE TIGE<RS

157

from the lips of the bleeding, half-
staggering man, but they went no
farther than the ears of Shifty Bill,
pressed against the steel inclosure. The
audience was on its feet, shouting, clap-
ping its hands. The band was blaring.
Rajah the dangerous. Rajah the rebel-
lious, had in one quick instant given up
his fight, and, like the mammoth cat he
was, was allowing himself to be chased
around' the inclosure by the stinging
whip of Jimmy Davis. Shifty stared,
then leaped far from the inclosure to
the middle platform. He spread his
arms, and his great voice boomed.
“Quiet!” he shouted. “Keep quiet!”
Stillness, in an instant—stillness ex-
cept for that insisting, commanding
voice of Jimmy Davis, as he followed
the animal here and there, gradually
driving it to its position.

 "Up, Rajah! Up and over! Up—
up—up!”

  And the animal obeyed, not once, not
twice, but to every command of its
trainer. Again and again it made the
leaps with the two other animals, which
had been brought forth by Jimmy Da-
vis from their half-cowering, half-
threatening position at the bars. Rajah
was beaten. The band blared forth its
trumpeting chords of the finale, there
came the command from the lips of the
trainer, and the animals turned for the
long runway to the menagerie tent and
their cages. Jimmy opened the steel
door of the inclosure and smiled wearily
as he felt the arms of the property men
grasp him.

  “I got him-” he said defiantly,

half thankfully, to Shifty Bill. “Guess
maybe you'd better get me to the dress-
ing tent and get a doctor. I’m—”
“One waiting.” It was the voice of
Mitchell, the boss clown. “I beat it
for one when I heard the rumpus.
Think he’s whipped, Jimmy?”

  “Sure of it,” came the voice of the
little animal man. “Wilson can handle

him now. I-”

  They were at the flags now, and
traversing the brief space between the
main tent and the dressing room. A
man had stepped forward. Shifty Bill
looked at him sharply in the half light.

  “You the doctor?” he asked. Then,
as the other smiled, and his gaze grew
better: “No—you’re the sheriff, aren’t
you?”

 “Yes,” came the answer. There
seemed to be a short note about it that
gave the premonition of what was to
follow. “As soon as we get this fel-
low fixed up, I guess I’ve got to take
him. I-”

  “Take him?” The voice of Shifty
Bill suddenly went into a roar. They
were in the dressing room now, and
the property men were placing Jimmy
Davis On a pile of canvas, while the
surgeon ripped the tights from the
long, straggling wound. “Well, I guess
you won’t. That man's in no condition

for- What’s he done, anyway?

Say-” Shifty Bill’s head shot for-
ward. “What’d you nab him on?
Huh?”

  "Embezzlement,” the man of the star
answered. “It’s a-”

  “I’ll tell you, Shifty-” Jimmy was

calling faintly from the canvas. The
circus owner hurried to him. “I’m hung
up on a loan-shark deal—see? You
know how it was with me last winter,
with everything happening that a fel-
low could think of. I just got up against
it, and I w^ent in the hole three hundred.
I had to get out, and so I signed up
something with this geek—see ? I
didn’t know what it was—didn’t pay
any attention. Then I start paying
back. I paid back three hundred, and
then some more on top of it. He’s still
on my neck for more. I paid up an-
other hundred for interest and stuff,
and he’s still after me. I paid, and paid,
and paid—and still I’m not through.
Then I got tired of it all. I told him
and his notes and things to go to thun-
der—that I was not going to pay any
more. What’s that, doc?” he asked.

  "Don’t move your arms so much,”
came the command of the surgeon, as
he swabbed the wound.

  Shifty bent closer. “How about this
embezzlement thing?” he asked.

  “Well, that’s where he had me,” came
the answer T)f the little animal man.
“When I signed up there, I didn't sign
158

THE cPO<PULAcR MAGAZINE

personal notes, but acknowledgments
and receipts for so much of the firm’s
money—just as if I had been a col-
lector for them, and had given notice
of so much collections without turning
them in, see? Then, when I didn’t pay
up—well, he had me on a technical
charge of embezzlement. I knew it was
coming. I’d gotten a tip on it, and I
knew he was tracing me. That’s why
I got leary this afternoon—leary about
Rajah, and Wilson, and everything.
And it wasn’t an hour before I got
pinched. Well, I couldn’t stay there
and think about everything going on up

here, and—and-” His voice trailed

off. His eyes went downward to watch
the hastening hands of the surgeon.
Shifty Bill straightened, and there was
a glare in his eyes as he faced the
sheriff.

  “How much does the thing stand
for?” he asked shortly.

  The sheriff unfolded the complaint
and stared at it.

  “Two hundred,” he said, after a mo-
ment of reading.

  Shifty’s eyes narrowed. “I’ll pay it,”
he said, “every cent. See? Now get
out of here.”

  But the sheriff did not leave his posi-
tion.

  “There’s something else,” he said.
“Something that ain’t going to be
squared. This fellow broke jail this
afternoon after I had arrested him, and
hurt my reputation and the reputation
of the county jail. I don’t care how
much you square with that fellow in
Joplin—that’s all right what you do
about that, but you ain’t gping to-”

  An arm had seized him, and he was
being hurried to the far corner of the
dressing tent.

  “It don’t make any difference, eh?”
The voice of Shifty Bill Thomas, of
the Great Consolidated, was fierce in its
suppression. “It doesn’t make any dif-
ference—look here, it’s about three
weeks till election, ain’t it? Ain’t it?
Answer me!”

  “What of it?” The tone belied any
assurance to the question. Shifty Bill

Thomas shook a fist beneath the chin of
his adversary.

  “What of'it?” he half roared. “Just
this—that’s all. Which would you
rather do, be accused of having a fel-
low break out of your two-by-four jail,
or have me for a visitor about election
time?”

  “You?”

  “You heard what I said. Yes, me!
And I’ll come back here just as sure as
there’s a sun in the sky, and I’ll show
you whether you can pull any come-on
stuff on me. I’ve said if before to-day,
and I’m going to say it now. I’m a
crook, and I’m proud of it, because I’m
a square crook. I never took anything
from anybody that wasn’t trying to take
something from me. But you—what’re
you? Huh? You’re the crookedest
sort of a crooked crook! You’d take
money from a man to keep your eyes
shut, and then get your brother into the

game and watch him get skinned-

Then you’d go away and grin, and count
your money. Now what I want to
know is this”—and the great arms
swung again—“whether you want to go
back to your dinky little jail and forget
that such a fellow as Jimmy Davis ever
broke out of that hogpen of yours, or
whether you want me here for the week
before election—and so help me, if I
do come, say your prayers, that’s all!”

  “Jimmy,” said Shifty Bill, as he
watched the sheriff fade from the tent,
“I guess it’s going to cost about three
hundred beans to handle this little deal.
Eh, what?”

  “Three hundred?” A look of sur-
prise was mingled with the wince on the
trainer’s face, as the surgeon plied his
needle. “What’s the other-”

  “Well”—and Shifty squinted at the
center pole—“there’ll be two hundred
to go to that shark. Then”—and he
swung his shoulders threateningly, “the
three hundred will go to the best lawyer
in Joplin to get that two hundred back
—and run that Shylock friend of yours
so far out of the business, he’ll need a
Lusitania to get back home on! That
stitching hurt much?”
 Memling Must Hav£ an Alibi

By Rupert Hughes

Author of ‘ ‘ The Very Grand Piano Robbery, ” “Memling's Ten-Story

Treasure Chest," Etc.

    In his last four stories Rupert Hughes told us of the looting of a storage
warehouse by Dirk Memling and Nellie. Among the interesting things found
In the warehouse were certain private documents concerning Mrs. Willoughby
Worthington. In this story Dirk and Nellie use these documents to force
the society woman to harbor them in her handsome home and thus put the
police off their track. You couldn’t call it blackmail, and Rupert Hughes
wittily coins the word “whitemail.” The situation is a whimsical one, and
you will enjoy the comedy.

OF all the house parties that ever
house-partied, Doik,” Nellie
summed up the situation to
Memling, “this is soitainly the
woist. Mrs. Hostess had to be black-
mailed out of the invitation, and Mrs.
Guestess and Friend Husband only ac-
cepted in pref’runce to goin’ to the peni-
tentiary. Fd always hoid that high so-
ciety folks are bored to death all the
time, but I didn’t know how doleful
they could be. Why, I couldn’t be
boreder if I was in a solitary cell. It’s
abs’lutely ghassly, that’s all; just
ghassly!”

  Memling sighed dismally: “The cir-
cumstances are not particularly condu-
cive to a jocund entente."

  Nellie threw him a startled look. “I
got the woid ‘soicumstances,’ but after
that I fell off. But I think the soicum-
stances are such that we all got a right
to be full of glee and moith. Here’s
you, the greatest sculptor in the woild,
making the portrait bust of a grande
dame—I suppose swells don’t call it
bust, but boist—anyway, you ought to
be happy dabbling in clay again, but you
act like you was kneading red-hot mush
and it boint your fingers.

This series began in the first May POPULAR.

   “And here’s Mrs. Woithington that
 ought to be proud as a Toik at having
 her double chin poipetrated to immortal
 fame by a great sculptor, but she’s act-
 ing like she was a shoplifter being held
 and mugged for the rogues’ gallery.

    “And here’s me, that’s prayed all my
 life to get a look-in at high society, and
 now that I find myself really inside a
 swell home without committin’ boig-
 lary, I’m wondering if I can ke^p from
 screaming and chewing up the foiniture
 one day more.

   “There isn’t enough cheerfulness in
 all three of us to make one stingy smile,
 and we’re so dismal that a groan of dis-
 tress sounds like an outboist of careless
 rapcher. This morning, when Mrs.
 Woithington woke up long enough to
 say ‘Could you tell me the time?’ it
 sounded like Gabriel’s trumpet in a
 graveyard.

    “It’s the foist time I ever realized
 how long etoinity would be. I spent a
 coupla etoinities watching you woik this
 morning, and I can’t stand another this
 afternoon. I just can’t. All we do is
 sit around and think of our past
 crimes.”

   And all three of them had crimes to

Back numbers can be obtained from any news dealer.
160

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

think of. Dirk Memling and Nellie had
completed the most ambitious and tri-
umphant crime of their careers—the
raid on the Continental Storage Ware-
house—and they were, for the first
time, closely shadowed by the police.

  They had found that a storage ware-
house is a vast receptacle for many
things besides jewelry, cash securities,
silver, clothes, automobiles, paintings,
pianos—and what not. In the Conti-
nental there were flocks of trunks full
of letters, and some of the safe-deposit
boxes were choked with legal papers.

  Memling and Nellie had brought
away many of these, not from a vulgar
curiosity, but as a possible shield
against future necessities.

  When Memling divided up the loot
with the twelve professional criminals
who had aided him to carry it off, he
made* an honorable partition of all the
proceeds—that is, a lion would have
called it a fair partition; he took a third
of the total for himself, leaving the bal-
ance to be split into twelve parts.

  In this division he had not included
the captured documents, though he con-
sidered some of them more valuable
than money. In the first place, they
could not have been divided without de-
stroying them; and, in the second, since
he and Nellie had elected to remain in
New York, while the rest scattered to
all the points of the compass, he felt
that he had a right to the use of these
documents for his own defense.

 Among the collection, Memling
placed chief reliance on what he had
found in Police Lieutenant Melick’s
safe-deposit box—a stack of bills
amounting to thirty thousand dollars,
and a number of incriminating memo-
randa showing that the officer had col-
lected the sum through illicit dealings
with gamblers.

  One of the accomplices had also un-
earthed in a trunk full of costumes and
stage jewelry a bundle of love letters
written by the district attorney. They
were not written to Mrs. District At-
torney. Memling had an idea that these
might come in handy in case the police
lieutenant or the district attorney grew
unpleasantly active.	\

  Nellie, for her part, had slipped into
her bosom a document to which Mem-
ling had attached no importance. It
was simpb a certified copy of the de-
cree in the divorce case of a prominent
society woman, Mrs. Percy Schermer-
man, who had named as corespondent
a still more prominent woman, Mrs.
Willoughby Worthington. The evi-
dence had been sealed, and the yellower
papers had toiled in vain to find out just
who the prominent corespondent was.

  Instinct told Nellie that certain news-
papers would pay a fortune for that
document, but she did not intend to
stoop to its sale. Still, she felt that it
might be of use.

  It was not many days after the ware-
house robbery before Memling realized
that they were being shadowed. They
dared not attempt flight. What they
needed was an alibi. If somebody
swore that they were somewhere else
at the time of the robbery, this would
indicate that they could not have been
at the robbery—provided the somebody
else was a credible witness, and there
were material proofs to substantiate the
affidavit.

  Memling knew numbers of people
who would have sworn him anywhere;
they would have cheerfully tossed off
an affidavit that they had lunched with
him and Peary at the north pole that
afternoon, or passed the evening play-
ing pinochle with him on the planet
Mars. But to find an alibi affirmer who
was at the same time willing to commit
perjury and reputable enough to con-
vince the cynical police was something
of a task.

  It was Nellie that was inspired. Re-
membering the copy of the Schermer-
man decree, with its definite mention of
the great name of Mrs. Willoughby
Worthington, she realized that Mrs. W.
W. would move heaven and earth to
keep herself out of the limelight. All
that would be needed would be the
dramatizing of an alibi to support the
perjury.

  But the scheme for this also came to
Nellie in a shower. Memling was
dazed but obedient. They gave their
shadow the slip by various doublings,
MEMLING MUST HAVE AN ALI<BI

161

turnings, taxicab dashes, and the use of
subway stations and buildings with
various exits. Then they took train to
the Long Island home of Mrs. Worth-
ington, where, according to the news-
papers, she was spending a few quiet
weeks.

  Nellie and Memling came down on
her fold like Assyrian wolves. Their
visit was as unwelcome as it was unex-
pected.

  Mrs. Worthington was disdainful at
first, but humble enough when she un-
derstood with what weapon Memling
and Nellie were armed. It was a long
time since her narrow escape from pub-
licity in the Schermerman divorce had
scared her back into a reconciliation
with her husband. The reappearance
of the old ghost filled her with terror.
Her first thought was that Nellie would
demand hush money, and she inly re-
solved to pay anything, even to the half
of her husband's fortune.

  When Nellie announced that the price
of silence was merely a little hospitality,
and a certain amount of posing for a
portrait bust, together with a small
amount of perjury, Mrs. Worthington
almost fainted with relief.

  As she came to herself, she began to
fret. The perjury troubled her less
than the invitation, for while Mrs.
Worthington scattered white lies with
a lavish hand, she was as chary of her
hospitality as monarchs are of theirs.
She felt indeed that one of her invita-
tions to a dinner dance was equivalent
to a presentation at court, while an in-
vitation to spend a week-end at her
Long Island chateau was equal to the
conferring of a title of nobility.

  To have two strangers walk into her
house and settle there like squatters,
compelling her to entertain them or
take the consequences, was appalling.
To realize that her guests were fugi-
tives from the law. that they were apt
to be visited by the police, and that she
must connive with them—well, it was
paying a high price for an ancient in-
discretion.

  She had long ago quarreled with
Percy Schermerman, and she had never

OiA

cared deeply for him. She had flirted
writh him mainly because she enjoyed
the fuming jealousy of his wife. Then
the wife had had the insane impulse to
sue for divorce, and to name her as a
corespondent. It had cost a lot of
money and more stratagem to keep the
evidence out of the papers.

  Such an ordeal for a wild love would
have been bitter enough. Such an ex-
perience for flirtation’s sake was nau-
seating. The sudden appearance of the
two strangers from the underworld,
with their uncanny power over her,
threw her into a rage against mankind
in general, and Percy Schermerman in
particular. Yet there was nothing for
her to do but submit. She surrendered,
and begged Memling and Nellie to be
her guests.

II.

  Nellie was almost more frightened
when she took up her abode under the
Worthington roof than if she had been
entering a court of justice for trial. She
had been born and reared in poverty,
and she had grown up into a studio
career as a model for artists to whom
formalities were as hateful as formulas.
She had traveled a bit, and lived for a
while in good hotels, but never had she
visited an aristocratic home.

  She had read novels and stories, and
seen plays galore concerning high life,
but they were mainly written by au-
thors wTho knew nothing of their sub-
ject, or who evaded the details. Ac-
cording to these writers, life in a man-
sion was one long dress parade between
a double line of liveried servants,
through a world in which everybody
spoke with painful correctness and elab-
orate pomposity.

  If Airs. Worthington had lived the
life of storybooks, Nellie might have
walked through her drawing-room
without attracting attention. It was the
easy informality and comfort of the
home that upset. Nellie. Then, just as
she adapted herself to this atmosphere,
some little snag of convention tripped
her up.

  She asked Mrs. Worthington what
explanation she gave the household of
162

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

the unforeseen guests. Mrs. Worth-
ington set her down hard:

  “Why should I explain my guests to
my servants ? So long as they get their
outrageous wages it is enough/’

  It was magnificent, but untrue. The
servants betrayed the most feverish in-
terest in Memling and Nellie. Nellie’s
dialect put her out of the pale of Mrs.
Worthington’s normal list at once.
Memling they could understand, but
Nellie—Mrs. Worthington entertained
many strange people, eccentric singers,
actresses, lions, and lionesses of every
sort, and foreigners of various degree,

but Nellie-

  The keyholes were never so closely
attended, and ears were never so alert.
But they found out nothing, for Mem-
ling and Nellie were secretive by pro-
fession. When any exchange of confi-
dence was necessary, Mrs. Worthington
led her guests out to the beach, where
the resounding surf drowned their
words.

  The French maid who waited upon
Nellie and the Englishman assigned
to Memling pumped and questioned
with the most persistent adroitness, but
learned nothing.

  All that Mrs. Worthington told them
was that Mr. and Mrs. Memling were
to stay several days, and that they had
spent the previous Saturday night there.
The servants had not known of this, and
eyebrows went up, but Mrs. W orthing-
ton brought them down again by the
frown on her own.

  “Remember,’’ she commanded, “if in-
qtiiries are made by any one, you are to
say, and to swear, that Mr. and Mrs.
Memling were here last Saturday, and
spent the night here.”

  Since a large part of a servant’s busi-
ness is telling the employer’s lies, this
demand caused no mutiny, though it
inflamed vain curiosity still further.

  Meanwhile Memling was at work.
He had telephoned to a dealer in art
materials to send at once a modeling
stand, a sculptor’s tools, and a quantity
of cla}\ While these were coming he
was building up an armature to support
the clay with pieces of lead pipe and
wire obtained in the village.

  There followed laborious niussy
hours of breaking the soppy clay up
into small pellets and kneading them
bit by bit into the general mass of the
bust. Then he was ready, and he sum-
moned Mrs. Worthington to pose. He
was anxious to get the work well under
way before the first detective, like the
first snowflake, brought on the winter
of discontent.

  Mrs. Worthington was reluctant to
pose, and Memling found her an unin-
spiring subject. She was oppressed by
the knowledge that he knew the great
dark secret of her life. He was op-
pressed by the fact that she knew a
black page in his life. It was small
wonder that the atmosphere was as
gloomy as Nellie pictured it.

  But a little later Nellie was longing
for the old boredom again in place of
the new excitement, for Mrs. Worth-
ington began to take an interest in
Memling. At first it was the deft in-
genuities of his gifted hands that caught
her. Then she made him talk, and his
ideas fascinated her. He was a gentle-
man born and bred, and they met as
peers.

  After the Schermerman escape she
had vowed to herself and her forgiving
husband that she would never flirt
again. But as the inveterate gambler
returns to the wheel after every calam-
ity, so the soul addicted to flirtation re-
verts to type as soon as the chance re-
curs.

  As soon as Mrs. Worthington real-
ized that Memling was handsome, bril-
liant, curiously attractive, she decided
that he was far too good for the crea-
ture he called his wife. With exquisite
gradations from insolence to tolerance
to politeness to interest to cordiality,
she began • a flirtation that rendered
Memling uncomfortable, and infuriated
Nellie.

  “We threw an awful scare into that
dame at foist,” said Nellie, “but she’s
beginning to poik up sumpum dread-
ful. She’s beginning to floit with you.”

  “Oh, you mustn’t misunderstand
her,” Memling protested. "That’s just
her way of being courteous.”

  “Coiteous ? I’ll coiteous her! That
MEMLING MUST HAVE AN ALI<BI

163

female would floit with St. Peter at
the poily gates. But she’d better toin
down the light in those goo-goo lamps
of hers, or I'll scratch ’em out and
throw ’em in her face.”

  Memling protested, but Nellie was not
to be appeased. She persisted in being
present at the sittings. Her eyes fol-
lowed every move of artist and model.

  Her presence reduced Mrs. Worth-
ington to silence, and as Memling hard-
ly dared look at his .subject he made
little progress. The very atmosphere
of the room became so stupid and mo-
rose and silent that the boredom drove
Nellie for a long walk on the beach.
Which was perhaps what Mrs. Worth-
ington planned. For when Nellie re-
turned, she heard Mrs. Worthington
chattering like a magpie, and Memling
laughing with more than polite interest.
Mrs. Worthington was saying:
“After all, there isn’t any figure more
picturesque than Claude Duval, or Dick
Turpin, do you think so? If one is a
gentleman it doesn't matter so much
about his profession, does it ? I always
believe that manners are far more im-
portant than morals, don’t yc«i? In
fact, they are the highest kind of morals
—don’t you think so? Or do you?”
Nellie retreated from the door in a
sick disgust. She tiptoed back to the
veranda, stretched herself out 011 a
chaise longue of rattan, and wished to
die.

  Wild projects thrilled her to break up
the sitting, and snatch Memling’s sus-
ceptible soul from the lair of the siren.

  As she fretted, there was a soft step
on the walk, and Mr. Willoughby
Worthington appeared. He was all in
white, and about to go aboard his yacht.
His scholarly eye had noted Nellie’s
beauty. As she lounged, relaxed and
pouting, she was particularly attractive.
He lifted his yachting cap and invited
her to join him while the others
worked.

  Nellie hated to be away from Dirk
under any circumstances. To leave him
with that outrageous fisherwoman was
dangerous. She shook her head and in-
formed Mr. Worthington that she was
“just as much obliged, commodore”—

he was the commodore of his yacht club
—“but no, thank you.”

  The commodore looked disappointed,
and insisted. While he was urging her,
Nellie was remembering that absence
is said to make the heart grow fonder.
She wondered if it would not be the
best tactics to leave Memling alone with
his old “frump of a grande damn”—
Nellie thought of her now with an “n.”
She knew that Memling had a gift for
jealousy, and she sometimes felt that
she neglected it too much. If he really
loved her, he would think more about
her if she were out yachting with an-
other man than if she were helplessly
sulking in a chair while he sculped an-
other woman. If he really loved her he
would be truer to her in her trusting
absence than under her suspicious es-
pionage.

  The third time the commodore re-
peated his invitation, she nodded Yes,
and went to the door of the room set
apart as a studio, to say:

  “Pardong, Doik, but the commodore
is oiging me to take a little stroll in his
yacht, and I thought I would—wouldn’t
you or would you ?”

  Memling turned an anxious face her
way, and frowned privately at her.
“I—I’m afraid you—well, of course

—but—do you think-”

  “All right; good-by!” said Nellie, and
she hastened with the commodore to
where a small motor boat bobbed and
grided the little pier. He called it the
Porpoise, and it went out to the yacht in
a series of looping. leaps that justified
its name, and gave Nellie cause for in-
tense internal anxiety.

III.

  Once aboard the lugger, Nellie was
still miserabler.

  “It’s funny,” she burbled, “from the
veranda the water looked so smooth
and basky, but it’s full of holes and
ruts, isn’t it?"’

  To the Greeks the stomach was the
organ of the affections, and perhaps it
was her troubled affections that kept
Nellie so ill at ease during the short
spin. Perhaps it was jealousy that gave
164

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

her complexion so green a pallor. She
tried to talk fast enough to forget her
distress, but she was afraid to laugh
much.

  The only comfort she had was in see-
ing the distant figure of Memling
watching the boat from the Worthing-
ton lawn. She could tell by his very
outline that he was wretchedly anxious,
and she rejoiced to think that Mrs.
Worthington was gaining small advan-
tage from having him alone.

  Once she was assured of Memling’s
devotion, Nellie found no delight in his
torment. She loved him too well. She
begged the commodore to drop her at
the next stop, and the commodore, who
had been trying the same tactics with
his own spouse, was glad enough to re-
turn.

  Nellie put it dowrn to Mrs. Worthing-
ton’s credit that she, too, had under-
stood, and undergone jealousy during
the promenade of the yacht. She could
be heard berating the commodore for
gadding about with that creature. At
the same time Memling was rendering
Nellie deliciously happy by storming at
her for eloping ‘‘with that old roue.”

  “It’s no woise for me to go sailing
with an old roue,” she answered, “than
for you to stay here floiting with an old
rouette.”

  “But I’m not floiting—flirting with
her!” Memling raged.

  “Oh, no,” Nellie flared back, with
an excellent concealment of her real
joy. “I didn’t hear her calling you
‘Claude Duval,’ and ‘Dick Toipentine,’
and saying ‘manners are better than
morals,’ and ‘don’t you or do you?’ did
I? Oh, no!”

 “But Nellie-”

  “All I gotta say is, if she don’t watch
out, I’ll take that bust you’re makin’,
and bust it over her head.”

  Memling cast up his hands in despair.
“Well, I give up. It was your idea, and
I’ve tried to carry it out. The man who
tried to get anywhere with two women
in double harness is bound to get a
smash-up. I’ll go back to town and let
the police take me to the nice quiet peni-
tentiary, where there are no women at
all.”

  The mention of the penitentiary
brought Nellie back to earth. The hot
flashes of jealousy gave way to a cold
sweat of terror. She had almost for-
gotten that she was in more danger of
losing Memling to the law than to this
lady, and that the penitentiary would
divorce them more effectually than any
flirtation.

  “We’re soitainly a pair of Tts,” said
Nellie. ‘‘You'd think we was a coupla
millionaires tryin’ to kill time instead
of a coupla boiglars tryin’ to keep from
doin’ it. We’ve got our alibi all built
up, but when are we going to get a
chance to use it ? I’ve been expecting
to see a platoon of coppers pop out of
every sand dune. But we’re desoited
completely. It’s getting on my noives.”
“They don’t know where we are,”
said Memling. “We left no clew. We’d
better enjoy our peace while it lasts.”
‘‘But I’m afraid our alibi will get
stale. If they come after us now, while
we’re all primed up, maybe we can per-
suade ’em that we couldn’t have been
in 011 the burglary, and maybe the;/!l
drop vis. But if we wait they'll catch us
when we're not ready.”

  “That’s true,” Memling admitted.
“We’d better get it over with. I'll go
back to the studio and let the shadow
pick me up and follow me here.”

  “Oh, no, you won’t,” said Nellie.
“The coppers would pick you up and
slam you in jail. Then the newspapers
would headline us, and Mrs. Woithing-
ton would toin against us. We gotta
do the job right here—-and the sooner
the quicker.”

  “But how am I to get the police here?
I can’t call them up and invite them
down for the week-end.”

  “You telephone the janitor to for-
ward your mail here, and he’ll tell the
police as fast as he can get to ’em.”
“Do you think he would give us
away ?”

 “Give us away? That janitor
wouldn’t give away one yank at the
dumb-waiter rope. But he’ll sell his
own wife for thoity cents. You can bet
the shadow is in touch with him, and if
he can touch the shadow, he will, all
right, alT right.”
MEMLING MUST HAVE AN ALl<Bl

165

  Memling obeyed Nellie’s impulse.
The janitor was so happy to hear his
voice, and so careful to get the address
right that Memling was convinced of
the man’s eagerness to sell the knowl-
edge to the police.

  “They’ll be here on the milk train in
the morning,” said Nellie, “and they’ll
be disguised as everything on oith ex-
cept coppers. We’d better spend this
evening rehoising our alibi/’

  There was a sudden zero in their
hearts as they realized that they were
approaching the.great duel of wits with
the detectives. Success meant so
much; failure meant the end of every-
thing except life—and what was life
without liberty and the pursuit of hap-
piness ?

IV.

 The commodore was fortunately
called to a meeting of the house com-
mittee of his yacht club, and the even-
ing was devoted to perfecting the alibi.

  A complete series of events was con-
structed and memorized, rehearsed, al-
tered, and rerehearsed. Memling tried
to fore'sfall every possible flaw in the
story. He played the part of an imag-
inary detective, and put Mrs. Worthing-
ton, Nellie, and himself through gruel-
ing cross-examinations.

  The consequence was that as fast as
he elaborated a satisfactory story, he
destroyed its plausibility by some ques-
tion revealing some unforeseen contra-
diction. As fast as a story was mem-
orized, it was ordered off the books.
Chaos soon reigned supreme.

  Mrs. Worthington began to complain
of brain fag, and Nellie to grow hys-
terical. Memling himself felt the in-
vasion of panic.

  “It’s small wonder that crime is diffi-
cult/’ he mused aloud, “for the crimi-
nal has to take things as they come. A
playwright can imagine his own people
and his own plot, and then, after he has
worked over it for years, and after a
company has rehearsed it for weeks-—
when it is played it may be found so
full of contradictions that the lowest
brow in the gallery won’t accept it. And

yet some people blame criminals for
lack of imagination and intelligence.”
Mrs. Worthington was wrorn to peev-
ishness, and she observed contemptu-
ously :

  “They show their lack of intelligence
in attempting the crime in the first
place. And as for imagination, if they
had any they would realize that they
are bound to be caught.”

  “Not necessarily,” said Memling,
“for the people who are set to catch
them are sometimes even less intelli-
gent and even less imaginative. And
the coarsest work sometimes goes un-
detected, the plainest clews overlooked.
Do you know that about two-thirds of
the crimes are never traced, and three-
fourths of the stolen goods never re-
covered ?”

  “Still I insist,” Mrs. Worthington
snapped, “that anybody who attempts a
crime is a fool!”

  Memling met her discourtesy with a
helpless shrug. But Nellie was furi-
ous.

  “Not forgetting that there’s crimes
and crimes,” she said; “as I obsoived
once before, there’s other command-
ments besides the one against stealing.
It’s a crime to dally with the seventh,
and dames that steal other dames’ hus-
bands lack imagination and intelligence,
too, sometimes; and sometimes they get
caught, too. Sometimes the clews toin
up in the most unexpected places. Now,
there’s the unknown thoid party in the

Schoimerman case-”

  Mrs. Worthington waited. “I sur-
render!” she sighed. “Go on with the
rehearsal.”

  When the commodore - came back
from the meeting of what the club
called the “souse committee,” the three
conspirators had just put the finishing
touches to the final story that seemed
best fitted to stand the strain of exami-
nation.

  Seeing their jaded look, the commo-
dore queried a trifle foggily:

  “Wash been doing all evening—play-
ing brizzh ?”

  “Blindman's buff,” said Nellie dole-
fully.
166

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

V.

  The next morning opened with a
warning of battle, as Nellie had feared.
The maid Berthe, who brought the cof-
fee and rolls to the Memling bedroom,
announced that they had already had a
visitor.

  “What sort of a visitor, Boit?” said
Nellie. “A gentleman?”

  "Non, madame, not a zhontlymon;
zhoost a man.”

  “How was he dressed—in uniform ?”
“Non, madame, he is not a soldat—
zhoost a man—beeg man wit’ two
shoulders enormous. He carried a hat
to his head, a suit of beesnees, a—I do
not know what.”

  “His feet—how were his feet?”
“Very grand, madame, and very
flat.”

  Nellie turned to Memling: “I knew
it! They can disguise anything except
their feet.” She turned to Berthe:
“And what did he have to say for him-
self, Boit?”

  “Nossing for himself, madame. Me,
I do not go to the door, but I hear heem
ask the second man much question—
when are you come here, how long you
stay, and I do not know what.”

“What did the second baseman say?”
“He say you are come feerst for Sat-
urday a week ago, and then you are
come back for veesit and make the bust
of madame.”

  Nellie sighed with relief. “Doik,
you'll have to slip that second baseman
a little extra pin money. He remem-
bered what he was taught. Say, Boit,
did the flattie go away ? Did the man
go away?”

  “Mais oui, madame.”

  “God bless our home!” said Nellie.
“But he will come back when you
are up.”

  And then Berthe bustled away, leav-
ing the couple to renewed alarm. The
detective had not been convinced by the
servant’s lie!

  When they were bathed and dressed
and downstairs, it was nearly noon, and
Mrs. Worthington had not appeared.
Nellie insisted on having her routed out
for a dress rehearsal. The hostess pro-

ceeded to have an acute attack of stage
fright; she threatened to turn her
guests over to the police on her own
testimony; she threatened to vanish,
and leave them to their own resources.
But their counterthreat of exposing
her complicity in the Schermerman
scandal always brought her back to
terms. Mr. Worthington, having long
ago decided to give and take forgiveness
for his wife’s and his own wanderings
from the straight and narrow path of
discretion, had also gallantly deter-
mined to protect her from the world.
He added his powerful influence to the
cause.

  Everybody waited impatiently for the
officer to return, but he did not appear.
At length Memling made out a burly
figure on a bench on the lawn near the
beach. He made out other figures
lounging about the different exits from
the place. It was evident that during
the night a cordon had been drawn
around the Worthington estate. They
were under siege.

  Believing that the best defense is at-
tack, Memling determined to make a
sally. After an examination through
the commodore’s marine glasses, he de-
cided that the man on the front beach
was Lieutenant Melick himself in plain
clothes. He decided to beard the lion
before the lion sprang at him. Nellie
protested frantically, but Memling an-
swered that if they were to be taken it
would happen inside the house or out.

  He lighted a cigar, and, setting his
cap jauntily on his head, sauntered out
toward the burly figure, which rose
burlily to meet him with a policeman’s
hoarse inquiry:

  “Ain’t your name Memling?”

  “I have that melancholy honor.”
  “Well, I’ve come for you.”

  “Have you indeed ? That’s flattery !
Do you want a portrait bust of your-
self, your wTife-”

  “I’ve got orders to arrest you.”

  “Is my work so bad?”

  “Purty coarse, the last bit.”

  “You saw it, then—you mean the
statue of the dryad.”

  “Statue nothin’. I mean the iConti-
nental Storage Warehouse.”
MEMLING MUST HAVE AN ALl<BI

167

  “But I never did any work for that
building. Oh, yes, that's the place that
was robbed ! I read something about it.
Had they a statue of mine there? Have
they caught the robbers ?”

  “We've caught one.”

  “Congratulations! And is he in
jail?”

  “Not yet. I’m goin’ to take him there
now. Come along quiet.”

  “Meaning me ?”

  “Meanin’ you.”

Memling made a polite effort to con-
trol his laughter. “You policemen are
wonderful. How did you find me out ?”
“Oh, we don’t tell all we know.”
“And perhaps you don’t know all you
tell. When was the warehouse robbed ?”
“Last Sat’day week.”

“Why, let me see—-I was—-I was—-
Saturday, you say? Yes, I was here
that day, and spent the night here.”
“Ah, go on! We had you shaddered
all last week in New York."

  “Had you, indeed? I hope I behaved
myself, or did I? Yes, I went back
from here to make my arrangements to
come out here to work. I’ve been here
several days, and the bust is coming
along swimmingly.”

  “Oh, swim out!”

  “You don’t believe me?”

  “Nagh!”

  “Would you believe the bust?”

  “Nagh!”

  “Would you believe Mr. or Mrs.
Worthington and the servants?”

  “That depends. Can I talk to ’em?”
“I don’t know. Mrs. Worthington is
rather careful whom she meets.”

  “I guess not, seein’ she’s harborin’
youse two.”

  “Come see the bust, anyway.”

  The officer waddled alongside, and
Memling chose the opportunity to upset
the man’s odious complacency. But he
did not confess that he recognized him
as Melick.

  “Do you know your face is very fa-
miliar to me,” said Memling graciously,
and received an ungracious answer:
“Us cops’ mugs gets familiar to
crooks.”

  “Undoubtedly; but I’ve seen your

picture in the paper—only the other
day, wasn’t it?”

  The officer flushed. His picture had
been published in connection with the
gambling upheaval. He was spoken of
and illustrated as the pickpocket’s
friend, the grafter extraordinary, and
the next suspect to be called before the
grand jury for indictment.

  Memling had gained the first point.
He had reminded the strong arm of the
law that it was liable to the law. He
knew perfectly well that the published
portrait was Melick’s, but he said:

  “I can’t remember your name, officer,
but I never forget a face. I can’t re-
member whether or not you were
praised or blamed, but your face I can’t
forget.”

  Melick passed his handkerchief
around his collar. It was a warmish
day, and he had a bull neck.

  “Melick is my name,” he growled.
“Mellen ?” said Memling. “That’s
right; I remember now. Inspector Mel-
len, isn’t it?”

  “Not yet,” Melick grunted.

  “But it surely will be soon,” Mem-
ling beamed. “I don’t know much
about police affairs, but with so many
policemen going to Sing Sing promo-
tions must be very rapid, and you look
to me like an ambitious man. You
leave no stomach unturned—I mean no
stone unturned. Fancy, now, you’re
being so thorbugh as to visit the home
of so prominent a man as Commodore
Worthington and accuse a starving
sculptor of having carried off a whole
storage warehouse. I’m flattered. You
know even Samson only carried off the
gates of Gaza, while I pocketed an en-
tire building.”

  Melick was as angry as a bull nagged
by a gnat. He shook his horns wrath-
fully. Memling led him to the door,
and the old butler admitted them.

  “Will you tell Mr. and Mrs. Worth-
ington,” said Memling, “that Captain
Mellen is calling?”

  Melick was too sullen to correct him,
but he beckoned the old man out on
the veranda, where he questioned him
as to the dates of Memling’s visit. The
old butler corroborated Memling’s
168

THE W^ULA^R MAGAZINE

statement with the perfect technique of
a lifetime of vicarious falsehood.

  Melick’s assurance was further
shaken at this. He was ushered into
the sumptuous living room, and placed
in a delicate chair, which promised to
crumble underneath his weight at the
least motion. This added to his dis-
comfort. Then Mr. and Mrs. Worth-
ington came in. They were as nervous
as if they were themselves the crimi-
nals. But the lieutenant was more un-
easv. He made the fatal mistake of
apologizing first. He who apologized to
Mrs. Worthington was lost. She im-
mediately became haughty and insolent,
as only she could be.

  Melick regretted to trouble them, but
there had been a big job pulled off, and
he was after the crook. Nellie slipped
into the room, and dropped into a chair,
to be greeted by a searching gaze from
Melick, which she met with a look of
angelic innocence.

 The commodore blustered and
stormed at the invasion of his sacred
home. He demanded the evidence, but
Melick declined it. He mentioned the
date of the robbery, and Memling in-
terposed :

  “The droll thing about it is that I
happened to be here on that date.’’
“That's true!” the commodore
growled. “He came down to see about
making a bust of my wife.”

  “So he pretended to me,” said Melick.
  “Pretended !” the commodore roared.

“Do you mean to insinuate-”

  “I ain’t insinuatin’ nothin’,” Melick
muttered. “Lemme see that bust.”
They led him to the room where
Memling had worked. The sculptor
lifted the wet cloths from the clay, and
Mrs. Worthington stood by it. Rough
as the work was, the likeness was evi-
dent^ though Melick could not enjoy the
artistic power of it. Mrs. Worthing-
ton, however, looked at it with a new
appreciation of its possibilities. It was
like looking into a mirror. And she
loved her mirror.

  Memling tore a handful of wet clay
from the base of the bust, and began
to work it over in his hands while Mel-

ick attempted the role of prosecuting
attorney:

  “When did he begin the thing?”
“Saturday,” said Mrs. Worthington.
“Last Saturday?” She nodded.
“But the rob’ry was Sat’d'y week.”

  “I came down to arrange-” Mem-
ling began, but Melick cut him off.
“Let her talk.”

  “He came down to arrange the sit-
tings a week before—didn’t you ?” said
M rs. Worthington. Memling' nodded.

  “How did he come down ? By train,
boat, trolley?”

  “By train, I think—or did you motor
down ?”

 “By-” Memling began.

  “Let her do the talking!” Melick
growled. “What train did he come
on ?”

  “I never remember such things,” said
Mrs. W'orthington. “It was early in
the afternoon, I think.”

  “I came by the two-thirty-eight,”
said Memling, remembering the train he
arrived on the Friday before.

  Melick pylled out a train schedule,
and pushed a forefinger like an eclair
along it. “That train don’t run Sat’-
days,” he grinned triumphantly.

  "Quite true,” said Memling; “that
was the train I came back on. I forget
the time of the other.”

  “Oh, you do, do you?”

  “Yes; I’m not a time-table, you know

—I’m only a-”

  “Well, how did you come to the
house?”

  “I picked up a cab at the station/’
  “Would you remember the man ?”
  “Yes. No, I—let me see.”

  Mrs. Worthington intervened. “I
sent my car down for you—don’t you
remember ?”

  “Of course you did.”

  “Where’s the cheffure?”

  The commodore, who knew the trains
by heart, summoned the butler.

  “Go ask Bawson if I didn’t send him
to the station a week ago last Saturday
to meet Mr. Memling on the two-
twenty-six.”

  “The two-twenty-six, yes, sir.”
Melick interposed: “Bring him here
to me!” The chauffeur was fetched,
MEMLING MUST HAVE AN AL1<BI

169

and testified that he had indeed gone to
meet the two-twenty-six. He remem-
bered it so well because the limousine
had split a shoe, and he had to take the
runabout.

  Melick let him go. He was baffled
by the confirmation at every hand, yet
the exactness of the memories rendered
him suspicions. He turned to Mrs.
Worthington.

  “Who told you this man Memling
was a good sculpture ?” he demanded.

 “Oh, everybody knows Mr. Mem-
ling’s work.”

  “I don't. Who told you about him
specially ?”

  “Airs. Harry Creighton, I think, ad-
vised me to-”

  "Where can I see Mrs. Creighton?”-
“In Paris, I think. She sailed Satur-
day.”

  Melick pondered: “O’ course, I ain’t
doubting you, but how do I know Mem-
ling done that bust ? How do I know
he’s a artist ?’’

  Memling held in front of him the
lump of clay he had been thumbing. It
was now a little portrait of the lieuten-
ant—a hasty improvisation, yet so
strangely like that the others laughed,
and Melick flushed. He liked Memling
none the better for either the carica
ture or the proof of his ability.

  He thrashed about with other ques-
tions in awkward determination to find
a contradiction. When Airs. Worth-
ington slipped, Memling corrected her,
till he insisted that Memling and Nel-
lie be sent from the room.

  Memling and Nellie withdrew in a
manner of amused contempt, but once
away from the baleful presence of Mel-
ick, they gazed at each other in an ac-
cess of terror. They waited outside
like collaborating playwrrights on a first
night, w:ondering what the fateful ver-
dict was to be, and helpless to correct
or revise.

  They could not know what questions
were being asked, what answers given,
or what opinions formed. They could
not interpose or prompt. They could
only wait.

  But Melick was in better hands than
theirs. He could not treat the Worth-

ingtons as crooks. He could not im-
agine a reason for their harboring crim-
inals. The divorce scandal never oc-
curred to him in his wildest gropings
for a theory. He was soon on the de-
fensive, trying to justify his own pres-
ence at a gentleman’s home accusing a
gentle artist of a daring burglary. Once
he was on the retreat, Mrs. Worthing-
ton shriveled him with sarcasm, and the
commodore crumpled him with indig-
nation.

  His next appearance before Memling
was when he backed out, apologetic,
from the presence of the Worthingtons,
who had snubbed presumptuous people
all their lives till they were champions.

  Melick mumbled his regrets to Mem-
ling, too, but there was an ugly look in
his eye. His evidence against Memling
was feeble and disconnected, and not
ready for the eye of a jury, and yet
there were links in it that confirmed his
instinct.

  There was a subdued rejoicing over
his exit. But Memling saw that the
cordon was not withdrawn. Strange
men loitered about the gates; they were
dressed like civilians, but their carriage
was that of policemen on fixed post.

  ‘‘We’re not out of the woods yet,”
Memling sighed.

  “And we’re going to stay in ’em,”
Nellie announced. ‘‘If we step outside,
we'll be nabbed and hurried off to New
York for the thoid degree.”

  At Mrs. Worthington’s request,
Memling resumed work on the bust, but
his mind was working over other prob-
lems. His fingers, however, were so
practiced in their art that while one
part of his brain was laboring over the
problem of escape, the other was fash-
ioning Mrs. W'orthington’s image into
a thing of art and beauty, with which
she fell more and more in love.

  All that day the cordon remained.
And the next morning the same figures
were visible like hungry wolves on the
prowl about a sheepfold.

VI.

  “Doik, we gotta do sumpum to shake
off that Melick mut,” said Nellie. “We
can’t stay here forever. I think I’d
170

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

rather be in the pen than spend a life
sentence here watching Mrs. Worthing-
ton pouring the love light from her
eyes on you, and dodging the old com-
modore’s inipoitinent advances to me.”

  “If I only had those documents of
Melick’s here, I could scare him to
death. I wasn’t as wise as I thought I
was when I put them in the Continental
Warehouse. For now I can't get them
without going to town, and, once I
leave this castle, they’ll never let me
come back.”

  ‘‘There’s the commodore's yacht,”
said Nellie.

  “An inspiration!’’ said Memling.
“But I can’t get out to it without run-
ning the gantlet.”

  “Let me think!’’ said Nellie. And he
let her think.

  She came up from the depths of
meditation with a new scheme.

  “It sounds loony." she said. “But
it’s woith trying." So they tried it.

  The Worthingtons agreed to it. The
commodore welcomed any effort that
might relieve him of the burden of his
guests. His skipper, coming ashore for
instructions, was ordered to take out
with him a suit case of Memling's
clothes and bring one of the sailors
back.

  When he returned, the Jacky was in-
structed to slip off his jacket and flar-
ing breeches and go to bed. Memling
dressed himself as a sailor, and went
out with the skipper to the launch. The
commodore, Mrs. Worthington, and
Nellie made themselves conspicuous on
the veranda.

  Memling reached the pier without be-
ing held up, and the motor boat has-
tened him to the yacht. The anchor
came up with a rush, and the vessel
turned her nose to New York. Mem-
ling retired to a stateroom and emerged
in his own clothes. The yacht dropped
him in a dinghy at an unfrequented slip,
and he made his way to his club, found
in his letter box the self-addressed en-
velope containing the safe-deposit
keys, and took a taxicab to the ware-
house.

  There he asked for his safe-deposit
box, and retired to one of the little

cells. He copied the memoranda which
proved Melick’s association with gam-
blers, and his blackmailing methods to-
ward the very outlaws he was hired to
suppress. Then he took from the bun-
dle of Melick’s money a thousand-dol-
lar bill, and with deep reluctance de-
cided to return it to him.

  Then he wrote with a laborious left
hand the following:

Loot. Mellic.

  Dere Sir: i take my pen in han to inform
you you better drop the storag warehous
mater and turn yure atenshun to fixing up
yure oan case i got away with yure do
and yure papers if you doan believe it here
is a coppv of part of yure papers i will male
the origernal to the districk aturny if you
munky any more around this case then you
wil go to the pen like what you want me to
do so to show you i got you were the hare is
short i send you one of yure thousand dolar
bils if you are a good boy i wil send you
another sum day if you dont take a frens
advise you wil get no more mony and a trip
up the river to you Now were. Yours
truely,	Yure Fren X.

  Memling addressed the envelope in
the same scrawl, marked it “pursonel,”
inclosed the thousand dollars with a
sigh, and pocketed it. He addressed
another envelope to himself at the club,
to take the keys back to a safe place
where they could not be found if he
were searched.

  Then he copied quickly three of the
district attorney's love letters, and,
placing the copies inside the lining of
his waistcoat, restored the box to the
vault, slipped the keys into the en-
velope, summoned a taxicab, and or-
dered the driver to take him to a saloon
near a pier downtown.

  At an obscure corner on the lower
East Side, he stopped the cab a mo-
ment while he dropped the letters into
a post box.

  When the cab had left him at the
saloon, he bought a few atrocious
cigars, loitered about as if waiting for
some one, and vanished at the side door.
At the slip he found the dinghy wait-
ing, and he was promptly put aboard
the yacht.

  On the way back to the Worthing
tons’ he felt in a mood to enjoy the sun-
set triumphing in splendor along the
MEMLING MUST HAVE AN AL1<B1

171

sky and the bay. The Statue of Lib-
erty held up her torch as if to show him
the way to freedom.

  He put on the sailor’s clothes again.
His own suit case, repacked, was
dumped into a hamper of vegetables,
with which he descended into the mo-
tor boat. Once at the pier he assumed
his most sailorish gait, and toted his
hamper round to the kitchen door.

  As soon as it was possible to restore
the costume to the imprisoned Jacky,
that sailor issued from the kitchen, and
went back to the yacht. None of the
idle sentinels suspected that the uniform
had housed two men that day.

  Nellie had suffered agonies of terror
for Memling. She overwhelmed him
with devotion when he was safe in her
arms again, and he told her of his ad-
ventures as if they were the chronicles
of Sindbad.

  “If you’re Sindbad,” she said, “old
Melick is In-bad. Watch him back
out.”

  The next morning the cordon was
still decorating the environs. But at
noon it was mysteriously removed.

VII.

  Memling and Nellie began to enjoy
the luxury of the Worthington home.

  The bust progressed but slowly.
Memling was willing to take his time
about it now. Sometimes, like ano1?her
Penelope, he undid at night what he
had woven the day before.

 Days went by, and formed into
weeks. The warehouse robbery was
not mentioned in the news. Then those
who had lost their treasure began a new
agitation. There were letters in the
papers, and Melick’s name began to be
used in terms of reproach.

  One morning the district attorney an-
nounced that owing to Melick’s dere-
liction he would himself take up the
matter.

  The next day the ambitious gentle-
man received in his mail a letter in-
closing a letter. The handwriting was

crude. He read the inclosed first. He
was bewildered aild amused by the silly,
lovesick treacle of it. He read the
letter attached to it. It informed him
with distorted syntax and spelling that
the inclosure was a copy of one of his
own letters found in a trunk in the stor-
age warehouse. The trunk belonged to
an actress famous for the number and
fervor of her love affairs on and off the
stage.

  The district attorney turned again to
his letter. It had a sadly different look
in the cold perspective of time. It be-
gan:

  Oh, my wonderful, my only soul’s own
soul-

  The letter on his desk warned him
that the writer of it held a'large bundle
of these “billy dooz/’ and that the sam-
ple was the mildest of the lot. The
writer advised the district attorney to
mind his own business, and leave the
warehouse case alone. Otherwise the
letters would be sent to Lieutenant
Melick, the newspapers, and to others
who might enjoy them.

  In the next day’s papers the district
attorney announced, in a feverish inter-
view, that, having discovered important
clews, he was to devote all his time to
stamping out graft among the alder-
men.

  And thus, by the old strategy of
meeting fire with fire, Memling escaped
disaster—at least for the time being.

  Refreshed by the sense of liberty, he
attacked the bust with ardor, and fin-
ished it with genius in full flight. Mrs.
Worthington was so rejoiced at the suc-
cess of it that she sent for the best
bronze founders in America, and or-
dered it cast in perennial form. Mem-
ling thought that some day~ he might
put it into marble himself. And Mr.
Worthington offered to send him to
Italy for the purpose. Nellie volun-
teered to go along.

  Mr. Worthington would gladly have
sent him to a yet warmer region. And
Nellie would have insisted on going
along—even there.

There will be more stories about Memling in later issues of the POPULAR.
 The Fight of the Fire Control

By Edwin Balmer
Author of “The Battle Below the Water,” “The Third Arm," Etc.

             How a great duel between battleships was won by a mao
             with a pair of glasses and twenty feet of wire, high in
             the air, and five tnilei from the guns which he directed

SHIPS ill column!’ the signal flags
flew from the mast of the Neiv
York, the American flagship.

       The w'ireless, crackling out in the
cabin behind the bridge and below7 it,
confirmed the flags. ‘‘Battle order num-
ber four!” the wireless waves flashed,
while the fresh pennants hoisted to the
peak were breaking out to the breeze.

  From the halyards of the mighty su-
perdreadnaught Wyoming, eight hun-
dred yards ahead over the pale, green
surface of the Caribbean Sea, the an-
swering pennant fluttered its acknowl-
edgment against the sky. Eight hun-
dred yards ahead of the Wyoming, the
sister-superdreadnaught Texas also ac-
knowledged and repeated the signal for
the ships still farther forward in the
column—the Oklahoma, Nevada, and
Pennsylvania.

   Directly astern the flagship, the Utah
already had acknowledged the signal;
behind it, in battle position at intervals
of eight hundred yards, followed the
remaining five battleships of the Amer-
ican fleet—the Georgia, Florida, and the
Michigan, the Arkansas, and the North
Dakota! So the twelve most powerful
battleships of the navy steamed in col-
umn, all cleared for action, all watching
the twelve ships of the enemy's column
slowly converging closer and closer, all
.waiting—with turrets turned, and guns
trained, and every man at battle sta-
tion—for the final battle signal.

   For twelve ships of the enemy’s fleet
-—the same in power, in armor, and in

guns—had survived, undamaged, the at-
tacks of the destroyers, the submarines,
the aerial craft. At twenty thousand
yards to the east—for so the range
finders now gave the distance between
the fleets—the American officers could
not clearly distinguish the order in
which the ships of the same type
steamed in the opposing column. It was
clear only that, as in the American fleet,
the newest and most powerful of the
superdreadnaughts led, with the flag-
ship steaming sixth, to be in command
in the center.

  As in the American line, the enemy’s
battleships had shaken off their attend-
ant cruisers, colliers, supply and repair
ships. Beyond the line of the dread-
naughts, and behind it, the auxiliaries
steamed far off by themselves. A dozen
destroyers and a few swift scout ships
of ^ach side darted back and forth be-
tween the battleships; but they haz-
arded no attack; they kept well out of
range of the enemy’s guns. Under
water, somewhere, the submarines of
either side might lurk; high above the
smoke haze of each fleet, and above the
mast tops, monoplanes flew with their
scouts. But both sides already had
spent the strength of their subordinate
attacks. With equal damage done—
four ships of each fleet either, sunk or
dropped from the battle line—both col-
umns closed for the finally decisive
blows of dreadnaught against dread-
naught, turret against turret, gun
against gun!

     This series of stories of the navy began in the first February POPULAR. Back numbers at the news
stands.
THE FIGHT OF THE FI<RE CONTROL

173

  A light breeze blew up from the
south and the equator—scarcely a
breeze, indeed, only a doldrum zephyr.
It added to the wind of the moving
ships only enough to bear away a little
more swiftly the smoke from the fun-
nels—enough, if it blew during the next
hour, to clear the powder haze a little
sooner from the guns; but it could not
stir the warm surface of the sea. The
only waves washing across it came from
the cutwaters and the churning screws
of the ships which had steamed ahead.

  Steadily the American ships steered
toward the south, and a little to the
east; as steadily, the enemy’s ships in
column steered south, and a little west.
Before both fleets—but still beyond the
horizon—lay Venezuela, to possess
which the enemy had come, to protect
which the American fleet offered battle.

  Directly overhead, so high now at
noon that it gave no advantage to the
ships in either column, the glaring,
equatorial sun blazed down, heating the
armor and the bared decks, and rais-
ing from the sea surface the thin,
transparent film of water vapor which
confused with refractions the calcula-
tion of the fire-control officers determin-
ing the decreasing range from every
American ship. But, to the same de-
gree, it must trouble the enemy also. So
the conditions of the great battle—the
first great engagement between fleets of
modern ships of war of equal power—
remained equal.

  The American admiral, scanning the
enemy’s column through his glass,
recognized it.

  “No opportunity to-day to maneuver
with Nelson’s or Togo’s tactics to gain
superior concentration of fire, is there?”
he said grimly to the captain of the New
York, on the bridge beside him. “They
seem to have at least as much speed as
we have; there’s no part of their col-
umn upon which we can bring a su-
periority to bear before that part can
be supported.”

  “But neither is there a part of our
column upon which they can concen-
trate, sir.”

  The admiral lowered his glasses.
“No; if I can’t put my ships across the.

head of their column, at least they can’t
cross us. So we must fight evenly, ship
to ship; superiority in individual
handling of ships and ingenuity in bat-
tle emergencies must decide this battle.”

  He glanced an instant overhead to
where, from the forward mast to the
tall steel mast aft, the antennae of the
wireless installation stretched; from it.
his glance descended to the lee of the
bridge, away from the enemy’s ships.
There, protected by the superstructure
from gun fire from the port beam,
stretched three shorter wires joined and
secured as wireless antennae. Farther
astern, another set of these short wires,
secured independently, showed. The
admiral gazed at them with a question,
and then away from them to where the
swift cruiser Salem, carrying a wide-
winged biplane on its forecastle deck,
and another astern, steamed a thousand
3-ards off the New York’s beam, and
nearer to the enemy’s fleet.

  “It would be strange to have twenty
feet of spare wire per ship win the
battle, wouldn’t it?” he appealed to the
captain. “But if we win decisively, I
think that’s what will do it!” His gaze
still rested upon the Salem.

  Beside the biplane on the Salem’s
forecastle deck, poised on a launching
runway, an aviator in hood and close-
fitting suit examined and tested wires
and levers. Up and down the deck
from the biplane to the bridge, where
the Salem’s lieutenant commander
stood, young Lieutenant Sterret paced
impatiently.

  "What do you make the range now ?”
he asked the commander again.

  “Eighteen thousand yards.”

  “That means almost nineteen for our
fleet.”

  The younger officer glanced keenly up
and down the long column of American
ships stretching two miles and a half
forward, more than three miles astern.
He looked to the enemy’s ships steam-
ing in a similar six-mile column ten
miles off to the east, and looked back
to the American ships, and longingly up
to the fire-control stations on the tops
of the Nezv York’s masts. His normal
battle station was in such a mast top of
174

THE TOVULAtR MAGAZINE

a dreadnaught. As chief fire-control
officer in the foretop, his part in battle
was the vital part of “spotting” the
strike of the shells fired from his ship’s
turret guns.

  The lieutenant commander on the
Salem’s bridge appreciated the appeal
of such a battle station to the younger
officer beside him.

  “Wishing you were up there now?”
he nodded to the flagship’s foretop.

  .Sterret shook his head. “They gave
me the chance; but, well, maybe I’m
going to be only a spectator in this fight,
but then, maybe-” He broke off.

  “Seventeen thousand yards!” the of-
ficer at the range finder announced the
decreasing distance.

  Sterret strode forward to the biplane
on its launchingway over the forecastle.
He bent and felt under the lower plane
where the ■trailing antennae of a light
w'irejess apparatus were coiled to be
dropped when the machine was in
flight.

  “Sixteen thousand yards!” the range
was announced, and now, “Fifteen!”

  At the head of the column, the lead-
ing ships were coming close to battle
range. Flags flew from the New York,
ordering the accompanying cruisers and
destroyers back of the battle line. As
the Salem steered astern of the flagship,
and, at the order, took position so far to
the lee that no chance ricocheting shot
from the enemy might strike it, Sterret
saw that the destroyers accompanying
the other column also were scurrying to
cover. A few of the American aero-
planes still flew back and forth over-
head ; a few of the enemy’s still at-
tempted sallies. But their light bombs,
even when dropped with effective aim,
now caused not even confusion on board
the battleships. With the tops of the
funnels fendered, the little bombs fell
all but harmless on the great armored
ships. The men upon the dreadnaughts,
waiting half naked at their battle sta-
tions, were steeled now to the shock of
the fourteen-inch shells so soon to
strike.

  At the head of the American column,
the Pennsylvania, leading, had come
into range of the ship at the head of

the enemy’s column—the superdread-
naught Zeus. A single gun from the
forward turret of the Pennsylvania
flashed with fire, and then hid itself in a
yellow haze of powder gas. Simul-
taneously a spurt of spray, splashing up
just astern the Pennsylvania, told at the
same instant—or the instant sooner, for
the haze already was clearing from the
Zeus’ forward turret—the enemy had
fired their shot to try the range. And
now, as Sterret’s eyes still rested on the
Zeus, a - splash of spray whitened the
sea before it—how far before it or
how far on either side, Sterret could
not see from the deck of the Salem;
but the men in the fire-control tops of
the Pennsylvania saw. The salvo of
the Pennsylvania) twelve fourteen-inch
guns erupted—-the whole broadside
fired together!

  The second ship in the American line

—the Nevada—now saluted the Posei-
don, second of the enemy, with a spurt
of spray alongside, and then the roar
of all its guns. And now the Okla-
homa, engaging the Xerxes, thundered
into the action; the Texas and Wy-
oming joined; the two flagships—the
New York and the Vulcan, fought
abreast; broadside to broadside their
guns battered and bellowed, the haze
of the powder gas and smoke cloud-
ing up and concealing the fluttering
flags. But without need for signal now,
the battle jumped from ship to ship
down the column, till every hull in the
battle line seethed with its powder
smoke, and shivered and shook from
the shock of its own salvos, and blazed
and staggered with the strike and ex-
plosion of the enemy's shells.

  Sterret, standing on tiptoes, with his
glasses pressed to his eyes, searched
with cold-sweating, terrible tenseness
for the effect of these detonations on
the decks of the American ships.
Swiftly glancing as the smoke of each
salvo cleared from the turrets, he
shouted to the aviator at place at the
biplane’s engine before him; and the
clatter of the motor explosions at his
ears added to the thunder of the guns.

  “To the head of the column!” he
bawled to the pilot, as he took his seat.
THE FIGHT OF THE FI<RE CONTROL

175

“The Nevada is getting it awfully. To
the head of the column opposite the
Nevada!”

  The compressed-air cylinder, to give
speed for the throwing of the biplane
forward into the air, catapulted them
up; with the propeller whirring madly,
the plane caught the air and drove for-
ward. Sterret, bracing himself in his
seat beside the pilot, glanced below as
the biplane rose to see that all was
clear, and released the coil into which
the wireless antennas wrere wround.
Weighted, the wires dropped and,
stretched at full length, trailed below
and behind as the aeroplane shot for-
ward. The motor, now muffled, ceased
the pounding clatter of its exhaust.
From below, with more thundering det-
onation as the biplane rose, roared the
broadsides of the smoke-seething ships.
Sterret, searching them out with his
glasses, dropped the binoculars and let
them hang by their strap about his neck.
With both hands he fixed over his ears
the padded microphone receivers of the
light wireless apparatus before him.
With one hand, then, he reached for-
ward and touched the sending key on
the strut before him; with the other he
held his glasses to his eyes and looked
down at the line of the American ships.

  Almost directly below' him now, he
saw the Nevada smothered w’ith the
smoke of its own salvos, staggered with
the shock, of the Poseidon’s bursting
shells. The turrets and the armored
positions, as he saw them during the
seconds when the powder haze was
blown away, seemed still undamaged.
The guns were firing at the interval
for each salvo, evenly, regularly. But
all above the turrets was shattered by
the Poseidon’s shells; the foremast was
fallen and crumpled in a heap of wreck-
age over the crushed and riddled fun-
nels ; the bridge and the superstructure
behind it was shot away; the aftermast
still stood—or, at least, the lower half
of it. But the top, where the fire-con-
trol officers had been stationed, was
sheared off; ragged supports stuck up;
the after fire-control station, as well as
the forward, was gone.

  “Turn toward the Poseidon!” Ster-

ret bawled to the pilot at his side.
"Turn, so I can see the Poseidon!”
And the biplane, circling, showed him
the second ship of the enemy’s column,
miles abeam the Nevada, smothered also
in smoke as its guns fired; but, when
that smoke blew off, Sterret could see
that the enemy’s ship had ceased to
suffer.

  In the first moments of battle, clearly
the shells of the Nevada had struck with
terrible effect; one turret of the Posei-
don was entirely out of action; a great
gap showed toward the bow where the
shells of one of the Nevada’s broadsides
must have struck almost together; but
now the Poseidon, though fighting but
four turrets to the Nevada’s five,
fought them deliberately, coolly, with
triumphant certainty, with pitiless preci-
sion. The forward mast of the Posei-
don was down; but from the^after fire-
control top, the enemy’s officers were
directing the strike of the shells, beating
and battering into the Nevada’s vitals,
while the shells from the American
guns splashed two hundred yards be-
yond the Poseidon, and a point astern
it into the sea !

  Sterret’s fingers trembled on the
wireless sending key.

  “Nevada!” he abbreviated swiftly his
call. “Dowrn two hundred, one right!”
he vibrated off the correction for the
guns.

  With the battleship’s masts gone, the
main wireless antennse, of course, were
down; but with the two emergency
strings of wires connected with the fire-
control station behind the armor, there
was at least a chance for one string to
have been left undamaged, and for the
Nevada to hear. The salvo now firing
would tell him. Its cloud concealed the
Nevada; the shells were flying below
him; he turned to watch them. Again
he saw fountains of white spray spurt
up from the sea; the shells again had
missed; but they were nearer. The bat-
tleship had heard his correction!

  “Nevada!” Down fifty! One-half
right!” he sent his second signal to
guide the gunners. Another cloud of
smoke shut out the American ship; the
detonation of the Poseidon’s shells
176

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

striking on the Nevada’s deck echoed
up after the roar of the salvo; but now
the American shells in turn struck again
on the Poseidon!

  He signaled it. The smother of the
next salvo from the Nevada shut out
the American ship.

  “Borton, bring me nearer the Posei-
don” Sterret called to the pilot. With
his wireless signals he could govern the
guns of the Nevada from five miles
away as well as from one; and, if he
flew more nearly over the Poseidon, he
could more closely spot the strike of
the American shells.

  He came so close that he clearly saw
the whole broadside from the Nevada’s
turrets crash into the sides of the Po-
seidon. Now a salvo missed; the shells
fell short; they detonated only as they
ricocheted up from the sea and struck
the enemy’s armor.

  Instantly Sterret’s fingers com-
manded: “Nevada; up fifty!” And in-
stantly again came the terrible con-
cussion of the Nevada’s shells bursting
aboard the enemy; another instant of
cool, precise direction, and a mighty
shock which the biplane felt, high up
above the Poseidon, puffed the air up
and lifted the flying machine, then
dropped it a dozen feet through a
vacuum, and puffed it up again as the
planes caught the second blast from
the explosion below.

  The forward magazine of the Posei-
don, reached by the last broadside of
the Nevada, had blown up. The after
turrets, firing their last shells in final
defiance, clouded the stern also with
smoke. Now, as the smoke blew off,
that stern was lifting; the shattered for-
ward part, flooded by the inrushing sea,
was sinking. Farther and farther up
the stern lifted, till the rudder and
screws showed to the men in the aero-
plane overhead.

  “Nevada; cease firing. Enemy is
sinking!’’ Sterret flashed mechanically.
Already the American fire had ceased.
The water about the sinking Poseidon
was spotted with figures swimming
. away from the ship. More dotted it
each instant. Now, with a rush, and
great suck and draw of the water about

it, the battleship slipped father and
farther down. A final great gurgle, a
splash, a burst of bubbles, a rush of
steam, a seething, swirling, white whirl-
pool of water; and the superdread-
naught Poseidon was gone. As Sterret
stared down from far overhead, while
the aeroplane bore him away, he saw
only swimming specks, bits of wreck-
age, a last burst of bubbles.

  He gazed, fascinated, at his little
sending key and the short string of thin
wires trailing below the fragile biplane.
By him up there high in the air, and
five miles from the guns he directed,
that duel between the two dreadnaughts
had been won—one man, a pair of
glasses, and twenty feet of wire had
made the vanquished victor, and over-
come an advantage of armor and guns.

  He gazed about at the rest of the bat-
tle. At the head of the American col-
umn, the powerful Pennsylvania was
continuing its duel with the enemy's
equally powerful Zeus; down the long
columns of ships, the other ten smoth-
ered themselves with the smoke of their
broadsides. The only gap in the ene-
my’s line below the biplane was the gap
made by the sinking of the Poseidon;
no gap yet appeared in the American
column—only the Nevada, steaming
second, showed itself clearly, un-
clouded to him—without masts, with-
out funnels or superstructure, but still
with even keel, with turrets apparently
undamaged, with engines speeding. To
reenter the action, it lacked only an ad-
versary.

  The Pennsylvania was at least hold-
ing its own .against the Zeus; if any-
thing, it was outfighting the enemy. Its
masts still stood, its broadsides fired,
quickly, evenly at the interval for the
salvo; its engines kept it abreast the
Zeus. It needed no help. Just astern
the Nevada, the Oklahoma also fought
at least on equal terms. Gun for gun
it matched the Xerxes; but the Okla-
homa’s masts still stood, the Xerxes'
were tottering; soon its fire control
must fail. Clearly the enemy had no
scheme of emergency fire control. No
aeroplane hovered between the Xerxes
and the Oklahoma. The American ship
THE FIGHT OF THE FI^RE CONTROL

177

was in ho danger. But the next ship
of the American column—the Texas,
opposed to the more powerful Sargon—
showed signs of the greater distress.

  The forward mast still stood upon the
Texas; it was not failure of fire con-
trol, but less gun power—ten guns
against twelve at the outset of the duel
—which was beating the Texas. Ster-
ret, flying back between the fighting col-
umns, could see that the shells of the
six guns which still were in action were
striking the Sargon; but the enemy still
was fighting twelve guns against them.

  The officers of the Nevada, too, saw
it. Already, either from the captain’s
decision, or orders from the flagship,
the Nevada was dropping back. The
Pennsylvania, beam to beam with the
Zeus, steamed on and fought its duel
far ahead. A gap, where the Nevada
had been, opened in the American col-
umn to match the gap left by the Po-
seidon. The Nevada, as it dropped
back, fired at ihe Xerxes. Sterret,
watching the effect of the fire, signaled
his correction of the aim so that a few
broadsides struck the Xerxes. But the
Nevada now. dropped behind the Okla-
homa; left the Xerxes to it, and turned
its own guns on the Sargon.

. None too soon. Since Sterret had
observed the Sargon the few minutes
before, the enemy’s ship had all but
overwhelmed the weakening Texas with
its terrible salvos, silencing still another
turret of the American ship, so that
four guns only now fought back from
the Texas. And the remaining fire-con-
trol mast of the Texas bent and bent
farther and farther till, suddenly, with
the men from the top leaping from it
into the sea, the mast fell and crum-
pled into the wreckage on the deck.
The Sargon fired one more broadside
into the vessel, then the enemy turned
their guns to the Nevada, which, now
within range, had commenced to fire.

  Confidently and with the assurance
of triumph, it seemed to Sterret, the
Sargon fired its first trial shot at the
Nevada, and then thundered out its
broadside. With masts and funnels gone,
the Nevada must appear as a battleship
beaten already in any fight at great
<I2A

range. If the officers of the Sargon had
seen the victory of this mastless wreck
over the Poseidon, they had not under-
stood it. They could see the first shells
from the ATevada splash far ahead of
them, and over into the sea; at the long
range, and without masts, the Nevada
should not, except by accident, aim
much better. But:

  “Down three hundred; two left!’’
Sterret saw the miss and flashed the
order for the gunners. High above the
battle, and hardly a mile away from
the Sargon,-ho. could spot the effect of
the fire closely, certainly. “T-x,” he
flashed to the Texas, now, after its four
guns had fired to aid the rescuing Ne-
vada. t£T-x. Up one hundred; one
right!”

  The Nevada 'boomed its broadsides.
The Sargon smothered itself in its own
powder smoke. The Texas, firing
again, burst its shells aboard the Sargon
as the Nevada’s broadsides, too, were
striking. And it seemed to Sterret now,
as the Sargon erupted its next salvo,
that the sound of the guns was ragged
with the gunners’ surprise. Instantly
the shock of the Nevada’s shells again
assailed the enemy; ten seconds later,
the Texas again hit. So twelve guns
to twelve—for two of the Nevada’s
ten were not firing—the ships fought.

  Sterret, watching for both American
ships, and flashing to each the effect of
each salvo, had no time to glance toward
the rest of the battle. With need to
keep his eyes fixed constantly on the
Sargon to spot the fall of the shells, he
could not even look to see the effect of
the enemy’s fire on the Nevada, near-
est. He understood hazily from the
shouts of Borton that, in general, the
battle of the other ships down the col-
umn seemed equal. And he knew from
the terrible precision with which the
twelve guns he was directing were
firing, that the Sargon could not last
much longer, if these guns could keep
up their fire, and he could continue to
control them.

  The enemy seemed not yet to realize
what he was doing. Even the officers
of the Poseidon did not sense it while
he, hovering over them, was sinking
178

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

their ship. The enemy’s aeroplanes
merely dashed back and forth on futile
bomb-dropping sallies and scouting
service. They gave chase to the.
American aeroplanes flying out on the
same errands; but so far, at least, they
had neglected the biplanes which were
destroying their battleships. Because
Sterret’s machine and the others bear-
ing the other fire-control officers to aid
the ships farther down the American
column did not try to drop bombs or
attempt any direct attack of their own,
the enemy had disregarded them. But
now, as Sterret’s machine, hovering
over the Sargon as it had hovered over
the Poseidon, was bringing upon it the
fire of apparently helpless ships, the
enemy seemed to begin to suspect.

  Borton, at Sterret’s side, suddenly
yelled a warning. He swung his plane
and circled up, careless of whether or
not he shut the Sargon from the sight
of fire-control officer. Sterret, unable
to see the fall of the American shells,
ceased to signal. As Borton yelled
again to him, he pulled his rifle from
its holster.

  A monoplane was rushing at him;
the man in it, beside the pilot, was firing
his rifle. Sterret heard the bullets cut-
ting the fabric over his head; he saw
one cutting a strut beside him. He
raised his rifle and swiftly fired back.
But the monoplane came on, and, be-
hind it, another. The rifleman in the
first was reloading; Sterret reached for
his clip of cartridges, also to reload.
Below him, his glance caught the Sar-
gon. He saw splashes all about—the
great wThite spurts of spray sent up
from the sea by a fourteen-inch shell
striking the water. So the gunners of
the far-off Nevada and Texas, no
longer able to see from his eyes their
shots strike, were beginning to miss
again! For every cartridge Sterret
fired from his rifle, a fourteen-inch shell
was being wasted by his ships below,
and those ships were being laid helpless
before the Sargon’s guns. Yet. to save
those ships, he must save himself.

  The rifleman in the first monoplane
was firing at him again, and the plane
had come very close. The rifle shots

wTere cutting through the wing fabric,
singing off the wires or the metal of
some support below him. A swift,
stinging pain burned in his leg, and told
Sterret he himself had been hit. He
saw Borton bleeding, the red smeared
all over his cheek. But the man kept
the biplane steady, and Sterret, waiting
for the monoplane to come closer, now
that the other man’s rifle was empty
again, fired coolly; and the attacking
machine tipped as it came on. Sterret
saw the pilot fall forward, his weight
on the levers; he saw the rifleman,
reaching to support the other, drop his
rifle and seize the control levers from
the dead man’s hands. But the plane
already had tipped too far. It dived on
and down toward the sea, passed be-
neath the American biplane, and
dropped out of sight.

  Sterret, reloading, looked for the sec-
ond monoplane, wrhich had been follow-
ing; btft now another American ma-
chine, sent to Sterret’s aid, was dash-
ing toward the other monoplane, and
beating it back.

  Hastily, Sterret searched for the
Sargon on the water below him. He
found it, and saw it still surrounded by
the spurts of spray sent up by American
shells wasted in the sea. He saw the
Sargon firing confidently again at the
Nevada, and beating it. Four guns
only now w'ere being fought from the
Nez'ada; four from the Texas; and the
fire of all eight was wild, useless.

  “T-x; up one hundred; two right!”
he called again and again for further
elevation and right deflection. But now,
though his fingers trembled constantly
at his signaling, the American ships still
spent their shells in the sea.

  “Can all their antennae be shot
away?” Sterret cried aloud. “Can’t
they hear?”

  In that moment of his helplessness to
aid his ships below, the strangeness—
the incredible quality—of his aid came
to him and made him question his use-
fulness. Was it possible that he, in
that aeroplane five miles from the
American ships, and flying far above
the battle, was, indeed, controlling those
American guns—raising them, lowering
THE FIGHT OF THE Ft<RE CONTROL

179

them, swinging them to right or left,
so that their shells struck home? How
could it be that upon him, five miles
from the guns, the battle could turn?
Couldn’t it have been coincidence that,
when he had begun sending his direc-
tions before, the gunners had begun to
find their mark? Now he was signal-
ing again; and he gained no- effect. He
was sending his corrections constantly,
but the guns still fired into the sea.

  “Something’s the matter with your
spark; it isn't the same!” Borton
shouted to him.

  Sterret, testing it, worked over it
feverishly. “The wire to the antennae is
•cut!” he cried. He tried to reach down
to it and all but fell from the plane.

  “You can’t fix it here ; I’ll take you
down for it!’’ The pilot pulled him
back, circling to descend.

  He shut off the motor and volplaned.
In the sudden silence of the soaring ma-
chine, the roar of the battle boomed and
resounded with echoing thunder. They
soared down to a height above the sea
at which the shells from the fighting
ships, traveling on their seven-mile
trajectory, were rifling past. Then
they had dropped below the path of the
shells; the biplane’s pontoons skimmed,
and came to rest on the sea. Sterret,
stepping down on them, and swimming
under the machine, caught the connec-
tions of the antennae and twisted them
together. He scrambled back to his
seat. The biplane, circling up past the
shells, showed Sterret the ships.

  One turret only now fought from the
Nezrada; the Sargon having battered it
to all but helplessness, was swinging its
guns back to the Texas, which still was
firing its four futile shots in return.
Sterret swiftly estimated the distance
of their splash and signaled. He would
know in an instant now whether he
really had aimed those guns. The Ne-
vada had fired again; he watched for
the strike of the shells, and saw that
they hit! The Texas had fired before
the Nevada’s shells had struck; and
now its shells also hammered on the
Sargon. He flashed the result of the
firing to the two ships, and again and
again their shells hammered.

  And the Sargon could stand little
more hammering. Off at the head of
the column, the giant Pennsylvania and
the Zeus seemed to have shattered each
other to helplessness without either
striking its flag, each awaiting the re-
sult of the rest of the battle, unable
further to influence that result. But,
nearer, the Oklahoma now had entirely
silenced the Xerxes; the American ship,
with two turrets still able to fight, was
swinging back to bear any needed aid
to the Texas and the Nevada. Farther
down the column, where other Amer-
ican fire-control officers had flown be-
tween the ships to govern the Amer-
ican guns when needed, the result of
the battle showed the same.

  The ship fighting the North Dakota
at the very end of the American col-
umn no longer was in sight; it had
sunk; two others already had struck
their colors; the enemy’s flagship alone

—the V id can—still fought. But Amer-
ican ships from the rear of the column
steamed to aid the Arezv York as the
Oklahoma was steering to reenforce
against the Sargon. So, hopelessly
overwhelmed, at the same instant the
last of the enemy’s ships ceased firing.
The American gun fire ceased. The
commander of the Zens, acknowledging
the general rout, showed a white flag
to the Pennsylvania; the enemy’s ad-
miral, from the Vulcan, signaled the
surrender.

  Sterret's biplane slid gently to the
sea and skimmed along it, dowrn the
narrowing lane between the battleships,
as the victors closed to aid the beaten
ships.

  The sun still glared down from al-
most directly overhead. It was not an
hour later than when the first gun was
fired. Now, of the enemy's twelve great
battleships, two already were on the sea
bottom; two more seemed soon to fol-
low ; the other eight were riddled, rent,
and battered hulks, listing as they lay
on the water; smoke no longer puffed
from their grimy gun barrels; but
smoke seeped up from all; all were afire
somewhere, or smoldering.

  The American ships—save that all
twelve were still floating—showed lit-
180

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

tie better off; but on all but two of them
guns could still be served. So the
cruisers and the auxiliaries of the ene-
my's fleet, which had waited off to the
east, turned and scurried away to make
their escape, with the American cruisers
and destroyers racing after them. But,
whether these were captured or not, the
battle for the Caribbean coasts was
over.

  Supply ships, hospital ships, and the
slower auxiliaries which, on the enemy’s
side, could not flee, and which, on the
American side, could not give chase,
crowded up to the beaten battleships;
boats plied from them and from the
American battleships, bearing wounded
and prisoners from sinking or burning
ships. Other boats rowed to the spots
where ships already had gone down, to
pick up survivors.

  Sterret, with the other officers in bi-
planes, sped back over the path of the
battle to discover more of these swim-
ming men, and call the boats to them.
Still skimming the surface, with the
trailing antennae of his wireless skip-
ping on the water, he came back to the
flagship.

  The New York had stopped close to
the Vulcan; the admiral and the officers
from the Vulcan were stepping on
board the American flagship.

  The American admiral, standing on
the edge of the deck to receive them,
looked past them to the biplanes.

  “The flagships of the future!” He
raised his voice as he spoke to the men
surrendering, so that the officers in the
biplanes could hear. “Indeed, the flag-
ships of to-day! It was by those that
this battle was won!”

        JAMES HOPPER has written for as a very striking story
        ol the Philippines, it will appear In the July Montb-
        end POPULAR, on sale two weeks hence* June 23rd.

MOSS, MORSE, AND REMORSE

I EAVING aside the fact that Frank P. Morse is a marvelous press agent, and
has an imagination which keeps him bumping his impressionable head against
the starry dome of heaven, he is a crude performer. All of which is proved thus:
When Henry Miller and Miss Ruth Chatterton were playing in Boston, Mr.
Morse, who was their press agent, incurred the admiration, love, and affection of
one of the leading florists of the town by slipping him at judicious intervals and
in profuse quantities passes to the show. As a result of this, Miss Chatterton
received one night a box of flowers so big that it broke the back of the man who
tried to carry it into her dressing room. The blossoms were done up in moss,
and were of every known variety. They attracted th® attention of the whole
company.

    “Where did you get the flowers?” asked Miller.

    “From Mr. Morse,” replied Miss Chatterton.

    “Ah!” said Miller—and that was all he said.

    The following night the same thing was enacted.

    On the third night a still larger box of flowers was carried into the leading
woman’s dressing room. When it had been opened, Miss Chatterton began to
unroll the tissue paper. She did it so well that she unwound approximately a
mile and a half of it. There were no flowers, but, at the bottom of the empty
box, was a card bearing the following inscription in Mr. Miller’s handwriting,
just to show that he was on to Morse’s empty homage:

     “For Miss Chatterton, from Mr. Morse’s florist.”
Alias Bowles and the Far West

By Dane Coolidge

Author of “Hidden Water, ” “Pecos Dalhart: Rustler, ” Etc.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS.

    Dixie May Lee, of the Money Bug Ranch, Chula Vista, Arizona, after spending a tiresome winter in
New York “finishing,” finds herself glad to be headed for home again. On the train she renews acquaint-
ance with a young chap whom she had met in the recent social whirl. Uncertain of his name, she calls
him “Mr. Bowles,” and he accepts this cognomen though it irritates her. He informs her that her tales of
the Far West have inspired this trip of his, and that he is bound for Los Angeles. Dixie, contemptuous of
this "suede New Yorker,” loada him up with wild stories of ranch life. When she bids him farewell at
Albuquerque, the Western girl is fairly choking with laughter at Bowles’ gullibility. But her gayety
changes to sudden gravity at finding him upon Chula Vista station. It means that he has deliberately
followed her. Dixie May promptly gives him his conge. But Alias Bowles is not to be dismayed. After
a week’s training in Chula Vista he rides over to the Money Bug Ranch and applies for a job as cowboy.
The father of Dixie receives him curtly, and tells him that he cannot take him on under any circumstance.
Unabashed, Alias Bowles insists, persists, until Henry Lee is nettled and engages him on the promise that
he will prove himself by riding a notorious man-killing horse. Though this agreement is not carried out,
Alias Bowles suffers much under the hazing given him by his cowboy companions, who are led by Hardy Atkins,
chief broncho twister. Dixie May pointedly ignores Bowles; the new life is hard and unsympathetic; still he
sticks and is game. Gradually, however, Alias Bowles wins favor with Dixie and makes a comrade of
Brigham Clark, one of the cow-punchers. Mrs. Lee evinces great interest in the new hand but grows sus-
picious of his secrecy in concealing his indentity. Dixie sets herself out to plague him. But all these
things are secondary to the discharge of Hardy Atkins and his cohorts through leaving their posts and get-
ting drunk at the critical moment of shipping cattle. Clark and Bowles had not joined the gang in their
jollification so they are kept on by Mr. Lee. Naturally the hatred of the culprits centers upon greenhorn
Bowles.

to go on a drunk and get fired, did
they? Well, you won’t have so many
to cook for now—that’ll be one conso-
lation.”

  “Yes, Miss Dix,” agreed the cook,
“but mighty little, believe me! One
cowboy is jest about as ornery an’ no
’count as the other—and whisky gits
’em all. They’re all alike; I been cook-
in’ for ’em fer thirty years off an’ on,
and they ain’t one of ’em is worth the
powder to blow ’im to—excuse me.
Miss Dix. But, as I was sayin’, take
’em as they come, and keep ’em out of
town, and these boys is pretty fair—
pretty fair; I’m' sorry to see ’em go.”

  At this kindly word of intercession,
a new light came into the eyes of the
unemployed; but Dixie Lee had come
on a mission, and it was not her policy
to yield in a minute.

  “Well, Fm not!” she declared. “If

This story bexan in the first June POPULAR. News dealers furnish back numbers.

  CHAPTER XVI—(Continued).

SUPPER that evening offered no
appeal to the drink-shaken ca-
rousers, but they stayed for it all
the same, hoping against hope
that the boss would come back and give
them another chance. But they knew
him too well to think it; Henry Lee
would let his whole calf crop grow up
to be mavericks before he would take
back his word. Still, they waited; and
along toward sundowrn, as luck would
have it, he came out; and with him,
riding like a queen on her spirited
horse, came Dixie May. She looked
them over coldly, returning short an-
swers to their shamefaced greetings,
and saving her smile for the cook.

  “Good evening, Mr. Mosby,” she
said, pouring out a little coffee for po-
liteness’ sake. “And so these boys had
182

THE VOVULACR MAGAZINE

you’d listened to the amount of foolish-
ness that I’ve suffered from these boys,
Mr. Mosby; if you’d heard ’em say how
they were going to save their wages and
buy a little bunch of cows—and tell
about the quarter section of land they
had their eye on—and swear they’d
never take another drink of whisky as
long as they lived—I believe you’d be
glad to get rid of ’em!”

  She turned and ran her eye over the
crowd, and both the just and the un-
just quailed before her.

  ■‘And.so you were drunk, were you,
Mr. Atkins?” She fixed her gaze upon
the deposed straw boss; and Hardy At-
kins shot a look at her which was both
confession and appeal.

  “And you, John?” she continued se-
verely.

  ‘‘Yes, ma’am,” spoke up Red John,
upon whom the severity of her man-
ner was lost. “I was drunk, all right.”
“Well, you don’t need to be proud
of it,” she said cuttingly. “It’s no dis-
tinction in this bunch. Brig, were you
drunk, too?”

  “No, ma’am,” responded Brigham
promptly.

  “Oh, what’s the use of talking?”
scoffed Dixie, glancing at his swollen
face and bloodshot eyes.

  “All the same, I wasn’t!” denied
Brigham boldly. “I reckon you’d look
kind of bug-eyed if you’d been standin’
guard all night.”

  “WTell, what’s the matter with your
face, then?” she demanded. “Did the
ground rise up and hit you?”

  “No; but an old cow did over in the
shippin’ chute.” And Brigham drew
himself up and grinned defiantly. It
was not often that he had a chance to
assume this high moral pose, and he
decided to make the most of it.

  “That’s right,” interposed Henry
Lee, who so far had let his daughter
do all the talking. “Brig and Bowles
stood guard all night, and brought up
the remuda in the morning. I won’t
forget that, Brig,” he added significant-
ly. “I’m looking for men I can trust.”
“Well, good for you, Brig!” com-
mented Dixie May, smiling with sudden
approval; and at that the other suitors

fell into a black rage of jealousy and
distrust. There was silence for a while,
and then Red John spoke up.

  “Mr. Lee,” he said, “I know I was
drunk last night—my own fault, of
course—but here’s the proposition:
You got to take on somebody to do
yore work; what’s the use of hirin’
these town bums when you can git
yore old hands back? That’s the way
we stand, and I hope you'll give us a
chance.”

  This was a long speech for Red, and
he wiped the sweat from his brow as
he waited for the answer. The rest of
the unemployed rumbled their acquies-
cence to the statement, and watched
for some sign of weakening; but Henry
Lee did not change his frown.

  “I’m looking for men I can trust,”
he said at last. “These boys here stayed
in camp, and were on hand to help with
the shipping. Maybe some of them
ain’t quite as good cowboys as you are,
but I can depend on them not to turn
my remuda loose the first night, and
leave ’em alone, and I’m going to make
them top hands. You fellows get the
top mounts and forty-five a month,” he
added, glancing briefly at Brig and the
faithful few, most of whom w'ere nest-
ers’ boys, and married men working
for a stake; “and I want some more
just like you.”

  “But how about us?” inquired Red
John, after a silence. “I’ll take on for
a green hand myse’f—forty dollars—
and ride bronks, too. And I know that
upper range like a book.”

  "Sure !” murmured the rest; and once
more they waited for Henry Lee.

  He sat for a while studying on the
matter, and then he exchanged glances
W'ith his daughter.

  “If he takes you back, are you going
to run it over these other hands, and
make a lot of trouble?” she asked

shrewdly. “Because if you are-”

  A chorus of indignant denials an-
swered this unjust accusation, and
Dixie Lee’s face became clear.

“Then I’d take ’em back,” she said.
“No, I won’t do it,” rapped out
Henry Lee. “But I’ll tell you what I
Avill do,” he went on, as the gang lopped
ALIAS ‘BOWLES AN<D THE FA<R WEST

183

clown despondently. “You boys liave
got your time checks. All right; you
go uptown and cash them in, and if you
can pay your saloon debts and get out
of town sober I'll take you on. But if
an)' man takes a drink, or brings out a
bottle, he’ll never ride for Henry Lee
again; I’ve lost enough horses through
drunken punchers. Brig, I’ll leave you
in charge of the outfit.”

  He swung up on his horse as he
spoke, and Dixie rode away after him,
followed by the admiring gaze of all
hands and the cook. Henry Lee was
a good boss, but the average Texas
cow-puncher is not weak-kneed enough
to court the favor of any man. Once
he is fired, he takes his money and
spends it philosophically; but in this
case Dixie May had intervened, and
rather than lose their chance with her
the whole gang had taken lessons in
humility.

  “She’s all right,” observed Red John,
wagging his head and smiling as he
watched her oft. “She wraps him
around her little finger.”

  “Wonder how she come to be down
here?” inquired a new hand; and Jack
answered him, with a laugh.

  “Ridin’ herd on the old man, of
course,” he said.

  “Sure!” grumbled Hardy Atkins.
“The old lady is up there, too. That’s
the one thing I got ag’inst Henry Lee
—he’s been a booze fighter, and quit.
That’s what makes him so dog-goned
onreasonable!”

  “They say John B. Gough and Sam
Jones was reformed drunks, too,” com-
mented Poker Bill sagely; but there
was one member present who did not
take even £ philosophical interest in the
discussion. It was Brigham Clark, the
new straw boss. Through a chain of
circumstances a little hard to trace, he
had refrained from his customary pe-
riodical, and, behold, of a sudden he
was elevated above all his fellows, and
placed in a position of authority.

  “Well,” he broke in sharply, “it’s git-
tin’ dark; who’s goin’ to relieve that
horse wrangler? Bill? Buck? Well,
I’ll put you on the first guard, anyhow;
only way to save you from yorese’ves.”

  “Aw, listen to the big, fat stiff!”
commented Buck Buchanan, who felt
the need of a nap; but Brig paid no
attention to his remarks.

  “You boys bring them into the pen
for a drink,” he ordered, with pompous
circumstance, “and hold them out on
yon flat. Who wants to stand second
guard? Jim? Hank?” He craned his
neck about as Hardy Atkins had done
the night before, and Hardy, who had
been thinking about other things, sat
up with a sudden scowl.

  “Whar’s that feller that refused a
drink this evenin’ ?” demanded Brig,
imitating with roguish accuracy the
broad Texas accent of his predecessor.
“He’s the boy fer second guard—good
and reliable—comes from Texas, too.
Mr. Atkins, I’ll ask you and yore cot-
ton-picker friend, Red John, to kindly
stand second guard. Bud and Bill
third, and Sam and Slim fourth. I’m
boss now, and I don’t stand no guard.”

CHAPTER XVII.
brigham’s squirrel story.

  The upper range of the Money Bug
was a country by itself. To reach it
they rode due north from Chula Vista,
following an old road that had been
fenced so many times that Gloomy Gus
became discouraged. Twisting and
turning, driving around through new-
made lanes, or jerking a w'orld of sta-
ples and laying the wire on the ground,
he toiled on in the wake of the out-
fit, which was rounding up spare cor-
ners of the unfenced range. Behind
him came the horse wrangler and his
helper, doing their best to keep the re-
muda out of the barbed wire, and jerk-
ing up more fence with their ropes than
Gus laid down with his nail puller.
Certainly in that wide, windmill-dotted
valley the open range was a thing of
the past. It was only thirty feet to
water, and the nesters were settling
everywhere.

  “One more day like that,” observed
Gloomy Gus, as he threw together a
late supper, “and I quit!”

  “Me, too!” chimed in the wrangler;
and the punchers felt much the same.
184

THE W^PULA^R MAGAZINE

  “A few more years like this last,”
remarked Henry Lee, gazing gloomily
out across his former estate, “and we’ll
all quit. But, thank God, they can’t
farm the Black Mesa.”

  On the second day they turned east,
crossing the boggy river, and mounting
up on a great plateau, and then Bowles
saw why Henry Lee's remark was true.
The Black Mesa was high and level,
with a wealth of coarse grass on the
flats, and wooded hills behind; but hills
and flats alike were covered with a
layer of loose rocks that made the land
a wilderness. Even the wagon road on
which they traveled was a mere rut
across the rock patch, and from a dis-
tance it looked like a ruined stone wall
where the rocks had been thrown to
both sides. And the rocks were black
—a scorched, volcanic black, with
square corners and uneroded edges that
gashed at the horses’ ankles. Deep-
cut canons wound tortuously across the
level mesa, their existence unsuspected
until the rider stopped at their brink;
and hidden in their sullen depths the
scant supply of water was lost to all
but the birds.

  Yet to the cowboys the landscape was
cheering, for there was bunch grass be-
tween the rocks, and not a house in
sight. It is hard to please everybody
in this world, but cowboys are easily
pleased. All they want is a good horse
and plenty of swing room, and a land-
scape gardener couldn’t make it better.
To Bowles the lower valley had been
a wild and unsettled country, but he
found that even the Black Mesa was
tame to these seasoned nomads.

  “Jest wait till I take you to the White
Mountains,” said Brig, as he rode by
his side. “This country has all been
fed off till they’s nothin’ much left
but the rocks—no game nor nothin’.
But the Sierra Blancas are different;
that’s them over that far ridge.”

  He pointed at a filmy point of white
half lost between the blue of the pine-
clad mountains and the blue of the sky
beyond; and Bowles’ heart leaped up
at the sight. At last he was in the
Far West—that strange, elusive coun-
try of which so many speak, and which

is yet so hard to find—and the untrod
wilderness lay before him. The Sierra
Blancas, home of the deer and the bear
and the wolf and the savage Apache
Indians! Even in his age and time,
there was still a wilderness to conquer
and the terrors of the old frontier to
stir the blood.

  “How far is it?” he inquired, his
eyes questing out the way; and when
Brig told him, he reached over and
clutched his hand. “Brig,” he cried,
“I want to go there! I’d like to go
right now.”

  He looked across at his partner, but
Brigham did not answer, and Bowles
knew what was in his mind.

  “Of course, now that you’re made

foreman-he began, but Brig smiled

a cynical smile.

  “Don’t you let that worry you none,”
he growled. “The way these Texicans
is takin’ on, I don’t reckon I’ll last
very long. Hardy Atkins is the leader
of this bunch, and he’s bound to git his
job back; I’m jest holdin’ on fer spite.”
“But how can he get it back?” pro-
tested Bowles. “Mr. Lee told me you
were one the best cowmen he ever
knew, and you certainly know the range

all right-”

  “Yes, but that ain’t it,” put in Brig.
“Here’s the proposition : Henryk Lee is
gittin’ old; he can’t be his own wagon
boss forever, and he’s lookin’ round
fer a man. The man that gits the job
will git more than that—he’ll marry
Dixie Lee.”

  “Oh, nonsense!” cried Bowles. “Why
should he ?”

  “Don’t know why,” answered Brig-
ham doggedly. “Only that’s the way
it always goes—and Hardy, he wants
Dixie.”

  “But surely after the way he con-
ducted himself down at Chula Vista
it-”

  “Oh, that’s nothin’,” asserted Brig-
ham.

  “You think she would marry him?”
“Don’t know,” grumbled Brig.
“She’s got us all aguessin’. All I know
is, I won’t last long as straw boss. Ydu
wait till we git up in the mountains,
where old Henry can’t git no more
ALIAS <BOWLES AND THE FA<R WEST

185

hands, and then watch the fur begin to
fly. Didn’t they all eat dirt to git took
back fer green hands? Didn’t you see
’em talkin’ it over? All they got to do
now is to git us fired, and then they’ll
be the top hands. Huh ! That’s easy !”

  The second in command would say
110 more, but a few days gave token of
the coming storm. As they pulled in
at the upper ranch, where cowboys and
“station men” did duty all the' year,
the stray men from other outfits threw
in with them again, and increased their
number to a scant twenty. Bar Seven
was there, after a return to his own
headquarters, and several of the other
men; but the men who dwelt in the hills
were of a different breed, with hair
long and beards scrubby, and overalls
greasy from lonely cooking; and they
looked at Bowles askande.

  “Who’s that feller?” they asked; and
the answer was always the same if they
asked it of a Texan.

  “Oh, that’s a young English dude,”
they said. “He’s got his eye on Dixie.”

  Strange how these men of the fron-
tier were so quick to read his heart;
Alias Bowles had talked with Dixie Lee
only twice in a month, but they had
read him like a book. Or perhaps it
was just plain jealousy, since they,
too, had their eyes on Dixie—jealousy
and a sneaking knowledge that he had t
a chance to win. They cast apprais-
ing glances at his expensive saddle, his .
silver-mounted spurs, and eleven-dollar
Stetson, and hated him for his prosper-
ity ; they watched him work in the cor-
ral, and scoffed at him for his horse-
manship ; and when he talked they lis-
tened to his broad “a’s,” his soft "r’s,”
and his purling “er’s” with wonder and
contempt. Not that they listened very
much, for they took pains to break in
on him as grown folks do when a child
is speaking; but they curled their lips
at his coming, and exchanged glances
behind his back, and finally, as the work
progressed, their hostility began to take
form.

  For three days the outfit lay at head-
quarters while fresh horses w'ere caught
and shod; and here Hardy Atkins and
his followers suffered the humiliation

of losing their mounts. As top hands,
they had taken the pick of the remuda,
the fleetest runners, the gentlest night
horses, the best-reined cutting horses;
but now in the1 reapportionment they
found themselves reduced to “skates
and bronks.” Three davs of shoeing

o

the skates, and especially the bronks,
did not tend to sweeten their tempers
any, and as they moved up to Warm
Springs and began to rake the range
the spirit of rebellion broke loose.

  Warm Springs lies at the bottom of
a gash in the face of the mesa, and
the cow trails lead to it for miles.
Above there is no water, below it is
shut in by the rim of the canon, and
the cattle file down the long trail day
and night. Consequently the near-by
grass is fed down to the roots, and the
remuda had to be held up on the high
mesa. All day the horse wrangler
grazed his charges in distant swales,
bringing them in for water and the
horse changing morning and noon ; and
at night the cowboys wratcned them be-
neath the cold stars—that is, when they
kept awake.

  On the second morning three horses
were missing, the next day twro more,
and on the next eight horses more were
gone, and several men were practically
afoot.

  “Who let those horses get away ?”
demanded Henry, Lee, as he rounded
up his night herders by the corral.

  “Not me!” said the members of the
first squad.

  “We never stopped ridin’,” said the
second guard.

  “They was gone w'hen we come on,”
said the third guard.

  And the fourth guard swore they
were innocent.

  “Well, somebody’s been asleep—•
that’s all I know!” said Henry Lee;
and he sent off two mountain men on
their best mounts to trail the runaways
down and bring them back. Then he
listened to the mutual recriminations of
the night herders, and guessed shrewdly
at who was at fault. For when the
night herders get to quarreling among
themselves, waking each other up
ahead of time, and sleeping on one
186

THE <PO<PUU1<R MAGAZINE

hand till it slips and wakes them up,
that is a sure sign, and precursor of
greater troubles to come, and it calls
for an iron hand. Even as he was lis-
tening, a row broke out in the round
corral, where the cowboys were roping
their mounts.

  “Turn that hawse loose!” roared
Brigham, suddenly mounting up on the
fence.

  "I will not!” retorted the voice of
Hardy Atkins from within.

  “He belongs to my mount!” protest-
ed Brigham, with appropriate oaths.

  “I don’t care whose mount he be-
longs to,” snarled the ex-straw boss,
dragging the horse out by the neck.
“You top hands mash your ear all night,
and let my hawses drift, and then ex-
pect me to walk. You bet yore boots
that don’t go! I’ll take the best I can
find. You can’t put me afoot!”

  “I’ll put you on yore back,” rum-
bled Brigham, dropping truculently
down from his perch, ‘4if you try to
git gay with me. You may be from
Bitter Crick, Texas, but you got to
whip me before you break into my
mount!”

  “Well, he’s got the Money Bug brand
on ’im,” sulked Atkins, “that’s all I
know. And as long as they’s a hawse
left in the remuda——”

  “Here, here!” said Henry Lee, walk-
ing in.on the squabble. “What’s all this
about ? What are you doing with Brig’s
hawse, Hardy? Why don’t you ride
your own ?”

  “Well, these nester kids and Mor-
mons went to sleep on guard, and let
my top hawses pull; now I got nothin’
but bronks to ride.”

  “Well, ride ’em, then!” commanded
Henry Lee severely. “And another
thing, Mr. Atkins—next time you’ve
got a grievance, come to me; don’t try
to correct it yourself.”

  He regarded his former straw boss
with narrowing eyes, and Atkins roped
out a bronk; but in the evening he took
the first occasion to pick a quarrel with
Brigham. They were gathered about
the fire in the scant, hour between
branding and first guard, and Brigham
was telling a story. As was his cus-

tom, Henry Lee had pitched his teat
on one side, for he never mixed with
his men, and Brig had the stage to
himself.

  “W'ell, you fellers talk about gittin’
lost,” he was saying; "you ought to be
up in that Malapai country. We had
a land sharp along—claimed to know

the world by sections—and he-”

  “Aw, what do you knowr about the
Malapai country ?” broke in Atkins
rudely. “You cain’t even lead a circle
on the Black Mesa and git back to
camp the same day. My hawse give

out this mornin’ tryin’ to-”

  “Say,” interposed Brigham peace-
ably, “you know what the boss said
this mornin’—if you got any grievance,
tell it to him. I’m tellin’ these gentle-
men a story.”

  “A dam’ lie would come nearer to
it!” sneered Hardy, curling his lips
with spleen; and at the word Brigham
rose swiftly to his feet.

  “If you’re lookin’ fer trouble, Mr.
Atkins,” he said, taking off his hat and
laying it carefully to one side, “you
don’t need to go no farther. And if
you ain’t,” he cried, suddenly advanc-
ing, with blood in his eye, “you take
back what you said, or I'll slap yore
face off!”

  The astounding ease with which he
got a rise out of his adversary seemed
to take all the fight out of Hardy At-
kins, and he mumbled some vague
words of apology; but Brigham was
hard to mollify.

  “Well, that’s all right,” he grumbled.
“It ain’t my fault if you go on a drunk
and lose yore job; and it ain’t my fault
if the boss makes me straw; but don’t
you try to crowd me, Hardy Atkins,
or I’ll make you match yore words.
The man never lived that can call me
a liar and git away with it, and I’ll
thank you to let me alone.”

  He went back, and sat down by the
fire, puffing and panting with the vio-
lence of his emotions; but as he gazed
thoughtfully into the fire, and no one
interrupted his mood, he fell into a
cynical philosophy.

  “Mighty funny about these Tee-
hannos,” he said, glancing around at the
ALIAS ‘BOWLES AN<D THE FA<R WEST

187

respectful company. ‘‘They say back in
Texas when a man gits where he can
count fifty they set him to teachin’
school; and when he can count up to
a hundred he gits onto himse’f and
leaves the cussed country. Ordinary
folks kin only count to twenty—ten
fingers and ten toes,, like an Injun. It’s
sure a fine country to emigrate from.”
He looked about with a superior
smile, and Buck Buchanan took up the
cudgels for Texas.

  “They tell me, Brig/’ he said, “that
them Mormons down on the river cain’t
talk no mo’—jest kinder git along by
signs and a kind of sheep blat they
have.”

  “Nope,” answered Brigham; “they is
sech people, but they don’t live along
the Heely. Them fellers you’re think-
in’ of is in the goat business; they
don’t say baaa, like a sheep; they go
maaa, like a goat. I’ve heard tell of
them, too. It seems they don’t wear
no pants; nothin’ but skirts. They live
on them goat ranches back in western
Texas.”

  He paused, and looked around for
appreciation, but only the nester kids
smiled.

  “I was drivin’ a bunch of strays
down through that Mormon country
one time,” explained Buck Buchanan;
“that’s where I got the idee. That’s
a great country, ain’t it, Brig? Lots
of houses, too. I remember I stopped
one time at a street crossin’, and they
was houses on all four corners. They
was a lot of kids playin’ around, and
I asked one of ’em whose houses they
were, and he says ‘My father’s.’

  “ ‘How comes yore father to have
so many houses?’” I says. ‘Does he
rent ’em ?’

  “ ‘No, sir,’ the kid says. ‘He lives
in ’em. Don’t you know him? He’s
the bishop.’ ”

  A roar of laughter followed this bru-
tal innuendo, but Brigham was not set
back. His mind had become accus-
tomed to all such jests.

  “Aw, you’re jealous,” he grunted,
and let the Gentiles rage until, as the
talk ran on, he gradually assumed the
lead.

  “That’s one thing you’ll never find
around a Mormon town,” he began,
still speaking with philosophical calm,
“you’ll never find no Texican. Of
course, a Mormon has to work, and
that bars most of ’em at the start; but
I dunno—-seems like the first settlers
took a prejudice ag’inst ’em. I remem-
ber my old man tellin’ how it come that
way—’course they must be mistaken,
but the Mormons think a Texan ain’t
got no sense.

  “It seems the Mormons wras the first
folks to settle along the Heely, and
my grandpaw was one of the leaders;
he killed a lot of Injuns, believe me.
But one day when he was gittin’ kinder
old and feeblelike he got a notion in
his head that he wanted a squirrel skin,
and so he called in my father, and
said:

  “ ‘Son, you take yore rifle, and go
out and git me a gray squirrel; and
be careful not to shoot ’im in the head,
because I want the brains to tan the
skin with.’

  “So my father he went up in the
pines, and hunted around; but the only
squirrel he could find was stickin’ his
head over the limb, and, rather than
not git nothin’, he shot him anyhow.
Well, he brought him back to the old
man, and he said to ’im:

  “ ‘I’m mighty sorry, dad; the squir-
rels was awful scarce, and, rather than
not git any, I had to shoot this one
through the head.’

  “ ‘Oh, that’s all right,’ the old man
says. ‘You got a nice s1<in anyway,
and I reckon we can fix it somehow.
I tell you what you do—they’s a bunch
of Texans camped down by the lower
water; you go down and kill one of
them, and mebbe we can use his
brains.’ ”

  Brigham paused, and looked around
with squinched-up, twinkling eyes; and
at last Buck Buchanan broke the dra-
matic silence.

 “Well,” he demanded roughly,
“what’s the joke?”

  “Well, sir,” ran on Brig, “you
wouldn’t hardly believe it, but my old
man had to kill six of them Texicans to
git brains enough to tan that squirrel
188

THE cPOcPULA<R MAGAZINE

skin! That's why they won’t take ’em
into the church.”

CHAPTER XVIII.

THE ROUGH RIDERS.

  Brigham Clark's squirrel-skin story
w7as not calculated to build up the en-
tente cordial with Texas, but Brigham
was no trimmer. The only kind of
fighting he knew was to stand up and
strike from the shoulder, and a few
cracks about Mormon marital customs
had not tended to lighten the blow.
Numerically he was outnumbered by
the Texans, but when it came to a con-
test of wits he did not need any he!p.
He went off to bed now, laughing, and
to all of Bowles' chidings he turned an
unheeding ear.

  “Let 'em roar,” he said. “It’s no skin
off my nose. Them fellers has been
cavin’ round and givin’ off head long
enough—I sure capped ’em in on that,
all right. Well, let ’em rough-house me
if they want to—they's two can play at
that game. I never seen the Texan yet
that looked bad to me—and if they git
too gay the boss will fire the whole ca-
boodle. I ain't lookin’ fer trouble, but
no bunch of ignorant Texicans can run
it over me! Umph-umm !”

  So the feud went on, and when Dixie
rode into camp with the mail she
smelled war in the very air. The men
walked past each other with the wary
glances of fighting dogs, and even her
little comedy at the delivering of the
letters failed to visibly lighten the
gloom. A private interview with the
cook, who carefully kept out of the ruc-
tion and gave neither side comfort nor
succor, revealed the fact that the situa-
tion was serious; and with the success
of the round-up at stake, Dixie May
was quick to act. When her father re-
turned to his dog tent at supper time he
found her war bag inside, and with a
mount of horses cut out for her, Dixie
Lee took on for a cowboy.

  They were up on the cedar ridges of
the mountains now, driving down wild
steers from the upper pastures, and a
woman was as good as a man. Dixie

was better than most, for she had rid-
den those, rough mesas before, and could
drift off a ridge like a blacktail. Her
desperate rivalry in the chase fired thf§
hearts of the most malingering, and
more than one mossheaded old outlaw
found himself outgeneraled and flogged
into the herd. And a steer is a steer
these days—he is worth as much as a
horse.

  Every morning as the punchers set
out on the long circle Dixie May picked
out a man to dare, and several prairie-
bred Texans failed to follow her over
the rocks. Mounted on the best horses
in the remuda, knowing the ways of
wild cattle and the lay of the land
ahead, she took after the first puff of
dust she saw7, and followed it till she
smelled smoke. If her steer turned
back she ran him down and roped him,
and if her escort did not show up that
time, she hog-tied her catch and went
on. It was a wild, free life, and she
threw herself into it recklessly, glorying
in the unholy joy of beating them vat
their own game. She rode with Brig-
ham and Hardy Atkins; uncouth moun-
tain men and rawboned nester kids;
and finally, when the time was ripe, she
picked on Bowles.

  Alias Bowles was mounted on his top
horse, Wa-ha-lote, and he rode proudly
along behind Brigham, for in the rough
and tumble of cross-country running he
was holding his own with the best.

  A bunch of wild cattle sprang up sud-
denly from their hiding place on a far
point; for a moment they stood staring,
their ears silhoueted against the sky,
and the keen eyes of the straw7 boss read
their earmarks like a book.

  “There’s tw^o Money Bug steers in
that bunch,” he said. “Head ’em off,
Bowles, and drive ’em down the
canon!”

  Then Bowles leaned forward in his
saddle and raced them for the high
ground. He headed them, and they
doubled to beat him back. Once more
he headed them off, while the outfit
went on with its circle, and just as they
stopped to look him over again he saw7
a horse coming down on his right. It
was Dixie, mounted on her favorite
ALIAS BOWLES AN<D THE FA<R WEST

189

roan, and she motioned him to swing
around on the left. Then the riding be-
gan all over again, for the steers were
wild as bucks, and they knew every trail
on the bench, but the shod horses were
too fast for them on the rocks, and as
their hoofs began to get hot from the
friction, they turned and dashed for the
rim.

  From the high ridge where the circle
was led to the bottom canon where the
hold-up herd lay, the land fell away in
three benches, each a little narrower,
each a little steeper at the jump-off—
and Bowles and Dixie Lee went over the
first pitch hot-foot on the heels of their
quarry. They raced back and forth on
the second terrace, trying to head the
cattle down a natural trail; but now a
wild, self-destroying panic came upon
them, and they took off over the rough
ground.

  “I'll dare you to follow me!” cried
Dixie, turning her eager roan after
them; and helter-skelter over the rough
rocks, swinging and ducking under trees
and jumping over bowlders and bushes,
she went spurring after the cattle. Be-
hind her came Bowles, his eyes big with
excitement, staring at her madcap rid-
ing with the fear of death in his heart.
Down over the rough jump-off they
went, the dust and smoke from friction-
burned hoofs striking hot in their faces
as they rode, and by the grace of God
somehow they reached the bench be-
low.

  “Don’t ride over there!” he entreated,
as the cattle scampered on toward the
last pitch, but Dixie laughed at him,
loud and shrill.

  “Will you take a dare?” she taunted,
raising her quirt to strike, and before
Bowles could say a word Wa-ha-lote
grabbed the bit and went after her like
a rocket. Whatever his master thought,
it was outside of Wa-ha-lote’s simple
code to let any horse give him his dust.
Wild with terror and excitement, the
big steers made straight for the jump-
off, which was high and steep; over they
went, with Dixie after them, and then,
like a bolt from behind, Wa-ha-lote
leaped over the rampart and went plow-
ing down the slope. Twice he jumped

as he came to dikes of rock, and
Bowles stayed with him like a hurdler;
then, with a lightning scramble over the
loose stones, he took the trail from the
roan and went pounding down the hill.

  Tree limbs reached down to brush
Bowles off, sharp stubs threatened mo-
mentarily to snag his legs, and bowlders
to dash his brains out if he fell, but the
lion-hearted Wa-ha-lote had asserted
his mastery, and Bowles could only
hang on. At the bottom of the slide
they crashed through a dead-limbed
cedar, sending the bone-dry sticks flying
in every direction, and when Alias
Bowles swung up into the saddle, he
was thundering across the flat, and the
steers were at his bits. Vague wisps
of smoke, white, and smelling like a
blacksmith shop, leaped up as the har-
ried brutes skated over the rocks, and
Bowles knew that his battle was won.
Once in the soft sand of the creek bed
they would never turn back to the
heights, for their feet were worn to the
quick. But it had been a hard race—
even Wa-ha-lote was slowing down,
and Dixie Lee was nowhere in sight.

  J\ sudden doubt assailed Bowles, and
he tugged sharply at the bit; he pulled
down to a walk, and looked behind;
then, as he saw no sign, he stopped s^orr
and let the cattle go. For a tense minute-
he listened while Wa-ha-lote puffed like
a steamboat; then, with a grave look
on his face, he turned and rode back up
the hill.

 “Oh, Miss • Lee!” he shouted.
“Dixie!”

  And a thin answer came from the
slope above.

  “Catch my horse!” it said. “He’s
down in the gulch!”

  Bowles stared about and caught sight
of the red roan’s hide as he stood be-
hind some trees; then, with his rope
about its neck, he went spurring up the
hill.

  Dixie Lee was lying very awkwardly
among the rocks at the foot of a sorubby
juniper, and at the first glance Bowles
knew she was hurt. Not only was her
hat gone and her stout skirt ripped and
torn, but her face was very pale, and her
lips drawn tight together.
190

THE cPOcPULAcR MAGAZINE

  “Horse fell with me,” she said, greet-
ing him with a fleeting smile, “hurt my
knee right bad. First time I’ve known
him to do that—say, help me out of
these rocks.”

  Very tenderly Alias Bowles reached
down and raised her to her feet; then,
with one arm about his neck, she tried
to hobble away, but at the second hop
she paused.

  “Nope—hurts too bad,” she said;
“put me down.”

  But Bowles did nothing of the kind.
He took her up in his strong young
arms, and carried her down the hill.
He even wished it was farther, but she
spied a bed of leaves under a cedar,
and ordered him to put her there.
Then she looked up at him curiously,
and for a while lay ver)r still.

  “What you got there?” she inquired,
as he came back holding his hat, and
Bowles showed her a crownful of water
that he had brought from a pool in the
gulch.

  “Ah!” sighed Dixie, and drank out of
it without scruple, long and deep.
“Say, that'= good,” she said; “now
pour some on my hands—they’re all
scratched up.” He did that, too, and
loaned her his neck handkerchief to sop
up the last of the wet.

  “Well, it’s a wonder you wouldn’t
ask a few questions,” she observed at
length, bathing her grimy face with the
handkerchief. “ ‘How’d it happen?’ or
‘How’re you feeling?’ or something like
that!”

  She smiled naturally at him now,
fluffing out her dark hair that hung like
an Indian’s in heavy braids, and Bowles’
face lighted up, and then flushed a
rosy red.

  “I see you are feeling better,” he said,
sitting down off to one side, and dec-
orously regarding his wet hat, “so how
did it happen?”

  “Well,” began Dixie, ruefully in-
specting her torn hands, “all I can re-
member is feeling my'horse going down
and jerking my feet out of the stirrups
—then I fetched up in that juniper. I
scrabbled out the minute I struck—■
afraid old Rufus would fall on me—■

and that’s where I hurt my knee—I
bumped it against a rock.” .

  She felt the injured limb over care-
fully, and shook her head.

  “I’m afraid I can't travel on that for
a while,” she said. “So get me your
coat to put under it, and prop it up, and
we’ll talk about something pleasant.
It’ll be all right, I reckon, after I rest
a while, but that fall certainly jarred
me up.

  “Say,” she observed, as Bowles came
back with his coat, “that was pretty
good, wasn’t it, what I was telling you
the other day—about nursing you back
to health and strength? Looks like
you’re the nurse, the way it turns out.
But you’re going to make a good one,”
she went on, as he tucked the coat un-
der her knee; “I can see that. Now
most people, when you get a hurt, or a
fall, or something, they come rushing
up to where you’re making faces, and
ask a lot of foolish questions—‘Are you
hurt?’ and ‘Did you fall?’ and all that,
until you want to kill ’em. But you
haven’t hardly said a word.”

  “No,” said Bowles, blushing and
looking away. “I’m awfully sorry you
fell—hope I didn’t make you. Is there
anything more I can do ?”

  “Oh, that’s all right,” she assured
him. “We all take a fall once in a
while. I feel kind of weak and trifling
right now—but don’t go! No, I want
you here for company!”

  Alias Bowles had risen up on a pre-
text of looking after the horses, but
Dixie Lee was firm.

  “No, you stay,” she said, as he ex-
plained that she might wish to be alone.
“You’re out West now, Bowles, and
you remember what Hardy Atkins told
you—‘if a lady asks you to take a let-
ter, take it!’ Of course, that was none
of Hardy’s business, but ^that’s the rule
out here, and I want you to come back
and sit down. No, not away over there
—I wTant you right up close!”

  Bowles came back as readily as a dog,
but he did not sit very close. For some
reason unknown to himself he assumed
that she would be embarrassed, not only
by their isolated position, but by the in-
timacies which had arisen between them.
ALIAS (BOWLES AN<D THE FA<R WEST

191

Moved by a strong and humane pur-
pose, he had gathered her up in his
arms and carried her down the hill; but
hardly had he felt her arm about his
neck, her breath against his cheek, and
her heart against his breast, when the
dimensions of his world had suddenly
narrowed down, and there was only
Dixie Lee and him. And now he was
still dazed and breathless, afraid of him-
self, and not trusting in his strength—
and yet he would do anything to please
her.

  "Come on over here,” she coaxed,
patting the leaves by her side, and
Bowles came as near as he dared. “Now
tell me some stories,” she said, settling
back and closing her eyes. "Ah, this
will be fine—tell me something interest-
ing, so I can forget that knee. It sure
aches—when I think about it—but I
believe there’s something in mind cure.
Go ahead and talk. Where’d you learn
to ride so well?”

  “Oh, that?” beamed Bowles. "Do
you think I can ride? Well, I’m not so
bad, over the rocks, you know. I used
to ride to the hounds. We chased foxes
through the woods, leaping stone w^alls,
and five-bar gates, and all that, and
really, I used to enjoy it. Nothing like
cow-punching, of course, but great
sport all the same. I remember once
we were out at Clarendon-"

  He fell into the details of a fox hunt
—the first time he had spoken of his
past life—and Dixie was careful not to
interrupt him. Then he told of his life
in the military school, where they taught
boys the cavalryman’s craft, and Dixie
lay quiet and listened. If her knee hurt
she did not know it, for she was piecing
out his career. School, college, country
club, one after the other he alluded to
them, but even in his boyish enthusiasm
he was careful to mention no names;
and as he wandered 011 with his stories
Dixie Lee wondered who he was. Cer-
tainly no inconsiderable man in his own
country, and yet here he was, an or-
dinary hired hand, punching cows for
forty-five a month. But why? And if
he had followed her to the end of the
world to win her heart, why did he not
talk of love to her, now that they were

there together? And when he had
taken her in his arms, when he had car-
ried her under the tree, and pulled off
her boot, and tucked his coat under her
knee, why had there been no caress, no
look, 110 unnecessary attentions to show
that he really cared? Dixie May
opened her eyes and gazed out at him
through half-closed lashes, and some-
how she liked him better—he seemed to
be different from the rest.

  “Mr. Bowles,” she said at last,
“you’re an awfully interesting man, but
there are some things I can’t under-
stand. There’s something mysterious
about you. I know you must be all
right, because I met you at Mrs. Mel-
vine’s, but at the same time you’re hid-
ing out like an ordinary horse-stealing
Texican. What are you up to, any-
way ?”

  “Why, I thought you knew all about
that,” explained Alias Bowles, the old
baffling smile coming back into his eyes.
“Don’t you remember, I told you about
it on the train?’’

  ‘‘Yes, I remember, all right,” an-
swered Dixie. "But yon did" * tell me
very much—and then you toid me dif-
ferent at Chula Vista. I thought I had
a line on you once, but you’re too deep
for me. What’s this I hear about a
girl?”

  “A girl?” repeated Bowles, with
questioning gravity. “Why, what do
you mean? What did you hear?”

  “A girl back in New York,” con-
tinued Dixie, glancing at him shrewdly
as she hazarded a guess—and as she
gazed he flushed and looked away.

  “WTiatever you have heard,” he said
at last, “I have nothing to be ashamed
of—would you like me to get you some
water ?”

  “Aw, Mr. Bowles,” cried Dixie re-
proachfully, “are you trying to side-
step me on this?”

  “No, indeed !” replied Bowles, settling
back with masterful calm. “What is it
you have heard—and what would you
like to know?”

  He paused and regarded her ex-
pectantly, and Dixie saw that she was
called. A shadow passed over her face;
a shadow of annoyance, and of suspi-
192

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

cion, perhaps, as well; but she felt the
rebuke of his frankness and pursued
her inquiry no further.

  “Well, perhaps you are right,” she
said, as if answering an unspoken re-
proof. “It was nothing to your dis-
credit, Mr. Bowles; and I am sure it is
none of my business. I guess I’m kind
of spoiled out here—I get to joshing
with these cowboys until I don’t know
anything else. I believe I would like
that drink.”

  Bowles leaped up promptly at the
word and came back with his new hat
full of water. He held it for her to
drink, and as she finished and looked
up, she saw that his eyes were troubled.

  “Oh, dear!’’ she cried impulsively,
“have I made you any trouble? You’ve
been so good to me here—what have I
gone and done now?’’

  “Oh, it’s not you at all,” he assured
her, and then his voice broke, and he
faltered: “But have you really heard
from New York?”

  “W'hy, no, Mr. Bowles,” soothed
Dixie, laying her hand on his arm.
“Not a word—I don't know anything
about you—I was only making it up.”
“Oh!” said Bowles, and drew his arm
away. He looked out at the horses for
a moment, poured the water out of his
hat, and turned back, his old smiling
self.

  “How is your knee now?” he asked
kindly. “Do you think you can ride?
I suppose we ought to be going pretty
soon.”

  Dixie glanced over at him, and her
heart sank—she had observed these sud-
den changes in Bowles before, and even
his boyish smile could not lighten the
veiled rebuke. When Bowles had
thoughts that were antisocial he was
always unusually kind, and his way of
expressing disapproval was to tactfully
change the subject. And now he wras
talking of going! Dixie scowled and
felt of her knee, and rose stiffly to her
feet.

  “Well, if you’re in such a hurry,”
she sulked, but Bowles was at her side
in an instant.

  “Oh, my dear Miss Lee!” he cried,
catching her as she poised for a limp.

“Please don’t do that! Let me carry
you when the time comes, but we will
rest as long as you please.”

  He passed a compelling arm about
her, and lowered her gently to her
place; then he sat down beside her, and
breathed hard as he set her free.

  “Really,” he murmured, “we don't
seem to understand each other very
well, Miss Lee!”

  “That’s because neither one of us is
telling the truth!” observed Dixie, with
acertain bitterness. They sat for a mo-
ment in silence, and then she turned
about and looked him squarely in the
eye.

  “Mr. Bowles,” she said, in measured
tones, “who are you, anyway ?”

  “Who—me?” parried Bowles, lapsing
into the vernacular. “Why, you know
me! I'm Bowles, the gentleman you
met at Mrs. Melvine’s.”

 “There! *You see?” commented
Dixie. “You’re afraid to tell your own

name, and I’m-”

  “Yes?” questioned Bowles.

  “Well, I don’t know what I’m afraid
of,” she went on bluntly, “but I’ve got
something on my mind.”

  “Why, surely,” began Bowles appre-
hensively, “I—I hope I haven’t given
offense in any way. You were hurt,
you know—and I was a little excited—■
and-”

  “Oh, that’s all right,” said Dixie
heartily. “You’re a perfect gentleman
—I always knew that. But you haven’t
had much to do with women, have you,
Mr. Bowles?”

  Her voice trailed off a little at the
close, and Bowles looked up at her,
mystified. He thought quickly, won-
dering where she was leading him, and
decided to tell the truth.

  “Why, no, Miss Lee,” he stammered,

“I suppose not. I hope I haven’t-”

  “Oh, no, no!” cried Dixie. “I don’t
mean that. I was just thinking—well,
I -mustn't take advantage of you then.”
She favored him with one of her sud-
den, tantalizing smiles, and his brain
whirled as he looked away.

“No,” he muttered, taking a deep
breath, “it wouldn’t be fair, you know.”
“Well, go and cinch up my horse
nuns <bowles nN<D the fm^ west

193

then,'’ she said, “and I’ll make an ex-
ception of you.”

  He looked up at her suddenly, star-
tled by the way she spoke, and went to
do her will.

 “Now,” he announced, when the
horse was ready, ‘‘shall I help you while
you mount?’’

  “Why, yes,” she said, “if you think
it’s safe?”

  And then he gathered her into his
arms.

  “I ll be careful,” he 'Said. But the
devil tempted him—and Dixie forgot
and smiled.

  “Never mind,” she whispered, as he
lifted her to the saddle; “that was to
pay you for being nurse.”

CHAPTER XIX.

A COMMON B R A W L.

  There is a madness which comes to
certain people at certain times, and
makes them forget the whole wTorld. In
such a moment Alias Bowles had stolen
a kiss—for the first time in his life—
and Dixie Lee had forgiven him. He
had stolen it quickly, and she had for-
given him quickly, and then they had
ridden on together without daring so
much as a glance. That kiss had meant
a great deal to both of them, and they
needed time to think. So they rode
down to the hold-up herd in silence, and
parted without a word.

  Dixie went on to camp, to rest and
care for her hurts; and Bowles, with a
sad and preoccupied smile, stayed by to
help with the herd. But the jealous
eyes of hate are quick to read such
smiles, and as Bowles rode along on
the swing he was suddenly startled out
of his dreams. Hard}- Atkins went out
of his way to rule past him, and as he
spurred his horse in against his stirrup
he hissed:

  “You leave my girl alone, you blank-
ety-blank !” and went muttering on his
way.

  This roused Bowles from his reverie,
and he began to think. If Hardy Atkins
had noticed a change there were others
who would do the same. How Atkins
^13 A

had guessed or what the clew had been,
he could not tell, but, having been care-
fully brought up, Bowles knew exactly
what he ought to do. Before the first
rumor had run its course it was his duty
as a gentleman to go to Henry Lee and
make a report of the facts; then, if any
exaggerated statements came to his ears
later, Mr. Lee would know that his con-
duct had been honorable, and that
green-eyed envy was raising its hateful
head. So, without more ado, he rode
up to the point of the herd, and saluted
the austere boss.

  “Mr. Lee,” he said, as that gentleman
turned upon him sharply, “I am sorry,
but Miss Lee had a very bad fall this
morning, and she has gone ahead to
camp.”

  “Yes, I saw her,” returned the boss.
“What about it?”

  “Well—I was afraid she might not
mention it to you, or minimize her
hurts, but, as a matter of fact, she fell
on a steep hill, and if it hadn’t been for
a juniper tree she might have been seri-
ously injured. As it is, her knee gave
her quite a lot of trouble, and I had to
help her to mount.”

  “Oh!” commented Henry Lee, and
glanced at him again. ’“Well, what is
it?” he inquired, as Bowles still rode at
his side.

 “Excuse me,” stammered Alias
Bowles, holding resolutely to his task,
“I thought, perhaps, you might want to
ride ahead and help her off her horse.”

  For a moment the boss looked him
over, then he grunted, and bowed quite
formally.

  “Yes, thank you, Mr. Bowles,” he
said. “Will you call Hardy to take my
place ?”

  He waited until Hardy ’Atkins had
started, and then put spurs to his horse,
and when the cowboys reached camp he
was busy about the tent.

  The next day Dixie did not ride out
on the round-up, and when they came
back she was gone. “Back to the home
ranch,” the cook reported, and he added
that she was not very lame; but the
cow-punchers glared at Bowles as if he
had crippled her for life. And not only
194

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

that, but as if he had done it on pur-
pose.

  “These blankety-blank tenderfeet,”
commented Hardy Atkins, by the fire,
“they can make an outfit more trouble
than a bunch of Apache Indians. I
cain’t stand ’em—it’s onlucky to have
’em around.”

  “I’d rather be short-handed, any
time,” observed Buck Buchanan sagely.

 “Now, there’s Dix,” continued
Hardy, with a vindictive glance at
Bowles, '‘worth any two men in the out-
fit—ride anywhere—goes out with this
hyer tenderfoot, and comes within an
ace of gittin’ killed. She raced with
me, rode with Red and Slim, and left
the straw a mile—the Hinglishman
comes in behind her, crowds her outer
the trail, and if it hadn’t been fer that
juniper she’d ’a’ landed in them rocks.”
Alias Bowles looked up scornfully
from his place and said nothing, but
Brigham appeared for the defense.

  “Aw, what do you know about it?”
he growled. “You wasn’t there. Who
told you he crowded her out of the
trail ?”

  “Well, he says so himse’f!” protested
Atkins, pointing an accusing finger at
Bowles. “Didn’t he come into camp
and tell all about it? I believe that he
was tryin’ to do it so he could git a

chance to-”

  “Mr. Atkins,” said Alias Bowles, ris-
ing to his feet, and speaking trem-
ulously, “I shall have to ask-”

  But that was as far as he got. With
a tigerlike spring the ex-twister was
upon him, and before he could raise his
hands he struck him full in the face.

  "You will talk about my gal, will ye?”
he shouted, as Bowles went down at the
blow. “Stand up hyer, you white-liv-
ered Hinglishman ; I’ll learn you to butt
in on my game !”

  “Here! What’re you tryin’ to do?”
demanded Brigham, leaping up hastily
and confronting his old-time enemy.
“You touch that boy again, and I’ll
slap yore dirty face off!”

  “Well, he’s been gittin’ too important
around hyer!” cried Atkins noisily.
"And he’s been talkin’ about my gal—
I won’t take that from no man.”

  “Huh!” sneered Brigham, drawing
closer and clenching his hands. “You’re
mighty quick to hit a man when he ain't
lookin’—why don’t you take a man of
yore size now and hit me ?”

  “I ain’t got no quarrel with you,”
raved Hardy Atkins. “That’s the fel-
ler I’m after—he’s been talkin’ about
my gal.”

  “He has not,” replied Brigham delib-
erately. “He never talked about no gal,
and I’ll whip the man that says so—
are you bad hurt, pardner?”

  He knelt by the side of the prostrate
Bowles, who opened his eyes and stared.
Then he looked about him and raised
one hand to his cheek, which was
bruised and beginning to swell.

  “I’ll learn you to cut me out!”
taunted Hardy Atkins, shaking his fist,
and doing a war dance. “I’ll make you
hard to ketch if you try to butt in on
me!”

  “Aw, shut up!” snarled Brigham, lift-
ing his partner up. “You’re brave
when a man ain’t lookin’, ain’t ye ?
Here, ketch hold of me, pardner, and
I’ll take you to yore bed.” ~

  Bowles dropped down on his blankets,
still nursing his aching head, but in the
morning he rose up with a purposeful
look in his eye. He was a long way
from New York and the higher life
now, and that one treacherous blow had
roused his fighting blood. For the cour-
age which prompts a man to strike in
the dark he had little if any respect,
and he went straight over to Hardy At-
kins the moment he saw him alone.

  "Mr. Atkins,” he said, “you hit me
when I wasn’t looking last night. Next
time you won’t find me so easy—but be
so good as to leave Miss Lee’s name out
of this.”

  “Oho!” taunted the cow-puncher,
straightening up and regarding him
with a grin. “So you want some more,
hey? That crack oil the jaw didn’t
satisfy you. What’s the matter with
yore face this mawnin’ ?”

  “Never you mind about my face,”
returned Bowles. “If you are so low
as to be proud of a trick like that you
are a coward, and no gentleman, and—
put up your hands!”
A LIAS <BOWLES AN<D THE FA<R WEST

195

  He squared off as he spoke, falling
back upon his right foot, and presenting
a long, menacing left, but Hardy Atkins
only laughed and loosened his pistol.

  “Aw, go on away/' he said. “D’ye
think I want to box with you ? No, if
you git into a fight with me you’re liable
to stop ’most anythin’—I’ll hit you over
the coco with this!”

  He laid his hand on the heavy Colt’s
which he always wore in his chaps, and
gazed upon him insolently.

  “You can’t run no blazer over me,
Mr. Willie-boy,” he went on, as Bowdes
put down his hands. “You’re out West
now, where everythin’ goes. If you’d
happen to whip me in a fist fight I’d git
my gun and shoot you, so keep yore
mouth shut unless you want to go the
limit. And while we’re talkin’,” he
drawled, “I think you might as well
drift—it’s goin’ to be mighty onhealthy
around hyer if I ketch you with Dixie
again.”

  “I asked you to leave her name out
of this,” suggested Alias Bowles, trying
bravely to keep his voice from getting
thin. “If you’ve got a quarrel with me,
well and good, but certainly no gentle-
man--”

  “Aw, go on away from me,” sneered
Hardy Atkins, waving him wearily
aside. “You seem to think you’re the
only gentleman in the outfit. Go chase
yoreself; you make me tired!’’

  The sight of grinning faces about the
corral recalled Bowles to the presence
of an audience and. choking with anger
and chagrin, he went off to saddle his
horse. Ever since his arrival Hardy
Atkins had ignored him, glancing at him
furtively, or gazing past him with su-
percilious scorn. Now for the first time
they had met as man to man, and in that
brief minute the ex-twister had shown
his true colors. He was a man of
treachery and violence, and proud of it.
He did not pretend to fair play, nor
subscribe to the rules of the game. He
did not even claim to be a gentleman!
There was the crux, and Alias Bowles
labored in his mind to find the key.
How could he compete—either in love
or war—with a man who was not a
gentleman ?

  It wras Brigham who gave the answer,
and to iiim it was perfectly simple.

  “Well,” he said, as they rode back
together from the circle, “he’s warned
you out of camp—what ye goin’ to do
about it ?”

  “Why, what can I do?” faltered
Bowles, wrhose* soul was darkened with
troubles.

  “Fight or git out,” replied Brigham
briefly.

  “But he won’t fight fair!” cried
Bowles. “He hits me when I’m not
looking—then when I offer to fight him
with my hands he threatens me with a
pistol. What can a man do ?”

  “Threaten ’im with youm!” returned
Brigham. “He won’t shoot—he’s one
of the worst four-flushers in Arizona!
He’s jest runnin’ it over you because he
thinks you’re a tenderfoot.”

  “How do you know he won’t shoot?”
inquired Bowles, to whom the whole
proposition was in the nature of an
enigma. “What does he carry that
pistol for, then ?”

  “Jest to look ba-ad,” sneered Brig-
ham, “and throw a big scare into
strangers. I ain’t got no six-shooter,
and he don’t run it over me, does he?
He’s afraid to shoot, that’s what’s the
matter—he knows very well the
Rangers would be on his neck before
he could cross the line. Don’t you let
these Texicans buffalo you, boy—the
only time they’re dangerous is when
they’re on a drunk.”

  “Then you mean,” began Alias
Bowles hopefully, “if I’d struck him
this morning he wouldn’t have used his
gun?”

  “Well,” admitted Brig, “he might’ve
drawed it—and if you’d whipped him
he might've taken a shot at you. But
you got a gun, too, ain’t you?”

  “Ye-es,” acknowledged Bowles, “but

I	don’t want to kill a man. I wouldn’t
like to shoot hinr with it.”

  “Well, then, fer Gawd’s sake, take it
off!” roared Brigham. “If he’d shot
you this mornin’ he could ’a’ got off fer
self-defense! Turn it over to the boss,
and tell him you don’t want no trouble
—then if Hardy shoots you he’ll swing
fer it!”
196

THE £POcPULA(R MAGAZINE

  “But how about me?”

  “You're twice as likely to git shot,
anyway,” persisted Brig, “with a gun
on you. If you got to pack a gun, leave
it in yore bed, where you can git it if
you want it; but if the other feller sees
you’re heeled, and he’s ^got a gun, it
makes him nervous, and if you make a
sudden move he plugs you. But if you
ain’t armed he don’t dare to—they’re
awful strict out here, and these Rangers
are the limit. Hardy won’t shoot—you
ain’t afraid of ’im, are you?”

  “No-o,” said Bowles, “not if he’d
fight fair.”

  “D’ye think you could whip ’im?” de-
manded Brigham eagerly.

  “I can try.”

  “That’s the talk!” cheered Brigham,
leaning over to whack him on the back.

  Stand up to ’im! He’s nothin’ but a
big bluff!”

  “I don’t know about that,” grumbled
Bowles, with the affair of the morning
still fresh in mind; “I’m afraid he’ll hit
me with his gun.”

  “Well, here, we’ll fix that,” said Brig,
hastily stripping the heavy quirt from
his wrist. “You turn yore pistol over
to the boss, and take this loaded quirt
—then if Hardy offers to club you with
his gun, you knock his eye out with
this!”

  He made a vicious pass into the air
with the bludgeonlike handle, holding
the quirt by the lash, and passed it over
to Bowles.

  “Now you’re heeled!” he said ap-
provingly. “That’s worse’n a gun, any
time, and you kin hit ’im as hard as you
please. Jest hang that on yore wrist,
where it’ll be handy, and turn that
cussed six-shooter in.”

  The matter was still a little mixed in
Bowles’ mind, and he felt that he was
treading upon new and dangerous
ground, but his evil passions were still
afoot, and he longed gloomily for his
revenge. So when they got into camp
that evening, he went over to Henry
Lee’s tent, with Brigham to act as his
witness.

  “Mr. Lee,” he said, speaking accord-
ing to instructions, “I’ve had a little dif-
ficulty with one of the boys, and I’d like

  to turn in my gun. I don’t want to
have any trouble.”

“All right, Mr. Bowles,” answered
the boss very quietly. “Just throw it
on my bed. What’s the matter, Brig?”
“Oh, nothin’ much,” replied Brigham.
“You saw it yorese’f—last night.”

  “Um,” assented Henry Lee, glancing
for a moment at Bowles’ skinned cheek.
“Well, we don’t want to have any racket
now, boys—not while we’ve got these
wild cattle on our hands—and I’m much
obliged. Hope you don’t have any more
trouble, Mr. Bowles.”

  He bowed them out of the tent with-
out any more words, and they proceeded
back to the camp. A significant smile
went the rounds as Bowles came back
from the tent, but in the morning he
went to the corral as usual.

  “I thought you’d got yore time,” ven-
tured Buck Buchanan, as Bowles be-
gan to saddle up, and as the word passed
around that he had not Hardy Atkins
rode over to inquire.

  “Wliat’s this I hear?” he said. “I
thought you was goin’ to quit.”

  “Then you were mistaken, Mr. At-
kins,” answered Bowles politely. “I am
not.”

  “Then what did you see the boss fer ?
Makin’ some kick about me?”

  “Your name was not mentioned, Mr.
Atkins,” replied Bowles, still politely.
“I simply turned over my gun to Mr.
Lee, and told him I’d had some trou-
ble.”

  “Well, it’s nothin’ to what you will
have!” scowled the ex-twister hate-
fully. “I can tell you that. And I give

you till night to pull. If you don’t-”

  He paused with meaning emphasis,
and turned his horse to go, but Henry
Lee had been watching him from a
distance, and now he came spurring in.

  “Hardy,” he said, “I’ll have to ask
you to leave Bowles strictly alone. He’s
turned his gun in to me, and is tending
to his own business, so don’t let me
speak to you again. D’ye understand ?”
“Yes, sir!” mumbled the cow-
puncher, fumbling sullenly with his sad-
dle strings; but his mind was not turned
from his purpose, as Alias 'Bowles
found out that same night.
ALIAS <BOWLES AN<D THE FA<R WEST

197

  They were swinging around toward
the south and west, raking the last bar-
ren ridges before they started the day
herd for home; and in the evening they
camped in the open, and threw their
beds down anywhere. After a hasty
supper by the tire Alias Bowles spread
out his blankets, coiled up his bed rope,
and rode forth to stand the first guard.
For Bowles was a top hand now, what-
ever his enemy might say, and he had
his choice of guards. It was very dark
when he came in at ten-thirty, and he
was too sleepy to notice the change, but
after he had slipped under his tarpaulin
he felt something through the bed. It
was his bed rope, stretched carelessly
across the middle, from side to side,
and he grumbled for a moment to him-
self as he squirmed down where it
would not hurt him. Then he went to
sleep.

  After a man has ridden hard all day,
and stood his guard at night, a little
thing like a rope under his bed is not
likely to disturb his dreams—the way
the pea did the soft-sleeping True
Princess-—but with this particular rope
it was different. Hardy Atkins had
stretched it there with malice afore-
thought ; and when, later in the night,
he saddled his snorting night horse, and
prepared to ride out to the herd, he tied
the two ends into a loop and silently
stepped away with the slack. Then he
took a turn around the horn, put spurs
to his horse, and went plunging out into
the night.

 A sudden yank almost snapped
Bowles in two in the middle; he woke
up. clutching, to find himself side-swip-
ing the earth; then an agonizing series
of bumps and jolts followed, and he
fetched up against a juniper with a jar
that rattled his teeth. There was a
strain, a snap, and, as the rope parted,
he heard a titter, and a horse went gal-
loping on. It was a practical joke—-
Bowles realized that the moment he
woke up—-but the terror of that first
grim nightmare wrenched his soul to
the very depths. He came to, cursing
and fighting, still bound by the loop
of the lariat, and half buried in the
wreck of the juniper. Then he jerked

himself loose and sprang up, staring
about in the darkness for some enemy
that he could kill. The titter of the
galloping horseman gave the answer,
and he knew it was Hardy Atkins.
Hardy had given him till nightfall to
quit camp or look out for trouble. This
was the trouble.

  Bowles spread out his bed as best he
could, and slept where he lay till dawn.
Then he went to Henry Lee and said
he would like his gun. His hands were
bloody and torn from contact with the
brush, and there was a fresh welt above
one eye that gave him a sinister leer.
There was no doubt about it—Alias
Bowles was mad—and after a cursory
glance the boss saw he was out for
blood.

  “Just a moment, Mr. Bowles,” he
said, advancing to the fire. “Boys,” he
continued, addressing the smirking
hands who stood there, “I make it a rule
on my round-ups that nobody carries a
gun. That includes you, too, Mr.
Bowles,” he added meaningly. “Mosby,
get me a gunny sack.”

  With the*gunny sack under one arm,
the wagon boss went his rounds, and
when he had finished his trip the sack
was full of guns.

  “I’ll just keep these till we get back
to the ranch,” he observed. “And,” he
added, “the next man that picks on
Bowles will have to walk to town.
Hardy, was you in on this?”

  “No, sir 1” replied Atkins stoutly. “I
don’t know a thing about it.”

  “Well, be mighty careful what you
do,” charged Henry Lee severely.
“Brig, throw that herd on the trail—■
we might as well hit for the ranch.”

CHAPTER XX.

THE DEATH OF RED JOHN.

  When Alias Bowles rode back to the
Money Bug Ranch he was a hard-look-
ing citizen. His aunt, the hypothetical
Mrs. Earl-Bowles, would scarcely have
recognized him; Mrs, Lee started vis
ibly at sight of his battered face; #and
Dixie smiled knowingly as she glanced
at his half-closed eye.
198

THE VOtPULJltR MAGAZINE

  "Aha, Mr. Man,” she said, “it looks
like you’d been into a juniper, too!”

  "Well, something like that,” acknowl-
edged Bowles, gazing loverlike into her
eyes; and from that he led the conversa-
tion into other channels less intimately
associated with common brawls. For
though Bowles had given way to his
evil passions, and had even gone so far
as to call for his gun in order to beard
his rival, he did not wish it known to his
lady. As he contemplated her grace in
a plain white dress, and the witchery of
her faintest smile, it seemed, indeed, a
profanation of the sacred Temple of
Love to so much as allude to a fight.
Undoubtedly in“ the wooings of the
stone age the males had competed with
clubs, but certainly for no woman like
this. Love, as Bowdes had learned it
from the poets, was above such sordid
scenes; and as he had learned it from
her—when she had chastened his soul
with a kiss—ah, now he could sing with
old Ben Jonson and the deathless
Greeks:

    “Drink to me only with thine eyes
      And I will drink with mine,

    Or leave a kiss within the cup
    And I’ll not ask for wine!”

  Here was the shrine at which he wor-
shiped, and he wished no carnal thought
to enter in. So he spoke to her softly
and went his way, lest some one should
read his heart and break the spell with
jeering.

  The dust of a day’s hard driving was
on his face; there was a red weal over
one eye and a bruise on his bearded
cheek, but he was a lover still. Dixie
knew it by his eyes, that glowed and
kindled; by his voice, whose every word
veiled a hidden caress, and she greeted
the others coldly from thinking of this
one who had come. Then she dissem-
bled and went down among them, but
her ways were changed, and she only
smiled at their jests.

  "Hey, Dix,” challenged Hardy At^
kins, at last, thrusting a grimy hand
down into his chap pocket, “look what I
got fer ye!”

  We drew out a money-order ring that
he had won in a mountain poker game,
and flashed the stone in the sun.

  “It’s a genuwine, eighteen-carat dia-
mond,” he announced. “Come over
hyer and let’s see which finger it fits.
If it fits yore third finger, you know

what-”

  "Well, I like your nerve,” observed
Dixie Lee, smiling tolerantly with
Gloomy Gus. “‘Come over hyer!’ eh?
It’s a wonder you wouldn’t come over
here—but I don’t want your old ring,
so don’t come.”

  “Why, what’s the matter?” asked
Hardy Atkins, who loved to do his
courting in public, “you ain’t goin’ back
on me, are you, Dix?”

  “Well, if I went very far back on
your trail,” answered Dixie, “I reckon
I’d find w’here you got that ring. What’s
the matter ? Wouldn’t she have it ? Or
did that other girl give it back?”

  She turned away wTith a curl on her
lips, and when he saw that she meant
it, Hardy Atkins was filled with
chagrin. From a man now, that would
be a good joke; but from Dixie—well,
somebody must have blabbed! He
turned a darkly inquiring eye upon
Alias Bowles, and looked no further;
but Henry Lee had spoken, and all that
rough work was barred. Still, there
were ways and ways, and after thinking
over all the dubious tricks of the cow
camp, he called in his faithful friends,
and they went into executive session.

  “Now, hyer,” expounded the ex-
twister, as they got together over the
butchering of a beef, “the way to bump
that there Hinglishman off is to make a
monkey of ’im—skeer ’im up, and laugh
’im out of camp. He’s so stuck on him-
se’f he cain’t stand to be showed up—
what’s the matter with a fake killin’ ?
Here’s lots of blood.”

  He cupped up a handful of blood
from the viscera of the newly killed
beef, and his side partners chuckled at
the thought.

  “Let me do the shootin’, and I’ll
throw in with ye,” rumbled Buck
Bflchanan.

  “I’ll hold the door on ’im,” volun-
teered Poker Bill.

  “Well, who’s goin’ to play dead?”
grinned Red John. “Me? All right,
git some flour to put on my face, and
ALIAS &OWLES AN<D THE FA<R WEST

199

watch me make the fall—I done that
once back on the Pecos.”

  So they laid their plans very mysteri-
ously, and when the big poker game be-
gan that night, there was no one else
in on the plot. Puck had the pistol he
had killed the beef with tucked away
in the slack of his belt; Red John had
changed to a light shirt, the better to
show the blood; and Hardy Atkins-was
a make-up man, with bottled blood and
a pinch of flour in his pocket to use
when the lights went out.

  The game was straight draw poker,
and the prize a private horse. Ten dol-
lars apiece was the price of a chance,
and it was freeze-out at four bits a chip.
That served to draw the whole crowd,
and as the contest narrowed down to
Buck Buchanan and Red John, the ta-
ble was lined three deep.

  “How many?" asked Buck, picking
up the deck.

  “Gimme one!" said Red, and when he
got it he looked brave and turned down
his hand, the way all good poker players
do when they have tried to fill a flush
and failed.

  “I bet ye ten!" challenged Red.

  “Go you—and ten more!" came back
Buck.

  “Raise ye twenty!”

  “What ye got?" demanded Buck,
shoving his beans to the center, and
then, with a sudden roar, he leaped up
and seized the stakes. “Keep yore
hands off that discyard!" he bellowed,
hammering furiously on the table.

“You lie, you-"

 Whack! came Red John’s hand
across his face, and Buchanan grabbed
for his gun. Then, as the crowd scat-
tered wildly, he thrust out his pistol
and shot a great flash of powder be-
tween Red John’s arm and his ribs.

  “Uh!" grunted Red, and went over
backward, chair and all. Then Hardy
Atkins blew out the lamp, and the riot
went on in the dark. Alias Bowles was
only one of ten frantic punchers who
struggled to get out of the door; Brig-
ham Clark was one of as many more
who burrowed beneath the beds; and
when Hardy Atkins lit the lamp and
threw the dim light on Red John’s wan

face, he was just in time to save his
audience. True, the older punchers had
been in fake fights before, but they had
been in real ones, too—where the bul-
lets flew wide of the mark—and this
had seemed mighty real. In fact, if one
were to criticize such a finished produc-
tion, it was a little too real for the pur-
pose, for the conduct of Alias Bowles
was in no wise different from the rest.
There had been a little too much se-
crecy, and not quite enough teamwork
about the play, but Poker Bill was still
at his post, and the victim was caught
in the crowd.

  “Oh, Red, Red!” moaned Hardy At-
kins, kneeling down and tearing aside
Red John's coat. “Are you hurt bad,
Red ?”

  The red splotch on his shirt gave the
answer, and the room was silent as
death. Then Poker Bill began to whis-
per and push; delighted grins were
passed and stilled; and, moving in a
mass, with Alias Bowles up near the
front, the crowd closed in on the corpse.

  “He's dead!" rumbled Buck Bu-
chanan, making a fierce gesture with his
pistol. “I don't make no mistakes.
You boys saw him cheat," he went on,
approaching nearer to the crowd. “And
he slapped me first! You saw that,
didn’t you, Bowles?"

  “Oh, hush up!" cried Hardy Atkins,
tragically shaking his fallen friend; and
then, as he worked up to the big scene
where Red John was to come to life
and run amuck after Alias Bowles, the
door was kicked open, and Gloomy Gus
strode in.

  “What’s the matter with you fellers?"
he demanded, his voice trembling with
indignation and the thought of his
broken sleep, and then, at sight of Red,
he stopped.

  “He’s dead," said Hardy Atkins, try-
ing hard to give Gus the wink—but the
cook was staring at the corpse. Per-
haps, being roused from a sound sleep,
his senses were not quite as acute as
usual; perhaps the play acting was too
good; be that as it may, his rage was
changed to pity, and he took the center
of the stage.

  “Ah, poor Red," he quavered, going
200

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

closer, and gazing down upon him;
“shot through the heart. He’s dead,
boys; they’s no use workin’ on Jim—
I’ve seen many a man like that before.”

  “Well, let’s try, anyway!” urged At-
kins, in a desperate endeavor to get rid
of him. "Go git some water, Gus!
Haven’t you got any whisky?”

  “Oh, he’s dead,” mourned the cook;
“they’s no use troublin’ him—it’s all
over with poor old Red. You’ll never
hear him laugh no more.”

  A faint twitch came over the set
features of the corpse at this, and
Hardy Atkins leaped desperately to
shield his face.

  “He was a good-hearted boy,” con-
tinued Gloomy Gus, still intent upon his
eulogy—and then Red broke down.
First he began to twitch, then a snort
escaped him, and he shook with inex-
tinguishable laughter. A look went
around the room, Brigham Clark
punched Bowles with his elbow and
pulled him back, and then Gus glanced
down at the corpse. His peroration
ceased right there, and disgust, chagrin,
and anger chased themselves across his
face like winds across a lake; then,
with a wicked oath, he snatched the gun
away from Buck, and struggled to get
it cocked.

  “You young limb!” he raved, menac-
ing Red John with the pistol, and fight-
ing to break clear of Buck, “you’ll play
a trick on me, will ye—an old man, and
punched cows before you was born!
Let go of that gun, Mr. Buchanan; I’ll

show the blankety-blank-” And so

he raged, while the conspirators la-
bored to soothe him, and Brig dragged
Bowles outside.

CHAPTER XXI.

A CALL.

  There is a regrettable but very well-
defined tendency in human nature which
prompts the author of a miss-fire re-
venge to take it out on the dog. Cer-
tainly there was no more innocent party
to the inveigling of Gloomy Gus than
Alias Bowles, and yet, for some reason,
Hardy Atkins and his comrades in

crime chose to gaze upon him with a
frown. After laboring far into the
night they had finally persuaded the
cook that it was all a mistake; that no
insult was intended to his years; and
that it would be contrary to those high
principles of Southern chivalry of
which he had always been such an il-
lustrious exponent to report the fake
fight to the boss. Then they had busied
themselves in the early morning with
chopping wood, and packing water, and
similar ingratiating tasks, with the re-
sult that when Henry Lee came down
after breakfast, there was no complaint
from anybody. But when he had let it
pass, and started off for Chula Vista, it
was cloudy in the south for Bowles.

  But your true lover, with the wine
of ecstasy in his veins, and haunting
feminine glimpses to catch his eye, is
not likely to be scanning the horizon
for a cloud the size of a man's hand.
Bowles’ troubles began that evening
when, after an arduous day in the sad-
dle, he returned to his own social
sphere. For two months and more
Alias Bowles had been a cow hand. He
had slept on the ground, he had eaten in
the dirt, and when luck had gone against
him he had learned to swear. But now,
as he was riding past the gate, Mrs. Lee,
in a charming house gown, had waylaid
him with a smile; he paused for a
friendly word, and his breeding had
prompted him to linger while she
chatted; then she had invited him to din-
ner—not supper—and he had forgotten
his lowly part. Forgotten, also, was the
warning of Hardy Atkins, now so sul-
len in his defeat, and everything else ex-
cept the lure of dainty living and the
memory of a smile. So, after, a hasty
shave and a change to cleaner clothes,
he stepped out boldly from the ranks,
and walked up to the big white house.

  The chill and gusty days of early
spring had passed, and the soft warmth
of May had brought out all the flowers.
Along the gallery the honeysuckle and
Cherokee climbers were fragrant with
the first blossoms of summer, and
Bowles was glad to tarry beneath them
when Mrs. Lee met him hospitably at
the stoop. In the Far West the Tor-
nuns (bowles nN<D the Fn<R west

201

tugas were passing through the daily
miracle of sunset, and the hush of even-
ing had settled upon all the land.

  “Ah, Mrs. Lee,” sighed Alias Bowles,
as he contemplated with a poet’s eye the
beauties of nature, “now I understand
how you can live here for thirty years
and never go back to New York. Such
illumination—such color ! And from
the hill here it is so much more glori-
ous ! Really, in spite of the loneliness,
I almost envy you those thirty years!”
“Yes,” admitted Mrs. Lee, leading
him to a rawhide chair beneath the
honeysuckle, "it is beautiful. I like it—
in a way—but still, I can never forget
New York. It offers so much, you
know, of music, and art, and society—
and yet, well, Henry needed me, and so
I stayed. But I have tried to give my
daughter what advantages I could. I
have a sister, you know, living in New
York—Mrs. Elwood Tupper—perhaps
you know her?”

  “Why, the name seems familiar,” re-
turned Bowles glibly.

  “Yes, she’s my sister,” resumed Mrs.
Lee, after glancing at him curiously.
"Dixie was with her all last winter—I
thought, perhaps, you might have met
her there?”

  Once more she gazed at him in that
same inquiring way, and Bowles won-
dered if she had heard anything, but he.
w7as quick to elude the point.

  “Hmm,” he mused, “Tupper! No, I
hardly think so. W7hen I return,
though, I shall be glad to look her up—
perhaps I can convey some message
from you. Your daughter must find it
rather close and confining in the city,
after her fine, free life in the open.
Really, Mrs. Lee, I never knew what
living was until I came out here! Of

course, I’m very new yet-”

  “Yes,” agreed Mrs. Lee, who knew a
few social sleights herself. “Dixie did
complain of the confinement, but she

- Oh, Dixie!”

  “Yes, mother,” replied a dutiful
voice from within.

 “Come out on the gallery—Mr.
Bowles is here. But she met some very
nice people there—some of the real old

families, you know—and I thought
—er-”

  The door opened at this point, and
Bowles leaped to his feet in astonish-
ment. It was a different Dixie that
appeared before him—the same be-
witching creature who had dazzled his
eyes at the Wordsworth Club, and she
wore the very same gown. And wbat a
wonderful transformation it seemed to
make in her—she was so quiet and
demure now, and she greeted him in
quite the proper manner.

  “I was just telling Mr. Bowles,
Dixie,” continued Mrs. Lee, still hold-
ing to her fixed idea, “that you went
out quite a little in New York—and
perhaps you might have met back
there.”

  For a moment the two eyed each
other shrewdly, each guessing how
much the other had said, and then
Bowles opened up the way.

  “Why, really, Miss Lee,” he ex-
claimed, still gazing at her with ad-
miring eyes, “you do look familiar in
that dress! Perhaps we have met in
a crush, like ships that pass in the
night? May I ask at what function
you wore this charming gown?”

  “Yes, indeed, Mr. Bowles,” returned
Dixie May; "but, rather than run over
the whole list and recall a winter's
agony, let’s take it for granted that we
met. It’s a fine, large place to come
away from, isn't it—dear old New
York? Wasn’t the slush on those side-
w'alks something elegant? And that
steam heat! My! It never gets as hot
as that out here. Yes, indeed, mother,
I’m sure Mr. Bowles and I have met
before, but,” she added, and here her
voice changed, "since he’s traveling in-
cognito, changing his name as a gar-
ment, and not getting any letters from
home, perhaps it’s just as well not to
dwell upon the matter.”

  “Why, Dixie, child!” protested Mrs.
Lee. “Wrhat in the world do you
mean ?”

  “Nothing at all, mother, except that
he is our guest. Shall we go in now to
dinner ?”

  They went in, and throughout the
rest of the evening Bowles was guiltily
202

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

conscious of a startled mother’s eyes,
which regarded him with anxious
scrutiny at first, and then became very
resolute and stern. Mrs. Lee had
solved her problem, whatever it was,
and settled upon her duty. Bowles felt
a social chill creep into the air as he
rose to go, and he braced himself for
some ultimatum, but his hostess did not
speak her thoughts. There was no
further allusion to New York, or his
alias, or the fact that he had acted a
lie. All those things were taken for
granted, and he left with a balked feel-
ing, as if he had failed of some pur-
pose. Her very silence clutched at his
heart, and her passive hand touch as
they parted. Dixie, too, seemed to
share in the general aloofness. She had
said good night without any friendly
grip of the fingers, looking at him very
straight, as if to fathom his deceit.

  Bowles lay awake that night, and
thought it out, and he saw where he
had made his mistake. From the first
his manner had been evasive almost to
medacity, and. both with Dixie and her
mother, he had made a mystery of his
past. Now the time for explanations
was gone, and he was reaping his just
reward. He should have taken Dixie
into his confidence when they were
alone beneath the cedars; he should
have answered that question of hers
when she asked it—but now it was too
late.

  “Mr. Bowles,” she had said, “who are
you, anyway ?”

  And when he had avoided her, she
had never asked again. And now,
through the same damnable ineptitude,
he had estranged her mother, and lost
his welcome at the big house. XA11 the
explanations in the world would not
square him now, for one deceit follows
another, and his second word was no
better than his first. He could see with
half an eye that Mrs. Lee distrusted
him. He must seem to her candid mind
no less than a polite adventurer, a
ne’er-do-well young profligate from the
East, with intentions as dark as his
past. Nor could he bring himself to
blame her, for the inference was logical
—if a man conceals his identity, and

denies his acquaintances and friends,
surely there must be something shame-
ful that he is at such pains to hide.

  But the way out? That was what
kept Bowles awake. Certainly, if he
was a gentleman, he would stay away
from the house. Nor would it be
wholly honorable to waylay Dixie May
and explain. And, besides, there was
nothing to explain. He had references,
of course, but if he gave them his aunt
would discover his whereabouts—-and
then there was Christabel!

  The memory of those prearranged
meetings swept over him, and he shud-
dered where he lay. Dear, pretty, pa-
tient Christabel, what if she should
sense this woman-made conspiracy, and
lose that friendly smile? What if she
should blush as he. had blushed at each
chance tete-a-tete, gazing nervously into
his eyes to guess if he would yield ?
And to wonder if that was love! Ah
no, he could never do that! Rather
than inflict such torture upon her he
would flee to the depths of the wilder-
ness and hide until she was married.
But his safety lay only in flight, for his
aunt was a resolute woman, with tears
and sighs at her command, if all else
failed. Yes, he must run away—that
was the way out.

  And it would solve all his problems
at once. There would be no lame ex-
planations to make at the house, no
cheap jealousies with Hardy Atkins, no
breaking of his cherished dream of see-
ing the West. He would move on into
the White Mountains, and explore their
fastnesses with Brigham. Or, lacking
Brigham, he would plunge into that
wilderness alone.

  The harsh clangor of Gloomy Gus’
dishpan cut short his fitful sleep, and
he rolled out of bed with his mind
made up to quit. At breakfast he said
nothing, bolting his food with the rest
of them, and followed on to the horse
corral for a private word with Brig.
But right there fate played him a
scurvy trick, and disrupted all his
schemes, for as he stepped around be-
hind the corral, Hardy Atkins strode
in upon him and made signs to certain
of his friends.
nuns ‘bowlbs nwD the Fn<R west

203

  “Now lookee here, Mr. Man,” he
said, and he said it quietly for once,
“you been four-flushin’ around hyer
long enough, and we give you warnin’
to git. We got yore record, and we
know what you’re after, so don’t hand
us out any bull. Yore name ain’t
Bowles, and you’re aimin’ at Dix, but
she’s got too many good friends. Now
we’ve let you off easy, so far, but Gawd
he’p you if we come ag’in. Ain’t that
so, boys ?”

  “You bet it is!” answered three or
four, and the rest of them looked their
disdain. But an unreasoning anger
swept over Bowles at the very first
word, and he returned the sneer with
interest.

  “Mr. Atkins,” he said, “you have
threatened me before, but I am not
afraid of you. You cannot frighten me
away.”

  “Oh, I cain’t, cain’t I?” jeered Hardy
Atkins, while his friends rumbled
threats from behind. “Well, poco
pronto, you’re- liable to change yore
mind. You come into this country on
a Hinglish trot, and we thought you
was a sport, but now that we know
better, you got to make good or git.
Ain’t that so* boys ?”

  “You bet it is!” roared the bunch, and
Atkins hitched up his chaps.

  “All right,” he said. “You got a job
with this outfit by claimin’ that you
could ride. Now—you’re so brave—
either you ride that Dunbar hawse the
way you said, or we kick you out of
camp! You can take yore choice.”
“Very well,” said Bowles; “I’ll ride
the horse.”

  “Yes, you will!” sneered the gang in
a chorus, but Bowles did not heed their
words.

  “Any time you put the saddle on
him,” he said, “I’ll ride him.”

  At this they stood irresolute, unable
to make him out. On the morning that
he had ridden Wa-ba-lote he was a ten-
derfoot, not knowing one horse from
another, but now he had seen the worst.
And yet he would climb up on Dun-
bar !

  “Come on—let’s rope ’im!” urged
Hardy Atkins, but he did not move out

of his tracks. “No, the boss is cornin’
back,” he said. “Let’s wait till we’re
hyer by ourse’ves. All right, Mr.
Broncho-bustin’ Bowles, we’ll fix you
good and plenty—the first time the
folks leave the house. And meantime
if you value yore health you better stay N
down on low ground.”

  “I will go wherever I please,” an-
swered Alias Bowles, but he stayed
down on the low ground.

CHAPTER XXII.

  THE HORSE THAT KILLED DUNBAR.

  In the Homeric simplicity of the cow
camps, where the primitive emotions
still rule, any soul-stirring which cannot
find its expression in curses is pretty
sure to seek the level of laughter. The
boys were profoundly moved by
Bowles’ declaration of intention; but,
after gazing upon him for a spell in
mingled incredulity and awe, their lips
began to curl.

  “Aw—him!” they said. “Him ride
Dunbar? Umph-umm! Wre’ll wake up
some mornin’ and find ’im gone!”

  Then, as a morning or two passed,
and Bowles was still in his place, they
began to lapse into jest.

  “Old Henry will shore be s’prised
when he comes back from town,” ob-
served blithesome Red John. “He’ll
find Bowles ridin’ Dunbar with a hack-
amore, and feedin’ him sugar from his
hand. Big doin’s soon to come, boys—
boss and family goin’ down to Chula
Vista to-morrer.”

  “Well, we better hog tie Hinglish
then,” grumbled Buck Buchanan; “he’ll
never last till mornin’. Gittin’ right
close on to that time!”

  “Never you mind about Hinglish,”
retorted Brigham Clark, whose loy-
alty had been fanned to a flame. “If
it was you, Buck Buchanan, we couldn’t
see you for dust right now. They ain’t
a man of ye dares to say he’d ride Dun-
bar, let alone the doin' of it. Will you
ride him second if he throws Bowles
off? Well, keep yore face shut, then!
The whole bunch of ye ought to be
canned fer tryin’ to git ’im killed!”
204

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “Well, let ’im go on away then!”
burst out Hardy Atkins. “We never
told ’im to ride Dunbar—we told ’im to
quit his four-flushin’ and either make
good or git. There’s the road down
there, let ’im take to it!”

  He jerked an imperious hand at Alias
Bowles, who answered him with a
scowl.

  ‘‘If you will kindly mind your own
business, Mr. Atkins,” he purled, “I
shall certainly be greatly obliged.”

  He gave each word the Harvard ac-
cent, and tipped it off with venom, for
Bowles was losing his repose. In fact,
he was mad, mad all over, and at every
remark he bristled like a dog. A con-
catenation of circumstances had thrown
him into the company of these Texas
brawlers, but he aimed to show by every
means in his power his absolute con-
tempt for their trickery, and his de-
termination to stand on his rights. He
had said he would ride Dunbar, and
that was enough—he had given his
word as a gentleman. Therefore, he
resented their insinuations and desired
only to be left alone. Certainly he had
enough on his mind to keep him occu-
pied without responding to ill-natured
remarks.

  Fate was piling things up on poor
Alias Bowles, and he earnestly longed
for the end. There is a cynic’s saying
that every time a man gets into trouble
his girl goes back on him, just to carry
out the run of luck; and while, of
course, it isn’t true, it seemed that way
to Bowles. Perhaps his own manner
had had something to do with it, but,
the morning after his rebuff, Dixie
greeted him almost as a stranger, and,
falling back shortly afterward into her
old carefree way of talking, she began
to josh with the boys. Then she took
a long ride with Brigham, a ride that
left him all lit up with enthusiasm and
made him want to talk about love. As a
matter of fact, Dixie had sensed some-
thing big in the air, and was anxiously
ferreting it out, but Bowles did not
know about that. All he knew was that
he disapproved of her conduct, and
wondered vaguely what her mother
would say. Not that it was any of his

business, but he wondered all the same;
and wondering, shook his head and
sighed.

  But three days of flirting and sleuth-
ing brought nothing to Dixie’s net.
From the cook down, the outfit was a
solid phalanx against her—they would
talk and smile, but they never showed
their hand. One clew, and only one,
she had—there seemed to be an un-
usual interest in when she was going to
town. First on one pretext, and then
on another, they inquired casually about
the date, and if her folks were going
along, too. So, whatever the deviltry
was, it was something that called for
secrecy—and it was due on the day
they left home. She looked them over
as they gathered about the evening fire,
and smoothed her hair down thought-
fully—and the next morning she
started for town.

  The sale of his steers was making
Henry Lee a lot of trouble—and the
holding of them as well. Not being able
to find a buyer at his price, he set the
cowboys to fence mending—lest the
outlaws should breach the wires—and
went back and forth to town. And this
morning his wife went with him, sitting
close behind the grays, writh Dixie rid-
ing fast behind. Their dust changed
tcJ haze on the horizon before any one
moved a hand, and then Hardy Atkins
turned on Bowles.

  “All right, Mr. Bowles,” he said.
“Here’s where we see yore hand. I’ll
saddle that hawse if you’ll ride ’im, but
don’t make me that trouble fer nothin’,
because if you do-”

  “Oh, shut up!” snapped Bowles,
whose nerves were worn to a frazzle.
“What’s the use of talking about it?
Put the saddle on him!”

  “Wow-wee!” whistled Atkins. “Lis-
ten to the boy talk, will you ? Must
have somethin’ on his mind—what?”

  “Well, quit yore foolin’!” put in
Brigham abruptly. “We’ll all git fired
fer this, and him liable to git killed to
boot, so hurry up and let’s have it over
with.”

  “I’ll go ye!” laughed the ex-twister,
skipping off with a sprightly step.
ALIAS ‘BOWLES AN<D THE FA<R WEST

205

“Come on, boys; it’ll take the bunch of
us, but I’ll saddle old Dunbar or die.

“O-oh, hit’s not the ’unting that ’urts the
      ’orse’s ’oofs.

Hit’s the 'aramer, ’amraer, ’ammer on the ’ard
      ’ighway!”

  He laughed and cut another caper
as he ended this bald refrain, and Brig-
ham glowered at him balefully,

  “ ‘Hit’s!’ ” he quoted. “ ‘Hit’s! Lis-
ten to the ignorant cracker! I never
seen a Texican yet that could talk the
straight U. S. But go on now, you low-
flung cotton pickers, and I’ll fix Bowles
fer his ridin’!”

  They hustled away as he spoke, the
best of them to wrangle Dunbar, and
the rest to admire the sight. Here was
an event that would go down in Money
Bug history, and only the cook stayed
away. Life had been stale, flat, and un-
profitable to Gloomy Gus since he de-
livered the oration over Red John, and
the very care with which all hands re-
frained from speaking of it showed
how poignant the joke had been. Faces
which had looked pleasant to him be-
fore were repulsive now, and in this
last attempt on Alias Bowles he saw
but a recrudescence of the horseplay
which had worked such havoc with his
own pride. Therefore, he was morose
and sullen, and stayed with his pots and
pans.

  “I want to warn you, Mr. Bowles,”
he called, as Bowles came, full-rigged,
from the bunk house. “I want to give
you warnin’—thet hawse is danger-
ous!”

  “All right, Mr. Mosby,” answered
Alias Bowles absently, as he started for
the round corral,

  “He done killed a man!” croaked
Gloomy Gus. “A right good cow-
puncher, too—I knowed him well. Jim
Dunbar—the top rider of the outfit.
Don’t say I never warned you now—
keep off that hawse!”

  “All right, Mr. Mosby,” responded
Bowles, but he never missed a stride.

 “You want to set him limber,”
reiterated Brigham, in his ear. “Ride
’im like a drunk man, and whip ’im at
every jump—it gives you somethin’ to
do. Grab ’im with yore spurs every

time he lights, and look out he don’t bite
yore legs. Here, take my quirt—it’s
heavier—and if he starts to go over
backward, hit ’im hard between the
ears. You kin ride ’im, pardner, I
know it! Jest keep cool, and don’t get
stiff!”

  “All right, Brig,” muttered Bowles;
“all right!” But his eyes were on the
corral.

  A cloud of dust rose up on the still
morning air like smoke from some red-
burning fire, and through the poles of
the fence he could see horses running
like mad and men with trailing ropes.
Then, as the stampede rose to a thunder
of feet, he heard a shrill yell of triumph,
and scrambling men jerked the bars
from the gate. The current of galloping
slackened, it paused, and the leaders
shot out the gap with a sea of high-
flung heads behind. When the dust of
their outrush had settled, there was
only one horse left inside—the horse
that killed Dunbar—and he lay grunt-
ing in the dirt.

  “Fetch me that hackamore!” yelled
Hardy Atkins, from where he knelt on
the brute’s straining neck. “Now bring
me that well rope—we’ll tie up his dad-
burned leg!”

  They gave him the ropes as he called
for them, and he rigged them with mas-
terful hands—first the rough-twisted
hackamore, to go over his head, and cut
off his breath; then the two-inch well
rope, to hang from his neck and serve
later to noose his hind foot. Then all
hands tailed on to the throw rope; they
swayed back as he rose to his feet; and
when Dunba’* went to the end of it, the
heave they gave threw him flat. He
leaped up and flew back on his
haunches, and the rope halter cut off
his breath. His sides heaved as he strug-
gled against it; his eyes bulged big, and
he shook his head; then, with a final
paroxysm, he sank to his knees, and
they slackened away on the rope. A
single mighty breath, and he was up on
his feet and fighting, and they choked
him down again. Then Hardy Atkins
stepped in behind and picked up the
end of the shoulder rope, where it
dragged between his legs, and drew the
936

THE <PO<PULA<JI MAGAZINE

loop up to his hocks. A jerk—a kick
at the burn—and Dunbar was put on
three legs. He fought, because that
was his nature, but it was in vain; they
trussed his foot up high, tied the rope’s
end to the neck loop, and clapped a
broad blind over his eyes. So Dunbar
was conquered, and while he squealed
and cow-kicked, they lashed Bowles’
saddle on his bowed-up back, and
slipped the bit between his teeth.

  There he stood at last, old Dunbar
a man-killer, sweating, and trembling,
and cringing his head to the blind, and
Bowles jumped down off the fence.

  “All right,” he said, “^ou can let
down his foot. I’ll pull up the blinder
myself.”

  “Say yore prayers first, Mr. Man,”
gritted Atkins, lolling and mopping his
face. “If he’s half as good as his
promise, you’ll never git off alive!”
“Very likely,” observed Alias Bowles
grimly. “You can let his foot down
now.”

  “Hey! Git a move on!” yelled a
cow-puncher up on the fence. “They’s
somebody cornin’ up the road!”

  “Aw, let ’em come,” drawled Atkins
carelessly. “They're hurrvin’ up to see
the show. Step up and look ’im over!”
he grinned at Alias Bowles. “No rush
—you got lots of time !"

  “Let his foot down!” snarled Alias
Bowles, his nerves giving way to anger.

“I’m not-”

 “It's Dix!" clamored the cow-
puncher on the fence top. “Aw, rats!
It’s Dix!”

  There was a rush for the fence to
make certain, and, as Dixie Lee dashed
in through the horse lot, Hardy Atkins
threw down his hat and cursed. Then
he stood irresolute, gazing first at
Bowles and then at the fence, until
suddenly she slipped through the bars
and came striding across the corral.

  “Oho, Hardy Atkins,” she panted, as
she tapped at her boot with a quirt.
“So this is what you was up to—-riding
horses while dad went to town! Didn’t
he tell you to keep off that Dunbar
horse? Well, then, you just——”

  She paused as she sensed the tense

silence, andJthen she saw Bowles, walk-
ing resolutely up to the horse. In a
flash it all came clear to her—the feud,
the fights, and now this compact to ride.

  “Mr. Bowles!” she cried, raising her
voice in a sudden command—but before
she could get out the wrords Hardy At-
kins laid his hand on her arm.

  “You go on back to the house!” he
said, fixing her with his horse-taming
eyes. “You go back where you belong!
I’m doin’ this!”

  “You let go of me!” stormed Dixie
Lee, making a savage pass at him with
her quirt—and then a great shout
drowned their quarrel and made them
forget everything but Bowles.

  The obsession of days of brooding
had laid hold upon him, and left him
with a single, fixed idea—to ride Dun-
bar or die. And to him, no less than to
Hardy Atkins, the coming of Drxie Lee
was a disappointment. For a minute,
he, too, had stood irresolute; then, with
the simplicity of madness, he went
straight to the blindfolded horse, and
began to lower his foot. As the quar-
rel sprang up, he gathered his l'eins;
without looking back, he hooked his
stirrup; and then very gently he rose to
the saddle. The shout rang out, and he
reached down and twitched up the
blind.

  Gazing out from beneath the band
which had held him in utter darkness,
the deep-set, rattlesnake eye of Dunbar
rolled hatefully at the man on his back.
He crooked his neck and twisted his
malformed head, and Bowles felt him
swelling like a lizard between his knees
—then, with a squeal, he bared his teeth
and snapped at his leg like a dog. The
next moment his head went down, and
he rose in a series of buck jumps, whirl-
ing sideways, turning halfway around,
and landing with a jolt. And at every
jolt Alias Bowles’ head snapped back,
and his muscles grew stiff at the jar.
But just as the world began to grow
black, and he felt himself shaken in his
seat, the trailing neck rope lapped Dun-
bar about the hind legs, and he paused
to kick himself free.

  It was only a moment’s respite, but it
heartened the rider mightily. He caught
ALIAS (BOWLES AND the fa<r west

207

the stirrup that he had lost, wiped the
mist from his eyes, and settled himself
deep in the saddle.

  “Good boy! Stay with ’im!’' yelled
the maniacs on the fence posts, and then
old Dunbar broke loose. The man
never lived that could ride him—Bowles
realized that as he clutched for the
horn—and then his pride rose up in
him, and he sat limber and swung the
quirt. One, two, three times, he felt
himself jarred to the center, and the
blood burst suddenly from his mouth
and nose. He had no knowledge of
what was happening now, for he could
not see, and then, with a heartbreaking
wrench, he felt himself hurled from the
saddle and sent tumbling heels over
head. He struck, and the corral dirt
rose in his face; there was a cloud be-
fore him, a mist, and then, as the dizzi-
ness vanished, he beheld the man-killer
charging at him through the dust, with
all his teeth agleam.

  “Look out I” yelled the crowd on the
fence top. “Look out!” And Bowles
scrambled up and fell over to one side.
His knees were weak; they would not
bear him; and through the dust cloud
he saw Dunbar slide and turn again.
Then of a sudden he was in a tangle
of legs, and stirrups, and striking feet,
and somebody grabbed him by the arm.
Three pistol shots rang out above him
—he was snaked violently aside—and
old Dunbar went down like a log.
Somebody had killed him, that was cer-
tain, but it was not Brigham, for he
could tell by the characteristic cussing
that it was his partner who had pulled
him out and was dragging him across
the corral. He blinked and opened his
eyes as he fetched up against the fence,
and there was Dixie Lee, with a big,
smoking pistol in her hand, striding
after him out of the dust.

  She looked down at him, her eyes
blazing with anger; and then, snapping
the empty cartridges out of the Colt’s,
she handed it back to a puncher.

  “Well!” she said. “I hope you boys
are satisfied now!” And without a sec-
ond look at Brigham, Bowles, Hardy
Atkins, or the remains of Dunbar, she
turned and strode back to the house.

CHAPTER XXIII.

THE CUSTOM OF THE COUNTRY.

  When Alias Bowles rose up out of
the dirt he was shaken in body and
spirit. His corporeal frame felt as if
it had been passed through a carpet
beater, and he had lost some of his
most precious illusions. Certainly, if
there was any way by which a tender-
foot might hope to achieve a little hard-
earned fame in the Far West, it was
not by riding bronks; and now, before
he could wipe the blood from his nose,
they were blaming him for all their
troubles.

  “The blank-blanked greenhorn!’’
cursed Hardy Atkins, pacing to and fro,
and gazing at the hulk of Dunbar. “I
toY ’im to keep off that hawse! Never
would’ve let ’im rode ’im—not fer a
thousand dollars! And then, the min-
ute my back’s turned—and Dix right
there to copper the play—he goes and
pulls off this! But I don’t care—/
never done nothin’! You boys seen’ im
—he done it himse’f !’’

  And then, all the anger and blood lust
that had been in Bowles’ heart for days
went suddenly to his right hand, and,
putting his shoulder behind it, he smote
the ex-twister on the jaw. It was a
wicked blow, very much like the one he
had received himself, and it laid the
false cow-puncher low. He came up,
reaching for his gun, and Bowles
knocked him down again and took the
gun away. Then he passed it on to
Brigham, and offered to fight him some
more—or anybody! A raging devil of
combat seemed to possess him, and he
shouted for war, and more war. The
cowboys drew away from him as from
a man who has lost his right mind, and
it was not until Brigham had cajoled
him into dipping his hot head in the
horse trough that Bowles left off his
raving. A drink of Mr. Mosby’s strong
coffee, and- a rest on his bed by the
sheds, and his sanity was completely re-
stored—but his illusions were lost for-
ever !

  Never again would Alias Bowles try
to beat the cow-puncher at his own
game; never would he mount a wild
208

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

horse; and never would he put faith in
womankind. Not out West, anyway.
To be sure, Dixie Lee had saved him
from the man-killer, but she had done it
in such a way as to injure his pride ir-
reparably.

  “Brig,” he said, “I’m going to quit
this accursed ranch—would you mind
catching my private horse ?”

  “No, ner mine neither!’’ fulminated
Brig. “I jest been waitin’ fer ye to say
the word—been ready myse’f fer a
week.”

  He hopped on his horse as he spoke,
and rode out into the pasture, and, as he
returned with their private mounts,
Gloomy Gus came over from the fire.

  “What ye goin’ to do, Brig?” he in-
quired. “Quit ?”

  “Yep,” answered Brig, as he lashed
their beds on his spare horse, “gittin’
too bad fer me. Next thing you know
somebody’d git killed.”

  “Thet’s right,” agreed Gus gloomily,
“gittin’ pretty bad around hyer. Cow-
punchin’ ain’t what it used to be. Well,
I'm sorry to see you go.” .

  He put them up a lunch and watched
them off, and then turned back to his
pots and kettles, grumbling and shak-
ing his head.

  That was their only farewell, but as
they rode out the gate, Dixie Lee ap-
peared at the big house door, and looked
after them as they passed. Their
mounts alone told the story of their
departure, and their beds on the horse
behind; but though she knew they were
quitting, she stood silent and made no
sign.

  “Want to say good-by?” asked Brig,
glancing up at her from under his hat,
but Bowles did not reply. A deadly
apathy had succeeded his passion, and
he was sullen and incapable of higher
thoughts. All he wanted now was to
get away—after that he could think
what to do.

  They turned their horses’ heads
toward Chula Vista, where they must
go to draw their time, and, after they
had ridden a mile, Bowles suddenly
turned in his saddle—but Dixie had
passed inside. A deep and melancholy
sadness came over him now, and he

sighed as he slumped down in his seat,
but Brigham did not notice his silence.
At noon they ate as they rode, getting a
drink at a nester’s windmill, and at
night they camped by a well. Then it
was that Bowles woke up from his
brooding and saw that he was not alone
in his mood—Brigham, too, was down-
cast, and wrapped up in his thoughts.
His mind ran quickly back to ascertain
the cause, and he remembered the cher-
ished job.

  “Brig,” he said, as they sat close to
their tiny fire, “I’m sorry you had to
quit. If it hadn't been for me and
Hardy Atkins, you’d be back there now,
on your job. It might have led to some-
thing better, too. Mr. Lee often said
that-”

  “Aw, fergit it,” grumbled Brig
morosely. “/ didn’t want the job.
What’s the use of bein’ a puncher, any-
way ? They’s nothin' in it but hard
work. I’ve got a good mind to hike
back to the Gila and go to pitchin’ hay.”

  “Well, if I’m in your way at all,”
urged Bowles, “don’t hesitate to say so.
I only proposed this White Mountain
trip-”

  “Oh, that’s all right,” broke in Brig.
“I’ll be glad to git away from it all—
git where they ain’t no girls, nor mail,
nor nothin’. Up there in them big pine
trees, where a man can fergit his trou-
bles. But I want to go back past the
Money Bug. I told Dix all about it last
week, and I shore want to bid her
good-by. There’s a good girl—Dix—
but she can’t understand. She says if
I had any nerve I’d go and take a chance
—marry the girl, and wait and see what
happened to me—my girl down on the
river, you know.”

  Alias Bowles nodded gravely, and
waited for him to go on. It was a
month since Brigham had spoken of
his girl, and he had never discussed the
affair since that first rush of con-
fidences, until now, suddenly, he dove
into the midst of it.

  “No,” continued Brig, gazing mourn-
fully at his dead cigarette, “Dix is all
right, but she don't know them Mor-
mons like I do. She don't know what
they’re liable to do. This feller that’s
nuns <bowles nwD the Fnwest

209

tryin’ to marry my girl is the bishop’s
own son—-he's that feller I beat up so
bad when I took to the hills a while
back—and he's bound to do me dirt.
My girl won’t marry me nohow—not
lessen I become a Mormon—and shore
as you’re settin’ there, boy, if I take that
gal from the bishop’s son I’m elected to
go on a mission!

  “I know it! Hain’t the old man got
it in fer me ? And then, what’s to be-
come of my wife? Am I goin’ to leave
her fer two years, and that dastard
a-hangin’ around? Not on yore life—if
they summoned me fer a mission I’d
either take my wife along, or I’d kill
that bishop’s son—one or the other.
But that’s the wrorst of it—the bishop’s
kid is on the spot, and I’m hidin’ out
like a coyote. My girl keeps a-writin’
like she never got no letters, and beggin’
me to come back and be good! But I
can’t do it—that’s all—I been a ren-
egade too long.”

  It was a hard and tragic problem, and
long after the fatalistic Brig had gone
to sleep, Alias Bowles lay awake and
tried to find a way out. His own petty
griefs seemed sordid by the side of it,
and all the way to town he turned it
<jiser in his mind. But now that he had
dismissed it forever, Brigham Clark be-
came his old carefree self again.

  When Brigham came back from his
interview with Henry Lee, Bowles
could see that his enthusiasm had been
shaken.

  “Say,” he said, as lie beckoned
Bowles to a corner of the corral, “what
d’ye think Mrs. Lee sprung on me when
I went around fer my pay ? And, by
the way, they was a deputy sheriff in-
quirin’ fer you when I come out by the
desk, so come away from that gate—
but what d’ye think she said?”

  “W'hy, I’m sure I can’t imagine,” an-
swered Bowles, with his old-time calm.
“What was it ?”

  “Well, she had a big, yeller telegraph
in her hand that she was kinder wavin’
around—I never did find out what it
was all about—but when I come in to
the hotel she flew at me like and says:

  “ ‘Mr. Clark, do you know who that
young man is you’re travelin’ with ?’
C14A

  “Well, sir; the way she said it made
me mad clean through, and I says to
her:

  “ ‘No, Mrs. Lee, I don’t—and what’s
more, I don’t care! He's a good pard-
ner, that’s all I know—and that’s all I
want to know.’

 “And then I turned around and
walked out. I don’t know what them
Lees have got to be so proud about, the
way old Henry used to cave around, but
I showed her, by grab, they was one
puncher she couldn’t run it over! She
always did make me mad,” observed
Brig, as he stole quiet glances at his
friend, “but I knowed good an’ well
you wasn't no crook, and—and I don’t
care what you done !”

  “Well, thank you just as much, I
haven’t done anything, Brig,” answered
Alias Bowies with a reassuring smile.
“But,” he added, “that’s no reason for
not getting out of town."

  They packed their horse hurriedly,
and Bowles rode on ahead, but once on
the open prairie he gave way to a
heartv laugh.

  “Brig,” he said, “what in the world
do you think I’ve done?"

  “Well, I dunno,” mumbled Brig,
looking him over shrewdly. “Of course
I knowed all along they was nothin' to
that Christabel talk you was givin’ me
—stands to reason a man wouldn’t leave
home fer a little thing like that. About
that aunt, now, that sounds a little more
likely—but I've knowed fellers that
come out here jest fer fun.”

  “Yes, but this deputy sheriff—and all
that!”

  “We-ell,” drawled Brigham, with a
sly twinkle in his eye, “I heeard a little
more from him than what I told you
at the first!"

  “Oh, indeed! And what else did you
hear ?”

  “Well-” Brig stopped and stuck

his tongue in his cheek roguishly. “He
said it was a woman that wanted you!”

  “My aunt!” exclaimed Bowles, strik-
ing his leg; but Brig only spat and
grinned.

  “Sure!” he said, and grinned again.

  “I have it!” cried Bowles. “Mrs.
Lee wrote back and told her sister I
210

THE cpOtPULfltR MAGAZINE

was here—and then my aunt began tele-
graphing! That telegram Mrs. Lee had
was from her!”

  “Sure thing,” agreed Brig, and
Bowles looked up to rind him smirking.

  “You’re pretty smart, aren’t you,
Brig?” he observed, with well-simulated
admiration. “They don’t put one over
on you very often, do they ?”

  "No, indeedy!” swaggered Brigham,
and then they both laughed—to them-
selves. But the jest put an effectual end
to the discussion, since Brigham did not
know what it was he was supposed to
have discovered, and Bowles took no
pains to enlighten him. It was enough
that Brig considered him a very gay
dog, indeed, and he did not deny the
soft impeachment. So, each with his
satisfied smile, they jogged along across
the plains, dragging their pack animals
behind them, and heading for the
Money Bug.

  All that day they rode on through the
mellow sunshine, and the next morning
found them still on their way; but just
as the well-remembered ranch came into
view there was a rattle of wheels from
behind, and they swung out to give
Henry Lee the road. He was driving
the fiery grays, and they fought
gamely against the delay, but he pulled
them down to a walk while he handed
Bowles a note.

  “Telegram for you, Mr. Bowles,” he
said. “Brig, stop at the ranch when
you go by—I want to talk with you.”
There was much more that might
have been said, and Mrs. Lee smiled ap-
provingly at Alias Bowles, but the grays
were within sight, of the haystack, and
they cut the talk short with a bolt.
Then Bowles glanced through the tele-
gram, and thrust it into his shirt.

  “My aunt-” he began, and, as the

grin on Brig’s face widened, he stopped
short and fell into a sulk. “No use
telling you anything, Brig,” he said at
last; “you can guess by the color of
my eye.”

  “Sure,” said Brig, after a moment of
balked silence; “yore aunt seems to
think a whole lot of you. And, speak-
in’ about womenfolks, what’s this corn-
in’ down off the hill?”

  He nodded at the foothills to the
west, and, as Bowles gazed, he saw'
Dixie Lee coming down the broad slope
like an arrow. She wras riding YVa-ha-
lote, too, and at sight of that noble
charger the heart of Alias Bowles be-
came sad—or, perhaps, it was at sight
of Dixie Lee. However that may be,
he continued on his way with melan-
choly resignation; while Brig seemed to
view her coming with alarm.

  “Here’s where I ketch hell fer some-
thin’,” he muttered, as she sighted him
from afar; and when she rode up and
faced him, he hung his head like a
truant.

  “You, Brig,” she said at last, whip-
ping the hair from her eyes with one
hand, “you haven’t got git-up enough
in you to win an Indian squaw. You’ll
make a lovely husband for somebody,
and that’s a fact—the w^ay you do your
courting. Who do you think is up to
the big house waiting for you ?”

  “Huh?” demanded Brig, now sud-
denly all attention.

  “Well, she’s been there for more than
a day—while you were out shooting
prairie dogs. What she sees in you is
more than I can say, but-”

  “Who are ye talkin’ about?” barked
Brigham, throwing loose his leading
rope.

  “I’m talking about your girl,” an-
swered Dixie, with Spartan directness.
“Here, I’ll lead your pack—go ahead
and showr her your dust.”

  “I’ll do that,” said Brig, leaning for-
ward as she spoke; and, passing over
the rope, he went spurring up the road.

  Dixie Lee gave Bowles a level look
from beneath her tumbled hair, and
touched Wa-ha-lote with the spur. Her
manner seemed to be a disclaimer of
any responsibility for their being left
together, and yet somehow it was very
obvious that the stage had been set for
an interview. But if Dixie had any in-
tentions she concealed them effectually,
and her manner was one of good-
natured tolerance.

  “Well, look at that crazy fool ride,”
she observed, as Brig disappeared in his
own dust. “You’d think from the way
he travels he was the keenest lover in
ALIAS ‘BOWLES AN<D THE FA<R WEST

211

the world.” She paused here and
laughed to herself.

  “Yes, indeed!” responded Bowles,
with a certain brotherly pride; “old Brig
thinks a lot of that girl.”

  “Well, maybe he does,” conceded
Dixie, “but he certainly makes me pro-
voked. I declare, the way some of these

men-” She paused again and bit

her lip. Mr. Bowles was one of those
men, too. “I reckon it’s all right,” she
continued resignedly, “but when a
woman has to ride clear over to the
(iila, and propose for a man, and steal
his girl for him, and then round him
up and send him in, I guess she has
some excuse to speak her mind. Don’t
you think so, Mr. Bowles? Well, then,
if your friend Brigham had had his way
he would have hit for the summit of the
Wrhite Mountains, and his gjrl would
have been married to a Mormon! It
makes me mad. Mr. Bowles. I declare
it does! The idea of leaving that poor
little girl over there, and never going
near her when all the time she was beg-
ging him to come back, and her folks
were reading her letters. She couldn’t
zvritc it to him—she had to tell him—■
and he never showed up at all. Please
don’t apologize for him, Mr. Bowles;
I’m sure there’s not a word to be said.”

  Mr. Bowles bowed his head and felt
very humble, indeed, as if he, too. in
some inexplicable way, had erred, and
been rebuked.

  “And now,” said Dixie, at last,
“father’ll make Mr. Brig his wagon
boss, and they'll get married and live
at the ranch. Simple, isn’t it?”

  “Why, it seems so,” admitted Bowles,
“but how do you know he will?”

  “How do I know?” repeated Dixie,
rolling her eyes on him. “Why, Mr.
Bowles, have you been around the
Money Bug for two months, and failed
to note who was boss? Right after you
and Brigham Clark left I went down
and fired that Hardy Atkins—so you
don’t need to be bashful about coming
back.”

  Her voice trailed off a little as she
ended, and Bowles started and looked
at the ground. New worlds and vistas
appeared before him, and visions and

sudden dreams—and then he was back
by her side, and the road was passing
by.

  “I’m sorry,” he said at last. “It’s my
own fault—I should have explained at
the beginning. But now your mother
has written to her sister, and she has
told my aunt, and so I’ve got to move
on. She's telegraphing already.” He
showed her the yellow message, and
slipped it back into his pocket. “And
there was a deputy sheriff inquiring for
me,” he added bitterly.

  “Oh, dear!” pouted Dixie, yanking
at the reluctant pack horse. “I just
knew she’d do it. Mother means well,
but she’s a New Yorker, and—well, 1
hope she’s satisfied!”

  “Yes, I hope so, too,” added Bowles.
“I never did have anything to be
ashamed of, but—do you know who I
am?”

  “No, I don’t,” answered Dixie May.
“And I don’t care, either,” she added,
glancing across at him with clear-seeing
eyes. “I always knew you were a gen-
tleman, and—say, what's the matter
with that pack?”

  She dismounted quickly as she spoke,
and Bowles dropped off to help; then,
after the ropes had been tightened, they
stood silent within the circle of their
horses.

  “Mr. Bowles,” began Dixie, leaning
one arm on the pack, and looking
thoughtfully away, “being the man you
are, you—you wouldn’t compel a lady
to apologize to you, would you ?”

  “Why, no, no—certainly not!” gasped
Bowles, alarmed by a mistiness in her
eyes.

  “Because, if that’s what you’re going

away' for-”

  “Oh, my dear Miss Lee!” protested
Bowles, now suddenly stirred to the
depths. “Don’t think of it—not for a
moment! No, indeed! I will confcss
that I was a little hurt by your—but
that’s all right! That’s all right! You
don’t know my aunt, do you, Miss Lee?
I can’t explain it to you, but—well, she’s
a very determined woman, in her way,
and—well, she wants me to come
home.”

  “Yes?”
212

THE VOVULAtR MAGAZINE

  “Yes, and so I’d better move on. I’m
sorry that Brig can’t go along with me,
but—well, I can go alone. Do you re-
member one time, when we were com-
ing west, I spoke about the spirit of
the country—the spirit of the West?
Well, I have found it—it is to move
on!”

  “And never come back?” inquired
Dixie quickly.

  “Well, something like that,” admitted
Bowles.

  “Yes, I do remember that,” re-
sponded Dixie, with a reminiscent smile.
“I remember it well. We were alone on
the train, and we said all kinds of things
—I didn’t know you very well then. I
remember you told me once, if I’d help
you find the Far West, you’d be my
faithful knight—and all that. And I
helped you, too, didn’t I ?”

  “Why, yes!” said Alias Bowles,
puzzled by her air.

  “Well, what about being my knight?”
demanded Dixie, with sudden frank-
ness. “You’ve done well out here, Mr.
Bowles, but there’s one thing I’m disap-
pointed in—you don’t keep the customs
of the country!”

  “Why, what do you mean, Miss
Lee?” inquired Bowles.

  A sudden smile illuminated Dixie’s
.face—the same smile that had taken
possession of him when he had forgot-
ten and stolen a kiss—and then she
turned away and blushed.

  “Well,” she said, “you’re the first
Money Bug man that has gone away
without—without proposing to me !”

  She glanced at him defiantly and
folded her arms—and Bowles felt his
reason eclipsed, and the world go dark
before him. A thousand riotous
thoughts clamored suddenly for recog-
nition, and his brain reeled at the shock.
Then he opened his eyes, and she was
still smiling at him, but the smile had a

twinkle of mischief in it. The memory
of her legion of suitors came over him
now, and her carefree, jesting ways,
and he became of a sudden calm. They
had all proposed, and she had led them
on, and then she had told them No.
But she should never deal that ignominy
to him. If she scorned his humble suit
and desired only to add his scalp to the
rest, he would escape at least with his
pride—he would never let her say he
had proposed.

  “Ah, you must excuse me, Miss Lee,”
he said, speaking with a formal re-
straint. “Much as I value your happi-
ness I—I cannot observe this-—custom
of the counfry!”

  He spat the words out bitterly, and
closed his lips—as if there was more
he might say. But Dixie did not lose
her smile.

  “Maybe I’d accept you,” she sug-
gested, with a roguish twinkle, and once
more he gazed into her eyes to read
there if she was his friend. But a
woman’s eyes are deceptive, and hers
spoke of many things—she smiled, the
old dazzling smile, but there was mis-
chief in the depths. He sighed and
drew away.

  “Ah, no,” he said, “you cannot un-
derstand.” Then, as she waited, his
heart turned to bitterness, and he spoke
on as the thoughts came: “Really, Miss
Lee, it pains me—I cannot believe it.
What is one man, more or less, that you
should hurt me like this? Dixie”—he
raised his downcast eyes and regarded
her reproachfully—“I have dreamed
about you. I have worshiped you from
afar^~I have fought my way to be near
you. You don’t know how it would
pain me—after all I have hoped—to
have you-”

  “Aw, Bowles,” chided Dixie, reach-
ing out her hand, “can’t you see that I
want you ?”

  And then Bowles’ dream came true.

THE END.

    In next issue you will get the opening chapters of a mystery serial, “ The Murder
of Jack Robinsonby Howard Fielding, who wrote “Larry, the Listenerand “Bill
Harris—His Line
The Law of the Machine

  By Robert J. Pearsall

  Aiithor of “Comrades in HateEtc.

 The strange case of a young navalman who unwittingly pur-
 sued a court martial half way around the world. A tale of naval
 discipline which regards a man but a cog in a great machine

MOST men wearing bluejacket’s
uniform will tell you the es-
sentials of the case against
Andrew Hemphill. Sometimes
their accounts may be a bit garbled, es -
pecially if you have been indiscreet in
offering overmuch liquid persuasion,
but in main the facts remain the same.

  Hemphill enlisted in St. Louis early
in the year 1908. Originally he had
come from a country town. The spirit
of adventure had driven him to the city,
and thcnce into the service, and the
same red-blooded virtue, or vice, which
ever you please, drove him out of it.

  For he found that the life of an ap-
prentice seaman, so far from being ad-
venturous, was really very tame and
very monotonous. Scrubbing down
decks, although undoubtedly essential
to the well-being of a ship and of a
ship’s crew, was not exactly a romantic
occupation. And between peeling po-
tatoes in the galley and hoeing potatoes
in his father’s garden he infinitely pre-
ferred the latter, or would have pre-
ferred it had circumstances given him a
choice. The setting-up exercises and
manual of arms grew tiresome, too, and
double-timing around the ship’s deck,
although certainly a healthful exercise,
had very little of the element of ex-
citement. So, when he got his first pay
day, some six weeks after he had en-
listed, he went ashore determined to
forget, for twenty-four hours, at least,
that such a thing as the United States
navy existed.

  Andrew hit the beach with a crowd,
most of them old-timers. Most of

them, too, had the same object in view
as himself. And, of course, to men that
desire forgetfulness, there is but one
goal. The drinking places of Brooklyn
swallowed them up, and disgorged them
next day, repentant and headachy, and
glad to get back to their hammocks and
sea mattresses.

  That is, all but Andrew. It was a
good many days later, and a good many
thousand miles away that he rejoined
his ship.

  He got into a poker game early in the
evening, and, with the combined luck of
a beginner and a drunk, made a win-
ning. What happened after that was
mightily confused. He woke in a hotel
in Chicago. Just how and why he had
come there he never knew. It didn’t
matter much. He was there, and well-
nigh broke, and the flaring headlines of
the first newspaper he saw informed
him that the fleet of which his ship was
a part had sailed that morning on the
first leg of the long-heralded trip
around the world.

  Now, Andrew didn’t like the service
overmuch, but in his sober senses he
had no intention of deserting. His fa-
ther was a Civil War veteran, and re-
garded deserters and traitors as in the
same category. And there was his own
reputation to consider. He must go
back. But how ?

  He might have surrendered to the
Chicago recruiting depot. But to do
that would put the government to the
expense of transporting him to a new
station, and would consequently in-
crease his punishment, or so he argued.
214

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

No, the proper thing to do was to re-
join his ship. And the first home port
at which the fleet would touch was San
Francisco. He must work his way
west to the coast.

  He started on his journey with one
dollar and twenty cents in his pocket.
Twice on the way across he was ar-
rested and confined for vagrancy.
When he finally reached San Francisco
the fleet had already arrived, been en-
tertained, and left for the Philippines,
via Australia.

  Hemphill at that time had something
of the quality of a bulldog. He had
started out to join his ship, and he
would do it. The transport Logan was
on the point of sailing to the islands
with a human cargo of marines from
Mare Island and soldiers from the Pre-
sidio. Andrew insinuated himself into
the good graces of the former, and also,
during the process of embarkation, into
their ranks. When the transport sailed
he went along with it. After they had
passed the Golden Gate he confessed
his presence, but not his purpose, and
was permitted to work his way across.
The plan had the sole demerit of being
too expeditious, for when he reached
Manila the fleet was still hobnobbing
with its newly made friends in Aus-
tralia.

  Now, a ten-thousand-mile journey
under such circumstances as these is, to
say the least, somewhat exhausting.
And the Philippine Islands isn’t the
easiest place in the world for a stray
white man to make a living. So, inside
of a week after his arrival, he was
picked up by the secret-service men as
a suspicious character, being without
visible means of support. Seeing no
Other way out of it, he told them his
story, whereupon they turned him over
to the naval authorities. He spent the
next ten days in the naval prison at
Cavite, and at the end of that time, the
fleet having arrived, was taken to his
ship and delivered to his captain.

  In the military service, black is con-
sidered black and desertion desertion,
and there’s an end of it. Andrew found
that he had unwittingly pursued a gen-
eral court-martial halfway around the

world. Still, until the actual trial, lie
did not worry much. The fact that he
had pursued it would, he believed, ex-
tenuate him. He looked for a light sen-
tence, perhaps for an acquittal.

  But the ranking officer of the court-
martial was a man who believed in the
strict enforcement of the regulations.
And the others, perforce, agreed with
him. They gave Andrew three years at
hard labor. Then the court adjourned
to tiffin, and Andrew was led back to
the brig. Later he was transferred
from the brig to Cavite, and from Ca-
vite to a transport, and finally he landed
at Mare Island, was hurried through
the gates of the naval prison, spread-
eagled and searched, clothed in a felon’s
uniform, assigned to a cell, and forgot-
ten.

  But Andrew himself did not forget.

IL

  Three years later Andrew Hemphill
stood waiting for his release, his right
hand on the outer bar of his cell door.
As the iron clutch that secured the door
slid slowly back he braced himself, as
he had done a thousand times before,
for a quick spring into the corridor.
His name, shouted harshly by the ma-
rine sergeant in charge, rang through
the prison. He flung the door open,
leaped outside, closed it again, and
trotted slowly, in regulation double
time, which was the only kind of move-
ment permitted in the prison, toward
the entrance, stopping before the ser-
geant’s desk.

  The sergeant pointed at a small heap
of clothes that lay on the stone floor,
the cast-off uniform of a seaman.

  “Get into them,” he said brusquely.
“And remember this—don’t hang
around Vallejo. You can’t do no good
there. Get the first boat out. Come,
shake a leg, now. We ain’t got all
morning to waste on you.”

  Andrew himself had no desire to loi-
ter. In a few moments the change was
made. He took the yellow paper, his
dishonorable discharge from the navy,
from the hand of the sergeant, and
thrust it into his pocket without glanc-
THE LAW OF THE MACHINE

215

ing at it. The money, twenty dollars
in all, he paid little more attention to,
although it was the first he had handled
in years. He signed a paper without
reading it, stepped to the door, it opened
before him, and he passed out, still on
the double time. Outside, he halted; a
corporal fell in behind him; the com-
mand “Forward, march !’’ was given,
and he passed through the arcade and
down the stone walk that led to the
navy-yard gate.

  Five minutes later he had boarded
the ferry that led to Vallejo. The cor-
poral remained behind. Four bells
went, the whistle sounded, the chains
that supported the gangplank rattled,
the ferry cast off her moorings, and
moved out into the stream. Andrew
Hemphill, sitting on the upper deck,
watched clear space open between him-
self and the navy yard, and knew that
he was free.

  That is, free in a sense. In a sense,
too, the shackles of the prison were still
on him. His head still drooped for-
ward-, so that he would have to glance
upward when he wished to meet an-
other person’s eyes, which, truth to
tell, was not likely to occur often. His
voice had degenerated into a whine.
His body was soft and flaccid, his mind
also. He was a wreck, and he knew it.

  Nevertheless, he exulted. It would
not take a strong man to do what he
had planned. Really, it was a job for
just such a man as he, one who, know-
ing himself ruined, can see no further
hazard. When a man has lost all, and
knows it, he has nothing left to fear.

  Late that night he boarded the navy-
yard launch and came back to Mare
Island.

  He had discarded his uniform, and
was dressed now in a cheap civilian
suit, so he won his way in without rec-
ognition. He walked boldly past the
guardhouse and up the walk toward
the commandant’s house. Just before
reaching it, however, he turned aside
into Lincoln Park. There he concealed
himself behind a convenient shrub and
waited.

  Just in front of the commandant’s
house stood a sentry box. In that box,

night and day, a marine orderly was
stationed, partly to protect the house,
mainly to run errands for the com-
mandant. It was Andrew’s problem to
get past that orderly into the house.
And, owing to the fact that he had spent
the last two months in the same cell
with a man who had himself recently
been orderly to the commandant, he had
a pretty definite idea of how to accom-
plish it.

  He waited patiently until twelve
o’clock. At that hour the orderlies
changed watches. He watched the man
relieved walk briskly back toward the
barracks, while the other settled himself
for his four-hour watch.

  Half an hour later Andrew saw the
light of a match flare up for an instant
inside the sentry box. That meant that
the man was indulging in a forbidden
smoke. It also meant that for at least
ten minutes he would stay inside the
sentry box, with his face turned toward
the guardhouse, watching for the pos-
sible approach of the officer of the day,
and consequently that any one passing
the box in the rear would be safe from
observation.

  Andrew sprang quickly up, and, still
keeping to the park, made a wide de-
tour, so that he came out on the street
about a hundred yards from the front
gate of the commandant. As noiseless-
ly as possible, but with no other at-
tempt at concealment, he moved briskly
up the walk, turned in through the open
gate, and climbed the steps of the house.

  The door was, as he had expected,
unlocked. He turned the knob and
pushed it open, with a single, swift,
noiseless movement. Then he closed it
behind him, and stood for a moment in
the darkness, listening.

  Presently he felt his way forward for
a few steps, until he came to the foot
of the winding stairs. These he climbed,
the soft carpet muffling his footsteps.
Reaching the top, he turned down the
hall, and paused before a door, the door
which he had been told opened into the
sleeping room of the commandant. He
listened intently, and was rewarded by
hearing the sound of heavy, regular
breathing. He trembled a little, but it
216

THE (pOPULAtR MAGAZINE

was with exultation. He had been right
in his calculations; his enemy lay just
beyond that door, sleeping and helpless.

  He withdrew a revolver from his
pocket, and, holding it in his right hand,
opened the door with his left. But his
caution was unnecessary, the room was
dark, and the deep breathing of the
sleeper continued. After a momentary
pause he felt along the wall until his
lingers encountered a button. He
pressed upon it, and the room sprang
into light.

  In the farther corner of the room
stood a bed. Upon it lay the form of
the commandant.

  For a moment he slept on, while An-
drew gloated over his helplessness.
Then the unaccustomed light aroused
him. His eyes opened, blinking uncer-
tainly. Andrew made a little movement
toward him, pistol half raised. The
commandant saw him, and sat suddenly
upright, his pajama-clad figure sliding
to the edge of the bed. Then he stopped,
with a trapped, frightened look in his
eyes, for Andrew’s pistol was trained
full upon him.

  “Wha—what do you want ?” he quav-
ered.

  At that moment, stripped as he was
of his gold-braided authority, shivering
under the threat and fear of death like
any other mortal, there was something
so intensely human about the admiral
that, for a moment, Andrew almost re-
pented his design. Then he remem-
bered his wrongs, and strengthened his
resolution.

  ‘‘Stay where you are,” he said warn-
ingly. Then: *‘I have come to kill you,
admiral.”

  In spite of himself, and hating him-
self for it, he spoke respectfully, even
servilely, with the servility of years of
enforced habit. The admiral caught
the note, and knew with whom he had
to deal. He stiffened himself, and his
voice took on a tone of arrogance, al-
though he still trembled.

  “You are an enlisted man, or an ex-
enlisted man,” he said. “Are you mad?
Put down that gun!”

  “I am an ex-enlisted man,” said An-
drew. “I was discharged from the

naval prison to-day. Don't you remem-
ber me?”

  “I do not,” said the admiral, and in
a moment he had regained his old, hate-
ful air of contemptuous superiority.
“But I do know this—that you will be
back in the naval prison to-morrow.

You must--

  “But you,” interrupted Andrew,
“you will be in your coffin.”

  His extended hand became rigid, his
forefinger squeezing the trigger. But
the admiral broke in with a sneer.

  "You are a brave man,” he said. “If
I have wronged you in the past, you
are taking a noble revenge. To shoot
me down in cold blood, without giving
me a chance!”

  Andrew's hand wavered, sank to his
side. “A chance!” he cried. “What
chance am I giving myself? The shot
will arouse the servants and the sen-
tries. I have no way of getting off the
island. I have laid no plans of escape;
I don’t intend to try to escape. This
means death to me; I know it, and you
know it. I’m no coward. Besides,
what chance did you give me?”

  “You?” retorted the admiral, quickly
enough to arrest Andrew’s rising hand.
“What have I to do with you ? I do
not even know you.”

  “I suppose not,” said Andrew, after
a little pause. “I’d forgotten that. I
was nothing to you, of course. You
lifted your hand and crushed me as you

might have crushed a fly-”

 “Crushed you? How did I crush
you ? W7ho are you ?”

  “It doesn’t matter. There have been
many flies. I might be any one of them.
But—well, yes, I’ll tell you. I’m An-
drew Hemphill.”

 “I don’t remember-”

  “Not even yet? I’ll remind you,
then. Do you remember the apprentice
seaman over whom you sat in judg-
ment on board the U. S. S. -, in

Manila harbor, the man who, missing
his ship in New York, had beaten his
way to the other side of the earth to
join it? I see you do. Do you remem-
ber the fine speech you made urging
the usual punishment, arguing that to
let him off would injure the service,
THE LAW OF THE MACHINE

217

would destroy discipline ? Do you re-
member how, knowing your influence
over the other members of the court,
you deliberately set yourself against
him/and condemned him to three years
of living death? Well, that man was
myself. Now do you understand ?”

  The admiral shifted himself to a
more comfortable position. “Well hard-
ly,” he said easily, in the manner of one
who invites an argument. “I merely
insisted that the court do its duty.
Surely you can’t blame me for that.”

  “Blame you!” cried Andrew. “Good
heavens ! Blame you !” The memories
of long, solitary days and sleepless
nights, of back-breaking, heart-breaking
drudgery, of torturing loneliness, of
abject humiliation, of unprovoked abuse
and curses, and even senseless blows
struck in secret by brutal guards, came
to him, and he almost laughed. “Blame
you for that! I could tear your heart
out.”

  “But why?” asked the admiral. “You
were nothing to me personally. You
were condemned by the regulations, not
by me. Do you suppose I make my
own rules ? I carried out my orders, did
my duty, that’s all.” He was speaking
as coolly now as though he were sitting
in his office, with all the instruments of
his authority around him.

  “Your duty! Was it your duty to
destroy me? For that’s what you have
done.”

 “I! You! What am I? What are
you? Hemphill, you and I simply
didn’t exist, in the sense you mean. I
wronged you, you say. I reply—and
this isn’t a plea for mercy—that you
personally meant nothing to me. I
never gave you a thought. How could
I? You were only one in a thousand.
You-”

  “That’s it!” cried Andrew. “That’s
one of the things Fve been thinking
about. There are thousands of others.
Lying in that prison to-night, and in
other prisons, there are thousands of
men that are just as innocent of any
moral wrong as I was. Desertion, inso-
lence, fighting, neglect of duty, drunk-
enness, those are the kind of offenses
men are confined f-or in the service. Of-

fenses that would hardly be considered
misdemeanors in civil life.

  "And then outside the prisons there
are a hundred thousand more that are
caught in the military trap, and are be-
ing ruined, too, only a little less swiftly.
Huddled together in crowded barrack
rooms and worse-crowded ships, cut off
from intercourse with their fellows, de-
prived of all liberty of action, forced to
wake and sleep and eat and drink and
walk and talk by rote and rule, per-
forming no useful work, learning no
useful lesson, they are slowly rotting
away, body and mind and soul. You
know this is true. You are not respon-
sible for it, you say ? Well, say you are
right. It’s the system, then, that’s to
blame. I thank God that I’m able to
strike a blow at it, through you, who
stand;-”

  "You strike a blow at it. Hemphill,
that system has been running on for
good or evil for ten thousand years. It
is the oldest of institutions. And you
think that by killing me you will change
it?”

  “It will help.” But there was a note
of doubt in Andrew’s voice.

  “It can’t. I’m of no importance per-
sonally. Shoot me, if you like. After-
ward I would advise you to shoot your-
self. But it will make no difference. I
am merely a driving shaft, as you were
a cog in the wheel. A part of the ma-
chine, that’s all. ”

  Andrew was trembling now. The
admiral went on:

  “Individually, no man in the service
is important. But collectively we are
the force that has made, and that still
makes, civilized society possible. In the
final analysis, we are the keeper of or-
der and the enforcer of laws and the
safeguard of civilization. Without us,
the wisest rules of society would be but
jests for the lips of fools. When we
think of this does it matter that all of
us are bent and molded and distorted—
as we are—and some of us even
crushed, in order that we may fill our
particular place, perform our particu-
lar function ?

  “You violated the law of the ma-
chine. You were punished and cast
218

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

out. From your individual standpoint,
you were punished too severely. From
the same standpoint, practically all mili-
tary prisoners are punished too severe ■
ly, and practically all enlisted men ar^
wronged, in one way or another. We
all admit that. But we are bound by
our oaths not to think of you as indi-
viduals or of ourselves as individuals,
but of the service as a unit. And it is
all for the good of the service,

  “The service is like no other man-
made institution. It is founded in au-
thority, absolute, unquestioned, unwav-
ering authority. And in the exercise of
this authority there must be no quib-
bling, no hesitancy. You were a de-
serter, in fact, if not in intention. I in-
sisted that you be tried and sentenced
as a deserter. If I had done otherwise,
if you had gone unpunished, others
would have used your case as a prece-
dent and an excuse. It was the only
way.”

  He paused a moment. A close ob-
server would have said that he was lis-
tening. But Andrew, standing with un-
steady eyes downcast, gave no heed.

  “But vou,” resumed the admiral,
“saw nothing of this. You brooded in
your cell over your wrongs night after
night, for years. You persuaded your-
self that I was responsible, and you
planned'revenge. And you came here
to-night, your first night of freedom, to
kill me. You fool!”

  The admiral leaned forward and
raised his hand in a gesture of author-
ity habitual to him. It was as if he
were again the judge and Andrew the
prisoner,

  “You fool!” he repeated. “You had
your chance, your chance of freedom
and a happy life, and you threw it
away. You whined to yourself that
you were ruined—ruined in your early
twenties! Why, Hemphill, men have
served ten times your prison term, and
come out middle-aged, and still lived
on, and played the game, and won it.
But they were brave men. You are a
coward, the lowest kind of a coward.
You are afraid to live, and you are
afraid to admit your fear, even to your-

self. And so you come here, intending
to kill me, knowing that the penalty will
be death, avowedly for the purpose of
obtaining revenge, but really with the
object of shuffling off your worthless
life in a blaze of mock heroics.”

  Andrew stood still, with bowed,
shamed head, and dulled eyes. He
hardly seemed to hear the admiral’s last
words. “Maybe I’m wrong,” he said
slowly, as if speaking to himself.
“Maybe it's all necessary. But it is a
great price—”

  “Well, why don’t you shoot?” asked
the admiral, with a sneer.

  Andrew’s head suddenly came up,
and his eyes, for one tense moment, met
the admiral’s. “And do you think I
might make good yet?” he cried be-
seechingly. “Do you think I still have a
chance ?”

  “ ‘Had’ is the proper word,” said the
admiral. “You are still amenable to
military discipline* you know. Yrour
discharge doesn’t take effect until
twenty-four hours after it’s issued, you
know. And—listen

  Some one was running rapidly up the
stairs. Andrew whirled toward the
sound, caught himself, choked down a
cry, and stood waiting. The admiral
smiled.

  “It is the sergeant of the guard,” said
he. “I rang for him; perhaps you
didn’t notice this button on the side of
the bed. But you still have time to
kill me.”

  Andrew said nothing, and made no
move.

  “Put away that gun!” said the ad-
miral sharply.

  Andrew hesitated for one bewildered
instant, and then shoved the revolver in
his hip pocket. At the same moment
the sergeant of the guard rushed into
the room.

  He glanced at Andrew in surprised
suspicion, and then saluted the pajama-
clad figure on the bed.

  “You rang for me, sir?” he said.

  “Yes. Give this—gentleman safe
conduct off the island. Then to An-
drew, in an undertone: “Play the game.
Good-by.”
Finger Prints

By Charles R. Barnes
Author of “ The Self-Starter, ” “ The Sweeny Stories, ” Etc.

   Everybody knows that finger prints don't lie; but it looked as if they
   did when the police tried to fasten an automobile robbery on an
   ingenious crook whose finger prints were on record at Headquarters

CROSS the street from the
Howell garage two men stood
near the curb, engaged in ear-
nest converse. Both were
young, their ages ranging between
twenty-two and twenty-six. The one
who was doing most of the talking had
a face full of the lines which told of
world wisdom. It was a thin, keen
face; and the eyes, small and deep-set,
wrere eloquent with cunning. The
young fellow was under medium height,
and spare of body. But his quick, vehe-
ment gestures bespoke a wirelike mus-
cular equipment.

  His companion was of a decidedly
different type, being several inches
taller and many pounds heavier, and
having features wThich in their coarse-
ness suggested animalism. This man
had little to say. He listened. And as
the conversation progressed his face
gradually lost an expression of density,
and became alive with interest. Every
fewr minutes he followed the thin-fea-
tured man’s furtive glance as it swept
across the street and took in the al-
ready very familiar situation.

  The Howell residence was a typical
New York corner house. All windows
near the ground were protected with
iron bars; the street doors were
equipped with gratings. The place pre-
sented a stony, inhospitable exterior,
the drawn blinds giving no hint at the
cheer that might abide within.

  In the rear of it, facing the side

street, was a garage which once had
been a stable. A high brick wall ran
from* it to the house. There was, of
course, a motor-car entrance to the
garage from the street. Also, there was
a smaller door, of ordinary size, to the
right of the larger one.

  The thin-faced man jerked a thumb
toward this door, and talked on eagerly
but patiently, with the air of one who
tells a story over and over again that
no part of it be missed:

  "You see, Eddie, as I was saying, I
made up my mind a long time ago that
there wasn’t any big money in driving
cars for folks. You know yourself
that I’m right. You’ve driven long
enough to know it.”

  The other slowly nodded assent.
“Well, then,” proceeded the speaker,
“I figured and figured, like I told you
I did. ‘Pete Riley,’ I says to myself,
‘if you’re ever going to know what it
feels like to hit the high spots of life,
you’ve got to get in some line that
makes a bank roll swell faster than
being a chauffeur does.’ That’s the way
I talked to myself, Eddie. And then
all at once it came to me that automo-
biles are worth a few thousand dollars
apiece—or a few hundred, according to
the car—and it looked to me as if they
were standing round just sort of whim-
pering to be taken away. You under-
stand—taken away, and sold.”

  Again the other man nodded.

  He of the thin face fastened his eyes

This series of jaitotnoVjiJ" stories beti.n in the April Montli-cnd POPULAR.
220

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

on the coarse features opposite him,
noted the growing interest and avarice
there, and went on :

  “I’ve gone over that part about how
I inquired till I found out who was
buying- the stolen machines. The boys
in the lifting business here run ’em over
to Philadelphia, and that's the last any-
body ever sees of ’em. I got that part
of it learned, all right; then I went into
action. It was easy for a while, Eddie,
and I made money. Then they caught
me-—or thought they did. That’s how
my finger prints happen to be on file at
police headquarters. And, Eddie, those
finger prints are going to make you and
me a barrel of money. As soon as I
got the idea I made a list of every
driver I knew, and finally, after I’d
studied it a whole lot, I says to myself:
‘Pete,’ I says, ‘Eddie Cooke is the lad
for you. He’s a square guy,’ I told
myself, ‘and he’s a fine driver and a
good mechanic. He’s the party you’re
looking for.’

  “That’s the way I figured it out, Ed-
die. And I’m glad to see that I wasn’t
mistaken in the way I felt. I knew you
were wise enough to go in with me
and help me clean up. There isn’t a
chance of you getting blamed. I’m the
guy to take all that. Now, let’s take a
walk till six o’clock—it’s half past five,
anyway, this minute—and then we’ll
come back here, and I’ll show you how
everything’s going to work out. We
can slip in the garage while Tony, the
dago driver, is getting his supper, and
you’ll get a look at the inside workings.
Come on!”

  He slipped a hand to Cooke’s arm,
and the two were soon hurrying west-
ward from the spot, Riley still talking
volubly. He stepped along with a
quick, snappy tap of feet against the
sidewalk, his body erect and full of
nervous energy. The other man—
Cooke—clumped heavily beside him,
a solid, hulking specimen of humanity.

  Now that the Howell place was be-
hind him, Cooke no longer could vis-
ualize it, together with the costly motor
cars in the garage. The light went out
of his countenance. He was of that
mental caliber which can appreciate a

five-dollar note tightly clutched in hand,
but cannot bring the picture of one out
of mere words.'

  For a half hour the two wralked the
streets, bringing up at six o’clock near
the Howell garage.

  “I’ve been watching this place for
nearly a week,” explained Rile}-, “and
I know every little thing about it.
That’s the way to handle a deal of this
sort—what ?”

  “I guess you’re right,” assented
Cooke. “We ought to know what we’re
doing.”

  “That’s wise talk,” complimented
Riley. “You’ve got the idea, all right.
Now, listen—at six o’clock Tony, the
driver who’s working for Howell,
switches out the lights downstairs in
the garage, and goes to his room up-
stairs. He stays there about five min-
utes, combing his hair and getting ready
for his supper. They feed him that in
the servants’ dining room. It’s on the
basement floor. You can count on him
being there for about half an hour—
some nights, when the blinds aren’t
closed real tight, you can get a squint
at him forcing solid food into himself
and looking satisfied. There, Eddie—
look! He’s put out the lights down-
stairs. In a minute he’ll be up in his
room. See, there’s his light now.”
Cooke gazed at the illuminated upper
story of the garage. Then he turned
to Riley.

  “Gee !” he exclaimed. “I guess you
haven’t got the number of that place,
nor nothin’!”

  The thin-faced man laughed in a sat-
isfied manner.

  “It’s part of the job,” he said. “I
take all these precautions so I won’t get
caught. There are two cars in that
shed worth getting hold of, Eddie. As
I was telling you, one is the limousine
they’re using since old man Howell
went South. I got wise to his trip in
the newspapers. That car is worth
eight thousand if it’s worth a cent.
The other is young Howell’s hundred-
and-twenty-horse-power racer. It has a
roadster body on it now. The old man
used it to go downtown in—he used it
every day. We might get it, but we
FINGE<R <P<RINTS

221

don’t want it. What we want is that
limousine. Gee, it’s some car, Eddie—
some car!”

  Riley suddenly ceased speaking, and
caught Cooke by the arm. The light in
the upper story of the garage had gone
out.

  ‘‘We’ll give Tony ten minutes to get
interested in his ham-and, or whatever
the chef’s going to hand him,” Riley
went on. “Then we’ll go across the
street and start a thing or two. That
little door isn’t locked while Tony is
round. He locks it when he leaves on
a trip, but he never thinks it’s worth
while to do it just during supper time.
So there’s where we get in, Eddie.

  Young Mr. Cooke regarded his com-
panion with rapt admiration.

  ‘‘Some system you got, kid!” he en-
thusiastically commented. “You must
’a’ been on fixed post here for a
month.”

  Riley grinned. “All successful busi-
nesses run on a system,” he said. “My
business is only an idea with a system
to back it, but you can make up your
mind that the system is all right. You
got me when I explained it before?”
“About the finger prints?”

  “Yes. You see, they took mine at
headquarters when they tried to hang
the Tilbury car theft on me. They al-
most got me. They’d have done it if
their evidence had been stronger. I’m
loose now because it wasn’t air-tight.
But a man doesn’t like the idea of his
finger prints being on file with the po-
lice.” Riley’s crafty eyes seemed to
sink farther back into his head as the
lids drooped quickly over them. “I
want to make those finger prints a
joke,” he vehemently finished.

  “How’re you goin’ to do it?”

  “You’ll see in about three minutes,”
came the confident reply. “I guess we
better be getting across the street.
Don’t be scared, Eddie. Tony likes his
eats too much to quit in a hurry. He’ll
stay on that job till the last wheat cake
is a ruin. Come on!”

  Both men made a rapid crossing.
Riley walked along the side of the
house until he came to a basement win-
dow, around the edges of which shone

a narrow ribbon of light. He beckoned
to Cooke, who silently came up.

  “There!”• explained Riley, pointing.
“You can just see Tony’s back through
that crack. See him sick himself for-
ward at his supper, and then teeter
backward with a face full? Can’t you
just picture him making a wreck of a
beautiful appetite? I can.”

  “I can see somethin’ movin’,” admit-
ted Cooke.

  “That’s Tony,” Riley assured him.
“Now, hurry along. We’ll do a little
planting for to-morrow night. With
me?”

  “Sure!”

  Riley led the way to the little garage
door, turned the knob, and entered the
place. Cooke followed cautiously.
When they were inside, Riley carefully
closed the door, and produced a pocket
electric flash light. This he turned for
an instant over the interior of the ga-
rage. A big, costly limousine car was
shown on the floor, facing the auto-
mobile entrance. It appeared ready for
instant use.

  “That’s the car we want, Eddie,”
whispered Riley. “Remember where it
is so you can get to it without using a
light. All you got to do is to get in,
set the self-starter going, and run her
out as soon as your gasoline power
takes hold. Be quiet and slick about it,
and you can be halfway to Philadelphia
before Tony finds out that he’s missing
something. Now, come over here.” He
grasped a sleeve of his partner’s coat,
and led the way, guided by occasional
winks of the flash light, to where a low,
racy-lined motor car stood. “I get my
fine work in right here and now,” he
remarked. The lamp went back into
his pocket, and he approached. closer
to the racer. During the next minute
he moved busily about, evidently hard
at work, but making scarcely any
noise.

  “What you doin’ ?” hoarsely ques-
tioned Cooke.

  “Sh-h-h-h-h!” whispered the worker.
“Wait till we get out.”

  For perhaps a half minute longer he
lingered. Then the flash light winked
again, showing the way to the door.
222

THE cPO<PULA(R MAGAZINE

Both men passed hastily over the inter-
vening space, and soon were out of the
garage and leisurely walking away.

' “What did you do in there?" asked

Cooke.

  “Just what I told you I meant to do,”
was the reply. ‘‘I left my finger prints
all over young Howell’s racing car.
There’s nothing like a hard, polished
surface for leaving finger prints on.
Try it yourself some time, Eddie, on
glass.”

  “But I don’t quite get you,” the other
said. “I guess you talked too fast for
me when you was handing me the dope
before. How is this thing going to
work out?”

  “Oh. gosh!” breathed the thin-faced
man under his breath. Then he went
slowly and carefully into an elaboration
of his former explanation.

  “The racing car is all washed and
polished, ready to use,” he said. “No
one uses it but the old man, and he’s
at Palm Beach with Mr. Frick and the
rest of the nobility. So the car won’t
be used to-morrow. Get that?”

  “Yes.”

  “All right. The family will ride in
the limousine. The racing car stays
where it is. I’ve left my finger marks
all over it. Eddie. I’ve made some of
’em a sort of slide, as if I had been
trying to move the car into position
for running it out. There’s sure to be
just a slight coating of dust on the pol-
ish—enough to make those finger marks
show up plain to the detective who’s
sent out on the job. He’ll get the fin-
ger-print expert to come out and photo-
graph those marks. I’ll be arrested be-
cause the prints will be the same as
the ones they have on file down at head-
quarters—the ones they have of me.
See ?”

  “It seems plain enough,” admitted
Eddie.

  “The police,” continued Riley, “will
work it out that I went into the garage
to steal the racer. I tried to work it
into position to get it out, but got scared
at something. Then, rather than go
away without anything, I took the lim-
ousine. The racer’s a more expensive
piece of machinery, so that explanation

stacks up well. Say, my boy, I’ll make
such a joke out of that whole finger-
print business that the system won’t
have any value.”

  Cooke’s face spread in a slow grin.
“I see,” he said. “Say, that’s some
idea, that is !”

  “Sure it is!” agreed Riley modestly.
“And the beauty of the whole scheme
is that no one will be caught. You’ll
go into that garage to-morrow night
while Tony is at supper, run the car
out, and be clear away from the New
York police before the alarm can be
spread through the precincts. Mean-
time, I’m spending my time up in Har-
lem, playing pool with some friends.
That’s what you call an alibi, meaning
that you couldn’t have done what you
did. Then next day I’ll saunter down
to the White Front Garage, where I’m
known to hang out. A detective will
get me before I’ve loafed there fifteen
minutes. He’ll take me down to the
finger-print man, who will show me
that I’m guilty of stealing old man
Howell’s swell limousine. Ha, ha!”
Young Cooke’s dull eyes were wide
with wondering approval.

  “There’s class to you, Pete!” he de-
clared. “There’s class to you!”

  “I’ll give the police the laugh,” Pete
resumed. “I’ll have twenty men able
to swear that I was playing pool when
that car was stolen. And I guess that
won’t make the finger-print system look
more useless than a blown-out casing!
I’ll show it up as unreliable. Then it
won’t make so much difference if my
prints are on file. The only answer
will be that some other party has finger
tips just like mine. And they say that
can’t happen. Say, Eddie, just watch
the papers, and see me make those po-
lice look like the original prize package
of boobs !”

II.

  Two of the best and most brutal of
the “third-degree” experts in the New
York police department were question-
ing Pete Riley. It was well along to-
ward evening of the day after the even-
ing during which the Howell limousine
had been reported stolen. Riley had
FINGER PRINTS

223

been “picked up” at the White Front
Garage, according to his plan. The
finger-print authority at headquarters
had fallen into the trap set for him.
Krug and Fay, the “third-degree” men,
were working over Riley for the sec-
ond time that day.

  “We just telephoned to that pool-
room party in Harlem,” lied Krug, "and
he says you wasn’t there when you said
you was. You’d better come across
with a right statement, Riley, and save
yourself trouble.”

  “I wish I could accommodate you,”
smiled Riley; “but it’s the truth that
I didn’t steal that machine. I was just
where I said I was at the time you say
it was missed. You’re kidding about
Mac saying I wasn’t in his pool room.
I was there, all right—and, more’n that,
I paid him a two-case note I borrowed
of him last week. Remind him of it,
and he won’t forget. Folks don’t for-
get it when money they have let go
of is paid back. It doesn’t happen
often.” He continued to smile. The
detectives regarded him sternly.

  "What did you do with the ma-
chine?” questioned Fay. “We know
you stole it.”

  “I don’t know anything about it,”
Riley insisted. “You tell me that some
finger prints were found that are the
same as mine. I can’t help that. I
was up in Harlem, playing pool, when
you claim the machine was stolen, and
I can prove it. That’s all I got to say.”
He relapsed into silence, his face bear-
ing an injured expression. The detec-
tives shot a few more questions at him,
then left.

  “We’ll be back,” they informed him,
“and when we leave here again we’ll
have your confession. Think that over,
kid. We’ll have it, because we know
you stole that car. Them finger prints
never lied yet, and we don’t believe
they’re goin’ to begin for a cheap ama-
teur crook like you.” They stalked sol-
emnly away, and brought up, much
troubled in mind, before the finger-
print expert.

  “We don’t like to knock your game,”
began Krug, “but it’s lost out this
time.”

  “That’s the truth,” affirmed Fay.

  “Wre telephoned to that pool-room
guy in Harlem,” continued Krug, “and
he says the young party was up there,
pla\ring pool from five o’clock to eight-
thirty. He says the game the feller
was in got so loaded down with money
that nobody would quit to get supper.”

  “They sent out for sandwiches,” ex-
plained Fay. “And that guy we got
locked up wins near forty dollars. He
must be a shark, I guess.”

  The finger-print expert looked puz-
zled.

  “Nevertheless,” he announced, “the
man we caught is the thief. Finger
prints don’t lie. And those we found
on the racing-car body were as distinct
as any I ever saw.”

  "Well,” said Krug, “you may be tell-
ing the truth when you say that the
prints don’t lie; but I guess to-day is
an off day for them. That young feller
has as clean an alibi as you’d want.
We-

  “We didn’t stop at the pool-room
party,” interposed Fay. “We got a
Harlem man to question a lot of the
lads that was hangin’ out in that pool
room. They knew Riley. And all of
’em say he was there from five to eight-
thirty, mixed up in a game that was
some game, accordin’ to the way them
kids looks at a game. The car was
stole, as you remember, between six
and six-forty-five. The driver says it
was there when he went to supper, and
was gone when he went back to the
garage.”

  “And that,” Krug reminded the fin-
ger-print expert, "lets Riley out. I’ve
saw framed alibis, but this ain’t one
of ’em. Riley never stole that car, be-
cause he was somewhere else when it
was stole. And what are you goin’ to
do about it?” Detective Krug leaned
confidently on Reason, and confronted
the expert with a smug grin.

  “You’re sure Riley was in Harlem?”
came like a protest from the man who
applied science to the catching of crini'
inals.

  “The Harlem cop is called a good
one,” Fay said. “His name is Rafferty,
and he’s said to be real thorough.”
224

THE VOVULACR MAGAZINE

  For a moment the genius of the fin-
ger prints considered. Then he asked:
"What is the next move?”

  “There’s just one,” Fay told him,
“and Mr. Riley makes that. He moves
out of here.”

  “But—but,” stammered the scientific
individual, "he's guilty. The prints
don’t lie.”

  “They did this time.” Krug insisted.
“Riley ain't guilty. He’s got a couple
dozen men to swear he ain’t, and what
you got? You got a wigglv picture of
some thumb ends. That won't convince
a jury against the word of a couple
dozen real citizens that seen Riley play-
in’ pool while that machine was bein’
stole. We ain’t knockin’ yourf game,
mister, though we never did think it
was as good as the old methods. But
we got to tell you that there’s nothin’
to do now but turn that lad loose—
unless we can beat him up so’s he’ll
make a fake confession. Come along,
Fay, let’s make a try.” They turned,
and were leaving when an officer with
a message entered.

  “You needn’t bother any more about
hangin’ that auto business on Riley with
the finger prints,” he told the expert.
“Why?” came the quick question.
“Because he didn’t take the car,” was
the reply. Detectives Krug and Fay
cast joyous, though somewhat pitying,
glances at the expert, whose face im-
mediately became an illustration of the
word gloom.

 “We told you so-began the

sleuths.

  “But-” expostulated the much

harassed finger-tip man.

  The officer with the message calmly
went on.

  “A party by the name of Eddie

Cooke stole that car,” he explained.
“He was out joy ridin’ with a couple of
Jersey City girls this afternoon, and
bing! everything goes over an embank-
ment, and the Cooke lad is cruel hurt.
He’s in the hospital, and he confessed
to stealin’ the car after a doctor had
told him he was goin’ to die. He won't
be out for a couple of weeks, lie’s so
bad hurt.”

  “But Riley-” stammered the ex-
pert. “He’s guilty.”

  “You’re speakin’ the truth,” said the
officer. “The jersey police got the doc
to tell Cooke he was dyin’ just as soon
as they found out that the car was -
stolen. Then the lad was told he was
under arrest. He gets mad, and accuses
Riley of double crossin’ him. Riley put
him up to stealin’ the car, and said no-
body could get caught. This young
Cooke says Riley made them finger
marks on the racin’ car the night be-
fore to draw attention to him. Then
he fixed up a alibi. Cooke thinks Riley
will get off after standin’ for a pinch
with a sure-thing alibi behind him for
a chance at splittin’ fifty-fifty with
Cooke on the sale of the car. Cooke
figgered he was made a goat of, and
squealed. He was so sure he couldn't
get caught, on account of Riley tellin’
him so, that he stopped to take some
lady fr’en’s joy ridin’ last night, and
liked it so well he called round for ’em
to-day. That’s all there is to it. I
guess you got Riley right with them fin-
ger prints. I guess you have !”

  The expert’s face grew thoughtful
as he watched the man depart. Krug
and Fay stared sheepishly at each other.
Then the finger-print man’s features
became wreathed in a happy smile.

  “They never lie!” he dreamily mur-
mured. "They never lie!”

PLAIN AND PAINFUL TALK

TOURING a senatorial investigation in the last session of Congress, Senator
Clapp experienced great difficulty in getting some information from a nerv-
ous witness.

    “Now,” said the senator somewhat sharply, “out with it, my man! Out
with it!”

    “If the committee will excuse me,” said the lawyer representing the witness,
“I do not like the term ‘Out with it!’ This is not the office of a dentist.”
1

117ROM time to time \vc receive letters
from those who think they have a
grievance. We are taken to task because
a character in one story talks like an
anarchist and tries to promote class
hatred. Another complains because an-
other character in another story smokes
too many cigarettes, or speaks disparag-
ingly of the Italian race. One under-
taker wrote to us, being in a very bitter
frame of mind, because a personage in
one of our stories referred contemptu-
ously to a member of his honorable
craft.

a a

\1 7K can’t answer anonymous letters.

      but we do answer every one who
signs his name to his letter, and is good
enough to give his address. The an-
swer must be much the same in all such
cases. We are not responsible for what
the characters depicted in the stories in
Till- Popi'lar say or do. The greatest,
and indeed the only, qualification neces-
sary to make a good character in Action
is that he or she must act and think and
talk like a human being. And if you
reflect for a few moments you will real-
ize that 110 human being of your ac-
quaintance is infallible, nor does wisdom
continually flow from the lips of any
one. We all are certain to talk a good
deal of nonsense sooner or later. We
are all likely to make statements that
cannot be verified, to voice opinions that
afterward seem ridiculous, to give ex-
pression to prejudices altogether un-
worthy of us. Probably most people in
the world talk a little too much, and we
hope that the imaginary folk you find be-
tween the covers of the magazine act like

the people you And in the world out-
side. If they are true to life that is the
most you can ask from them, from the
authors who write the stories, or from
us. We are not responsible for their
politics, their religion, their tastes, or
habits any more than we are responsible
for the personal appearance of the man
next door.

a a

T1I1XK for a moment and you will
recollect that there are villains who
give bad counsel in the pages of the
1’iible. Was Shakespeare a poor drama-
tist because I ago recommended the use
of strong drink when we all know that
it is a very bad thing? Are you inclined
to censure Dickens because Uriah Hecp
is a hypocrite and a rascal; and Squeers,
the master of Dothebovs Hall, gives ex-
pression to the most improper and in-
human views as to the best method of
bringing up young children? A story
ought to express life itself in some fash-
ion. and you must know that life is a
somewhat confused and disorganized af-
fair for most of us. If everybody
agreed with everybody else in a story
there wouldn’t be much of a story to
tell. So remember that while we are
responsible and willing to stand behind
everything we ourselves say editorially,
we are not responsible for the opinions
of the characters. Just remember that
they are human and liable to error. Also
remember that the only thing that makes
a story had from a moral point of view
is untruth to the facts of life and in-
sincerity on the part of the author. Even
if the villain is not punished, or the hero
is not rewarded, a story may neverthe-
   A CHAT WITH YOU Continued.

less carry the message of high idealism
and moral uplift.

VOU will be glad to hear, we hope,
that the complete novel opening the
next issue of the magazine is by Ber-
trand W. Sinclair, author of “North of
53.” This new story is not a sequel to
it. It is just as good a story in its own
way. It is called “The Laying of the
Ghost,” and is the account of a man who
had urgent need for fifty thousand dol-
lars, and who was suspected of holding
up a train to get the money. It is a
Western story, and a mystery story as
well. The combination of the breezy
outdoor atmosphere with the qualities
of suspense and bafflement is a good one.
You knew long ago that Sinclair under-
stood how to paint real, human, and lov-
able men. You have begun to learn re-
cently that his women are, perhaps, even
more engaging than his men. Certainly
they have more than their share of
feminine charm. We think you will find
the heroine in “’The Laying of the
Ghost” one of the most alluring and at-
tractive girls you have met in a long
time. And in passing we want to an-
nounce to you the fact that Sinclair is
now at work on a sequel to “North of
53,” and that you will have it soon.

a a

IN the next issue of The Popular also
are several short stories worthy of
special mention and contrasting strongly
in style and atmosphere. There is “Sauce
for the Gander,” by Henry C. Rowland.
You have read many of his longer sto-
ries, but this is the first of his shorter
tales we have ever printed. It is a
comedy of New York life, the story of
an elderly man who for a definite pur-
pose of his own starts out to play the
part of a rake. He has been most re-
spectable, a pillar of society, the very

epitome of solid worth and wisdom.
Suddenly he changes, he associates with
chorus girls, he indulges in wine suppers
and late hours. The effect on his daugh-
ter, who has a will of her own, is alarm-
ing. It is a charming, jolly sort of
story. When you learn the reason for
the old gentleman’s excursion down the
primrose path of dalliance, you like him
all the better, but you wrould be sure
to like him, anyway.

a a

IN vivid relief to this story is James
Hopper’s tale of army life in the
Philippines, in the same issue of the
magazine. It is called “The Smoke,”
and is a grim, vigorous, almost brutal
narrative, as powerful and vital in mo-
tive and telling as anything we remem-
ber. It was with stories of the Philip-
pines that Hopper first won a deserved
fame as a writer. We have no hesitation
in saying that this new story is a little
better, a little stronger, and more vivid
than any of the earlier stories. We
think you will agree with us when you
come to read it.

a a

'T'HEN, once more in a lighter vein,
although not without its-strong ele-
ment of suspense and excitement, is
Courtney Ryley Cooper’s story of a
poker game, “The Burnt Card”; and as
another example of thrilling and vigor-
ous narrative, this time with its scene
laid in the West, Dane Coolidge’s won-
derful story of a rattlesnake, “Elder
Brother.” And last, but not least, a
story which has, perhaps, in a greater
degree than any of them, the compelling
power of a wholesome and hearty hu-
man interest, “Blacklisted,” one of the
best baseball stories yet by Charles E.
Van Loan. And these, please to re-
member, are only a few of the things
that go to make up a really notable is-
sue of the magazine.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Ready
When
You Stop

  A food immediately ready
for use. Add a little cream
(or milk) and a sprinkle of
sugar.

   It is put up in double sealed
packages—impossible of con-
tamination from dust or moist-
ure.

Post
  T oasties

the deliciously toasted bits of
wafer-like corn are the food for
picnics, auto tours and any
kind of trips—and for the
home.

  Its convenience does away
with a lot of bother to who-
ever prepares the meals.

   The delightful flavor of Post
Toasties makes new friends
every day—and

“The Memory Lingers9 9

    Postum Cereal Company, Limited
    Battle Creek, Mich., U. S. A.

    Canadian Postum Cereal Co., Ltd.,
    Windsor, Ontario, Canada

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Are\bu Eghting

              Are you fight—
       ing the battle of the
       hours where your pay
       is measured by the time you V
       work with your hands?

Do you leave home in the
morning knowing that no matter
how hard or how earnestly you
work, the clock limits your earning
power to so many hours a day at so
much an hour?

  Just think what it would mean to
you if you were paid for your knowl-
edge and ability instead of for your
time in carrying out the ideas of others.

  The trained man Wins the battle with
the clock, and takes up the fight for power
and accomplishment. He works with his
brain—thoughts come to him at any time
during his waking hours. The great idea may
come while he is riding home on the car, or while
he is smoking his after-dinner cigar.

  Such men are independent of
the clock.

  The International Correspond-
ence Schools every day are
helping men w'in their tight—
making brain-workers of hand-
workers—changing “wages” to
“salaries”—lifting men from the
hopelessness of life-drudgery to
the ambition of unlimited success.

With the help of the I. C. S.

   it is easy for you to gain the
   training to fit you as a leader
   in any line of work you
   desire, as thousands of
   others have done.

  Every month over 400
  men voluntarily report
  advances in position
  and salary, due

to I. c. S.

training.

  The
  Pay
  of the
  Hand-Worker
  is measured by the Clock

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
TILE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

The Clock ?

   Don’t think you need an edu-
 cation to start, for the I. C. S.
 starts you at the beginning.

   Don’t think it is a long, hard
 climb—the 1. C. S. leads you
 along by easy stages, so surely
 you scarcely realize how rapidly
 you are advancing.

   Don't think you haven’t the
 time, for noi. a minute is required
 outside of your spare time.

   Don’t think of the terms of
 payment, for you practically
 arrange them yourself.

   The I. C. S. Can help you
 no matter how old you
 are—where you live—

 'or how little time you
 have. It is easy to
 find out how the
 I. C. S. will train
 you in your
 spare time.

The
Pay
of the
Brain-Worker

 is Measured by his Training

iNTERNAn07ALC0RRESP0NDENCESCHOOLS n

        Box Sfl* SCRANTON, PA.

Explain, without further obligation on my part, how
I can qualify for the position before which I mark X.

 Salesmanship
 Electrical Engineer
 Elec. Lighting Supt.
 Electric Cat Running'
 Electric Wlreman
 Telephone Expert
 Arclil tect

 BuildingrContract or
 Architectural Draftsman '
 Structural Engineer
 Conerete Construction
 Meehan, Engineer
 Mechanical Draftsman
 Refrigeration Engineer
 Civil Engineer
 Surveyor

 Ulne Superintendent

 Metal Mining
 LocomotlveFi reman JfcEng.
 StatlonaryEnsineer
 Textile MannfaeluriBB
 Gun Engines

 Civil Service
 Railway Mall Clerk
 Bookkeeping
 Stenography* Typewriting
 Window Trimming1
 Show Card Writing

  Lettering Js Sign tainting
  Advertising
  Commercial Illustrating
  Industrial Designing
  Commercial Law
  Automobile fiunninc
  Teacher

 English Branches
 Good English for Ever^One

 Agriculture
 Poultry Fanning
 Plumbing A Steam Fitting
 Sheet Jtfetal Worker
 Navigation	Spanish

 Languages	French

 Chemist	German

Name.

Present Occupation .
Btreot and No

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
tiie popular magazine advertiser

Folding Pocket

KODAK

     Pictures,
Post Card Size,

(3X x $'/2 inches)

    Price,

  $20.

   So capable as to meet the requirements of the
expert—So simple as to fit the needs of the novice.

      The high grade rapid rectilinear lens permits snap shots up to a hundredth of a
second. The automatic focusing lock is quickly set for any distance from 6 feet to
IOO. Has Kodak Ball Bearing shutter, automatic speeds I/2=>, l/=>0, l/lOO second
—also operates for time and bulb exposures—loads in daylight with Kodak him
cartridges, and an indicator registers each exposure as made. Kodak simplicity,
quality and efficiency all the way.

                  Kodak catalogue free at your dealers, or by mail.

EASTMAN KODAK COMPANY, Rochester, N.Y.,?7z* Kodak City.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
TIIE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

  The Voice of Reconstruction

  When a flood sweeps over a vast
area, desolating the cities and towns
which lie in its course, the appeal
for assistance gets a unanimous re-
sponse from the whole country.

  With all commercial and social
order wiped out, an afflicted com-
munity is unable to do for itself. It
must draw upon the resources of
the nation of which it is a part.

  In such an emergency, the tele-
phone gives its greatest service
when it carries the voice of distress

to the outside world, and the voice
of the outside world back to those
suffering.

  At the most critical time, the near-
est telephone connected and work-
ing in the Bell System affords instant
communication with distant places.

  And always the Bell System, with
its extensive resources and reserve
means, is able to restore its service
promptly, and in facilitating the
work of rebuilding, performs one
of its highest civic functions.

American Telephone and Telegraph Company
And Associated Companies

Every Bell Telephone is the Center of the System

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

 Don’t Grope
    for Words

    Give Gronville Kleiser (former Yale .
    Instructor) 15 minutes daily and

  He Will Give You a
      Mastery of Words

     There are no old-fashioned wearisome rules of
     grammar to memorize. By an entirely new plan
     you absorb and immediately apply the fruits of
     years of teaching experience which are comprest
     into twenty intimate home lessons.

      If you will devote 15 minutes daily to this original
      Course you will quickly and surely learn to

   Enlarge Your Stock of Words—

    Use the Right Word in the Right
        Place—

    Write Tactful, Forceful Letters,
        Advertisements, Stories, Ser-
        mons, Treatises, etc.—

   Become an Engaging Conversa-
       tionalist—

   Enter Good Society—

    Be a Man of Culture, Power, and
        Influence in Your Community.

    JOHN^BURROlICHS, famous Naturalist and
    "Writer: “I see valuable and helpful hints in these
    lessons. Any young man or woman who has an
    undeveloped literary talent ought to profit greatly
    by this Course.*’

     It matters not what you are doing in the world, a
     knowledge of good English is absolutely necessary
     if you would achieve the biggest success* ** Good
     English is good business”—and it will pay you
     better than any other accomplishment.

     Let us send you by mail full particulars of this
     great Course. Doing so does not obligate you in.
     anyway, therefore please

   SIGN AND MAIL THIS COUPON NOW I

Funk & Wa(inalt.s Company, Dept. 779 2Cew Vor'
Please send full inforiiuit ion repirdiny (Jrcnvi
Correspondence Course in (jymi

 : K.leiser’6

Name.............

Local Address .........

Street and .Y<-
                   2‘oxt Office...........

ur, R. F. D.

Hate

The Coast Lineto Mackinac

Main Cabin — tttr. City of Detroit III.

  The Lakes Are
  Calling You

The joy of tho wind-swept decks, the cool breezes, and
luxurious comfort of the popular D. cfc <Line steamers
waitiiiL! for you. Whether you ^o north to beautiful Maeki
the famous summer resort of the north cimrnry, ci' choose
“Water Way” to break the monotony of east and west tr
by rail, you will appreciate the thousand ami one way
which your enjoyment has been insured on any of dur
palatial steamers. Direct connection at Detroit with st<
for Mackinac Island and way ports.

the

are

  iiae.

  the

  avcl

in

leu

  ners

  The Water Way

Daily Service between

Buffalo, Detroit, Cleveland & Mackinac

“The Floating Home Away From Home”

Our latest and largest steamer. City of Detroit III. operating be-
tween Detroit a!id Buffalo, has 600 staterooms. parlors	1
with baths* electric* fans, hot and cold running water anti thermo*
bottles; 50 semi-parlors with private toilets, telephones in cvei\
stateroom, private verandas, modern ventilating system tliroUg'l; -
tjLit insures cool inside rooms.

Excellent dining service, cozy, invitini?. Smoking1 room?, writing'
rooms, drawing rooms, imported Orchestrion. perfect, Httcndunee
with maids for the ladies. All Modern Safety Devices Complete and
Approved by U, S. Government.

Your Railroad Tickets Are Good on D. & ('. steamers between
Detroit and Buffalo, Detroit and Cleveland, cither direction. Infor-
mation regarding' rates and time tables upon request. Prompt,
connections with railroads for atl principal cities. JH'or illustmied
booklet and map Of Great Lakes, write, including' 2-cent stamp. to

Detroit & Cleveland Navigation Co.

PFTIIJP It. MeMILLAN, Pres.
A. A. SOHANTZ.

Viee-Pre*. and Oen. Mgr
I>, (J„ LEWIS, Gen. Pass. AgL.

 51 Wayne St.,
 DETROIT, MICH

Please mention this magazine when answering afJvertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

BARGAINS IN DAINTY SUMMER CLOTHING

2R46~This co°l* ea&Hy slipped on becoming and comfort-

        able Waist is deigned in the new Balkan blouse
effect and is made of fine quality durable washable white Gala-
tea Cloth. The collar, tie and cuffs are of pretty navy blue and
white striped Galatea. A feature of the model is the long waisted
etfect with a tailor stitched belt at the bottom extending below
the waist line being worn over the skirt as pictured. Comes
with short sleeves only. Fastens in front. Has breast pocket.
Ladies* sizes .*2 to 44 bust measure. Misscs’sizes l(,^i A A
to 20 years. Price, Mail or Express Charges Prepaid v**vw

OR42—Chic Bulgarian Blouse of sheer washable Voile em*

         broidered in two toned colors. Pl.iin voile yoke out-
lined by veining, Short sleeves with embroidered cuffs, collar
of white voile with embroidered border. Fastens in front with
fancy buttonsthrough a hox-plait. Hack embroider'd i:i x like
front. The very newest

2R46 „ , K

COOL, COMFORTABLE, BECOMING MODELS
AT WONDERFULLY LOW PRICES

4R49

Dress $2.98

thing in waists. Colors:
white voile embroidered
with Copenhagen blue and
white or with Neilroseand
white and colored voile tie
to match embroidery.
Sizes 32 to 44 bust meas-
ure. Price, Pos- f\(\
tage Prepaid.., v-l*VU

AD 11—New Poke Musfc-
v 1 room shape Hat

of white Milan Straw trim-
med across front with wide
kind of messaline ribbon,
high trimming in hack of
June rosebuds, foliage and
moss. Pretty bow in back.
Colors: white, with pirn*
ribbon and roses, white*
with black ribbon and red
roses, white with Alice
blue ribbon and tea roses.
Price, Mail or Express

paidroc!^Pre: $3.98
22R102-£!gSU“

Gloves, 23 inches long;
fasten with two clasped >n -
hie tipped finders. Backs
fini-'hed with three rows of
embroidery. A very special
value.Colors: black,white,
tan, brown, pongee,cham-
pagne, light gray, taupe,
gray, navy blue, Copen-
hagen blue, sky blue or
pink. Sizes 5y% to K1^.

Price, Postage AA
Prepaid...... <P1.W

           Neat, practi-
cal, welt-ma le
Dress of most attractive
style, made of high grade
pure Linen, prettily em-
broidered in self color.
The waist is cut slightly
decollete at the neck and
the collar, also the front
of waist, and the cutfs
which finish the short
sleeves are daintily em-
broidered to match color
of goods. The closing is
concealed in the front and
down entire front of waist
and skirt model is finished
with a pretty embroidered
scalloped edge. Self cov-
ered buttons form a pretty
trimming. The dress is
plain in the back. A won-
derful bargain at this low
price. Comes in all white
or natural tan linen color,
embroidered to match.
Special Price, Mail or Ex*
press Charges (£9 QG
Prepaid

 Balkan Middy
 Waist $1.00

  22R102
  Gloves 9

We Pay All Mail
or Express
Charges

Bellas Hess &.©

WASHINGTON. MORTON & BARROW STS

NEW YORK CITY. N.Y

We Satisfy You or
Refund Your
Money

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

CLASSIFIED
ADVERTISING SECTION

Rate, $1.25 a line, or $2.611/i a line, which includes AINSLEE'S and SMITH’S
Magazines, making a total ol 4,000,000 readers—the cheapest and best Classilied
Advertising medium on the market. Next Issue of POPULAR closes June 11th.

Agents & Help Wanted

  AGENTS. Portraits 35c, Frames
15c, sheet pictures lc, stereoscopes
2oc, views lc. 30 days’ credit. Samples
& Catalog Free. Consolidated Portrait,
Dept. 1146,1027 \V. Adams St., Chicago.

  $1000.00 earned by three people in
30 days selling our Fire Extin finishers.
500% profit. Protected territorv.United
Mfg. Co., 1023 Jefferson, Toledo, O.

 AGENTS MAKE BIG MONEY and
become sales managers for our
goods. Fast office sellers. Fine prof-
its. Particulars and samples free.
One. Dip Pen Company, Dept. 9,
Baltimore, Md.

  FREE ILLUSTRATED BOOK tells
of about 360,000 protected positions
in U. S. service. Thousands of vacan-
cies every year. There is a liig
chance here for you, sure and gener-
ous pay, lifetime employment. Just
’ ask for booklet S-ll. No obligation.
Earl Hopkins, Washington, D. C.

 BIG MONEY WRITING SONGS.—
We pay hundreds of dollars a year to
successful writers. Experience un-
necessary. Song poems wanted with
or without music—will pay one-half
of profits if successful. Send us your
work today. Acceptance Guaranteed
if Available. Largest concern in the
country. Free particulars. Dugdale
Co., Dept. 256, Washington, D. C.

  GOVERNMENT positions pay big
money. Get prepared for “exams” l>y
former U. S. Civil Service Examiner.
Free booklet. Patterson Civil Service
School, Box Y, Rochester, N. Y.

 SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE SUB-
SCRIPTION SOLICITORS "easily earn
liberal pay. For full particulars re-
garding commissions, etc., address
DeBli 62,155 5th Ave., New York City.

  AGENTS WANTED; best paying
agency proposition in U. S.; assures
you $1500 yearly; inexperienced
taught how to make $75 to $200
monthly; let us show you. Novelty
Cutlery Co., 14 Bar St., Canton, O.

  AGENTS, $25 a week for 2 hours
work a day. A brand new hosiery
proposition; beats them all. Write
for terms and free sample if you
mean business. Guaranteed Hosiery
Company, 1060 Third St, Dayton, O.

  AGENTS—An Exceptional Oppor-
tunity to earn $3000 a year and up-
ward. Something no one else sells.
Send Postal Today for full particulars.
A. S. Shuh, Sales Mgr., 1708 Sycamore
St., Cincinnati, O.

  GOVERNMENT Positions Open to
men and women. Big pay. List of po-
sitions free. Write immediately .Frank-
lin Institute, Dept. 06,Rochester,N.Y.

  AGENTS—$300 every month selling
our wonderful 7-piece Kitchen Set.
Send for sworn statement of $12 daily
profit. Outfit free. Thomas Mfg. Co.,
260 Third St., Dayton, O.

Agents sad Help Wanted -Continued.

 SELL hosiery; guaranteed against
holes or new hose free; build a per-
manent trade; big profits; experience
unnecessary. International Mills,
Dept. A. West Phila., Pa.

Music and Song Poems

 SONG POEMS WANTED. Send us
your song poems or melodies. They
may become big hits and bring thou-
sands of dollars. Experience un-
necessary. Proposition positively un-
equalled. Available work accepted
for publication. Write for free in-
structive booklet. Marks-Goldsmith
Co., Dept. 15, Washington, D. C.

 BIG MONEY WRITING SONGS^
Hundreds of dollars have been made
by successful writers. We Pay 50
per cent of profits if successful. Send
us your original Poems, Songs or
Melodies today, or write for Free
Particulars. Dugdale Co., Dept. 741,
Washington, D. C.

 SONG Writers. I’ve paid thousands
in royalties. Send me your poems or
melodies for acceptance or write for
free booklet. W ill pay you 50%
royalty. Est. 16 years. John T. Hall,
18 Columbus Circle, New York.

 SONG POEMS Wanted—Send us
wordsormnsio. Big money in success-
ful Songs. Book Free. Hayworth Music
Pub. Co., 614 G, Washington. D. C.

 COMPOSERS ! Song Poem Writers !
Before submitting your melodies,
send them to us to be properly ar-
ranged. We can make them very
effective. Are you having your com-
positions returned? If so, they are
not receiving the attention that our
professional manuscripts receive.
Benefit by our experience, save time
and patience. If you can compose
melodies on the piano but are unable
to write them.we write them for you at
small cost. We also set music to song
poems. You might have a hit. Many
popular hits have been “dug up” in
this manner. We arrange for orches-
tras, bauds, quartettes, Glee clubs, etc.
Send for our exceptional price list
for these arrangements. We arrange
Operettas, Musical shows, Anthems
of Societies, Club Marches, etc. Our
letter will be very helpful to you.
Write for it. Helm Arranging Bureau,
145 West 45th St., N. Y. City.___

 SONG-WRITERS, Composers send
lis your words or music, Songs,Waltzes,
Two-steps, Rags. We revise, arrange
and publish on royalty. P. J. Howley
Music Co., Dep. 9,102 W. 42d St.. N. Y.

 MAKE MONEY WRITING SONG
Poems. I’ll write the music, copy-
right in your name, publish and pay
you B0% of the profits. Success means
thousands. Particulars free. Estab-
lished 15 years. C. L. Partee, 807
Astor Theatre Bldg., New York.

 SONG WRITERS—why give your
profits to the Publisher? Join our
league and publish your own songs.
Melodies and lyrics written. Writer’s
Publishing League, Inc., 1416 Broad-
way, N. Y.	*

 Coinsr Stamps, Etc.

  $2. to $600. paid for hundreds of old
coins dated before 1895. Send 10c at
once for New Illus’td Coin Value
Book, 4x7, showing prices we guaran-
tee to pay. Get posted. Clarke & Co.,
Coin Dealers, Box 132, Le Roy, N. Y.

 OLD MONEY WANTED. $100
Paid for Dime 1894 S. Mint; $8 for
certain 1853 Quarters, etc. Many
valuable coins in circulation. We pay
highest cash premium on coins and
bills to 1912. Send stamp for large Il-
lustrated Coin Circular. Numismatic
Bank, Dept. 25, Fort Worth, Texas.

 Patents and Lawyers

 PATENTS SECURED OR FEE
returned. Send sketch for free report
as to patentability. Guide Book
and What to Invent, with valuable
List of Inventions Wanted, sent free.
One Million Dollars offered for one
Invention. Patents secured by us
advertised free in World’s Progress,
sample free, Victor J. Evans & Co.,
Washington, D. C.

 PATENTS THAT PROTECT
AND PAY. Advice and books free.
Highest references. Best re-
sults. Promptness assured. Send
sketch or model for free search.
Watson E. Coleman, Patent Lawyer,
624 F Street, Washington, I). C.

 IDEAS WANTED — Manufacturers
are writing for patents procured
through me. 3 books with list 200 in-
ventions wanted sent free. Advice
free. I get patent or no fee. R.B.Owen,
39 Owen Building, Washington, D. C.

Motion Picture Plays

 LEARN to Write Photoplays and
make big money. Producers pay from
$25 to $100 each. Easily learned. Great
demand. Ours the only school whose
instructor is a Successful Photoplay-
wright. Catalog free. Authors’ Motion
Picture School, Box 130J. Chicago, III.

 WRITE Moving Picture Plays; $50
each; all or spare time; correspond-
ence course unnecessary; details free.
Atlas Publishing Co.,313,Cineinnati,0.

Telegraphy

 THE Omnigraph Automatic Trans-
mitter. Sends you telegraph messages.
Teaches in the shortest time. 5 styles
$2 up. Circular free. Omnigrapli
Mfg. Co., 39 N Cortlamit St.. N. Y.

Typewriters

 AGENTS PRICES. One Machine,
at Wholesale price to introduce our
goods. Bargains in every make.
Typewriters for $5.00 up. Standard
Typewriter Exchange, 31 Park Row,
New York.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Alone!

THE burglar has no earthly show
against the Savage Automatic—
even in the hands of a lone, frightened
woman.

   Why? Bee ause this pistol—the only
ten-shot .32 automatic—aims as easily
as pointing your finger, and shoots
straight instinctively—even in the dark
—one shot to each trigger pull, as fast
or slowly as you please. Because an
automatic indicator shows positively at
a glance or a touch whether it is loaded.
You can’t say you “didn’t know the
SAVAGE was loaded.”

SAVAGE.

AUTOMATIC

Semi six cents in stamps for advice
from detective and police authorities
On how to handle burglars with the
Savage. Savage Arms Co., makers of
the famous Savage rifles, 947 Savage
Ave., Utica, N\ Y.

to

Shots

\QuicAi

RANGER BICYCLES

         lave imported roller chains, sprockets and pedals' Nerv
         Departure Coaster-Brakes and Hubs; Puncture Proof
         '/'ires: highest grade equipment and man j advanced
         features possessed by no otherwheels. Guaranteed Jyrs.
         CftATADV DDIftEC direct to you are less than
         rAOIUni rnlUbdOthers ask for cheap
         wheels. Other reliable models from $12 up. A few
         good second- hand machines 83 to 18.

10 DAYS’ FREE TRIAL proval, freight

           prepaid, anywhere in U.S., •without a cent in advance,
 DO NOT BUY a bicycle or a pair of tires from
 anyone at any price until you get our big ne’v catalog-
 anti special prices and a marvelous ncim ojfet. A postal
 brings everything. IVrite itnozu. TIRE8, Coaster^Brahft
 Rear Wheels* lamps, parts, sundries, half -usual prices.
 Rider Agents everywhere are coining money sell-
 ing our bicycles, tires and sundries. Write today.

MEAD CYCLE CO., Dopt. A-IIO CHICAGO

  Every store through-
out the country needs
show cards. You can earn
big money writing show cards for small stores.

  Bissell’s Show Card Writers’ Outfit consists of
seven liquid colors, brushes, pens and specimen
of alphabets with instructions necessary to learn
this fascinating and profitable profession. With
our outfit you can learn to do this work in your .
spire time, and it costs only $3*75 complete*
prepaid to any part in U. S. Proprietors and !
clerks in small stores can write their own cards.

  We guarantee the outfit to be perfect in every
respect. Everything ready to use. Send in your
order to-day.

J. G. BISSELL COMPANY,

Dept. A, 49 Barclay St„ New York. ]

      The
 vX Baldwin
 Camp Lamp'

   Givi's white, penetrating light,
   inches higti, weighs (.ready for use) ;>!
   ounces. Hums acetylene gas. Can be 1
   fastened to cap or belt. carrn‘d in hand 1
   or stood upon table, Wiil not blow out 1
   —absolutely safe. No oil or grease.

   The Baldwin Camp Lamp makes nights in l
Camp just as pleasant as during the day be-
cause* it	the best artificial liljlit next ]
i sunlight. Rowing or canoeing- at .
night is made safe.

       On “hikes’' through the
       woods it is unequalled
       because it projects its
       Iightl50 feet and prevents
       Stumbling And bad falls over'
       obscure obstacIe<. It makes auto-
       mobile repairing an easier, pleas-1

anter task.

   It is the official Boy’s Scout Lamp for
all round uses.

For s iie by leading* Hardware and Sport-
   u;4- (roods Dealers— sent prepaid on re-
   eeipl of price. Erase-, $1.00; highly
   poli-hed nickel with hinged handles,
   $1.50.

S*-Mid for free illustrated Catalogue
and instructive Booklet "Knots
and How to Tit* Them. ’’ Give name
and address of vour dealer,

    JOHN SIMMONS CO.

k20 Franklin St.,New York Cityj

         k49 St.Nicholas St.,Montreal,Can. ^

240 Hansford Block
San Francisco, Cat

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

The Cool One Wears B. V. D. Do You?

It’s no puzzle to find the B. V. D. Man. He’s in the foreground of the
picture and in the forefront of comfort. You can “spot” him at a glance—
cool and contented despite summer heat and fag. Stop fanning and
mopping — wear Loose Fitting, Light Woven B. V. D. Coat Cut
Undershirts and Knee Length Drawers, or Union Suits and he cool.

To get genuine B. V. D. get a ^ood look at the label. On every B. V. D. Undergarment is sewed

This Red Wonjen Label

TiadFToIrthe'

B.VD.

 BEST RETAIL TRADE

(Trade Mark Rt£. U. S, Pat. Ojf. and
foreign Countries,)

 Insist that your dealer sells you
 only underwear with the B. V. D.
 label.

 B. V. D. Coat Cut Undershirts and
 Knee Length Drawers, 50c., 75c.,
 $1.00 and $1.50 the Garment.

 B. V. D. Union Suits (Pat. U.S.A.,
 4-30-07.) $1.00, $1.50, $2.00,
 $3.00 and $5.00 the Suit.

The B.V. D. Company,

New York.

London Selling Agency:

66 Aldermanburv, E,

Copyrights U. S A. 1913 by
The B.V.D. Company.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
   The readers of the magazine may write to this department about any problem o£ dress.
Every question will be promptly answered, provided that a stamped, self-addressed
envelope is enclosed.

CTASIIIOX takes its ease in midsum-
* mer, relaxing the hard-and-fast
rules that usually govern, and allowing
us to wear pretty much what we please
within the bounds of reason and season.
The softness and naturalness which
rule present-day dress are even more
marked during the grilling days.
Lounge coats are devoid of stiffening
and lining; waistcoats are put aside;
trousers swing clear of the instep; soft
collars, soft shirts, and abbreviated un-
dersuits are worn ;
scarfs are of filmy
silks like foulard and
crape; hats are of
feather-light straw ;
hose are fine, sheer
lisle ; the circle of com-
fort is complete.

  In hot-weather fab-
rics flannels are per-
haps the most fashion-
able. These are cut
with plain or patch
pockets in the conven-
tional “sack” or the
newer Norfolk style.

The Xorfolk, while
primarily meant for
sports and the country,
has become a sort of
“all-round jacket.”
which is worn in town
and out on account of
its easy, breezy, “idle-
hour” air, which is in
tune with the current
code of style.

  Some Norfolks have

loose belts, and some have strapped.
Others are cut with a conventional
‘‘sack” front and a Norfolk back. All
Norfolks should have patch pockets to
accentuate their confessedly “loungy”
look.

  A notable feature of this summer’s
styles in Norfolks, and in all coats, for
that matter, is the placing of the waist-
line very high, so as to make the wearer
seem tallish and long-limbed. Even the
short man can thus be lengthened out
to accord with the
vogue for slim-and-
trim figures, as dis-
tinguished from the
old-fashioned “ath-
letic” figure with its
hulking shoulders and
sailor-broad back.

  Soft collars are an-
other quirk of fashion.
A much favored type
is illustrated here. It
is made of pique, silk,
or silk and cotton, with
the deep, curling points
tO' which young men
are very indulgent just
now. The four-in-
hand, broader than
hitherto, is loosely
knotted, and drawn up
between the tips. These
deep-point collars are
also made in flexible
linen, and may be worn
inside or outside the
waistcoat. Indeed, this
deep-point shape is the

S'oJ't, Detachable, Summer Collar.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Dress ^

 /oe~ _

CoM^0

V

 For fourteen years we have been
 buying advertising to tell you about

Shirley President
Suspenders

 The mere presence of our name in cosily adver-
 tising pages should prove the merit of Shirley
 Presidents, tor unless your first purchase led to
 such satisfaction that you continued to buv them,
 our business could not have endured the outlay.

 The Sliding Back, a light .simple device of
 shifting cord, gives comfort and freedom of motion.

 A ^vntleman’s su^ix-ruLw	111 liuht :ut<( nu--

  dium vwiirkits and attrartivt* i>Etti'ins of Sltirlt\v
  w.»> vcn cl astir wt'bbin^-. Kxi ra 1 ninths tor tail men.

Satist'artioiL <»r nmiu-y ba<k.

PRICE 50 CENTS

From any dealer or from the factory
THE C. A. EDGARTON MFG. CO.

 300 Main Street	SHIRLEY, MASS ,

                            and Brilliancy.

                            • coverv cf the a?e:

                            Parisian l.nuH
                            • •dia.mi.iml*; will i'ut

                            ; pu&ranterd f' r ‘J<>
 vi'ars. St-{ onl v in pctiuiiu- eul L«l p>l<i 14k.in< mnt in.’fv
 !*ENT ON APPROVAL: SEE THEM IiEl'oLE
 l'AVlMJ. Write f. r illustrated price list.

PARISIAN GEM CO.,

 D«pt. 4, 621 Broadway, New York.

Be the Boss,

Get tnto the New Profession

Thousands of men needed. Meter Engineers in constant demand

everywhere. Big money. Learned at home during yoar spare time.

 A*o nnrt	CAI>VA1I Electrical Meier Knpineerin? is one of

 lp«$jUUU JOD rOr I OU the b«st payinp proft^sions in the inuuis*
 try. Hundreds making $3,000and mor«. You can do tbe same. Write today.
 Book FREE '*ust y°ur name and address isenouEji. f Noobli-

---	s-ations of any kind.

 absolutely free. WRITE TODAY.

 liig bwk and details FREE—

 Fort Wayne Correspondence School, Department 114 Y, Fort Wayne, Ind.

 Opportunities for
 Government
 Positions

  The Tapid growth of the
  Parcel Post promises to op<-u
  iniiuv opportunities for good
  paying positions*	'

  Ovo-r 700 persons secured

  (riivi-rninent positions through
  the tiaiiiiiig of the Interna-
  tional Correspondence School s.

  All Americuus ov^r 15 are
  eligible. Send for the Free
  Civil Service Buok toilny and
  lenrn how the I* <S. can pre-
  pare you io become a canli*
  date for the Civil Servioo,

    International Correspondence Schools
 Bos *55 B	Srranton, Pa.

most novel whim of fashion, and gives
the wearer an old-time air which is as
becoming to some faces as it is unbe-
coming to others. You must judge for
yourself.

  The broad-striped “blazer" pictured
in the accompanying sketch is a favorite
among youngsters for tennis and boat-
ing, especially when striped in club and
college colors. Often such a '’blazer”

Tke Season’s “litazcr.”

 is worn with a round-crown flannel bat
 and a four-in-hand in colors to match
 —a very picturesque sport “rig." While
 the “blazer'’ has been rendered a bit
 common by excessive use, it is still
 “smart” if worn at the nets and on the
 water, and thus held severely to its
 place.

   As already foreshadowed last month,
 the modish “sailor" straw hat this sum-
 mer has a high crown and a narrow-
 ish brim. The bow may be at the side
 or in the back. Some ribbons, to em-
 phasize their softness, are loose, and
 have flowing ends that lie on the brim.
 Young men have always preferred the
 coarse-braid “sennit’’ straw to the fine-

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

      You will find in our new Summer Models
      that indescribable smart atmosphere of the
      “thoroughbred” without danger of the ex-
      treme or the cheap radical attempts.

ADimROCH ESTERXLOTH ES

        Write for our new Summer Style Book, giving
        the correct 1913 styles and dress suggestions

 L. ADLER BROS. & CO, Rochester, N Y. U. S. A.

$200 A MONTH

             BE YOUR OWN BOSS

                          If you are making less than Si>0 si v«rk you
                                           should write us T«>-<!;<\-. We ran In-Ip yuii In
                                           wealth and independence by our plan. You
                                           can work when you please,
                                           where you please, always
                                           have money ami the means
                                           Of riKiliiti”' barrelsmore of it.

___HOW WOULD YOU LIKE to

     %■ I	start out from Iioiik- on

V X lflj	coinhined business and pleas-

  ure trip, stay at the bevi
  hotels, and live like a lord
  and clean up §10 every day!
  Work at amusement places, crowd-
  ed street corner*, manufacturing
  institutions, anywhere and every-
  where, ten minutes' walk from
  home or on the other side of the irlobe. Just set a machine up any
  pl-iee vou happc-n to select, and clean up $10 above operating ex-
  penses each and everv (lav.

PAPER POST CARDS DIRECT

 Mv proposition is the WON DKKR'L NEW roMBIN.ATION CAMERA,
 with which you can take and in*tantaneously develop eleven entirely
 «;.lV<r<-nt stvJes of pictures including- Buttons. four styles and sixes
 of i'apci- I'ost ' aids and six styles of Tintype Pictures. Every plate
 is developed without the use of films or negatives, and is ready to
 deliver to your customer in less than a minute after making the ex-
 posure. This liKMAKKABLK INVENTION takes 100 pictures an hour.
 Kverv h< dy wants pictures and each sale you make advertises your
 business and makes more sales for you.

NO EXPERIENCE NEEDED

  Simple instructions aoeompatiy each Outfit aoit you can U-pin to make money in fifteen
  iniiiuuM ufn-r tli« nnttit reaches yuu.

  A tril'm- 'mvc3tni«tit will pvt this ’WONP-ERFL'L Ot:TFIT f..r you ami put you in n position
  tn make	a year. Jf you want to lie iD*lepemlent. an<l absolutely y- ur own l»<■»?, v-vrit-e

  me tx-ihiv :i1111 I vill send ymi l>y return mail, full free information repardinc thi?	HEK*

  l-'l.'l. IMU H'OSITION, incluiiiiip letters otlrrln? positive |in>uf- from e\ery part uf tlie world.
  InlN’T DKhAV, ANSWER '[’llIS ANNOl'NCEMKN T TO-pAY.

L. Lascelle. Mgr., 627 W. 43d St., Dept. 1030, New York, U. S. A.

Tobacco Habit Banished

 | in ■	Yes, positively permanently banished

 lit	lO ! £• nOlirS almost before you know it. Pleasant,

  casv to take. Results rpiiek. sure, lastin':. No craving for tobacco
  in any fi»rm after first dose. Not a substitute. Harmless, no
  poisonous habit forming drug's. Satisfactory results sruaranteed
  in every case or money refunded. Tobacco Redeemer is the only
  absolutely scientific and thoroughly dependable tobacco remetly
  ever discovered. Write for free booklet and positive proof.

Newell Pharmacal Co. Dept. 40. St. Louis, Mo.

“DON’T SHOUT”

             1 heaf you. I can hear now as well
                 m as anybody. ‘How?’ Oh, some-
                 thing new — THE MORLEY
                 PHONE. I’ve a pair in my ears
                 now, but they are invisible. I would
                 not know I had them in, myseJf, only
                 that 1 hear all right.

                         “The Morley Phone for ihe

DEAF

                                is to the ears what glasses
 are lo the eyes. Invisible,
 comfortable, weightless and
 harmless. Anyone can adjust
 it,*’ Over one hundred thousand sold. Write tor booklet and testimonials

THE MORLEY CO.,

Dept. 758, Perry Bldg.,	Philadelphia

,22 Repeater

MODEL

 1897

This is no ordinary .22 rifle:

   Here’s the only .22 repeater made with the
 dependable lever action—like a big game rifle.
 It has better weight, better balance, greater
 stability than any other *22. It’s guaranteed in
 accuracy and reliability: handles rapidly, gives
 25 shots at one loading. Shoots .22 short, .22 long
 and .22 long-rifle cartridges without adjustment.
 For rabbits, squirrels, hawks, geese, foxes, for all
 small game and target work up to 200 yards, just get
 this Martin*

    it’s a take-down rifle, convenient to carry and clean*
 Has tool steel working parts that cannot wear out.
 Beautiful case-hardened finish; superb build and bal-
 ance. Ivory bead and Rocky Mountain sights; the best
 set furnished on any .22. The solid top and side ejec-
 tion mean safety and rapid, accurate firing.

    Ask your dealer—or send us 3 stamps postage for new
 big catalog of all Martin repeating rifles and shotguns.

          Tffar/e/i firearms Co.

  9 Willow Street	New Haven, Conn.

HOW TO SPEAK

IN PUBLIC

                        ritve Grenville Kleiser, (formerly
                      of Yule Faculty), lift con minutes of
                      your time daily at home anil lie will
                      teach you limv to make after-din-
                      ner speeches, propose toasts, till
                      stories, make political speeches,
                      address board meetings. 11 is Mail ('oursc will help

 salesmen sell move ......Is. develop power and person-

 silLU, Improve memory, increase vocabulary, Rive
 poise and self-confidence: it will help a man earn more,
 achieve more. “Your course has been of great service
 to me in my business, and 1 commend it to others in
 the lushest terms," says .Iomf.pil 1*. Day, New York's
 foremost auctioneer.

 If you'll write tn-thm, we'll tellyou all about it by mail.
 FUNK & WAGNALLS COMPANY, Dept. 785, New York

Please mention this magazine when answering' advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

y2 SAVED

          On Watches ana Diamonds

          Proved by Customers* Letters

                Our free bargain book explains--uives unsolicited ex-
            presionsof many shrewd and careful buyers—illustrates
            and describes hundreds of amazing bargains.

    Tt tells how, as “Keadquarters for Loans" for over 60 years, a
  Vast quantity of high grade diamond jewelry and watches is un«
  cnKed for.' The necessity for promptly disposing of unredeemed
  pi *dges—yoods on which we have loaned but a fraction of their real
  value—is a REAL REASON for our astonishing savingrs. Send for
  your free copy. Everything shipped wth privilege of examination.

    No. 346587 —A	1/64 kt. blue white solitaire

  diamond gem of utmost perfection in cutting, shape,

  I';r.)portion and most scintillating brilliancy, in ladies^
  ring. Guaranteed Loan $40. Tryto4fc/f C Q.CS
  match it at$90. Unredeemed price	{

     No. 265587—A VA—3 /16, 1 /32 kt. guaranteed 1
  \peight diamond of the desirable fine blue
  white perfect cat quality. Unexcelled correct

                    ;hape ?nd brilliancy. This or remounted in plainer
                          style. A guaranteed saving with guaranteed
                          loan $1713. Try to match it at $350. d|OAA

                      Our unredeemed price..........

                           No. 264496—A 15-jeweled genuine Elgin
  hitrh irrade movement in Erenuine 20-year
  gold filled case,
  even though un-
  TC'Vemed.in prime tlew condition. Jewelers
  $15 to $20. Try to match it.	7^

 Our unredeemed price..........*pU» I iJ

    A Legal Binding Money Back Guarantee
  Uaekud by our $750,000 capital. Over 60
  years at one location is proof of our
  absolute reliability. Big Bargain Hook Free
  Jos. De Roy & Sons
  Snrthfield St.* 707DeRojr Bldg., Pittsburgh, Pa*

 References: Fannersr Deposit National Jiank,

  Marine National Bank, Dun’s, JJtadstrcct

These Girls Needed Help
      —and They Got It

They are JANE SHIELDS,

^ daughter of Mrs. J.X. Shield"

                { tile Paralysis; could neither
          , uJ walk nor stand alone when
          ; II brought to this Sanitarium.

• W After being here 8 months,

^ tliey can now walk every-

”_r '"here with nut braces or

        r crutches. These are not se-
             lected cases and neither arc
             the results unusual.

              Write their mothers: they
              will aiUrm the above. The

W L. C. McLain l
    Orthopedic
    Sanitarium

      is a private institution, devoted exclusively to the
      treatment of crippled and deformed conditions,
      especially of children and young adults.

          Write us freely regarding Club Feet, Spinal
     Disease or Deformities, Infantile Paralysis, Hip
     Disease, Bow Legs, Knock Knees, Wry Neck, etc.,
     and we will send you descriptive literature and
     advise you fully. Ex-patients as references
     everywhere.

   The L. C. McLain Sanitarium

   954 Aubert Ave, St. Louis, Mo.

woven “split,” because of its agreeable
"rough-and-ready” look. Chinese.
Swiss, Italian, and llelgian straws are
much worn, and Panamas, Milans, and
ilangkoks have not lost caste if you
lean toward a pliable instead of a stiff
straw.

   Polo waistcoats are reversible. Polo
belts are white, green, blue, red, or
black. American players wear silk-cov-
ered caps; Knglishmen wear pith hel-

 mets.

Bkacnasii.

SUCCEED IN LIFE

 You cannot accomplish groat, tilings nor climb
 to the top of the ladder of success unless your
 muscular development is given proper atten-
 tion. because that is the only way the arteries,
 the nerves and the vital orgnns can keep the
 machinery of your body in working harmony.
 Kducate yourself in deep breathing and attain
 great strength and vitality by reading the won-
 derful book. **liilelii*renei‘ lit Physical Cul-
 ture,” written by Lionel Strongfort, the
 w< »r Id’s strongest and most per feet athlete. The
 SU'nngfort system of physical culture is a reve-
 lation in health culture and body building.
 The Secret of Success. My original methods are
 effective and when you write me you wit!
 always liavt* my persona.) attention. Semi lc

 for postage and secure this book; it will slart
 you toward health and happiness today.

LIONEL STRONGFORT

 Suite 1308, 1133 Bdy., NEW YORK

EYEGLASSES NOT NECESSARY

Eyesight Can Be Strengthened, and Most Forms
of Diseased. Eyes Successfully Treated
Without Cutting or Drugging.

   That the eyes can be strengthened so that eyeglasses
                     can be dispensed with in many cases has been proven be-
                     yond a doubt by the testimony of hundreds of people who
                     publicly claim that their eyesight
                     has been restored by that wonderful
                     little instrument called “Actina.”
                     “Actina” also relieves Sore and
                     Granulated Lids, Iritis, Cataracts,
                     etc., without cutting or drugging.
                     Over one hundred thousand “Ac-
                     tinas” have been sold; therefore the
                     Actina treatment is not an experi-

..................ment, but is reliable. The following

 letters are but samples of hundreds we receive: —

    "Mr. David Suttle. 100‘2 YV\ 51;=t Street, Ohicngo. Til., writes: “I sent for
  your \\et ina,’ and when it came I told my wife 1 would throw my
  irlasses away and give the ‘Aciina’ it fair show. ] did so. following
  directions. and soon felt my eyes were g'ctting* in normal condition
  a rain and now J can say my eyesight is as good as ever, and my
  headaches practically vanished.”

    Mr. Emery E. Deitrtek, 71*24 Idlewild Street. E. F.. Pittsburg. Pa.,
  writes: "My eyes were very weak, fiiul my vision was s<> bad that I
  could recognize people only at short distances. Since using' ‘Actina’
  1 have discarded my glasses. my headaches are gone, and my vision,
  1 believe, is as good as ever it was.”

    Mr. -J. H. Frankerifield. 52*2 E. 20th Street. Cheyenne. W.vo., writes:
  *' Regarding- what the ‘Actina’ has done for me, 1 am proud to sa.\ that
  1 am not wearing- my glasses at all. As for my catnri h, it is almost
  gone and 1 liave been troubled with it for more than sixteen years.

   “A great number of my railroad friends are buying ‘Aetinas,’»s
 you know by the orders you have received.”'

  “Actina** can be used with perfect safety by every
 member of the family for any affliction of the eye, ear,
 throat or head. A Free trial of the “Actina” is given in
 every case.

  Se^d for our FREE. TRIAL offer and valuable FREE
 BOOK. Add ress Actina Appliance Co,, Dept. g6N, 8n
 Walnut St., Kansas City, Mo.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POt'lJLAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

A French Chef

Wants to Bake for You Fifty Meals
This Summer

Try Him Once

 Tie will charge 10, IrS or 20 cents, accord-
 ing to the size of your family.

 He lias baked for the Hotel Ritz in Paris,
 for the Carlton guests in London.

 Now all his remarkable skill is exhibited
 in this dish of Van Camp’s Pork and Beans.

He uses none but white, plump beans,
carefully picked out by hand.

 The tomato sauce costs five times as much
 as common sauce is sold for. And he bakes
 it with the beans.

 lie uses modern steam ovens, so the beans
 are baked without crisping or bursting.
 They come to you nut-like, mellow, whole.

And they come to you, because of our
process, with all the fresh oven flavor.

 You will not find Van Camp’s any com-
monplace dish. We spend on our output
$800,01 >0 yearly more than lesser grades
would cost.

  This dish is our pride, our one claim to
supremacy. It has given to millions a new
idea of baked beaus.

 Order a few meals. Let them tell their
own story. You will then let this chef sup-
ply many a meal. You’ll keep a dozen cans
on hand.

 Hut the only way to get beans of this
grade is to specify Van Camp’s. After that,
you won’t go back to ordinary beans.

“The
National
Dish”

Van (Imp's

V BAKED	^

pOP’V'pEANS

WITH TOMATO
SAUCE

“The
National
Dish”

Three sizes:

JO, J.5 and 20 cents per can
Prepared by

Van Camp Packing Company, Indianapolis, Ind.

Established 1861

 (2KV

PI ease mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

No Corns Next
Week

   Would you like to think that your oldest
corns would be ended forever next week P

  They c^n be ended in a simple way A
million corns monthly are ended in this way.

   Apply a little Blue-jay plaster. That
ends the pain, and from that time on you
simply forget the corn.

   In 48 hours take the plaster off. Then
lift out the corn. There will be no pain or
soreness. (_

   The B & B wax gently loosens the corn
go it comes out root and all.

  And that corn won’t come back.
Another corn may come if you still pinch
your feet, but the corn that comes out is
ended.

   Millions believe this because they have
done it Millions of others still putter with
corns. Please, for your own sake, make a
test of this scientist’s invention.

A in the picture is the soft B & B wax. It	s

loosens the corn.	=

B stops the pain and keeps the wax from	=

spreading.	==

C wraps around the toe. It is narrowed to	g

be comfortable.	=

D is rubber adhesive to fasten the plaster on.	=

  Blue=jay	|
Corn Plasters	§

Sold by Druggists—15c and 25c per package	B

Sample Mailed Free. Also Blue-jay Bunion Plasters	=

  Bauer & Black, Chicago and New York	|

Makers of Surgical Dressings^ etc*	=

For Hat Folks

“FATOFF”

will allow you to use again the clothes laid away as
far too small.

FAT POSITIVELY REDUCED

by the safe, sure, simple, external “FATOFF” home
treatment.

It’s a simple treatment, which may 1>e used by yourself
ill your own home.

There is positively XO KXKKCIKIXfS, NO STARVING,
NO MKDKUNF.

■‘FATOFF” makes fat fadeaway from all parts where
it is applied, it reduces the waist line, double chin, fat
hips and fat necks, it keeps the skin smooth and youth-
ful, the flesh firm and healthy and you may always
have a lieure slender and graceful.

"FATOFF" is recommended by doctors, nurses, society
leaders, actresses, actors and business men and won.en
who have used it and continue to use it because it is the
only product which Rives relief from the burden of fat.

"FATOFF” is an all American product and complies
with all government requirements, not here for a
season but for all time.

"FATOFF” is sold by K. II. Macy & Co.,:Riker-IIegeman
Stores, Gtmbels, Siegel-Cooper, Abraham & Straus,
James McCreery’s stores, II. r. Gulpin, The Liggett
stores and leading dealers throughout the world, or

M. S. BORDEN CO. MIrs., oex",?V„e".tst

Send for booklet	Gives full particulars of actual

results. Mailed free in plain, sealed wrapper.

$15 to $35 Per Day Easily Made

TAKING PHOTOGRAPHS with out* ONE MINUTE
TINTYPE and POST CARD CAMERAS.

Pictures made direct without use of negatives.
Toned, fixed and developed all in one solution.
No experience or dark room neeesssiry.

Cameras From $10.00 Up To $35.00 Each.

Complete Phntos enst lc an<3 2c caeh. Sell for l«>c, ],‘io ami £f»e each.
.Send for frep catalog ami price list to-dav.

N. Y. FERROTYPE COMPANY, DEPT. 110,
168 Delancey Street, N. Y. City.

Branch, 1) ]:i JlalsCfftd H*-, <JbiC»go, 111.

Don’t Wear a/Truss

TRUSS WEARERS, Here’s Great, Good, News. Geduced

Tiresome, Torturous Trusses Cart Be Thrown

Away FOREVER, And It’s AH Because
STUART’S PLAPAO-PADS are different from the
painful truss, being medicine applicators made self-
adhesive purposely to prevent slipping and to afford
an arrangement to hold the parts securely in place.

NO STRAPS, BUCKLES OR SPRINGS— cannot slip,
so cannot chafe or compress against the pubic bone.

Thousands have treated themselves in the privacy of
the home and conquered the most obstinate cases—no
delay from work. Soft as velvet—easy to apply—inex- s-
pensive. When weakened muscles recover there is no further use
ior truss.

         Awarded Gold Medal International Exposition* Rome,
Write TODAY and	Grand Prixr, at Paris.,	_ _

let us prove what we say by sending TRIAL PLAPAO JPKErlL
PLAPAO LABORATORIES, Block 701, St. Louis, Mo

DEUAT0NE

Removes Hair or Fuzz from Face,
Neck or Arms{

Delatone is an old and well-known scientific
preparation, in powder form, for the quick
removal of hairy growths—no matter how
thick, or stubborn they may be. A paste is
made with some Delatone and water, then
X* ^spread on hairy surface. After two or
- .m. Jthree minutes it is rubbed off and the hairs
have vanished. When the skin is washed
it will be found to be white, firm and hairless. Delatone is used
by thousands of people and is highly recommended by Mrs.
Mae Martin, the authority on “Beauty.”

     Drrni-gists sell DelatoneK or an original ane-ouncc jar "will
     be mailed to any address upon receipt of One Dollar by

THE SHEFFIELD PHARMACAL COMPANY

_3255 Sheffield Avenue—Dept. AL—Chicago

V- \

Please mention this magazine when__ar>swering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

THIS

JEWEL

ELGIN

IN25YEAR
GOLD CASE OKLY

y.3,

DAYS FREE TRIAL

 Now—during this Special Sale—is a splendid

 time to buy a fine Watch. We would like to send you
 this 17-Jewel Elgin in hand engraved 25-year gold case
 for your inspection. It sells regularly at $20.00. We
 save you nearly one half. If you answer this advertise-
 ment you can buy it for $12.75.

 NO MONEY DOWN

 We don't want you to send us one cent. Not a penny.

 Merely tfive ua J°lir name and address that we may send you
 till? handsome "Watch on approval. If after you receive ltand
 want to keep itjthcn you pay us only

$22° A MONTH

 If you don't want to keep it,
 tsena it back at our expenbe. You
 assume no risk whatever in dealing
 with via. You do not buy or paya
 cent until we have placed the watch
 i n your hatidsf or your decision. We
 ask NO SECURITY, NO INTER-
 EST. No red tape—juet common
 honesty among men. If tills offer
 appeals to you WRITE TODAY for

Our Big FreeUP**

WATCH and DAAIf I
DIAMOND DUVA!

 HARRIS-GOAR CO.

Dept. 915	KANSAS CITY* MO.

           THK HOUSK THAT SELLS MORE ELGIN WATCBB3
           TUAN ANY OTHER FIRM IN THE WORLD* —

ONG POEMS

 We pay hundreds of

WANTED

 /dollars a year to successfuJ song writer*
 I Have helped new writers nil over world.
 Hundreds of genuine testimonials. Ton hi JI
 writes: “Your treatment of mo is hi^.ily
 satisfactory, particularly with my hoii^
 I'thsomane.’ which has become a source of Kood
 income to me.” Send us YOI’R work today with nr
 without music. Acceptance guaranteed if available.
 Larue book free.

DUGDALE CO., Dept. 256 O, ’Washington, D. C.

/ Tfuat You lO Daysm Sent1 No Money

                $2 Hair Switch on Approval. Choice natural wavy or
                straight hair. SwjkI loclt of hair and 1 will mail a 22-inchy short stem,
                fine human hair switch to iiifrtub, A h<g bargain. Remit $2 in ten d*;8
                or Be! I y and GET YOUR SWITCH FREE. E-itraehadea a little more.
                Enclose f>c poeta?e. Write today for free beauty book of latest styles
                hair dreggiu^, high grade twitches, puffs, wigs, pompadoure, and
                ef.eciftl tatgainB ia Ofltrich Feathers. WOMEN AGENTS WAXTEp.
                - j ANNA AYERS, I>ept. K230, 220 S. Slate St., Chicago

KEEP BABYS
SKIN CLEAR

CUT1CURA
SOAP

A lifetime of disfigurement and
suffering often results from the
neglect, in infancy or childhood,
of simple skin affections. In the
prevention and treatment of minor
eruptions and in the promotion of
permanent skin and hair health,
Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Oint-
ment are absolutely unrivaled.

Cuticura Soap and Ointment are sold every-
where. For sample of each, with 32-p. book,
free, address “Cuticura,’* Dept. 133, Boston.

  ftifeKra

 ▼SOAP*

  shaving

 STICK

TENDER-FACED MEN

Should shave with Cuticura Soap Shaving
Stick. Makes shaving a pleasure instead
of a torture. At stores or by mail. 25c.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

The 1013 Timepiece

 The superb 19-Jewel Burlington Special with the latest improvements

 in watch manufacture, perfect adjustment to position, the absolute adjustment to iso-
 chronism, besides temperature adjustment. Also the newest style Montgomery dial and the magni-
 ficent inlay enamel cases in many colors. A watch perfect in every detail and beautiful in design.
 Clip the coupon below and send for the superb Burlington watch book explaining a remarkable offer.

        The Burlington watch book fully illustrates the points of a truly ADJUSTED timepiece;
        it also shows all the very latest designs in watch cases for you to choose from. Inlay enamel
        monograms, ribbon monograms, block monograms, diamond set cases, dragon designs, French art
        designs, etc. A11 sizes, ladies'' and men's. Take your pick of any of them on this startling offer.

Sent Without a Penny Down

 Yes—we want you to see and examine
 you decide (returnable at our expense).

  If you

the watch in every particular before

        decide to keep the watch, you may pay for it
 on the easiest kind of payments. Only $2.50 a month,
 at the rock bottom price, for the world’s greatest watch.

$2.50 a Month!

 The Rock Bottom Price We Do Not Care Wliat It Costs

   We have decided upon this direct offer—selling the
 public direct at the same price that even the whole-
 sale jeweler must pay—in defiance of the contract
 systems—we are in this fight to win—and so the
 public gets the benefit of our wonderfully special offer.

  If after examination you decide to keep the superb

  Burlington Special Watch, you may have it at the

  direct price—the rock bottom price,

  absolutely the same price that even

 '	-v the wholesale jeweler must pay.

 Book Coupon

 BURLINGTON V

WATCH CO. X

   Dept. 114 Y 19th and Marshall Bivd.,

CHICAGO, - ILLINOIS

  Please send me (without obliga-	if you do not intend buying a watch just now, you should have this

  tions prepaid) your free book on v. book. You should know the inside fads about this watch business, the
  watches and copy of your $1,000	secrets about prices and contracts which this book contains. Post

  o^S^lo a 'month,“offernon the “Burlington \. yourself, no obligations. So write today for this superb catalogue

Mail Coupon for Free Watch Book

   Just put your name and address on the coupon and send it to us,

 Even

  Watch.

 of 1913' watches.

 Name.

 Address ,

V

BURLINGTON WATCH CO.

 Dept. 114 Y 19th and Marshall Blvd., CHICAGO, ILL.

Please mention this magazine when . answering advertisements.
A Half Year With The Popular

From January to June, inclusive, of the present year, tlie
Popular Magazine has presented a fine lot of fiction to its
readers, as letters from them daily prove. When a reader in
Alaska, or in China, or in Australia, or at any other remote
place takes the trouble to send us a line about our authors and
their stories, we feel that we are pleasing a pretty comprehen-
sive public.

THE NOVELS

Let us see what wins such widespread approval. During'
the past six months we have given j-ou a dozen complete
novels, one in each issue, b}r writers who are 011 the high
tide of public favor, among them Henry C. Rowland,
Herman Whitaker, Holman Da}', Bertrand W. Sinclair,

A.	M. Chisholm, Ralph D. Paine, Francis Lyude, and Fred
R. Bechdolt.

THE SERIALS

There have been included a half dozen notable serials from
the pens of such romancers as Burton K. Stevenson, Roy
Norton, Zane Grey, and Dane Coolidge.

SHORT STORIES

The wealth and variety of the short stories have established a
new record for us. Among a hundred in a half year we have
printed four of the best written by Peter B. Kyue; six of Edwin
Balmer’s inimitable sea-battle tales; three of the most charac-
teristic from Richard Washburn Child; six of the entertaining
sort that Rupert Hughes does so well; eight of the breezy brand
that only Charles E. Van Loan knows how to do; four from
Emerson Hough; and three from Daniel Steele. And in ad-
dition to these were gems of fiction from James B. Connolly,

B.	M. Bower, Arthur B. Reeve, Robert Welles Ritchie, Morgan
Robertson, Robert V. Carr, J. J. Bell, and John Fleming Wilson.

MORAL: DON’T BE WITHOUT THE POPULAR
MMMB

Talcum

Toilet

Violet

Powder

(BORA TED)

 Due Jo its proper medication, there
 is no pleasanter nor more effec-
 tive relief for itching, smarting,
 burning and kindred discom-
 forts inflicted by the hoi
 weather.

  Sample. 4c; or. for 15c. we wiH
  send >ou postpaid, our ‘Week
  End Kit’* composed

ennen s

 Open a box of Mennen's Violet Talcum, and notice the exquisite perfume.
 To the regular infant toilet powder we have added a perfume so deli-
 cately sweet and flowery in character, that it rivals the violet itself.

 Bcfnrr dr*»in|—particular!/ t*forc irdulpin£ !n
 outdoor sports, or d»»ing anything to create per.
 spiration — kprmkle the bod/ thorough!v with
 Mennen’s Violet Talcum.

                 Be especially generous wher-
                 ever the Akin I* subject to
                 irritation or exoeesive perspira-
                 tion.

                  It will impart a delightfully
                  smooth feeling to the skin,
                  allay any odor of perspiration,
                  and prevent chafing.

samples of talcum pou
der, toilet soap, dentifrice,

GERHARD MENNEN CO.. 8 Orange St.. Newark. N. J