<»■

    sued
JAN. 7,
19t6
PLEASANT ECHOES FROM
PLEASED READERS

  One of our subscribers in Francis
Lake, British Columbia, writes: “In-
closed find monev order for one dollar
eighty-six cents, for which please send
me a six months’ subscription to the
Popular Magazine. I like the Pop-
ular because it is never ‘mushy,’ but
always human, and the characters are
everyday people—the kind I am living
among right now.”—Edith Bonnky.

  Another enthusiastic supporter, in
Kalaupapa, Hawaii, says: “Herewith
please find a post-office money order for
renewal of my subscription to the Pop-
ular Magazink. I cannot go without
the Popular, and wish it was a weekly;
I would cheerfully pay double, yes, half
a dozen times more than its present
cost.”-—J. D. McYeigli.

  Prom Dixie, Louisiana, comes this
commendation: ‘‘Inclosed please find
money order for three dollars ($3.00)
to renew my subscription to the Popu-
lar Magazink for another year. There
are seven in our family, all grown-ups,
and the Popular is our favorite of all
the magazines we take. The stories are
all ‘true to life,’ without being unclean
in morals, and that is the kind of fic-
tion the average healthy American is
looking for. You are on the right road.
Keep on going.”—R. A. Grounds.

  Writes an admirer from Elkins, Ar-
kansas : “Inclosed find three dollars to
renew my subscription for your Popu-
lar Magazink for one vear. The

magazine is chock-full of clean, whole-
some literature, and it brings us into
closer contact with life in this neck of
the woods.”—Jkan Davidson.

  Short, sweet, and to the point is this
communication from Waco, Nebraska:
"Am sending renewal for the Popular.
Have received my copy for ten years.
Have no complaint to make. The mag-
azine gets better all the time.”—W\ C.
Rom n son.

  A reader with confidence in 11 s sends
us the following from Dayton, Ohio:
"Inclosed you will find post-office or-
der ; renewal subscription to Popular.
I am pleased to state that T find it one
of the best-reading magazines I have
ever had the fortune to procure. I am
always waiting for the next issue, for
it is like good wine—it gets better with
age.”—William J. Yacklky.

  Tam town, Xew York, conies to the
fore with this glowing tribute: ‘‘If
my memory serves me right, my sub-
scription expires next month, and I
herewith send you my check in pay-
ment of renewal. I am the fortunate
owner of a library of standard works,
numbering about two thousand vol-
umes. I have read all of them once and
some of them two or three times; but
when your Popular Magazink reaches
me I lay aside any of my books I may
have been reading, and do not take up
the same again until I have finished the
Popular from first to last page.”—
Hf.nry G. Autenriltii.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

    ^D/Ze master interpretations of
    t/xe wor/cl’s greatest artists

                 Victor Records are the consummate art of the greatest singers, instrumental-
           ists, bands, orchestras—their own superb renditions exactly as they interpret them.

                 All the distinctive personality, all the individuality of expression, all the
            beauties peculiar to the performance of each artist, are ever present to charm
            you in their Victor Records.

                 Victor Records are the actual artists—the greatest artists of all the world.
           The greatest artists at their very best. The greatest artists just as you want to
           hear them.

      There are Victor dealers in every city in the world who will gladly give you a complete
catalog of the more than 5000 Victor Records and play any music you wish to hear*

Always use Victor Machines with
Victor Records and Victor Needles

Victor Talking Machine Co.

New Victor Records demonstrated at all dealers on the 28th of each month

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

The Key to Success

Increase Your Efficiency

 The secret of business and social suc-
 cess is the ability to remember. I can
 make your mind an infallible classified
 index from which you can instantly
 select thoughts, facts, figures, names,
 faces. Enables yoa to concentrate,
 develop self-control,, overcome
 bashfulness, address an audience.
 Easy. Simple. The resuit of 20 yoars ex-
 perience in developing memories of thou*
 gandg. Write today for copy of my book
 “How to Remember*’ anti Copyrighted
 Intensely Interesting JWetttory Test Free,
 also how to obtain KRKK copy of my book
 “How to spe'ik in Public-”_

Dickson School

EARN $3,000 to $10,000 ANNUALLY STUDY

 Thousands of Lawyers are dojncp as well or better. And, since Law is i M wl# I

Memory, 960 Hearst Bldg., Chicago, 111.

 Thousands of Lawyers are doing as well or better. And, since Law is
 becoming such a vital factoriri every business*large firms retain lawyers
 for their regular staff and pay faff? Salaries. TThe demand of the day is
 for l»eal trained man—a demand that is constantly increasing.

 The LaSalle Extension University.throughitsHome Study Law Course,
 has made it easy for you tosecure a thorough, practical leg-al training.
 No education required beyond the ability to read and write intelligently.
 1 nsCruction written in plain language by famous Law Profeasors in big resident cul*
 leges. The LaSalle method has revolutionized the atudy of law at bome.

We Train You BY MAIL

 at home, in Bpare time. Cost is small—payments easy. Our graduates
 pass bar examinaticmslnanystate* We guaranteetocoacn you free
 until successful in passing any bar exam. We are authorized by tha
 laws of Illinois to confer the Degree of Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.)

BIG SPECIAL OFFER!

                                      If you enroll nor* we send complete Law
                                      Library—14 volumes* without extra coat.

FREE

               m PUBLIC SPEAKING you may receive.th>8 complete,
 efficient. easy-to*master Course in Public Speaking: absolutely fre«. Prepared by
 Dr. Frederick B. Robinson. A. B._, A. M.tPh. D. Professor of Public Speaking,

you Fre« copies of "Valuabl*

Law Library

 Colleee of City

War W on’t W orry

          the man who works for Uncle Sam

           Foreign wars can’t bother the man
           with a Government position. Whatever
           happens, the job is sure, the work remains
           steady, the hours short and the pay big.

       Good Positions NowOpen

 Examinations will be held in your state for jobs
 you can fill. Now is the time to prepare. I will fit you in a
 short time at small cost. Common education, is sufficient.

My Special Guarantee Offer to YOU

 My ironclad guarantee makes you positivelysureof success or money
 refunded. Assure yourself now of big pay and lifetime employment.

Write Today For My Big FREE Book

 This book tells you all about "Government Positions and Row to
 Get Them." About 300.000 protected positions described. The book Is
 yours for the asking- No obligation. Write today-ask for booklet CR1061

EARL HOPKINS, -

Washington. P. C.

                The Oldest and Best School—

                  Only school of its kind in the
 United States. Prepares for the
 ■ A ■ Bar at Your Home. FburCourses:
 I Mm Mf College.Post-Graduate,Busi-
 BA ■■ ness. Law and Bar Ex. Review.
 " •	University Methods; Standard

 Text-books; Cases; Lectures; Moot Court; Brief-
 Writing. Graduates Successful in Practice. Write
 today for/V'ee Catalogand rules for admission to Bar.

Chicago Correspondence School of Law
534 Reaper Block* Chicago, III*

ity ot Mew York. We win also Bend yoi_ __________

 Law Guido" and “Ewid**ic«"^tw0 big illustrated books. Write today.

LaSalle Extension University, Dept. F-218 Chicago. 111.

                      __I’ll teach yoa

                  _ ^personally by mail. 16 HP * ''

                       _^^years’ successful teaching.

                        Bis neld lor men and women. You j
                        can earn

           $18.00 TO $45.00 A WEEK

            Schwartz (Del.) writes us “Yours is the only
            school that really teaches.” Send for details.

   DETROIT SCHOOL. OF LETTERING’

     Chas. J. Strong, Founder	Dept. 2301, DetTf>itJ_Mjch^_

A Civil Service Job
For YOU

  JThei-e are many line openings in the Railway Mail. Post Office
  arnl other government branches for American citizens 18 ami
  ! over. I/t*t us show you how Mr*. Patterson, a former U. S. Civil
  j S rvice Secretary-Examiner, can help you obtain one of these
  ; positions. Booklet 3t>-S gives full particulars. It s free, with-
  out obligation. Write today.

    Patterson Civil Service School, Rochester, N. Y. .

SHORTHAND «
IN 30 DAYS

 Boyd Syllabic System—written with only nine characters. No“f o-
 silions*'—no “ruled lines**—no ^'shading**—no “word-sfgns”- no
 “cold notes.#* Speedy, practical system that can be learned in 30 t a'r
 of homestudy, utilizing spare time. For full descriptive trailer, frrr,ad-
 dress, Chicago Correspondence Schools, 976 Unity Building, Clicago, til.

“LEARN PIANO TUNING AT HOME’

 Our Tune=A=Phone eliminates all
 Kuess work anti assures success with
 or without a knowledge of music.

 Simpler and better than oral in-
 struction. Makp' you master of tho
 tun<M,,’s art. Diploma granted. A.

 I>. Pope. Texa<. m.ndn S.S2 first toil
 days. Write today for free booklet.

  Niles Bryant School of Piano Toning, 32 Music Hall, Battle Creek, Michigan

You can do it if lean."

You Can Easily Make
$25 to $50 Per Week

     as Chaul.eur or Itepair Man.

       SEND TODAY for mir FREE illustrated Book
       re^'>i(linu our method of up-to-date SIMPLI-
       FIED instruction. Free Models to all stu-
       dents. We assist tou to secure position.

Imple. practical. AUTO SCHOOL.

08 F Beaver Street

\K\V lORK

   My Magazine “Invesliufl for Prolit**^

I
I
I
I

I

I

FREE hr Six Mmillis

 Send me your name and address right NOW and j will send
 you Inventing lor Profit magfAZine absolutely free for sis

 months. It tells how to gret the utmost earnings from your
 money—how to tell good investments — bow to pick the
 most profitable of sound investments. It reveals how
 bankers and capitalists make SI tOOO arow to $22,000—in
 fact grives you the vital investing information that should
 enable you to make your money grow proportionately. I
 have derided this month to j;ive 500 six month subscriptions
 Co Investing lor Prolit FREES Every copy is

Worth at Least SIO

    to erery investor—perhaps a fortune. Send your name
    and address now, mention this iper and et a Free intro-
    ductory subscription. Conditions may prevent repeating
    this offer. Better take it now. You’ll be willing* to pay 10O
    a copy after you have read it Biz months.

 |^H. L. BARBER. Pub.. R418 30 W. Jackson Blvd.. Chlcago^g

I

I

I

I

I

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
By W. B. M.
FERGUSON

“AN IRREGULAR GAME”

 Complete Novel in the Next Issue, of European Secret Service and International Intrigue.
 VOLUME XXXIX	_ NUMBER 2

 By W. B. M.
 FERGUSON

COVER DESIGIV	......

 A PRINCESS OF THE BALKANS. A Complete Xovel, ■ Henry C. Rowland

      More Is a yarn of the “cockpit of Kurope” that will compel your interest from the
           lirst word to the last: and besides the romance itself, yon really get acquainted
           with the warring and heroic races of the Balkan States.

THE MIRACLE MIX-UP. A Short Story,	Albert Payson Terhune

      Of mining troubles in the Kand of Moab. and the hocus-pocus contest between the
           American promoter and a Syrian prophet,

 THE TERRACE INN TRAGEDY. A Four-Part Story. Part I, Roman Doubleday

      All ingenious and baffling affair, this mystery, an,! you find yourself Kuessinc at
           the end of your cleverest speculation.

THE MUTINEER. A Short Story, .... Frank E. Evans

      Depicting a football game in which discipline was discounted.

67

CAUGHT IN THE NET. Editorials, .

THE LUCK OF CAPTAIN SLOCUM. A Scries,
    IV—The Heazleys.

The Editor . . .122
H. De Vere Stacpoole	126

 B.M. Bower and 8uck Connors 135

FIVE HUNDRED HEAD FOR A RANGER.

    A Two-Part Novel—Part I,

The "Kid” oil his second job down on the bloody border between Mexico and I'. S.
THE MYSTERY OF THE WHEEL CHAIR. A Short Story, George Woodruff Johnston

     Singular circumstances surround the dentil of the political boss, but suspicion
          proves something.

158

 H. C. Witwer
 Peter B. Kyne .
 William M. Rouse

112 LLUJ

REEL STUFF. A Series,	....

      11—Assisting the Judge.

THE FREE HAND. A Two-Part Kovel. Part II,

      1 low the Opium King in Frisco met its Waterloo.

 THE BITTER SCAR. A Short Story,

      Up among the French-Canadians where hate is as strong as love, and the Mosaic
          law of an "eye for an eye” holds good,

BUSINESS LETTERS OF A COWBOY. A Short Story, Robert V. Carr	.218 ^

      Writers usually cast great glamour over the hardy and honest cowboy, but Carr
          shows him up in everyday light lor a change.

  Twice-a-Month Publication Issued by STREET & SMITH, 79-89 Seventh Avenue, New York. Ormond G. Smith and GetobgeC.
  Smith, Proprietors, Copyright, 1916, by Street & Smith, New York. Copyright, 1916* by Street & Smith, Great Britain. All Rights
  Kevervcd. Publishers everywhere are cautioned against using- any of the contents of this* Mag-azine either wholly or in part. Entered at
  New York Post Office as Second-class Matter, under Act of Congress of Uarch 3, 1879. Canadian Subscription, $3.72. Foreign, 34.44.

           WARNINO—Po not jubscribe through agflocs Unknown to you. Complaints are daily made 1»y persons who have bet-n thus yictimiied.
  IMPORTANT—Authorf, agente aod publisher* are requested to note that this firm does not hold itself responsible for lose cf unsolicited manuscripts while i
  this office or In transit; and that it cannot undertr.li-a to hold uncalled for manuscripts fora longer period than Biz months. If the return of manuscripts is

«xpected, postage should be enclosed.

THE NEXT POPULAR ON SALE JANUARY 20th
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

HiLIDEE ”

        GOLD TIPPED	,

CIGARETTES PARFUMEES

The fast-growing popular cigarettes
Exquisitely perfumed by a new and secret process
They satisfy the MOST INTIMATE
CIGARETTE DESIRE

W Sa>> W

25c for / 0 in the
“VANITY CIGARETTE BOX WITH THE MIRROR”

At your dealer’s or send money to
T. CHALKIADI CO., Incorp., 503 Fifth Avenue, New York

 OF TEACHING
 MAIL

 In Your Own Home

 Yea, learn to
 , become an expert wrest-
 ler right in your own home, by
 mail, from the greatest wrestlers the world
 has ever known. Be an athlete, be strong, be healthy.
 Learn how to throw and handle big men with ease* Learn to
 dafand yourself. All taught in our course of lessons, and Illustrated
 with hundreds of charts and actual photograph* by

Farmer Burns and Frank Gotch

     Farmer (luma.“the grand old man of the mat.*' taught Frank Gotch, J
  the present World's Champion, all he knows about wrestling, so Gotch r
  gays. He will now teach you Scientific Wrestling—Physical Culture r~ wj
  —JiuOitsu—-Self Defense. Every man and boy in America, no a:f- I r *
  ferenoe what age, needs th s wonderful course of lessons. Write / Wol * I
  today—your name and address on a postal or letter brings you the I Ljili
  82-page book absolutely free—no obligations of any kind. A / Sort* ft
  splendid book on wrestling you should have, M’s free. Write now.	j

 Farmer Bums School of Wrestling, i HzRamge Bldg., Omaha

DO YOU LIKE TO DRAW?

Cartoonists are well paid

 We will not erive you any gTand prize if
 you answer this ad. Nor will we claim to
 make you rich in a week. But if you are
 anxious to develop your talent with a
 successful cartoonist, so you can make
 money, send a copy of this picture, with
 6c. in stamps for portfolio of cartoons and.
 sample lesson, plate, and let us explain.
 THE W.L. EVANS SCHOOL OF CARTOONING
 835 Leader Building,Cleveland, Ohio

DYKE’S free BOOKlet ON MOTORING

                               explains how we assist YOU in the Auto
                               Business as Repairman, Chauffeur, Salesman
                               or Auto Mechanician with DYKE’S NEW IDEA
                               WORKING MODEL SYSTEM of teaching by
                               mail and our new idea EMPLOYMENT PLAN*
                               Let us tell you the names of eome of our
                               atudents and the salaries they are drawing.
                               Don’t miss it-SEND FOR BOOKLET NOW.
                               Simplified Course covers everything from repairing and diagnosing troubles—to
                               valve timing and electric atartera—also 6, 8, 12 cylinder engines.

 DYKE'S SCHOOL OF MOTORING, Box 86, Roe Bldg., St. Louis, Mo*
 A Department of Firm; A. L. Dyke. Publisher and Importer. Original and only
 system of its kind. Endorsed by leading motor authorities of the world..

Learn How to

WRESTLE

 j k Earn Larger Salaries Than Any Other Class of Men H

      We will teach you to be a high grade salesman, in eight
    weeks by mail and assure you definite propositions from a large
    number of reliable firms who offer our students opportun-
    ities to earn good wages while they are learning. No former
    experience required. Write today for particulars, list of hun-
    dreds of good op* nines and testimonials from hundred* of our
    students now earning $100 to $500 a month. Addrena nearest Office

   Dept. 506, NATIONAL SALESMEN’S TRAINING ASSN.
       Chicago	New York	San Francisco

Uncle Sam Pays
Big Salaries

  You can easily pass the civil service
  examinations by studying, as 700 other
  ambitious men did last year.

  Put the responsibility up to us. We can
  help you. Write for booklet today.

  International Correspondence Schools
  Box 855-C , Scranton, Pa.

Public Speaking

Taught at Home

                                        Write for our special offer.

                                       Become a powerful speaker in
 spare time by mail. Overcome
 "'stage fright”, enlarge your vocabulary, train your memory, gain self-
 confidence. Learn how and when to use gestures; how to suit the speech
 to the occasion. Increase your earning power — become more popular.
 We have trained hundreds of successful speakers by mail at home.

 Write Now for Special Offer ®Sip'S?

 No obligation. Write while thin offer lost a,

                             American Correspondence School of Law*
                             1142 Manhattan Building, Chicago, III.

 Public Speaking Dept.

SPEAK A FOREIGN LANGUAGE

 The War has created unlimited opportunities for those who
 know Spanish. French, Orman or Italian. belter your
 position or increase your business. You can learn, quickly
 and easily, at home, during spare moments, by the

   LANGUAGE-PHONE METHOD

     And Rosenthal’s Practical Llngulstry

       {Highest Award Panama-Pacific Exposition, 1915)

       You listen to tbe living voice of a native prnfesBor pronuuuc-e th«
       foreign ianguac*, ov«r and over, until you know it. Our r«wrdfl fit
       all talking machines. Write for Booklet, particulars of Free Trial.

       The laiuuage-Phone Method,996?utnam Bldg., 2 W. 45th St., N.Y.

Taxidermy
Book
FREE.

IWrite Today*

Stuff Beautiful

Ririlc Learn by mail to

                       stuff and mount
 all kinds of birds, animals, fleh and
 game heads; m&ke&'ugrs, tanakins.
 Mount your own specimen^ *iu|
 make money preserving Coroiihers.
 Men. women and boys learn easily
 .nd qulckiy. Success guaranteed or
 tuition. Write today for our won*
 derfui FKEE book “Hour to Learn tQ
 ■fount Birds and Animals. N.W.School of
 Taxidermy* 1142 Elwood Bids.. Omaha, Nek,

ABSOLUTELY F1RICPROOF

HOTEL CHELSEA

 West Twenty-Third Street	At Seventh Avenue

            NEW YORK CITY

               EUROPEAN PLAN
    500 Rooms	400 Baths

  Room with adjoining' bath, $1.00 and Si.DO; room with
  private bath. $2.00; .suites, parlor bedroom and bath, 83.00
  and upward.

  Club breakfast, 25c. up; special luncheon, 50c.; tablo
  d’hote dinner, 75c. Calc attached.

  To Reach Hotel Chelsea:

  From Pennsylvania Station, 7tli Av. car south to 23d St.
  Grand Central, 4th Av. car south to 23d St.

  Lackawanna. Erie, Reading, Baltimore and f'hio. Jersey
  Central and Lehigh Valley R. R. Stations, take 23d St.
  crosstown carlo Hotel Chelsea,

  Principal steamship Pi> i\s., loot West 23d St., take 23d
  St. crosstown car.

WRITE FOR COLORED MAP OF NEW YORK

Please mention this magazine when answering advcrt:."cr.:cn'.s.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

VOL. XXXIX.	JANUARY 7, 1916.	No. 2.

A Princess of the Balkans

By Henry C. Rowland
AutkQr of 11 The Movies Man," “Leontine the MysteriousEtc.

       Ground between Turk and Russian and Austrian, the Balkan States have
    clung to life with a tenacity that speaks volumes for the character of the
    people. Romance is bound up In their countries’ history and traditions—
    traditions that W. E. Gladstone declared “exceed In glory those of Marathon
    and Thermopylae and all the war traditions of the world." It is the romance
    of the Balkans that Rowland has given us in this novel. Three of the charac-
    ters will stay in your memory: the American who gets his first glimpse of
    underground diplomacy; the girl from Novlbazar who is being used as a
    pawn in the great game of statecraft; and the banker who boasts that he
    has made rebellions, and put kings on their thrones.

(A Complete Novel)

CHAPTER I.

THE men look poisonous, but the
girl is rather pretty,” said Ste-
phen Dallas.

         “ ‘Poisonous* is scarcely the
word,” answered Sir James—“unless
you apply it to the big Jew in the same
sense that it might refer to the hind
leg of a mule. The girl is Austrian, I
fancy, with perhaps a dash of Italian,
She would be rather a beauty—when
you got used to her.”

  “She does not look to me as if you
would ever get used to her.”

  “So much the better. That is worth
far more than beauty.”

  The Englishman let his big frame
sink back upon one elbow, stretched his
long legs on the hot sand, and looked

^.iA

off to sea. Dallas lit a cigarette and
glanced curiously toward the trio sit-
ting on the beach at a few yards’ dis-
tance.

  “The stones on that big Jew’s hands
give me a vertigo,” said he, “and his
accent suggests a toucan with a cold.
What beastly language are they talk-
ing ?”

  “I don’t know. It seems to be all
spits and sputters, with now and then a
bark.”

  Sir James stopped spinning his mon-
ocle around his finger, to screw it into
his eye and survey the trio. Under
the fixity of his British stare, all three
turned with the same impulse and
looked at the two young men. Then
with equal unity of action all thre^
2

THE	MAGAZINE

scowled; the girl with a sudden inten-
sity that brought a swarthy flush to her
clear skin, the Jew with a diabolical
.raising of the outer ends of his black,
bushy eyebrows; the third member of
the party, a thickset, sulky-looking
young man, whose personality sug-
gested an overfed black cat, muttered
something which could not have been
amiable.

  “Better not stare at her, James,” said
Dallas. “If she were to run over here
and bite you, you’d certainly go mad.”
“I shall risk it,” said Sir James, “to
find out if she’s pretty.” He stared
placidly for a moment, then blinked
out the monocle and turned to his
friend. “You are quite right, old chap;
she is.”

  “I am beginning to change my mind,”
said Dallas. “I don't think that I like
yellow eyes and blue hair. The color
scheme should be reversed. Now she’s
angry and going off to sulk. She gets
up like a cat or a puma—all part of the
same swing. Gad, she’s got a figure!
Now, don’t stare her off the beach until
I’ve looked! My word, but you Eng-
lish have beastly manners!”

  The girl had risen, and was standing,
beautifully poised, looking' at the sea
over the heads of her companions. She
said a few words, then moved off to-
ward the bathhouses.

  “She’s going to bathe,” said Sir
James. “Believe I’ll have a dip myself.
Coming in?”

  “No, thanks. Too late in the season.
I haven’t thawed out yet from yester-
day’s swim, and I've got to run the car
this afternoon.”

  The Englishman rose to his feet and
strode off toward the bathhouses. It
was late in September, and the little
resort was almost deserted. Dallas and
his friend had dropped in en tour on
the motor car belonging to the former.

  In a few moments Sir James came
stalking down the beach, an attractive
masculine combination of fresh, athletic

skin, long, clean muscles, and yellow
hair, his very blue eyes like lapis lazuli
against his brick-red complexion. The
two friends were of markedly different
type, as Dallas was of medium height,
slender, wiry, of a high, nervous ten-
sion, and with the face of a very hand-
some and thoroughbred woman. His
eyes were a clear gray, with lashes very
long and black. No one had ever seen
him thrown out of poise.

  .Sir James stretched his naked limbs
luxuriously upon the hot sand and
looked with cheerful expectation to-
ward the bathhouses.

  “Why don’t you loll out your tongue
and prick up your ears and wag your
tail, James?” snapped Dallas irritably.
“Can’t you decently cloak your emo-
tions ? And I must say you have plenty
of cheek to calmly go in swimming with
that girl.”

  “The Channel is free to all, and why
is a woman made pretty if not to at-
tract the eyes of men? Ah!”

 Dallas looked around and saw the
girl coming down the beach. She was
enveloped in a white peignoir and fol-
lowed by an exceedingly pretty and
smart-looking maid. Her blue-black
hair was tied up in a yellow handker-
chief, and her feet were bare and
beautifully shaped. As she passed her
two companions, the younger man fol-
lowed her with his eyes. The Jew was
writing or making some calculations in
a notebook and did not look up. The
girl threw a quick glance toward Sir
James, which was observed hy her
friend, who scowled.

  “Jealous brute, the cubby-faced beg-
gar,” drawled Sir James. “Did you see
that look? How he’d like to slide a
knife into me for presuming to tub in
the same ocean with the beauty! Oh, I
say, old chap, look at her! Isn’t she
stunning?”

  “She makes the sea look quite dingy,”
Dallas admitted.

  The maid had taken her peignoir, and
A <P<RINCESS OF THE <BALKANS

3

the girl was standing at the water’s
edge, her superb figure cut sharp and
pure against the vivid background of
the sea, ruffled by the strong land breeze
to a deep-toned ultramarine which was
flecked with wisps of snowy spray.
Her arms and legs were bare, and the
rich sunlight lent to the flesh tints
something of its saffron tone. As if
against her will, she glanced back over
her shoulder at Sir James, then gave a
little involuntary toss of her chin, which
caused the two young men to look at
each other with a smile.

  “Then tuck yourself into the water
if you hate so to be admired/' muttered
Dallas, and perhaps his thought reached
the girl, for she waded rapidly down
the steep beach, and, plunging in, began
to .swim seaward. Sir James watched
her, and tugged thoughtfully at his wiry
mustache.

  “I wonder if she knows about the
offshore current,” he said.

  “Don’t worry. She’s bound across
for Ramsgate.”

  There were some women and chil-
dren bathing, and a few people sitting
here and there about the beach. Near
by, a big fishing boat was hauled up,
and a man was calking her seams. Dal-
las observed that he had stopped work
and was watching the girl, who was
swimming steadily seaward. Higher up
on the beach were some other and
larger boats, but the place was an open
roadstead, with no inlet for miles, and
there were no boats in the water.

  “She is getting too far out,” observed
Sir James. “Believe I’ll swim out and
warn her. But you’d better tell her
friends to call her back.”

  He rose lightly to his feet and waded
down the beach. Dallas hailed the two
men who had been with the girl.

  “Beg pardon,” said he, “but I think
you had better warn madame not to
swim so far out. There is a strong off-
shore current at this tide.”

  The big Jew swung sharply about

and stared first at Dallas, then seaward
toward the girl.

  “Sapristi! I believe you,” said he,
and hove himself awkwardly to his feet,
raised both huge hands to his mouth,
and shouted to the girl. She was swim-
ming on her side, and as the hoarse
hail reached her she looked back over
her shoulder, then held steadily on.

  “Tiens!” cried the Jew. "But she
will not come.”

  Again he shouted, and this time the
girl threw up one hand with a mocking
gesture, but held on seaward with her
strong, rhythmic stroke. Sir James had
entered the water and was swimming
after her.

  Dallas looked about him in extreme
vexation. There was probably not a
man in France who was in the habit
of taking as frequent and hazardous
risks as he when on the road with his
big car; and he was also a fearless
hunter of big game and an almost reck-
less cross-country rider. But he was
one of those individuals of nervous
temperament, who, while willing to take
chances themselves, are nevertheless
extremely disturbed at the' sight of
others exposed to danger. Moreover,
he was himself an inlander, a poor
swimmer, and one to whom deep water
represented treachery and danger. He
had never found himself on or in the
water without a certain instinctive
dread.

  “Call her again,” he said almost
sharply. “My friend swam out there
yesterday and had hard work getting
back.”

  The younger man glanced at him
with an almost insolent expression, but
the Jew nodded his big, shaggy head,
then looked doubtfully at Dallas, who
observed that his eyes were very large,
of a muddy brown, and shot with small,
hazel-colored spots.

  “Unfortunately, mademoiselle is of a
very obstinate disposition,” said he.
“She does not like to be told what to
4

THE cPOcP{JLAcft MAGAZINE

do. But she is a very strong swim-
mer.”

  Dallas frowned, then glanced over to
where the fisherman was working at
his boat. As he did so, the man laid
down his calking iron and walked to-
ward the group.

  “Madame has swum out farther than
is safe,” said he, touching his cap. “At
this tide the current is very strong. I
do not believe that madame will be able
to get back.”

  “Then we must shove your boat into
the water,” said Dallas.

 The man shrugged. “I do not be-
lieve that the boat would float, m’sieu,”
he answered. “The calking is all pulled
out of her seams, and the water would
run in very fast. Besides this, the oars
and sail are in my cabin, up on the top
of the cliffs.”

  The big Jew scowled, then looked
anxiously seaward. By this time the
girl was over three hundred yards from
the beach and swimming straight out,
quite unconscious of the strong current
on which she was borne—for the splash
of the water about her had prevented
her hearing what had been shouted.
One hundred yards in her wake, Sir
James was plowing along in an effort
to overtake her.

  The Jew puffed out his cheeks, and
stared at Dallas in doubt and perplexity.

  “This is very bad,” said he. “These
silly women! Is your friend a strong
swimmer?”

  “Yes,” answered Dallas; “but for all
that, he had his work cut out for him
yesterday, and to-day there is an off-
shore breeze which will blow the water
in their faces when they turn.”

  “Then,” said the Jew suddenly, “leak
or no leak, we must get that tub in the
water. Let us go and look at her.”
Followed by the American, he strode
over to the clumsy fishing boat, which
was shored up on her beam ends. As
the fisherman had said, the oakum had
been ripped from her gaping seams.

  “Is there no other boat fit to take
the water?” asked the Jew in his harsh,
raucous voice.

  “None except these others, m’sieu,”
answered the fisherman; “but they are
very large and heavy, and it would re-
quire at least eight men to launch one.”
“Then,” said the Jew, “'go as quickly
as you can and get more men. For
we must have one of the boats.
Sapristi! Why will these women insist
on being so contrary?”

  The fisherman set off, and Dallas and
the Jew stood watching the swimmers
with deep anxiety. The handkerchief
about the head of the girl had become
a mere speck of yellow. Sir Janies had
nearly reached her, and as they looked
they saw that both swimmers had
turned, and were facing the shore.
Then presently the two heads ap-
proached more nearly together.

  For five minutes they watched in
silence, then the Jew looked at Dallas
and shook his head.

  “They are losing ground,” said he.
“Every minute they are being carried
farther out.”

  As he spoke, both saw the yellow
handkerchief flutter violently, waving
back and forth.

  “Tiens!” cried the Jew. “They are
in trouble! That water is like ice!
Perhaps one of them has been seized
by a cramp. Come, my friend, we
cannot wait for the men. We must
get this tub in the water.”

  “But she will not float!” cried Dallas.
“Sapristi! But she will have to float.
I will paddle, and you and the prince
can bail.”

  “The prince?”

  “Yes. My friend is the Prince Emi-
lio of Rascia. The lady is his cousin.
I”—he threw out his big chest—“am
the Baron Isidor Rosenthal. Come, we
have no time to lose. Let us right this
tub and run her down the beach.”

  He gripped the gunwale in his power-
/? ‘PRINCESS OF THE <B/ILK/INS

5

ful hands, then kicked out the shores,
and with a strong thrust rolled the boat
onto her keel. As the beach was very
steep and composed of a shingle of
round, smooth cobbles, the launching of
the boat, heavy as she was, did not pre-
sent much difficulty.

  Rosenthal picked up a plank and
flung it upon the thwart, then called to
his companion:

  “Your highness must help. There is
no time to lose.”

  There was an imperative note in the
harsh voice which permitted of no ques-
tion. The prince got up, walked over
sulkily, and laid hold of the gunwale
opposite Dallas.

  “Now, all together!" cried the Jew,
and put out his herculean strength,
which was far greater than that of the
other two men combined. Once started,
they ran the heavy boat down the steep
beach to the water’s edge. Here they
paused for breath, and Dallas, looking
seaward, was startled to find that the
heads of the swimmers had almost dis-
appeared.

  “We must wade out with her,”
panted the Jew. “Come!”

  Staggering forward, splashing thigh
deep in the water, they soon had the
boat afloat, and Dallas, looking inside
her, saw the water spouting in through
the open seams.

  “Ach!” cried the Jew. “But this
thing is like a grating. We must be
quick, or she will sink before we reach
them.” He looked at Dallas and
grinned. His bushy black eyebrows
were pushed up at their outer corners,
and his heavy mustache was lifted, bar-
ing his big yellow fangs.

  “Peste! We shall all be in the water
directly—and I cannot swim. Ugh! I
have never liked water”—he made a
grimace—“except in wine. But it does
not matter; there is lumber enough ifi
the tub to float the lot of us until we
are picked up.” He leaped aboard, and
Dallas, rather pale, and with lips com-

pressed, followed him, and, picking up
a bucket, began rapidly to bail.

  “Come, lend a hand!” he snapped to
the prince. “There is a pan in the
stern.”

  But the prince took several back-
ward steps up the beach. “Thank you,”
said he in a guttural voice, “but I am
not such a fool as to go to sea in a boat
like that.”

  “But you must!” cried the Jew.
“There is the Lady Thalia.”

  The prince shrugged. “It is her own
fault,” said he; then, turning on his
heel, walked away.

  “Cowardly little beast!” growled Dal-
las. “Nevermind. Shove off!”

  Rosenthal picked up the heavy plank,
thrust the boat ahead until the water
had deepened; then, seating himself in
the stern, began to paddle with long
and powerful strokes. Dallas, looking
up as he bailed, saw that the Jew was
chuckling to himself.

  “Ridiculous, my friend, is it not?”
growled Rosenthal, without desisting
from his tremendous effort. “Ha, ha,
ha!” He barked like a hoarse alligator.
“Can you swim?”

  “Not in my clothes,” answered Dal-
las, who was bailing furiously in an
effort to reduce the volume of water
before the next open seam should be
submerged. “Your Prince Emilio is a
filthy little coward, but you are the right
sort.”

  “I!” cried the Jew. “But I am a
fool, an imbecile ! Listen, my friend:
if the lady were to drown, I should be
the gainer by forty thousand pounds!”
He chuckled.

  “What?”

  “Yes!” cried Rosenthal, paddling
with even greater vigor. “Sapristi, but
this tub is hard to move! Yes, I have
sunk forty thousand pounds in silver
mines in their accursed country, and
now I cannot work them because the
Lady Thalia is in the way. It is a long
story. If she would marry the prince,
6

THE VOVULAtR MAGAZINE

it would be all right, or if she would
drown, it would be all right.” He in-
creased his efforts until the veins stood
out in double cords upon his swarthy
forehead.

  “If that is true/’ answered Dallas,
bailing rapidly, “I am rather proud to
be in the same sinking tub with you.”

 _ “Sapristi! You flatter me. But I am
that kind of a fool. I want to get my
money, of course, but one cannot let
people drown for the sake of a filthy
forty thousand pounds.”

  They toiled away in silence. Driven
by the strong offshore wind and Rosen-
thal's tireless paddling, the boat moved
steadily through the water. Glancing
ahead, Dallas saw that the swimmers
were nearer. Despite his efforts, the
water in the boat was gaining on him,
and he wondered how much longer they
could keep afloat. He looked shore-
ward ; there was a knot of people gath-
ered on the beach, but he saw no sign
of the fisherman returning. Then he
glanced at his huge shipmate; the Jew's
yellow teeth were bared as they clenched
his nether lip; his big nostrils were
dilated, and his face congested. Merely
to wield the heavy plank which he
gripped in his thick, bejeweled fingers
would have been a feat of strength for
the ordinary man, but Rosenthal was
getting a powerful shove on the water
with every stroke. Moreover, he was
constantly shifting his paddle from one
side to the other, giving Dallas a
shower bath each time that he swung
it over his head. The young man ob-
served how the huge deltoids bulged
the shoulders of the Jew’s serge coat,
and presently the seams ripped under
the strain. But the paddling went on
with the unabating rhythm of a ma-
chine, nor was there any symptom of
fatigue.

  As they drew near to the swimmers,
Dallas discovered, first to his relief,
then to his irritation, that they were
paddling along easily and comfortably,

and that Sir James was making an
effort at conversation. He looked at
Rosenthal, who grinned.

  “So!” said the Jew. “They seem to
be quite comfortable.”

  As the boat reached them, the two
swimmers laid hold of the gunwale.
With a muscular effort of his strong
arms, Sir James hove himself aboard;
then, turning, took the girl by both
wrists and lifted her out of the water
and onto one of the thwarts, where she
sat like a lovely mermaid, her bare
arms flashing and her legs hanging over
the side.

  “I say,” exclaimed the Englishman,
“have you no oars?”

  “No,” snapped Dallas; “and you had
better get hold of that basin and throw
the water out, or we’ll have no boat,
either.”

  The girl glanced sharply at his face,
then dropped her head and stared into
the sea. Rosenthal had laid down his
paddle and was opening and shutting
his cramped fingers. Then, taking a
penknife from his pocket, he slashed
off a piece of rope from the painter,
quickly unlaid it, and began to force
the rope yarn into an open seam.

  “If you will help with the bailing,
mademoiselle,” said he, “and you”—
he glanced at Dallas—“will help me to
calk, we may be able to keep our ship
afloat.”

  For several minutes the four worked
rapidly and in silence, Dallas and
Rosenthal plugging the open seams,
while the girl and Sir James bailed.
The Jew’s suggestion proved an excel-
lent one, as the seams of the lower
strakes had already been calked and the
water was coming in through the higher
ones, which were within reach. It
soon became apparent that they were
gaining rapidly upon the leak. But the
boat had by this time drifted over a
mile from the shore, the wind was
freshening, and there was no sign of
any one coming to their rescue. When
A ‘FRINCBSS OF THE <BALKANS

7

the level of the water became only
ankle-deep, Dallas took the basin from
the girl's hand, then slipped off his coat.

  “Put this on, mademoiselle,” said he.
“The breeze is chilly.”

  She made a little gesture of dissent.

  “Put it on, put it on!” said Dallas,
with a touch of impatience. “One
might as well drown as catch pneu-
monia.”

  Again the girl’s eyes turned on him
with their searching, curious look.
Dallas noticed that they were of a deep
amber color and marvelously clear. He
also observed that they held in them-
selves as much expression as one finds
in the sum of all the features of most
people.

  Almost with brusqueness he held out
the coat for the girl to put on.

  “Come!” said he, giving the garment
an impatient twitch. Again her eyes
flashed up at his, this time with an
expression of resentment. But some
quality in the cool gray ones of the
man caused them to drop instantly.
With a muttered word of acknowledg-
ment, the girl slipped her round white
arms into the sleeves. Dallas, his man-
ner that of a kind but rather impatient
nurse, buttoned the garment snugly to
her soft throat, then gave a little twitch,
drawing the skirt over the bare knees.

  “Now you had better bail a little,”
he said, “not hard, but enough to keep
you from getting chilled.”

  Sir James had stopped his bailing,
and was working at the open seam.
The wind was freshening and carried
a certain sharpness which was soon felt
by the Englishman, after his long swim
in the cold water of the Channel.

  “I s-s-say,” he began, “you m-m-
might have b-b-brought our clothes.”

  Rosenthal pulled off his coat, and
handed it to him.

  “Put this on,” said he. “When we
came after you, we were thinking less
of your comfort than of your safety.
Besides, it looked as if we should all

be in the water before many minutes,
and no doubt we should have been but

for the quick work of Mr.-” He

looked inquiringly at Dallas.

  “I am Stephen Dallas,” said the
young man. “My friend is Sir James
Fenwick.”

  The big Jew lifted his hat with a
flourish.

  “Permit me to thank you both,” said
he, “for the service which you have
rendered to the Lady Thalia—of Nov-
ibazar,” he added as if in afterthought.
“I”—he rose awkwardly to his feet,
placing four fingers on his bulging
chest—“am the Baron Isidor Rosenthal,
of Hayti and Buda-Pesth,” x

  “Ch-ch-chawmed,” chattered Sir
James. Dallas compromised with a
brief nod.

  “Is Prince Emilio also of Noviba-
zar?” he asked. There was an intona-
tion in his voice which caused the girl
again to glance at him sharply. Her
clear eyes slightly contracted.

  “Yes—unfortunately,” she answered
in a low, throaty voice.

  “I quite agree with you,” snapped
Dallas. Sir James glanced at his friend
in surprise.

  “Oh, c-c-come, Stephen,” said he,
“You are not very p-p-polite.”

“I don’t mean to be. The prince de-
clined to come to the assistance of Lady
Thalia. We needed him to help bail.”
“N-n-no! Really?” Sir James
stared.

 There was a moment of awkward
silence.

“Please pardon my ignorance,” said
Dallas, “but just where is Novibazar?”
“Ig-ig-ignoramus!” shivered Sir
James. The girl slightly raised her
pretty chin.

  “Well, then,” snapped Dallas, “where
is it, if you know so much about it?”
“It is n-n-near”—Sir James glanced
critically at the girl, in a violent effort
to guess at her parent stock—“n-n-near
Austria.”
8

THE tPOcpULAcR MAGAZINE

  “Humph!” grunted Dallas. “So are
Italy and Switzerland and Germany and
Russia and the Balkan Peninsula.”
"Sapristi! But I can tell you where
it is,” growled Rosenthal. “It is a
handful of hills between Servia and
Bosnia, that is owned by Turkey and
governed by Austria, and it is full of
holes where I have buried forty thou-
sand pounds.”

  “And where we Albanians,” cried
the girl fiercely, “have buried forty
thousand warriors—and more !”

  “Ah!” said Sir James. “Then you
are Alba-ba-banian ?”

  “Yes.” The girl spoke a soft but
strongly accented English. “I am Al-
banian.” She drew herself up with
as much dignity as was possible for
a lady sitting with her bare legs cud-
dled under her, and buttoned up in a
man’s serge coat. “I am Albanian, or
Shkipetari, as we say. Our blood is
the purest in Europe. We are the
direct descendants of the ancient Il-
lyrians. We should be to-day an inde-
pendent state if it were not for cow-
ards like Emilio and”—she tossed her
head—“Jew adventurers.”

  “Permit me to remind you of the
fact,” said Dallas severely, “that you,
personally, would be paddling around
the English Channel if it were not for
Baron Rosenthal, who, although he
cannot swim, embarked to your rescue
in a leaky, open boat, with neither oars
^nor sail.”

   For an instant the girl stared; then
 she leaped to her feet and stood with
 the water swirling about her pretty
 ankles. A sudden flush had risen un-
 der the pallor of her fair skin, and her
 eyes were sparkling with anger.

  “I will not be spoken to in that
way!” she cried. “Nor will I be under
obligation either to Baron Rosenthal
or yourself. I did not ask you to res-
cue me.” She slipped off Dallas’ coat,
and stood for an instant with her su-

 perb figure straight and poised as if to
 plunge over the side and into the sea.

  “Sit down, mademoiselle!” said Dal-
las sharply. “There is no use in mak-
ing things any more complicated.”
“B-b-brute!” shivered Sir James.
“D-d-don’t notice him, Lady Th-Th-
Thalia. Or, if you 1-1-Iike, jump in
again, and I will g-g-go with you.”

  The girl turned and glanced at him.
More color rushed into her face, and
her lips began to twitch. Then she
turned toward Rosenthal and smiled.

  “Mr. Dallas is right,” she said. “I
am sorry, Rosenthal.”

  “It is nothing,” said the baron. “We
Jews are accustomed to such remarks.
Come, children, let us stop squabbling.”
The girl reseated herself, on the
thwart, and Dallas, a little ashamed of
himself, picked up the coat and turned
to the girl.

  “I am sorry I was rude,” said he.
“Won’t you please put this on again?”
She gave him a forgiving smile, and
slipped into his coat.

  “You must not judge the Lady Tha-
lia from her Cousin Emilio,” said
Rosenthal. “The prince is of quite
different stock. He is a Serb, and con-
nected with mademoiselle only by mar-
riage. His title is merely one of cour-
tesy, because he is descended from a
line of feudal chiefs.”

  “We have no titles which correspond
to yours in England,” said the girl, “but
many of them are just as old.”

  “Myself,” said Rosenthal, “I am a
papal baron.”

  “A p-p-papal baron!” cried Sir
James.

  “Yes,” replied the Jew, “and with
good right. Sapristi! But with very
good right! My title was conferred
upon me by the pope himself because
I prevented the massacre of a whole
Christian community by a swarm of
Moslem fanatics. It cost me a thou-
sand Turkish pounds—and a bullet in
the ribs.”
A ‘PRINCESS OF THE <BALKANS

9

  “G-g-good for you!” cried Sir James
as heartily as his congealed condition
would permit.

  “Here comes a boat!” cried the Lady
Thalia.

  All four looked back toward the dis-
tant shore, where they saw a brown sail
fluttering in the breeze. Directly it bel-
lied out, and a few minutes later a
heavy fishing boat came foaming up
and rounded to alongside.

  The castaways quickly transshipped,
when their own leaky vessel was
boarded by two of the fishermen, who
stepped the mast, and both vessels
started to beat back toward the beach.

CHAPTER II.

  That night, as Dallas was smoking
a final cigar on the terrace of the little
hotel, he was joined by Sir James, who
had quite recovered from his immer-
sion.

  “I have been walking on the beach
with the Lady Thalia,” said the Eng-
lishman cheerfully.

  “So I observed,” answered Dallas.
“Your philandering was likewise noted
by Rosenthal and the prince. The
former laughed, but the latter appeared
to be displeased.”

  “The beastly little rotter! He would
have been even less pleased if he had
known what the princess was telling
me.”

  “The result of which is, I presume,
that you have decided to elope, and
wish me to lend you the car.”

 “Right-o!” answered Sir James
cheerfully. “But that is not all. We
look upon you personally to conduct the
elopement.”

  “Well,” replied Dallas shortly, “I
won’t.”

  “Don’t be pig-headed, Stephen. The
Lady Thalia is an exceedingly clever
and attractive girl. She has honored
me by her confidence.”'

  Dallas grunted.

  “The whole situation,” said Sir
James, “is very interesting. It appears
that the kingdom of Servia wants to
annex this sanjak, or district, which
is known as Novibazar, and which be-
longs to Turkey, although by the
Treaty of Berlin in 1878 it came under
the administrative control of Austria-
Hungary, together with Bosnia and
Herzegovina. Now, the Prince Emilio,
backed by Rosenthal, who is half wolf,
half fox, is intriguing with the Servian
government, and the Lady Thalia has
discovered a plot by which they intend
to stir up a frontier war with Servia,
which will give that country a good
excuse for grabbing Novibazar. There
is reason to believe that Austria will
not be sorry to see it exchange Turkish
ownership for Servian.”

  “What does the prince get out of
it?”

  “He is to receive a lump- sum of
money and a governorship which will
permit him to squeeze the people even
tighter than he has already, while Ro-
senthal is to get certain concessions to
work his silver mines.”

  “And the Lady Thalia?”

  “Ah, there’s the hitch. The prince’s
people are all south Slavonic Serbs and
precisely the same breed as the Servians
themselves. They can’t be made to see
the sense of fighting with Servia, which
is quite natural, as all of their warfare
from time immemorial has beeri against
the Turks and with the Lady Thalia’s
Shkipetari. So what the prince and
Rosenthal are trying to do is to per-
suade the girl to incite her people to
start a ruction on the Servian frontier.”
“And she won’t do it?”

  “No, she’s far too clever. The girl
is really patriotic; she hates Servia like
poison, and so do her people, who
are mostly Mohammedans, while the
prince's crowd, like the Servians, pro-
fess Christianity. But the Lady Tha-
lia is intelligent enough to see how'
much her country has advanced under
10

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

Austrian rule, and now she strongly
favors the annexation of Novibazar by
Austria-Hungary. She says that she
has positive information that Bulgaria
is shortly going to assert her own in-
dependence, and that when this happens
Austria will grab Bosnia and Herzego-
vina, and she wants Novibazar to be
included in the annexation.”

  “How does she hope to bring this
about ?”

  “Merely by keeping her people quiet
until Bulgaria effects her coup d’etat.
Her Shkipetari are forever flaying
Emilio’s Serbs, and what Thalia wants
to do now is to get out there and per-
suade the chieftains of the clans to
keep the peace for another $ix months.
You see, failing to persuade her to as-
sist in their plans, Emilio might try to
stir up a fight between his faction and
hers, and as the fighting would be along
the Servian frontier, even that might
give Servia a pretext for interference,
although it is really Turkey’s job.”
“You make my head swim,” said
Dallas. “But if the princess is so anx-
ious to hold in her hairy mountaineers,
what is she doing here in France?”
“Ah, now here we come to another
complication. Did you notice that very
pretty maid who took the girl’s peignoir
when she went into the water?”

  “I did.”

  Sir James leaned toward his friend,
and dropped his voice: “She is the
Countess Rubitzki!”

  “Indeed! It struck me that she was
rather classy for a maid. And who is
the Countess Rubitzki ? Upon my
word, I feel very common in this
crowd!”

  “She is Polish, and all her family are
rampant nihilists. They have been
mixed up in bloodthirsty plots to
slaughter every monarch in Europe—
and she herself has been more or less
implicated.”

  “Really? A nice young person to be
trailing around with your inamorata!”

  “The Lady Thalia met her a good
many years ago in Pesth, and they have
always been bosom friends. Just now
her father and brother are in hiding,
and there are extradition papers for
the whole lot in almost every country
in Europe. When the chase got too
warm the countess went to Thalia in
Paris, and since then has been living
with her, disguised as her maid. The
two have been spending the summer in
a. quiet little place in Normandy, where
the prince and Rosenthal discovered
them. Rosenthal immediately recog-
nized the countess, and is now using
this knowledge to coerce the Lady Tha-
lia. The poor girl is at her wits’ end.
They have tried twice to give Rosen-
thal the slip, but the big Jew seems
to have second-sight. What she wants
to do now is to run away and get back
to Novibazar.”

  “I see. And she has persuaded you
to take the oath of allegiance and help
her carry out her plans.”

  “Quite so,” replied Sir James calmly.
“I have taken it for both of us.”

  “For me, too? How kind of you!”
“Don’t be disagreeable, Stephen. It
will be no end of a lark! And just
think of those two lovely girls hounded
about from place to place by these two
semicivilized bounders!”

  “Are you trying to make me cry?”
“All it means,” said Sir James, ig-
noring the irony of his friend, “is a
night run to Paris. Once there, they
will want to keep out of sight for a
few days, so I told her that you would
no doubt be very glad to put your apart-
ment at their disposal. You can come
and stop with me at the studio.”
“Infatuated insular ass!” was the
polite comment of the American.

 “Um—ah!” Sir James spun his
monocle about his finger. “If you
really must be nasty about it, old chap,
I will give them the studio, and go and
stop with you.”

  “Are you sure that you would be
A £PCRINCESS OF THE BALKANS

II

comfortable, James?” inquired Dallas
solicitously.

  “It would be only for a day or two.
Then we can take your car and the
two girls and make a run for Fiume,
via Switzerland, the Simplon, and Ven-
ice. At Fiume we would get a steamer
for Cettinje, and then overland for—
for—what the deuce is the name of that
blooming country?”

  “Novibazar. Oh, this is so sudden!”
“We will start,” said Sir James plac-
idly, “to-night. Rosenthal and the
prince have retired. As soon as you
can get your car ready, the gargon will
bring down the ladies’ things. I have
arranged everything. All that you have
got to do is to drive the car.”

  “And pay the bills.”

  “Don’t be vulgar, Stephen. You
have often complained to me about hav-
ing had to lie awake nights worrying
over what to do with your surplus in-
come. Really, old chap, you astonish
me!”

  “I beg your pardon. Pray go on.”
“It can’t be much over two hundred
kilometers to Paris from this place.
Fact is, nothing could be jollier than
a fast run on a lovely moonlight night
like this.”

  “Unless, perhaps, to feel that we
were performing a disinterested and
unselfish act,” said Dallas in his dryest
voice.

  “Jus’ so!” agreed Sir James, with his
usual cheer.

  Dallas lit a cigarette, and blew the
smoke meditatively upward.

  “Look here, James,” said he, “this
all sounds like a lovely lark, I’ll admit.
The ladies are very pretty, and the
prince a miserable coward, but I rather
like old Rosenthal, and hate to play
him a scurvy trick. Besides, the whole
affair is distinctively none of our busi-
ness.”

  “Ah, but you forget, old chap, that
I’ve already agreed for you. You see,
you’re pledged—in a manner of speak-

ing. Why, bless my soul, those two
girls are packing up their things now!”
Dallas sighed deeply, then turned to
his friend with an air of weary resig-
nation.

  “Oh, very well; then come on, Don
Quixote. I’il run them as far as Paris.
But I’ll be hanged if I’ll give up my
apartment. Tell Armand to get the car
ready at once; I will go up and pack.”
A few minutes later, as the two
friends walked across the court to
where the big, high-powered car was
garaged, they were met by Dallas’
mecanicien, an alert, intelligent French
youth.

  “Do not strike a match, messieurs,”
said he in a low voice. “Some careless
idiot has upset a bid on of essence, and
the place is flooded.”

  “I should say it was,” growled Dal-
las, sniffing the reek of petrol. “Who
did that?”

  “It must have been the chauffeur of ,
the prince,” said the man. “We had
better push the car out of the court
before starting the motor or lighting
the lamps. The gargon will lend us a
hand.”

  Very quietly the four men rolled the
big car out upon the road. A full moon
was blazing down from the zenith, and
the sea lay sparkling and flashing in its
brilliant light.

  “I wonder,” whispered Dallas, “what
the fellow was doing with essence at
this time of night.”

  Nobody answered, and a moment
later two figures, closely veiled and
followed by the gargon carrying two
big valises, emerged from the back door
of the inn and approached the car.
Dallas, who had seated himself and
was examining his levers, merely
touched his cap. Sir James stepped
forward and helped the ladies into the
tonneau, where he proceeded to tuck
them up with great care. Glancing over
his shoulder, Dallas observed the face
of the countess, and was struck by its
12

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

singular beauty and the classic purity
of feature.

  “Nihilist—rubbish!” he thought to
himself. “She looks more like a school-
girl. Can’t be more than twenty at the
outside.” He leaned forward and ad-
dressed his mecanicien. “Crank the
motor and get in,” said he. “We will
stop down the road to light the lamps.”
The man obeyed. The hotel menials,
who saw in the whole performance
merely an adventure of gallantry,
stepped back and touched their caps.
Sir James took the seat at Dallas’ side,
and the mecanicien seated himself upon
the floor. Dallas let in the clutch, and
they glided out upon the gleaming road.

 A kilometer from the hotel he
brought the car to a stop.

  “Light up,” said he to the mecani-
cien; then, twisting about in his seat,
looked at the Lady Thalia and smiled.

  “Now, just where is it that you wish
me to take you?” he asked dryly.
“What particular part of Novibazar?”
Through her chiffon veil, he caught
the answering gleam of the girl’s white
teeth.

  “Dakabar, if you please,” she an-
swered, without a moment’s hesitation.
“That is up on a plateau of the north
Albanian Alps.”

  “Precisely. Perhaps we had better
stop for a bite in Paris, then dejeuner
at Munich, and dinner at Buda-Pesth.
From there on, it will be a nice moon-
light spin across the plains of Hungary
to Belgrade.”

  The two girls laughed, the Lady
Thalia in her throaty, low-pitched con-
tralto, and her companion in a deli-
ciously clear and contagious higher
note. Dallas observed that when she
laughed she threw back her head, her
very blue eyes—which looked black in
the moonlight—almost closed, and her
pretty lips curved upward like the
mouth of a bacchante.

  “I have not yet presented you to my
fellow prisoner,” said the Lady Thalia.

“Countess Rubitzki, Mr. Dallas, and
Sir James Fenwick.”

  The two men bowed.

  “For the next three kilometers, .until
we strike the big Dieppe-Paris route,”
said Dallas, “the road is a bit rough.
I hope,” he continued, looking at the
countess with mock anxiety, “that
Countess Rubitzki does not happen to
have any—er—bombs among her per-
sonal effects.”	,

  The Polish lady elevated her pretty
nose, the classic character of which
was slightly marred, or improved, ac-
cording to the taste of the observer,
by the suspicion of a tilt. Her rather
wide mouth—Anglo-Saxon in its firm-
ness, though Oriental in its softer sen-
sibilities—became a trifle haughty.

  “If monsieur is afraid,” said she,
“he had better take me back to the
hotel. There are a great many things
more dangerous than bombs.”

  “I well believe you,” said Dallas.
“My word, I don’t see why you should
need to bother with explosives! I am
sure no sovereign would refuse to ab-
dicate if you were to ask him real
prettily to do so. Tell me, are you
really blacklisted?”

  “So Rosenthal has told us,” said the
Lady Thalia.

  “Never you mind,” said Sir James
comfortingly. “Once out in the Bal-
kans, you can lie doggo for a few
months, and the whole thing will blow
over. Then you can promise to be
good, and we will see what we can do.”
The mecanicien had lit the lamps,
and the powerful reflectors were rival-
ing the moonlight in their vivid twin
beams.

  “Everything is ready, m’sieu,” said
the man, wiping his hands.

  “Very well,” said Dallas. “Get in!”
He started ahead, and the conversation
was for the moment interrupted.

  Proceeding at as fast a pace as the
character of the road would permit,
they presently turned into the big Paris-
A tptRlNCESS OF THE ^BALKANS

13

Dieppe highway, where Dallas began
to raise his speed until presently the
monster bearing them appeared to be
rushing through the shimmering night
like a planet torn from its orbit. On
either side the tall poplar trunks tore
past, like the palings of a fence, while
the gleaming road before them sug-
gested a broad band of flashing white
ribbon which was being flicked into the
wheels as a tape snaps into the roll of
the tape measure. Higher mounted the
speed, and still higher; the route was
perfect, free of traffic, and brilliantly
lighted, while the damp night air
seemed to combine with the fuel to give
the highest explosive power in the six
smoothly running cylinders.

  Neither of the women in the tonneau
had ever experienced such speed, which,
terrific as it was, became still more in-
tensified by the vague illusiveness of
their moonlit surroundings. Breathless
and giddy, they clung to the sides of
the tonneau as the flying car tore up
the short kilometers and flung them
astern. Dallas, a brilliant driver and
a hopeless “speed maniac,” was begin-
ning to feel the deep, encompassing re-
pose of soul with which such a pace
always enveloped his nervous disposi-
tion, and Sir James was mentally con-
jecturing on which particular star he
would strike should anything go wrong,
when suddenly the tense, vibrant hum
of the spinning mechanism began to
drop in tone. Deeper and deeper it
grew; the fierce bufferings of air di-
minished in their force. Dallas
squirmed in his seat, and turned a star-
tled face to his mecanicien, who flashed
his pocket lamp upon the oil cups.
Then, as they were breasting a gentle
slope, the cylinders began to miss, the
nfotor stopped, the terrific momentum
was quickly lost, the car slowed, ar-
rested its wild course with a whine of
entreaty when Dallas flung on his
brakes and sat in speechless anger, star-
ing at his man.

CHAPTER III.

 “Nom de Dieu!” gasped Dallas.
“No essence!”

  “Impossible, m’sieu!” cried the
mecanicien. “I filled the tanks this
afternoon.”

 “Then there must be a leak,”
snarled Dallas, pale and furious. “It
was the escaping essence which we
smelled in the garage.”

  “That cannot be, m’sieu. The tank
and piping are new. The essence in
the garage came from an overturned
bidon. I found it myself, still with

the essence-”

  “Then what the devil is it? I tell
you that there is no essence!”

  He leaped down upon the road; Sir
James did likewise, and the mecanicien
produced a measure. A hasty exami-
nation showed that the tank was empty.

  “It is just as I said,” snarled Dallas,
furious more at the sudden and unex-
pected relaxation from his high, nerv-
ous exhilaration than at the predica-
ment in which they found themslves.
“Get out of the way!” He himself ex-
amined the drip cock before the meca-
nicien could touch it. The tap was
firmly closed.

  “Then it must be a leak,” he growled.
“Impossible, m’sieu,” protested the
unhappy man.

  “Then what is it?”

  The mecanicien pulled off his cap and
scratched his head. His birdlike face
betrayed a growing suspicion.

“If some one at the hotel could have

stolen our essence-” he began, then

broke out explosively: “But the garage
was locked! No one could have got
in but that camel of a chauffeur of
the prince.”

 “Urn! Ah!” observed Sir James
pensively. Dallas’ face was torn be-
tween rage and doubt.

  “I have heard of such things,” he
muttered. “What sort of a pig was
he, Armand?”
14

THE cPO<PUL/icR MAGAZINE

  “I think that he was Hungarian,
m’sieu, and a big, ugly brute of a fel-
low. He was not at all amiable.”

  “What a beastly low trick,” said Sir
James calmly, “to leave us stranded for
a few francs’ worth of petrol!”

  Dallas compressed his lips and held
his peace. He was far too enraged to
express himself appropriately with
ladies in the tonneau. The latter had
made no comment, but sat awaiting de-
velopments in the bewildered silence
peculiar to passengers when things go
wrong with the motor.

  They had stopped on a deserted sec-
tion of the road, so far as one could
discover. Across the bleak, rolling hills
a light or two sparkled from some
farmhouse, but there was no sign of
town or village. Although they were
on the highway, it was very possible
that they might have to wait for some
time before another motor car should
pass, as in France automobiling at night
is not the popular pastime it is in Amer-
ica, where so many men are engaged
in business affairs throughout the day.

  In the glare of the lamps, Dallas
consulted his road map, and discovered
that there was a village about three
kilometers ahead of them. He turned
to his mecanicien.

  “You will have to walk to this place,
Saint Croix, Armand,” said he. “You
will certainly find petrol there. Get
a few bidons, and then secure a car-
riage and return as quickly as you can.
If a car arrives in the meantime, we
will try to borrow enough to go after
you.”

  The mecanicien hurried off, and Dal-
las turned to the ladies.

  “This is very annoying,” said he, “but
it ought not to delay us for very long.
It looks as if some scoundrel, possibly
that animal of the Prince Emilio, has
stolen our petrol. It seems to be my
unfortunate destiny to try to rescue the
Lady Thalia in boats without oars and
motor cars without fuel.”

  “It is not your fault,” replied the
girl. “The night is lovely, and we are
so happy to have made our escape from
Emilio and that dreadful Rosenthal
that the delay does not matter. I am
only sorry to make you so much trou-
ble.”

  “The moonlight is delicious,” mur-
mured the Polish lady, who had pushed
up her lunettes.

  “I say,” observed Sir James, who,
being young and British, turned natu-
rally to physical effort as a means of
killing time, “wouldn’t you like to get
out and stretch your—um—ah—take a
little stroll ?”

  “Yes,” said Dallas, with irony;
“you’ve had no exercise to-day, barring
an hour's swim and shifting half the
water in the Channel.”

  “Nevertheless,” said the Lady Tha-
lia, “I should love a little walk.”

  “And I,” said the countess, “a ciga-
rette.”

  Sir James threw open the door of
the tonneau, and handed out the Lady
Thalia as if she had been a creation
of moon webs and spun glass.

  “We will walk down the road a bit,
Stephen,” said he. “If anything hap-
pens, blow your horn.”

  Dallas grunted, and, pulling out his
cigarette case, offered it to the countess,
then struck a match, and was forced to
admire the glow of the flame against
the girl’s fresh, lovely features. She
threw back her head, and blew the
smoke slowly into the face of the out-
raged moon.

  “Tell me,” said she, “do you really
mean to take us all the way to Tur-
key ?”

  “Turkey!”

  “Yes, Novibazar—that is a Turkish
sanjak, you know, although under
Austrian administration.”

  “I didn’t know. Do you want me
to take you there?” He leaned both
elbows on the rim of the tonneau, and
looked at her curiously.
A <PCRINCBSS OF THE <BALKANS

15

  “Of course we want you to; but I
don’t know of any reason why you
should.”

  “Nor I,” said Dallas, with an utter
absence of undue gallantry. “But, I
can think of a good many why I should
not.”

  The countess laughed, and glanced
at him from under the corners of her
long, dark eyelashes.

  “All this is Sir James’ doing, is it
not?” she asked.

  “Entirely. I am merely the deus ex
ma china

  “What is that?”

  “At present, a helpless god; let us
say, Cupid with his wings clipped.”
“You hate to stop on the road, do
you not?”

  “Yes, don’t you ?”

  “N-no.”

  “Excuse me. But, you see, when I
start to do a thing, I like to finish it
without a break. Don’t you?”

  “Yes. But then, you see, I was not
doing anything—except being fright-
ened nearly to death.”

  “At what, pray?”

  “The speed. You are a very daring
driver, Mr. Dallas. One feels utter
confidence, but at the same time the
mere pace is terrifying.”

  “But a nihilist should not be fright-
ened at anything.”

  “Zut!” The countess struck the side
of the car sharply with her small hand.
“But I am not really a nihilist, Mr.
Dallas; I am merely the victim of cir-
cumstance. Really, I would rather be
killed myself than to hurt any living
thing.”

  There was an earnest note in the
girl’s voice that caused Dallas to glance
at her keenly.

 “Then why-”

  “Because—oh, I could never make
you understand.”

  “Try,” said Dallas gently.

  “It's difficult. You are American.

I am Polish. You grew up in an at-
mosphere of liberty in thought and
speech and action, and I in one of op-
pression. I was taught that the assas-
sination of despots was fine and noble.
All my family lived in a mesh of in-
trigue, and some”—her breath came
quickly—“have paid the penalty. But
when I grew older I began to feel that
it was all so cruel. I am weak, per-
haps, but I cannot plot to kill people!”
Her voice grew plaintive. “I do not
want suffering, nor to cause it. I want
sunshine and flowers and sweetness

and-”

  “And love,” said Dallas quietly.

  The countess looked up at the moon.
“Perhaps. I don’t know much about
the latter, but it sounds rather nice.”
She laughed.

  Dallas regarded her thoughtfully.
“You have about as much right to be
a nihilist as I have,” said he in his dry
voice. “What you really need is a hus-
band, and, in the course of time, a—-
ahem—family. Then you would not
have time to think of blowing anybody
up, unless it were the cook, and you
couldn’t do that or she’d leave. Tell
me, if you were to get out of this mess,
would you cut the whole thing for the
future?”

  “Yes,” whispered the countess.
  “Promise ?”

  “Oh, yes. But why?”

  “Because, if you’ll promise, I will
agree to see you safely to Novibazar.”
“Mr. Dallas!”

  “Yes. You are much too nice to be
mixed up with a bloodthirsty gang of
murderers or to be in the clutches of
men like the prince and Rosenthal.”
The countess dropped her hand upon
his arm as it rested on the rim of the
tonneau. Her eyes looked deep into
his, and something in their expression,
or perhaps it was the magic of her
touch, sent a thrill through the young
man. Dallas could be outwardly as
unmoved as an Iroquois when his
16

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

whole, sensitive inner nature was warm
with the impulse of the moment.

  “That is very sweet of you,” said
the girl softly, “but it is asking far too
much!”

  “You haven’t asked it. It was
James. We will say that it is for the
sake of the Lady Thalia.”

  “But I don’t want to say that it is all
for Thalia! I want just a little of it
To be for me!”

  “Then it is for you.”

  “But why?”

  “Because—oh, because I am an Al-
trurian, and a reformer of young ladies
with nihilistic tendencies, and feel sorry
for the poor kings.”

The countess slightly raised her chin.
“I had hoped that it might be some-
thing more—chiv—er—roman—er—
interesting. And what is an Altrurian,
Mr. Dallas?”

  “An Altrurian is a person who does
for nothing what most people want to
be paid for.”

  “Oh!” The countess regarded him
thoughtfully. “And you are that sort
of person?”

  “In moments of folly, and when
under the influence of—James.”

  “Then you consider this a moment
of folly?”

  “Worse!” Dallas looked deep into
her eyes. “It is a moment of mad-
ness !”

  The countess dropped her elbows on
the rim of the seat, rested her pretty
chin on the knuckles of one hand, and
regarded the young man fixedly. Her
lovely face was filled with the softest
of shadows, and her deep blue eyes
shone like stars after the moon has set.

  “But you don't want any pay?” said
she.

  “Not for myself. Only for you—
and the poor devils of kings.”

  “Why are you so sorry for the
wretched kings?”

  “I’d be sorry for anybody so unfor-
tunate as to be in your bad graces.

Then a person in grave danger is al-
  ways a fit object for compassion.”
  “And how about a person in my good
  graces ?” asked the countess mischie-
  vously.

  “That,” said Dallas, “would be more
  dangerous still.”

  “Indeed!”

  “I think so. What if you happened
  to get jealous—with your knowledge
  of unpleasant explosives!”

  “You are chaffing me!”

  “Not a bit of it! I shouldn’t dare!”
  The countess tossed her head. “For
  a man who drives a car as you do, it
  seems to me that you are singularly
  lacking in courage!”

  “Ah, but, you see, you can’t drive
  a woman.”

  “Would you be afraid to try?”
  “Very! One always goes around in
  such a small circle that it is impossible
  to tell who is in the lead.”

  “Ignorance,” observed the countess
  to the moon, “is sometimes said to be
  bliss.”

  “Very likely—while it lasts.”
  “Coward!”

  “Guilty!”

  “But, in spite of your craven fears,
  here you are, knight errant!”

  “That is James’ fault.”

  “Then it stops at Paris,” said the
  countess, with decision.

  “Just as you wish.”

  “What is your wish?”

  “To be of service”—Dallas smiled—
  “and to reform you from the evil of
  your ways.”

 “But—why?”

  . “I have told you. Call it altruism.”
  “I’m afraid,” said the girl slowly,
  “that it is pure kindness of heart, and
  must cease at Paris.’

  “Very well.”

 “What?”

  “I said, ‘Very well.’ ”

  The countess leaned back in the ton-
  neau and folded her hands in her lap.
  “Have a cigarette ?” said Dallas,
A tptRlNCESS OF THE 'BALKANS

17

offering his case. She took one, lighted
it, then glanced at the moon, that
treacherous counselor and lenient, vise-
mouthed chaperon.

  “Still,” said the countess presently,
in a meditative voice, “I don’t suppose
I ought to be selfish. There’s Thalia—-
and Sir James.”

  “Quite so,” said Dallas dryly.

  The girl beat a little tattoo on the
back of the seat with her gloved fingers,
then looked at Dallas aslant.

  “It would be a lark,” said she. “Do
you really want to take us?”

  “Yes. I have already undertaken to
see you safely out of your troubles.
But remember, it’s a bargain. Do you
promise to reform?”

  “Yes,” murmured the countess; “I
promise. Oh, you Americans!” She
turned suddenly and flung herself
against the rim of the tonneau, her face
very near that of the young man. “I
beg your pardon,” said she softly. “I
should have said—you American !”
Dallas took her hand in his strong,
nervous grip and gave it a slight
squeeze.

  “Then it’s agreed,” said he.

  “It’s agreed. Oh, look! Here comes
a car [’*

  The young man turned and looked
back over the road upon which they
had come. Far in the distance he
caught the sudden flare of a search-
light. At the same moment the cheer-
ful voice of Sir James hailed him from
the gloom ahead:

  “I say, Stephen, here comes a car.”

  “I see it/’ said Dallas. “We will
stop them and try to beg a little, es-
sence.”

  With painstaking care, the English-
man placed the Lady Thalia in the ton-
neau. “We saw that fellow’s lights,”
said he, “and hurried back.”

  Far down the road there appeared
another vivid flash, then two lurid eyes,
as the car swung around a slight curve.
Apparently it was high-powered, for

C^A

on striking the foot of the slope upon
which Dallas had stopped it came fly-
ing up with no change of speed.. A
moment later Dallas’ car fell within the
beams of the twin lights, when there
came the sound of shifting gears as the
new arrival, a big limousine car, glided
gently alongside and came to a stop.
At the same moment there reached the
ears of the runaways a harsh, discord-
ant l^ugh.

  “Rosenthal!” cried the countess.

  Sir James flicked away his cigarette.
“I say, old chap/’ he drawled to Dal-
las, “I believe that we’ve been had!”
Three dark figures descended from
the car, and two of them approached,
Rosenthal was in advance, looming
dark and Titanesque. At his elbow
came the chauffeur, and Dallas’ quick
eye caught the flash of some metallic
object in the man’s hand. The prince
remained standing by the door of the
limousine.

  “Looks"like a row,” muttered Sir
James. “Go slow, Stephen; remember
that we are in France.”

  As the big Jew approached, his rau-
cous laugh burst out again; then, ob-
serving the silent and ominous atti-
tudes of the two young men, he
stopped.

  “Goot efening!” said he, in thick,
guttural English. He took off his hat
with a flourish. “Excuse me if I laugh,
but this is so very, very funny! Veil,
veil, boys vill be boys, is it not?”

  A deep chuckle rumbled in his chest.
“I must say that I fail to see any-
thing funny about it!” snapped Dallas.
“We invite two ladies to take a moon-
light ride, and then get stalled on a
lonely stretch of road because some
thief has stolen all the essence out of
our tank.”

  “No!” cried, Rosenthal in a tone of
mock surprise.

  “You might let us have enough to
go on with, you know,” suggested Sir
James placidly.
18

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

  The big Jew’s laugh gurgled deeper.
“Goot!” said he. “Be a sport, as they
say in the States. After all, it vould
be no more than fair if ve vere to give
you some petrol—because it is yours
that we are now burning in our motor!
Ha, ha, ha!”

  “Ours!” snarled Dallas. “Have you
got the cheek to tell me that you stole
my essence ?” He took a step forward.
Sir James lounged easily at his elbow,
his hands in the pockets of his ulster.

  “Hold on !” The Jew raised one big
arm and shook his finger at the two
men. “Don’t do anyt’ing foolish, my
dear boys. Let me state my case. You
made a little plot to steal avay our
ladies. That vas all right; I do not
blame you. I vas once a youngster
minesellef! But now I have a vife in
Buda-Pesth whom I lofe very much.”

  “Oh, rot!” snapped Dallas.

  “That is not polite, Mr. Dallas,”
remonstrated Rosenthal, “but no mat-
ter. When you made this little plan,
you did not appreciate two t’ings:
feerst, who those ladies vere, and, sec-
ond, that you vas playing the game mit
Isidor Rosenthal!” He smote his chest
with one big hand.

  “The game is not yet played out, my
dear baron,” murmured Sir James.

  “I beg your pardon, Sir Chames.”
Again he shook his finger at the two
men. “But do not try anyt’ing rash,
because I could take one of you boys
in each hand and cr-r-rack your heads
together!” The harsh voice had be-
come stem and menacing. “More than
that, the prince has a revolver, and
vould, I am afraid, be fool enough to
shoot it at you. Then here is the
mecanicien mit a spanner!. It is no
goot. It is not vorth while. Besides,
there is somet’ing more. You do not
know about this lady’s maid of the Lady
Thalia.”

  “Yes,” said Dallas impatiently; “we
know all about her. She is the Countess
Rubitzki and said to be a nihilist.”

  “She is a nihilist,” said Rosenthal.

  “Bosh!” said the Englishman.

  “It is no bosh, .Sir Chames. There
are extradition papers out for her in
France and Italy and Austria. If she
is taken, she goes to Siberia.”

  “It makes no difference,” retorted
Dallas. “Maid or nihilist or countess,
she is our guest, and she is not to be
interfered with.”

  “By chingo!” exclaimed the Jew,
“but that is goot spirit! Belief me, I
am sorry to spoil this little spree, but
business is business, and there is that
matter of my forty t’ousand pounds.
Come, my friends; ve do not vant a
row. You must see that you are out-
classed. Mein Gott!” he exclaimed in
vexation. “Who are you boys to pit
your brains and bodies against Isidor
Rosenthal? I have made rebellions in
South America and the Balkans, and
all the West Indies takes off its hat to
me. ' I have put presidents on their
t’rones, and outfinanced statesmen, and
received the t’anks of potentates.
Come, ve vill not have any troubles!
You vould not be so foolish!” He
turned and said a few sharp words to
the chauffeur, whereat the man walked
back to the car and put away the span-
ner. Rosenthal turned again to Dallas
and threw out his hands, palms upward.
“So you see, my dear boys, I play big
games. And I play little ones, too!
I knew you vould try to steal the Lady
Thalia. It had to be—after Sir Chames
went valking mit her on the beach. So,
not to make a r-row by the hotel, and
because ve needed some fuel, I ordered
our man to draw the essence from your
tank and put it into ours. There vas
forty liters, which at thirty-five cen-
times makes fourteen francs. I vill
gif you the money.”

  He drew his purse from his pocket,
counted out some silver, and offered it
to Dallas.

  “I don’t want your filthy money!”
growled the American.
A PRINCESS OF THE <BALKANS	19

  “Take it, my friend. Business is
business.” Rosenthal stepped to the
car and put the money on the seat;
then, turning, he brushed past Sir
James and laid his hand on the latch
of the door to the tonneau. “Come,
ladies,” said he.

  But it was just here that Rosenthal,
hardened adventurer and keen judge of
men that he was, committed a faux
pas. Accustomed all his life to carry-
ing his wishes through by the sheer
weight of his tremendous vitality, he
would not admit the possibility of any
active resistance to his will. But in all
his rough dealings with men, the Jew
had never had much contact of a hos-
tile character with thoroughbreds. ' As
he truthfully said, he was physically
powerful enough to take the two young
men, one in either hand, and knock
their heads together, and this and the
fact that they were unarmed and ap-
parently at a loss seemed to him quite
enough to insure his carrying off the
affair high-handedly.

  But the big Jew had quite failed to
consider the fact that there is a certain
type of man who, under given condi-
tions, will fight to the last, not through
any hope of winning out, but merely
because he feels that he owes it to
himself.

  Both Dallas and Sir James belonged
to this - class. The Englishman had
been standing with his feet apart and
his thumbs hooked into the side pockets
of his ulster. His cap was pulled down
over his eyes, and his face looked calm
and unruffled. But as the Jew stepped
forward and laid his hand upon the
latch, Sir James swung easily about,
taking the weight of his athletic body
on his / forward foot.

  “Oh, look here, baron,” said he in
a voice of calmest protest. “This won’t
do at all. We can’t have you making
free with our guests like that, you
know. Suppose you take your hand
off that door.”

  “Sir Chames,” said Rosenthal in his
harsh voice, “I am very sorry, but these
ladies are in our care, and they must
come with us.”

  His great hand fell on the latch, and
as it did so Sir James’ fist shot out.
So quick was the blow, and so true and
hard, that it would have been all that
was necessary to stretch the ordinary
man upon the Toad. But Rosenthal
was very far from being the ordinary
man. Although confident that he would
meet with no resistance, yet as the vet-
eran of many a swift and deadly melee
where knives and pistols were used as
well as fists, he was not caught alto-
gether napping. The indolent shifting
of the Englishman’s weight had not
been lost to his practiced eye, so that
when Sir James struck out, Rosenthal,
although he had no time to evade the
blow, slightly ti^rned his head, with the
result that what would otherwise have
been a solid impact glanced from the
heavy bones under his woolen cap.

  Seeing that he had failed, the Eng-
lishman sprang in and struck with his
other fist, but this blow was knocked
aside by Rosenthal’s arm, and the next
instant the two had clinched.

  Dallas, who fully understood his
friend’s nature, was quite prepared.
As Sir James grappled with Rosenthal,
Dallas sprang upon the prince, and be-
fore that startled royalty could snatch
his revolver from his pocket he re-
ceived a blow between the eyes that
sent him over backward and to the
ground, his head striking the step as
he fell. The mecanicien, taking it for
granted, from the assurance of Rosen-
thal and the quiet demeanor of the two
young men, that there would be no vio-
lence, was also taken unprepared. Be-
fore he could secure his spanner, Dal-
las had sprung upon him and struck
him in the face with a force that sent
him spinning in his tracks. But the
American, although strong and quick,
was light of build, while the chauffeur
20

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

was a thickset, powerful man. Recov-
ering himself, he sprang at Dallas, and
the two went to the ground together in
a very active “rough-and-tumble.”

  The prince, half stunned from the
rap which he had given his head as he
fell, remained quite hors de combat, so
that the fight was man to man. But
Sir James, although a splendid athlete,
was no match for the herculean Jew.
Rosenthal tore him off as a gorilla
might free himself from the clasp of
a man, and, getting one great arm clear,
smote the Englishman a hammerlike
blow on the top of the head, which laid
him senseless and quivering in the road.
Then, ignoring the struggle going on
between Dallas and the chauffeur, he
flung open the door of the tonneau, and,
plucking out the countess as if she were
a child, carried her to the prince’s car
and pushed her into the limousine.

  “Keep quiet, Paula!” he panted.
“Remember, if there is any alarm—
Siberia!”

  Pie strode back to Dallas’ car.
“Come, Thalia,” said he. “Do not
oblige me to use force. Come!”

  Without a word, the girl descended
from the car; but, catching sight of
Sir James, she paused.

  “You brute!” she cried chokingly.
“Have you killed him ?”

  “Nonsense! It is nodding,” panted
the Jew. “He is yust asleep. I took
care to hit him on top of the head and
not too hard, or his skull vould be
c-c-crushed like an eggshell! I do not
like to kill a gentleman; they are too
few! Sapristi, he vould fight! Vat
could I do ? Come !”

  He pushed the girl toward the other
car, into which she crept without a
word, when Rosenthal turned and
secured the two valises. The chauffeur
had overcome Dallas, who was lying
on his back, cursing vigorously, while
the man sat upon his chest, pinning
both his wrists to the ground. The
prince had struggled to a sitting pos-

ture, with his back against the wheel,
and was holding both hands to his head
and groaning. As Rosenthal’s eyes fell
upon him, the Jew’s face was lit for a
moment by his sardonic grin. Leaning
down, he raised the prince bodily by
both shoulders, and thrust him into the
limousine.

  “Get in, my dear fellow!” said he,
and slammed the door. He turned to
where Dallas was lying on his back in
the road, under the weight of the burly
mecanicien, and his deep chuckle rum-
bled out again.

  “Vill you be good if you are let up,
and not try to fight?” asked Rosenthal.

  Dallas’ reply was a somewhat torrid
blast in the expressive terms of his
native city, Chicago.

  •'PesteT exclaimed the Jew. “All
this fuss for some br-r-ight eyes ! Such
foolish boys! With me it is different;
it is a matter of forty t’ousand pounds.
Ary can you not be sensible?” His
harsh voice carried a note that was
almost plaintive. “Here we are fighting
with r-r-rage in our hearts, and yester-
day ve might have been all drowned
together!”

  Furious as he was, something in the
tone of the big Jew struck Dallas’ sense
of the ridiculous. In spite of himself,
he began to laugh. Rosenthal’s harsh
cackle joined him.

  “That is better—to laugh! Come,
get up!” He hauled the chauffeur
roughly off Dallas, who rose to his feet,
’shook himself, eyed his big antagonist
for a moment, then shrugged.

  “Where is Sir James?” he demanded,
looking around.

  “Over there. He is hurted a little
—not much.” He jerked his head to-
ward the Englishman, who was begin-
ning to stir. Rosenthal turned away.

  “Good night, Mr. Dallas,” said he
affably; then in French to the meca-
nicien: “Get in and drive!”

  Dallas walked stiffly to the side of
his prostrate friend. The mecanicien
A ‘PRINCESS OF THE BALKANS

21

climbed to his feet, cranked the motor,
and took his seat. Rosenthal glanced
at Sir James, then got in beside the
chauffeur.

  “Good night/’ called the Jew again.
“Good night,” answered Dallas, in
spite of himself.

  The big car moved forward; as it
gathered speed and glided off into the
darkness, Dallas heard the Jew’s harsh
laugh, scarcely distinguishable from
the clash of the pinions as the chauffeur
went somewhat awkwardly into the
speed ahead. With a wry smile, the
young man turned to look at his friend.
At the same moment, Sir James sat
upright.

  “Ouch!” said he.

  “How do you feel, James?” asked
Dallas.

 “Little groggy. I say-” His

wits, scattered by the crushing force of
Rosenthal’s big fist, rallied quickly. He
looked somewhat vacantly about him,
then groaned.

  “Very bad, James?”

  “Oh, I say, Stephen!” Sir James’
two hands were raised to clasp his
head. “We’ve been had !”

  “Couldn’t help it,” muttered Dallas.
“We did our little best.”

  “How did you make out?”

  “Nothing to brag of. I did put the
prince out of action; then the chauf-
feur sat on me.”

 “The chauffeur! Oh, come! Not
the chauffeur!”

  “Rather it were he than the prince
—or even Rosenthal!” snapped Dallas.
“Oh, my soul! And our ladies ?”
“They’ve got ’em.”

  “Oh, no! No! Stephen, Stephen,
this is too awful!”

  “Don’t blame me," snapped Dallas.
“You started the Donnybrook!”

  “I know it. But—to get polished
off and our ladies taken away from us
by an outfit like that! Let me die!”
Sir James groaned, then sat up with a

feeble grin. “Did you say you had

some brandy in the car?”

  Dallas produced the stimulant, of
which both partook.

  “I thought I heard somebody laugh-
ing as I was wraking up from my nap,”
observed Sir James.

  “Very likely. Rosenthal was laugh-
ing, and so was I. Just think it over
a bit, and perhaps the humor of the
thing may strike you”

  Sir James cackled feebly. “Downy
old bird, Rosenthal,” said he. “To
think of his having foreseen the whole
thing and drained all of the essence
out of our tank except just enough
to take us into the wilderness. Hope
we meet again.”

  “I have an idea,” said Dallas softly,
“that we will.”

  “Where, pray?”

  “That I don’t know. But this ad-
venture, James, has only just begun.”
Sir James’ face brightened. “I wish
that I could think so,” said he.

  “Well, it’s so. Let me tell you some-
thing. About two minutes before Ro-
senthal arrived on the scene, I had
passed my word to Countess Rubitzki
to see the two girls safely to Novi-
bazar.”

  “The deuce you had!”

  “Yes. I had agreed to get them
safely away from Rosenthal and the
prince, and deposit them in the Lady
Thalia’s country, wherever that is.
What I meant to do, of course, was
to make a run to the eastward in the
car, and, even while I was talking to
her, I had figured it all out. My plan
was to stop in Paris for a few hours’
sleep and to get some things, and then,
before Rosenthal and the prince could
arrive, to get away for Switzerland,
go over the Simplon, and then on
through Italy and the Dolomites for
the Dalmatian coast, eventually escort-
ing them across Montenegro, as we
had planned. Now the whole thing has
22

THE cPOcPUL/lcR MAGAZINE

got complicated—but there’s my prom-
ise just the same.”

  Sir James scrambled to his feet and
seized his friend’s hand.

  “That’s the talk, old fellow!” he ex-
claimed. “You can count on me. Be-
sides”—he rubbed his head—“we can’t
decently drop the thing after being
mauled about like this. And I say, Dal-
las, did you ever see such eyes?”

  “No,” said Dallas, “nor such a mouth
and chin. And she is no more a nihilist
at heart than I am. She has simply
got mixed up in all this trouble through
the fault of circumstance. She is the
sweetest little person that ever lived!
And so game! Upon my word, James,
I caught a glimpse of her as that hairy
brute was stuffing her into the limou-
sine, and her cigarette was still going

  “I say!” exclaimed Sir James. “You
are talking about the countess! / was
referring to Thalia.”

  “Thalia!” exclaimed Dallas. “Oh,
you can have Thalia.”

  “Wish I thought so. Anyhow, we’ll
have a try, eh?” Sir James raised the
flask which he held in his hand. “It’s
a go, then, old boy! Here’s confusion
to Rosenthal and the prince; and long
live Thalia and the countess and—and
—what is the name of their bally coun-
try ?”

  “Novibazar.”

  “Long live Novibazar!”

  The two friends drank.

  “Here comes a wagon,” said Dallas,
as he set down the flask. He raised
his voice: “Armand !”

  “Me voila, m’sien!” came the distant
answer.

CHAPTER IV.

  “The question is,” observed Sir
James, the following day, as the two
were at dejeuner in Dallas’ luxurious
apartment on the Avenue de l’Alma,
“how to find ’em again.”

  “That should not be hard,” said Dal-

las. “Rosenthal is too conspicuous a
figure to lose himself in Paris.”

  “Look here,’-’ said Sir James, “tell
you what I’ll do. I know a South
American woman here in Paris who is
acquainted with all the unusual peo-
ple. Her salon is usually full of Ori-
ental nabobs and abdicating presidents
and nihilists and shady Balkan royalties
and that sort of truck. She is Senora
Gonzales, of Buenos Aires. Got a card
from her the other day. She comes
back to town early to see something of
the South American and West Indian
gang before they go home for the win-
ter. Suppose that I go around there
to see if I can learn anything about our
friends.”

  Dallas nodded.

  “That is a good plan. Meanwhile, I
will attend to a few matters, and we’ll
meet at the Traveler’s for dinner.”
“Right!” said Sir James. “Then I’m
off.”

  Returning to his studio, he gave or-
ders to his manservant to get ready to
leave at a moment’s notice for a hunt-
ing trip in Austria. A few hours later,
he presented himself at a small private
hotel upon the Avenue Henri Martin,
where, on entering the salon, he was
welcomed by a handsome woman of
Andalusian type, who greeted him very
cordially.

  “It is so nice of you to come, Sir
James,” said she. “You are just in
time. There is such a fascinating girl
in the other room. She’s Albanian;
her father was Constantine Bey, and
her home is high up in the north Alba-
nian Alps.”

  ..“Not the Lady Thalia!” exclaimed
Sir James.

  “Yes,” cried his hostess in surprise.
“Do you know her?”

  “Uh—ah—we’ve met. Is the Prince
Emilio wTith her?”

  “The prince is playing bridge.”
  “Indeed! And, speaking of the
A <P<RINCESS OF THE ‘BALKANS

23

prince, Senora Gonzales, do you happen
to know a Baron Rosenthal?”

  “Oh, everybody in South America
knows Rosenthal. Such a type! He
has promised to come in later.”

 “What do you know about him?”
asked Sir James.

  “Rosenthal is a Czechian Jew who
has made an enormous fortune in pro-
moting all kinds of—er—doubtful en-
terprises, principally revolutions, in all
parts of the world. He knows every-
body, speaks every language after a
fashion, and is a papal baron. Fancy,
a Jew a papal baron!”

  “Does that account for his being re-
ceived?” asked Sir James. “I thought
him an a\\ful brute!”

  His hostess threw out her hands.
“But nobody could keep Rosenthal out
of any place where he wanted to go!”
she cried. “He is as insidious as the
cholera, with the forward impetus of—
of-

  “Of an auto bus,” suggested Sir
James reflectively.

  Madame Gonzales laughed. “1 see
that you have met him. But then,” she
added, “I doubt if anybody would wish
to close the door to Rosenthal. He is
very interesting, and would do anything
for a person whom he liked. Then he
is really very decent and well-behaved,
and perfectly devoted to his wife.”

  Sir James was on the point of pur-
suing his inquiries when some other
guests arrived, and the hostess turned
from him with a smile.

  He crossed the room and passed into
a salon adjoining, where, sitting in an
alcove and chatting with an immaculate
young Frenchman, he discovered the
Lady Thalia .of Novibazar.

CHAPTER V.

  The Lady Thalia looked up, and as
her eyes fell upon Sir James they
opened to their fullest width and the
rich color faded from her cheeks. The

next instant it came pouring back again,
considerably deeper in tone, while her
long lashes fell.

  The man to whom she had been talk-
ing, and who was looking into her face
at the time, observed the flash of emo-
tion, and, swinging in his chair, glanced
up curiously at Sir James. The two
were slightly acquainted, having pre-
viously met at the same house. Sir
James crossed the room in his usual
calm and cheerful manner, bowed be-
fore the girl, then, with a pleasant
word, turned to shake hands with the
Frenchman.

  “And how do you find yourself,
mademoiselle,” said he in French,
“after our little accident of last even-
ing?” Without waiting for her reply,
and in order to give her the cue, he
turned to the Frenchman and con-
tinued ; “While motoring last night
with a friend, we had the misfortune
to come in collision with the Prince
Emilio and Baron Rosenthal.”

  “Indeed! And was there any dam-
age ?”

  “None whatever to the cars,” replied
Sir James placidly. “The prince, my
friend, and myself were thrown about
a little and slightly shaken up.”

  The lips of the Lady Thalia began
to twitch, and the Frenchman, suspect-
ing some understanding between the
two, murmured his felicitations on
their escape from serious injury, and,
with a comment on the dangers of mo-
toring, excused himself.

  W'hen he had gone, the girl leaned
back in her fauteuil and looked at Sir
James smilingly.

  “Awfully jolly, finding you here,”
said Sir James cheerfully. “Saves such
a lot of trouble.”

  “Are you quite sure?” she answered.
“Positive. We had set ourselves to
comb Paris to find you.”

  “And now that you have found us?”
asked the girl.

  “We can make our plans,” answered
24

THE cPO<PUL/J(R MAGAZINE

Sir James, in his most matter-of-fact
tone.

  “Indeed!” The hazel eyes opened a
little wider. ‘‘How is Mr. Dallas?”
‘‘Quite furious. You see, the chauf-
feur sat on him.”

  “No!”

  “Really. And I’m not quite sure
that the brute did not cuff him once
or twice. Stephen would not admit it,
but I noticed that one ear was a trifle
puffed up, and when he brushed his
hair he swore.”

  The Lady Thalia leaned back in her
chair and laughed until her eyes were
misty. Then her lovely face grew se-
rious.

  “And how are you?” she asked. “I
have been horribly anxious. When we
left, you were quite unconscious.”

  “Merely a little nap,” replied Sir
James calmly. “The baron knows his
work. When I awoke, quite refreshed,
I found Dallas raving writh a thirst for
revenge and a deep appreciation for the
charms of a certain lady.”

  “And you?”

 “Um—ah—my own emotions were
not so complicated. I harbor no ill will
against Rosenthal.”

  The girl’s eyes fell. “Paula is very
fascinating, is she not?”

  “So Stephen tells me. No doubt he
is quite right.”

  The rich color deepened in the cheeks
of the Lady Thalia, and her long lashes
swept down to hide what was in the
amber-colored eyes.

  ‘‘But about our plans,” said Sir
James. ‘‘We have undertaken to get
you out of the hands of ihe prince and
Rosenthal and land you safely in—ah

  “Novibazar?”

  “Quite so.” Sir Janies adjusted his
monocle, and, taking a small gold pencil
from his pocket, scribbled something
upon his cuff. The girl’s lips twitched.

  “We must give these chaps the slip,”
said Sir James. “Then we’ll run you

two ladies down through Switzerland
and across to the Dalmatian coast. Get
into your country by the back door, so
to speak.”

  The girl’s face became grave, and
she shook her head.

  “That is very dear and chivalrous of
you,” said she, “but it is quite impos-
sible. We are leaving in two days for
Belgrade, and Rosenthal has threatened
to inform the police of Paula’s identity
if we try to run away in the meantime.
It would not be safe.”

  Sir James knit his brows and spun
his monocle around his finger.

  “Besides,” said the Lady Thalia
slowly, “we could not think of letting
you put yourself to so much trouble
and expense.”

  “As for the trouble,” said Sir James,
“that doesn’t count, because, yotx see,
we’ve neither of us a blessed thing to
do, and as far as expense is concerned,
Dallas swears that he would cheerfully
put up forty thousand pounds against
old Rosenthal’s, just to get even. He’s
shockingly rich. What will1 happen
when you get to Belgrade ?”

  The Lady Thalia’s face clouded. “I
have no idea,” she answered. “To tell
the truth, the thought is a little terrify-
ing. Servia is a very wild country, and
Emilio has great influence there.”

  “You mean that he might do some-
thing nasty ?”

  “N-no. Rosenthal, who is kind-
hearted in a way, would see that no
actual harm happened us. But I think
they are quite capable of keeping us
somewhere under guard until they have

either carried out their plans or-”

The small white teeth came together.

  “Or you have consented to marry
Emilio ?”

  She nodded.

  “In that case,” said Sir James, “we
will try to give them the slip at Bel-
grade. No, don’t interrupt, please.”
The young man’s pleasant voice had
grown suddenly crisp, and his habitual
A ^PRINCESS OF THE BALKANS

indolent cheerfulness had disappeared.
“You don’t quite understand, Lady
Thalia. The affair has ceased to be
a lark, nor is it a matter of gallantry.
Dallas and I have made a promise not
only to you and Paula Rubitzki, but to
ourselves. We have been knocked
down and beaten and made fools of,
and we cannot drop the undertaking
now with honor. There is also, of
course, the desire to be of service to
you. Unless you forbid us, which I
am sure you will not, we mean to see
the thing through.”

  “It is dangerous work, Sir James.
You do not understand what you are
undertaking.”

  “I understand enough, and so does
Dallas. Will you accept us as your
knights-errant ? Surely you will not re-
fuse now, and go on and leave us dis-
graced ?”

  “But you are not disgraced. Last
night you were outnumbered; the odds
were too heavy, and there are very few
men, Sir James, who would care to
attack a giant like Rosenthal. There is
nothing for you to feel ashamed of, and
besides”—she slightly raised her chin—
“I do not consider mere personal pride
to be enough of a motive for what you
wish to do.”

  “It is not the only motive. You see,
Dallas and I are mere idlers. I paint
bad pictures, and he plays with motors.
We have often bewailed our lack of
objective. Now you are trying to do a
very fine thing, and if you succeed in
getting away from these two animals
and out to your own country, you are
going to try to prevent a border war
and to bring your country under the
control of a civilized administration.
That is fine. It’s splepdid! If one
could do something like that, one would
not feel such an unpardonably useless
member of society; so, you see, Stephen
and I would like to help, if you don’t
mind.”

  The Lady Thalia smiled.

  “You men are dears!” she said im-
pulsively, in her soft, accented English.
“Paula and I should consider ourselves
very lucky to have found two such
friends. Come, then, if you wish.” She
held out her hand.

  Sir James took it quickly in his, and,
with his brick-red face slightly brickier,
leaned over and brushed it with his lips.
At the same moment there came from
the doorway behind him an explosive
“Sapristi!” followed by a hoarse, gur-
gling chuckle. He turned in his chair,
and looked up into the sardonically
grinning face of Baron Isidor Rosen-
thal.

  “Mein Gott!” cried the Jew. “You
vas at it again!” He shook his great
head, and his craggy, satanic features
became suddenly grave. “My friend,
this vill not do. The prince is in the
other r-r-room playing bridge; if he
finds you here, there vill be a scene.”
His brown eyes, shot with their mul-
tiple hazel dots, grew somber. “I
should have hitted you harder,” he
growled.

  “Mr. Dallas,” observed Sir James
pleasantly, “should have hit the prince
harder. By rights, he ought to be in
bed with his face in a towel.”

  “His face is not pretty,” said the Jew,
with a grin. “His eyes are very bad.
We have told the people that we vas
in collision last night. But you must
be careful, Sir Chames.”

  “Suppose you go in and keep him
busy for a few minutes. I will not be
long.”

  Rosenthal hesitated for an instant;
then his diabolic grin pushed up the
corners of his bushy eyebrows and
bared his great, yellow fangs.

  “Goot!” said he. “I vill do it—be-
cause you are a goot sport! I like
you, and I t’ink perhaps I owe you
somet’ing. But do not be long. Sir
Chames. I vant to show some stones
to mademoiselle—a tiamond and ruby
necklace I have yust bought for my
2b

THE <POiPULAcR MAGAZINE

dear vife in Buda-Pesth!” He turned
and left the room.

 Sir James and the Lady Thalia
looked at each other and laughed.

  “We must make our plans quickly,”
said the young man. “You say that
you are going to leave for Belgrade
the day after to-morrow?”

  “The day after that—Thursday.”
“Then Stephen and I will go on
ahead of you as quickly as possible.
We will take all our shooting things
and give it out on our arrival that we
are going up country after moufflon or
ibex or chamois or whatever they have
out there, and we will travel under the
names of ‘Mr. James’ and ‘Mr. Ste-
phen.’ On arriving at Belgrade, we
will try to secure an intelligent native
servant, in whom wTe will confide as
much as seems necessary. For the rest,
we shall have to trust to opportunity.
It ought not to be difficult—Servia is
such a wild country.”

  Again their eyes met. At the same
moment there came from the other
room a burst of laughter and many
voices talking together, with the sound
of chairs being pushed along the par-
quet.

  “They have stopped playing,” said
the girl breathlessly. “You must go.”
Sir James rose to his feet, then
looked down at her with a smile.

  “A bicntot,” said he softly. “At Bel-
grade, then.”

  He turned on his heel and strode out
of the room. In the salon he came
face to face with Rosenthal.

  “You are going?” asked the Jew.
“That is goot. The prince is a hot-
head.”

  “Is he? He did not act that way last
night.”

  Rosenthal’s yellow teeth shone be-
tween his mustache and his imperial.

  “It is different in a salon,” he said.
“He has no polish, like you and me.
He is a Serb—half civilized—pouf!
Goot-by, Sir Chames.”

  The Englishman took the huge hand
which a few hours earlier had landed
closed and with crushing force upon
his aristocratic head.

  “Good-by, Baron Rosenthal,” said he,
smiling.

CHAPTER VI.

  Three days later, in their suite of
rooms, from the windows of which one
looked out upon the palace where King
Alexander and his queen Draga were
murdered, Stephen Dallas, Sir James,
and Connors, the latter’s servant, sat
calmly discussing their plans for the
abduction of the Lady Thalia and her
persecuted friend, Countess Paula Ru~
bitzki.

  Scattered in some confusion about
the room were the arms and accouter-
ments of the sportsmen: costumes of
canvas and khaki, puttee leggings,
heavy, hobnailed hunting shoes, car-
tridge belts, camp gear of aluminum,
flasks, high-powered binoculars, and
weapons. With the last they had ex-
perienced no difficulty from the local
authorities. One glance at Sir James’
brick-red face, his monocle, and the
faultless costumes of both men had
been sufficient passport; the official
ones had not even been asked for. Sir
James was so obviously the ubiquitous
British sportsman, to be found wher-
ever there are animals to kill, and there
is no lack of game in the Servian high-
lands. Moreover, England is about the
only one of the powers held in esteem
by the Servians, despite, or because of,
the fact that only Great Britain with-
drew her minister and kept him with-
drawn after the bloodthirsty royal mas-
sacre which immediately preceded the
accession of King Peter to the throne.

  As Dallas and Sir James discussed
their plans, the man Connors was care-
fully studying a map which was spread
on the central table, and as the two
friends talked they occasionally glanced
toward the Irishman, as if for confir-
A 'PRINCESS OF THE ^BALKANS

27

mation of their statements. For Con-
nors, when the truth were known, was
far better qualified for the work in hand
than either of the two, being a veteran
campaigner with a large fund of per-
sonal experience where dealing with
savage peoples was concerned. For
many years he had served as the or-
derly of Sir James’ father, the late
Colonel Sir Henry Fenwick, and had
been through one campaign in India
and another in the Sudan. Connors
was a silent man, past middle age, of an
iron physique, resourceful, highly cour-
ageous, and possessed of a keen sense
of Irish humor. In appearance he was
of medium height, very broad, with a
lean frame and large, heavy bones. He
had, of course, been fully informed as
to the nature of the enterprise, which,
while it jumped entirely with his incli-
nation, he nevertheless felt under obli-
gation outwardly to condemn.

  “There will be fightin’, sorr,” he had
said to Dallas, “or I’m no judge. I see
be the map that this same Novibazar do
be a mountainous counthry, and ’tis my
expayrience that where there's moun-
tains there do be paypul who w’u’d
rather fight than ate. An’ fightin’ is
bad in these days phwin kings talks
p’ace and their subjec’s do be smug-
glin’ long-range rifles into the hills agin’
the time phwin their naybors have laid
down their arrums.”

  “But fighting is your proper trade,
Connors,” Dallas had said.

  “Troth, sorr, and so it is, an’ sh’u’d
be Sir James’ trade as well. But where
there’s wimmin mixed up wid it, sorr”
—he shook his grizzled head—“fightin’
is wan thing, sorr, an’ wimmin is an-
other, an’ phwin the two is mixed ’tis
no great job a mon will be doin’ at
ayther—unless maybe ’tis wid the wim-
min.”

  Having thus expressed himself, the
Irishman had set about to overhaul the
weapons with a loving care wThich was

scarcely consistent with his theoretic
disapproval of the undertaking.

  The proprietor of their inconspicuous
hotel had promised to secure them a
proper guide who should be familiar
with the country and the local dialects
of its inhabitants. As they were deep
in the discussion of their plans, there
came a rap at the door, and the German
waiter—for the Serbs dislike menial
work of any kind—ushered into their
presence a swarthy-looking ruffian in a
sheepskin cap, an upper garment' of
white which was half shirt, half smock,
and white trousers, very full about the
hips and fitting snugly about the legs,
which were sw’athed in homespun
stockings with a broad red band. On
his feet he wore rawhide sandals,
thonged across the instep and about the
ankles. He was not a prepossessing-
looking individual, but appeared to be
clean; and his face, although sullen,
showed an unmistakable intelligence.

  Dallas looked up sharply, at which
the man pulled off his sheepskin cap.

  “Goo’ morning, sar,” said he, with a
grin.

  “H’m !”■ said Sir James. “So you
speak English.”

  “Yes, sar. I American citizen.”

  “The deuce you are!” said Dallas.
“Yes, sar. I work three years in
slaughterhouse in New York City. I
belong to Fif’ Ward. Vote for Tam-
many. Get two dollars.”

  “What do you do here?” asked Sir
James.

  “Raise hogs in beech woods over by
head of Morava River.”

  “Do you know the country across the
border in the sanjak of Novibazar?”
asked Dallas. “The country in the
neighborhood, of Rascia?”

  The man threw him a quick, cunning
glance.

  “Yes, sar; know all that country
well. My landlord live there. He
Prince Emilio. No good.”

  The two friends exchanged glances.
28

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “What’s the matter with him ?” asked
Dallas.

  “He boss grafter. Sometime he make
me pay rent twice. All his people very
bad. Got bands of Bulgarian Chris-
tians. Don’t do a thing but cut throats
other Christians.”

  “Are you a Christian?” asked Dallas.

  “Me? No, I good man. Been to
New York. Out for the dough.”

  “The Christian • community,” ob-
served Sir James, “does not appear to
stand particularly high. I think this
man is what we need. Suppose we tell
him. What do you think, Connors?”

  The Irishman had been eying the
man keenly, and did not appear to be
favorably impressed, but he shrugged
his shoulders.

  “No doubt he knows the counthry,
sorr, an’ he looks to be a smart divil
enough.”

  ‘‘One’s as good as another, James,”
said Dallas in French. “It’s only a
question of money, and we will pay
him well. Besides, he doesn’t like
Emilio.”

  Sir James nodded. “Suppose you
tell him what we want, then,” said he.

  “What are you doing in Belgrade?”
Dallas inquired.

  “Jes’ come down with bunch of hogs.
Now they all shipped for Vienna.
Pretty soon I go back.”

  “Did you ever hear of a place called
Dakabar?” asked Dallas.

  The man scratched his matted head.

  “Yes, sar. That high up in the moun-
tain. People there all Shkipetari. They
tough gang. Don’t like Serbs.” His
beady eyes fastened keenly on Dallas.
“You goin’there?”

  “Yes,” said Dallas. “Now listen to
me: The Prince Emilio will be here
in Belgrade to-morrow or next day.
There are with him two ladies. We
want to steal these two ladies and take
them to Dakabar. Do you under-
stand?”

  The man looked at him keenly. His

sullen face showed a quick flash of in-
telligence, then became dull again.

  “That tough job.”

  “You will be well paid.”

  “How much you pay?”

  “How much do you want?”

  The man’s eyes narrowed, and a
crease appeared across his low fore-
head.

  “This tough job,” said he. “Sup-
pose prince he get wise?” There was a
significant gesture of his finger across
his swarthy throat. “This job no
cinch.”

  “Then you are afraid to tackle it?”
asked Dallas.

  “No, sar, not afraid. Suppose you
pay good price—one hundred dollars”
—he looked keenly at Dallas with his
cunning, beady eyes—“then I fix it.”
“All right. I will pay you one hun-
dred dollars; and when we get safely
to Dakabar, if you have done well, I
will give you another fifty. Now what
do you think is the best way to go about
it?”

  The man pondered.

  “What’s your name?”

  “Dimitri, sar. I think best way for
two ladies to take a drive some night.
I give coachman fifty kroners keep his
mouth shut. Then we get ponies and
wait on the big road to Nis. Then I
know crossroad through the hills by
Rudnik. That very long—four days,
five days—but railroad not safe. Then
I think ladies better wear boy clothes,
so nobody get wise.”

  Dallas and Sir James exchanged
glances.

  “All right, Dimitri,” said Dallas.
“You appear to know your business.
Go ahead, then, and buy your horses
and the boys’ clothes for the ladies, and
mind you get clean, new ones. Until
we get well away from Belgrade, we
will push along pretty fast,” he said to
Sir James.

  “S’pose you write note to ladies, sar,”
A qxRINCESS OF THE BALKANS

29

said Dimitri. “Tell ’em go driving one
night very soon.”

  Dallas picked up his portfolio and
wrote a few lines, which he inclosed in
an envelope and handed to their guide.

  “All right,” said Dimitri. “This tough
job. This no cinch, but I fix it.”

CHAPTER VII.

  High up on a little shelf of the wild
Kapaonik Mountains the runaways had
made their noonday halt at the cabin
of a shaggy swineherd, whose pigs were
rooting in the beech wood which clothed
the flanks of the hill.

  Above the cabin the mountain reared
precipitously to a height of some six
thousand feet. Beneath, the slope fell
away more gradually to a narrow,
thickly wooded valley, where the tum-
bling waters of the Moravitza foamed
and roared and could be seen in places
flashing like snow through vistas be-
tween the trees, the leaves of which
were beginning to show a tint of au-
tumn coloring.

  The air was still and sweet with the
odors of moss and fern, for it had
rained the night before, and the hot
midday sun was now beating down to
distil the steaming earth in its own fra-
grance. The soothing murmur of the
river arose in pulsing beats to the ears
of the travelers. Overhead, the sky
was clear and blue, and two eagles were
weaving spirals as they mounted to-
ward the zenith, calling to each other in
clear and piercing notes.

  Immediately around the cabin itself
there was a little clearing which had
been planted in maize; beyond this, the
forest, which grew thickly on three
sides, while on the fourth rose the bare,
precipitous shoulder of the mountain.

  Daintily perched oh a block of wood,
the Countess Rubitzki, attired in the
costume of a Servian peasant boy, blew
wreaths of smoke from her cigarette,
and listened with a faint flush on her

soft cheeks to some argument advanced
by Dallas, who, with his back against
a log, was basking luxuriously in the
sunshine.

  At a little distance, Sir James, in
tweeds and puttees, was mixing some
water with the strong native red wine
for the refreshment of the Lady Tha-
lia. She was clad like the countess, in
a long smock of -homespun wool, caught
about the waist with a belt, and falling
in a kilt which reached mid-thigh; full
trousers of the same material, and
heavy woolen stockings, with rawhide
sandals laced across the ankle and half-
way up the leg. Both girls might easily
have passed as young European lads
who, for comfort and convenience, had
adopted the native costume. Their
abundant hair was entirely hidden by
their kalpaks, or round caps, fitting low
on the head and supplemented by scarfs
twisted turbanlike, as though to prcn-
tect the back of the head against the
rays of the sun.

  For three and a half days they had
pushed on rapidly, journeying through
a wild and beautiful country, sparsely
populated, and, for the greater part,
forest-covered. The abduction had
been skillfully managed by Dimitri, and
had been unmarred by the slightest
hitch. Returning from a banquet at
the palace, their well-bribed coachman
had driven to a lonely spot on the out-
skirts of the city, where their two cava-
liers were awaiting them. The night
being fine, they had ptit some thirty
miles between themselves and Belgrade
before the sunrise, when they had
stopped to rest at the lonely farmhouse
of a plum grower. Since then they
had traveled throughout the day, and
stopped for the night wherever a shel-
ter presented itself.

  “To-morrow,” said Sir James, “we
ought to get a glimpse of your hills,
Thalia. ’Pon my word, I’ll be rather
sorry when we do! This has been no
end of a lark.”
30

THE VOPULACR MAGAZINE

  The girl looked at him thoughtfully;
then her eyes flitted across to where
Dallas was sitting, and a faint shadow
crossed her lovely face.

  “I shall be sorry, too,” she answered,
in a low voice.

  “What will you do when you get
there?” asked Sir James.

  “I will call together the chiefs and
explain to them what Emilio wants to
do, and try to show them the necessity
of keeping the peace. We Shkipetari
are composed of different clans, a good
deal like the Scotch Highlanders, Sir
James. Although most of my people
are Mohammedans, they are quite un-
like the Turks, whom they hate. My
father was a bey, and had a great deal
of authority; he was once calle'd to
Constantinople by the sultan, who did
him a great deal of honor and per-
suaded him to do what he could to stop
the incessant fighting and the attacks
that were always being made on the
Turkish caracols, or outposts. I think
that they will listen to me and try to
keep their people quiet. My father was
killed by a band of Christians of the
Bulgarian Church, and ever since there
has been a blood feud with the Serbs
of Emilio’s district.”

  “I fancy your people are a pretty
bloodthirsty crowd,” observed Sir
James.

  “They are savage,” Thalia admitted,
“but they are straightforward and chiv-
alrous, not treacherous, like the Serbs.
A woman could go anywhere alone
through our hills with perfect safety,
and so could a traveler whom they had
nothing against. But there is no such
thing as law and order, and”—she
smiled—“we settle our disputes in our
own way. Nobody ever tries to inter-
fere with the Shkipetari.”

  Sir James laughed, and, stretching
his long limbs luxuriously in the warm
sunshine, lit a cigarette. Their lunch-
eon had been a hearty one, as the day
before, Dallas, a splendid shot, had

killed a red deer far across a rocky
gorge through which their trail had
wound. Dimitri’s beady eyes had nar-
rowed at sight of the buck tumbling
down the bare hillside, and the expres-
sion of the guide’s face had not been
lost on Connors.

  “ ’Twas not the look a mon would
wear, sorrs, at sight of meat in camp,”
said the Irishman later to Sir James
and Dallas. “He will stand a lot of
watchin’, this Dimitri. I c’u’d see the
workin’s o’ the scalawag’s brain as plain
as ye see the innerds of a glass travel-
in’ clock. Thinks he, ‘I’ll take good
care that niver ye get the chance to
draw a bead on me!’ ”

  Connors was unpacking a few deli-
cacies when Sir James saw him stop in
the act of unbuckling a strap, and, shad-
ing his eyes with his hand, stare up
at a ledge which almost overhung the
cabin.

  “What do you see, Connors?” he
called.

  The Irishman turned.

  “There’s three chamois, sorr, wan a
buck, just passed around that ledge of
rock beyant.”

  Dallas, a keen sportsman, sprang to
his feet. “Do you think I could get a
shot ?” he asked.

“Yis, sorr, but ’tis a bit of a climb.”
Dallas quickly entered the cabin, to
emerge a moment later with his 30-40.
“I’m going to have a try for the buck,”
said he.

  “May I go with you?” asked Thalia,
rising.

  Dallas glanced dubiously at the al-
most sheer face of the mountain.

  “It’s a rough climb.”

  “I’m a hill woman.”

  “All right; come ahead, then.”
Dimitri, hearing their voices, had
come to the door of the hut and was
looking at Dallas through narrowed
lids.

  “Better not go, sar,” said he. “We
start now pretty quick.”
A <P<RINCESS OF THE ^BALKANS

31

  Dallas glanced at him in surprise.
“Thought you said we shouldn’t leave
for another hour,” said he.

  “That pass very quick when you
chase goats.”

  “I’ll be back,” said Dallas shortly,
and had turned toward the mountain
when Dimitri spoke again.

  “Better stay here, sar,” said he.
“This fella”—he pointed at the goat-
herd, who was giving some fodder to
the horses—“he tell me we better start
right away, to get across those hills be-
fore dark. Road very bad; straight up
and straight down.”

  “All right,” said Dallas indifferently.
“I will be back by the time that you
are ready to start.”

  He turned away, and Dimitri scowled
and went back into the hut.

  “Come on, Thalia,” said Dallas, “if
you really want to go; but it’s going to
be a hard climb.”

  The girl glanced at him and smiled.
Throughout their journey there had
been in her manner toward Dallas a
hint of mockery which had rather puz-
zled the young man, who had gradually
come to the conclusion that the Alba-
nian lady was inclined to regard him as
a somewhat effete production of over-
civilization.

  They started to climb in silence. For
the first hundred feet, the ascent pre-
sented no especial difficulties, but a little
higher up they found themselves con-
fronted by sheer cliff, seamed and
eroded, and, although quite surmount-
able to the experienced mountaineer,
yet dangerous from its steepness.

  Dallas glanced up in some dismay.
“This job is not so easy as it looks
from down below,” said he. “You’d
better not tackle it, Thalia.”

  She glanced into his flushed face with
her mocking little smile.

  “Are you quite sure that you had
better tackle it yourself ?”

  “I am not crazy about it—with this
rifle,” he admitted.

  “Then give the rifle to me.”

  “What nonsense!”

  “Then come ahead. I’ll go first and
pick out our route.” She glanced at
him over her shoulder and smiled again.
“You see, Mr. Dallas, this is my coun-
try. Have you a steady head?”

  “Fairly. If I get frightened, you can
come back and carry me up.”

  Something in the dry tone brought a
quick flush to the girl’s cheek and a
little sparkle in her eyes. Without an-
swering, she turned and started to pick
her way up the rough side of the cliff.
Dallas, pausing to sling the rifle across
his back, followed her.

 For about a hundred feet they
worked their way up from ledge to
ledge. Then came a stretch of turf,
firm but so steep that a fall would have
meant rolling down over the brink and
death on the jagged rocks beneath. A
hundred feet up this almost precipitous
bank, Thalia paused, and, standing
beautifully poised, looked back at Dal-
las, who was working his way gingerly
up on all fours.

  “Better not look back,” snapped the
young man. “And I say, Thalia,
don’t stand up like that. It makes me
rather sick to look at you!” He glanced
back over his shoulder, then rested,
digging his toes into the turf and flat-
tening his body against the almost ver-
tical incline. “My word! This is worse
than sheer rock.”

  Thalia glanced at him sharply, and
the smile left her lips.

  “Give me the rifle,” said she.

  “Don’t be silly.”

  “No, I insist. This is only danger-
ous if one gets giddy, and heights have
absolutely no effect on me. Come, slip
it off!”

  “Thalia, don’t lean forward like
that!” Dallas dug his fingers into the
soft mold. “Hang it, it’s worse to
watch you than it is to climb the bally
thing! Come on, let’s go up.”
32

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

   She threw him a quick, anxious look,
 then turned and began to climb rapidly
 upward. On a narrow ledge of less
 than a yard in width, she stopped and
 waited for Dallas to join her.

  “There are only about fifty feet
more,” said the girl, “and then it will
be easier. But the next fifty feet are
rather sheer; will you not give me the
rifle ?”

   “Look here, Thalia,” said Dallas, “if
 you keep on bothering me about this
 confounded rifle, I’ll throw it over the
 edge of the precipice.”

   “Better that than to risk a fall.”

   “I don’t intend to fall. But it’s some
 time since I’ve done any climbing, and
 my head isn’t quite as steady as it might
 be.”

   “Then I insist on your giving me the
 " rifle.”

  “Stop it!” growled Dallas. “Come
on, let’s get it over with.”

   Without answering, the girl started
 to work her way up a narrow fissure
 on the face of the cliff. A little higher,
 the seam widened into what is known
 to alpinists as a “chimney.” Nearly
 at the top, Thalia, who was in the act
 of swinging her lithe body over the rim
 of a broad shelf, heard a gasp, and,
 poised as she was, glanced back into
 Dallas’ pale, upturned face. While he
 was reaching up to grip a spur of rock
 which offered a safe handhold, the
 stock of the rifle had struck the face
 of the cliff in such a way as to upset
 his balance, for the moment insecure.
 As a result, he had pitched sideways,
 and only saved himself from falling by
 thawing his outside foot across to the
 opposite wall of the “chimney,” so that
 he stopped for the moment wedged in
 something of the position of a circus
 performer riding two horses, with one
 foot on the back of either. Beneath
 him, the “chimney” widened so that if
 he had slipped down a few inches his
 purchase would have been lost, and he
 would have fallen to the ledge, and

thence to the jagged rocks a hundred
feet or more beneath.

  As Thalia glanced down, her prac-
ticed eye saw the danger, which was for
the moment extreme. Swinging herself
face downward across the ledge, she
gripped the shoulder of Dallas' loose
khaki coat. Although unable to hold
his weight, she could nevertheless take
a good deal of it, and, what was more
important, shift it to the side of the
foot which was well planted. Dallas,
feeling the other foot beginning to slip
on the face of the rock, and realizing
the danger of his position, knew in-
stinctively that if he fell he would drag
the girl after him. He turned his
blanched face up to hers.

  “Let go!” he gasped. “I’m all right.”
Thalia’s own face was like chalk.
“Kick yourself back to the ledge!”
she panted. “Quick!”

  Dallas’ hand, as well as his foot,
was braced against the outer wall; the
fingers of his other hand were hooked
in a little crevice.

  “I’d lose my balance.”

 “No, you won’t! Do as I say!”
Thalia spoke through her clenched
teeth.

  “All right, here goes!”

  Putting out all his strength, Dallas
thrust himself violently back against
the face of the cliff. As he did so, Thalia
swung his body with all her force in
the same direction, and for a moment
held him barely balanced against the
sheer side of the rock. But Dallas felt
that he could not keep his position.
“Let go!” he gasped.

  “Now reach up and grab that knob
of rock with your free hand.”

  “Don’t dare!”

  “Do as I say!”

  Like a man in a nightmare, he swung
his arm upward; fflr a moment he hung
poised, on the verge of falling; then his
fingers closed on the projection, and
for the moment he was safe.
3 <P<RINCBSS OF THE <BALKANS

33

 “Now climb up!” said Thalia.
“Slowly!”

  With his heart in his mouth, Dallas
slowly raised himself to the rim of the
ledge, then over it, and a moment later
was lying face downward on the rock.

  For a few seconds he neither moved
nor spoke. Then he turned his hag-
gard, colorless face toward the girl.
Thalia’s breath was coming quickly, her
cheeks were like chalk, and her eyes
dark and luminous.

  “That was a close squeak,” said
Dallas.

  She nodded. Dallas raised himself
and crawled back from the brink.

  “Thalia,” said he, “if I had fallen,
you’d have come, too.”

  “I should have wanted to.”

  Dallas held out his hand, and Thalia
dropped hers into it. Their eyes met
for a moment; then those of the girl
looked away.

  “We are all right now,” said she.
“The rest is easy.”

  Dallas did not answer, and for a
moment the two sat side by side in si-
lence. Then Thalia, who had been
looking down upon the cabin far be-
neath, uttered a little exclamation.

  “What is it?” asked Dallas.

  “Those people.” She pointed down-
ward.

  Staring in the direction indicated,
Dallas saw a company of men ascend-
ing the trail which led to the hut, There
appeared to be about a dozen, all of
whom were carrying guns. As far as
he could see, for the distance was con-
siderable, the men were dressed like the
shepherds and swineherds which they
had met from time to time.

  “Who are they ?” he asked.

  Thalia shook her head.

  “I don’t like it,” muttered Dallas.

  “Nor I.”

  He glanced at her quickly. “Brig-
ands?”

  “Look!” cried the girl. “There! Be-
hind the hut! What is Dimitri doing?”

C3A

  In the rear of the cabin they could
see the guide apparently pawing at
something under the edge of the wall.
As they watched, puzzled and dis-
turbed, the man hauled a gun from un-
derneath the cabin. Laying the weapon
aside, he reached in again and hauled
out another, then a third and a fourth.
And then suddenly Dallas understood.

  “It's a trap \” he snarled, turning his
pale face to Thalia. “The swine is
stealing the rifles! You see? He
knocked a hole in the mud wall and
shoved the guns through, then went
around behind so as not to be seen. It’s
a put-up job, Thalia! He’s been wait-
ing for that gang down below.”

  As he spoke, the Serb gathered up
the four guns and stood for a moment
as if listening. Dallas quickly unslung
his rifle and flung himself face down-
ward on the edge of the cliff.

  “What!” cried Thalia breathlessly.
“You are going to—to—■—■”

  Her voice failed her. But Dallas
was measuring the range with a cold,
practiced eye.

 “Seven hundred—eight hundred—
but it’s a drop,” he Inuttered, fingering
the sight of the beautiful weapon.

  Thalia clasped her hands over her
mouth. Her light hazel eyes had grown
suddenly black.

  Down below, the treacherous Serb
had turned and was stealing away. In
front of the cabin, Sir James and Paula
were standing side by side, apparently
looking up toward the ledge. Connors
was not in sight. The company of men
coming up the trail had stopped under
the brow of the hill, and appeared to be
waiting.

  Lying face downward, Dallas cud-
dled the stock of his rifle under his chin.
Thalia, her hands still clasped over her
mouth, was watching Dimitri, who
presently paused again and looked back.

  Dallas was as rigid as the rocks be-
neath him. The long, thin, blue-black
34

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

rifle barrel had lost its slight oscillation
and was motionless as he.

  Then all at once there leaped from
the muzzle a pale-blue jet; there was a
sharp report, which was the next in-
stant rolled out from the sheer side of
the mountain in echoing reverberations.
Dallas jerked his head quickly to the
side, while as if by instinct his hand
went to the lever and threw a fresh
cartridge into the chamber.

  But there was no need. Far below,
the small, crouching figure of Dimitri
lurched suddenly forward, his arms
flew out, and the rifles went scattering
in all directions. The body straight-
ened, and a faint yell was wafted up in
thin and tremulous tones. Then the
guide’s figure swayed, tottered, and fell
upon the ground, where it lay motion-
less.

CHAPTER VIII.

  Thalia stifled a little scream, then
‘ Well shot!” she cried, with spirit.

  Still lying on his face, with the muz-
zle of his rifle projecting over the edge
of the cliff, Dallas turned to her a
white face in which his gray eyes shone
like two pieces of jade.

  “Thanks. It wasn’t so bad, consider-
ing the range—eh?”

  But Thalia was looking down upon
the cabin far beneath.

  “Look!” she cried.

  At the sound of the rifle shot, Con-
nors had come quickly out of the hut;
then, as Dimitri’s death scream rang
out, he and Sir James had rushed into
the hut, as Dallas guessed, to secure
their weapons. An instant later they
emerged, passed around the cabin, and
when Thalia spoke they were leaning
over the body of the Serb. Presently
Connors rolled it on its back in a man-
ner which shewed Dallas that the guide
was quite dead; then the Irishman
looked up toward the mountainside and
waved his hat, as if in acknowledgment
of the success of Dallas’ long shot.

  “You killed!” said Thalia between
her teeth.

  “That was my object. He deserved
it, don’t you think?”

  The girl threw him a quick, curious
look.

  “Did you ever kill a man before?”
“No. But it looks as if I might have
to kill a few more pretty soon. See
there!” He waved his rifle toward the
cabin. The wild-looking band of armed
men had passed around the edge of the
clearing and come in sight of the hut.
Sir James had returned to Paula, and
Connors, who had gathered up the rifles
dropped by the Serb, was standing by
the cabin door, apparently loading
them. Suddenly Sir James turned and
stared at the band, whch was distant
about a hundred yards; then, preceded
by Paula, walked to the hut and en-
tered.

  “Ah!” muttered Dallas. “They see
them. Wish we were down there.
What do you think they are, Thalia?
Brigands?” He looked up at the girl,
who nodded. They .were both rather
pale, and Thalia’s eyes had darkened.

  “Yes,” she answered; “brigands for
the time being, probably recruited by
Dimitri to rob us and perhaps hold us
for ransom. It was arranged, no doubt,
between him and the herder at the cabin
of whom we stopped last night. See”
—she pointed downward—“the swine-
herd is talking to them, and they are
looking up here.”

  “They will be hunting us directly,”
growled Dallas, “and I’ve only four
rounds left. What rotten luck, to have
been up here just when that gang ar-
rived ! But if we had been down there,
the chances are that Dimitri would have
got away with the guns,” he added
thoughtfully.

 “We are much better here than
there,” said Thalia. “Those other peo-
ple are trapped; but they are two good
fighting men, and have rifles and plenty
of ammunition, and there is venison
A ‘PRINCESS OF THE 'BALKANS

35

and water and wine and other food in
the hut. They can stand three days’
siege, and by that time we can rescue
them.”

  “We can ?”

  “Yes. Don’t you see what we have
got to do? We are just on the edge of
my country; it is only the other side
of those hills.” She motioned across
the valley. “Two days’ journey on foot,
and we shall^ begin to fall in with the
Shkipetari. The first Albanian we meet
will raise his clan in no time when I
tell him who I am, and we will come
back here and feed that carrion”—she
tossed her head toward the herders—
“to the jackals.”

  Dallas glanced at her quickly. The
girl’s voice carried a fierce little ring,
there was a bright red spot in either
cheek, and her eyes were aflame. For
the first time the young man realized
that the girl beside him was herself
pure Albanian, a native of the wild
mountain fastnesses which had been the
scene of so many sanguinary feuds, and
that she herself possessed no very thick
veneer of what is generally understood
as civilization. But he cast his eyes in
the direction of the wild country which
intervened and shook his head doubt-
fully.

  “Do you think that we could do it?”
he asked.

  “We have got to!”

  “But first we must get past these peo-
ple ; then we would not dare to take the
road, but would have to go cross coun-
try, and we have no food nor shelter—
not even a blanket. Where could you
sleep ?”

  “On the ground. We can build a
fire. What else is there to do?”

  “Give ourselves up,” said Dallas, “if
it is only the question of a ransom.”
Thalia’s mouth grew scornful.

  “You may if you like,” she answered.
“I shall try for Dakabar!”

  Dallas turned to her a slightly red-
dened face. “It is for the safety of

you girls, of course,” he said. “This is
my expedition, and I will stand any in-
cidental expenses—such as a few thou-
sand pounds’ ransom. I should far
rather do that than to expose you to
danger and hardship.”

  Thalia’s face softened. She stooped
and patted Dallas’ shoulder as he lay
half sprawled on one hip, his rifle under
him.

  “You are a dear,” said she. “But
my plan is not so difficult. We can slip
past those men in the beech woods on
the other side of this mountain. And
you still have four shots. The others
can hold out. Oh, look! Look down
there, Dallas!”

  The herders were advancing in a
body toward the hut. When they were
within fifty yards of the door, Sir
James stepped out, rifle in hand, and
waved them back. They halted, and
there appeared to be some sort of dis-
cussion going on, the hillmen, from
their gestures, apparently asserting
their friendly intentions, while the Eng-
lishman made from time to time the
backward motion with his rifle barrel.

  Then all at once the palaver came to
a sudden and startling end. There was
a commotion among the herders; Sir
James sprang quickly back into the hut.
Sudden jets of blue-white smoke leaped
out from the clustered hillmen, and a
moment later the crash of a scattering
volley came up in multiple reverbera-
tions.

  “The murderous swine!” snarled
Dallas, instinctively shoving out his
30-40. But Thalia, crouching beside
him, laid her hand quickly on his arm.

  “Save your shots,” said she. “We
may need them.”

  “That’s -so.” He lowered the rifle
and looked at her over his shoulder.
“Hope nobody got hit. That shack is
built of stones and mud, and ought to
stop bullets. Ah!”

  The hillmen had opened their ranks,
and were approaching the cabin, when
36

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

two thin puffs of smoke leaped appar-
ently from the solid wall. A faint yell
quavered up from beneath. One of the
herders pitched forward on his face,
while another reeled backward and fell
across a pile of stones. Again came the
fatal spurts of smoke from the cabin,
and another hillman was down and
crawling away on all fours. The herd-
ers scattered swiftly, flying for shelter
in all directions, while the air was filled
with the rumbling reverberations
thrown back from one side of the valley
to the other.

  Dallas turned a pale but exultant face
toward Thalia.

 “Fine! Oh, fine he cried, and
clapped his thigh. “They've knocked
loopholes in all four walls! Gad!
There are three of the beggars out of
the running, Thalia! How many more
were there in the gang? A dozen, per-
haps ?”

  “More than that. But, Dallas, we
must go.”

  “Then you want to try for Daka-
bar ?”

  “What else is there to do? Those
animals mean murder and loot. And
we have no time to spare. They know
that we are up here.”

  He nodded and swung himself to his
feet.

  “Yes; they will be stalking us pres-
ently. The war is on now. We will
try to get around into the woods on the
other side of the mountain, then work
down to the river. Do you think we
can get across?”

  “We must—even if we have to swim
for it.”

  Dallas did not answer, but led the
way along the little shelf, which pres-
ently broadened into a sort of grassy
terrace, almost a mountain pasture.
Crossing this, they came upon a steep,
bowlder-strewn slope which a quarter
of a mile below was met by a heavy
growth of beech woods extending all
the way down into the valley. Far be-

low they could hear the roar of the

Moravitza.

  Down the rocky slope they plunged
as fast as safety would permit, then
presently the forest closed in about
them; splendid beeches and oaks, with
here and there scattering conifers,
pines, and firs. There was very little
underbrush, and their eyes were kept
alert for any sign of the enemy.

  Both were beginning to think that
they would reach the river unmolested
when from close at hand upon their
right there came a loud report, and a
bullet hummed past their heads.

  “Jump behind a tree!” cried Dallas.

  Five paces to their left, a big beech
reared its sheltering trunk, and under
the cover of this they slipped like In-
dians. About a hundred yards away,
a blue cloud of smoke was dissipating
m the thick foliage overhead.

  “He’s behind that oak!” whispered
Dallas. “Crouch down, Thalia; I’ll
shoot over your head if I get sight of
him.”

  For a moment they waited; then
Dallas muttered: “Stop here; I’ll run
him out.”

  It had crossed his mind that their
enemy was probably armed with a muz-
zle loader; also that they had little time
to lose. Between them and the oak
about which the smoke was swirling
there were several big trees, and, leav-
ing his shelter, Dallas ran for the cover
of the nearest. Just as he reached it, he
caught a glimpse of a dark figure run-
ning back into the woods. Dallas
sprang clear of his tree, threw up his
rifle, took a quick shot at a range of
not more than fifty yards, and saw the
man plunge headforemost into a clump
of bushes which looked like laurel.

  “Got him!” he called to Thalia.
“Come on!”

 Together they ran on down the
wooded slope. A little lower, they en-
countered a thick growth of scrub, into
which they slipped like hares, plunging
A <P<RINCESS OF THE ^BALKANS

37

through thorns and brambles, from
which they finally emerged upon the
bank of the river.

  “Listen!” said Thalia, as they
crouched in the dense willow growth
that fringed the shore.

  Not far behind them there had bro-
ken out a clamor of savage yells, which
were answered faintly from higher up
the mountains.

  “They are coming!” panted Dallas.
“We can’t stop here. Let’s try to get
across.”

  They had struck the river at one of
its still reaches, and, as the autumn
rains had not yet begun, the stream was
low, with pebbly bars and broad, stand-
ing pools. Close to the opposite bank,
however, they could see a narrow chan-
nel of swift, dark water, which a little

farther downstream was hidden from

                                      /

sight by what would have been when
the river was high a long, narrow island
thickly covered with bushes and a
growth of willows. Dallas pointed to-
ward it with his rifle barrel.

  “Let’s get over there,” he said. “It
seems to be a good cover, and we can
cross on the other side without being
seen. That is, if we can cross.”

 Pushing their way through the
bushes, they came out upon the shingly
river bed, where for a hundred yards
they were exposed to great danger of
being seen. But their enemies were
apparently higher up in the woods, and
they reached the island undiscovered
and crawled into the scrub, where they
sank down for a moment to rest and
breathe.

  “Looks deep on the other side,” said
Dallas.

  “We can wade it, I think.”

  “Hope so.”

  “Can’t you swim?"'

  “I’d rather smoke. Besides, here’s
the rifle.”

  “Give that to me.”

  “Look here, Thalia, you leave that
rifle alone. I’m a good deal of a duf-

fer, I knowT, but I haven’t reached the
stage where I must have my gun car-
ried up cliffs and across rivers for me
by a girl.”

  “You are a little new7 to climbing,”
said Thalia, “and you may not be much
of a swimmer; but you can shoot!”
She rose to her feet. “Wait here; I
want to see how deep it is.”

  Dallas waited, closely watching the
opposite bank. A moment later, Thalia
returned.

  “We can wade it,” she said. “The
water is not more than wraist-deep, and
the current is less swift than it looks.
What is the matter?” For Dallas’ face
was very grave.

  “1 was thinking,” said he, “that it’s
a pretty serious matter to have to lie
out in the woods soaking wet. There
is frost almost every night up here.”
Thalia smiled; then the color poured
into her face.

  “We can take them off/' said she.
“W7hat!” Dallas turned to her so
shocked and startled a face that she
burst into a laugh.

  “Don’t look so scandalized, Dallas.
You can stop here until you hear me
whistle. Then I will go up into the
bushes and you can come over. There’s
no Mrs. Grundy in the Kapaonik
Mountains.”

  Dallas laughed. “My word, Thalia,
but you are a good little sport! Go
ahead, then, because we haven’t any
time to lose.”

  For a moment their eyes met. Tha-
lia’s cheeks were very red and her lips
like coral. Thorn and brier had left
their cruel marks across her flushed,
lovely face; the scarf of her kalpak was
gone, and stray wisps of her bronze-
black hair had escaped from under the
rim of her cap and were curling about
her delicate ears. As Dallas looked at
her, his face was lit by a sudden glow
of admiration, and at the expression
in his habitually cynical eyes Thalia
38

THE cPOcPULAcR MAGAZINE

first looked questioning, then turned
away with a deeper flush.

  “Gad! But you’re a wonder !” said
Dallas. “You look as if you actually
liked it all.”

  “I should not mind—if it were not
for the others.”

  “It is James that should be here,”
said Dallas, “instead of me.”

  She slightly raised her chin. “And
you ought to be with Paula.”

  “Had I? But run along, Thalia;
we’ve got no time to lose.”

  She turned and slipped into the
bushes, and a few moments later Dallas
heard the clinking of pebbles behind
him; for the little island, although per-
haps fifty yards in length, was not more
than four or five in width. He was re-
flecting on the gravity of the situation
and keeping a keen watch upon the op-
posite bank of the river, when from
almost the very spot where he and Tha-
lia had come out there emerged three
of the hillmen.

  Dallas’ grip on his rifle tightened in-
stinctively. The three men stood for
a moment looking up and down the
stream, then across in his direction. As
they were a little above the head of the
island, it suddenly occurred to Dallas
that from where they stood it might
be possible to see Thalia when she
reached the opposite bank. He climbed
to his feet, and, crouching low, pushed
his way through the dense bushes to the
edge of the channel. Halfway over,
Thalia was wading bosom-deep in the
clear, icy water. Her clothes, wrapped
into a snug bundle, were held poised
upon her head by one round, gleaming
arm. Although the current was not
swift, the girl was having a hard time
to keep her footing, as Dallas could see
from the unsteady movements of her
head and shoulders and the oscillations
of her free arm in the water. She
wore a single w'hite undergarment,
which was apparently impeding her bal-

ance, for she paused occasionally as if
to disentangle herself from its folds.

  Dallas whistled softly, and she looked
back over her shoulder, when he made
a sweeping gesture downstream, then
pointed toward the bank which they
had left. Thalia threw up her free arm
in answer. Dallas turned and crept
back to his ambush.

  The three hillmen had separated and
were walking out across the cobbly
river bottom. Suddenly the one far-
thest upstream paused and pointed to
the ground. The others joined him,
and for a moment all three studied the
cobbles attentively. It was evident to
Dallas that they had found the trail,
for they looked toward the little island
and half raised their weapons, then
proceeded warily in his direction.

  “There is nothing for it,” he thought
grimly, “but to pot all three.”

  He raised his rifle and covered the
man to the right. But for some reason
he found himself unable to pull the
trigger.

  “I’m a fool,” he thought, and, rising
to his feet, strode out upon the edge
of the bar.

  The herders saw him instantly and
stopped in their tracks. Dallas mo-
tioned them back. The men did not
move. Dallas repeated his gesture.
Two of the herders fell back a pace;
then the man on the left threw his
gun quickly to his shoulder and fired.
Dallas staggered back with a sense of
sharp, violent pain. There was a stab-
bing through his chest and a burning
sensation on the side of his head and
through his left forearm.

  With a little snarl of rage, he dropped
on one knee, threw his rifle to his shoul-
der, and, sighting on the man who had
fired, pulled the trigger. The fellow
screamed, flung out his arms, and went
over backward. The soft-nosed hunt-
ing bullet had struck him fairly in the
chest, mushroomed, and torn its way
through, killing him instantly.
A VCRINCESS OF THE ^BALKANS

39

  One of his companions turned and
fled back toward the bank. The other
raised his weapon and fired, then
wheeled about and followed him. Dal-
las, pulling himself together with an
effort, fired again, but missed. Quite
by instinct, he threw his last cartridge
into the chamber, and, setting his teeth,
for the pain in his arm was intense,
got the man’s back fairly before the
sights and fired again. This time the
bullet found its mark, and the man went
down, his weapon clattering among the
stones.

  Sick and giddy, Dallas turned and
crept back into the bushes, where he
sank to the ground. The blood was
streaming down the side of his face,
and his left arm felt numb and power-
less. There was a burning pain on the
right side of his chest. He pulled up
his flannel hunting shirt and discovered
a small hole from which the blood was
trickling in crimson drops. But a spot
on the outer edge of his right shoulder
blade was giving him intense pain, and,
placing his left hand over it, he felt a
small, hard object just beneath the skin.

  “Guess I’m rather badly hit/' he
thought, “but I must get across before
I get any weaker.”

  Laying down the rifle, now useless
for lack of ammunition, he staggered
through the bushes and into the icy
water. Directly opposite stood Thalia,
clad in a long white garment which fell
from her shoulders to her knees.

  “Are you hit ?” she cried tremulously.

  “Yes,” he answered, and waded out
into the stream.

  Halfway across, the water deepened
suddenly; an eddy of the current caught
him and swept him off his feet. Down
he went, but came up to find a fresh
footing. The trees on the opposite
bank were blurred and misty, and he
seemed to be drifting with the current.
All at once the river bottom dropped
from under his feet. Acting by in-
stinct, he struck out feebly. Then there

came a roaring in his ears, and green,
swirling lights before his eyes, but he
struggled to the surface., and as he did
so saw Thalia’s face close beside his
own and felt a strong grasp on his
shoulder. The bottom seemed to rise
up under his feet again, and he tot-
tered up the bank, to sink down help-
lessly upon the sun-warmed pebbles.

  Thalia was kneeling beside him, her
face drawn and white and tense.

  “Are you badly hurt?” she cried.
“Don’t think so,” muttered Dallas.
“Go and dress.” He struggled to sit
up, but Thalia flung one arm across his
chest and drew him back until his head
rested on her knee, where it lay with
a little stream of blood trickling down
from his forehead.

  The girl’s swift fingers explored the
wound. From the side of the forehead
to the temple the scalp was plowed
open. Thalia gave a sigh of relief.

  “It glanced off.”

  “Yes,” muttered Dallas; “the brute
peppered me with buckshot.”

  “Where else are you hit?”

  “In the forearm; and there’s a slug
somewhere in my chest. But I’m feel-
ing better now. Go and dress, Thalia.”
But Thalia was examining the fore-
arm. Apparently the bullet was im-
bedded somewhere in the muscles, as
there was no wound of exit.

  “Where else? In the chest?” She
drew up the woolen shirt, and at sight
of the small, sinister-looking bullet hole,
gave a little gasp.

  “It doesn’t hurt,” said Dallas. “I
don’t think it went through. Probably
hit a rib and went around, because I
felt it over here on the side. What
nasty brutes—to sprinkle you with
buckshot!”

  “Are you in much pain?”

“No, I’m not in any pain. That cold
water made ’em all numb. But you
go and dress. Do you hear me? Go
and dress! You will catch cold!”
Thalia rose slowly to her feet, and
40

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

stood contemplating him with an utter
disregard for the scantiness of her at-
tire, which had in it something primi-
tively heroic. Her expressive face was
knit in lines of anxious thought.

  “Could you get up the bank and into
the bushes?” she asked.

  “Yes, of course. I’m not badly hurt.
It was only the first shock that knocked
me out.”

  “But that wound in your chest ?”

  “Don’t believe it went in. There
would be blood in my mouth if it had.
Probably followed the rib around, or it
would not be there just under the skin.”
He clambered to his feet and stood for
a minute, as if gauging his strength.
Seeing the pallor of his face, Thalia
stepped to his side and passed her
round, bare arm under his.

  “Lean on me,” she said.

  Steadied by the girl, he walked up the
short, pebbly beach and pushed his way
into the willows, where he half fell,
half sank to the ground, his head swim-
ming and his vision vague and misty.
Thalia, startled at his pallor, leaned
over him.

  “Lie down,” said she. “You’re still
faint.”

  Distressed more by his faintness
than by the pain of his wounds, Dallas
closed his eyes and let his head fall
backward. He was dimly conscious
that it was being gently supported; then
it seemed to him that he heard a sound
of tearing cloth. A moment later his
head began to clear again, and he
opened his eyes and looked up under
the brim of a bandage bound snugly
across his forehead, and into the face
of Thalia, who was bending anxiously
over him.

  “What’s this thing?” He raised his
hand to his head.

  “A bandage, my dear.”

  Where did you get it?”

  “At the chemist’s around the cor-
ner.”

  Dallas raised himself till he sat up-

right. He looked at Thalia, who was
sitting cross-legged, an anxious smile
on her lips and her wet garment hang-
ing limply from her shoulders.

  “I thought I told you to go and
dress,” said Dallas sternly. “Now go!
I shall not speak to you again until you
get your clothes on.”

  He turned his back upon the girl,
and sat for a few minutes trying to
fight off his light-headedness. A little
time elapsed; then the bushes behind
him rustled, and he looked over his
shoulder to see Thalia, a Servian peas-
ant boy again. She looked at him in-'
quiringly.

  "I feel quite fit now,” said he. “But,
Thalia, we are in a bad fix.”

  She nodded, her lovely face very
grave.

  “There is only one thing for us to
do, Dallas. I have found a little path
which must lead up to a house not far
above us, because I followed it for a
few steps and came upon a spring, all
stoned in, with footprints in the ground
about it. We must go up and take our
chances.”

  “You think it’s safe?”

  “There’s no choice. You are wounded
and soaking wet, and must have shel-
ter. Besides, hospitality is a very sa-
cred thing all through these mountains
—all over the Balkans, in fact. Per-
haps I can talk to the people and make
them understand that it would be to
their profit to treat us well. Can you
walk a little distance?”

  “Oh, yes; I’m all right now. You
are right, Thalia; we’ve got to have
shelter.”

 Pushing their way through the
bushes, they came presently upon a lit-
tle footpath which wound up through
a pine grove to come out a short dis-
tance beyond upon a small plateau cov-
ered with splendid oaks. The spot was
charmingly picturesque: one hundred
feet below them flowed the Moravitza;
on three sides of the plateau the land
A <P<RINCESS OF THE BALKANS

41

fell away steeply, and on the fourth
rose the precipitous side of the moun-
tain. There was no underbrush, and
through the vistas between the big tree
trunks they could see far down the val-
ley and catch glimpses of the distant
hills bathed in the brilliant yellow sun-
light of the late afternoon.

  “There’s the cabin,” said Thalia,
pointing toward the mountainside.

  Snugly built in the shelter of the
overhanging cliffs was a clean little
dwelling, tidy and picturesque, con-
structed of stones and clay, with a roof
of hand-hewn pine slabs. Behind it, at
a little distance, was a shed or stable,
and about the door of this some she-
goats were browsing quietly, their kids
tucked here and there asleep in the
sunny patches, fluffy little balls of fur.
The door of the cabin was slightly ajar.
There was not a sound about the place,
nor was there any smoke coming from
the chimney.

  Thalia and Dallas walked straight up
to the cabin, then paused, and the girl
called aloud. There was no reply, but
as they waited a large yellow cat came
walking calmly out, and, with its tail
straight in the air, approached the girl
and rubbed, purring, against her leg.

  The man and the girl looked at each
other and smiled.

  “A kind welcome at least,” said he.

  The wise-faced nanny goats had been
regarding them curiously, but with no
sign of alarm. The kids also had raised
their baby faces to look, and, as Dallas
spoke, one of the little creatures hopped
upon its stumpy feet and came bound-
ing toward him, first to butt playfully
at his knee and then to sniff at his fin-
gers with a soft, expectant little nose.
The mother followed more slowly and
sedately and with no trace of fear.

  “If the people receive us as kindly as
their animals,” said Dallas, “we shall
be in luck.”

  Thalia, who had been closely scru-

tinizing the cabin, turned to him a face
which showed great relief.

  “I think we have come to the right
place,” said she. “This is the cabin of
a holy man, probably a hermit.”
“Christian ?”

  “No, Mohammedan. But he must be
really a good man, and no doubt kind,
from the way his pets behave. Do you
see those little scraps of rags fastened
to the window shutters ?”

  “Yes. What are they?”

  “Prayers—or, at least, reminders of
prayers. Votive offerings of a sort.
Let’s look in.”

  They walked toward the cabin, and
the cat followed, purring. As they
reached the door, there was a fluttering
over their heads, and a large jay came
tumbling from the treetops, a flash of
blue and gray shimmering feathers.
The bird fluttered about their heads,
then lighted on the window sill and
hopped inside.

  Thalia glanced at Dallas and smiled;
then, slipping a loop of cord from a
peg in the door, pushed it open and
entered.

   Within was a single large room, quite
bare and scrupulously neat and clean.
There was a big, open fireplace, and
in one corner a sort of raised platform,
on which were spread some sheepskins
and a heavy woolen blanket. In the
other corner were some shelves filled
with what looked to be manuscripts.
In front of the window stood a rough
table, on which was an earthen vessel
holding a cluster of late roses, beside
which were a pair of big, steel-rimmed
spectacles, an inkwell, a long plume
pen, and a large leather-bound book.
The jay bird had entered through a
crevice between the shutters and was
pecking at some crumbs of bread on the
table. It cocked its head, gave them a
bright, inquiring look, then strutted
back to the window and flew out with
a burst of melody which sounded like
bird laughter.
42

THE <POcPULAR MAGAZINE

  “There can’t be much harm in this
man,” said Dallas. “Suppose we con-
sider ourselves his guests.”

  He crossed the room and seated him-
self on the edge of the platform. Tha-
lia, glancing at him, saw that his face
was very pale, and that his lips were
blue and trembling. She was at his side
instantly.

  “Lie down,” said she. “I will build a
fire, and then we must get off those wet
clothes and see to your wounds.”
Dallas stretched himself out and
drew the blanket over him. His teeth
were beginning to chatter, and all his
strength had suddenly left him. He
pulled out his match box, which was
fortunately water-tight, and handed it
to the girl. Thalia went out, to return
presently with an armful of wood, and
in a few moments there was a fire blaz-
ing on the hearth.

  “Now we must make you comfort-
able,” said she.' “Are you in pain ?”
“No—just a little stiff and sore.”
He began to struggle with his coat.
Thalia went to his aid.

  “I can manage,” muttered Dallas.
“Nonsense! You are a wounded
man, and I am your nurse.”

 “But-”

  “Don’t talk. Keep the blanket over
you. Now let us get off this wet shirt.
Now let me see your arm. What a
wicked-looking little hole! The bullet
is in there. Shouldn’t it come out?”

  “I don’t see how we’re going to man-
age it. Let it stay.” Dallas sank back
and pulled the blanket over him.

  Thalia was tearing some cloth into
strips. Hearing the ripping noise, Dal-
las turned his head and looked at her.
“What are you doing?”

  “Don’t ask questions.”

 “But you mustn’t-”

  “Hush! I am going out now to get
some pine balsam from one of those
trees to smear over the wvound. That
is Shkipetari treatment. It stings a
little, but it is clean and healing.”

  “You’re a wonder!” muttered Dallas.
The girl went out, to return pres-
ently with some of nature’s ointment
on a piece of bark, when the wounds
were quickly bandaged. Dallas,
wrapped in the big woolen blanket, with
his head on a pile of sheepskins, fell
into a doze. When he opened his eyes
again, he saw that his clothes were dry-
ing in front of the fire, while Thalia
stood beside him with a smile on her
red lips and a bowl in her hand.

  “I have been milking the goats.
Come, Dallas, drink this. We were
fortunate to find this place. There is
corn meal and cheese and olives and
some dried plums, and I have found a
little cave outside stored full of beet
roots and turnips and cabbages. Be-
sides, there are some chickens shut up
in a coop between the cabin and the
cliffs. We shall not starve.”

  “Any sign of our host?”

  “No. Do you know, Dallas, I have
an idea that he may have heard the
firing and gone across the river to see
what it was all about. Perhaps he has
persuaded the herders to go away.”
“You haven’t heard any more fir-
ing?”

  “Not a shot.”

  “Then perhaps you are right.”

  “Oh, I hope so! I hope so!”

  “He may have gone on with James
and the others.”

  “But do you think that they would
go without us?”

  “Very possibly; because, you see,
they would be likely to guess at our
plan, and they must have heard the fir-
ing down there by the river. They
could tell the crack of my 30-40, and
very likely think that by this time we
are miles away.”

  Thalia nodded thoughtfully, and for
a few moments neither spoke. Pres-
ently Dallas muttered as if to himself:
“Poor old James!”

  “Why?” asked Thalia quickly.
A VXRINCBSS OF THE ^BALKANS

43

 “Think how worried he must be
about you, Thalia.”

  “Why not about you?”

  “Oh, well, I’m a man; and, you see,
he’s—in love with you.”

  “Indeed!”

  Dallas looked at her curiously. “Of
course he is. Has he never told you
so?”

  “Never.”

  “Well, he is.”

  “What makes you think so?”

  “Oh, several things. Among others,
his telling me so about sixteen times a
day.”

  “And Paula? Are you not horribly
worried about her?”

  “Naturally. But I don’t see what
there is to do about it. I say, Thalia,
it is James who ought to be here now
in my place.”

 “Wounds and all? How nice of
you!”

  “I’d forgot all about the wounds.”
“But not about Paula,” said the girl,
in a low voice.

  “But I’m not in love with Paula, nor
she with me. I’m very fond of her, and
think she’s a little brick and the best
little sport in the world, barring one.
I say, Thalia, aren’t my clothes almost
dry ?”

  Thalia got up and examined the gar-
ments, which she had wrung out and
hung before the hot blaze.

  “Quite. Perhaps you had better put
them on.”

  “I think so. I can manage; just give
them to me, and then go out and play
with the kids.”

  The girl obeyed in silence. A little
later, when Dallas called her, she came
in to find him dressed again and puz-
zling over the big book on the table
by the platform.

  “What’s this thing?” asked Dallas.
“The Koran. Do you find it inter-
esting?”

  “Very. The whole state of affairs

is that, but you are the most interesting
of all, my dear girl.”

  She threw him a quick look, then
walked to the door of the cabin and
seated herself upon the threshold,
where she remained in silence, watch-
ing the setting sun as it sank in a crim-
son glow behind the hilltops far down
the valley.

  Presently she arose, and, walking to
the table, poured some milk into the
bowl, and, setting it on the hearthstone,
called the yellow cat, which came pur-
ring and placidly proceeded to make its
evening meal. Dallas looked at the two
and smiled.

  “Quite cozy and domestic,” said he.
“But, really, I ought to be James.”
Thalia turned to him swiftly; a little
line had drawn itself between her eyes,
which were dark and glowing.

 “Can you think of nothing but
James?” she demanded, with a little
toss of her chin.

 “But, Thalia-”

  “It is just James, James, James. I
must say I don’t think that it is in very
good taste, Mr. Dallas.”

  “Oh, come, Thalia, you know per-
fectly well-”

  “I don’t know anything,” she replied
sharply, “except that you seem to be
very much upset because it is you and
not James here in this cabin with me.
I have tried to take good care of you
and to be cheerful, and not to show
how anxious I have been, and worried,

and—and-” She turned away with

a little stamp of her sandaled foot.

  “But, Thalia, don’t you see—don’t
you think I’m appreciative of your
pluck and resource and cheerfulness
and all that ? I am thinking about you.”
“Indeed! One would never guess it!
It seems as though you were thinking
of nobody but James!”

  “I am sorry.”

  “So am I—very! I wish it were—
James.” She stopped and began to
stroke the cat. Dallas, lying on the
44

THE ‘POVULA'R MAGAZINE

platform, regarded her with a puzzled
face.

  “Do you really? Of course! Why
shouldn’t you?”

  Outside, the late summer sunset had
softened to a rich, delicious afterglow.
Thalia got up suddenly and walked to
the door, where she stood for a mo-
ment, breathing deeply the sweet even-
ing air. A kid ran up to her and began
to push its hard, downy little head play-
fully against her knees. The girl leaned
down to stroke the small animal, then
pushed one finger into the moist little
mouth, when, play forgotten, it began
to suck lustily and to bite with its baby
teeth.

  Dallas moved restlessly, when she
turned and looked at him, her lovely
face filled with shadows, and her eyes
large and dark and inscrutable.

  “I say, Thalia, you’ve had no sup-
per.”

  “Indeed I have! Some corn bread
and milk and cheese. That is a feast
for an Albanian. You see, Mr. Dallas,
you are of a different race and one ac-
customed to luxury, whereas I am a
Shkipetari hill girl, and able to live roy-
ally where you would starve. To-night
you can have only warm milk, because
you are an invalid and there is danger
of fever from your wounds. But to-
morrow, if you are doing nicely, you
shall have some eggs and other deli-
cacies, and be as carefully fed and
cared for as if you were—James.
There is not a great deal to do with,
but I shall do my best, Mr. Dallas.”
“Stop calling me Mr. Dallas!”

  Thalia did not answer. Presently
Dallas said: “Where are you going to
sleep?”

  “On the floor in front of the fire.”
“Indeed you shall do nothing of the
sort! Besides, you have no blanket.”
“But where else can I sleep? And
I do not need a blanket. You see, I
am just a Balkan hillwoman, and-”

  “Stop it, Thalia! What is the mat-
ter with you?”

  “I’m sure I don’t know what you
mean.”

  “You shall sleep here. I am going
to sleep in front of the fire myself.”

  “That is nonsense.” Thalia crossed
the room and walked to the side of the
platform.

  “I mean it. Do you think I’m going
to pig everything, just because I’ve got
a couple of buckshot under my pelt? I
shall camp in front of the fire.” For-
getting his wounded arm, Dallas shoved
himself upright, then sat swaying gid-
dily from the pain caused by the effort.

  “Dallas! Don’t! Can’t you be good ?
Lie down! Oh, please, please, please !
If you only knew how worried I am
about you!” Thalia’s rich voice broke.

  The man was too weak to contend
further, so it ended in the girl’s having
her own way in sleeping in front of the
fire, while Dallas sank back, exhausted,
onto the platform.

CHAPTER IX.

  Dallas was awakened by a thin sun-
beam which had found its way through
a crevice in the shutters and_ was shin-
ing directly into his eyes. He blinked
and sat up, dazed and bewildered.

  A stab of pain in his arm brought
him quickly back to a sense of his sur-
roundings. „ The wound of his head did
not bother him, but his side was very
sore. Otherwise he felt himself quite
fit and with no indication of fever.

  Resting on one elbow, he looked
about him with a smile. Outside, the
jay birds were protesting violently at
the late opening hours of their restau-
rant, and the goats were bleating ex-
pectantly. From the brightness of the
sunshine, Dallas guessed that the day
must be well advanced, but as door and
shutters were closed, the light in the
cabin was still deeply subdued.

  Snuggled up against the young man
A PRINCESS OF THE ^BALKANS

45

lay the yellow cat. In front of the fire
slept the Lady Thalia; and Dallas,
glancing with a smile from one to the
other of his companions, found it im-
possible to determine which appeared
to be the more at ease. Thalia’s face
was turned toward him; her cheek was
on one palm, her lips slightly parted,
and her wavy hair tumbled about her
face, which was a little flushed and
dewy with sleep. Her heavy, double-
breasted tunic of homespun wool was
loosened at the neck, and her soft
throat looked very white and delicate
against the rough fabric. In spite of
her hard bed, she appeared to be sleep-
ing as easily as a child tucked up in its
crib.

  As Dallas looked at her, his eyes
grew tender. “Dear little girl,” he
thought. “No wonder James is crazy
about her! Not many women could go
through such an ordeal as yesterday
and come out of it as fresh and undis-
mayed.”

  He could not take his eyes from her,
and perhaps the girl felt in her sleep
the intensity of his gaze, for presently
she sighed, yawned, straightened out
her limbs like a pussycat, and sleepily
pushed the hair back from her face
with one small hand; then the long,
dark lashes slowly lifted, and her tawny
eyes looked straight into his. Wider
they opened, and wider still, with an
expression of such hopeless bewilder-
ment that Dallas laughed outright.
Then intelligence came flooding back,
and her face turned rosy pink.

  “Oh!” she gasped, and sat up, gath-
ering her tumbled hair in both hands.
Her lips parted with a smile of embar-
rassment.

  “How do you feel?” she asked, a
trifle breathlessly.

  “Like a fighting cock. Did you have
a good sleep?”

  “Delicious! This mountain air! It
got rather cold in the night, and I built
up the fire. How do the wounds feel ?”

  “Wouldn’t know that I had ’em! I
think that they are going to close with-
out making any trouble. There can’t
be much infection in this climate, and,
besides, I always heal quickly.”

  Thalia leaned forward and began to
lace up her sandals, then she rose and
crossed the room.

  “What are you up to now?” asked
Dallas.

  She threw him a saucy look. “I must
give the baby his milk. Then I am
going down for a dip in the river.”
“You’ll freeze!”

  “I like cold water. Then I must milk
the goats, and see if I can find some
eggs for your breakfast. You are to
lie still.”

  “It can’t hurt me to get up.”

  “Yes, it can. You are to keep still.”
  “All right.”

  She threw him a suspicious glance,
then went to the fire and heated some
of the goats’ milk, which Dallas drank
with a wry face. Thalia laughed, then
walked to the door of the cabin and
threw it wide, letting in a flood of sun-
light. On the threshold, she paused.

 “Now I am going to bathe. Be
good!” She blew him a little kiss.
“Stop it!” said Dallas.

  “Stop what?”

  “Throwing me kisses.”

  Thalia raised her eyebrows mock-
ingly.

  “What would James say?” growled
Dallas.

  “I hadn’t thought.”

  “Well, you must think! What if I
were to throw a kiss back to you ?”
“Dreadful! What would Paula say?”
“Oh, bosh ! Run along and take your
bath, and be careful.”

  When she had gone, Dallas got up
and went out into the fresh, fragrant
morning. Rather to his surprise, he
found himself a little unsteady on his
feet; also he discovered that moving
about gave him considerable pain in his
wounded side. When Thalia returned,
46

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

fresh and glowing, she found him sit-
ting on the threshold, basking in the
warm sunlight.

  “This is very naughty of you,” said
the girl. “Go straight back and lie
down 1” And Dallas was forced to
obey.

  ■ Upon the man’s repeated refusals to
allow her to sleep another night on the
floor, the Lady Thalia collected some
loose willow boughs and made for her-
self a rough, but effectual, screen
around the platform corner. She con-
sented to this arrangement only after
she had moved the sheepskins over in
front of the fire, so that Dallas could
rest there in comparative comfort.

 The day wore on, and the two re-
mained in undisturbed possession of the
little cabin. When the late shadows
began to lengthen, Dallas was permitted
to get up, and the two sat upon the
threshold and watched the crimson aft-
erglow flaming the skies over the dim
hills to the westward. From the valley
beneath, came the deep, caressing mur-
mur of the river, and a faint breeze
brought to them the night smells of the
forest, sweet with the odors of balsam
and fern. Soon the darkness came, and
the ruddy light from the fire began to
dance and flicker on the walls of the
cabin. Then Dallas was sent to bed
again and fed more milk and a vege-
table soup, thickened with cornmeal.
For a while the two discussed the con-
tinued absence of their host, and what
it might portend, and why it was that
nobody came near the little cabin.

 “He is probably a holy man,” said
Thalia, “and no doubt does miracles,
and the herders are afraid to come
near. There was once such a santon
who lived on the top of a mountain not
far from my father's castle. He was
a very holy man, and very kind, but all
the people were afraid of him because
he used to talk with the dead and bring
messages to the families of some -of
the Shkipetari from people who had

been killed in feuds or perhaps mur-
dered. Nobody would go near his hut
when he was away or in a trance. Per-
haps this man is like that.”

  “Are you afraid of such things,
Thalia ?”

  “A little.” She threw an apprehen-
sive glance about the cabin.

  “Afraid of the dead?” asked Dallas,
amused.

  “I like live people better.” She
moved a little closer. “We Shkipetari
are rather superstitious. But I have
lived so much in England that I am
not like the others.”

  “How did you come to live so much
in England?”

  “My father was a very enlightened
man, and a great student. He sent me
to Paris to school, and there I made
the acquaintance of an English girl and
used to visit at her home in England.
Up here in these mountains it is dif-
ferent. But I am not afraid when I
am with you.”

CHAPTER X.

  So the days went by, but the girl
would not hear of their leaving the
cabin until all the soreness should have
gone from Dallas’ wounds. No human
being came near to disturb the peace
of their little haven of refuge. Their
life became a quiet routine of home-
like duties: mornings Thalia milked
the goats and ground maize, of which
there was a plentiful store, and cooked
their simple meals, scarcely permitting
Dallas to lift a hand in physical work
of any kind. Late in the afternoons,
the two sat upon the threshold and
watched the early autumn sunsets, dis-
cussing many things, and watching the
coming of darkness.

  One evening, as they sat at the cabin
door, a splendid red-deer buck stalked
out of the forest and stood for a mo-
ment stamping and snorting and watch-
ing the two with bright, curious eyes.
A <P<RINCESS OF THE 'BALKANS

47

The night following, there was a great
bleating and scurrying among the goats.
Thalia threw open the shutters and
flung out a blazing firebrand, when the
tumult ceased. In the morning, they
found the tracks of a wolf in the damp
sand about the cabin.

  And so a week passed. Then Dallas
announced that he was fit for the trail.
His wounds had healed, as a surgeon
would say, by “first intention.” The
encysted buckshot caused him no incon-
venience, and there seemed no reason
why they should linger on.

  The two took counsel sitting on the
floor in front of the blazing fire. For
some reason, both were sad at the
thought of leaving the little home which
they had come to regard as their own.
Nothing had occurred to mar their per-
fect comradeship, although twice, when
discussing the possible fate of their
friends, Thalia had burst suddenly into
a storm of self-reproach, asserting her-
self to be the cause of whatever tragedy
might have happened and finishing in a
paroxysm of tears. The second time,
Dallas had thrown his arm about her
shoulders and talked to her as sooth-
ingly as though she had been an over-
wrought child, a method which proved
singularly effective. The frenzy of her
grief abated, he had drawn a little apart
and reasoned with her quietly until she
had recovered her self-control.

  From time to time the young man
had talked to her of Sir James, describ-
ing his many admirable qualities and
dwelling at some length upon the Eng-
lishman’s oft-asserted devotion to her-
self and the many excellent results
which might accrue to both if they
were to marry. To all of this Thalia
had listened with downcast eyes, an
occasional sidelong glance, and a rather
pale and inscrutable face.

  “We can make Dakabar easily in two
days, Thalia,” said Dallas, as the two
sat staring into .the flames. “That
scoundrel, Dimitri, told me that the trail

crossed the river at a ford a little above
here.”

  Thalia nodded. “You are right,” she
answered listlessly. “We will go to-
morrow. I will put some bread and
boiled potatoes and chestnuts in a sack,
and we will start. I suppose that the
wolf will get the goats, and poor Mimi
will have to catch mice, but you are
right; we must not stay here any
longer.”

  The odd note in her voice caused
Dallas to look at her sharply. Thalia’s
face was quite pale, and her eyes were
dark and misty.

  “You speak as if you did not want
to go,” said he.

  “Really?” She gave him a masked
look. “Why should I want to stop here
any longer?”

  “I can’t imagine. I should think that
you could hardly wait to learn what has
happened to Paula and James.”

  Thalia looked at him with glowing
eyes and a bright red spot in either
cheek.

  “Of course I want to know what has
happened to Paula and James,” she re-
torted. “Have I not been nearly mad
from anxiety? But I have tried to be
patient, and not to show it, and have
cooked and gathered wood and milked
and slept on planks because I did not
think that you ought to travel until
your wounds were healed.”

  “Thalia!”

  “And now you look at me with sur-
prise and say ‘We have wasted time
enough.’ ”

  “But I haven’t said anything of the
kind!”

  “You have implied it!” Her voice
rose slightly in pitch. “I’m sure I don’t
know what would have happened to you
if we had started sooner.”

  “But, my dear little girl, don’t you

suppose that I appreciate-”

  “No!” cried Thalia furiously. “I
don’t think that you have sense enough
48

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

to appreciate anything! Unless it is—
James!”

  “Thalia!”

  “Or Paula!”

  “Thalia! Stop it!” Dallas stared at
her in bewilderment. Thalia looked
back defiantly. Her chin was thrust
out, and her eyes, somber and half
veiled by their long lashes, were staring
into the fire over the curve of her
flushed cheeks. Her black hair, with
its lurid tones of sienna, was tumbled
about her ears, and her breath was com-
ing quickly.

  Dallas reached for her hand, but the
girl snatched it angrily away.

  “You’re overwrought, my dear, and
I must say I don’t blame you,” said Dal-
las. “The strain has been enough to

make any woman-”

  “Oh, so you think I am complain-
ing?”

  “Not a bit of it; but I do think that
you are feeling the strain of it all.”

“I am not feeling the strain of any-
thing, unless it is that of being con-
tinually criticized and misunderstood.1”
“But, Thalia, I understand.”
“Really?” Thalia’s red lip curled.
“Well!” cried Dallas, in desperation.
“Then what is the matter?”

  “There is nothing the matter.”
  “Then why are you so angry?”

  “I am not angry. What is there to
be angry about?”

  “But why do you blame me for want-
ing to go on?”

  “I am not blaming you. It is you
who are blaming me, and hinting that
I am not as anxious as I ought to be
about Paula and—James!” She struck
her sandaled foot repeatedly against the
floor, then leaned over to tighten the
thongs about her round ankle. “I know
why you are so restless and anxious to
be on.” She threw him a sidelong
glance. “It is because your tobacco is
all gone.”

  “No,” answered Dallas softly; “it’s

because my—something else is almost
gone.”

  Thalia half turned her head and
looked at him under lowered lashes.

  “What do you mean ?” she asked,
rather breathlessly.

  “I mean,” answered Dallas slowly,
and without looking at her, “that you
are the dearest and sweetest and love-
liest woman I have ever known; and
that sometimes I find it very hard to
remember that my dearest friend has
told me that he cares for you.”

  Thalia looked at him fixedly, her
amber eyes almost black, and the glare
of the fire reflected crimsonly on her
lovely face.

  “But I don’t care for him,” she an-
swered, in a very low voice.

  “You ought to.”

  “Oh, but I do in one way. He is
splendid and chivalrous and straight-
forward, and of course I appreciate all
that he has done for me. But”—her
voice fell—“I don’t love him.”

  Dallas looked into her face; his eyes
were glowing like embers.

  “But you did. At least you cared a
good deal—before we went up the side
of that mountain.”

  “And what if I did? I had never
told him so, nor had he ever said that
he cared for me.”

  “That’s because he’s too fine and gen-
erous, and you were, in a way, under
his care.”

  “And how about yourself? Did
James tell me to let go when I was
holding him half balanced on the side
of a cliff? Did he tell me to let go for
fear I'd be dragged over and killed,
too ?”

  “He would have done so quickly
enough if he had been the one,” mut-
tered Dallas.

  “I don’t doubt it!” Thalia gasped,
and the words came pouring out pell-
mell. “And did James fight for me?
And was he wounded for me? And
did I swim out and save him when he
A cpcRINCBSS OF THB ‘BALKANS

49

was struggling in the current ? And did
I nurse him and feed him and-”

  “Thalia, Thalia!” Dallas groaned.
“Stop it! Oh, my dear, don’t you see
how hard you are making it for me ?”

  She turned her lurid eyes to his.

  “And don’t you suppose that you are
making it hard for me, and have been
right along, with your everlasting talk
of James, James, James! Oh, Dallas,
Dallas, it is you that I love! Just you,
you, you! I have never loved anybody
else! I shall never love any one
else! Oh, my dear, my dear!” She
began to sob, and her body swayed back
and forth and threw dancing shadows
011 the cabin walls.

  Dallas turned to her swiftly, his face
very pale and his eyes aflame.

  “Thalia! My own darling! I adore
you !” His voice choked.

  She turned her face to him, the tears
sparkling on her cheeks. Dallas raised
both arms, but before he could clasp
her Thalia’s own were about his neck
and her face crushed to his. . Her sobs
broke out afresh.

  “Thalia!” cried Dallas, crushing her
to him. “My own darling! I love you
more than anything in the world.” He
kissed the tears from the hot, flushed
cheeks. “I shall tell James all about it,
sweetheart. He is big and generous.
He will understand. But, until I do,
you must help me, dear, or I would
despise myself for all the rest of my
life.”

  The minutes flew by, and still he held
her close, talking to her soothingly until
presently her sobs ceased and she
looked up at him with a smile.

  “Yes, dearest,” she whispered; “I un-
derstand. I will help you. And you
really love me—and don’t love Paula ?”

  “Darling! I love only you!”

CHAPTER XI.

  Noon of the following day found
them climbing a high pass in the hills,
with the river a silvery thread far be-

low. On either side was dense forest,
alternating with bare, bowlder-strewn
hillsides, and the air was fine and keen
and filled with sunshine.

  Presently their trail led out across
the shoulder of a high hill, whence they
were able to look away for leagues to
the southward, over a w:onderful ex-
panse of hill and valley, the whole of
which seemed to be inclosed by a high,
broken wall of mountains blue with dis-
tance and filled with marvelous shad-
ows of saffron and amethyst.

  “Those are the north Albanian Alps,”
said Thalia. “They form part of the
southern boundary of Novibazar. My
people came originally from the other
side of that range, but the Turks drove
them northward, and now we occupy
those slopes which you see down to-
ward the end of the valley. Near the
castle where I lived when my father
was alive, there are two little streams
which rise almost side by side, and one
of them flows into the Danube and the
other into the iEgean Sea.”

  “Really? And where does Prince
Emilio come from?”

. “From a place called Rascia, not far
from the town of Novibazar. We are
quite near neighbors; not more than a
six-hour journey on foot.”

  “Do you know this road, Thalia?”

  “I have never been here before, but
I know it a little farther on, where it
strikes the valley of the Lim. Higher
up it crosses the main road from Cet-
tinje to Nis. Look, my dear!” She
pointed down the steep slope. “Here
come some people.”

  Twice during the morning they had
avoided other travelers. The first
whom they had met were Mohammedan
plum growers, packing down their dried
prunes 011 a train of meager mountain
ponies. The others were Serb swine-
herds, a savage, filthy crew.

  Climbing up the precipitous bank,
they crouched behind a clump of
bracken and waited for the newcomers
50

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

to pass. These proved to be a troupe
of Chingeni, or Balkan gypsies. They
were a ragged lot of nomads, perhaps
twenty in all, with warm, swarthy skins,
features of markedly Hindu type, and
dark, lustrous eyes. The hamals, pow-
erful young fellows, were carrying
packs almost as large as those borne by
the dozen wretched ponies. Two young
women, superbly made, were swinging
easily up the steep incline, each with a
child carried in a sort of sling! A lame
man sitting astride an overloaded pony
was playing a violin, and playing mar-
velously well, it seemed to Dallas. The
caravan passed, chattering, up the trail,
when the two refugees came out of
their hiding place.

  “They are striking across the moun-
tains for the big road from Belgrade
to Constantinople,” said Thalia. “They
will meet it on the Morava, then pass
on up through Trajan’s Gate, and prob-
ably hold right on for Stamboul, where
no doubt they have their winter mal-
hallah.”

  Presently the path began to descend,
and a little later led through a gorge,
marvelously beautiful, with bare, rocky
walls and a cataract foaming at the
bottom. The two had paused to admire
the savage wildness of the place when
Thalia exclaimed:

  “Some one is coming!”

  Dallas listened and heard the clatter
of many hoofs on the rocky trail below
them. He glanced quickly about for a
place where they might get under cover,
but there was none to be had. Above
them rose sheer, bare crags, and below,
the ground, while not very steep, was
naked of bush or bowlder.

  “We shall have to run back up the
trail,” said he.

  “Too late!” answered Thalia. “Here
they come!”

  “Wrhat are they—soldiers ?”

  A troop of horsemen had appeared
around a curve of the road ahead and
was approaching at a rapid walk. The

riders looked to be uniformed, and
were armed with guns. But the two
fugitives gave scarcely a glance at the
men, for riding at their head was a
colossal figure, khaki-clad, with a kal-
pak of fine astrakhan set over a fierce,
deep-lined face, which even at that dis-
tance portrayed its characteristic fea-
tures of black, bushy eyebrows and
heavy black mustache and imperial.

  “Rosenthal!” cried Dallas.

  At the same instant the Jew had rec-
ognized the fugitives. With a harsh
exclamation, he spurred his horse for-
ward to rein up with a jerk in front
of them.

  “Sapristi!” cried Rosenthal. “What
luck! What good fortune! I was
afraid you was killed!”

  He flung himself from his horse,
threw the reins to one of his men, and
strode toward Dallas, his diabolic face
working with emotion and one big hand
thrust in front of him, the palm open-
ing and closing spasmodically.

  “Py chingo!” he cried, in his harsh
voice. “But this is a pleasure to find
you alive and unhurt!” He seized Dal-
las in his great arms and actually em-
braced him, then turned to Thalia and
laughed. “Sapristi! But who is this
handsome boy ?” Before the astonished
girl could avoid it, he had embraced her
also, and would no doubt have kissed
her on both cheeks had she not twisted
her head aside. Rosenthal was bub-
bling over with delight. “Belief me,
I could not be more overjoyed if I had
sold my silver mines for one hundred
t’ousand pounds. Nefer haf I been so
worried! I had come to t’ink that you
must haf been killed !”

  He beamed upon them with a grin
which was almost a physical violence
in itself. His bushy eyebrows worked
up and down, and his yellow teeth wrere
bared like those of a grinning wolf.
But the big, deeply scored, vital face
was filled with such a real benevolence
as to disarm its savagery of feature.
A PRINCESS OF THE 'BALKANS

51

Dallas felt himself ridiculously like a
runaway child caught while playing
truant by a kind but undesired peda-
gogue. As for Thalia, the girl was
regarding the big Jew with the peculiar
expression of half repulsion, half fas-
cination, which quite expressed the
emotions with which he inspired her.

 “But where haf you been, you
naughty children?” cried Rosenthal.
“Sapristi! If you only knew how I
haf worried! And if you knew what a
bad time I haf been giving Prince
Emilio since I discovered it was all his
doing!”

  “His doing?” echoed Dallas.

  “Ah, yes. You did not guess? You
see, Dimitri was my man, and he had
instructions to see that you came to
no harm.”

  Dallas was staring at the Jew through
narrow lids, and eyes as cold and green
as jade.

  “So it was all a trap arranged by
you and Prince Emilio?” he asked.

  “Let me egsplain,” protested Rosen-
thal. “We knew, of course, that you
were in Belgrade. Such foolish boys!
Because, you see, you played right into
our hands. I vas afraid that Thalia
might haf appealed to the Turkish and
Austrian ministers, and then we might
haf had to let her go. But I t’ought
that you would be there, and when I
learned you were, I sent my man Di-
mitri to you. He is my confidential
agent.”

  “He was/’ corrected Dallas grimly.

  Rosenthal grinned at him like an in-
dulgent parent.

  “You shooted him! I do not plame
you. Yes, he vas my confidential agent.
I haf t’em eferywhere. You see, it all
suited my plans and looked like a very
easy way to get Lady Thalia safe to
Rascia wit’out any fuss and scandal.
I had told Dimitri to be sure that no
one vas hurted.”

  “Rather tough on Dimitri that I

didn’t have the same instructions,” said
Dallas ironically.

/ “Ah, my poor poy, you did r-right.
Ven I had gone, Emilio bribes Dimitri
to haf you two boys shooted. He has
nefer forgiven you for that blow in the
face. But then he is a pig of a'Servian.
Dimitri was to come and say that you
resisted and were shooted, which might
have happened.”

  “How did you find this out?” asked
Dallas.

  “From the gossip that goes over these
hills, and then I made Emilio confess.
It appears that there vas a hermit, a
holy man, who put a stop to that non-
sense and brought Sir Chames and
Paula to Dakabar.”

  Dallas and Thalia exchanged glances
of infinite relief.

  “And Sir James’ servant?” asked the
girl.

  “He is t’ere, too. Sir Chames got a
buckshot in his neck, but he is not
hurted bad. This hermit is now mak-
ing lots of troubles at- Dakabar. He is
himself Albanian.” He turned to Tha-
lia. “It is Ishmi Bey.”

  “Ishmi Bey?” echoed the girl. “He
was my father’s dearest friend,” she
said to Dallas, “and he has a blood
feud with Emilio.”

  Rosenthal nodded. “Yes,” said he.
“That was a very bad business. A band
of Emilio’s burned his house and car-
ried away his vife und daughters.
T’en he vent avay and nobody knew
what had become of him. Now he is
back in Dakabar, gathering the Shkip-
etari from all ofer the hills. There is
going to be troubles, and”—he grinned
—“myselluf I am not so sorry, because
I see a chance to get back my forty
t’ousand pounds. But come, children!
Ve must go.”

  “Go where?” demanded Dallas.
  Rosenthal lifted his bushy eyebrows.
  “To Rascia, of course,” said he.
  “Why not to Dakabar?”

  The Jew shook his big head. “Ah,
52

THB POPULAR MAGAZINE

my boy, you may go if you like; but
Thalia must come vith me. I am fery
sorry, but business is business. If she
vent back to Dakabar, she vould spoil
it all, und I vould lose my forty t’ou-
sand pounds.”

  Dallas bit his lower lip, and his face
hardened.

  “Look here, baron,” said he sud-
denly, ‘'we are your prisoners. If you
will take us to Dakabar, I will buy your
filthy silver mines and pay you forty
thousand pounds.”

  For a moment Rosenthal stared. His
big eyes opened very wide, and their
hazel-colored spots seemed to grow
more accentuated, while the outer cor-
ners of his bushy eyebrows were pushed
up until they almost met his grizzled
hair. Then suddenly he threw back his
great head and roared with laughter.
Still shouting hoarsely, he clapped Dal-
las on the shoulder, almost knocking
the young man off his feet.

  “By chingo, but it is funny ! Excuse
me if I laugh, Mr. Dallas, but it is so
very funny! No! Business is busi-
ness, but Isidor Rosenthal has not yet
turned brigand! No! T’at vould not
be business!” And again the raucous
laugh burst out, to come reechoing back
in hoarse cachinnations from the rocky
wall on the other side of the gorge.

  The Jew turned and mounted his big
black horse, the back of which sagged
under his great bulk. He gave a harsh
order in the Serbo-Croatian tongue, at
which two of the troopers dismounted.

  “Come!” said Rosenthal, wiping his
eyes with a silk handkerchief heavily
scented with musk. “We must go, chil-
dren. Get up on these horses. No”—
he waved his big hand—“it is no use
to argue, Mr. Dallas. You shall leave us
where the road turns off for Dakabar,
just beyond Iverntsk. The Lady Thalia
must come vith me to Rascia. Busi-
ness is business”—he laughed again—
“but Isidor Rosenthal is not yet a
brigand!”

  Seeing the utter futility of argument,
Dallas put Thalia on her pony, and
mounted himself when Rosenthal
wheeled, and the little cavalcade moved
forward. They descended into the val-
ley of the Lim, then turned southeast.
Rosenthal went on ahead, followed by
some of his men, in the midst of whom
rode Dallas and Thalia side by side,
the dismounted troopers being left to
find their way back on foot as best
they might.

  For several miles Dallas rode in si-
lence, pale and furious, and answering
Thalia’s remarks in curt monosyllables.

  “Who are these men?” he asked
finally.

  “Emilio’s servants and guards.”

  “Soldiers ?”

  “No. The only actual militia in this
country are Turks. You see, it is a
Turkish sanjak. But Emilio stands
very well with the Porte, and he is per-
mitted to maintain a sort of constabu-
lary to protect himself from the Shkip-
etari, who hate the Turks almost as
much as they do the Serbs. You see,
the whole state of affairs is horribly
confused; and what the Turks want
more than anything else is to keep the
peace. As a result, they are friendly
with both parties, so far as they can
be.”

  “So we’ve got to part,” said Dallas
bitterly.

  Thalia looked at him with a sad
smile. “When you get to Dakabar,”
said she, “tell Ishmi Bey not to fight.”

  It was still early in the afternoon
when the little cavalcade arrived at a
village situated on the bank of the swift
stream.

  “iverntsk,” said Thalia. “The peo-
ple of this sadniga were nearly all mas-
sacred a few years ago by one of Emil-
io’s bands. The same old story. Emil-
io’s people are mostly Christians of the
Bulgarian Church, and his zadruga be-
longs to the orthodox Greek Church.
A <r*RINCBSS OF THE BALKANS

53

That is their method of converting each
other.”

  The little hamlet appeared deserted
as their troop clattered through. Oppo-
site a modest edifice of mud and stone,
Rosenthal drew in his horse, tossed the
reins to a trooper, and swung his great
body to the ground.

  “This is a han—a tavern,” he said to
Dallas. “Let us dismount for a cup of
coffee and some olives.”

  He lifted Thalia to the ground as if
she had been a child. Dallas also dis-
mounted, and all three were about to
enter the door of the inn when one of
the troopers called out sharply to a man
who appeared to be the captain of the
guard.

  “What is that?” said Rosenthal.
“Does he say that there are horsemen
coming?”

  He raised his hand for silence, and
for a moment they stood listening. The
white, dusty road led straight through
the village, the small houses built close
together and facing it on either side.
At the extreme end of the street there
was a high mud wall, above which one
saw the dull green foliage of an olive
orchard, and, beyond, the roof of a
rather more elaborate dwelling than the
others, apparently the home of the pa-
triarch, or communal head of the sa-
druga. In front of this estate the road
turned sharply at a right angle and was
hid from view by some low mud cot-
tages.

  From this direction there came the
distant rumble of many hoofs. The
sound rapidly increased in volume, in-
dicating that whatever the party which
approached, it was traveling at a rapid
pace. Rosenthal’s Serbs were glancing
from one to the other with knit brows
and muttering interrogations, while the
face of the big Jew himself wore an
expression of extreme disgust.

  “Sapristi!" he growled. “Who can
this be?” He called out sharply to his

captain, who shrugged and answered
a few guttural words.

  “A Turkish hamdie” muttered Ro-
senthal, scowling. “Peste! But that
will be embarrassing! I have no official
permission to be leading a troop of
armed men through these hills. The
commanding officer will ask awkward
questions. He will want to know why
I did not refer this matter of looking
for the Lady Thalia to him!” -

  “And I shall tell him!” said Thalia
maliciously.

  Rosenthal threw her a look of re-
proach.

  “Peste!” he growled. “You would
not do that! You would not do any-
thing so ungrateful!”

  Dallas laughed outright, and the Jew
grinned. At the same moment the rum-
ble which had developed into a sharp
clatter of many hoofs diminished. A
cloud of dust rose suddenly over the
low, tiled roofs at the end of the street,
and the next moment the head of a
column of horsemen turned the corner,
then quickly halted.

  There was a moment of silence, fol-
lowed instantly by a clamor of voices
from Rosenthal’s men, and a sharp or-
der from the captain.

  The troop was thrown into confu-
sion. With an oath, Rosenthal sprang
to mount his horse. With one hand on
the animal’s neck and one foot in the
stirrup, he turned to look at Dallas
over his shoulder.

  “Get out of the way!” he cried
harshly. “Into the han! There is going
to be a fight!”

  But Dallas and the girl had scarcely
heard his words. Their eyes were riv-
eted on the horsemen clustered at the
bend of the road, for at their head were
Sir James, Connors, and a tall, bearded
man in fez and tunic, who, even as they
looked, snatched the yataghan from his
sash and whirled the blade above his
head.

  “The Shkipetari!” cried Thalia.
54

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  Rosenthal’s men, taken completely by
surprise, were struggling to unsling
their carbines. But the Albanian leader
gave them scant time. Swinging in
his saddle, he shouted a harsh order
and pointed toward Rosenthal’s Serbs
with the blade of his yataghan. The
next instant the Shkipetari were hurled
in assault.

  Dallas had barely time to drag Thalia
up the steps and into the han before the
Albanians had struck their enemy. The
street was narrow, and the powdery
dust of the road swept up in such dense
swirling clouds that for several mo-
ments it was impossible to follow the
fortunes of the fight. Horses and men
were down, and the combatants were
so tightly wedged as to be unable to
use rifle or carbine. But the yataghans
were busy; and presently, as the dust
slightly settled, the two in the doorway
of the han were able to see what was
happening.

  Sir James, his face as fierce as any
of the savage ones about him, was firing
to right and left. Once, at the elbow
of the Englishman, they caught sight
of Connors, who had emptied his re-
volver and was fighting with the steel,
like those about him. A moment later,
a gaunt, black-bearded man came hew-
ing his way through with blows of
terrific force and quickness, while his
fierce face peered constantly this way
and that as if in search of some one.

  Thalia put her lips close to Dallas’
ear. “That is Ishmi Bey,” she said.

  But the pivotal center of the fight
was Rosenthal. Squarely in the middle
of the street, the Jew’s big bulk loomed
through the swirling dust, while his
harsh voice, admonishing friend and
foe, rose above the din of the fight.
He had been armed only with a carbine,
but as the crush was so thick he had
seized the weapon by the muzzle and
used it as a club.

  The uproar was appalling. Above
the clash and clatter of steel rose the

yells of the Shkipetari and the screams
of the wounded men and stricken
horses; but over all blared out from
time to time the deep-chested roar of
the Jew. The Serbs were fighting for
their lives, knowing well that no quar-
ter would be given by their savage,
kilted enemies, to whom such slaughter
was as the very breath of their nos-
trils. The Shkipetari were consider-
ably fewer in numbers, but no living
bone and muscle could withstand the
fury of their attack. Backward down
the road they forced the Serbs, while
the blinding dust rose thicker and
thicker. Rosenthal alone appeared to
hold his own; planted in the middle of
the street, he fought like a huge, rag-
ing Mephistopheles, his clothes in rib-
bons and the blood streaming down his
satanic face. Now and then Dallas
caught a glimpse of Sir James; the
Englishman had torn the carbine from
the hands of a Serb and was fighting
like the Jew, his weapon clubbed. Back-
ward the Serbs were forced, struggling
over the bodies of men and horses, until
presently Rosenthal alone blocked the
road. Ishmi Bey had fought his way
on past him, and was the center of a
swirling vortex, his streaming yataghan
flashing up and down like a tongue of
red flame.

  By this time many of the Albanians
were on their feet, leaping here and
there, now pausing to thrust at a fallen
enemy or springing , aside to lash at a
mounted one. Then a rift in the swirl-
ing dust showed Sir James knee to knee
with Rosenthal. Dallas saw the Jew
strike a savage blow, which the Eng-
lishman parried. With a hoarse shout,
Rosenthal raised in his stirrups to
strike again, when Connors, who had
stuck close to the elbow of his master,
sprang forward and cut savagely at
the Jew with his yataghan. Rosenthal
parried with his gun barrel, but the
blade glanced and found the side of
his shaggy head. The Jew swayed in
A <P<RINCESS OF THE ‘BALKANS

55

his saddle, then lurched sideways and
came crashing to the ground.

  Sir James and Connors wheeled to
plunge again into the fight, which had
surged on down the street. Dallas
leaped from the doorway, and, seizing
Rosenthal under the arms, dragged his
huge bulk across the threshold of the
inn. The road was strewn with men
and horses, while the fight itself was
completely veiled in the swimming
clouds of dust, which presently began
to dissolve when from the distance
came the sound of scampering hoofs.
What was left of the Servian troop had
broken into flight.

  Dallas and Thalia stared at each
other with pale faces. At their feet the
body of the big Jew heaved convul-
sively, then struggled to a sitting pos-
ture. From head to foot the man was
a grimy mass of blood and dust, and his
breath was coming in great, labored
gasps. For a moment he looked about
vacantly; then the expression came back
into the big brown eyes with their mul-
tiple hazel dots.

  “Mein Gott!” he panted. “It vas riot
vort’ it! Forty t’ousand pounds ! Bah!”
He raised both hands to a long, jagged
cut on the side of his head, from which
the blood was oozing sluggishly.

  “So you're not dead ?” said Dallas.

  “I don’t t’ink so. But I deserf to
be! Forty t'ousand pounds! Bah!”
He spat and wiped his mouth with the
back of his grimy sleeve, then looked up
at Thalia and grinned.

  “Sapristi! I do not like to fight! It
is not goot business, and bad for the
health! Sapristi! But it is very bad
for the health. I might easily have
been killed, and then of what good
would be my forty t’ousand pounds?
And t’ink of the grief of my dear vife
in Buda-Pesth! But vat could I do ?”
He spread out his grimy hands apolo-
getically. “You cannot arbitrate ven a
friend is clubbing at you vit’ a gun
barrel!”

  “Let me tie up your head,” said
Thalia.

  “T’anks. Sir Chames is a goot 'boy.
It vould haf broken my heart to haf
split his skull. Mein Gott! Vat a busi-
ness !”

CHAPTER XII.

  Dallas and Thalia, with the assist-
ance of a few of the frightened villag-
ers, were doing what they could for the
wounded when up rode Sir James and
Connors, both covered from head to
foot with blood and dust, but neither
seriously hurt. Some distance behind
them strode the tall, bearded man whom
Thalia had recognized as the hermit,
Ishmi Bey.

  Sir James dismounted and came to-
ward them, his grimy face glowing with
delight.

  “Thank God!” he cried huskily. “We
had almost given you up. We were „
starting out to look for you this morn-
ing when we ran headfirst into this
gang of Emilio's. I tried to prevent a
row, but there was no holding Ishmi
Bey and the Shkipetari.”

  He took Thalia’s hand in both of his
and carried it to his lips, then turned
to Dallas with glistening eyes.

 “Might have known you’d win
through, old chap! I say, that was a
ripping shot you made on Dimitri! It
was all a put-up job of those two scoun-
drels, Rosenthal and Emilio.”

  “Rosenthal had nothing to do with
the plan to murder us,” said Dallas.

  “Didn’t he? I’m glad of that. It
didn’t seem to me like the old baron
to play that sort of a filthy game. Too
bad! If we had known that, we’d have
passed him by just now.”

“He’s not much hurt,” said Dallas.

  Sir James’ face expressed relief.
“Glad of it,” said he heartily, then
glanced up to see the baron himself
standing in the door of the han, his
head swathed in bandages.

  “Hello, baron!” called the English-
56

THE cPOcPULAcR. MAGAZINE

man heartily. “Glad you were not killed,
old chap.”

  “T’anks. And I am glad you were
not hurted, Sir Chames. This fight vas
not of my choosing. Now I am fin-
ished. My forty t’ousand pounds can
go to the devil. I am not afraid to say
ven I am beat. Vonce I vas beaten in
Macao by a Chinaman, and vonce in
Hayti by a nigger named Fouchere.
Now I am beat in the Balkans by two
boys and two girls.” He grinned.

  Sir James looked about him and
shook his head.

  “Nasty work,” said he, "but there
was no help for it. When our crowd
saw these people of Emilio’s, they went
crazy. We had better get to Dakabar
as soon as we can, or there will be a
hanged sight worse row than this. The
Shkipetari have been pouring in from
the mountains, and nothing will do but
they must attack^ Emilio.”

  ‘'How is Paula?” Dallas asked.

  A peculiar expression of embarrass-
ment appeared on the battle-stained face
of the Englishman.

  “She is very well, but awfully wor-
ried about you two.”

  Ishmi Bey had greeted Thalia, and
the two were talking in low tones. The
surviving Albanians had come strag-
gling back, a few mounted and some on
foot. There was not a man of them
who did not carry some wound.

  “Let’s get out of this,” said Sir
James, “before we have a Turkish
zap tie down on our backs. The whole
thing is a bit irregular.”

  “How about the wounded?” asked
Dallas.

  Sir James shrugged. “The villagers
will have to look after them. They
will do it, I fancy, for fear of both
parties.” He turned to Rosenthal.
“How did you leave the dear prince,
baron?”

  “I am finished vit’ Emilio,” he an-
swered harshly. “I do not hold vit*
murderers and assassins, Sir Chames.

If you do not object, I vill go to Dak-
abar.”

CHAPTER XIII.

  Two hours later found them winding
up into the hills. At the head of the
cavalcade strode the tall, gaunt figure
of Ishmi Bey, walking at the stirrup of
the Lady Thalia, with whom he was in
earnest conversation. A short distance
behind them, Rosenthal rode alone, sit-
ting his big horse droopingly, a huge
and somewhat dejected figure, with his
massive head swathed in bandages. Sir
James and Dallas came next, followed
by Connors and such of the Albanians
as were fit to travel.

  “There is going to be the very deuce
of a row, Stephen,” said Sir James.
“The most of the inhabitants of this
sanjak of Novibazar are south Sla-
vonic Serbs. This whole district is the
cradle of the Servian race, and the
Prince Emilio is the ranking feudal
chief. Thalia, on the other hand, is
pure Albanian, only connected to Emilio
by marriage, and her people are all
Albanian, Grseco-Latin stock, and de-
scendants of the ancient Illyrians. They
have no fixed religion; they are Chris-
tians of both Greek and Bulgarian
Churches and Mohammedans of all
grades. The Turks first drove them up
into these hills, and so they hate the
Turks, and the Serbs have always been
trying to drive +hem back again, and
so they hate the Serbs. Also they are
forever fighting among themselves, and
so they hate one another.”

  “A cheerful crowd,” observed Dallas.

  “Are they not? They have always
got to be fighting somebody. When
Constantine Bey, Thalia’s father, was
alive, he did a lot to keep the peace, and
in reward got assassinated himself. His
friend and cousin, Ishmi Bey, laid the
murder to Emilo’s door, and Emilo
discovered it, and one night paid him
a visit and burned his castle and car-
ried off his womenkind.”
A ‘PRINCESS OF THE ‘BALKANS

57

  “Nice young man, Emilio.”

 “Quite so. He appears to have
formed the habit. Ishmi Bey was not
strong enough to retaliate, and finally
appears to have decided that he was
cursed of Allah, and hauled off into
the woods and built himself the cabin
which you and Thalia found, and
turned holy man. When he heard the
firing, he came across the river and
persuaded the herders to clear out, and
then conducted us to Dakabar. We
did not worry about you as much as we
might have done, because one of the
herders came back and said that you
had shot three of the gang and got
across the river unhurt. So we hurried
along, hoping to overtake you on the
trail to Dakabar. It never occurred to
us that you might be wounded, as the
last that we heard was the crack of
your 30-40.”

  Dallas nodded. “I should not have
been shot if I hadn’t been a fool,” he
said.

  “When we found nothing of you,”
continued Sir James, “we hurried on
to Dakabar, collected a mounted force,
and came back the next day to look for
you. This is the third searching expe-
dition that we have made, and this time
we took a strong party with the idea
of combing the hills all over the place
until we got some news of you. Mean-
while, Ishmi Bey has passed the word
into the hills that the Prince Emilio has
tried to murder the Lady Thalia and
her party, and the Shkipetari have been
pouring into Dakabar from all sides.
There must be five hundred of them
there now, all spoiling for a fight, and
I do not think that Thalia and Ishmi
Bey combined can keep them from at-
tacking Emilio within the next forty-
eight hours. They are led by a crazy
fanatic, Sheik Izzat, and they mean to
make a clean sweep of Emilio and all
his tribe.”

  “I should like to be at the party,”
said Dallas.

  “So should I. We’ve got a little score
with Emilio. Suppose we go along.”
“All right. I might even so far for-
get myself as to take a snapshot at his
highness if opportunity offered. How
did Paula stand the ordeal?”

  Sir James glanced up quickly, and his
swarthy color grew slightly darker.
Dallas, staring between his pony’s ears,
failed to observe the confusion of his
friend.

  “Like a veteran,” answered Sir
James. “I got a slug through the mus-
cles of the neck, and she-” He

paused awkwardly. Dallas, intent on
his own thoughts, did not notice it. For
a while the two friends rode in silence;
then Sir James remarked in a voice
slightly different from his usual tone:
“Odd how sharing mutual danger ap-
pears to draw people together.”

  Dallas glanced at him sharply. “Why
shouldn’t it?” he asked.

  Sir James’ swarthy color deepened,
and for a moment he did not answer.

  “Look here, Stephen.” He turned
abruptly to his friend. “Do you con-
sider that a situation can arise such
as—er—the sharing of mutual danger,
which could possibly justify—or at least
—h’m—ah—extenuate the circum-
stance of a man’s forgetting his duty
to a friend where—h’m—ah—a woman
was concerned?”

  Dallas turned and stared at him with
a rigid face. He could scarcely be-
lieve his ears. He had intended at the
first opportunity to tell Sir James of
all that had passed between Thalia and
himself, and to offer such amends as
lay within his power. But to be, as he
supposed, subjected to an inquisition
which was founded on mere suspicior*-
and narrow-minded jealousy aroused
his quick and keen resentment.

  Sir James met the steely look, and his
own face hardened. Then he glanced
away, flushing crimsonly, and began to
tug at his wiry mustache.
58

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “No,” said Dallas curtly, “I don’t.
Do you?”

  “Er—er—no," answered Sir James;
then blurted out: “Theoretically.”
Dallas regarded him through nar-
rowed lids.

  “Suppose we drop the woman part
of it, James,” said he, in his coldest
voice, “until we get this other business
off our hands.”

  “Quite so,” said Sir James, and the
two fell silent again.

CHAPTER XIV.

  The full hunter’s moon hanging
poised above the silvery crest of the
Dovo-Dagh looked down upon a wild
and savage host as it wound up through
the forested defiles of the north Alba-
nian Alps.

  For the Shkipetari were afoot and
moving swiftly and silently to strike at
the throat of their hereditary foe. An
odd five hundred mountaineers had ral-
lied at the hot message sent into the hills
by Ishmi Bey, holy man and martyr to
the cruelty of Prince Emilio. Foul
wrong had been done to the Lady Tha-
lia, daughter of their hereditary chief,
and even more, and that which brought
a savage oath to the lips of every
shaggy Arnaut to whom the message
reached, the prince was plotting to sell
themselves and their free hills to the
hated Servians.

  For several days they had come drop-
ping into Dakabar, singly or in squads.
Fierce-visaged fathers had stalked
down from their mountain fastnesses,
their half-grown sons at their heels.
Many were of different sects, blood
enemies, victims or- victors of sangui-
nary family feuds; but these, while
eying askance the members of rival
clans, had laid aside their private
wrongs for the common cause. '

  Arms and costumes differed widely.
There were men clad only in sheep-
skins, with the wool turned in, and

  tight-fitting caps of white; others were
more elaborately dressed in kalpaks of
black wool, sometimes of astrakhan,
with short, full-sleeved tunics, white
kilts, woolen stockings, and shoes of
ted leather, with tufts of black wool
upon the toes. Nearly all the men car-
ried guns—long weapons with narrow
barrels, often richly ornamented with
traceries and patterns wrought in silver
and gold. Every one was armed with
the weapon so dear to the native heart,
the yataghan.

  There were sheiks among them, and
priests of both Greek and Bulgarian
Churches, who eyed each other askance
and with more vindictiveness than they
did the devotees of Islam. The entire
horde—for it could scarcely be called
an army—was under the nominal com-
mand of one Sheik Izzat, himself a
hermit who had gone half mad as the
result of wrong dealt him by the Turks.
But once in motion, there was no pre-
tense of leadership. The object of the
expedition as understood by all was to
strike a final and fatal blow at the
hated stronghold of the prince, and
every man would fight his own fight in
his own way.

  So, as they strode along with the
swift, springy step of the mountaineer,
there was no dissension in the ranks.
Mussulman jostled shoulders with
Christian; pastoral feuds between herd-
ers and maize growers were forgotten;
men from different valleys looked at
each other for the first time without
the hand going to the hilt of the yata-
ghan. If there were any rivalry, it was
only as to who should strike first, hard-
est, and last.

  At the head of the “column,” if so
it could be called, Sir James rode at the
side of Ishmi Bey, with whom he con-
versed in French. The holy man had
done his best to persuade the moun-
taineers to return peacefully to their
homes. But, once gathered, it had
proven impossible to disband them. In
A PRINCESS OF THE BALKANS

59

the end they had clamored for Sheik
Izzat to lead them against Rascia, when
Ishmi Bey had accompanied the horde
in the hope of giving such direction as
he could to the evolutions of what was
little better than a savage* mob.

  For some distance the road passed
through heavy forest. The wind was
blowing a clear gale; overhead, the
treetops swayed and crashed, filling the
air with their flying leaves, while the
brilliant moonlight filtered through in
swirling splashes of silvery light.

  They wound up through a defile,
skirted the flank of a mountain, and
emerged presently upon a bare, bowl-
der-strewn hillside, against which the
moon blazed with startling brilliancy.
The path ascended in a series of zig-
zags, and at the top of the wind-swept
ridge, Ishmi Bey drew rein. Dallas
and Connors slipped from their horses,
and the four men turned to look back
upon the following Shkipetari.

  The effect was curious and startling.
Below them the vivid moonlight shone
and glittered from the huge, fantastic
bowlders which were composed of a
gneiss and mica schist, and which
flashed back the shimmering rays until
all the hillside seemed a vast heap of
gleaming gems. Blackest shadows lay
here and there, alternating patches of
glowing moonlight. Slipping invisibly
from these areas of gloom to flitter
across the patches of bright light came
a swarm of leaping figures, now ap-
pearing, now disappearing, suggesting
trolls issuing from the depths of the
earth to pilfer a Titan treasure-trove.
Ignoring the zigzag path, they came
springing straight up the steep hillside,
and as they crossed the open spaces
the yataghans and the gun barrels
threw back the brilliant moon rays in
flashes of pale-blue flame.

  Far beneath, the still valley slum-
bered under a light veil of mist, through
which shone faintly the silvered glint
of the river. On all sides tumbled

the rough shoulders of the hills, their
crests rimmed with white fire, and
shadows of wondrous depths upon
their breasts. Over the ridge swept the
high wind in clear, cold blasts.

  The route led along the top of the
hill, then down a bare slope to the stony
bed of a torrential stream, the water
of which was very low and could be
seen only in broad, standing pools.
The gully worn by the cataract was
over one hundred yards in width and
choked with masses of loose rock and
stone. Beyond it the bank rose steeply
to meet the heavy forest, and a little
distance downstream there was a rift
between the hills, which marked the
course of the trail to Rascia.

  As Ishmi Bey was indicating this
opening to Sir James, there suddenly
emerged from the gloom of the forest
a little squad of horsemen, which rode
out into the full light of the moon,
where it halted as if to reconnoiter.

  The hermit reined his pony sharply
backward under the crest of the hill,
and Sir James did likewise.

  “Who are those men ?” whispered
Ishmi Bey. “Our own scouts were
unmounted. Let us watch for a mo-
ment/’

  The Shkipetari were springing up
all about them. Ishmi Bey turned and
gave a sharp order in the guttural Gegh
dialect spoken by the tribes who live
north of the River Shkumbi, The
words were passed quickly from mouth
to mouth, and the tribesmen sank to
earth, then crawled up to peer down
into the valley beneath.

  The horsemen had disappeared
against the shadow of the forest. A
few moments later they came into sight
again in the river bottom, dismounted,
and leading their horses among the
stones. Presently they passed under
the near bank and were lost to view,
to reappear immediately at the foot of
the slope. Here they paused as if in
consultation, and seemed to scan the
60

THE <POcPULAcR. MAGAZINE

ridge above. Perhaps some instinct
warned them of the ambush spread
along its summit, for they seemed un-
willing to proceed. They were still
standing there, inky blotches against the
brilliant background, when a dark col-
umn began to emerge from the forest
across the valley.

  A guttural whisper arose from the
Shkipetari; its sibilant undertone was
caught up in the fierce gusts of wind
and swept from mouth to mouth. Ishmi
Bey, crouching beside ’ Sir James,
turned his head, and his white teeth
shone through his heavy beard.

  “The prince!” he muttered in French.
“He has heard that the Shkipetari were
mustering to attack him at Rascia, and
has decided to strike first himself at
Dakabar!”

  Across the river the dark column
crawled like a thick, black serpent from
the forest, turned to the left, and dis-
appeared again in the sightless shad-
ows which cloaked the rim of the bank.
A troop of cavalry had appeared and
apparently halted, when a column of
infantry followed, and likewise disap-
peared.

  “It is but a mouthful for the Shkip-
etari,” whispered Ishmi Bey exult-
antly. “There are perhaps fifty horse-
men and twice that number of foot,
while we are over five hundred strong.
We will strike when the cavalry is
crossing the river bed.”

  He hurried off in search of Sheik
Izzat, and a moment later the two dark
figures could be seen flitting here and
there among the mountaineers.

  At the foot of the slope the horse-
men forming the advance guard had
remounted, and were riding slowly up
the hill. At the same time the forward
files of the cavalry came out .of a
gully in the opposite bank, leading
their horses among the bowlders and
debris, until presently the entire col-
umn was in the river bed. The scouts
were advancing slowly and as if in

doubt, for those in ambush could see
the white moonlight on their faces as
they turned them continually upward.

  The six doomed men were within
fifty yards of the summit when the
Sheik Izzat sprang suddenly to his feet
and with a savage scream waved his
^ataghan aloft. His cry was lost in
the crash of a volley, the detonation
of which was whirled on high and
swept away on the gusty winds. Down
went horses and riders, a struggling
heap. Up rose the Shkipetari, but even
more quickly Ishmi Bey had sprung in
front of them and was waving them
back with frantic words and furious
gestures.

  For a moment they paused. Ishmi
Bey, a mad, whirling figure in the
moonlight, poured out a frenzied tor-
rent of speech. A few of the Shkipe-
tari sprang forward, but the hermit,
giant that he was, seized them by the
shoulders and flung them back. Then
Sheik Izzat, the blade of his yataghan
a glittering circle over his head, plunged
down the slope, howling furiously.
With a roar, the Shkipetari were on
and after him.

  Ishmi Bey, who had been overthrown
by the rush, sprang to his feet and
shook his clenched fists with a gesture
of passionate despair. He turned to-
ward Sir James, and cried out some-
thing which Dallas could not hear. But
the Englishman had understood. He
looked at his friend with a pale and
horror-stricken face.

  “Good Heaven!” he cried. “It is not
the prince at all! Those are Turkish
troops!”

  Silent and dismayed, they watched
the furious combat in the valley be-
neath. Although more than doubly
outnumbered, surprised, and taken at a
disadvantage, the Turkish hamdie was
not thrown into confusion. Well
drilled, well disciplined, well officered,
and well armed, the Shkipetari could
not have found in all the country a
A cptRINCESS OF THE BALKANS

61

more difficult mouthful to swallow than
the Turkish mounted militia.

  At the first wild clamor and volley
from the hilltop, there had been a quick,
sharp order, and in the two minutes
which it took the tribesmen to reach
the foot of the hill the troopers had
unslung their carbines, released their
horses, and were deployed among the
rocks. At the same moment the com-
pany of infantry, which was marching
in column of fours and hidden in the
shadow of the woods, was halted, then
advanced in line of skirmishers along
the farther bank, so that when the
Shkipetari reached the watercourse,
they ran pell-mell into a very nasty
trap. Had they possessed any leader-
ship or tactics, they might have halted
and deployed on their own bank, when
they could have engaged the enemy
under fire and effected considerable
damage. But, frenzied as they were,
when once started, there was no hold-
ing them. Down they poured into the
watercourse, yataghan in hand, only
to be met by a volley at point-blank
range from Turkish Mausers in the
hands of marksmen who needed noth-
ing better than the brilliant moonlight.

  But although a number fell, the
tribesmen did not waver. Into the
rocks they leaped, agile as otter hounds
and just as fierce. And here the slaugh-
ter began. For the yataghan, although
an admirable weapon when opposed to
steel, stands little chance against a bul-
let, and it was steel-jacketed lead at
close range with which the troopers
ted them. Then after the first few mo-
ments of scattering fire, finding noth-
ing at which to aim in the leaping,
darting figures, here came the infantry,
charging down the bank with fixed bay-
onets, when the engagement promptly
broke into a series of furious hand-to-
hand combats.

  If the Shkipetari came to recognize"
iheir mistake in the identity of their
foe, they did not seek to remedy it.

The battle rage had seized them, and
the Turks themselves, though not the
folk whom they had come to seek, were
their hereditary enemies. Straight into
the muzzles of the rifles rushed the
Albanians, and in the bright light of
the moon the watchers on the hilltop
were witnesses to acts of the most des-
perate fury. Here a screaming moun-
taineer took a bullet through the body
at a range of two yards, only to rush
in and beat aside the soldier’s rifle and
cut him down with the yatghan; near
him an Albanian with a bayonet
through his vitals was striving to reach
with a thrust of his long, sinewy arm
the man who held it. Wounded Shkip-
etari crawled on hands and knees to
get within striking distance of a foe,
praying only to kill one man before
death overtook them.

  Yet for all of their frenzied fighting,
the injury inflicted by the Shkipetari
was but very slight, while that which
they suffered was terrific. In less time
than it takes to tell, a third of them
were down, and then, as though rec-
ognizing the hopelessness of the strug-
gle, the tribesmen suddenly lost heart
and the place was filled with flying fig-
ures, retreating not back in the direc-
tion whence they had come, but on
down the watercourse, toward a spot
where the forest grew to the edge of
the bank. A moment later they had
melted into the sheltering woods, leav-
ing only their dead and dying and a
few dark figures crawling away to hide
in recesses among the rocks.

  Sir James turned to Dallas a face
which was drawn and tense.

  “How do you feel?”

  “Rather sick. And you?”

  “What a beastly shame! That in-
fernal fool £>f a sheik!”

  Ishmi Bey, crouching in front of
them, rose to his feet.

  “What can one do with madmen?”
he asked, throwing out his hands. “I
had just recognized the uniform of the
62

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

hamdie when Sheik Izzat gave the or-
der to fire. Come, my friends, we must
go. If we are found here, we shall
be shot.”

  They crawled back over the ridge,
remounted their ponies, and rode in
silence back down the trail. At the
end of an hour the road led out upon
a wind-swept ridge, and they saw be-
low them the village of Dakabar.

  “The work of to-night is an example
of the guile of Prince Emilio,” said
Ishmi Bey bitterly, as they rode down
the steep hillside. “He heard of the
coming of the Shkipetari and sent word
of it to the nearest Turkish caracol.
Now the work has been done for him
at no cost, and we may expect to see
him here at Dakabar with a band of his
Serbs!”

  The house of the Lady Thalia was
situated on a thickly wooded plateau a
little above the village, and was sur-
rounded by a park. As the four men
rode in through the massive gates, they
saw at the far end of the straight ave-
nue several horses standing in the
bright patch of moonlight in front of
the main entrance to the house.

  “Halt!” said Ishmi Bey, under his
breath.

  They drew rein and peered down the
dark, tunneled driveway. Overhead
the high wind was roaring through the
treetops, but the foliage was still thick
enough to screen the light of the moon.

  “Who can that be?” whispered Sir
James.

  “I do not know,” answered the her-
mit. “Perhaps it is the prince himself.
Let us go forward quietly.”

  They advanced cautiously. Almost
at the end of the drive they again drew
rein.

  In front of the door were six horses,
saddled and bridled, and held by three
men. Suddenly one of the animals
raised its head and whinnied, when, be-
fore he could prevent it, Dallas’ mount
neighed in answer.

  The three unmounted men turned
quickly and stared down the drive.
Then one of them handed his reins to
a comrade, ran up the steps, and rapped
sharply on the big oaken door. Im-
mediately ^t was swung open, showing
a lighted interior, and a moment later
a short, thickset figure stepped across
the threshold and stood for a moment
in the full blaze of the moon.

  Dallas heard at his elbow a quick,
indrawn breath, and turned to see Ishmi
Bey, his head thrust forward like a
hound in leash.

  “The prince!” growled the hermit,
and drew his yataghan.

  Dallas leaned toward Sir James. “It
is Emilio,” he whispered. “He has
come for Thalia!”

  Sir James’ answer was to draw his
own blade. He turned to Ishmi Bey.

  “There are only six of them!” said
he. “Let’s make a rush!”

  “Hold on!” said Dallas. “This is
pistol work, James!”

  “Steel for me! Ready, Connors ?”
“Nivir more so, sorr!” growled the
Irishman, and drew his heavy revolver.
“Then come on!”

  The gravel churned under the ponies’
hoofs as they sprang forward. Out of
the shadow they flew, neck and neck,
and dashed across the lighted space.
A cry burst from the prince, and they
saw him snatch a pistol from his belt.
The horses held by the two troopers,
frightened by the crash of hoofs,
tugged violently backward, dragging
the men after them.

  At the first alarm two more men had
appeared .in the wide, open doorway.
The prince raised his weapon and fired.
At the foot of the steps, Dallas reined
in with a jerk and began to shoot from
the saddle. “Pank! pank! pank!”
barked the deadly automatic arm, and
one of the men beside the prince pitched
forward and came headfirst down into
the road. But Dallas’ horse, fright-
ened at the reports, was fighting to bolt,
A PRINCESS OF THE ‘BALKANS

63

and the other shots flew wide. Ishmi
Bey was on his feet and leaping for
the steps. Connors had killed one
guard and wounded the other, but Sir
James’ pony, struck by a bullet from
the prince’s weapon, had reared and
fallen backward across his rider, pin-
ning him to the ground.

  Dallas swung from the saddle, and
rushed after the hermit, and Connors,
pausing to haul Sir James from under
his horse, followed him. At the top
of the steps the man beside the prince
thrust his revolver almost against the
broad chest of Ishmi Bey and fired,
then leaped back across the threshold,
dragging the prince after him, and
swung to the heavy door. But Ishmi
Bey, who had reeled backward when
shot, recovered himself, and, lurching
forward, thrust the blade of his yata-
ghan between the door and the jamb,
when all four men threw their weights
against it. Slowly it gave, to the noise
of scuffling feet within; then a blade
licked out through the aperture, and
Connors dropped with an oath and
went rolling down the steps.

  “Stand clear!’’ panted Dallas, and,
drawing back, fired two shots through
the oak panel. At the same moment
the door swung violently open, and
they burst into the room.

  Two thundering reports roared out,
and Ishmi Bey staggered back against
the wall. A swarthy man sprang at
Sir James with a wicked slash of a
cavalry saber, but the Englishman
caught the blow on his yataghan, then
thrust his antagonist through the body.
Dallas, peering under the smoke, saw
the prince and another man standing
behind a large table in the middle of
the room. He fired quickly into the
smoke, and saw the man at the prince’s
elbow fall. Then the prince himself
iired, and Dallas felt the wind of the
bullet on his- cheek. At the same mo-
ment Ishmi Bey sprang forward, when
the prince turned and ran to a door

at the far end of the hall. With his
hand on the latch the hermit overtook
him, driving his yataghan so violently
between the prince’s shoulders that the
blade transfixed the panel of the door.

  At Dallas’ right there rose the clash
and clatter of steel, and he turned to
see Sir James engaged with a man who
had been hiding behind the arras at
the other end of the hall. The room
was dimly lighted by three lamps, but
the farther recesses were buried in
shadow, and as Dallas glanced warily
about his quick eye was caught by a
moving figure in one of these. His
deadly weapon flew up, and even as it
did so a scream from Sir James’ an-
tagonist told that the duel was finished.
Simultaneously there boomed out from
the lower end of the hall a harsh and
raucous voice:

  “Don’t shoot! It vas I—Rosenthal—
and the ladies!”

  Dallas lowered his weapon, staring
in amazement through the heavy, suf-
focating smoke. Sir James was lean-
ing against the table, looking in the
same direction, his breath coming in
gasps, and a thin red stream running
from the point of his yataghan. At the
end of the hall lay the bodies of Ishmi
Bey and the Prince Emilio, whose death
struggle had snapped the blade which
transfixed him. Dallas crouched lower
to peer under the blinding smoke.

  In the extreme corner of the room
the huge bulk of the Jew was dimly
defined through the vaporous gloom.
He was standing erect, his big arms
spread out, his hands braced against
the wall on either side. As the two
men stared, the Jew, who had been
looking cautiously to right and left, let
his arms drop to his side and stepped
forward, when there appeared to their
astonished eyes the dark-clad figures of
the Lady Thalia and the Countess
Paula Rubitzki.

  “You can come oudt, ladies,” said
Rosenthal. “It is all ofer.”
64

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

  “Upon ray word!” gasped Sir James.
“Have you been there all the time?”

  “Yes, Sir Chames. There vas no
time to get oudt of the vay; you came
so quickly. I vas afraid the ladies
might get shooted, so I pushed them
into the comer and stood in fr-r-ont
of them. Mein Gott, a bullet went into
the wall an inch from my head. I can
see not’ing for the plaster in my eyes.”

  “Good for you,” grunted Dallas.

  The two girls came forward shrink-
ingly, their faces very pale and their
eyes wide with horror, for the room
was a smoke-filled shambles.

  “Where’s Connors?” asked Sir James
suddenly.

  “He got a sword thrust,” said Dallas,
“and rolled down the steps as we came
in.”

  Sir James went quickly out. The
others, dazed by the violence through
which they had just passed, stood for
an instant regarding one another in
silence. Then Dallas started on a tour
of inspection, accompanied by Rosen-
thal, whose massive head was still
swathed in bandages.

  Ishmi Bey and the prince were both
quite dead; so was the man at whom
Dallas had fired, while the two vic-
tims of Sir James’ yataghan appeared
to be dying, both having been run
through the chest.

  “Sapristi!” said Rosenthal. “How
far hate will take a man! Especially
when he is a holy man. Here is Ishmi
Bey with four bullet holes in his body,
one of them over the heart, and yet he
has lived to kill the prince.”

  As he spoke, Sir James entered the
room. The Englishman’s eyes were
brimming over, and his face was pale
and drawn.

  “Dead?” asked Dallas.

  Sir James could only nod. Followed
by Rosenthal, Dallas hurried out of the
house. They found the brave Irish-
man lying on his back at the foot of

the steps, stone dead, his revolver still
clenched in his hand.

  As they reentered, Dallas paused on
the threshold. Sir James had sunk into
a chair, his elbows on the table, his
chin on his knuckles, staring into va-
cancy. Beside him stood Paula, her
hand resting on his shoulder. Dallas
looked, and suddenly understood. His
gray eyes opened very wide. He
stepped quickly to his friend.

  “James, old chap, I am sorry.”

  Rosenthal’s heavy voice broke the
silence which followed:

  “Where are the Shkipetari ? What
happened you?”

  In a few brief words Dallas told the
Jew of what had befallen the Alba-
nians. Rosenthal’s face grew very
grave.

  “Sapristi! Ye must get oudt of here
at vonce. The Turks vill hold Thalia
responsible. Come, Sir Chames, let us
bury your man and get a vay. Thalia,
find your servants and haf them saddle
some horses. Ye must lose no time to
get across the border into Monte-
negro !”

CHAPTER XV.

  A soft breeze from the Adriatic
sighed and whispered through the lofty
tops of the great pines which rose
straight and dark and solemn from the
brim of the high plateau. The yellow
moon, which two nights before had
looked down, cold and bright and mer-
ciless, upon the slaughter of the Shkipe-
tari, now shone with a fervor almost
caressing in its luscious warmth, tem-
pered by the soft air from the sea.

  Far below the rolling hills swelled
away to infinity, bathed in luminous
disorder, their crests converted into
islands of enchantment, rising from the
sea of mist which filled the valleys.

  Side by side, at the foot of one of
the big forest sentinels, Dallas and the
Lady Thalia sat upon the carpet of
aromatic pine needles and looked out
A PRINCESS OF THE 'BALKANS

65

upon the moonlit wilderness. Not far
beneath them on the mountainside
there sparkled a light or two from the
little inn where the refugees had halted
for the night.

  Presently Dallas spoke, his voice sub-
dued to the murmur of the gentle
breeze in the treetops, high above their
heads.

  ‘‘Dear, to-morrow you will have to
say good-by to your savage mountains.
Cettinje is over there’'—he pointed to-
ward the vague distance before them.

  ‘‘Am I never to see my hills again,
Stephen ?” asked the girl.

  “It’s hard to tell, sweetheart, Per-
haps some day we may come back for
a visit. But your home is going to be
very far away from them.”

  “Where, dearest ?”

  “In my own country, Thalia, I’ve
been too long away. We Americans
are not built for the silly, aimless life
that I’ve been leading; we are meant
for strife and action and keen effort."

  “You are.” She nestled closer.

  “I’m afraid,” said Dallas, “that I’m
not as civilized as I thought I was.
Do you know, dear, I have never felt
so fit and happy in my life as I have
back there in your hills. The hardship
and the danger and all seemed to fill
some long-felt want. I could never go
back to the insipid life in Paris, after
this!”

  “I’m glad, Stephen. I am not so very
tame myself, you know!” She laughed
caressingly, and took his hand in both
of hers. “We’re well mated, aren’t we,
dear?”

  lie drew her to him, and held her
there, his lips resting against her cheek.

  “I am afraid that we are two sav-
ages, dear. Your fathers were Shkipe-
tari and spent their time in carving the
Turks with their yataghans. Mine were
Texas Rangers, and spent their time in
carving up greasers with bowie knives.
There's not much to choose ! Then you
and I come along, and are sent to school

C5A

in France and told to be polite. And
at the very first chance we trot out and
shoot up the country as naturally and
joyfully as if we had been taught to do
it! But it shows me where I really
belong; and of course you belong with
me.”

  Thalia seized his wrists, and turned
to stare at him with large and startled
eyes.

  “Do you mean that you are going
back to America to fight with—what do
you call them—greasers? And In-
dians, perhaps ? Oh, no, no, Stephen !
What if you should be killed ?”

  Dallas took her in his arms. “No,
darling,” said he. “Those days are
past. We are going to be married and
live in a peaceful country enough, btit
one where a man does a man's work
—and makes other men do it, too! I
don’t know what mine will be; but I
have inherited big responsibilities, dear
—railroads and factories and great
tracts of lialf-savage country to be de-
veloped—and I am going back to de-
velop it—and myself! And you shall
help !J' 1

  “I shall try, dear.” Thalia’s voice
was tremulous. “Do you think that I
can really help? And, oh, Stephen”—
a sob rose in her throat—“will you love
me always and truly, when you have
me all alone in that big, far-away coun-
try of yours?” She hid her face in
his chest.

  Dallas clasped her in his arms, then
raised her face, and kissed her warm,
trembling lips.

  “Thalia, darling! If you only
knew!” he whispered. “I keep asking
myself what I have ever done to de-
serve such a woman! Resolute, cheer-
ful, fearless, and tender. Ah, my dear,
if you only knew!”

  Her arms tightened about his neck,
her face crushed to his. But the night
wind from the valley seemed to whisper
to the murmuring pines:

  “Truly, and always!”
66

THE ‘PO'PULA'R MAGAZINE

  “As peace advocates who came to this
country to help to prevent bloodshed,”
said Sir James a few nights later, as
he and Dallas watched the lights of
Cettinje dwindling over the taffrail of
the steamer, “it strikes me that we have
proved pretty gorgeous failures, Ste-
phen. Poor old Connors!” He caught
his breath, and stared moodily into the
sea.

  “Don’t take it so much to heart,
James. Connors was a soldier, and he
died a soldier’s death. He is much
happier than he would be if you had
been the one to get that thrust through
the heart.”

  “But I got him into it. It was his
loyalty to me. Oh, hang it all, why
couldn’t it have been I?”

  “Because, my son, the high gods have
chosen you to marry Paula Rubitzki,
and muzzle the hounds of the secret
service, just as they selected me to
marry Thalia—for what merit of mine,
I am sure I don’t know!”

  “Perhaps Thalia does. And I say,
Stephen, it was a ripping little fight.”
There was a hoarse chuckle from the
door of the smoking room behind them,
and Rosenthal’s huge bulk obscured the
bright light from within.

  “Bah!” said he. “But you Anglo-
Saxons vill never get civilized! You
can t’ink of not’ing but fighting. Some

 day when you are older you vill under-
 stand, like me, vat foolish boys you

 -	haf been.” ■

   “At least, we did what we set out to
 do, baron,” said Sir James.

  “Yes, and a great deal more.” Ro-
senthal’s harsh laugh ripped its way
through the peaceful night. “And now
you are to be married, and happy like
me, and I am fery glad, because it
makes me feel as if my forty t’ousand
pounds had not been t’rown avay.”

   Two white-clad figures appeared at
the head of the after companionway,
and Dallas, whose eyes had not strayed
far from that part of the deck, turned
quickly on his heel.

   Sir James thrust himself back from
the rail. “We are going to watch the
moon rise,” said he to the baron.

  “Yes? Then I vill vish you good
night.”

   Rosenthal looked after the two young
 men, and a deep laugh rumbled in his
 chest.

   “Sapristi!” he muttered to himself.
 “Isidor Rosenthal has played many
 parts, but he has never learned to be
 a chaperon. Such foolish boys!” he
 muttered. “But not so foolish, after
 all.”

   And he turned to the cheerful glare
 of the smoking room.

If you are interested in international affairs, read the re-
markable novel in the next issue:

An Irregular Game

 By W. B. M. FERGUSON

It is a story of the Underground Service—an up-to-the-
minute tale, full of thrills
The Miracle Mix-Up

By Albert Payson Terhune
Author of '' The Man Who Could Do Everything,1 ’ “ The Brick,'" Etc.

   The plight of an American somewhere in the Land of Moab, about sev-
enty miles from Jerusalem, who starts to develop an antimony mine, only
to be confronted with the tidings that Fathma, the favorite wife of All, the
Lion of Allah, is buried there, and to disturb her bones means to let loose
upon the desecrators a horde of Oriental hobgoblins.

AND, furthermore, Howaji,” fin-
ished Najib, “he is a scourge,
this Welee—a hell person—
pretty bad.”

  Kirby solemnly drew out a packet of
deuxieme qualite cigarettes, with equal
solemnity shredded the paper from
four of them, and stuffed the resultant
handful of free tobacco into his smelly
black pipe. This he lighted. All with-
out reply to his factotum’s vehement
speech.

  “And, superadded to which, How-
aji,” pursued Najib, after vainly paus-
ing for answer, “superadded to which,
Je-hen-em yawns for him. But he has
us, as the folklore of your West world
land would say, in the hollows of his
fingers. Wherefore, what is to be
done ?”

  Logan Kirby withdrew the pipe from
his lips, looked with contempt at the
upheaved yellow tobacco in its bowl,
and gingerly sought to tamp it down
with his forefinger. Then he broke
silence.

  “Najib,” he said, “hereabouts—some-
where between here and Bagdad—or
maybe only between here and Damas-
cus—that yarn was invented about the
Magic Carpet. The rug that would

carry its owner anywhere on earth. I
wish I had it. I’d climb aboard for a
ruggy ride; and I’d tell it to start off
and keep going till I told it to stop.
Then, when I got just in front of
a tobacco store of my acquaintance, a
block or so from Times Square, I’d yell
‘Whoa!’ to the rug and hitch it to a
lamp-post while I went inside and
bought about -even and three-eighths
tons of a certain pipe mixture I know
of. I’d-”

  “There is a plenitude of tobacco
here, Howaji,” interposed Najib, sore
puzzled. “Both in cigarettes and for
also the nargile. But I was speaking
with an urgency of-”

  “There’s enough tobacco,” agreed
Kirby, “but it makes me homesick
whenever I smoke it. It reminds me of
the dear old days when I used to rake
autumn leaves and make bonfires of
them.”

  “Howaji!” spoke up Najib, with tear-
ful impatience. “I ask you if it is a
time and also a season for these sad
memories of home. I request to know,
is it? We are in peril to lose all.
There is perhaps a peril to the life as
well. And you talk sweetly of tobacco!”

  “No,” mildly corrected Kirb, “I talk
68

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

of the stuff in these Cairene cigarettes.
Don’t take the precious name of to-
bacco in vain by-”

  “But we are in a danger!” wailed

Najib. “The Welee-

  “That’s so,” assented Kirby. “The
Welee, to be sure. You were speaking
of him just now, I remember. Calling
him pretty names, weren’t you? When
did he say he’d be here?”

  “At the hour before Azim, Howaji.

And I beseech-”

  “H’m!” Kirby consulted his watch.
“Sun sets at about five-twenty. That
would bring him here by twenty min-
utes past four or so. I’ll have barely
time to write those two letters I must
send off when Imbarak starts for Jeru-
salem.”

  He turned toward his tent. Najib
interrupted him.

  “Is it a time for being a scribe,” he
demanded, in dismay, “when the Welee
is prone to be in our mongst within
the hour?”

  “There won't be time after he’s gone.
Imbarak starts for Jerusalem at seven.”
“There also and likewise may not be
time to be alive after the Welee is gone,
Howaji,” groaned Najib. “If the How-
aji—

  Kirby cut him short by strolling into
the tent and closing the flap behind
him. But as the dingy tent flap shut
him off from view of Najib and the
lounging soldiers and laborers outside,
the American’s flippancy of manner fell
away from him like an ill-fitting gar-
ment. The lazily tolerant grin he had
worn for the natives’ benefit was wiped
from his lean face as a sponge wipes
chalk from a blackboard.

  He crossed to a pile of luggage at
one end of the tent and fumbled with
the contents of two or three bags and
cases for a few moments, neatly wrap-
ping in paper several articles and drop-
ping them into his khaki pockets. Then
he went to the deal table alongside the
center pole, sat down on a camp chair,

drew a scratch pad toward him, and be-
gan to scribble. He headed his letter:

 Cabell Smelting Company’s Antimony
Mine; Somewhere in the land of Moab,
about seventy miles east of Jerusaiem,
Syria.

 After which, he wrote:

  Dear Uncle Dick: You’re surprised to
hear from me, of course. Especially since
your gushingly cordial invitation to me, three
years back, to go to the devil. A few months
ago I accepted the invitation. At least I did
the next best thing—I came to the land of
Moab. I came here as manager of the Cabeli
people's antimony venture.

  I don’t know why they picked me for the
job, for they have fully a dozen better men
for it than I—except because I had spent my
first ten years of life in this God-forsaken
corner of the world, when father was in
charge of the Nablous mission; and because
I knew the language, and as much about the
Syrian character as an outsider can reason-
ably hope to learn inside of two thousand
centuries. But that’s beside the point, which
is—I’m here.

  I'm not only here, but I stand a fairly
bright chance of passing on to the hereafter,
during the next couple of hours. That’s why
I’m bothering you with this letter. You’re
the only one of my kin who is still on top
of the earth. And you were mighty good
to me—at least, until I decided to keep on
in the school of mines instead of going into
the law school as you wanted me to. Hon-
estly, I could have never have made a decent
lawyer. Father was a missionary, and my
inherited conscience would forever have
been tangling me up. Never mind all that,
though. As I remember, you and I threshed
it out pretty exhaustively three years ago.

  You’re the only relative I have. And I’m
sentimental enough to want to shake hands
with you if this is really the end of the road,
and to part with you as good friends. I’m
going to give this letter to a muleteer who
is starting this evening on a provision trip
to Jerusalem. I’ll give it to him before the
row begins, and tell him to keep out of the
way of the trouble, and to set out as soon
as the road is clear—no matter what hap-
pens, If nothing happens, I’m going to get
this letter back from him, and tear it up.
For I don’t want to extend the olive branch
to you unless there’s a scrap of crape tied
to it. Because I’m pretty sure you don't
want it—undraped.

So if this letter gets to you, you’ll know
it is a genuine good-by, and that I’m sorry
THE MIRACLE M1X-U<P

69

I couldn’t meet your ideas about a career,
and that I wish we could have gotten on bet-
ter together, you and I. For I like you a lot.

  Here’s the fix I’m in: As I told you, I’ve
been running this little antimony mine for
the Cabell people. It’s about the only one
between the Hartz Mountains and Sarawak.
And it’s a good property, for all it’s so small.
We sell our output right here in Syria. Not
only for drug use, but for Kohl. That’s the
stuff the Oriental beauties use to blacken
their eyelids. My predecessor used to spring
a merry wheeze about “working in a Kohl
mine.”

  I was doing finely for a while. And I got
a raise and the promise of another. We
had a concession from the sultan. We’d
“greased” the basha—you’d call him the
“pasha,” but the Arabs have no letter “P”
in their elphabet, and they couldn’t pro-
nounce it if they had. We’d also sprinkled
tribute money ("baksheesh” is the local
word) among the nastier of the near-by
Bedouin tribes. And we had—and have—
an imposing and quite useless honorary guard
of twelve Turkish soldiers to protect us.
When the soldiers aren’t eating they’re sleep-
ing. When they aren’t doing either, they're
stealing.

  My superintendent is a Damascene, named
Najib. Except that he insists on talking to
me in a language which he mistakes for Eng-
lish, he is a treasure. For two years, long
ago, he was with a show at Coney Island,
and he can’t seem to get it out of his system.

  Everything was going beautifully at the
mine until yesterday a Welee (native
‘‘faquir,” or "holy man,” same as “medicine
man” among the Indians) happened along.
At sight of our mine he nearly had a fit.

  He explained to the fellaheen laborers and
the soldiers that we were digging in the exact
locality where Fathma, favorite wife of Ali,
the Lion of Allah, was buried. She is a
Moslem saint, and to disturb her bones, he
assured my men, would let loose upon the
desecrators a horde of. djinni and afrits
and similar Oriental hobgoblins who would
torture them to death and then burn their
souls.

  Don't laugh. It isn’t a joke. Or if it is
my natives don’t know it. To a man, they
knocked off work. The fellaheen and the
soldiers alike vowed they would not risk
Je-hen-em by digging farther or allowing
any one else to.

 I flashed the concession on them, and
threatened them with the sultan’s wrrath.
Also the basha’s. No use. The best I could
do was to keep them from running away at
once. For the present they graciously re-

main and gobble full rations, but they don't
do one lick of work. And if we don’t get
off our next shipment this week we lose the
biggest customer we have—a Damascus firm
that takes seventy per cent of our output and
is flirting with a German syndicate which is
trying to undersell us and can’t. Najib has
known the Welee in other days. He is posi-
tive our German competitors have bribed the
holy man to stir up this row. It’s been done
before out here.

 It’s a strike. And failure to the mine
means failure to me. This job was my Big
Chance. And I had no intention of losing
it. Certainly not for an unwashed Welee.
So I tried to bribe the slimy old crook.
Nothing doing. He has evidently been too
solidly fixed by the syndicate. He won’t even
talk terms with me.

 He cursed me in a way that has set my
men to looking crosswise at me ever since.
Then, once more, he bade me leave this holy
ground that my infidel feet were defiling. I
refused. He cursed me again and went away.
I thought I was rid of him.

  I wasn’t. Najib has found out that he is
rounding up a crowd of Syrian fellaheen
from near-by villages and preaching a sort
of pocket-edition “holy war” to them. lie’s
surely earning his syndicate pay. Najib
found out, too, that he’s got a bunch of na-
tives worked up to the proper pitch of crazy
zeal, and that he is going to lead them here
against us at Azim (sunset) to-day.

  As I understand it, his playful plan is to
sic them onto me. And then, when they
have slain the infidel, they are to enact one
more pious duty by filling up the mine, so
that the late lamented Fathma’s mythical
bones may rest in peace again. And inci-
dentally so that the syndicate may grab'Ciur
trade.

  Pretty outlook, isn’t it? Do you wonder
I’m scratching off a word of good-by to the
only living person of my kin? Not that it
does any special good, but I’d like you to
know what happened. No one would know
otherwise. For it’s a safe bet the natives
won’t tell. According to their report, I’ll
have died from cholera or the plague or
snake bite, as has many another white man
out here in these pink-brown mountains.

  Najib’s the only one of the crew who has
too much sense to believe in every word of
the Welee’s bugaboo story. And he’s scared
stiff; so he isn’t much use to me. I try to
keep his pluck up and to impress the others
by not seeming to take the thing seriously.
But it’s about the seriousest thing in the
world.

  I’ve only one hope left, as a matter of fact.
70

THE tPO<PULAcR MAGAZINE

And that hope is so fantastic it wouldn't he
a hope at all anywhere except in Syria—
where everything is fantastic. It’s a fifty-
to-one shot. But I’ve made my arrange-
ments to play it. In the meantime-

  Logan Kirby laid down his fountain
pen. For Najib, without any show of
ceremony, came running into the tent.

  “Howaji!” he almost screamed. “He
is coming—the Welee is coming—up
the hill he comes! And over five
trillion men at his heels. All singing
‘Din—Din—DIN! Muhammed Din!’
and making ready to kill in very saintly
joy. A half hour it is before the time
the Welee have averred that he will
come. He—listen!”

  Through the drowsy stillness of the
afternoon came a rumbling and mutter-
ing, with a singsong cadence in it.
Kirby had heard the sound but once
before—in his early childhood, when a
horde of Moslem fanatics had tried to
storm his father’s- mission house at
Nablous—but he would have recog-
nized it anywhere. He glanced down,
regretfully at the letter there was no
time to finish. He tore it across, then
made for the tent door. The chatter-
ing and ague-stricken Najib pattered
close behind him.

  The camp was pitched in a little hol-
low a hundred yards in front of the
mine, and facing a low hill that sloped
down into the valley behind. From
beyond the crest of this hillock came
the droning chant of:

 “Din—Din! Muhammed Din!”
(“For the Faith! For Islam!”) ever
swelling closer.

  The laborers and the dozen soldiers
were already trotting up the hill’s
hither side to welcome the oncomers.

  With a dash, Kirby was among his
erstwhile workers and guards, pushing
past them and making at headlong
speed for the hillcrest. In thirty sec-
onds he was at the summit, the ashen-
faced Najib toiling along prayerfully in
his wake.

  At the crest, Kirby paused. Behind
him his men were pressing forward.
In front, moving in ragged formation
and carrying flintlock guns and horse
pistols and rusty, curved sabers and
clubs, a body of perhaps fifty men and
boys toiled up the steeper incline to-
ward him.

  They swayed to and fro as they
climbed, moving their bodies in time
to their eternal rumbling chant of “Din
—Dili'—DIN!” Ten paces in front of
them minced the Welee, a horrible fig-
ure, filthy, white-bearded, draped in a
cloud of yellowish rags.

  At the crest was a little stone-encir-
cled spring, the camp’s source of drink-
ing wTater. Kirby had forbidden the
sinking of a well nearer the mine, on
the theory that men who must walk a
quarter mile every time they are thirsty
will not often waste the company’s time
by being thirsty.

  Beside the rough coping of this
spring he paused. The crowd in front
caught sight of him, outlined against
the coppery sky above them. And the
chant took on new fierceness, intershot
writh words quite as unnecessary as un-
translatable. Nor were the workers
and soldiers, who had swarmed up the
slope behind Kirby, overcordial in their
looks. Indeed, one or two of them
had even caught up the “Din—Din—
DIN!” singsong.

  Kirby lifted a hand for attention,
and, before dropping the hand to his
side, put its palm across his mouth to
mask a yawn that had no existence.
Then, as the hand fell, he carelessly
let its fingers entwine themselves about
the butt of the pistol at,his belt.

  His eyes were on the Welee. And
the latter checked his uphill scramble
as he noted the contact of the long
brown fingers with the pistol butt. He
came to a standstill a bare fifteen feet
from the spring. His followers, dis-
appointed at their leader’s pause, strag-
gled to a halt behind him.
THE MIRACLE MIX-U<P

71

  And thus, for a brief instant, the
whole party stood, the mine men and
the Welee’s followers in irregular semi-
circles opposite each other, and at the
edges of the summit Kirby, beside the
spring, facing the Welee and with Na-
jib crouching, doglike, at his feet.

  The silence endured for the merest
fraction of a second; then the Welee
spoke, his husk-dry voice whirring like
a locust’s through the sudden hush.

  “Feringhee (foreigner),” he puffed,
still winded by the run. “Upon you
be such peace as Allah the All-merciful
can grant unto an infidel!”

 “And unto you, O Son of the
Prophet and father of an hundred
sons/’ unctuously replied Kirby, “be
peace and prosperity and the blessings
of Es-Semme!” '

  It is said that in the Orient two stray
dogs do not meet to fight without first
swapping compliments. It is certain
that no two humans—be their meeting
never so urgent or hostile—fail to ob-
serve this world-old usage. It costs
nothing—except time. And time is the
one commodity wherein every Oriental
is rich.

  “You have desecrated the shrine of a
saint,” pursued the Welee, courtesy be-
ing sated, “and I am come hither to

stop-”

  “So you said yesterday,” returned
Kirby, with real urbanity. “But you
were mistaken. I am glad you are here,
so that I may tell you so.”

  He spoke very quietly, yet making
sure that his voice should carry to the
utmost bounds of two semilunes of lis-
teners. ' Forestalling an answer, he
went on:

  “O holy and Heaven-descended We-
lee, you were right—Truth flowed, as
sparkling and clear as the Abana itself,
from your reverend lips—when you
told me our mine was digged at the
spot where sleep the ashes of immortal
and glorified Fathma—on whom be the
smile of the Most High! I know that

now past all peradventure. Though I
was fool enough yesterday to doubt.
Yet when you say I desecrate her shrine
you err. That, too, has been revealed
to me.”

  His voice had gradually taken on the
droning intonation and his eyes the
glassily exalted look of the true East-
ern devotee. His body swayed as he
spoke. The crouching Najib peered up
at him in amaze.

  The others, who had begun edging
and milling slowly forward, came again
to a standstill. They recognized the
signs and instinctively did them rev-
erence.

  Even as the busiest street in Damas-
cus or Jerusalem will respectfully sus-
pend traffic while a ragged mystic pro-
ceeds to have an epileptic fit or a reve-
lation or a vision in the center of the
thoroughfare—even as the war-crazed
dervish hosts slackened their mad on-
rush to a dead stop when their Khalifa
was stricken by a heavenly trance, on
the march to Omdurman, so now, at
the time-honored symptoms of such a
supernatural visitation—even in an in-
fidel—the fanatics paused to look.

  The primal check was but momen-
tarily, and Kirby realized this. So he
wasted no time before making use of
it. He swung his hands aloft, his eyes
glaring heavenward, his body swaying
convulsively. White foam appeared
upon his parted lips. His jaws moved
awkwardly, as if he were chewing. (As
indeed he was. The bit of shaving soap
he had put into his mouth as he stifled
the nonexistent yawn was “lathering”
more slowly than he could have
wished.)

  But the sight of the foam capped the
impression of the staring qyes and the
chanting voice and the swaying form.
There could be no possible doubt that
this Feringhee infidel was in the throes
of inspiration from Fleaven. The vil-
lagers, the soldiers, the laborers gazed
upon him with the awed delight that
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

71

Eastern onlookers ever glean from
such attacks. Even the Welee looked
at him, irresolute, the fanatic fire eb-
bing a little from his withered and un-
washed face.

  Kirby, through the tenseness of the
moment, recalled how his missionary
father had given him no less than three
sound spankings, in childhood, for mim-
icking these “devotee ecstasies.” It had
been the lonely boy’s favorite game at
the Nablous mission house.

  His voice scaling upward, almost to
a falsetto, and his language taking on a
formality worthy of Bible days, he in-
toned :

  “Fathma the glorified—Fathma the
loved spouse of Ali the Lion of Allah
—Fathma appeared to me this day at
the still hour before dawn. In a vision
she appeared to me, And she spake.

O	Welee, wouldst hear her words
from these poor lips of mine that are
unfit to breathe them? They are a mes-
sage for thee.”

  “A message!” snorted the scandalized
Welee. “A message to w—through
the lips of an infidel?”

  ‘‘She said thou wouldst not believe,”
wailed the swaying Kirby. “She said
thou wouldst not. Because I am an in-
fidel. And. she bade me remind thee
that the Prophet—on whom be forever
the peace of es Semme!—she bade me
remind thee that the Prophet himself,
in his hour of need at El-Mecca,
deigned to send an infidel Greek to
Omar with his call for help. Also that
the blessed Koran saith-”

  The lather strangled him, and he
gulped. He was glad of the interrup-
tion. For he could not remember for
the life of him just what the blessed
Koran had said on the subject of using
infidels as instruments for grace. The
text’s exact wording had slipped his
tumult-stirred mind.

  But, with his audience, the gulp and
its accompanying shudder readily
passed muster as a spiritual spasm.

The natives began to look impressed.
The Welee still glowered, angrily
doubtful, but the crowd was visibly—
and audibly—interested. Mastering
the strangulation, Kirby went on with
his chant:

  “Thus spake the glorified spouse of
Ali, in my vision: ‘Lo, I have chosen
thee as my mouthpiece, that all may
know the power of Allah and His serv-
ants to speak to mankind even through
the lips of an infidel pariah.’ Wilt hear
me, O Welee? Or shall I hold my
peace ?”

  The Welee made as though to speak
in sharp negation; but an eager murmur
of assent from the two half circles of
hearers drowned his reply. And Kirby
hurried on:

  “This is the message, O my brothers,
as the vision of Fathma the wonderful
spake it to me at the hour of false
dawn, standing at my couch foot, en-
wrapped in glory and with the face
of the sun and—‘and the stars in her
crown were seven,’ ” he ended lamely,
drawing on Rossetti for inspiration.
Bracing his taut nerves, he repeated:
“This is the message: ‘My mortal
ashes have been transmuted, by a mir-
acle of the Most High, into the silvery-
white dust of the mineral ye seek here.
And it is my will that ye continue to
seek it, so that men shall distribute it
throughout the earth, and that my dust
may serve to blend with potions that
restore health to the stricken, and to
darken and make lovely for their lords
the eyes of women, and to weld rare
metals into strength and beauty. Con-
tinue thy task, O infidel, thou and the
believers who toil for thee! Thus may
the power of Fathma forever reach out
beyond the grave. It is my will.’ ”
Kirby threw out his arms and fairly
shrieked the last words through his
foaming lips. And to himself he was
groaning:

  “Good Lord! A six-year-old kid
wouldn’t be taken in by such piffle!”
THE MIRACLE MIX-UP

73

  A murmur of assent and dissent and
of argument was running through the
crowd. The Welee lurched forward in
a furious gust of rage, shouting:

 “He lies! He blasphemes! He

would trick you ! I say it—I the-”

  “Aiwa! (Yes!),” intoned Kirby, as
if verifying something he had wholly
expected. “It is thus she told me thou
wouldst speak, thy holy zeal for once
overcoming thine Heaven-inspired
brain. And she bade me prove by deeds
what thou wouldst not believe from my
words. She bade me give thee a sign.
Yea, two signs, if need be. Though
for thine own sake, O Welee, she bade
me seek to persuade thee by the first
and simpler sign.”

  “A sign?” repeated the Welee, in
angry disbelief.

  “A sign ?” flew the muttered echo
through the crowd.

  “You repeat, all of you, the very
words I spake to her,” responded
Kirby. “When she bade me give a
sign, I said: ‘O mother of a million
believers, how may / give a sign that
thine exalted servant, the Welee, shall
believe? For lo, I am but an ignorant
Feringhee who hath not wit to work
miracles!’ And she replied to me: ‘Be
of good cheer. For it is not thou, but
/. working through thee, who shall
make these miracles come to pass.’ And
then she told me those things which
I should do.”

  By this time the crowd was as tense
with anticipated thrills as a Sunday-
school class at its first circus. For mir-
acles are things not seen every day,
even in Syria. And there was every
prospect of at least one such manifesta-
tion. Perhaps of two. The Welee noted
the change in his followers’ mental at-
titude, and he strove hotly to counter-
act it.

  “It is a trick!” he reiterated. “A
windy promise whereby he seeks to
fool you. To none but the holy is it
granted to perform miracles. Behold !”

  He drew his gnarled body to its full
height and opened wide his toothless
mouth. From between his jaws gushed
a swirl of red flame.

  “Allah sa-id! Nabi sa-id!” shrieked
the wondering Syrians.

  The Welee glared triumphantly at
Kirby—who had seen the fire-belching
trick a half hundred times, from the
faquir booths of Bagdad to the circus
side shows of Pompton, New Jersey.

 Taking quick advantage of the
crowd’s stark amaze, the Welee drew
a curved knife from his belt, and, in
sight of them all, drove it hilt deep into
his own emaciated chest. When he re-
moved his fingers from around the han-
dle, there was no sign of knife hilt,
knife blade, nor wound.

  “Allah sa-id!” gasped the onlookers
again, many of them falling face down-
ward on the earth and moaning forth
Koran texts and prayers.

  “It is well!” broke in Kirby, with
difficulty steadying' his voice again into
the singsong. “It is well! None
doubted the holiness of the Welee nor
his Heaven-sent power to do things
which are impossible to mere mortals
such as we. The spouse of Ali fore-
told that he would do so. She told me
he would spout forth flame and would
drive a knife to his heart. She bade
me say it is she—under the will of
Allah—who hath given him such
power.”

  The Welee eyed his opponent with a
new look—a look in which rage was
now mingled with something very like
bewilderment.

  “It is known,” reiterated Kirby. “It
is known to all folk that Allah endows
His saints upon earth with miraculous
powers. But it is also known to all
folk that Allah doth not waste such
power upon the Feringhee. Therefore,
when I perform miracles before you,
will it not be proof that I am but the
unworthy and helpless instrument in
74

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

the hands of Allah—through his be-
loved handmaiden, Fathma ?”

  Again the Welee’s hesitant denial
was drowned in an eagerly assenting
chorus of “Aiwa!” The crowd packed
and jostled in its crass excitement.
Here, forsooth, was more than a mir-
acle. It was to be a duel of miracles.
A sight to remember forever and to
relate to one’s ophthalmic grandsons.

  For a moment Kirby stood move-
less, facing his foe, waiting to let the
impression sink in, and to sharpen by
delay the nerves and the credulity of
his audience.

  Somewhere hereabouts, thirty centu-
ries agone, Elijah and the priests of
Baal had held their miracle contest.
Kirby remembered the sacred tale, and
he smiled to himself at the idea of en-
acting the same scene under twentieth-
century skies. But Syrian skies, he re-
flected, are not twentieth-century skies.
They are still the skies that looked
down upon the childhood of the world.
And at the thought he took heart.

  “The first sign,” he droned, body
asway and mouth afoam, “the first sign
she bade me give you was this”

  He drew from the breast of his coat
a half dozen flat little paper parcels.
Every man among the miners and the
soldiers was familiar with the sight of
tKe packages. They were used for
holding ore samples. In such packets
the men had again and again seen
Kirby wrap the silvery-white specimens
of pulverized antimony.

  “These/' intoned the American, wav-
ing the handful of papers at the Welee,
“are pinches of the dust and the crushed
metal that I dig from the shrine of
the blessed Fathma. Thine own breth-
ren will bear me out in this. An hun-
dred times they have beheld me fill the
paper squares with such dust. Many
of them have filled the papers for me.
Is it not so?”

  “Aiwa!” assented the laborers, zest-
fully nervous to see the miracle begin.

  Carelessly taking one paper from the
handful, Kirby thrust the rest back into
his pocket. Opening the paper he held,
he displayed a teaspoonful of the whit-
ish powder.

  “This is the sign,” he droned. “The
powder here is but the powder we gain
from crushing the mineral yonder, as all
of my men will attest. Brothers, ye
have oft and again washed this pow-
der for me, to cleanse it from earth
stains. Bear my witness, hath the water
changed it in any way?”

  “Lla!” (No!), negatived the work-
ers, in ragged chorus, growing more
and more impatient.

 “Good!” approved Kirby. “Thus
spake Fathma, the blessed among
women: ‘Sprinkle water upon this dust
of mine, before the eyes of my serv-
ant, the holy Welee. And give him
also Of the dust, that he, too, may sprin-
kle it with water. If the dust he sprin-
kleth doth not change, and if the dust
thou sprinklest doth become a cloud of
snow, he shall know that thou art my
messenger and he shall obey my will,
and all my people shall obey my will
and shall hinder thy labors no more,
lest in my wrath I prevail upon Allah
to send such snow throughout the
land, to blast the pastures, even as snow
has ever blasted the summit of Her-
mon.”

  It was a dire threat to folk in a
country where prosperity depends on
pasturage. Scarce a man there but had
at some time been so inquisitive as to
climb Mount Hermon’s slopes to stare
at the wet, soggy snow that plastered
the mountain’s crest after each lowland
rainfall. Scarce a man but remembered
the barren deadness of the earth on
Hermon’s summit. The threat was
pregnant.

  “It is a lie!” sputtered the Welee.
“The blessed Fathma-”

  “Then prove it a lie!” ordered Kirby,
taking another of the papers from his
pocket and literally thrusting it into the
THE MIRACLE MIX-UV

75

Welee’s clawlike hand. “Here is
water,” tapping a partly full earthen
ghoola that stood on the coping of the
spring. “I call on thee—in the name
of the glorified Fathma—to do her bid-
ding.”

  The Welee dropped the paper to the
earth, where, one end of the packet
opening, the silvery powder spilled on
the dusty ground. Kirby had picked
up the ghoola and was pressing it upon
his foe. The natives had clustered
close around, breathless, goggle-eyed.
The Welee pushed back the ghoola.

  “I will not!” he raged. “It is a lie!
It-”

  “Blasphemy!” reproved Kirby. “I
have no means to make thee obey the
vision’s mandate, O Welee,” he added.
‘‘Yet 1, a mere infidel, respect her too
profoundly to disobey. See!”

  He shook upon a flat rock the pow-
der contents of his own packet, then
dashed a spoonful of water on it.
Smoothing and manipulating the wet
powder with one hand, he held aloft
the other in supplication, his eyes roll-
ing heavenward as he chanted:

  “O Fathma, favored of Allah, spouse
of Ali, if I lie or if I call on thee in
vain, smite me with fearful death, or
let these thy servants slay me. If I am
in truth thy messenger, show forth thy
miracle according to thy word and let
this dust of thy lovely body turn to the
snows of-”

  He got no farther. His audience had
broken into a cry that swelled to a
roar. Wonder, veneration, fear—all
were blended in that spontaneous out-
burst.

  Kirby glanced downward. To the
wrist, his hand that manipulated the
wet powder was engulfed in a snowy
substance that glittered white in the
sunset.

  “Allah!” quavered the awed crowd.
“Allah hu akbar!”

  To all intents and purposes, the pow-
der had in a few seconds become trans-

formed into a little snowdrift of thirty
times its original bulk. At least, to men
who have seen no more of such phe-
•nomena than has the average Syrian,
it was indubitable and flawless snow.

  “Miracle! Miracle!” groaned the
crowd. “The spouse of Ali hath spo-
ken—and through a Feringhee! It is
as he said.”

  “It is a lie! A trick!” stormed the
Welee.

  But for once no one heeded him. A
miracle is a miracle, whoever performs
it. And a miracle had been performed.
The miners knew well that a pinch of
antimony powder does not change to
a double handful of snow through
washing. The other fellaheen knew
nothing of antimony nor of chemistry.
But they knew snow—the soggy, wet,
sticky snow of Syrian mountaintops.
And, seeing, they believed.

  Again Kirby caught up the ghoola.
He shoved it roughly into the Welee’s
grasp, then stepped back. For the very
briefest instant the Welee mechanically
held the vessel, then in scorn he let it
drop. It fell on soft earth and did not
break. But a splash of water flew from
it as it struck ground and spattered
some of the powder that had been
strewn from the paper the Welee had
dropped.

   ‘‘Now!” cried Kirby, taking swift ad-
vantage of the accident. “Thou also
hast sprinkled the white dust with
water—though against thy will—even
as Fathma the blessed foretold to me
thou shouldst. And her prophecy shall
come true. For the dust does not
change into snow.”

  And then and there the badly rattled
Welee made the one and only blunder
of his snaky career. Nettled at his
followers’ wavering allegiance, he
dropped on one knee, and, as he had
seen Kirby do, he began to manipulate
the wet antimony. And it remained
wet antimony.
76

THE cPOcPULAcR MAGAZINE

  A murmur rose from the little
throng.

  “Have I lied, O my brothers?” de-
manded Kirby, as the discomfited Welee
scrambled to his feet, fiercely chagrined
at his own blunder. “Have I lied?
Does or does not the glorified spouse
of Ali speak through me, her unworthy
mouthpiece ? Are ye < content ? May I
carry out the wishes of the blessed one
and continue to dig in yonder mine ?”
“Aiwa!” burst from fifty throats.
“The blessed one hath spoken!”

  “It—it is false!” mumbled the Welee,
more and more stricken at his devotees’
defection. “It is a trick!”

  But the miners knew better. They
knew the ordinarily harmless action of
water upon antimony. The fellaheen,
too, had witnessed the miracle of the
snow making, and they were convinced.
Sure of his backing, Kirby wheeled
once more upon the Welee.

  “A trick?”, he echoed. “A trick?
It is sacrilege to say so. Must I make
the second—the decisive—test?”

  “Akva! Aiwa!” babbled the crowd,
crazy to behold another miracle.

  “It is well,” decreed Kirby, taking
forth the handful of the specimen par-
cels once more. “The blessed Fathma
bade me, as a final sign, to devour two
of these packets of her dust, and to bid
her unbelieving servant, the Welee, also
to devour two. If I be speaking in
her name, no harm shall befall me. If
he be right and I be wrong, no harm
shall befall him. But if either of us be
wrong in what we have told you con-
cerning her will as to the digging of
her dust, then she will at once let loose
an afrit to afflict the liar in such way as
shall show all men that he is false.
Behold, I do her will!”

  Choosing two of the packets, as at
random, he tossed the contents into
his mouth and swallowed them by the
aid of a swig of water from the fallen
ghoola.

  “Now!” he commanded, thrusting

two more of the powders upon the
Welee.

  “I will not!” vowed the Welee, in a
last burst of wrath. “It is fraud! How
know I the dust is not poisoned?”
“Thou hast seen me devour it,” said
Kirby. “It has oft and again fallen
on the lips and tongues of these my
workers and no harm has befallen them.
Take these two packets!”

  “I will not! I-”

  A general muttering—decidedly ugly
in trend—stopped the Welee’s hot re-
fusal. His prestige was very much at
stake. With a snarl like a cross cat’s,
he snatched the proffered paper recep-
tacles, shook their powders on his
tongue, and gulped them down. They
stuck midway. He coughed and took
a swallow of water.

  “O Fathma!” breathed Kirby, in
pious ecstasy, and in almost dizzy re-
lief. “It is done!”

  It was done. There could be no
doubt of that. After a few seconds
of breathless silence, wherein the eyes
of the close-packed and breath-held
throng devoured him, the Welee’s ex-
pression of lofty contempt changed all
at once to a look of trouble. The crowd
cried out in sheer astonishment.

  From trouble the Wrelee’s aspect
merged into agony. His mouth flew
wide open, emitting marvelous sounds
that were a blend of dog howls and
the noise made by fifty exhausted si-
phons.

  The Welee’s clawr hands gripped the
Welee’s sunken waist. The Welee’s
thin legs carried the Welee’s thinner
body high into the air in a series of
frantic leaps whose nimbleness was as-
tounding in one so old and weak.

  “Maschallah! Fathma el Sitt! O'dhi
El Afrit!” chorused the onlookers, jos-
tling and shuffling in fanatic fervor.

  One big fellah cast down his antique
musket and fell at Kirby’s feet, crying
adoringly:
THE MNiACLE MIX-UP

77

  “Saadat el Basha! Rasoul Allah!”
(Great Master! Apostle of Allah!)

  Others followed his example. Ec-
static miners ran to the American,
kneeling and seeking to kiss his hands
and his dusty boots.

  Meantime, the Welee was doing a
dervish contortion dance whose splen-
did abandon would have won him a
fortune on any stage. And he accom-
panied each flying step w'ith ear-tor-
turing screeches and with that nameless
vocalization as of a half hundred emp-
tying siphons.

   At last, worn out, writhing in agony,
moaning, and still siphoning, he rolled
helpless at Kirby’s feet.

  The last of the rioters emeritus had
drifted out of sight down the wady.
The last miner had rushed back to
work with tireless religious zeal.
Kirby, weak with reaction, longed for
some one—any one—with whom to talk
over his victory. So he summoned to
his tent the worshiping Najib, who had
been frisking adoringly about him with
the grace and glee of a drunken bear
'cub.

  “In storybooks, Najib,” observed
Kirby, "the gallant young hero over-
awes the low-browed savages by some
such good old device as false teeth or
a wooden leg or a solar eclipse or a
neat conjuring trick. But I don't know
eclipse dates, and I’m shy on parlor
stunts, and I’ve still got at least two
fairly solid legs and most of mv origi-
nal teeth-”

  “Praise unto the Most High for spar-
ing these blessings unto you, O How- -
aji!” interposed Najib blissfully in
English. “And may your father’s forty
lesser wives pay homage to your re-

spectable mother for that she have con-
descended to bear so grand a person as
you! Blest likewise and also be thy

paternal-”

  “So.” went on Kirby, unheeding the
rainfall of adulation, 'T had to do
what I could with what I had. I never
dreamed there could be so much beauti-
ful snowy lather in one spoonful of

shaving powder; but-”

  “But,” put in Najib, perplexed, “the
powder you gave him to sprinkle? It
pasted only, and it neglected to fuzz

itself like-”

  “It was a perfectly good antimony
sample. So were the two powders I
swallowed. I hope antimony isn’t bad

for the-”

  “And the powder he ate? By the
grace of the blessed Fathma—on whom
be-”

  “Those just happened to be seidlitz
powders—the blue and the w7hite. The
sort I gave you when you were sick
last month. But this time I had put the

blue one in a white paper and-”

 "But, Howaji!” babbled Najib.
“They did not arouse hell fight within
me! Oh, of an assuredly, the glorified

Fathma hath-”

  ‘'You mixed the two powders before
you swallowed them. The Welee swal-
lowed them before he mixed them.
That’s all the difference. Just the
trifling difference between a glass of
soda water and a volcano. You see,
I-»

  “I see, Howaji,” murmured Najib in
solemn veneration, “And I see that
the American Bible text is brought to
pass: ‘One man’s meat is better than
two in the bush; and—the way of the
transgressor is the shortest way home.’
Bismillah!”

TERHUNE IS WRITING FOR US A NUMBER OF THESE
AMUSING ORIENTAL YARNS. WATCH OUT FOR THEM.
The Terrace Inn Tragedy

By Roman Doubleday
Author of “The Saintsbury Affair,” “The Hemlock Avenue Mystery,’’ Etc.

      Starting with a crime committed In the Terrace inn, chargeable to per-
  sons unknown, Roman Doubleday has not merely built up a mystery baffling
  enough for the most confirmed trouble hunters, but has in addition put into
  the novel that vital touch which makes the personages of the drama real
  flesh and blood. Some of them you would like to meet in real life, notably
  the girl Clio Ellerson, who holds her head up jauntily and lives happily in
  the sunshine and the rain; the type that makes the world wholesome.

BY WAY OF INTRODUCTION.

ON a certain day late in May of
last year, Mr. Howard Allen
arrived in the little town of
Arlington, on a visit to his
married sister, Mrs. Wilton Gardner.
Allen was in the diplomatic service,
and he had been abroad continuously
for over five years, filling minor posts
in Bulgaria, Russia, and Spain. It was
generally understood that his present
vacation was preliminary to'an advan-
tageous advance. He had attracted the
favorable attention of his chiefs at
Washington through his prompt accept-
ance of responsibility on one or two
critical occasions, and, still more, by
a savoir-faire and a diplomatic reserve
which have not always characterized
American representatives abroad.

  Arlington was a typical American
town, not too big for friendliness, not
too small for mystery. The State cap-
ital, Brookfield, some twenty-five miles
farther down the main railroad line,
had drawn away “big business,” leav-
ing Arlington to the green trees and
inclosed gardens of its villagehood. It
was Allen’s home town, but his absence

at school and college, at Washington
and abroad, had kept him a stranger
for the last fifteen years. Now, as he
walked again through its elm-shaded
streets and saw the tulips blooming in
prim propriety under the old-fashioned
bay windows, it seemed to him an ideal
place for taking a rest-cure vacation.
Surely nothing ever had happened, ever
could or would happen, in so peaceful
a place! Which proves that whatever
Mr. Allan’s other qualifications may
have been, he did not possess the power
of reading the future.

  His appearance in Arlington was of
sufficient local importance, at any rate,
to be chronicled in the social column of
the daily Journal. Mrs. Wilton Gard-
ner had herself telephoned the item to
the society editor, adroitly implying her
brother’s various honors and dignities,
and w'hen she saw it all in print she
read the item with a satisfaction she
did not always find in Browning, al-
though she was a clubwoman and re-
puted intellectual. She had plans for
that young brother of hers. Matri-
monial plans, of course. For a year
she had been impatiently awaiting his
THE TERRACE INN TCRAGECDY

79

return, in order to set her plans to
work. She had intended to save that
interesting society item in the Journal,
but when she looked for the paper she
couldn’t find it.

  The reason was that her young sis-
ter-in-law, Antonia Gardner, who lived
with her and Wilton, had carried the
paper to her own room. She clipped
the important item herself, and she
slipped it into a very secret hiding place
in her writing desk, where Jessie would
never think of looking, even if she did
come hunting for a postage stamp. But,
for that matter, nothing would have
suited Jessie’s plans better than this shy
interest on Antonia’s part.

  Old Thaddeus Rantoul read the item,
too—shaggy old Thaddeus Rantoul,
harassed and beset by evil fortune,
who had fled from Arlington to escape
interviewers, and dug himself in, like
a badger, at his country house in
Breckenridge. And as he read, the
nervous scowl between his gray old
eyebrows softened, and he muttered
half aloud: “Good boy, Howie! If
anybody can do anything for the old
man, you can. I wonder—I could trust
you, if I could trust anybody—even to
see Gordon. But Gordon is a snake!”

  Gordon was not a snake. He was
a State senator, and entitled to be ad-
dressed as Honorable. Rantoul didn’t
think he had a right to the title, but
Rantoul was prejudiced, and he was
not of a judicial temperament at any
time. Gordon may have read the item
about Howard Allen, for he made a
point of skimming the State papers
pretty carefully, but if he did it made
no impression upon him at the time.
He was in attendance at the State legis-
lature, which was drawing toward the
close of an extra session at the State
capitol, and he was very busy. He had
to live up to his reputation as a re-
former, as well as to his title, and be-
yond that there was a political future
which was not to be neglected. In-

deed, it is quite probable that he paid
no attention whatsoever to Howard
Allen’s visist to Mrs. Wilton Gardner.

  It was Mrs. Gardner’s name that
caught the eye of Madeline Hunt, as
she sat alone in her room in the Ter-
race Inn that evening, studying in print
the society doings of Arlington folk.
Everybody knows that to read a menu
card does a hungry man little good,
but Mrs. Hunt read on and on, with a
“Don’t care!” look on her handsome
face. Then she turned back to the
Gardner item. “I suppose she will be
more stuck up than ever, the peacock!”
were the words that went through her
brain cells, though she didn’t speak
them aloud. Of course Mrs. Gardner
was no more a peacock than Senator
Gordon was a snake. As has been said,
she was an intellectual woman; also,
she was very kindly and much occu-
pied with good works at home and in
the city. But she was slightly absent-
minded. She had been casually intro-
duced to Mrs. Hunt at a Civic Im-
provement luncheon, where all the
world had come together to listen to
an imported speaker, and then she had
quite forgotten both the name and the
woman the next minute. Of course
Mrs. Hunt should have been reason-
able, and given Mrs. Gardner the ben-
efit of the doubt when the latter passed
her without recognition. But a six
months’ bride, who is a stranger in a
strange city, and who, regrettably, can
offer no social indorsements whatso-
ever, is not so apt to be reasonable as
to be lonely and resentful. She had
not realized, before coming to Arling-
ton, that social indorsements served
any special purpose in the world. She
had expected to be accepted at her face
value—which was distinctly above par.
After six months at the Terrace Inn
she was still isolated. Not shunned
exactly, but—isolated.

  She read the item again, and her first
bitterness melted into a sort of wist-
80

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

fulness that was more becoming. “Gee,
she can invite her brother to come and
visit her!” she thought to herself. “Me,
I’m more scared that Sylvan should
find out where I am than anything
else!” And that shows another con-
sequence of a too-thoroughgoing dis-
dain of social indorsements.

  The city editor of the Arlington
Noon saw the Allen item in the social
column of the rival paper, cut it out -
with his pocket scissors, drew a blue-
pencil circle about it, wrote “Miss El-
lerson—Interview” in the circle, and
tossed it into his pick-up basket, from
which a boy took it in due course of
time to Miss Ellerson’s desk.

  Miss Clio Ellerson’s specialty for the
paper which availed itself of her serv-
ices was interviews with persons of im-
portance in their day. Her success was
largely due to the fact that she was
so much more human than professional.
This was wholly against her wish and
intent, for her ideal was to be per-
fectly professional—strictly and im-
personally and splendidly professional.
She had a quite romantic loyalty for
her paper, and a sense of responsibility
to the great American public which
was amusing or pathetic, according to
your view of the noble activities of
the press. Perhaps both her ideal and
her happy failure to meet it personally
were due to the fact that her journal-
istic experience could as yet be meas-
ured in months.

  It happened that at the moment when
the rounds boy brought the clipping to
her desk, Evan Baring was lounging
against the end of it in an attitude
suggestive of unlimited leisure. Evan
Baring was a privileged person. Many
privileges were granted to him, and
the rest he took. He had been a re-
porter on the Noon when Clio Eller-
son first went there, and his many
kindly helps to her ignorance when she
was a novice had established a friend-
ship which had survived his resigna-

tion from the staff and the vicissitudes
of fortune that had followed. For
Baring had been bitten by the Sher-
lock Holmes bee. He was possessed
by the ambition to establish himself as
a private detective. He cultivated as
extensive an acquaintance with the
criminal world as the somewhat lim-
ited resources of Arlington permitted,
and kept up unofficial relations with
the police department, which had for-
merly been covered by his “run.” He
was a year younger than Miss Eller-
son, so she called him by his first name
and treated him generally as though he
were about fifteen. He called her
“Miss Ellerson” with respectful cere-
mony, and looked up to her as a per-
son of very superior attainments,
though he knew more about the world
—not to mention the flesh and the devil
—in any minute than she had learned
in all of her twenty-three years.

  “Do you mean to say, Miss Eller-
son, that you don’t know why the Noon
is ragging old Thad Rantoul?” he was
demanding at the moment.

  “I don’t know that it is ragging
him,” she protested.

  “You bet it is—meanest kind of a
way. Not only in the serious edi-
torials, but in the news stuff—twisting
a word here and there to create an at-
mosphere. You just watch.”

  “But if Rantoul’s road has really for-
feited the conditions of the franchise,
it’s to the public interest that the facts
should be known.”

  “It’s to Senator Gordon’s interest to
make a grand-stand play, and the Noon
is playing party politics, that’s all.”

  Here the boy dropped on Miss El-
lerson’s desk the clipping announcing
to the world that Mr. Howard Allen
was making an extended visit to his
sister, Mrs. Wilton Gardner, and Evan
Baring quite naturally picked it up and
read it first.

-	“What you going to interview this
guy about?” he asked.
THE T&RRACB INN TCR/1GECDY

81

  Miss Ellerson took the slip from
him and read it. Then, instead of an-
swering, she made rather an odd re-
mark.

  ‘‘I wonder how it feels to kill a man,”
she said.

  Baring straightened up into alert at-
tention.

  “Don’t do it, Miss Ellerson! What-
ever he has done, don’t you get your-
self in wrong. Believe me, Miss Eller-
son, it’s no cinch to have the police
against you. They're a low set, and
they haven’t any feelings. No matter
how high-toned a murder may be, just
in itself, you understand, they are so
used to associating with real criminals
that they don't know how to discrimi-
nate. What have you got against this
guy, anyway? Not that it’s any of my
business, if you don't want to tell.”
“Oh, Evan, Evan!” laughed Miss
Ellerson. “Your sleuth’s imagination
jumped in the wrong direction that
time. I have no intention of becoming
a murderess, even of the highest tone.
I was just thinking of this Mr. Allen,
and how he shot three men hand run-
ning a few years ago.”

 “Gosh! You don’t mean it! How
was that?”

  “It was during a riot in Constanti-
nople. A mob that had set out to clean
out all foreigners started for the Amer-
ican hospital. Mr. Allen, who was an
attache of the American legation at St.
Petersburg, happened to be in the city
and on the spot. He stood before the
door of the hospital and said he would
shoot any man that mounted the steps.
They came on, and he shot—three
times. And he killed three men. Just
killed them dead, without giving them
time to think or explain or repent or
anything!”

  “Did the mob stop?” Baring asked
eagerly.

  “I believe so. If they hadn’t', I sup-
pose he would have kept on.”

C6A

  “Gee, but that was great! You don’t
lay that up against him surely?”

 Miss Ellerson was meditative. “I
just wondered how he felt about it
when he thought it over. You see,
these men were not criminals. They
were fanatics possibly, but as individ-
uals they may have been strictly moral
men, with families dependent on them
and all that. And he made himself
their judge and their executioner with-
out any authority. It must take an
enormous lot of self-confidence to do a
thing like that and not have it worry
you afterward.”

  “Butv he stopped the mob and saved
the hospital,” protested Baring. “And
you say he warned them not to come
on. Why stay awake over that—noth-
ing! Any man would be proud of it.”
“That's one reason why it isn’t worth
while giving the ballot to women,”
smiled Miss Ellerson. “We take our
responsibilities too seriousiy. To kill a
man out of hand, just because your
judgment runs against his judgment,
taking a responsibility. That is, if it
is done with thought. If it is done
just on impulse, what is the difference
between him and any other murderer ?
Every man who kills another probably
feels that he has a good reason for
doing so. If you let down the

bars-”

  “Good land, Miss Ellerson, wouldn’t
you shoot a mad dog?”

  “Yes.”

  “Wouldn’t you have shot the leader
of that mob?”

  “No. I am not saying I should not
have had a right to, possibly a duty to
shoot. But I know I should not have
done it.”

  Baring looked baffled. He had al-
ways regarded Miss Ellerson as an ex-
ception to Tier sex—wiser, more rea-
sonable, more intelligent about life.
You could talk to her as you talk to
a man. And here she was up in the
air like the rest of them.
82

THE cPOcPULJl<R MAGAZINE

  “Howard Allen always was pretty
sure of himself/’ she remarked remi-
niscently.

  “You know him?”

  “I used to know him years ago, when
he went to school, here in Arlington.
I haven’t seen him for many years.”
“Gosh, I’d like to know him—a man
like that! I’m going to have a look
at him, anyway.”

  Miss Ellerson looked up at him and
smiled. “Good-by, Evan. So sorry
you can’t stay any longer just now,
but of course I know you are busy.”
Baring picked up his hat writh a grin.
“Say, Miss Ellerson, maybe you think
that isn’t just as cold-blooded as draw-
ing a gun on a fellow! You use dif-
ferent weapons, but you get rid of
anybody you don’t want just the same.”
Clio Ellerson, left alone, picked up
the little slip and read it over. Then
she pulled her desk telephone toward
her and called up Mr. Wilton Gardner’s
residence.

  “Is Mr. Howard Allen in?”

  “No, he’s gone out,” answered a
sweet young voice. Miss Ellerson won-
dered subconsciously who could be
speaking—certainly not Mrs. Gardner
nor the maid.

  “Can you tell me when he will be
in ?” she pursued, following the accus-
tomed trail toward an interview.

  “No, I really don't know. He has
gone out to Breckenridge to see Mr.
Rantoul, and he may likely stay there
for dinner. Can I give him any mes-
sage ?”

  “No, thank you. I’ll call again,” said
Miss Ellerson, and hung up the phone.

  Then she meditated a little on the
information given by the sweet young
voice. So Mr. Howard Allen had the
entree to Thaddeus Rantoul’s house,
where no reporter had succeeded in
penetrating. Mr. Rantoul was very
much in the public eye just then, and
Clio Ellerson, special writer for the

Noon, was not the only newspaper rep-
resentative who had tried to pierce the
defenses of that Breckenridge bunga-
low, to ask Mr. Rantoul what action
he intended to take in regard to Sen-
ator Gordon’s bill—and had tried in
vain. Mr. Rantoul was never “at
home!” But if Mr. Allen was to be
there this afternoon, the door could
hardly be shut in the face of another
caller arriving, possibly, a few minutes
later. Miss Ellerson picked up her hat
and gloves, and left the office with a
subtle smile on her small dark face.

  In the street she paused to get a
copy of the News from a little newsboy
who smiled at her in cheerful anticipa-
tion.

  “Hello, Abram! How’s your uncle?”
she asked kindly.

  “He sick yet,” smiled Abram, with
unabated cheerfulness.

  Miss Ellerson smiled back, and went
on. And for all her kind heart she
never guessed that little Abram’s ready
smile masked a heart shaking with ter-
ror. For his uncle was very sick “yet,”
and sick people sometimes died, and
if he should die the bottom would cer-
tainly drop out of little Abram’s world.
There was nobody in that world now
but Abram and his uncle, and just
around it stood a ring of harpies, called
kind neighbors, who talked audibly
about the uncertainty of life and the
advantages of an orphan asylum for
little boys who had nobody to look after
them. When little Abram’s mind was
not preoccupied he frequently read the
headlines of the papers he sold, for he
was a sharp-witted youngster, and not
without enterprise. But he never pen-
etrated so far inside as the society col-
umn, so it is fairly certain that, though
he had distributed many copies of the
previous day’s issue, announcing the
arrival of Mr. Howrard Allen in Arling-
ton, he was himself quite unaware of
that momentous fact.
THE TB^ACB INN T^R/IGE^DY

83

CHAPTER I.

  “Oh, Howard, I wonder if you would
do me a great favor?” said Antonia
one evening at dinner, with a shy
glance across the table at her brother-
in-law, once removed, Howard Allen.
In spite of her effective air of shy-
ness she really had very little doubt
as to the answer, for Antonia Gardner
did not often ask favors in vain. She
was so little, so sweet, so appealing,
and the rose-leaf color came and went
in her cheeks so flutteringly that even
her own family considered it a privi-
lege to serve her, and is it possible to
say more than that ? And certainly
Howard Allen, her sister-in-law’s here-
tofore unknown brother, had shown no
disposition during the week he had been
a guest in the house to depart from
the family tradition. Since the first
day it had been taken for granted that
his prime occupation was to carry out
Antonia’s wishes. His smile across the
table now answered before his words:
“Ask what you will, to the half of
my kingdom !”«-

  “Ask quick, Tony, while the asking’s
good,” adjured her brother Wilton
from the foot of the table.

  “The half of his kingdom’s no great
matter,” gibed Allen’s sister from the
other end.

  “The half of my material kingdom
may not offer anything worthy of
Antonia’s acceptance,” said Allen
promptly, “but when it comes to my
wall and my willingness there is no
limit to the resources I place at her
disposal. What is the favor, Ajito-
nia?”

  “Oh, I wondered if you would mind
going over to Bolton’s Bluff with me
this evening. If you have nothing else
to do. I want to go, and I don’t quite
like to go alone in the evening. I
don’t know the streets very well, and

it isn’t exactly a nice part of town-”

  “You most certainly are not to go

there alone,” interrupted her brother.
“What under the sun do you want to
go to Bolton’s Bluff for, anyway?”
“On account of one of my newsboys
—Abram Makowsky,” Antonia ex-
plained, with a little embarrassment.
Even before her own family she hesi-
tated to refer to the private philanthro-
pies which blossomed under her fin-
gers—generous fingers which were for-
tunately filled with gold. “His uncle
is ill—Abram told me a week ago—the
last time I went down to the Newsboys’
Club. And I said I would go out and
see him soon. I ought to have gone
before this—Abram expected me—but
other things kept coming up.” The
tremulous color came into her cheeks
again. The “other things” of the past
week had mostly involved the enter-
tainment of one Howard Allen.

  “Of course Howard will be delighted
to go with you,” said Mrs. Gardner
briskly. She was a large and com-
petent woman, and she had no idea
that her habit of deciding other people’s
affairs for them might sometimes be
unwelcome.

  But much to her surprise, and not
at all to the credit of his diplomatic
training, Allen looked distinctly em-
barrassed.

  “I am so sorry—this evening-—an im-
portant engagement—I am really so

sorry-”

  “Why, Howard!” cried Mrs. Gard-
ner, with sisterly reproach in her voice.
“What possible engagement can you
have that we don’t know about? Of
course you can go!”

  Allen did not answer her, but turned
to Antonia. “To-morrow evening? Or
any other time? You know I shall be
happy to go with you.”

  “It doesn’t matter at all,” protested
Antonia hastily. “I only meant if it
was perfectly convenient, of course.”
“Mayn^t it be to-morrow evening—
if it is to be an evening call?”

  She shook her head, with a depre-
84

THE cPOcPUL/lcR MAGAZINE

eating smile. "We have theater seats
for to-morrow—but really it doesn’t
matter. I can go some afternoon. I
only thought of the evening so as to
be sure to see Abram—he is away in
the daytime. But really it doesn’t mat-
ter in the least about to-night.”

  So said Antonia; and yet it mattered
just this much, that if they had gone
that evening to see Abram Makowsky’s
uncle, who was ill, this story of the
Terrace Inn Tragedy would never have
been written. So seemingly accidental
are the obstacles that change the cur-
rent of the stream of events !

  But the current of Mrs. Gardner’s
curiosity was not so easily diverted.

  ' What is your important engage-
ment, Howard?” she demanded.

  But Allen had had time to recover
his diplomatic inscrutability.

  “A matter of international politics,
Jessie, dear,” he said gravely. “I re-
gret that I cannot say anything more.
But if I should never return from this
evening’s fateful errand, remember
that my correspondence is to be de-
stroyed, unread, and you, Wilton, are
to have my pearl studs.”

  “Thanks,” said Gardner. “I suppose
in exchange for the provisional studs
—which Jessie would claim for ear-
rings as soon as she was out of mourn-
ing—you would like a present and ac-
tual latchkey.”

  “Thoughtful as ever,” murmured
Allen gratefully.

  “But I don’t see why it is necessary
to be so mysterious about it,” persisted
Mrs. Gardner. “We don’t live in an
age of conspiracies and dark dungeons.
I thought American diplomacy was all
open and aboveboard—what is it, Liz-
zie ?” For the waitress was hovering
at the dining-room door, with some-
thing in her hands.

  “A special-delivery letter for Mr.
Allen—the boy wants him to sign the
book.” She brought it to Allen at the
table.

  Allen scribbled his name, glanced at
the superscription on the envelope, and
laid it face down beside his plate.

  “Don’t hesitate to read your letter,
Howard,” said Mrs. Gardner blandly.

  “Thanks, Jessie, but it isn’t neces-
sary. By means of a sixth sense which
diplomats ,are supposed to cultivate, I
know the contents of the letter by
merely glancing at the envelope. Some-
times, of course, if I am out of prac-
tice, or if the handwriting is especially
difficult, I have to hold it against my
forehead and close my eyes for a mo-
ment. But not in this case.”

  “Of course your long-distance con-
versation with Thaddeus Rantoul this
afternoon had nothing to do with your
powers of divination,” gibed his sister.

  Allen lifted his eyebrows, and then
smiled, with a Well-acted air of sur-
prise and tolerant amusement.

  “What made you think my conversa-
tion was with Mr. Rantoul?” he asked.

  “I happened to answer the phone,
and central said that Breckenridge
wanted you. Then I held the line while
Lizzie was trying to find you, and I
heard some one—I thought it was Mr.
Rantoul—say, ‘Is that you, H. A. ?’
Of course I may have been mistaken,”
she added, with suspicious meekness.

  “Give it up, Howard,” laughed Gard-
ner across the table. “I gave up try-
ing to throw dust in her eyes the first
year we were married. Besides, it is
not a criminal offenge to hold a tele-
phone conversation with old Thad Ran-
toul. You run a risk of having his
hoodoo settled on you, though.”

  “If settling on me would take it off
of him, I’d run the risk cheerfully,”
said Allen. There was a flash in his
eye that gave emphasis to his words.

  “And be a fool for your pains,” said
Gardner coolly. “It’s no joke, having
to fight a hoodoo like Rantoul’s.”

  “Really, what do you mean ?” asked
Antonia curiously. “You talk as
though you believed it.”
THE TERRACE INN T<RAGE<DY

85

  “Well, it really is enough to make
any one superstitious, the run of ill
luck that man has had,” said Mrs.
Gardner. “First, he met with an acci-
dent when he was a young man that
crippled him, so that he has had to
walk with a cane ever since. Then his
bank failed—he was president, and all
the property he had went into the
wreck. Then there was some mining
business that went smash. And other
things, too—everything he has touched
seemed to go wrong. Honestly, How-
ard, I wish you wouldn’t have anything
to do with him.”

  The momentary pause that Allen
made before answering was really de-
voted to keeping the edge of temper
out of his voice. For his years of
diplomatic training had merely disci-
plined his naturally quick temper with-
out eradicating it, and Thaddeus Ran-
toul was the great enthusiasm of his
life. He gave to him something of the
devotion which a boy gives Launcelot or
Bayard, the loyalty which a passionate
royalist pours out for his dethroned
king. It was a romantic idealization
which went far beyond ordinary filial
affection, though there was also some-
thing filial in it. It was really the self-
forgetful devotion of the boy carried
over into manhood.

  “Those facts are all true,” he said
now, “but they tell only half of the
story. He rushed into the accident that
crippled him to save another man’s life
—and he did it. When his bank failed
he gave up every cent he owned to the
depositors. More than that—Jessie and
I lost practically our entire inheritance
in that bank failure, Antonia, and Mr.
Rantoul in effect adopted us and edu-
cated us from that time on.”

  “I haven’t forgotten, Howard; I’m
not ungrateful,” said Mrs. Gardner,
with a flush. “Still—it was through his
fault that we were left penniless.”
“Fault or misfortune, he took the
responsibility. Then in that mining

deal. After giving years of time and
thought and planning to developing a
splendid property, he lost the whole
thing through no fault of his own, but
through some technical flaw in the title
that his lawyers should have discov-
ered in the beginning. As usual, he
had to stand the racket, no matter who
was at fault.”

  “He must have been born under an
unlucky star,” said Antonia. “If you
are born under an unlucky star, you
just can’t help yourself, you know.
Everything you touch turns to ashes.
What is Mr. Rantoul doing now?”

  Allen did not answer, but Gardner
did: “There is a ghoulish gleam in
your eye, Tony. You know you are
anxious to hear what further misfor-
tune is threatening the poor man.”

  “Well—just to make the story com-
plete.”

  “I’m afraid you are going to be grat-
ified. It looks as though Rantoul were
in for a whole peck of trouble. After
that mining-deal’ fiasco he took to rail-
roading. He was made president of
the S. & C. Road—an old road that
was started long ago, when the State
was young and needed railroads and
was willing to give big concessions to
get them. The S. & C. had been badly
managed for years, and was hardly
earning expenses. Rantoul worked the
thing up, made some connections with
other roads in the north, and altogether
made the property valuable. And now,
after he has put in time and energy
and brains, and is just on the point of
getting something back, somebody has
discovered that the old road didn’t live
up to the conditions of the franchise.
I haven’t followed the matter in de-
tail, but if the newspaper reports are
correct it means that the entire prop-
erty of the road would be wiped out
to satisfy the claims of the State.”

  “And will it be?”

  “Well, the matter is now before the
legislature. Senator Gordon has been
86

THE VOVULAtR MAGAZINE

particularly active about the investiga-
tion. He is making political capital
out of it, of course. But there are a
lot of people who have a grudge to
satisfy against the old S. & C., and this
gives them a chance. People in gen-
eral have an idea that railroads just
coin money, and that if you can beat
a road in any way, you are merely get-
ting even.”

  “What sort of a man is Gordon?”
asked Allen thoughtfully.

  “Ask Tony,” said Gardner, with sus-
picious seriousness.

  “Nonsense!” protested Antonia, lift-
ing startled and reproachful eyes to
her brother. “I never saw him more
than once in my life.”

  “You made good use of that once,
Touykins.”

  But Mrs. Gardner came to Antonia's
support. “Don’t be absurd, Wilton.
You make Tonia uncomfortable. Sen-
ator Gordon was here once, Howard,
at a large reception. He may be a
wizard in politics, but socially he is a
dumb, driven beast, and if Tonia hadn’t
taken pity on him and talked to him
I don’t know what would have become
of him. He’s a farmer, isn’t he, Wil-
ton, when he isn’t legislating ?”

  “Yes, he owns a large farm up near
Daltonville, but don’t make the mis-
take of thinking there are hayseeds in
his hair.”

  “I liked him,” said Antonia shyly.
“He seemed so anxious to make him-
self pleasant.”

  “That isn’t exactly the reputation
that he has at large. To answer your
question further, Howard, he is a man
of the people, a farmer, as Jessie says,
but for all that one of the keenest,
shrewdest, hardest of practical politi-
cians.”

  “Honorable ?”

  “Nothing has ever come out to the
contrary.”

  Allen looked up with a smile. “Is
that just natural cynicism, or do you

think that Gordon—might have his
price?”

  “They say that everybody has his
price!”

  Allen lapsed into an abstracted
silence which lasted until dinner was
finished.

  Mrs. Gardner rose. “Does your im-
portant engagement take you away im-
mediately, Howard, or are we to have
the pleasure of your company in the
drawing-room first? What is it, Liz-
zie ?”

  The maid at her elbow murmured an
inaudible message.

  “In the library? Good gracious, why
didn’t you let me know ? Howard,
Miss Ellerson is here to interview you
—Miss Ellerson, of the Noon. That’s
what comes of being a celebrity.”

  “But I don’t want to be interviewed.”

  “Nonsense! You aren’t enough of a
celebrity to take that pose. It’s money
in your pocket to have your name in
the papers early and often. So be
sweet to Miss Ellerson—she’s as clever
as they make them, and it will pay
you to be in her good graces. Come
on, I’ll introduce you.” And she
slipped her hand in her brother’s arm
and led him to the library, where Miss
Ellerson, of the Noon, had been asked
to wait.

  Whatever Allen came to think of
Clio Ellerson in after days—and his
thoughts on the subject of that young
woman were many and various—it may
be said at once that this introduction
did not prepossess him in her favor.
In the first place, his sense of per-
sonal dignity was affronted by the
strenuous methods of American news-
papers; furthermore, he wanted just at
this time to keep out of the public eye
as much as possible, for reasons con-
nected with that interview with Ran-
toul which he had not discussed with
his family, and even so faint a spot-
light as could be cast by the Noon was
THE TE<R<R/1CE INN T<RAGE<DY

87

annoying. And, finally, he didn’t care
for clever women. Like most young
men, he considered that the womanly
woman was one made to love and be
loved—like Antonia, for example. He
therefore bowed somewhat stiffly to the
young woman, trimly tailor-made and
self-possessed, to whom his sister pre-
sented him. Then he looked up and
met her eyes, in which a start of sur-
prise melted into an amused smile.

  “So it’s you!” she said demurely.

  “So you are Miss Ellerson!” he re-
torted. But there was no gleam of
amusement in his face.

  Mrs. Gardner looked from one to
the other in some perplexity. “I gather
that you have met before,” she said.

  “Not met, exactly,” said Allen, re-
covering his self-possession. “Miss
Ellerson stood by and watched me make
a most undignified entry through Mr.
Rantoul’s kitchen window the other
day. Did you take me for a burglar,
Miss Ellerson?”

  She laughed delightfully. “No, I
took you for a rival and more suc-
cessful interviewer. I had been unable
to effect an entrance myself—the door
was barred. You cannot imagine how
I envied you when I saw you climbing
in through the window.”

  Allen forced a smile, but it took an
effort. He was still young enough to
hate being laughed at above all things
on earth.

  “Howard would probably rather be
taken for a burglar than a reporter,”
said Mrs. Gardner, with the large in-
difference to the delicacies of tact
which is frequently found in efficient
women. “He pretends to hate news-
paper publicity. But if you make him
appear clever in your interview, he will
like it. Do your best for him, Miss
Ellerson.” She nodded smilingly, and
left the room.

  There was a hint of mischief behind
Miss Ellerson’s demure smile. She

looked up at Mr. Allen with guileless
earnestness.

  “What are your impressions of
America, Mr. Allen?”

  “You don’t really want me to answer
such a—such a question, do you ?”
Allen asked, struggling to keep his an-
noyance out of his voice.

  “Not unless you like. As you say,

it is a fool question—-”

  “Pardon me, I didn’t say that.”
“Perhaps you didn’t. But you think
so—vehemently. However, I’ll ask
something else. Can you tell me what
attitude Mr. Rantoul is going to take
in regard to this legislative investiga-
tion ?”

  Allen’s diplomatic mask was on in
an instant. “I beg pardon?”

  “Is he going to fight, or defy it, or
ignore it, or come across?”

  “I am so entirely ignorant regarding

the subject-”

  Miss Ellerson waited, but he seemed
to think the sentence completed.

  “I’ve tried and tried to see him,” she
said wistfully, “but he won’t say a word
to me. Saturday, when I saw you get
in through the window, I was tempted
to follow, but I thought perhaps I’d
better wait and interview you instead.
It seemed possible that he might have
discussed the situation with you.”

  On ordinary occasions Allen’s eyes
were recognizably blue, but they seemed
to have turned blank and black as they
met hers.

  “And did it also seem possible that
I might repeat to you his remarks, as-
suming that he made any?”

  “In the newspaper business,” said
Miss Ellerson calmly, “we are not sup-
posed to recognize impossibilities, even
when we see them. We are expected
to get the story.”

  “Even if it is none of your—of the
public’s business?”

  Miss Ellerson did not flush at his
words. She looked at him with quiet
88

THE cPOcPULJl<R MAGAZINE

 earnestness. He had a swift percep-
 tion that now he saw her real spirit.

   “Publicity is like sunshine, Mr. Allen
 —it is antiseptic. Evil things cannot
 live under its rays. It may sometimes
 annoy our sensibilities, but it can do
 no" real harm, and from that point of
 view there is no private business which
 is not in some degree the public’s busi-
 ness. Certainly the public has a
 right to know the truth about the
 S. & C. Road and about Mr. RantouFs
 methods and Senator Gordon’s motives.
 Nothing flourishes in the dark except
 —fungus.”

   “Then the newspapers do not merely
 .furnish gossip in print?” he asked,
 drawing her on to express herself. In
 spite of himself he was interested—less
 in her views perhaps than in herself.

   . She shrugged her shoulders lightly.
 “They may think they are merely fur-
 nishing gossip, and the readers may
 think they are merely reading gossip,
 but—God works in a mysterious way
 His wonders to perform. The bad man
 knows that this gossip might land him
 in prison. Business ‘secrets’ are out
 of date., Mr. Allen, and mysteries are
 always open to suspicion.”

   “You will be justifying detective
 agencies next—and eavesdropping—
 and the opening of private letters.”
 His smiling mockery teased her.

   “I have great confidence in sunshine,”
 said Miss Ellerson simply. “You see,
 Mr. Allen, a good deal of curiosity has
 developed in regard to this Gordon in-
 vestigation of the S. & C. just because
 Mr. Rantoul has been so persistently
 silent about his position. It has been
 suggested that he has a trump up his
 sleeve which he is going to spring at
 the last moment. It isn’t like him,
 you know7, just to lie down and give
 up,”

   “No, it certainly isn’t.”

   “That’s why I have tried to get a
 chance to talk to him about it. He
 won’t see any one from the press.

Now—if I could give an authorized
statement from a personal friend of his
—one who had a confidential chat with
him no later than last Saturday—it
would be read with great interest—and
would probably do his side of the case
no harm.”

  Allen smiled, but shook his head. “I
see your position, Miss Ellerson. As
you say, you believe in sunshine. But
you may have heard the proverb to the
effect that it is difficult to extract sun-
shine from cucumbers. In this instance
I am a cucumber.”

  She smiled in answer, and rose. “As
you will. But it is only fair to warn
you that I am going to try to extract
it from Gordon.”

  “When ?” He looked startled.

  She watched him curiously. “At the
first opportunely” she said slowly, and
noted the look of relief that uncon-
sciously relaxed his features. “So you
will not even give me your opinion of
America ?”

  “May I give you instead my opinion
of American newspaper women ?”
“Some time—when your acquaint-
ance is more extended,” she said com-
posedly. “Good evening, Mr. Allen.”
Her manner was slightly but percepti-
bly defensive, and Allen realized un-
comfortably that his carelessly spoken
words might not have seemed to her
the compliment he had intended. Could
she possibly have supposed that he
meant to criticize her? He escorted
her ceremoniously to the door, but his
diplomatic calm was not a little ruffled.

  It would have been more ruffled if
by any possibility of telepathy he could
have read Miss Ellerson’s thought as
she paused at the street corner. Not
that she was thinking about him. Mr.
Howard Allen had gone completely out
of her mind. But she was thinking in-
tently as she stood there-

  “Now what car line will take me
nearest to the Terrace Inn?”

  Allen sought his sister. “Who is
THE TE<R<RACE INN TRAGEDY

89

Miss Ellerson, Jessie? Friend of
yours ?”

  “Why, old Judge Ellerson’s daugh-
ter. They used to live in our street
when we were children—surely you re-
member him?”

  “Oh, of course! I thought the name
was familiar. I remember the girl, too
—a. wild little thing, with hair flying in
the wind. We ran a race once on the
playground, and she beat me—I tripped
and fell, and she went past me like a
flash. That rankled. Some sort of a

classic name-”

  “Clio.”

  “Of course. Why under the sun is
a nice girl like that doing reporting?”
“Well, she had to earn her living
when the judge died. What would you
have had her do, you medieval man?
Marry ?”

  “That wouldn’t be difficult in her
case, I fancy. But anything rather
than reporting—horrid, prying busi-
ness !”

  “Did she try to pry into your af-
fairs?” asked Mrs. Gardner, surprised
and a little resentful.

  “Oh, no, of course not,” he answered
hastily. “I was just speaking on gen-
eral principles.”

  “Clio is clever, and I understand she
is doing very good work. But I haven’t
seen much of her since her mother
died. Now come into the drawing-
room ; Antonia is going to sing. You
will love her voice.”

  Allen’s face brightened, but it fell
again as he glanced hastily at his watch.

  “Sorry, but I can’t wait. Some other
time, I hope—and soon.”

  “Oh, I forgot your mysterious en-
gagement. When shall we see you
again ?”

  “I can’t say when I’ll be in, but not
late. It’s nothing but a business en-
gagement, Jessie, so don’t go making
a mystery about it. Mysteries are al-
ways open to suspicion—as some one
has said.”

  “Oh, I’m not going to be horrid and
prying, like a newspaper woman, bless
you. He shall have his little mysteries,
if he wants them. Good-by. Don’t get
into any trouble Howie.”

  “I won't,” he promised easily.

  On the street corner, he paused a
moment to look about.

  “Now I wonder what car line will
take me nearest to the Terrace Inn,”
he cogitated.

CHAPTER II.

  Allen may not have realized it, but
part of his reluctance to have the
guesses of his family so much as touch
the edge of his errand that evening
arose from his distaste for the errand
itself. He paused under a street lamp
to light a cigar, and walked on slowly,
reviewing the situation in his mind.

  Flis five years of absence in foreign
lands had brought him home with all
his sensibilities quivering with home
affection. He was to make an extended
visit with his sister in Arlington, but
on the second day he had hurried off
to look up Thaddeus Rantoul, who had
gone off to his summer home at near-by
Breckenridge. He was shocked to find
Rantoul’s hair much whiter than he
remembered it, and still more disturbed
to find that the accumulating troubles
which Gardner had retold at the din-
ner table this evening had worn upon
the nerve of the old fighter. He was
still leonine, still magnificent, as he had
been when he caught and held the de-
voted admiration of the boy Howard,
but he was no longer triumphant over
his evil destiny. He was fretted,
harassed, resentful. He had leaned
heavily upon Allen’s sympathy, retail-
ing the outrageous onslaughts of for-
tune with more vehemence than co-
herence. Allen had listened with keen
interest and answering indignation, and
had asked if there was no way in which
he could be of service.

  “Not unless you will sandbag Sen-
90

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

ator Gordon/' Rantoul answered, with
a flash of his old manner.

  “Would the investigation be dropped
if he were disposed of?” Allen had
asked.

  “I think so. I have strong friends
in the house. And everybody knows
that even if the management of the
S. & C. was as crooked as a worm
fence in its early days, its sins are
dead and should be decently buried.
The road itself would have been dead
if it hadn’t been for my work these
four years past. I have made it worth
investigating and penalizing, the devil
take him \”

  “Has the situation been laid before
him ?”

  “Oh, he’s a reformer, bless your
soul! One of these reformers who go
around with a brass band and a press
agent. But I’ll bet any balance that
may be left me after they have con-
fiscated the S. & C. that if somebody
investigated him they wouldn’t have to
go very far to find something worth
looking into.”

  Allen felt helpless. He was aware
of his own ignorance in regard to a
hundred aspects of the situation which
might be vital. But most keenly of all
he felt that this splendid old fighter
was caught in an exasperating snare,
and that it was pitiful. He urged his
own willingness to do anything within
the range of possibility and of his
powers, and there the matter was left.
But a few days later, Rantoul called
him up by phone and demanded his
immediate presence at Breckenridge.
‘‘I’m laid up with a broken leg,” he an-
nounced in tones of tragfc calm.

  “Really?” demanded Allen, not from
any doubt of Mr. Rantoul’s veracity,
but merely as an expression of surprise.

  “Well, I’ve sprained my ankle, if you
are so infernally particular about the
exact details. But since I can’t get
about, it might as well be broken and
be damned to it. Gome on out. I’ve

got to talk to you, and I can’t express
myself properly without running the
risk of having the company remove my
telephone. You get the next car out
without fail.” And he rang off, to save
argument.

  This was on a Saturday. Allen had
obeyed instructions and caught the next
suburban electric for Breckenridge.

  Breckenridge was a summer colony
on the high banks of a lake some dozen
miles from Arlington, and here Ran-
toul lived the simple life in his cot-
tage, The Ridge, which was cared for
by a woman of the neighborhood who
came in “by the day.” It was all right
when the tough old man was in his
usual form, but if he was laid up with
a sprained ankle it would be tedious
enough, Allen reflected. He should
have to insist that Rantoul get a proper
nurse, or that he return to his hotel
apartment in town, where he could have
proper care.

  The door of the screened porch,
which formed nearly half of the house,
was locked—contrary to custom. As
Allen shook it, Rantoul’s deep voice
boomed out from some interior:

  “That you, Howie?”

  “Yes. I’m locked out.”

  “Climb in through the kitchen win-
dow, and come out to the front porch.
I can’t get up to let you in.”

  Allen followed directions, though
with some inward protest. To remove
a screen from a kitchen window and
climb in across a table covered with
pans and dishes is not particularly dif-
ficult for an athletic young man, but
neither is it a particularly dignified pro-
cedure, and Allen was young enough
to have a lively sense of what was be-
coming to a man who might, on occa-
sion, be called upon to represent his
country to the world. He managed,
however, to effect an entrance—and
then he saw outside a trim young
woman who had evidently been watch-
ing his efforts With wide-eyed interest.
THE TE<R<RACE INN T<RAGE<DY

91

  Allen swore to himself as he dodged
out of range of her vision and went
in search of the front porch. Here he
found Rantoul, with a stiffly swathed
leg stretched out on a chair.

  “You don’t encourage visitors,” was
Allen’s greeting.

  “There’s been a confounded woman
reporter here from the Noon. Nothing
saved me but having the door locked.
Think of her nerve, when I came out
here especially to get out of their reach,
spies and tattlers that they are! Well,
Howie, here’s a pretty kettle of fish!”
He moved his foot to see how much
it would hurt, and then swore pictur-
esquely at the pain.

  “Have you had it properly looked
after?” Allen asked.

  “Oh, that’s all right. There’s a doc-
tor summering right next door. But
the dickens of it is that I can’t put
my foot to the floor for several days.”
“No, I should suppose not. But you
can’t stay alone.”

  “Oh, heavens, Howie, don’t worry
me about unimportant things like that.
That’s the doctor’s business. He is
going to bring some one out from
Arlington to-night. A wet nurse, I
suppose! That’s why I had to see you
at once, before the eavesdropper got
here. See here, Howie, you said the
other day you wanted to do something
to help me. Was that lip service or did
you mean it ?”

  “I meant it, of course.”

  “How far would you go?”

  “Any distance.”

  Rantoul smiled in content. “Good
boy! I knew I could bank on you. I
knew you wouldn’t quibble. However,
I’m not going to ask you to shoot Gor-
don, or do anything else that your
honor would not sanction—or, perhaps,
I’d better say my honor, since I don’t
know what delicate lines yours might
draw.” He stared at Allen a minute, as
though perplexed by a momentary
doubt

  Allen was a little surprised, but he
made no comment, and Rantoul spoke
again abruptly:

  “I want to send you as my repre-
sentative to Gordon.”

  “Why, most certainly-”

  Rantoul held up a checking finger.
“It isn’t so simple as all that. This is
an absolutely secret mission. You must
mention it to no one, now or at any
time in the future. You must lie about
it, if you are not clever enough to keep
from being pushed into a corner. You
must not leave room for a guess or a
surmise.”

  “It sounds very mysterious.”

  “Not mysterious, but secret. Secret
as the devil. So secret that you aren’t
going to know anything about the mat-
ter yourself.”

  “Then how can I act intelligently?”
“You will follow orders. I shall give
you a letter, in a plain envelope, sealed,
which you will place in Gordon’s hands.
When he has read it, he will indicate
whether he regards my proposition fa-
vorably or not. If he does, you will
give him a second letter, which will
also be sealed in a plain envelope, but
marked ‘2’ for your guidance. If his
position is unfavorable, you will come
away, and bring' No. 2 back to me.
And then you will forget the whole
thing. It happened while you were in
a trance.”

  “It sounds fairly simple,” Allen com-
mented.

  Rantoul groaned. “It would have
been simple enough if I hadn’t got my-
self laid up like this. I was coming
back from Brookfield when I slipped,

getting off the train-”

  Allen reflected that Brookfield was
the capital, where the legislature was
even now in session, and drew his own
conclusions.

  “Til telephone you when and where
to discharge your errand after I have
arranged the details. Don’t come out
here again,”
92

THE <PO<PULZ1<R MAGAZINE

  “And the letters ?” asked Allen.

  ‘‘Those I shall send to you by regis-
tered mail, with full directions/’

  So the matter had been left at that
time. Allen could hardly doubt, in his
own mind, that he had committed him-
self to assisting in some sort of bribery
or threat by which Gordon was to be
influenced. He did not like the idea,
but neither did he like the idea of fail-
ing the old man who relied upon him.
That alternative was not to be contem-
plated. Nor was any other course open.
His opinion was not wanted, his judg-
ment was not consulted. He was sim-
ply asked to do something—one small
thing—for the man who had done much
for him and who stood alone facing a
narrowing circle of foes. Of course he
would do it.

  But he liked it still less when a tele-
phone message from Rantoul gave him
his final instructions. He was to go
that evening to the Terrace £nn in
Arlington and ask for J. W. McGrath.
He would be shown to McGrath’s room,
and he was to deliver the letter, which
would be delivered to him by registered
mail that afternoon, to the man whom
he would meet in the room.

  “Is McGrath himself ?” asked Allen.

  “You couldn’t tell them apart,” said
Rantoul over the wire.

  So there was secrecy on Gordon’s
part as well! Allen felt that he was
getting into a coil, but he asked no
further questions. He had undertaken
to do RantouFs errand, and the less he
knew about things beyond the immedi-
ate line of his engagement, the better
probably. Common sense told him that
where so much secrecy was necessary
there was good reason for a profound
lack of curiosity on his part.

  The registered packet which had been
delivered to him during dinner con-
tained the two letters from Rantoul.
One was a long envelope, marked
No. 2. He had placed both of them

in his coat pocket, from which he had
removed everything else, so that he
could get at them readily. Now, as he
walked down the street smoking his
cigar, a grim idea came into his mind:
Suppose he should be run over by an
automobile, or shot up by a lurking
highwayman, and those letters be
opened by the police to discover his
identity. Accidents did happen in this
world.

  A street car took him to the neigh-
borhood of the Terrace Inn, which he
had previously taken the precaution to
look up in the city directory. The inn
lay in a midway region between the
business and the older residence part of
the town. It was an attractive build-
ing, in old English style, obviously
catering more to permanent boarders
than to transients. It took its name
from a green and graduated terrace
at the rear, which ran down the block
to the street below, on which were rail-
way tracks. Allen, taking in the loca-
tion with interest and curiosity, guessed
correctly that the inn might be easily
reached by passengers who alighted at
the cross street, instead of going on to
the Union station, and who could
therefore readily make a visit to Arling-
ton without forcing that fact upon the
attention of the public. This way sta-
tion, within the city limits, was a sort
of back door to the town.

  Just in front of the Terrace Inn,
which occupied a corner position in the
block, there was a small, triangular
park, filled with shade trees and park
benches, and dimly lit by a solitary
electric light. Allen noticed a young
woman seated on one of the benches,
and he was sufficiently uncomfortable
about his errand to wish she were not
there to observe him. He was not suffi-
ciently familiar with Miss Ellerton’s
silhouette to recognize her in that light.

  The entrance to the inn opened upon
a wide hall, not at all brilliantly lighted.
On the left was a small office, where
THE TEtRCRJlCE INN TCR/JGEVY

93

a clerk was talking idly to a young man
who lounged against the cigar stand.

  “Can you tell me if Mr. McGrath
is in—J. W. McGrath?” Allen asked,
making his tone as casual as possible.

  “I’ll see.” The clerk crossed over
to the other desk, and examined a wall
register. “Yes, he is stopping here.
Send up your card?”

  “No, he is expecting me. I’ll go up.”
The clerk touched a buzzer, and a
boy in modest livery appeared from
some outer region.

  “Take gent’mun to No. 83,” the clerk
said severely, and returned to his in-
terrupted conversation with the young
man who wore his hat on the back of
his head.

 Room No. 83 was on the second
floor. The door at which the boy
stopped looked exactly like the doors
to right and left of it, except that it
stood slightly ajar. When the boy’s
tap was not answered, he pushed the
door open experimentally. The room
was empty.

  “Guess he’s gone out,” said the boy
cheerfully, “D’ye wantta w7ait?”

  As Allen had come there for the
express purpose of seeing McGrath, he
had no intention of taking any chances.
The door ajar suggested that the occu-
pant of the room could not be far away.

  “I’ll wait,” he said briefly, and
stepped inside. The door automatically
closed behind him. The boy’s dimin-
ishing whistle marked his departure.

  Allen glanced about the room. It
was the ordinary, impersonal room pro-
vided for transients—furnished with a
bed, a dresser, table, and two chairs.
A man’s straw hat on the dresser, and
the rumpled towels in the adjoining
bathroom, the door to which stood open,
were the only indications that the room
had been recently occupied. Allen
glanced at his watch. His appointment
had been for nine. It still lacked ten
minutes of the hour. He took a chair
and settled himself to wait.

  Some time had elapsed—more than
ten minutes—when Allen was roused
out of the semireverie into which he
had fallen by the sound of voices in
the hall outside the door. The voices
were not loud, but they were clearly
angry. With the bristling of interest
with which man recognizes a fight,
Allen sat up alertly and listened. He
could distinguish nothing except that
two men were talking at the same time.
Then there was the sound of a scuffle,
immediately followed by two shots
from a revolver. Forgetting all reason
for keeping himself inconspicuous,
Allen sprang for the door. He could
not open it at once—it seemed to be
held from the outside. Then he
wrenched it open, and a man fell in
upon his arms—a man whose limp hand
seemed to have just fallen from the
knob.

  Allen let him down upon the floor,
and knelt beside him. It took but an
instant’s examination for Allen to sat-
isfy himself that the man was done
for. He had been shot through the
temple, and might almost be said to
have died instantly. As Allen rose
from his knees, he suddenly realized
how this affair must affect him. A
murdered man in the room with him—
it would mean publicity, investigation,
possibly arrest and search—and he had
Rantoul’s letters to Gordon in his
pocket! A sudden question that came
into his mind made him glance sharply
again at the dead man. No, this could
by no possibility be Gordon; this w as
a young man. It must have, been
merely chance that had sent him to this
door. But it was a chance in which
Allen could not afford to be entangled.
He stepped out into the hall.

  The elevator that had brought him
up was at the right. He could hear
it ascending now, and guessed swiftly
that some one was coming up from the
office to investigate the disturbance.
To avoid being seen, he turned hastily
94

THE <PO<PULA<11 MAGAZINE

to the left, where the hall ended in a
stairway. A door slammed below, and
some one came up the first flight on
the jump. Allen swiftly and quietly
took the second flight, leading him to
the story above. He would walk the
length of the hall, descerid by the front
stairway, and slip out while attention
was centered on the tragedy on the
second floor. Nothing whatsoever
would be gained by staying; much
would be risked. Yet his action had
been directed rather by instinct than by
reason. He had not had time to reason.

  All might have gone as he intended
but for the fact that as he hesitated a
moment at the head of the stairs, lis-
tening for any sound that would in-
dicate what was going on below, a
portiere was snapped aside, and a
woman faced him—a young woman,
with the same, intent, listening look
on her face that was on Allen’s. Her
eyes arrested him as though she had
spoken, and in an instant she did speak.

  “Come in here!” she said authorita-
tively, holding aside the portiere that
masked the entrance to what was evi-
dently a private suite.

  “I beg pardon-”

  Her fingers closed upon his wrist
with a nervous grip. “You want to
get out without being seen. Very well,
I’ll help you, but you must do as I
say. If you don’t, I’ll give the alarm
and say I found you skulking in my
room.”

 “Madam—”

  “Oh, good heavens, don’t be a fool!
Go inside!” She fairly pulled him in.
From the little anteroom, which was
masked by the portiere, a door opened
upon a room where a table was spread
for two. The chairs wrere drawn back
as though the diners had but sprung up.

  “Listen—and answer!” the woman
said tensely. “You want to get out
of the hotel—quietly; isn’t that it?”

  “Yes.”

  “So do I. Wait a few minutes, and

we will go together. You can’t go
alone—because I will not let you.”

  Allen was no more inclined than the
average man to yield under coercion,
but she rather had him in a trap. He
distinctly did want to get away quietly,
and it was in her power to prevent it
if she wished to. What her motives
or object might be he could form no
guess. Undoubtedly it had something
to do with the crime below, but so long
as she was not the murderess—and that
her attitude made fairly certain—he
would not be compounding a felony by
accompanying her from the house.
And if she was known in the hotel, her
company might be as useful to him
as his could be to her. She evidently
saw his yielding in his face, for she
placed her hand on the back of one of
the chairs and swung it around to the
table.

  “Sit down here!” she said.

  He took the chair at the table. For
a moment she stood beside him, still
with that intent look of listening upon
her face, then hastily she took the seat
opposite him, and facing the door,
which was at his back. Almost at the
instant there was a tap at the door.

  “Come!” the woman called clearly,
and a half-grown boy, evidently a din-
ing-room waiter, entered with a pot of
coffce on a tray.

  “You are very slow, Jim,” the woman
said sharply. “You have kept us wait-
ing half an hour. Look at my watch—
half past nine to the minute, and I tel-
ephoned for that coffee at nine. What’s
the matter in the dining room ? I shall
complain to the office.” She had risen
as she spoke, and she took the pot
from the boy’s hands behind Allen’s
back.

  “I came soon's I could,” the boy mut-
tered.

  “What was that disturbance about
downstairs, Jim?” she asked, with an
abrupt change from severity to curi-
osity.
THE TE<R?RACE INN T<RAGE<DY

95

  “When?” Jim asked, with surprised
interest.

 “Just now—a minute before you
came in.”

  “I didn’t hear anything,” the boy re-
sponded dubiously.

  “I wish you would go down and see
what it was,” she urged. “Then come
back and let me know.”

  “All right.” Jim was used to carry-
ing out the erratic commands of femi-
nine guests without question. He
turned to depart, and the lady went
with him into the hall.

  “Mr. Hunt is laughing at me for be-
ing frightened,” she said in an under-
tone, “but I am sure I heard shots.”
And then she paused at the top of the
stairs, while Jim threw himself down
in half a dozen jumps.

  In a few minutes he returned, a very
different expression on his careless
face.

  “Yes’m, there was shooting, sure
enough. They say a man was killed,
but I can’t find out much about it yet.
I’ll come back and let you know more.”

  “Has the—have they-—do you know
who did it?”

  “No’m; nobody knows. They say it
was a man that ran out through the
hall.”

  She drew a quick breath, and her
hand went up to her throat. ,But her
voice was less strained when she spoke
again :

 “How dreadful! Do let me know
if you find out anything more, Jim.
And when you go down will you order
a carriage for me? Mr. Hunt has to
catch the ten o’clock train. Order it
at once, and tell them to send it to
the side door. And when it comes,
you telephone up to me, will you?”
She held a coin out suggestively be-
tween thumb and finger.

  “Yes’m, Mrs. Hunt, I’ll ’tend to it
right off.” And Jim dropped down-
stairs to his own department, where
Mrs. Hunt’s orders were carried out

with care. Jim knew where his in-
terest lay.

  In the meantime, Mrs. Hunt re-
turned to the apartment, where she had
left Allen sitting at the deserted sup-
per table. He still sat there, with his
back to the door. She dropped into
the chair opposite, rested her chin in
her cupped palm, and looked at him.
Suddenly a smile broke the tense lines
of her face.

  “It was fortunate you stumbled up
here,” she said

  A swift wonder of “Fortunate for
whom?” went through Allen’s mind,
but he did not put it into speech. He
had a feeling that the less he knew
about the situation the better.

  “I have ordered a carriage; it will
be here immediately,” she continued.
“It will take us to the railway station,
where I shall leave you.”

 “How-”

  “We will take the carriage at the
side door, which is used only by guests
who live here. You are a guest of
mine; you have been dining with me.”
Allen bowed. He guessed, of course,
that he was to personate some man
who had been dining with her, and
whose informal departure he was to
cover. The position did not please him,
but he was not an officer of the law,
and it was not necessary that he should
cultivate suspicion. What was neces-
sary was that he should get away with-
out attracting attention. Unconsciously
his hand went to his breast pocket,
where Gordon’s letters were, and he
drew them out enough to assure him-
self they were both there. He was
suddenly nervous about them. The
young woman opposite was watching
him under her eyelids, but she said
nothing until the telephone tinkled.

  “All right,” she said. And to Allen
she added: “The carriage.” She
picked up a light wrap, threw a lace
scarf over her head, and opened the
96

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

door to the hall. Here she paused a
moment, making sure no one was pass-
ing. , Then she nodded to Allen, and
they went quickly down the stairway,
which circled about the elevator. Evi-
dently the stairway was little used, for
they met no one, and at the foot the
young woman placed her hand on his
arm and led him quickly and silently
through an inconspicuous passageway,
to an exit upon a side street. Here
Jim was waiting by the door.

  “Put on your hat!” the young woman
whispered swiftly, and while she held
Jim’s eyes w'ith the gleam of a coin
between her thumb and finger, Allen
slipped past her and into the waiting
carriage. In a moment she followed.

  “To the station!” Jim said, with
proud authority.

  On the way to the station both were
silent. Wondering whether he would
know his companion if he should see
her again, Allen turned his head to
look at her as she sat beside him. She
was a slight, dark woman, in the neigh-
borhood, he guessed, of twenty-five,
and as the street lamps flashed their
light now and again upon her face he
saw it as a concentrated knot of de-
termination. He could hardly fix her
features, that look of intense concen-
tration so covered them. He was not
a little startled, therefore, when pres-
ently she put up her hands and began
to sob. Silently at first the gasping
breaths shook her slight form, and then
she began to wail softly.

  “I'm awfully sorry,” Allen said awk-
wardly. “Is there anything I can do?”

  “Oh, why was I ever born ?” she
wailed, and threw herself upon his
breast. She did it so impersonally that
Allen was not embarrassed, though he
was surprised. He felt that she had
merely sought the nearest support when
emotion overcame her, and that it
should at last have broken down her
wonderful self-control was not surpris-
ing, if, as he suspected, the friend who

had dined with her had shot the man
who lay dead in Room No. 83.

  “Is there, anything you want me to
do ?” he asked gravel}'. The carriage
had stopped, and Allen perceived that
they were at the station entrance. “If
there is, tell me quickly.” He spoke
with a little annoyance, for a waiting
porter had thrown the carriage door
open, and the light of the street lamp
revealed both to him and the driver
what must have seemed like a very
tender and intimate tableau.

  “No, no, no; I don’t want to be fool-
ish. Of course you must go,” she said.
And then, to his amazement, she lifted
her arms, clasped them about his neck,
and kissed him.

  He disengaged her quickly, though
gently. “This is carrying realism to
the limit—my compliments,” he said in
a tender undertone. Then, raising his
hat and holding it so as to shield his
face, he deliberately kissed her upon
the lips, and stepped from the carriage.
Tossing a coin to the porter, he hur-
ried into the station. He walked
through it quickly, looking about as
though searching for some one, and
then went out through another door.
Here he made his way to a street car.

  In the friendly shadow that envel-
oped the rear platform he hastily re-
viewed the astonishing events of the
evening. It was not yet three hours since
he had left home, knowing, indeed, that
he was engaged in a mission whose very
secrecy made it seem dubious, but ex-
pecting merely to act the part of a faith-
ful errand boy. He had been next door
to a murder; he had been dangerously
close to unpleasant and risky publicity;
he had had an amazing encounter with
a remarkable woman. He had missed
the appointment w'ith Senator Gordon
—or McGrath—but at any rate he still
had the sealed letters, for the preserva-
tion of which he had acted so disin-
genuous a part. His hand went to the
pocket where he had placed them—and.
THE TE<R<RJ3CB INN TCRMGECDY

97

fell away as though it had been para-
lyzed.

  The pocket was empty—the letters
were gone.

CHAPTER III.

  Allen’s dismay on discovering that
the letters which Rantoul had intrusted
to him were gone was so overwhelming
that for a time it simply blotted every-
thing else out of his consciousness. He,
out of all the harassed old man’s
friends, had been chosen for this mis-
sion because of his special trustwor-
thiness, and he had bungled matters
like the veriest tyro. Of course he must
get the letters back. He would go to
the Terrace Inn the first thing in the
morning, and confront that amazing
woman and demand his property. What
her object could have been in robbing
him he could not guess. She could
hardly have known w'hat the letters
were. Perhaps she was just a common
pickpocket, taking a chance. Perhaps
she would be gone, like her suppositi-
tious husband, by the time he could get
there. Pie tossed restlessly through the
night, and was up as soon as daylight
gave him an excuse. He saw the morn-
ing newsboy toss a twisted paper into
Mrs. Gardner’s nasturtium bed, and he
went down for a first glimpse. The pa-
per would have something about the
tragedy, probably.

 It did. The front page held this
item:

MAN MURDERED IN THE TERRACE
INN.

  A mysterious murder was committed last
night in the Terrace Inn, a quiet family hotel
on Elliott Street. The victim was J. W.
McGrath, address unknown.

  McGrath registered at the hotel yesterday
afternoon, paying in advance. He went out
almost immediately, telling the clerk that he
would return in the evening. A little be-
fore nine o’clock a man called to see him,
and was conducted by the bell boy to Mc-
Grath’s room. McGrath was not in, but as
the door was ajar the visitor said he would
wait, and the boy left him in the vacant room.

C7A

About half an hour later the clerk was
startled by hearing shots on the floor above,
and rushed up. McGrath was found on the
floor in his room, dead from a shot through
the temple.

  The mysterious visitor who called on Mc-
Grath had disappeared. A waiter from the
dining room was near the back stairway,
and he claims that he saw a man rush past
him and go out through the rear door. His
testimony is expected to prove valuable.

  McGrath was apparently about twenty-five
years old, and had dark hair and eyes. One
peculiar feature of the case is that there was
nothing in his pockets to identify him, and
in registering he gave no address. He wore
a new suit of ready-made clothing, and his
underwear was new throughout. The only
article in his pockets was a handkerchief,
which has never been laundered. The man
who shot him must have also robbed him.

  The police have a good description of the
man who called fqr McGrath in the even-
ing, and are working on the clew. Develop-
ments are expected shortly.

  Allen’s eye flashed through these
short but important paragraphs, and
then he read them again, very slowly
and carefully, as though he were com-
mitting each item to memory. Then
he twisted up the paper and dropped it
back in the bed of nasturtiums and re-
turned quietly to his room. When he
came down to breakfast, an hour later,
the little black mustache which in for-
eign fashion had adorned his upper lip
since his return had disappeared, and
instead of the Poole clothes which he
had been wearing with much satisfac-
tion he was in tennis flannels.

  Antonia stole a glance of secret ad-
miration at the athletic figure he pre-
sented, but Jessie Gardner regarded
him with frank, sisterly appraisal.

  “What did you take it off for?” she
demanded. “I think you looked more
distinguished with your nice little black
mustache.”

  “I feel more American without it.
I must have some clothes, too. Intro-
duce me to your tailor, Wilton?”
“With pride. When?”

  “I think I’ll stroll down with you
when you go to the office.”
98

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “Stroll? People don’t stroll in Amer-
ica, Howard. They go to the office in
an electric car, either public or private.
Where’s the paper, Lizzie?”

  Allen watched his brother-in-law
without seeming to do so, as Gardner
unfolded the paper. He glanced at all
the headlines, turned over to read the
stock reports, glanced at the sporting
page, and then turned back to the front
page. Folding the paper so that he
could read the story of the Terrace Inn
murder at ease, he propped it against
the sugar bowl and read the account,
which Allen knew almost by heart, with
deliberate care.

  “Anything in the paper, Wilton?”
asked Jessie. She was never wholly
reconciled to her husband’s unsocial
habit of reading the paper at the break-
fast table, so she tried conscientiously
to drag conversation out of it, since she
could not prevent it.

  “A job for Doran,” Gardner an-
swered absently, feeling blindly for his
toast.

  “Oh, good !” exclaimed Jessie.

  At that Gardner looked up with a
short laugh and shook his head. “Good
Lord, what creatures women are!”

  “Well-” said Jessie protestingly.

  Gardner turned to Allen with an air.
“Your sister, Allen! Would you have
believed it of her? I tell her that a
murder has been committed—a murder
most foul and dark, as somebody says
—and her only comment is ‘Oh,
good!’ ”

  Antonia turned her soft eyes, full of
questioning loyalty, upon Jessie. “Oh,
but she didn’t mean that, I know!” she
breathed.

  “Doran is the new coroner,” said
Jessie to Howard, in explanation. “He
is a friend of ours, and Wilton helped
get him elected. Of course I am sorry
people have to be murdered in order
that a coroner may live; but, since they
will get murdered, coroner or no coro-
ner, I’m glad to have them get mur-

dered in Doran’s precinct.” She fin-
ished with a mocking little face at her
husband..

  “I suppose it means that I shall have
to attend the inquest,” said Gardner.
“Doran made me promise that I would
stand by, as a personal and unofficial
counselor, the first time he had to con-
duct an inquest. He is nervous about
the technique of the proceedings.”
“Who is the murderee, Wilton?”
asked Jessie, with ostentatious sang-
froid. “Any one we know?”

  “J. W. McGrath his name is.”

  “Don’t know him. Not in our set.
And the murderer?”

  “Didn’t leave his card. Mystery
about it. Read it yourself.” He pushed
the paper across the table, and gave un-
divided attention to his egg.

  Allen had been thinking. He felt
that he ought to know all that could
be known in regard to the man who
had been killed in Gordon’s room—he
was too closely mixed up in the affair
to be indifferent to any aspect of it.
And, though the newspaper assurance
that the man who had called on Mc-
Grath would be traced had led him to
make some obvious changes in his ap-
pearance, he had no intention of being
forced into hiding.

  “Would it be possible for me to ac-
company you?” he asked Gardner. “I
have never attended an inquest in my
life, and I think I should like to know
something about the technique of the
proceedings myself.”

  “Certainly. You can carry my green
bag and go as my clerk.”

  “Oh, Howard!” murmured Antonia,
with shy protest.

  “That’s what men are like, Tonia,”
said Jessie, with cheerful resignation.
“You just have to get used to them.”
At that moment the telephone rang
in the butler’s pantry, and everybody
stopped talking while Lizzie answered
the call. In a moment she appeared.
“Mr. Allen is wanted at the phone.”
THE TE^R/JCB INN T<RAGE<DY

99

  Allen threw down his napkin and
went to the phone, fully conscious that
every word he spoke would be over-
heard, even if the family made a polite
pretense of talking among themselves.
As he had anticipated, it was Rantoul’s
voice in the phone:

  “Hello! That you, Howie? How do
things go ?”

  “May I come and see you to-day?”
Allen asked, by way of answer.

  “Can’t you tell me over the phone
What he said ?”

  “Thank you, the family are all well,”
Allen remarked distinctly. “They are
all right here at breakfast.”

Rantoul’s chuckle came faintly over
the wire. “All right, Howie. I catch
the idea. We’ll make it a game of
‘Yes and No.’ Did you see Gordon?”
“No.”

  “The devil you didn’t! What slipped
up ?”

“Yes!” said Allen, with emphasis.
“Oh, confound you, I can’t pick
things out of you that way. Go some-
where where you can telephone me in-
telligently.”

  “My only engagement in the imme-
diate future,” said Allen conversation-
ally, “is to attend an inquest with Wil-
ton. There was a murder at the Ter-
race Inn last night—some one by the
name of J. W. McGrath was killed

  “Gad, Howie, what’s that?”

  “-and Wilton is going to attend

the inquest professionally, and I’m go-
ing for the sake of my general infor-
mation. That’s all I know about it.”
“Are you telling me that Gordon was
killed last night?”

  “No.”

  “Is there anything in the paper about
it?”

  “Yes, everything.”

  “You have the letters-”

  Allen snapped the receiver on before
the question could be fully formed.

That, definitely, was a question he could
not answer over the phone.

  He went out to the front hall, where
Gardner was getting ready to depart
for 'his office.

  “Hop in, How, if you are going down
with me.”

  Allen turned to Antonia. “Can’t we
have a game of tennis when I come
back from the dressmaker’s? You see,
I dressed for it—in hopes.” And while
he spoke, a half-amused wonder ran
through his mind whether he really was
as adroit as all this by nature. He had
donned the tennis suit because a sudden
subconscious warning had told him not
to wear again the clothes in which he
had visited the Terrace Inn, and now,
to justify the flannels, he must beg a
game, and use up time which he might
well have spent in considering the va-
rious aspects of the complicated cir-
cumstances within which he stood.

  “Yes, indeed,” murmured Antonia,
with shy pleasure. She had fully in-
tended to make this morning serve the
purpose which had been frustrated last
night, by going out to see Abram Ma-
kowsky’s sick uncle. But wasn’t it
admitted that charity should begin at
home; and wasn’t it being charitable
to do something for the stranger who
had just returned home after five long
years of absence? She would go out
quietly by herself in the afternoon,
after the game was over. No need to
take any one. Antonia was shy about
her charities—which wrere numerous.
“Yes, indeed, I’ll be glad to have a
game,” slje murmured.

  Gardner left his brother-in-law at his
tailor’s, and here Allen exercised his
diplomatic gifts so skillfully that the
tailor not only promised to produce the
clothes he ordered with unprecedented
swiftness, but even to fit him out tem-
porarily with the makeshift street suit
which he insisted he must have for the
afternoon.

  He did not, perhaps, know himself
100

THE <PO<PULAcR MAGAZINE

what a triumph that concession was;
but, as he strolled back to Antonia and
the tennis court, he did reflect, with
some amusement, on his Flora McFlim-
seylike state. That poor devil that had
been killed last night—McGrath—he,
too, had been dressed in new togs
throughout, the paper said. Had that
been for the purpose of avoiding recog-
nition? Who wras McGrath, anyway?
How was he mixed up with Gordon?
And who had killed him? A mystery,
the paper had called it. As the mur-
derer had escaped, and was not likely
to come back for the purpose of clear-
ing things up, it might remain a mys-
tery forever. They said the police had
a clew, but it was Allen’s clear convic-
tion that the clew led straight to him!

  When he reached the house, Antonia
was ready, and he stopped only for the
balls and rackets before setting cut for
the court, which was a block away
from the house.

  “There was a telephone call for you,”
Antonia said. “Lizzie wrote the num-
ber on the pad. Perhaps you’d better
see-”

  Allen went back and looked at the
pad. It was Rantoul’s number.

  “That will keep until afternoon,” he
said. “We mustn’t let business inter-
fere with tennis.”

  The court was in good condition, but
Allen played a poor game. Yet, now,
curiously enough, it was not the loss of
the letters that oppressed him. He had
made up his mind to attempt their re-
covery, and so dismissed the thought
of them for the time being. But con-
stantly there swam into that inner field
of vision, which memory beholds, the
outline of the man who had fallen into
his arms when he opened the door, the
face that had been turned up to him
when he laid the man upon the floor
and knelt for a moment beside him.
Let no one say that death is a trivial
matter, to be treated lightly by the phil-
osophical. It is a sacred mystery, and

he who has seen it has seen the gods
at their work, making and remaking the
world.

   Allen spun the game out till luncheon
time. Then he improvised an engage-
ment downtown as an excuse for not
entering the house. He must keep out
of the telephone reach of Rantoul until
he knew better where he stood—and
he could not go calling on the resource-
ful lady of the Terrace Inn until he had
some proper clothes. Such was the ami-
ability of Wilton’s tailor, however, that
a few hours later a well-dressed young
man, with no touch of London about
his clothes, paused to buy an afternoon
paper from a small newsboy in the little
triangular park that faced the Terrace
Inn.

  “All-about-eh-murder’s on the last
page,” said the boy helpfully.

  “Oh, do you read your own papers?”
asked Allen, turning to the last page
accordingly.

  “Course I’d read about a murder in
my own hotel,” said the boy.

  Allen glanced at him sharply. “How,
your hotel ?” he asked. The boy was
ragged and looked uncared for beyond
the average, but he might possibly be
the son of some hotel servant. He had
the sharp, pinched face of a worried
squirrel, and below the impudent assur-
ance of his look there was something
of the dumb wistfulness of an animal—
or of an overburdened child. “Do you
mean that you live over there ?”

  “Naw,” said the boy, in disgust, and
plainly suspicious of chaffing.

  “Oh, you mean you sell papers
there? Do you know the names of any
of the people living there?” He put
the question casually and in a conversa-
tional tone, but the boy watched him
warily.

  “Some of ’em,” he answered non-
committally.

  “Do you know the name of the peo-
ple who have rooms on the third floor
THE TEcRcRfiCE INN T<R/1GE<DY

IOI

—a man and his wife—the man went
away last night?”

  “Say, are you a tec?” demanded the
boy. It was evident that, though sus-
picion bade him flee, curiosity held him
bound.

  “Of course not. I should think you’d
be sharp enough to know better than
that. I'm just curious. So you don’t
know his name?”

  “Hunt. That's in the paper.”

  Allen ran his eye over the afternoon
paper’s rehash of the morning paper’s
story. There was little additional in-
formation, except that it mentioned the
time and place of the inquest, and in-
dicated that everybody who could throw
any light on the affair had been sum-
moned by the coroner. A Mr. Warren
Hunt, who lived at the hotel, had left
on the ten-o’clock train for Chicago, it
appeared, but that was a matter of no
importance, one was to infer, as there
were still a great many people in the
hotel who could be questioned. The
one important point was that the mur-
derer had run out into the street imme-
diately after the crime, though there
now seemed some confusion as to
whether he had run out through the
ofHce or through the back hall.

  Allen folded the paper and slipped
it into his pocket. Then the boy’s hun-
gry look—Allen thought again of a
worried squirrel unable to voice his
anxiety—caught his attention, and his
fingers came out of his pocket with a
coin.

  “Here, get yourself some supper—no
cigarettes, mind! What’s your name,
by the way?”

  “Abram Makowrsky,” the boy an-
swered, subdued into civility by the
glint of silver.

  “Oh, hello!” exclaimed Allen, recall-
ing Antonia’s concern. “How’s your
uncle, Abram ?”

  But this was too much. With the
snort of a little wild creature, the child
sprang away, and only at a safe dis-

tance did he pause to glare back at the
man who wanted to know so many
things.

  Allen crossed the street to the hotel.
It was not without an inward quiver
that he approached the desk; but, as
good fortune would have it, the man of
whom he had made his inquiries the
evening before was not there. Instead,
a young woman took his card, and di-
rected him to a small waiting room,
while she sent a bell boy up to Mrs.
Hunt.

  Very promptly his card was answered
by the appearance of Mrs. Hunt herself
—Mrs. Hunt, hatted and dressed for
the street. She looked at him steadily,
unsmilingly for a moment, as he rose
to his feet at her approach. Then a
flicker of something like mockery
passed over her face.

  “I thought you would come,” she
said composedly. “I am just going out.
Will you walk a little way with me?”
Allen bowed, and, without further
words, she led the way to the street
door. As they stepped out, Allen
glanced across at the little park oppo-
site, and saw the small Abram Makow-
sky taking the situation in with alert
observation!

  “I .thought you would come,” Mrs.
Hunt repeated, as he fell into step with
her slow movement, “though we are
neither of us far enough out of the
wood to make it a very wise thing for
you to do. Still, as I guessed that you
would be plucky rather than wise, I
waited for you. What is it you want?”
“I think you know.”

  “I prefer to have you say.”

  “Very well. When I left you last
night—-after I left you—I missed some
papers—two sealed letters I had had
in my pocket.”

  “And you think you may have left
them in my room ?”

  He looked down at her without an-
swering.
102

THE cPOcPULA<R MAGAZINE

   “Or could it be that you left them in
 —some other room ?”

   Allen could not help an inward trib-
 ute to her cleverness. Indeed, if she
 denied knowledge of the papers, what
 could he do? He could not, as a matter
 of fact, be absolutely certain himself
 as to their whereabouts unless he could
 compel her to own up to having them.
 He adopted an attitude of pained dis-
 approval.

   “This evasiveness is not worthy of
you.”

   “What is or is not worthy of me is
the last thing you can know, Mr. Allen.
However, I would gain nothing by eva-
siveness in this case, so I don’t mind
telling you that you are quite right in
guessing that I took the letters from
your pocket in the carriage. I was
mighty thankful to get hold of them.
Do you want to know what I am going
to do with them ?”

   “Return them to me, I hope.”

  “A vain hope, Mr. Allen. And you
were sensible to say merely ‘hope,’ not
‘expect.’ You know very well I am
not going to return them to you—yet.
What do you suppose I took them for ?”
“I have not the slightest idea.”

   “Oh, you do yourself injustice, I am
 sure. You must have guessed that I
 took them to hold as a hostage for your
 silence.” She looked up with a swift
 glance of assured triumph.

   Allen had focused all his faculties in
 an effort to understand the woman, and
 he could see plainly enough that under
 'her surface composure she was exces-
 sively nervous. There was a throb in
 the pulses of her throat, a quiver in her
 voice that betrayed deep, though con-
 trolled, emotion. There was no com-
 fort for him in the discovery. He felt
 the impossibility of turning her.

   “My silence regarding what? Please
be definite.”

   “Everything that occurred last night.
 Everything. There will be an inquest.

I shall have to appear. If you contra-
dict my story, or break your silence in
any way, I shall give those letters to
the papers.”

 “Have you read them?” he de-
manded, in astonishment.

  “Certainly. Do you think I am play-
ing a child’s game? You know what
a sensation they will make, if published.
Is it worth your while to run that risk?”
And here she distinctly had him at a
disadvantage, for, though she might not
guess it, he did not share her knowl-
edge of the contents of those fatal let-
ters. She said they would make a sen-
sation. If even she, a woman, saw that,
they probably were highly inflammable !
“If I accept your terms, promise to

keep silence-”

  She shrugged her shoulders lightly
and with a not ungraceful movement.

  “I am not asking your promise—I
have the letters. Speak, and I publish
them. Keep silent, and I keep quiet.
Nothing could be simpler.”

  “Nor more complete,” said Allen,
with indignant bitterness. He felt, in-
deed, that she held him in a cleft stick.

  “I should hope so,” said Mrs. Hunt
composedly. “I have enough to think
of, Heaven knows, without you making
complications. And, now that that is
settled, and you understand what you
have to do, allow me to repeat what I
said before, that it is not altogether
prudent for us to be seen together.
There is too much at stake. I think it
will be well for you to leave me at the
corner.”

  “I bow to your superior manage-
ment,” said Allen sardonically.

  As Allen replaced the hat he had
automatically raised to her retreating
back, he found himself face to face with
Miss Clio Ellerson, whose approach he
had not noticed.

  “Good afternoon, Mr. Allen,” she
said carelessly, as she passed him. But
the glance she sent after the departing
THE TEtRCRJICE INN T<RJ1GE<DY

103

figure of Mrs. Hunt was not careless,
and he saw it.

  “Confound it all!” he muttered to
himself. It would not have been polite
—or just—to confound Miss Ellerson
for chancing to be on the street at that
moment, but he felt a need to vent his
annoyance somehow. He swore imper-
sonally and inaudibly for half a block,
and then turned his head to see which
way she had gone. She was talking
with Abram Makowsky at the edge of
the little park. That sight did not
soothe his irritation. What possible
occasion could Miss Ellerson have to
talk to the boy he had just been quiz-
zing?

  On the car, going home, he pulled
Abram Makowsky’s newspaper from
his pocket. The world was still wag-
ging, and there must be something in
it besides that all-about-e-murder on
the last page.

  There was. On the front page, in
large type, was the query :

  Where is Senator Gordon?

  Beneath this, a mock-serious para-
graph told that this morning, on the
convening of legislature after a three-
day recess, Senator Gordon’s seat was
vacant, though important measures in
which he was known to be interested
were pending. He had not been at his,
hotel, and a telegraphic inquiry directed
to his home had brought out simply the
information that he was not there.

  It was evident that the “story” was
the work of some reporter who was
trying to make copy on very slender
foundations. Probably the privileged
newspaper man was trying to chaff the
distinguished senator. But—if the
question should not be answered by to-
morrow, or by the next day—it would
be no matter for chaffing. It would
be serious. Allen felt the tide of alarm
rising to his throat. There was nothing
for it but to go and see 'Rantoul and
have the matter out with him.

CHAPTER IV.

  Allen came away from Rantoul’s
house late that evening, feeling bruised
and battered in all his nerves and sym-
pathies. The hero, of his boyhood,
whose splendid courage and vibrant
personality had dazzled his mind and
formed a glorious standard which had
largely influenced his own development,
was certainly showing the touch of age.
The sight filled Allen with passionate
pity. More than ever he felt that he
must protect him, save him—save him
not only from external disaster, but,
even more, save him from the humilia-
tion of such self-betrayals as he had
just witnessed.

  Rantoul had been so panic-stricken at
the news that his letters to Gordon had
reached other hands that Allen could
only draw the most damning inferences
as to their contents.

  “But can’t you get them back from
her ? It isn’t possible that you can't!”
he had repeated again and again.

  “It isn’t safe to try. If it would be

fatal to have them made public-”

  “Why, it would be ruin!”

“Then the thing to do is to keep
quiet. That is the price of her silence.”
“How you could have bungled so

simple a-”

  But that was a profitless field, and
Allen did not try to defend himself.
He was quite willing to admit that he
had bungled things, but a pickpocket
so skillful as Mrs. Hunt was hardly
among the ordinary contingencies which
he might have foreseen. And if it came
to fixing the ultimate responsibility, he
felt that to write anything so explo-
sive as these secret letters must have
been was the initial blunder. But he
did not have the heart to point this
out. He merely tried to find out how
things really stood.

  “You have no idea, then,” he asked
Rantoul, “why Gordon didn’t come to
the rendezvous?”
104

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “You don’t know that he didn’t, as I
understand it,” said Rantoul impatient-
ly. “You say that the room was empty
when you went in. But it had been
taken in the name of McGrath. That
was the name Gordon was to use.”

  “This was not Gordon—the man who
took the room, and who was killed.
This was quite a young fellow—twenty-
odd, I should say. Probably Gordon
sent an emissary—as you did. And
his emissary was killed, while yours
was robbed. A pretty mix, altogether!”
Rantoul shook his head dubiously.
“I don’t believe Gordon sent any one in
his place. He probably was there, and
when the excitement of the murder
called attention to his room, he simply
slipped away. He didn’t want to be
called on for explanations, of course.
And, because the dead man was found
in the room taken in the name of Mc-
Grath, the hotel people—or the police
—jumped to the conclusion that he was
McGrath. You may be sure Gordon
wouldn’t be the one to set them right.”
“Gordon’s whereabouts are unknown,
according to the evening paper—you
have seen it?”

  “Yes.”

  “Does that suggest anything to your
mind ?”

  “No. He’ll turn up. It would be
altogether too good luck if he didn’t.
If only he had been the one killed!
You are quite sure there isn’t any possi-
bility that it was he ?”

  “Not a chance,” smiled Allen.

  “Pity! I could have spared him so
easily ! Oh, Howie, if only you hadn’t
let that siren bamboozle you!”

  Allen felt that it was hardly worth
while to point out that he had been
tricked, not bamboozled, and that a
subtle difference was involved. He saw
that Rantoul’s mind was so absorbed
in the effect of the affair upon himself
that he could spare no attention to con-
sidering its general aspects.

  But after Allen had left the har-

assed old man barely in time to catch
the last suburban train for town, he
gave himself up, during the quiet hour
of the trip, - to considering these as-
pects. As he worked them out, they
fell into about this order:

  If “McGrath” was Gordon’s nom de
guerre, the young fellow who had been
killed was not McGrath, as everybody
assumed.

  The police, working on the theory
that he was McGrath, would be follow-
ing a false trail. The man might never
be identified. In that case, did not an
obligation rest upon him to set them
right ?

  He could take no open step in the
matter without risk of Mrs. Hunt’s car-
rying out her threat to publish the sto-
len letters.

  His silence would presumably help
the murderer to escape, and to that ex-
tent would be a thwarting of justice.
That was not a comfortable thought,
but he decided firmly that it was better
to let a murderer escape, if circum-
stances and his destiny enabled him to
do so, than to wreck the reputation of
a man like Rantoul.

  His obligation of silence should not
go to a point where an innocent person
might be put in jeopardy. He could see
possibilities of development along this
line where it might become necessary
to sacrifice Rantoul.

  Gordon’s part in the whole affair was
mysterious. Why had he not kept his
appointment ? Was McGrath his emis-
sary? What had become of him?

  Who was the man Mrs. Hunt was
protecting? Was it Hunt? And did
she know wrho McGrath was?

  And finally, what might he have let
himself in for? He realized that if he
should become involved in a public
scandal, or anything of that sort, it
would be a serious matter for his pro-
fessional future. Yes, Rantoul had cer-
tainly taken a rather unfair advantage
of his friendship.
THE TEtRCR/lCE INN T<R/3GE<DY

105

  It was after midnight when he let
himself into the house of his brother-
in-law with that amiable relative’s
latchkey. When he had stumbled
against the hatrack and knocked over
a hall chair, Wilton, in pajamas, hos-
pitably turned on the light in the upper
hall.

  “Hello, you nocturnal wanderer!
What sent you home so early?”

  “I’ve been out to see Mr. Rantoul,”
said Allen. He didn’t feel equal to any
liveliness of retort.

  “By the way,” added Wilton sleepily,
“you really want to attend that in-
quest ?”

  “Yes, I do.”

  “All right; be ready, then. It’s to-
morrow at nine.”

CHAPTER V.

  The first person Allen saw when he
entered the room where the inquest was
to be held was Clio Ellerson. The sight
somehow startled him. Even when he
remembered, as he did at the second
thought, that she was probably there
for her paper, and that her attendance
was therefore natural and to be ex-
pected, he had an unquiet feeling which
refused to explain itself that her pres-
ence was, for him, in some way por-
tentous. It was one of those subtle
intuitions that prove to us occasion-
ally that there is an alert consciousness
in us which lies deeper than the brain.

  But he resolutely turned his attention
from her and listened to the proceed-
ings of the inquest. Beyond what he
had anticipated, the affair had an at-
mosphere of solemnity. A crime had
been committed against the laws which
society and the growing conscience of
the race have established, and here the
law, safeguarding society, was making
an earnest attempt to discover the
truth. The means might be inadequate,
the result imperfect, but the object was
profoundly impressive.-

  The hotel clerk was the first person

questioned. He was an alert, intelli-
gent man, and he testified clearly to the
little he knew.

  J. W. McGrath had come in about
eight o’clock on Tuesday evening and
asked for a room for the night. The
room had been reserved by wire several
days before. He had referred to the
reservation, had paid for the room in
advance, and had been taken up by the
boy. A few minutes later, he had come
downstairs and gone out. No one had
seen him come in again, and Burkey,
the clerk testifying, did not know that
he was in the house until he was found
in his room, dead.

  “Could he have come in again with-
out being seen by some one?” the coro-
ner asked.

  “Oh, yes. My office is near the front
door, but I was out. It is often vacant.
We don’t expect transients. Most of
our people have apartments by the
season.” -

  “Then it would seem that McGrath
was not acquainted with the character
of your house, since he wired in ad-
vance for a room ?”

  “That struck me at the time.”

  “Where did he wire from?”

  “I didn’t notice at the time, and since
this happened I have hunted for the
telegram but have been unable to find
it. It must have gone into the waste-
basket.”

  “Did he say anything when he went
out ?”

  “No. He went out in a hurry, and
passed me in the door, but he said noth-
ing. I went out just a minute after him,
and I saw him cross the street and
stop to speak to a man on the other
sidewalk. I went on without paying
any further attention to them.”

  “What sort of a man?”

  “Well, I couldn’t say. There was
nothing noticeable about him as far as
I could see—it was a good ways off,
and it was rather dark. And I didn’t
pay special attention. It just struck
THE cPOcPULAcR MAGAZINE

me that he was asking his way or some-
thing like that, and I wondered a little
that he hadn’t asked me, but I didn’t
think much about it.”

  “Would it have been possible for him
to bring the stranger in with him and
go up to his room without being seen?”
“Yes, quite possible. Mr. Cook is
supposed to be in the office when I am
not there; but, as I said, the office is
often vacant for a short time when we
both are called away.”

  “Describe the arrangement of the of-
fice and hall, please.”

  “The office is to the left of the front
entrance. Opposite it, with the hall be-
tween, is a reception room. Back of
the office is the elevator, with a stair-
way winding about it. Some people
use the stairway going up to the next
floor. Beyond that is a cross hall that
leads out to the side street and a back
hall with stairway. Beyond that, again,
is the dining room to one side, and the
back offices and kitchens on the other.”
“Then this man could have come and
gone either by the front door or the
side door or the kitchen hall ?”

  “Yes-—if he knew his way.”

  “And the murderer might have es-
caped in any of those ways?”

  “Yes.”

  “McGrath had no luggage?”

  “No. When I asked about his lug-
gage, he said curtly: ‘My grip was sto-
len on the train.’ But he paid in ad-
vance for the room, so it made no dif-
ference to me.”

  “For how long did he pay?”

  “For twenty-four hours.”

  “Did he seem excited? Was there
anything in his manner to attract atten-
tion ?”

  “His manner was curt and abrupt.
He seemed impatient. But there was
nothing extraordinary about him. I
thought at the time that he was probably
in a temper over the loss of his bag.”
“Did he mention any names? Ask
for any one?”

  “No.”

  “Did any one ask for him?”

  “Not wrhile I was there. But while
I was out for supper he had a caller.
Mr. Cook, the bookkeeper, was in
charge of the office while I was out.”
With an intimation that he would be
recalled later, the clerk was temporarily
dismissed, and the bookkeeper, Cook,
was called.

  “Tell in your own way, Mr. Cook,
about the man who called to see the de-
ceased.”

  Cook was evidently flustered by the
responsibility which circumstances had
thrust upon him. He was the man to
whom Allen had addressed his in-
quiries, but after the first minute Allen
knew that he had nothing to fear from
the unobservant and untrained mind of
the young bookkeeper. He told his
story hurriedly and without detail.

  “Why, he just came in and asked
for McGrath, and I sent him up with
the bell hop, and that’s the last I knew
about it. Then Burkey came back, and
Baring and I went out for a feed.”
“What sort of a man was he?”

  “Why, I didn’t notice.”

  “What time was it?”

  “Well, I didn’t exactly notice.”

 “You didn’t see him leave the
house ?”

  “No—sure I didn’t.”

  “What time were you on duty?”
  “From eight to nine.”

  “Then he must have called before
nine.”

  “Why, yes, of course.”

  “And that’s all the information that
you can give?”

  The bookkeeper grinned apologeti-
cally. Undeniably Allen felt relieved;
but, as the thought passed his mind
that he had nothing to fear now in the
way of identification with that night’s
adventures, he glanced, without intent,
in the direction of Miss Ellerson, and
was startled at the look on her face.
She was covertly watching him. If he
THE TE<R<RACE INN T<RAGE<DY

107

had caught her eye upon him merely,
he would have thought nothing of it.
But it was the fact that she was observ-
ing him askance that surprised him.
Why should she be watching him? In
his amaze he missed the question to
which the witness next replied:

  “Baring was with me—Evan Bar-
ing.”

  “Is Evan Baring in the room?”

  A young man stepped forward. It
was the young fellow who had been in
the office with the bookkeeper, and Al-
len saw instantly that this was a man
of a different type.

  After the preliminary questions, he
testified:

  “Yes, I was in the office when the
man came in who asked for McGrath.
He was a young man of about twenty-
nine, slight build, somewhat above the
average in height, dark hair and mus-
tache. He wore a dark-gray suit, Eng-
lish cut, and carried a cane. A bit of
a dandy, I should say.”

  Allen gasped a little at that. In spite
of himself, he stole a look at Miss El-
lerson, but she was looking straight at
the witness this time, and nowhere
else.

  “Would you know him again, Mr.
Baring?”

  “I’d know the clothes again—sure.
Unless he alters his looks purposely, I
think I’d know him again in any
clothes.”

  “What is your business, Mr. Bar-
ing ?”

  “I’m a—a detective.”

  “Attached to the police force?”

  “No, on my own account. Private
office.”

  There was no reason why that an-
swer should excite mirth, but a smile
rippled around the room. Perhaps it
was the incongruity between the im-
pressiveness of the claim and the boy-
ish look of the claimant. Baring felt
the amusement, and his jaw set.

  “Were you in the hotel at the time

of the murder, Mr. Baring?” asked the
coroner.

  “No; I went out with Cook when
Mr. Burkey returned—a minute or two
after nine.”

  “Then you know nothing about what
happened later?”

  “I know nothing about what hap-
pened later,” Baring echoed. There
was something dogged in his tone that
apparently caught Doran’s attention, as
it did Allen’s, for he looked at the wit-
ness thoughtfully for a moment, and
then asked :

  “Or before? Or at any time? Have
you any further information that might
help to throw light upon the murder ?”
Baring paused a moment before an-
swering; and his eyes, in an absent,
meditative fashion, wandered across the
room to Clio Ellerson, who was giving
close attention to the proceedings. Al-
len, keenly watchful, was certain that
it was not a chance glance. But after
that meditative pause, merely enough
to refresh his memory, Baring shook
his head and answered Doran directly:
“No, I have no further information
that would throw any light on the mur-
der. I went out with Cook, but I left
him at the door and went downtown.
I heard nothing about the murder until
I saw the paper the next morning; and
then, of course, I remembered the man
who had come to the office to inquire
for him.”

  “You have given his description to
the police?”

  “Yes, sir.”

  “That will do for the present, Mr.
Baring.”

  Burkey, the clerk, was recalled.
“Tell about your finding the body,
Mr. Burkey.”

  “I was at my desk in the office when
I heard the sound of a shot. At the
first instant I didn’t realize it was a
shot. I just said to myself: ‘That
sounds like a shot—wonder what it
was.’ Then I heard it again, and I
108

THE <PO<PULZ1<R MAGAZINE

knew it was a shot, and that it was up-
stairs. I made a dive for the elevator,
and let myself up. When I got to the
second floor, there was no one to be
seen, though I heard the sound of some
one in the rear of the hall. I started
to run that way, when I saw that room
No. 83 was open. I pulled up, went in,
and there was McGrath on the floor.
I stopped to examine him, lift him up.
He was dead. Then Joe, the elevator
man, who had been out in the hall,
came tearing up to find why I had taken
the elevator, and I sent him back to
telephone for the police, while I locked
the room and went down the back way
to see if there was any one there. But
of course there wasn’t. Whoever it
was I had heard could have gone out
the back way without any difficulty, as
the back stairs lead down to a hall that
opens on the side street.”

  “Is that passage ever used by the
guests of the house?” asked Doran.

  “They do, sometimes, for a short cut,
though it is intended for servants and
tradesmen.”

  “Did you see any one at all when
you went through ?”

  “One of the dining-room waiters,
Jim, was going upstairs; and when I
looked out of the door I saw Cook on
the opposite sidewalk. I called to him
to come in, and set him in charge of
the office. By this time the policeman
had come, and I took him up to room
No. 83 and unlocked the door.”

  Wilton Gardner, who was present in
the interests of the new coroner, passed
a scribbled slip to Doran, who read it in
his palm. Then he recalled Cook, the
bookkeeper, who had proved so ineffi-
cient a witness before.

  “You were standing on the opposite
sidewalk when Mr. Burkey called you
in. How long had you been there?”
“Oh, just a few minuteg.”

 “Five minutes? Ten minutes?
Twenty minutes ?”

  “Maybe ten minutes.”

  “Did you see any one leave the house
by that side door while you stood
there ?”

  “Yes, I saw the man I took for
Hunt,” said Cook, looking uncomfort-
able.

  “You saw a man you took for Mr.
Hunt. You think now it was not Mr.
Hunt?”

  “No, Jim says Mr. Hunt was in his
room.”

  “You thought at the time it was Mr.
Hunt?”

  “Yes.”

  “Did you speak of this to any one?”

  “Yes, I told Burkey. But just then
Jim came down from upstairs and says
Mr. and Mrs. Hunt were eating supper
in their room.”

  “Can you describe the man you saw
come out?”

  “No, I didn’t notice particularly. I
just thought it was Mr. Hunt, and
didn’t notice.”

  “Did the man seem in a hurry—run-
ning?”

  “No, just walking kinda fast.”

  So! The alibi was by way of being
established! Allen moved restlessly,
and as he turned his head he saw a
figure he had not noticed before—Mrs.
Hunt. She had just thrown back the
veil that had obscured her features, and
she was looking at him with a quiet,
direct gaze that would mean nothing to
any one else, but that he could not mis-
take. A moment later, the coroner said
deferentially: “Mrs. Hunt.” And she
rose and came forward.

  “I asked the privilege of giving my
testimony under oath,” she said, in a
self-possessed manner, after the pre-
liminary identification, “because of the
absurd rumor in the hotel starting from
the gossip of Mr. Cook, the bookkeeper,
who thought he saw my husband leav-
ing the hotel by the rear entrance that
evening shortly after nine. Mr. Hunt
was with me in my room until nearly
ten, when we went together in a car-
THE TE^RtRJlCE INN T<RAGE<DY

109

riage to the station. Jim, the waiter,
brought us some coffee at half past
nine. I noticed the time because he had
kept us waiting nearly half an hour,
and I spoke to him sharply about it.
I hope you will take his testimony. Jim
called a carriage for us, and we left
shortly before ten. If necessary, the
driver will doubtless be found to give
testimony that I took him to the station
and p-parted from him there.” Her
self-control seemed to break a moment
at the word, and she touched her eyes
delicately with her handkerchief.

  Doran, the coroner, was a polite man,
and not without susceptibility to femi-
nine charms—and Mrs. Hunt looked
charming in her black gown.

  “It is hardly necessary to follow the
matter up, madam, but out of defer-
ence to your very natural desire to
make it impossible for the cruel serpent
of gossip to raise its venomous head
in the future, I will call Jim Owens.”

  Jim Owens, the waiter, testified that
he had taken a pot of coffee to the
Hunt apartment at half past nine, and
had then told Mr. and Mrs. Hunt about
the murder, which had taken place on
the floor below. He had ordered a car-
riage for them, and had seen them enter
and drive off a little before ten. He
was well acquainted with Mr. Hunt,
and swore positively on the point of
seeing him at the table, and again en-
tering the carriage. And Doran, who
was doubtless a better politician than
psychologist, never questioned the pos-
sibility that a man’s eyes might deceive
him when he looked for what he ex-
pected to see. He turned to Mrs. Hunt
with a smile of reassurance.

  “The record of this examination will
be your complete protection against
calumny,” he said, with his slightly
exaggerated air of deference. “The
snake of suspicion has been scotched
forever.”

  And Mrs. Hunt,' bowing slightly in
acknowledgment, allowed her eyes to

slide from the face of the coroner to
Allen’s. He met her look, with its
carefully concealed triumph, with an
air of complete detachment, but his soul
seethed within in a tumult of exaspera-
tion. Bitterly now he regretted that
he had come to the inquest. If the
time should come when it would be nec-
essary for him to give his testimony in
the interest of justice, he would cut a
sorry figure in recounting how this
woman had forced him to sit silent
while her adroit perjury went on
record.

  It was with relief that he saw the
session was drawing toward its close
and that Gardner was preparing to
leave. He stood a little apart, waiting
for Gardner, who was speaking to the
coroner, and watching the people w-ho
drew together into little groups. They
spoke softly among themselves, as
though they were at a funeral. One by
one they drifted out of the room. Mrs.
Hunt, who had dropped an obscuring
veil over her face immediately after
giving her testimony, managed to pass
him on her way from the room.

  “You see, it was simple enough,” she
murmured, as she passed him.

  “That may be a matter of opinion,”
he retorted. “You will be so obliging
as to remember that I am bound by no
promises.”

  “I do not think a promise would add
anything to the situation,” she an-
swered sweetly, and passed on.

  Allen turned abruptly—and encoun-
tered the eyes of Evan Baring, fixed
upon him with a puzzled scrutiny. On
the impulse of the moment, and without
explaining his action to himself, Allen
nodded, as if in recognition of an ac-
quaintance. Baring returned the greet-
ing automatically, and then turned to
Miss Ellerson, near whom he was
standing. Allen would have given
something to hear their conversation.
He was certain that he was the subject
—as he was. He would have been edi-
no

THE VOW LAI? MAGAZINE

fied if he could have listened, for Evan
Baring said to Clio Ellerson:

  “Who is that man in gray near the
door? He just nodded to me. I know
I’ve met the guy, but I can’t for the
life of me speak his name.”

  Clio answered without looking in the
direction of the door—which Baring
might have construed as a significant
fact, if he had been in his best form.

  “That is Howard Allen,” she said.
“I told you about him the other day.”
“The dickens it is! The man who
shot down the rioters! One of your
quiet, deadly sort!” Evan turned again
to study the figure in gray, now depart-
ing, with undisguised interest. “But,
say! What made him nod to me ? I
never met him. I wouldn’t have for-
gotten that, you bet!”

  Miss Ellerson looked at Evan with
the air of thoughtful consideration that
occasionally made him feel very young
indeed.

  “You were staring at him,” she said
quietly. “I noticed it, and so, of course,
did he. He probably thought you were
staring because you recognized him, and
so he nodded in greeting. He probably
thought that he was at fault in not
recognizing some one he ought to have
remembered—a stranger is apt to con-
fuse the faces he knows and those he
has merely seen in the street.”

  “I suppose that’s it,” Evan conceded,
evidently impressed by her elaborate
reasoning. “But I was staring because
he made me think of some one I have
seen recently—some one I didn’t know
who came up out of the dark and said
something. Jerusalem and jumping
cats, I know who it was! He made me
think of the man who asked for Mc-
Grath at the Terrace Inn !”

  Miss Ellerson did not look as sur-
prised as he might have expected.
“Don’t let the McGrath mystery get on
your brain,” she said impatiently.

  “But he does look like him!”

  “You didn’t notice it at first? Mr.

Allen has been in the room all through
the proceedings.”

  “No, I didn’t notice him till just
as he was leaving. Of course it was
just one of those chance resemblances
that sometimes strike you between peo-
pie who perhaps don’t look alike really.
But, say! I was so dead sure I’d rec-
ognize that man if I saw him anywhere,
and now I feel all mixed up. If I could
think Allen looked like him, I can’t trust
my recollection.” He thrust his hands
deep in his pockets and looked at her
with mingled dejection and exaspera-
tion.

  “What would you do,” asked Miss
Ellerson slowly, “if you should - really
see—and identify—the man who in-
quired for McGrath?”

  “Have him arrested, of course. On
the spot!” His eyes danced. “Gee, I
wish I had the chance! You bet they
wouldn’t grin the next time I said I
was a detective!”

  “You think, then, that the man who
inquired for McGrath was the man who
killed him?”

  “Well, he’d have to show us who did
if he wanted anybody to believe he
didn’t. I guess the third degree would
soon settle it.”

  Miss Ellerson was silent and thought-
ful for some moments.

  “What is the first thing you look for
when you are trying to solve a mys-
terious crime ?” she asked suddenly. “A
motive, isn’t it?”

  “Yes, a motive is important, espe-
cially when you have no facts. If you
have facts, of course, you have to build
from them. Now, the man who called
to see McGrath was a fact. If we knew
wrho he was, then we’d try to find out
whether he had any motive for killing
McGrath—since nobody actually saw
the murder. If he had no motive—
well, probably he wouldn’t have killed
him, in that case. But evidently he did,
so evidently he must have had a mo-
tive.”
THE TE<R?RJ1CB INN T<RAGE<DY

in

  “You are arguing in a circle, Evan,”
said Miss Ellerson earnestly. “But if

you knew who that man was-”

  “I’d look for the connection between
them—it might be a woman, or a quar-
rel, or business interests, or rivalry of
some sort. There’s where I’d expect to
find the motive. Gee, Miss Ellerson,
I wish you had seen that man while you
sat there in the park. You might have
recognized him.”

  “Possibly,” said Miss Ellerson dryly.
“Did the man you were waiting to in-
terview come along ?”

  “No, he didn’t. I didn’t tell you who
it was, Evan, when you stopped to
speak to me, because I didn’t want to
explain just then. But the fact was
that I was waiting for Senator Gordon.
I got a tip that he had been seen at the
Terrace Inn, and I went up to catch an
interview. They said he wasn’t there,
so I sat down on the bench in that park,
where I could watch the door. But
Gordon didn’t come.”

  Baring stared at her with every sense
alert—the hunting dog guessing at a
scent before it is fairly on the air.

“Well, but that may be very important,
Miss Ellerson! They say that Gordon
is missing.”

  “That’s why I told you.”

  “What’s the latest about Gordon ?”
“They are calling the noon edition
now. Let’s go out and get a paper.”
Outside of the building, the news-
boys were hurrying up the street with
the latest issue of the papers. Gard-
ner, who had been detained, came out
at that moment and joined Allen, who
had been waiting at the steps for him.
So it happened that the little group of
four stood near together, waiting for
the papers, and Baring took advantage
of the nearness to scrutinize Allen
closely.

  “He doesn’t look at all like that man
when you see him near by,” he mur-
mured, in an undertone, to Clio, who
listened without a smile. She even
looked appraisingly at Allen herself.

  Then the boy in the lead reached
them with the papers, and all four of
them caught sight of the headline:

  Gordon’s disappearance baffles his friends.

TO BE CONTINUED IN THE ISSUE OF JANUARY 20TH.

DIGGING UP NEW STORIES

\X/HILE some of the biggest brains in the United States are at the head of
the moving-picture business, it occasionally happens, as is frequently the
case with every business that develops with phenomenal rapidity, that totally
incompetent men are put into places of great responsibility. One such man,
an official of a well-known producing company in New York, was lamenting to
a dramatic press agent that his concern could not find enough stories to supply
material for all its actors and directors.

     “Oh,” said the dramatic man, “there’s a lot of stuff available for the movies
if you people will only take the trouble to dig it up.”

    “Tell me what’s in your mind!” said the movie man eagerly. “Tell me
where it is. I’ll get it.”

     “In that case,” replied the other, “why don’t you get hold of some of Vol-
taire or Racine or-”

    “Wait! Wait!” commanded the movie magnate, with a great deal of
-curiosity and some alarm. “Do those fellows charge much?”
The Mutineer

By Frank E. Evans
Author of ''''Men of Iron," “The Melting Pot of the Islands," Etc.

  The problem of this football player was what to do about the orders of
the coach when they were palpably wrong. Discipline Is an important
factor in the winning of a big game, but there have been instances where
the mutineer has pulled off the play that spelled victory.

THE vicious boom of the pigskins
as they spiraled downfield
smote on the ears of the Or-
ange’s side-line experts with a
significance that the season had so far
lacked. There was a harder drive to
the sprints of the back-field men who
captured the twisting ovals at the end
of their flight. Scattered here and
there in small squads, the big forwards
were blocking and charging, feinting
and thrusting with a restrained ferocity
that won curt commendation from their
coaches. The wide-flung activities syn-
chronized at a sharp call into signal
drill for the varsity and scrub squads,
and a keen observer would have marked
a more compelling bark to the signals
of the quarter backs and a smoother
dash, a more cohesive blending of plays
as the squads drummed up and down
the field. It was in the air, this feel-
ing that the turning point of the sea-
son’s drudgery had come.

  Three days before, the lightly held
Purple had come down from her New
England aerie, and only a sixty-yard
run by Templeton from a fumble had
offset the Purple’s dazzling attack, and
partially redeemed the listless work of
the Orange machine. Three more days
of November, and the dough% Green

team, never so formidable as in its an-
nual clash with the Orange, would put
to the supreme test the team that had
not yet found itself. The break of
the season had come, but only the con-
firmed partisan undergraduate could
crown his vision with the laurel of a
successful season. A defeat by the
Green, a few more recruits for the hos-
pital squad, and the Orange coaches
would face a herculean task to break
even with the ancient rivals who
sported the Crimson and the Blue in
football’s tourney.

  The head coach threw up his hand,
and the weaving evolutions halted.
“Line up for scrimmage!” the order
snapped, and the weather-beaten stands
hurled it back in raucous echoes.
“Scrubs’ ball on the varsity twenty-five-
yard line, first down ! Now”—he
paused to fill his lungs and then yelled
with dynamic energy that poised the
rival lines on their toes—“tear ’em up,
varsity ; get—that—ball!”

  The scrub quarter, knees flexed,
faced his back field. The smile left his
frank, engaging face. He glared at
them with a concentrated fury that
changed it into the living counterfeit
of a Chinese devil mask. He hammered
the air with short, choppy punches of
THE MUTINEER

113

his clenched fists, and the scrub went
taut from wing to wing as he bit off
the signals in vibrant, compelling num-
bers. The lines locked in an upthrust-
ing lunge, the scrub’s just a shade the
quicker. A back shot through tackle
for a plunge that carried him clear for
a six-yard gain. Again the quarter in-
fused the despised scrubs with a fight-
ing elan that bent back the opposing
line. Behind the regulars, the head
coach knifed his way from flank to
flank, storming, deriding, pleading in
ceaseless objurgation. The ' other
coaches followed suit, lashing with ver-
bal taunts, shouting to their respective
charges advice that broke in angry fal-
settos. Buf the fury of the assault
was not checked until the scrub quar-
ter had carried the ball over the goal
line on an elusive slice just off tackle.

  “Varsity’s ball on her thirty-yard
line! Now show, something, show
something!” pleaded the head, coach.
Again the lines surged in a deadlock,
split in the center, and the varsity full
back smashed through for a first down.
The scrub quarter raced back and forth,
slapping the backs of his crouched line.
The following play found no vulnerable
point. Taunts and gibes, threats and
jeers added nothing to the varsity’s
tries at the line. An end run netted fif-
teen yards before the secondary defense
hauled down the varsity’s captain, and
then, as the scrub defense stiffened
from wing to wing, the full back
dropped back for a punt. It was
blocked, and a scrub end fell on it.
Again the quarter lashed his men into
a frenzy of attack,, a whirlwind of
pounding smashes and stilettolike
drives that beat back the dogged var-
sity.

  “Here, you scrub quarter, what’s
your name? Lance, eh? Know the
varsity signals? Jump in there and see
if you can whip some life into this
bunch of cripples!”

  Jeffrey Lance could no more have re-
^8A

pressed the elation in his eyes or the
smile that twisted his straight mouth
than he could have slowed up the sud-
den pulsebeats that the words had
spurred. For a year he had waited for
that call. A plethora of stars in the
back field and the damning evidence
of the scale beam in the training house
had conspired against him since fresh-
man year. He had worked his way to
Europe and back on a cattle ship in
the summer, and had reported back for
the first day of practice hard as a
wrought-iron nail and tipping the beam
for the first time over the hundred-and-
fifty-pound mark. Graduation had
stripped the back field of half its regu-
lars but Templeton, substitute quarter,
and Burnham, the ex-freshman star,
were slated by the college to fight it out
for the pivotal berth.

  Lance’s knees, soaked by the train-
er’s big sponge, flexed behind the line,
and his cleats bit intoXhe turf. A
quick survey of the line, an intuitive
decision, and to the savage chop of his
fists he rasped out his signal in that
driving bark that infused the weaken-
ing line with a new strength. Pound-
ing away at the tackles and guards,
fighting his way past the flanks with
his own knifelike sallies, shooting a
dazzling pass downfield at an unex-
pected stage, he turned the tide of bat-
tle until it flowed strong. Over the
steaming lines of jerseys he saw the
goal posts foreshorten. The head
coach, with the light of the discoverer
of an unknown territory in his eyes,
threw an arm about his shoulders and
shouted something in his ear. The
cries of the coaches, the individual ex-
hortations of the fight-maddened play-
ers sounded dim in his ears. He
needed every ounce of his faculties to
crown the whirlwind march with a
score now that the scrubs’ secondary
defense was close to the line. Two
plays back he had caught the distress
in the face of the scrubs* left tackle.
114

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “Eighteen—twelve—sixteen—eight!”
“Signal!” boomed the head coach.
“Eighteen—twelve—sixteen—eight!”
The ball shot from center, and he
slammed it into the cupped arms of his
left half. Through the right side
crashed a mass on tackle, and the left
half’s plunge landed the ball on the
one-yard line. The head coach rushed
up with his face distorted with rage.

  “Here, you young idiot, didn’t you
hear me call signal? You know what
that means? All right, then why in
blazes did you repeat it? I told you
to shoot a pass over the line as soon as
you got inside the ten-yard mark.”

  “I know.” And the quiet smile made
the head coach throw up his hands in
mock despair. “And I could see that
Simpkins was all in at left tackle, and
so I sent it at him.”

  The arms dropped, and then the jaw,
of the stupefied coach.

  “Oh, you did?” he sneered. “I sup-
pose you were playing football when
I was in short trousers. A helluva
quarter you’d be in a real game! You
can go back to the scrub and stay
there”—his voice rose in a helpless
splutter—“yes, stay there, you muti-
nous, bull-headed-”

  Lance dropped back as though the
infuriated head coach had struck him
in the mouth. His chin tilted up an
inch or so, and then he stood immo-
bile, his face white for all the tan of
the summer. His fists had clenched
spasmodically as the unforgetable, al-
literative epithet rolled out at the cli-
max of the tirade. His blazing eyes
held the other’s in a cold scorn, defiant,

truculent. Then, without a word, he

    / '

turned in the direction of the training
house. Some one barred his path, and
he was face to face with the trainer,
Jerry Craig. There was a mute appeal
in the old chap’s eyes, a wireless of
sympathy; and Lance turned short,
passed around the flank of the line, and
took his place back of the scrub.

  Templeton raced out from the side
lines, caught a whispered admonition
from the head coach, and shouted his
signals while his head was nodding in
understanding. And, in back of a line
whose faces showed their resentment
of the scene, Lance beat their backs
with his open palms, and there was a
quaver in his appeal: “Hold them,
scrub! Tear ’em up, you old dogs!”
that spelled breakers ahead before the
varsity should batter its way across
that yard of turf. Like a wall of con-
crete it - held against the three assaults
that Templeton, well schooled in fidel-
ity to instructions, launched against
Simpkins.

  “All over, three times around the
track,” growled the head coach, Lance
bent over with two of his mates to
help the prostrate, half-hysterical
Simpkins to his feet.

 “Oh, you Billy Simpkins!” he
crooned. “That was the gamest fight

I	ever saw on the old field. That’s the
stuff that will lick the Blue. Billy, I
could kiss you if you were strong
enough to stand it.”

  “Cut it out, Jeff!” mumbled the
abashed tackle. “This man’s outfit isn’t
going to lick the Blue, or even the
Green, until it knows a fighting quarter
and not a megaphone when they see
one. You could make a grasshopper
out of an Egyptian scarab. And that
mucker of a head coach, fellows,” as
the scrub gathered about them in a
close circle, “apologizes to Lance, here,
or they’ll have to get a new scrub. Does
that go?”

  “No, Billy,” Lance cut in. “I don’t
want an apology. What is an apology
from a mucker? I’ll get him, man to
man, the day we break training. We’ll
stick, and we’ll show the varsity some
football. Are you with me?”

  The combined effects of Jeffrey
Lance’s counsel, the invigorating
douche of the showers, and the sooth-
ing oils of the scrub “rubbers”
THE MUTINEER

115

kneaded into aching sinews quelled the
incipient mutiny. But there was treas-
ured up a smoldering resentment of the
head coach’s methods and a dogged
ambition to show up the varsity. The
leading spirits of the scrub gathered at
Lance’s rOom that night to pour out
afresh the vials of their discontent.
The process was at flood tide when
Jerry Craig dropped in. Jerry was
regarded by both varsity and scrub with
a confidence that would have amazed
the coaching staff had it known its
depth. With a sound strategy and the
inborn faculty of gauging a team’s sa-
lient strength and frailties he had also
developed to the same uncanny point
the trick of turning up latent brilliancy
that the lynx-eyed coaches often over-
looked. That evening he had divined
the need of an older head and a sym-
pathetic mentor to stem the insubordi-
nate tide in the Orange’s ranks. He
listened in patient silence to the sting*
ing comment that crackled from group
to group, and to himself admitted the
justice of its basis. Confident in the
assurance that Jerry would betray no
verbal outbreaks, the comment was un-
sparing and bitter. He cupped his
hands about the match that flared over
the bowl of his pipe and drew the
smoke into his lungs before he cut
in with the longest speech that he had
delivered within the decade.

  “The one long cry in college, boys,”
he began, in a quiet voice that stilled
the tumult, “from the first day of prac-
tice to the last day of the season is ‘We
must beat the Blue/ Very well. It’s
up to you boys to help make that threat
good. The team hasn’t found itself, but

I	never saw a better lot of material.”
His hard blue eyes shone in the shift-
ing lights like blazing gems. The lines
of his keen, lean face were vivid with
the same inner fire. “Play the game
you did to-day with Lance leading the
attack and stiffening up the defense,
and when the time comes the varsity

will have caught the contagion of it
just as sure as God made little apples.
And then”—his voice went soft, but
thrilled with its conviction—“if the
varsity can have Lance in its line-up,
we ‘will beat the Blue/ This goes no
further, boys. I never talked to you
like this before. But there’s been too
much reliance on the side-line dope; too
much loading a quarter from his head
guard to his cleats with orders. We’ve
got to have a quarter big enough to take
the helm in his own hands and not wait
for the pilot to come aboard with his
chart. We’ve got to have one who’ll
drive the varsity straight through the
Blue breakers ahead when defeat is
staring at him, straight ahead and be-
tween the goal posts! Rally behind
Lance, and, mark my words, he’ll be
out on that field before the Blue game is
over, and every ounce that you give
him until then will come back in a ton
of fight.”

  He left behind him a silence that
they were slow to break. One by one,
with muttered “So long, fellows,” they
took their leave. Lance, his head sunk
between his hands, clenched his fists
and shook them at the open fire. “I’ll
stand it for old Jerry,” he breathed,

“but afterward-” A grim smile

took the place of the unuttered thought.

  The Green, in a driving rain, played
the varsity to a standstill. With a wet
ball and a treacherous footing, the game
resolved into a test of fundamentals,
and well-laid plans of strategy went by
the board. The Green, better grounded
in fundamentals, was weak in her sub-
stitutes ; and the Orange, feeding them
into the firing line with prodigal hand,
was able to stem the marches of the
mountaineers when they threatened de-
feat.

  The week intervening before the
Crimson battle found the vanguard of
old varsity stars rallying to the field
in answer to the £all of distress.
Schooled in conflicting systems that
116

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

had marked the progress of two dec-
ades, they harried the linesmen with
new pointers on defense. Backs whose
names had crackled to fame at the end
of the long rocket cheer drove the back
field to savage despair by the same tac-
tics. The old fatuous system bred a
feeling of insecurity that bordered on
panic. The head coach drew on secret
reservoirs of sarcasm and invective, and
the varsity played with a sullen, cheer-
less endeavor that drove him to con-
fide to his corps of helpers:

  “These fellows don’t play for the fun
of it the way we did. Blast me if they
don’t seem to hate football! What’s
wrong with the college ? Where’s the
old spirit ? They’ve got about as much
‘pep’ as a man sentenced to jail for
life.”

  That week Lance drove the scrub
against the varsity in three grueling
scrimmages with a fury that counter-
balanced superior weight and class.
They scored for him with a frequency
that sent the news to the Crimson camp
that “the Orange defense is shot to
pieces.” The last hard practice was
held on Thursday, and that night Lance
and Simpkins were in the big squad
that left for the North. Burnham, the
sophomore quarter who had crowded
Templeton for his berth, had pulled a
tendon in the last five minutes of play;
and Simpkins, who had outwitted the
first-string tackle substitutes on attack
and defense, was sorely needed to bol-
ster up the line.

  Wrapped in his blanket on the side
lines, Lance was oblivious to the color
and pulsing life of the Crimson sta-
dium. He was following plays with an
eye that was searching for flaws in the
Crimson’s heralded defense. Uncon-
sciously his lips moved to the signals
a shade before Templeton’s call rang
across field. A hollow feeling gripped
him in the pit of his stomach as the
Crimson’s defense outwitted the inane
convention of Templeton’s strategy.

But Templeton, he admitted in all fair-
ness, had been drilled until letter per-
fect in the plays for midfield, the plays
inside the twenty-yard line, the plays
to use on certain downs after certain
games. His was the strategy manufac-
tured for weeks ahead. It had no al-
ternative for the quick, shifting crises
of a big game save for an ear always
attuned for the bits of advice that drib-
bled out from the side lines with each
substitution.

  The first half, to the uninitiated,
ended with the Crimson but a shade
the better team. Lance knew that the
Crimson quarter was trying out the
Orange line from wing to wing, show-
ing nothing to the Blue scouts until the
time should come. In the third quarter
the Crimson leader unleashed a blind-
ing, feinting, thrusting resiliency of
attack that tore great gaps in the Or-
ange line. The last quarter found the
Orange striving with the desperation
of a beaten team to cross the unsullied
Crimson goal. The long punts of the
Crimson’s great kicker offset it all with
drives that crowded the Orange jerseys
always back toward their goal posts.
Twice Lance caught the eye of the
head coach resting on him in unsettled
decision, but the Crimson game ended
and the varsity letter was still denied
him.

  There were times in the short week
following the team’s return when the,
varsity, goaded to fury by memories of
those Crimson touchdowns and goals
from the field iossed the battling scrub
about as the Crimson had humbled it
only to lapse back into indifferent play.
Near the close of the final scrimmage,
Lance jumped out at the sharp call of
the head coaeh. The varsity answered
to his hand on the helm with a fire and
snap, and a machinelike drive that sent
the undergraduate body into a delirium
of hope that the team had found itself
on the eve of its greatest battle.

  Signal practice on the final day, how-
THE MUTINEER

117

ever, found Templeton the head coach’s
choice. “Lance will be ripe in another
season,” he had told the advisory board.
“Templeton has the steadiness for a big
game. He’ll carry out orders to the last
word.”

  The Blue scored in the first quarter
of that memorable game on a daring
pass. Lance groaned as he saw the
Orange ends drawn completely in and
the secondary defense smothered while
the ball shot across the goal line for
the touchdown. Then the Blue took a
leaf out of the book that had served
the Crimson so well. The blond-headed
full back sent the ball booming over
the white lines for a mighty drive of
fifty-five yards. Templeton called for
a punt after a try that showed the Blue
line adamant. Again the blond giant
swung his kicking foot to the level of
his head, and when the teams lined up
the pigskin lay ten yards nearer the
Orange goal. Lance groaned again
as the Orange backs massed once for a
futile attack and Templeton called for
a kick.

  “Where’s the fight in that back
field?” he wailed to Billy Simpkins.
“Why doesn’t he smash away at them
or take a chance on a pass, even if the
play is in our territory ? Look at that
Blue secondary defense, Billy; they’re
no more looking for a forward pass
than a blizzard.”

  “Orders,” grunted Billy. “Smash
once and then kick. Keep it up until
some accident of the game gives us
the ball down in their territory. Don’t
we all know it by heart? They know
it on the Blue team just as well as we
do. Why should they worry?”

  Another exchange of punts, a fif-
teen-yard return, a vicious drive at the
Orange’s left flank, and the Blue full
back dropped ten yards behind his
crouching line. With an ease that
started a wave of despair rolling from
end to end of the Orange stands on the
west, and converted the Blue stands on

the east into a maelstrom of hysterical
joy, he shot the ball over the bar with
a force that carried it far up in the
south stand.

 “Nine to nothing,” Lance said
quietly, “and we haven’t shown a thing.
Outkicked, outplayed on the defense,
and the game young.”

  “Yes, and outgeneraled,” growled the
substitute tackle.

  Lance grinned in spite of the gloom
that hung like a cloud over the Orange
side line. In Billy Simpkins’ simple
soul, he knew, his generalship was en-
shrined as a sacred thing.

  The Blue quarter shot another daz-
zling pass two minutes after the second
quarter began, this time to one of his
ends. The receiver, unhurried and de-
liberate to an extent that incited cries
of protest from the Blue stands,
stopped dead in his tracks as the Orange
tacklers swarmed about him. Then his
arm swung like a scythe, and the ball
spiraled on its axis in a yellow streak
across field to a waiting tackle. Carey,
the swiftest back on the field, hauled
down the; fleeing receiver on the Or-
ange’s fifteen-yard line. The Orange
stands were up in a frenzied cheer for
Carey, and the cheer leaders gathered
their energies into a long cheer that
hurled defiance at their equally jubilant
rivals. Again the masterful toe of the
blond giant sent the ball hurtling end
over end for a goal that offered little
test for his supreme skill.

  “We need two touchdowns to tie,”
was Lance’s grim comment.

  “Yes, and a fat chance,” retorted
Simpkins. “Watch us do it again—a
try at the line, a kick, and that big
whale outpunting us ten yards to a
clip.”

  “There’s only one way to do it,”
ventured Lance, “and that’s to rush it,
rush it! Don’t let them have a smell
at it.”

  Unconsciously his clenched fists
were beating a tattoo on his knees, and
118

THE <POVULA<R MAGAZINE

his voice rose above the sullen hum of
the sweatered substitutes on the low
benches. The head coach looked
sharply around.

  Up and down the field the ball shut-
tled, weaving from full back to a wait-
ing back. Another dull boom, and a
Blue back would take the swirling pig-
skin on the run, elude a flying tackle,
measure his length on the turf, and
turn the ball over with a happy grin
to the chunky Blue center. Another
thud, and the Blue ends, racing with
heads cocked over shoulder to watch
the flight, would convoy the fifty-five-
yard punt downfield.

  “They haven’t shown what they can
do if they start to run the ball,” Billy
Simpkins shouted against the storm of
cheers that followed the teams off field
at the end of the half.

  “They don’t have to,” yelled Lance
in his ear. “May keep it under cover
with the Crimson scouts out in force.
You know what they did to the Brown
last Saturday when they had to.”

  The head coach read the riot act be-
tween halves, revising it with words
that scorched and seared. Lance saw
Hathaway, the varsity captain, lift tor-
tured eyes to the lines of jerseys and
moleskins that ranged down the center
of the room. Their looks met, and
Lance flashed back a brave smile that
relaxed the tortured lines into a faint
smile. He waited at the steps as the
varsity filed out, and caught Hatha-
way’s arm.

  “You can do it, cap,” he urged.
“Their ends are playing too wide.
Drive some plays off tackle, and cut
out the kicking game. Rush the ball,
cap; rush it!”

  Hathaway gulped as though the hard
words of the head coach had fastened
their humiliation on his throat muscles.
“We’ve got our orders, Jeff,” he mum-
bled thickly. “Wre’re not to rush it
until we cross midfield.”

  The Blue quarter chose to cut loose

his attack on the first scrimmage of
the half—a powerful, versatile attack.
Its power shattered the disintegrating
defense. The staffs of the linesmen
dipped like lances at rest, and moved
downfield to a march of first downs that
threw the Blue supporters into a de-
lirium of ecstasy. There was no stop-
ping that relentless, machinelike drive.
The full-throated cheers of triumph
swelled out in a volume that drowned
the high-pitched pleadings * of the
Orange legions to “Hold them, Orange;
hold them!”

  The march ended in a touchdown in
the far corner of the field, and, when
the blond full back missed the difficult
try for goal, the Blue accepted the
loss of the point with a good humor
that drove home deeper the iron of
impending defeat.

  “Seventeen to nothing!” lamented
Simpkins. “It’s all over, Jeff, but the
post-mortems.”

  “Why don’t they throw the dope
overboard, and fight, fight, fight?”
Lance stormed back.

  The Blue rushed in a covey of sub-
stitutes—clean-limbed, muscular, ar-
dent athletes—and their impetuous spur
started the shuttling, pounding advance
afresh. There was a brief check, a re-
trieved fumble, and the Blue full back
lifted the ball close to the Orange goal
line. Templeton caught it, and for the
first time was loose on one of the
side-stepping, elusive sprints that had
featured his early-season form. He
flashed past tackier after tackier,
squirming, twisting, wheeling, but al-
ways going ahead. Hathaway was con-
voying him, and when a smashing tac-
kle tore his feet from under him on
the thirty-yard line, forty thousand for-
got their partisanship in a roaring trib-
ute. He lay inert as the Blue jerseys
disentangled themselves from the heap.
Two of his men lifted him to his feet,
and a wave of relief swept the Orange
benches as he started back to his place
THE MUTINEER

119

shouting the signal for the next play.
Then, as the line sank into position,
he crumpled in a heap on the turf.

  “Knee’s gone back on him again,”
was Lance’s quiet verdict, and he felt
his heart racing. Jerry Craig dashed
out on the field, and the head coach
caught his shoulder as he returned.

  “Knee’s twisted,” Lance heard him
say, “but I can patch him up for the
last quarter.” The head coach nodded
glumly, and turned to the benches.

  “Out with you, Lance!” he snapped.
“You know the dope.”

  But as Lance tore across the field his
plan of attack was clear to him. He
slapped the referee on the back with
a heavy hand, and the Blue thousands
broke into carefree laughter as the
sandy-haired official winced. His first
signal crackled out like a string of
giant firecrackers. A back shot off
tackle for a plunge that carried him to
the thirty-seven-yard line. Another,
and the full back plowed through cen-
ter for the first down that the Orange
had registered by straight rushing. The
linesmen pulled up their stakes with
seeming reluctance, and the Blue quar-
ter Jaughed and playfully slapped the
backs of his center men. On the next
play the Orange back field went cata-
pulting at the same point, but Lance
was clear of tackle, sprinting with a
fury that carried him clear of all but
the full back. Again the linesmen
moved their stakes, and the Orange
legions lifted up a mighty cheer.

  A substitute came sprinting across
field, tapped the referee’s shirt sleeve,
and whispered in Lance’s ear.

  “No, no!” he shouted back. “Get
in the line and play the game.”

  In seven more plays, his fists peril-
ously near the faces of his backs, he
pounded out cabalistic numbers that
had no place in the head coach’s cam-
paign, and drove the regenerated var-
sity over the Blue’s line. ' Hathaway
kicked an easy goal.

  Carey was downed on the kick-off
without gain, but Lance shot him out-
side tackle on the next play for an
eight-yard gain. Seventy yards away
lay the Blue goal. Another score and
the big lead would no longer be an in-
surmountable handicap. From close
formation he signaled for a wide pass.
The daring of the maneuver caught the
Blue flat-footed, and the Orange’s left
end threaded his way down the Orange
side lines for a gain of thirty yards.
The whistle shrilled for the end of the
quarter, and Lance saw Templeton
throw off his sweater and limp out to
the side line. Of all plays in the Orange
gamut, Lance knew that a forward
pass in the Orange territory was an-
athema and taboo. He wheeled and
caught Hathaway by the arm.

  “Do I run this team or not, cap?”
he snapped his ultimatum.

  Hathaway caught the glow of battle
in ^is eyes, and drew a sleeve of his
jersey across his grime-streaked face.

  “You do. Go to it, Jeff!” he snapped
back.

From the Blue side lines the regu-
lars poured back to stem the Orange’s
crazy tide. The battered Orange line,
now threaded with substitutes, caught
the reenforced Blue line on the charge,
bent it back, and opened a lane for
Carey. Another slice at tackle and
Lance was free. One sleeve of his
jersey was gone, and the bare arm
flashed out like a piston rod and caught
the diving tacklers off balance. With
his stiff arm checking their lunges and
his feet weaving in zigzag trails, hi
was headed straight for the goal, gain-
ing speed at every stride. The old
field rocked to the avalanche that
poured down from the Orange bul-
warks. On the side line Orange sweat-
ers were waving, cheer leaders were
spurring on their sections, and old stars
were dancing, throwing their arms
about each other in the abandon of the
120

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

realization that the despised team had
come back in a mighty rally.

  The guardian of the Blue goal posts
sprawled at full length on the turf, his
outstretched fingers clutching in vain
at the flying quarter. Hathaway
kicked the goal in a silence that told
of the significant tension that had set-
tled now on the warring legions.

  Again the Blue lined up for the kick-
off. One more touchdown by the amaz-
ing team that the unknown quarter
back with the torn jersey was lashing
to great deeds, and defeat would be
changed into a glorious victory. Up
in the somber Blue stand an old grad
roared in a voice husky with emotion:
“Touchdown, Blue!” The cry went
racing down the stands, and the Orange
shot it back in truculent defiance.
Lance was under the kick-off, and his
cloud of interferers swept down the
field like a sotnia of Cossacks. The
Blue regulars, still “cold” from their
wait on the side lines through the third
quarter, were caught flat-footed by a
tandem split. A substitute tore out
from the Blue benches to supplant the
outwitted left end. Lance grinned sar-
donically as he saw the flanks close in.
He shot another wide pass from close
formation, and Hathaway fought with
it to the forty-yard line. A Blue tackle
sifted through on the next play and
downed Carey for a loss. Lance tapped
the Orange tackle on the arm. “You’ve
played yourself off your feet, Tommy,
old boy,” he said. “Tell Simpkins I
want him, and if they try to stop him
tell him to come in spite of hell and
high water.”

  The tackle shuffled off, heartbroken,
and his name crackled out thrice as he
dove under his blanket to hide the tears.
Simpkins, full of fight as a hungry
bear, opened up a gap through which
Hathaway retrieved the lost distance.
Lance gave the next signal with a de-
termination that bit through jerseys
and moleskins like a vial of acid. The

  line ahead of him went taut as a strand
of wire. The big Blue line buckled,
broke, and Carey knifed through for a
first down.

  In the stands organized cheering had
gone by the boards. Cheer leaders
were swaying from side to side like
madmen, tumbling to the turf like over-
wrought dervishes, and the torrent of
noise came out to the playing field in
a crazy, discordant volume. Lance,
deaf to its tumult, could hear only the
panting of the Blue forwards; could
see that the face of the Blue quarter
had gone drawn and haggard. There
was no answering mercy in the call that
rolled out for the fight-maddened
Orange. The timekeeper had raced out
and shouted: “Three minutes of
play!”

 Like madmen who yet had every
faculty under control his line answered
that signal. It lunged forward in a
close-welded wall, split at left guard,
and through the breach an Orange back
stormed for a first down. Lance picked
him up, and for weeks afterward he
could picture the creases in the run-
ner’s neck, lined with the grime of bat-
tle. His roving eye caught the Blue’s
right end edging wide again, but he
hurled Hathaway into the line.

  “Now, Orange!” he yelled. The elec-
tric tone of that vibrant call steeled
them for a supreme assault. Into cen-
ter the big full back smashed, the lines
surged like charging breakers meeting,
and Lance was off with the keenness
of a rapier thrust. The Blue’s quarter
met him head on and stopped him just
inside the ten-yard line. Another feint
at the low-crouched Blue line, now
fighting with the desperation of devils;
the desperate, unyielding shock of
giants, and, from behind the line, Lance
shot a pass to Carey. It danced for
an instant on his upthrust finger tips
as he flashed over the goal line, and
the Blue quarter leaped like a hound
for the loose ball.
THE MUTINEER

121

  They went down together with a
crash, and Carey turned his face side-
ways with a blissful grin that told
Lance the ball was safe beneath his
jersey.

  The score was tied. Hathaway,
while the bedlam rose and fell only
to soar to crazier heights, measured
his kick with the aplomb of a gunner
laying his piece for a telling shot. His
foot swung back in a lazy arc. The
Blue line swept forward, the foot bit
sharp into the base of the ball in
Lance’s cupped hand, and soared to
victory for the Orange in a curve of
flashing yellow.

  Outside the training house the jubi-
lant Orange cohorts massed for a vol-
ley of cheers.

  They broke into a room around
which the varsity squad was ranged in
an impenetrable double rank, and the
strange silence was broken by Lance’s
vibrant refusal to take the outstretched
hand of the head coach.

  “No, not on your life, you low
hound! I’ll shake hands with no man
who called me the name you did the
day you threw me back into the scrub.
I kept in the game only to help out
the varsity, not you, and I’ve waited
for this day with but one thought be-
yond that. Well, we beat the Blue,
and now put up your hands, you cow-
ard !”

  One of the old stars tried to break
through with a sharp remonstrance, but
Simpkins pushed him back. “You keep
out of this!” growled Simpkins.

  The head coach looked Lance full
in the face, and then turned slowly,
so that his blazing eyes took in the
whole squad. He tore off his coat,
tossed it to one of them, and faced
Lance.

  “You haven’t a chance with me,
Lance. I’ve got thirty pounds on you,
and you’ve just finished the hardest
game the old field has ever seen. But
you’ve called me a hound and a cow-

ard, and if it will clear the air I’m
game. Come on !”

  It was a hard, short fight, with blows
that landed with the impact of sledge
smashes; blows that each took unflinch-
ing. The head coach’s mouth dripped
with blood where one of Lance’s chop-
ping fists had caught him. Above the
silence of the room their breathing
came hard and fast. The head coach
stepped back with the agility of a pan-
ther, his right shot for Lance’s stom-
ach as he followed, and as Lance’s
guard dropped to block it the left
smote Lance full on the point of his
jaw. It sent him reeling over a bench,
and there he lay, inert. One of the
old stars broke through the relaxed
lines, and his stern words quelled the
angry mutterings.

  “Not a - word of this outside!” he
commanded. “Get Lance up, and then
get dressed and out of here!”

  Lance stirred before they could
carry out the orders, and he was smil-
ing, with lips twisted in pain, when he
found his feet unsteadily.

  “We’re quits,” he said, and put out
his hand. The head coach caught it
in a grip that recked little of the twisted
lips. “You were in the right, Jeff
Lance,” he said quietly, “right from
the start. If you can forget it I’d
like to come back next fall and work
with you. We’ll trim the Blue before
they ever get started. Do you want
me ?”

  “I? I’ve got nothing to do with it,”
Lance stammered.

  “Yes, you’ve got everything to do
with it,” the words rushed from the
head coach, heedless of the thin, red
trickle. “You’re going to captain the
team next fall or I don’t know the
old Orange spirit that we old chaps
thought was dead. Do you want me?”

  Lance’s quick “yes” was lost in the
roar of welcome that the varsity sent
up for the new captain and head coach
of the Orange.
THE UNDISCOVERED CONTINENT

RECENTLY in several of the great Eastern States the question of votes
for women was voted on, and it was decided that for the present women
were not to vote in the big dense centers of population. This is by no
means a defeat for those women who want the vote. The fact that the
question became an election issue of interest instead of a joke in such States as
New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania is an indubitable sign of a rising tide.
How far it will rise no one can say, but it is surely coming in. It is really already
too late to argue for or against. The nucleus of the average political organization
-—which is patronage—is lacking to those who want votes for women, and yet
their strength is growing. It is unlikely that there is anything artificial or
spasmodic about such a growth. More probably it is the outward expression
of a new idea which is growing in the mind and soul of our democracy. Is
it a good idea or a bad? With all due respect to those who argue pro and con,
we think that no one knows. The surest ground upon which to stand is that
the idea seems to be an expansion of the democratic ideal which gives the vote
to as many people as possible. But will the women turn out to be conserva-
tives or radicals? Will they vote with the men or against? What’s the differ-
ence between a man and a woman as a voter, anyway? No one knows, because
it hasn’t been tried enough yet; but it’s anybody’s guess. What do you think?

THE USES OF ADVERSITY

WONDERFUL are the benefits of adversity. Not many years ago the
South raised bumper crop after bumper crop of cotton, and the price
of the staple fell to so low a figure that it did not cover the cost of
production. The South faced ruin, or thought so. Cotton had been
its one stand-by, its money crop, and the world had more cotton than the mills
could spin. When the situation seemed utterly hopeless, a demand for cotton
came from unthought-of quarters. Its cheapness forced it upon the attention
of manufacturers who never before had considered cotton possible. To-day
cotton is used in hundreds of industries it didn’t know before its days of
CAUGHT IN THB NET

123

adversity. Nothing.in all the history of King Cotton was better for the cotton
planter than those years of depression in the late nineties.

    So, too, with gas. It is one hundred years since gas came into use. A
quarter of a century ago the advent of electricity seemed to mark its doom.
For ten years its position was perilous. To-day its use is many times greater
than before electricity was introduced. Adversity forced its makers to find
new fields for its use. It has made a sphere for itself in the realm of heating
and in the minor lines of power.

    The household use of gas, not only for cooking, but for laundry work,
supplying hot water for the bath and dozens of domestic needs, auxiliary house
heating, et cetera, has expanded enormously. There are to-day few city-dwelling
families—whether wealthy, well-to-do, of moderate means, or poor—that do
not cook their meals with gas. The modern housewife considers her gas range
her most dependable servant. So, too, gas has been employed for cooking in
hotels, restaurants, lunch rooms, hospitals, clubs, and public and private institu-
tions where large numbers of persons are fed daily. Its greatest use, however,
promises to be in the field of manufacturing.

    There are a thousand different ways in which it is utilized in the industries.
Its activities run all the way from turning out heavy metal work, building an
automobile, and helping to print a daily newspaper to drying a photograph plate,
curling a feather for a woman's hat, and fashioning the delicate point of a
fountain pen.

    In the manufacture of clothing, in which New York City, with an annual
output of three hundred million dollars, leads the world, there is scarcely an
important process of any kind that is not dependent upon gas. Not only is
it used for steaming, cleaning, and pressing, but for shrinking, dyeing, singeing,
spraying, crimping, plaiting, stamping, and so on.

    With ingenious appliances, wood is dried and bent, flavorings and sirups are
made, silver is embossed and plated, and a hundred and one other interesting
industrial processes are accomplished. By means of gas, stained glass is bent
into the most delicate shapes, thermometers are made, automobile tires are
heated and adjusted, eggs are candled, grain is dried, butter is renovated, motor-
car bodies are baked, coffee is roasted, aeroplane and automobile radiators are
put together, liquids are pasteurized, cravats are ironed, china is fired, bank
notes are restored to their original cleanliness, ice-cream cones are produced in
enormous quantities, candy of all sorts and kinds is manufactured by the ton,
sugar is refined, meats are smoked and boiled, engagement rings are fashioned,
fruits are preserved, false teeth are contrived, and so on ad infinitum.

    The examples of cotton and of gas carry a lesson to men. What seems to
be adversity not infrequently is a blessing in disguise. It makes us rise to
higher things.

A PEANUT PARADISE

GAMBIA enjoys the distinction not only of being Great Britain’s smallest
colony in Africa, but of being the richest. There are other colonies rich
in gold, rich in diamonds, rich in rubber and in copper, but in comparison
with little-known Gambia they are poor. The peanut—the “goober,” as
the people of our Southern States call it—has made Gambia so wealthy that of
all the colonies or the governments of Africa it alone owes not a penny. In
124

THE cPOcPULAcR. MAGAZINE

fact, it has one million dollars in its .treasury. Compared with other parts of
equatorial Africa it is a paradise,*for its public roads are good, and, wonder of
wonders, it has a twejitieth-century water system, with filtration plant, water
mains, hydrants along the streets of Bathurst, pipes in the houses, and a foun-
tain in the city square.

    In all Gambia there are less people than in Worcester, Massachusetts. The
colony is but two narrow strips of territory along the river from which it takes
its name, with Senegal on three sides and the Atlantic Ocean on the other.
Nowhere in the world does the peanut grow so abundantly and so well. Outside
of Bathurst, the capital, perhaps ninety per cent of the inhabitants raise peanuts.
To gather the crop is a great undertaking—how great may be appreciated from the
fact that the peanuts exported average nearly seventy thousand tons a year, and
that means one thousand pounds of peanuts for every man, woman, and child in
the land. This one crop brings an average of more than three million dollars
a year to this little colony, and, as a general thing, the imports do not exceed
two and a quarter million dollars, so that each year Gambia adds to its wealth
and its comforts. These comforts are not elaborate, for the native has not been
spoiled thus far. He has a longing for gayly colored calicoes and plug hats, but
is not foolish in that respect. He likes rum, too, but is not inclined to be intem-
perate. Sugar and tobacco he craves, and their uses are broadening constantly.
Aside from cotton goods, the principal items of imports are hardware and
rice. The hardware is made up almost entirely of the three-legged iron pot of
familiar memory. Everything is cooked in the three-legged pot, and all mem-
bers of the household explore its depths for whatever may appeal to the individual
taste.	,

    Life has few problems for the Senegambians. They need few clothes, and
fashions rarely change. The great river yields an abundance of fish, and the
peanut brings them more money than they require for all their needs. Every day
is a holiday except the time of planting and gathering the crop.

    But peril awaits them. The automobile has discovered their paradise, and
the chug of the motor is heard along the river‘roads. Worse than that, the intro-
duction of the water system has led some of the residents of Bathurst to put
in bathtubs. Soap is looming up among the articles of import. They are rich
to-day, but waterworks and bathtubs mean plumbers’ supplies and plumbers.
The chauffeur and the plumber *may bring woe to Gambia.

RAILROAD INVESTMENTS

WHEN the Argentine republic floated a loan in New York recently, the
Norfolk & Western Railway was one of the subscribers. It may seem
odd for a North American transportation company to be lending money
to a South American government, but the fact is that a lot* of railroad
money goes into short-time notes and gilt-edge bonds. It is better so invested
than to remain idle in banks.

    To show how widely a railroad distributes its investments and what a variety
of securities it picks up, this same Norfolk & Western may serve as an example.
In addition to participation to the extent of $270,000 in the Argentine loan, it
holds $1,150,000 of the bonds of Newark, N. J., $1,340,000 of the bonds and
CAUGHT IN THE NET

125

notes of New York City, $1,120,000 of the notes of Schenectady, N. Y., $200,000
of the notes of Toronto, Canada, $300,000 of the notes of Troy, N. Y., $200,000
of the notes of New Orleans, $125,000 of the notes of Pawtucket, R. I., $230,000
of the notes of Somerville, Mass., $301,000 of the bonds of Yonkers, N. Y.,
$242,000 of the notes of Durham, N. C., together with bonds and notes of Atlanta,
Ga., Atlantic City, N. J., Albany County, N. Y., Barberton, Ohio, Boston, Mass.,
Buncombe County, N. C., Buffalo, N. Y., The Canadian Northern Railway, The
Canadian Pacific, Chattanooga, Tenn., Charlotte, N. C., Chester, Pa., Chicago,
111., Chicopee, Mass., Cleveland, Ohio, Cumberland County, N. J., Fall River,
Mass., the State of Georgia, Harrisburg, Pa., Holyoke, Mass., Ithaca, N. Y.,
Johnson City, Tenn., Kansas City, Mo., Lynn, Mass., Manchester, Conn., Marion,
Ohio, the State of Massachusetts, Mecklenberg County, N. C., Memphis, Tenn.,
Milton, Mass., Minneapolis, Minn., Montgomery, Ala., Morris County, N. J.,
Mount Albion, Pa., Mount Kisco, N. Y., New Britain, Conn., Ocean City, N. J.,
Ossining, N. Y., Peabody, Mass., Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Pa., Rome, Ga., St.
Cloud, Minn., Salt Lake City, Utah, Seattle, Wash., Seneca Falls, N. Y., Swarth-
more, Pa., Syracuse, N. Y., Vicksburgh, Miss., Waco, Texas, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.,
Wilmington, N. C., and York County, Pa.

    It owns part of the bond issue.of a West Virginia hospital and the water
works of Coatesville, Pa.

    All this is in addition to investments in coal mines and other industrial
establishments along its route.

    The short-term investments—that is, the ownership of bonds and notes to
mature within six or eight months—of this one railroad aggregate $9,679,726.
Last year, at this time, it amounted to more than $12,000,000.

    Only railroads that are prosperous have surplus funds to employ so ad-
vantageously, but those so situated are able to average five or six per cent on such
money as they have to spare, whereas formerly they got little from it except the
thanks of the bankers and, possibly, two per cent.

     FIGHTING ON THE DIAMOND BELT

DIAMONDS are not so much in demand as they used to be—at least, there
has been a slump in sales since the war began. But they are still highly
regarded. I11 South Africa, however, they are “as common as dirt.”

           Two squadrons of British troops literally walked on diamonds for
a week during a trek that they made recently in Southwest Africa. At every halt
the soldiers sought for precious stones, and many really valuable gems were
picked up. One trooper who knew diamonds in the rough garnered seventy-five
in the course of the march.

    The region that was traversed—and which has been the scene of some
fighting of which only faint echoes have reached us here—is one of the largest
diamond belts in the world. It is desolate in the extreme—a desert of rocks and
sand where the sun beats pitilessly and the wind comes in gusts like blasts from
an open furnace. Yet there are many mines there—mostly primitive workings.
To win the gems from the gaunt soil is an incessant battle with the forces of
nature. It is a land where rain never falls. The diamonds are obtained only
through sifting endlessly the dry-as-ashes earth.
The Luck of Captain Slocum

 By H. de Vere Stacpoole

 Author of “The Pearl Fishers, ” “The BuccaneersEtc.

IV.™THE BEAZLEYS

LIFE, when you have lived in the
world for a good many years,
is a most extraordinary spectacle
to look back upon if you have
vision and a certain amount of philos-
ophy. You will see men who were
tottering twenty years ago firm and
successful to-day; you will see to-day
wrecks that twenty years ago were men
of promise, and if you have knowledge,
as well as vision and philosophy, you
will know that the three things that
affect men most deeply for good or ill
are circumstance, a woman, or a child.

  The story of many a man’s success,
is simply the story of a tug of war
between a woman and drink, the man
being the rope; and the power of a
child, who can appraise it ? Circum-
stance is a different matter; it is the
great voipe tfrat envelopes and contends
with all of us, and it is never more
dangerous than when it appears under
the guise of success.

  One blue and gold morning, while
the palm trees were bending to the
warm trade wind, and the Pacific,
creaming against the outer reef, filled
the air with its slumber song, a topsail
schooner of some ninety tons and with
the name Tamalpais painted in fair
white letters on her counter, passed
through the reef opening and came to
anchor opposite the beach of Nen-
kohee.

  A new arrival was always an event
at Nenkohee, and scarcely had the rum-

ble tumble of the anchor chain-ceased
echoirf^ from the woods and cliffs than
the beach became alive. From the
pretty little town, bowered and half
hidden by pandanus and coconut
groves, idlers began to trickle down the
waterside, natives stood on the blazing
white sands shading their eyes, the in-
evitable beach comber, scratching him-
self awake, sat up to smoke and criti-
cize the newcomers, whoever they
might be, while from the mole—half
mole, half boat slip—the port officer
put off in a big white scow.

  Beazley, the new trader, who had
come to live-at Nenkohee, stood on the
deck of the Tamalpais watching all
this, wondering at the beauty of the
place, and talking to the captain.

  Beazley was a nice-looking young
fellow of about twenty-eight; his wife,
down below getting things together for
landing, was a woman slightly older
than he, a little woman with brown
eyes, a practical but kindly disposition,
and endowed with the most valuable
dot that woman ever brought to hus-
band—plenty of common sense.

  It was a love match, and this was
their first great venture in life. All their
money was in the trade on board the
Tamalpais and all their hopes. Beaz-
ley had bought the good will of a trad-
ing station, and he had the Tamalpais,
which belonged to his father, or, at
least, the use of her for trading pur-
poses.

This series-began in the POPULAR MAGAZINE for November 20.
THE LUCK OF CAPTAIN SLOCUM

127

  “That’s MacAdam,” said the captain
of the Tamalpais as the port officer’s
boat rowed toward them. “It’s four
years since I’ve been to this island, but
I haven’t forgot him. He’s port officer
and doctor and all; there ain’t no doc-
tor here. Good morning, Mr. Mac-
Adam, and how’s yourself?”

  As MacAdam came on board, Mrs.
Beazley appeared from the saloon
hatch.

  “Good morning,” said MacAdam.
“Why, it’s Captain Towler. No, cap,

I haven’t forgot you; thought I knew
the schooner, too. Sort of sensed her
as she passed the reef, but couldn’t
clap a name on her.”

  “This is Mr. Beazley,” said Towler,
“come to take up a tradin’ station—
and Mrs. Beazley. Here’s the lady just
come on deck.”

  MacAdam scraped up his best bow.
“Glad to see you, sir,” said he to
Beazley, “but which trading station
have you come to take, for there’s only
one here, and that belongs to Captain
Slocum.”

  “I’ve got a letter of introduction to
him,” said Beazley. “The station I’m
after belongs to Mr. Will Lewin, or
belonged to him before he sold me the
good will of the place and the house;
that was three months ago.”

  There was a hencoop fastened to the
port bulwark, and MacAdam sat down
on it as though afflicted by some sud-
den weakness of the legs.

  “Will Lewin sold you a house here
and the good will of a trading station,”
said he, “three months ago. Why, it’s
two and a half years since Lewin left
this island, he and Sakers—pair of
scamps—and he had no house to sell
'then, only one he rented, and as for
his trading station, why, there’s none;
you’ve been done, sir.”

  “Oh, George!” said Mrs. Beazley.
She was just going to say, “I told
you to beware of Lewin,” but she
checked herself. Beazley flushed.

  It is a hard thing for a man to be
told to his face that he has been done,
harder still if his wife is present, and
hardest of all under the conditions in
which Beazley received the news.

  For here he was in a strange place,
at the end of a long voyage, with all
his future prospects at stake, and the
well-being of his wife.

  Beazley, despite his pleasant appear-
ance, was a fighting man. There was
Welsh blood in his veins and a spice
of ferocity derived from red-headed
heathen who had clubbed and stabbed
one another around the hills of Mar-
gam in days long forgotten.

  “Well,” he said, “it seems I am—
from what you say. But the price I
paid for house and good will wasn’t
much, and it was worth it to bring us
to such a pretty place as this.”

  “More than worth it,” said the plucky
little wife, looking over the water at
Ninea with a cold chill at her heart.
Perhaps it was the setback, but it
seemed to her that all that beauty
was inimical to them. Yet not for a
moment was she daunted. She had
American blood in her veins as well as
Scotch, and that combination is hard
to beat.

  “Well,” said MacAdam, “it’s pretty
enough and healthy enough, too, and
that reminds me, cap. I’ve come to
inquire after your bill of health.”
“You’ll find it clean enough,” said
the captain. “Come on down below
and have a glass of somethin’.”

  Down they went, and Beazley, tak-
ing his seat on the hencoop, talked to
his wife.

  “You told me you didn’t trust that
chap, Lewin,” said he. “Well, you
were right—and that’s a comfort. It
might have been worse, too. He didn’t
chisel me out of much, and as for
the house, if we can’t get one here I’ll
make a tent. I’m going to carry this
thing through.”

  “And you will,” said Mrs. Beazley.
128

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

  They waited, he seated on the hen-
coop, and she leaning on the rail watch-
ing the brilliant shore and the happy-
looking little town that held their fate
and their chance of prosperity in this
world. Then the captain and Mac-
Adam appeared from below, and Mac-
Adam, who seemed to take a friendly
sort of interest in the deluded ones,
offered to row them ashore in his boat.

  “It will be quicker than lowering one
of the ship’s boats,” said he, “and I can
put you up to things maybe, and show
you the way to a man who may be able
to let you a house. Martell is his name,
an old Frenchman, honest enough, too,
but a bit cantankerous.”

  He showed Mrs. Beazley over the
side, and, followed with her husband,
the rowers gave way and they ap-
proached the beach.

  It was Mrs. Beazley’s first acquaint-
ance with the wonderland of the Pacific
islands. They had touched at no port
since leaving Sydney, and now, as she
landed at the boat slip and walked on
to the white sand of the beach, she for-
got Lewin and MacAdam and all things
disagreeable and practical in the en-
chantment that suddenly seized her.

  It was like walking into heaven.
She could scarcely believe that all this
was real, that everyday people worked
and lived here and made money here,
and married and had children—and
died.

  Here, on the beach, the slight tang
of sea and ozone mixed and mingled
with the faint perfume of the earth
and a million growing things, the blaz-
ing white sands shouted back at the
blazing blue of the sea and sky, little
brown children ran naked, laughing and
happy, the wind bowed the palms and
blew the leaves of the artu and the
fronds of the tree fern.

  “I’ll show you the road to MartelPs
house,” said MacAdam, “and when you
have done with him you can make use
of mine till you are fixed, and if you’ll

come and have luncheon with me to-
day I’ll be very pleased. There’s no
hotel here.”

  They found the old Frenchman in
and fairly friendly. He sent a Kanaka
with them to show them the only place
he had to let. It was Lewin’s house
of old time, and rather gone to pieces,
but the godown Lewin had used for
storing his trade was in good repair.

   “It will do us finely,” said Mrs. Beaz-
ley, “and I’ll make it lovely with those
curtains and things we have brought,

. and, oh, what a sweet little garden!
Wait till you see it when I have been
over it with a spud and hoe. Take
the place, Jack. Don’t be put off by
the tumble-down look of the house. A
hundred dollars will make it a little
palace.”

  Beazley took the house that after-
noon, and with the help of MacAdam
secured native labor to help in repair-
ing it. The godown was in much bet-
ter condition. A day’s airing and an-
other day’s fumigating with a bonfire
of dry hibiscus sticks to drive out in-
sects and other undesirable tenants
made it fit to receive the trade goods
from the Tamalpais.

  Meanwhile, the Beazleys lived on
board the schooner, sleeping there at
night, breakfasting on board, and bring-
ing provisions with them on shore.

  After superintending the Kanakas
working on the house or in the garden
or those engaged in bringing the trade
on shore, they would have luncheon or
dinner, picnic fashion, on the beach or
in the woods.

  It was the time of the full moon,
which rose early these nights and lit
their return to the schooner.

  Navahoe by day was beautiful, but
on warm nights like this, with the moon
upon the palm trees and the fireflies
dancing on the fringe of the woods,
stars and moon making a mirror of the
anchorage, and the reef singing its
THE LUCK OF CAVTAIN SLOCUM

129

drowsy song, Navahoe was more than
beautiful.

  At least, so little Mrs. Beazley
thought as she leaned on the rail of
the Tamalpais, while Beazley, smoking
a cigar, leaned beside her, and they
talked and plotted and planned for the
future.

  Mrs. Beazley felt herself absolutely
outside the world that she knew. In
this place there was no post; letters
came occasionally by a “mail brigan-
tine” or a stray warship, and letters
placed in the pillar box by the club
would be collected and stored by Mac-
Adam and dispatched by a stray war-
ship or the mail brigantine, but you
could not be sure in your own mind
that anything you mailed would ever
reach the person you mailed it to. As
a matter of fact, the sense of uncer-
tainty was entirely an illusion. Noth-
ing in the world travels more surely
to its mark than a letter, whether you
post it at Nenkohee, in the sea letter
box at the Straits of Magellan, or in
the general post office of Chicago.
Still, Mrs. Beazley did not know this;
she only knew the illusion, and it fed
her sense of isolation.

  MacAdam had shown her the latest
newspaper on the day of their first
arrival. It was four months old. He
had shown it to her as a joke, for the
news of the world brought by the
Tamalpais was months fresher than
that.

  The feeling of loneliness begotten of
these things made the little woman
cling closer to her husband. They
were rarely apart, and, indeed, the so-
cial life at Nenkohee held out few in-
ducements to draw him away from her.

  There was the “club,” a drink shop
and little more; there were MacAdam
and old Monsieur Martell, both of
whom had their limitations, and lastly,
but not leastly, there was Captain Slo-
cum, known to all men as “The Cap-
tain.”

C9A

  Slocum was, in fact, the chief man
at Nenkohee.

  “Landed here two and a half years
ago, and more,” said MacAdam to
Beazley. “He brought ashore with him
a Kanaka baby he’d picked up in one
of the islands, set great store by it, and
called it his ‘Luck.’ Well, it certainly
was that in a way, for he’s been ex-
traordinary lucky in business here.
He’s got a schooner, the Contra Costa,
which does all his trading; he owns
it, and he’s got a fellow called Am-
brose who’s her captain and a sort of
partner, good business man, too, he is.
Slocum wasn’t a bad sort of old chap
when he came here first and had to
fight his way against Lewin and Sakers,
but since he knocked them out and
grew prosperous he’s got swelled head.”

  Beazley, it will be remembered, had
a letter of introduction to the captain
from Lewin. He had mentioned the
fact to MacAdam, who had forgotten
to warn him not to present it. The
innocent Beazley, though he knew that
Slocum and Lewin had been trade
rivals, little guessed the depth of
hatred that had lain between them. He
knew nothing of the contents of the let-
ter, which was sealed.

  One day, as he was drinking a glass
of lemonade at the club, the captain
came in and ordered a cocktail.

  The two men had not yet met, but
they knew one another by sight. The
captain, cock of the walk at Nenkohee,
violently resented the coming of an-
other trader. He had heard of the
Lewin business, and of how Lewin had
let Beazley down, and that knowledge
did not increase his respect for the new
man.

  He Was lifting his cocktail to his
lips when Beazley spoke.

  “Captain Slocum, I believe,” said
Beazley.

  The captain sipped his drink, and
placed it on the counter.
130

THE cP0cPULAcP MAGAZINE

  “Slocum’s my name,” said he. “And
what, may I ask, might yours be?”

  “Beazley,” replied the other. “And,
by the way, I have a letter of intro-
duction to you from a man called
Lewin. He served me a dirty trick, and
I don’t think he’s a particular friend
of yours; still, it may amuse you to
read it.”

  He took the letter from his pocket-
book, and handed it to Slocum.

  The captain took it, put on a pair of
old spectacles which he used on the
rare occasions when he had to read or
write, opened the envelope, and began
to spell over the contents, reading aloud
paragraphs here and there to himself,
utterly forgetful of the presence of
Beazley and the Kanaka behind the
bar:

  Hope you and your nigger baby are well
—keep off the drink, old grog-blossom, for
the bottle will be your rewin. If the Lord
hadn’t spoilt you in the bakin’ you might ’a’
been half a man.

  A nice sort of letter of introduction!

  “Why, blister it!” cried the captain
suddenly, dashing the letter and spec-
tacles down on the counter. “You’ve
got the face to bring me a letter like
this here and sit laffin’ at it. Don’t tell
me. I saw y’-”

  “I swear I did not know what was
in it,” said Beazley. “Yes, I was
laughing, but not at you. I was laugh-
ing at myself for having carted that
thing about in my pocket for the last
three months. Tear it up and forget
about it.”

  The captain put the letter back in
his pocket, then he put his spectacles
in their case, then he finished his cock-
tail, wiped his mouth on the back of
his hand, and moved to the door.

  “I’ll l’arn them as has no manners,”
said he, addressing no one in partic-
ular.

  Beazley went home and told his wife
the joke.

  It was no joke in reality, for he had

hit the captain on his swelled head,
and that is always a dangerous thing
to do, especially in the case of a man
like Slocum.

  Mrs. Beazley did not look on the
thing as a joke, however, especially
when she heard how Slocum had taken
it.

  “George,” said she, “you ought to go
and apologize.”

  “I—why, what have I done ?”
  “Apologize for laughing at him.”

  “I did. I explained that I was laugh-
ing at myself for having howked the
thing round so long.”

  “Well, I wish it had not occurred,”
said Mrs. Beazley.

  There was no use in wishing, how-
ever, and indeed the matter did not
make things, much worse for the Beaz-
leys for the reason that Captain Slocum
had “taken a down” on Beazley from
the first. MacAdam was right. Slo-
cum was suffering from that most de-
testable of all mental complaints, the
swelled head that comes from success.
I do not know anything that makes men
more brutal, selfish, and unfit for the
kingdom of Heaven than this disease.

  Slocum, after two years and a half
in Navahoe, was doing big business.
His schooner, the Contra Costa, came
and went between the island and Syd-
ney always with full cargoes; the
island, little known, was untroubled for
him by competition, so much so that,
as a matter of fact, he could not han-
dle the whole of the copra it produced.

  He had thought of extending his
business and buying another schooner
or chartering one. His difficulty lay
in the fact that long experience had
taught him not to trust men too much.
Ambrose, the captain of the Contra
Costa, he could trust implicitly, and
he chose to leave it at that. Besides,
a second schooner would mean end-
less outlay and expense.

  The arrival of the Beazleys altered
all this. Here was competition, and
THE LUCK OF CAPTAIN SLOCUM

131

competition, moreover, sent against him
by the hated Lewin. The letter of
introduction finished and sealed the
business.

  “I ain’t a particular man,” said the
captain to MacAdam, “but there’s
things no man can swaller, and I can’t
swaller them Beazleys nohow. What
did the chap want bringin’ his wife
here for? There ain’t no wimmen here
for her to consort with, and he thinks
he’s goin’ to do business; well, he thinks
wrong.”

  “Look here, cap,” said MacAdam,
“there’s no harm to the Beazleys, and
you know jolly well you can’t handle
all the stuff here yourself.”

  “Who says I can’t?” asked Slocum.

  “I do. The island could produce
nearly half as much again, or maybe
more, in copra, and it doesn’t simply
because there’s no incentive to the Kan-
akas to put in more labor and time
over their work. If you want to keep
the place to yourself why not get an-
other schooner?”

  “And who says I won’t?” replied the
captain. “I’ve been thinkin’ of it for
months, and when Ambrose is back
with the Contra Costa I’ll see it done.
They can’t make small of me. I’ll l’arn
’em!”

  Meanwhile, the Beazleys were get-
ting in. All the trade stuff on board
the Tamalpais was transferred to the
godown, and Mrs. Beazley, superin-
tending the Kanaka workmen, was put-
ting blinds up in the new house and
spreading matting on the floors.

  It was a pleasant house, situated just
outside the town and beyond Captain
Slocum’s, and Mrs. Beazley sometimes,
on passing the captain’s house, would
see the captain’s chief treasure, the
Luck, as every one in Nenkohee called
it, playing in the garden, digging or
dragging a little toy cart.

  She had heard the story of it from
MacAdam. How it was the baby of a
Kanaka chief who had died, with all

his tribe, of smallpox—so the story
went—how Slocum had saved it, how it
had brought him good fortune, and
how, when Arnold, the missionary, had
christened it, the captain had insisted
on naming it Luck.

  It seemed to her much lighter in
color than the natives she had hitherto
seen; it was a most engaging child to
look at, and her woman’s heart went
out to it. One day in passing she had
spoken to it, and it had come up to the
railings nothing loath, and began some
lisping remarks when a gruff voice
from the house called it in.

  Mrs. Beazley passed on, half laugh-
ing.

  She had seen the captain several
times in the town, and she was not in
the least afraid of him, and, despite his
open hostility, she felt no animosity to-
ward him.

  “I don’t think he’s as bad as he
seems,” said she to her husband. “You
know, I have feelings about people—
and dogs. I can’t stand slithering sort
of people—you remember Lewin; he
was all smiles, and he used to speak
in such a soft voice, and his hands—
the palms of them—were cold and
damp; it was like shaking hands with
a fish. I’m sure the old captain’s hands
are not cold and damp.”

  Beazley laughed.

  The house was now in order, and it
was time to think of opening up busi-
ness with the natives.

  “The fellow for you to go to,” said
MacAdam, “is Tapatukeea; he’s chief
over there on the north side of the
island, and his people own a lot of
trees. Slocum takes part of his copra,
but not all; in fact, Tapatukeea was
grumbling to me some time ago, saying
it was a pity there wasn’t another trader
here to do business with. Don’t say I
told you this, though.”

  Beazley thanked him for his advice.

  “How do you get there?” he asked.

  “You can easily walk, and for a few
132

THE ‘PO^PULA^ MAGAZINE

cents you can get a Kanaka to guide
you.”

  Next day, the Beazleys, having hired
a <lusky individual for guide, packed
some lunch in a basket, and started off
for the village of the chief.

  There was a fairly good road, the
day was glorious, and a wind from the
sea followed them, cooling the air and
waving the palm fronds and ferns that
lined the way. They passed groves and
groves of palm, great tracts of mammee
apple, and dark dells of fern. Huge
trees of centuries’ growth and unknown
name shaded the way here and there,
colored birds flew overhead, and colored
butterflies led them, and all the time,
as far as they went on, far as they
might go, the song of the reef beyond
the anchorage followed them on the
wind.

  The way led up and up till they
reached the plateau that formed the
summit of the island. It was clear of
foliage, with the exception of one or
two trees that looked like screw pines.
Looking around, one could see the Pa-
cific on every side—blue, desolate, and
beautiful. Here they sat down and
had luncheon, the dusky one vanishing
and returning with some bananas, and,
after the meal, Beazley smoked, and
they talked of the future, happy and
careless as children.

  Then they resumed their way, going
downhill through groves of banana and
fields of taro till they reached the vil-
lage, which was situated on a cliff edge.

  There was no reef on this side of the
island, and the sea, unbroken, came,
blue and thundering, up to the cliffs.
The whole place was filled with the
drone and boom of the water on cliff-
side or in cave. The village was al-
most deserted, the folk being away at
work, but the chief, Tapatukeea, was
at home and exceedingly friendly in his
reception of the Beazleys. But he could
sell them no copra; he had none, in
fact, to sell. He had concluded a con-

tract with Captain Slocum under which
he was bound to deliver all copra gath-
ered by his people to Slocum and to
none other.

  “When did you sign that contract?”
asked Beazley.

  “It was yesterday,” replied Tapatu-
keea.

  “He wants to freeze us out,” said
Beazley half to himself, half to his wife.
“He can’t handle all that stuff he has,
and now he’s going in for more—
swine!”

  Mrs. Beazley said nothing; she
looked thoughtful, and then, assured
in their minds that nothing could be
done, they bade good-by to the friendly
chief and returned to the south side
of the island and home.

  They had delayed a long time at
Tapatukeea’s, and when they reached
the plateau the sun had set and the
moon was rising.

  “That does us,” said Beazley. “We
won’t do any good here; that pig in-
tends to gobble all the copra that’s to
be had; he knows all the ropes, and
he had got before us. I should have
gone to Tapatukeea the day before yes-
terday.”

  “Well, Tapatukeea doesn’t own the
whole island,” said Mrs. Beazley. “We
can try other people.”

  “We can try them,” said Beazley,
“but I don’t think it’ll be much use.
Slocum has bought the whole crop in
advance, if I am not very much mis-
taken, and he has done it to freeze us
out.”

  He was right.

  Next day, making diligent search, he
could find no one to trade with.

  Copra is the kernel of the coconut;
the nut is broken in two, the kernel
taken out, dried, and strung on a
string; it is valuable, but only in bulk ;
to make any profit out of it one must
handle large quantities, and though I
have said that Beazley could find no
THE LUCK OF CAPTAIN SLOCUM

133

one to trade with that statement is not
rigidly correct. There were several
small growers who were ready to deal
with him, but they were so solall that
Slocum, with a fine contempt, had
passed them over.

  Mrs. Beazley was out when her hus-
band returned from his second fruitless
journey; he was making himself some
lemonade when she returned, and when
she heard his tale she sat down like a
person upon whom a heavy burden has
suddenly fallen.

  “Well,” she said, with a sigh, “we
must go, that’s all. Oh, dear, and I
was so happy in this house, and the
place is so beautiful, and the natives—
I simply love them. They run to me
if they are ailing, and they tell me their
affairs; they are just like children, and
I have to leave them.”

  She wiped her eyes, and Beazley
stood by, biting his lips.

  He was cursing Slocum.

  It was just as if Slocum had hit his
wife.

  It was a bitter failure, all the more
bitter on account of the sweetness of
the place and the kindness of the
people.

  Slocum had once suffered in this
island from the effects of a tabu put
upon him by the lying stories of Lewin
and his partner, Sakers, but this trou-
ble was not in the nature of a tabu;
the natives were willing to trade, and
indeed anxious to do so, for Mrs. Beaz-
ley had found their hearts; it was not
a question of willingness, however, but
of copra. They had contracted with
Slocum to supply him with the stuff,
and they could not go back on their
contract. Arnold, the missionary, was
unfortunately away, else he would very
soon have brought Slocum to his senses.
Slocum, despite his hostility to mission-
aries in general, had a respect for
Arnold.

  Arnold not being available, there was
no one to stand up to Slocum or point

out the fact that in driving the Beaz-
leys off the island he was injuring the
community and committing an act in-
congruous with honest dealing and fair
trading.

  Beazley went for a long walk to
work off his irritation. Everything
was now decided, and he had given his
orders for the transport of all the trade
back to the schooner and the removal
of the house furniture on the morrow.

  He returned at about six o’clock in
the evening to find that his wife was
not at home. At seven she had not
returned, and, taking his hat, he started
off to look for her. He met her at

                              *

the gate.

  “Oh, George,” cried Mrs. Beazley,
“poor Captain Slocum’s little child is
dying; he came here himself to fetch
me, and I have been doing what I could
for it—I’ve come back for the medi-
cine chest.”

  “Been here to fetch you!” cried the
outraged Beazley. “Like his cheek—
what do I care about his child? To
fetch you—as if you were a hospital
nurse—after the way he has treated
me-

  Mrs. Beazley took him by the arm,
and led him into the house, led him
into the sitting room, went and fetched
the Burroughs-Welcome medical tab-
loid chest, and opened it.

  “There is no use in thinking of that,”
said she; “the little child did nothing
against us. The captain may be a
wicked and hard man, but he loves it,
and he can’t be quite bad. Think if it
was our own.”

  The Beazleys had lost a child, the
only child that had ever come to them,
and this shot told.

  He sat silent while his wife went
over the contents of the chest.

  “It has convulsions,” said she, “and
can scarcely breathe. I am going to
give it a gray powder if I can get it
to take it. Old Doctor Turner, at Syd-
134

THE <PO<PULJ1<R MAGAZINE

ney, told me—that time—that it’s al-
ways safe to give a child a gray pow-
der, and that in many cases it will save
their lives if its lungs or stomach are
bad.”

  “Well, I don’t want to stop you,”
said Beazley; “poor little chap-”

  “It’s a girl,” said she. “It’s a dar-
ling, and I’ve always wanted to take

it on my lap and—and--” she went

off hurriedly ; and Beazley, left alone,
lit a pipe.

  Beazley was one of the men who can
hate and keep hatred glowing; he was
also a generous man, and, as men go,
emotional. He was satisfied with the
fact that the captain was getting pun-
ishment, yet he hoped the child would
live.

  Mrs. Beazley did not return that
night, and he slept on the cane lounge
in the sitting room. At breakfast time,
she appeared, happy and weary look-
ing, and with good news.

  “It’s safe now,” said she. “I don’t
know whether it was the gray powder
or not, but it took a turn for the better
in the night, and now it’s asleep—yes,
it will live.” She took a cup of tea and
some food, and then she went upstairs
to lie down and have a sleep herself.

  Beazley, having covered her with a
rug and drawn down the blinds to keep
the light out, took his hat and went off
to superintend the removal of the trade
from the godown.

 A hundred yards away from the
house, he met the captain, who came
up to him in a furious manner as if to
pick a quarrel.

  “Look here,” said that gentleman,
“me name’s Slocum, and them that
knows me knows me for a straight
man. I’m goin’ to be straight with you,
and I don’t deny I took a down on you
more particular considerin’ the letter

of that pig Lewin’s. Let that be. You
want copra—well, you can have it.”

  “Thanks,” said Beazley, “but I’ve
made all arrangements to leave here
and seek copra elsewhere.”

  “You ain’t goin’ off this island,” said
Slocum. “What you want pushin’ a
man for? D’y’ want to make me ’polo-
gize? I ain’t one to ’pologize, not on
your life! Now don’t you mind me.
I’m dragged this way and that. I’m het
up—but I say, man to man, you stay
here and I’ll help you all I can. It’s
that kid. She’s alius bringin’ me to
my bearin’s. Showin’ me the sort o’
fool I am. She’s shown me now I
acted like a skunk, cornerin’ the copra
against you. Why, that kid, she’s my
mainstay—she’s the compass that keeps
the fool end of me hindmost. I called
her me Luck, and I guess she is, and
on’y for your missis I’d ’a’ lost her last
night sure. Well, then, here’s my hand
—you’ll stay ?”

  “Yes, I’ll stay,” said Beazley, taking
the huge hand.

  Arnold, the missionary, when he ar-
rived back, a month later, found the
Beazleys well installed, prosperous, and
a great addition to the place.

  When he heard the whole story, he
laughed—he was talking to Mac.

  “You’re not what they call a reli-
gious man, MacAdam,” said he, “but
there’s an everyday religion you stick
fairly close to, the religion that rules
between men and regulates their deal-
ings. If the old captain hadn’t that
child to care for, he’d have been off
the track with the Beazleys, and they’d
have gone, and some worse trader
would have taken their places. He
calls it his Luck. It is. Give a man
something to care for, and you give
him a piece of luck. Call it a woman,
call it a child, call it a dog—it’s luck
all the same.”

    The fifth story in this series will be published in the POPULAR, on sale two
weeks hence, January 20.
 Five Hundred Head for a Ranger

BEING THE ADVENTURES OF BILL GILLIS AND THE KID, TEXAS RANGERS*
ON PIRATE ISLAND IN THE RIO GRANDE

By B. M. Bower and Buck Connors

(A Two-Part Novel—Part One)

CHAPTER I.

IRATE ISLAND sounds as
though it should grow coconuts
and breadfruit and colonies of
strange sea birds that nest in the
cliffs and fill the air with their scream-
ing before a storm; and a coral reef all
foamy with breakers upon the one side
and beautiful blue transparency upon
the other, and a hidden channel through
which low, rakish feluccas slip in sin-
ister silence. The very name visions
plank walking and a general "Blow-
high, blow-low, for-what-cares-he” at-
mosphere. Pirate Island sounds as
though it belongs to that part of the
map which holds the Sargasso Sea.
All of which proves how little there is
in a name.

  Pirate Island is none of these things.
It can scarcely be called an island, even
—if you demand the full geography
definition and insist that it shall be sur-
rounded by water. It lies, a fair-sized
chunk of broken land, in the river bed
of the Rio Grande, and for most of the
year it is an island in name only, with
dry river bed on one side and a tangle
of dry washouts on the other, and little
ridges and a jungle of horseweeds and
cottonwoods and underbrush all over it,
and the boundary line running through
—that is Pirate Island; wild enough
and rough enough and God-forsaken
enough in all conscience, but not what
the-name would lead one to expect.

  Far from being given over to pirac)r,
it held, somewhere hidden away in its
tangle of washes and ridges and jungle
growth, the outpost camp of the Texas
Rangers set there to guard the Mexican
border.

  Where there’s a boundary between
two nations, there will be lawbreakers;
smugglers always, and now and then
fugitives from the justice of one coun-
try or the other—always some one who
wants to slip across the line where he
shouldn’t and because he shouldn’t. It
is all very simple when you stop to
think of it. Then there is opium, for-
bidden in the United States and with
the price thrust skyward because, when
the law wiped opium off the list of per-
mitted things, it did not—because it
could not—wipe out also the craving
for it among the victims of the drug.
Always there will be men who count
the profit before they reckon the ri?k
of getting opium across the line under
the noses of the customs officers. Also
there was at this time a continual, cry -
ing need of guns in Mexico and many
pesos to be earned by the simple method
of slipping them over the border, where
the Federals commanded the country
on the side of Guadalupe clear up to
the boundary, and the Revolutionists
held the other side. Juarez in the hands
of Orosco, and Guadalupe in the hands
of Ortega, and both wanting guns—all
they could get. It was a" mere matter

    Other adventures of Bill Gillis and the Kid were published in the issues of POPULAR dated De-
cember 7 and December 20.
136

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

of selling to the highest bidder. The
customs officers could watch the high-
ways, but they could not patrol the
whole boundary line; hence the detach-
ment of rangers kept down there to
help out.

  Smugglers down that way don’t like
the Texas Rangers. On the Texas side,
the dislike manifests itself in an occa-
sional shot from ambush and in “frame-
ups” in the little towns, where rows
are hopefully started in saloons and
bullets are set whining, and a ranger
is the target. They learn to be cau-
tious, those rangers; they learn to go
with their eyes open and their mouths
shut, and to sit with their backs to the
wall, and to feel that their best friend
swings at their hip and that no man
may be trusted beyond a certain point.
In Texas, the lawbreakers hate the
sight of a ranger. Over in Mexico,
everybody hates them, for one reason
or another.

  It is known that there is a standing
offer in Mexico of five hundred head
of cattle for a ranger—alive or dead,
just so it’s a ranger. No one knows
for a certainty who pays the reward.
You will not see the offer posted up in
public places, either. But the offer is
there, and every Mexican knows it, and
every ranger. If one could walk out in
broad daylight and shoot a ranger and
collect the reward upon his body, there
would be many a greaser going into
the cattle business. Many have tried
it—and it is because many have failed
that the reward is made so tempting.
It cannot give the ranger a comfort-
able feeling of security to know that
every Mexican looks upon him as a nice
little start in life if only he could catch
the ranger out somewhere alone and
off his guard!

  The Kid, with the star so lately
pinned upon his breast that his fingers
still strayed up that way occasionally
to feel the new dignity of its presence,
rode humped in the saddle and saying

never a word to his partner, though
silence was not his habit. The Kid
was tired, and he had the blues, and
he was almost sorry that he had ever
joined the ranger force at all. He was
tired because he had just come in off
a long, hard, heartbreaking trip to the
Franklin Mountains, and had no more
than washed the dust off his face and
filled his empty stomach at the ranger
headquarters in Ysleta, when the cap-
tain sent him forth again to Pirate
Island with Bill Gillis.

  The Kid had naturally expected to
rest a while, and to be hailed a hero for
what he had done. For he had brought
in his man. To bring in your man and
three peons and dozens of brand-new,
confiscated rifles the Kid considered an
achievement of which a man twice his
age might be proud; to bring in your
man in face of the fact that your man
once saved your life and should, by all
the laws of common gratitude, be left
his liberty, the Kid considered a sacri-
fice upon the altar of duty that should
lift you up to the dignity of a martyr.

  Instead, the captain had not so much
as grunted a word of approval. The
captain had told him just how to go
about turning his prisoner over to the
United States marshal, and in the next
breath had ordered him to Pirate
Island. Why, Bill Gillis, even, had re-
ceived more consideration than had the
Kid, though Bill had merely achieved a
sprained and dislocated shoulder on the
trip. The captain had told Bill to take
care of himself because he was too
valuable a man to be laid up. He had
not said a word about Van Dillon being
valuable, for all the service he had ren-
dered—on his very first mission, at
that. The Kid did not want to be
petted and coddled, but for all that he
felt that the captain failed to realize
just how much he had done for the
force, and to appreciate the fact that
he had handled a stiff proposition as
well as Bill, even, could have done it.
FIVE HUN<D<RE<D HEA<D FO<R A <RANGE<R

137

  Over in Mexico, the sun was sliding
down behind a ragged range of moun-
tains, and the shadows were taking the
faint purple tinge of the afterglow.
Nearer, a long line of tall cottonwoods
stood up in dark silhouette against the
sunset. Before them lay the military
bridge that spanned a boggy strip
where the Rio Grande had overflowed
upon the lowland at one end of the
island.

  “Well, there she is,” Bill remarked
cheerfully, though the silence between
them had lasted for ten plodded miles.
“This is Pirate Island, right ahead of
us.”

  The Kid glanced morosely at the
woods beyond the bridge and said noth-
ing at all.

  “Camp’ll be up in the neighborhood
of Monument Twenty, I reckon,” Bill
went on, ignoring the sulks. “That’s
wrhere we generally make camp. Better
catch up Boob, Van, and lead him the
rest of the way.”

  “He’s followed so far all right,” said
the Kid, sullenly glancing back to where
the pack mule loitered to fill his mouth
with some green stuff that he liked.

  Bill looked straight at the Kid; and,
though Bill was a little man, not as
tall as Van by six inches, and though
his glance was mild, the Kid swung his
horse around and went back after
Boob. Bill smiled a little, and awk-
wardly rolled himself a cigarette; awk-
wardly because one arm was in a sling.
He knew very well what ailed Van
Dillon. When a boy of eighteen chooses
to make one reckless jump from boy-
hood into the ranks of picked men who
have no time to pet their little, personal
feelings, the readjustment of his men-
tal perspective is going to be violent
and at times exceedingly painful. Bill
was sorry for the Kid, but he did not
feel that he could help Van, except by
leaving him alone. He rode slowly
until Van overtook him, still sulky and

leading the reluctant Boob. They went
on together, neither speaking.

  Dark came while they were traveling
a blind trail up the island; a trail which
Bill seemed to know very well, but
which to Van looked like a mere fol-
lowing of the line of least resistance
through the weeds and undergrowth be-
tween the groves of cottonwoods. The
moon came up, big as a barrel and yel-
low as California gold; and their way
became ghostly, peopled with gigantic
shadows that moved weirdly as the
breeze swayed the bushes and trees
and weeds. Bill slipped in ahead of
the Kid, and kept the position. Once,
when Van spoke sharply to Boob, Bill
looked back at him quickly and made a
gesture with his good hand. The Kid
read it as warning, and afterward he
rode as quietly as he could; Bill, he
noticed, made little noise, and some-
times stopped abruptly to put a branch
carefully out of his way, or rode around
obstructions that would be likely to rus-
tle more than usual.

  “Halt!” a voice called suddenly—so
suddenly that the Kid jumped. They
were in black shade, and they had come
on with scarcely a sound. And that
sharp command came from somewhere
—not loud, but distinct and with a tim-
bre that stopped them where they were.

  “Howdy, Charlie!” Bill called back
softly, after three seconds of silence.
“Some note to be stopping two law-
abiding gents this-a-way! Hootin’ up
there on a limb like a durned owl!” He
chuckled and urged his horse forward
through the gloom.

  The Kid followed him with a queer
pang that was almost physical. Some-
thing there was in Bill’s tone that
spelled affection. Something there was
that set this unseen sentinel apart from
others. The Kid felt it vaguely.

  From somewhere above and ahead
of them, the voice answered: “That
you, Bill? I kinda thought maybe it
was, when I got a glimpse of you cross-
138

THE tPOVULA^ MAGAZINE

ing that moonlight open space away
down. Thought I got that three-quarter
seat of yours. How are yuh, old scout ?”
A slim little fellow appeared suddenly
beside Bill and reached out to grip his
hand. “What’s the matter with your
paw, Bill ? What you doing down here
all crippled up?” He laid an arm over
the neck of Custer and gave the Kid
a swift, appraising glance that seemed
to set him aside afterward as a person
of no consequence whatever. “Going
to stay down here ?” he added to Bill.

  “Oh, I reckon I’ll get to stay a while,
anyway. How’s she piling up, Charlie?*’

  Again the Kid felt something in
Bill’s tone that was different; some-
thing that brought this strange Charlie
close into his friendship and his confi-
dence, and pushed the Kid afar off, to
the extreme edge of acquaintanceship.
And Bill—why, Bill had been the Kid’s
pal! His trail partner on that trip to
Franklin Pass; friend of the Brazos
Peaks time that seemed so long ago.
Their close intimacy had seemed to the
Kid as fixed, as immutable as any of
the laws of nature. Yet a little man
had but to call out in the darkness, and
Bill’s voice, even, was different. The
Kid nudged Eagle with his knee and
sent him a few steps forward into the
shadow again. Let Bill throw in with
this Charlie if he wanted to—much the
Kid cared! Only he wished they would
jar loose so he could get on to camp.
He wished-

  “Come back here, Kid!” Bill called
softly, but with a note of authority that
sent the Kid all hot inside with unrea-
soning rebellion. He twitched the reins
so that Eagle turned and half faced the
two, but he did not go back. Boob, at
the end of the lead rope, was browsing
contentedly at some new leaves on a
bush, and did not move. “What yuh
want?” the Kid asked shortly.

  “I want you to meet Charlie Horne
—my old side partner.” Bill’s voice
was not conciliatory, nor yet apolo-

getic ; it seemed rather to place the
meeting of Charlie Horne as an im-
mense honor, and it rasped the Kid’s
temper.

  “Hello, Charlie!” he grunted, without
moving. “Say, Bill, do we go on to
camp, or do we stay here the rest of
the night?”

  Bill did not say any of the things
that he might have said, things that
would have stung the Kid’s pride intol-
erably. He did not reply to the Kid
at all. He spoke instead to Charlie in
that low monotone that makes words
indistinguishable beyond a few feet,
and the Kid was sure that Bill was
talking about him.

  “Just a kid,” was what Bill was say-
ing to Charlie. “Jumped up his age to
twenty-one—only eighteen by rights,
but don’t say anything about it, will
you?—and joined the force. Got nerve,
believe me! Run in Jim Lyons and a
gun train single-handed—tell yuh about
it later on. Headstrong—ain’t found
himself yet—but some kid, believe me!
Jealous of you right now; thinks a
good bit of me, I reckon—I knew him
in Brazos Peaks and chummed with him
a lot.” He straightened in the saddle
as a signal that he was ready to go.
“Well—see you in the morning,” he
said, in a tone that Van could hear.
“Take care of yourself, old-timer.”

  “Shore will,” Charlie replied, in that
same warm tone of affection, waving
his hand to them before he disappeared
into the black shade behind him.

  Bill rode up to the Kid, passed him,
and took the lead again. He. did not
say anything. His method was to let
the sulks wear themselves out, in the
belief that words merely emphasize the
mood. The immediate effect of his si-
lence was to fix firmly in the Kid’s
mind the idea that Bill had no use for
him now that he had got with Charlie,
and to decide that he was going to hate
that same Charlie Horne.

 Ten minutes of slow progress
FIVE H UNCDCRECD HEM FO<R A CRANGE<R

139

through sparse undergrowth and across
a little, natural meadow, and they faced
another black grove. Bill stopped and
dismounted, and handed the reins to
Van. “Hold Custer for me, Kid,” he
said, very cautiously. “Camp’s just
ahead somewhere. Can’t go loping up
on a bunch of sleeping rangers, yuh
know. I’ll locate ’em and let ’em know
who’s coming.”

  “All right,” said the Kid, in a whis-
per, and leaned to peer into the black-
ness where Bill had already disap-
peared. It was all very mysterious and
very grim. The Kid’s mood lightened
with the knowledge that he was playing
a real man’s game of chance and dan-
ger, and that all this caution was born
of necessity and not for any love of the
spectacular. His trip to Franklin
Mountains had taught him how grim
was the game. Presently he heard
Bill’s voice, raised a little and speaking
distinctly:

  “Howdy, boys! This is Bill Gillis.”
"Why, gol-darn your soul, how are
yuh, Bill ?” There was welcome in the
voice that answered; welcome and af-
fection that stirred the Kid with a little,
warm glow and made him forget, al-
most, his resentment against the strange
Charlie. They hung together, these
Texas Rangers! That was it—-they
hung together, and their friendships
were real. The Kid did not analyze,
but while he waited for Bill to come
back he felt that he knew what breeds
such friendships; he knew that when
men ride out stirrup to stirrup, knowing
that perhaps only one will ride back, or
that the lives of them both may hang on
their courage and their loyalty to each
other, friendships are born that set
those men apart from other men. It
was that which had drawn him so close
to Bill; it was the danger they two had
faced together. He had not realized
that others had also been drawn close, to
Bill Gillis and to one another; but now
he- felt a warmth in his soul where be-

fore had been chill loneliness; and a
pride that he, Van Dillon, was counted
worthy a place among these men.

  He went forward, guided by Bill, and
he saw several white patches that he
knew for beds laid out in a little open
space in the horseweeds that grew high
all around them. In two of the beds
men were sitting upright, talking to
Bill as to an old comrade returned after
an absence—which he was. In a lighted
space, where the moon shone through
the branches of a tree, Bill was pulling
with his good hand at the latigo of his
saddle while he answered questions.

  The Kid, now that the monotony of
the long ride was over, forgot his black
mood and went over and helped Bill
get the saddle and bridle off Custer.
Bill thanked him and went and squatted
on his heels beside one of the men,
while Van unsaddled Eagle, his own
saddle horse, and afterward unpacked
Boob. He thought that they had com-
pletely forgotten his presence among
them, so absorbed were they in low-
voiced converse—shop talk that would
have sounded strange indeed to the
world at large, so steeped were the sen-
tences in life-and-death issues which
were merely a part of the day’s work.
But when he pulled the pack saddle off
Boob and with it the thick padding of
Navaho blanket, Bill rose up and came
toward him.

  “Horses are out beyond this grove,
Bill,” said one of the men. “You know
where that open is?”

  “Sure, I know. If I didn’t, old Boob
would point the way, all right. We’ll
put night ropes on Custer and Eagle,
Kid.”

  Afterward, Bill showed him where to
place their bed in a~clump*of fresh, un-
trampled horseweed. Behind the fringe
of the outer edge, Bill trampled a space
large enough for the bed, and stood
watching while Van spread the blankets
and the tarp and tucked in the edges.
From somewhere beyond came the faint
140

THE tPOVULflcR MAGAZINE

snapping of a discreetly small fire and
the delectable odor of fresh-boiling cof-
fee. The Kid turned his face that way
and sniffed, made keenly aware of the
fact that he was ravenous.

  “Come and get a cup of coffee, boys,”
a voice called guardedly. To Van it
seemed as though these rangers never
spoke full-voiced, as did other men.
‘‘It’s a long time till morning.”

  “Aw, you shouldn’t have bothered,
Rudd!” Bill protested gratefully. “A
cold snack would ’a’ done us all right.”
But he led the way hastily toward the
crackle and the tantalizing aroma.

  “No bother. I can stand a cup of it
myself,” growled the voice. “And the
guard will be coming in directly—Char-
lie’ll be glad of some. He’s been off
his feed, last day or so—didn’t eat any
supper at all hardly.”

  Again the Kid felt a difference in
the tone—the same tender quality that
had been in the voice of Bill when
Charlie baited them out there in the
trail; the same quality that had been in
the greeting flung at Bill by the man in
the bed over there. It was v^ry intan-
gible—the Kid had no word to call it
by—but it was there.

  The coffee was the best Van had
ever tasted; at least, that was what he
would have .told you. While they were
still squatted in the faint warmth of
the dying blaze, drinking and eating
cold bannock and cold bacon and joy-
ing in every mouthful, some one spoke
in the darkness. In a minute a form
Van recognized as Charlie came in out
of the gloom and laid a hand carelessly
down upon his shoulder. Over where
the beds were, a man was moving out
quietly, making ready to take Charlie's
place out there in the trail.

  “Well, Kid, how do you like it, far
as you’ve got?” Charlie leaned his
slim body forward and stretched an
arm, reaching for the coffeepot. He
leaned again in another direction and
reached a cup, and began to fill the

night air with the fresh smell of coffee
while he poured.

  “All right,” the Kid answered briefly,
and was a little surprised because his
own tone was friendly.

  “Ah—that shore hits me where I
live,” Charlie observed, and dangled the
empty cup from the forefinger of his
left hand. “I wish Rudd would take
a chance and celebrate like this every
night. A cigarette, now, and I can turn
in feeling that kings have nothing on
me.”

  The Kid looked at him, his eyes big
in the firelight. He had been going to
dislike this Charlie; he had felt that
very distinctly, half an hour ago. But
now he knew that he couldn’t dislike
him—not if Charlie kept that manner
and that little, drawly tone of good will
when he spoke to him.

  “Better roll in. Kid,” safd Bill quietly
and with the same note of authority
which was becoming his habit when he
spoke to Van. Bill was sitting with
his knees drawn up and his crippled
arm resting across them in its sling,
and he was smoking a cigarette with
much relish. “Remember where you
were at daylight—you’ve hit a long,
hard trail since then. You turn in now
and get some sleep. You sure need it.”

  “So do you,” Van retorted. But in
a minute he got up and started back
toward their bed- in the horse weeds.
Standing with a hand outstretched to
part the weeds, he looked back impa-
tiently. But Bill had made no move
to follow. Through the bushes he could
make out dimly the two figures sitting
hump-kneed in the fire glow. Though
he listened, he could barely distinguish
the low murmur of their voices while
they talked—those two who had been
so glad to meet away back there in the
dark.

  Once more the feeling that he was a
stranger among strange men, forgotten
by the one man to whom he uncon-
sciously clung for companionship, set-
FIVE HUN^E^D HEM FO<R A <RANGE<R

141

tied like a cloud upon the Kid. He
unbuckled his six-shooter, knelt and
placed the gun down under the blankets
as Bill had taught him to do. He drew
off his boots and tucked them under the
corner of the bed where his head would
rest and where his hand could go up
and find them instantly. He listened
again, heard no sound to indicate that
Bill was coming, and laid himself down
with a grunt of disgust. It was a won-
der that Bill wouldn’t take some of his
advice to himself ! Bill had traveled the
same long, hard trail which Van had
traveled since daybreak, and he had
traveled with a crippled shoulder.

  Moods that are unreasoning and
childish may come to a lad of eighteen
who has jumped recklessly into the
man’s hard game of life; moods that
he would never admit to any one, him-
self least of all. But, such is the splen-
did resilience of youth, those moods
are washed out upon the shores of
sleep. Van was a much disgruntled
youth, as well as a weary one, when
he pulled the blanket up over his head
and left only a breathing place with the
tip of his nose sticking out. He was
going to show Bill that he could be as
independent as anybody. He wasn’t
going to ask any odds of him or any
one else. Let them gang off by them-
selves, if they wanted to—he could hold
his own, he guessed-

  With the sharp discomfort of a fresh
hurt, the dark, bearded face of Jim
Lyons, as he had looked at Van before
he turned away to obey the curt order
of his jailer, flashed across his mental
vision. That look had cut deep into the
Kid’s soul, and for all his youth and
healthy optimism the wound it left
would not heal overnight. Never once
had he let Jim Lyons see that he had
recognized him; never once had Jim
Lyons shown any sign that he recog-
nized Van. And yet, at the last minute
he had turned and given Van that long,
bitter look—the Kid squirmed as at a

physical hurt, and burrowed deeper into
the blankets. He wished Bill would
come to bed; vaguely he hungered for
the close presence of a friend wrho
knew and who must have understood,
because never once had he mentioned
Jim Lyons on the long ride from
Ysleta.

  Then came sleep; the face of Jim
Lyons faded and was gone, and Van
Dillon was just a boy, dog-tired and
dreaming a boy’s inconsequential
dreams, and muttering now and then
a blurred sentence addressed to Boob.

CHAPTER II.

  To the Kid, fresh from sleep and
with a boy’s hunger riding him hard,
camping on Pirate Island seemed very
much like camping anywhere else. The
camp was quiet, the island filled with
bird song, and the peace that broods
over a wilderness. Men awoke and
stretched their arms and yawned after
heavy slumber, and washed the sleep
from their eyes with cold water, and
thought about breakfast. They said
hello to the Kid, and afterward seemed
to take his presence as a matter of
course; and the Kid was content once
more with life. Bill awoke and smiled
at him with a glimpse of white teeth
and an endearing twinkle in his eyes,
and the Kid grinned shamefacedly in
response. He hoped Bill would not
mention his grouch of the day before
—and Bill, being wise in his way, did
not.

  A man came out of a thicket of green
stuff, hitching his heavy gun belt into
place over his hips. His eyes lighted
on Van and widened a little with sur-
prise.

  “Why, hello!” he greeted cheerfully'.
“Ain’t you pretty far from home—for
a kid?” He came up and held out his
hand. “What you doing with yourself
away down here?”

  This was Ranger Kent, unconsciously
142

THE VOcPUL/icK MAQHZINE

the cause of Van's presence there. For
had not Ranger Kent very calmly and
very effectively cleaned Brazos Peaks
of its undesirable human element at the
behest of the law-abiding citizens, one
Van Dillon would not so soon have
taken the fever of hero worship—the
fever that drove him headlong into
manhood and the fulfillment of his sud-
den, overpowering ambition to be a
ranger. Van blushed with pride and
pleasure as he turned back his coat to
show the star.

  “I’m a ranger myself now,” he vol-
unteered, with all the nonchalance of
which he was capable.

  Ranger Kent looked at the star, and
he looked at the Kid’s round face.
“Well, I’ll be darned!” his astonishment
jolted from him. “Bill, how about this?
Is this boy-”

  “Being of legal age and accepted by
the governor and the captain, Van Dil-
lon sure is a ranger,” Bill hastily and
convincingly assured him. “I saw him
take the oath myself. I also rode along
with him when he took a bunch of gun
runners into camp—-single-handed, you
may say, since I wasn’t in a position
to help much. We just got in when we
were sent down here.” Bill’s manner
was perfect in its matter-of-fact seri-
ousness.

  “Funny—I got the impression in
Brazos Peaks last winter that he was
just a schoolboy; seventeen or eighteen,
maybe.” Kent spoke apologetically.

  “He does look young for his age—-
that’s because his dad wouldn’t let him
shave until his twenty-oneth birthday,
maybe.” Bill looked up from the prob-
lem of pulling on his boots with one
hand. “I wouldn’t have taken him for
more than eighteen myself if I hadn’t
known different.”

  Shiny-eyed, the Kid turned away. To
him it seemed the supreme test of loy-
alty that Bill should thus lie for him
to Kent. Bill knew he wras not twenty-
one—why, of course Bill knew! Bill

could have put him out of the force if
he wanted to, just on account of his
age; they only had to write to Brazos
Peaks to find proof—but they wouldn’t,
because Bill was going to stand by him.
Right at that minute the Kid would
cheerfully have laid down his life for
little, smiling, loyal Bill Gillis, who was
having trouble with his No. 5 boots
while he went on talking to Ranger
Kent, hero whom the Kid had wor-
shiped for what he had done in Brazos
Peaks. And last night he had been sore
at Bill Gillis! Not for a long, long
whilev had the Kid been so ashamed of
his shortcomings.

  He went out of his way to make
overtures of 'friendship to Charlie
Horne, who presently appeared from
some sequestered sleeping place and
found himself a comfortable place to
sit down cross-legged in the crude cir-
cle of breakfasters. He got on all right
with Charlie until Bill strolled in among
them. After that, the Kid found him-
self talking to ears that did not listen.
After he had asked a question or two
that brought no answer at all, the Kid
ate his breakfast and listened to t-he talk
of the others; of Ortega and his rebel
forces at Guadalupe and beyond; from
the way they spoke, the -Kid gathered
the impression that it was very close,
as miles went, to the heart of the Mex-
ican revolution. He heard them name fa
familiarly the name of Orosco, who
commanded the Federal army at
Juarez. Also there was talk of gun run-
ners—upon which subject the Kid felt
himself very well informed, since he
had taken four of them to jail; and
more than a dozen burro loads of guns.
But when he started to speak about it to
Charlie, he discovered that Charlie and
Bill were having a little confab of their
own, with their heads close together
and their voices lowered and a laugh
breaking now and then the mumble of
th£ir talk.

  “I want you boys,” Ranger Kent was
FIVE HUN<D<RE<D HEM FO<R A <R/1NGE<R

143

saying, “to keep an extra sharp lookout.
Jesu Chaboya don’t go to El Paso just
to take in the picture shows. He’s one
of the brightest men in the Junta, and
he was seen coming out of Boland
Brothers’ hardware store at two in the
morning. Also it’s pretty certain that
Boland Brothers are ordering more
guns than their regular trade demands.
So, Davis, you and Rudd can ride up
the river to-day, and see if there’s any
signs of burros crossing the river beds
either way. They’ll have to work pretty
well down this way before they can
cross, on account of Orosco’s men.

  “Dillon—that’s your name, if I recol-
lect right—I’ll let you patrol the lower
end of the island, here, and watch the
road between the river and Fabens.
Horsemen can dodge the sentry at the
bridge by crossing down below the wil-
lows. But they’re pretty apt to swing
back into the trail farther on. If any-
body looks off color, or can’t show
straight passes, take him to the river
guard. You won’t have any trouble
at all—the customs men are pretty thor-
ough, and beyond them is the cavalry,
so it’s mostly just stopping any chance
leak there. You can handle it all right.”

  The Kid did not say anything. He
drank the last of his coffee, sent a
glance toward Bill, and saw that Bill
was listening to something that Charlie
was saying and smiling that smile which
on the lips of a girl would be called
lovable, or something like that. The
Kid got up and walked away. Before
the undergrowth quite hid the group
from his sight, he stopped and looked
back. Not a head was turned to glance
after him; not a voice was lifted to
give him a last word. Absorbed in
themselves and in one another and in
the work they had to do, not one of
them seemed aware that he was leaving.

  “At the camp—but I ain’t in it by a
darned sight!” he muttered, and parted
the bushes and went his way. ‘‘Hang
around the road to pick up anything

the river guard lets slip—it’s easy; I
can do it!” Whereat the Kid laughed
disagreeably. “It’s a wonder he didn’t
put me tending camp! Oh, well, he’s
got things to learn—that's all.”

  Ranger Kent would no doubt have
been extremely humiliated had he
known how low he sank in the estima-
tion of the Kid. Ranger’ Kent had
nerve enough—the Kid was willing to
grant that—but he certainly had some-
thing to learn about the stern virtues
and the cool-headedness and the good
judgment of at least one of his men.
Ranger Kent was certainly overlooking
a bet when he sent a certain person off
on a boy’s job; with gun runners getting
busy, he was foolish not to use all the
good men he had. He might have sent
Bill down the road to see if folks looked
honest and had their passes in their
hind pockets. It would be all right for
Bill till his shoulder got well. On the
whole, the Kid did not think as much
of Ranger Kent as he had thought of
him in Brazos Peaks.

  So he went down the dim trail that
was mostly a matter of guesswork, and
when he came to the dusty highway he
turned sulkily and rode down toward
the border.

  It was very quiet and very green
along that trail. After the barrenness
of his trip to Franklin Mountains, this
river bottom seemed waste fully luxuri-
ant. It was peaceful, and it was not in
the least like the dividing line which
separated him from a land torn with
deadly convulsions of internal war.
Orosco at Juarez, Ortega at Guada-
lupe, hundreds of men ready to fly at
one another’s throats—it all seemed so
many words to the Kid, who had never
looked upon bigger warfare than a
personal fight.

  The hoarse blat of an automobile
horn stilled the bird songs, and straight-
way the Kid was blinking in a dust
cloud raised by a dingy green roadster
wherein were seated two perfectly ob-
144

THE cPOcPULA<R MAGAZINE

vious American citizens. Van did not
think they looked as though they needed
searching, and he let them whiz past
him. Hazardous work, this—riding
along the public highway policed al-
ready at its point of crossing the border/

  He went on till he came to that line,
which was not far. He fraternized
apathetically with the guard who was
also bored with his duties and wished
he was in the navy. He watched the
guard hold up other perfectly obvious
citizens and let them go by. He saw
others, Mexicans and Americans, strag-
gle up to the guard and interrupt his
discontent while they convinced him
that their mission was lawful. It was
as simple, the Kid perceived, as taking
tickets at a wild-West show.

  “Up at Fabens,” complained the river
guard, “is where they slip it over on
us. Or between there and here, I should
say. Them that travels the road has
got the papers for it nine times in ten.
There’s blind trails across the bottom,
though, where they slip through to Fa-
bens. Them we leave to the rangers to
take care of.”

  It may not have been a hint, but the
Kid presently left him and rode back
whence he had come. This time he
went as far as Fabens, an apathetic lit-
tle tank station that squatted beside the
track, and watched the trains go by.
With the idea of furnishing an excuse
for his presence, he bought half a dozen
sacks of smoking tobacco and some pa-
pers. Then he rode back again. “It’s
easy—/ can do this!” he told himself
sarcastically for about the fourth or
fifth time.

  The sun was growing hot in his face
as he went down the dusty trail. His
soul was steeped in a boy’s rebellion
against authority, and not even the star
on his breast under his coat could quite
comfort him. It takes years and a rip-
ened experience to bring steadfastness
either of faith or of purpose; youth
requires frequent demonstrations to

keep his interest and his faith alive.
To Van, jogging down this much-trav-
eled road in the growing heat of the
day, all the hazard, all the glory that
he had dreamed would come to him
with the ranger star seemed vague and
unreal and very far off. He did not
even have Bill with him to tell him
stories that stirred his blood with the
brave deeds of his fellows.

  He sighted what looked like a trail
such as Kent and the river guard had
mentioned, and he turned into it dispir-
itedly. He did not see any sense in
patrolling that road, anyway. The blind
trail promised more, and his spirits rose
a little as he followed it into the thick
jungle growth of weeds and young
bushes.

  Faint openings where the horse weeds
had been broken by the passing of ani-
mals seemed to indicate that this blind
trail had many branches. The Kid did
not see how one man was going to ac-
complish much scouting around in that
jungle. Forty smugglers could slip past
him, and if he did run across one it
would certainly be an accident. Still,
he had been ordered to patrol this
neighborhood, and so he meant to put in
the time riding somewhere. He didn't
see any sense in it, though. If he had
the running of that camp on Pirate
Island, and commanded those half
dozen men, he’d simply keep a ranger
stationed at Fabens to hold up any sus-
picious-looking characters that tried to
catch a train there. That was the place
to grab them, in the Kid’s opinion; not
prowling around in here—hunting for
a needle in a haystack. He knew it was
none of his business, but he would sure
like to tell Range* Kent a few things.
He was eighteen, remember, which is
the age of much wisdom. Never again,
though a man lives to be eighty, will
he know as much as he knew when he
was eighteen.

  Because he had no especial destina-
tion in view, he let Eagle choose the
FIVE HUN<DCRE<D HE/I'D FO<R A RANGER

145

trail for himself. Eagle had been on
the ranger force almost half as many
years as Van had lived. He knew
blind trails as he knew his oats box at
headquarters. Very likely he knew this
blind trail, and where it led. At any
rate, he went forward steadily and
quietly, and he made a few turns which
he would not have made had the Kid
been guiding him instead of letting the
reins lie loose on his neck. Eagle had
carried the best men the force ever
knew—Bill Gillis, for instance, and
Charlie Horne, and Rudd, and Kent, of
whose judgment the Kid was thinking
with tolerant disgust while he rode—
and his training had profited thereby.
He knew how to stand as still as a rock
so that he would not be seen or spoil
his rider’s aim when the saddle gun
came up. He knew how to move softly,
and how to save his wind when his
rider wanted speed and more speed.

  Just now he knew enough to look
and listen and draw in long breaths to
get the scent of any other animal. The
Kid did not know, as he rode moodily
along, that Eagle was more alert than
he. But when Eagle stopped abruptly
and threw up his head and stared fix-
edly across a little open space where the
soil was pure, soft sand and therefore
barren for the most part, the Kid
dropped the cigarette he was just ready
to lick into completion, and eased his
saddle gun out of its scabbard. He
did not see anything, and he did not
hear anything—but he knew enough
about horses to take Eagle’s word for
it that there was something ahead of
them on that trail.

  With the carbine at half aim and
the reins held lightly between the fin-
gers of his left hand, he pressed Eagle
with his knees. The horse, ears perked
forward, went on in a springy walk, his
muscles tensed for a sudden lunge, a
sudden swerve to one side or the other,
or an abrupt whirling in the trail, as
emergency or his rider rnight demand.
<ioA

  They crossed tfye little open space and
made no more sound than a cottontail
hopping over greensward. Eagle did
not stop, but there was an indefinable
quivering and a stiffening of muscles
that warned the Kid. Very softly his
thumb dragged back the hammer of his
gun. His weight went to the stirrups,
and his body poised and was ready—
for what he did not know.

  So they went another rod through a
leafy thicket that seemed to be holding
its breath it was so still; and they came
abruptly upon a horse that lifted up its
head inquiringly with a mouthful of
dangling vines it had just snatched
from off a bush. Its rider, warned by
the movement, looked up, startled from
lengthening a stirrup, and made that
significant backward movement of the
hand which comes to be second nature
to a man who lives by grace of good
luck alone.

  “Quit it!” The Kid’s voice cut the
silence.

  The man looked into the round eye
of the carbine, gave a sour grin, and
lifted his hand in token of submis-
sion. “You beat me to it,” he conceded
dryly. “Or I shore would have got you
this time, kid.”

  “Oh, I don’t know,” the Kid retorted
mechanically, while his mind groped
dazedly for the meaning of this meet-
ing down here in the river bottom of
the Rio Grande. “I thought you was
in-”

  “Jail,” finished the man. “Well, 1
was, but I ain’t now.” Which, being
perfectly obvious, failed to get them
anywhere.

  “You will be,” predicted the Kid, “if
you ain’t mighty careful. There’s a
ranger camp right around close, and
these trails are pretty well guarded.”

  “I see they are.” Jim Lyons grinned
again, quite as sourly as before.

  “I don’t see,” began the Kid com-
plainingly, “how you managed to get
away and down this far—so quick.”
146

THE ‘POVULAtR MAGAZINE

And he added, with a purely human in-
terest: “How’s your hand?”

  “Pretty much on the bum yet—but
I can use it a little. Say, why don’t
you go ahead with the proceedings?”

  “I don’t see,” reiterated the Kid,
“what you’re doing this side the line. It
looks to me like you don’t give a darn
whether you get caught or not. It’s an
awful chance to take.”

  “Not necessarily.” Jim Lyons was
looking at the Kid with a growing ques-
tion in his eyes. “With my beard off,
and these clothes, a stranger wouldn’t
recognize me by description—see ? And
I dropped off at Fabens in the night,
when everything was closed up. In my
haste at leaving El Paso”—he grinned
—“I never stocked up with tobacco. I
can’t smoke that stuff the greasers hand
out.”

  “Well, you’re taking a long chance,
if anybody should ask you,” the Kid
declared ill-humoredly. “You want to
cut it out, and stay across the river.
Here’s tobacco and papers. If you
don’t object to their kind of matches,
that heels you for a while, anyway.”
With one hand the Kid reached into his
coat pocket, pulleds out the package
which the storekeeper had so painstak-
ingly wrapped for him, and tossed it ,to
Lyons. It fell at the gun runner’s feet,
and he stood looking down at it with
a comical blankness in his face. The
Kid deliberately slid his carbine into its
scabbard.

  “You better beat it back across the
line,” he advised, with self-conscious
gruffness, “and stay there.” He swung
Eagle around in the trail, hesitated, and
looked back over his shoulder, his face
red with a boy’s embarrassment.

  “And, say!” he said, resting the flat
of his palm on Eagle’s rump. “I don’t
want you to think I’ve forgot about you
pulling me outa that quicksand, because
I ain’t. I had to take you to jail ’cause
you was smuggling guns and I’m a
ranger. But this is different. You ain’t

doing anything outa the way now, and
the other deal you didn’t git away with
anyhow; we got the guns. This is just
to—kinda square the quicksand deal.
So long.”

  He rode away at a trot, looking red
and confused, but nevertheless exultant.
A load, whose weight he had not fully
realized until it was removed, had lrfted
from his heart. He owed this man his
life, and now he did not have to shun
remembering how he had repaid the
debt. He did not have to think of Jim
Lyons in jail, facing a prison sentence
for smuggling. He had instead the ex-
hilarating sensation of having done the
scar-faced one a great favor. He began
to whistle while he rode back to the
dusty highway, and then he remem-
bered that he must ride cautiously.

  “Gee! Bill would just about skin
me for making all that racket,” he
admonished himself, and giggled hap-
pily over the thought of Bill’s look of
shocked disapproval if he had caught
Van at such an indiscretion as whis-
tling shrilly “Everybody’s Doing It’’
while he was on scouting duty. Pru-
dence had not yet become second nature
to the Kid, but he stifled his impulse
to “holler,” and contented himself with
grinning and slapping Eagle on his
sleek neck.

  Quite suddenly he came out upon the
highway again, where the dust lay thick
and the sun beat down hotly. The
glare of bright sunlight after the green
shade of the thicket half blinded him,
and he shut his eyes tightly for a
breath or two. When he opened them,
a girl was- riding toward him on a little
gray pony, coming from the south.

  The Kid had never paid much atten-
tion to girls, being so wTholly taken up
with big, heroic ambitions and with cul-
tivating the sterner side of man’s estate.
For all that, he pulled himself straighter
in the saddle, threw back his shoulders,
and rode forward to meet her quite
conscious of his own importance and
FIVE HUNCDCR_ECD HEA<D FO<R A ANGB<R

147

perfectly willing that the girl should
appreciate it also. She was a pretty girl,
dark of eyes, with straight, black eye-
brows and hair black and wavy and
with lips that were full and red and
cheeks that glowed with color. She
was a very pretty girl. And she smiled
a little smile when she met his eyes,
and then she looked away.

  She did not look like a smuggler, or
a malefactor or a questionable character
of any sort; yet the Kid remembered
his orders and stopped her by the
straightforward method of swinging
Eagle in front of the gray pony. His
tone was very official—he had learned
something from watching the river
guard halt travelers who would cross
down below there.

  “Sorry,” he said, “I must see your
pass. I’m a ranger.”

  “But the guard at the bridge, he saw
my pass, Mr. Ranger,” she demurred,
looking up at him through lashes un-
believably long and thick. “You must
be a very new little ranger not to know

that the guard-”

  “I know all about the guard.” The
Kid suspected that he was being
laughed at; you never could tell about
these girls, anyway. “I’ve got orders to
look at the passes. Sorry, but I’ll have
to do it. What’s your name?”

  “Well, then, it is Anita Montoya.
What is your name?”

  The girl simply would not take him
seriously; she acted as though it was a
joke, his being a ranger and wanting
to see her pass. The Kid scowled, and
threw open his coat so that she might
see the star with the tiny knobs on the
points, and the fateful inscription,
“Texas Ranger Force,” stamped deep
across it.

  “That’s name enough,” he snubbed
her shortly. “Where do you live?”

  “In Guadalupe, Mr. Texas Ranger
Force. But really'I cannot help it.
Only spare me, and I promise, Mr.
Texas Ranger Force-”

  The lips of the Kid twitched, and he
chewed the under one savagely. “Aw,
quit your kidding!” he commanded
gruffly. “Let me see your pass. I ain’t
here for fun.”

  “No?” Anita Mantoya was young,
but she really knew a great deal about
tones and glances and how to use them
and when. “Not for fun? Well, here
is my pass. I’m sorry it is not nice and
clean—you see, I use it so much. My
aunt, she lives at Fabens, and every
week I go to see her, and I get the
American papers and the magazines
and bring them back'for me and my
brother to read. Did you think that I
look like a Mexican invasion, Mr.
Texas Ranger Force?”

  The Kid looked at her and tried not
to smile. “Never mind what I think
you look like,” he blundered, and
handed back the paper which seemed
to have been much used. She reminded
him a little of a girl in Brazos Peaks—
a girl who sat in front of him in school,
and whose braid he used to twitch
sometimes just to see her scowl over
her shoulder at him.

  “Is it something very horrid ?” -she
persisted, after the manner of pretty
girls the world over.

  “It’s fierce,” declared the Kid, who
had not yet passed from the teasing to
the sentimental stage of masculinity—
or if he had done so he did not know
it yet. “But it ain’t quite bad enough
to hang you. I’ll let you go this time.”
“Oh, thank you, Mr. Texas Ranger
Force!” she said, in still another even
more provocative tone. “So good you
are to me, that looks so fierce!”

  “Say, I wish you’d quit calling me
that,” the Kid broke out impatiently,
but with a very apparent willingness to
continue the argument. “I ain’t the
whole force, quite.”

  “No? But I thought you were. You
act as if you were, and the American
army and all.” With that shot, calcu-
148

THE <PO(PUL/JcR MAGAZINE

lated, no doubt, to render him speech-
less for some time, she struck the little
gray pony with a switch she carried and
rode away from him with much more
enthusiasm than speed, since the pony’s
lope had about the same stride as a
shoo-fly rocking-horse made for small
children.

  The Kid could have overtaken her
very easily, but he did not. He started
on toward the border, and he made up
his mind that he would not look back,
even. He’d show her !

  Of course he did look back within
three minutes after his decision. He
saw Miss Anita Montoya now riding
after him, but slowly, and bending low
over the saddle horn, her eyes search-
ing the ground for something. Neither
the man in him nor the boy in him
would let Van Dillon ride on until he
knew what it was that she was looking
for; that was not in human nature. He
turned and went back to meet her.

  “My bracelet—I threw up my hand
because a wind caught my hat, and it
flew off. It was so loose, anyway—
but I can’t find it.”

  “Your hand, you mean, or the brace-
let?” The Kid grinned and dismounted.

  “Mr. Texas Ranger Force, you are
not very funny,” she quelled, and dis-
mounted also.

  “Say, quit calling me that if you want
me to hunt your bracelet.”

  “I asked you wrhat was your name,
and that was the name you showed me,”
she said. “Oh, if I can’t find it—I need
it now, for the fiesta. It is of silver,
and my grandfather gave it to my
grandmother when they were engaged.
And never once has there been a fiesta
in Guadalupe without it—I shall never
dare let my mother know I lost it.”
She looked up at him quite unexpect-
edly, and met the Kid’s round, honest
eyes fixed upon her face. “Are you

coming to the fiesta, Mr. Texas-”

  “Say, my name’s Van ..Dillon,” the

Kid interrupted her, with some exas-
peration. “You’ve got an awful way
of kidding a fellow.”

  “I called you what you showed me
to call you,” she defended demurely,
“Just here is where I threw up my hand
—or perhaps it was farther along. The

wind-”

  “I never felt any wind,” Van com-
mented banteringly. “It must have been
the speed you was traveling.”

  Oh, it would be tiresome to repeat
all they said while those two hunted the
silver bracelet that had never missed a
fiesta and must not miss this next one.
The conversation of an eighteen-year-
old boy and a seventeen-year-old girl
seldom is clever enough to bear the test
of repetition, especially if the girl is a
pretty girl and not too shy to find words
easily, and the boy happens to be on
extra good terms with himself. An
hour before, the Kid’s mood would
have lent him silence. He would very
likely have given Anita Montoya an
interested glance and ridden on with-
out even knowing her name.

  As it was, before the bracelet was
found he knew a good deal about Anita
Montoya, and she knew quite a lot
about him, though not everything she
would like to have known; for instance,
she did not know just where the ranger
camp was located, and she did not know
how many men were there—for the
Kid was not quite a fool, even if he
did do foolish things, and Bill Gillis
had impressed some things very deeply
upon his mind. But she knew a good
deal more than she had known when
she first sighted him in the trail, and
behind, those black eyes writh the unbe-
lievable lashes her acute young brain
was swiftly filing away the things she
had learned.

  The Kid knew that she was an aw-
fully pretty girl, and he liked to hear
her talk in that funny, book fashion,
with an odd little Spanish twist, some-
FIVE HUNWE^D HEM FO<R A <RANGE<R

149

times, to the words, and very little of
the crude slang he was accustomed to.
He knew that he had found her brace-
let of silver at least a rod from where
she had first told him she threw up
her hand—that was why the finding
took so long—and that he was glad
Bill Gillis wasn't along; he wouldn't
have had the nerve to put the bracelet
on her wrist, and wish it on, if Bill had
been there. He knew that she seemed
to think he was the candy kid, all right,
and that he hoped he wouldn’t have to
stand guard Saturday night, so he could
slip over to that dance he was invited to.

  What he did not know was this: He
did not know that Miss Anita Montoya
had not thrown up her hand to save
her hat from going off in a wind, but
instead had made sure that he was not
looking, and had then tossed her brace-
let of silver down in the edge of the
weeds beside a bush that she had
marked well, and had ridden on two
rods or so before she turned the pony
around. Also he did not know that
Miss Anita Montoya rode on to Fabens
with a note from a certain person in
Mexico to a certain person who would
call for it at the house of her aunt
whom she was to visit. The note con-
cerned a shipment of guns, and was
folded very flat and was tucked under
the insole of Anita’s right shoe. And
that was why she screwed up her mouth
when she was walking along beside the
Kid, talking about the fiesta. The note
had managed to wrinkle under the ball
of her foot, and it hurt.

  When the Kid rode in to camp that
afternoon, he had nothing to report to
Ranger Kent. He had ridden faithfully
the highway and a few of the blind
trails that led from it, but he said he
had not found anything. A mere brace-
let of silver that must be worn to a
fiesta was not, the Kid decided, of any
official interest to any one, so he did
not mention it even to Bill Gillis.

CHAPTER III. \

  Undersheriff Gatewood, having sold
at auction the worldly possessions of a
man who lived down below Fabens on
the river, found his way to camp in
time for supper that night. He had
I>een one of the famous citizens’ posse
sent down to Pirate Island to prevent
a threatened invasio‘n of rebel bandits
a few months before, and he had not
forgotten how to find the place; also
he remembered that the chuck in a
ranger camp is worth riding a few extra
miles—at any rate, there he was, with
a tin plate piled full on his lap, and a
cup of hot coffee in his hand and a
grin on his sun-reddened face. Be-
tween mouthfuls he gossiped of events
up El Paso way.

  The Kid, inclined to silence and to
rose-hued meditation, came out of a
retired spot to refill his cup and to get
more beans on his plate; him Sheriff
Gatewood spied and recognized with
a surprised hello.

  “Say, you’re the kid that brought in
them gun runners—white man and
three greasers—ain't you, the other
day?”

  “Yup,” said Van cheerfully, and
rolled his eyes to see if Kent and the
others had “got” that proof of his

prowess.

  “Your prisoner broke jail that same
night—Jim Lyons he calls himself here.
They think a Mexican trusty helped
him out. He didn’t have far to go,
a-course, to get over the line among his
friends. Too bad—a fellow takes all
kinds of chances running in some snaky
devil like that, and then them simps
don't know enough to keep him. I
know Jim Lyons from away back. He’s
a bad one, too; gun fighter and one of
the nerviest smugglers working on the
border. Used to be over in New Mex-
ico till it got too hot for him. You
boys have heard of him—Scar Face
they call him over there. Stands ace-
150

THE cPOcPULAcR MAGAZINE

high with the Mexicans, and that’s what
makes him so hard to get. He’s safe
soon as he steps over the line. Pretty
good work, Kid—bringing Scar Face
into camp. Was it you shot up his gun
hand ?”

  “That was Bill,” said the Kid shortly,
and retired into the shadows with his
plate and cup.

  Over his coffee cup, Bill’s eyes dwelt
upon the Kid for a full half minute
before he turned to Gatewood. Half
an hour later he followed the Kid when
he went to look after his horse.

 “What was Jim Lyons doing over
on this side—and away down here,
Van?” he inquired casually, after he
had made sure that no one was within
hearing.

 The Kid jumped. “Jim Lyons?
Why—is he over on this side?” He
did it pretty well for one of his age.
If nature had not given him a pair of
round, innocent blue eyes that grew
bigger and rounder than you would be-
lieve when he was under mental stress
of any sort, he would have done it
much better. As it was, Bill chuckled
deep down in his throat like a baby
when you first tickle its toes.

  “That’s all right, son. Nobody else
is wise—but between you and me the
trail must run straight and open to the
sky. Sabe ?”

 “Yes, but I don’t know what you

mean-”

  “Oh, yes, you do. Sure, you know.
It didn’t surprise you enough to know
that Jim Lyons was loose. So you
must have seen him; so he must be
down here—and he must have been on
this side . Kid, your face hasn’t learned
to lie yet. It will after a while—it’ll
have to. You know, I wondered what
made you hit the camp so happy—and,
Kid, I’m glad he got away; I am, for
a fact. How’s his hand ?”

  “Getting better,” said the Kid, and
then flushed to his collar at having been

trapped so easily. “Aw, thunder!” he
grumbled. “You know everything.”
Again Bill Gillis chuckled conta-
giously. “A man learns to read faces
like he reads range signs. He has to.
What did you tell him, Kid?”

  Van faced the older man with a sud-
den frankness that might easily turn to
defiance of Bill’s opinion. “I told him
he was taking too long a chance, com-
ing over here,” he said. “I told him
there was a ranger camp pretty close,
and the river was being watched.”
“Well, you told him enough,” Bill re-
marked dryly, after a pause. “Chances
are you didn’t tell him what he didn’t
know already—but you want to look
out how you go handing out informa-
tion. Don’t answer questions for any
stranger. Anything they think it’s
worth while to ask about, you take it
for granted we don’t want them to
know. I’ll tell you something, Kid.
Ortega’s pushed his men up close to
the line—probably to receive the guns
and ammunition he’s bought over here
before Orosco beats him to them. If
they made a mistake and stepped over,
they wouldn’t mind at all—and you
heard the record Jim Lyons has got.
You’re square with him now, Kid. But
if you meet up with him again, bring
him to camp just like he was a greaser.
Personal feelings, Van—we can’t af-
ford to have any when they run foul
of our duty. Ranger work comes first,
if it was your brother or mine that had

to suffer. And Jim—--”

  “I know,” the Kid cut in impatiently.
“But he was only after tobacco at Fa-
bens, Bill. I had a package I just
bought, and I gave that to him and told
him to beat it. He wasn’t doing arry
harm; he didn’t have a chance to. He
w?ent back.”

  “Well, that’s all right—this time. We
won’t say anything to Kent, of course;

but next time-”

  “I know—I don’t have to be told.”
The Kid turned away, and Bill went
FIVE HUN<D<RE<D HEAD FO<R A ‘RANGE'R

151

over and made sure that his own horse
had plenty to eat before he strolled back
to camp.

  The Kid looked after him doubtfully.
It was queer how Bill always got next
to everything; he must be a mind
reader. And then the Kid grinned.
Bill, it occurred to him, did not know
quite everything, after all; he did not,
for instance, know about Anita Mon-
toya and the silver bracelet and the
fiesta and the invitation which he fully
meant to accept. Bill wasn’t a mind
reader, exactly, even if he did have an
uncanny way of jumping at a conclu-
sion and landing flat-footed on a fact.
The Kid decided that, much as he hated
keeping secrets from Bill, it would be
just as well if he did not mention Anita
Montoya and the fiesta. He knew about
how Bill would look at the matter; Bill
would spring that you-never-can-tell
stuff, and then go to preaching again.
And while the Kid thought an awful lot
of Bill, he did hate to be preached at all
the time. He presently forgot Bill al-
together, and began to wonder what a
fiesta right among .the revolutionists
would be like.

  He supposed it would be risky, going
over there alone. He supposed he’d
better give Anita a tip not to tell any
one he was a ranger, or some smart
Aleck might try to do him up and col-
lect the bounty. They’d have a sweet
time trying—they wouldn’t catch him
with his eyes shut, or get a chance to
knife him in the back. He’d like to go,
and stay as long as he liked, and leave
—and then let them find out that there
was one ranger that didn’t give a dam
for the bounty on him. He’d try and
see Anita again and fix it up with her
to tell who he was after he had gone.
He hoped he wouldn’t have to stand
guard Saturday night.

  For that matter, the Kid did not
stand guard Saturday night, and the
reason for that lies in what happened
on this night, while he was still up-

borne in spirit because of his two
chance meetings during the day.

  The Kid was stationed close to the
boundary line. He had what is called
the middle guard, which is that part
of the night when healthful youth
sleeps soundest. The Kid had been in
the saddle all day, and the night was^
very quiet. Because he must make no
noise, he could not walk up and down
a certain beat, as he had supposed sen-
tries must do; he had to stand or sit
in one spot, and he had to listen for
any little suspicious noise, and he had
to stare into darkness, and he had to
keep awake.

  For an hour or so the Kid did very
well. He leaned back against a great
cottonwood tree, and his wide eyes
stared into the blackness before him
that was Mexico. He had enough to
think about—for an hour or so. There
wasn’t much to this night-guard busi-
ness—he began to suspect Bill of tell-
ing things just a little bit scary for his
benefit. Of course, a fellow gets
sleepy-

  Very cautiously—though he could
not see anything to be particularly cau-
tious about, even if there was a bunch
of revolutionists within a few miles;
it wasn’t us they were fighting—very
cautiously, because caution had been
dinned into him, he moved a few feet
to one side, and sat down on a stump.
But there were ants in that stump, and
he must have stirred them up, or some-
thing. He picked two off his neck and
one oif his hand, and then he moved
back to the tree.

  You bet a fellow can get sleepy stand-
ing in one spot in the dark! The Kid
knew what ailed him—he had been go-
ing without a smoke. Of course, Bill
wouldn’t approve—but there wasn’t
anybody close enough to smell a ciga-
rette or see the glow of it. The Kid
leaned his carbine against the tree, got
out his papers and tobacco, and by
the sense of feeling alone he made. a
152

THE VOVULAtR MAGAZINE

cigarette. He felt better already, more
awake. He found a match, and he
scratched it on the bark of the tree
beside him—and “Pow-w!” called a
rifle from out there in the dark; and
“sput-t” the bullet struck, six inches or
so below his hand and the match blaze.
His carbine tilted toward him from the
jolt of the bit of bark pried loose close
against the barrel.

  Van jumped behind the tree, his car-
bine in his hand cocked and ready to
shoot. Only, there wasn’t anything to
shoot at after the swift flash out there
of exploded smokeless powder. He
didn’t exactly know what to do. No-
body had told him what to do in a case
like this; so he did nothing, which was
all that was expected of him.

  Men came running toward him from
the camp, and one from farther down
the low ridge. This was little Charlie
Horne, and he reached the Kid first,
and found out that he was not hurt at
all, and that he had merely lighted a
match, and was pretty well scared at
the result.

  “Now, don’t you let it worry you,”
Charlie muttered comfortingly while
the others were coming up. “It was
a close call—believe me, kid, those
greasers can shoot! But you won’t pull
off a stunt like that again, so just con-
sider you learned cheap. If Kent bawls
you out, just grin and take your medi-
cine, but don’t go and feel bad about
it. We all make mistakes.” He gave
the Kid a hasty pat on the shoulder,
and slipped back to his own station
before Kent arrived. His sympathy
was the only pleasant feature of the
occurrence, and heartened the Kid even
when Kent ordered him back to camp
and left Bill Gillis in his place.

  “I’ll trust my life to a cripple any
time before I will to a kid,” Kent
grunted, and did not say anything
afterward to ease the smart of it.

  So that is why the Kid did not have
to stand guard Saturday night. Kent

wouldn’t trust him on guard; you’d
think, by Jove, that it was a crime for
a fellow to get shot at. Kent expected
a fellow to know everything without
being told anything. How was the Kid
to know that some one was over there
watching for a chance to pot him in
the dark? Kent never told him. Char-
lie Horne was the only one in the bunch
that acted human about it; even Bill
had that What-did-I-tell-you look on
hi^s face and a kind of knowing twinkle
in his eyes, as much as to say that the
Kid wouldn’t take his word for any-
thing; and to remind the Kid that Bill
had warned him against smoking on
guard—because you never can tell.
The Kid was beginning to hate those
four words.

  He did not see Anita again, for Kent
put him scouting through the breaks
at the upper end of the island with
Davis, who rode along in solemn silence
and never let his thoughts stray from
the business in hand. But even if he
did not see Anita, he meant to dance
with her at that fiesta or know the rea-
son why.

CHAPTER IV.

  When Saturday night closed down on
the border with a whispering breeze
and bright starlight and no moon until
late, the Kid ate his supper with his
ears wide open. He heard the men
assigned their stations, and made a
mental note of the fact that Bill Gillis
was to stand guard at the trail up from
the bridge. This suited the Kid very
well, for although he meant to slip past
Bill if he could, he much preferred to
have him stationed at the trail than
some of the others. Bill would cuss
if he caught him, but he wouldn’t tell
Kent.

  He muttered something about putting
Eagle on fresh grass, and went oft
through the dusk to the natural meadow
where the horses fed. He pulled the
picket pin, coiled the rope, and led
FIVE HUN<D<RE<D HEA<D FO<R A <RANGE<R

153

Eagle across to the farther side of the
open, with no attempt at concealment.
In a grassy notch in the surrounding
thicket he staked Eagle out again, made
sure that there was no brush within
the radius of the rope, and carried his
riding outfit over and placed it care-
fully beside the picket pin. Then he
went and took care of Custer for Bill.
Alter that he went back to camp and
went to bed.

  As carefully as though he was a pris-
oner planning an escape, the Kid had
planned the details of his going. He
lay well over on his side of the bed,
with a fold of the blanket tucked under
his back so that Bill would not feel the
Kid’s trousers and boots when he
crawled in. He turned so that he could
creep out of bed with the least possible
movement of the blankets, and when
Bill came over and started to undress,
the Kid was muttering unintelligible
sentences more convincing than a made-
to-order snore.

  He completely fooled Bill Gillis,
which proves how well he did it. Bill
got into bed, for an hour or two of
sleep before he went on guard, very
carefully, so as not to waken the Kid,
who grunted “Get that mule outa-
mmmmm” and moved so that he lay
still more on his face and grinned to
himself at the consideration Bill was
showing. In ten minutes—they seemed
an hour—Bill began to breathe against
a relaxed palate that vibrated gently.
The Kid waited half a minute longer
—he thought it was ten or fifteen min-
utes at the least—and then he slid very,
very carefully out of bed, so as not
to waken Bill.

  Hard as it was to do, he actually got
away from there without being heard.
He knew just where he could creep
through the bushes easiest, and he knew
just where the shadows would lie thick-
est at the edge of the meadow. He had
picketed Eagle in that notch because a
shallow washout ran back of it, and in

the bottom of the wash was a soft soil
and not much brush. He could get
away down the gully without much
danger, and once he was beyond the
guards work his way to the road. Get-
ting back was not so simple, because
he was not sure that he could strike
that particular gully in the night from
the other end. If he tried and missed
it he would run into Rudd very likely,
which would not be pleasant.

  In not much more than half an hour
the Kid rode cautiously out into the
blind trail more than half a mile from
camp. The gully had really been a
short cut, and he wondered why Kent
didn’t make some use of it. There
were a good many bets that Kent over-
looked, it seemed to the Kid.

  He was too much pleased with him-
self, however, to waste any time think-
ing of the shortcomings of his chief.
He felt that he had achieved something
—which he had. He had put one over
on the camp that time; on Bill Gillis
especially. Next time Bill handed out
a lecture the Kid could come back with
some of that You-never-can-tell stuff.
Some time, when the play came right,
he intended to tell Bill about to-night.

  A strange man was on guard at the
boundary line, but the Kid showed him
his star, and rode on unquestioned,
though not unwarned.

  “Say, kid, Daniel in the lion’s den
has got nothing orr you, riding over
there to-night,” the guard exclaimed
admiringly. “You want to look out—
believe me, that’s a trip I dunno as
I’d care about taking right at this
time.”

  “You ain’t a ranger,” the Kid pointed
out patronizingly.

  “Nor I don’t want to be; and you
better not go hollering it yourself.
Maybe you know your own business
best, but if it was me I’d say I was a
vaquero for Terrazas. That’ll let you
out if they go asking questions. Ter-
razas has got so darned many on his
154

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

pay roil he don’t know half of ’em
himself, I reckon, and a lot are Ameri-
cans.”

  “Thanks,” said the Kid, not too ironi-
cal. “I’ll do that if I get up against
it. So long; I’ll be back in three or
four hours.”

  “If some greaser don’t take a notion
he’d like to start up in the cattle busi-
ness,” the river guard supplemented
significantly.

  “They won’t trade in my hide for
milk cows!” the Kid retorted confi-
dently, and rode away, laughing. These
fellows that were so afraid of their
skins ought to get a job clerking in a
shoe store, he reflected.

  After him, coming frcfrn the deep
shade, stole a much-bedecked individual
with a green sash and a red-and-yellow
serape and a greedy look in his eyes.
But it was some distance to where his
horse was tied, and the first fifty yards
must be traversed crouchingly, so that
the tall weeds would hide him. By
the time he was mounted and in the
trail, Van was far down the road and
getting farther every pulse beat. For
when youth rides to a merrymaking his
steps do not lag.

  Long before he reached the place, the
lights of the town winked invitingly.
By the time he had passed the sentry
of Ortegos—and he passed that sentry
because he remembered the name of
Terrazas and used it, and because
gringos are ignorant pigs who could
not be expected to know the password,
and the sentry let him go as such—
the music of the fiesta came drifting
out to him in tantalizing snatches as
the breeze quickened or died.

  With the sentry behind him, the
Kid’s spirits rose; as for his courage,
that never had ebbed. He did not know
enough to be afraid of what lay under
those lights yonder. . Certain precau-
tions he took, and felt himself equal
to any untoward circumstances. He
did not ride directly toward the music

and the lights; he--circled the village as
warily as a she-bear circles her kill,
and he made sure of different street
ends which might offer a welcome pas-
sage to the open* beyond. Just outside
the circle of scattering lights he staked
Eagle with the rope he had brought
along. There was grass, and the horse
could feed while he waited.

  The Kid took his six-shooter from
his hip and slid it inside his shirt in
a “sleeve holster” he wore, pinned his
star well back on the lining of his coat,
pulled the wrinkles out of his collar
and the twist out of his tie, took off
his hat and combed his hair down into
place with his fingers, and started for
the dance and the girl whose guest he
considered himself to be.

  He hated to go in his everyday
clothes like that, but it was that or stay
away. He hated to think that he had
to sneak in, as it were, but perhaps
that would add to the meeting the tang
of adventure which Anita Montoya
would like. He had an idea there was
a good deal of dare-devil in that girl,
and if she knew the risk he was taking
—of course she knew it! Bill said
they grow up knowing all about that
reward business.

  His shoulders squared as he saun-
tered forward down a narrow cross
street that was empty, toward a main
street that seemed Jx> bulge with the
crowd and the noise. His hat he pulled
low over his eyes—some one might rec-
ognize him—and his cigarette he
smoked with much carelessness of
manner, as if such scenes were familiar
to the point of being a bore.

  At a long adobe building where the
crowd seemed to concentrate, he
stopped and leaned against the wall.
There was a sign whose meaning he
could get, even if he did not know
much Spanish—“Palacia de los Fies-
tas,” which, if it did not look much like
a palace, was at least doing its share
FIVE HUN<D<RE<D HEM FO<R A <RANGE<R

in the fiesta. Within was music—a
pensively haunting Spanish waltz.

  Outside was carnival. There were
games going on, and there was much
laughter and shouting and buying of
sweets, and plenty of plain, everyday
flirting. It seemed to the Kid that half
the men were soldiers—he knew them
by the arms they carried, and by a
certain air of conscious importance
which they seemed never to lose. As
for uniform, there was none that he
could see; serapes of every. shade and
many patterns they wore; and the
high-crowned, native sombrero. As for
the rest, they seemed to favor plain
dungaree suits with pleats down the
trouser legs. There were girls and
girls; black-eyed girls who laughed a
great deal and were proud of their
clothes, just as every girl under the
sun is proud of her holiday finery.
Coquetting under their close-drawn lace
mantillas, sending swift glances here
and there seeking fresh conquests.

  But none of them looked like Anita
Montoya. He gave each slim shape
the second glance to make sure, and
he returned a smile or two and got
a hostile male glance or two that proved
he was considered sufficiently danger-
ous. When the Kid went over to the
place of music he had an extra little
swagger in his walk and the conviction
that he could have all kinds of part-
ners if he wanted them. But he was
faithful to his tryst; he was still look-
ing for Anita.

  He saw General Ortega—or so he
judged from the deference paid the
man and the swift Spanish greetings
as he passed through the crowd—and
he was surprised to find him not at all
a splendid person, but a very ordinary
individual whose insignia of rank
seemed to consist chiefly of the broad
band of red and white which he wore
on his hat. Still he did not see Anita.
He went inside the place of music, and
stood a moment just within the door.

Soldiers, circling past with senoritas
smiling on their arms, glanced at him
sharply from under broad hat brims.
On the benches and chairs ranged
around the wall sat others who also
gave him sharp glances of appraise-
ment. He could not see the faces of
these; the serapes were for the most
part drawn up to the coal-black, un-
friendly eyes, hiding the features as a
Turkish beauty hides her charms.

  It seemed to the Kid that he was
rather conspicuous standing there by
the door, and he moved a few feet to
one side and sat down at a little round
table—of which there were many—
with his back to the wall and his
round, boyish face to the crowd and his
eyes always seeking for Anita Montoya.

  A man came negligently toward him
—a man well-muscled, stealthy-eyed,
with a jagged white scar on his left
cheek bone. The Kid looked at him
with that betraying, widened glance
which he would have to outgrow7 if he
ever meant to hide his feelings success-
fully. Jim Lyons shot him an oblique
glance which had in it something coldly
malevolent, and sat down at the next
table—also with his back to the wall
and his face to the swirling crowd. The
Kid braced himself mentally against
the malevolence, and with his foot he
gently moved a chair that might be in
his way if he should want to make a
dash for the door. Jim Lyons, he
knew, need only speak one word in the
ear of one of those swarthy-skinned
fellows, and he would have no leisure
for Anita Montoya even though she
might stand before him.

  Jim Lyons’ hand, that Bill Gillis had
seared with a bullet when the hand had
been lifted for a treacherous blow at
the Kid, was no longer in a sling. The
Kid noticed, that, though it was still
bandaged, he could use it a little. Then,
since Lyons made no hostile move, he
went on looking for Anita.

  Presently from ont the crowd of
THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

dancers she came swaying, her lips
curved in a smile that was not for
him, but for her partner, her black eyes
turning here and there to greet those
she knew among the onlookers. The
Kid forgot all about Jim Lyons, all
about those strange, silent watchers
who masked their faces with bright-
hued serapes and let no little thing es-
cape their sharp eyes. As the girl
danced nearer and nearer, the Kid half
rose from his chair. Then she saw
him, and he settled back against the
wall because of something he had read
in her face.

  Her hand, that held a fan half closed
against his shoulder, guided her cava-
lier toward the table. She stopped
there, with a swift murmur of Spanish
words to her partner. Both hands she
pressed upon the table, and looked
straight into Van’s eyes. She was not
smiling.

  “But you should not have come here,
you foolish boy!” she said softly, but
with a certain fierce reproach. “I was
joking when I asked you. I tried to
see you again to tell you not to come.”

  “You asked me,” Van told her
bluntly. “You said you would learn
me the Spanish waltz.”

  “I will not dance with you. What
a fool, to come here—you ! I thought
you would know better. If you have
any sense you will go back as quick
as your horse can take you.”

  “I’m going to dance,” said the Kid
stubbornly. “If you won’t dance with
me, I’ll dance with some other girl.
There’s plenty I can get.”

  “Go back, I tell you! No one will
dance with you.” She had spoken so
swiftly that no more than a minute was
gone into the past since she stopped
at the table. She had spoken so low
that even Jim Lyons, sitting near and
openly listening, could catch only a
word here and there. She had spoken
so fiercely that the Kid was bewildered
by her antagonism.

  His eyes went to the bracelet of sil-
ver which he had found and had wished
on to her arm. It had slipped down
over her hand—and it was then he no-
ticed how her hands were trembling,
and her arms; as though she was shiv-
ering with cold, though that could npt
be, since the room was suffocatingly
warm. He looked up at her, and his
eyes went farther to the face of her
escort. That individual had just laid
hand to her shoulder, and was pulling
her away with a quick sentence m his
native tongue; in his voice was hot
male anger, in his eyes was the fighting
flame.

  “Beat it!” came sharply to the ears
of the Kid. He did not know who it
was that spoke—certainly not Anita,
for she was looking into the face of
her cavalier, and she was answering in

 7	o

Spanish what he had said—explaining,
it would seem, why she had stopped to
speak to this young gringo.

  The heart-twisting plaintiveness of
the Spanish music, with its voluptuous,
pulsing accompaniment, steeped the
whole scene in a sense of unreality. It
was like a play, with an orchestra play-,
ing beyond the footlights-

  And then came the bedecked one who
had listened at the boundary and had
made haste to ride after. He stood
within the door, looking here and there
until he caught sight of the Kid. Then
he started forward, and he named the
name of the Texas Rangers as he came
on. It takes so little to fire the blood
of a people already war mad and full
of rebellion against the powers that be
that a dozen men started up cursing
at the word.

  The Kid had listened well to the
tales Bill Gillis had told him; listened
also to the others who had talked to-
gether around their supper fire in the
hollow of the grove while their com-
rades stood guard a short rifle shot
away; and now, unconsciously summing
up the wisdom he had gained there, he
FIVE HUN<D<RB<D HEAD FO'R A <RANGE<R

157

acted automatically as any one of them
would have acted in such an emergency.

  He sprang up with his chair in his
hands, and let it fly with a swinging
sweep that caught the bedecked one and
two or three others, and sent them
staggering back against the crowd. By
the time they got their balance the Kid
was at the doorway and through it into
the street. As he went by, Jim Lyons
jumped up with an oathrlmd flung an
impeding table out of his way. With
his gun in his hand and a threat on
his lips he slammed the two tables
together as he lunged at the Kid.

  But, as it happened, one table tilted
square across the open doorway, and
the foot of Jim Lyons caught a leg of
it, and in pulling free he turned it so
that the table jammed there in the door.
The crowd did the rest, piling" in and
holding one another back in their very
great haste to get out. It was cleverly
done. Not one of those serape-draped
fighters suspected that Jim Lyons was
not doing his best to kill the Kid.
While they fumbled the table and
jammed this way and that against it,
they believed that the Kid had no friend
on that side of the border.

TO BE CONTINUED.

     The second and concluding part of this novel will be published, two weeks hence,
in the POPULAR for January 20.

BURTON’S ONE FUNNY STORY

'T'HEODORE E. BURTON, of Ohio, at this waiting a possibility for the
Republican presidential nomination, is a man who devotes himself almost
entirely to studious thoughts and to the delivery of weighty opinions on im-
portant subjects. A man who has been closely associated with him for many
years says that he never heard Mr. Burton tell but one anecdote. Here it is,
with the circumstances which occasioned it:

    When Burton was chairman of the Committee on Rivers and Harbors in
the House of Representatives, a delegation which appeared before him to ask
an appropriation for the improvement of a certain river was peremptorily re-
fused. After the committee meeting, one of the members of the delegation
tried to argue with Burton in an effort to make him change his mind.

    “You ought to be satisfied that you know exactly where you stand,” replied
Burton. “I’ve not attempted to mislead you in any way. That reminds me of
a man named Einstein in Cleveland. He went to see his friend Jacobs, and
asked for the loan of a thousand dollars. Jacobs somewhat reluctantly gave
up the thousand. The next day announcement was made that Einstein had
gone into bankruptcy. Jacobs, on reading the list of preferred creditors, saw
that he was not among them. Greatly alarmed, he rushed around to see
Einstein.

    “ ‘What does this mean, Einstein.?’ he demanded. 'Yesterday I loaned you
a thousand dollars, and to-day you fail, and don’t even put my name among the
preferred creditors!’

    “ ‘Don’t wTorry, Jacobs,’ replied Einstein reassuringly. ‘Those other fellows
who are named preferred creditors—you are better off than they. They think
they’re going to get their money. You know right now you ain’t.’

    “So, you see,” concluded Burton, “I’m doing as Einstein did to Jacobs. I'm
not leaving you in suspense.”
 The Mystery of the Wheel Chair

By George Woodruff Johnston
Author of “ The Ordeal, ” ',iThe Hidden Clew, ” Etc.

   Thi strange circumstances surrounding the death of a political boss at
a seaside town whose bathing beach is the finest and whose municipal
government is unquestionably the rottenest of any place on the coast.

HE was layin’ back in that wheel
chair, right alongside of me,
looking as comfortable as you
please,” explained Morsch, the
shifty political go-between, wetting his
thin lips with a restless tongue. “I’d
just roused up myself, and thought he
hadn’t finished out his nap. '‘Wake
up, Crudy!’ says I. ‘It’s mornin’!’
But he didn’t take no notice. Then I
give him a shove, but that wasn’t no
good, either. Still, I didn’t suspicion
anything, y’understand. I kep’ on
thinking he was asleep, and it wasn’t
till I’d laid my hand on him that I
got wise. It felt wet—wet and warm
and sticky. The lamps along the board
walk had been turned off, but day had
broke over the ocean, and it was light
enough for me to see what had made
my hand feel that way. But I didn’t
need to see. There’s only one thing
in the whole world that could have
done it. That’s blood! And at last I
knew why I couldn’t wake Crtidy.
He’d croaked !”

be,” he sighed ruefully, “or a thing
like this wouldn’t have got my nerve.
I guess I’m growin’ old; that’s what!”

  He looked it. In the pale midsum-
mer dawn which stole through the open
windows of the hotel baggage room
where we were gathered, his ferretlike
face showred pinched and gray, his
small body seemed bent and shriveled.
He sat huddled on a trunk. He
couldn’t keep still. His gaze wandered
fitfully about. But upon whomsoever
it chanced to fall, whether upon the
manager of the house, the night clerk,
or myself, it swiftly and surely swung
back to the rolling chair standing in
the middle of the floor, with the dead
body of Phillipus Crudy, the up-State
boss, slumped upon its cushions.

 Suddenly Morsch jumped up and
started to leave the room; but before
he could do so, the manager stepped
quickly to the door, locked it, and put
the key in his pocket. W"ith that, the
politician scowled, threw away th?
stump of his cigar, and turned on him

  Morsch had begun his recital with
an air of cynical bravado; he ended
it with a shudder. Then he replaced
between his teeth the frayed stump of’
a cigar, long since grown cold, took
off his panama hat, and wTiped his
moist forehead with a big silk hand-/
kerchief. “I ain’t the man I used to

savagely. '‘Damn it, Cardiff, what do
you mean! Take that chair away, or
else let me out of here! I’ve had
more’n enough already, sleeping all
night in that infernal thing, with him
leaning up against me! It’s worse than
the tremens, just to look at him!”

  “It is, is it?” challenged Cardiff, the
THE MYSTERY OF THE WHEEL CH/H<R

159

manager, losing his temper. “Then
why did you bring him here? What
do you suppose is going to happen
when my guests come down to break-
fast? It’ll cheer them up a whole lot,
won’t it, to hear there’s a dead man
in the trunk room, and to see the
morgue wagon waiting at the door?
What were you thinking about, any-
way, Morsch? Did you want to ruin
my house ?”

  “What else was I to do?” the go-
between snapped back. “Wasn’t him
and his new wife stoppin’ here? I
couldn’t leave him stranded out there
on the board walk, could I ? Supposin’
I had—the whole thing would have
been blowed all over town in-half an
hour.”

  “Well, how are you going to keep
it from getting, out as it stands now?”
demanded the unmollified Cardiff.
“You’ve dragged him in here; what
are you going to do writh him? Get
busy, Morsch! You’ve put me in a
box; now get me out of it, and do it
quick! You shan’t sneak through that
door and leave me to do all the ex-
plaining.”

  “There won’t be no explainin’ to do.
Easiest thing in the world to shut the
matter up,” blustered the little man.

  “How, I’d like to know?”

  The politician had slid his hand be-
hind him, and he now pulled a roll of
bank notes out of his hip pocket and
held it so that it was visible to me,
but not to the others. “I guess Doctor
Dannart’s seen a lot of suicides in his
day,” he suggested meaningly. “How
about it, doc?”

  I smiled. I knew Morsch. For the
past twenty years I had been spending
a part of my summer holidays in this
seaside city, whose bathing beach is
probably the finest, and whose munic-
ipal government is unquestionably the
rottenest, of any place on . the coast;
and I had both heard much of and
had met the diminutive politician, who

often ran down from the capital, it
was understood, to bring the blackmail
levied by the local gang upon every out-
of-town corporation doing business
writh the shore. Crudy, also, I had no-
ticed about the hotel every now and
then. But I had never known who he
was until some fifteen minutes before,
when the manager had sent up to wake
me and to ask if I would come down
to the baggage room to see a man
who had been shot. I had found Crudy
already dead., A bullet had entered his
body just below the right collar bone,
and had left it at the lower edge of
the shoulder blade of the opposite side.
Hemorrhage, largely internal, had
killed him in short order.

  “Suicides? Surely!” said I, reply-
ing to Morsch’s insidious question.
“I’ve seen a good many suicides. But
this was something different, absolutely
different.”

  “What, then?” he quavered.

  “Murder!” I flung back at him.
“Willful murder!”

  “Murder ?” Once more the politi-
cian’s roaming glance swept back to
the rolling chair. He winced, and
paled. He seemed, indeed, almost on
the border of collapse. But in an as-
tonishingly short time he got a fresh
grip upon himself. “I guess you must
be mistaken about that, doc. I’m sure
you are. Think again,” he coaxed, dis-
playing his roll a little more conspicu-
ously.

  “If I am mistaken,” I retorted, more
amused than angered by his shameless
effrontery, “I’ve come across this morn-
ing, I believe, the only man who ever
shot himself in that particular part of
the body-—a site as unusual for a self-
inflicted wound of this kind as the
regions about the heart and brain are
common. No! There’s nothing in
your suggestion, Mr. Morsch, and you
may put away the bank roll with which
you are trying to induce me to accept
it.”
160

THE <PO<PULZ1<R MZ1GZ1ZINB

  “All the same, you can’t prove he
didn’t croak himself,” the go-between
argued sullenly. "The gun he used
was lying at his feet in the bottom of
the chair.”

  "Granted!” I smiled. "But if Crudy
committed suicide wrhile beside you, the
mere shock of the explosion would
have brought you up standing. Fur-
thermore, there are no powder marks
on his body, and, while we do have
soundless guns nowadays, there’s no
such thing as a vanishing bullet—yet.
If the man killed himself in the chair,
where’s the ball that did it? It isn’t
in his body, for it made a wound of
exit. It isn’t in the chair, and that it
didn’t go through the chair you can
see for yourself. Your theory is an
interesting one, Mr. Morsch, but it pre-
supposes that the boss shot himself to
death elsewhere, and then strolled along
the board walk, climbed into the chair,
and calmly sat down by you while you
slept. You can scarcely expect us to
credit that, can you ?

  "No!” I continued, examining the
weapon, which, as the politician said,
had been found on the floor of the chair
after he had wheeled it back to the
hotel. "No; this pistol may have been
the one used to kill Crudy, but the
hand that held it was not his owri.
That much is certain.”

  The go-between fidgeted about on
the trunk upon which he was again
seated. He put his roll of bills away,
and once more fell to mopping his head
with his handkerchief.

  “Humph!” he ejaculated, frowning
perplexedly. ' “Now you mention it, it
does look as if some one else done it,
and not in the chair, either. But I can’t
quite figure it out. We’d been in-Cru-
dy’s rooms, me and some other fellows,
and when we broke up after midnight,
the boss said he would see me to my
hotel. Well,"' we was all considerable
lit up, and when the tvvo of us got
into a chair on the board walk, we

told the attendant to leave us by the
outer rail so’s we could cool off. We
were both in the chair when I dropped
asleep; and we were still there when I
woke up at daybreak. According to
your say-so, doc, somebody must have
lifted Crudy out of the chair, carried
him away somewhere, shot him, and
brought his body back and dumped it
down beside me. Who the devil would
have made a fool play like that? It
sounds almost crazy enough for a
woman. Oh, that reminds me,” he in-
terrupted himself. "What are we goin’
to do about the boss’ wife, or, least-
ways, his widowr? Who’s goin’ to tell
her about this business?”

  "Don’t worry! I’ll attend to that,”
Cardiff spoke up. Then for a long time
he stared in silence at the little go-be-
tween, and finally turned to me. "Doc-
tor Dannart, I’ve heard a good deal
about your skill in the investigation of
criminal cases. Will you take charge
of this one? After what you’ve said,
I see we can’t shut it up. It’s bound
to become public in the end. But if
I notify the police now, they’re sure to
bungle it, and the reporters will be
roosting all over my place like crows
on a straw stack. You and your family
have been with me every summer for
years, and if you’ll kindly undertake
the job I know I can depend on you
to keep this hotel out of the mess if
such a thing is possible.”

  “All right,” I agreed. "But we’ll
have to send for the coroner.”

  “The coroner!” Morsch burst out,
springing to his feet. "Not him! Not
Pynket!”

  "What’s the trouble?” I queried. "Is
he leaky?”

  “No,” the politician answered. "He’s
just the other way about; he’s too
close-mouthed, and is as obstinate as
a mule. Besides, he’s greedy. He’s
bound to get us, going or coming. He’ll
either refuse to keep this matter dark,
or he’ll soak us good and plenty for
THE MYSTERY OF THE WHEEL CHAI^R	161

doin’ it—there’s no telling which. Of
course he’s one of the boys. He
wouldn’t hold office if he wasn’t. He’s
popular and pulls the votes. But, be-
Jieve me, he’s terrible hard to manage.
No; just cut out Pynket, please.”

  “What do you say, Cardiff?” I asked.
“For my part, it’s the coroner, or I
quit right now. I don’t live in this
State, but wherever I am f intend to
obey the laws, and, anyway you put
it, this is a coroner’s case.”

  “I haven’t much use for Pynket, doc-
tor ; but whatever you suggest goes,”
the manager replied.

  “No, it don’t; not here!” Morsch
protested violently.

  “Mr. Morsch,” I observed quietly,
recalling the bank notes with which he
had tried to buy me, “a little less talk
from you would be appreciated. Be
patient. Your time will come, and,
when it does, you’ll have enough ex-
planations to make to keep you busy.”

  This remark of mine had a wholly
unexpected effect. Instead of the flare-
up I had anticipated, the go-between
gazed at me furtively, and without an-
other word sat down again and began
to smooth out with unsteady hands the
wrinkles in his disheveled pongee suit.

  During the next half hour I did a lot
of work, and by the time the rising
sun showed well above the horizon I
had reconstructed the crime, and, to all
intents and purposes, had solved the
mystery surrounding it. True, I was
still hazy as to the motive which had
prompted the murder, and was wholly
ignorant of the identity of the mur-
derer. But these questions, which by
most would be regarded as of the high-
est importance, I knew from experi-
ence to be mere matters of detail that
could .be cleared up without difficulty
when the proper time arrived.

  It seemed, however, that I should be
compelled to rely upon circumstantial
evidence alone. On the board walk I
met the chair attendant hunting for
<nA

his vanished chair. But he who, next
to Morsch, appeared to be the one most
likely to have seen or heard something
of the tragedy, protested that he had
been asleep under the walk, and knew
nothing of it.

  My investigations finished, I re-
turned to the hotel, and as I mounted
the stairs which led upward from the
beach level to a broad porch that sur-
rounded the entire building, I saw a
woman just beginning to descend them.
She was slight and girlish of figure,
was heavily veiled, and carried in her
hand a small traveling bag. No sooner
did she catch sight of me that) she
started, turned quickly, ran along the
porch, and hurried down another flight
of steps at the opposite end of the
structure. But I was there before her,
and at their foot I blocked her way.

  “Mrs. Crudy,” said I composedly,
“I’m lucky to have caught you. My
name is Dannart—Doctor Dannart—
one of your fellow guests here at the
hotel.”

  I waited in some suspense to learn
if, indeed, this were the widow of the
murdered man. As I have said, her
face was hid, but in height, form, car-
riage, and style of dress she reminded
me strongly of the person I had occa-
sionally glimpsed in the dining room
and about the porches with Crudy.
Yet of her identity I was far from
certain.

  At my words the woman had shrunk
back, had then tried to elude me, and,
when I again stepped in her path, she
cried : “Caught! What do you mean
by that ? Let me pass; I’m in a hurry !”

  I glanced at the satchel in her hand.
“There’s no need of hurry,” I assured
her; “that is, if you wish to take a
train out of town. Do you?”

  “No!” Then, after a pause, she
murmured hesitatingly: “Y-e-s; have
I time ?”

  “You are too late for the earliest
train,” I replied, “and the next one does
162

THE cPO'PULAcR MAGAZINE

not leave for forty minutes. Come
and sit down, won’t you? You can
be more comfortable on the porch than
at the station. By the bye, have you
seen the manager of the hotel this
morning ?”

  She shook her head.

  “No? Then he has something to tell
you; something very urgent, very vital.
He will be glad to learn that I caught,
or, as I might have said, met you, be-
fore you left this place. It’s imperative
that you should first bear what he has
to say.”

  “I don’t understand,” the woman ut-
tered sharply, but with a perceptible
tremor in her tones. “You are an ab-
solute stranger to me. How dare you
stop me in this way! Where is the
manager? What has he to tell me?”
“It’s about your husband.”

  Again she drew back as if startled.
“My husband!” she breathed.

  “Yes; something serious has hap-
pened to him. He’s badly injured—
dead!”

I blurted this out with intentional
abruptness, my senses on the alert to
note what effect the news would have.
“Dead! He—was it an accident ?”
“No. He was murdered!” I an-
swered her.

  Then a peculiar thing happened. In-
stead of displaying any evidence of
dismay or grief, Mrs. Crudy—she had
tacitly admitted who she was—stood
silent and motionless, peering at me
through her veil. Presently—appar-
ently oblivious of what she did—she
partly lifted this, and I observed that
her pretty, young face was disfigured
by an ugly bruise that involved the left
eye and half the cheek below it. But
it was not so much this injury which
caught my attention and kept it riveted
upon her features as the changes in
expression that swept over them. I
could not distinguish and interpret all
of these, they were too varied and fol-
lowed each other far too quickly- But

if I ever saw infinite relief pictured on
a human face, it was visible on hers,
while swiftly succeeding it appeared
uncertainty, anxiety, and fright.

  At this moment a motor car swung
round the corner and drew up at the
curb. Out of it sprang the manager,
and after him a big, brawny man with
a heavy jaw and deep-set, piercing
black eyes.

  “This is the coroner, Doctor Dan-
nart,” Cardiff began. “To save time I
went for him myself, and, as we came
along, I told him all we’ve found out
so far. Shall we go up to my office?
He says he’ll view the body later on,
if an inquest proves necessary. But
who’s this?” he queried, glancing at the
woman beside me, who had again let
fall her veil.

  “It’s Mrs. Crudy,” I replied.

  Scarcely had I mentioned her name,
however, than the widow slipped past
us, hopped into Cardiff’s car, and tried
frantically to get it started.

  The coroner shot one look at her,
and seemed instantly to take in the en-
tire situation. “Stop!” he thundered.
“Do you hear me, woman? None of
that! I need you !”

  That was enough. Mrs. Crudy heard
the stern command, dismounted from
the machine, and submissively followed
the rest of us up the stairs and into
the manager’s private office. I under-
stood now why Morsch, that tawdry
little politician, himself a composite of
craft, bluster, and cowardice, should
distrust and fear this stalwart man,
with his dominant, compelling manner,
and few, sledge-hammer words.

  Once in Cardiff’s room, where we
had instructed the night clerk to take
Morsch and guard him, the coroner
fixed Mrs. Crudy with his penetrating
eyes, and without a moment’s delay
began hurling questions at her that
were as swift and hard as bullets.

  “Your man shot, eh? You trying
THE MYSTERY OF THE WHEEL CHAI^

163

to make a get-away? Lift your veil!
Hello ! Who beat you up ?”

  The girl—for she seemed hardiy
more than that—shuddered and cow-
ered lower in the chair into which,
on entering the room, she had sunk de-
jectedly. “He did,” she murmured.

  “Crudy! You can’t mean Crudy!”
the coroner sneered. “Don’t tell me
that. A fine gentleman like the boss—
he give a lady a black eye? I can’t
believe it!”

  The insolent irony of these remarks
seemed entirely lost on the young
widow. Apparently she sensed in them
only a defense of her late husband,
and this brought her to her feet, her
face flushed, her eyes flaming, her
bosom heaving tumultuously.

  “But he did!” she cried. “Yes, and
he did worse. He fooled me, tricked
me. He pretended to be a decent law-
yer, but was nothing but a low, dis-
reputable politician. He told me he
was well off, and so he was—with
money he had swindled and black-
mailed other people out of. He lied
to me, cheated me, until at last he got
his clutches on every cent I owned.
He swore he loved me, but he didn’t.
All he loved was my property; all he
wanted of me was to use me in his
shady schemes. Oh! And I trusted
him!”

  The coroner burst into a roar of
laughter. “Say, you never trusted
Crudy, did you? And with money,
too? Gosh, you were an easy mark!”

  If it were Pynket’s purpose to fan
to fury her resentment against the dead
boss, and thus goad her on to make
some betrayal of herself, he was suc-
ceeding admirably.

  “I was an easy mark,” she responded
bitterly. “We were married more
than six months ago, and I never even
guessed what sort of man he was until
last night. Then he grew careless; he
gave a supper in our suite; he asked
his real friends—the kind he’d always

kept out of my sight; such friends as
I didn’t know he had—and he drank
too much, and talked. My bedroom is
next to the room where the supper
was, and I listened and heard him.
Before he went home with you,” she
wheeled about and glared at Morsch,
“he came in to me. He wanted to kiss
me good-by! It makes my blood boil
to think of it! But when I told him
what I had learned about him from
his own lips, and vowed I would leave
him, he struck me in the face and
knocked me down.”

  “And then you killed him, did you?”
the coroner ripped out.

  The girl blanched, and caught hold
of the table^near which she had been
standing. Too late she saw the trap
into which Pynket had jockeyed her,
how he had led her on to saddle herself
with a motive for the crime. But in
an instant she regained her spirit, and
her face reddened angrily.

  “No!” she cried. “But if I’d had the
pluck I would have done it. Instead
of that, I got up and ran and locked
myself in the bathroom, and hid there
all night, expecting every moment that
he wrould come back. I didn’t know
he was dead until the doctor, here,
stopped me just now when I was hurry-
ing to get the first train out of town.
Then—well, I confess it—I thought I
might be suspected—I was frightened
—I jumped into Mr. Cardiff’s car-”

  “That’ll do,” the coroner interrupted
roughly. “You women all tell the same
story. You’re always saints; the men,
sinners.” He waved his huge, mus-
cular hand as though to sweep aside
every statement she had made save one,
and this he immediately cast back at
her:

  “Your husband talked, did he?
What did he say—not about you, but
about other things?”

  “Let up on that, Pynket,” Morsch
pleaded. “You were in it; you heard
what was said about them ‘other
164

THE VOVULACR. MAGAZINE

things.’ Forget ’em! You shouldn’t
tattle out of school!”

  Mrs. Crudy’s brows lifted in aston-
ishment. “Oh, were you there, too,
Mr. Coroner? That accounts for it.
I have been trying to remember where
I had heard your voice before. So
you were one of them, were you; one
of Mr. Crudy’s precious friends whom
he kept hid from me so long?”

  The coroner paid not the least atten-
tion, either to the widow’s questions
or to the go-between’s behests.

  "Go on! Answer me !” he ordered
Mrs. Crudy. “And be careful what
you say. Some day you may have to
repeat it under oath in court. Remem-
ber, I have the law at my back.”

  “Well, this is how it began,” she
explained, her eyes snapping. “Mr.
Morsch had brought down one hundred
thousand dollars from the city. It was
bribe money to pay for a franchise
granted here. But what’s the use of
my telling you? Mr. Morsch has just
said you were present at the supper
and heard all about it.”

  “Never mind what I heard,” the cor-
oner retorted. “It’s what you heard
that I’m after.”

  “I shouldn’t think any decent man
would care to have me repeat that,” the
widow said contemptuously. “But if
you insist I will. I heard Mr. Crudy
and his friends snarling over that
money like dogs over a bone, but no
one said as little, or in the end gat as
much of it, as Mr. Crudy himself. Nat-
urally this satisfied nobody—except Mr.
Crudy. But what could they do?
Nothing. He was their master. He
not only knew how to strike a woman
and cheat her out of her property, but
he was able to rob men and yet whip
them into line. Of course a good deal
went on that I did not understand. But
one thing was plain: However much
his friends might hate and distrust each
other, they loathed and feared him
more. Oh, they were a fine crowd!

I’ve read of such people, but until last
night I never believed they existed, or
could exist.”

  Mrs. Crudy flung these words at her
inquisitor with brutal frankness, and
in this disclosing what she had learned
she seemed to find a salve for her
wounded pride and a measure of com-
pensation for the humiliations she had
suffered. It was not the pretty, and,
doubtless, lovable young woman stand-
ing before us -who, in reality, was
speaking, but rather decent woman-
hood, disillusioned in marriage, and re-
volted at the filthy, sodden slough of
politics in which it had so suddenly
found itself immersed.

  When she had finished, the coroner
leaned forward, his elbows on the table,
his eyes transfixing her. “Was that
all?” he demanded harshly. v
“No,” Mrs. Crudy answered. “My
husband accused that man——■”

  “That’s a lie!” whined Morsch. “I
know what she’s goin’ to say, but it
never happened.”

 “My husband accused that man,
Morsch,” she went on unflinchingly, “of
receiving, not one hundred but one
hundred and fifteen thousand dollars
from the railroad, or whatever else it
was that got the franchise, and of plan-
ning to hold on to the odd fifteen thou-
sand himself without saying a word
about it to anybody. Mr. Crudy told
Morsch that if he would give him ten
thousand of this extra money he would
keep his secret; otherwise, he would
drum him out of the party and ruin
him.”

  “Prove that you heard that!” Pynket
challenged. He had dropped his brow-
beating methods now, and spoke
slowly, incisively, and obviously in
deadly earnest.

  “How ?”

  “Crudy never used those high-toned
words: ‘Give him,’ ‘keep his secret,’
‘drum him out of the party.’ What did
he say?”
THE MYSTERY OF THE WHEEL CHAl<R.

165

  Mrs. Crudy wrinkled her brows.
“Once he said, ‘come across/ ” she re-
plied hesitatingly. “He called money
‘kale/ At another place he swore he’d
‘put the red bean in somebody’s ear’
—I don't know what he meant by that.”
The coroner grinned. “That’s the
boss all right. You’ve told the truth.
I know whose ear he wanted to put
‘the red bean’ in. Now, what next?”
“Next, they quarreled.”

  “Are you sure? Would you swear
to that on the witness stand?”

  “Of course I’m sure. They sat close
by the door, those two. It was open
a little way. I stood behind the por-
tieres on the other side, and heard every
word they said.”

 “And then-”

  “Then, as it got later and they drank
more, they made up, though only half-
heartedly. Finally my husband got to
bragging to Mr. Morsch about what a
smart man he was—how ‘foxy,’ he
called it—and to prove it he told him
about me. Oh, why didn’t I kill him
then and there!”

  “Never mind about you/’ the coro-
ner interposed. “Did Crudy get his
money ?”

  “I don’t know.”

  Pynket whipped round to me. “What
did you find in the boss’ pockets, or
didn't you look?”

  “I examined them,” the manager in-
tervened. “There was no money in
them.”

  “I give him the stuff; I swear I did!”
groaned Morsch. “I seen him put it
in his pants’ pocket. It was in thou-
sands—ten of them. I kep’ the num-
bers ; there’s never any tellin' what’ll
happen.”

  “What have you got in yours? Shell
out!” commanded the coroner.

Morsch hung back until Pynket
hoisted himself from his chair and
started toward him. Then he threw
his roll on to the table in front of me.
“How much?” asked the coroner.

 I counted the money. “Fifteen
thousand and thirty-seven dollars.”
Instantly his tormentor turned on the
little go-between.

  “You said just now, Morsch, that
you had split with Crudy. How comes
it, then, that he’s got nothing on him,
while you can show the whole of that
extra fifteen thousand you soaked
those parties in the city? How about
it, I say? How did that ten thousand
hop back from the boss’ pocket into
yours ?”

  Morsch spluttered, mopped his head,
grew garrulous. He explained and re-
explained that whereas five of the fif-
teen thousand dollars in his possession
did constitute part of the additional
sum he had grafted from the railroad
people, the remaining ten thousand
was his own, had nothing to do with
the rest, and, most positively, was not
the ten thousand out of which Crudy
had bunkoed him.

  “It looks to me as if you thought I
done the boss,” he wailed. “But I
didn’t know a thing about it till 1
waked up and felt that wet, sticky

stuff-”

  “Where’s the gun?” the coroner
broke in, addressing Cardiff.

  The manager produced the weapon
from his safe, and laid it on the table.

  “Is that yours, Morsch?” Pynket in-
terrogated.

  “No. I never toted a revolver in my
life. I can prove it.”

  “Whose is it, then?”

  Mrs. Crudy looked closely at the
pistol, and touched it gingerly with the
tips of her fingers. “I recognize it,”
she averred. “It belonged to my hus-
band. I never knew why he carried a
revolver until I learned last night what
sort of people he ran with/’

  “There’s one of them!” cried the
coroner, frowning viciously at the go-
between, and thumping the table with
his big fist. “Own up, Morsch! You
took the gun from his pocket while lie
166

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

was asleep; you shot him with it, and
then you robbed him of the money he’d
forced you to split with him.”

  Pynket “broke” the revolver, put his
eye to the muzzle, and squinted into
the barrel. Then he swung the cyl-
inder around with his thumb.

 “Look!” he added, passing the
weapon to me. “One shot has been
fired, and only one. Crudy got that.
Besides, the smudge in the barrel’s
fresh. Come, Morsch! The game’s
up!” He turned to the hotel manager.
“I’ll phone for a couple of plain-
clothes men, if you don’t mind, Car-
diff.”

  “I do mind a whole lot!” the latter
objected excitedly.

  Pynket stopped on his way to the
telephone. “Oh, I see! You don’t
want any fuss around the hotel; is
that it ? I can fix that easy enough;
bracelets on behind his back, a light
overcoat over his shoulders to hide
them, and then your car. People’ll
think it’s an early golf party motoring
out to the links.”

  The coroner reached the instrument,
and laid his hand on the receiver. It
was a ticklish moment for Morsch.

  “Hold on, Mr. Coroner!” I cried as
he called out the number he desired.
“There’s no smudge here! This barrel
is as clean as a whistle!”

  Pynket spoke no further into the
telephone, but spun round and faced
me.

  “What!” he exclaimed. “I guess I
know what I’m talking about.”

  “It may be,” I admitted respectfully,
“and I don’t profess to share your ex-
pert knowledge of firearms. But, nev-
ertheless, in my judgment, this revolver
would look smokier, dirtier, if it had
been fired off, even once, within the
past six hours. To be frank with you,
if I am called as a witness at the in-
quest held over Crudy’s body, I shall
feel compelled to testify that to the
best of my knowledge and belief this

is not the weapon with which he was
killed. And if such an opinion should
prevail the whole case you have so
skillfully built up against Mr. Morsch
would fall to the ground. Still, I’m
open to conviction. Show me a per-
fectly clean weapon to compare with
this one—by the way, Cardiff, have you
got such a thing about?”

  “No,” the manager replied.

  I shrugged my shoulders, and laid
Crudy’s pistol upon the table.

  “Here’s one, you babe in the woods !”
Pynket laughed, drawing from his
pocket a revolver of the same caliber
as the' boss’, and offering it to me.
“Just take a look at the insides of the
barrels of those two guns, Crudy’s and
mine, and you’ll see the difference in
a minute.”

  I “broke” his weapon, glanced at the
muzzle and at the ends of every car-
tridge in the cylinder, and clamped the
barrel down again.

  “Well, I guess you’ve seen enough
to convince you, eh ?” the coroner
smiled scornfully, reaching out for his
revolver.

  “Yes,” I replied calmly; “I have seen
enough to convince me.”

  Then, without an instant’s warning,
I leveled the pistol at his stomach.

  “Hands up, Pynket,” I cried, “or I’ll
fire! I arrest you for the murder of
Boss Crudy!”

  I had been overconfident; had, after
all, misjudged my man. The last word
I uttered had barely passed my lips
when he fell upon me like a thunder-
bolt, and, before I knew what had hap-
pened, he had knocked the revolver
from my grasp, and I lay flat on my
back, with his huge hands gripping my
throat.

  For a moment I was helpless, and
had it not been for my knowledge of
anatomy I should have been strangled
to death before the others had recov-
ered their senses and come to my re-
lief. With a violent effort, I threw into
THE MYSTERY OF THE WHEEL CHJ=H<R

167

play the powerful muscles which de-
press the lower jaw, and thus forced
mine down until the point of my chin
was almost in contact with the top of
my breastbone. This maneuver dis-
lodged the coroner’s viselike clutch
upon my throat. Again and again he
tried to jam my head backward that
he might recover it. But his efforts
were futile; the windpipe lay safe be-
hind the strong, wedge-shaped barrier
of the under jawbone, a barrier that,
despite his enormous strength, he could
neither thrust aside nor crush.

  Then, his hands being busy and mine
free, I gripped his head^ with all the
power I could summon and bored the
ends of my thumbs into the two little
pits—one near the inner end of the
bony arch that roofs each eye—through
which two nerves emerge from the in-
terior of the skull. As every surgeon
knows, squeezing these sensitive nerves
against the unyielding bone beneath
produces pain which is simply intolera-
ble. So it proved now. And in less
than two minutes I had Pynket sub-
dued and laid out, face downward, on
the floor, where I held him while Car-
diff bound his wrists together behind
his back with the first thing suitable
that came to hand—some tough, insu-
lated wire from an electric fan.

  “Better tie up his legs also,” I sug-
gested, as soon as I had sufficiently re-
covered my breath. “I’ve had all the
exercise I want before breakfast.”

  With this, I relaxed my hold on the
man’s head and glanced about me. The
room seemed all at once to have be-
come profoundly still. At her former
place beside the table stood Mrs. Crudy,
looking very white and gazing at Pyn-
ket and me with astonished eyes.

  Our prisoner now secured, I turned
him over on his back and searched his
pockets. For me it was an anxious
moment. Would I find therein that
which I sought, or had I gone too far
and laid myself open to arrest for un-

provoked assault, and to a ruinous suit
for damages? At last I grasped some-
thing in my hand. I drew it forth. I
glanced at it nervously, then assuredly,
then jubilantly.

  “There, Mr. Coroner!” I cried, dis-
playing what I held so that he might
clearly see it. “There is the final
strand needed to weave the rope that’s
going to hang you—a roll containing
ten one-thousand-dollar bank notes, the
exact amount, and in the precise form,
mind you, that Morsch declares he was
compelled to give up to Crudy as the
price of his silence. But wait!
Morsch, didn’t you say you had the
numbers of these bills? Read them
aloud!”

  The go-between removed a slip of
paper hidden behind his hatband, and
called off the figures written thereon.
These, at my request, Cardiff checked
with the numbers of the notes I had
discovered in Pynket’s pocket. They
were identical.

  “You may wish to know, Mr. Cor-
oner,” I remarked, “how I learned that
you had this money, and found out
the way in .which you got it. I’ll tell
you. You were watching; you saw
the boss leave/ Morsch asleep in the
rolling chair; you followed him until
he reached a certain desolate, ill-
lighted spot, a spot midway, and in a
direct line, between his starting point
and his probable destination—the Turk-
ish baths, which are located near the
beach and some three hundred yards
from this hotel. There you confronted
him; you demanded this hush money;
he refused to give it up, and you there-
upon killed him and robbed him of it.”

  Pynket, his massive jaws clenched,
his piercing eyes roving about the room,
now stabbing me, now searching for
some possible means of escape, lay on
the floor, apparently deaf to what I was
saying.

  “To find that spot,” I nevertheless
went on, “was an easy task. Taking
168

THE cPO<PULAcR MAGAZINE

as a center the place on the board walk
where the wheel chair had stood, I
moved around it in ever-widening
spirals, until I discovered what I was
after—blood. It lay on the planks of
a narrow footway crossing the sands;
and nowhere in the neighborhood was
either a bench or a chair to be seen.
This last is all important, for it leads
to the inference that Crudy was stand-
ing or walking, and was not sitting
down when shot.

  “The course of the bullet within the
body, remember, was from above down-
ward. It is fair to assume that it trav-
eled in the same direction before it
struck the body; that is to say, was
fired downward at Crudy by some one
standing over him. Of course, if
Crudy happened to be seated at the
critical moment, anybody standing up
would have overtopped him; for in-
stance, a man as short as Morsch, or
a woman of Mrs. Crudy’s height. But
he was on his feet, and, therefore, a
downward-moving ball to have entered
his body as high up as this one did
must necessarily have come from a
point considerably above him, which
means that he was shot by a person
much taller than he, hence by some one
far exceeding the average in stature.
Not Morsch, not Mrs. Crudy, but you,
Mr. Coroner, are such a person.

  “Again, there was no sand, nor any
scratch, tear, or abrasion, on or about
the boss’ clothes or shoes. From this
it follows that his body was not
dragged, but was carried back to the
wheel chair. Could Morsch, could Mrs.
Crudy have done that? No. Only an
exceptionally strong man, a man like
yourself, Pynket, would have been
equal to such a job.

  “Now, as to your motive. Mrs.
Crudy has said that no one in that room
last night was satisfied with his share
of the plunder there distributed, and
she added that all present loathed and
feared her husband. Domineering,

avaricious, and conscienceless as this
wretched go-between has told us you
are, Mr. Coroner, and forceful and
capable as we have seen you ,to be, it
is not hard to imagine how you, of all
others, must have resented being bossed
by Crudy or by anybody else, and how
especially you must have raged at be-
ing euchred by these two fellow ban-
dits out of a share in this precious
windfalls—this extra fifteen thousand
dollars of blackmail. You hated Crudy.
You have practically admitted that it
was you he had in mind when he threat-
ened to ‘put the red bean in somebody’s
ear,’ which signified that he purposed
to ‘get’ you at the first opportunity.
You likewise hated Morsch. And after
you had shot the boss, a brilliant
thought occurred to you. You would
make it appear that Morsch had killed
Crudy, and thus be revenged on both.”
As I said this, the coroner raised
up his head and struggled fiercely to
be free. But his bonds held, and he
sank back, infuriated at his helplessness.
Thereupon, I continued imperturbably:
“In your cross-examination of Mrs.
Crudy, Pynket, you showed how plau-
sible such an idea could be made to
seem solely from the evidence you so
deftly extracted from her. But in exe-
cuting your plan you did the most fool-
ish thing of which one could possibly
conceive—-just such an act of folly as
every criminal appears foreordained to
perform, in one shape or another, at
such a crisis. After shooting the boss,
what did you do? You took the ex-
ploded shell out of your revolver and
put it into the one he had carried, and
with an unexploded cartridge from his
weapon you filled the chamber thus
made vacant in your own. Then you
threw Crudy’s pistol—with one ball
missing—into the rolling chair in which
you laid the body. That was a fine
stroke. Together with Mrs. Crudy’s
story of the quarrel between her hus-
band and Morsch, and the other facts
THE MYSTERY OF THE WHEEL CH/ilcR.

169

you elicited from her, this made the
case against the latter look almost im-
pregnable, while by cleaning the barrel
of your own revolver you sought to
divert suspicion from yourself.

  “But you forgot to do one thing.
You neglected to examine the two car-
tridges before you exchanged them.
Had you done so you would have dis-
covered, as I did—after I had in-
veigled you into letting me see your
weapon—that whereas they were of the
same caliber, they zvere of different
make. The tiny letters stamped upon
the brass ring encircling the central
copper cap are, in the two shells, ab-
solutely unlike. In short, each re-
volver contains one cartridge taken
from the other; but the mates of the
one exploded shell in Crudy’s zveapon
occupy the chambers of your own.

  “Let me hold them out to you, Mr.
Coroner, in order that you may see
what an extremely painful joke you
played upon yourself when, in this art-
less fashion, you tried to implicate one
of the choicest spirits of your party,
Mr. Morsch, in the sudden taking off
of Mr. Crudy, the revered boss
thereof.”

  As I finished speaking, Cardiff
looked at his watch, and then drew me
aside.

  “Doctor,” said he nervously, “in ex-
actly twenty minutes the dining-room
doors will open for early breakfast.
We started out with one problem—-
what to do with Crudy’s body. Now

we have two more on our hands. How
on earth are we going to solve them?”

  With this, he glanced successively at
the coroner and Mrs. Crudy. Follow-
ing his gaze, I observed that the cour-
age and defiance bred of the girl’s re-
sentment had evaporated, and that now,
looking quite friendless and forlorn,
she leaned back in a chair, her eyes
closed wearily, her hand nursing her
injured face.

  “Twenty minutes! Why, that gives
us lots of time for everything,” I re-
assured the manager. “First, as to
Mrs. Crudy. She’s bruised in body and
in spirit, and is utterly worn out. I’ll
phone up to my rooms, and in ten min-
utes my wife will be mothering her.
Crudy’s body we can get to the morgue
before the first guest comes downstairs,
if you’ll call up the mayor right away
and explain the situation to him. And
as for Pynket, he himself has told us
precisely what to do. Don’t you re-
member what he suggested in regard
to Morsch ?—bracelets on behind his
back, a light overcoat over his shoul-
ders to hide them, and then your car.
As things have turned out, it will be
the coroner who will wear the brace-
lets, but otherwise his plan can be car-
ried out to the letter. And I’ve no
doubt that as we hustle him to head-
quarters it will be just as he prophe-
sied—people who see us from the hotel
porch, if there be any such, will think
we are an early golf party starting to
motor out to the links.”

CAPABILITY

^JEAR a small Wyoming town there is a capable lady of great executive ability,
who, besides being an ardent suffragist, an active member in church circles,
a dominant figure in all local women’s clubs, manages a ranch in connection with
her multifarious household duties.

    A visitor stopping at the front gate to. ask for her, heard a loud commotion
in the rear.

    “Yes, she’s home,” replied friend husband, who, in the life partnership, is
nil, “but she’s busy.” He added, in a voice which had an acid edge: “She’s out
in the back yard, teaching a queen bee how to swarm.”
Reel Stuff

By H. C. Witwer
Author of * ‘ Whipsawed, ’ ’ VThe Emancipation of Rodney," Etc.

IL—ASSISTING THE JUDGE

                  Reading, Pa.

April 10, ’15.

FRIEND GEORGE: I guess you
must have sent that twenty by
the Erie because I never got
it in Pottstown, probably it
will pull in there to-morrow, all tired
out, ch ? I’ll bet they think my
last name is Pest at the post-office in
Pottstown—I stalled around there all
morning hoping you would send in. I
would have slipped you, George, if you
had needed it like I did. To get right
down to it I often have—I’m not say-
ing this to bring up bygones, George,
but if you remember you are in me for
$1.87 from that box of cigars we give
the manager in Bridgeport last year.
I guess you must be shy yourself or
I would have the twenty, eh George?
The guy at the General Delivery win-
dow says to me the fifteenth time I
asked him if there’s anything for Tom
Brennan:

  “Are you waiting for the vote on
Prohibition or to find out if it’s a boy
or twins ?”

  I suppose if I had took a wallop at
him I wouldn’t have done myself no
good, they would probably have rail-
roaded me for assaulting the U. S.
government or something, eh George?
Well, this here Levy didn’t answer my
wire until about four o’clock in the
afternoon. You know how I felt by
that time George, I didn’t have a nickle
—I thought sure you would come

through with that twenty—did you get
my letter?—and as I told you in my
last, if you got it, I even blew my ticket
to this burg playing seven up with the
hotel clerk, after these Canfields here
had taken me in a poker game. I hope
you have kept all this under your hat
like I told you. Well, by four o’clock
I’m figuring on starting a little three
card monte or something when along
comes this wire from Levy. I am
copying it off. Here’s what it said:

Tom Brennan, Agent, Hercules, Pottstown,
   Pennsylvania.

  Get advance from house manager. Make
Reading or quit.	Abe Levy, Mgr.

  What do you think of a rat like that,
eh? Well, I took the wire to Jepson,
the manager of the opera house and
showed it to him.

  “Ain’t your show got no money?”
he says.

  “Money!” I says. “Why, Steve L.
Money himself is behind this film com-
pany. This Levy guy is a great kidder,
he’s probably laughing his head off now
for sending me this. But I got to go
away from here, so just let me take ten.
I’ll give you an I O U and when Levy
gets here he’ll give it to you right
away.”

  “Ha ! Ha !” he says. “You and Mr.
Levy are both ladders, ain’t you? I
got a rule pasted right up here in the
box office against giving advance men
money. Fellow came in here ahead of

This series began in the POPULAR for December 20.
‘REEL STUFF

171

a dog and monkey circus one time and
I let him have two dollars. If his
show ever came into this town it must
have been between 3 and 4 a. m. be-
cause I never seen it or him neither
after that!”

  You see what I was up against,
George? Some crook had got to that
guy and for the rest of his life he’ll
figure everybody is crooked. There’s
nothing like being on the level, George,
unless of course, you don’t expect to
make the town any more. After I had
worked on that Jepson guy for an
hour, I got him where he let me have
five dollars. I tied up my paper then
and came on to Reading. I’ll write you
a letter to-morrow and let you know
if the twenty got here all right. I left
word at Pottstown to have it forwarded
in case you came through. Tom.

  P. S. I stuck one over on this here
Jepson guy like I told you I would for
that poker game. I gave him an I O U
for the five he let me have. The same
is made out in regular legal form only
I signed it with some of that trick ink
we got in Bridgeport last summer. It
fades away in an hour. When he
shows it to Levy I would like to be
there.	Tom.

                   Centralia, Pa.

April 12, ’15.

  Dear George : The guy that laid
out the route for this picture must be
getting a cut from the railroad. I
wouldn’t be surprised if we jumped
from the next burg to Sydney, Aus-
tralia. I go from this tank to another
watershed called Biddleboro, 110 miles
up the line. I finally got some money
from Levy in Reading. He sent me
thirty dollars, so I will be able to get
by for about a week now. When I
went down to get my paper at the rail-
road station here, the baggage man calls
me to one side.

  “I’d like to see this here picture, mis-
ter,” he says.

  “How many?” I says, taking out my
pass book.

  “Well, let’s see,” he says, cocking one
eye. “There’s me and Martha and Joe
and Freddie and little Tommie and
Ann-”

  ‘Wrait a minute!” I says. “I’m not
taking the census—leave room for the
orchestra. I’ll give you a pass for four,
that’s the limit!”

  He took the pass as if he was doing
me a favor and I’ll bet when I went
away he called me a cheap bum or
something, eh, George? That only left
him three to sell, see? Well, George,
I left Reading so warmed up over
Hercules that they’ll have to throw po-
lice lines around the town when my
picture gets there. I was busier than
a one-armed paper hanger all the time
I was there, as I’m a couple of days
late, but I made a train out to this Cen-
tralia place last night. Before I left
Reading I had supper in the dining
room of the good hotel. You know,
George, that I’m as loose as ashes
with my money when I have it. Re-
member how I came through with that
$1.87 for you in Bridgeport? But I
figures that this Levy guy is new to
me and I can’t take no chances because
I’m getting further away from Times
Square every day. Well, when the bis-
cuit shooter left the check at my plate,
I took a trial balance and found I was
getting pretty close to the cushion,, so
I wrote out a pass for two and left
it by the plate. I was just going out
the door when she nails me and hands
me the pass.

  “I guess you forgot this in the ex-
citement,” she says. She held up my
meal check.

  “Oh, no!” I says. “I left this for
you,” and I pushes the pass into her
hands.

  “I’m not saving autographs this
year,” she says, edging me up to the
cashier’s desk. "That went out long
ago—it’s silk flags now. I never heard
172

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

of Hercooles and I don’t care to meet
no strange wops. If you don’t come
through I’ll call a cop!”

  Well, they had me right, George, a
couple of big huskies come walking
over and I figures it’s no use starting
anything there—it would only knock
the picture when it came in, so I let
them take six bits away from me. I
never beat anybody out of a nickle,
George, if I can help it, but I got as
much right to look out for myself as
anybody. Am I right ? That’s the
worst of these small-time burgs, they
think every strange guy with a clean
collar and a shine is out to trim them
and if you stole the whole town you
couldnt’ hock it for bean money.

  Well, so long, George, I hope that
twenty don’t get lost following me
abound, eh?	Tom.

              Biddleboro, Pa.

                         April 15, ’15.

  Friend George: Well, George, I
told you I was going to give you the
low down on this Hercules guy, so I
will tell you about him now while I am
waiting for the train. Hercules hung
out in Rome or some place like that
right after it was built. I told you
before what a husky citizen he was.
Willard couldn’t have stayed a round
with him. Well, like all these guys he
fell for a skirt, so he went to her old
man and told him about it. The old
man was about as strong for Hercules
as I am for Levy, but he don’t want to
start nothing, knowing he’ll only get
the worst of it. So he says:

  “All right, Here, you come around
to-morrow and I’ll give you the ver-
dict !”

  So Hercules goes away and the old
man stays up all night trying to dope*
himself an out. Finally he draws up a
list of twelve jobs for this Hercules
guy to work on and then he turns in
and hits the hay, satisfied that he’s got
the Indian sign on Here. The next

morning Hercules is around bright and
early. The old man takes him in the
parlor and gives him a cigar. Then he
says:

  “I got a few little things here for
you to do before I can take you on as
a son-in-law.”

  With that he hands Hercules the list
of the twelve jobs. We have the same
list on the program and here it is I
copied it off:

  Strangling the Nemean Lion.

  Killing the Lernean Lydia.

  Capturing the Ceryneian Stag.

  Capturing the Erymanthian Boar.

  Cleaning the Augean Stables.

  Slaughtering the Stymphalian Birds.

  Capturing the Cretan Bull.

  Capturing the Man-eating Mares of Dio-
medes.

  Securing the Girdle of Hippolyte.

  Fetching the Red Oxen of Geryon.

  Getting the Golden Apples of the Hes-
perides.

  Bringing to the Upper World the Three-
headed Dog Cerebus.

 Some layout, eh, George? Well,
while Hercules is giving this the up and
down the old man is laughing to him-
self and patting himself on the back
for being a bright little fellow. “Here’s
where Here quits cold!” he thinks.
But somebody had give him a wrong
steer on Hercules. Here gets up and
yawns.

  “This will be soft for me,” he says.
“I’ll be around in a few days for your
daughter.”

 Another guy would have walloped
the old man and taken a chance. I’d
like to see Levy pull something like that
on me and get away with it. Well,
Hercules went out and cleaned up on
the old man’s list and got his daugh-
ter. Levy probably wired for the
movie rights as soon as the flash came
that Hercules had put it over the old
man.

  You can see from this that we have
considerable picture, eh, George? Of
course half of it is phony. Hercules
probably went out and framed up these
<REEL STUFF

173

Lernean Lydias and Stymphalian Birds
and they laid down. But he got away
with it and that’s the big idea, George.

  Well, so long, George, don’t take no
plugged nickles, I’ll write you some
more from Ashton, Pa., the next burg.

Tom.

  P. S. I’ll bet when I get that twenty
the envelope will be all covered with
addresses, eh, George?	Tom.

                  Ashton, Pa.

April 17, ’15.

  Dear George: I just got a letter
from Levy saying the picture was a
riot in Pottstown and is going to be
held over for two more days. I guess
that’s bad, eh? You know I don’t like
to hand it to myself, but I never met up
with no advance men that had any-
thing on me yet. Of course Levy will
say it’s the picture, but you know your-
self George when you got a live one
ahead you can get by with murder.
Why, I’ll bet Nero wouldn’t have got
six people to see the Hons and the mar-
tyrs in stock, if he hadn’t had a good
man doing the press stuff. Levy didn’t
say nothing in his letter about the I O
U I gave the guy in Pottstown, so I
guess Jepson is a good loser and didn’t
say anything about it. Well, at the
bottom of Levy’s letter he says this will
be a hard town because a picture called
“The Dangers of Della,” in six reels,
showed here a week ago and might
have killed it dead for us. He says this
will be a chance to deliver the goods
and to get out and get busy.

  In a burg like this, the best place to
start work is the hotel. The clerk
knows everybody and he can generally
lean over the counter and call the roll
because most of the anti-suffragettes
are sitting in the lobby, reading the
Police Gazette and keeping the cuspi-
dors in their proper place. Well, after
getting the bill poster busy, I takes an
armful of half sheet lithos and goes
back to the hotel

  “Good morning,” I says to the clerk,
slipping him a pass. “How many will
the firemen allow in the opera house?”
“Well,” he says, “it holds 6oo, but
we had 786 in there at the last Odd
Fellow’s benefit—didn’t we, Mr. Al-
ters ?” he calls out to an old guy who’s
reading the register as if it was a
French novel.

  The old guy marks the place with his
finger, looks up over his glasses, and
misses the cuspidor by a foot.

  “Seven hundred and eighty-nine,” he
says, and goes on reading.

  “Well,” I says, “there’ll be 790 in
there next week, gimme a cigar!”

  I slides one of the half sheets on
the counter so the clerk could see it.
It showed Hercules worrying the Ne-
mean Lion or something like that. The
clerk looks at it with no more interest
than if it had been a copy of his uncle’s
will, leaving him all.

  “Looks like some picture!” he says
finally. “But we had a moving picture
here last week that was the greatest
thing I ever saw. Why, in one scene
an automobile goes right off a bridge
into a river. Had three people in it,
toor—didn’t it, Mr, Allers?”

  The old guy turns over a page in the
register.

  “Four 1” he says, without looking up.
“Well,” I says, “we sent that picture
ahead to give you a slight line on this
one. This here litho is about the dull-
est scene from the film.” I showed him
some more. “There’s nearly as many
people in this here picture as there is
in Ashton,” I says. “The last town
we showed in people stood in line all
night for tickets and thousands were
turned away. Why, the mayor of the
town wrote me such a pitiful letter ask-
ing to see the picture before he died, he
had a serious case of barber’s itch and
was sinking fast, that I took the film
over and gave a special show at the
city hall.”

' “Well,” he says, “they got a pretty
174

THE VOVUU1<R MAGAZINE

good crowd at that other picture, but
they would have done better but for
one thing.”

  “Who was he?” I says.

  “If you go out on Main Street,” he
says, “you’ll see some of their bill-
boards, it’s probably up there yet.
One picture shows a horse race and
there are about ten horses in it. They’re
supposed to be coming down the
stretch. Well, we all got talking about
it before the picture came here and Mr.
Allers here went up there and studied
the bill board and he saw that a little
black horse was leading. So he came
back and made a little bet with Council-
man Bowes that the little black horse
would win. It ain’t often that Mr. Al-
lers gambles with his money like that,
although they say he was a high flyer
in his younger days. Anyhow he fig-
ured from the way Councilman Bowes
talked that he hadn’t seen the billboard,
and that little black horse was so far
ahead that Mr. Allers was willing to
risk his money on it, particularly as
they was coming down the stretch.

  “Well, they went to the opera house
that night to see the picture all excited
and everything, and when the horse
race came along they was only four
horses in it and a white horse with this
Della riding it won the race and Mr.
Allers who had bet on the black one
from the billboard lost eighty-five cents.
The manager of the picture told him
that the other horses had been dis-
qualified.”

  Well, so long, George, if I get that
twenty I will let you know right away.

Tom.

                Bloomsville, Pa.

                          April 21, ’15.
Friend George: I would have writ-
ten to you before but I couldn’t get no
paper and envelopes in the Ashton jail
and I only got out last night. I was
there for two days and I’m lucky I
didn’t get sent up for life. You know

I told you in my last that Levy told
me to get busy in that town because he
thought the other picture would hurt
our business. His idea being for me
to dope out a stunt to get the natives
in the opera house when Hercules got
there. I doped out a stunt all right and
I’ll bet when this picture hits Ashton
they’ll have to put the screen up on a
lot, because the opera house will never
stand up under the rush for tickets.

  The city hall in Ashton had a point
on the top like a church steeple and the
opera house is half way down the block
on the other side. If they had built
them next door to each other I would
never have been in jail. It’s the first
time I was ever in one except once in
1910—but that was only for beating a
hotel bill. Well, I worked one whole
day on a scheme to put Hercules over
in Ashton and finally I hit on a plan
to let them all know Hercules would
be in their midst next week. I got
the loan of a dummy from a tailor by
giving him a pass for two shows. When
I first went in he wanted me to deposit
my right eye for security, but I made
him see it my way and got away with
it. I wrapped the dummy up and took
it up to my room at the hotel. Then
I dressed it in an old pair of pants and
hid it in the closet. I went over to the
opera house then and dug up the bill
poster which I made into a regular fel-
low by buying him a couple of drinks.
I told him my scheme and he said it
was the best thing he’d heard of since
Prohibition failed to pass the state sen-
ate and he agreed to help me put it
over. We went down in the property
room and found a couple of big cow
bells, a lot of rope and a half a dozen
roman candles, left over from the elec-
tion celebration. I took them all back
to the hotel with me and made the bill
poster promise to meet me there at mid-
night.

  He was there to the dot. I met him
outside and we took the dummy and
<REEL STUFF

175

the rest of the layout and went over
to the opera house. I planted him and
the stuff on the roof while I beat it
over to the city hall, found the ladder
where he said it would be and went
to work. It was some dark night, be-
lieve me, George, and I might have
broke my neck climbing and fussing
around there in the dark, but I finally
got on the roof of the city hall and
fastened the end of rope I was carry-
ing right on the top of that little pointed
steeple. The whole burg was sleeping
peacefully and it was so quiet I could
hear the billposter breathing on the roof
of the opera house. Well I beat it
back to the opera house roof, hanging
on to the other end of the rope and we
fastens that end there. Then we sticks
a roman candle into each of the dum-
my’s wooden hands, ties the cow bells
where they would do the most good and
put a loop around the whole business
on the line running from the roof to the
city hall steeple. I had fixed it so the
dummy would slide slow to the other
end when I started it. I hung a sign
around the dummy’s neck, it said,
“Hercules is Coming!” the bill poster
lit the roman candles—and we let her

go.

  Well, George, that there dummy slid
along the rope with the bells ringing
and the roman candles sputtering about
as slow as a rifle bullet. When it hit
the city hall I thought it was going
over—some of it did—the little point
at the top went away from there, but
the dummy stayed. Noise? A charge
of cavalry would have gone unnoticed
alongside of that! The crash when the
dummy hit the city hall woke up Ash-
ton from one end to the other. Win-
dows commenced banging up, heads
sticking out and I heard a few wild
yells here and there. Some guy comes
running out of the fire house across the
street with a shot gun in his hand. He
didn’t have on nothing but a white
nightgown and just as he got set in the

middle of the street, the roman candles
opened up. A couple of little red balls
bounced off this guy’s head and he fell
down four times getting back to the
fire house. Another little blue ball
went through a window of the hotel
and a gang of the town’s defenders who
were coming on the run climbed over
each other as the red white and blue
bullets poured into their midst. Even
though I felt I’d get the worst of it,
George, I nearly fell off the roof laugh-
ing. The whole town was there by
that time, but they were all satisfied to
see the show from the back of the
house, the front rows were empty
George. Friend bill poster was there,
too, I guess, because he had left me
flat when the first candle went off.

  George, while it lasted it was worth
five dollars of any man’s money for a
ringside seat. But the dummy was
through when th*1 roman candles gave
out—so was I. - crept down through
the opera house to the street and
ducked around in back to the hotel.
I sneaked up the fire escape in the back
and finally got in my room. I hadn’t
been there a minute when I heard them
running up the stairs. I jumped into
bed and pretended to be asleep.

  “Come out or I’ll break down the
door!” some guy yells through the key
hole.

  I got out of bed and walked over to
the window. George, the census is
wrong when it says there are only
5,000 voters in Ashton, Pa. There was
a million anyhow under my window.
I figures that Levy has been a pretty
good guy to me and it’s up to me to
help him get his money out of Her-
cules so I opened the door. If I only
had myself to think of I would have
made them guys step some—I’m a
pretty bad guy when I’m right, George,
you know that yourself.

  “That’s him!” yells the hotel clerk,
pushing through the jam.

  “Wait a minute!” I says. “I’m not
176

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

Hercules—Hercules is a picture, I’m
the advance agent for it. It's the great-
est moving picture ever thrown on a

screen. Why, men, it cost-”

  “Never mind that!” the guy with the
sign butts in. “It’ll cost you something
before we get through with you! Come
with me!”

  Well, he had a gun, George, and all
his gang was with him, so I went along.
They took me over to the jail and threw
me in a cell. The next morning I was
brought before a justice of the peace.
The S. R. O. sign had been outside the
court house all morning—there wasn't
hardly room for me when we got there.

  The judge cleared his throat and
picks up a long piece of paper. It
looked like a ticket to Frisco on the
Erie.

  “You, Thomas Brennan,” he says,
"are this day before me charged with
malicious mischief, disorderly conduct,
attempted arson, in_ ;ng a public edi-
fice, felonious assault, and violating the
curfew law. How do you plead ?”

  “All I can say,” I says, “is that I
got a lovely future, ain’t I ?”

  “Enter a plea of not guilty,” says
the judge turning to some other guy.
“You will be tried at the fall term, and
meanwhile, I’ll fix bail at $10,000. Can
you furnish it?”

  “I ain’t got no change,” I says. “Can
you break a bill ?”

  “Ifake him back!” says the judge.
He called after me as I was being hus-
tled off, “You had better send for a
lawyer.”

  “One lawyer would be useless to me,”
I says. “Send them all in.”

  I hadn’t been back in the cell five
minutes when the judge comes in to see
me. He chases the keeper away and
pulls me over in a corner of the cell.

  “Not a word!” he says winking at
me. “You’ve done this town a favor,

boy, although I doubt if you could get
anyone to believe it right now. How-
ever, I do. I have fought this miserly
town council and the picayune mayor
for five years to take the tax surplus
and build a new court house and city
hall to replace the miserable coops that
desecrate the town at present. They
pooh poohed me—now, on account of
your enterprise, they’ll have to build
one of them anyhow.”

  “Judge,” I says, “you are certainly a
regular fellow to look at it like that—
but that ain’t going to get me nothing

just now-”

  “Early to-morrow morning,” he says,
“there’s a train stops here long enough
to take on milk. If you were at the
railroad station by then do you think
you could board it?”

  “I can beat that, judge,” I says. “If
you let me out of here I’ll make it on
the wing!”

  Well, George that good old man
shakes my hand and says he’ll square
everything all around and that the next
morning I’ll find the door of the coop
unlocked. Before he went I asked him
if he had seen any of the display the
night before personally.

  “My boy,” he says, “when that pyro-
technic machine gun got in action and
removed the two remaining hairs from
the revered head of our respected fire
chief I laughed so much I like to broke
my fool ribs,” and he took off his
glasses and wiped his eyes.

  Well, George, everything come out
like he said. The keeper left the door
open in the morning and I lowered the
track record for the mean distance, as
they say, to the railroad station. I got
the milk train out and called it a day.

  I’ll never take no billposters on my
staff any more, George. That guy
probably pushed the dummy too hard
off the roof, eh-?	Tom.

    The third story in this series, entitled 11 Score One for Bisselburgwill appear
in the January month-end POPULAR.
The Free Hand

By Peter B. Kyne

Author of “ The Man Behind, ” “Realism, ” Etc.

SYNOPSIS OF FIRST PART

      At the age of thirty Tom Warren felt he had gotten nowhere in the world, being merely an
ordinary customshouse inspector. He provided comfortably for his widowed mother, but taking to him-
self a wife, under the circumstances, was out of the question. Ruth Spencer, his sweetheart, feared
that Tom lacked backbone and ambition. So her father thought, too. Old John Spencer was a maq of
ability and money, and he disliked to think that his daughter had given her heart to a man of small
caliber. Opium was being smuggled into San Francisco in incredible quantities. No one seemed to
be able to stop it. Graham, the deputy inspector, was under suspicion. One day a seeret-serviee agent
from Washington comes on to Frisco to investigate. In & moment of anger and haste Tom Warren declares
that he could round up the Opium Ring, if he had the chance. Graves, the seeret-service man, tells
Tom that his wish is granted; that he has six months in which to prove his boast. With some trepi-
dation at the magnitude of his task, Warren begins his hunting down of the powerful opium interests.
A faithful German, Karl Wemple, and a young chap named Lind are his trusties. At the end of five
weeks Tom is on the trail hot-foot. Lind has observed some queer checking of boxes consigned to one
Rhui On, a Chinese merchant, and, furthermore, Karl Wemple and Tom unearth contraband opium aboard
the steamer Mongolia. It looks as if Shui On were the key to the Opium Ring, and Tom and his
helpers are watchful and wary.

(A Two-Part Novel—Part Two) ,

CHAPTER XI.

AS soon as his seizure of opium
had been safely stowed in the
appraisers’ building, Tom
Warren hurried back to the
mail dock. He had had no sleep, but
the fever of the chase was in his blood.
The Mongolia was to sail the second
day following, and if there was any
more of the drug on board he intended
to find it. He said nothing to Karl
Wemple of his interview with Lind.
Tom had little opportunity to talk with
the old inspector alone, and, besides, he
wanted to work this out by himself.
Wemple had taught him a thing or two,
and he was steadily growing more self-
reliant, but it would be another little
triumph'to spring on Karl as a surprise
when the right moment came. More-
over, Wemple had his hands full with
the sear-chers, and. if necessary, they
could thrash out this new problem to-
gether after the liner sailed. Warren

<CisA

was learning the lesson of patience, and
was soon to find out that he did have
“backbone”—despite Ruth Spencer’s
assertion to the contrary.

  It was close to noon when Tom War-
ren and Karl Wemple came up out of
the engine room. They were hot and
tired, and the want of sleep was begin-
ning to tell on Warren. The fresh air
braced him, and he sat down on a hatch
coaming in the well deck, and felt in
the pocket of his dungaree for a cigar.

  The M ongol-ia’s cargo had been
transferred to the dock, and she was
coaling from a barge alongside. The
“bamboo men” were clearing the dun-
nage from the bottom of the hatches,
and a Chinese sailor was rigging a fall
on the mast, thirty feet above their
heads. A piece of heavy machinery
was to be taken aboard, and a cargo
gaff was being swung into place as the
inspectors came on deck. They watched
the busy Chinaman for a while, then
178

THE ,<POcPULA<R MAGAZINE

Wemple suggested that they wash up
and go to lunch. Karl led the way to
the gangplank. Warren, following
him, stopped for an instant, and rapped
the hollow iron mast with his knuckles,
for the instinct of the chase was strong.

  The pause came nearly being fatal.
Something flashed from the sailor’s
hand, whizzed through the air, and,
passing within an inch of Warren’s
head, struck him a glancing blow on
the shoulder and bounded to the deck.
He leaped backward, with a cry, and
clapped his hand to his shoulder, just
as Wemple turned and picked up an
iron marlinespike. The old inspector
looked aloft and . cursed the sailor
roundly. The Chinaman jabbered pro-
testingly, evidently in apology for his
clumsiness, and started to slide down
the mast.

  Wemple looked at the marlinespike
for a moment, then tossed it aside, and
turned to Tom Warren, who was still
rubbing his shoulder. “It vos a narrow
cscape, Tommy,” he said. “Better we
get out of here and pretend you don’t
think nothing of it. There’s something
in the wind, sure. They’re trying to
lay you out, Tommy.”

  “Nonsense, Karl!” protested Warren.
“The boy dropped it accidentally.’-

  “Sure—accidentally—oil purpose !
Better you keep your eyes open. Old
ICarl ain’t such a fool all the time.”

  The incident of the marlinespike was
quickly forgotten in the intricacies of
the search. Warren spent a busy,
thcugh fruitless, afternoon on the liner,
arul it was an hour after quitting time
when he ordered his men to knock off
for the day.

  It was late in the fall, and by six
o’clock the water front was dark. War-
ren, dog-tired, decided to go home for
supper and a good night’s sleep. He
changed his clothes quickly and left the
dock, taking a short cut along the front.
The Mission Street cars had their
eastern terminus at the Ferry Building,

and he would be sure of a seat, while,
if he waited for the other inspectors
and took the roundabout course by way
of Third Street, he would have to
stand up all the way home.

  The going was rough, but it was fa-
miliar ground to Tom Warren, and he
made good’ time. Once he thought
he heard footsteps behind him, and
stopped. Perhaps some one else was
taking the short cut. Evidently his
ears had deceived him, however, for,
although he peered into the darkness,
no one came out of it, and the sound
was not repeated.

  He turned into Embarcadero Street,
and, as he neared the old transport
dock, the lights of the Ferry Building
twinkled welcomingly, and he saw an
electric car rounding the curve from
Mission Street. He breathed easier.
Unconsciously his nerves were strung
to a high tension, and the lights were
a relief. A coal bunker loomed darkly
in front of him, and, just as he passed
it, making a detour to avoid a lumber
pile that he almost stumbled over, there
was a sudden rush of feet behind him,
a heavy object struck him between the
shoulders, and he pitched forward
against the pile of lumber, half falling,
half sliding, to his knees in the coal
dust.

  The breath was fairly knocked from
his body ; he was sorely hurt, but as he
crumpled up against the boards he
turned, instinctively reaching for his
gun, and saw four figures leaping to-
ward him out of the darkness. He
fired, as he drew, and, though the shot
went wild, it had a deterrent effect upon
his assailants. They stopped for an in-
stant, blit in that instant reenforce-
ment arrived from an unexpected
source. Warren’s head reeled, the gun
dropped from his hand, but through the
haze he heard a wild “Hurroo!” and a
scramble of feet on the loose boards.
A revolver barked over his head.
THE FREE HAN<D

179

  Warren’s next conscious move was
a sputtering effort to rid his throat of
a fiery liquid that was choking him the
while it revived him. He felt the up-
lift of a muscular arm beneath his
shoulders, and heard a soothing voice in
a rich brogue as his rescuer bent over
him.

  “Sure, it’s Gawd’s own blessin’ I had
a pint av hootch in me* pistol pocket.”
The voice of the unknown Samaritan
seemed to the dazed inspector to pro-
ceed from an immeasurable distance.
“Divil a worrd out of ye now, me lad,
but down this flask av fixed bayonets
like a sinsible man.”

  Warren struggled and gurgled as a
firm hand held the neck of the flask
to his mouth. Presently he managed
to rid himself of the fiery gag, and,
with the stranger’s help, he sat up. He
leaned, exhausted, against the lumber
pile, coughing and weeping from the
“crawl” of the water-front whisky, a
fair portion of which had managed to
find its way down his protesting throat.

  “Who the devil are you ?” he man-
aged to gasp in tones anything but
grateful.

  “Not givin’ ye a short answer, but
what’s it to ye ?” retorted the stranger
brusquely. He struck a match, and,
after groping around a moment in the
coal dust, he' found Warren’s gun and
handed it to him. He snorted disgust-
edly.

  “An’ so that’s the popgun ye carry,
an’ four crooks layin’ for ye ? The
more fool you! Get yerself an auld
service revolver, wit’ a long barrel, an’
ye may hope to hit somethin’. Praise
be, I had wan o’ that same litter on
me, as wan av yer friends knows to
his sorrer. Sure, the two that stayed
carried No. 3 away wit’ them, while
another flew up East Street like a bat
out av hell. I aimed for his iegs, but
what wit’ me nerves upset an’ twitchin’
’tis more nor likely I hit him high

enough for permanent damage. Glory
be, but you’re some cop—I don’t
think!”

  “I’m a custom inspector,” retorted
Warren, “and I wasn’t expecting to be
jumped, although the attack doesn’t
surprise me. They would have killed
me if you hadn’t interfered. I owe you
my life, Mr.—er-”

  “Divil a mister about it, but Sergeant
Thaddeus McSorley, av the Twenty-
ninth Infantry.”

  “I see. You got in from the islands
011 the Rosecrans this morning, I take
it?” He smiled sheepishly. “I’m glad
you got home in time, Sergeant Mc-
Sorley. I’m certainly obliged to you.
Are you on guard here at the transport
dock?”

  “Man, dear,” said the Irishman plain-
tively, “did ye ever find an auld soger
dhrunk on jooty? Divil a bit! When
the throopship docked this mornih’, I
slipped ashore. I’d just come off guard
an’ was wearin’ me side arms, an’, with-
out waiting to ditch me artillery, I run
across from the dock for a bit av a
dhrink. I forgot to come back.”

  For the first time in his life, Tom
Warren felt grateful for the fact that
the army contained at least one thirsty
soldier.

  “But what were you doing here be-
hind this lumber pile, sergeant?” he
asked.

  “Shleepin’ off the effects av the cam-
paign. Ye must know,* sir, I’ve been
fightin’ Gineral Jawn Barleycorn all
day long. I attacked in force, but the
auld codger flanked me, an’ took a
month’s pay as the prize av war. I be-
came demoralized, an’ separated from
me command in the retreat—sp’akin’
plain English, I was' howlin’ drunk, an’
mayhap disordherly. So I found me a
quiet shpot back av this lumber pile,
an’ was sleepin’ soundly, whin the
sound av firing woke me up. ‘Musha,
now,’ says I to meself, says I; ‘they’re
180

THE cPOQPULAcR MAGAZINE

dhrivin’ in thg outposts,’ an’, wit’ that,
I dhrew me gun an’ wint into action.
’Tis the mervcy av Heaven I didn’t kill
ye. I’ve been fair sphoilin’ for a fight
all day, an’, to tell ye the truth, ’twas
the wan thing needed to sober me up.
Are ye feelin’ betther, agra ?”

  “I think my back’s broken,” quavered
Warren. "‘They hit me with something
—a lump of coal; I guess. The Harbor
Hospital’s only a few blocks away, up
at the foot of Mission Street, and if
you’ll help me to the hospital, sergeant,
I shall be your debtor.”

  “Faith I will that same,” retorted the
bibulous one; and lifted WTarren to his
feet.

  “Thank you,” murmured the inspec-
tor gratefully. “If you should get into
trouble with your commanding officer
on account of your little spree, I shall
be glad to write him a letter, and en-
deavor to square you. I’m Mr. War-
ren, acting deputy surveyor of the port
of San Francisco. It isn’t much of a
job, but the title sounds impressive,
and we have an engraved letterhead.”
“Don’t throuble yerself, sor. Me en-
listmint’s up the day afther to-morrer,
an’ t’will be aisier to discharrge me than
thry me be summary court.”

  “Then you do not intend to reenlist?”
“Misther Warren, sir, I’m a sinsi-
tive man in me cups. Have a care
would ye make fun av nle.”

  “Then I- take it you’ve had your fill
of soldiering?”

  “I have that! ’Tis back to civil life
an’ a job for Thaddeus McSorley. Sure
only fools an’ horrses wurrk, but then
I was always a fool!”

  Warren took the sergeant’s arm, and
the pair began their unsteady progress
up the bulkhead. Warren had suddenly
glimpsed the tag end of an idea, and
the bibulous sergeant fitted into it to a
nicety. A little later, when McSorley
should be thoroughly sobered, he de-
cided to have a serious talk with him.

CHAPTER XII.

  At the Harbor-Emergency Hospital,
the night steward examined Warren’s
aching back, and discovered an angry
red bruise between his shoulder blades.
He bathed the sore spot with liniment,
and, after resting for half an hour,
Warren decided to go home. He tele-
phoned for a taxi, and when the ve-
hicle arrived he motioned Thaddeus
McSorley to accompany him.

  “I wish you’d see me safe home,
sergeant,” he pleaded. “I have reason
to fear that my life is in danger, and
I’m not in shape to put up a fight if
there should be another gang waiting
for me on my doorstep.”

  The call to arms and the ensuing
skirmish at the lumber pile had quite
sobered the son of Mars, and he readily
consented to accompany the inspector.

  Arrived at his home, Warren made
light of his injury, and told his mother
that it was due to a fall in his hurry
to catch the car—which statement had
at least a shade of truth in it. He in-
troduced the now thoroughly embar-
rassed sergeant to his mother, and, at
a wink from Warren, the soldier elab-
orated mendaciously on the “accident.”
While Mrs. Warren was worried at
first, the irrepressible Irishman soon
had her smiling, in spite of her fears.

  At Warren’s insistent invitation, and
in view of the fact that his pockets were
innocent of cash, McSorley was read-
ily prevailed upon to spend the night
at the Warren home. The years had
been long, however, since McSorley
had slept in a real sure-enough bed, and
at sight of the spotless room and the
snowy bed his courage oozed out at his
finger tips. He swore that he was a
filthy swine, and could not be induced
to occupy the bed. Finally, however,
he consented to accept a pair of blan-
kets, and, removing his leggings and
boots and rolling himself up on the car-
pet, he declared he would sleep “wit’
THE FREE HAN<D

181

wan eye open.” His heavy snores,
however, soon gave the lie to his state-
ment.

  Warren’s body was too sore to per-
mit him to indulge in the sleep he
craved, save for an occasional light
doze, and when morning came his back
hurt him so badly that, despite a plucky
attempt to rise and dress himself, he
was compelled to keep to his bed. His
mother phoned the customshouse at
nine o’clock to inform the deputy sur-
veyor that her son was ill, but would
probably be on_ duty the following day.

  After breakfast, Thaddeus MoSorley
started to take his leave, but Warren
had matured his plan of the night be-
fore, and called the soldier into his
room.

  “I believe you told me last night,
Thaddeus, that your term of service
expires to-day?”

  “It does/'’

  ‘‘i have a job for you, if you care to
take it, Thaddeus.”

  “Well, ’tis hard to be a civilian-’*

  “But this is semicivilian—working
for your dear Uncle Samuel. The job
will last five months, at least, and the
pay is forty cents an hour.”

  “Lead on!” said Thaddeus McSor-
ley. ‘Tl! enlist wit’ ye.”

  “Then I must have your word - of
honor as a man and a—a soldier that
you'll stay sober. Can you shun the
flowing bowl for five consecutive
months ?”

  “What kind av a job have ye in
mind ?” queried McSorley cautiously.
“It’s guard duty.”

  “Have no fear. I never got ram-
pagin’ wit’ liquor on guard. Ye have
me promise—on me worrd av honor,
an’ I’ve never bruk that.”

  “Very well, you wild Irishman. I’ll
have you sworn in as a temporary la-
borer on the surveyor’s force-”

  “But I thought ’twas guard dooty

  “So it is. You’re to be my body-

  guard, and if last night’s work is a
sample of what I may expect, you’ll
have to labor. You’re to be my or-
derly—a soj't of scout, and your posi-
tion will be one of trust. Since you
served me voluntarily last night, 1
thought you might not be averse to
serving- for pay. Certain people want
to get me out of their way, Thaddeus,
and you came to hand in the nick of
time. I- shall have you detailed as my
helper, and you won’t have much to do
except keep your eyes and your ears
open, and you can carry a gun for
emergencies. I’ll buy you a service
revolver.”

  “Ah-hah!” said Thaddeus, and licked
his lips. • “Inemies within the lines, eh?
Very well, sir. I don’t know why ye’re
afther trustin’ me, but wit’ the help av
Gawd I’ll serve ye honest an’ faithful.”

  “Thank you, Thaddeus. Now, here
are a couple of dollars for you. Re-
port to your company, settle your af-
fairs with the army, and come back as
soon as you can.”

  Scarcely had McSorley departed,
when the telephone rang, and Mrs.
Warren answrered it. The call was
from Mrs. Spencer, and when informed
by Warren’s mother of his mishap, she
called Ruth to the phone. Ruth was
greatly worried, and declared that she
would visit the Warren home within
the hour.

 The sight of Ruth Spencer was a
compensation to Tom Warren for his
bruises. He had seen but little of his
fiancee during the past month, and an
hour of her companionship brightened
him up. In fact, she had good news
for him, for, since his appointment as
active deputy surveyor, Ruth’s father
had appeared to take a more friendly
interest in him, and had spoken of him
twice with a note of grudging admira-
tion in his tones. Perhaps he might
yet be induced to look upon their en-
gagement with a more tolerant and sen-
timental eye. John Spencer, after hear-
182

THE ‘POtPUL/JtR MAGAZINE

  ing of Warren’s rise, had, with the
characteristic shrewdness of the busi-
ness man, attributed it to native, al-
though heretofore latent, ability.

  “It may be,” he had informed his
daughter, “that I have misjudged that
young man of yours, Ruth. He has
always struck me as a slow coach of
a man, but his appointment to this posi-
tion must have come as the result of
ability and integrity. Usually promo-
tion in the customs service is political
pull, and, to my personal knowledge,
Warren has no pull.”

 This was a meager victory, but a
welcome one, and in his heart of hearts
Warren did not blame Ruth’s father
for his attitude, for, after all, it is only
natural for parents, in modest or fairly
comfortable circumstances, to wish to
see their only child married well.
Ruth’s report of her father’s awaken-
ing interest served to put Warren on his
mettle, and strengthened him in his high
resolve to fight the smuggling ring to a
finish. He resolved that nothing should
stop him now. He was bound that
Ruth Spencer should^ be his wife, but
he didn’t desire any fuss or argument
in the matter, and if, in lieu of cash
and worldly position, earnest effort and
ability could smooth the path of true
love, W^arren meant to leave no stone
unturned.

  Although he suffered painful twinges
at every step, nevertheless Warren was
back on duty at the mail dock the fol-
lowing day. Thaddeus McSorley had
reported intact early that morning, and
Warren took the ex-soldier with him
to the customshouse and had him sworn
in as a temporary laborer, detailed on
the inspectors’ force.

  The advent of the ex-sergeant caused
no comment among the inspectors at
the mail doclc. A laborer had acted as
helper and messenger for Wyrick dur-
ing his incumbency as captain of the
watch, and it was but natural that War-
ren, having succeeded to Wyrick’s job,

  should dispense with his predecessor’s
man and employ a helper and messen-
ger of' his own. Moreover, preferment
is, whenever practicable, given to hon-
orably discharged soldiers or sailors for
such temporary jobs.

CHAPTER XIII.

  On the last day of the Mongolia’s
stay in port, Warren made another im-
portant seizure of contraband opium—
a seizure that gave evidence of the
lengths to which the smugglers would
go to get the drug past the keen eyes of
the custom^ searchers, and proved to
Warren that he must needs possess a
high degree of cunning to cope success-
fully with the smugglers.

  Although his force of searchers had
been over the ship fully a dozen times,
searching in every conceivable place
where opium might be cached, and, al-
though heretofore it had been unusual
to search the transpacific liners on
their sailing day, Tom Warren was not
satisfied. Some recently acquired in-
stinct told him that his work was still
incomplete. He sensed opium on the
ship, and resolved to make one more
thorough search.

  Accordingly, he detailed his men to
different portions of the ship, with or-
ders to work systematically toward a
convergent center. With Karl Wemple
and McSorley, he went forward. War-
ren had confided to the old German the
story of the attack upon him at the
coal bunkers, and, while Wemple had
twitted him for his failure to heed his
timely warning, still he was greatly
pleased at Warren’s selection of the
ex-soldier as his bodyguard.

  They searched the porter house first,
pullmg out lamps and moving a heavy
oil tank away from the steel mast.
They tapped the hollow mast, but their
soundings revealed nothing, and War-
ren flashed his electric torch down the
ladder leading to the chain locker. He
THE F<REE HAN<D

183

had searched the chain locker thor-
oughly three times previous, and he
paused now, irresolute.

  “Think it’s any use, Karl ?’" he asked.
The veteran inspector shrugged.
Karl was very stout, and the opening
into the chain locker was small.

  “You only waste your time, Tommy.
We been to the bottom of that hole
three times already.”

  Had Karl not agreed with him, War-
ren would, in all probability, have
elected to dispense with a fourth scru-
tiny of the chain locker. But with the
perversity of all mankind, Karl’s in-
difference merely served to decide him
Upon further action.

  “Something seems to tell me to try
it again, Karl. You know' what the
bells of Bow Church said to Dick Whit-
tington ?”

  “Tell me,” said the German.

  “Dick was leaving London, followed
by his cat. He was a poor, friendless
youth, and, as he was leaving, he heard
the bells ringing, and he turned for a
farewell look at the town. Then he
started on, but it seemed to him the
bells kept saying: ‘Turn again, Lord
Mayor of London,’ so Dick turned
back, and, by George, he lived to be
lord mayor of London!”

  “Into that chain locker, deputy sur-
veyor av the port!” mocked Thaddeus
McSorley to the acting deputy, the man
who had the authority for six months
without the salary. “Into it, me bowld
bucko bhoy, for another look!”

  “The Irish rush in where Germans
fear to tread,” laughed Warren. “Come
along, Thaddeus. Karl, I’m sorry
you’re so fat, and the hole is so small

  And, leaving Karl sputtering pro-
tests, Warren swung a leg over,
squeezed through the manhole, and, fol-
lowed by McSorley, started down the
grimy ladder. When they reached solid
footing twenty feet below the main
deck, their flashing torches but dimly

lighted the black compartment. The
great anchor chain, stretched taut, ran
through the hawse pipe, lost in the
gloom high over their heads. The chain
box was filled with tons of rusty chain,
on top of which were piled cargo hooks,
old bird cages which once had housed
some sailor’s beloved parrot or cocka-
too, smuggled aboard in defiance of
orders, broken blocks, and pieces of
discarded tackle. • Overhead, hung by
a stout rope rove through a steel beam,
two huge cargo blocks dangled.

  Warren and his helper ran their
torches along the chicks of the chain
box, tapped the discarded blocks, and
even went so far as to get down on
their knees and scrape about in the
dust on the steel plates beneath them.

 “Nothing doing!” said Warren/*
“Sometimes it’s an advantage to be
fat,” and he laid his hand on the lad-
der rail and started to climb out. Six
feet up the ladder he found his face
on a level with the two great cargo
blocks hanging from the c'eiling, and
instinctively he turned on the ladder
and flashed his torch on the blocks. As
he did so, he thought he detected a
faint glint in the slight crack between
the wooden inside of the block and the
metal casing of the wheel.

  “Come up here, Mac,” he called, “and
help me lower these two cargo blocks.”

  The cargo blocks were cut down, and
Warren and McSorley bent over them
with their searchlights. Then they made
the discovery.

  The two blocks had four iron wheels
each, but these wheels had been re-
moved, and metal shells, made in their
exact counterpart, had been substituted.
These shells were readily shaken out,
and Tom Warren had forty-eight five-
tael tins of prepared opium as the re-
ward of his industry and persistence.

  The original steel wheels were not in
evidence, having doubtless been stored
in some secure hiding place. Never-
theless, these blocks had been used con-
134

THE cPO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

tinuously in the unloading of the Mon-'
golia’s cargo, and this meant a change
of wheels when the tackles were rigged
and a second substitution when the
blocks were replaced in the chain
locker. The vigilance of the customs
men had put the smugglers on their
guard, and they had lacked the daring
to attempt to smuggle the drug ashore
under the hawk eyes of Warren and
his men. As the steamer sailed within
the hour, it was plain that the drug was
due for another round trip to China,
had not Warren discovered it, in the
hope that upon the liner’s return a more
favorable opportunity for running the
guard might present itself.

  The touch of the master hand was
again in evidence, and Warren knew
what to expect if that hand should be
reached forth to crush him.

  He stood there, watching his torch
light flicker over the neatly stacked
heap of little brass tins, and pondered
over the magnitude of the task he had
set himself.

CHAPTER XIV.

  It was the crafty McSorley who
broke the silence which the surprise of
the discovery impressed upon them.

  “Be the Great Gun av Athlone,” he
murmured, “but ’tis a fine clew ye’ve
got, Misther Warren, Find out, from
the mate the men he sint here afther
these cargo blocks, an’ ye have the men
that are doin’ the smugglin’.”

  “Thaddeus McSorley, for an Irish-
man, you have a head on you like a
tack. The mate might be as thick in
the mire as the coolie deck hands. I
trust nobody but the skipper.”

  “Well, thin, sir, what are ye goin’ to
do?”

  “We’re going to stack this dope right
back where we found it, Thaddeus. By
the way, who called you Thaddeus, any-
how? Aren’t there enough good hon-
est saints to name a man after-”

  “Me father-—Gawd rest his sowl, an’
may the heavens be his bed—found it
in the back av a dictionary. ’Tis a
Syrian name, and sorra wan av me ever
saw anything good come out av Syria
but a fig.”

  “I know it,” said Tom Warren. “If
they’d christened you Michael, you’d
know, without even asking, what course
I’m going to pursue.”

  “What is it, avic?”

  “We’re going to stow this opium back
in these fake blocks and hang them back
where we found them. Then we’ll
leave them alone. The dope will go
out to China and back again; and when
the Mongolia returns, the opium will
be right here where we can find it. And
when the ship gets in we’ll examine the
blocks again, after which we’ll watch
for the men who are sent in to bring
them on deck when discharging com-
mences. These are the men who sub-
stitute the wheels, and I’ll be hiding in
the chain locker, and catch them with
the goods.”

  “ ’Tis well, Hawkshaw, the detective !
Ye have my consint,” replied the Irish-
man. “ ’Tis a good plan, and I’ll watch
wit’ ye in the chain locker, and help
ye make the pinch.”

  They carefully replaced the opium in
the blocks and replaced the latter as
they had found them, after which they
returned to the deck. For obvious rea-
sons, Warren said nothing to Karl
Wemple of his discovery, and Thad-
deus McSorley was pledged to secrecy.

  When the Mongolia sailed at noon
that day, Warren was confident that the
only opium remaining aboard the ves-
sel was the forty-eight tins there on his
sufferance. He was confident that not
another lot had escaped him. True,
Johnson, the boatman, had gotten away
with the lot in the sack thrown over-
board as the vessel entered the Golden
Gate, but the liner had been so thor-
oughly watched at her dock that War-
ren felt convinced that only a few scat-
THE F<REE HAN<D

185

tered tins could have gone ashore de-
spite his vigilance. He was so proud of
his searchers and the picked men he
had detailed that for the moment he
forgot the two mysterious cases that had
been taken off the dock by the China-
town drayman. The memory of Lind’s
report brought him vexation, but he
comforted himself with the thought
that while Lind had been certain of
his count, still there was always room
for a mistake, and there was a bare
chance that the cases had not contained
opium.

  His illusion was shattered within the
week. Answering a telephone call at
the dock one day, Graves’ crisp voice
came to him over the wire:

  '‘This is the party that gave you your
present job, Warren.”

  “I shall mention no names, sir. Pro- *
ceed!”

  “I wish you were as cautious as that
all the time, Warren. What’s wrong
with you? You’ve let an ungodly con-
signment of opium slip through your
fingers from the Mongolia. The secret
agents nosing through Chinatown re-
port that hop has dropped fifteen dol-
lars a pound, and that means that the
market’s glutted. I am not pleased with
you, Warren.”

  “1 don’t care a particular whoop
whether you are or not!” retorted the
acting deputy surveyor crisply. “You
keep off my preserves, will you, and
save your advice and criticism ? It’s
five months premature. You seem to
forget that.”

  A profound silence greeted this out-
rageous speech. As a matter of fact,
his effrontery almost amazed WTarren,
but at his first meeting with Graves
something seemed to tell him that the
way to make that astute individual love
one was to stand firm on one’s rights,
and fight him all over the ring. War-
ren had suddenly remembered that
Graves had promised him a free hand
for six months, and after five weeks of

noninterference he resented Graves’
criticism, and a sudden impulse of an-
ger had stimulated his retort.

  For perhaps a half minute he held the
receiver to his ear. Then over the wire
came a soft and surprised:

  “Well, I’ll be darned!”

  Ensued more silence. Finally:
‘‘Were you aware, Warren, that you
had slipped up?”

  “I was—a few hours after the slip
and a week before you were aware of
it. It won’t happen again. Please do
not bother me any more, sir. I don’t
care to heaf* from you until I appear in
your office with a squad of smugglers
all wearing steel jewelry. I’ll blow in
on you before sixty days, and you’ll
think I’m heading a chain gang.”
Graves chuckled. “Go to it, young-
ster !” he snapped, and hung up.

  “Well, I’ve made that chap like me,
at any rate,” grinned Warren, as he left
the phone and went back to the dock.
Out on the edge of a stringer he sat
down, and, lighting his pipe, he gave
himself up to reflection.

  Lind had been right, after all. The
two unmarked “S. O.” cases had con-
tained opium, after all. Warren was
satisfied of that, for the amount which
the boatman had managed to pick up
off the harbor and under Warren’s very
nose could not have been sufficient to
have caused this tremendous drop in
the market price of the drug in the
underworld. It indicated clearly to
W'arren that Wyrick, his own inspec-
tor, and Gilmore, the dock clerk, were
members of the smuggling ring, in ad-
dition to one or more of the freight
clerks on the Mongolia. Reference to
the copy of the incoming manifest of
the Mongolia on her last trip would re-
veal the identity of the man who had
received the two cases aboard at Hong-
kong. The petty smugglers, who had
their headquarters in the chain locker,
would, at the very least, number four.
186

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

Should the Chinatown drayman return
to the dock, Lind would be certain to
recognize him, and his capture was cer-
tain. By trailing the teamster to his
rendezvous, the higher ups in the ring
would be discovered, and, figuring
roughly, Tom Warren saw very clearly
that with half-decent luck he would
break the backbone of the smuggling
ring at one blow.

  He had found the pawns in the game
now, and nothing remained save the
capture of the men behind. It was
well enough to make seizures of the
contraband drug, and the newspapers
had already given him his measure of
cheap glory for that. But publicity
was not sufficient, and, in a measure, it
was injurious, for, knowing of his ac-
tivity, the smugglers would be all the
more wary, and he had already had
sufficient evidence that his own life was
a very insignificant factor in their reck-
oning.

  Warren waited with impatience the
arrival of the Persia. The vessel was
due the following Monday, and he
hoped—nay, prayed, that she would
bring another consignment to Shui On.
He resolved that upon her arrival he
would leave to Karl Wemple and his
most trustworthy searchers the intri-
cate details of the search aboard ship
for the contraband drug, while he him-
self, assisted by Lind and McSorley,
cast quietly about for the men who were
turning the big tricks right under his
very nose.

  He wondered if Bill Wyrick had had
any hand in the attack upon him at
the coal bunkers, but though he watched
all of his force narrowly, not a man,
either on the inspectors’ force or the
force of laborers, had been missing or
-injured the day following the attack,
although McSorley was positive that he
had wounded two of Warren’s assail-
ants. Perhaps they were merely water-
front thugs, after all. Nevertheless, he

decided to take no chances, and kept
the ex-soldier close to him at all times.

CHAPTER XV.

  The Persia made port on Monday, as
per schedule, and a busy afternoon at
the dock followed her arrival. How-
ever, she would not commence discharg-
ing cargo until the following morning,
the passengers’ baggage having to come
ashore first.

  Warren superintended the checking
of the declarations, and at four o’clock
sent Thaddeus McSorley uptown to the
customshouse with a packet cf official
documents, and, as the old soldier took
the papers, Warren whispered a brief
sentence to him. The “temporary la-
borer” answered with an almost imper-
ceptible nod, and went about his busi-
ness.

  When the last declaration had been
passed, the day men left the dock, and
Warren walked to the cars with his
fellow inspectors. Several of them
dropped in at Black Pete’s restaurant,
but Warren announced his intention of
going home for dinner and a much
needed rest.

  Later events evidenced a purpose in
this announcement.

  It was shortly after ten o’clock that
night wThen Tom Warren felt his way
■along the railing of the landing stage
at Curley’s boathouse, 011 Folsom
Street wharf, leaned over, peered into
the darkness beneath him, and whistled
softly. The signal was immediately an-
swered in kind, and Warren groped
his way down the ladder. An electric
torch flashed momentarily, and Warren
walked along the landing stage tow'ard
the source of the flash.

  “Is that you?” demanded a rich,
Irish brogue. Warren, wishing to test
his lieutenant’s alertness, remained si-
lent, and, after a brief interval, he
heard the soft click of a revolver.

“Faith an’ if it’s not you, you’ll wish
it was!” muttered Thaddeus McSorley.
THE FREE HAN<D

187

  “It is I,” said Tom Warren.

  “Is that so? Then, if that’s I, this
is me.”

  A chuckle came out of the darkness
as the ex-soldier, grasping the painter
of the skiff in which he had sat, await-
ing the arrival of his chief, pulled the
little craft in to the landing stage. He
held the gunwale against the float with
one hand and stuck the other out to
Warren.

  “This way, agra. Sure, I’ve been
worried, sittin’ here alone waiting for
ye'”

  “The gang thinks I’m safe home in
bed, Thaddeus. Quiet, now!”

  Warren took his place at the muffled
oars, and pulled the skiff slowly along
in the deep shadow of the long black
dock. They crept silently around the
end of the wharf. Save where the
twinkle of an occasional star showed on
the placid surface of the bay, the night
was well suited to their purpose, and,
as they started down the bay, skirting
the ends of the piers, they could see
nothing save the myriad lights of the
city behind them.

  “ ’Tis a grrand night for a surprise
party,” quoth the irrepressible Celt in
low tones. ‘“While I’ve done me share
av dirrty outposts, ’twas on dhry land,
wit’ more fightin’ room than we have
in this cockleshell av a boat. I’m not'
at home, Misther Warren. I was never
much av a wather fowl, and divil a
sthroke Can I swim at all, at all. Have
a care would you upset the boat. ’Tit
pay dav only to-morrow, an’ I’ve made

110 will-”

“Have you got your gun, Thaddeus?”
“I have—an’ well ’iled an’ greased.
This salt night air plays the divil wit’
a gun. Are we out for a reconnoissance,
as we say in the service?”

  “Exactly. I haven’t forgotten the
old tricks of the smugglers when I was
a night inspector. They usually try one
or two of them the first night a liner

makes port. The Persia is nearly five
hundred feet long, and a man in a boat
can’t watch every inch of her.”

  “Gawd willin’, we’ll take a prisoner
or two,” said Mr. McSorley piously.
The lust for adventure was in his wild
blood, and he was used to night attacks.
He lapsed into silence thereafter, and
Warren rowed steadily for ten min-
utes. They went gently up the bay on
the vanguard of the returning flood
tide, and presently they sighted the red
and green lights at the end of Pier No.
44, and made out the huge bulk of the
Persia tied up at the dock. Warren
thereupon headed a trifle farther out
into the fairway, and they were well
beyond the south side of the pier before
he brought the skiff around and pulled
shoreward.

  Pier No. 44 is the southernmost pier
on the water front, and the Persia was
docked on its north side. Cautiously
and silently Warren pulled in from the
south side and felt his way in through
an eight-foot gap between the foul,
barnacle-incrusted piles under the dock.
He unshipped his oars noiselessly, and
the momentum carried the skiff gently
to the north side of the pier, where it
bumped the piling. Warren quickly
passed the painter around the pile. The
boat swung easily away on the ebb, and
the line held taut.

  The great hull of the liner, lying close
to the wharf, had shut off the dim star-
light. Even the faint glow from an
arc lamp on the dock failed to show her
black bulk. The two men were in
Stygian darkness.

  For perhaps fifteen minutes they
hung to the pile, listening; then, as no
sounds came to them out of the night,
Warren cast off the painter and slowly
shunted the boat, from one pile to the
other, shoreward toward the head of
the dock. . Frequently they tied up and
listened, but save for the gentle surge
of the returning tide around the piling
no sound broke the stillness. The old,
188

TUB &&PULA<R MAGAZINE

familiar stench of the bay mud assailed
Warren’s nostrils, and brought vividly
back to him half-forgotten memories of
his five lean years as a night inspector.
He wondered if the guarding officers
were at their posts.

  However, although he had expected
he might find signs of life aboard the
steamer, he was disappointed. There
was never the sound of a voice or the
ghost of a gleam of light. Gently War-
ren poled the skiff along under the dock,
and they were close to the Persia's bow
when they finally stopped to rest.

  For two hours they hung there, while
slowly the tide rose. Warren, fearing
to remain longer at his vigil, in case
the returning tide should catch them
under the dock at fuli flood and en-
danger their lives, was about to give
up and return to a safer position on
the south side of the dock for a -further
wait of an hour or two, when a sharp
click almost over their heads caused
him to lean forward and press McSor-
ley’s knee warningly. An instant later
a round, glowing eye popped out of
the darkness. A port had been opened
in the fo’castle and a light had been
switched on.

  Presently a face appeared at the port-
hole. It was so close to him that War-
ren could have-struck it with his oar
by standing up in the boat. For a mo-
ment the face was framed in the lighted
port, then it vanished, only to reap-
pear an instant later. The man’s hand
came into view then, pushing a small
bundle through the opening, and War-
ren saw that there was a cord attached
to the bundle. Slowly it was lowered
until, with a slight plash, it touched the
surface of the water. Instantly a bright
beam of light flashed from under the
dock, athwart the bow of Warren’s
boat, and he and McSorley sprang to
their feet.

  A vicious curse came from back of
the light, and darkness reigned once
more. Warren stooped for an oar, but

before he could touch it something
crashed into the side of their boat, ca-
reening it sharply, and Tom Warren
and Thaddeus McSorley, clutching
vainly at the air, went overboard head-
first into the foul waters of the bay.

CHAPTER XVI.

  Warren came up, sputtering like a
seal, and in a stroke or two bumped
into a pile and clasped its incrusted
sides. He locked his arm about it
tightly, regardless of the sharp bar-
nacles, which cut into his flesh, and
peered upward at the hull of the Persia.
The light in the fo’castle had been ex-
tinguished, however, and he heard the
furious splashing of oars not twenty
yards away, and watched a recurrent
flash of light playing on the waters
ahead of the departing enemy.

  All of this had taken less than a min-
ute, but it was fully that long before
the thought of poor McSorley flashed
across Warren’s startled consciousness.
For obvious reasons, he had not dared
to call to the Irishman, but he had no
doubt the veteran was clinging to the
boat or to a neighboring pile.

  Warren felt in his pocket for his elec-
tric torch, but it had slipped out and
gone to the bottom. Almost at the same
time lie heard a gurgling and splashing
back of him, and suddenly he remem-
bered McSorley’s statement that he
could not swim. He let go the. friendly
pile and struck out in the direction of
the sounds.

  The Irishman had gone down for the
second time, and Warren was bewil-
dered. There was no further sound to
guide him. so he treaded water, and
waited: Presently a writhing object
struck his knee. He reached for it, and
his fingers closed on a thick mop of
hair. As he brought the almost uncon-
scious Irishman to the surface, the surg-
ing tide swept them both against a pile,
and Warren clung to it with one arm
THE F^REE H/1N<D

189

while he held his companion’s head
above water with the other.

  McSorley was almost gone, but he
had life enough still left in him to grasp
Warren. A terrible nausea had seized
McSorley, and he was spouting salt
water at a tremendous rate. When he
had at least half emptied himself of his
bitter cargo, Warren spoke to him in
low tones:

  “Can you manage to hang to the pile
by yourself, Mac?”

  “I can—for a while,” whispered poor
McSorley hoarsely.

  “Then hang on!” ordered Warren,
and shoved him against the pile. He
clung to it like a limpet, and Warren’s
hand, feeling around the dripping body,
found the electric torch in the helper’s
pocket. Well incased as it was, he
hoped that the salt water had not as
yet penetrated sufficiently to injure the
dry battery, and as he pressed the but-
ton a beam of light lit up their dark
surroundings. Twenty feet away, their
boat was swinging, tied to the pile, and,
with a great feeling of relief, Warren
noticed that the oars, were still in the
boat. He handed* the torch to Mc-
Sorley, who was clinging to the pile
with arms and‘legs.

  “Hold the torch, Mac,” he whispered.
“I’m going to swim to the boat and
come back for you.”

  “Be quick about it, sir!” replied the
ex-soldier weakly. “I can shtand this
terrible bumping about five minutes, an’
then it’s Kitty bar the door!”

  But Warren was off, swimming for
the boat. He reached it rather abruptly
with his nose, climbed in, cast off, and,
guided by the light from the torch held
in McSorley’s free hand, he ran the boat
alongside the Irishman, shipped his
oars, reached overside, and, with a
quick pull, hauled the half-drowned
man in over the point of the bow.

  “I’m a good soger but a poor sailor,”
half whimpered McSorley, whose cour-
age, inured to bullets, had nevertheless

been put to a severe strain by his ter-
rific experience.

  Warren made no reply, but took his
place on the thwart, and thrust out his
oars.

  “Light us out from under this awful
dock,” he said. “It may not be too late
to catch a glimpse of that boat.”

  Glancing back over his shoulder, as
McSorley, huddled in the bow, flashed
the torchlight, Warren pulled with all
his might toward the outer end of the
dock, the sounds of retreat having in-
dicated to him the course which the
other boat had taken. Warren was
confident that whoever the boatmen
might be, they had not recognized him
or McSorley, for their torch had flashed
for barely an instant, and then fully
foui- feet in front of Warren’s skiff,
and, while the bow of their little boat
had been visible, Warren and McSor-
ley, standing farther back, had been in-
visible; the smugglers, for such War-
ren felt them to be, anxious to avoid
identification, had been glad to retreat
in the dark and without betraying any
curiosity as to the identity of the men
in the customs boat.

  Of one thing Warren was certain.
The smugglers had not taken the £ime
to rescue the bundle dangling on the
string at the porthole. Their haste to
escape, during which they had crashed
into the customs boat, was indicative of
their fright, and Warren had no doubt
but that the fellow in the Persia’s
fo’castle, alarmed at what had hap-
pened, had drawn the opium back
through the porthole.

  The possession by one of the smug-
glers of a powerful electric torch, while
to be expected of parties cruising under
a dark dock, nevertheless helped to con-
firm Warren in his belief in W'yrick’s
guilt. All of the inspectors on the night
watch carried them, and Warren had a
feeling that, even if Wyrick had not
been in that mysterious boat, some one
of the force had.
190

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

  As Warren came out from under the
wharf and headed his boat north to-
ward the ferry building, the sound of
oars grating in rowlocks came faintly
to him down the slight breeze that
fanned the bay. With all his strength
and skill, he strained at his oars.

  Suddenly McSorley shouted: "I see
them! I see the divils! Arrah, wait
till I get me two hands on them!”
Warren turned. A ferryboat, mak-
ing in to her slip at the ferry depot,
had bent her powerful searchlight and
picked up the end of the slip, and in
the dazzling light Warren could see a
small black skiff containing three men,

o	'

two of whom were rowing furiously.
The skiff lay directly in the path of the
ferryboat’s searchlight, and a cry broke
from Warren:

  “The fools! She’ll hit them and
drive them under.”

  He was right. In their haste to place
as much distance as possible between
them and pursuit, the men in the skiff
had taken the chance of crossing the
mouth of the ferry slip directly under
the bows of the ferryboat. They had
miscalculated by a slight margin, and
as the searchlight picked them up War-
ren and McSorlejf- heard a shout from
the bridge of the ferryboat. A second
or two later the great craft bore down
on the skiff, drove it under, and surged
on into her slip.

  ‘Tull, ye divil!” shrieked Thaddeus
McSorley. “We’re not too late to pick
up a smuggler or two, bedad! Arrah,
but ’tis an unprofitable business!'’

  Warren bent to his oars, and the tide,
well at the flood by this time, retarded
him but little, while it swept the frag-
ments of the skiff and her unfortunate
occupants down the bay toward them.

  “I hear wan av thim shouting bloody
murder,” piped McSorley. Sure
enough, faint cries for help came to
them out of the night. Within two min-
utes they were so close at hand that
McSorley, sweeping the surrounding

waters with his torch, made out a black
object swimming and begging piteously
for help.

  Warren, guided by McSorley, pointed
the skiff toward the cries, and, as they
glided past, the ex-soldier reached out
and grasped the drowning man by the
collar.

  “I have him, sir!” he yelled. “Do ye
give me a hand to lift him in. * I’m that
weak meself I can’t manage him alone.”

  Warren dropped his oars and ran
forward, and, an instant later, the drip-
ping body was hauled into the boat.
McSorley turned the torch full in his
white face, and Warren started.

  “Hello, Johnson!” he said. “So I’ve
got you at last. What’s become of the
others ?”

  Johnson, for it was the boatman,
commenced to cry. “I dunno, War-
ren,” he wrailed. “The ferryboat hit us.
I jumped and cleared the paddles, but
the others—were slow—and I didn’t
hear—them—callin’-”	;

  “No more did I,” interrupted the
philosophical McSorley. “L’ave us
cruise around and look for them. The
ferryboat’s put out a small boat, and
she's cruisin’ around, too.”

  But their search was in vain. After
a perfunctory search of fifteen minutes,
the ferry crew put back. Warren and
McSorley, assisted by the rescued John-
son, searched and shouted and hallooed
for fifteen minutes longer, but could
find no trace of the two men who bad
accompanied Johnson in the ill-fated
skiff. Johnson himself was the first to
give up.

  “It’s no use, Warren,” he sobbed;
“they’re gone.”

 “Who were they?” Warren de-
manded.

  Johnson’s crafty soul shone through
the tears in his eyes.

  “I dunno, Warren. They engaged
me this afternoon to row ’em over to
Mission Rock Warehouse. They stayed
late there an’ made me wait for ’em,
THE F<REE HAN<D

191

and I was a-pullin’ ’em back to Jack-
son Street wharf when the ferry run
us down.”

  "Faith ’twas in a hurry ye were, me
lad,” said McSorley quizzically.

  “Don’t lie, Johnson. We chased you
out from under pier No. 44. I’ve
been keeping my'~5ye on you quite a
while, and now I’ve got you. You’re
an opium smuggler, Johnson. I lost
out that day the Mongolia came in, but
I’ve got you now. You lie when you
say you spent the afternoon at Mission
Rock. You ate your dinner to-night in
Black Pete’s. I saw you there.”

  “Well, you won’t get nothin’ out o’
me,” growled Johnson.

  Warren made no reply. He pulled
in at Curly’s landing stage and stepped
out on the float. Johnson followed him,
and McSorley came next.

  “Have a care would you thry any
funny business, Johnson,” warned the
Irishman. “I have a gun p’inted at the
geomethrical cinter av your black-
guard back.”

  “Oh, put up your gun, Thaddeus.
I’m not going to bother with Johnson
to-night. We’re all wet and chilled, and
it’s no time to fool with small fry. I’ve
got the goods on you, Johnson, but you
can go. You have a wife and some
kids, haven’t you?”

  The boatman did not answer, and
Warren continued:

  “You trot along home to your kids
and your missus, Johnson, and don’t tell
anybody where you’ve been. If you
don’t I’ll keep mum, and so will Mc-
Sorley. You’re not the man I’m after.
I want the chap higher up, and you’re
too pitiful. Skip along, now, or you’ll
catch your death of cold. And remem-
ber—stick to boating. Leave smuggling
to the others.”

  Johnson stood silent for a moment,
stunned in the face of such magnanim-
nity.

  “You mean—you mean you’re not

going to can me, Warren?” he said
slowly.

  McSortey chuckled: “Ain’t he the
innocent lamb?”

  “No, you’re not arrested. You can
go this time; but remember! No more
opium smuggling. If you try it again
I’ll get you, and I’ll get you good and
hard. Now, good night, and behave
yourself.”

  “I’d like to shake hands first,” said
Johnson, and stuck out a calloused,
chilly paw. Warren shook it heartily,
and Johnson departed into the night.

  “Tra-la-loo,” caroled McSorley.
“And ye might have the manners to say
thank you.” He turned to Warren as
they ascended the steps to the bulk-
head.

  “ ’Tis not me habit to question me
superiors, Misther Warren, but to save
me sanity, will ye tell me why undher
Heaven ye let that lad go about his
business ?”

  Warren laughed. “I’d rather have
his friendship than his enmity. Be-
sides, while I can bluff Johnson, 1 could
never bluff his attorney if it came to
a show-down. We didn’t see him under
the Persia’s dock, although we know
for a moral certainty he was there. We
can’t prove anything on him, and if I’m
any judge of human nature Johnson
has had his fill of smuggling. The man
was scared stiff. He’s afraid of me
now, and I have placed him under a
debt of gratitude. Anyhow, what’s the
use. Sloughing a poor, ignorant devil
like Johnson doesn’t break up the opium
traffic.”

  At the ferry, they hailed a taxi and
went home. McSorley had nothing to
say, for his teeth were chattering with
cold. As he vent up the stairs into the
home of the i" ;.n he was guarding, how-
ever, his tongue was loosened.

  “Wirra, wirra,” he said, “but civil
life ain’t half bad, at all, at all! Sure
I’ve had adventures enough to-night to
do me a week.”
THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

192

  Black Pete’s saloon and restaurant
was closed when Warren and McSorley
passed it by the following morning on
their way to the mail dock. At one
o’clock inspectors returning from lunch-
eon brought word that Black Pete’s
place was still closed, and at quitting
time the word was being passed along
the water front that • Black Pete had
mysteriously disappeared. Also War-
ren was short one man in his day watch.
Inspector Brennan had failed to report
for duty, and inquiry at his home re-
vealed the fact that Brennan had not
been home the night previous.

  When two days had passed and
neither Black Pete nor Inspector Bren-
nan had materialized, Tom Warren had
an inspiration.

  “I believe I’m gradually breaking up
this opium ring, Karl,” he remarked
sententiously to Inspector Wemple.
“Hereafter, Karl, make it a point to
search the lunch baskets of every long-
shoreman that leaves this dock.”

CHAPTER XVII.

  About the time that Tom Warren and
Thaddeus McSorley were having their
adventure under the dock, Inspector
Wyrick, dressed in plain clothes, a
slouch hat pulled over his eyes, walked
down Clay Street Hill and stopped at
the corner of Spofford Alley. He was
in the very heart of Chinatown. The
busy Celestials, pattering by, took no
notice of him,, and, after a cautious
survey of the neighborhood, he entered
the alley and hurried along the sidewalk
for half a block, pausing at last before
the basement entrance of a narrow
building.

  Painted in black, sprawling letters
above the door was the legend “Fong
Kee, Clam Depot,” and, underneath it,
several Chinese characters.

  Wyrick went down the stairs. An
old Chinaman, shelling clams by the
light of a kerosene lamp at the farther

end of the room, looked up and shuffled
a step or two forward at his entrance.

  “Hello, Fong!” said Wyrick. “How’s
tricks ?”

  “What’s a malla? Wha’ you want?”
the Chinaman responded surlily.

  Bill Wyrick cast about for a chair.
“I want to have a little chat with you,
Fong. You needn’t gfet huffy about it.”
He took a Manila cigar from his pocket.
“Have a smoke?”

  The Mongol accepted the cigar,
leaned over his lamp chimney, and
sucked a light from the flame.

  The foul odors of the place nauseated
Wyrick, btit his business was- impor-
tant, and he had to make the best of it.

  “You’re a stingy old chink, Fong,”
he twitted. “Won’t even waste a match
when you get a smoke for nothing.
Ain’t you even going to ask me to sit
down ?”

  The Chinaman mumbled an unintel-
ligible reply, lifted a coal-oil can, into
which he had been opening clams, from
a bench, and crunched the scattered
shells under his slippers as he carried
it to the other side of the room. He
shuffled to the doorway, peered up the
stairs for a moment, then closed the
door and bolted it. Wyrick sniffed dis-
gustedly, lighted a cigar, and sat down
on the bench. Fong Kee, as if begrudg-
ing the time he had wasted, resumed
his clam shelling.

  “What’s the matter with you, Fong?”
asked Wyrick. “You’ve got an awful
grouch on you to-night.”

  “Me no likee lose ah-peen-yeen. Cost
heap plenty money. Wha’s a malla you
no blingum ashore ?”

  Wyrick frowned. “New man, top-
side, he catchum,” the inspector an-
swered, lapsing into the pidgin English
of the old clam dealer. “Take um to
customhouse. Boil um. Pour um down
sewer.”

  “Gow!” (dog) muttered the China-
man. “No good!”

  “You’re right, Fong. You bet he’s
THE FREE HAND

IJ3

no good! Maybe you no be careful,
you go jail, Fong Kee.”

  “Wha’ you say?” Fong Kee stopped
shelling clams and gazed at the inspec-
tor. “Me not go plison. Johnny, he
fix.”

  “Johnny can’t fix this fellow. That's
what I came to see you about. Johnny
wants you to fix him.”

  If the Chinaman caught the inspec-
tor’s meaning, he affected ignorance.
“No can do, Mistlo Wylick. Johnny
he catchum plenty money. He fix in-
splecto’ alia time.”

  “This is different, Fong. No can
fix Warren. Johnny he say you kill
um.”

  The old Chinaman glanced nervously
toward the door. “No! No!” he pro-
tested. “Him not my pidgin. Fong
he fix all Chinamans. White man he
must fixee white man himself.”

  “Listen here, Fong. You’ve got to
do as I tell you, or you won’t get any
more ah-peen-yeen.” Wy rick’s tone
was threatening now. “I’ll show you
how to get rid of Warren, and you
won’t get caught. You belong to the
Hip Sing Tong, don’t you?” In the
seriousness of the business at hand,
Wyrick forsook his pidgin English for
the moment.

  Fong Kee grunted.

  “It won’t be the first man you’re done
up, you old highbinder.”

  “How much you pay?” Fong sensed
a chance for profit.

  “Two hundred dollars.”

  “No can do. You give Fong littlee
piecee money. Fong get caught—he
get hung. White man he laugh. He
no get caught.”

  “Three hundred dollars.”

  Fong Kee shook his head.

  “Five hundred.”

  The Chinaman was silent, and Wy-
rick knew that he ha'-! named a tempt-
ing price.

  “All right; that’s settled,” said the
inspector, after a long pull at his cigar.

Cx3A

  “You sure Johnny he makee pay?”
the clam dealer asked at length.

   “Sure, Fong Kee.”

  “All li’. How can do?”

  “You can do easy, Fong. We send
letter to Warren. We tell him where
he catch smuggled ah-peen-yeen. He
no get um. Then you make highbinder
war.”

  Fong’s eyes widened. He gazed at
the inspector blankly. “Me no sabee.
Wha’ you mean?”

   “You sabee fish dealer’s name—you
know place—two doors other side Hip
Sing joss house?”

   “Pon Chung’s yue lahn” (fish mar-
ket) answered the Chinaman.

  “Pon Chung! That’s the fellow.
Fong. The letter say to Warren two
hundred five-tael tins ah-peen-yeen go
bottom side Pon Chung’s fish stall to-
morrow night. Warren think letter
sent by some one who Pon Chung not
pay for help smuggle opium. Warren
>(he go quick to fish market—you ketch-
um. You know Warren, Fong Kee?”
“Sure! Me see um thlee, fo’ time
by mail dock when China stleamer
come in.”

  “Good! You have plenty friends
alongside. You get five, six tong men
to help you, you payum ten dollars
apiece. You hide in joss-house door.
You tell highbinders they wait in other
doors. When Warren he stop by Pon
Chung’s place, you come out quick. All
make big tong war. Some Chinamen
fire in air. Much shoot. You not get
hurt; but Warren must make die. You
make get-away quick. Papers will say
‘accident,’ Fong Kee. Highbinder war
come lots of times. No one get ar-
rested, maybe. Tong man make die—
no matter. White man make die—
Chinaman make very bad witness; he
not know who kill.”

   Fong Kee nodded his head, and there
 was a murderous gleam in his eyes.
 Back of the old Chinaman’s stupid
194

THE <POcPULA<R MAGAZINE

countenance there was a crafty brain.
Fong Kee’s besetting sin was avarice,
and he had lost a round sum of money
through Warren’s seizures of the
opium. Hence, by entering into Wy-
rick’s scheme, he could serve two mas-
ters—Revenge and Greed. Besides, the
plan was absurdly simple, and -Fong
Kee had engaged in similar enterprises
on former occasions, and always with
success, although the victims had al-
ways been men of his own race.
Johnny’s word was as good as his bond,
and Fong did not suspect for a moment
that Bill Wyrick was not Johnny’s
mouthpiece in this affair, for Wyrick
had had dealings with Fong frequently
in the past, and Fong had turned over
large sums of money to Wyrick, who
acted in the capacity of agent for the
man called “Johnny.”

  “Johnny”—it was a potent name.
The head of the smuggling ring carried
a deal of weight. Indeed, if the in-
spector had approached Fong Kee on
his own behalf—if he had offered Fong
twice the amount of money to put Tom
Warren out of the way, to satisfy his
own personal grudge, it is doubtful if
the Chinaman would have entertained
his proposition for a moment. But Wy-
rick understood the old clam dealer
thoroughly, and was wise enough to put
the burden of Warren’s removal up to
the head of the ring.

  Wyrick waited patiently. Although
the wizened Chinaman was looking at
him intently, the inspector knew that his
thoughts were elsewhere, that his brain
was revolving the possibilities of the
suggested plan.

  Presently Fong Kee drew a deep puff
of smoke from his cigar stub, threw the
stub on the floor, and exhaled the smoke
slowly through his nostrils.

  “All li’; me fix um,” he said, and re-
sumed the shelling of his clams. From
which, it would seem that the killing of
a man was a matter of everyday occur-
rence with Fong Kee.

CHAPTER XVIII.

  Fortunately, Tom Warren and Thad-
deus McSorley were none the worse for
their ducking. The morning following
their mishap, Warren made his round
of the north-side docks, and stopped at
the inspectors’ room in the ferry build-
ing on his way back to the Persia.
Here, in addition to the daily official
communications from the customs-
house, he found a letter which was post-
marked “one a. m.,” and addressed to
him in a scrawling hand. Its receipt
somewhat surprised him, for the mes-
senger usually took his mail direct to
Pier No. 44 when the China steam-
ers were in.

  Warren opened the envelope, and
perhaps it was fortunate that none of
the inspectors were on hand to study
his countenance as he read the missive
it contained. It was a gem of illit-
eracy :

  dear sir, I take my pen to warn you that
there is dope coming in. I been standin in
with a chink wot promised to split $5.00 a
tin for me helpin him to get it off, but he
aint seen me with no dough. They aint no
chinaman can dubble cross me. Pong Chung,
number 19 Spofford Ally, is the name of the
place which it will be brought to, two hun-
derd tins. I red in the noospapers wot you
been doin, and I hope you ketch Pong Chung.
I dont want no money for this. I want to
git even *thats all. You go to Pong Chungs
place tomorrow night about 10 oclock with a
cupple of men and you can pinch the gang,
take it from me. Hopin you will take this
tip	One who is sore.

  Warren’s first feeling was one of ex-
ultation. He read the letter again. At
last he had something tangible—some-
things that would lead him up to the
headquarters of the smuggling ring.

  He thought at first of handling the
affair single-handed, but quickly aban-
doned the idea. It was too foolhardy.

  Who would he select to help him
make the raid ? His old failing, inde-
cision, returned to him in his crisis,
and inasmuch as he had consulted Karl
THB F^RBB H/JN<D

Wemple in past difficulties, he decided
to do so in the present dilemma.

  He put the letter in his pocket and
took the short cut along the water front
to Pier No. 44, where he went at
once aboard the Persia. None of Wem-
ple’s men were in sight, so he walked
aft, giving the little three-note whistle
that the searchers use as a signal to
call each1 other when working separ-
ately. His call was answered when he
leaned over the after hatch, and in a
moment Karl Wemple appeared, look-
ing aloft quizzically. Warren beckoned
to him, and Karl came up on the deck.

  Warren took the envelope from his
pocket an'd"handed it to Wemple. The
old inspector read the letter through
slowly, looked about him when he had
finished, and handed it back without a
word.

  “Well, whal: do you think of it?”
Warren asked impatiently.

  “I don’t know.”

  “You don’t know! What’s the mat-
ter with you, Karl ? You ought to be
tickled to death.”

  “I don’t see nothing to laugh at,
Tommy.”

  “Oh, you know what I mean! Why,
it’s the chance we’ve been waiting for
—the chance to break up the smuggling

•	>1

ring.

  “I ain’t so sure about that.”

  “What do you mean, Karl ?”

  “Just because some sorehead wants
to get even on a Chinaman, don’t think
we catch the whole band already,
Tommy.”

  “Well, it may lead up to that,” re-
turned Warren, who was becoming ir-
ritated by Karl Wemple’s apathy.
“Anyway, I came to you for advice.”

  “So? You haven’t asked the old man
for advice lately. You been going" it on
your own hook, Tommy.” Karl tried
to look hurt, but his eyes were twin-
kling.

  Warfen, however, was too deep in
his new problem to argue with Wemple.

  “Who do you think I’d better take
with me to-night, Karl ?”

  “You was really going to Chinatown,
yourself?”

  “Why, of course-”

  “Don’t do it.”

  “Why not?”

  “Better you take that letter and show
it to Graham. Dummkopf what you
are! How do you know what you go
up against ?”

  “What can Graham do? He don’t
like me—he’ll take all the credit him-
self-”

  “No! He’ll make a big raid of it.
You and Graham will vork together,
and he’ll have a dozen men on the job—
then nobody gets hurt. He’ll play it
up for the papers, and the whole force
gets a boost, Tommy. Better you play
safe.”

  Tom Warren did not take kindly to
Karl Wemple’s suggestion, and a heated
argument resulted, but the placid old
inspector finally won his point in the
end, and induced Warren to go to the
customshouse.

  When Warren opened the door of the
deputy surveyor’s office, he stopped
inside the threshold somewhat non-
plused, as he saw, sitting by the win-
dow, Mr. Graves, the secret-service
chief. Graham was not in evidence.

  “Well, Warren, have you caught the
smugglers ?” said Graves. The man
from Washington was imperturbable.

  In spite of the touch of irony back
of Graves’ salutation, Warren sensed
again that note of friendliness.

  “Not yet; but I expect to,” he an-
swered. “Read this, Mr. Graves.” (He
handed over the letter.

  Graves ran through it quickly. It
was an old story to him.

  “Hum-m-m! Anonymous,” he said,
when he had read it through. “It’s the
old game, Warren. Your anonymous
letter writer is worse than a snake. He
strikes in the dark. He is too much of
a coward to show himself, for fear that
196

THE <POcPULA<R MAGAZINE

he will feel your heel, so he hides be-
hind his anonymity, and puts it up to
you to do his dirty work, and take all
the risks. What are you going to do
about this, Warren?”

  “I had intended to lay the matter
before Mr. Graham. I—er—thought
two heads would be better than one. I
didn't expect to see you, sir.”

  The secret-service chief chuckled.
“Never mind bothering Mr. Graham/’
he said. “I’ll take charge of this case
myself.”

  “But, Mr. Graves-” .

  “Don’t you think I can handle it?”
  “Yes—of course—but I was going to

  “Warren, this may be a dodge to put
you on a false scent; to get you out
of the way while the smugglers put
something over.” He smiled enigmati-
cally. “You went to the hospital once,
vou know.”

  Tom Warren gazed at him.

  “That’s so,” he said slowly. “But
my back is no longer sore, and I’d for-
gotten.”

  Graves creased the letter carefully
and put it in his pocket.

  “You stick close to the Persia, War-
ren,” he said, “and I’ll find out if this
letter is straight goods.”

CHAPTER XIX.

  Warren went back to the Persia. He
was disappointed, for his enthusiasm
had had a setback when Karl Wemple
had persuaded him to share the glory
of the capture with Deputy Surveyor
Graham, and finding Mr. Graves alone
in the office, and so willing to relieve
him of his Chinatown detail, had put
the cap on his misfortunes.

  How true the old saying, “The ways
of Providence are inscrutable.”

  Tom Warren would have gone to cer-
tain death had he not decided to consult
Karl Wemple.

  Clearly, Bill Wyrick had determined
to ignore the threat of the man called

“Johnny.” Johnny, the head of the
ring, and every inch a smuggler, was,
nevertheless, not a murderer, and had
told Wyrick in the little back room at
Black Pete’s that he would drop him
from the ring very quickly if he tried
in any way to bring bodily injury to
Tom Warren. Nevertheless, Wyrick
had not heeded him, for no other hand
save the hand of Bill Wyrick could
have been back of the attack on Warren
at the coal bunkers, an attack which had
been bungled through the timely ap-
pearance of Thaddeus McSorley.

  Wyrick was certain of his ground
after his visit to Fong Kee’s clam depot,
for he felt confident Warren would rise
to his bait. He had even had assur-
ance enough to write the anonymous
letter to Warren, carefully disguising
his handwriting, and relying on its il-
literacy to dispel suspicion.

  It is hardly necessary to go into de-
tails of Graves’ investigation of the pre-
tended opium cache at Pong Chung’s
fish market, and it is reasonable to infer
that there was no “highbinder war” and
no one to “make die,” for when Fong
Kee, hidden in the doorway of the Hop
Sing Tong’s joss house, saw among the
half dozen plain-clothes men, who
searched the fish market and the cellar
beneath for opium, no man who in the
remotest degree resembled Tom War-
ren, he remained discreetly in his door-
way. Moreover, the plain-clothes men
were members of the municipal police
force, with years of experience among
the denizens of Chinatown, for the se-
cret-service chief had several strings to
his bow, and, through the lessons
learned in a long career in the pursuit
of criminals, generally knew which
string to pull.

  When Warren arrived at the Persia,
he ordered Thaddeus McSorley to keep
a constant watch on Lind, who, in turn,
was to give a prearranged signal should
the suspected teamster visit the mail
dock while the Persia was in port.
THE F<REE HAND	197

  McSorley went below and took his
station in a stateroom where he could
see Lind through the porthole. He did
not have a view of the entire dock, but
if Lind should be called to another por-
tion of the wharf, the ex-soldier could
easily change staterooms, and the dock
clerk would never be out of his sight
for more than an instant.

  It was late in the afternoon, and
nothing had developed, although Karl
Wemple had been the recipient of a
“tip” that there had been a large cache
of opium aboard. It was not one of
those mysterious “grapevines” that are
in the air whenever an Oriental liner
is in port, but a message that came di-
rect from the customshouse during Tom
Warren’s brief absence in the morning,
and was founded on consular advices
from Hongkong.

  Warren, Wemple, and the searchers
had already gone over a great portion
of the steamer, but had found nothing.
Harrison, Toland, and Caplan were
searching forward, and Warren and
Wemple had worked their way aft.
They had crawled about in the coal
bunkers, looked in the fire boxes, tapped
the engine plates, poked their heads and
their torches into the donkey boiler
without success. Then Karl had an
idea.

  “Better we search the water tank,
Tommy,” he suggested.

  “All right,” assented Warren. “I am
afraid it’s no use, though. The tank’s
too open.”

  However, they unscrewed the man-
hole in the top of the steel tank and
squeezed through the opening. The
tank was about thirty feet long and six
feet high', and was divided into several
compartments. Ordinarily, it was used
for water ballast, but it was empty now.

  Warren and the old inspector wrig-
gled through the narrow spaces between
the bulkheads and the top of the tank,
flashing their torches into each com-

partment in passing. They found each
one empty.

  When they reached the end of the
tank, Karl Wemple was first to climb
over the bulkhead. His torch flashed,
and Warren, hearing a cry of surprise,
squeezed through in a hurry. Looking
in over Wemple’s shoulder, he saw a
pile of five-tael tins of opium on the
floor of the last bulkhead. They were
not stacked, but heaped up loosely, and
Warren’s experienced eye told him that
there were between three and four hun-
dred tins in the heap, the value of which
would aggregate close to ten thousand
dollars!

CHAPTER XX.

  It was by far the largest single seiz-
ure of contraband opium that had been
made in years, and Warren stared
rather stupidly at the heap of small,
red-labeled tins.

  Presently he laughed and drew his
arm affectionately around old Karl
Wemple’s shoulder.

  “This is your find, Karl,” he said.
“I’ll see that you get due credit for this.
Great grief, what a clean-up! There’ll
be wailing, and gnashing of teeth in
Chinatown when they boil this stuff
and pour it down a sewer.”

  “I am glad for you, Tommy,” replied
the old inspector earnestly. “I—I am
old—an also ran, but you are young.
You need the record, and, my boy,
you’re making it.”

  So busy were they, standing there in
the gloom of the great tank, tossing
bouquets at each other, that a slight
metallic sound somewhere in the dis-
tance made no particular impression
upon them. Karl leaned nonchalantly
against the steel bulkhead and spumed
some of the scattered tins with his toe.
He had grown old and hopeless in the
service, and, unlike Tom Warren, he
had long since grown used to thrills.

  “You stay here and guard this stuff,
Karl, while I round up some of the boys
198

THE VOVULA^ MAGAZINE

and have it removed to the appraisers’
store,” said Warren presently. “I’ll tell

McSorley to-”

  His words were drowned in a roar-
ing, rushing sound back of him. His
first thought was that a steam pipe had
burst in the ship, but the volume of
sound quickly dispelled that notion, for
the fires were nearly all out, and the
steam pressure in the boilers conse-
quently very low. It was the German
who guessed first the reason for the
noise, and his apathy vanished on the
instant.

  ‘^Mine Gott in Himmel!” he shouted.
“They have turned the water into the
tank.”

  “Right you are, Karl. They’re on
to us and want to drive us out before
we find the dope. Well, by Judas,
they’re too late this time!”

  “Beat it!” shouted Karl, relapsing
into one of his infrequent American-
isms, and together they scrambled over
the bulkheads. It was as Karl Wemple
had guessed. The valves were open,
and the several compartments in the
huge tank were filling rapidly. As they
reached the compartment under the
manhole the roaring grew louder, and
they found themselves sloshing around
in water over their ankles.

  “By George, the man that turned this
water on will suffer for it!” bellowed
Warren. He was fighting mad now.
The third officer was aboard, and he
would demand an investigation.

  He groped about over his head for
the opening through which they had
crawled into the tank, but could not
find it, and a horrible fear seized upon
him. He flashed his torch at the roof
of the tank, and a cry of terror came
from him.

 “The manhole is closed!” he
shrieked. “They’re going to drown us
like rats in a hole.”

  Desperately they each pressed a stout
palm against the cover, twisting and
turning in a vain endeavor to loosen it.

Their efforts were in vain, and the
phlegmatic old German’s face was a
sickly white in the glare of Warren’s
torch as they ceased their struggles and
faced each other.

  It was then that Tom Warren showed
the stuff of which he was made. After
that first terrible instant of fright he
got back his nerve, despite the fact that
he realized his enemies had trapped him
at last, and that the tenure of his life
was but a matter of minutes now.

  “You hammer with your screw driver
on the tank, Karl,” he shouted, “and I’ll
see if I can plug the intake pipe,” and
he began to strip off his dungarees.
Wemple commenced to pound fran-
tically with his screw driver. Warren
saw his lips moving, and knew that he
was praying.

  The intake pipe was a large one, and
the pumps were powerful ones. War-
ren knelt in the rising flood and strove
with all his strength to tbrust his dun-
garees into the mouth of the pipe, but
the inrush was too great. In despair,
he dropped the garment and thrust his
hands into the pipe, but the force of the
water thrust them aside as if they had
been so much thistledown, and real-
izing that he could not hope to stop the
water, Warren seized his own screw
driver and joined Karl in hammering
on the side of the tank. The water was
up to their knees now. In ten minutes
it would be up to their armpits.

  Minute after minute they tapped,
while the water rose and the chill assur-
ance of their fate gripped the two in-
spectors. Warren knew his men would
search for him presently, and that the
tank would be opened. There was a
chance that they would come before it
was too late.

  The water had reached their armpits.
Slowly it crept upward over their shoul-
ders, and, standing on their toes, they
still pounded. Only a new sound now
filled the small space still left in the
tank in which a sound might reverber-
THE FREE H/1N<D

199

ate. It was the sound of insane cries
from the two imprisoned men, as the
water encircled their necks.

  Then they gave up hope and the tap-
ping ceased.

CHAPTER XXI.

  At about a quarter of five Thaddeus
McSorley, standing well inside the
stateroom and back of the open port,
saw a teamster drive down the mail
dock and swing his team in behind Lind,
who was checking a load. The dock
clerk looked up for an instant as the
truck rumbled by him; then he raised
both arms, stretched them full length,
brought his closed fist back to his shoul-
ders, and yawned profoundly.

  Lind had not yet resumed his check-
ing before Thaddeus McSorley had fled
from the stateroom and dashed forward
in a hurry to find Warren and get his
orders, for Lind had signaled the ar-
rival on the dock of the suspected dray-
man, and there was no time to lose. If
the drayman took a full load, well and
good; but if he had come for a few
cases only, he might be loaded up and
gone before Warren should have an op-
portunity to formulate a line of action,
and it might take fifteen minutes to find
Warren in the bowels of the great
steamer.

  McSorley leaned over the hatches and
sounded the little three-note whistle of
the searchers. It was answered at last
from the chain locker in the bow of the
steamer, where Harrison, Toland, and
Caplan were searching. Harrison came
on deck.

  “Have ye seen the chief?” demanded
McSorley.	^

  “He and Wemple went aft,” replied
Harrison, and went back into the chain
locker.

  McSorley ran along the ’tween-
decks, repeating his call continuously,
but receiving no answer. He dropped
down into the engine room, looked into

the coal bunkers, and peered out into
the shaft alley. Still no answer. He
was on the point of leaving the stem of
the ship when he heard a faint tapping,
and paused. Perhaps Warren and
Wemple were sounding some hollow
compartment. However, the tapping
was continuous, and McSorley decided
that it was some boilermaker at work
and passed on. As he neared the water
tank, however, the tapping sounds grew
louder. He was about to pass the tank
when he paused suddenly.

  Surely that tapping came from inside
the tank!

  McSorley glanced at the top of the
tank and saw that the manhole was
closed. Nevertheless that incessant tap-
ping continued to come from under his
very nose. He stood there pondering,
and presently the tapping became more
irregular; McSorley thought the blows
were weaker than they had been. He
drew his six-shooter and rapped smartly
against the tank thrice. Instantly the
tapping from within was resumed furi-
ously for perhaps thirty seconds; then,
save for an occasional tap, it died away
completely.

  But Thaddeus McSorley had been
answered. There could be no doubt
about it. Somebody was imprisoned in
that tank and desirous of getting out,
so Thaddeus McSorley threw the lever,
unscrewed the cover, and lifted it off.

 The pale face of Tom Warren
gleamed at him out of the water not six
inches below the open manhole. War-
ren was holding Karl Wemple in his
arms, for Karl was three inches shorter
than Warren, and had not Warren
lifted him above the rising flood his
mouth and nose would have been under
water fully two minutes before the
water shut oft the air from Wawen.

 Thaddeus McSorley’s arm shot
downward and grasped the old inspec-
tor by the collar. Up he came, limp
and dripping, sprawling out on the tank
where Thaddeus incontinently tossed
200

THB cPO<PULAcR MAGAZINB

him. An instant later, Warren lay be-
side him, both thoroughly exhausted.
They had been rescued not a minute
too soon.

  McSorley eyed them whimsically, but
not without concern in his humorous
Irish eyes.

  “Well, sir,” he said, as Warren, first
to recover himself, grinned up at Thad-
deus sheepishly, “ye’ll need no bath this
Satherd’y night, I’m thinkin’. Who
tried the water cure on ye? Tell me
his name, sir, an’ I’ll put so many holes
in him he won’t be able to contain him-
self.”

  “If I knew,” said Tom Warren, “I’d
do it myself. There’s about ten thou-
sand dollars’ worth of dope floating
around in there, Thaddeus.”

  “Well, there’s more on this dock this
minute, for that blackguard av a team-
ster is loadin’ now. I was hunting for
ye to tell ye about it, wrhen I hearrd
ye tappin’—here, ye little German
bombshell! L’ave be, I tell ye! Hands
off! You’re as welcome as a wet dog—
well, may the divil take ye for a sen-
timintal auld fool, Karl Wemple.”

  After relieving himself of more water
than he had drunk in a month, Karl
Wemple had come to sufficiently to real-
ize that the funeral arrangements had
been postponed indefinitely, and with a
sputter of oaths the son of the Father-
land had cast himself into McSorley’s
arms and implanted an affectionate kiss
upon each of the ex-sergeant’s sun-
tanned cheeks. Had a mine exploded
under McSorley he could not have been
more surprised or horrified. He shoved
Wemple away roughly, and, blushing
like a girl, he said to Warren:

  “The Dutchman’s sufferin’s have de-
ranged him. Call Toland, sir, an’ sind
the auld fool home in a hack.”

  “Oh, Thaddeus McSorley,” roared
Tom Warren, “I love you like a
brother!” and, grasping Thaddeus in
his arms, he tangoed around with him
for fully a minute.

  “Don’t blame Karl, Thaddeus,” he
said joyously, “it’s a habit the Germans
have with those they love.”

  “L’ave be, ye 'ramping lunatic,”
shouted McSorley, “an’ pay attintion to
me message. Haven’t I towld ye there’s
a certain man on the dock awaitin’ our
attintion.”

  “Then get out of here, you Irish ras-
cal ! Lay for him outside the dock gate
and pick him up when . he drives out.
Follow a block in his rear and find out
where he delivers his load. Stick by
him until the last chow case is disposed
of, if it takes you a week- When you
have the right information for me, re-
port back. I shall be at the Eagle Cafe
all evening. Run along now, McSorley.
Leave the dock now without attracting
the attention of Wyrick and Gilmore,
and if you want me call me on the
phone. Karl and I are going into the
engine room to dry out.”

  McSorley turned without further ado
and vanished. Before he had reached
the dock he had managed to dig up a
couple of official-looking envelopes
from Toland and Harrison, and carry-
ing them ostentatiously in his hand, he
sauntered easily down the gangplank.
In the inspectors’ room, he discarded
his dungarees, got into his street clothes,
and walked briskly out the dock gate.
In a saloon a block away, he paused,
purchased a drink, and stood nibbling
cheese and crackers at the free lunch
counter until a quick glance over the
swinging doors showed him the sus-
pected teamster driving by with a dozen
cases of “chow” goods; whereupon Mc-
Sorley took up the trail, keeping a block
or two behind the truck, but n^ver for
an instant letting it out of his sight.

CHAPTER XXII.

  When Warren left the mail dock at
the usual hour that evening, he casu-
ally remarked, for the benefit of several
inspectors who were washing up and
THE FCREE HAN<D

201

joshing each other in the assembly
room, that he had a hot tip on some
smuggled opium in Chinatown, and was
going to pull off a little round-up of his
own.

  He had already given his orders to
Karl Wemple and the men he trusted.
Both Wemple and Warren were both
entirely recovered from the effects of
their horrible adventure of the after-
noon, and had dried their clothing in
the engine room. Old Karl was still a
little nervous, but declared himself
game for whatever the night might have
in store for him.

  Warren had figured that if, as Graves
seemed to suspect, the anonymous let-
ter which he had received that morning
had been a plant designed for the pur-
pose of getting him out of the way, the
news that he had taken the bait would
quickly be passed to headquarters if,
as he suspected, there were agents of
the smuggling ring in hfs own force of
customs inspectors.

  He went uptown to a quiet cafe, en-
tered a box, and ordered his dinner,
mentioning to the waiter that he ex-
pected a call on the telephone. He
made a leisurely meal, and was linger-
ing over his cigar and black coffee,
when Thaddeus McSorley burst in
upon him.

  “Well, Mac?”

  “Begorry, we’ve got thim-”

  “Why didn’t you phone me?”

  “I dassen’t. I’m afraid av them tell-
fomes, and besides, I knew I’d have
time to find ye in perrson. Besides,
divil a bite at all have I had this day
since breakfast. Ye might have the
dacency to ask a man if he has a
mouth ?”

  Warren ordered his henchman a steak
and potatoes, and when the waiter had
gone to the kitchen, McSorley told his
story.

  “I trailed him up into Chinatown,
and he shtopped at Shui On’s store in
Washington Street, near Grant Avenoo,

where he unloaded all but wan case

  “That alibis Shui On,” interrupted
Warren. “I always did like that old
chink. He’s a merchant, alid doing a
legitimate business. Well, what next,
Thaddeus ?”

  “I followed the truck down Washing-
ton Street again to Market. ’Twas
dusk be that time, and whin we got
down Market almost to the ferry, he
turned down Stewart Street. ’Twas as
dark as the Ninth Cavalry be that time,
an’ he pulled up in front av a buildin’
between Howard an’ Mission. Afther
some palaver at the door, he rolled the
case inside, an’ I crept up close to the
open door and hearrd the case go
bumpin’ an’ scrapin’ downstairs. Whin
I hearrd them Cornin’ upstairs ag’in, I
lepped out into a vacant lot next doer
an’ hid behind the fince. ‘Tell Jerry to
come at ten o’clock,’ says wan av the
two men. ‘I will,’ says the teamster,
an’ he got on his truck an’ drove away,
jinglin’ goold in his pocket.”

  “What did you do next ?”

  “I hired a taxi an’ come right away
here, an’ be the same token the taxi
man is outside yet, waitin’ for his pay.
I towld him to wait till I’d had a bite.”
“Did you mark down this place in
Stewart Street, Thaddeus? You’ll have
to lead us there at ten o’clock.”

  McSorley raised his hand in disgust.
“Ye gossoon! D’ye think it’s a child I
am. I reconnoitered it from all angles.
It has big iron doors in front, all locked
an’ bolted tight, wit’ a small door cut
into the big main door. In the rear av
the buildin’ there’s a small wooden
door. Guard each door, an’ ye have
thim. ’Tis best to attack from the rear,
for ’tis all vacant lot back av it, an’ we
can come in from Spear Street.”

  “Hurry up and finish your dinner,
Mac. To-night’s the night, and we’ll
bust this smuggling ring wide open or
I’m a Chinaman.”

  When McSorley had finished eating,
202

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

they entered the waiting taxicab and
went to a public-telephone station,
where Warren entered a soundproof
booth and called three numbers. After
brief conversations with each, he came
out, dismissed the taxi, and turned to
his faithful bodyguard.

  “Well, we have a couple of hours’
time to kill,” he explained. “Mac, let’s
go to a moving-picture show until it’s
time to get busy.”

CHAPTER XXIII.

  At five minutes past ten six shadowy
figures, guided by Thaddeus McSorley,
stole across the lot back of the Stewart
Street building where the teamster had
delivered the chow case that same even-
ing. When they were close to the rear
of the building, two of the figures de-
tached themselves from the group and
slipped along the wall into Stewart
Street, under orders to guard the main
entrance. Warren, McSorley, Toland,
and Caplan made their way, with ex-
treme caution, to the little back door.

  Warren crouched close to it, his ear
at the keyhole, listening. From within
came the faint sound of voices.

  Toland and Caplan carried axes, and
Warren was on the point of giving
them the signal to break in the door
when McBride, one of the men who
had been detailed in front of the build-
ing, came running back along the wall.

  “We’ve got Gilmore,” he whispered.
“Ran plump into him as we were sneak-
ing along the wall. I think he must
have been on guard. He’s scared to
death and begging for mercy. He
wants to see you, Warren, and says he’ll
squeal on the gang if you’ll only prom-
ise to do your best to let him down
easy.”

“What have you done with him?”

  “Harrison is holding him covered.
What’ll we do with him?”

  “I’ll see,” said Warren, and, follow-
ing McBride, he went around to the

front of the building, where he found
Gilmore cowering under the menace of
Harrison’s gun. Fear had rendered the
man spineless, and upon Warren’s
promise of a plea at headquarters for
immunity for him, the dock clerk agreed
to follow his instructions implicitly. He
took the precaution to handcuff Gil-
more, however, before ordering him to
precede him back to the rear of the
building, while Harrison and McBride
resumed their vigil at the front en-
trance.

  Arrived at the small door in the rear,
Gilmore inserted a key in the lock, but
the lock was evidently.a false one, for
the inspectors clustered behind Gilmore
caught the sound of a distant buzzing,
which ceased the moment the key was
withdrawn. They waited. A minute
passed; then six distinct taps were
heard on the inside of the door. Gil-
more answered with a pause between
the second and third raps; a bar grated
and the door swung inward.

  Tom Warren presented a large black
gun in the face of the man who opened
the door, and Thaddeus McSorley,
pressing close beside him, clasped a red,
hairy paw over the man’s mouth before
he could cry out. Silently and swiftly
the man was bound and gagged and laid
on the floor, with Caplan to guard him
and Gilmore.

  A faint light showed below a stair-
way entrance some thirty feet inside the
building, and toward this the raiding
party cautiously went. Warren and
Wemple, stooping, could just make out
a group of four men gathered around
a packing case, upon which a small ker-
osene lamp stood. A broad-shouldered
man, with his back to the stairs, was
leaning over the case and counting out
coin into separate piles, while in the
foreground stood a chow case with the
lid ripped off, showing it to be level-
full with five-tael tins of opium.

  Warren and Thaddeus McSorley tip-
THE F<REE HAN®

203

toed down the stairs side by side until
the entire scene was exposed to view.

  “Hands up!” It was the irrepressible
McSorley who gave the order, and by
way of emphasis he fired twice over
the heads of the little knot of smug-
glers. They whirled, and every arm
shot skyward, with the exception of
those of the man who was counting out
the money. He did not even turn to
face the intruders, for, as McSorley’s
bullet flattened on the masonry dead-
wall over him, he quietly blew out the
light. On the instant the inspectors
leaped down the stairs and sprawled on
the floor, while a perfect fusillade of
bullets from a brace of automatics
whined over them.

  “Don’t shoot at the flashes,” warned
McSorley, to whom the song of the
bullet was very old.

  They were in total darkness, and the
acrid smell of powder filled the base-
ment. Presently, his automatics being
empty, the cool individual who had
blown out the light ceased shooting, and
McSorley, who, finding himself in a
gun fight, had naturally and inevitably
assumed command, spoke.

  “What a stupid fool ye are,” he-said
gently. “I could have killed ye a dozen
times, ye gossoon, and be the same
token I’ve killed betther men for less.
Ye’re thrapped like mice. Think bet-
ther av it now, you with the automatics,
but if ye must do some shootin’ blow
yer own brains out-”

  A shot answered him. One of the
smugglers had fired at the sound of the
daring Hibernian’s voice, and the bullet
scored McSorley’s shoulder. He rolled
over on the floor, while the bullets sang
over him; then fired at the flashes from
the gun of the man who was shooting
at him. There was the sound of a fall-
ing body, a voice cried chokingly : “My
God! He’s got me. I’m a dead man,”
and one of the smugglers whimpered.

  “Next!” roared Thaddeus McSorley.
He was every inch a soldier. "D'ye

think this is a strawberry festival, me
bucko? I’ve had years av practice at
night fightin’; I’m at home here, an’
ye’re not. You wit’ the money! Light
that lamp ag’in. Quick !”

  A match scratched and flickered, and
the big man cursed as he burned his fin-
gers on the hot lamp chimney. War-
ren flashed his electric torch on the
group, and every hand went up again,
two of them clutching revolvers. War-
ren and McSorley kept their lights play-
ing on the group and kept them cov-
ered, while Werpple and Toland re-
moved the guns from the smugglers and
snapped the handcuffs on their wrists.

  “I hit wan av them,” said McSorley
complacently. To kill a man in the
line of duty worried Thaddeus McSor-
ley about as much as it worries a small
boy to shoot an English sparrow.

  “He’s back of the packing case,” said
Toland, and flashed his light on the
form huddled there.

  The inspectors looked behind the
case. Lying on his back, with his
glazed eyes staring, unblinking, into the
dazzling circle of light, lay Bill Wy-
rick, the customs inspector who had
found his duty less profitable than
smuggling. He had been shot twice
through the breast, and was quite dead.
In his hand he still clutched the revolver
with which he had fired upon Mc-
Sorley.

  “Ach, dis iss terrible!” said Karl
Wemple.

  “ ’Twas the best way out for Wy-
rick,” rejoined the philosophical Mc-
Sorley. “Betther death nor dishonor.
He saw the uniforms and knew the in-
spectors had got him. W7hy, he’s in
uniform himself-”

  The Irishman paused, for Tom War-
ren’s gun had fallen, clattering to the
concrete floor of the basement, and he
was staring, open-mouthed, at the
broad-shouldered man who was evi-
dently the leader of the ring.

  “You—John Spencer!” he whispered,
204

THE tPCYPULfltR. MAGAZINE

and backed away, horrified. “I—I—
didn’t know! How could I ?”

  It was true. The leader of the opium
smugglers was John Spencer, father of
the girl Tom Warren loved and hoped
to make his wife, and the capture had
been made in Spencer’s ship-chandlery
store. In the excitement of the chase,
and having approached the store from
the rear, W'arren had failed to recog-
nize the place in the dark.

  McSorley, born leader that he was,
and the coolest man among them, calmly
picked up Warren’s revolver and
twirled it gently by the trigger guard.
He realized on the instant that Warren
stood face to face with tragedy—that
between the leaders of the smugglers
and his chief lay something greater than
the mere animal interest that must ever
obtain between hunter and hunted.
Spencer stood, licking his dry lips and
eying Tom Warren curiously. Mc-
Sorley, with the quick wit of his race,
hastened to cover his chief’s embarrass-
ment.

  He reached for one of the prisoners
—a wizened little Chinaman, and
about-faced him roughly.

  “Up the stairs wit’ you! Wemple,
do you cover wan, and do you, Toland,
take charrge av the other. Misther
Warren himself’11 took afther the other
lad. Up outer this wit’ the gang av
them !” and before Wemple and Toland
realized that they were being ordered
about by a man with no authority, Tom
Warren found himself alone in the
basement with John Spencer. Spencer
was the first to speak.

  “Warren,” he said gravely, .“I con-
gratulate you. This will mean quite a
feather in your cap.”

  “I would rather some other man had
placed it there, sir,” murmured War-
ren. “You must know the anguish this
causes me—not to mention the terrible
blow it will be to Ruth and her mother.”

  Spencer’s glance dropped, and brave

arid reckless as he was, a tear started
down his cheek.

  “This is awful,” he said huskily—
“awful. But it might be worse. Thank
God you have made the arrest!”

  “Why ?” demanded Warren .stupidly.
  “You love my daughter, don’t you?”
  “Yes.”

  “You wouldn’t ruin her life by—
by-”

  Warren slowly shook his head. “I
can’t dodge the issue,” he said miser-
ably. “I’d like to—to-”

  “You can do it clean, Warren. Only
let me get away to-night, and I’ll be out
of the city and stay out for good. When
we get upstairs, don’t put the cuffs on
me. Stand between me and your men,
and when I make a break fire on me.
You can fire high. One jump out the
door and I’m gone in the darkness.
Warren, for the sake of my family—
for Ruth’s sake, listen to reason. If I
go to the pen they’ll never hold up
their heads again, but if I get away to-
night they can follow later, and we can
start life all over again in Canada.”
Warren shook his head, although his
heart was breaking. “It can’t be done,
it can’t be done!” he murmured miser-
ably.

  “I’ll make it worth your while to let
me go. On my word of honor, once I
get away clean, I’ll send you ten thou-
sand dollars-”

  Warren raised his hand beseechingly.
“Please don’t make it hard for me,” he
said. “It’s no use to try to bribe me.
I can’t be bought. It breaks my heart
to do it, for Ruth’s sake, but I’m going
to land you in the city prison to-night.”
Spencer’s nerve was gone at that
dogged ultimatum. He went to his
knees and commenced to beg for mercy,
imploring Warren, by every tie, to give
him a running chance in the dark.

  “For the sake of my wife and family
—for the sake of your own future hap-
piness, Warren, listen to reason.
You’ve broken up the ring, you’ve got
THE FREE HAN<D

205

the goods. Isn’t that glory enough ?
This means a long prison term for me
and disgrace to my family—1—”

  “I can’t dodge my duty, Spencer.
We’ve both played the game according
to our lights, and it’s the fortunes of
war that you lose.”

  “But think of Ruth-”

  “I am thinking of her,” and Warren
choked back a sob. “Precede me up-
stairs—please—and don’t try to get
away. The Irishman will outrun you
if you start, and he’ll kill you before
you’ve gone twenty yards.”

  Spencer bowed his head. The real-
ization had come to him that here was
a man who could not be bought. He
gathered up the money piled on the
packing case and stood looking at Tom
Warren with a pleading, half-surprised
look in his bold eyes. Warren pointed
to the stairway, and, preceded by John
Spencer, they rejoined the posse wait-
ing with the other prisoners on the
main floor. He turned Spencer over to
Thaddeus McSorley, who promptly
linked him to Gilmore, while Warren
went into Spencer’s office, called up the
morgue, and instructed them to send
the wagon for Wyrick’s body. Next he
called up the harbor-police station and
asked to have the black Maria sent to
Spencer’s ship-chandlery store, and
while he waited for both wagons to ar-'
rive he remained alone in the darkened
office where none might see his great
distress and silently fought between his
love and duty.

  When the morgue attaches and the
police-patrol wagon arrived, the pris-
oners were bundled into the wagon.
Toland and Caplan were left in the
store to guard the opium until morning,
and Warren sent Karl Wemple home to
bed, for the excitement of that never-
to-be-forgotten day had been too much
for the old fellow’s stolid nerves, and
he was on the verge of collapse. Har-
rison and McSorley accompanied War-
ren in the patrol wagon with the pris-

oners up to the harbor station, where
the smugglers were locked up for the
night, pending their removal to the Ala-
meda County jail by the Federal au-
thorities in the morning. And when he
had the smuggling ring under lock and
key, Tom Warren rang up Graham,
deputy surveyor of the port. The latter
had evidently been awakened from a
sound sleep.

  “Well, well,” he growled, “who
is it?”

  “Warren speaking. I’ve captured the
entire smuggling ring.”

  “What!”

  “All of them, sir. Rounded up the
entire outfit in John Spencer’s ship-
chandlery store. Spencer is the ring-
leader. And I regret to report that
Inspector Wyrick, whom I had under
surveillance for some time, was found
with the smugglers. He resisted arrest,
and one of my men found it necessary
to kill him.”

 “Wha—who—why, what the devil,
Warren! Wyrick killed and Spencer
—what Spencer?”

  “John Spencer, the ship chandler in
Stewart Street. I’ve just made the
raid, I tell you.”

  “Why didn’t you inform me of your
contemplated raid?” bellowed Graham.
“You’re running things with too free a
hand altogether. Why didn’t you con-
sult with me?”

  “Well, if you must know, sir,” said
Warren humbly, “I didn’t have to, and
it is merely an excess of courtesy which
prompts me to call you up now.”

  “But, Spencer—surely you’ve made a
mistake, Warren. Spencer’s standing is
beyond question. If you’ve blundered,
Warren, you’ll pay dearly for it. You’ll
feel the weight of Spencer’s influence.
Where are you now?”

  “At the harbor-police station with my
prisoners.”

  “Hold them there. I’ll be right
down. Stay there until I arrive.”
“Foxy old Graham,” mused Warren,
206

THE POPULA^R MAGAZINE

as he hung up. “He’s going to try to
save his face to-night. He’ll beat the
reporters to the station and hog the
credit for this raid himself. And he
can’t get over his habit of giving me
orders. Wish I knew where Graves
could be found. I’d ring him up, too.”

  Graham arrived in a taxi within
twenty minutes. He glowered at War-
ren, lolling with his back against the
front of the sergeant’s desk.

   “Well, sir,” he said brusquely, “ex-
plain your failure to keep me in touch
with your plans-”

   “Explain nothing, you crook!” roared
Tom Warren. “Sergeant, I arrest this
man in the name of the government of
the United States and charge him with
the crime of smuggling as an accessory
before the fact. Graham, you’re under
arrest. Sergeant, will you please be
kind enough to lock this man up? I’ll
prefer a charge against him in the
morning.”

CHAPTER XXIV.

  For several seconds Deputy Graham
stood, mouth agape, staring at Warren,
the acting deputy, who had dared to im-
pugn his integrity and order him under
arrest. Presently Graham attempted a
laugh—a dry, uneasy laugh.

  “Warren,” he said, “upon my word
you're immense. A boob like you going
to such lengths to get my job. Ser-
geant, pay no attention to this man. I
am J. B. Graham, deputy surveyor of
the port of San Francisco, and this fel-
low is merely a customs inspector and
under my supervision.”

  “Show your authority to counter-
mand my authority,” smiled Warren.

’ “Show the sergeant your badge of .
office.”

  “I—I left it home,” quavered
Graham.

  “I figured you would.” He flashed
his own inspector’s shield. “I' guess-
that goes, doesn’t it, sergeant?”

  The police sergeant opined that it

did,	and called an officer. “Lock this
man up,” he said tersely. “Never mind
now, Mr. Graham. Mr. Warren may
be wrong, but I cannot decide that ques-
tion. He has the authority to arrest
you on information and belief, and I
cannot argue with you.”

  Graham’s face turned what Huckle-
berry Finn calls “a fish-belly white.”

  “Before you consummate this out-
rage, Warren, suppose you permit me
to call up Mr. Graves.”

  “Certainly! I have no desire to
abuse you.1 Mr. Graves gave me a con-
tract to clean up this smuggling ring,
and I’m, only performing a very un-
pleasant duty. Sergeant, will you kindly
permit Mr. Graham to use the phone?”

  Graham called up Graves at his hotel
and asked him to come at once to the
harbor-police station, and within half
an hour the secret-service chief arrived.
Quivering with rage and apprehension,
Graham explained the charge which
Warren had made against him.

  “This is very serious, Warren,” said
Graves. “It brings discredit on the
service, and unless you can substantiate
your charge beyond the shadow of a
doubt, ali of your good work in round-
ing up this smuggling ring will not avail
to hold you in your job, I assure you of
that.”

  “I have the affidavits of two wit-
nesses. Spencer, the head of the ring,
and Gilmore, the dock clerk. Each has
confessed. For some time, Mr. Graves,
I have suspected that Mr. Graham
might have been a silent partner in this
business—in fact, ever since I first be-
came convinced that Wyrick, one of
our own inspectors, was actively asso-
ciated with the ring. To-night, when I
made the astounding discovery that
John Spencer was the head of the ring,
I recalled the fact that he and Graham
have been friendly for years. I had
often seen them lunching together in a
lower Market Street cafe. Besides,
THE F<REE HAND

207

Wyrick, the late captain of the watch,
was Graham’s appointee. It was just
a hunch I had, Mr. Graves, but it oc-
curred to me to work it up, so to-night
I went into Graham’s office and rooted
through his files. In his desk I found
some canceled checks, and in his letter
files I found a letter explaining to
Spencer that he was powerless to re-
move me from my position as captain
of the watch. I sprung this evidence
on - Spencer and frightened him into
signing a written confession. Gilmore
was the go-between, and frequently car-
ried the cash to Graham. I have their
written confessions, signed before a
notary public. I spent two hours with
them before calling up Mr. Graham.
I was too tired to go out after him my-
self, so he saved me the trouble by com-
ing to the station himself. Inspector
Brennan, you will recall, has not been
seen for several days. He was drowned
while being pursued by me. I caught
him under Pier No. 44, attempting
to smuggle opium off the Persia.
Brennan, by the way, is Graham’s
brother-in-law. I have the goods on
this man, Mr. Graves, and I demand his
arrest,” and Warren handed a sheaf of
papers toward Graves. Graham made
a wild grab for them, but Graves beat
him to it.

  “Lock him up, sergeant,” said
Graves, and showed the police officer
his secret-service badge. Wildly weep-
ing and protesting, Graham was led
away to a cell, while Graves coolly
skimmed through the documents which
Warren had handed him and which
conclusively proved that Graham had
been cognizant of the operations of the
ring and had shared in the profits of
their illegal industry.

  “Well, Warren,” said the secret-
service chief presently, “I congratulate
you, my boy. You’ve landed the entire
gang high and drv at one cast.”

  “Mot quite, sir.” replied Warren,
smiling wanly. “I didn’t get Black

Pete. He, with Inspector Brennan, was
drowned when the ferryboat Encinal
hit that skiff in front of her slip the
other night. I captured a boatman
named Johnson, who is a smuggler, but
I let him go. He’s a poor, ignorant
devil, and has a family depending upon
him. However, when the Mongolia
gets back to port again I’ll land a few
more of the small fry, although I be-
lieve them to be independent operators.
At any rate, the backbone of the ring is
broken, as I promised you it would be.”
“That’s about all that counts, War*
ren. The searchers can keep the rest
of the traffic within normal bounds
hereafter. And now, if you are through
here for the night, I suggest you go
home. I have a taxi waiting outside.
Come with me,” and he drew Warren’s
arm in his and led him outside.

  “Tell me where you live, Warren,
and I’ll take you home,” said Graves,
when they found themselves seated in
the taxi.

  “I’m not going home,” replied the
acting deputy sadly. “I have to go out
to John Spencer’s home.”

  “Why? Haven’t you secured enough

evidence-”

  Warren laid his hand on Graves’
knee. “After to-night, Mr. Graves, I’m
off this case. I don’t care to have any-
thing more to do with it, and I want to
be relieved. I’m going out now to break
the news of Spencer’s arrest to his wife
and daughter. It’s going to be a hard
job—much harder than breaking up a
smuggling ring.”

  “Then why bother about it, my boy?
Let them read it in the newspapers to-
morrow morning. Why distress your-
self ?”

  “I’ve got to. Spencer’s daughter,
Ruth, is my affianced wife.”

  “What!” It had been a long time
since Graves had been so surprised.

  “Yes,” continued Warren dully,
“we’ve been engaged for more than a
208

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

year, and we were to have been married
when I got ahead a little farther.”

 “I’m sorry,” said Graves. “I’m
dreadfully sorry. And I do hope it
won’t make any material difference in
your plans—this affair of to-night.”

  “It will. You can’t put a girl’s father
in a Federal prison and still hope to
marry her. It’s against human nature.”
“I fear it is, Warren. Did you real-
ize this when you arrested Spencer ?”
“Did I realize it?” Warren tried to
laugh, but made a dismal failure of it.
“Spencer offered me ten thousand dol-
lars to give him a ten-foot running start
in the dark. He even appealed to me
on the score of his family, and begged

me for Ruth’s sake-”

  “You ass! Why didn’t you let him
go ?” Graves demanded hotly.

  . “I was under suspicion myself—un-
just suspicion, and I had to make good.
Besides, I was never a crook. I can
stand to lose the girl, but I could never
be quite happy if I lost my honor. It’s
about all I have in this world; and,
besides, L hoped Ruth would, in time,
realize the fix I was in and see things
in a different light.”

  He spoke slowly, monotonously, as if
a supreme burden of woe had been
placed upon him and the limit of human
suffering reached at one stroke of fate.
Graves was silent for several minutes
as they rumbled through the deserted
streets of the sleeping city.

  “I never figured you a crook, War-
ren,” he said presently. “I knew you
for an honest man that first morning
we. met in Graham’s office. Neverthe-
less, I didn’t figure Graham as a dis-
honest man—merely a stupid, blunder-
ing fool, foisted on the service in pay-
ment of a political debt.”

  They had arrived in front of the
Spencer home, and Warren alighted.
He stood by the side of the taxi and
held Graves’ hand a moment. The little
man stroked his whiskers cattishly with

the other hand and regarded Warren
with a half-amused smile.

  “Don’t give up the ship, Warren,”
was his parting admonition. “If the
girl is worthy of you she won’t throw
you over, and, if she throws you over,
consider yourself lucky. Remember!
This is a case of a crook’s daughter
tossing over an honest man. Stand your
ground and wait patiently. It will all
come out right in the finish.”

  He wrung Warren’s hand, and tjie
taxi rolled away. Warren climbed the
steps and rang the front-door bell, and
after about a minut§ Ruth answered
the bell. She was dressed in a filmy,
lacy garment which she had slipped on
over her night robe, and her brown,
luxuriant hair hung down her back in
two long, girlish braids.

  “Oh, is it you, Tom, dear?” she said,
startled. “I thought it was father. I’ve
been awake in bed, reading and waiting
for him to come home—-why, what’s the
matter, Tom?”

  He had stepped silently inside and
closed the door behind him, and was
staring at her with troubled eyes. She
came to him and placed her hands on
his shoulder.

 “Has something happened?” she
whispered. “Tell me.”

  Tom Warren gently removed her lit-
tle white hands. The dumb agony in
his eyes affrighted her.

  “Sweetheart,” he said slowly and
evenly, “your father isn’t coming home
to-night. I arrested him at ten o’clock
as an opium smuggler, and he is now
in the harbor-police station. He will
go from there to the Federal prison at
Leavenworth or McNeil’s Island. I
made a raid to-night, and your father
was caught with the rest of the gang.
He was caught red-handed—and I
couldn’t let him go. I couldn’t warn
him—I didn’t know—I—I never sus-
pected-”

  She drew away from him as if his
very touch contaminated her.
THE FCREE HAN®

  “And you arrested my father, Tom.
You took him to prison—knowing what
this disgrace means to—to—mo-ther—

and me-”

  She leaned against the wall and hid
her quivering face in her bare, white
arms.

  “Yes, I realized all that, Ruth,” the
man went on inexorably. “I could have
connived at his escape—only he offered
me money to let him go, and—and—
my honor ' and his life were both at
stake. If I had let him go, I would
have been a traitor to the service—and
besides, McSorley would have chased

him and probably killed him—I-”

  He was silent a moment, biting his
lip and gazing at her piteously.

  “Is it going to be the same between
us after this, Ruthie?” he said pres-
ently. “Answer, Ruthie. Can you view

this thing as a man would view it-”

  She turned on him passionately.
“No, I cannot,” she cried, “for if you
had loved me you would have thought
first of me and placed my happiness
above your honor! Go! I never want
to see your face again!”

  He bowed with old-fashioned cour-
tesy. “Good night, sweetheart,” he
said gently. “I do not blame you; only
I’ve made the mistake of loving you
too well, and of playing the game as
men play it. Good night. I’m so sorry
for you, dear—but I couldn’t help it.”
“You could,” she sobbed. “You’re
climbing to promotion fver the broken
hearts of my father and mother and
me, and I hate you.”

  He opened the door, passed out, and
closed it softly behind him. Outside, a
million stars sprinkled the sky with
their radiance, but the light had gone
out of the world for Tom Warren. He
walked home, stumbling along, blinded
by the tears which even a strong man
may shed at times and without shame.
He had done his duty and sacrificed his
love, and the fruits of victory had
turned to ashes in his hands.

C14A

209

CHAPTER XXV.

  Three months after Tom Warren had
made his spectacular raid which re-
sulted in the capture of the opium
smugglers whose organization had for
years defied the law, matters in the cus-
toms service had settled down into their
old routine.

  With the arrival of the Mongolia,
Warren had kept a close watch on the
chain locker, and had the added glory
of capturing three of the crew who
were using the cargo blocks as a cache
for their opium. That frightened the
other petty smugglers to such an extent
that for sixty days not a liner searched
yielded a single tin of the drug.

  At the coroner's inquest into the
death of Wyrick, McSorley was ex-
onerated from blame and the jury
brought in a verdict of death from a
gunshot wound while resisting a'rrest.
From the moment he had fired the fatal
shots until the formality of the inquest
was over, the ex-soldier had worried
not, for to him it was all in the day's
work, and he was being paid forty cents
an hour for his services.

  Graham, out on heavy bail, was sus-
pended from his office as deputy sur-
veyor of the port and his office assistant
temporarily installed in his stead. At
the trial of Graham he had been con-
victed on the testimony of Gilmore and
Spencer, but the trial judge had sus-
tained an appeal. Gilmore pleaded
guilty and was given a suspended sen-
tence as a sort of immunity bath. The
other members of the ring, with the ex-
ception of John Spencer, had been tried
and convicted and sentenced to two
years at Leavenworth. John Spencer
never came to trial. While he was
being taken from the Alameda County
jail to San Francisco for trial by no
less a person than the imperturbable
Graves, the latter had been set upon
en route by a gang of toughs, knocked
down, and his prisoner taken away
210

THE cPO’PULAcR MAGAZINE

from him. Despite the fact that Graves
managed to stagger to his feet and
empty his revolver at his assailants, his
aim was wild—due probably to the blow
which had felled him—and Spencer, ac-
companied by his rescuers, escaped in
an automobile, and although every ef-
fort of the secret-service bureau was
made to apprehend him, he managed to
make his escape into Canada.

  It was Graves who brought the news
to Tom Warren one day at the mail
dock.

  “Well, Warren/’ he said in his crisp
fashion, “I guess that man Spencer
made a clean get-away.”

  “I’m glad of it,” replied Warren
dully, “and I’m infinitely obliged to you
for letting him get away.”

  “Well, I tried hard enough to stop
him, but they’d given me quite a rap on
the head-”

  “I notice they didn’t hurt you very
badly. And you didn’t have Spencer
handcuffed to you, as a bright secret-
service man should have taken the pre-
caution to do. And you started to bring
him over alone. Rats! It was a put-up
job, boss. You framed it, and it’s just
as well you did. Spencer is out of the
country by this time, I dare say, and he
can never come back. We’ve accom-
plished as much good as if we had him
safe in Leavenworth. The ring’s busted
to pieces.”

  Graves smiled, despite an apparent
effort to affect amazement.

  “Well, you know, Warren, we might
have let him go under a suspended sen-
tence if he hadn’t lost his head and
started the shooting that night. Be-
sides, he was the ringleader, and we
would have had to make an example of
him—and there was the girl to con-
sider. I saw her in court when her
father was testifying, and I—ahem!
a-humph ! I was a young fellow myself
once. Of course, I’m not admitting
anything, young man, but nevertheless
if I hear a whisper from you again of

this frame-up talk it will go hard with
you.”

 “I’m as- mum as Cheops, Mr.
Graves.”

 “How about that girl, Warren?
Don’t you think you’d better make an
attempt to fix things up with her?”
Warren shook his head. “It’s all up
to Ruth,” he answered. “I played the
game fair, and I ask no favors. I can
take my beating like a man, I guess.”
“Well, here’s something else for you
to take,” retorted Graves, and pulled a
long envelope from his pocket. “This
arrived from Washington for you this
morning, and I thought it might be
important, so I brought it down.”

  “Thank you !” Warren tore open the
envelope and read it listlessly. It was
a letter from the secretary of the treas-
ury, informing him that the President
of the United States directed him to
inform Warren that he had that day
been pleased to send to the Senate for
confirmation the name of Thomas'War-
ren for the post of deputy surveyor of
the port of San Francisco, as a recog-
nition of honest, faithful, and extremely
capable service.

  “What’s that ye’re readin’, sir?” said
a voice behind him, and Thaddeus Mc-
Sorley interjected himself into the
conversation.

  Warren silently handed the Irishman
the letter, and the latter read it, with
great delight. When he had finished, he
grasped Tom Warren by the shoulder
and faced him up the dock.

  “Turrn, Thomas Warren,”, he said,
with mock solemnity, “turrn, deputy
surveyor av the port, and go up to
yer office an’ yer fine, fat salary, for
well ye’ve earrned it.”

  He shook Tom Warren’s hand, and
eyed him a bit wistfully.

  “Ye’ve been a good boss, sir,” he con-
tinued, “but me job here is ended, an’
’tis the glad man I am that we’re l’av-
in’ the docks together.”

  “But you don’t have to quit, Thad-
THE FREE HAN<D

211

deus/’ protested Warren. “I’ll appoint
you to a far better job the moment I

take office-”

  Thaddeus McSorley waved a red,
hairy, imperious paw. “Ye’ll do noth-
in’ av the kind—not givin’ ye a short
answer, sir. I’m tired av doin’ nothin’,

an’ I’m goin’ back to the wars-”

  And he whistled a bar from “The
Minstrel Boy.”

  “You hear the East a-callin’, eh, Mc-
Sorley?” suggested Graves.

  “Divil a bit! ’Tis the South that’s
callin’ me, an’ ’tis to Mexico I’m bound.
I’ve been offered a fine job pickin’ off
Federal officers at two hundhred gold
per pick.”

  And he was as good as his word, for
the following morning he came in to
Warren’s office in the customshouse to
say good-by. The war gods were call-
ing to his wild nature, and he could not
deny them.

  “If ye don’t mind, sir,” he said shyly,
“I’d like to keep this auld thirty-eight
you bought me. ’Tis a good gun, an’
God knows when I’ll get a betther. I’d
like it for a soovner av ye.”

  So they parted.

  For a week, Warren was too busy
with the reorganization of his new office
to let his mind dwell at any length upon
the events of the past six months. The
old sting of his lost love still hurt, but
time, the great healer, was doing its
work well.

  One day he received a telegram. It
was dated from a town in Alberta, Can-
ada, and as Warren read it the old ex-
ultant light leaped into his rather sol-
emn eyes and for the first time since
the night of the raid, he smiled. The
telegram was as follows:

   Starting life all over again, wheat farming
in Alberta. Just heard of your promotion.
I congratulate you. You earned it fairly,
but I had something to $do with your suc-

cess, and you owe me a little debt for that.
Ruth and mother leave to join me to-mor-
row. Why not come off your high horse and
ring Ruth up? I’m not much of a father-
in-law, but I would like you for a son-in-
law. Regards to Graves. He’s a bird.

J. S.

  “Well, the rascally old smuggler,”
laughed Tom Warren. “If he isn’t try-
ing to fix it up for me. He’s as crooked
as a bed spring when you view him
from one angle and pretty much of a
man looking at him other ways. I do
believe I could stand the disgrace of
having him for a father-in-lawr.”

  He had reasoned it out instantly.*
Ruth was willing to come to him, but
ashamed to make the first advance, and
Spencer, scenting the trouble, had ap-
pealed to his sense of chivalry to spare
his daughter the humiliation of coming

to him to—to-

  He took down the phone and called
a number. Then: “Hello! Is that
you, Ruthie? . . . Oh, hello, Mrs.
Spencer. This is Tom Warren. Will
you ask Ruthie if she will please come
to the phone and talk to me a moment ?

     . Not in! Oh—that’s too bad!
W-ell, good-by!” and he hung up, just
as the door opened and admitted Ruth
Spencer!

  Tom Warren sat staring pop-eyed at
her over the top of his desk.

  “Why, hello, sweetheart!” he said
finally. “How’ve you been?”

  “Just perfectly splendid, Tommy.
And you ?”

  “Never felt better in my life.”

 “Forgive me, Tom-”

  “Did that long ago. Lock the door
behind you, darling. I’ll lock this one

over here-”

  “Are we all alone, Tom?”

  "All alone.” He satisfied himself that
no one might intrude; then held out
his arms, and she came to him, sobbing
out her joy.

THE END.
The Bitter Scar

By William M. Rouse

The aftermath of a fight with spiked boots in the
Champlain country. A story of French-Canadians.

IT was a day in October when Pierre
Laflamme went up the lake seek-
ing revenge. The wind, coming
down from Canada with a good
smell of winter, slapped Lake Cham-
plain to whitecaps and sang in the
cordage of the sloop Celeste. Blit for
the white scars cutting across his cheek
from nose to ear, Pierre Laflamme
would have been happy. It was busi-
ness concerning them that took him
north this day.

  Report had it that Papinaw Dupres
had come again to Belle Isle. In the
same hour that Pierre Laflamme heard
this news he stood out from Valeboro
Bay, sailing into the wind, that he might
kill Dupres with his hands. For it
was the spiked boot of Papinaw, at the
end of a long fight, that had plowed
across the face of Laflamme. Time
would not take away those marks, nor
anything but death the bitterness of
them.

  That fight had been much talked of
along the lake. Papinaw had come
down from the Dominion to Tunk Sos-
ville’s place on Belle Isle, bringing a
pocketful of money and much whisky
blanc. Laflamme stopped there, with
a parted halyard, to make repairs. It
is easy for a man to' quarrel when he
has the will. Dupres was ugly, and
there were words that night in Sos-
ville’s kitchen. The next day he came
upon Pierre Laflamme from behind
with a stick of four-foot wood, but it
was not until after a battle of half an

hour that he left him helpless on the
beach.

  Now Pierre, his corded arm upon the
tiller, was driving the Celeste to do
all that was in her, for he must not
miss this long-awaited chance. Thought
of the law he had put from him. It was
not likely that a missing Canuck would
rouse much inquiry. But if there were
questions and the sheriff came, La-
flamme was ready. In the months that
the scar had lain across his face, telling
its story to all men, he had come to hold
revenge worth the price of life.

  So, when Belle Isle drew near, a pile
of rocks topped with green against the
sky, Pierre’s thoughts were only as to
the manner of dealing with his enemy.
Sosville’s place was not alone upon the
little island. There were two or three
houses of peaceful folk scattered about,
and one of these stood at the edge of
the rocky cliff girding Belle Isle’s
southern shore. It would be well to
land here and come upon Dupres sud-
denly, giving him no chance to take a
weapon.

  The sloop drew in under the shelter
of the island, and Pierre looked up the
face of the cliff to the little house there.
It was white, and flowers grew about
the door. A path ran up obliquely from
the bowlder-dotted strip of beach. This
place was excellent for a quiet land-
ing, thought Laflamme, as he hove over
the anchor and dropped jib and main-
sail. His dinghy grated on the sand,
and he climbed upward.
THB CBITTECR SC/l^R

213

  On the edge of the cliff he stopped,
with a quick breath, and held himself
poised between two steps; for before
him was a woman such as he had
dreamed of but never hoped to see.
She stood tall and strong, with all the
curves of a frailer form. Dark hair
curled against a fair, brown face, and
in her eyes was the look of one who has
become well of a great sickness. She
was a woman to make glad the heart
of any man.

  “Excuse !” Pierre Laflamme's Eng-
lish was not always of the best when
he felt emotion. “Me, I come up from
the lake.”

  “Of course!” She smiled. “You
couldn’t come from anywhere else, up
that path.”

  Pierre’s heart beat fast. This won-
derful woman was talking to him as to
a frier.d, and almost, for the moment,
he forgot Papinaw Dupres. Then the
strength of his purpose returned.

  “I go on Tunk Sosville’s place,” he
volunteered, seeking to explain his com-
ing and yet keep his errand hid, “for
—for business.”

  “Yes?” Her tone was a further
question. “Tunk’s place is on a good
cove; you could anchor there. But
maybe you never come to Belle Isle
before?”

  “Me, I am Pierre—Pierre Mignon,”
he lied, “from Port James, down south.
I thought it would make good place for
anchor here to leeward.”

  The woman seemed to hesitate and
argue some question within. Then her
eyes looked deep into him, but with
friendliness. Her voice was persuasive:
“It’s getting dusk now. Supper’s on
the stove. Come in and eat before you
go to Sosville’s place.”

  “Merci beaucoup!” Laflamme hardly
could, believe it true that he was to sit
at table and spend perhaps an hour
longer with her. Such hospitable
friendliness was not, in itself, unusual;
but, coming from this woman, it was

a blessing and a delight to Pierre La-
flamme? “I like to eat with you—better
than go anywhere!”

  She smiled and led him into a kitchen
the neatness of which was pleasant to
his eyes. He brought in wood for the
fire, and then sat watching her go
lightly from stove to table. It was great
pleasure to do that, he found, and
caught himself wondering how it would
be always to see a woman such as she
go about one’s own kitchen.

  When they sat down, in the lamp-
light, to biscuits and honey and tea and
a steaming dish of fried potac, the
woman bowed her head and pattered a
brief grace that came musically to the
ears of Laflamme, for it was in the
French of Canada.

  “You are a Frenchwoman!” he ex-
claimed, dropping into the language.
“And yet you speak English better than
many of the Yankees!”

  ”Oai, m’sieu. I came from St. Anne
de Beaupre a long time ago. *This i§ a
good place. There are not many people
—and I like the lake.”

  “Ah, the lake!” Here was something
that only those of the good heart un-
derstood. “The lake is my home. I
love her from my soul. She is strong
and sweet—blue and cool to the touch.
Sometimes she snarls and bites and
goes steel color like the eyes of an
angry man. Then I love her also. And
next to the lake I love my sloop, Ce-
leste !”

  “Celeste!” cried the woman, and
added in English: “Why, that’s my
name!”

  “Now I know why she is so good
boat, mamselle.” Pierre was finding
himself, even in the more difficult
tongue. He saw Celeste grow faintly
pink. She rose from the table.

  “Eat more, Pierre—Pierre Mignon,”
she said. “I must go to shut up my
chickens for the night.”

  She went out of the door, strong and
tall and lithe, and the heart of Pierre
214

TH~E POPULAR MAGAZINE

swelled within him. Then, as suddenly,
his lifting spirits fell. He had forgot-
ten the scar—those twisted ridges of
white that ran from nose to ear, band-
ing his cheek with hideousness. But
for the scar, he would have dared to
love this Celeste; of heaven truly. The
boots of Papinaw Dupres had killed
what chance he might have had. Hate,
tenfold more bitter, ate through him.

  Laflamme rose up, renouncing the
woman. He would go out and finish
the business on which he had come and
then sail from Belle Isle, if le bon Dieu
so willed, never to land there again.
For no torn wreck of a man would be
the one to win this woman, and to see
her again would but make it harder.
Better go before she came into the
house.

 Darkness had come when Pierre
stepped out of doors and made toward
the patch of woods beyond which, lay
the place of Tunk Sosville. It was a
gray darkness, for the full moon strug-
gled behind a cloud curtain, and one
could see well enough even among the
trees. So he went on confidently, find-
ing a path that led with many turnings
toward Sosville’s.

  Of a sudden he heard the crunch of
leaves and little twigs ahead. Whoever
came, it was as well that Pierre La-
flamme should not be met this night;
and so he stepped among the trunks
beside the path, hiding behind one of
them. A dim figure loomed around a
turn. Then hate and straining eyes told
Pierre that here was his enemy, come
to meet him by some good chance.

  Laflamme was back in the path, hold-
ing himself loose-muscled and ready.
The other man stopped ten feet away.
It was Pierre who spoke.

 “Ho, Papinaw Dupres!” he said
evenly. “Stand up and fight! Me,
Pierre Laflamme, have come back to
kill you !”

  A grunt. Silence. And then Du-
pres ans'wered, sneering:

  “You like some more of those boot
heel, Pierre Laflamme? What you do
on this end of Belle Isle?”

  “Sacre!” Pierre’s rage could not
wait. “Fight!”

  He leaped. Dupres gave ground, but
it was only that the battle might be in
an open space, where the footing was
good and the light better. He met
Laflamme, well braced and at no dis-
advantage.

  The muscles of Dupres were smooth
and of the kind that seem fat to the
glance but hold great power. He was
like a bear, clumsy and quick and ter-
rible. Laflamme was long, hard, deep-
chested, and thick of arm. He was a
good sight to see when he moved. It
was steel and stone meeting. If the
steel did not break, it would pierce the
stone.

  They fought with every trick of the
north woods, where always a man
fights to win and by any means. Locked
together, they sought neck-breaking
holds, a chance to gouge or bite. But
there was this difference: Each time
that an arm swung free, Laflamme
drove in a blow with all the force of
his springing muscles. Dupres did not
strike at all.

  The ground Was torn. The men were
less swift, and for brief moments they
rested, holding to each other. The
breath of Dupres puffed, and he worked
desperately to force Pierre down by his
greater weight. There came an instant
when they broke away. Then, as Du-
pres sprang to the attack again, La-
flamme struck low, a smashing drive
that had the weight of both bodies in
it. He felt his fist sink deep just under
the breastbone.

  Papinaw Dupres’ breath went sigh-
ing out, and he flapped to earth as
though emptied of the spirit. His arms
twitched. He lay still on his back.
There was no more strength in him.

 The moon came out. Pierre La-
flamme saw his own hands outstretched
THE (BITTECR SC/JtR

215

before him, $nd knew that he was mov-
ing forward to choke the life from
Papinaw Dupres. He was glad.

  “That was a good fight, M’sieu
Pierre Laflamme!”

  Pierre turned as one brought out of
a traice, and saw the woman, Celeste,
looking at him. The heat of the fight
cooled a little, but not his anger nor
his purpose toward Papinaw Dupres.

. “Go back !” he commanded, although
with no feeling save reverence and care
for her. “This is not good place for
womans!”

  “I know what is in your heart, Pierre
Laflamme.” She spoke softly, but with-
out fear. “You want to kill him there
as he lies!”

  Suddenly Pierre realized that she had
called him by his true name. She must
know, then, that he had come seeking
revenge upon Papinaw Dupres. He
turned and faced her in the moonlight.

  “Oui! I kill him for the shame he
put on my face! I wait three, five
month, till he come again to Belle Isle.
Night and day I hope for those time to
come. I kill him pretty quick, and he

die.	Poof! But me, Pierre Laflamme,
I have for always this mark. Men,
they point; and womans not look at me
but once. That is bitter, mamselle.”
She stepped so near that he could
hear her breathe, and there rose in him
a great pain that he could not reach
out his arms and take her into them, as
he might have done but for the boot
heel of the man he was going to kill.

  “Pierre Laflamme!” In her mouth
his name was a caress, but it was also
a command to give heed. “See what
I do now!”

  She raised an arm and grasped the
flimsy white waist that she wore. There
was a sound of tearing cloth, and Pierre
saw her shoulder, rounded and bare,
gleaming white under the moon. But
from neck to shoulder tip, and halfway
down the arm, the flesh was knotted
in cruel snarls and welts, now healed

a long time, but never to be made
smooth again.

  “ Voila!” she cried. “I also have my
bitter scar.”

  When Pierre could take his eyes
from that shoulder, he looked into her
face. This scar hurt him a thousand-
fold more than the wound upon his
cheek, and yet he loved her greatly
because of it.

  “You are beautiful!” he cried, in his
own tongue. “No one sees.”

  “The good God sees,” she answered.
“It is to be beautiful in His sight.
Pierre Laflamme, you go to put a scar
upon your own soul that will not wear
away forever!”

  Now Laflamme was really shaken,
because it was she pleading, and he
argued:

  “You do not know revenge, mam-
selle. Your heart is good, and no man
has done you wrong that cannot be
forgiven.”

  She drew a great breath, and laid
her hand upon his arm, hesitating be-
fore she spoke:

  “Papinaw Dupres kicked me with his
spiked boots, to make himself amused.
I am Celeste Dupres, his wife!”

  The words were in the ears of Pierre
many seconds before their meaning.
He shook himself and stared at her
stupidly. Then he seemed like to burst
with the rage that was in hirri.

  “He dies!”

  “No!” She was bending back his
arm with strong hands. “Listen to me,
Pierre Laflamme! How shall you
judge when God does not? Do you
think there is no strength in my arms
or courage in my heart that I could
not have sent a knife between his ribs?
I have stood over him with the point
almost in his flesh while he slept! Was
it not hard to hold back my hand ?
There is no love, nor anything in life
for me but waiting. I came here to
hide, and he found me. Now twice a
year he comes, and, when I will not
216

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

let him in, stands and curses with vile-
ness. I have known hate!”

  Before the splendor of this woman
Pierre Laflamme was awed. His wrath
ebbed slowly, and the hulk on the
ground became a thing for pity; a man
gone mad with sickness of the soul.
Pierre no longer had desire to feel his
fingers working into the corded throat
of Papinaw Dupres. He would go back
to Valeboro, scatheless of murder, and
there worship the memory of Celeste
Dupres until his bitter scar were eased
by death.

 “You—Celeste—I-” He strug-
gled in vain with words to speak these
things. Suddenly her fingers tightened
on his arm. Papinaw Dupres was sit-
ting up, a grin twisting his blood-
smeared face.

  “By gar, Celeste, you like those mans
from Valeboro, mebbe!” with an ugly
sneer. “You pay for this some time,
hey?”

  “You, Papinaw Dupres, go back to
Canada!” Laflamme was steady. It
was as though he spoke to a vicious
dog. “Also you stay there!”

  Dupres got -slowly to his feet, reeled,
and groaned at his weakness. Then he
hurled a stream of curses at the man
and woman watching. They heard in
silence until they saw him turn, shaking
his fist, toward Tunk Sosville’s place.
Pierre knew that now his time of
greater trial was at hand. He looked
at Celeste, standing straight and un-
afraid and doubly denied to him.

  “I must go,” he said, thinking aloud.

  “Yes.” But it seemed that there was
sadness in her voice as she agreed.
“First come and make yourself clean
—there is blood on your hands and
face.”

  Together they walked along the path
and came to the little white house, lying
like a haven of peace and rest. Celeste
had given it of her spirit, thought
Pierre Laflamme, desiring her with all
his strength. He followed into the

shining kitchen, and waited while she
filled the tin basin at the sink with
warm water. Pierre washed, and then
looked into the mirror in order to comb
his hair. He shuddered. The scar lay
white against his red-brown skin.

  On the threshold he paused. It might
be that this was his last look at Celeste
Dupres, and it racked him that he must
leave her with Papinaw still on the
island.

  “Celeste, what would you do if he
should come here to-night ?”

  She smiled bitterly.

  “He has come before now, as I told
you. The doors are locked always.
He dare not kill me—and, if he dare, I
am ready.”

  She pointed to the wall, and in the
shadows Pierre saw the black length of
a rifle. He felt better, knowing the
quality of her courage.

  “Adieu!” He drank in the goodness
of her, standing before him in the lamp-
light, with the tattered waist drawn
about her shoulders. The bare, scarred
arm, round and white, held his eyes.
“Adieu, Pierre Laflamme.”

  He went out, and set his face reso-
lutely toward the cliff. In a few mo-
ments he would be on board his sloop,

sailing to the south-

  A tiny shaft of fire streaked toward
him from the cliff edge. Wind fanned
his cheek, and the bark of a rifle was
in his ears. Pierre threw himself face
downward instinctively. Seconds went
by, and then the head and unmistakable
shoulders of Papinaw Dupres appeared
where the path began its descent. He
waited a moment before he advanced,
trailing his rifle, over the score of feet
that separated him from Laflamme. He
drew near cautiously.

  Pierre tensed his muscles to spring.
Then from the house behind him came
the voice of Celeste, low and steady and
determined:

  “Hold up your arms, Papinaw, or I
will kill you where you stand!”
THB <BITTE<R SCA<R

217

  In the same instant Pierre sprang.
Dupres leaped backward, zigzagging
from side to side to spoil the aim of
Celeste, and raised his gun. It was at
his shoulder when his foot stepped out
into empty air beyond the sharp brink
of the cliff. He flung the rifle high,
clutching at nothing, and plunged head-
first from sight. There was a rattle
of stones, and a thud came faintly up
from the lake shore.

  Pierre Laflamme went down the path
in jumps that sent an avalanche of dirt
and pebbles rolling before him. Be-
tween two bowlders he found a heap
that did not stir under his touch, and
a glance told him that what he could
not keep from hoping was true. Papi-
naw Dupres would trouble the world
no more.

  Up the path went Pierre with spring-
ing sinews, and yet with a weight upon

his heart. Celeste would be at; peace
now; but such a woman, could hardly
look at his face with love in her eyes.
It was soberly that he walked up to
her, framed in the doorway of her
cottage.

  “He is dead, Celeste.”

  The rifle that she held clattered to
the floor.

  “Dieu merci!" she breathed. “For
when you turned to go away to-night
I hated him again.”

 Joy surged in choking waves upon
Pierre as he understood.

  “In spite of this?" he cried, trem-
bling, as he pointed to his cheek.

  “It is the strong heart of Pierre La-
flamme that I look at,” answered Ce-
leste, with shining eyes. “There is no
bitter scar there.”

  He held her close to him, and the
world was filled with a song.

GOLDEN NOTES AND SILVERY BELLS

PHAMP CLARK, the speaker of the House of Representatives, was lament-
ing that the exponents of the real old-fashioned oratory of the South had
disappeared from the halls of Congress. He pointed out that only practical busi-
ness men and hard-headed lawyers were being sent to Washington by the South-
ern States.

    "The old school,” he said, “has left us, and, when it left, it took from us
a sample of language which we never enjoy now. There isn’t a man in Con-
gress who could get off a few sentences like those in a speech which I remember
Senator ‘Bob’ Ta3'lor, of Tennessee, once made.”

    He then repeated this extract from Taylor’s memorable effort:

    “I am from Tennessee, where the peach and cherry and every kind of berry
bends bough and bush, and shines like showered drops of rubies and of pearls.
I have seen heavens of delight where the linnet swept his lute and the thrush
rang his silver bells in the dusky chambers of the forest.

    “I saw June unbar her gate of roses in the sweet-scented morning, and come
forth from the pavilion of enamored Night, carrying in her girdle of light the
keys of a thousand heavens. I saw October open her gate of opals, and I
walked in the heaven of autumnal glory.

    “I saw the forest splashed with the tints of a thousand shattered rainbows,
and then I saw the veil of Indian summer, that mysterious phantom of the air
which conjures yellow sunlight into mystery and turns the world into a dream.”
Business Letters of a Cowboy

    By Robert V. Carr
    Author of “Love Letters of a Cowboy, ” Etc.

Dear miss kitty jimson:

As you know, when you come
back from the East, you picked
me out from the whole bunch
here to ride with you, and your paw
said it was O. K. Also, you called me
Ruff right along instead of Mister .Ruff
which a lady would do if she did not
care nothing for her esscort.

  Now I have been talking over our
case with a good friend of mine, Hank
Todd by name, and Hank says that you
being a heiress makes you scared to
speak your mind to a man as there are
so many who want to marry you for
your money. But I am not that soft-
soaping kind and you can see that this
is a business letter and not no soft soap.
This letter will give you a chance to
speak your mind without no soft-soap,
and I will say, if your paw would give
me a start, I would think it O. K. to
marry you. I am all business and do
not feed no girl taffy as the saying
goes.

 Hank Todd said—Elmer, talk
straight to her and give her a chance
to speak her mind. Women dast not
say what they think, Elmer, for that
is the way they is raised. You know,
Elmer, you are a good-looking scoun-
drel and no girl, let alone a heiress,
can keep from being gone on you. You
could not do better than marry Miss
Kitty as her paw is worth all kinds
of money, though, it is said, he stole
the most of it if not all. I know Mis-
ter Jimson would a heap rather have
his dorter marry a cow-puncher than
one of them rabbit-headed dudes from

down East. Tell her the facts, Elmer.
Be business right from the start.

 Then I said—But Hank, for why
does she always make me ride back of
her instead of up by her side?

  Hank then said—That is because she
dast not look at you for fear she will
show he.- feelings. That is a woman’s
way, Elmer. I have knowed many and
many a girl and they all act about the
same way when they are gone on a fel-
ler. They dont want to look at him
except maybe sideways out of the eyes.

  Then I said—But, Hank/ do you sup-
pose that it would make any diffrence
because she is educated and what little
I know I have got reading novels of a
rainy day?

  Hank then comes back—No, Elmer,
this here love knows nothing about ed-
ucation. Love is liable to break out
any place. Just you go ahead and
write her a letter and consider your-
self as good as engaged to her.

  I then said—But, Hank, I am al-
ready engaged to a granger girl over
on Little Thunder, and if I would go
back on Millie that paw of hern would
come after my scalp as he is a shooting
son-of-a-gun.

 Hank then said—Never you mind
about Millie. She is not your kind.
Her paw has got nothing, and all she
knows is to stand and giggle and twist
her handkerchief while Miss Kitty is
a lady and will bring you a wagonload
of coin and thousands of cattle.

  So I said—Well, Hank, that settles
it and I will write Miss Kitty and give
her a show to say what she thinks.
<BUSINESS LETTERS OF A COWBOY

219

While she is thinking I will consider
myself as good as engaged to her and
not go to see Millie next Sunday as I
was figgering on as I always give my
Sundays to Millie.

  Hank said—That is the checker, El-
mer. You got a good head on your
shoulders and are bound to be some-
thing above a dog of a cow-puncher.

 And I said—Now you have said
something, Hank.

  So you can think it over, Miss Kitty,
and if you feel backward about speak-
ing your mind to me personally you
can set down and write it all out on
paper. Yours Resp.

Elmer H. Ruff.

  P. S.—You might tell your paw that
we are as good as engaged, as that
would make it easy for me to tap him
for a little money to kind of get
squared up on before the wedding. I
got a few little bills I would like to
square up before I get married. You
can explain that to your paw better
than I can, as he is such a queer old
gobbler that he i§ liable to misunder-
stand and think I want to marry you
for his money.

  Miss Kitty Jimson: So that was
it? You claim that you wanted me to
ride with you as a flunkey because the
girls what ride in the parks in the East
have a hired man a-follering them to
help them on and off their horses. And
that was why your paw consented to
me riding with you? Well, I want
to tell you something, Miss Kitty Jim-
son, you have started a little deal that
will be hard for you and your paw to
finish.

  You forgot that I has some reputa-
tion in this country and that because
of me riding around with you all the
folks on the range was saying we would
get married, and now you claim you
thought no more of me than a hitching
post or words to that effect. You were
like the Englishman who thought a

cow-puncher was a cow-servant, but,
Miss Kitty, you have got another guess
a-coming.

  As far as you being engaged to that
feller in the East, and having no idear
of encouraging me, that does not go
with me for a minute. For why would
a woman ride around over the country
with a man unless she thought he was
about right? I am not like those East-
ern scrubs that think it all right for a
girl to ride around with a man who she
is not engaged to or married to. I got
some self-respeck, I have. And what
is more, I have writ a lawyer, Mister
Ketchem, and he will file soot against
you and your father for deceiving me
into telling around that you and me was
engaged when you was only using me
for a flunkey. So that was it, hey ?
That was why you always had me ride
back of you, hey? Well, it will cost
your old dad just about $100,000 to
square it, for a man has his rights as
well as a woman, and I do not know
how many times I have read where a
woman brings soot against a man for
breech of promise, and you will see
that it does not pay to deceive people.
I may look foolish, but you and your
paw will not think I am foolish when
I separate him from $100,000.

  As for you thinking you are above
me you do not want to forget that I
has as good blood in my vanes as ever
a Jimson had, and that on my mother’s
side my grandfather was a preacher
and on my father’s side an auctioneer
and was called Colonel fur and wide.

  I see where, and I say it without a
struggle that he is a idiot in some re-
specks, I see where Hank Todd does
not know straight up. We had some
words about the advice he give me and
he laughed and said—

  Why, Elmer, you poor gopher-headed
yap, did not you not know I was load-
ing you? That Miss Kitty does not
consider you good enough to dust off
her last year’s slippers which her maid
220

THE <POcPULAcR MAGAZINE

has wore and throwed away. I did not
think you took me serious as 1 sup-
posed you had some branes.

  Then I said—So you pertended to be
my friend while you was loading me
all along? For a nickle I would step
back and give you a slam in the jaw.

  Hank then got a nickle out of his
pocket and said—Here is your money.
Turn loose your slam, but, when you
do, boy, get ready for your funeral.
While you and me have been good
friends, there is something about you
that makes me want to see just about
how hard you would fall in case I
leaned my right into you.

  I then walked away and left him for
I consider that Hank Todd a liar, a
theef, and no more my friend than a
rattlesnake and not as much, for a rat-
tlesnake is a gentleman beside him and
always buzzes before he strikes.

  But what I said about tapping you
and your paw for $100,000 goes, and
you will see that it costs real money to
trifle with the affections of a honest
man. If you was a man I could tell
you some things that would do you a
lot of good, but as you are a woman
you can double-cross a man and he has
got to keep still.

  But I want to say you have got noth-
ing to make you swell-headed as your
paw got his start by branding mavericks
so young that their mothers was horn-
ing him in the back while he was brand-
ing them. And when you first come
to the country your paw was lucky to
have a clean shirt to put on and you
never had a shoe on your foot till you
was coming seven. Just where you got
any reason to think you are better than
me is more than I can see. You just
got a smooth finish and a bunch of
money, but when they take your money
away you are no diffrent from Millie
Jones and at least Millie don’t encour-
age a man and mean nothing, and I am
beginning to see that maybe I did not
give Millie a square deal. But when I

start in to do something I am a stayer,
and until I make your dad come
through with the money I will sure
hang and rattle. Yours Resp.

Elmer H. Ruff.

  Miss Kitty Jimson : You have sure
give me a good case now and my law-
yer will win jjiy soot against you and
your paw without no trouble, as along
with the breech of promise I have got
asault with a stake from a wood rack
with intent to kill and I would want
nothing better.

  You must have told your paw about
me as he come down to the bunkhouse.
I was just getting ready to leave any-
way but before I could say a word he
come at me like a gray-headed tornado.

  Before I could square back and tap
the old loonatick he had me out in the
lane. I recollect that he hit me twice,
once in the bunkhouse and once in the
nose, etc. When he got me out in the
lane he was using a stake from a wood
rack. I tried to tell him that the only
thing that saved him was that he was
on his own ground and that I knowed
he would have the best of it at law if
I would tap him on his own ground.
I just held my temper and it was not
long before I was quite a ways ahead
of him as he is a little short-winded.
I could have run him to death if I had
wanted to.

  Because I has some sentimental rec-
ollections for you regardless of how
you treated me, I did not poke your
paw. Had I poked him once my law-
yer would have had to clear me for
murder, and that is no joke. When I
land on a man with my weight behind
it there is nothing left to do but walk
around and view the remanes.

  All the time, your paw was working
me over with that wood rack stake,
he was bawling—

  Telling around that you was engaged
to my girl, you half-baked hoss-han-
dler, you! I would not let you 'sociate
BUSINESS LETTERS OF A COW<BOY

221

with no dog of mine if I had any re-
speck for the dog! Dont let me kill
you! Run, before I do murder!

  So as to not have no more trouble
I did as he asked. You can address
me General Delivery as I am not stop-
ping at no regular hotel at present.

               Yours Resp.

Elmer H. Ruff.

  P. S.—If you should think it over
and want to make up with me, I would
tell my lawyer to cut out the soot for
$100,000. In case you would change
your mind and get your paw bedded
down so he dont jump and strike so, I
would consent to marry you if he would
deed me the North ranch and give me
a start say with 3,000 twos and enough
cash money to go on. But if he will
not listen to reason, he can exspeck to
have to go down in his sock and drag
up that $100,000 as I need a little
change about now.

  Miss Kitty Jimson : Just to let you
know that I know that your little dude
friend you claim to be engaged to is
out to the home ranch and that you
are riding around with him and not
caring what people say about you be-
ing one of them vampires that rides
with a new man every day or so.

  You had better not let me see your
little rich friend or I am liable to bust
a dewdrop on his head or beat him to
death with a hummin bird’s feather.
Just because his paw is a millionaire
and owns a oatmeal factory is no sign
he can get away from me as he is fur
from home and not on his own ground.

  You better lock your little Clarance
boy up or something is liable to get him
of nights.

Yours Resp.

Elmer H. Ruff.

  P. S.—As I have not heard from
your paw concerning bis giving me a
start I am going to take it up with him
by mail this afternoon. But my lawyer

will bring soot for the money as stated
unless your paw listens to reason and
gets some of that foolish pride out of
his system. I hear he is telling around
that he would rather see you in your
grave than married to a drunken cow-
puncher like me. I suppose your paw,
your nice old paw, dont drink. For
thirty years he has never dared to go
to bed without a quart at hand and he
is parboiled in alcohawl. As for me
being a drinking man I can say that
I have gone as high as three months
on the range without touching licker
as we could not get it. But your paw
would come around with plenty of good
licker under his buckboard seat and do
you suppose he would offer a rider a
little drop of kindness. Nothing doing
with your paw, for he would not give
away nothing unless it was a clout 011
the head. And yet he goes around per-
tending that he is a regler human
being.

  Miss Kitty:' I have writ your paw
and he has consented to meet me in the
county seat and give me a start. So
that settles it. Your little Clarence boy
had better pack up his kimona and blow
back East for if ever I see him I am
liable to slap him to sleep with a ciga-
reet paper. Now that your paw has
agreed to give me a start I will have
my lawyer cut down my soot to say
$50,000 as I will need about that much
money to go on.

Yours Resp.

Elmer H. Ruff.

  P. S.—I got to thinking that maybe
it would be best for my lawyer to cut
down my soot to $25,000 as I need
some cash money now and could use
it to a advantage. You might kind of
feel around your paw as regards
amount of cash money I am to have
when I marry you. What I do not
understand is why you dont anser my
letters. It would not hurt you to cor-
respond backwards and forwards so
222

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

that we would understand each other.
Lets hear from you.

  Miss Kitty Jimson: As I said be-
fore I am a business man and believe
in laying all my cards on the board,
and it is no more than right that you
should know what kind of a deal your
paw and that very large financie of
yourn give me.

  In the first place your paw did not
give me the start I figgered on. He
met me at the county seat, and he had
your financie with him. He called
your financie Rollo. I once knowed a
newfoundland dog by the name of
Rollo, and your financie is made on the
same principil as a newfoundland dog,
only a newfoundland dog is not so
crool.

  You deceived me about your finan-
cie. I thought he was one of them sissy
dudes with a rich paw, but he is not
no sissy, for he is the biggest, hardest
critter I ever see stood up on two hoofs.
I suppose he is a pleasant sort, when
you come to know him, but I do not
care to get intimately a-quainted with
no such a critter.

  As I said your paw did not give me
no start of any kind. Had he give
me any kind of a start he would not
have caught me, and dont you forget it.
He got me before I could break into a
run as I would not have it said that
Elmer H. Ruff hit a old man. Of
course, if I had got away, and he took
after me and I run him to death, that
could not be held against me.

  Well, after your paw and me had a
little catch-as-catch-can exercise, he
turns to your financie, Rollo, and he
says—

  Rollo, what’s the matter of you tak-
ing this off my hands? I am getting
a little short-winded in my old age and
cannot romp around like I used to.

  Then Rollo said—Mister Jimson, is
this what has been annoying Katherine
with what he calls business letters?

  Mister Jimson, your paw, handed me
to Rollo, and said—

  That is It, and look It over, and,
when you are through with It, throw
It outside the city limits as there is a
law in this town against leaving such
as that a-laying around.

  Rollo then took me and placed my
head some way in the holler of his
arm and it was like I had my head in a
boot jack.

  Then your financie, Rollo, said—
Ever since I left college I have wanted
to examine the head of a cowboy, and,
by your leave, I will look yours over.
Fernologists tell us that by the bumps
on a man’s head you will know him.
I can see that your head needs polish-
ing off and smoothing down. Also,
your hair-line, Elmer, comes down too
fur on your forehead. I-will proceed
to push back that hair-line so that you
have a look of compar’tive intelligence.
After which I will polish the head.

  He then took the heel of his hand
and pushed my forehead back till I
could have kissed the back of my own
neck. Then he started in polishing my
head with his hand the same as a cham-
bermaid polishes a winder. I cant say
that I was thinking about anything
much, for your financie is a man that
takes up a feller’s mind as it were.

  But all the time I was working
around to get my gun, thinking to shoot
my way out of his loving embrace.
But, when he saw what I was after, he
took my gun and looked at it pleased-
like.

  He then said—Elmer, I did not think
you was a dope fiend, but how can I
doubt my eyes when here in my hand
is the siringe. I will have to give you
a shot in the arm, for I see that is what
you need.

  And I be dogged if he did not take
my sixshooter and hold it like a hiper-
dermick siringe and pertend to give me
a shot in the arm.

  He then said—I now see the cause
‘BUSINESS LETTERS OF A COWBOY

223

of you writing so many letters. You
arc a hop-headj for letter-writing is a
sure sign of hasheesh.

  I said—I have not had no hasheesh,
and what I write is just business.

  He then said—Go on. I love to hear
you talk. I never heard such a in-
spiring talker. I can feel my arm get
twice at strong when you talk.

  He then felt my head over again,
and tunked it like a grocery man does
a watermelon. He is a head feeler,
Rollo is, if a person dont care what
they say.

  Rollo then turned to your paw, and
said—Mister Jimson, shall I give It my
compliments just once, and your paw
nodded his head and said he was tired
of looking at me in a vertical position.
Rollo then placed me where he wanted,
and kissed me on the forehead like he
was saying good-by forever, which he
had my consent to do, and then some-
thing happened. I dreamed I run
against a wagon tongue in the dark.
And when I woke up who should I see
standing there but Mister Jones and
Millie, and Mister Jones had a 45—70
Sharpe’s and he was peevish about
something.

  Mister Jones said—What do you
mean by lying there in the weeds with
your toes turned up like a kangaroo?
And why have you not kept your prom-
ised word to my little Millie? Here,
for three Sundays hand-running, you
have not showed up at our place and
Millie had set at her winder and cried
herself sick. Do you not think I have
no pride, you scuff of creation? Do
you think I would con-sent to your call-
ing on my dorter and then back out at
the last moment? If that is what you
think, you got a good chance to do your
thinking as a corps.

  I then set up and said—Why, Mis-
ter Jones, how you do talk! I never
had no idear of going back- on Millie.
The reason I staid away was because
I had business on hands.

  And, Miss Kitty, if Mister Jones
ever asks you about it, please tell him
it was as I said—business on hands.
Although he is now my paw-in-law,
he is a proud old cuss and would just
as soon lay that old Sharpe’s across a
fence and blam loose at a son-in-law
as he would to down a maverick when
in need of beef or slow elk, as the say-
ing goes.

  Then Mister Jones said—Come now,
Elmer, my dorter says that she wants
you for a husband and I always aim
to humor my little girl. We will go
right to the preacher’s as soon as we
get a permit. But let me say, when you
become my son-in-law, you cant come
to my place and lay down and eat my
grub without making a showing that
you are worth it. I reequire that my
son-in-law get out and rustle, for I
would hate to have to pull down on
him in my own home and make Millie
a widder.

  He then turned to his dorter Millie,
and said—Millie, is this the man you
was mourning for? I cant say I ad-
mire your taste, but I am a indulgent
father and you shall have what I can
get you.

  Millie then said—Paw, with all his
faults, I love him still.

  We then formed up a procession and
they took me over to the preacher’s
and married me.

  Coming back we met your paw and
Rollo, your financie. Rollo was about
to feel my head again when I told him
I was married.

  He then shook my hand, and said—
Elmer, you are now safe from me. As
I am about to be married myself, I
could not work over the head of a fel-
ler married man. On second thought
I will give the bride a kiss, and he did.
Millie brightened up considerable, for
your financie seems to have a good
deal of experience in many things.

  Then I said to your paw—Mister
Jimson, you and me have had words
224

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

and I brought soot against you, but I
now take it all back as I am married
and at peace with all the world.

  Then your paw took out his check-
book and wrote a check out to Millie
as a wedding present, and he said—

  Missis Ruff, put that money in bank,
and dont let that worthless scrub of a
husband of yours have a cent of it.

  Then Rollo said—I will write a check
for the same figures you did, Mister
Jimson, and give it to the fair little
bride.

  And he did.

  All the time I was looking at Millie,
and it come fo me that she 'was about
right and that I had been a little fool-
ish to think that you and me could get
along.

  So I wish you well and everything
is O. K. as far as I am concerned.

  Only regret that I have is that when
I had him dead to rights that I did
not step back and swing on your paw
and drive his nose around so he could
use it for a collar button. But let
by-gones be by-gones I say. But the

next time you deceive a poor cowboy
into thinking that you care for him in-
stead of wanting him for a spotted dog
to run under the buggy, you want to
pick a diffrent man than
Yours truly,

Elmer H. Ruff.

  P. S.—You need not think there is
anything in these letters that can be
held against me in case you might think
to bring soot against me as I writ noth-
ing but business and cant be held re-
sponsible. Other men, as I read in the
papers, have writ letters to women and
been jerked up in court and made to
pay big money, but I never writ noth-
ing compromising for I know women
and their ways and am wise, and you
do not want to forget that as long as
you live, Miss Kitty Jimson. I now
see where Millie has you beat, and
was figgering all along on making Mil-
lie jealous over you. You thought you
was cute, but when you trifled with
Elmer H. Ruff, you got a hold of a deep
proposition, and I hope you commit that
to memory.

       Carr’s next contribution lets you into the feelings of a cowboy
       whose girl leaves the range to join a moving-picture outfit.
       Don’t miss “The Letters of a Cowboy to a Movie Queen.'* They
       are the funniest yet. If you haven't kept a complete set of
       these Cowboy Letters write for back numbers. They appeared in
       issues of September 7, September 20, November 7, and December 20.

   ALL ABOUT THE VEGETABLE KINGDOM

IN a recent issue of a Virginia paper there occurred the following interesting
    announcements under the headline, “Doings at Dooms”:

    Mr. and Mrs. Harry Weed, of White Hall, have been recent guests of Mr.
Weed’s parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jim Weed, in the Valley.

    Mr. Ernest Wood was a Charlottesville visitor last week.

    Mr. J. F. Wood and family have returned from a visit to Mr. Wood’s broth-
ers, J. W. Wood and John S. Wood, at Crozet.

    J. W. Ellison and a party of friends motored to Sugar Hollow recently, and
spent a day with friends.
I F you have ever been fortunate enough

*	to attend a Methodist watch-night
service, you will doubtless remember
the old hymn that begins: '‘Come, let

us anew our journey pursue--” This

number of the magazine finds us in the
same frame of mind :is the small hours
of New Year’s morning finds the good
Methodist. We are girding up our
loins, starting out on another clean page
of the history of The Popular, hoping
—and with reason, too—to make it the
best and most interesting page yet. It
seems a long time ago that the first
New Year’s number of The Popular
came out. The magazine was a good
deal smaller then, and we had little
idea of the big future it had before it.
We had the right idea, though. We
proved it. The Popular during the
past ten years has been steadily and
consistently the most successful fiction
magazine that we know of. It is going
to be still more successful in the fu-
ture. We have the same idea. Only
now it is bigger and means more, and
we have better means for putting it into
effect.

a a

"OVERY publisher says substantially
the same thing: “I am going to
publish the best fiction written.” But
words are peculiar things. They mean
different things to different people. It
is what the publisher means when he
says it that counts and makes the differ-
ence. To one it may mean a hunt for
prominent names among fiction writers.
To another it may mean a feverish ef-
fort to be timely at all costs, and to
reflect in his fiction every sudden flow
and eddy in the wind of public inter-

est. To a third it may represent a ruth-
less application of rules and academic
standards that will result in stories that
tell us nothing, written in the prose of
Addison or Matthew Arnold. We have
no such ideas. No matter who writes a
story, we don’t want it unless it is the
sort of a story you like. No matter
how timely a tale is, we don’t want it
unless it has some quality that would
make it interesting aside from its time-
liness. No matter how well a story is
written, it must be the sort of thing that
any one would listen to with interest if
it were told him, to get by with us.

9 a

\17HAT is it that makes a story good,
’ * anyway ? There are so many an-
swers to this that you will find whole
volumes of them on the shelves of al-
most any big library. We’ve talked
about it in the past, first from one angle
and then from another. Truth to life?
There are many books painstaking in
their fidelity that can only be read as
they were written—with great pains-
taking. Incident? There are yarns
packed with incident that make a noise
distantly resembling that of a good
story, but fail to hold or convince.
Plot? There are only a certain amount
of essential plots in all the fiction in the
world; and of three stories with the
same plot, one may be a stirring ad-
venture novel, a second a roaring farce,
and a third a dreary expanse of drivel.
Delineation of human character? That
comes a little closer to being the great-
est of the essentials, and yet there are
masterly analyses of character that have
found their way to the library shelves, it
is true, but are very seldom taken down
therefrom.
A CHAT WITH YOU—Continued.

THE great point is the method in
which the impression of character
is conveyed to us. Fabre, the French-
man, knew more and told more about
insects than any one. He did not ar-
rive at his knowledge by dissecting the
insects. He lay, face on elbows, over
an ant hill studying the little lives be-
neath him, their romances, their trag-
edies, their matings and partings, and
his scientific works are of transcendent
value because they are stories of inci-
dent. To get back to the Methodist at-
mosphere for a moment, we know the
character of David in the Bible about
as well as any character that has ever
been described. We are wont to say
that David was “intensely human.” He
was most human and inconsistent, both
good and bad. And yet nowhere does
the author of Chronicles or Kings tell
us so. He shows us David in action,
and lets us see and find out the sort of
man he was. These most widely read
books are stories of incident and action.
Shakespeare, next to the Bible, is most
universally read. Does he tell us any-
thing about Iago or try to analyze his
feelings ? Does he anywhere character-
ize Macbeth in so many words? He lets
them tell their own stories and act them
before us so that any one will soon
know one for the consummate scoun-
drel and the other for the ambitious
weakling.

  Hamlet is such a wonderful study of
human character that Goethe devoted a
great part of his greatest novel to its
discussion, and whole shelves of books
have been written about it, and yet the
play has incident and action enough to
furnish forth three or four of the most
lurid melodramas.

a a

HUMAN life is not still life, and it
is the peculiar privilege and great-
ness of fiction to show it in action.
That’s what we want to do in the fiction

we publish. Ferguson does it in the
big novel called “An frregular Game,”
which appears complete in the next
issue of Thk Popular. He does not
waste much time in describing the char-
acters of the two secret-service men
who lind themselves in the strange craft
among the shoal waters off Holland, but
we soon know all about them. The
author is content to introduce them to
us and then let them act and talk for
themselves. Victor Maxwell, in the
great detective story in the same issue,
shows us a remarkable woman criminal
and the man who pitted his brain against
hers. He doesn’t talk about them. He
tells us what they did. You learn far
more about Captain Slocum from what
he says and does than from anything
Stacpoole tells us about him in the
series of South Sea tales now running.
Character just by itself, incident just by
itself—neither of these is sufficient, and
each becomes a weariness alone. They
must be blended and united to make a
really satisfying story. Even this talk,
which we hope isn’t getting tiresome,
would be a thousand times more inter-
esting and understandable if we or
some one else could only put it in the
form of a short story.

a a

MINETEEN-SIXTEEN is going to

*	' be a big year for The Popular.
We are starting it well, and the maga-
zine will get better and better as it goes
on. It isn’t just that we want to make
it so, or plan to make it so. We see our
way clear to doing it. We’ll prove it
from month to month, and perhaps
within an issue or so we will discuss
some of our plans in greater detail. In
the meantime, the next issue is one of
the best yet. It is going to sell very
fast, and you can help us and the news
dealer and yourself as well by ordering
your copy in advance.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

No Money In Advance

Sensational Bargains

Seamless Brussels
Rug Bargain

 No. MK177. Magnifi-
 cent extra heavy seamless
 Brussels rug- in two sizes.
 Woven of selected yarns in
 a very attractive pattern.
 Colors: Tan. Red, Green
 and lirown harmoniously
 blended. Size 8 ft. 3 in. x
 10 ft. 6 in. Price. .$12.74
 9x12 feet	1 Per

$13.96 9 JL Month

Dresser Bargain

 No. MK180. Top of

  base 40 x 19 in. Frcnch bev-
  el plate mirror 24 x 20 in.,
  supported by strong stan-
  dards. Topof mirror frame
  has neat carving. 2 smal]
  extended drawers at top
  of base, two full length
  drawers below. A rare
  value at our price. $9.68

   This is an offer without an equal—a revela-
 tion of matchless liberality—the rarest mcney-
 saving opportunity ever opened to heme
 makers. We want you to Bee for yourself,
 without advance payment, that any cr.e of
 these is the grandest bargain ever before
 offered. Just pick out the bargain you want,
 write it down in coupon below, write ycur
 name and address and mail coupon to us. Ve
 will ship it to you promptly. If it is net exact-
 ly what you want, return it at the end of 30
 days at our freight expense both waya. If you
 are perfectly satisfied and decide to keep it,
 just pay for it in small monthly payments, -

   Only one of these items to each family can
 be sent at these amazing, heretofore unheard-
 of bargain terms. When you receive the Mam-
 moth Hartman Catalog you can order as much
 or ae little as you like all on easy credit terms.

Hartman Will Trust You

   Always keep this thought in mind: “HART-
 MAN WILL TRUST ME!" The Hartman Re-
 markable Credit Plan covers the nation like a
 network. From our tremendous organization
 in Chicago the Hartman lines of credit run
 straight and true tomorethan 1,500,000 typical
 homes-made happy by the help we lend.

   HARTMAN Credit is HEAL help. No quibble or
 question—no “red tape"—no interest to pay—no
 bothersome reference asked like others do—your
 every dealing with us is strictly confidential. Your
 credit is good with Hartman. USE IT! Trade with
 us for all your needs—and be SURE of satisfaction.

Wonderful Bargain
Catalog FREE

 Filled from cover to cover with thousands of wonder-
 ful bargains in Home Furnishings, all sold on the
 Hartman Liberal Credit Plan, backed by the $10,000,000
 Hartman Guarantee. GET THIS GREAT MONEY-
 SAVER. Wonderfully done in many colors showing
 articles exactly as they look. Furniture, Carpets, Sil-
 verware, Clocks, Draperies, Paints, Roofing, etc,

 —everything reeded in the home. We--

 will send it to you—FREE—whether you
 buy direct from this page of “get-ac-
 quainted” offers or not. Mail coupon or
 postal asking for CatalogNo. 85,

HARTMAN

 FURNITURE & CARPET CO..

 3941 Wentworth Ave., Chicago, III.

 Rocker Bargain

 No, MK176. Solid
 oak golden finish in
 choice design. Is up-
 holstered with imita-
 tion Spanish browa
 leather on scat and
 back. Seathas

Per Month 1

 tow and cot-
 ton. Front and
 back posts are
 h a ndsomely
 carved. Seat
 front plaited
 and back but-
 ton tufted.

 Strong posts
 and runners.

 A real bargain
 at.....$3.57.

  Solid Oak Dining Table Bargain

   No. MK181. Beautiful solid oak dining table
 in Golden Oak or fumed finish. 44 in. top, ex-
 tends to 6 ft.;4 in,
 rim; heavy oc-
 tagon pedestal
 fitted to 24 in.
 platform which
 rests upon 4 Colo-
 nial scroll legs. It
 excellently finished
 throughout. > This is
 an elegant dining table,
 one that will grace any
 dining room. A real
 bargain at our re-
 markably low price
 Of only.........$11.95

   75c Month
 “Wonder” Vacuum Sweeper

 Hartman’s 3-Piece Library Set Bargain

 No. MK1S2, Noiseless fibre bearings
 and bellows lifting rods, steel frame
 dust bag, wide opening dust pan.
 pressed steel top, four drive wheels
 on brush, 3 bellows and 12 in. nozzle.
 Wheels flanged to avoid tire trouble.
 Nickel trimmed; fully guaranteed. Has
 brush adjustment—operated by foot.

             This is a vacuum, sweeper
             that should be in every
             home. A woaderful bar-
             gain at this unheard-of
             price of

        only $3.97Montb
        5-Pleee, 2-Inch Post /

         Steel Bed Outfit

           No. MK14H. Elegant
           2 in. continuous pos
           steel h a with Jtf-in.
           fillers i n artistic de-
           sign, h ight head *
           end 62 in.; link

 fabric, steel frame bed spring; cotton
 top, fibre filled mattress and two 4%

 Ib. selected hen feather pillows 18x
 25 in. All sizes, 3 ft.; 3 ft. 6 in.

 4 ft. or 4 ft. 6 in., full size.

 Colors: White, Pea Green or
 Vernis Martin.^ Cm Per

Price $8.98

75c

Month

     No. MK184. Choice quality solid oak, fumed finish. Tabid
  top 36x24 in.; 2 roomy book ends. 7-in. connecting shelf. Panels
  at sides of book ends match panels on chairs. Chairs have
  heavy 2-in. front posts fitted to genuine quarter-sawed oak
  arms, 334 in. wide. Seats and backs upholstered with im-
  J itation Spanish leather over wood fibre and soft cotton
  A jute, heavy steel springs. Complete set......$12.65

Mail Coupon Now/

 Hartman Furniture and Carpet Co.,

3941 Wentworth Ave., Chicago, ML

  If only catalog is wanted place an X in this square O
  If you wish any bargain shown on this page, fill in blank,
  write name and address in this coupon and mail.

Send me article No..

 (Pill in oame and number)

^ * keep it I will pay t........per month until full

•MAlff amount is paid as per terms and price quoted.

City..................................State.....**.., 85 J|

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

MAY EDGINTON

        has written a new long story

“He That Is Without Sin”

        Ever since the novel “Happiness
        Ever After” came out in LIVE
        STORIES the demand for an-
        other long story from this author
        has been insistent; our readers
        have demanded it of us and we
        have tried to procure it from
        Miss Edginton. It has come and
        proves, in our opinion, to be
        worth the waiting—a story with
        characters so human and motives
        so big guiding their acts that we
        can call it without exaggeration
        the most absorbing story ever
        printed in LIVE STORIES. It
        will begin in the March
        number, out February eighth.

LIVE STORIES

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Here’s Your Spring Fashion Catalogue—It’s Free

If yon like to dress well;—and still save money on
your clothing, by all means sit down and write lor
our new Spring and Summer Catalogue No. 72R,
278 beautifully illustrated pages showing all the
fashion tendencies for the coming season. It affords
you a remarkable opportunity to buy stylish wear-
ing apparel at amazingly low prices, and shows
you just what is going to be worn in New Vork
by fashionable dressers this Spring. Drop us a
postal card saying “Send me Spring Fashion Cata-
logue No. 72R” and we will gladly send it FREE!

 35R29—DRESS
 $12-98

Be sure
to ask lor
Catalogue
No. 72R

 Write
 for this
 '■* '\\ beautiful
 Book
 Sr}\ \ today

We Pay All Mall or
Express Charges to
Your Town

                 35R30—DRESS
                 $14-98

BellasHess &_©

WASHINGTON, MORTON & BARROW STS.

NEW YORK CITY. N.Y

Two Wonderful
Spring Bargains

 QPID90”Here is a model of beau-
 Ocin6«7 tiful and up-to-date
 style, made of line all-silk Crepe
 do Chine combined with silk Geor-
 gette OhiH'on, The blouse is of
 (Jeorgette Chiffon over a lining of
 net and the skirt is of Crepe de
 Chine. Klouse is designed with
 new' military turnover collar of
 Taffeta Silk in contrasting color
 fared with (‘repo tie Chine. In the
 hack of blouse are two Crepe de
 Chine panels which extend over
 each shoulder in tront. as pictured
 The panels are exquisitely hand
 embroidered with dull gold tlnead
 giving1 a chic touch of color. The
 sleeves are shirred at the wrist and
 finished with flare cuffs of taffeta
 silk. The full gathered tunic, or
 over skirt, is hand embroidered in
 gold thread at each side, where
 there is a pocket. Tunic falls in
 graceful fulness over a lining to
 which the plaited lower part of skirt
 is attached- The dress fastens in-
 visibly in front and comes in Copen*
 hagon blue, rose, black or light
 "ray. Sizes 32 to 4fi bust, 37 to 44
 skirt length; also proportioned to fit

 m island small women, 32 to 38 bust,
 37 to 40 skirt length. Special Ad-
 vance Spring Price, mailor a ao
 express charges prepaid «pl£.*K>

 9CD9A—A Beautiful Dress of the
 Otinuu very newest style made
 of high grade Chiffon Taffeta Silk.
 ’The blouse of this stunning style is
 beautifully hand embroidered in
 vari-oolorod silk and gold threads.
 The waist is made over a lining of
 Japanese silk, has a ve^t of Geor-
 gette Crepe trimmed with small
 pearl buttons, :md Jong sleeves of
 silk Georgette ChilTon. A feature of
 the dress is the full houflante tunic
 draped in graceful fulness with folds
 each side. Lower part of skirt is at-
 tached to a lining of Japonka silk
 over which the tunic falls. Comes
 in black, navy blue. Copenhagen
 blue or rose. Sizes 3'2 to 40 bust, 37
 to 44 skirt length; also proportioned
 to fit misso' and small women, 3- to
 3S bust. 37 to 40 leni-tfi. Special
 Advance Spring Price* mail or
 express charges pre
 paid ...... .............

 $14.98

We Satisfy You or
Refund Your
Money

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Twenty Books Every
Man Should Read

Handsomely                     Bound In Paper                            
The Red Lottery Ticket,        .10c    The Ape and the Diamond,...   15c 
By Fortune Du Boisgobey              By Richard Marsh                    
Other People’s Money,.......   10c   Master of Men,...............   15c 
By Emile Gaboriau                       By E. Phillips Oppenlieim        
Treasure Island,.............. IOc   Ridgeway of Montana,.......     15c 
By Robert Louis Stevenson            By William MacLeod Raine            
Dead Man's Rock,...........    -10c  W. 0.2,.......................  15c 
By “Q-” (A. T. Quiller-Couch)        By Maurice Drake                    
The Iron Pirate,.............. 10c   Mr. Marx’s Secret,...........   15c 
By Max Pemberton                     By E- Phillips Oppenlieim           
The Last Days of Pompeii, • •. • iOc Cloak and Sword,............    15c 
By Sir Bulwer Lytton                 By Amedee Achard                    
Plain Tales From the Hills,..  10c   Buffalo Bill and the Wanderers, 15c 
By Rudyard Kipling                   By Howard W. Hrwin                  
She,.......................... 10c   Jim Dexter, Cattleman,          15c 
By II. Rider Haggard                 By William Wallace Cook             
The Frozen Pirate,...........  • 10c  The House Across the Street,   15c 
By W. Clark Russell                  By Nicholas Carter                  
The Three Musketeers,.......   . 10c The Angel of Death,..........   15c 
By Alexandre Dumas                   By Nicholas Carter                  
For sale by news dealers everywhere. If your dealer can’t supply

you, send to us.

We will prepay postage upon the set. If a selection of these titles
is made, add four cents per copy to cover postage.

STREET & SMITH, Publishers, NEW YORK

85 SEVENTH AVENUE

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

  “Instruction by
correspondence. & the
cheapest and Best wsy
for Hut poor

“Of course they’re right

99

lie often thought ifIcould
have hod the opportunity
oFa course in the I.C.S.
when a boy, it would have
saved me many a sleepless

m

You admit the International Correspondence Schools are a
good thing. You’d take a course right now “if”—“except”—

   “If” what? If you weren’t so “overworked,” with such “long hours,”
or had more strength and energy? Didn’t John Mitchell get his training
after working 12 hours a day as a mine boy ?

   Wasn’t it Edison who stayed up half the night to read every get-at-able
book on electricity ? Didn’t he educate himself in spite of every handicap
you could ever have? Spend as much time in I. C. S. study as you do in
reading the newspapers and you’ll get that promotion before you know it.

    All big men who have made their
mark in the world had the ambition
—the determination—to improve their
spare time, to train themselves for
big work. You, too, can possess
power, money and happiness if you’ll
only make the effort. The reward is
great—it’s worth it.

   Here’s all we ask: Merely mail
this coupon. Put it up to us without
paying or promising. Let us send you
the details of others’ success through
the I. C. S., and then decide. Mark
and mail this coupon now.

Wrife nearest Foreign Agency:

102 Escolta, Manila, P. I. 11K Nanking Road, Shanghai, China

 [7.
 i

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

Box E855 SCRANTON, PA.

 Explain, without further obligation on my part, how
 I can qualify for the position before which I mark X

rj

    i

   ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING
   Electric Lighting
   Electric Railways
   Electric Wiring
   Telephone Expert
   MECHANICAL engineering
   Mechanical Drafting
   Shop Practice
   Gas Engines
   CIVIL ENGINEERING
   Surveying and Mapping
   MINE FOREMAN AND SEPT.
   Metal Mining
   STATIONARY ENGINEERING
   Marine Engineering
   ARCHITECTURE
   Building Contractor
   Architectural Drafting
   Concrete Engineering
   Structural Engineering
   PLUMBING ANU HEATING
   Sheet Metal Worker

 LJs ALES MANSH1P

Name_

 ^ADVERTISING
  Window Trimming
  Show Card Writing

    Lettering and Sign Painting

  ILLUSTRATING

  DESIGNING

  BOOKKEEPING

   Stenography and Typewriting
   Higher Accounting
   Railway Accounting
   Commercial Law
   GOOD ENGLISH FOREVTONE
   Teachers Course
   English Branched
   CIVIL SERVICE
   Railway Mail Clerk
   AGRICULTURE
   POULTRY

   Textile Manufacturing

  I
  I

 | PresentOccupation_

 | Street and No.._

J City_!_

   Navipatioo
   Cbemlstrj

  —JaL’TO running

   Motor Boat Running;

  Spanish

ierman

Kren*h

  Jltaliao

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING

Agents & Help Wanted

 I	MADE 850,000 In five years with
a small mail order business; began
wlth$5. Send for free booklet. Tells
how. Heacock, Box 717, Lockport,
New York.

 MEN OF IDEAS and inventive
ability. New list of "Needed Inven-
tions,” “Patent Buyers,” and “How
toGetYour Patent and Your Money.”
Randolph & Co., Dept, 63. Wash., D. C.

 AGENTS—Make 830 to S60 weekly
selling our 300 candle power gasoline
table and hanging lamp for homes,
stores, halls, churches; no wick, no
chimneys, no mantel trouble; costs
lc per night; exclusive territory;
we loan you sample. Sunshine
Safety [amp Company, 92:5 Factory
Bldg.. Kansas City, Mo.

 AGENTS —STEADY INCOME.
Large manufacturer of Handkerchiefs
and Dress Goods, etc., wishes repre-
sentative in each locality. Factory
to consumer. Big profits, honest
goods. Credit given. Freeport Mfg.
Co.. 30 Main St., Brooklyn, N. Y.

 IF SALARY OP' 8100 PER MONTH
and commissions, with liberal
expenses interest you, Address
Dept. E, 2907 Indiana Ave., Chicago.

 MEN AND "WOMEN earn up to
83000.00 yearly distributing guaran-
teed hosiery from mill to wearer.
All or part time. Repeat orders in-
sure permanent increasing business.
No capital or experience needed.
Territory protected. K. Parker Mills,
2733 No, 12th St., Pliila., Pa.

 GOVERNMICNT positions pay big
money. Get prepared for “exams” by
former U. S. Civil Service Examiner.
Free booklet. Patterson Civil Service
School, Box Y, Rochester, N. Y.

 $25 weekly earned at home by Am-
bitious workers making Household
specialty. Whole or spare time. No
selling. Dept. .1, Sayres Co., Toledo, O.

  AGENTS—500<To profit; gold and sil-
ver sign letters for store and office
windows: anyone can put on; free
sample. Metallic Letter Co., 426 N.
Clark St.. Chicago.

 AGENTS — SOMETHING NEW —
FASTEST SELLERS and quickest re-
peaters on earth. Permanent, pro-
fitable business. Good for 850 to $75 a
week. Address American Products
Co., 3033 Third St., Cincinnati, O.

 FREE ILLUSTRATED BOOK tells
of about 300,000 protected positions in
IT. S. service. Thousands of vacancies
every year. There is a big chance
here for you, sure and generous pay,
lifetime employment. Just ask for
booklet C.S.ll. No obligation. Earl
Hopkins. Washington, D. C._

 WANTED—MEN—WOMEN, 18 or
over. 875 month. Government Jobs.
List positions free. Write. Frank-
lin Institute. Dept. EG, Rochester, N.Y.

 AGENTS: NEW INVENTION!—
Clothes washer—fits set tubs or any
tub. Won medal Panama Exposition,
Sells for $10; big profit. Large field.
Write for proposition. Home Devices
Corp. 253 Bush Term., Bklyn., N. Y.

 GOOD MONEY made at home knit-
tinghosiery. Machines furnished on
time. We buy or sell your goods. Easy
and constant work. Wheeler Co.,
Inc., Dept. 127, 357 Madison, Chicago,

Agents and Help Wanted —Continued.

 WORK FOR Uncle Sam. Heisthe
best employer. Big pay, sure work,
easy hours, long vacations, rapid ad-
vance. Thousands of jobs open this
year. I will help you get one. Write
for my big Free Book DY-23 today.—
Earl Hopkins. Washington, D. C.

 AGENTS—S60.00 a week. Travel by
automobile and introduce 300 candle
power coal oil Lantern. We furnish
auto. Write for particulars, Thomas
Co., 860 North St., Dayton, Ohio.

Advertising

 WILL SI IOW YOU by mail how you
earn 825 to StOG week writing adver-
tisements. Facts free. l’age-Davis
Co., 5. Chicago, 111.

Business Opportunities

 FREE FOR SIX MONTHS—My
Special offer to introduce my maga-
zine "Investing for Profit.” It ia
worth $10 a copy to anyone who has
been getting poorer while the rich,
richer. 11 demonstrates the real earn-
ing power of money and sho%vs how
anyone, no matter how poor, Can ac-
quire riches. Investing for Profit Is
the only progressive financial journal
published. It shows how 8100 grows
to $2,200. Write Now and I’ll send it
six months free. H. L. Barber, 407,
20 W. Jackson Blvd., Chicago.

 BUILD a 85,000 business in two
years. Let usstart you in the collec-
tion business. No capital needed: big
field. We teach secrets of collecting
money; refer business to you. Write
today for free pointers and new plan.
American Collection Service, 19State
Street, Detroit, Mich.

 INCREASE your Income during
spare time. Start a Mail Order Busi-
ness. We supply everything on easy
terms. Write for particulars. Nadico,
4308 Lincoln Av., Chicago.

Firearms Wanted

 FIREARMS—Old-time and Mod-
ern. Buy, sell, exchange all sorts.
Stephen Van Rensselaer, 49 Front
Street, New York City.

Games & Entertainment

 PLAYS, Vaudeville Sketches, Mon-
ologues. Dialogues. Speakers, Min-
strel Materia], Jokes. Recitations,
Tableaux, Drills. Entertainments,
Makeup goods. Large catalog free.
T. S. Denison & Co., Dept. 19 Chicago.

Motion Picture Plays

 WE ACCEPT Mss. In any form:
criticise free: sell on commission,
Big prices paid. Details free. Story
Rev. Co., 11 Main, Auburn, Pa,

 WANTED—New Ideas for Photo-
plays at S10 to $100 each. Your“happy
thoughts” worth cash. Get free book.
Elbert Moore, Box 772 S12, Chicago.

 WRITE Photoplays, Stories, Poems:
S100 each: no correspondence course:
start writing & selling at once, details
free. Atlas Pub. Co., 313, Cincinnati.

Old Coinsf Etc.

 S4.2& EACH paid for 17. S. Flying
Eagle Cents dated 1856. Keep all
money dated before 1895, and send 10c
at once for New Illustrated Coin
Value Book size 4x7. It may mean
your fortune, CJarke & Co., Coin
Dealers, Box 9G, Le Roy, N. Y.

Music and Song Poems

 SONG poems wanted for publica-
tion. Past experience unnecessary.
Our proposition positively unequal-
ed. Send us your song poems or mel-
odies today or write for Instructive
booklet—it's free. Marks-Goidsmith
Co., Dept. 15, Washington, 1). C.

Patents and Lawyers

 IDEAS "WANTED—Manufacturers
are writing for patents procured
through me. Three books with list
hundreds of inventions wanted sent
free. I help you market your inven-
tion. Advice free. R. B. Owen, 39
Owen Bldg., Washington, D. C.

 PATENTS, TRADE-MARKS. Send
for my free book "How To Get Them.”
It’s full of Information you should
know. Joshua R. H. Potts, 8 S. Dear-
born St., Chicago, 929 Chestnut St.,
Philadelphia, 805 G .St., Washington.

 PATENTS SECURED OI! FEE
returned. Send sketch for free report
as to patentability. Guide Book
and What to Invent, with valuable
List of Inventions Wanted, sent free.
One Million Dollars olfered for one
Invention. Patents secured by us
advertised free In World's Progress,
sample free. Victor .1. Evans & Co.,
707 Ninth Street, Washington, D. C.

 PATENT Your Ideas-$9,000 offered
for certain inventions. Books. “How
to Obtain a Patent” and “What to
Invent,” sent free. Send rough sketch
for free report as to patentability.
Manufacturers constantly writing
us for patents we have obtained.
We advertise your patent for sale
at our expense. Established 20
years. Address Chandlee* Chandlee,
patent attorneys, 971 F street,
Washington, I). C.

 PATENTS Secured Through Credit
System. Free search. Send sketch.
Book and advice Free. Waters it Co.,
4307 Warder Bldg., Washington, D, C,

Short Story Writing

 MAKE MONEY wrltinp stories or
articles. Big pay. Send for free
booklet, tells how. Address United
Press Syndicate, P. M. San Francisco,

Typewriters

 TYPEWRITERS all makes, factory
rebuilt by the famous “Young Proc-
ess:” guaranteed like new. Big busi-
ness permits lowest prices: 810 and up;
machines rented; or sold on time.
Rental to apply on purchase price.
Satisfaction guaranteed or money
back. Write for catalog. Young
Typewriter Co., Dept. 374, Chicago.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
    The readers of the magazine may write to this department about any problem of dress.
Every question will be promptly answered, provided that a stamped, self-addressed
envelope is enclosed.

\\7E are living in the United States
* * of Hustle. Between the hammer
of the automobile and the anvil of the
moving picture “the line art of leisure”
—with pipe, book, and log fire—seems
in a fair way to be crushed. Jumpy as
a grasshopper, we are ‘‘always on the
go.” It is as characteristically Ameri-
can as ice water, Pullman sleepers, and
ward politics.

 To the mind which plumbs the
depths, instead of the shallows, there’s
music in the bawl of
the rowdy minds
outside, while you
.'■prawl right and
tight inside,
wrapped in a cozy
dressing gown,
steepling fingers and
“building castles” in
Havana or Virginia,
as the smoke floats
ceilingward.

  It is a bromidiom
to say that “they do
such things so much
better abroad,” but
those older and
staider civilizations
certainly know how7
to dawdle, doze, and
dream, and “loung-
ing” almost rises to
the solemnity of a
religious rite among
the best-turned-out
men overseas, until
they exchanged
comforts for khaki
and trenches.

  Quite naturally, the growth of wealth
and taste in our own country among
all classes has brought with it a great
increase of luxury in men’s dress. We
are more fastidious, because we are
more observant. Any new fashion
spreads like fire among timber. The
day when a style could be kept “exclu-
sive” among a narrow coterie has
passed. This is just as noticeable
among the clothes worn indoors as out.

  Present-day house gowns, room
robes, and “apart-
ment suits” — for
city dwellers — are
very smart gar-
ments, tailored with
all the care and
finesse of the most
pretentious evening
coat.

  Among the fab-
rics most used are
velvets, vicunas,
corduroys, blanket-
ings, camel’s hairs,
soft woolens, surah
and pongee silks.

 House clothes
may be simple or or-
nate, according to
personal taste,
though studied elab-
orateness hints dis-
agreeably of effemi-
nacy. The spirit of
the day is so dis-
tinctly virile that it
frovyns upon any at-
tempt to ape the
women.

Brightly Colored Mvfflers are again in Fashion.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

iDown

 FREE
 TRIAL

    Under our easy payment plan, you can quickly own a hand-
    some Burrowes Billiard and PooJ Table. No special room is
    needed the Table can be mounted on dining or library table or
    onits own legs or stand, and quickly set aside when not in use.

BURROWES

Billiard and Pool Tabtes

are superbly built, ant* adapted, to the most scien-
tific play. Great experts say that the Burrowes Regis
High-Speed Rubber Cushions are the best made

     Prices are from $1 5 up, on easy terms of $1 or more down and a I
small amount each month. Sizes of Tables range up to 4)4*9 ft* [
(standard). Balls, cues, and full playing equipment free.

    IVo Red Tnpe — On receipt of first installment we will
    ship Table. Pt.iy i>n it one week. If unsntinfactory return it,
    an,I on its receipt -we will refund vour deposit. This insures
    you a free trial. Write for catalog	prices, terms, etc.

THE E. T. BURROWES CO., 116 SpringSL, Portland, Me. I

Mfrs. Burrowes Rustless Screens* Cedar Chests, Folding Cnrd Tables I

TRIAL SIZE

jVonJ

CENTS

BROWN’S

Bronchial

TROCHES

The finest oouph remedy in the handiest package.
Not a candy—contain no opiates.

Test them NOW—Ask your Druggist for the

New 10c TEt Box

Other sizes 25e, 50c and $1.00

           If your dealer cannot supply you, we will
           mail any size upon receipt of the price.

JOHN I. BROWN & SON, Dept. 56 Boston, Mass.

  On the other hand, there are a num-
ber of really smart and becoming in-
door clothes that a man may wear
a-lounging, shaving, breakfasting, in
illness and so.on.

  Aside from the greater comfort of
room robes, they save one’s clothes to

a degree that makes them almost indis-
pensable. Any man who has experi-
enced the grateful relief of putting off
the stiff garments of conventionality
for a lounge gown of some soft stuff
will be loath to forego the companion-
ship.

  Many men take pardonable pride in
their room suits or dressing gowns as
an expression of individuality, not
alone in fabric, but in the coat and fit.
as well. To be sure, such garments

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Will it be You?

 One ofyfi&mJseve,
 wilVb

    One of these seven will be killed or hurt this year.

   That is what accident does each year. When the ac-
cident is coming’, or how, you cannot tell. It may be only
a scratch from a rusty nail, or it may be a wrecked train.

   But when it does come, what will you do? What will
your wife do? Be prepared—

>ETNA- IZE

   3 cents a day is all it need cost you if you are in a “ Preferred’'
 occupation. 3 cents a day brings $1,250 to $3,250 in case of death
 by accident; $5 to $10 weekly income for disability due to accidental
 injuries plus $1,000 to $3,000 for loss of two limbs or eyes; or the
 income plus $500 to $1,500 for loss of one hand, foot or eye, or $250
 for death from any cause. You can make these amounts as much
 bigger as you like by paying more than three cents daily. ($50
 added to above payments for death if you insure while
 under 40 years of age.)

            Send the coupon now and be safe in time.

               Send this coupon and find out how to protect yourself,
            your wife and your children from the accident thatlurks
            around the corner; from the expense that may use up
            your income. It costs you nothing to send it and it may
            be the most important thing you ever did in your life.
            Send it today.

MTNA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

          Drawer 1341 HARTFORD, CONN.

The largest company in the world writing Life,

Accident, Health and Liability Insurance*

               Agency opportunities for all

r . ■'' °*f^

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

$OaBox

D U R O Skirts Wear Like Iron

Specializing on this box makes possible this offer
of 3 DURO Guaranteed Shirts sent prepaid
by parcel post on receipt of $2 bill. Money
back if not pleased. Handsome silk tie
included for name and address of S friends.

This is the highest selling- ami most famous box of shirts in the
world—Advertised, in ‘>0 leading: magazines. The only shirts
guaranteed not to shrink, fade or rip in six months or new
shirks free. Slade of flue white percale with neat stripes of
blue, black and lavender. One shirt of each color to the box.
Cut in the popular coat style, cud's attached, hand laundered and
very fashionable. Standard sizes, 14 to 17. Ties are stylish
wide end silk poplin four-in-hands —navy blue, black or laven-
der. Take your choice. It's a wonderful box for the money and
well worth a trial. Order today. Highest Hank References.
Catalog* of shirts of all kinds, neckwear. hosiery, handkerchiefs*
underwear, pajamas and nightshirts ill every box,

G00DELL & CO., Room 100, 158 E. 34th Street, New York

Largest Mail Order Shirt House in the World.

iCA A Month

              masfpN

2%^^^ The master-
piece of watch
manufacture—adjusted to
tlie second, positions, tem-
perature and isochronism. Encased
at the factory into your choice of
the exquisite new watch cases.

19 Jewel

An. _ Burlington

All sizes for both

men and women. The grent Burlington Watch sent on
simple request. Pay at the rate of $2.50 a month. You get the
watch at the same price even the wholesale jeweler must pay.

Write Today for Free Watch Book

cnlor illustrations

of all the newest design a In watches that you have, to choose from. Your
name and address on a postcard ia enough. Get this otier while it lasts.

 BUSH CAR FREE

6-Pass., 32 H.P. “

Delco
Electric
Starter
and
Lights

AND AGENCY FOR YOUR TERRITORY

82 Horsepower—lia Wheelbase—Weston-Mott Full-Float-
ing Kear Axle — Demountable Kims — Hyatt Bearings
— 33 x 4 Tires —Delco Starting and Lighting System-
Extra Rim — One-man Top —Complete Equipment.

FREE CAR AND AGENCY

    Yes! you can get this car and the agency FREE. Get
    ready for big 1916 business. 1916 models now ready for
    delivery. Tnere is big money made selling Bush Cars.
    Get your territory now. Address a card for particulars
    at once, to me personally. J. H. BUSH, president.
    Write today* Department O

Bush Motor College, Inc.

    Bush Building, N. Clark and Chicago Avenue, Chicago, Ilk

should be freer in fit than an outdoor
suit, but nevertheless they should fit
and look as though made for the
wearer.

  Dressing gowns are cut much like an
overcoat, being shaped at the waist and
full and flowing of skirt. They have
shawl collars, silk cord girdles, turn-
back cuffs, and, if you like, a mono-
gram may be embroidered on the breast
pocket.

  Considering the mingled usefulness
and fitness of house clothes they de-
serve to be more generally worn. While
one may go as high as one pleases in
price, there are many inexpensive gar-
ments for the man who has to count
cost, and cannot let his taste outrun his
means.

  Hunting is no end of a strain, be it
for bird or bear. It sets nerves, as well
as fingers, on trigger. The snap of a
twig or the lurch of a stone may betray
you. So the grizzled veteran peels
down to “the irreducible minimum.”
The less he has on his body, the less he
has on his mind.

  Time was when we looked across to
England for our hunt clothes, but the
spread of sport in this country, brack-
eted with American quick-wittedness,
is putting us in the forefront as de-
signers of the best special-type gar-
ments befitting each purpose.

  English sport clothes, though of ex-
cellent material and make, are prone to
be heavy and clumsy, while lightness
and freedom of arm and aim are all-
important in hunt garments.

  A new hunt jacket unites the most
warmth with the least weight. The
body is cheviot, with a knitted neck,
that buttons up right and tight, and
knitted wrists. The sleeves and lining
are soft ooze leather, and the outside
pockets are leather piped.

 This combination of wool with
leather makes an admirable jacket for
every sort of hunt, from sniping to
stalking deer in the open season.

Beaunash.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Hen Vented

45^100

A Week

                   ,-.—r 7 This is

                     / your great
                     opportunity to
                     .qualify for a big po-
                     sition of importance. Right
                     now thousands of large ship-
                     pers and all railroads need Traffic ’
                     Experts and Managers.

  Become a Traffic Man

  Recently enacted railroad and Interstate Commerce
  L regulations necessitate trained Traffic specialists. The
  I need 13 greater than the supply. You can quickly

  T qualify for one of these important positions, no matter what
  I your work is now. We make it easy. Wo train you by mail
  I at homo in spare time. (Payments to suit you).

 • U/DITF now for, ‘10 Years' Promotion in One*'—
 m big possibilities now open and proof that
 NOW is time to start. Send no money—everything free.

LaSalle Extension Univeriity, Dept. C-296 Chicago

“DON’T SHOUT”

              1 hear you* I can hear now as well
              A as anybody. ‘How?’ Wilh
              A the MORLEY PHONE. l*ve
              a pair in my ears now. bul they
              are invisible. I would not know .
              had them in, myself, only lhat i heai
              all risht.

                        “The Morley Phone for the

        DEAF

                                is to the ears what glasses
      are to the eyes. Invisible,
      comfortable. Weightless and
      harmless. Anyone can adjust
      Over one hundred thousand sold. Write for booklet and testimonials.

THE MORLEY CO.,

 Dept. 758, Perry Bldg.,

 Philadelphia.

Be a DOCTOR of
CHIROPRACTIC

$75 TO $100 WEEKLY ,

 The need now for Doctors of Chiropractic istremen--
 dous—your opportunities are enormous. The public 4
 is awake,to the wonderful advantages of Chiropractic (drag*
 less healing). The possibilities to earn 810,000 a year or more '
 are here. There’s room for you—the field is wide open.

 I pnrn at Hnmo in spare time. Noex-

 IbVnI II dI 11 VlllC penence , necessary—___

 anyone can easily tearn by our complete simplified, illustrated couree and
 complete sot of free charts, in life-like colors.	— M

5 Lesson Sections FREE! without coat

 to you—greatest offer ever made. Write now for free facta.

Illustrated Book Free

 Diseases and Chiropractic treatment, what you need to know to become suc-
 cessful in this dignified, prosperous profession. Write for bi<? free offer.

 American Univertity, Dept. 485_162 N. Dearborn St., Chicago

Don’t Wear a Truss

                   i ROOKS’ APPLIANCE, the
modern scientific inven-
tion, the wonderful new dis-
fcovery that relieves rupture
Swill be sent on trial. Noob-
r noxious springs or pads. Has
automatic Air Cushions. Binds
and draws the broken parts to-
gether as you would a broken
limb. No salves. No lies.
Durable, cheap. Sent on trial
to prove it. Pat. Sept. 10, ’01.
Catalogue and measure blanks
mailed, free. Send name and address today.
C. E. BROOKS, 1759 B State Street, Marshall, Mich.

 Imported

Drawinglnstraments

 Free!!

 "V/^ES, I will give you this exquisite set
 * of imported drawing instruments abso-
 lutely free and I will give you a 20x25 inch drawing
 board, a 24-inch T square, a 12-inch rule, a supply of
 drawing paper, 2 triangles and a French curve, pencils,
 erasers, thumb tacks, etc. The instruments come in a
 superb plush lined leather case—they are genuine work-
 ing instruments and I don’t think you could duplicate
 this outfit for less than $15. But ! give it away abso-
 lutely free to the men who get my personal instruction.

Be a Draftsman!

. Draw $125 to $175 Per Month

 There is an urgent demand for skilled drafts-
 men. Companies are issuing calls every day for men
 to fill positions paying from §125.00 to$l 75.00 per month.
 I will give you just the training you need to hold one
 of these big jobs—right in your own borne. Write now.

Chief Draftsman

Will Instruct You Personally

 1 am Chief Draftsman of a large and well known
 firm. I have been doing the highest paying expert

   drafting work for a quarter
   of a century and 1 know
   just the kind of training
   that is demanded from
   men who get the big sal-
   aries. During my epare
   time I will train a few
   ambitious men to hold big
   jobs, while they remain
   in their own homes. You
   will get actual work to
   do — practical instruction
   until you consider your-
   self competent re-
   gardless of how A
   longittakes. Write jpr
   today—now—act
   at once.	4^

 Pay As
 You Wish

 I want ambi-
 tious men.
 Don’t worry
 about the
 small charge
 I make formy
 i nstruction.
 Write today.

Chief
Draftsman Dobe

 Send the Coupon ytl EnEin.e,e1r’s !?Iu'pn,cnt c®.

for Bier New Kook Dlv*	Chicago, IlL

for Big New Book

 Send this coupon or a let-

                               Without any obligations on me
 .	, .	whatsoever, please mail your book

 ter or a post card and "Successful Draftsmanship" and
 get my new book. No ^ full particulars of your liberal **Per-
 obligations.Actuow. + sonal Instruction** offer to a few stu-

✓

  Chief Draftsman

Dobe jr

  Engineer’s

  Equipment

Co.. Inc.	Nam0.

   Div.1142

   Chicago,

  HI. .♦

Addren

  dents. It is understood that I am Obti*
  gated in no way whatever.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

ft

m

 ii*

 Plain or Cork Tip. Made of Selected
 Pure Turkish Tobacco, with a dis-
 tinctive blend which is appreciated by
 smokers of discrimination and taste.
 50 Bud Cigarettes securely packed in
 Mahogany Wood Boxes, with Brass
 Hinges and Spring Catch. Send us
 $1.00 for box of 50. Sent postpaid to
 any address. You’ll be glad to smoke
 ’em. The Bud Cigarette Company,
 2 Rector Street, New York City.

WOULD YOU

  show this standard high grade
  42 key fully visible typewriter to

 your friends and let them see
 wherein it excels any other $100
 typewriter, if by doing this and
 rendering other small assis-
 tance, you could easily have one
 Uivcn.lUU to ]tcep as your own? Then by post card
 or letter to us simply say, “Mail Particulars.’’'’
 WOODSTOCK TYPEWRITER CO., Dept. J244 Chicago, III.

W rinkles

                   Thousands liave successfully used this for-
                   mula to remove traces of aj^e,
                   illness or worry: 1 oz. of pure

    Powdered
    SAXOLITE

          dissolved iu pt. witch hazel; use as a
          face wash. The effect is iilmost magical.

 Deepest wrinkles, crow’s feet, as well as finest lines,
 completely and quickly vanish. Face becomes firm, smooth,
 fresli, iitui you look years younger. No harm to tenderest
 slcin. Get genuine Saxolite (powdered) at any drug- store.

Rupture1■■KsftXss;

                                 Co Away With Steel end Rubber Bands that chafe
                                 and pinch. Stuart’s PUPAO-PADS are differ-
                                 ent from truss, being medicine appli-
                                 cators, made self-adhesive to prevent
                                 slipping; No “digging in” or grinding
                                 pressure. No straps, buckles or
                                 springs attached. Sofl as Velvet—Easy t9
                                 Apply — Inexpensive* Hundreds of sworn
                                 testimonials from those cured.

                                   Awarded 6old Medal end Grand Prix. Write
                                 today for Trial Plapao and illustrated
                                 book, absolutely FREE. Nothing to
                                 payt nothing to return. PLAPAO
                                 CO., Block 247 S<* Loult, Mo.

AL OF PLAPAO

THE BEST BUSINESS CARD

 for your use and for any man’s use wlio desires the distinction
 of attention to little tiling's if the lYerless Patent Book Form
 Card. It will get close and careful scrutiny, and that means an
 audicnce with most favorable attitude of mind
 from your prospect.	QUR SMART

 PEERLESS PATENT CARDS1N CASE
 Book Form Cards

 not only save fifty per
 cent, of your cards but
 they are always together
 and get-at-able when you
 want to hand one out.

 They are always clean,
 perfectly flat and every
 edfcre is smooth and per-
 fect. Send for a sample
 and detach the cards one by one and see for yourself. Send today.

 THE JOHN B. WIGGINS COMPANY, Sole Manufacturers
 Engravers, Die Embossers, Plate Printers
 65-67 East Adams Street	CHICAGO

 “BATH HOUSE 23” “KEEP OUT”

    Our Latest Novelty

 Rath house in wood! veneer with
 swinging door and brass fas-
 tener; size 5x8 inches; with the door
 open you see a beautiful hand
 colored picture of an Ostend bath-
 ing girl. Comes boxed, prepaid for
 25c to introduce our new catalog of
 Pictures for The Den. “all win-
 ners!” Catalog alone 10c. Stamps
 accepted.

    CELEBRITY ART CO.

23 Columbus Ave., Boston. Mass. _

:: POCKET EDITIONS ::

USEFCI, SUBJECTS 10c. EACH

 Sheldon’s Letter Writer: Guide to Etiquette; Physical
 Health Culture: Prank Merrlwell’s Book of Physical
 Development; National Dream Hook: Zingara Fortune
 Teller: The Art of Boxing and Self-defense; The Key to
 Hypnotism.

 Street & Smith, Publishers, 79-89 Seventh Ave., New York

GET RID
OF THAT

FAT

 State

    FREE TRIAL TREATMENT

          Sent on request. Ask for my pay when reduced
        offer. My treatment has reduced at the rate of a pound
        a day. No dieting, no exercise, absolutely safe and
        sure method. Let me send you proof at my expanse.
        OR, ff. A/EWJVfAN, Licensed Physicianf
        New York, 36 E. Third Street, New York. Desk 430

THE NEVADA MINING NEWS

 Issued bi-weekly and edited by expert mining writers, gives
 all the news all the time of all tho mines in Nevada, and now
 an<l then points out some remarkable money making oppor-
 tunities. This publication will be mailed to you for three
 months ABSOLUTELY FREE UPON REQUEST* Write for
 It today and ask for any special information you may desire
 regarding any mine in Nevada.

NEVADA MINING NEWS

420 Clay Peters Bldg._Reno, Nevada

    YOU CAN MAKE CIGARETTES LIKE THESE
    A Practical Novelty for Cigarette Smokers

TURKO CIGARETTE ROLLER

Sent postpaid for 25 cts. Address,

Turko Roller Co., Box 38, Station H, New York City

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

RIEGER’S MONOGRAM

WHISKEY

                           Purity and
 agre g- u a r -
 antee Good
 Whiskey.
 R i e g- e r * s
 Monogram is absolutely pur© and whole-
 some. Guaranteed by us under the Pure
 Food Laws. Its exquisite, smooth, mellow
 flavor lwis made it a lasting' favorite with
 over 250,000 satisfied customers. Why pay
 exhorbitant prices, when you can buy Rie-
 grer’s Monogram Whiskey at the regular
 wholesale di-aler’s price, and save money
 by ordering your eoods shipped direct.

    WE PREPAY ALL
    EXPRESS CHARCES

          8Qts. Rieger’s Monogram Iff .00
              PRIVATE STOCK 9

         4Qts. Rieger’s Moaogram $0.00
              EXTRA FINE O

FREE WITH EACH ORDER

Two sample bellies of Rligtr'i
Fins Monogram Whiskey. Cold
Tlppod Whiskey Class and
Patent Corkscrew.

  Send as an order and when you get the
  Whiskey, test it for flavor, smoothneaa
  and all the essentials of GOOD
  WHISKEY. Compare it with other
  Whiskiea (no matter what the price);
  test it for medicinal purpoaeB; let your
  friends try It; use hair of it if necessary
  to aatisfy yourself on theae points—then
  if vou are not thoroughly convinced that
  Rietrer’s Monojcram’* IB as good or bet-
  ter than any Whiskey you ever drank,
  return the balance to us and we will pay
  return charges and at once send you
  every cent of your nvmey.

J. RIECER& CO. n

 1503 Genesee St.Kansas ClIy.Mo. fjl

«=ii==ii= ing=fll

Typewriters

—All Makes, Factory Rebuilt by the famous
•‘Young’ process;” guaranteed like new.
Our big business permits lowest prices—$10
And ui>; machines rented—or snld on tin e.
Satisfaction guaranteed or money bai_k
Rentals apply on purchase price.

            Write for Catalog
YOUNG TYPEWRITER COMPANY
Oept. 458	CHICAGO

MAKE YOUR HAIR BEAUTIFULLY CURLY
AND WAVY OVER NIGHT IKEE

way and you’ll never again use the ruinous heated
Iron. I’he curliness will appear altogether natural.

Linuid SilniPl*in<> ,s applied at night
'*UIU diniiame with a clean tooth

brush. Is neither sticky nor greasy. Serves also
as a splendid dressing lor the hair. Directions
accompany bottle. Sold by druggists everywhere.

 Send for 116-page Jewelry Catalog containing over 2000

 beautiful illustrations of Diamonds, WatchesfSilverware,etc. Make
 a selection either for yourself or as a gift for a friend or loved one.
 We will send the article for your examination, all charges pre-
 paid by us. You assume no risk; you are under no obligation.

    You Don’t Pay a Cent until you see and examine the article.
 If perfectly satisfied pay one-fifth of the purchase price and the
 balance in eight equal monthly payments. If not entirely satisfied,
 return at our expense. Whether you buy or not, get Our Catalog.
 It is an education in Diamond and Jewelry values and easy credit
 buying. Send for catalog today—before you forget. It is FREE.

 LOFTIS BROS. S CO., The National Credit Jewelers

 Dept. K845 » IOO to 108 N. State Street, Chicago, Illinois

 (Established 1858) Stores in: Chicago Pittsburgh St. Louis Omaha

Now

Hear^S

Clearly” '

You, Too, Can Hear!

 Inasmuch as 200,000 users of the "ACOUSTICON* * have
 had the same resu Its from it aB Mr. Garrett Brown, whose
 photo appears above, we feel perfectly safe in urging
 everydeaf person, without a pennyof expense, solely and
 entirely at our riek, to accept a thorough trial of the

1916 Acousticon

No FREE "°

Deposit

Expense

All you need to do Is to write saying that you are deaf and
will try the “ ACOUSTICON.*" The trial will not cost you one
cent, for we even pay delivery charges.

W&PMINft V There Is no good reason why everyone should
itmhwiiiu * not make as liberal a trial offer as we do. so

^	. do not send money for any instrument for the

 deaf until you have tried it.

The ** ACOUSTICON ” has Improvements and patented fea-
tures which cannot be duplicated, so no matter what you have
tried in the past, send for your free trial of the*4 ACOUSTICON'*
ioday and convince yourself—you alone to decide. Address

liENERAL ACOUSTIC CO., 1324 Candler Bldg., New York

Toronto, Ont. Office, Royal Bank Bldg.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Another Secret-Service Story!

Complete Novel in the next Popular

By W. B. M. FERGUSON

"AN IRREGULAR GAME”

A story that for tensity and move-
ment fully equals the novel, “Inside
the Lines,” which was published in the
Popular last summer. The hundreds
of readers that wrote us their con-
gratulations of the latter story will
rejoice in Ferguson’s masterly piece of
fiction. It will appear in the Popular
on the news stands January 20th.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
The “Clubby” Smoke—“Bull” Durham

    You start something lively when you produce “Bull” Durham
in a crowd of live-wires and start “rolling your own”. That fresh,
mellow-sweet fragrance of “Bull” makes everyone reach for “the
makings”. A hand-rolled “Bull” Durham cigarette brims over with
zest and snap and the sparkle of sprightly spirits.

GENUINE

  Bull Durham

SMOKING TOBACCO

     Made of rich, ripe Virginia-North Carolina leaf,
“Bull” Durham is the mildest, most enjoyable
tobacco in the world. Its unique aroma and pleas-
ing flavor give you wholesome, lasting satisfaction.

No other cigarette can be so
full of life and youthful vigor
as a fresh-rolled cigarette of
“Bull” Durham. “Roll your
with “Bull” and you’ll
discover a new joy in smoking.

THE AMERICAN TOBACCO COMPANY
Even if you oversleep
you needn’t undershave

 If you must shave in a hurry, you can, with
 Colgate’s Rapid-Shave Powder. Shake a
 little onto the wet brush and work up
 the lather right on the moistened face.

TRADE MARK

HAUL PQWDl

Colgate’s lathers instantly and softens the beard
thoroughly without any mussy “rubbing in” with
the fingers. Your razor works swiftly, easily.
Colgate’s lather does not cling to the razor edge
and “slow you up.”

And when you’re done, the soap washes off
easily—no soap left in the pores. Colgate's
Rapid-Shave Powder will gain you time
and comfort. The same perfect lather with
Colgate's Shaving Stick or Shaving ('ream;
A trial size of anyone sent for 4c. in sti.inps.

COLGATE & CO.,

Dept. R	199 Fulton St., New York

Canadian add Drummond Building. Montreal

Makers of Cashmere Bouquet Soap—luxurious, lasting, refined.