PUBLISHED
TWICE A MONTH

DECEMBER

Gordon Young
William Patterson White
Hugh Pendexter
Henry Leverage

H.	A. Lamb
Arthur 0. Friel
Hapsburg Liebe
Edgar Young
Romaine H. Lowdermilk
Roy P. Churchill
 Look!

Burlington Watch Co.

19th axreet and Marshall Blvd.
te?t. 1548	Chicago, III.

Please suC ne (without oblijration and
prepaid) you> free book on watches
with full explanation of your cash or
$3.50 a month offer oirxbe Burlington Watch.

Name

Address.

A Month

And all of this for $3.50—only $3.50

            per month—a great reduction in watch prices
                —direct to you—positively the exact prices
                the wholesale dealer would have to pay. Think of
                the high-grade, guaranteed watch we offer here at
                such a remarkable price. And. if you wish, you may pay
                this price at the rate of $3.50 a month. Indeed, the days
                of exorbitant watch prices have passed.

See It First jpg

                     see the watch. You don’t buy a Burlington
                  Watch without seeing it. Look at the splendid
                  beauty of the watch itself. Thin model, handsomely
                  shaped — aristocratic in every line. Then look at the
                  works! There you will see the masterpiece of the watch-
                  makers’ skill. A perfect timepiece adjusted to positions, tem-
                  perature and isochronism.

Practically every vessel in the U. S. Navy has many Burlington watches aboard.
Some have over 100 Burlington*. The victory of the Burlington amoni; tile men in
the U. S. Navy is testimony to Burlington superiority.

Send Your Name on
This Free Coupon

      Get the Burlington Watch Book by sending this
      coupon now. You will know a lot more about watch buying
      when you read it. You will be able to “steer clear'' of
      the over-priced watches which are no better. Send
      ^ the coupon today for the watch book and our offer.

             Burlington Watch Co.

\ isth Street and Marshall Blvd., Dept. 1548, Chicago, Illinois

            %	Ck	Oltlce: 35S Portage Ava., Winnipeg, Manitoba

   21 Ruby and Sap-
™ phire Jewels—

|| Adjusted to the sec-

   Adjusted to tempera-
al ture—

    Adjusted to isochron-
al ism—

CJ Adjusted to positions—
|i| 25-year gold strata
case—

jit Genuine Montgomery
™ Railroad Dial—

   New Ideas in Thin
   Cases.
ADVENTURE

i

         WHEN sweets appear, and merriment abounds,
         then come the happiest sweets of all—-Nabisco
         Sugar Wafers-. A welcome always awaits them with
         their delicate outer strips and delicious creamy filling.

Two other dessert aids are Anola and Ramona.

Now sold in the famous In-er-seal trademark package.
NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

ADVFNTURF	Published twice a month by The Ride way Company at Spring and Macdoueal Sts.. New York	\r i	xj r

o I 10 iQ	City. Yearly subscription 5*.00 in advance: single copy 20 cents. Entered as sccond-class	'. , XT ' ,

UeC. ircl, 1/1V	inattei Oct. 1910. at tiie post-office at New York. N. Y.. under the act of March 3. 1879.	Serilll No. 143
2

ADVENTURE

CAMPBEtt

Stujios"

       Miss Evelyn Gosnel!	Wallace Reid

            in "Up in Mabel’s Room"	Star in “The Valkv of the Giants”

                                                                               A Paramount-A rtcrajt Picture

Arehfiu a Blond ?

     The Secret of Making
     People Like You

THE greatest asset any man can possibly
have is the faculty for making people
like him. It is even more important
than ability.

  The secret of making people like you lies in
your ability to understand the emotional and
mental characteristics of the people you meet.

  Did you know that a blond has an entirely
different temperament than a brunet?—that to
get along with a blond type you must act en-
tirely different than you would to get along
with a brunet?

  When you really know the difference be-
tween blonds and brunets, the difference in
their characters, temperaments, abilities and
peculiar traits you will save yourself many a
mistake—and you will incidentally learn much
you never knew before about yourself.

      * * * * »

F.UL GRAHAM was a blond, and not until he
learned that there was all the difference in the
world between the characteristics of a blond and
those of a brunet did he discover the secret of making
people like him.

  Paul had been keeping books for years for a large
corporation which had branches all over the countrj
It was generally thought by his associates that he
would never rise above that job. He had a tremen-
dous ability with figures—could wind them around
his little finger—but he did not have the ability to
mix with big men; did not know how to make people
like him.

 Then one day. the impossible happened. Paul
Graham became popular.

 Business men of importance who had formerly
given him only a passing nod of acquaintance sud-
denly showed a desire for his friendship. People-
even strangers—actually went out of their way to do
things for him. Even he was astounded at his new
ix>wer over men and women. Not only could he get
them to do what he wanted them to do. but the
actually anticipated his wishes and seemed eager to
please him.

  From the day the change took place he began
to go up in business. Now he is the Head Auditor
for his corporation at an immense increase in salary
And all this came to him simply because he learned
the secret of making people like him.

  You, too, can have the power of making people
like you. For by the same method used by Paul
Graham, you can, at a glance, tell the characteristic
of any man. woman or child—tell instantly the
likes and dislikes, and YOU CAN MAKE PEOPLE
LIKE YOU. Here is how it is done:

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

3

Everyone you know can be placed in one of two
eneral types- blond or brunet. There is as big a
lifference between the mental and emotional charact-
eristics of a blond and those of a brunet as there is
letween night and day. You persuade a blond in
ne way—a brunet in another. Blonds enjoy one
Jiase of life—brunets another. Blonds make good
1 one kind of a job—brunets in one entirely
ifferent.

To know these differences scientifically is the first
tep in judging men and women; in getting on well
•ilh them; in mastering their minds; in making
hem like you; in winning their respect, admiration,
>ve and friendship.

And when you have learned these differences—
/hen you can tell at a glance just what to do and
ay to make any man or woman like you, your
access in life is assured.

  For exampla, there’s the case of a large manu-
icturing concern. Trouble sprang up at one of the
actories. The men talked strike. Things looked
gly. Harry Winslow was sent to straighten it out.
in I he eve of a general walk-out he pacified the
non and headed off the strike. And not only this,
tut ever since then, that factory has led all the others
or production. He was able to do this, because he
;new how to make these men like him and do what
le wanted them to do.

  Another case, entirely different, is that of Henry
’eters. Because of his ability to make people like
lim—his faculty for “getting under the skin” and
naking people think his way, he was given the posi-
ion of Assistant to the President of a large firm.
Two other men, both well liked by their fellow em-
•loyees, had each expected to get the job. So when
he outside man, Peters, came in, he was looked upon
>y everyone as an interloper and was openly disliked
>y every other person in the office.

  Peters was handicapped in every way. But in
ipite of that, in three weeks he had made fast friends
>f everyone in the house and had even won over the
iwo men who had been most bitter against him. The
vhole secret is that he could tell in an instant how
:o appeal to any man and make himself well liked.

  A certain woman who had this ability moved with
ler family to another town. As is often the case, it
s a very difficult thing for any woman to break into
-lie chill circle of society in this town, if she was not
tnown. But her ability to make people like her
toon won' for her the close friendship of many of
the “best families” in the town. Some people
bonder how she did it. It was simply the secret at
*ork—the secret of judging people’s character and
naking them like you.

*****

YOU realize, of course, that just knowing the
difference between a blond and a brunet could
lot accomplish all these wonderful things. There
ire other things to be taken into account. But here
6 the whole secret.

  You know that everyone does not think alike.
iVhat one likes another dislikes. And what offends
»ne pleases another. Well, there is your cue.. You
tan make an instant “hit” with anyone, if you say

the things they want you to say, and act the way
they want you to act. Do this and they will surely
like you and believe in you and will go miles out of
their way to PLEASE YOU.

  You can do this easily by knowing certain simple
signs. Tn addition to the difference in complexion,
every man, woman and child has written on them
signs as distinct as though they were in letters a foot
high, which show you from one quick glance exactly
what to say and to do to please them—to get them
to believe —to think as you think — to do exactly
what you want them to do.

  In knowing these simple signs is the whole secret
of getting what you want out of life—of making
friends, of business and social advantage. Every
great leader uses this method. That is why he IS a
leader. Use it yourself and you will quickly become
a leader—nothing can stop you.

  You have heard of Dr. Blackford, the Master
Character Analyst. Many concerns will not employ
a man without first getting Dr. Blackford to pass on
him. Concerns such as Westinghouse Electric and
Manufacturing Company, Baker-Vawter Company,
Scott Paper Company and many others pay Dr.
Blackford large annual fees for advice on human
nature.

  So great was the demand for these services that
Dr. Blackford could not even begin to fill all the
engagements. So Dr. Blackford bm «pfcuned the
method, in a simple, seven-Tesson coursc, entitled,
“Reading Character at Sight.” Eve® a half hour’s
reading of this wonderful course wS gfve you an
insight into human nature and a power over people
which will surprise you.

  Such confidence have the publishers in Dr. Black-
ford’s course, “Reading Character at Sight,” that
they will gladly send it to you on approval, all
charges prepaid. Look it over thoroughly. See if
it lives up to all the claims made for it. If you do
not want to keep it, then return it and the trans-
action is closed. And if you decide to keep it—as
you surely will—then merely remit five dollars in full
payment.

  Remember, you take no risk, you assume no obli-
gation. The entire course goes to you on approval.
You have everything to gain—nothing to lose. So
mail the coupon NOW, and learn how to make
people like you, while this remarkable offer is still on.

FREE EXAMINATION COUPON

Independent Corporation

Publishers of the Independent Weekly
Dept. B 4712,1 X 9 West 40 th Street, New York

   You may send me Dr. Blackford’s Course of seven lessons
entitled "Reading Character at Sight." I will either remail
the course to you within five days after its receipt, or send
you $5 in full payment of the course.

Name..................................................

Address................................................

......................................Adventure 12-3-19

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

the new magazine, covers a field that stretches from our
daily footsteps not only back into all time, but broadly
into all the world.

  It is for both men and women. It has no puritan-
ical standards, but it will be kept relentlessly clean.
Love is a natural theme, but there will be no salacious
sex appeal.

  Nor is there romance in emotions tom to lifeless
shreds by infinite analysis, or in the sickly ghost sensa-
tions of the boudoir. True romance lies in the real,
not the artificial. It may be buxom, but never morbid;
grimy, but neither dirty nor fluffy.

  ‘Romance wishes to leave its readers happier than it
found them. Yet tragedy is not barred, for tragedy
may be uplifting, not depressing. Problems are not
barred, but they must be the problems of romance itself,
not the dreary ones that drag us back into the routine
we seek to forget between the covers of a magazine.

  Above all, good stories; those by famous authors
side by side with stories having no endorsement but
their own merit.

  If such a monthly magazine sounds to you different,
get the current issue and read the new serial by
Joseph Conrad.

For Sale on Every News-stand

      20 cents a copy, or $2.00 a year from
      ‘Romance, Butterick Building, New York

Published by the publishers of Everybody’s and Adventure

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

5

“$1,000 Saved!”

 “Last night I came home with great news! Our savings had passed the #1.000 mark!

 “I remember reading one time that your first thousand saved is the most important money
 ou will ever have, for in saving it you have laid a true foundation for success in life. And
 remember how remote and impossible it seemed then to have such a sum of money.

 “I was making $15 a week and every penny of it was needed just to keep us going. It went
 on that way for several years. Then one day I woke up! I found I was not getting ahead
 simply because I had never learned to do anything in particular. As a result whenever an
 important promotion was to be made, I was passed by. I made up my mind right then to in-
 vest an hour after supper each night in my own future, so I wrote to Scranton and arranged
 for a course that would give me special training for our business.

 "I can't understand why I had never realized before
 that this was the thing to do. Why. in a few months I

I

■	OUT HKWg ■ — ......—

 MINTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

had a whole new vision of my work! The general man-
ager was about the first to note the change. An opening I
came and he gave me my first real chance—with an
increase. A little later another promotion came with I
enough money to save $25 a month. Then another in- |
crease—I could put aside $50 each pay day. So it went

"Today I am manager of my departr'ent—with two in-
creases this year. We have a thousand dollars saved!

And this is only the beginning. We are planning now
for a home of our own. There will be new comforts for
Rose, little enjoyments we have had to deny ourselves
up to now. And here is a real future ahead with more
money than I used to dare to dream that I could make.
What wonderful hours they are—those hours after
supper!”

  For 28 years the International Correspondence Schools
have been helping men and women everywhere to win
promotion, to earn more money, to have happy, prosper-
ous homes, to know the joy of getting ahead.

  More than two million have taken the up road with
I. C. S. help. Over 100,000 are now turning their spare
time to profit. Hundreds are starting every day. Isn't
it about time for you to find out what the I. C. S. can do
for you?

  You, too, can have the position you want in the work
of your choice, you can have the kind of a salary that
will make possible money in the bank, a home of your
own, the comforts and luxuries you would like your
family to have. No matter what your age, your occupa-
tion or your means—you can do it!

  All we ask is a chance to prove it—without obligation
on your part or a penny of cost. That's fair, isn’t it?
Then mark and mail this coupon.

BOX 2017B , SCRANTON. PA.

Explain, without obligating me, how I can qualify for the posi-
tion, or in the subject, before which I mark X.

 I

 ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
 Electric Lighting and Railway*
 Electric Wiring
 Telegraph Engineer
 Telephone Work
 MECHANICAL ENGINEER
 Mechanical Draftsman
 Machine Shop Practice
 Toolmaker
 Gaa ‘Engine Operating
 CIVIL ENGINEER
 Surveying and Mapping
 MINE FOREMAN OR ENGINEER
 STATIONARY ENGINEER
 Marine Engineer
 Ship Draftsman
 ARCHITECT
 Contractor and Builder
 Architectural Draftsman
 Concrete Builder
 Structural Engineer
 PLUMBING AND HEATING
 Sheet Metal Worker
 Textile Overseer or Supt-
 CHEMIST

  SALESMANSHIP
  ADVERTISING
  Window Trimmer
  Show Card Writer
  jSign Painter
  jRaiiroad Trainman

  □ILLUSTRATING
  Cartooning
  BOOKKEEPER
  Stenographer and Typist
  Cert. Public Accountant
  TRAFFIC MANAGER
  Railway Accountant
  Commercial Law
  GOOD ENGLISH
  Teacher

   Common School Subjects
   Mathematics
   JCIVIL SERVICE
   □ Railway Mail Clerk
   AUTOMOBILE OPERATING
   Anto Repairing
   Navigation I □ Spanish
   AGRICULTURE French
   Poultry Raising Italian

 Name —

 Present

 Occupatlo

 Street
 and No^-

 Clty.

 International

 nadians may nen
 Correspondence

tichoola, Montreal, Canada

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
6

ADVENTURE

2,000,000
Americans

will find this Christmas glori-
ously different from the one
spent overseas last year. This
year the gifts need not be con-
fined to 9x4x3 packages and they can include
something that was not bom until demobilization —

THE HOME SECTOR

          WEEKLY FOR THE NEW CIVILIAN'
     CONDUCTED BY THE FORMER EDITORIAL COUNCIL OF

Che Stars and Stripes

Official newspaper of the A. E. F.

    This new man’s weekly is dedicated to every American
who saw service under the American flag during the great war.
It is full of straight talk from men who were in the service to
men who were in the service. And there is no bunk in it.

     Baldridge, Wallgren and all the others who, by their writings and
drawings, made “The Stars and Stripes” famous are now at work
for “The Home Sector.” It is packed with jokes and verse, and it
prints every week the latest news from all the old Yank sectors on the other
side of the Atlantic. It is lively each week with the low-down from the
various trenches in the home sector where a dizzy fight is now being
waged to make this America a very bon sector indeed.

               Order your Christmas presents now

10 CENTS A COPY ON NEWS-STANDS EVERY WEDNESDAY

$5 a year. Write for Special Combination Offer. Agents Wanted

The Butterick Publishing Company, Butterick Building, New York

?

€

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

7

 The operation shown here—wringing from blue water to basket while another batch of clothes
 is being washed—can be accomplished only with a washing machine equipped with All-Position
 Swinging Wringer. Insist on this feature. No washer can render 100r/c service without it.

Super Electric

America’s Leading Washing Machine

A-B-C is more than the name of a washer.

    —it represents a SERVICE to housewives that means washing and
    wringing done quickly and with ease, making washday a real pleasure.

     —	it is the symbol of systematized modern home laundry methods.

     —	it stands for simplicity in a high-grade electric washer. (Any child
     can operate the A-B-C Super Electric.)

    —	it indicates its maker—Altorfer Bros. Company—who were pio-
    neer washing machine manufacturers, and now rank the world's largest
    exclusive makers of electric and power washers.

To possess an A-B-C Super Electric Washer is economy—“ put-
ting off” buying is a positive extravagance.

There’s an A-B-C dealer near you who will gladly demonstrate this
remarkable washer in your own home, without charge, and arrange easy
terms of payment. Try it at home and see how well it will please you.

     Write for “The A-B-C of Washday,” 20 illustrated pages of suggestions
     for systematizing your washings—and the name of your nearest dealer.

ALTORFER BROS. COMPANY, Peoria, 111.

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
8

ADVENTURE

§ CROOKS' APPLIANCE,
the modern scientific
invention, the wonderful

noxious springs or pads.
Has^ automatic Air

together as^you would a

Sent on trial to_prove it.

 ureblanksroifited free. Send
 name and address today.

C. E. BROOKS, 212C State Street, Marshall, Mich.

              Fortune
              .Teller

-?f	j, "I see a man

..<1^ ■; '	dark

$.' -	m..11. 1 !»•

                                      in talking

                                             c-.irrifstlv
     EF to a you no
     iSHj girl. She
     >. ■ ’• ■

Wavoid hint. He
seizes her by
both arms. They
struggle. He has
his hand at her throat. She falls. He strikes
her. He goes 1 cannot see where he goes.
It is dark—dark—” .

What happens then — how this medium knew
—that is the perplexing mystery solved only
by the marvellous genius of

If you or your men-folks read and enjoyed
The Stars and Stripes remember that

 THE HOME SECTOR

   A WEEKLY FOR THE NEW CIVILIAN

   CONDUCTED BY THE FORMER EDITORIAL COUNCIL OF

  Che Slnrs and Stripes

   OFFICIAL NEWSPAPER OF THE A. K. F.

is on all news-stands every Wednesday
10 Cents a Copy; $5.00 a Year

Write for Special Combination Offer Agents Wanted

POE

10 Volume*

pHHJSEES To those who send the coupon promptly.

                we will jrive FREE a set of Edgar Allan Poe’s
[ IfijrkaEl works in 10 volumes.

         gSjj When the police of Paris failed to solve one
of the roost li arful murder mvst.-nes of the
: 5®jj time. Edgar Allan Poe—far oft here in New
| (PTRJBBBri York—found the solution.

                The story is in these volumes.

       ■Bl In England and France. Edgar Allan Poe
is held to be the greatest writer that America
has produced. To them hi- is the great Ameri-
' JxizSzSm cnn ?la.ssic.

This is a wonderful combination. Here are two
of the greatest writers of mystery and scientific <U-
* .*-^55 tective stories. Von can get the Keeve at a remark*
. WRi ably low price and the l*Oe FKEK for a sliort time
E99 only. Sign and mail the coupon now.

             HARPER & BROTHERS (Established 1817)

HARPER 6l BROTHERS, 32 Franklin Square. New York	Adi-. 12-3-19

Seod me, all charges prepnid, <el of Arthur B. RefVC—hi 12 volumes. Also
•end me. absolutely )r«-o. the set of Editar Allan Poe-in 10 volumes. If the
books are not satisfactory 1 will return both sets within 10 days at your expense.
Otherwise 1 will send you $2 a month for 13 months.

R23&S3 Learn Plano!

fnMp^ZSgy This Interesting Free Bool

JMm shows liow you can become a skillet

                          player of piano or organ in your own lioim
 at ona*quarter usual coat. Dr. Quinn'i
 famous Written Method ih oudorsed by leading musicians .nidheads©:
 State Conservatories. Sucoessful25 years. Plavehordsat onceandcom*
 piece piece in everv low, withJn 4 lesson*. Scientific yet ensy to un-
 derstand. Fully illustrated. For beginners or teacher*. old or younic. All music
 frec.DiplomR granted. Write today for fil-nnRO free book. How to Learn Piano.
 M. L. Quinn Conservatory. Studio A.L. Social Union Lldg., F os ton. Mass.

Name..........

Address.....

Occupation

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

9

/~^AMEL.S are unique—a
real cigarette revelation !
That’s due to their quality
and to the unusual and expert
blend of choice Turkish and
choice Domestic tobaccos!

YOUR enthusiasm for Camel Cigarettes
will steadily increase! They will not
tire your taste, no matter how liberally
you smoke ! And, each cigarette will just
add a little more to the joy and content-
ment the wonderfully refreshing Camel
flavor hands you so lavishly !

CIGARETTES

  Once you know Camels you’ll prefer
their blend—and what it gives you—
the most fascinatingly mellow-mild-
body ever realized in a cigarette—to
either Wind of tobacco smoked straight!

  You’ll enjoy Camels freedom from any
unpleasant cigaretty aftertaste and from
any unpleasant cigaretty odor !

  And, the longer you smoke Camels the
more you’ll appreciate that they are
made to meet your taste!

  Compare Camels with any cigarette in
the world at any price — and forget
coupons, premiums and gifts!

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
IO

ADVENTURE

Occupation................................................................ Adv. 12-3-19

   10 per ccnt added in Canada because of duty.

The Pawn Ticket Clue

  She was the one woman in all the world he loved —
and she was married to another man. She was famous
now, and rich -beyond all hope of his attaining.

Yet. Inrre in this obscure pawn shop, he found a token—a
clue that told him :i startling story,
rrr——■ Hi re is a man who knows that love is the
savior of souls—that it levels all ranks—iliat
rich and poor are as one under its manic spell.

Harding DAVIS

" " *	(h'irst Uniform Edition)

PSttSa	Whether it be the blinding heat of an African

' 11^ | de«.ri —a loiH'soim- island in Ili.- Pai-ilie — or .1

P""“deep mystery of a London fog- Davis always

    :1 breathless story to tell, lie knew that
Komance was not dead. No man ever knew so
1 many different kinds of people. No man ever
visited so many strange lands or saw so many
HjBjkglf . wars in so many different places. More than
ever before Americans love him.

FREE

Booth

Tarkington

    5 Volumes

Our foremost living American novelist today is Booth
Tarkington. Every American sees himself as a l>oy in
“Penrod." Every American knows the fascinating prob-
lem touched in that brilliant novel, "The Flirt." The
world cannot grow tired of his entrancing story "Monsieur
Beauc;iire."

Booth Tarkington knows how to write about love.
Nowhere else can you find romance so delightful — so
enthralling.

 Because of his closeness to real American life. Columbia
 University's $1,000 prize for the l>est novel of 1918 wenl to
 Booth Tarkington for "The Magnificent Ambersons."

     This is a remarkable offer and it cannot last long. No
 American home can afford to be without Richard Harding
 Davis and Booth Tarkington. Sign and mail the coupon
 at once, and you will get one at low price—the other free.

  CHARLES SCRIBNER’S SONS

UIIAItl.FlS SCUMXKirS SONS. 597 Fifth A VO.. New York
Send me, all charges prepaid, complete set of Richard Harding Davis, in 12
volumes. Also send absolutely FREE the set of Booth Tarkington. in 5 vol-
umes. If these books are not satisfactory I will return both sets within 10
days, at your expense. Otherwise I will send you 50c at once and Si a
month for 18 mouths.

Name............................................................................................

Wouldn’t You
spend 2 cents

 to find out how you
 can turn your spare
 time into dollars?

   The price of postage to write to us is
all the investment hundreds of our repre-
sentatives made. By looking after our
interests in their spare time, they earn
$25.00 to $250.00 a month.

Wherever you live

  We need representatives in every
vicinity. Whether you live in the country,
small town, or big city, there is an oppor-
tunity to earn the extra money you want..

  From every community subscriptions
to Adventure, Everybody’s Magazine and
The Delineator are sent to us direct by
subscribers, because our staff of represen-
tatives is not big enough to look after all
the business. You could get the sub-
scriptions right around you and earn
$50.00 before the end of another month.
Why not?

  No experience is necessary

  We coach you in the work and furnish
all instructions and supplies free. You
can begin to earn money the day you hear
from us.

And the work is pleasant and dignified.

   I	could fill this magazine with letters
from men who have written in praise of
Butterick subscription work and what it
has meant to them.

   But you don’t need to take their word
for it. If you have a little spare time,
why don’t you try it out?

ADVENTURE

440 Butterick Building, New York, N. Y.
ADVENTURE

IX

HAMPDEN

No. M 106 —Solid.
I0K Colli — Holsc-
shoe* l’ln—

Prlcc $1.00.

 No.M 107V

 I OK (3oM P
 Scarf Pin—
 Price $1.00

 No. M 108—'Ml

  FI no Dia mond R:
  14 K Solid Cold
  v mounting—

  ^vPricc $47.50.

PI SO S

for Coughs & Colds

Learn How to Write

Short Stories demand for short.

                                              3tories. photoplays
 fand feature articles. You can learn how to write at home in
 your spare time. Jack London said so. He and other great
 writers have endorsed our home study course^

Write lor free book JJ'

 This offer is limited. No obligations. Write
 Hoosier Institute, Short Story Dept. 1478 Fort Wayne, Ind.

  How to Write” and details of
  our Special Introductory Offer,
  if today.

A complete novel of 62,000 words

“THE LIGHT ON BAYA CAY”
by RALPH HENRY BARBOUR
in the second issue of

besides two serials and many short stories
Get your copy now
ON ALL NEWS-STANDS NOV. 12th

Xmas Bargains

 On Credit

New Catalog Sent

 .v> i

               As beneficial as
               a hot water bottle

                    Because Piso’s is a real
      help — day or night, in
      preventing winter’s most
      frequent ills. It allays
      coughs and hoarseness and soothes irri-
      tated “tickly” throats. Keep it always
      in the medicine cabinet. It may save a
      weary trip to the drug store at night.

       30c at your druggist's. Contains no
       opiate. Good for young and old

 No. M-111—Indcsiructlble Pearl Necklace. 15 Inches lou
 l.ttiinlfully graduated, solid 10K Gold Clasp— Price $10.0’

 Other sizes and grades shown la our catalogue up to $75.00

SQUARE DEAL MILLER

SMASHES THE TERMS

 Easiest and most reasonable terms offered.
 Purchase any article in my FREE CATALOG on the
 easiest possible terms. Xmas articles from 25c. up
 to any price. Now is the time to order Xmas articles.
 Buy today and pay next year.

 Terms and prices will suit you. Order from this Ad.
 Send for catalog.

    Maifi this Coupon—Send Today
    SQUARE DEAL MILLER, Pres. —

 Millor-Hoofcr Co. 1126 Miller Bldg.	Detroit, Mich.

        rieasc send Free Catalog—Approval and Trial Offers

 No. M ioo—Brooch. Blue
 Sapphire. Solid 10K Gold—
 Pricc $1.85.

 No. M -110— Brooch, Gr<
 Gold Leaf—Solid 10K G
 —Price $1.85.

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
12

ADVENTURE

Achieving the Ultimate in Phonograph Music

By Means of Two Exclusive and Scientific Features

  The Brunswick Method of Reproduction
gained inslanl and wide-spread public favor
because it enriches the lone qualities of all
records. For this alone it is adored by artists
and approved by the hypercritical. It em-
bodies the true principles of tone reproduc-
tion and complies with the established laws
of acoustics in projecting tone.

Two revolutionary factors,
among others essentially dif-
ferent from other phonographs,
make this possible. They are
the Ultona and the Tone
Amplifier.

 The Ultona Plays
All Records
The Ultona—a product of
creative genius—enables one
lo play all make records on the
Brunswick. Not a combination
contrivance nor complex mech-
anism, yet involving a funda-
mental principle of sound. By
a slight turn of the hand it

supplies the proper needle, correct weight
and precise diaphragm.

The Amplifier Enriches Tones
As the name implies it amplifies tone,
making it truer and sweeter. It is a vibrant
tone chamber like the sounding board of a
fine piano or violin. Con-
structed entirely of moulded
hollywood and free from metal
it gives the requisite resiliency
for unfolding and projecting
true tone.

 Ask to Hear
 The Brunswick

   Any Brunswick dealer will
be glad to demonstrate the
many claims made for it.
Choose your favorite record to
be tested—the one that will
help you judge best. Your
verdict like that ot unnum-
bered thousands will be “the
one super phonograph."

THE BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COLLENDER COMPANY
General Offices: CHICAGO and NEW YORK

Branch Houses in Principal Cities of	Canadian Distr ibutors: Musical Merchandise

United States, Mexico and Canada

Sales Co., 819 Yonge Street, Toronto

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
    Published Twice a Month by The Ridgway Company

1. H. GANNON, President	C. H. HOLMES. Sceret.ry and TnuUH

                     Sprint; and Macdougal Streets - - New York City
                     6, Henrietta St.. Covent Garden, London, W. C., England

     Entered as Second-Class Mailer. October 1. 1910. at the	aotuiid sin i ivamt ukicuim

Post-Office at Netv York. N. Y.. under the Act of March 3. 1879.	AH I HUH SULLIVAN I HurrMAN. Editor

Yearly Subscription, $3.00 in advance	Single Copy, Twenty Cents

Foreign pottage. $2.00 additional. Canadian Pottage, 60 centa.

           Trade-Mark Registered; Copyright. 1919. by The Ridgway Company in the United States and Great Britain.

       Tha editor asaumea no risk for manuscripts and illustrationa submitted to this magazine, but be will uae all due care while

they are in his hands.

Contents for First December, 1919, Issue

Born to Be Hanged, But— A Complete Novelette	. . Gordon Young	3

        Revolver in hand, one chamber empty, Don Everhard stands by the dead body of James E. Tltrope.
     millionaire candidate for governor. How did he get there? Read this story of the younger days of
     Gordon Young's unique character—the two-gun fighter with the poker face.

Three Wise Men.........Romaine H. Lowdermilk	41

         The star which these three follow is gold. Across the scorching desert and through rocky cafions
     they travel—this maddening star ever before them.

Assignats..........Henry LeYerage	52

         At her jack-staff the Shongpong flies the Bolshevik flag. Her skipper is an Englishman, her mate a
     Yankee and her engineering officer a Scotchman—that is until the Russian crew decides to apply
     Soviet ideas to navigation.

Jest Jim, Fiddlin’ Jim........Hapsbnrg Liebe	61

        Twelve years in the “penitenchy” had taught this old Tennessee mountaineer to “look up,” as he
     expresses it. Consequently he does not dread another period of confinement when this sacrifice brings
     happiness to one he loves.	v

The Haven Poem ......... Berton Braley	68

Said Afzel’s Elephant........H. A. Lamb	67

         Abdul Dost, Man of the Mogul, though brave and fearless himself, stands in awe of Sir Ralph Wey-
     and's reckless daring. Yet he follows this intrepid Englishman and learns ways of fighting of which
     he had not dreamed before. A tale of India in the Seventeenth Century.

Oh, Lordy, Lordy!........William Patterson White	77

         “I ban like you Andy,” says Susy Svmson. It is then that A tidy Ball decides it’s time to leave, but
     Susy thinks differently, for she will have no trifling with her two hundred odd pounds of affection.

(Continued on next page)
(Continued from preceding page)

The Makings of a Sailorman......Roy P. Churchill	83

     The only good thing the officers of Alta could say about Orion Saltsman was that he was strong and
     willing, yet there comes a day when they discover that this country boy possesses other qualities besides
     brute force.

Gentlemen of the North A Foar-Part Story Part III	Hugh Pendexter	90

     Realizing that death would be far more desirable than capture by the Sioux, Franklin and Flat
     Mouth fight through the night desperately, against almost hopeless odds. The first two parts are here
     retold in story form in case you have missed them.

The Spider..........Arthur 0. Friel	122

     In the depths of a South American jungle lurks an insidious, mysterious death. Those who attempt
     to pass down the river through the jungle seldom return alive. It is a woman who finally discloses the
     mystery.

Big Medicine.........Edgar Young	133

     To the workers at the Canal Zone he is more or less of a joke with his loud-voiced bragging, but one
     day he gets into action.

Night on the Desert Poem......W. H. Gardner	138

The Dragon’s Claw A Complete Novelette . ... 1. Allan Dunn	139

    Intermittent flashes appear on the western horizon whence the caravan has traveled —
    dazzling streaks that pierce the sky at irregular intervals but withal systematically. These flashes arc
    the beginning of a race with death—a race that extends from the desert sands of China to a modern
    hotel in New York City.

The Camp-Fire A free-to-all mceting-place for readers, writers and adventurers ..... 176

Looking Ahead for Democracy............182

Various Practical Services Free to Any Reader.........184

Ask Adventure...............185

Firearms, Past and Present.............186

Fishing in North America.............186

Lost Trails................191

The Trail Ahead......................... 192

Headings ............. Hibbard V. B. Kline

Cover Design............ Edgar Whitmack

             THROUGH the narrow, tortuous alleys of Aleppo Bazaar,
             a young Turkish girl leads Monty and his friends. To
             turn back means the horrors of a Turkish prison—to
             continue with the girl means they know not what. “In
             Aleppo Bazaar,” a complete novel, by Talbot Mundv, appear-
             ing in the next issue—An Up-and-Down-the-Earth Tale.

           “ CTEVE PACKA RD. you—you’re a-fool!”

                   Such are “Hell-Fire” Packard’s words of welcome to
             his grandson who has been wandering about the world for
             twelve years. Yet Steve is not discouraged even when the
             old man tells the amount of money Steve must make to win
             back his father’s ranch, for Sieve has something of the spirit
             that earned the name Hell-Fire for his grandfather. “Man
             to Man,” a four-part story, by Jackson Gregory, beginning
             in the next Adventure.
   VOL. XXm NO. 3
DECEMBER 3, 1919

BORN TO BE HANGED, BUT

                           Gordon Young

Author of “Dangerous Men," “Gaboreau the Terribleetc.

I

I HAD been arrested on the eve of a
State election, revolver in hand, a
chamber empty, by the body of
1 James H. Thrope, millionaire lum-
berman and candidate for governor.

I,	Don Everhard, was tried, convicted
and sentenced to death; which, in Cali-
fornia, meant to be hanged.

From the day of my arrest until this, I
spoke no word of defense, I offered no ex-
planation and I made no statements.

The time has come when I may tell my
story. Here it is:

II

JAMES THROPE was one of the
men—and there are many of his
kind—that I instinctively hated.
And by hate I mean Hate. There are, I
believe, certain tenets in theosophy which

account for instinctive hatreds as old en-
mities carried down from a former incarna-
tion. But I know nothing of theosophy
beyond that, and I have always found,
ultimately, sufficient reasons for hating such
men without putting the responsibility on
some vague life that I may never have lived
in ages past.

  Thrope was the sort of man that, had he
been a Democrat, I would at once have
declared myself a Republican. Had he
been a Republican, I would have been a
Democrat. I mention this because he
was a powerful politician and a candidate,
at the time this story ends, for governor.
He was a man of powerful body, dominant
personality, robust and more vigorous at
sixty-five than most men in the earlier
years of manhood. I believe that he was
generally considered handsome. His face
was covered with a short, neatly trimmed
black beard.

  He had married rather late in years and

Copyright, WW, by The Rideway Company in the United States and Great Britain. A11 rights reserved.
*

Adventure

had continued to be a debauchee. But it
was not merely wild roisterings that black-
ened his name; he was a ruthless, un-
scrupulous, bold fellow with no regard for
laws, morals or solemn oaths. His friends
said that he never broke a promise; but his
friends, like himself, lied.

  I may speak this way of the dead man,
for I am saying less than I have said with
his face turned toward me.

  As a politician, I have no doubt that he
faithfully gave the promised jobs and graft
to those who served his party when it was
in office. As a big business man, I sup-
pose that he did discriminate in cheating
his associates. Beyond that he may not
be praised in my presence without evoking
a flat contradiction, and I am likely to
speak shortly and use short words when his
name is mentioned.

_ Yet he was known as a “good fellow.”
His friends were legion. He spent money
like water and he gathered it like a pirate.

  I was rather young in those days. Be-
cause I had less discretion than has since
been protectively acquired out of many
troubles, I did some things that none but
a young, high-tempered fellow would do. I
was rather proud of having a reputationas“a
dangerous man”; and yet, in all seriousness,
if I now encountered such a fellow as I was
then, I would very much want to spank
him.

  I admit it would be risky, for I was then
almost as good a shot as I am now; I was
then, as now, almost physiologically in-
capable of being nervous or feeling fear.

  The really brave man is like Marshal
Ney, whom Napoleon called “the bravest
of the brave.” A battle was breaking, and
Ney, it is said, stood waiting the order to
charge. He happened to glance down and
saw that his knees were trembling. “Shake,

-you, shake,” he muttered, “and if you

knew where I am going to take you before
this day is over, you would shake worse than
that!”

  That is courage. My knees never trem-
ble. They never did, no matter what the
circumstances. I seem to have been born
with something essentially human left out
of me_; and I mention this at some length to
explain how it happened that a very young
man, like myself at that time, had a certain
prestige among gamblers and crooks who
acknowledged no equals but men whom they
had cause to admire or to fear.

  Too, I may say that I was a born gam-
bler, and what immobility my face may
have lacked I painstakingly acquired. The
inscrutable face is as essential to a suc-
cessful gambler as sensitive fingers; there
are not, and there never were, honest gam-
blers who lived by luck alone.

  What the nimblest magician may do with
cards on the stage, I could do with the deck
at the poker-table—and perhaps some
other things too. That was not a natural
gift any more than the musician’s fingers
are bestowed by nature; and no pianist ran
his scales more faithfully than I practised
with cards in my room. I was, even in
my teens, determined to be as fine a gam-
bler as lived and I went at it thoroughly
under the very excellent tutorage of an old
fellow who, in his prime, had been one of
the best.

  He drank. His fingers were a bit slow
one night in passing liie bottom card to a
confederate, and out of gratitude and friend-
ship I paid for the funeral and monument.
There it stands to this day, a shaft of mar-
ble among a field of solemn stones, and on it
is the sardonic inscription —

As honest a man as ever palmed a card.

  But I was young in those days. My
family for some years did not speak my
name even in the house where I was born.
I was dead to all of them. It might have
been different had I not been motherless at
ten. Sisters, brothers, uncles, cousins, aunts
—ours was and is yet a large and proud
tribe—said I was born to be hanged; and
the time came when they were considerate
enough to remind me that—

  “We told you so!”

   A few words more to fill in some features
of my background, for though this story is
verifiable in the files of old San Francisco
papers—not so very old at that—yet I wish
to take the pains of making it credible with-
out sending skeptics to dusty volumes of
the Chronicle.

  It has been my fortune, despite the at-
titude of eminently respectable relatives,
even then as now, to have and to hold the
friendship of a few fine and honest people
who had what they called “faith” in me.
This is, I suppose, largely because I never
drank; never used an oath more than three
or four times in my life; was invariably
polite—as emotionless people are usually;
Bom to be Hanged, But—

5

never made a threat—that is a direct one;
and never made a promise that I did not
keep.

  It happened that a pickpocket whom I
knew quite well—he was a miserable rascal,
reduced by hop and whisky to purse-snatch-
ing—sipped a woman’s bag in a crowd and
gloated over the contents in my presence.

  A handful of bills was in it, and such other
stuff as a woman usually pokes into her
bag. But there was also a letter, and on
the envelope, of course, an address—Mrs.
Mary Curwen. The dope-fiend tried to
tell me what was in the letter. He offered
it to me to read. His words were rather
jumbled for he was half-drunk, but what
he said was somewhat borne out by the
return address on the envelope.

  This miserable rat saw a chance for black-
mail and was drunk enough to suggest that
I engage with him. The envelope was from
the office of a congressman of the San
Francisco district. The pickpocket said
it was written by Congressman Bryan—
who was just making an announcement of
his willingness to run for governor—to Mrs.
Mary Curwen and that it spoke of a “dread-
ful secret.”

  I did not read the letter. As nearly as I
could gather the “dreadful secret” was not
revealed,but was suggested in some way that
seemed to the pickpocket sufficient to es-
tablish a basis for “a piece o’ graft.”

  What that basis was he didn’t exactly
know. He urged me to read it. He was
very drunk, and I never quarrel with a
drunken man. I took the letter and put it
aside for a day or two. I was tantalizingly
interested and tempted to read it.

  There is no shame in being tempted—it is
giving way to temptation that knocks the
inner props down. I would no more have
read a letter found in a ripped envelope
than I would have read one in which I had
no personal interest and which was sealed.
Let me make myself clear on this point.

  Had it served some purpose of importance
to me, I would not only have opened an-
other man’s letter, but I would have cut
into a mail bag to get at the letter. But I
have a quirk of what may possibly be called
honor which would let me as readily peep
into a woman’s bedroom as read a letter
that does not concern me.

  And I was intensely interested. Con-
gressman Bryan was no political puppet.
He was a comparatively young man and a

dynamic, hard-fighting, out-spoken fellow,
brilliant and courageous; a man-who seemed
to have arisen by sheer work and brilliancy.
Naturally I admired him. For one thing,
Thrope and his party were against Bryan.

I SHALL not give any particulars of
the political fight, for those details
do not concern the story. It so
chanced that Bryan’s releection to Congress
had recently taken place, but he was willing
to resign and run for governor. The
State needed an honest governor. If
Thrope should be elected, the skull-and-
crossbones might as well have floated from
the flagpole at Sacramento.

  It was to be a hard and bitter campaign.
It always was when Bryan and Thrope
fought. One of the features of the Bryan
workers’ argument had always been the
emphasis laid on the fact that he was a
San Francisco boy orphaned in babyhood,
whose whole life had been lived under the
eyes of San Franciscans who might examine
every feature of it and know that his record
was stainless.

  So I told the purse-snatcher that he was
too drunk to have read straight.

  I thought of returning the letter to Mrs.
Curwen by mail; but, in case the letter did
contain any matter that would trouble her
if she knew it had passed under the eyes of
strangers, she could not be reassured by
anything I might write to accompany the
letter itself.

   So I returned the letter in person.

  The house was a modest, solid little home;
the yard was well kept, the lawn fresh, the
shrubs trimmed, the paint new.

  A young woman, neat and attractive—
that is, intelligent of face as well as pretty,
but with a wilful set to her Ups—opened the
door. She was slender and dark and, I
judged, though nothing of an expert in
matters of the kind, around twenty.

  I asked for Mrs. Curwen and was shown
into a little sun-lighted room.

  Mrs. Curwen came in. My impression
of strangers is always definite; I like them or
I do not.

  The moment I saw her I felt as deep
sympathy for her as I ever felt for any one.
Tragedy was written on her face, and wor-
ries were in her eyes. She had suffered at
sometime or other, and deeply. Her eyes had
the steady, wide-lidded stare of people who
have been forbidden things and kept silent.
6

Adventure

  She was nervous ,and troubled, and I
knew something of what the heavy lines
that fell from her nostrils to the corners of
her mouth meant. The mouth itself was
drawn tightly; the full lips Were thinned by
having been set hard. Yet hers was a
pleasant face lighted from an inner glow
of contentment. I will call it a beautiful
face. All beautiful faces have the mark of
tragedy upon them.

  She was tall, well-poised and, I would
have guessed, somewhere above fifty—ob-
viously the mother of the girl who had
met me at the door.

  “You wish to see me?” she asked.

  I referred at once to a letter addressed to
her that had come to my attention.

  There was no mistaking the importance of
that letter to her. At the first mention she
stiffened as one does to receive a blow. I
may have imagined it, but it seemed to me
that she also assumed, for a second, a grim
reconciliation to the blow that was expected.
It was as if she rather knew blow after
blow of some kind would reach her, and
she had reached the age of passive resistance.

  I then told her precisely what had hap-
pened and extended the letter.

  “I do not know what the letter contains.
I do not wish to know. It has been read
only by a drunken fellow who may believe
he merely dreamed what he read. And I
have brought it in person so that you may
be assured that nobody, except the fellow
mentioned, has meddled with the contents.”
She said nothing for a moment, but
reached out a hand that trembled slightly
and laid it on my arm, and the fingers
closed for an instant in a way deeply ex-
pressive of gratitude.

  Mrs. Curwen looked at me with a kind
of suspended admiration in her eyes and
asked—

  “What did you say your name was?”

  I told her. I had’ not at that time taken
the name of Everhard. My family name is
Richmond. I told her—“Don Richmond.”
Almost incredulously she exclaimed:

 “Don Richmond—you! A mere boy—
and you are the man who struck Jim
Thrope in the face? I—I—have often
wondered about you. A mere boy!”

  My shoulders stiffened a little as I re-
marked that I was twenty-four, and no
doubt my maimer implied that twenty-four
was a full-grown, manly age.

  “I understand,” she said quietly, almost

proudly as if in some way I was closely
related to her, “why this letter has been
returned—unread! And do you know,- I
would doubt almost any other man that
brought it!”

  I looked at her in puzzlement and asked—

  “Do you know me?”

  “Yes—I know that you hit Jim Thrope
in a crowded dance-hall; hit him in the face
before all of his friends. Yes indeed, I
do know you!” And she impulsively caught
my hand into both of hers and pressed it.

  I did not understand.

  With quick, maternal-like half-phrases
she regretted that I was a gambler and
lived such a life.

  “A professional gambler for six years!”
she exclaimed. “I knew you were young—
but so young!”

  She said that she had heard all about the •
affair—more even than was in the papers,
some of which called me a young ruffian
who was boasting he had insulted so dis-
tinguished and honorable a citizen as James
H. Thrope. And one or two of the papers
which told something like the truth colored
it rather highly in my favor because they
happened to be politically opposed to.
Thrope.

  The basic fact, which nobody knew, was
that I hated Thrope instinctively. His
eyes—it is into the eyes that one looks for
an understanding of people—were the in-
solent, lewd, vicious eyes of the bully.

  I never saw him without wanting to.
strike him in the face. Something of what
that meant may be conveyed when I ex-
plain that, in all the troubles I have been
into and got out of, I have never struck a
half-dozen men with my fists.

A NIGHT came when Thrope was
on one of his periodical debauches,
and came into the Empress Dance-
hall, where I chanced to be awaiting an
appointment. He was sober enough, but
this time it would probably not have made
any difference to me if he had been drunk.
A little fool of a dance-hall girl, ambitious
to get attention from so distinguished a
rounder, clutched at his coat.

  He turned, at one glance saw that she was
not pretty, then drove his fist into her face;
and many people laughed. Thrope was
always followed on such occasions by
friends of the kind—by men who would
laugh if a woman’s face ran blood.
Born to be Hanged, But—

7

  I had gone up to him. There was noth-
ing of haste or hurry in my manner. I said
distinctly that perhaps he did not know how
it felt to be struck in the face; then deliber-
ately hit him a back-handed blow squarely
across the mouth. Blood dripped from his
lips.

  I said nothing more. Without turning
my face from him, I pushed a chair out from
behind me and took one backward step so
that my shoulders were against the wall.

I did not care to be shot or slugged from the
rear.

  I heard my name tossed back and forth.
I was pretty well known. There was a
scrambling and stamping as some people
made for places where they thought bullets
would be least likely to hit; and others, full
of gaping curiosity, crowded close behind
Thrope’s back.

  But nothing happened. I mean nothing
of importance. 1 was cursed and threat-
ened. Friends of Thrope’s, who but a
few seconds before had laughed, scowled
and cursed. Bullies usually try to save
their faces by scowls when they are not
ready to venture further.

  Thrope half swung his hand toward his
hip. So far as he could see I was unarmed.
But he did not draw, or try to draw. Per-
haps he had heard—and believed—the
rumor that the reason I had never been
tried for any one of a few little gun-plays,
was because I never made a move until it
became evident that I had to shoot in self-
defense.

  There was perhaps a little truth in that
report, though much exaggeration. In
those days I used a single action .44—two of
them—and I wore a double-breasted coat.
I don’t know whether automatics had been
invented or not; anyway they were not
worth considering.

  The Colt is meant for quick work. They
were worn, diagonally across my stomach
and carried cocked. That helped to culti-
vate in me a slow, deliberate manner and a
certain unbending attitude—much as would
be cultivated in a man who carried dyna-
mite in his pocket. All I needed to do to
shoot quick was to thrust my hand inside
the coat on a level with the stomach—
an entirely unsuspicious movement—and,
half-turning my body to point the gun,
press the trigger.

  Of course I shot through the coat. The
gun was very awkward to carry there, but

the awkwardness had compensations in
dangerous moments. Thrope probably sus-
pected that I would not be unagitated if I
did not feel secure.

  It is fair, perhaps, to say that he may
have believed there were as many friends of
mine as of his in the room; that the insult
had been planned, and that he was in a trap
prepared beforehand. I offer that as an
explanation, for, though Thrope was in-
trinsically a coward, he was proud and high-
tempered, and it hardly seems likely that I
—though even then men of stronger nerves
than Iris hesitated to take up my challenge—1
could have, by mere poise, so humiliatingly
have bluffed him.

  lie cursed in the way of a man who does
not mean to fight, promised me sudden
death at some future time, intimating that
it would not be far distant, either; then
withdrew with his friends, who glowered
over their shoulders.

  The incident attracted much more at-
tention than the mere facts warranted; all,
of course, because James Thrope was a
figure of importance.

  So it was not surprizing that Mrs. Cur-
wen knew of it.

  The surprizing thing was the interest
that this quiet and lovely woman, grayed
and wrinkled, showed in an incident of the
tenderloin.

I SUGGESTED that it was strange
she should have paid so much at-
tention to a mere affair of the un-
derworld.

   “I know of Jim Thrope,” she said.

  But I must pause to tell as nearly as I
can how she said it. Bitterly came the
words, “I know—” then a perceptible
pause. The “of” seemed forced into the
sentence, and “Jim Thorpe” was spoken
almost in a whisper as if, only by overcom-
ing a strong repugnance, could she speak his
name. What that manner of saying “I
know of Jim Thrope” conveyed to me is
obvious.

  “I know of Jim Thrope. I have often
wondered why no man dared to treat him
as he deserves!”

  I assured her that there were many who
dared; that Thrope was by no means re-
garded as the terror she seemed to think.

  She seemed to doubt me.

  When I started to go, her hand again
touched my arm as if to check me.
8

Adventure

  “You will come to see me? To dinner?
Helen and I are alone. We have few
friends.”

  I suggested that she would probably have
still fewer when it became known that she
was friendly with me.

  “You mean Thrope would do something?”

  “I wasn’t thinking of him but of your
respectable neighbors. I am what is some-
times called a ‘habitue of the tenderloin’.”

  She ignored that with a little gesture as
if she knew too much about respectable
people to care what they thought, and asked
me anxiously if Thrope had made trouble
for me since that affair.

  He had not.

  I did not go into details and explain to
her that it was not an easy matter for any-
body to make trouble for me unless they
came to my face. I have known men and
attended the funerals of some of them, who
scorned the cowardly precaution of watch-
ing against shots and blows from the rear.
I am not such a one.

  I am very cautious. The more so be-
cause, though I always have had many
friends, I have never used any of them
as a body-guard. They have helped me
many times. I have called on them often.
What I mean is that I have always gone
through darkened streets alone, if there was
nothing but the suspicion that somebody
might be lying in wait for me. My ears are
keen, my hands are quick and I seldom miss.
And I am never off guard, never to be taken
unawares—if tense watchfulness is a pre-
ventive.

  I have said that Thrope did not make
trouble for me over the episode, then six
months past; but, of course, I had no way
of knowing whether the rooming-house in
which I stayed had been fired because the
incendiary wanted to burn me sleeping, or
some one else in the house; or merely had a
grudge against the proprietor.

  I sleep lightly, too lightly for my own
comfort. A creak, a voice at a distance, a
draft puffing from an opened window,
almost any sort of a noise, makes me at
once alert. I had no way of knowing
whether it was some one who had taken
Thrope’s money or who had mistaken me
for another party, that sprang from a door-
way one night, leaping for my back with an
uplifted knife. Nothing was revealed of
the man’s identity at the inquest, for though
I attended I was not called as a witness.

  The instant I had shot I slipped into the
doorway for a minute, then came out, pre-
tending to be one of the scrambling crowd
attracted by the report; and I did not re-
main long enough to have the police get
mine among the names of those who had
been first arrivals on the scene.

  A few other little incidents of a much
less menacing character than those just
mentioned had happened within the six
months, but I had no way of connecting
them with Thrope.

  So I assured Mrs. Curwen that Thrope
had not, se far as I knew', made trouble.

  She agitatedly assured me that he would.
She begged me to leave the city, for a time
anyway:

  “If he is waiting like that—it means you
won’t have a chance. Please, please, listen
to me. I do know James Thrope! I know
every villainous drop of blood in his body.
He is the vilest man that ever lived! If

that letter had got to his hands-” She

flung her hands up to her face, and did not
finish.

  There were tears in her eyes when her
hands dropped away, but she was more
composed in manner. She said that she
could never, never thank me enough! And
wouldn’t I please come again to see her—
soon?

  She said one thing that stayed with me,
and things of sentiment do not usually re-
main long in my ears—

  “I know Jim Thrope so well that I want
to treat you as my son!”

  “Helen,” she said, calling to the young
girl that came past the door.

  “This is the young man that struck
James Thrope in the mouth!”

  The girl’s dark eyes flashed, and I saw
her body stiffen slightly. She was far
different from the pleasant, smiling girl
who had welcomed me at the door.

  “Oh!” she said, and nothing more. But
she watched me steadily, her face expres-
sionless but hard set; and her eyes burned
strangely.

  It was days before I could get those
people and that visit out of my mind, or
rather into the background of my thoughts.

  There was not only mystery, but mystery
compounded. At the name of Thrope.
Mrs. Curwen had become a woman of
almost tragic intensity. I can not, and
never could, let puzzling circumstances be
forgotten until I have thought them over
Born to be Hanged, But—

9

rom every conceivable angle; and the most
plausible conclusion I could arrive at—
taking the Bryan letter into consideration,
as could not be avoided—was that Mrs.
Curwen had suffered from some unusual
villainy at Thrope’s hands and had con-
fided with Congressman Bryan for what use
he cared to make of it politically.

  Since the pickpocket had mentioned
“dreadful secret” and spoken of blackmail—
though he had been drunk when he read
the letter—I concluded that he had seen
possibilities of extortion from her.

  All that was, in a way, easy enough to
settle. It really troubled my thoughts less
than the continual reappearance of the
dark, pretty girl, who smilingly had met
me at the door, but having spoken only a
monosyllabic “Oh!” stared at me with
enigmatic tenseness while I was leaving.

  I could not imagine what it meant. But
James Thrope was real and omnipresent in
that little home; his personality shadowed
it—and yet, when I had first come in there
had been every indication of happiness.

  I didn't understand. I did not greatly
care to understand, except in so far as I am
annoyed by the incomprehensible. That is
one reason I have taken some pains to keep
out of the way of women, particularly of
young ones. They all have something of
Helen Curwen in them: something enig-
matic, inexplicable, something that may be
taken either as sinister or as worshipful.

  Whether she hated me, or was tense and
inarticulate from gratitude, for having laid
my knuckles in Thrope’s face was something
that could not be distinguished by her
manner. It might have been either. Which-
ever way it was. she was deeply shaken;
and obviously Miss Curwen was a passion-
ate, tense, volatile young woman.

Ill

L' I I WAS soon given some other things
to think about, though in a way these
J too had a bearing on Miss and Mrs.
Curwen.

  Zellers, the pickpocket, more familiarly
known as “Hop”—probably an abbrevia-
tion of “'Hop-Head”—had evidently not
been so drunk as I thought. He had
talked, apparently, a good deal about “his
letter.” He had talked promiscuously.

  The fact that he told contlicling reports,
and elaborated what the letter contained at

every recital, did not at all minimize the
interest his drunken blabbering had stirred
up in a most surprizing fashion.

  I began to have people speak to me about
the letter. Some ventured to intimate that
they would like to read it. Two fellows of
Zellers’ stripe, with himself hanging sheep-
ishly at their coat-tails, came to demand it
of me. It was Zellers’ letter. Not mine.

   I ought to give it up, et cetera, et cetera, to
the point of intimating that I had appro-
priated it for a little personal graft on my own
behalf. For fellows who had put on such an
assertive manner and talked at such length,
they made rather abrupt apologies, and
retired without knowing any more about
the letter than when they came.

  What I thought must certainly be the
climax arrived the day after I had returned
the letter in the presence of a stranger who
introduced himself as Edwin Ellis and
asked for a private conversation. He was
obviously from the other world—the busi-
ness world. He had brains and a knowledge
of men in general, but I fancy that I added
a little to his store of information concern-
ing men in particular.

  Mr. Edwin Ellis was a small man, neat
as a burnished rapier and much like that
most flexible, subtle and sharpest of all
weapons. He opened with commendable
directness, scrutinizing my face with flint-
like gray eyes, and perhaps wondering how
a young man of my age could have the repu-
tation I had.

  “I understand,” he said in a straight
businesslike manner and tone, “that you
have come into possession of a letter from
the office of Congressman Bryan.”

  A pause. His manner was sharply in-
terrogatory. I said nothing.

  “Am I correct?”

  “Go on,” I replied noncommittally.

  “There is no occasion to go on until I
have assurance on that point.”

  “Very well,” I said.

  I was curious, of course. I didn’t want
him to get away without knowing why he
came. But the supreme schooling in Bluff
is had at the green table.

  “You decline to answer yes or no?”

  “I see no reason for answering yes or no
until I understand why you ask.”

  He paused thoughtfully, not once shifting
his eyes from mine. I reflected that he
would have made a fine poker player; but
I guessed that he had probably chosen law.
10

Adventure

It, too, is a fine gape for clever crooks.
An honest lawyer—that is, honest in spirit
rather than merely scrupulously observant
of what is called the “ethics of the pro-
fession—” will, I am sure, become as fa-
miliar with empty pockets as an honest
gambler. He was, I found later, not a
lawyer but a detective, and from the East;
so different from such detectives as I knew
that he had none of their mannerisms.

  Mr. Ellis and I lapsed into silence. We
would probably have remained all through
the afternoon and all night, too, if he had
not at last decided that I did not intend to
say anything more until he advanced the
conversation.

  He did, with customary directness, thus—
“I am prepared to pay you any reason-
able sum you may ask if you place the letter
in my hands.”

  Figuratively, I sat up and took notice.
Actually, I did not let a muscle of face or
finger move.

  “Reasonable?”

  My intonation finished the question,
made it explicit: how much did 'he consider
the maximum of “reasonable”? I was
really anxious to know of how much impor-
tance, measured in terms of money, that let-
ter was considered.

  With the air of a man who thought he was
Iriving home his bargain, he said—

  “Ten thousand!”

  I let a second or two pass, then barely
shook my head, but made no other reply.

  That got under his armor. He ex-
claimed—

  “You’ve read the letter—you know you
can’t possibly get more than that out of
it?”

  “How do you know its contents?” I
isked quickly.

  “I don’t,” he said as quickly. “But I
enow who the concerned parties are, and I
mow what they will pay.”

‘‘Concerned parties—how do you mean?”
“I will mention no names. No names.”
A pause. Then— “But how much will you
take to give the address—the address of
that letter?”

  I wondered whether he was after infor-
mation, after the address on that letter, or
whether he wanted to find out whether or
not I would give it up; or if possibly that it
was a subtle play on his part to get some
reassurance that I did have the letter.
Again he might fear—or hope—that the

letter had got out of my possession with-
out my having noted the address.

  I won’t give further details of the con-
versation. In much the same manner as
already related, I at last succeeded in get-
ting him to offer five hundred dollar^ for the
address, and I declined without comment.

  It must be made plain that this Edwin
Ellis was no ordinary person. He did not
lose his temper, and he was straight busi-
ness all the way; but, having discovered
nothing of value, he prepared to go.

  “Young man,” he said quietly but rather
impressively. “I did not believe a fraction
of what I had heard of you—I made in-
quiries before coming. I have rather al-
tered my opinion. You have brains, you
have nerve and you are stubborn. Of
course, what I want is the letter. But
there is some altruism in my pointing out to
you that any party or parties who are pre-
pared to offer a voluntary blackmail of ten
thousand dollars for the recovery of that let-
ter will not be likely to hesitate at violence.”

  I thanked him, for he had been gentle-
manly about it. But I have heard that as
a child, as a mere baby, the surest way of
getting me to do something was by threaten-
ing to punish me if I did it, which, of course,
is only a kind of legend that my family
kept alive to illustrate a certain stubborn-
ness that has not wholly left me.

  “Will you tell me this,” he asked with a
frank directness that I liked; “how much
more is the other side bidding for that
letter? Maybe I can meet it?”

  I was tempted to tell him that there had
been no other bid; but he would probably
have thought I was lying—and that might
have led to unpleasant complications—so
I kept silent, beyond replying that I could
say nothing.

  The situation had reached the intensity
where I felt it my right to know something
definite about that letter, or at least to
talk it over with Mrs. Curwen.

  I weilt to her home. No one was in.
The neighbors did not know where she was.
She and her daughter had been gone for
some days. It was evident that the de-
parture had been sudden, for the neighbor
on the right declared she and Mrs. Curwen
were “the best of friends,” were always
running in and out of each other’s back
door, that Mrs. Curwen was a lovely wo-
man, and that she had said nothing of
planning to go away.
Born to be Hanged, But—

ii

  So I went my way and wished sincerely
that I had had no scruples about prying
into the content of that letter. I could
have kept silent and lied. I am excellent at
keeping silent, and on crucial occasions I am
not likely to be called a liar—no matter
what I say. I tell the truth more frequently
than is comfortable because I have an aver-
sion to lying: for one thing, I don’t like to
give any man credit for being too formida-
ble for me to dare tell him the truth.

  And then, too, there is something con-
temptible about lying—except when it
becomes magnificent, a thing that can hap-
pen to no man more than once or twice in a
lifetime, and then inevitably in connection
with some woman’s fate.

  A poet, the one poet that I read, has said:

        “If there be trouble to herward,

       And a lie of the blackest can clear—

       Lie—while thy lips can move,

        Or a man is alive to hear.”

  My own regard for women is not that
great; but my admiration for men who
have such a regard for them is excessive.

THOSE remarks have not led me
so far from my story as may appear;
but to get back to that letter:
Zellers waylaid me at every corner and
whined for his letter. I would not explain;
as well have tried to explain to a leech
that it should not suck blood. Naturally
he thought I was playing a lone graft,
and he became something more than
objectionable—a pest.

  He circulated whatever report of me he
felt like among whatever crowd gave him
a drink. I did not greatly care about
that. What people think of me is their
own business, and I seldom interfere except
when they meddle with my business—at
such times I am at pains to correct wrong
impressions of me, for people who judge
me aright do not often try to meddle.

  But when Zellers, accompanied by three
men this time, two of them recognizable
as liegemen of James Thrope, came at me
in a body and tried to talk what they called
“business,” I thought the time had come
to be firm.

  I was told pointedly that Thrope had
“it in for me,” and that of course I knew
what that meant; but that Thrope was
interested in Zellers’ letter, and if I would
give it up, I could name my price.

  I suggested that Mr. Thrope’s interest
could not be so very great, since he had not
come in person; and I said that if I heard
any more about that letter of the same
nature that had been coming back to me
through friends that had listened to Zellers,
I might give it up on the stipulation that
Zellers was permanently silenced—and that
I did not greatly care how!

  The little malevolent rat was thoroughly
frightened. He knew that the methods of
obtaining silence in that quarter of the city
ranged from Chinese hatchet-men to an
overdose of chloral, from a blow in the dark
to being pitched with tied hands and
weighted feet into the bay.

  Thrope’s men made their bid, a some-
what larger one than Mr. Ellis had offered,
so I imagined that, he having failed, men
thought to be more nearly in my class were
delegated to try their persuasive power;
and they retired with somewhat more
direct threats than Mr. Ellis had sug-
gested. I was under the impression that
Ellis himself was a Thrope man.

  Zellers went with them, but he came
furtively to me later in the evening. He
was frightened. He whined as usual about
being a poor fellow who needed a little
honest money, and declared he knew that
I wouldn’t throw over a good friend like
himself.

  According to his interpretation of our
“friendship,” which on my part had never
extended beyond giving him an occasional
dollar or so for drugs and booze, though
he always asked for the money under the
euphemism of “food,” we had been rocked
in the same cradle and maintained a sort
of Damon-Pvthian friendship.

  “Youse ’undn’t trow me over fer dis
bunch o’ graf’ers, ’udju?”

  I suggested that he tell me what was
behind all this effort and rumor about that
letter.

  He didn’t know. He really didn’t. His
memory was none of the best and, having
been drunk at the time of reading it, he
didn’t know what was in the letter; but
his imaginative tongue had overcome that
little handicap until, by his report, the
letter contained enough specific informa-
tion to have convicted Congressman Bryan
of compounded felony and implicated any
number of other persons. He did not
remember the . party to whom the letter
was addressed, but it was a woman and
12

Adventure

there was some kind of an intimate relation
between her and Bryan.

  That information, of course, did much
to explain why such a persistent effort was
being made to get hold of it.

  The report had circulated among the
tenderloin that Zellers had made a lucky
find of “something” on Bryan; the report
had percolated up into the ears of Thrope,
and he would have any day given an arm
to “get something on” Bryan. Political
enemies never were more bitter.

  My interest in the letter dropped to
almost zero when I arrived at that con-
clusion. I told Zellers he had better make
haste to start a contradictory report,
because if the letter was produced Thrope
and his gangsters would probably be
furious to find he had so misled them.

  He was shaken, but wanted to see the
letter. I told him that I had sent it to the
party whose name was on the envelope.
He wanted the name and received the
answer that might be expected.

  So I thought the episode of the letter
was definitely settled.

  Then Mr. Ellis again called on me.

  He laid down ten one thousand dollar
bills, said—

  “There you are, sir,” took up his hat
and started to go without another word.

 But he seemed amused—not amused
exactly, but possessed of a great deal of
knowledge that he didn’t intend to reveal.
It was my turn to ask questions, and I did.
He knew as much about silence and evasive-
ness as I had on the previous occasion.

  “Why the money?”

  “It belongs to you.”

  “Marked?” I asked, eying the bills. An
easy way to get a man into the penitentiary
is by marked bills.

  “Examine them.”

  “You could have kept a record of the
numbers.”

  “Certainly,” he admitted.

  “But why offer this? I told you be-
fore-”

  “I am not offering it. I am leaving it.
The money is yours.”

  It irritates me to be puzzled. I looked
at him for some time and said nothing.
Neither did he. I wasn’t in the mood to
play a waiting game: it was I who wanted
information this time.

  “Tell me something definite—or take
the money.”

  “Certainly,” he said politely, with a
slight, well-mannered trace of amusement.
“The party I represent—though very
severely condemned in certain quarters—
is a man of his word. The letter which
we know to have passed through your hands
has been placed in the hands of the party
to whom it belongs. Hence the price
agreed upon. I would have given it to
you before but I only lately learned all
the facts. I congratulate you, sir, on your
discretion and honesty.”

  With that he went out and left me
standing there, ten thousand dollars on
the table and ten thousand questions
tugging at my thoughts.

IV

SO THE letter had been delivered,
but, I said to myself, the party
who received it had paid the wrong
person. That was something for him to
worry about, not for me.

  Yet Edwin Ellis did not look like the sort
of man who would make mistakes of the
kind.

  I tried to find out something about him,
but he was a stranger in the city. He had
stayed at the Palace, had registered his
address as “city,” and disappeared the day
following his mistake.

  I again tried to locate Mrs. Curwen,
but she had not returned, had not been
heard from.

  There was one way I could probably
find out something. I had thought of it
many times. I had even written and
destroyed one letter to Congressman Bryan,
who had returned and was opening his
campaign in the southern part of the State.
I came near writing another, but decided
that I might as well let the matter drop.

  It was not really a decision so much as
the fact that something else of a different
nature happened which interfered with
my affairs. Some days later I left San
Francisco for a time—took a little trip
toward Honolulu. In fact, I was so anxious
to go that I went on a windjammer. I de-
cided to travel along about midnight and
passed the Golden Gate about dawn.

  I had known ever since the little incident
with Thrope that the police, in their ver-
nacular, wanted to “get something on me.”
It is easy enough for the police to “get
something” on anybody, but they_ had to
Bom to be Hanged, But—

13

get something definite and serious on me
to make a case of it. For though Thrope
was what is known as the “man higher up”
in San Francisco at that time, I was a
member in good standing of the gamblers
who gave the police and the “men higher
up” a large share of their graft.

  It happened that “Spike” Delaney was
what is known as the “boss” of the under-
world; and Delaney was a hard-fisted, in-
dependent fellow who, though hand in
glove with Thrope, yet stood on his own
two feet and could not be worked over
like putty to any purpose that did not
appeal to him.

  Delaney liked me; and Delaney—who
was just about as square as a man of his
position could be; which means little more
than that he was square with the people
he liked—would have thrown a wrench
into the wheels of any ordinary frame-up
designed to stow me in San Quentin.

  I seldom played in tenderloin dives.
There were two or three up-town “clubs,”
known on the q.t. to sporty rich men and
their sons, and especially to tourists, where
I sat in usually.

  And I must pause here to say that I did
not always or even frequently cheat. I
gambled first because I liked it, only
secondarily to make a modest living.
There is no sport in sure-thing gambling;
I mean there is no thrill, none of the thrilling
impact of bluff and luck as one studies the
inscrutable face across the table and
wonders whether to call or raise, or do
neither.

  I must say here, too. though perhaps I
shall not generally be believed, that I
stacked and dealt from the bottom more
times for the benefit of fellows who knew
nothing about how their luck had changed
than ever I did for myself.

  Despite what many wise card players
maintain, a deck can be stacked in the
shuffle—if there are not more than three,
or at the most four, players; but in a half-
dozen riffles of the cards I can put a good
hand at the bottom and deal it at will
though the eyes of twenty men are on me.
There is no way to tell when a good man
is actually dealing from the bottom.

  There is one way to tell when he actually
is not: that is, if he holds the deck, as most
people do—and professional gamblers never,
unless under suspicion—with the forefinger
of the left hand pressed against the front,

and not the side—where the other three
fingers are—of the deck.

  It happened that Delaney one afternoon
asked me to sit in at a certain table in the
back of his saloon. Some friends of his had
told him they were bringing on a “live one”;
and as Delaney’s best houseman was on a
periodical drunk, I was requested to make
sure that the fellow’s fat pocketbook did
not leave with him. Delaney had made
a similar request two or three times before.
It was pretty well known that when the
houseman went on a bat I would take
his place.

  The table was put apart in a little private
room. Two other men, strangers to me,
but O. K.’d by Delaney, sat in the game;
then a fellow, a regular Delaney come-on,
brought in the “live one”— a Mr. Smith,
the name evidently being taken as a con-
venience for a little fling at high life.

IT TOOK me just about three
hands to discover that there were
only two poker players at that
table. Whoever had picked Mr. Smith
for a sucker, a greenhorn, had made a
monumental mistake. I knew it the minute
I saw him pick up the deck. He tried to
be awkward enough in the shuffle, but
the position of his fingers as he dealt made
me cautious about putting much faith
in the three fair queens that came into my
hand.

  He played with that cool, steely quality
that marks the real gambler and can not
be assumed: it comes only after years of
tense play, and to some men not even
then.

  I drew to the three queens, of course,
although it cost a neat little sum, for every-
body was staying. I was presented with
two fives—flip, flip, just like that. Smith
helped himself to three cards. It doesn’t
make any difference what the others
drew.

  A modest bet was made on my right.
It was up to me to call, raise or quit.
I carelessly tossed my hand away—and
caught the expression in Smith’s eyes as
he saw me do it. I had wanted to see his
face—not his hand.

  But I saw the hand anyway. Smith
threw it away—face up—and disclosed a
pair of tens. He had palmed whatever
else had been used to strengthen the hand,
if indeed he had not relied on the fellow
H

Adventure

to his right who took the pot without being
called. I saw Smith, however, dispose
of the palmed cards.

  I did not see the cards, for one never
does when a skilful man has them, but he
casually reached out and touched the dis-
cards, and when the hand was withdrawn
there were three cards, one precisely on
top of the other. Quite good—and inci-
dentally, I made a note for my own future
benefit of the fact that one should never
deposit palmed cards in the discards without
pretending to gather the cards up.

  Nobody would, with their eyes open,
ordinarily go to the trouble of trying to
fleece a professional gambler. But here
was a frame-up of some kind. Had these
men learned that on the day before I had
been given ten thousand dollars? Was
Delaney in on the deal, or had he too been
imposed on. Naturally the situation
prodded my temper.

  The climax was delayed for some time,
but it came in an unexpected flash. I was
dealing: both hands were engaged. Smith
said—

  “You’re dealing from the bottom!”

  And a muzzle of his gun appeared above
the edge of the table.

  As a matter of fact, I had not been dealing
from the bottom. I was caught unpre-
pared. There was nothing to do but sit
motionless, hands across the table, holding
the deck and a card that I had about to
toss.

  “You tin-horn,” he said, “will you leave
town by train or by hearse?”

  I glanced right and left. The three
other men at the table showed no surprize.
They had known what was coming. I
had been caught in a little frame-up. I
guessed that Delaney knew of it and had
insisted that I be given the chance to leave
town.

  There is a peculiar psychology in crooks:
they knew I had not been cheating; they
knew that I knew I had not been cheating;
and yet they pretended to think I had so
as to have an excuse to order me out of
town.

  I did not intend to go. I did not intend
to promise to go. I let the deck slip
quietly, at the same time raising my hands
and sitting back in the chair—straightening
up with hands raised, symbolic of surrender.

  I had never advertized the fact that
I wore a gun across my stomach, for half

the efficacy of the device and position was
in the fact that no one expected it to be
there. But I couldn’t possibly reach for it
while covered. It would have been sheer
idiocy.

  I turned to the come-on who had intro-
duced Smith into the game and said—

  “Search me—so I can drop my hands
and talk.”

  He looked inquiringly at Smith, and
Smith nodded.

  He removed the gun from my hip, ran
his hand all around my trouser’s band and
tapped me right and left under the shoulders
for a shoulder holster. I sat with stomach
drawn in to do something to keep the gun
from accidentally coming in contact with
his fingers. He was satisfied.

  I sat down, lowered my hands and tapped
my fingers, moving them about with nerv-
ous gestures that I did not feel.

  “Now just what is the proposition?” I
asked.

  “A train or hearse—and that goes.”

  His hand lay on the table, circling the
handle of the revolver. A twist of the
wrist and a pressure of the trigger was
all that he need give. He had put the gun
that had been taken from me into his own
holster. It was a good gun.

  Suddenly the table raised up, the round
top like a great buckler cutting me off mo-
mentarily from Smith’s eyes. But he fired
anyway. The bullet splintered through
the top of the table.

  I had had to use both hands to tilt the
table between us. I had had to have a
tenth of a second of safety in which to
reach under the breast of my coat for the
gun. I don’t care how subtle or quick a
man is, he can’t move quicker than the
fellow with the drop can pull a trigger.

  I was afraid to try to slip my hand up
under the coat gradually, for suspicion
might be aroused and another search made.
And it would have been inviting death to
have made an abrupt gesture. And though
it took me longer to heave up that table,
and the gesture was more conspicuous, yet
it was safer.

  Any one who doubts need only sit at a
table and try the two movements. Smith
was used to men reaching for a gun: he
knew what that gesture meant, and the
moment a hand flashed from sight he
would have shot. But he was not used to
tables rising. Both my hands were in
Born to be Hanged, But—	15

sight, the fingers above the edge of the
table—but the thumbs were not. He
hesitated to see what was happening, then
shot—too late.

  When Delaney and some of the people in
the saloon came on the bound, they found
two men facing my gun with hands lifted.

  The man called Smith lay crumpled and
limp on the floor, face down—in a witch's
mirror of blood. Pie was dead.

I WAS cornered. The room had no
windows and but one door. It was
a small room, a poker room, and
the one door was filled. Delaney stood
in it, a gun in either hand and behind him
rank on rank of men—risking their lives for
the chance to crane a neck over the shoulder
of the fellow in front.

  “Spike,” I said, “you’ve trapped me.
Shoot if you want to commit suicide.”

  He might have been able to kill me—but
not before a bullet would have been on its
way toward him.

  He started to speak, but I cut him short.
There was no time to lose. Quickly,
sharply, I told him that if he did not want
to commit suicide to turn around, face the
crowd with leveled guns and clear a way
for me, for I was going to follow him with
a gun pressed against the small of his back.
I let it be known that if anybody made a
move at me, I would get him, Delaney, first.

  Spike Delaney turned his back and filled
the door, and he put a lot of feeling into
the words that he spoke to the crowd.

  But there would be three men behind my
back the moment my face was turned. I
knew they were armed—or at least I never
found out that they were not. There was
no time to search.

  “Down on your knees and face that way,”
I said, indicating the wall.

  They went down and grotesquely as-
sumed an attitude of prayer. Perhaps they
were praying, as cowards do.

  Then I realized that after I took five
steps out into the saloon I would have even
more men behind me, some of whom would
not be cowards.

  “Step slow, Spike, and step carefully,”
I said and pressed my shoulders against
his own.

  One gun, which I had recovered from
Smith, I poked against Delaney’s side; with
the other I kept the people through whom
we passed, not covered exactly, but bluffed.

  Spike was roaring right and left.

  “Can’t you see he’ll kill me if you don’t
get out of the way—get, you-!”

  Spike was eloquent when aroused, but his
words were not choice. People in that part
of the town were used to obeying Spike De-
laney; and, too, none of those around about
appeared to be friends of Smith’s—and it is
only the police who go out of their way to
fight with the victor of a duel. So we got
through to the alley door safely enough.

  “God, that was a clever stunt!” said
Spike when we had cleared the crowd.

  “Drop those guns. Face about.” He
did. “I never thought you would
double-cross me,” I said.

  “I’d ’a’ shot quick,” he said. “You’d
better go through. Keep up the bluff—
tell me to beat it back toward the bar!”

  It dawned 011 me that Spike Delaney
did not know that he lured me into a trap
by asking me to take the place of his house-
man in that poker game, and I understood
why with so much alacrity he had cleared
the way through the crowd for me: he wa?
gladly helping me make a getaway.

  There was 110 time to parley so I sent him
toward the bar and sprang through the
alleyway door and was gone.

  Let some one who knows explain why it
is that a gambler always carries all the
money that he has. I do not know. I
only know that they all do it, and one of the
things I was long in getting used to was a
checking account.

  My bank was my inside vest pocket. If
I happened to be pretty well capitalized,
I used both vest pockets and the hip. All
the money that I had was on me; and when
one is departing in a hurry that is the mnin
thing—money.

  I knew that I had to keep out of sight
for a while. The three witnesses had been
there ready to have sworn that Smith
murdered me in self-defense; and they
would as readily declare that I had shot him
when he wasn’t looking. Such evidence
would have convicted a more innocent
man than myself, a man with less powerful
enmity directed at him from James Thrope.

  Delaney’s friendship was valuable, but
he could not without trouble for himself
have bucked a combination such as I was
up against. Besides, his regard for me wras
one only of friendship; his relation with
Thrope and the police and judges was one
of business.
i6

Adventure

  When I was younger even than at that
time, I used to vow that I would never run,
never be a fugitive. I swore to stand and
see it through—“it” being anything that
might happen. But I have run frequently,
far and fast. I ran that night—figuratively,
of course, for nothing would so readily
have started pursuit as for me to have been
seen flying along.

I WENT down to the water-front
and poked about cautiously. I
did not want to be seen, that is to
be noticed particularly, for I knew Thrope
would urge the police to “do their duty”
when he heard of what had happened.
But I was not without a few friends scat-
tered through the water-front saloons.

  I have friends everywhere—I have always
had them every place. That does not mean
I am such a person as people are eager to
know and help, though outside of my own
family very few people have been ashamed
to have their names linked with mine; but
I like friends, particularly I like the so-
called outcasts, who are the best and most
loyal friends.

  And I try never to refuse any man a favor
so long as he is not up to some sort of
deviltry that even my slack code occasion-
ally, but at such tunes rigidly, refuses to
countenance. I was young in those days,
and youth likes vivid phrases; so I told
myself that all of us, gamblers, crooks of
one kind and another, belonged to the
Legion of the Damned—and should go to
-together.

  I have recovered a little from such
imaginative crudities; but in doing so
I have lost something irrecoverable of
the zest of life. This flickering of remi-
niscence is intended to throw a little light
on the fact that the reason I hovered watch-
fully that night at the rear of the Ship
Saloon was because the bartender then on
watch—as I could see by peeping through
the door—was one Sam Tyler.

  Sam Tyler was a sailorman, who, recover-
ing consciousness after a free-for-all in
Delaney’s saloon, found himself not only
empty of pockets, but with a cracked head
and broken thigh. And because Sam
Tyler, who was a stranger to me, had pro-
voked the fight, taken on all-comers, fought
a good fight and gone down without a
murmur to accept the savage punishment
that befalls the vanquished in a bar-room

brawl, he went to the hospital—into
private room—and I paid the bill.

  His sheepish explanation, made from lips
barely visible amid a swathing of bandages
had been that he always ended a jag with
a fight. But his forecastle days were over
the doctors said the thigh would always
be stiff and likely to cause pain.

  So he had settled down to the com-
parative quiet of night bartender at the
Ship Saloon, where he could get all the sea-
news and keep in touch with old friends;
among whom, though I knew less of sailing
than a farm hand, he included me.

  Three men were at the bar drinking and
talking. It took me some time to attract
Sam’s attention, but I was cautious because
I did not want him to be embarrassed the
next day when the police came asking after
a man of my description, if witnesses should
happen to be around to call him a liar in
case he denied having seen me.

  When Sam found, out whb it was and
got a suspicion of wny 1 was there, he set
a bottle of whisky on the bar, told his cus-
tomers to help themselves and keep tab—
the last as a perfunctory concession to his
duty—and came to the alley, standing in
the half-closed door.

  I told him that I thought I needed a little
sea air.

  He told me that the Eliza Jane had
cleared the day before for Sydney; he could
have put me on to her and no questions
asked. The Northern Belle was due in
ten days, and he and her skipper were old
friends.

  In my impatience, it seemed that he
mentioned every ship that had ever been
sent down the ways to a baptism of salt
spray; it seemed that he knew ali about
her movements and the personnel of her
crew, who her skipper was and his char-
acter, whether or not one could offer him
money for a “safe” passage. Such a pro-
fusion of sea gossip was maddening—al-
though I kept an attentive pose. I didn’t
understand what it meant. I did not
realize that he was talking of his great
passion, the sea and her ships—the strong
passion of strong men: stronger than love
of women, for sailors leave women in every
port to sing the ho-heave-ho of the creaking
capstan.

  At last he thought of what a normal man
would have thought of the first thing.
Two of the three men in there drinking at
Born to be Hanged, But—

the bar at that moment were off the Jessie
Darling—the mate and second officer they
were, and waiting then for the captain.
The Jessie Darling left at dawn. She was
short-handed.

  I protested. I have an aversion to un-
necessary manual labor; and I have found
very little of it that ever appealed to me as
necessary.

  The Jessie Darling was a little schooner
recently out of copra trade in the South
Seas, more recently refitted and dressed,
and—well, he gave the history of the
Jessie Darling, but he was rather in ig-
norance as to her future. He didn’t know
who owned her. The mate did, but the
mate had looked wise and said it was secret.
Perhaps he did not know. Ships with
secrets are fine for trouble, was the infor-
mation Sam gave me with a sigh as if he
had remembered a childhood sweetheart.

  He swore abruptly, jerked off his white
apron, flung it down and declared:

 “I’m goin’ with you! To-with me

spliced leg!”

  My bump of caution is enormous. It
always has been large. A hard blow over
the head will raise a bump and I had got
some buffetings that made caution promi-
nent in my life. Sam was for rushing in
with arms wide-flung and announcing that
we had decided to throw in our fortunes
with the Jessie Darling. However, he
merely introduced me as a friend and took
it for granted that I would soon come into
the conversation.

  They plainly had no wish to cultivate
my acquaintance: a condition that I sensed
at once and respected. Besides they were
all a little drunk. Moreover, as they were
waiting for the captain, I thought I might
as well wait too and make my proposition
directly to him.

  They talked and drank. I leaned over
the bar, sipping a glass filled from the pro-
prietor’s own private bottle—of tea—and
let Sam talk while I listened to them. I
was tempted into this because they so
many times dropped their voices into fur-
tive, loud whispers, and did so no doubt un-
der the impression that they were concealing
what they had to say from prying ears.

  Caution and suspicion are two very im-
portant characteristics in my make-up.
So when I chanced to hear the phrase

“- old hypocrite” used in a way that

seemed to refer to the captain, and im-

2

mediately followed by a prophecy that
he would be “shown,” I began to pay very
close attention, indeed, to the two mates
and the third party to whom they paid a
certain deference.

  I gathered a number of things; among
which that the Jessie Darling was likely
to steer another course than that intended
by the owner—who was also to be shown a
thing or two. Just what the nature of the
revelation would be I could not surmise
from what was said.

  However, it seemed that the Jessie Dar-
ling was being much sought after for
passenger purposes—the third man, called
Tom by the mates, was also waiting to make
terms for passage with the captain. The
mates were the ordinary tough-fibered, big
breasted men of the sea, neither of them,
I judged, under thirty-five.

  The captain came in. He was a tall
saturnine fellow, with deep-set eyes and a
prominent nose and huge fists. He was a
sea-going man all right: grizzled, furrowed,
and hard.

PTHE atmosphere was chilled the
moment he came through the door.
The look in his eyes did it, the look
he fastened on the three men as he came up.

  “Mr. Swanson,” he said frigidly, “why
aren’t you on board?”

  The mate replied that it was all right,
that the owner himself was on board and
had him to come ashore on an errand.
With a drunken snicker he added—

  “He’s got his girl with him.”

  The captain was plainly infuriated, but
he kept very quiet. Only his eyes told
the story as he turned toward the bar
and asked for a drink. Swanson asked him
to drink with them, but the captain coldly
declined.

  “Mr.Thompson—fren’ o’ mine—doctor—
for his health ’d like passage,” said Mr.
Swanson, laboring with an introduction
and embarrassed by something more than
whisky.

  I remember having heard some place—
my knowledge of the sea and its ways is
vague—that the mate, though under the
direction of the captain, is responsible only
to the owner, and that a captain can not
dismiss a mate as he can any other member
of the crew. Obviously the captain dis-
liked the mate, and I suppose some strong
influence kept him from summarily ridding
i8

Adventure

himself of Swanson. As it was the captain
said briefly and with decision—

   “No passengers.”

   That was not pleasing to me.

   Sam Tyler began to talk. He rambled
 on: said he used to be a sailor and was
 tired of dust and noise. Why, it wouldn't
 take two cents for him to throw his apron
 off and go to sea again! The captain asked
 a few questions, a few quick nautical ques-
 tions—but I did 1101 listen further.

   Behind my back I was hearing Swanson
 whisper:

   “You come out between three an’ four.
 I’ll have somebody on the lookout an’ stow
 you away. An’ after we get two days

out-” The mate gave the captain a

 look that indicated the events two days
 later would be highly disadvantageous to
 the captain.

   “I’ll be there,” said Thompson.

   He left.

   The captain was saying to Sam:

   “If you want to go as a boy all right.
 If you are A. B. so much the better. I’ll
 give you the rale soon as you make it.”

   They left, and left me talking with the
 proprietor, who grumbled and roared and
 drank something stronger than tea, because
 he had been awakened from sleep to come
 down and fill the place of the bartender
 who had gone a-rambling.

   In saying good-by to Sam I managed to
 tell him that he would probably see me
 later, but for liim to keep his eyes and ears
 open and his mouth shut.

   I talked with the proprietor. I let him
 think that I was going across to Oakland
 and from there in an auto toward Los
 Angeles. I dropped this information calcu-
 latinglv, as if with no intention of letting
 him divine what I had in mind.

   Then I went to the pier from which I
 heard Thompson say he would leave at
 three o’clock.

   I waited some time. A figure moved
 into the shadows, detached itself presently
 from the gloom, and Thompson looked into
 the muzzle of a gun, gasped and raised his
 hands with that suddenness which shows
 good judgment on the part of a victim.

   Then I backed him into the shadows for a
 little talk.

   Captain Whibley, I told him, was perhaps
 *not such a fool as he appeared; and since
 Captain Whibley did not care to have him
 on the Jessie Darling it would perhaps be

well to explain to me—to convince me
why I should disobey the captain’s wish
in the matter and let him get on board.

  I don’t know why it is that men, always
when in a position similar to that in which
Thompson found himself, say the first
thing—

  “Who are you?”

  I explained—briefly—that 1 had net
taken the trouble of meeting him to give
information, but to get il.

 “That - - - Swanson’s give

me the double-cross!”

  “Don’t be so quick to suspect Swanson,’

I told him. “You both made the mistake
of not taking Captain Whibley into your
confidence."

  To make a short interview still shorter
I may say I found out the day of mutiny
and piracy and treasure-trove searching
was not entirely vanished from the sea
Thompson knew, or said he did—had maps
anyway—where there was a pirate cache
on one of the Ladrones. His idea was
with the connivance of mates and crev.
to take the Jessie Darling and find the loot
a hundred or so years old.

  Hunting for gold on a desert island
never appealed to me as an enticing pastime.
I have gone on a treasure hunt or two, but
I didn’t intend to go on the Jessie Darling.
It was one thing to be dodging the San
Francisco police for a justifiable homicide
it was quite another to be dodging the
maritime police of all nations for mutiny
and piracy.

  There was no doubt about the proposed
mutiny succeeding; two mates, and si.\
of the ten members of the short-handed
crew were already acquainted with the plot.

  I perhaps could have won the gratitude
of Captain Whibley by acquainting him
with the facts; but conspiring seamen are
good liars, and I had nothing to prove
my tale but a few pocket-worn charts which
I removed from Thompson. Besides, atten-
tion would be attracted to my own identity
before the Jessie Darling cleared the bay.

  Once the police had their hands on me
I would be in for a trial. From the lofty
heights of his bossdom, Thrope would put
on the pressure and if I escaped with a life
sentence I would be lucky. Spike Delaney
could do much. I did not know how much.

  I did not know how much he would even
be willing to try to do, for his business was
so intertwined with the police graft and so
Born to be Hanged, But—

19

subject to Thrope’s approval that friend-
ship would not be likely to count. I pre-
ferred to go to sea. Having got to sea, then
I could meet the situations as they de-
veloped.

  So, as often in complications of the
kind, I bluffed. It was easy. Thompson
thought Captain Whibley knew all about
the conspiracy. The Jessie Darling was
sailing before sunrise.

  I took possession of the maps and told
Thompson it was lucky for him that
Captain Whibley was so anxious to sail
that he did not stay even one day over to
prefer charges against him. With that I
let Thompson go on his way—never to be
heard from again in my affairs—and I
found a launch and was taken out to the
ship.

  The launch man did not want to put out
his lights and shut off his engine as he
approached the Jessie Darling, but a little
money is very persuasive.

  As we came alongside a low voice hailed
us—

  “Mr. Thompson.”

  “Righto,” I answered.

  I had a speech ready in case the lookout
knew Thompson, but he didn’t; that was
obvious by the way he took it for granted
that I was he.

  “Where’s Swanson?” I asked.

  “Sleepin’ it off. He an’ the old man
had words. Y’see, the owner’s aboard—
with his girl. Swanson’ll see you in the
mornin’.”

  The man led me down to a stuffy little
hole. I found out afterward that it was
the steward’s room, but the Chinese
steward slept in the galley with the Chinese
cook. Two Chinamen can sleep in a
match-box and have plenty of room left.

  The man left me, saying he “guessed he’d
turn in.”

  His back was scarcely turned before
a low knock at the door set me tense. I
had hoped for an hour or so respite
anyway.

  I opened the door, and Sam Tyler limped
in grinning.

  Tyler—again at sea—had been too happy
to sleep, and besides he wanted to see if
I made it on board. So he had sprawled
under a boat to soak in the watery air and
watch.

  I made my story brief and complete.
It was the truth, clear down to the shooting

 of Smith and the need to go on the trip.
 I had only told Sam before that there had
 been “trouble” and I needed rest.

 He whistled softly and grinned.

 “This is goin’ to be good,” was his
 comment.

 “Who owns this schooner?” I asked.

 He said that he did not know. He had
 asked, but none of the men seemed to know.

 He had heard, too, that the owner was
 on board with “his girl.”

 “His daughter?” I inquired.

 “Don’t know—maybe somebody else’s
 daughter. Usually is on mystery ships.
 What’re we goin’ do?”

 “Sleep,” I told him.

V

 I DID not sleep late, but I lay in the
 bunk long after I had dressed. I
 had nothing to do but think, and I
 let thoughts come and go as it pleased
 them.

 The bustling around, the shouting and
 clamor, the creak of the donkey-engine
 and the gentle sway of the moving ship
 pleased me: we were under weigh.

 A Chinaman, a Cantonese, came down
 with coffee and rice about nine o’clock.

 “What is your name?” I asked.

 He shook his head slightly, but there
 was no expression on his face: a rather old
 empty face, and a Chinaman’s face can be
 blank and empty as the inside of a scooped
 cantaloup.

 “You arc the steward?”

 He nodded slightly.

 “I may want to use your room for some
 time. Here.”

 I offered him a bit of money.

 He took it as one takes his dues, and
 without comment, without expression.

 “Can’t you talk?”

 He looked at me hard for some seconds
 and turned away and went out, saying
 nothing.

 It is very easy to offend a Chinaman;
 but it is not easy to offend one to such an
 extent that he will show that he has been
 offended—until some time later when a
 hatchet or a knife acquaints one with the
 fact.

 I had always kept out of trouble with th(
 Chinamen, which was the more unusual be
 cause I knew many of them and was closi,
 friends with seven or eight. They are—'
20

Adventure

 without exception—the cleverest gamblers
 in the world, anti though this is largely
 due to the fact that they are the most
 crooked, they have the qualities of poise
 and bluff but, excepting the Cantonese,
 are not particularly distinguished for what
 in the Occident is regarded as courage.

  They prefer to meet a man from behind
rather than to his face: a Saxon doesn’t feel
that he has paid an enemy unless that
enemy knows who has struck him to death;
but a Chinaman’s soul, and the soul of
almost any Oriental, is satisfied with poison
or a blow from the dark.

  About noon Swanson came down.

  I don’t know what he was intending to
say, but I imagine something indicative
of surprize. He got his surprize from
another angle.

  In about twenty words I gave him a
calling down that he could not soon forget,
pointing out that he was a fine fellow to
put any faith in—to go to bed drunk when
important work was to be done. Why had
he not been on deck to meet Thompson
and me when we came? Why had he
waited until half the day was gone before
coming near me? A fine fellow to have to
trust!

  Where was Thompson?

  If he, Swanson, had not been drunk
and asleep when we came he might have
learned.

  Yes, I was the man that had loafed
around in the Ship’s bar. I was also the
man who was a friend of the bartender’s.
I was the man who had “something on”
Thompson; and I had impressed upon
Thompson the need of taking me into the
game. Swanson was invited to notice
that Sam Tvler was on board; and he was
invited to consider the matter of going
on with the game under the new deal or
trying to get out and save his own hide,
jn which case he would probably share
the fate of the captain of whom we mu-
tineers would soon dispose.

  The lookout had not told him Thompson
came with me?

  Of course, the lookout hadn’t. The
lookout knew nothing: he had said the
mate was asleep, and I had known that
meant in a drunken sleep, so the launch
had gone back without Thompson coming
on deck. Thompson did not intend to
come on deck anyway: he would have
explained from the launch.

  The mate was mystified: but when I
showed the maps, he realized that I had
got pretty close into the confidence of
Thompson; and if I had not intended to
go on with the plot, why had I not carried
my story straight to the captain?

  My procedure was a bit irregular, but
effective. He was nervous, uneasy, but
convinced. Besides, Swanson hated the
captain.

  What about Thompson?

  I suggested that Thompson had seen fit
to sell out his interest in the plan to me;
that certain persuasions had been made
which appealed to Thompson as irresistible;
that whenever I saw a good thing, I natu-
rally wanted to share.

  “Is it or is it not a go?” I demanded.

  He seemed to think I had the cards
pretty well stacked; besides he wanted
to even a grudge against the captain, and
he believed in the map. A sailor always
believes in a treasure-lrove map. This
one may liave been genuine for all that
I know.

  It was never used. So, all things con-
sidered, and perhaps convinced that I would
be as firm a leader as Thompson, he declared
that it was “a go,” and offered his hand.

  I ignored the hand and told him that
he had better walk a straight line. That
made him angry, of course. But I had a
better card up my sleeve than he suspected
to keep him from trying to do away with
me and getting the maps.

  “Look here,” I said. “I know what is
going on inside your head. Here are the
maps—three of them. I have copies. I
have concealed them. When you find
them—the copies—it will be time to slug
me over the head and drop me over the side.
But not before. Remember, the copies—
very accurately made—are all that is left.”

  With that I struck a match and burned
the maps under his nose, while his mouth
hung agape.

  “There are a half-dozen desperate fel-
lows,” I explained lest his slow brain did not
fully appreciate the peril in which I had
placed him, “enlisted by Thompson on
this boat. They expect to go after gold.
The ship can’t be worked without them.
You arc their ringleader. If they find out
you can’t produce the maps, your life won’t
be worth a salted herring—and you can’t
produce the maps if anything should
happen to me. That’s all.”
Born to be Hanged, But—

21

  I deliberately turned my back that he
might see how little I cared for the boiling
anger that reddened his face and heaved
his chest. I don’t think he noticed that
I could watch him very well out of the
corners of my eyes in the' small mirror
that hung on the bulkhead.

  As I have said, I am very cautious.
When I seem to be taking a chance I am
usually playing safe—dealing from the
bottom of the deck.

  He contained his anger and went out.
I supposed he wished my soul on the
toasting fork of his satanic majesty’s chief
cook, but Mr. Swanson had given himself
a little lesson in self-control. Perhaps he
did not play poker, except in the crude
draw-and-bet manner of the win-or-be-
broken gambler, and so urffierstood nothing
of the refinements of bluff.

THE Chinese steward brought me
something for dinner. Withered
and wise and rather old he was.
And I imperturbably tried further con-
versation with him, and received no
answer. He watched me with a steady
scrutiny not at all reassuring—but one
can’t tell what is reassuring, or ominous,
in a Chinaman.

  By night my hole had become unbearably
wearisome.

  The Chinaman visited me again. But
I paid no attention to him. But he seemed
to me to hesitate, to linger. However, he
did nothing, said nothing, and went away.

  I waited until it was dark, then went
on deck to stretch my legs. I was of the
opinion that I had been a little impetuous
in coming on board the Jessie Darling.
The situation was by no means clear, the
future not reassuring. It would be wrong
to suggest that I was afraid.

  When I get into a fix from which my wit
and guns can not extricate me, then it
is time to die—and as long as I am not shot
from behind, my ghost will hold no grudge
against the man that sends me across the
Border. I was not afraid, but the need
for having left San Francisco did not seem
so pressing a score of leagues from the
Golden Gate on a ship pledged to mutiny.

  It was no easy matter to stretch my legs
for the moon was bright and dodged in
and out among the clouds in a way that
annoyed me. I had not yet got what
sailormen call my bearings. The moon

made little difference in that though. I
knew nothing of ships. I did not leam
much about the Jessie Darling either. I
was kept too busy.

  As I stood identifying myself as much as
possible with a mast shadow, I heard voices,
excited voices, aft, then a pattering of feet.
A figure scooted by me and shouted down a
doorway:

  “Turn out an’ search the ship. Woman
hid—or overboard.”

  I had been given to understand the ship
was short-handed. It seemed overcrowded
to me. Voices, harsh laughter and harder
jokes, rose in every direction; figures
scampered by, some with lanterns; calls
rang to and fro. From the poop-deck
I could hear the voice of Captain Whibley.
Questions and answers and directions—
and jokes—all around. And reports. A
man came by and Hashed a lantern in my
face; it was the man who had been de-
tailed by Swanson to let me—or rather
Thompson—on board.

  I made inquiries.

  He said she rriust have jumped over-
board. Sam Tyler had been at the wheel
and said he saw her come up and go down
amidships. Later he heard a splash—
thought he did. Listened, but there was no
outcry. Looked, but saw nothing. Sup-
posed maybe it was only a porpoise or
something. Must have been her. Ship
was searched high and low. No trace.
Old Man was furious—the captain, that is.

  Was having words with the owner.
Cussin’ him out. Old Man could cuss
some, he could. Seems like she wasn’t

the owner’s daughter, but- And wasn’t

that kind of a woman after all. Seemed
like she’d been half-drunk or something
when she come on board. And sick. Saw
what she was into—and jumped.

  “Who is the owner?”

  “Don’t know, sir. Ain’t the owner after
all. Old Man—1 heard him—says, ‘You’re

a - liar. This boat is owned by John

Collins.’ They cussed back and forth.
Owner a big man with—” the seaman
swiped his cheeks to indicate a beard, and
added, “black.” _

  I was hot with anger, but I couldn’t
help anything. I could do nothing. I let
women strictly alone because—well, I like
them when they are not interfering with
me, when they are at a distance, on other
men’s arms. But I don’t like to know of
22

Adventure

their being mistreated. I am cruel and at
times cold-blooded, but I don’t' want to
see anybody cruel to women, children or
dogs. I was never put to the test, but I
believe that I could without troublesome
regret shoot a man who beat a dog.

  I know I would if it was a stray that had
ever poked its nose into my hand. And
dogs are third on the list—though perhaps
children are first—of the things it is not
wise to abuse if my gun is not empty. In
fact, I might be tempted in that case to
overcome a strong aversion to using my
fists on somebody’s face.

  I reflected that it was perhaps well that
I had been on deck when the search was
made. Somebody might have found me
in the steward's hole—though I later heard
that the steward had made his own report,
and reported nothing.

  I judged that I had better get out of the
way in case somebody might take enough
interest in my presence to carry a tale to
the captain; though, I understood later,
most of the crew knew I had taken Thomp-
son’s place.

  I went to the hole. It was dark. I
struck a match and lighted the lantern.
It was a cubbyhole of a place. The bunk
occupied almost a half of it. The lantern
was smoky and dim, and flickered. I stood
for a moment listening at the door. There
was nothing to attract attention.

  I closed the door and sat down and for a
moment, rather fascinated, watched the
lantern. It was spluttering away as if
embarrassed. I loosed my shoes and
placed them carefully by the chair. I am
methodical. I removed my collar and tie
and reached forward to the little shelf
under the lantern. I unbuttoned my vest—
and stopped.

  There was some kind of a noise—only
it wasn’t loud enough to be a noise. My
muscles became tense and the cold, rigidly
icy contraction that always grips my body
at the first whisper of alarm, and makes
me appear so nerveless and calm, took hold
of me.

“YOU can’t stay here! Please.
I’m here!”

I jerked my head back over my
shoulder. A woman’s face peered up out
of the shadows from under the covers of my
bunk.

  I turned around in my chair and looked

at her. I could not see her face very
clearly. I said nothing for a few moments
What is there one can say in a situation
of the kind? I could not gallantly offer
to withdraw myself. I had no place else
to go on the ship. I had as good reasons
as she for wishing to keep out of sight.
So I looked hard and long and my eyes
cleared a little and became accustomed to
darkness.

  She was in that bunk with the covers
so ingeniously arranged that it would
have taken more than a casual glance to
tell that anybody was in it. There was
no outline of the body visible. The covers
had been drawn and bolstered evenly.
Only her face showed and she only just
before had drawn the cover from over it.
Obviously she • could not have made so
ingenious arrangement of them herself—
even if she had blundered accidentally into
the room.

  “Who put you there?’’ I asked.

  “The steward.”

  “That Chinaman?”

  “Yes.”

  There is no telling anything about a
Chinaman.

  A pause. I looked at her hard. My
back was against the light—what there was
of it. At last I was convinced. So I
said—

  “Well, Miss Curwen, how did you come
to be on the Jessie Darling?”

  She flung off the covers and sat upright,
agitated, partly frightened:

  “Then you are that man! I thought so—
but—but you are in jail!’’

  “Let us not get excited,” I said sooth-
ingly—or tried to say it soothingly. ’You’re
supposed to be overboard and 1 seem sup-
posed to be in jail. How do vou account
for it?”

  She told mev

  I have found that it is usually wisest
to show surprize when you don’t feel it;
to pretend ignorance when you haven't it—
and the reverse, too. So I did not seem
surprised or appear to have heard anything
not already very well known to me.

  Miss Helen Curwen was of the slim dark
type that are full of passions and wilfulness.

  All women like to do things they have
no business to do; but not all of them lack
discretion, or, as a woman might call it if
she is one of the kind that does do those
things, the courage. The average woman
Born to be Hanged, But—

2 3

feels that the world is cheating her: being
filled with infinitely more desires, dreams,
or whatever her urgent restlessness may be
called, than can ever be gratified, she lives
under a continual sense of repression—
until at such a time as with a kind of
volcanic folly she breaks loose.

  The breaking loose may take the form
of tearing up a dress that she really likes,
of throwing a scalding coffee pot at her
husband’s head, or of throwing herself at
some man mother and friends have warned
her against. Incidentally, a sure way
to make a normal girl interested in, if not
in love with, a man—if he has any per-
sonality, good looks or suavity at all—is
to try to tell her that he is “dangerous,”
color his reputation with black, call him
those names that are sufficient to make him
an outcast from society.

  Let those who willingly make a study of
the sex explain, if they can, why this is so.
All, or at least most, of my experiences with
women have been against my will. My
knowledge of them has usually come from
some such inescapable contact as discover-
ing one of them ensconced in my bed, from
which—as in this case literally, and in
others figuratively, so to speak—they poke
their heads to order me out of my own
room.

  In this case I went promptly, having
found out some things of a really surprizing
nature.

  I went to the galley and roused the
steward.

  He looked at me steadily, quietly, but
said nothing. He made no reply to my
demand to know why he had stowed the
woman in my bunk; and I am sure that
he did not smile, though there were so
many wrinkles in his face that I could
not be positive about this. He said
nothing.

  I told him what I wanted and, without
suggesting a threatening manner, conveyed
to him that an easy way out would be to do
it. I do not believe it is ever wise to
threaten a Chinaman. Kill him if the
situation requires—but threaten, no. His
duplicity is so subterranean that he doesn’t
seem to hear the threat at all, though he
is likely to accept it as a challenge to mortal
combat and win by poison subsequently
delivered with the humblest of smiles.

  If he is a Cantonese he is more likely
to use a dagger, gently slipping it between

your ribs while you look upward to some
spot on the ceiling, or to some cloud effect,
that his esthetic perception points out.
I am not, certainly not, a coward, but
I never felt comfortable with strange
Chinamen or any women.

  He said nothing, but when I had finished
he bowed and led the way.

  I followed.

  He indicated a door, stepped back and
hesitated.

  I made a gesture of dismissal and added
a whispered—

  “Thank you.”

  Gently, as gently as if screwing the lid
from an infernal machine, I tried the door.
It was not locked.

  Cautiously, slowly, soundlessly, I opened
it; inch by inch, imperceptibly, I opened it.
And when it was wide open I stood in
the doorway and waited—waited for the
man who sat in a kind of heavy resignation,
his face down, his arm thrown back over
the chair and a tall, half-emptied glass of
whisky in his hand, to look up.

  He did.

I LIKE to make dramatic entrances
when the opportunity affords. I
like it for two reasons: one is that
perhaps I am by nature a little theatrical,
though certainly not melodramatic—there
can’t be melodrama anyway, without love
of woman; the other and more sensible
reason is that such an entrance is almost
like a terrific nerve-bomb for the other
person.

  “My-!” he muttered, every muscle

frozen in fright, his mouth open, his eyes
staring in widened horror.

  I said nothing.

  The light was good, but an oil light, and
with the shadows of the passageway behind
me perhaps I did take on a rather spectral
effect in his crazed brain. The ship, a
wooden ship, with long steady rolls veered
from side to side, groaning and creaking
as if built of dead men’s bones.

  He swerved abruptly around in his chair,
dropping unnoticingly the glass, which fell
and splintered, and continued to stare
at me.

  He passed his hands over his eyes to
wipe out the vision, but flesh and blood
like mine doesn’t vanish so easily.

  “You!” he said at last in something be-
tween a hiss and prayer.
24

Adventure

   “Yes, Thrope, you’ve guessed it,” I said,
stepping inside and closing the door without
taking my eyes from him.

  Perhaps he wanted to fight, but he is
not greatly to be blamed for not attempting
it. I offered no menace, cxcept such
menace as he may have read in my face;
but if he read anything there his eyes were
better than my effort to show no expression,
unless an inscrutable lack of feeling and
purpose may in itself be called an ex-
pression. The tips of my fingers were in
the side pockets of my coat; there was no
threat in face or manner.

  “You, you were—arrested?”

   He half asked it, half declared it; that is,
he was having difficulty in reconciling the
conflicting evidence between his ears and
his eyes, between what he seemed to have
heard and what he seemed now to see.

  “Arrested? What for?” I asked inno-
cently.

  “They told me they had you—or would

have—or-”

  Then suddenly, anxious to charge me
with a great crime—

  “You killed a man!”

  “Oh, did I? Thrope, you seem to have
me mixed with some one else.”

  I was not playing; I was tormenting him.
The realities of the world, the things one
knows and has heard, on land, take on
almost misty distance, a sort of nebulous
mirage, if their existence is contradicted
at night in mid-ocean, when the slu'p is
devoid of human sounds; particularly when
the ship groans and wails—and a woman
has just flung herself overboard or, which
is just as effective, is thought to have
done so.

  “You did!” he shouted at me, saying
it loudly to convince himself. “You killed
Smith. Delaney was crazy because—be-
cause—” His voice trailed off indecisive-
ly. Then, strengthened by a new idea, he
added—“Because it happened at his place!”

  I understood. Thrope did not want me
to know that Delaney was indignant,
furious, because a frame-up had been
planted against me—and especially so be-
cause it had been pulled off in his place.

  No Thrope would not want me to know
that. He would not want to believe it
himself. Delaney was a power, a political
power. He led the underworld to the polls.
It was Delaney who knew best how to
stuff and steal in a doubtful election, and

Thrope was anxious to be governor. He
would not want Delaney to be angry, even
though he could shake much of the profit
out of Delaney’s business and graft. Still
who could handle votes like Delaney?

  If I had known precisely, as I did then
where Delaney stood and how angry he
was at the frame-up, I might have lain low
and remained in San Francisco, not putting
much faith in Delaney, but, so to speak,
less distrust. But that was all behind me.
Thrope and I were together on the high
seas.

  I looked the cabin over admiringly. It
was capacious and beautifully furnished.
So the Jessie Darling was something of a
pleasure yacht.

  A bottle of whisky and a piece of paper
were on the table at which Thrope sat.

  “How did you get here?” he demanded.
Then quickly—“Won’t you have a drink?”

  I read his thoughts—not his thought
either, but his intonations and expressions—
as plainly as if he had put them into precise
words. Between asking how I got there,
and the proffer of a glass of whisky, it had
occurred to him that if deftly managed
I could be arrested on the ship, stowed away
and carried back to stand trial.

  The main thing, of course, in his mind
was to keep me from shooting before help
could arrive. I think that he was almost
beginning to believe that fortune had played
into his hands.

  As he turned to pour out whisky for me
his eye fell on the piece of folded paper.
With a movement intended to be un-
obstrusive he placed his hand over it and
with a very awkward effort at doing nothing
suspicious was earn ing it to his pocket.

  “Something I would be interested in?’

I inquired innocently.

  “What?” And again and blusteringly,
as he rammed it into his pocket—“What!”

  Thrope was given to blustering. He
seemed to think noise was strength. The
world would be full of Samsons were it true.

  “Let me share your confidence, Thrope,”
I said, extending a hand of which the fore-
finger beckoned slightlv.

  “Of all the-”

  “Impudence. Yes. Let me see that
paper!”

  “It’s personal. I—I—it’s personal.”

  I replied that I didn’t care if it were
intimate, or what it might be; that I was
a very curious individual.
Born to be Hanged, But—

2 5

  “Have a drink. We might as well make
it up,” he offered evasively.

  I said nothing. I looked at him steadily.
In about three seconds he handed me the
paper.

  “You keep both hands on the table and
turn your face the other way,” I instructed.

  He hesitated, but did as told. I did not
want him jumping at me while I was read-
ing. I wouldn’t greatly have minded
having him do so if I had not already been
in certain complications that would have
become more embarrassing through having
to explain how I happened to shoot million-
aire Thrope, candidate for governor—and
likely to l>e elected.

  I glanced at the letter, and I came as
near to feeling shame as ever I can. But
I began and read it. I read it carefully.
It was astounding.

  “The envelope—the envelope,” I said.

  “You know to whom it’s addressed—
you’ve read it before,” he replied half
leering at me.

fjjl IT WOULD have been useless to
L * deny the charge. I had not read
^ 2 before. I had not even been able
to identify it as that letter—but I had had
suspicions. So I asked for the envelope.
I really did not care whether he gave it
to me, for he had given me its equivalent
in his remark.

  Perhaps I should have destroyed the
letter. I find in looking back over my
years, however, that I have seldom done
the sensible thing at crucial moments:
I have done the safe thing, or tried to.
I had some influence over Thrope as long
as I kept the letter.

  He would have given a foot, leg and all,
to get it again. Besides, I rather looked
to Mrs. Curwen to feel more relieved if
she destroyed it herself—rather than heard,
even from me, that it was destroyed. I
could, too, understand her hesitation in
ever destroying it. A letter of the kind
is not the sort that a woman would ever
destroy—and then not without committing
it to memory.

  I put it into my pocket.

  “Name your price,” said Thrope.

  “I prefer to auction it,” I told him.
“Congressman Bryan is not a rich man,
but he has friends. Then, too, a woman
may want to bid—and have nothing but
tears. Did you ever try to bid against a

woman’s tears, Thrope? What in -

would you have to offer then?”

  Of course, he didn’t know of what I was
talking. All that got into his head was
the idea that I was going to auction the
letter.

  He became excited and offered—it is
useless to repeat his insane sums. Anyway
he never expected to pay them, so he could
afford to talk in large numbers. He never
expected me to get off the ship with the
letter. All he feared was that I might
destroy it.

  “By the way, Thrope, who was the
woman that went overboard—to get away
from you?”

  I am all the time discovering that, though
most men are better than the world thinks,
yet some of whom I have the lowest opinion
are worse even than I could have imagined.

I don’t like to repeat his exact words, but
I believe it necessary: nothing else that, the
man ever did or said so vividly illuminated
the utter meanness and subtlety within
him.

  Had I not known the facts even I—whq^,
was rather a sophisticated and suspicious
youngster—would scarcely have doubted
the truth, though I might have had con-
tempt for his callousness. He said with a
kind of careless regret:

  “Her? Oh, a Tommy I picked up on the
Coast. She was full of hop and got away
from me—jumped the cabin when I wasn’t
looking.”

   A silence.

  I don’t think that I showed that I doubted
him. I merely waited. Nothing so much
as silence, nothing so much as pause,
jangles the nerves of even the hardened
guilty.

  Then quietly I remarked—

  “Helen Curwen never impressed me as a
girl like that.”

  An explosion went off inside of him.
For a third of a second he looked as if
he was literally blowing up. He jumped
and quivered in every muscle.

  This governor-to-be was rather im-
plicated in sometliing more than mere
scandal—he did not care for mere scandal—
if I should tell my story to the public. He
could lie, yes. His friends could he. A
mere outcast girl could have been pretty
well disposed off by lies; but there were
men courageous enough to investigate
the facts concerning a reputable daughter,
26

Adventure

or the daughter of a reputable woman; and
there is one thing that constantly reassures
my faith in democracies.

   Their publics never forgive at the polls
the debauchery of young girls, of girls out
of homes. The public will smirk and smile
and say “Oh well, no men are saints,” if a
politician is merely a rounder—but let him
even be suspected of having invaded the
sanctuary of the hearthstone—neither
money, lies nor stolen votes can save him.

  But, of course, Thrope had the drop
on me, figuratively—or thought that he
had. Even if I got off the Jessie Darling
alive, I could be turned over to the police,
isolated by them, prevented from being
communicated with any but attorneys
of Thrope’s own choosing, tried before a
judge he held to heel and by a jury of the
court’s own choosing, convicted of Smith’s
murder, sent to San Quentin or hanged
without ever a chance to tell my story;
or if I did tell it, to have it reach none
but ears of the cabal’s own choosing.

  Things like that had been done in San
-Irancisco; they have been done in every
city at some time or other. Thrope knew
all about the effectiveness of such pro-
cedure. What he did not fully appreciate
was my aversion to putting myself into the
hands of justice.

   Much of my inveterate dislike of police
and courts, and all the machinery of law,
much of my often foolhardy efforts to play
a lone game, do what I think is right even
to lawlessness, may be traced as having
had an origin in the experiences and knowl-
edge of what murderous farces were per-
petrated around me in my youth.

   “Helen Curwen,” he lied. “Who is she?”

  The girl was supposed to be dead, and
I suppose he had thought there were none
to identify her, none who recognized her
or knew her, until I admitted a certain
familiarity with his newest closet-gkeleton.

   “A friend of mine,” I said.

   “How did you get on my ship?”

   He was angry, but he was doing his best
not to show it. Perhaps he was wondering
again, as he may have wondered before,
just how ready 1 am to shoot.

  A fellow who had led my kind of life,
and who has, on occasion, shot, has his
reputation magnified and distorted; but
such distortion has a wholesome effect on
men like Thrope.

   “Supposing,” I suggested, ignoring his

question, “we call in Captain Whibley.”
Thrope swore and wanted to know if
that—oh, I don’t remember how many

kinds of-something or other—man had

let me on this private ship, which, so Thrope
said, belonged to him.

  “Let the captain speak for himself. He
didn’t impress me as a man who would
lie easily.”

VI

CAPTAIN WHIBLEY came in. He
was big, with a gaunt dark face. A
very direct man, the captain.

  He asked in so many words who I was,
what I was doing on board his ship, and
his general attitude was unfavorable.

  Thrope fairly bounded to his chance. I
was perfectly willing that he should play
his hand first.

  He told the captain, but not without
having edged into a position almost putting
the captain nearest my gun—in case I
drew—that I was a dirty tin-horn gambler,
wanted for murder; and that I had evi-
dently slipped on board the Jessie Darling
to escape the police; that I was trying to
bluff him, Thrope, with a cock-and-bull
story about having known the girl—or
rather of having pretended that she came
from a good home and wasn’t a Barbary
Coast creature.

  Probably the girl was something to me;
probably she had helped me on board.
Thrope therefore ordered the captain to
place me in irons, and as owner of the
ship furthermore ordered him to go about
and head for San Francisco.

  “I have told you once before,” said
Captain Whibley, slowly, deliberately and
with evident aversion for Thrope, “that
Collins is the only owner I recognize.”
“Collins is -only a bookkeeper for me.
I’m Thrope, Thomas Thrope.”

  “I know that,” said Whibley, “but if
you were King of England I would be the
captain of my own ship—at sea. And sail
her as my owner directed.”

  Thrope was set back. He looked it.
But his spirit soon rose. Whibley was a
firm man and turned his attention to me.
“You are armed?”

  I barely nodded.

  “Put your gun on the table.”

  I barely shook my head.

  “You heard me say ‘Put your gun on
that table!’ ”
Bom to be Hanged, But—

27

  Captain Whibley was a strong man, in a
way that a man is by his personality power-
ful. It was only with a psychological effort
that I refused.

  “No, captain—not yet. I’ll break the
gun and give it to you at the proper time.
But I may want to plug that skunk without
having to search around for something
to do it with.”

  Evidently he sympathized with my feel-
ing toward Thrope; and perhaps, too, he
recognized that I would not give up the gun.

  “What do you mean?” he asked, firmly
but inquiringly rather than challengingly.

  “Did you see the girl at all?”

  “Yes. I saw her. She was very beauti-
ful.” He said it simply.

  I did not tell the captain all I knew.
Helen would not tell him all she had told
me. Thrope would not tell all that he
knew either. Then I did not know so
much as I thought I did—-not even after
having read the letter which was carefully
deposited in my own pocket.

   I will try to be brief, for important things
happened later on.

  The captain went to Helen himself. He
questioned her, but not as a sea captain
might have been expected to do by those
who have rarely met the type of Whibley.
He was a strong and lonely man, with a fine
sense of justice and an implacable honor.

  He returned where I kept vigil over
Thrope. And what he told Thrope did
my heart good. With dignity, without
profanity, with something of religious in-
dignation but no mention of God—for,
after all, such manhood as Whibley’s is a
higher religion than the maundering eye-
rolling of the self-consciously holy, who can
do nothing decent without calling His
attention to their merits—Captain Whibley
told the man of millions, the literal owner
of that ship, the man powerful and un-
scrupulous enough to wreck any captain's
career, exactly what kind of a dog he was.
And Whibley said that as soon as the Jessie
Darling reached port the full story of the
affair would be made public.

  “And I'll ruin you!” yelled Thrope.

  I touched Thrope on the shoulder. It
was something a little more than a touch
perhaps, for he wheeled involuntarily and
looked into my face.

  “You forget,” I reminded him, “that
my affairs have first claim 011 your atten-
tion!”

  It was then that Thrope appealed to
Captain Whibley to have me disarmed.
Whibley’s sense of justice required him to
make demands for the gun. I gave on&
over to him.

  “He has another,” shouted Thrope.

  The captain asked if that was true. He
said to hand it over. I refused, politely
as possible. The captain, furious at this
defiance of authority, reached for the one
1 had laid 011 the tabic; but I threw back
the breast of my coat, and with a slight
jerk of my wrist he was covered.

  I apologized, but I was insistent. In
fact I reached out and recovered the other
gun.

  I was sorry for Captain Whibley. I liked
him. I would have liked him less had he
not been so determined to disarm me: he
had no fear, but turned his back on me
and walked from the cabin.

  Thrope and I were alone, but we did not
talk. That is, he talked but I scarcely
listened. He was offering “peace,” he was
suggesting an “offensive and defensive”
alliance. If that story, which Whiblej
had declared was for the public, shoulc
reach its destination—Thrope’s political
honors would go glimmering, if his political
influence would not be entirely destroyed.

  Swanson and four men came to the cabin
door. Their orders were to disarm and
bind me. But I—I merely pointed toward
Thrope and said—

  “That's the man!”

  With rough summary hands they searched
him, and found nothing of firearms; the}
bound him in spite of his raving protest-
and stowed him on the bunk.

  I rummaged through Thrope’s effects
and found a gun. I removed one of my
own, took the shells from the two of them
and told Swanson to take them and the
report to Whibley.

  The men knew very well that they had
not been sent to lie up Thrope. But as a
chief conspirator and a ringleader of the
proposed mutiny which was already due,
I was immune from their violence.

ygK THAT is, I was immune just then.
That night Sam Tyler gave me the
ship news. First, Helen Curwen
had been given other quarters than those
offered by the steward, and placed under
the protection of Captain Whibley.

  Tyler had been at the wheel early in the
28

Adventure

evening when Helen, frightened and des-
perate, rushed from the companionway
and asked where was the steward, the
Chinese steward.

  “He promised to help me! To hide me!
Tell them you saw me jump!” She waved
a frantic hand toward the black molten
water.

  Tyler thought she was fleeing from a dog
to a snake by running from a white man
to a yellow man. The average Chinaman
may be trusted implicitly any place but
at" a gambling-table and with a woman.
But this old silent steward was of a different
fiber than most men, white or yellow.

  But the important thing that Tyler told
me was that the mates, Swanson and the
second officer, were spreading the feeling
among the ruffians that there was no
reason for allowing me to cut on their
treasure trove.

  That meant a certain danger, but I do
not mind admitting that I welcomed it.

  My room had been searched and I had
been watched. Swanson wanted to find
the copies of the maps. Perhaps he thought
I had too much sense to keep them on my
person, as that would probably be the first
place anybody would have the first impulse
to look. Perhaps he and his men would
have tried to overpower me, to search me,
when so ordered by the captain, but Tyler
had spread my name and reputation—and
Tyler had a vivid imagination. Too, that
name and reputation was not unknown to
some of them. Moreover, I had in that
cabin given them no chance to take me off
my guard. A man has to use up about
half of his life’s blood writing a record of
loyalty and true faith before I trust him.
I liked Tyler, for instance; I believed in
him, but I wouldn’t have trusted him very
far—though so far as I ever learned he was
as good a friend as a man could want.

  I play a lone game—go just as far alone
as it is possible.

  It was well into the morning when I lay
down, again in the steward’s cubbyhole.
I did not undress, for dawn would come in
an hour and I wanted to be up and see
what was going on, though I had nothing
in particular in mind to do.

  I did not go to sleep. There was too
much movement about; not too much to
disturb sleep, but too much to disturb the
peace of mind of one suspicious as myself.
Feet were shuffling about, voices muttering.

  A quiet rap came on my door.

  I started to answer, but caught the words
back. The approach to the door had been
rather stealthy. I would wait. The door
opened. Whispers. There was more than
one person there. My name was softly
called. I did not answer.

  I was lying on my left side; my hand
touched the handle of the gun that nestled
in a skeleton holster on my stomach. • I
was ready—or thought I was, but a terrific
blow fell through the darkness and nearly
shattered my right shoulder. I was at
once almost smothered beneath the weight
of men. I can shoot as well with my left
as with my right hand.

  This dexterity has been acquired by the
left hand after long effort, chiefly because
it is the right hand that fellows, looking for
an excuse to shoot first, watch. But I
could use neither. I was in a bad way and
very foolishly struggled. A few years ago
a similar surprize was made on me, and I
pretended to be unconscious, and presently
two of my assailants were themselves un-
conscious—permanently so. But in that
cabin I struggled, foolishly. And I was
choked and beaten and gouged, and it
seemed as if my clothes were being literally
torn from me.

  There is nothing, nothing that can be
done to me personally that is so infuriating
as for people to paw me. I don’t want
anybody’s hands to touch me at any time.
And when I am manhandled, my temper
swells up like the poisonous throat of a
cobra. But my gun had been taken away,
and I have no doubt but that the handle
of it is what some fellow used to strike me
on what he thought was the head, but
which was only my already pained shoulder.

  I have never been knocked unconscious
more than two or three times in my life.
That was one of them.

  When I came to I found the old withered
steward staring down into my face. In
his hand he held a tumbler of brandy.
Much of it had been poured on my face,
and some of it. trickled between my teeth,
and I felt almost strangled. I don’t know
how long he had worked with me, but he
seemed to think his duties had just
begun.

  He offered me the rest of the brandy but
said nothing.

  “Why don’t you talk?” I demanded.

  He opened his mouth: he was a mute.
Born to be Hanged, But—

29

At some time or other his tongue had been
cut out. In China precautions are taken
to keep secrets.

  On board the Jessie Darling Yang Li
and I became friends. Eventually, in years
that followed, we were to become brothers.
I was to find that for cunning and loyalty
that Chinaman was incomparable. Why
he had taken a fancy to me then, I do not
know. I never did know. Not even
Chinese wizardry could foretell that some
months later my gun was to clear his trail
of enemies. But that does not belong to
this story.

  I was washed and bandaged. My body
was sore, but I was not weak. I was
furious, but as my ferocity is never emo-
tional, I said little and displayed patience.

  I asked if he knew who had attacked me.
He did. I repeated what names I knew,
but he nodded at one only. Swanson’s.

  I was unarmed. He offered me a long
knife, refined of edge to a razor’s sharpness.
I took it, though what I know of handling
a knife is about the same as any other man
knows—nothing except to grasp the handle
and thrust. A knife in the hand of an
expert is about the deadliest weapon
made.

  I ask him if he thought he could steal
the gun of mine that had been given the
captain the night before. He shook his
head and tried to tell me something im-
portant.

  The mutineers had broken loose; but it
was not a mutiny according to the previous
plan. Thrope wanted to turn back to San
Francisco. He was the owner of the ship.
He was rich. His name was known to
every man. He was the big boss—and
he was to give them protection for putting
back, and later, so he promised, to fit them
out with a ship of their own for the gold
hunt.

  The upshot of the tiling was that I had
been attacked and left for dead, not so
much to secure the maps which I was sup-
posed to have, as to secure the letter which
Thrope wanted. Events had taken a sud-
den whirl.

  I learned all that later. Yang tried to
tell me, but he was not very successful.
He could write a bit of English, but I found
it hard to read his writing. However, he
did make it clear to me that I had been
thrown overboard.

  Yang, Tyler and another seaman had

dumped overboard a form ’ made of a
blanket and weighted with bricks out of
the galley.

  Captain Whibley, badly wounded, was
barricaded in his cabin with Helen Curwen.
The captain was no coward and he was
armed, but he did not stand a chance.
Swanson wanted to kill him and intended
to, especially as Thrope had much the same
wish. With Whibley dead and myself over-
board, Thrope and the crew could tell any
kind of a story and have it believed.
Thrope was not the sort of man who would
hesitate to take such measures as seemed
necessary to silence Helen.

  The situation was rather twisted.

  Yang painfully wrote out the question—

You kill him?

  I found he meant Swanson. I told him
that I would take pleasure in relieving Swan-
son of further earthly troubles at the first
opportunity.

  But Yang protested. He made me under-
stand that it would be a particular favor to
him if he were allowed the pleasure of set-
tling with Mr. Swanson.

  “Can you use this thing?” I asked, hold-
ing up the long, lean knife.

  He snatched it up. His wrist was like a
swivel. His arm flashed in and out and up
and down. Balanced on his toes, his thin
body swayed right and left, ducked, with
dazzling rapidity the long blade played with
thrust and feint. Then he stopped abruptly
and held his arm upraised, poised to throw.

  “I guess you had better keep it,” I told
him. “Bring me a meat cleaver or some-
thing I know more about.”

  He took my half-jesting words at face
value. I was furnished with a heavy
cleaver.

VII

 STHE day passed.

  The crew, naturally, got drunk.

  It was quiet weather, scarcely more
than a breath on the ocean—and no reason
for staying sober. The sails were drooped,
the wheel made fast, and the Jessie Darling
meandered lazily.

  Tyler wa§ drunk, too. I suppose he had
had to show good fellowship with the muti-
neers. But my private opinion is that he
did not try very hard to evade drunken-
ness.
30

Adventure

  I was patient. When there is no need for
hurry, I can be extraordinarily patient.
Besides, I had a headache and my body was
sore. I waited for night.

  Night came.

  Yang Li led the way, but he remained
behind me when the door opened and once
more I stood waiting for Thrope to recog-
nize me.

  Thrope and Swanson were drinking to-
gether. What agreements and plans they
were making I have no way of knowing.
They sprang up, Swanson with a yell, as he
saw me, half naked and bandaged—a big
cleaver in my hand.

  I was in earnest, and I meant it when I
said—

  “Up with your hands.”

  Why people think it is only a gun that
commands the respect of uplifted hands, I
do not know. A sober man would have had
better sense than Swanson. Thrope, drunk
as he was, raised his hands. But Swanson
attempted to pull a gun—my gun—from
the holster he had fastened on his hip.

  He was slow as though untying a knot. I
leaned forward to strike—but a streak of
steel z-zz-zzzipped past my head. The thirsty
point of that flexible blade went into Swan-
son’s throat and pierced through his neck;
whence the thin wrists of Yang Li got such
driving power I do not know.

  Swanson went over backward, his hands
clawing at the knife. His head, in falling,
struck the bulkhead, and he scarcely
moved.

  Thrope gasped something about it being
me—again.

  I told him that neither jails nor Davy
Jones’ locker seemed able to hold me.

  “They hang men for aiding a mutiny,” I
told him. “The Federal Government—not
the tenderloin judges.”

  I knew there was no chance of him ever
being hanged, but I might as well give him
something to think over when he would be
alone. I wanted him to do much thinking,
because I had qn idea that this alTair would
have to end in a compromise all the way
round.

  I trussed Thrope up tightly, painfully
tight in fact. I wanted him to have plenty
to think of. Something more than mere
deviltry.

  From that time on I worked quick.

  The man who stood a drunken guard over
Captain Whibley’s door, and no doubt kept

awake only by cursing the captain and
making remarks unfit for the ears of any
woman, especially of her who was on the
other side of the door, went down with a
hole in his head. He happened to have
been one of those who had pounded me, or
he might have fared better.

  The two mates left, Johnson and a young
fellow by the name of Robbins, were
alarmed by the shot and came to investi-
gate. Robbins was the fuller of fight—and
there was a chance of his surviving if he
should be removed directly to a hospital as
soon as we reached San Francisco.

  Johnson did the discreet thing and sur-
rendered.

  With a rope end in one hand and the gun
in the other I went on deck. Yang and the
cook followed, but they carried water. A
form that the rope could bring sufficiently
to consciousness to understand what had
happened was doused with water.

  Three fellows of the drunken group*
around the capstan were sober enough to
fight. No time was wasted in argument.
It was stand to attention with a respectful
“sir” or get hurt, and the man who threw a
marlin-spike at me from the rear served as
an object lesson for those sober enough to
realize what happened to him.

  I found Tyler peacefully snoozing with
his head in a bucket; no doubt the bucket
had originally served as a pillow. I gave
him some attention from the rope end and
knocked him down with the butt of the gun
when he came u'p fighting mad.

  “Thank Gord it’s you! I wouldn’t take
it off no other feller,” he said as he sat on
the deck and rubbed his head to see how
big the bump was.

  I told him that J did not know any more
about working a ship than I knew of ping-
pong, but if he would give the orders, I
would see that they were carried out.

  It was a drunken and sullen lot that
turned to; but they knew very well that I
did not carry a gun as an ornament. When
they seemed sober enough to understand
that what I was saying was not out of any
fear of them, I let it be known that the
chances of their being prosecuted for mu-
tiny when they reached port—if they did
their work well in the meantime—were
rather slim.

  I was perhaps taking a good deal on to
myself in holding out that hope; but I have
been accustomed to taking a good deal on
Bom to be Hanged, But—

31

to myself at various times, and I knew very
well what I was about on the Jessie Dar-
ling.

  Then—but not until the ship was under
discipline—I went to the captain’s cabin.
I made myself known through the door, and
with some hesitancy it was opened bv
Helen. The captain was rather badly
wounded and lay on the bed, covering the
door with a gun.

  I told him that I had made a mistake in
refusing to give up my gun to him; that the
mutineers had taken it anyway so I had
been reduced to a cleaver, reinforced by a
very clever knife-fighter.

      WHIBLEY had a broken thigh—I
think it was the thigh. Anyway it
was something above his knee that
overcame even his saturnine determination
to stand upright and walk. He did not com-
plain. He did not make a whimper, and
though he pushed away Helen when she
offered help in the futile solicitious way of a
woman touched by the sight of pain, he did
it with a strange gentleness. There was no
doubt as to how she regarded him.

  He asked bluntly if I had killed Thrope.

  I told him my story. Helen had already
told him hers. I do not think she told him
the contents of the letter—but she men-
tioned it in my presence.

  I left the cabin so abruptly that they must
have thought I had suddenly gone mad.

  High and low I searched for that letter.
It contained a secret, a woman’s secret—
more than a woman’s secret, really the
destiny of more than one person. It is an
awful thing to find the decisive factor of a
person’s destiny put down on a little bit of
paper that may be shifted from hand to
hand, and I was determined to get it if pos-
sible.

  It was not possible. The body of Swan-
son had been put overboard. The seamen
had plundered his pockets—as is not un-
usual, I believe, among such men as will try
a mutiny when one of their number goes
down; but there was no getting trace of the
letter.

  I questioned Thrope, who writhed in pain,
in obvious pain. But he denied all knowl-
edge of the letter. For one of the few times
in my life, I was deceived by a man’s lies—
deceived when I looked right at him. But
I was deceived, though not so much that I
neglected to search him and to search his

cabin. However, I believed the letter was
gone. There was every reason to think that
it had gone, either overboard with Swanson
or been cast aside unthinkingly by any one
of the crew that chanced to I'md it.

  I had a talk with Thrope, and we came
to an understanding.

  He was to forget that I shot and killed
his imported gunman, Smith; a gambler and
dead-shot from Seattle brought down for
the express purpose of running me out of
San Francisco. As an aid to his forgetful-
ness he wrote out and signed a statement
to the effect that he had often heard Smith
say he would kill me. That Thrope had
paid Smith to do this did not appear in the
statement, but it was a sufficiently strong
statement to give me evidence of self-de-
fense.

  Of course, its real importance lay in the
fact that so long as I had it, Thrope would
bring pressure to bear to keep me from
being arrested and tried—or at least con^
victed.

  In return, I was to say nothing about his
damnable conduct toward Helen Curwen. I
was tempted to this less for my own safety
than on her own behalf, though I also had
Captain Whibley in mind.

  The situation was simply this: Helen was
not only a fine girl, tinctured with the folly
congenital to all girls, but any exploitation
of her shame would rebound to Mrs. Cur-
wen and strike again at Congressman
Bryan—Thrope’s rival for the governor-
ship. So in making the scandal public to
injure Thrope’s candidacy, that of Bryan’s
would also be—if not blackened, at least
hurt.

  The letter which had caused so much
concern, and about which all events had
pivoted, was from Congressman Bryan to
Mrs. Curwen. The letter was not clear, by
any means. It had evidently been written
for Mrs. Curwen "s birthday, and it was a
letter of gratitude and love from a son to a
mother, who appreciated her great love and
sacrifices on behalf of his career; to a mother
who had deliberately kept herself in the
shadows, secretly, almost furtively, cheer-
ing and aiding her boy, willing—the letter
said—“to make all of the sacrifices of
motherhood, without publicly claiming any
of the honors.”

  I judged, and the author, Congressman
Bryan, evidently believed, that he had been
born fatherless, and that Mrs. Curwen,
32

Adventure

rather than let such stigma cling to him had
made arrangements for putting him into
the world as a foundling.

  I did not understand this at all. But it
was not my business to understand. I
could not see why, since she called herself a
Mrs. and acknowledged Helen as a daugh-
ter, this brilliant son had not been given
a home and name.

  But people work out their own lives in
their own way, and some of them do not
make such mistakes as some of us, catching
only furtive and half-revealed glances,
think.

  For another tiling, in our compromise,
Thrope agreed to hold no grudge against
Whibley. I impressed upon him that this
last was an agreement in which I had taken
a very strong personal interest. Whibley
was the type of man I will go far from my
path any time to help. I intimated to
Thrope that any interference with Whib-
ley’s career would be pressure on my toes,
and he knew that I very much resented
having my feet stepped on.

  I let him up and he sat at the table ca-
ressing his bottle of whisky between glasses,
feeling not at all ashamed of what he had
gone through with and been exposed in,
but rather pleased to think an “amiable”
understanding had been reached that pro-
tected every one.

  Without anger, but with evident dis-
taste, I tried to tell Thrope just what man-
ner of man he was and what I thought of
him. It is needless to repeat: I simply said
in a few words what I have been making
clear. But even I did not know, did not
suspect the worst about him. Had I done
so, I believe I would have killed him.

  I know that I would have killed him—
tossed him a gun and invited him to try
to shoot first. 1 might have let him fire the
first shot. I have done so on rare occasions
when I was perfectly willing to go down
in return for the satisfaction of being able,
honorably, to murder a ruffian.

  The man does not live who can shoot so
(uick or hit me in a spot so deadly that, in
such a duel as I mention, I can not—if with
nothing more than muscular reflex action—
shoot in return; and there are seconds when
I can not miss.

  I must qualify that slightly: there is one
spot which would be fatal to me in such cir-
cumstances, but it is not head or heart. It
is the wrist, for a broken wrist would cut off

the muscular reaction: that is one reason I
have broken more gun-men’s wrists than
probably any other so-called gun-fighter on
the Coast. Some people think that I have
broken wrists because I hesitated to kill
even human vermin.

  But to return to Thrope. In the light of
subsequent events, I will be bold enough to
say that I would even have stooped to
shoot him in the back, if in no other way I
could have prevented what presently came
to pass. That is, of course, if I had had pro-
phetic vision and known what was going to
happen.

  He kept faith with me regarding the
agreements about myself and Captain
Whibley. It was something else, something
ten times more inconceivably vile; nor did
it directly concern Helen Curwen.

  Thrope had reasons for keeping his eye
on Mrs. Curwen. She was really Mrs. Cur-
wen, and Curwen was less than five years
dead.

  Helen was her daughter. Thrope had
remarked the beauty of Helen. He had
insidiously and secretly become acquainted
with her, flattered her, turned her head,
promised—I don’t know what all—and ex-
plained in some ingeniously specious way
why Mrs. Curwen hated him so much.

  Helen Curwen did not know the truth—
not until after she had, at Thrope’s instiga-
tion, stolen the letter which I returned to
Mrs. Curwen. She had read it but not
understood, scarcely suspected what it
really meant until on board the Jessie Dar-
ling, when Thrope, gleefully, had made it
clear.

  Helen had been frightfully shocked; the
idea that her mother had a “past” cut so
deeply that it awakened her to her own
folly, and in desperation she had appealed—
for lack of any one else to whom she could
appeal—to Yang Li; and that wily, wise
old Chinaman showed himself a human
being.

  Being a reader of character, as most if not
all Chinamen are, he thrust the girl unan-
nounced under my protection; and that I
came near failing in giving her the needed
protection was not the fault of Yang Li.

  The hardest part of the effort to effect a
general compromise and secrecy of what
had happened was with Captain Whibley.
He swore by all the gods of a seaman that
Thrope should be brought to the bar for his
wickedness toward Helen.
, Bom to be Hanged, But-

33

  A simple-hearted old sea captain—he be-
lieved in justice and the honor of courts.
It was with difficulty I impressed the truth
upon him; then he was incredulous. But
he yielded to the appeal of protecting
Helen, her name, her future. That touched
him. He agreed.

  So I helped Captain Whibley on to tire
quarter-dee!.; and Tyler—as good a man as
could be found in the forecastle on any
ship for holding a course—took the wheel;
Thxope stood by himself at the windward
-ail, and Helen and I remained by the cap-
tain—and we came back through the
Golden Gate.

VIH

a THE next day the papers had quite
a story, and told everything but the
truth. My name appeared conspicu-
ously, for this was in a way what is called
a “follow-up” story on the Smith affair, in
which I had been referred to as the “no-
torious” et cetera. But I was not called
the “notorious” et cetera in the papers which
Thrope influenced upon my return.

  No. “New facts had been discovered”
which showed that I shot in self-defense.
The three witnesses of the gambling game
admitted that they lied, that the whole was
a frame-up. I was not even to be arrested.
The three witnesses had been arrested for
perjury before the coroner’s jury—such is
the way, in graft and politics, henchmen are
broken and thrown to the scrap-heap. True
enough, they escaped prison, but they were
scapegoats.

  The dead seamen took the blame of the
mutiny on the Jessie Darling, and Thrope,
Whibley and myself had made a glorious
fight against them. Not a word about Yang
Li. Oh well, he never cared for publicity,
any way.

  And how was the name of Helen Curwen
cleared? With unsuspected brilliancy. I
read it two times and remained incredulous.
She was Mrs. Captain Whibley, making her
honeymoon voyage with the captain. And
so far as anybody ever found out to the
contrary—excepting, of course—Mrs. Cur-
wen—that was true. Helen and Captain
Whibley were in love and they did marry
in a way that interfered not at all with the
rather premature announcement.

Thrope, as a friend of the bride and of
the captain, had intended to take a little sea-

3

voyage to Honolulu and back before enter-
ing upon the last lap of his campaign. He
had needed the rest. That was precisely
what he had intended, for he felt certain
that the letter would be a bombshell in the
camp of Bryan, and he, Thrope, could afford
the leisure of a sea trip even as a crucial
moment of the campaign.

  About the only two people I met who did
not appear satisfied were Mrs. Curwen and
Delaney.

  Delaney almost wept. Then he swore
loud and fervently. He cursed me for hav-
ing ever suspected that' he would give a
friend a double-cross. I took his statement
with sufficient salt to make it palatable and
said nothing to ease his resentment against
Thrope.

  Much of that resentment was genuine.
It had hurt Delaney’s pride—however much
or little it had hurt his honor—to think that
anybody, even Thrope and the police, would
arrange a frame-up against his friend in his
own saloon.

  He was angry. He asked if I thought I
could ever have “got away” with the bluff
I worked to get from the saloon if he had
not willingly aided? I remarked that I
probably could not have got away as easily
as I had done if he had not been so agree-
able, but that I would have shot—and he
knew it.

  But at that, I believe Delaney was more
sincere than 1 really wanted to give him
credit for. I am suspicious of everybody.
Particularly of my friends.

  I went to see Mrs. Curwen.

  She was very distressed and*showed it.
Age seemed to have come suddenly-to claim
his full debt and interest.

  “I am desperate—desperate,” she said.
Again and again she repeated that, remark-
ing that there was no one to whom she
could go. “My boy wants to tell the world
I am his mother,” she said, after I had let
her know the vicissitudes of the ill-fated
letter, “but it can’t be.” She said s,t with
an intonation of finality. There was some-
thing more than a woman’s sacrificial stub-
bornness in her voice.

  “He doesn’t know—even yet—'all. And
I can’t tell him, ever!” she said.

  I did not understand that remark. She
did not appear to expect me to understand.
I made no comment.

  To make one sentence of it: Thrope, she
said, was an enemy from of old; she had

I
34

Adventure

known him for many, many years, and for
most of them had been afraid of him.

  “I am terribly afraid of him,” she re-
peated, looking at me in such a way that I
could not very well help saying—

  “Any time, just send word to me through
Delaney of the Hoop-la Saloon.”

  She told me more than it is necessary to
repeat of how she had watched over the boy,
keeping her secret from every one but him.
On his twelfth birthday she had ventured
to tell him the truth.

  “Or as much of it as my shame would let
me. I said his father was dead and—” she
broke off chokingly.

  When I had tirst returned the letter to her
she had learned that Thrope was after it
and she determined to destroy it. But she
could not. It meant too much. Mr. Ellis,
who had been sent to San Francisco as soon
as Bryan had learned of the letter being
lost, and who, guided by gossip along the
Barbary Coast, had searched me out, then
discovered from Mrs. Curwen that it had
already been returned; and he had returned
to me and generously paid the money he
had been given to offer as a reward.

  Mrs. Curwen, afraid of Thrope, had given
up the house and moved into an apartment.
That was why I could not locate her. At
last, determined to ease her mind for once
and all, she had decided to burn the letter.
Then she had found that it was gone and a
blank piece of paper had been substituted.
As she had read and reread it frequently,
she knew the substitution had been but re-
cently made.

  She never suspected Helen, but was thor-
oughly frightened. She did not know that
Helen and Thrope had even met. Mrs.
Curwen had spent a terrible week—which
had its anguish greatly increased by the dis-
appearance of Helen.

  All of her life, fear and tragedy had
stalked beside her; and now she was tensely
wrought up. The capacity for passive suf-
fering had been exhausted.

  “Thrope will try to use that letter against
my boy,” she cried, “and if he does— Oh,
if he does-”

  She broke off.

  For a moment the tigress that is in every
woman appeared. Her hands became claws
and her face changed to a harpy’s. Stir
any woman—any man—to the ultimate
depths of desperation, and there will appear
the claws and gleaming teeth.

  Anthropologists estimate that we were
beasts of the clawing hands and teeth about
four times as long as we of the so-called
human race have been men and women. A
moment of ferocious tenseness—and she
was exhausted and fell back weakly into
her chair. She muttered rather than said—

  “Oh, if the people only knew—but I can’t
tell—I won’t tell! I would die first!”

  She said nothing more and I did not ques-
tion her, but I was more moved than I shall
try to express.

  I haven’t repeated and do not intend to
repeat what she told me of how she suffered
and worked and planned to help that boy,
now the line congressman; of how her heart
would almost leap from her breast at men-
tion of his name, and of the secret pride she
felt when people praised him as fearless and
brilliant; of how she hung in the agony of
suspense at every election for fear he might
not win—and now to think his career might
be crumbled in one cowardly, shameful
blow against which she could oppose no
buckler!

  I tried to assure her that her fear was
largely anxiety; but she assured me that
there was no infamy to which Thrope would
not plunge with pleasure; that I had no
conception of what he would do—that I
liad no conception of what he could do, and
she would not tell me, would not tell any
one! Never! Never!

  I thought that I could understand her
hysteria, but I was deeply touched by her
sorrow, by her tragic situation. I again
offered to do whatever I could at any time.

IX

I SHALL say nothing of the political
campaign, beyond the fact that it was
unusually hot and bitter; and that
Bryan spoke night after night and seemed
to have aroused the State as it had never
been aroused before against the old gang;
and the old gang viciously distorted his
record and attacked him.

  For some weeks my life went on about
the same as usual. I read the papers and
played cards and people let me alone. I
went every time Bryan spoke in San Fran-
ciso, and I liked him. He was a fighter—
inspired by something more than the hank-
ering for a governorship.

  I looked him over carefully and felt that
there was a man who could not be broken
Born to be Hanged, But—

35

and would not bend; a man whose word and
honor could be trusted. And though I
knew very well that he would keep that
word and run the gambling-joints out of the
State—I told whoever took the trouble to
inquire that I should vote for him.

  “You’re crazy,” said Delaney.

  “I’d rather have him for an enemy than
Thrope for a friend.”

  “He’ll ruin our business,” said Delaney.

  “Thrope’s ruined our conscience,” I
said.

  And Delaney blinked once or twice and
opened his mouth like a fish; and at last
he said incredulously that he believed I
meant it!

  “How far would you trust Thrope?” I
asked.

  “No farther ’an a .45 ’11 carry.”

  “There you are. Bryan keeps his word.
INe never broken mine. I shall vote for
him. Australia’s wide open—I’ll go there
and play cards.”

  The conversation was longer but as tri-
vial and only confirmed Delaney in the
opinion that I was crazy.

  It was about ten days before election
that Delaney gleefully told me my friend
Bryan was a goner; Thrope had an ace
up his sleeve and it was going to be pub-
lished in his paper the next Sunday—“a
letter of some kind.”

  I was a little jumpy every time “letter”
was mentioned.

  I wanted to find out definitely; but there
was no way I knew of that I could. Thrope
was out of the city—or was supposed to be.
"Bryan was also out of the city. I found
other people living in Mrs. Curwen’s house.
She had sold it.

  They did not know where she was.
Helen had gone to sea with her husband,
Captain Whibley—a real honeymoon this
time. I went to Bryan’s headquarters, but
there was nobody around there I would
trust, so I came away. Then I went in
search of a newspaper man whom I knew
and rather liked.

  He was an alert young fellow, full of ideas
and rather flattered by being the friend of
so notorious a figure as myself; besides he
had once been fired from—I shall call it the
Tribune, as it has changed hands since then
and is now a decent paper—the Tribune,
Thrope’s paper.

  “Supposing,” I said to him, for I knew
no more about the workings of a newspaper

than the average editor does of poker, how-
ever much editors play at it. “Supposing
the editor of the Tribune had something I
wanted. That he intended to put it in the
paper—a picture, or a letter? How would
I go about getting it?”

  “Best way’d be to blow up the building,”
he said. As I did not seem to appreciate the
joke, he added soberly:

  “A picture—maybe they’ve taken a copy
and the original is stowed some place. Let-
ter—anything like that, they photograph
it. Nobody may know where the original
is.”

  “How can I get in to the editor?”

  I had heard that editors were as unap-
proachable as kings and things.

  “Tell ’em you got a story—tell ’em who
you are, and that you’ve got a story you
won’t turn loose to nobody but Old Man
Blake himself.”

  I did. At eleven-thirty Friday night I
was shown into the anteroom of Mr.
Blake’s private office and told to wait. I
was left alone. I noticed that the ante-
room door locked from the inside, though
the lock did not appear ever to have been
used.

  I listened at the door marked Private.
  Blake was not alone.

  I gently tried the door. It was unlocked.
I crossed the room and locked the ante-
room door, then stepped through the one
marked Private, saying as I came in—
“Just the very man I wanted to see, Mr.
Thrope!”

  Thxope started to roar, but perceived
that it was I, and his glance apprehensively
searched out my hands. He seemed to
think that I went around ready to shoot.

  Blake was a fat man, bald-headed, with
protruding side-whiskers;andhe drew in his
breath with toad-like pomposity to order
me out of the room, but he looked at
Thrope and asked—

  “Do you know him?”

  “You do, too,” said Thrope. “It’s-”

he mentioned my name with a peculiar
falling inflection, muttering it as though
unwilling to speak it aloud.

  I suppose that it was unpleasant on his
tongue.

  “Well, what’d you want?” said Thrope,
trying not to be more unpleasant than he
could help, for he knew by this time by
something more than hearsay that I would
—well, he remembered Smith, Swanson and
36

Adventure

 certain other men on board the Jessie Dar-*
 ling. And though he wished me well out of
 his sight he did not make that wish too ap-
 parent.

 “Bryan’s letter,” I told him briefly.

 “Trapped, by-!” said Blake apoplec-

 tically, and his hand reached toward a but-
 ton at the end of his desk.

 “Supposing you put yoUr hands in
 your pockets, Mr. Blake!” I told him
 pointedly.

 His puffed eyes bulged a little; but he
 followed my suggestion, ramming his hands
 into his pockcts as if defying me instead
 of complying with my gentle request.

 “She sent vou here!” Thrope accused.
 “-her!”

 “Naturally,” I said. “Why else do you
 suppose I happened to come—at this psy-
 chological moment?” I asked, not knowing
 what it was all about.

 But I never hesitate to take any advan-
 tage that Fortune hands to me, and I
 have found Fortune a most generous
 mistress.

 “The letter isn't here,” said Blake, ad-
 vancing some information in a manner
 that impressed me as too considerate.

 “No?” I asked.

 “No!” said Thrope.

 “No!” echoed Blake emphatically.

 “Then why do you lie to each other?” I
 demanded, stressing the words just as much
 as I thought was needed to make them un-
 comfortable.

 Both men gave a slight start. I doubt if
 they did realize what I meant, but they did
 not feel comfortable.

 “I had my ear to the keyhole there for
 some moments—before I came in. The
 letter is in that safe, or you are a liar!” I
 addressed the last to Blake.

 He started to bound up, with something
 like—

 “No man can call me that!”

 But he sat down and finished his sen-
 tence in an inarticulate mumble.

 I had made no move, no gesture. But he
 understood.

“You talk too-much!” Thrope ex-
claimed accusingly at the editor.

 Since I had heard Thrope ask him if the
 letter was in the safe, and Blake had only
 answered, I felt the accusation a little un-
 just; but I made no comment.

 “I don’t suppose she’ll telephone now,”
 said Thrope, looking at me inquiringly.

  “Oh, my presence here will make no differ-
ence. She will telephone, I suppose.” I as-
sured him.

  “It’s time then,” said Blake staring up at
the clock.

  “But the letter—first. Now,” I said.

THEN I learned something of what
it was all about. Mrs. Curwen was
trying to get Thrope to give up the
letter. He would not meet her, but he had
made a telephone appointment. She had
assured him that she could give reasons why
he should return the letter to her, why he
would be glad to return it.

  Thrope was naturally incredulous. It
seemed that he and Mrs. Curwen had known
each other for many many years; and
Thrope—though he did not say this—ap-
peared to have taken a sort of pleasure all
those years in keeping her afraid of him.
He knew that she was afraid of him, and he
had enjoyed the bullying pleasure of keep-
ing her frightened.

  By chance I had stepped into the game
and demanded cards at the crucial moment.
Let me pause a minute to remark that no-
body will be likely to convince me that I
am religious; and yet anybody will have a
hard lime convincing me that there is not
something—something sentient in Destiny
that rules with an inexorable hand this
thing we carelessly call “chance” and
“luck.”

  In my own life—and I believe other men
can look into their own lives and find the
same—it has happened too often that by so-
called chance I have made such entrances,
and by chance played such part in the lives
of men and women, as if my r61e were di-
rected by a great and watchful dramatist.

  This thing we call ‘‘luck” and “chance”
is too pertinent, too advertent, too much the
fabric of design, to be merely accidental.
I know many lips will trace skeptical smiles
upon themselves at such a statement; but
let the more thoughtful reflect that every
situation begins and develops from some-
thing—some meeting, word, introduction,
from something, that can properly be called
chance.

  This is so true that it can not be denied
once any one recognizes the viewpoint from
which I make the statement. And I never,
before or since, felt myself so much the
pawn of some inscrutable chance as in the
affair of Thrope and Mrs. Curwen.
Bom to be Hanged, But—

37

  i’he whole tiling moved to its inexorable
end, its inexorable and tragic end, too
inevitably to have been mere happen-
chance. But, of course, I am telling a story
—not offering a contribution to meta-
physics.

  Mrs. Curwen telephoned.

  Naturally, with all the honesty of her
nature, she denied that I had had anything
to do with the plan to get in touch with
Thrope; she denied that I had found from
her where he could be located at that hour.

  And I fancy that she was surprized at the
sudden change in Thrope’s manner over
the telephone; for when he had said some
fifty words in his characteristic manner—
or at least the manner that he seemed to
employ toward women whom he did not
care to flatter—he abruptly became polite
and almost gracious. The suggestion that
he do so, of course, came from me, and
came in such a way that he did not care
to refuse.

  I could make nothing of the conversa-
tion over the phone because I heard very
little of it after Thrope quieted down. Mrs.
Curwen seemed to be doing all of the talk-
ing; and it seemed to me that Thrope was
strangely impressed and by something
more than I had said.

  I noticed him biting his knuckles as
if to restrain his emotion. But, I re-
flected, that might have been from sup-
pressed anger. But his whole manner dis-
closed a nervousness that was remarkable.
He glanced almost furtively from me to
Blake as though fearful that we, too, were
hearing.

  The conversation lasted for some min-
utes. It ended with Thrope agreeing to
make an appointment to meet her alone in
his own office the following night.

  I found out afterward—from her—that
she had summoned one of the specters that
haunted her past and set it on to Thrope.
Mrs. Curwen in her younger days had
been reckless, rash, even more so than
Helen. She too had loved Thrope. He had
murdered a man before her eyes. She had
had no part in the crime but the love she
then bore him, which constrained her to
secrecy.

  Always she had been afraid that the story
would come out, and that Thrope would—
as he threatened—make it appear that she
had killed the man herself. At last, des-
perate, she had reversed the situation and

declared that whatever the shame might be
to her, she was going to force the story out
and blast him, though it blasted her too!
As a coward always is when the victim
turns, Thrope was frightened.

  But by the following night Thrope had
summoned his ingenuity. He had made de-
ductions and arrived at what seemed satis-
factory conclusions for bullying the woman
further: let her force the story out into the
public. He ended by hoping she would do
it, for he—he could make political capital
of it. Besides, what is money for if not to
prove alibis, even in a murder of twenty
years ago!

  I am getting a little ahead of my narra-
tive. The letter was yet to be disposed of.
That, however, did not take long.

  When the telephone conversation was
over I merely repeated that I wanted it,
and at once; and Blake unlocked the little
office safe and gave it to me. Then I struck
a match and burned it and ground the
ashes into the carpet with my heel.

  I faced them and said:

  “Something unpleasant will happen to
somebody if the attempt is made to arrest
me on the charge of robbing a girl, or fleec-
ing a miner, or violating the ordinance
about obstructing the traffic, or on any other
of the trumped-up charges which you fel-
lows usually make to get a man into jail.
Think up something original, very original,
if you want me to pay attention to it—then
send a detective you don’t care much about
to serve it!”

  I was young, and of course talked a little
more than I would under similar circum-
stances now. About the last thing that a
young man learns is that no words, or at
most two or three, will usually be more im-
pressive than a speech—such as play-
wrights like to give heroes.

  But what I did say was brief enough to
carry weight with Thrope and Blake—
largely because they knew that Spike De-
laney had, so to speak, put his sheltering
wing over me and would, as the phrase goes,
“start something” if another frame-up was
pulled on me.

X

THIS ends my story. I will get to
the concluding facts briefly.

The following morning, through De-
laney, Mrs. Curwen anxiously sent word for
me to meet her.
38

Adventure

  It was to be a busy day for Thrope and
he did not know how much, if at all, before
midnight he could get to the office and keep
his appointment with her. Mrs. Curwen
was exceedingly nervous, but she said that
she was not afraid. However, she wanted
me to conceal myself in the office as a wit-
ness of what passed between them.

  “I am afraid,” she said tremulously, “I
shall have to tell him something that no one
on eartli knows but myself—and—and I
want you to know. I trust you—after what
you did about that letter, and for Helen.
And after what Mr. Ellis says.”

  Ellis, Edwin Ellis, I found—he was the
man who had come to me offering ten
thousand for the recovery of the letter and
had later forced payment of that sum upon
me—was a detective from Washington who
had been hurried to San Francisco as soon
as Mrs. Curwen had reported the loss of the
letter. The first time we met he had
learned that 1 had it, but not that I had
returned it. As soon as he discovered that
I had returned the letter he generously
gave me the reward that Bryan had been
willing to pay.

  The elevator ran until ten o’clock on
Saturday nights in the Thrope Building.
Mrs. Curwen went up at ten, and I followed
a minute later. She suggested that it
might be best for us not to be seen together.

  She opened the door direct from the hall
into Thrope’s private office and left it un-
locked for me—or rather held it ajar for
me, and held her finger warningly to her lip.

 “Somebody’s in there—I heard them
move!” she whispered soundlessly, indi-
cating a door that opened from the private
office into another room.

 Nobody could very well have proper
business in there, since no light was burn-
ing—or at least none showed under the door.

  I tiptoed across and listened, but I heard
nothing.

  Perhaps Mrs. Curwen had been mistaken,
but the chances always were that Thrope
could not be trusted; and he might have
somebody there—and that somebody’s
presence might be for any purpose.

  I looked at Mrs. Curwen. She wore a
long coat and a bonnet hat. The thick
veil that had covered her face was lifted so
I could see how brightly her eyes were burn-
ing, eyes that seemed much sunken since
we last met; and how tightly thin her Ups
were pressed. She looked more like a figure

of stately allegory than a woman come to
plead with a man, for she stood erect and
the long lines of the coat that fell below her
knees gave her form a certain dignity such

as one seldom sees.

  She would not flinch. I could teU that
much.

  I spoke to her with lip movement rather
than with sound—noiselessly. I told her
to pretend to telephone that she would not
wait, and was leaving; then to step into the
hall and shut the door after her.

  She did so.

  I stood beside the door opening into the
next room and waited. For some seconds
aU was quiet, then I detected the shuffling
of feet. Silence again. The party on the
other side was listening.

  The lock turned in the door. It moved
cautiously, then sbwly opened so that a
little furtive middle-aged man blinked in
the light. He was near-sighted and wore
heavy glasses; and, too, he had come from
a dark room into a lighted one.

  Mine is not a gentle hand. My fingers
fastened on the back of his neck. The other
hand went over his mouth and silenced the
cry that he started to make. He was a
weak little office-bred clerk, frightened and
not even cunning. Bv occupation he was
court reporter, very good at shorthand he
said.

  Some woman was coming to blackmail
Mr. Thrope and he had been posted there
to take a stenographic record, he said; and
at once admitted that he had lied. He
tried another evasion or two. then admitted
that he was Thrope's stenographer. He
had been with Thrope for years. He knew
that a woman was coming to meet Thrope
and he had been posted to take it down.

  A little listening-hole had been made in
the wall. I might almost say that it had
been built in. He showed it to me and ad-
mitted that it had been used on many oc-
casions. A small electric light, partly boxed
in, illuminated a small shelf upon which
he could rest his pad and make his notes
with ease.

  I took a towel, fashioned a gag, and
locked Mr. Stenographer in the lavatory.
I took his keys from him and investigated
the various doors. I thought it might be
well for me to have some way out in case I
wanted to leave without interrupting the
interview between Thrope and Mrs. Cur-
wen. Thrope’s offices—he was at the head
Bom to be Hanged, But—

39

of a big lumber company—occupied very
nearly half of the space on one side of the
building; and I found that I could open a
door far down the corridor and near the
stairs—almost a third of a block away
from Thrope’s private office.

  Mrs. Curwen and I said a few words, but
she was in no mood to talk; so, not knowing
what minute Thrope might come, I went
inside to the peep-hole and waited. I could
watch her, and did. She sat very quiet,
motionless, except that her breathing was
deep and hurried as if she were making a
severe effort to control herself.

THROPE came, big, hearty and
sure of himself.

  “Well, Mary,” he said with kind
of sardonic amusement, “we meet again.”

  “Yes, again.”

  “So you’re going to try to rake up the
past, eh? You know what ’11 happen. I
was a fool to ever try to protect you for that
murder, Mary. But then, you see, I didn’t
really know you killed him and I loved
you!”

  Mrs. Curwen was amazed. She did not
realize that Thrope was talking for the
benefit of the stenographic report—that
was not being taken.

  “And so this Bryan is your brat, eh?
And you want him elected. Trying to
bluff me out of the running. I am too weak
with women—they twist me around their
fingers. You know. You used to do it.
But you can’t bully me! No. What do you
want?”

  She told him, speaking in a low, strained
voice, that she wanted him to withdraw
from the campaign, that she wanted him to
give up the fight against Bryan.

  “You will regret it—oh, how you will
regret it, if you don’t!”

  It was more of a prophecy than a
threat. She was not angry. She was
pleading.

  “He is your-!” Thrope used the ugly

word generally applied to the children of
unfortunate mothers.

  “And yours!” she cried.

  I doubt if she had intended to say as
much, to tell him that at all; but the retort
was irresistibly drawn from her.

  They stared at each other, and stared
and stared, and made no move.

  “Is that true?” he asked in a low, almost
inaudible voice.

_“Yes!” And quickly, pleadingly she
sketched the history of how she had helped
and guarded the boy, and never told him
who his father was, and made him feel that
it was better that he should not let the world
know who his mother was, because she
wanted him to rise—to go up and on, and
be honest, to be noble.

  “And he couldn’t do it,” she hissed, “if
he knew such blood as yours was in his
veins.”

  Thrope believed her. He knew she spoke
the truth. But he was a politician, and
there was less manhood in him than there
is in the jackal, which will fight for its own.

  “You lie, woman. You lie! You can’t
prove that I-”

  “No,” she cut in, “because I had a good
father and mother. And met you secretly
because they disliked you. I can prove
nothing! I do not need proof. You know
it. Oh, give up this campaign—let him win.
Don’t drag up my shame to light. I don’t
care. But it is for him. For my boy—
your son! That letter—that horrible un-
lucky letter! How proud 1 was when he
sent it to me. You might have made the
letter public because you will do anything
to get your end. But now—now you must
not fight him! I didn’t intend to tell you.
It was my secret, *nine and God’s!”

  “Leave God out of it, when you lie! You

can’t bluff me like that. He’s yours-

and you’re trying to drag me into it! This
is the craftiest political deal I’ve erer run
up against. I suppose he put you up to
come! Now look here, old girl, I’ll show you
what happens when anybody tries to put
something over on me! Every word of this
interview goes in the paper tomorrow morn-
ing—in the Tribune! There’s a stenog-
rapher in there has taken down every word.
I’m not afraid. Let the public judge be-
tween us. My son,-! Your-1”

  The fold of Mrs. Curwen’s cloak was
pushed aside. A large ivory handled, nickel-
plated revolver came into view, and as it
came into view, she shot.

  Thrope fell dead. A bullet in his brain.

[gpjnB WHEN people came a-pounding at
figzfl! the door and ilung it open, for it
Ittml was not locked, I turned hastily
back from that door that led inside and,
without seeming to have a purpose in doing
so, barred the way. So Mrs. Curwen es7
caped alone. I had taken the gun from her
40

Adventure

hand as she stood motionless, looking down
upon the man whom she had at last paid
with the full measure of vengenace.

  The shot that killed Thrope seemed, too,
to have numbed her realization of what she
had done. It was not until 1 took the gun
from her hand and pushed her inside the
room from which 1 had just come that she
seemed to understand that there was a
chance to escape. She had not appeared to
think of trying to, or of caring to escape. I
am inclined to believe that she had come
determined to kill him anyway. Certainly
she knew that she had nothing to fear from
the stenographic report of the conversation
upon which Thrope had depended.

  It was not gallantry or. even forethought
on my part that caused me to turn and take
the blame. I did it instinctively. But,
having done so, I could not refuse to carry
the role out. I would make no statement
to any one. The evidence was incontrover-
tible. I could not escape conviction.

  Let me review the situation briefly. If
Mrs. Curwen kept silent I could not escape
hanging. If she confided with Bryan and
he, as the governor, declined to injure his
career by pardoning me, I could not escape.
True, I could have stirred up a sensation,
but I could have proved nothing. Blake of
the Tribune offered to use his influence—
preposterous! he had none and I told him
so—in getting me a pardon if I would tell
the truth.

  He suspected that Mrs. Curwen was im-
plicated. He also thought of using the copy
and photograph of one page of the letter,
but was afraid to go through with it. But
Bryan, who was readily elected, was in
almost as bad a iix as I: if he pardoned me,
people would say that he had connived
with me to put his personal and political
enemy out of the way; if he did not pardon
me—well, he had his own conscience to live
with.

  The truth could not come out unless his
own mother was thrown into the prisoner’s
dock and the hideous and sordid story ex-
hausted to its last detail.

  Any way out somebody’s life would be
ruined—some innocent person’s life, for I
refuse to consider Mrs. Curwen guilty,
though I think she had been touched by
madness. A jury might have acquitted her,
but Thrope’s friends would have been pow-
erful; besides, her son’s career would have

 been ruined—and that was more to her
than life.

  I felt sorry for her, and for the young
governor; but not sorry enough to be
hanged, though I showed some patience in
the trial and conviction.

  In fact, I had to be convicted before the
governor could help me! I was convicted
and was sentenced by a judge of Thrope’s
own choosing to be hanged.

  That judge put much feeling into the
reading of the death sentence. He had
shown all through the trial plenty of grati-
tude to the memory of the man who had
raised him on stuffed ballots to the
bench.

  I have never had much use for circum-
stantial evidence or belief in capital punish-
ment since those trying days.

  What happened? In some mysterious
manner I got hold of a revolver and held up
the turnkey one morning between mid-
night and dawn. My good friend Delaney
had paid that turnkey the sum of ten thou-
sand dollars to give me this revolver and to
be held up; and of course Delaney had no
objections to paying out such a large sum
because it was the ten thousand dollars that
Bryan, through Ellis, had given me as a re-
ward for returning that letter—of malignant
influence.

  By an odd coincidence that nobody
seemed to remark, I escaped on the night
before Captain Whibley—who had left the
Thrope Lumber Company’s service—sailed
on a windjammer for Sydney.

  But four people knew: Delaney, Sam
Tyler, who met me at the wharf and took
me to Whibley’s ship, and Whibley and
Helen. Mrs. Curwen had told her. So the
bread I had cast upon the water came back
to me, and the governor had not connived
at my escape, nor was he embarrassed by
having to pardon me. I believe that he
would have done so—still, it is a terrible
thing to make a politician, even an honest
one, choose between his conscience and his
career.

SICKNESS, death, cut Governor
Bryan off as he was finishing his
second term. Shortly afterward
Mrs. Curwen died. With the death of her
son she had nothing more to live for. The
confession that cleared my name was found
under her pillow.
Author of “The Spirit oj His Youth," “Too Much Caulion,"clc.

TtREE large, evil men lolled in
sultry shade of “Spade” Gowdy’s
Nugget Saloon, watching one
*** small, righteous man at work in
the sun. It was far too hot to work, but
Obadiah Higgins toiled painstakingly with
the resiny pine planking of the curb over
the newly dug saloon well. The three
onlookers had struck a bargain with Oba-
diah and were only awaiting the completion
of the task to enjoy seeing Obadiah take
his strange payment.

  The wait was not irksome, for Obadiah
was a deft workman; besides, he had been
working on that well-curb since early morn-
ing, and it was now nearly noon. Obadiah
drove the last nail as carefully and surely
as he had the first. Skillfully he planed
down imperceptible rough spots; carefully
he hung the new pulley-wheel in the exact
center of the frame. In fact, it was a
wcll-curb fit to grace any well in the little
Eastern hamlet that had been his home
town, instead of being set over a saloon
well, a mere unpain ted pine necessity in a
squalid little gulch town like El Oro.

  Obadiah paused a moment to inspect his
handiwork. Obadiah was scrawny. Yes,
Obadiah Higgins was scrawny. He couldn’t
have tipped the scales over one hundred
and twenty at his prime—if he ever had
any prime—and now he was well past his
prime—fifty at least, gray, with a smoothly
shaven face pleasantly furrowed. Cheery
little wrinkles played about the comers of
his eyes and humorous, up-turned ones
were etched where his lips met in their
not too firm line in front of his toothless
gums. His nose was thin, too, like the

rest of him, and ended in a little hook.
His eyes—his wistful gray eyes that had
always trusted everybody and just couldn’t
get over their puppylike faith in the good-
ness of everything—looked out hungrily on
a world they seemed never to understand. -
Obadiah had been cheated. He—he was
—well, possibly there was something lack-
ing. Forty years he had endured the rail-
lery of thoughtless citizens of the little home
town - back East—forty years of satirical
gibes that alone would have been enough
to shift the balance of a stronger mind than
his. Finally one of the younger generation
openly called him a —— fool. Obadiah,
with a childlike faith that he could go
“out West” and make good, summoned all
his courage and bid the town good-by.

  Ten years Obadiah pitted his frail
strength against the stem odds of the
gold country. Finally he drifted to El
Oro. He could have been a skilled worker
in fine woods elsewhere, but in El Oro he
was a carpenter. While it was pitifully
apparent he had been a failure all along,
he still harbored eternal hope that he could,
before the end, go back home and show
them that he had “madegood.”

[250EVIDENTLY Obadiah decided the
job was satisfactorily done, for he
SSfflgRput away his tools and proceeded
to reap his reward. Taking from his tool-
kit a tomato can half filled with a black
fluid composed of lampblack and a dash
of the camp’s meager supply of kerosene,
Obadiah knelt stifly before the curb and
stirred expectantly with the caked brush
that was mostly handle. Then, with infinite

4i
42

Adventure

care, he printed on the glaring hot planks
a big, boyish looking G. Repeating the
process, he turned out an O, then a D.

  “G-o-d—good,” stated “Spade” Gowdy
to his two companions in the shade.

  “Good nothin’,” corrected Jim Moore
scornfully; “can’t you read, Spade? That
word ain’t ‘good’—hit’s ‘Gawd!’”

  “Ho, him, eh? You mean our ol’ Uncle
Billy in heaven we ain’t never seen and
won’t till we croak an’ he tells us to go

to-? Him?”

  “Boys!” Obadiah twisted around, bal-
ancing with a hand to the curb, and ad-
dressed the three. “Oh, I wish you
wouldn’t talk that way. It’s—it’s wicked,
boys. Besides, it’s not giving the Creator
a square deal. I just wish you’d wait a
minute till I get this printed. It’ll be
something real nice, boys.”

  “Well, turn around an’ git a move on,
thin,” suggested Danny Carver. “Go ahead
wid yer printin’, and mind ye now, git off
a new one. I’m fed up wid readin’ the
old ones on ivry rock an’ plank in the coun-
thry. Go on, print us a new one.”

  “Naw,” objected Spade Gowdy. “Let
him quit right there. He’s got ’nough.
That one word tells the tale. Leave her
stand as it is.”

  “Just put ‘ain’t hit hot’ after that there
word,” broke in Moore. “That’ll be a
reg’lar he-platitude. Gord, ain’t hit hot!
I’m like Carver, I’m getting tired of ‘Re-
pent,’ ‘Seek ye the Lord,’ and so forth,
staring me in the face from every stone in
Oro gulch. Give us a lively one, ‘Parson.’ ”
“Nope,” Spade Gowdy insisted stub-
bornly, “it’s my well-curb and it’s my say

what goeth thereupon. I say-”

  “You’re wrong there, Spade,” argued
Moore. “You agreed to let Obadiah print
any dad-gum thing on it he wanted to,
long’s he’d build it for you. Leave it to
him, but for gosh sake let him pull off a
new one.”

  With much stirring and many gyrations
of his tongue against his cheek, Obadiah
had placidly gone ahead, unmindful of the
argument, and evolved the righteous sen-
tence :

God is not Mocked.

  “ ‘Gawd is not m-o-c-k-e-d.’ Mock-ed.
Moc-ke-d.” Spade Gowdy struggled with
the letters. “Neck-ed—hah, neckkid! 01’
parson out there says Uncle Billy Gawd

ain’t neckkid. How’s he know? Heh, ‘Par-
son,’ how’d you know He 'ain’t neckkid?
Tell us that!”

  Obadiah arose.

  “Boys, I don’t want to force the Word
on you too much, but hark ye!” Obadiah’s
meek tones suddenly became clarion clear
as he quoted: “ ‘Unto him that blas-
phemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall
not be forgiven.’ Luke twelve, ten.”

  Stepping humbly to another side of the
curb, he knelt, stirred and printed.

  “Wow,” mocked Spade, “ol’ ’Postle
Paul sure turned on the gas that time.
Won’t be forgiven, eh? What’s the idee
to beller so about that?”

  “Say, Spade,” Carver began earnestly,
“faith I do wish ye’d a leetle more eddica-
cation; then ye wouldn’t be foriver danglin’
the sword of Damocles over us this way.
If ye don’t belave there’s a Creator, keep
shut about it like I do.”

  “Well, we-1-1!” gasped Spade in feigned
astonishment. “Why, hello, St. Peter.
When’d you quit tendin’ bar in the Nug-
get Saloon and begin distributin’ tracts.
Say, you red-headed Irishman, if you want
to begin preachin’, get a paint-pot an’ go
to it—but come first inside an’ paint a sign
‘Bartender Wanted’ and let me pay you
off.”

  Carver only swore.

  Presently, craning, the three shifted their
positions in the shade to see what Obadiah
had produced.

Whatsoever a man soweth,

  Moore read the words quizzically.

  “ ‘Whatsoever a man seweth?” repeated
Spade wonderingly.

  They waited in silence until Obadiah had
finished the third side before they ven-
tured out into the dazzling Arizona sun to
view the result.

That shall he also reap.

  Spade stared at Moore in blank unbe-
lief. He started to speak but caught his
word half uttered and doubled in raucous
laughter.

  “Neckkid,” he gasped, “seweth—shall al-
so rip. Haw, parson, you gotteth off a new
one on me. Come inside an’ have a drink
on the house.”

  Obadiah waved his brush in lieu of reply.
On the fourth side he was laboriously print-
ing his final shot.
Three Wise Men

43

Strong Drink is Raging. Whosoever is deceived
thereby is Not Wise.

  Obadiah, feeling well paid for his morn-
ing’s labor, hummed as he neatly repacked
his kit.

  “ ‘Strong drink is r-a-g-i-n-g.’ ” Spade
was endeavoring to lind out what Obadiah
had said about strong drink on his well-
curb. Eventually he decided the word
was “rag-ging.” He announced: “Strong
drink is ragging. What the-”

  “You bet it is,” Moore affirmed. “That
hooch you and Carver peddle in your
honkeytonk sure puts raggin’ into a feller’s
feet and the rags on his back. Makes him
raggy, ragged and rank. I’ve been loaf-
ing around this joint a week when I’d
ought to been out to my diggins gatherin’
in a pooch-full of dust instead of spendin’
hit. Come 011 in. I’ll take a last drink
with you. I’m dry, myself.”

  “W-E-E-LL look-e-e there!”
Carver was gazing intently at
something that had appeared out
of the blistering hills at the upper end of
the gulch. A half-human object that pro-
gressed in weird humpings and stumblings
among the hot, rounded boulders of the
creek bed.

  “Well, I’d say,” mumbled Spade, leering
half-heartedly at the bobbing figure. “Looks
like a whinny-diddle.”

  “Something coming to git yuh, Spade,”
Moore jeered. “By Judas, the prophet’s
right. Strong drink is raging—I see it
myself. I’m goin’ to take a drink of
water.”

  “It’s a man, thot’s what it is,” Carver
stated. Together they peered through the
shimmering heat waves at the humping
object. Obadiah set down his tool-kit and
stared with the others.

  “Yuh see hit too, Parson?” queried
Moore.

  “I—yes, my eyes—” Obadiah brushed
the back of his hand across his face and
shaded his eyes with both hands. “Yes—
and I think it’s a man. Possibly some
prospector out of water. We’d better go
up and do what we can to help him out.”

  “What! Up there in that sun?” grum-
bled Spade. “You’re crazier ’n I am, an’
I’m drunk an’ you’re not. Go nothin’.
Send for Gawd. Let him do it. That’s
his trade, savin’ fellers.”

  “Aw, come on, Spade.” Moore slapped
Gowdy’s broad back with his open hand.
“I know you’re drunk, Spade, and it’ll half
kill you to walk out in that sun, but I just
got a hankerin’ to see. Come on; we’re
goin’, too.”

  Already Obadiah and Carver were twenty
yards up the gulch, stumbling over the
loose, hot stones and splashing around the
pools of tepid black water. Moore seized
Spade by the buckle of his protruding belt
and dragged him, protesting, after.

  “Mustn’t let him drink much of this
water,” chattered Obadiah as he and the
Irishman struggled forward, “if it’s a thirsty
prospector. Yes, see, he's down drinking
a barrel of it. Come on, let’s hurry!”

  A moment more and Obadiah had the
shaggy head of the heat-crazed prospector
in his lap, shading the tormented man as
best he could with his body and bathing the
parched lips and brow. Spade and Moore,
scarce a minute behind, fell upon the pros-
pector’s sack of ore, which Carver had
already found and was emptying excitedly
upon the sand.

  “Gold!” yelled Spade.

  “Gold!” howled Carver. “Mine—I got
it—it’s mine, I tell ye!”

  “Shut up.” Moore’s heavy hand crashed
full against Spade Gowdy’s thick mouth
and he shoved Carver aside. “Don’t
wake up the whole camp. Course it’s gold.
What else do you reckon a man ’d pack
till he croaked alive like that feller’s
a-doin?” He indicated the prostrated
man.

  “Sure, an’ I b’lave the parson’d pack his
paint-pot,” soothed Carver diplomatically.

  The three peered surreptitiously back
toward El Oro to see if, by any chance,
some one had ventured out in the noon
sun and seen them. Ail appeared quiet.
The camp, squatting low amid the baking
boulders and shimmering in the heat, ap-
peared deserted. No living thing was im
sight. Only the heat waves danced along,
the crooked white street, distorting the
buildings into fantastic shapes.

  “Let’s hide it,” suggested Spade, jerking
his head toward the ore, “an’ him, too.”
He motioned to the prospector and winked
significantly.

  “Know him? Any of you know this
man?” interrupted Obadiah anxiously, fan-
ning the patient with his hat. “I’m afraid
he’s in bad shape.”
44

Adventure

  “Not half as bad as he will be in a min-
ute,” growled Spade.

  “Help me carry him to camp, boys,”
begged Obadiah.

  “Where’d he git this rock he’s packin’,
Spade?” Moore ignored Obadiah’s plea.
“Let’s smuggle ’im off somewheres an’
when he comes alive make him tell where
he got hit at.”

  “You bet, make him tell!” grunted
Spade from where, on his knees, he was
gloating over the chunks of gold-flecked
rock. “Gold—pure yaUer gold! Talk about
Gawd—well, here he is. This is what
everybody worships and grovels down
to.”

  “Lucky dog,” murmured Carver, eying
the prostrate prospector. “Lucky dog—
say! Sa-a-a-a-y!”

  Carver looked from one to the other of
his companions, then crept softly to the
still figure and, bending over it, searched
the pockets deftly.

  “ ‘Thou shalt not steal,’ ” reminded Oba-
diah gently.

  “Bah, ye little snipe!” barked Carver.
“Ah, a-a-ah!” Eagerly his fingers drew forth
the grimy location notice. Unfolding it, he
glanced over the heading and skipped
eagerly down to the location. “ ‘In the
Jackear Peak district,’ ” he read half aloud,
“ ‘about one hundred and twenty miles in
a southwesterly direction from El Oro!’ ”
That was all. Anxiously they gathered
together and searched the document for
further guidance. There was none. The
name of the locator was signed “Henry
Blane” in a forceful scrawl, as if the writer,
at last the possessor of a fortune, had
managed to convey his pride into his writ-
ing. Clearly Henry Blane had found a
bonanza and was on his way to file his
location notice. Immediately the three
men became acutely solicitous as to Henry’s
welfare.

  “Here, Parson—” seizing Henry Blane’s
limp shoulders Moore lifted them clear of
the hot sands—“help me pack him over to
my cabin.”

  “Not much—to mine!” demanded Car-
eer, glaring at Moore indignantly.

  “Both wrong!” Spade started forward,
an evil glint in his dark eyes. “We’ll pack
him to—to—” Spade hesitated as his eyes
caught the gleaming rock scattered on the

sand. “No, go ahead, any-place.”

  Craftily, as the others lifted the limp

form, Spade thrust the rich rock back into
the sack and essayed to slip away among
the brush and boulders.

  Moore, seeing him, halted and unfeel-
ingly let the fore end of Henry drop heavily
as he drew his huge six-shooter.

  “Come on back with that sack, Spade,”
he ordered, “or we’ll lynch you here an’
now! Don’t make me bring eveiybody out
from El Oro by my shootin’.”

  Spade was loath and slow to obey.

  “Come on back, you fat booze-hound,”
Moore gritted, drawing back the heavy
hammer with a pronounced click. “Come
on in!”

  “Yes, come on in,” added Carver; “lay
thot sack on Hennery’s belly an’ grab holt
his belt opposite the parson there.”

  “And we can take him to my cabin,”
offered Obadiah; “it’s the nearest, anyhow.
I can take good care of him there, boys.
Come on, Mr. Gowdy, please, and help take
this man to my house.”

  Sullenly Spade obeyed, placing the sack
of ore on Henry’s lank middle and assisting
as Carver had suggested. Thus they stole
to Obadiah’s neat little cabin on the out-
skirts of El Oro and set about bringing
their patient back to consciousness.

  Henry Blane responded nobly to their
ridiculous ministrations. While his eyes
were yet dimmed with hallucination, his
first thought was for his sack of ore.

  “Where’s my sack?” he demanded thickly.
Then, his sight clearing momentarily, he
glimpsed the faces of Spade, Carver and
Moore bending over him. He quickly
amended it to: “Which one o’ you got my
sack? Which one, I say.” Desperately he
raised himself on one elbow and clawed for
his gun. Finding the weapon gone, he sank
back resignedly. “Take it. I know where
there’s a ledge of it as long as a crazy man’s
dream. I was a fool to bring any of it along.
Awful rough traveling—hot—straight up
an’ down—more’n a hundred an’ twenty
mile—cactus an’ brush—rock an’ loose
gravel—sand, sand, sand—sand an’
sun-”

TWENTY minutes later Henry
Blane awoke, again to inquire after
his sack. Then, once more seeing
the three hard visages hovering solicitously
about his cot, he grunted resignedly—
“Fat chanct a sick feller’s got with this
layout.”
Three Wise Men

45

  “Why, here’s your sack, Hank, right
here,” bellowed Spade jovially in his best
saloon-welcome manner, being exceedingly
anxious to retain the esteem of Henry Blane.

  “Shure,” seconded Carver, equally as
merrily. “We was only bringin’ it along
for ye to have whin ye woken up, Hennery.”
He added his hand to help Spade lay the
sack in Henry’s lap. Jim Moore, too, put
forth a hand to assist in the presentation.

  “Well I be blowed,” gasped Henry, all
precedent shaken to the foundation. Then,
seeing Obadiah hovering on the outskirts
of the trio, Henry suddenly understood.
“Ho, there’s a parson.” He settled back in
relief. “Got a parson in camp, hev you?
I see now—he made you bring it along.
Didn’t you, parson? How’d you do it,
anyhow? They’d got off with it ef you
hadn’t been watchin’, that I know. Me,
too, like as not. Eh, parson?”

  “W-w-why, no. I—I’m not a reg’lar
parson, I—I just try to be. An’ they—”
Obadiah strove to believe he was telling
the truth—“they aimed to bring it along,
all right. They’d fixed you up ’thout me.”
“I’ll bet they would,” grunted Henry
Blane positively.

  “I’m Gowdy,” Spade began heartily.
“I run the Nugget Saloon here in camp.
When you git to feelin’ like it come around
and we’ll show you a good time. The
place’ll be yours, an’ the house foots the
bill. This here’s Dan Carver, one of my
best bar-men. And this here’s Jim Moore,
one of the camp’s biggest sluicers. He
owns a mess of the best placer claims along
the gulch. An’ say, Hank, being’s you’ve
already staked off what you want of your
new discovery, can’t you let us in on what's
left?” Spade paused expectantly.

  Henry looked around dubiously.
“We-e-ll,” he began slowly, “they ain’t
much use tellin’. They’s only ’bout room
for one more stakin’. Ych, just ’bout room
for one more. ’Tain’t no cause for a stam-
pede, as they’s only room for one more.”
“Only one?” wailed Spade in dismay.
“Thought you said it was a long one.”
“Well, it is a long one, considerin’ the
quality. Six feet of it ’d make rich men
out o’ a dozen paupers. Minute I see thet
outcrop I begun puttin’ up stakes an’
monument rocks like a steamboat nigger
hustlin’ watermelons out o’ a melon patch
at night. Then, like a fool, I chips off
this forty pound o’ ore an’ hikes for to

record. I’m here now, ain’t I? An’ in a
minnit I’ll be over at the recorder’s office,
yeh.”

  “Just right,” assented Moore, “that’s
the way to do business. But now, consid-
erin’ who picked you up, savin’ yore life,
so to speak, why not go ahead an’ tell us
where this ledge is, so we c’n get what’s
left. We’ll stake her an’ divide it amongst
us.”

  Still Henry Blanc was reticent.

  “Aw, come on, Hennery,” Carver whee-
dled. “We won’t tell anybody. There’ll
be no stampede. We’ll just slip out an’
stake her off an’ come back and record.
Jist look who saved yer life.”

  “Jus’ look!” mumbled Henry, his eyes
roving over his saviors. “Yeah, jus’ look!
Still, I reckon f mought as well tell you
fdlers as anybody else. You can fight it
out amongst yerselves. I got mine all
safe, an’ there’s a million in sight left over,
so you oughtn’t have much trouble dividin’
it. Now listen—I’m only goin’ to say it
jus’ once:

  “It lays in a little canon on this slope of
the Jackear Mountains, about the middle
of the range, nearest the peaks. To git
there go out to Sandy Spring, thirty mile
west of El Oro, and then slew off southwest
straight toward them Jackears. When you
find the right canon, foller up it till you
come to a break—a plumb, blank wall that
juts right up out o’ the canon bed. This
falls is white rock'—you'll know it when
you see it if you’ve had to trace a dozen
other canons before you hit the right one.
Well, when you find this white wall in the
canon, you’ll know you’re in the right one,
so go on over and follow up the canon about
a quarter mile more, where you’ll come to
a spring with some grass around it.

  “There’ll likely be a couple o’ burros
there—mine. I left ’em there so’s to make
better speed gettin’ here. It’s a turrible
rough country between here and there—
straight up an’ down, and a jack can’t
hardly make it, an’ feed’s scarce as honesty
in politics. I wanted to come straight
across and climb the bluffs where I pleased,
so I left my burros behind. It’d take two
days longer with jacks.”

  “Yes, I know it’s rough country,” con-
conceded Moore. “I been as far as Sandy

Spring and I could see it’s rougher ’n-

beyond. Go ahead an’ tell us how to find
your ledge after we get to the spring where
46

Adventure

you left yore jackasses. On up the canon?”
“Yeah, on up the canon,” resumed
Henry. “f)n up about a hundred yards.
You’H see it—ledge crosses the canon floor;
sticks up ’bout a foot all along. My stakes
are on the right side. Take all you see to
the left. There’s a million there.”

  “Come on, men!” Spade turned to go.
“Let’s start!”

  Carver and Moore, without a word, fell
in behind him. Only Obadiah tarried.

  “Thank you, Mr. Blane!” Obadiah spoke
fervently. “Thank you ever so much. I
just feel that this is my chance. We thank
you ever so much. Use the house while
I’m gone.”

OBADIAH had to run to catch up
with his late companions. Hearing
his footsteps, they turned. Spade
appraised Obadiah scornfully.

  “Why, hello, Jehovah!” he drawled in-
sultingly. “Where’d you think you’re
goin’?”

  “Why, w-w-hy I’m—I want to go along
with you, boys,” stammered Obadiah, an
anxious look clouding his face.

  Spade cursed viciously. So did Moore
and Carver.

  “No! No! Ye poor nut,” protested Car-
ver hastily, “it’ll be an awful thrip. You’d
niver git more’n half-way there. You’re
too—too weak, parson.”

  “Sure, weak!” raged Spade. “Why if
that dried up little apostle can hike out to
where we’re goin’ I c’n walk to Jerusalem
an’ back in an hour. Why, you little wart”

—Spade glared down at Obadiah—“this is
a he-man’s game. Trot back to your
Bibles, pronto!”

  “You’d never make it, preacher,” added
Moore pacifyingly. “It’s a hundred and
twenty miles of the roughest, hottest going
this side of-. No use your even want-
in’ to go.”

  “Oh!” Obadiah’s tone expressed real
agony. “Oh, boys, let me go along!
Please! Let me try, anyhow! I won’t ask
any favors. If I can’t make it I’ll drop
out quiet-like. I’ll take my chances with
the rest of you. Just let me go along,
please! Then we’ll all be together and can
stake out the claim in all our names and
we’ll all have plenty. It’s my only chance

to make good. I just feel-”

  “Shut up, chatterbox,” growled Spade
menacingly. “You can’t go. We can’t

pack no cripples or babies along. We’ll
have all we can do to make it ourselves.
Come along, fellers.”

  “Spade’s right, parson,” added Moore,
as they turned to go. “You wouldn’t be
much force. We’ll count you in on it,
anyhow. Just keep yore mouth shut about
where we went er you’ll wish yuh had.”

  But Obadiah Higgins was not to be so
easily talked out of his one great oppor-
tunity. He followed, terrified lest he lose
his one golden chancc to make good. He
grabbed Carver and Moore by the sleeves
of the soiled undershirts they wore.

  “I’m going with you! I’m going too!”
he panted, eagerly appealing from face to
face, hoping to find a gleam of kindness.
Their faces were expressionless and hard.
His heart sank. “I’m goin’ with you,” he
insisted doggedly.

  Spade Gowdy struck Obadiah’s none too
firm chin with something like two hundred
and twenty pounds back of the blow.
Obadiah came up, dusty and weeping with
rage. Wordlessly he attacked the aston-
ished Spade with a hail of futile blows that
at best reached no higher than Spade’s
thick, hairy chest.

  “Haw,” sneered Spade, "you’re too white
around the gills. Git away!”

  With that he heaved with his open hand
against Obadiah’s meager stomach and
doubled him sobbing in the dust.

  “Now, here, Obadiah,” Carver bent over
the cramped little figure. “You gotta go
aisy if you hopes to finish out the natural
course of yer existence. You’re goin’ to
git hurted if you continue buttin’ into this
party in this manner. Now I’ll tell ye
what we’ll do. If you’ll go home now an’
get yer pack ready we’ll call along in about
ten minutes and git you and we’ll all go
together. But mind, if you say a word
about this to a soul, now or ever, you’re a
goner!”

  “Oh, I won’t! I won’t tell! I’ll go
right home and get ready to go along. Oh,
I’m so glad!” rejoiced Obadiah, the light
of supreme happiness written all over his
face. “You’ll never be sorry you took me
along. Why, I’ve tramped lots and I can
stand the hottest kind of sun. You know
I’ve worked steady around Oro the last six
months, and I’m tough as whang leather.
I’ll go right home and fix up my outfit.
I been in lots of stampedes, too, and I know
just what kind of a pack I’ll need.”

A
Three Wise Men

47

  Obadiah turned back happily and trot-
ted with a surprizingly springy step toward
his cabin.

  “Well, come on—let’s outfit,” ordered
Moore sharply. “Hustle!”

  Together they hurried along the hot,
empty street to make ready for their de-
parture. Ten minutes later they appeared,
purposefully prodding a single laden burro
out of town in the direction of Sandy Spring.

  Obadiah Higgins, standing impatiently
waiting in his own doorway, saw them go.
He watched them as they skirted the few
shacks at the edge of the town and turned
into the little-used trail that led to Sandy
Spring. He watched them until they be-
came but an indistinguishable huddle, bob-
bing about in the slanting evening sun-
light, vanishing momentarily in the choppy
gulches only to reappear, a wavering dot,
in the white road against the ridges.

  “They didn’t want me,” murmured Oba-
diah without malice. “They didn’t want
me to go along.”

  Turning, he picked up the little bundle
he had prepared and started out alone, liis
gaze riveted on the Jackcar Mountains,
which showed low-lying and purple across
the intervening miles of gashed and broken
hills.

  The combined gaze of Moore, Carver and
Spade was also turned upon that purpling
heap that rimmed the far horizon. Some-
where on the slope of that rugged range
lay a tiny, rain-gutted canon with a blind
wall—and a million-dollar prize. Eagerly
the three strained their vision toward the
distant peaks and prodded the jack pur-
posefully. Thirty miles would the beast
carry their packs; the remaining distance
of almost impassable country each man
would carry his own pack and canteen.

THE next morning the great sun
poked his hot orb over the desert
rim and smote them hotly with his
first rays. Still they plodded the trail to
Sandy Spring. It was an hour later when
they reached their goal. Thirty miles they
had come. Almost without conversation
they unpacked the burro, released him and,
in the shade of the mesquite and luxuriant
water-weed, they wearily cooked and ate
their first meal of the trip and lay down to
sleep. Their packs, to be light as possible,
permitted of no blankets, so the three deter-
minedly scooped hollows in the sand.

  The sun hung low in the west that even-
ing before they resumed their journey.
They had rested, eaten, arranged their
packs and filled their canteens. Eagerly,
each with his burden, they resumed their
difficult progress. Each hill-top they
reached, every canon-crest they topped,
gave them a glimpse of their goal—the
Jackear Peaks, a purple and white phan-
tasm far to the southwest. It speeded their
steps like the sound of running water to a
thirsty man.

  Their muscles, unused to heavy work,
protested against the pace and each broke
into an unhealthy perspiration. With the
sweat streaming from them, the setting of
the sun was as welcome as a cooling rain.
They paused on a barren hog-back to catch
the faint breath of air that stirred the sea
of heat about them. The country that lay
between them and the Jackears spread a
gashed and canoned maze of gravel hills
and precipitous cliffs. The entire hundreds
of square miles of watershed sloped to the"
southeast, and countless canons and washes
had carved their gulches in the same direc-
tion, pouring their periodical rushes of
water into the boulder-strewn channel that
drained the watershed into the Gila.

  To reach the Jackears without going
completely around the vast watershed,
they would necessarily lie obliged to cross
ever)' one of the myriad gulches. Thus,
each time they topped a ridge, it was only
to scramble down the opposite slope, then
across the canon floor and up the other
side. Up and over, across, up and over—
constantly.

  It was like going across a great city with-
out using the streets. They would climb
up the front of the first row of dwellings,
zigzag across the roof-tops, avoiding sky-
lights, air-shafts and chimneys; thence
slither down the window-ledges and water-
pipes at the rear; cross the alleyway only
to be confronted by the necessity of climb-
ing up the rear of the next row and across
the roof-tops and down the fronts into the
street. Once across the street, it would be
up and over again and again. Well, that
was the sort of a situation Moore and his
companions were in.

  Added to their difficulties were the tan-
gled growths of mesquite, greasewood and
cactus, the loose boulders and hot sands
underfoot, coupled with the lack of water
and the great abundance of heat. So, with
48

Adventure

a sigh of regret, the three resumed their
march, stumbling down the slope, kicking
loose gravel into their shoe-tops and bat-
tling with the thorny brush that tore them
mercilessly in the growing dusk.

  Throughout the interminable night they
toiled. They had decided to travel at
night, thinking the cooler air without the
sun’s burning heat would enable them to
make better time. They figured they
could make the remaining ninety miles in
at least three nights’ travel. “Walk nights
and rest days,” they had agreed. So in
the darkness they fought their way; cross-
ing the canons and laboring over the ridges;
laying their course as best they could by
the stars. Though there was a moon, it was
waning and the far-distant Jackear Peaks
were not visible as a guide, and the light
the moon afforded was negligible. Long
before the sun rimmed the eastern horizon
with red, Spade Gowdy felt the need of a
drink.

  “Didn’t anybody bring some whisky

along?” he growled petulantly. “By-,

this is the first time I ever went anywhere
without whisky. I’d give ten bucks for jus’

one shot, right now. Carver, why’n-

didn’t you think to bring some whisky?”

  “Why’n’t you?” snapped Carver. “I
feel mysilf a dhrink or two wouldn’t harm
a body. But what’s the use discussin’?
We wouldn’t carry it if we had it. I got
a plenty to pack as it is; fifteen pound I
must have, an’ it feels like a ton. No, we
don’t want whisky.”

  “I do,” insist*! Spade. “I do! An’ I
gotta have a drink, I tell you!”

  “Aw, take a drink of water,” broke in
Moore. “You’re lucky to have that. Bet-
ter go easy on it, too. It may not last.”

  “Water!” scoffed Spade. “Dishwater!
Tastes like a chip. I’d rather drink the

washings from the bar-sink. - any

man that’d go off on a trip like this without
whisky.”

  “Cut out the hard luck tale, Spade.
’Twill be hot enough in an hour an’ we c’n
slape. Kape your eyes open fer wather
sign—canteens’ll be dhry by night—How-
lee Moses! Moore, where’re ye headin’?
Look, man, Jackear Mountains are down
that way—not as ye’re goin’!”

  Moore, in the lead, paused and followed
Carver’s pointing finger to where, far down
the horizon, loomed the purple maze of
the Jackear range. He had been leading

them almost due west instead of southwest.
They had been crossing the canons at an
almost imperceptible slant to the west.

  Moore cursed vividly.

  “Well, this ends night travel. How long
we been off the track I don’t know—eight
mile—maybe ten. You bet we’ll travel
by daylight if it scorches the inside edges
of my gizzard. Henceforth we plow
straight for that peak. It’s up and down
like this all the way anyhow, so we might
as well try to save by going it straight.
Here we are, out maybe six miles of the
hardest going this side of forty years in the
wilderness.”

  ‘ ‘Howly M ither! ’ ’ groaned Carver. ‘ ‘An’
what’s worse, we gotta walk ’em yet to
catch up to where we’d ’a’ been if we hadn’t
walked ’em already. Howiver, there’s a
consolation—the farther we go, the more
likely we be to find a watherin’-place,” he
finished hopefully.

  “Come on, Spade; wake up!” Moore
shook Gowdy, who had wilted against a
boulder. “You’re a hot specimen to go
prospectin’.” He kicked Spade to his feet.

  Two hours hard travel down a canon
brought them upon a tiny seep at the base
of a sheer canon wall, where a cupful of
water could be extracted at half-hour inter-
vals.

  Exhausted, they prepared to sleep the
day out, taking turns watching the water
that their canteens might be replenished.
Continually Spade bewailed the lack of
liquor. His body, so long steeped in drink,
craved it to an excruciating degree. Nei-
ther food nor water could satisfy; it was
whisky that Spade Gowdy craved; his face
and the palms of his hands already had
begun to swell; his thick speech and strange
eyes told of the torture he was suffering.

  His companions, distressed, but in a
lesser degree, did not seek to ease hisTnisery.
Better for them, they reasoned, Spade
should drop out. Spade was a burden;
with him out of the way they could make
better time, and the riches at the end
could be divided fifty-fifty. A two-way
split meant a half million dollars, and a
half million dollars will buy—yes, quite a
lot of things.

  At evening the discussion arose as to
whether they should travel this night or
await the dawn. Their rapacious minds
reasoned for haste, but their sore muscles
parleyed for rest. In the end they decided
Three Wise Men

49

to abide by Moore’s advice and resume the
journey at dawn rather than chance going
astray in the darkness.

IT WAS Jim Moore who insisted
upon the delay and it was Jim
Moore who, an hour later, assuring
himself the others were asleep, took his can-
teen and slipped away in the direction of
the Jackear range. He was not afraid of
losing his way; Jim Moore could lay a
straight course in any country by night.
Deliberately he had planned to abandon
his companions and gain the prize alone—
a million dollars and a oneway split.

  The discomfort of lying on a gravel bed
with muscles stiff and aching from unac-
customed use, together with several hours
of sleep during the day, left Carver a trifle
wakeful. He had been lying in the sand
wooing slumber when he heard Moore’s
slight stepping. When he was satisfied
Moore had not merely gone to the seep for
a drink, Carver raised his head and peered
after the huge figure that showed darkly
against the stony face of the canon wall.
Without emotion Carver impassionately
drew his gun from its holster and fired.
The range was not long, yet Carver missed.
Moore wheeled to return the fire, but Car-
ver beat him to it—two shots in quick suc-
cession.

“Cut it out!” yelled Moore. “You got
me in the leg! I’m cornin’ back anyhow.”
“You’d better!” grunted Carver savagely.
“Why, what’s the matter?” Moore
whined. “I was just huntin’ a place for
us to get out of this canon in the morning.”
“Yis, wid yer outfit all on yer back.”
Spade had awakened at the shots.
“What’s the shootin’. What’s goin’ on

here?” he gabbled. “Who’n -”

  Moore’s voice from the darkness an-
swered the question.

  “That’s all right, Carver,” he compro-
mised ingratiatingly, “I want to come in.
Cut out the shootin’, Carver; my leg’s
hurtin’ somethin’ powerful. Third of a
million’ll do me, anyhow.”

  Long before sunrise they had taken up
their painful journey. They calculated
they were sixty miles from their prize.
Sixty miles may not be a great distance
over a well-defined road or trail, but it can
lengthen out into a horror when cut and
gashed by canons and barricaded by thick-
ets of thorny brush and great gravel ridges.

4

Those sixty miles up and over, down and
through, detouring rocky gorges and clam-
bering over craggy precipices, doubly ham-
pered by Moore’s injured leg and Spade’s
growing delirium, were full of toil and
pain.

  The day passed in laborious misery. They
traveled possibly fifteen miles in ten agon-
izing hours. The night was spent in fitful
sleep and on the morrow they took up their
task. Moore’s injury grew steadily more
painful. Of the three, only one, Carver,
was in anything like fair shape.

  Spade Gowdy had long since ceased to
think, and traveled erratically, battling with
invisible monsters and reptiles. His crav-
ing for whisky was only equaled by his
craving for rest. He ate almost nothing,
and what he did eat he could not assimilate;
his figure became emaciated and his mus-
cles responded slowly. Only occasionally
was his mind rational. At such times he
begged piteously for liquor and cursed them
vehemently for their negligence in coming,
away without whisky. Yet he hung in
line, staggering awfully to keep up, grimly,
clinging to the almost forgotten' hope of
sharing in the prize that lay in the little
canon of the Jackear Mountains.

  Jim Moore hobbled at the rear, partly
because of his injury but principally to
prevent Carver from going on alone. There
existed armed peace between Moore and
Carver, with the latter constantly alert to
seize any opportunity to slip off and leave
the slower pair. Moore was equally vigi-
lant to prevent him. Each, therefore,
slept but little.

  There were hours when they all suffered
agonies of thirst. Water was scarce, yet it
existed in sufficient quantities that the
travelers might, by making miles in futile
search, find enough to keep them alive as
they went! along. For food they cared
little, but watef—water they must have.
Sometimes they came upon water when
their canteens were already full. Then they
would drink as much as their empty stom-
achs could possibly hold, and stagger on,
harboring the sloshing fluid in their heavy
canteens for fear of not finding water
again.

  Then at times they would find water, only
after their canteens had long been dry and
their tongues and throats parched and
gummy. They would fling themselves
down beside or even in the lifesaving seep
50

Adventure

  and drink and gorge until they lay cramped
  and vomiting upon the sands. These were
  not true men of the desert. They had lived
  to grow fat from the labor of others.

    Four days later—the seventh from El Oro
  —their search led up a'-Small canon, one
  of hundreds that came down out of the
  Jackear Mountains. Following this, they
  reached a blind wall, a sheer white cliff jut-
  ting abruptly from the canon floor.

    Carver eyed Moore calculatingly.

    “This is the cliff Henry Blane told us
  about,” he said.

    “Sure is,” replied Moore, his hand upon
  the butt of his heavy six-shooter. “Go
  ahead.”

    “What about him?” Carver indicated
  Spade.

    Moore indifferently regarded the swollen
  face and dull eyes of the once hearty lead-
  ing citizen of Oro Gulch. Spade was be*
  yond hope of being able to appreciate the
  great consequences of the moment. Moore’s
  "-eyes roved over the emaciated, puffed
  figure arid he scratched the back of his hand
  reflectively.

     “He’s all in,” he remarked lightly “Let’s
  leave him here.”

     “All right,” agreed Carver. “Fifty-fifty?”

     “Sure, fifty-fifty. Just right!”

    “Half a million,” gloated Carver. “I’m
  goin’ up.” He started to climb.

   “Not too - far ahead of me, you

  ain’t,” sT\arled Moore painfully dragging
  his injured foot into step. “I’ll set the pace,
  pardner; you can go ahead, but see to it
  you don’t go too fast. We’re close to taw
  an’ I don’t stand for no monkeyin’. I’m
  goin’ to see that my name goes on that
  discovery notice whether we either one of
  us ever makes it back to El Oro or not,
  sabc?”

WORDLESSLY they climbed over
  the cliff. Then for a quarter mile
  they followed the sand wash that,
  during the rainy season, poured its flood over
  the break behind them. Rounding one of
  the countless crooks, they camc in sight of
  an open glade with a spring and a grassy spot
  about it. Two burros nodding under the
  thick mesquite put their ears forward in-
  quisitively.

    “Henry’s burros,” exulted Carver.
  “We’re in the right place. Henry left his
  jacks at the spring. Tis only a step to
  the big find.”

  “Not sO fast, there,” warned Moore.
“I’m dry. That spring looks like a million
dollars to me. I’m goin’ to drink first.”

  “Yis, an’ me, too. Shure I’m as dhry
as a conthribution box, almost. I’ll drink
wid ye.”

  “But we ain’t goin’ to run for it.”

  They approached the spring and, flat on
their bellies, they drank of the cool trickle.
Presently Moore raised his head and peered
intently at a reflection in the water. What
he saw caused him to look about, and there,
on the side of the huge rock that over-
shadowed and was reflected by the spring,
appeared in the big, boyish letters they
had learned to know so well:

Be not Deceived; God is not Mocked.

  A few steps farther up the wash, where
the cold ashes of a dav-old camp-fire spread
white against the smoke-blackened base, a
great boulder bore the holy legend:

God giveth Power to the Faint. To them that
Have No Might, He increaseth strength. Isa. 40.

  In silence the two men stared at each
other. Moore broke the spell.

  “If he’s up there I’ll shoot him like killin'
sheep,” he whispered hoarsely, jerking his
head in the direction of the ledge.

  Carver nodded approvingly.

  In silence they arose, their six-shooters
naked in their hands, and stole up the wash
to where a ledge of inestimable richness
cut across the rock-ribbed canon, its gleam-
ing content seemingly mocking them in
their utter powerlessness, for their quarry
was not there. Minutely they scanned all
that was visible of the place. The rock
monuments and discovery stake placed by
Henry Blane were in view to the right, and
to the left were the neatly erected monu-
ments of another locator. On the huge,
rounded boulders about the discovery
stake were printed righteous sentences:

Thou art my Hope.

Exalt ye the Lo'rd.

  Carver stooped to pr a nugget from the
rich vein.

  “Goin’ to take a sackful?” inquired
Moore, himself breaking off a huge chunk
with a stone.

  “Sack, nothin’,” exploded Carver. “I
got all I c’n do to get back to Oro. I’m
out o’ grub, almost.” Regretfully he gazed
Three Wise Men

5i

at the vein. “Million!” he muttered, cal-
culating the seamed ledge. “Million! If
thot ledge is ten feet deep there’s ten mill-
ion.”

  Carver swore and slammed his heavy
gun down among the sand and stones of
the canon floor.

  “If thot little runt was here now I’d
shoot ’im into a million scraps. I’d make
him look like a nickel’s worth of sausage
shot from a cannon. Well, I’m goin’ up

an’ look at his-location notice; mebby

the fool didn’t have sense enough to get it
straight at all.”

  He cursed again, vehemently, as he strode
across to the location monument.

  Moore followed. Together they drew
forth the folded paper from the piled stones.
Written upon it in a prim, stilted hand was
the description, according to the legal form,
of the location. The length and width of
the claim was set forth, and the distance
in feet from the point of the notice to each
end of the claim, together with the general
course of the claim, the date, and the local-
ity with reference to the Jackear Peaks.
The name of the claim was set down as
“The Crazy Man’s Dream” and the names
of the locators were recorded therein as:

                Obadiah Higgins
                Spade Gowdy
                Jim Moore
                Dan Carver.

  Obadiah Higgins had made good.

  The two men cursed vividly.

  “He’s half-way to the recorder now,”

roared Moore, seizing the paper and rend-
ing it into bits, “but by-, if I catch

him before he gits thar, there’ll be one less
name on that paper. Here, Carver, you
catch up Henry’s jacks. Let’s see if we
c’n make it back to Oro. I can go without
eatin’, but I can’t hoof it. Git ’em! Let’s
go. Spade’s done for; leave ’im lay. No!
Don’t you try pickin’ up yore gun. I’m
th’ gunman now. I’ll teach you how to
shoot a pardner in the leg’n’ cripple ’im.
Git them jacks.”

KJjS A WEEK later two patient burros
swayed into El Oro. Dried sweat
stood on their shoulders and flanks
and they sucked thirstily at their lolling
tongues. The hair on their backs was
rumpled; evidently there had been riders
the day before or, perhaps, the week before
that. Straight to the little trough beside
the new well-curb they went and thrust
their parched muzzles gratefully into the
cool water.

  Henry Blane, standing protectingly at
the side of Obadiah Higgins, who was con-
versing with a group gathered in front of
the recorder’s office, shaded his eyes with a
gnarled hand.

  “Why,” he exclaimed surprizedly,
“them’s my burros!”

  Satisfied, the two burros stood before the
new well-curb placidly shooing the flies
with their bristly tails. Above their droop-
ing heads and contentedly waving ears was
the holy reminder—

God is not mocked.
ASSIGNATS

Henty Leverage,

Aulhor of “TheIron Dollar."

VHEN Ivan with the long sur-
name walked down the beach
at Novgorod he found three
men. These men were sit-
ting on their haunches staring out over the
Japan Sea. Ivan spoke to them in English.

  “I have a ship,” he said.

  The first man glanced at the second; the
second stared at the third. They rose from
their haunches and wrapped their rags
around gaunt limbs.

  “A ship in this accursed port?” asked one.

  “A bloody lie!” exclaimed a second cast-
away.

  “Ah hae me doots,” rasped a third
derelict.

  “It is a fact, gentlemen,” said Ivan with
the long surname. “The ship is loading
between here and Vladivostok. She wants
but a master, a mate and an engineer.”

  The three men grew sad. They had been
broken on the rack of peace. They had
come ashore at Novgorod in a leaking sam-
pan. The government of Japan was at
that moment interested in their where-
abouts.

  “Our papers were lost in a great storm at
sea,” said the leader of the trio, whom men
called “Micky” McMasters. “You mind
the vast simoom?”

  Ivan, the Russian, spread out his hands.
His great spade-shaped beard fluttered in
the warm Japanese breeze. He thumped a
be-medaled chest.

  “Come with me!” he said. “Papers or
no papers—it is you three who shall take
the Shongpong out across the sea.”

  “He talks like a poet writes,” whispered
“Red” Landyard, a Yankee mate, to Mike
Monkey, the Scotch engineer.

  “Ah hae noo doot he’s read a wee bit.
How otherwise would he know we were on
the beach at Novgorod? There is a price
on our heads.”

  Micky McMasters edged the big Russian
away from his whispering companions.

  “This ship,” asked the little skipper,
“this boat you ’ave loading between ’ere
and Vladivostok—what flag does she fly?”
“Her home flag is Chinese. Her crew
are loyal Russians. Her cargo, now going
aboard, is caravan tea. This tea must be
taken to America where Victoria on the
Island of Vancouver is. Do you know the
route?”

  Micky felt his heart thump like a mallet
inside a cask. He had sweated and toiled
and starved on the mud flats of Novgorod.
He sensed the coming of a bitter Winter.
And here was a hard-eyed Russian offering
him and his mates a ship for the Pacific
broadside, where white men walked and
roses bloomed and shirts could be worn.

  “I’ve steamed and sailed, man and boy,”
he explained, “going on thirty years, i’m
’Umber born—at Great Grimsby on the
North Sea. My mate, the tall man with
the red face, is an American out of New
Bedford. My first engineer came from
Tyneside—where they build good ships.
We take no back-slack from nobody. Show
me your ship, says I, and I’ll work
’er across the Japan Sea and east by the
line to Victoria.”

52
Assignats

53

  “That is settled,” said Ivan Alexandrov-
ski. “You may come with me.”

. Micky McMasters gathered the tattered
collar of his dungaree coat around his un-
shaven neck.

  “One more question before it becomes a
contract,” he said suspiciously. “Are you
loyal Russian or are you Bolshevik?”

  Ivan with the long surname smiled
blandly. He stroked his straggling beard.
He stared down at the little castaway.

  “Loyal Russian,” he said. “I have a
home in Vladivostok—where Allied troops
are guarding.”

  Micky turned, jerked his head toward his
mates who stood shivering in their rags, and
shouted:

  “The contract’s signed! A fair thing for
all of us. We work the Shongpong across
the western Pacific.”

  “Ye arranged about terms?” asked Mike
Monkey, siding up to the skipper and glanc-
ing at the Russian.

  “Terms?”

  “Bonuses and wages?”

“We’ll leave that to our noble friend.”
Mike gulped and spat to the mud flat.
“Last time Ah left that,” he said, “Ah had
nothing coming to me when Ah went
ashore.”

  The Russian drew himself erect.

  “The scale of wages,” he declared, “shall
be, for you three officers, one thousand
rubles a week—paid at Victoria.”

  “How much is a ruble?” asked Mike.
“Two shillin’,” hissed the cockney
skipper.

  “Twa shillin’? That make a hundred
pun a week! Ah hae noo doot it’ll be well
earned before the end of the passage.”
“Where’s the ship?” asked Red Land-
yard. “Show me the Shongpong!”

  The Russian led the way up the beach.
Two hours stiff walking brought the cast-
aways to a cove in which lay a rusty tramp
flying the Chinese flag and swarming with
coolies—like ants on a cockroach.

  Mike Monkey stared at the boxes which
the coolies were carrying aboard the
ship.

  “Tay!” he spat. “Aya, it may be tay
and it may be something else. Them ain’t
Chinese marks on the sides.”

  “Russian!” explained Ivan. “Come with
me aboard my ship. You can see the boxes
are marked with Russian letters.”

  Micky McMasters jabbed the engineer.

in the ribs as they trailed up a shaky gang-
plank and sprang from the Shongpong’s un-
polished rail at the waist.

  “Be careful!” he warned. “Don’t ask no
bloomin’ questions. * Wait till we cross the
Sea o’ Japan!”.

  Mike gulped. He eyed the decrepit
back-stays and standing rigging of the
tramp. He ranged a fluttering glance
along the dirty planks of the freighter. He
shifted his tongue in his mouth as he
stared at the drunken-looking funnel, which
bore evidences of poorly patched shot
holes.

  “A rum hooker,” he told Red Landyard.
“She’s had her name painted out about five
times. She’s no more’n eight hundred tons,
if she’s that. She’s a broodin’ menace ov
some kind. Ah wash my hands of this
voyage.”

  “You’re ’ands need washin’!” snapped
Micky McMasters. “Drop below and look
over the engines. See hif there’s any coal
or supplies aboard. Report to me on the

bridge.”

  “D’ye call that a bridge?” Mike pointed
forward of the tipsy funnel, which was
painted light blue.

  “Hit’s a better bridge than the mud flats
of Novgorod!” Micky said. “Get below
and report. I’m skipper ’ere!”

MIKE’S report, delivered between
clamps upon a chew of Chinese to-
bacco borrowed from a coolie, was
tense and bitter.

  “Ye hae no conception of the state of
things below,” he told Micky McMasters.
“There’s only one double-door boiler. It
was made in Canton—China. The engines
are cross-compound of the vintage of Isaac
Watt and Robert Fulton. The coal is Jap-
anese—twa bunkers of it. The stoke-hold
leaks and the shaft-alley is full of bilge
muck. Ah saw the stuffin’-boxes jettin’
water myself. The last engineer of this
packet wrote wot he thought of it on the
ditty-box door. He said enough. His
name was MacFarland.”

  “What’s that got to do with hus?”

  Mike walked from starboard to port of
the tramp. He stared down at the fine of
coolies who were staggering aboard under
the last of the boxes. He watched the yel-
low hands of the gang in the fore-hold reach
for the cargo. He came back to Micky
McMasters.
54

Adventure

  “Wot’s it got to do with us?” he re-
peated. “It’s got a lot. Ah doot if we
make Japan—let alone Victoria.”

  “We’ll try,” said Micky sadly. “The
Russian says we can clear at nightfall. 'E
and ’is crew are coming aboard then. I
tested the steering-gear. It works. Who
got steam up?”

  “Three coolies who are sittin’ in the en-
gine-room waiting to go ashore. Ah bor-
rowed some cut-plug from them—enough to
last the voyage—if it lasts. They can’t talk
anything but pidgin English. Their clothes
are not worth taking—or I’d of taken
them.”

  Micky McMasters rubbed a bristly chin
reflectively. He stared at Mike Monkey’s
faded outfit. He swung his gaze to where
Red Landyard stood on the forecastle deck,
directing a gang of coolies who were clearing
away wreckage which had fallen about the
capstan.

  “This Russian,” he said with an anxious
dance at the dark outlines of the shore,
this man who hired us at a thousand
rubles a week is some kind of a big labor
captain or prince. The coolies salute him.
The two Tatars standing guard at that shed
ashore bowed when he spoke to them.
There’s a whackin’ mystery ’ere!”

  “Ah thought ye would get yer foot in it
when ah saw ye chinnin’ with that Russian
on the mud flat. He is a smuggler!”

  “No! ’E don’t look like one.”

  “Looks is only skin deep. He ought to
be skinned—with his thousand rubles a
week.”

  “ ’E ’as nobody to navigate the ship, and
the tea ’as got to be taken hover the western
Pacific.”

  “Tay? Ye are daft? D’ye call that
tay?”

  Mike Monkey pointed a scornful finger
at the boxes piled around the fore-hatch.
He spat to the bridge-deck.

  “That ain’t tay! That’s opium or hashish
or fireworks of some sort. Ah never saw
tay boxes with Russian letters on them.”
“There is good tea grown in some parts of
Russia.”

  “It’s grown! Aye, it’s grown! Wot’s to
prove this cargo growed there. It may
have been brought to this cove in a sampan
—it may have been brought in a Chinese

junk—it may have-”

  “ ’Vast with your ‘may-have’s!’ Get be-
low to the boiler! ’Ere comes a caravan or

a funeral. They’re Russians of the prov-
ince of the Don. See their beards and
their robes. There’s the big fellow who
hired us. 'E’s a bloomin’ juke, that’s wot
’e is! Kow-tow when ’e comes aboard.”
“Ye told me to go below.”

  “’Urry hup! Never mind the kowtowin’.
You walk straight and take my orders until
we get on the ’igh seas.”

  The first engineer fluttered a pair of pale
lashes in the general direction of the squad
of Russians who were winding around the
shore shed. He climbed down the rusty
bridge-ladder and glided for the engine-room
companion. He went through the single
grating and thrust his hands into the broken
pockets of his dungaree trousers as he eyed
the three coolies sitting on the crank-shaft
of the cross-compound engine.

  “On deck!” he roared at the chinamen.
“Ye all get on deck, and don’t show yer mis-
erable faces here again. Ye’re discharged!
Ye built my fires in Oriental fashion—up-
side down with all the Japanese coal on the
grates. Ye left me nothing but clinkers and
salt water in the boiler and leaking gaskets
and-”

  The last yellow man stared down through
the grating on his way to the deck and
departure.

  “Plenty much you learn by and by.” he

said softly—too softly. “Plenty much-”

  Mike picked up a rusty spanner. He had
drawn this back when there sounded the
raucous clang of an ancient gong in the
engine-room. Micky McMasters, wasting
no time, had rung for quarter-speed for-
ward before the Russian crew were well
aboard.

  Two men came down the engine-room
ladder in awkward fashion. They blinked
at Mike. They stared at the engine as if it
were an idol in a temple. They stroked
their whiskers.

  “Are ye coal-passers?” asked Mike.
  “Passengers.”

  “Wot?”

  “We are passengers.”

  “Ah asked ye if ye are coal-passers?”
Mike Monkey pointed toward the low
door through the bulkhead which separated
the engine-room from the stoke-hold.

  “Get forrard!” he rasped. “D’ye know
the skipper rang for a turn on the engines?
D’ye know there’s only thirty pounds ov
steam?”

  The Russians moved toward the stoke-
Assignats

55

hold door. Mike picked up his spanner and
followed them. He spent the next lurid
hour breaking in two green firemen whose
manners were sullen and morose.

IT WAS after sundown when the
Shongpong clamped from her an-
chorage in the cove and started
eastward over the polished waters of the
Japan Sea.

  A tan-colored moon hung in the sky. A
soft breeze swung out from Manchuria.
The powdered stars spangled the velvet
dome of heaven.

  Red Landyard, Micky Masters and Mike
Monkey came together on the decrepit
bridge of the freighter like three men mak-
ing a common report.

  Ivan with the long surname and most of
his following were in the lighted cabin
where rose the quarter-deck of the freighter.
A lone lookout stood on the forecastle head.
He was smoking a long-stemmed pipe. The
ashes from the bowl of this pipe made tinder
of his whiskers. Now and then he pressed
out the sparks and swore in Russian.

  A second and sinister figure squatted on
the fore-hatch. He had a rifle across his
knees. The end of this rifle was tipped
with a polished bayonet.

  “Standin’ guard,” said Micky McMas-
per. “The grand juke put ’im there to
watch the tea.”

  “Tay!” said Mike Monkey. “Ye still in-
sist it is tay?”

  Micky squared his jaw. “I know noth-
ing,” he said, “save that we are ’oldin’ a
course for ’Akodate and the Inland Sea,
which we should reach this time day after
tomorrow—if the steam don’t die out alto-
gether.”

  Red Landyard stared at the Russian on
the fore-hatch. He eyed the bright point
of the steel bayonet.

  “They’re quiet now,” he drawled, “but
we’re hardly out of sight of land. I expect
I’ll have to chain a man or two before long.
The forecastle is a volcano. Hear them
talking? They’re arguing some point in
Russian.”

  Micky swung and eyed the break of the
quarter-deck, which showed four lighted
port-holes within the smudge of smoke that
draped from the tipsy funnel.

  “They’re doing the same aft,” he said.
“Ivan, the grand juke, is leadin’ in the
prayin’ or whatever it is. I never saw such

a crew for talking. I don’t know who are
passengers and who are workin’ the ship.

I wish I’d studied Russian.”

  “Wot good would that do?” asked Mike
Monkey. “They wouldn’t reveal their se-
cret plans to us.; Wot did they bring the
rifle aboard for? Wot’s to prove we ain’t
shipmates with a howlin’ bunch of anar-
chists? They’re quiet now. Them twa in
the stoke-hold only look at me and chew on
their beards when Ah give orders. They’re
waitin’ for somethin’!”

  Micky strode across the bridge. He
gazed sadly at the ripples that curved from
the Shongpong’s straight bow. He esti-
mated the speed of the ship to be not more
than seven knots an hour. There was no
bridge-rail log.	*

  He came back to Mike Monkey and Red
Landyard.

   “Briefly stated,” ye said, “we’re in the
’ands of Providence. Anything is likely to
’appen with all that talking fore and aft.
The course the grand juke gave me is to the..
Pacific—by the nearest strait. I’m ’olding
that course. That’s all I know. I ’ave a
wife and children at ’ome. I was thinkin’
of them when I took the contract to work
this ship to Victoria.”

   Mike studied the little skipper’s dungaree
jacket and unshaven face.

  “How many Russians are there aboard?”
he asked.

   “Sixty or seventy.”

   “Then Ah resign if it comes to blows. Ah
am weak from starving on„the beach of
Novgorod. All Ah have been able to find to
eat on this hooker is caviar and salt fish.
Ah would as soon eat clinkers.”

  A door slid open aft. A rolling voice
struck forward. Ivan appeared, followed by
two Russians. They were wrapped to the
beards in great coats trimmed with fur.
They climbed the bridge-ladder and stared
at the binnacle.

  “East she is,” said Micky. “East, a
quarter point north.”

  Ivan swept the sea with a long glance.
He nodded and pointed over the freighter’s
stumpy jib-boom.

   “Japan lays there?” he questioned Micky.
   “Yes. Habout four ’undred miles.”
   “Have you sighted any ships?”

  “None, yet.”

  “If you do call me on deck. Answer no
signals. Keep the Chinese flag flying.”
“The Union Jack would look better!”
Adventure

  Ivan stroked his beard.

  “You take my orders,” he said icily.
“Avoid any suggestions. Keep away from
smoke, sails and particularly gunboats of
foreign powers. I’ll double the thousand
rubles which I have agreed to give you three
officers. I'll increase it to two thousand
rubles a week.”

  Mike gulped and drew his scrawny neck
deep into his collar. He waited until Ivan
and the Russians had descended tbe bridge-
ladder and walked slowly aft to where the
light streamed from the open cabin door.

  “Ye heard that!" grated the engineer with
scorn. “Ah thought it was possible to get a
thousand rubles a week. Ah expect noth-
ing now. It's too good to be true. All
minds the lilqss o’ that Russian! It was in
Guatemala where I was paid three thousand
pesos a month. The pesos were worth six-
pence on the pound.”

  Micky McMasters shook his head.
“Anyway,” he said, “we’re on the first leg
’ome to blighty. We’re gettin’ a free pass-
age. That's something!”

  Mike Monkey went below to the clanking
engines. Red Landvard stared forward and
aft. He entered the chart-house and turned
in across the single seaweed mattress it
contained.

  Micky stood the watch until midnight.
He woke the Yankee mate, gave the course
and dropped down into the engine-room.
He sat with Mike until two bells. The
Scotch-Irish engineer was bitter against the
Russians. He rose now and then and
peered through the stoke-hold door, where a
lurid light glowed.

  “Twa stokers,” he said, “and no fire to
speak of.”

  Micky glanced around in caution as the
engineer came back for the third time.

  “Investigate the fore-hold,” he whispered.
“Find out what is in those tea boxes. Don't
let anybody see you doing it. There’s a
plot of some kind aboard this ship.”

  “They’ve talked enough for a revolu-
tion.”

  The little skipper paused on the first
round of the engine-room grating.

  “Get forrard when you can,” he whis-
pered. “Open one of those boxes.”

  Mike gulped and nodded. He drowsed
out the morning hours and climbed to the
deck at the first crack of dawn. He waited
all the day for a chance to creep through the
stoke-hold without being detected by the

two Russian stokers. A second night came
and after night the twinkling lights of the
Inland Sea. No chance afforded itself in
the passage between the Japanese Islands.

  It was morning of the third day when
Ivan with the long surname dashed thoughts
of a discovery in the forehold by summon-
ing all hands to the waist of the Shongpong.

A WILD seascape greeted Mike’s
eyes as he hurried up the engine-'
room ladder and braced his spindle
legs athwart the planks.

  The duskv outlines of the Japanese Coast
were fast fading in the west. The wind
swung out of a biting north. The sea had
been stirred by the tail of a storm. The
dingy freighter, with her tipsy funnel and
standing rigging, rolled and tossed. She
threatened to have the two masts out of her
at any moment.

  Micky McMaster stood the bridge with
Red Landvard. Ivan and all of the Rus-
sians, including the crowd from the fore-
castle, were gathered beneath the shelter of
the quarter-deck’s lift. They glanced at
Mike Monkey and started chattering in
Russian. His eyes lifted over their heads.
He gulped and moved his Adam’s apple up
and down his scrawny throat. He spat to
the deck.

  The Chinese flag which had been flying
from the jack staff had been replaced by a
red oblong. It showed baleful in the rays
of the sun.

  Mike turned his chin. He looked at
Micky. The little skipper's jaw was square
set. His shoulders were thrown back.
There was a fighting fire in his eyes.

  “Wot happened?” asked Mike shrilly.

  “Our friends are in charge of the ship,”
said Micky over the bridge-rail. “Come up
’ere! They’re going to take a vote for cap-
tain, mate and engineer. They say all
things in their government should be settled
by a vote. They’re going to elect a citizen
captain.”

  “Wot is their government?”

  Micky gripped the rail.

  “Bolshevik!” he snapped.

  Mike steadied himself on the wet planks.
He spat to the deck for a second time. His
glance ranged from the little -skipper to
Ivan’s broad face.

  “Ah thought so!” he rasped. “We’re de-
luded men!”

  Ivan strode from the press of Russians
Assignats

57

beneath the break of the quarter-deck.
He mounted the main-hatch. His voice
rose and fell with the whine of the north
wind. He spoke in gusty torrents. He
pointed to the red flag aft. He turned and
leveled an accusing finger at the bridge
where Red Landyard and Micky stood with
folded arms.

  Mike squinted at the half-circle of Rus-
sians. They were being worked up to a
storm by their leader. A fur cap was
passed. Into this was dropped slips of pa-
per upon which were scrawled names. A
rifle’s bayonet lifted above the heads of the
Bolsheviki. A club swung.

  Mike leaped for the bridge-ladder and
climbed to the bridge like a frightened ape.
He worked his lashless brows up and down.
He spat through yellow teeth:

  “Wot’s the answer? Wot happened?”
Micky McMasters sighed. He thrust his
hands in his pockets resignedly.

  “Hit’s hall hup!” he declared. “They’re
electing a citizen captain to take my place.
They’re voting for an engineer and mate.
They say there should be equality on the sea
as well as on the land. ’Ere comes hour
substitutes!”

  Mike glared at three Russians who had
detached themselves from the others. One
was a former coal-passer. Another had
come aft from the forecastle. Ivan made
the third.

  The Russian stood beneath the rocking
bridge and said sternly:

  “You mutineers get below to the stoke-
hold. We will guide the Shongpong out
across the Pacific. We will make our own
report without your aid. We need you on
deck no longer.”

  Red Landyard snatched up a belaying-
pin from the lee rail.

  “--you!” he shouted. “I signed on

as mate—and I'll be mate!”

  “And I’m captain!” shrieked Micky.

  The fight which followed was all one-
sided. A hoarse command from Ivan was
answered by a determined rush forward.
The Bolshevik horde swarmed over the
bridge of the wallowing freighter. Micky
and Red Landyard fought them tooth and
nail. They swung belaying-pins and a
chart-case. They finished their end of the
struggle upon their knees—to which posi-
tion they were beaten by the press of num-
bers.

  Mike, considering discretion the better

part of valor,, managed to creep along the
weather rail and spring for the engine-room
companion. He sprawled down the ladder
head foremost. He rebounded at the grat-
ing. He snatched up a spanner and glared
upward. He braced a foot in the pit, out of
which flashed the slow-moving cranks of the
cross-compound engines.

  His chin described a quarter-circle. The
companion-way was darkened by the form
of a man. Micky, still fighting, dropped
down and struck the grating. Red Land-
yard was hurled after the little skipper.
Both seamen had been shorn of. most of
their clothes. Their faces were bleeding.
Welts showed upon their shoulders.

  “Gorblvme!” cried Micky. “Gorblyme
—give me a hose! Give me hot water!
Give me steam!”

  “Go easy,” drawled the Yankee mate,
squinting at the whiskered faces which
blocked the entire companion. “There's a
few of them left. We didn’t kill them all.”
“We ought to!" spat Micky. “Bolshe>—
viki? They’re red-’andcd murderers—that’s
wot they are!”

  “That’s my opinion,” said Mike Monkey.
“You? You!” sputtered Micky. “Where
were you when the fight started?”

  “Ah came down here for a pinch bar. Ah
was just going up when ye joined me—pre-
cipitously.”

  Micky rubbed his bleeding knuckles. He
turned a cold shoulder upon the engineer,
then stared upward. He made faces at the
Bolsheviki and shook his broken right fist.

  “I’ll ’avc you know there’s a law on the
seas!” he snapped. “I’ll report this outrage
to the next British consul.”

  Ivan pushed away the men about the
companion. He descended two rungs of
the iron ladder, turned and sneered into the
gloom of the engine-room.

  “You are to remain below.” he said coldly.
“Get steam up and give us full speed. You
will be thrown overboard if you do not
obey my orders. The citizen captain so
directs me.”

  “Where’s me twa thousand rubles?”
shouted Mike Monkey. “Coom down here
—ye scum of the steepies! Coom down!”
Ivan started descending. He thought
better of the action when Mike snatched up
an iron bar and brandished it with agility.

  “Coom down, ye Bolshevik dog! Coom
down if ye dare!”

  Ivan called in Russian. A ferocious face
5»

Adventure

appeared over the edge of the companion.
The sharp point of a bayonet extended into
plain view. The muzzle of the rifle de-
flected until it was directly aimed at Mike.

  He dropped the iron bar to the grating.
He held up his hands.

  “That let’s me out!” he cried through
chattering teeth. “Don’t shoot!”

  “Go forward,” Ivan ordered. “You and
the American go forward and put coal on the
fires. You, McMasters, attend to the en-
gines. None of you three men will be al-
lowed on deck. You will all be shot if you
do not keep the ship moving at full speed.
Those are die orders of the citizen captain.”
Micky picked up an oil can. He squirted
a stream at the nearest crank.

  “Steam on the engine!” he said to Mike
and Red.

 The two castaways went through the
stoke-hold doorway. The shovels grated on
the iron apron before the double fire-boxes.
A biting Scotch oath rolled into the engine-
room. Micky eyed the steam-gage on the
main steam pipe. It was climbing. He
glanced upward. The ferocious Russian
was standing guard with the rifle. Ivan had
disappeared.

DAYS passed in unending drudg-
ery. Food was lowered down at
the end of a line. The sentry was
changed each watch. Ivan kept away from
the companion, though his voice was
heard in loud argument concerning the posi-
tion of the freighter. Micky, stripped to his
sweating waist and smarting from the blows
he had received, grinned through the
knuckle-thick bristle on his lips.

  He kept the engines oiled. He saw to it
that the throttle-wheel was wide open.
Once he relieved Mike at passing coal. The
ship made progress of a kind. It was evi-
dent that the citizen captain had headed for
the center of the north Pacific. There was
little danger of a lee shore.

  “And may he wander like the Flyin’
Dutchman!” said Mike Monkey on*the six-
teenth day. “Ah hope he’s lost.”

  “No,” said Red Landyard, “he’s heading
somewhere. The course is always east. I
can tell by the sun. He hasn’t changed a
quarter point.”

 Micky McMasters glared at his two
mates. They resembled stokers of Hades.
Their skin was blistered. The callouses on
their hands had become small cushions.

The fighting fire in their eyes alone remained
to remind the little cockney skipper what
manner of men they were and had been.

  “The plot,” said Micky, “is thick and ’ard
to fathom. For why are they ’eadin’ to the
States or Canada? No one wants them
over there. They’ll run their bloody ’eads
hinto a noose.”

  Mike Monkey cocked a grease-lined ear.
He blinked.

  “Ye hear them chatterin’?” he asked.
“They’re sea lawyers! Ah hae hopes they
start to massacre themselves.”

Micky rubbed the bristles on his chin.
“We’ll reach land in a day or two,” he
said. “Then we’ll find out the answer for
the boxes of tea and the voyage and the
other questions.”

  “Tay!” exclaimed Mike. “Ye always
said it was tay. This looks like a tay party.

It—it-”

  The Scotch-Irish engineer’s statement was
broken by the appearance of Ivan’s bulky
form in the companion. The Russian came
down to the grating. The sentry pointed
the rifle at the group. Mike dodged be-
neath the forward bulkhead door and waited
there with bent head.

  “McMasters!” called Ivan. “Come here,
McMasters!”

  Micky folded his arms across his hairy
breast and stared at the Russian.

  “What d’you want?” he asked.

  Ivan peered through the engine-room
gloom.

  “We have decided,” he said heavily, “that
you can join us as a brother. We have
voted on it. We will make you rich. You
can be one of us.”

  “I’d rather be a dirty stoker than one of
your breed!” replied Micky.

  “We are going to give you a chance.
You can help us navigate to our port of call.
The citizen captain is not sure of his exact
position. Assist us to obtain a reading and
we will honor you by admission to the Be-
nevolent Order of Reds. We intend to raise
one billion dollars in Canada and the United
States. We shall give you a share in it.”

  “To - with you and your billion!”

Micky screamed, brandishing a broken fist.
“Get hout of the gangway!”

  “Ye did right,” whispered Mike as Ivan
climbed hurriedly through the engine-room
companion and disappeared on deck. “Ye
were not to be bribed by the scum o’ Russia.
Wot’s the answer to the billion dollars?”
Assignats

59

  Micky stared at the point of the bayonet
which crossed the sky over his head. He
glanced at the flashing cranks of the cross-
compound engines. He raised his voice
above the noise of their wallowing passage.

  “The answer is this!” he snapped.
“They’re going to Victoria and Canada to
raise a revolution. There are a lot of Bol-
sheviki in ’iding—from Victoria to the At-
lantic seaboard. This is a plot to start
somethin’ against law and order. I’ll
smash that big grand juke with a ’ammer
the next time ’e talks to me. ‘E’s insulted
a British seaman—’e ’as!”

  Mike shot a crafty glance at the stoke-
hold door. He scratched his greasy neck.

  “A plot?” he said. “Ah hae noo doot we
can nip it in the bud. All we got to do is to
open the bilge-cocks and drown the rats.”
“And we go down with them?”

  “Aye!”

  Micky shook his head.

  “We’re not martyrs,” he suggested cut-
tingly. “There may be a better way to get
rid of the scum of Siberia.”

  “Set the hooker on fire?”

  “We’ll roast with it!”

  “Ah’ll think it over, then.”

  Mike Monkey disappeared through the
bulkhead door. Micky watched the en-
gines for a long minute. He raised his eyes
and saw a shadow cross the companion
opening. A second bayonet joined the first.
Ivan had posted two guards to watch the
three men between decks. The big Rus-
sian also signaled for more speed. He was
answered by oaths from Mike Monkey and
Red Landyard.

A LONG, hot day passed. The
heat of the stoke-hold and engine-
room was a tiling to remember.
The three castaways sweated beneath the
menace of the two bayonets and Ivan’s bru-
tal oaths. The sounds from the deck were
those of a madhouse. It was evident that
the citizen captain did not know his position
on the ocean. Once the Shongpong headed
due south. Her course was changed to
northeast. She steadied and clamped on-
ward, holding an uncertain path.

  Night brought some relief from the heat.
The Japan current was swinging along the
American shore. A breeze sprang up. The
ship rolled. Lurid oaths from the Russians
came down the rusty ventilators. This was
music to the castaways’ ears.

  Midnight and eight bells brought diver-
sion. Running feet sounded on the ship’s
planks. A muffled cannon-shot echoed
from the distance. A shell burst over the
freighter’s rigging.

  Clanging bells for more speed drove
Micky from the engine-room into the stoke-
hold.

  “A gunboat!” lie exclaimed. “We’re be-
ing chased!”

  “Ah thought we would be!” rasped Mike
Monkey. “Shall Ah draw the fires?”

  The engineer’s question was answered by
a curdling oath from Ivan. The leader of
the Bolsehviki descended to the stoke-hold
door. He peered through the gloom.

  “You heard the bells!” he snarled through
his beard. “You all die if you don’t keep up
steam. We’re going to escape from the
cutter. Fortunately it is an old one.”

  Micky McMasters shook his head toward
his two mates. He followed the Russian
into the engine-room and picked up an oil-
can as Ivan motioned for the sentries to get
on deck. A silence fell upon the brooding
ocean.

  Red Landyard appeared between the
stoke-hold and the engine-room. He braced
his legs and toyed with a short iron bar.
Now and then he stared forward to where
the crimson light glowed from the fire doors.
The steam mounted in the gages. Mike
Monkey worked alone. The Scotch-Irish
engineer had evolved an idea out of the sit-
uation. He had sent Red to the stoke-hold
door in order to stand guard.

  “What is ’e doing?” asked Micky in a
whisper.

  “Sist!" said the Yankee. “Pretend to oil
the engines and keep busy. Don’t let the
sentries suspect anything. Watch the steam.
It’s going up to the bursting point.”

  Micky watched the gage on the main
steam leader. It started climbing from
one hundred and seventy to one hundred
and ninety. It went over the two hundred
mark. It dropped and mounted again.

  The little cockney skipper heard the fire
doors clanging. A baleful light streamed
past Red Landyard. A roar sounded in the
single funnel. It was as if the ship were
equipped with a double-fan forced draft.
The cross-compound engine spun like a
turbine.

  “What's ’e putting on the fires?” ques-
tioned Micky.

  “The tea!”
6o

Adventure

  “The what?”

  “The boxes of tea in the forehold,”,
husked Red. “We broke through and
looked the Bolshevik cargo over. It’s com-
bustible all right.”

 “TNT?”

  “Nope! Look out! That sentry is cock-
ing his gun. Duck aft. Don’t let him see
you talking with me.”

  Micky crawled down the narrow shaft-
alley. He sat on the thrust block and
searched his heated brain for an answer to
Mike’s energy. Hours later he heard the
scraping of rocks and shale under the
Shongpong’s keel. The ship heeled and
plunged on. Her bow crashed upon a
shelving beach. The Bolsheviki cursed. A
mast went by the board. It splintered the
deck. The funnel fell with its load of soot.
The engine-room filled with choking smoke.

  Mike Monkey burst through this pall.
He started mounting the ladder to the com-
panion. Red and Micky followed the en-
gineer. They stood on deck and ranged
their smarting eyes over a desperate scene.

  The citizen captain of the Shongpong had
found his port of call—a wooded cove on
Vancouver Island. In his zeal at the dis-
covery of the rendezvous he had neglected
to stop the ship. The freighter lay with a
seven-degree list to starboard. Her deck
was a mass of wreckage from fallen standing
rigging, mast and funnel. Above this m£lee
of twisted lines and back-stays and smoking
ventilators, towered Ivan of the long sur-
name, his great spade-shaped beard lifted on
high.

  His followers swarmed around him on the
tottering bridge. A red light showed
through the tall stems of fir-trees. This
liglit moved as a signal. A score of furtive
shadows flitted in the underbrush at the
head of the cove. Russian faces stared out
over the shoal waters of the rendezvous. A
shout of brotherhood passed between ship
and shore.

  “Coom on,” whispered Mike Monkey to
Micky and the Yankee seaman. “Coom
aft. They’re too busy forrard to notice us.
We’ll lower the dingey and escapc.”

  The cockney skipper climbed over the
deserted quarter-deck and loosened the
falls. He dropped the bow of the small
boat into the waves that curled astern of
the grounded freighter. Red Landyard
lowered the after part of the dingey. The
three castaways found oars. They rowed
for a dark cape that struck out into the
cove. They gained the beach of this point
and staggered ashore. They turned and
stared at the canted freighter.

  “See,” said Mike Monkey. “They’re
opening the fore-hold. Ah wish them luck
in wot they find beneath the hatch.”

  Micky squinted through the gloom. He
discerned dancing figures on the deck of the
Shongpong. A bloodthirsty yell of baffled
rage rose to the western stars. It was
echoed by the conspirators ashore.

  “Ah hae noo doot,” Mike Monkey rasped,
“they found ah had burned all the tay.
Didn’t Old Whiskers ask us to keep the fires
burning hot and nice? Ah kept them burn-
ing—at a price. Ah put all of the tay boxes
through the fire doors. There’s none left.”
“What was in them?” asked Micky.
Mike closed a lashless eyelid. He drew a
greasy handful of papers from beneath his
shirt. He offered them to the little skipper.

  “Rubles!” he said. “Bolshevik bonds
and rubles! They were bringing them to
Canada and the States. Ah hae an idea
they were going to sell them to the Reds in
both countries. All ah know to be sure is—
there ain’t no rubles left. Ah found them
better to burn than the miserable slag called
Japanese coal.”

  Micky saw a light. He squareset his un-
shaven chin and pointed south along the
coast.

  “We’ll walk the beach,” he said, “until we
come to a coast guard. No doubt the cut-
ter that chased the Bolsheviki is nosin’
around. We’ll show it where to go.”

  Mike thrust his ruble notes back within
his shirt.

  “Ah’ll keep these!” he declared. “They
ain’t worth a ha’penny, but they’re what we
can expect to get for wages if the Reds start
runnin’ the governments.”
JEST JIM, FIDDLIN’ J/M

Hapsburg
Lieoe

Author of “The Lavender Letter,” “Godfather to Satan's Kitchen," ek.

yE SAT before a brushwood fire in
the mildewed stone fireplace of a
moss-covered old cabin low on
the breast of Big Blue Smoky.
Night had fallen; a chilling Summer thun-
derstorm was just passing the crest of its
fury. He was alone and lonesome; he had
made the fire for light, for comfort, for com-
panionship—all three. On his knee lay a
battered brown violin, and in his right hand
he held motionless a homemade sourwood
bow. His topaz eyes were fastened on the
glowing coals; there he saw a picture of a
slender young woman, barefooted and
dressed in a simple garment of calico, whose
leaf-brown hair hung in a single plait.

  There came a keen clap of thunder, like a
farewell message of defiance from the pass-
ing storm, and “Fiddlin’ Jim” straight-
ened, smiled a little and lifted his fiddle to
his chin. He started to play, more or less
imperfectly, Schubert’s incomparable “Sere-
nade,” which he had learned from the prison
chaplain's phonograph, when his born-
woodsman’s eyes fell upon a tiling that he
had not before noticed. It was a tiling the
average person would never have noticed.

  One of the worn, flat stones of the mil-
dewed hearth had recently been moved.

  Jim Braden put his fiddle down and knelt
at the hearth. Another momen t and he had
taken out the loose stone; still another mo-
ment and he held in his two hands a wallet
of black leather which contained nearly two
thousand dollars in paper money of half a
dozen denominations. It represented more
than a fortune to Fiddlin’ Jim. He stared

at it in amazement; then he laughed softly
to himself. He closed the wallet and thrust
it into a rear pocket of his trousers, replaced
the stone, sat down on the soap-box chair
that was the only bit of furniture the old
cabin had and took up liis beloved fiddle.

      BEFORE he could lay bow to
fstr>ngj however, the door creaked
open on its wooden hinges and he
half turned his head to see a slip of a bare-
footed boy standing on the threshold, his
clothing soaking wet and dripping, his slight
body shaking from the chill.

  “Whatever on earth!” cried Jim Braden.

  Quickly but with a great tenderness he put
the battered brown violin on the floor close
beside the soap-box chair.

  “Come on in, son! Come up to the fire!
My heavens, but it shorely is cold here on
Big Blue Smoky, even in the Summer-time,
a follerin’ one o’ these lightnin’ starms!”

  He threw more brushwood to the flames,
which licked hungrily at the fresh fuel.

  The boy advanced gingerly, stopped at the
edge of the hearth and soberly looked the
other over from head to foot. He saw a
man of not more than thirty-four, a tall,
straight, muscular man whose features were
strikingly rugged and strong and yet kindly,
whose eyes were unmistakably those of a
dreamer of dreams.

  The man saw in the lad a good deal of
himself. The small new-comer had a deter-
mined mouth and chin, and his eyes, too,
were those of one who knew both the build-
ing and the destroying of castles in the air.
62

Adventure

He was sunburnt and freckled, and his hair
was of the yellowish-white color that is the
result of living in the open without a hat.

  Fiddlin’ Jim did not strive to connect
the presence of the boy with the money he
had just uncovered. He rose, went to the
door and closed it, took off his old, wrinkled,
moth-eaten coat, returned to the fire and sat
down.

  “Shed them wet clo’es, son,” he drawled
good-naturedly, “and put on this whilst
ye’re a waitin’ fo’ ye clo’es to dry.”

  He held the coat out to the fire to warm it.
The boy eyed him stolidly and silently for a
long minute; then he turned his back to Jim
Braden, unbuttoned a few buttons and let
his faded waist and short jeans trousers fall
to the floor. He looked a slim, beautiful,
pale bronze statue of enviable youth. Jim
Braden draped the little figure with his coat,
turned its face toward him and buttoned the
garment all the way. The boy smiled
faintly in his gratitude to the good Samari-
tan, spread his wet clothing out in order
that it would dry quicker and sat down on
the hearth.

  “I’m much obleeged to ye, shore,” he
said finally. “I got lost in the starm and I
seed the light. I hope ye don’t mind it
about me a cornin’ in, mister.”

  “Sartinly not,” declared Fiddlin’ Jim.
“It ain’t my cabin, nohow. It ain’t no-
body’s in pa’tickler, I reckon. I jest
stopped in here a hour or so ago. I’m plum’
glad to see ye, son. I was mighty lonesome!
Most o’ folks ’pears to be afeard o’ me ’cause
I’ve been to the penitenchy. I never killed
nobody, son, honest I never. I got ketched
in a sort o’ net, son. I stayed fo’ twelve
years. The gov’nor, he pardoned me or I
might ha’ had to stay fo’ life, ef I’d ha’
lived that long.”

  “I’m sorry fo’ ye, mister,” said the Jad.
“Thankee! But I shore l’arned somethin’
in the penitenchy; I made the most of it,
shore,” Fiddlin’ Jim continued with unusual
garrulousness. “The chaplain—it was him,
I reckon, that reelly got the gov’nor to par-
don me—the chaplain, he said I’d l’arned to
look up, fo’ one thing.”

  “Look up?” wondered the lad, drawing
the coat closer about his bare legs. “How
do ye mean, look up?”

  “Why, to see where the acorns comes
from,” laughed Fiddlin’ Jim, “acorns, the
manna o’ the hawg! A hawg never looks
up, son; it hunts fo’ acorns under a syca-

more tree or a poplar tree the same as it
does under a oak. A hawg don’t look up to
see the sun shine, neither. Also, I l’amed
to be glad I’m a-livin’. New gold money
ain’t any brighter’n life is to me, wi’ all I’ve
bore. I shorely don’t know why I’m a
talkin’ thisaway to you, son. I reckon I
was so full of it, I jest had to say it. I’d ha’
said it to myself, mebbe, ef you hadn’t ha’
come in to hear it.

  “Now s’posen ye tells me a little about
yeself, son, eh? I like ye, m’boy; somehow
ye ’minds me o’ somebody I’ve knowed
somewhere, sometime. Well, come along
wi’ ye tale, buddy-boy; I’m a listenin’.
Tell me whose boy ye are and would ye
ruther be a senator, a congressman, or a
good fiddler when ye’ve growed up to be a
man?”

  The lad looked at Braden solemnly.

  “I’d ruther be,” he said quite earnestly,
“a good fiddler, and I’m Lot Hupple’s boy.”
Fiddlin’ Jim’s face showed a big, new
interest.

  “The one,” he asked, “which used to be
called ‘Bad Lot?’ Which used to wear ring-
lets on his forrard jest to make people laugh
at him so’s he could pick a quick fight the
easier? Big as a skinned hoss and not
afeard o’ the devil on Friday?”

  “That’s him,” said Lot Hupple’s boy.
“He still wears them ringlets and he still
fights, and they still calls him ‘Bad Lot.’ I
reckon he is a bad lot! The’ ain’t nobody
that can whip him, everybody says. He
whipped a whole loggin’ outfit oncet—sup’-
rintendent and all. My name is ‘Little
Jim’ Braden.”

  “Little Jim Braden!” exploded big Jim
Braden. “What—how—how come it Lot
named ye that, son?”

  “Dunno ’zackly. But I think he used to
have a friend named Jim Braden, mebbe.
What’s yore name, mister?”

 “Me?”

  Fiddlin’ Jim was again staring at a picture
in the glowing coals. He saw the slender,
barefooted young woman in calico; he saw
himself; he saw Lot Hupple, his friend; and
he saw Dana, the young woman, turn from
Hupple and go with him. Following this,
there came the officers, the accusation, trial
by judge and jury, and, finally, imprison-
ment—all within a few months after his
marriage to Dana.

  “My name,” he drawled absently, “is jest
Jim, Fiddlin’ Jim.” Then he asked: “What
Jest Jim, Fiddlin’ Jim

63

was ye mother’s name, son, and is she yit a-
livin’?”

  “Dana, and she’s yit a-livin’.”

  “Dana?”

  Fiddlin’ Jim sat stiffly upright on the
soap-box chair. He had never known an-
other Dana. Then he believed he under-
stood. His wife had married Bad Lot
Hupple, his friend, after the cataclysm.
Bad Lot had thought enough of him, Jim
Braden, to name his son for him. It was
good of Hupple to do it.

  He had heard, in prison ten years before,
that Dana was dead. Somebody, he didn't
remember who, had written the chaplain to
that effect, and the chaplain had told him.
He hadn’t known how to read and write, and
neither had Dana. No message, therefore,
had passed between them after his being
sent to the State’s prison. The fact that
she was still living and married to Lot
Hupple—he hadn't the least doubt of it—
came as a very great surprize to him, and he
was so intensely human that he hardly
knew, at the first, whether to be sorry or
glad.

  But when a full realization of the thing
had broken upon him, he “looked up,” as
the chaplain had taught him, and was glad.

ONCE more the cabin door creaked
suddenly open, and there stepped
across the rotting sill a big man, a
Goliath of a man, smooth-faced and sun-
burnt almost to the hue of weathered cop-
per. He wore ill arranged and straggling
jet-black ringlets of hair on his forehead,
and his countenance branded him as one
most sorely distraught. Fiddlin’ Jim recog-
nized him immediately, rose and went to-
ard him with outstretched hand.

  “H’lo, Lot!” he cricd. “Shorely am glad
to see ye, old friend!”

  Hupple had recognized Braden before en-
tering the cabin; otherwise he would not
have entered. He took Braden's hand and
pressed it half reluctantly, then dropped it.

  “What’s the matter wi’ ye, Lot?” smiled
Fiddlin’ Jim. “How come it ye’re so pest-
ered in ye mind, old friend?”

  Bad Lot. the Goliath, didn’t answer. He
took two short, staggering steps backward,
as do dark villains of the footlights'. Jim
Braden went on:

  “Ye shorely ain’t drunk, Lot?” He was
still smiling; his topaz eyes were sparkling
in the firelight. “Didn’t ye know it’s as

much fun to play off drunk as it is to ack-
shully be drunk, and a feller don’t have no
habbergosh taste in his mouth nor no head-
ache in his head the next mornin’! Honest,
what’s wrong, old friend?”

  “It’s the law, Fiddlin’!” Hupple ex-
claimed, his voice hoarse and a little shaken.

“I’m in a mess. I-”

  He broke off and turned toward the open-
mouthed boy on the hearth.

  “What’re you a-doin' yere, Little Jim?”
he demanded.

  The answer came quietly, readily:
“Mother sent me to look ye up, pap. She
said to tell ye Bill Freer and three other
men is a-watchin’ the house, and fo’ you not
to come home ontel she gi’ ye a sign by
hangin’ a white cloth on the cedar in the
front yard where she usually hangs the
wash.”

  Bad Lot clenched his hands and swore
under his breath. He looked toward the
now deeply concerned face of Fiddlin’ Jim.
“Tell me about it, Bad,” Braden urged.
Hupple turned to the sober-eyed Little
Jim. He did not notice that the lad wore
Fiddlin’ Jim’s old coat; Braden and the lad,
themselves, had forgotten it for the moment.

  “Son,” said Hupple, “sneak down to the
creek that runs jest below here and ye’ll find
a path a-takin’ square out to the left, along
the bank. Put ye feet in that path and
i t'll carry ye home. Tell ye mother I onder-
stand. Hurry up, son!”

  The boy rose and slipped obediently into
the night. Bad Lot crumpled to the soap-
box chair.

  “I didn't want him to hear, Fiddlin’,”
Hupple began. “I’m a-goin’ to tell ye
everything, Fiddlin’. It was thisawav:
“You know how it alius was wi’ me. I
was borned onder a bad star, seems like.
When anything bad was done, it was alius
blamed on me. Well, when you was took
to the penitench, 1 thought ve’d never
come back, and Dana, she didn’t think ye’d
ever come back. I got sorry fo’ her, a-
seein’ her work so hard to make a livin’—
you know Dana well enough to know she
wouldn’t never be nobody’s cook, nor
sponge offen nobody. I ailus loved her,
which same ye also know. You a bein’ took
to the pen gi’ her a divo’ce, natchelly. I
begged her to marry me and le’ me do the
work fo’ us, and she fin’lly done it. It was
most—mostly ’cause I was yore friend,
Fiddlin’, that she married me.
64

Adventure

  “Well, you know how it is when a man’s
repitation is bad. It’s awful easy to hang
any sort o’ crime on his head, and a man has
to pull a crooked deal sometimes to git his
due. To come to the kyernel o’ the mat-
ter, Fiddlin’, I was ’cused o’ shootin’ and
robbin’ a cattle-buyer who’d started out wi’
a fat pocketbook, only yeste’day. The’s a
pow’ful heap o’ evidence that I done it; in
fact, the’s a plenty to send me up. Sheriff
Bill Freer and three o’ his depities rid out
after me this mornin’, but I got away.
They’re still a-chasin’ me, Fiddlin’, and I
shore don’t know what I’m a-goin’ to do!”
“And—and Dana?” Jim Braden mut-
tered.

  “Dana!” cried Bad Lot Hupple. “It’s a
worryin’ her to death!”

  Fiddlin’ Jim rubbed his chin thought-
fully, bent his head, folded his arms and
began to pace the floor. “It’s a-worryin’
her to death!” still rang in his ears. It must
be true, he reasoned. A woman like Dana
wouldn’t live with a man for so long if she
didn’t love him.

  After some two minutes of thinking,
Braden drew up before Hupple, who now sat
with his face buried in his hands.

  “Ye did rob the cattle-buyer, Bad,” said
he, “and ye brung the money here and hid
it in the hearth.”

  Rupple gave no sign that he had heard,
but he had. Inwardly he winced.

  “Ye did rob the cattle-buyer, Bad,” re-
peated Jim Braden.

  Bad Lot straightened on the soap-box.

  “I ain’t said I didn’t, did I? Ain’t a
man got to have his due for a bein’ blamed
wi’ everything?”

  “We’ll not argify the p’int,” said Fiddlin’
Jim. “Listen here, Bad. Are ye plum’
shore it’s a-worryin’ Dana thataway? Are
ye shore she loves ye, Bad? We’ve alius
been friends, Bad, and ye cain’t tell me
nothin’ but the truth; rickollect that.”
Hupple looked the fiddler squarely in the
eye. It was one of his own particular
long suits, looking people squarely in the
eye.

  “You know Dana,” said he. “Do ye
think she’d live wi’ me fo’ ten years ef she
didn’t love me? Answer me that, Fiddlin’?”
It was along the line of Braden’s own rea-
soning. Braden nodded. He was satis-
fied. He leaned slightly forward and put a
hand on Hupple’s shoulder.

  “Would ye be willin’ to lead a straight

life from now on, old friend,” he asked, “ef
ye was only out o’ this scrape?”

  “But who could git me out o’ this scrape,
Fiddlin’?”

  “Me, Bad Lot, mebbe.”

  “But how could ye do it?”

  “I don’t know, jest yit. Howsomever,
the’s a way, Bad; the’s got to be a way.
It’s fo’ the sake o’ Dana and the boy as
well as fo’ you, and it’s got to be done.
Promise me faithful to square up, old
friend; that’s all ye’ve got to do, that and ye
must stay hid fo’ a week or so, ontel I can
shift the blame. Are ye a-promisin’ me
faithful, Bad?”

  “Am I?”

  Hupple went to his feet. He seized
Fiddlin’ Jim’s hand and wrung it and gave
his word with a rather fearful oath.

       JUST then there came a tiny noise
from the darkness outside; it was
“* the breaking of a wet bit of rotting
wood. Jim Braden snatched up the boy’s
sodden clothing and flung it over the bed of
coals in the fireplace, plunging the interior of
the cabin into total darkness. Another
second and the door creaked on its wooden
hinges, and the blinding white rays of an
electric flashlight fell full on Fiddlin’ Jim’s
startled countenance.

  “Up with ’em—quick!” boomed the voice
of Sheriff Bill Freer. “Grab the roof, Lot,
grab ’er!”

  Braden put up his hands. A deputy
slipped from the darkness and snapped
manacles over Braden’s wrists.

  “Search him!” ordered Freer.

  The deputy obeyed with alacrity. He,
found the cattle-buyer’s wallet in Fiddlin’
Jim’s pocket and tossed it to the sheriff’s
feet. Fiddlin’ Jim looked to his right and
to his left. Bad Lot was not in the cabin.
Then Braden’s gaze fell upon the one win-
dow, and he knew. Hupple had escaped.

  “He ain’t got any gun,” said the deputy,
“and it ain’t Lot Hupple!”

  “I see it ain’t,” Freer replied. “Pick up
that wallet and see if McAutry’s name is on
it.”

  The deputy held the wallet to the light.
“Yes,” he nodded. “John B. McAutry.
It’s ffill o’ bank-notes.”

  Freer stared hard at Jim Braden, whom
he had never seen before.

  “How come you wi’ this, pardner?” he
asked gruffly.
Jest Jim, Fiddlin’ Jim

65

  Fiddlin’ Jim forced himself to smile.
For the sake of his friend, Dana and the
boy, he set his feet in the path of sacrifice.

  “I reckon the game’s up fo’ me,” he said
slowly. “I reckon I might as well confess
and be done with it. I held up and robbed
John B. McAutry, but I didn’t mean to
shoot him, honest. The gun went off acci-
dent’ly, Mr. Sheriff.”

  “What’s yore name, pardner?”

  “Jim.”

  “Jim what?”

  “Jest Jim. Fiddlin’ Jim,” said Braden.
“The'rest don’t matter.”

  Freer holstered his revolver, took the
John B. McAutry wallet from the hands of
his assistant, glanced into it and thrust it
into his pocket. Then he stepped heavily
toward his prisoner. The soap-box chair
was in his way; he kicked it aside.

  “Look out!” Braden bellowed. “My
fiddle—don’t ye step on that fiddle!”

  Immediately there was the crashing and
splintering of dry wood; the officer’s foot had
inadvertently demolished the battered but
much-loved old instrument. It put Fid-
dlin’ Jim clean beside himself; he sprang at
Freer like an enraged panther, his manacled
wrists notwithstanding, and drove a knee
hard to Freer’s stomach. There came a roar
from the revolver of the deputy, who didn’t
quite understand, and Jim Braden crumpled
to the floor across the poor remains of his
fiddle and lay there very still.

      FIDDLIN’ JIM sat up and looked
$jp||| about him. It was daylight; it
was, in fact, around the middle of
the afternoon. He was in a perfectly spot-
less white bed. On the log walls of the
room hung pictures in homemade black-
walnut frames that seemed somehow fa-
miliar. At his right was a homemade table,
and on it were a broken vase filled with
mountain flowers and a very beautiful,
orange-colored violin. On the floor beside
the table sat a boy; he had a barlow knife
in his hand and he was busily making a
water flutter-wheel of old cornstalks. It
was little Jim Braden.

  A door opened and a woman, half buxom
and pretty, but somewhat worn and anxious
looking, entered the room. It all seemed
queer. The woman saw that he was sitting
up, and she hurried to him.

  “Jim,” she said eagerly, “how do ye feel
now?”

5

  He recognized her when she spoke. It
was Dana. She sat down on the side of his
bed and with a wonderfully gentle hand
touched the white bandage that was about
his temples. Yes, it was Dana, Lot Hup-
ple’s wife; he was a little dazed yet but he
knew that much.

  “Where’s the sheriff?” he muttered.
“And what ’come o’ the irons that was on
my wrists?”

  “Bill Freer’s gone back to the lowland,”
answered Dana and she smiled upon him.
“The’s nothin’ ag’in ye now, Jim. Bill
Freer said he was awful sorry he busted up
ye fiddle and he brung ye a new one. See it
there on the table?”

  Braden nodded.

  “Where’s Lot?”

  “Dead.”

  “Dead?”

  “Dead—and buried.” Dana showed no
sign of grief.

  “How come that?” asked Braden.

  “Bill Freer had to shoot him in self-de-
fense. Freer didn’t believe it, when you
said it was you robbed John McAutry.
He went straight on after Lot, and he
got him afore dinner-time o’ the next
day.”

  Fiddlin’ Jim bent his bandaged head and
tried hard to remember more clearly.

  “How long have I been here, Dana?”
“More’n four days. The doctor said the
bullet broke the bone above ye left temple;
he said ye had brain fever or somethin’.
And he said ef ye come to, ye’d be might’
nigh shore to make it; and ye have, Jim,
thank God!”

  She choked. There was a little period of
silence. The boy dropped his barlow knife
and climbed to his knees at the bedside; he
watched his mother and big Jim Braden
wonderingly. Then Braden spoke again:
“So Lot’s cashed up. Pore old Lot!
Did ye love him, Dana?”

  “No,” said Dana. “I told him I didn’t
and never would, when I married him. I
married him ’cause he was yore friend—that
is, I thought he was—and ’cause I couldn’t
make it a-workin’ by myself, and ’cause Lot
told me you had died in the penitenchy!
I’m sorry to haf to disapp’int ye in Lot, Jim,
but I’ve got to do it.

  “Jim, Lot owned up to everything afore
he went; he seed he’d haf to’die. It was Lot
that done the killin’ that sent you to the
penitenchy, Jim. Him and Ben Rouse had
66

Adventure

a fight, and he shot Ben. You, hot-headed-
like, had threatened to fix Ben, as ye’ll
rickollect, only the week afore. Lot hired
them two low-down Sellarses to swear they
seed you do it, and that and yore own foolish
threat sent ye up. It’s no trouble to put
Lot out o’ my mind, Jim. I ain’t never
loved nobody on earth, it seems like now,
but you—you and this here one baby o’
mine which I named after you. He was
two years old when I married Lot Hupple.
He’s yore own boy, Jim.”

  “My own boy!” gasped Braden.

  “Take my word fo’ it,” begged Dana.

“Count up how old he is, and—and every-
thing. Jim, do ye want me back now?”
Fiddlin’ Jim turned his eyes, shining topaz
eyes, upward. His kindly, rugged face
seemed somehow glorified. Dana was afraid;
perhaps, she thought, it was his delirium
again.

  “What is it, Jim, honey dahlin’?” she half
whispered, her voice that of the eternal
mother. “What is it ye see?”

  “Nothin’ much,” smiled the man who had
learned fine lessons of life behind the iron
bars of a prison. “I was jest a-lookin’ up
to see where the acorns conies from.”

   THE HAVEN

by BERTON BRALEY

(“Little Islands tucked away down under the Line.”—Kipling.)

      THERE’S an Island somewhere down below the Line,

It’s an Island that I’ve never even seen,

       Where the level beach is delicate and fine,

And the sea is like an opal, blue and green.

Oh, the long tides ebb and flow there and I’m simply sick to go there
Where the phosphorescent combers glow and shine,

And the cockatoos are screaming and the tropic stars are gleaming
       On an Island somewhere down below the Line!

       I am harnessed in the yoke of everyday;

I am fettered to the humdrum and the dull,

      But my thoughts are always wandering away
      On the highroad of the eagle and the gull.

Far away from care and canker there’s a dream ship drops her anchor
       In a blue lagoon of coraline design,

And a slow tide gently heaves me and a dream boat takes and leaves me
       On an Island somewhere down below the Line.

There I swing a golden hammock, and a breeze

Brings the heavy scent of jungle-growth and bloom,

And the coconuts are falling from the trees.

And I hear the far-off breakers roar and boom.

It’s a dream of drowsy beauty that is kept from me by duty;

       It’s a glamour never, never to be mine,

But I still can hold the vision of a loafing-spot elysian
On an Island somewhere down below the Line!
SAID AFZEL’S
    ELEPHANT

&

  H.A.Lamb

Author of “The Rider of the Gray Horse,” “The Skull of Shirzad Mir” etc.

  Put cloth of gold upon a fool and a multitude will
do reverence to him; clothe a wise man in beggar’s
garments, and few will honor him. Yet those few
will have their reward.—Turkestan Proverb.

VE WERE three men with two
horses and two swords. We
were outcasts in the thickets
of the foot-hills of Badakshan,
under the peaks of the Roof of the World.
We had earned the wrath of the Mogul of
India and there were two thousand riders
searching for us.

  It was the year of the Ox—the year 1608
by the Christian calendar—and Jani Beg,
the Uzbek, had taken Badakshan from my
lord, Baber Shirzad Mir, sometimes called
the Tiger Lord.

  Nevertheless, we three were happy.
We had taken Shirzad Mir from the hands
of Jani Beg, who had marked him for death.

  Aye, Shirzad Mir sat in the clean white
robes in which he had prepared to die by a
twisted bowstring around the neck, and
laughed for joy of seeing the sun cast its
level darts of light over the peaks and
through the trees that gave us shelter.
Our hearts—the Ferang’s and mine—were
lifted up for a moment by the warmth that
comes with early morning. We had an
ache in our bellies for lack of food; we had
not slept for a day and a night. Also, I was
stiff with many bruises.

  “Tell me,” said Shirzad Mir, fingering
his full beard, which was half gray, half
black, “how you got me out of the prison
of Khanjut.”

While I watched, lying at the edge of
the thicket on my side, the Ferang—the
Englishman, Sir Ralph Weyand—explained
how we had climbed through the water
tunnel of Khanjut into the walls, and how
we two alone had freed the Mir while Jani
Beg and his men were tricked into looking
the other way by a herd of cattle that we
had sent to the gate of Khanjut.

  He spoke in his broken Mogholi, but
Shirzad Mir, who was quick of wit, under-
stood.

  “And whence came you?” he asked.

  Sir Weyand told how he had been sent
to India as a merchant, and had been
driven from the court of the Mogul by the
wiles of the Portuguese priests. When he
had done, Shirzad Mir rose up and touched
his hand to earth, then pressed the back
of it to his brow. This is something he has
seldom done, being a chieftain by birth,
and a proud man. Sir Weyand rose also
and made salutation after the manner of his
country.

  I watched from the comer of my eye,
for my curiosity was still great concerning
the Ferang: also, for all he had borne him-
self like a brave man that night, he was
but a merchant and I knew not how far
we could trust him. While I lay on the
earth and scanned the groups of horsemen
that scurried the plain below us, seeking
for our tracks, the thought came to me
that our fortunes were desperate.

  We were alone. The followers of Shirzad
Mir were scattered through Badakshan, or

67
68

Adventure

slain. The family of my lord was in the
hands of Jani Beg—upon whom may the
curse of God fall. To the north of Badak-
shan we would find none but Usbeks,
enemies. To the east was the nest of bleak
mountains called by some the Hindu-Kush,
by others the Roof of the World. To the
west, the desert.

  True, to the south, the Shyr Pass led
to the fertile plain of Kabul, but up this
pass was coming Said Afzel, the son of
Jani Beg, with a large caravan. I had
heard that Said Afzel was a poor warrior,
being a youth more fond of sporting with
the women of his harem and with poets,
than of handling a sword. Still, he had
followers with him, for he was bearing the
gifts of the Mogul Jahangir from Agra to
Jani Beg.

  Something of this must also have been in
the mind of Shirzad Mir, who had been lord
of Badakshan for twice ten years, during
the reign in India of the Mogul Akbar—
peace be on his name!

  “I am ruler,” he smiled sadly, “of naught
save two paces of forest land; my dress
of honor is a robe of death. For a court
I have but two friends.”

  Shirzad Mir was a broad man with
kindly eyes and a full beard. He had
strength in his hands to break the ribs of a
man, and he could shoot an arrow with
wonderful skill. He was hasty of temper,
but generous and lacking suspicion. Be-
cause of this last, he had lost Badakshan
to Jani Beg, the Uzbek.

  He knew only a little of writing and
music; still, he was a born leader of men,
perhaps because there was nothing he
ordered them to do that he would not do
himself. Wherefore, he had two saber cuts
on his head and a spear gash across the
ribs.

  Thinking to comfort him, I rose up from
the place where I was watching and squatted
down by them.

  “There are many in Badakshan,” I said—
long ago he had granted me leave to be
familiar with him—“who will come to you
when they know you are alive.”

  “Who will tell them, Abdul Dost?” he
asked mildly. “We will be hunted through
the hills. The most part of the nobles of
Badakshan have joined the standard of
Jani Beg.”

  “The men of the hills and the desert’s
edge are faithful, Shirzad Mir,” I said.

  They were herdsmen and outlaws for
the most part. Our trained soldiers had
been slain, all but a few hiding out in the
hills.

  “Aye,” he exclaimed, and his brown eyes
brightened. “Still, they are but men.
To take up arms against the Uzbeks we
need arms—also good horses, supplies and
treasure. Have we these?”

|^| SO WE talked together in low tones,
tf&A thinking that the Ferang slept or
did not hear. Presently I learned
that he understood, for, with many pains,
he had taught himself our tongue.

  We spoke of the position of Jani Beg.
Truly, it was a strong one. He himself
held Khanjut, which was the citadel at the
end of the Shyr ravine leading into India.
Paluwan Chan, leader of his Usbeks, was
at the great town of Balkh with a garrison.
Reinforcements were coming through the
passes to the north from Turkestan. Out-
posts were scattered through the plains.
Jani Beg was a shrewd commander. Only
once did I know him to err badly in his
plans. Of that I will tell in due time.

  Shirzad Mir, who was brave to the point
of folly, said he would go somehow to Agra
and appeal for mercy from Jahangir himself.
I had been to Kabul and I knew that the
intrigues of Jani Beg had made his quarrel
seem that of the Mogul and—such is the
witchery of evil words—Shirzad Mir seem
to be a rebel.

  “That may not be,” I answered.

  Then the Ferang lifted his yellow head
and spoke in his deep voice.

  “I heard at Agra, Shirzad Mir,” he said,
weighing his words, “that you were a
follower of the Mogul Akbar.”

  “Of Akbar,” nodded my lord, “the
shadow of God and prince of princes.
He was a soldier among many.”

  “So it has been told me.” Sir Weyand
rested his chin on his fists and stared up
where the blue sky of Badakshan showed
through the trees. “When Akbar was in
difficulty what plan did he follow?”

  “He was a brave man. God put a plan
into his head when it was needed. He
had the wisdom of books and many ad-
visors.”

  “And with this wisdom, I have heard
he always did one thing when he was pressed
by great numbers of enemies.”

  Shirzad Mir looked thoughtfully at the
Said Afzel’s Elephant

69

 Ferang. It was a strange thing that this
 merchant, who carried a straight sword and
 came over the sea in a boat, should know
 of the great Akbar. Verily, wisdom travels
 hidden ways.

    “Aye,” he said, “the Mogul Akbar would
  say to his men that they should attack—
  always attack.”

    “Then,” repeated Sir Weyand promptly,
 “we will attack. It is the best plan.”

   I threw back my head and laughed.
 How should the three of us, with but two
 horses, ride against the army of Jani Beg?
 How should we draw our reins against
 Khan jut? We should be slain as a lamp is
 blown out in the wind. A glance from
 Shirzad Mir, who frowned, silenced, me
 when I was about to put this thought into
 speech.

    “How?” he asked, still frowning.

    Then I remembered that I also had asked
  this question of the Ferang and that his
  answer had freed Shirzad Mir. I drew
  closer to listen.

   “In my country,” said Sir Weyand,
 “there is a saying that he who attacks is
 twice armed.”

   He then told how an ameer of Spain,
 whose empire extended over Ferangistan
 and the lands across the western ocean,
 had sent a fleet of a thousand ships against
 England in Sir Weyand’s youth; and how
 the Queen of England had fitted out a
 much smaller fleet, dispatching it to sail
 against the invader.

   “Had we waited for the Spaniards on
 s land, the issue might have been different,”
 he said. “As it was, few of the Dons
 escaped with a whole skin. The advantages
 of those attacking are these: they can
 chose the ground best suited to them; they
 can strike when they are ready; also, their
 numbers appear greater in a charge or
 onset.”

   The thought came to me that perhaps
 the Ferang, being a bold man, would not
 hesitate to turn against us if the chance
 offered. After all, he had been sent by
 his king to get money and trade conces-
 sions from India, and the small province
 of Badakshan could mean little to him.
 What did we know of the King of England—
 except that he had ships and very fine
 artillery?

    Still, at this time Sir Weyand needed the
  friendship of Shirzad Mir. And, although
  he was a merchant—which is a getter of

money—he never in the weeks to come,
and I watched closely, shunned the dangers
we faced. Instead he welcomed a battle,
and laughed, when he swung his long sword,
as if he were about to go to a feast. It is
written that a fight is like a cup of strong
wine to some. Sir Weyand was such a
man.

  “True,” nodded Shirzad Mir, who had
listened with care, “the great Mogul Akbar
once, when his men were wavering, went
forward on his elephant to a knoll where
all could see him; then he ordered his
attendants to shackle the legs of the ele-
phant with an iron chain so that he could
not retreat. Whereupon his men rode
forward, and the battle was won. Yet
we are only three against as many thou-
sands. In what quarter should we at-
tack?”

  “Aye,” I put in, “where? We are not
yet mad.”

  “We are like to be so from hunger or
thirst,” replied the Ferang, “if we do not
better our fortunes. I heard you say we
had no place to flee, and so we must at-
tack.”

  “Khanjut?” smiled Shirzad Mir almost
mockingly.

  But the Ferang was not in jest.

  “If we had a few score followers, it would
not be a bad plan. But that is for you
to decide, Shirzad Mir. You know the
country. If I think of a plan, I will tell
you.”

  That was all he had in his mind. I was
disappointed. Perhaps I had expected too
much of him.

  “Meanwhile we must eat,” I pointed out,
feeling the urge in my stomach. “Iskander
Khan will surely give us food, also weapons,
if he has any.”

  I did not add that my horse was at the
aul of Iskander Khan. Last night I had
ridden a wild ass from Khanjut. But I did
not want to do so again—until my bruises
healed.

  “It is well,” said Shirzad Mir.

  So he mounted one horse and the Ferang
the other. I trotted before them, to spy
out if the way was safe. Iskander Khan
was the friend who had aided us with his
herd of cattle and his two sons the night
before. His anl was hidden in the hills
not far away. But, as we traveled, we
did not think to find what was awaiting us
there.
70

Adventure

II

       ABOUT the time of noonday pray-
BjpP ers we came to the Kirghiz’ aul—
* three dome-shaped tents of willow
laths covered with greased felt and hides.
Over the opening of the biggest tent were
yaks’ tails, also an antelope’s head. Under
this sat Iskander Khan, cross-legged on the
ground.

  He was a very old man, bent in the back,
with the broad forehead and keen eyes of his
race and a white beard that fell below his
chest. His eyes were very bright and his
skin had shriveled overnight. His turban
was disarranged as if he had torn it in
grief.

  He rose unsteadily to his feet when he
saw Shirzad Mir. But my lord—because
Iskander Khan had rendered him a great
service, and because the Kirghiz was the
older man—sprang down from his horse
and went to meet him. Iskander-Khan
touched his hand to the earth and to his
forehead three times; then Shirzad Mir
embraced him.

  “We have come for food,” I said, looking
for Wind-of-the-Hills, but seeing him not.

  Iskander Khan lifted his hands in despair
and pointed to the empty huts.

  “It is my sorrow,” he said, “that Shirzad
Mir of Badakshan should come to my aid
and ask meat when I have none to give.
There is kumiss in the cask, and this I will
bring you.”

  He did so, filling a bowl with the mare’s
milk, which is the distilled drink of the
Kirghiz. Neither Shirzad Mir nor I liked
kumiss. When we saw how disappointed
Iskander Khan was at our refusal, we
forced ourselves to drink some. As it
happened, this was well, because the strong
fluid eased the pang in our insides.

  Shirzad Mir glanced curiously about the
vacant aul. In the days when he had
known Iskander Khan, the Kirghiz had
many sheep and cattle.

  Then Iskander Khan told us what had
happened. The herd and flock which
his sons had driven to the gate of Khanjut
had been taken by Jani Beg, who was
greatly angered at the trick we had played
on him. Also, the two boys and the
daughter of Iskander Khan had been taken
by the Uzbek horsemen.

  One of the youths Jani Beg had impaled
on a spear which was then fastened to the

gate of Khanjut. The other Kirghiz had
been shot in the stomach with a matchlock
ball and thrown from the walls of the
citadel.

  The girl Jani Beg had had flayed alive.
Iskander Khan had been too feeble to ride
with his sons. News of what happened
had been brought him by a Khirghiz sheep-
boy who saw. Truly, a heavy sorrow had
been laid on the khan for what he had done
for Shirzad Mir.

  My lord put his hand on the arm of
Iskander Khan and spoke softly.

  “It is written that what evil-doers store
up for themselves they shall taste. You
shall have revenge for the death of your
sons. By the beard of the prophet, I
swear it.”

  He felt at the peak of his turban for the
jewel he had been accustomed to wear
there, intending to give it to Iskander Khan
as a token. He smiled ruefully when his
hand met naught but the cloth. The
small turban of white cotton he wore was
part of his grave clothes.

  “Truly, Iskander Khan,” he meditated
aloud, “I am a beggared monarch. I have
not even a token to give you for this
service.”

  “I am content, Shirzad Mir.”

  I thought of the riches that the poet son
of Jani Beg was carrying to Khanjut from
the Mogul Jahangir, while Shirzad Mir
had not so much as a spare horse, and I
voiced this thought, being embittered by
hunger and much soreness. At this the
Ferang sprang to his feet so swiftly that I
thought he had seen some Uzbeks approach-
ing, so I did likewise. He clapped me on the
back, rudely.

  “Ha, Abdul Dost!” he cried, “that is the
word I have been waiting for. So the
caravan of Said Afzel is now in the Shyr
Pass? Here is our chance. We will attack
Said Afzel!”

  “Ride against two score, when we are
but three?” I laughed at the man. If he
was mad, I must see to it that Shirzad Mir
did not suffer from his folly. “I was in
Kabul three days ago, and Said Afzel was
just setting out. Besides his slaves and
personal servants he has a bodyguard of
some Pathans. They are well armed; the
pass is narrow. Also they have many
camels. You know not what you say!”
“Peace, Abdul Dost!” called my lord,
whose eyes had taken on a strange sparkle.
Said Afzel’s Elephant

71

“You have not wit to see farther than your
horse’s ears. Let the Ferang speak!”

  “It is better to be mad than calm at this
time when caution will gain us nothing,
excellency,” said Sir Weyand respectfully.
“Here is a noble chance. Said Afzel does
not yet know you have escaped. He will
not be watchful of danger. His caravan
may be numerous but it is made up for -the
most part of women and eunuchs. More-
over, in the narrow ravine they must
extend their line of march. We can choose

our place of attack-”

  “And they will dig our graves there,”
I said.

  Shirzad Mir frowned at me.

  “And we will have the advantage of
surprize,” continued the Ferang. “Jani
Beg will hardly think to send reinforce-
ments to his son because he knows that
Said Afzel is well attended. We will have
time to gain the narrow point of the pass
just before dark—the best time to strike.”
“How can three horsemen ride against
camels and an elephant in a ravine?” I
asked, for I was not to be silenced.

  Shirzad Mir was foolhardy of his life and
it was plain to me he liked well the words
of Sir Weyand.

  “We will not ride against them, Abdul
Dost. If you had thought, you would re-
member that we could stand on the ridge
above the caravan trail, where our arrows
will command Said Afzel’s men.”

  It was true I had not thought of that,
in my concern for Shirzad Mir. It angered
me—a mansabdar of the army—to be
corrected by a foreign merchant, and I was
silent for a space. Not so the Tiger Lord.

  “Ilai—that was well said!” he cried.
“Such a plan warms my heart. Now if
we had the strong sons of Iskander
Khan—” he broke off with a glance at the
mourning Kirghiz. “What men and slaves
are with the caravan?”

  “I heard at Kabul,” replied the Ferang,
settling his tall body against the tent,
“that Said Afzel was a courtier and a
gallant—fond of music, toys, verses and
the Indian dancing girls. He is bringing
a throng of such with him, also several
camel loads of treasure as gift from the
Mogul. What do we care for eunuchs and
Ethiopian slaves?”

  “Said Afzel has at least seven Pathans
with him,” I reminded him. “They are
good fighters.”

  “Are you an old nurse, Abdul Dost?”
cried my master in great anger. “Speak
again, and I will set you to tend swine!”
He turned to the Ferang. “Said Afzel
is truly called ‘the dreamer,’ Sir Weyand.
He is the most elegant in dress and can
recite verses as well as his boon companion
Kasim Kirlas, the professional courtier.

It is true that he travels with cumberous
baggage—unlike his father—and is usually
stupefied with bhang and opium. I would
risk much to set hand on his jewels.”

  “We would risk much,” nodded the
Ferang bluntly, as was his custom; “espe-
cially as there is one of the big Indian ele-
phants in the caravan.”

  “An elephant!” Shirzad Mir clapped his
stout hands and laughed. 11 Ilai—an ele-
phant. That would be Most Alast from
the stables of Jahangir. I heard it said
at Khanjut when I was prisoner. Verily,
the star of our good fortune is in the
ascendant.”

  I thought the madness that had come
upon Sir Weyand had bitten my lord,
for he laughed again and fell to talking
in low tones to the other. I strained my
ears but could not hear. Being angry and
perhaps a little jealous, I withdrew slightly
to show them I did not care what they said.

  Once Shirzad Mir called to Iskander
Khan.

  “Have you a great cauldron?” he asked.
The Khirghiz pointed to the ashes of
the fire, where a pot stood, large enough to
boil a sheep whole.

  “Will you give it me?”

  Iskander Khan made a sign to show
that all he had was Shirzad Mir’s for the
asking. Once more the two talked together,
and I saw them glance at me and laugh.
Then Iskander Khan lifted up his white
head.

  “You will need a good horse, Shirzad
Mir,” he said slowly. “The one you have
is a sorry pony. In a thicket yonder I have
Abdul Dost’s horse, also an Arab stallion
that has carried me for five years. I will
fetch it for you so that you may mount as is
fitting for a king.”

  The eyes of the Tiger Lord softened.
“Thrice happy is the man who has a .
faithful friend,” he said and with his own
hand helped the aged Kirghiz to rise.

  Before the two left the tent to go for the
horses, he spoke quickly to Sir Weyand.

  The Ferang rose and stretched his big
72

Adventure

frame. I did not move, for they had not
confided in me. He disappeared into the
tent and presently came forth, lugging a
basket filled with something heavy. I
wanted to see what was in it, but I would
not show him that I was curious.

  He was singing to himself after his
strange fashion. He moved with his hands
that which was in the basket and put it in
the cauldron. I watched him.

  When he had nearly finished there came
a dog that was hungry and whined. Seeing
the dog, Sir Weyand threw him a piece of
the stuff he was handling. The dog wagged
his tail and carried off the stuff. I saw him
eat it.

  This was very strange, so I rose up with-
out seeming to be interested and walked
toward Sir Weyand, until I could see into
the pot.

    B’illah!" I cried, for the stuff was rotting
swine’s flesh, which it is defilement for a
follower of the prophet to touch. It had
been used by Iskander Khan to grease the
tents. The Ferang, who knew this, laughed.

  “Tell me, Abdul Dost,” he smiled, rising
from his lalx>r when the pot was nearly full,
“is that dog better than you, or are you
better than that dog?”

  He was a caphar, one without faith.
Those words might well have cost him his
life.

  “If I have faith,” I answered him sternly,
“I am better than that dog; if I have not
faith, he is better than I.” I laid a hand

on my sword. “If you wish a quarrel-”

  “Peace!” cried the voice of Shirzad Mir
behind us. “It is time we mounted.”

  He was leading a fine gray stallion, and
Iskander Khan had Wind-of-the-Hills.
Likewise, the Kirghiz gave to us two good
bows and quivers full of arrows—also he
brought his own sword from the tent and
girded it on Shirzad Mir. What man could
do more than Iskander Khan did for us?

  “The blessing of God go with you, Shirzad
Mir,” he said in parting. “I shall stay at

this tent, and perhaps-”

  “I will come back,” said my lord swiftly.
“I will not forget.”

  We watched the bent form of the old man
go into the empty tent; then we set spurs
to our mounts. The cauldron Sir Weyand
had slung on a long pole, one end of which
he carried and I the other. Shirzad Mir
rode bridle to bridle with him—I following
behind. Still they talked together eagerly,

like boys with a new sport. Once Sir
Weyand looked back at me and grinned.

  “If you are afraid to come, Abdul Dost,”
he said, “you are free to drop the pole
and go.”

  Before I could think of a fitting answer,
he was speaking again with Shirzad Mir.
Verily, I was angered. The pole leaped
and jumped, and I was forced to watch
lest the vile fat should fly out on me.
There was no doubt in my mind that lack
of food had unsettled my lord’s brain.

  Why else should we ride at a fast trot
through the hot ravines of the hills to the
Shyr Pass, where at any moment we might
meet a wandering patrol on the watch for
us? And why did we carry that accursed
pig’s flesh?

  As for Sir Weyand, my brain was black
with anger. I wanted to swing my scimitar
against his long sword. Had it not been
for the events of that evening, I should have
done so.

      OUR horses were steaming when
we came out of a poplar thicket
“on a hill near the caravan track and
saw a boy shepherd watching us from his
flock. When he recognized Shirzad Mir,
the lad put down his bow and dropped to
his knees.

  “Hazaret salametl” he cried joyfully, in
the dialect of his tribe.

  He had thought Shirzad Mir was dead.
My lord questioned him swiftly. The boy
told him that the caravan of Said Afzel
had not yet passed this point. Our good
fortune still held, yet I was doubtful of
what was to come. Shirzad Mir bent over
the boy.

  “Speak, little soldier,” he laughed, “how
would you like to shoot an arrow in the
service of your lord?”

  The boy’s eyes brightened and he fingered
his bow, being both pleased and shy with
the attention paid him. He was a slight,
dark-skinned Kirghiz—the same that had
visited Iskander Khan’s aid—and the
words delighted him. Shirzad Mir honored
him by taking him up behind on his horse.
My belly yearned for the mutton that we
might have cooked and eaten, but my
master would not linger.

  It was midafternoon, and the sun was
very hot. We were in the pass now, and
once we met a runner coming up the ravine.
It was a man of Said Afzel, and when he
Said Afzel’s Elephant

73

saw us he bounded up into the rocks. But
Shirzad Mir fired an arrow swiftly. My
lord was an excellent shot. From the body
we took the message.

  It said that Said Afzel would camp that
night at a certain level spot in the pass,
for the caravan track was too narrow,
besides being on the bank of the turbulent
stream Amu Daria, to travel at night.
Probably Said Afzel liked better to sit on
the cushions of a silk tent than to ride.

  “God is good to us,” exclaimed Shirzad
Mir and pressed forward.

   Although I still said nothing, I had a great
foreboding. No man has ever called me
a coward, but our strength was sapped by
hunger—we had no armor or firearms. We
were acting on the mad whim of the Ferang,
and for the first time in his life my master
had put aside my advice for another’s—
that of the merchant who made me carry
the pot of swine-flesh.

  We passed the open place where Said
Afzel had planned to camp. We knew now
that the caravan could not be far away,
and Shirzad Mir sent the boy ahead to spy.
He ran swiftly, like a young mountain goat.

  We came to the very place where I had
first met the Ferang, and I bent my ears
back like a horse, listening for hoofs on
the trail behind us, for here we were in a
trap. On one side the cliff rose sheer for
perhaps four spear lengths. On the left
hand the slope, steep and strewn with
rocks and thorns, dropped abruptly to the
rushing stream which was deep enough to
drown a man.

  Truly, I thought, the madness of Sir
Weyand had brought us to an evil place.
If a patrol of Uzbek horsemen should come
behind us we would be caught between them
and the caravan.

  Even a brave man feels a prickling of the
flesh when he knows not what is before and
behind him. The mad fantasy of the other
two had veiled their minds from danger.
Shirzad Mir, to make matters worse, set
Sir Weyand and me to rolling some stones
into the path from the slope. While we
were doing this he dismounted and led our
three horses by a roundabout path up to
the top of the cliff.

  Not until we had the stone heap nearly
the height of a man and were panting from
the toil—my bruises had not yet healed—
did he call for us to cease. Then Sir
Weyand made me take the pole with him

and carry it up the slope to the top of the
cliff. If the foul fat had fallen back on me,
I should have struck him, but it was my
fate that it did not.

  Back into a cedar grove we carried the
accursed thing. Here Shirzad Mir had
kindled a fire from dried cedar branches.

  “The trees may hide the smoke,” he said.
“Quick—our time is little!”

  As if possessed of a demon, Sir Weyand
worked at the fire, placing the cauldron
over the logs so that the fat began to heat.
Meanwhile, Shirzad Mir stood at the edge
of the cliff to watch for the coming of the
boy.

  The sun had dropped behind the peaks at
our backs. There was no wind. The scent
of the cedars was sweet in my nostrils, but
Sir Weyand made me labor over the evil-
smelling pot. I had none of his wild hope.
For, without doubt, Said Afzel, whom we
sought, would ride the elephant, and I had
once tried to attack one of the beasts in a
battle.

  The ravine in which the stream muttered
was clothed in shadows and it must have
been the time of sunset prayers when the
boy came running back up the path, looking
for us.

  Shirzad Mir called to him, and the youth
came nimbly up the cliff, clinging somehow
to the sheer rock, until my lord reached
him a hand. Then he bowed his head to
Shirzad Mir’s feet.

  “The caravan comes, Lord of Badakshan!”
he cried eloquently.

  “How many and in what order?” asked
Shirzad Mir swiftly.

  “Some horsemen, riding slowly, are in
front. Then a group of slaves with burdens
on foot. Following them some armed
riders. Then a black elephant with a
glittering howdah.”

  “God is with us!” cried Shirzad Mir.
He turned to me merrily. “Ho—Abdul
Dost of the dark brow! What think you
of an elephant in the ravine of Shyr?”

  We had seen none of the beasts in
Badakshan before, but something of Shirzad
Mir’s purpose flashed on me, and I felt the
heart-leap of the hunter when he sees game
approach his hiding-place. Sir Weyand
stirred the fat, which was now boiling and
bubbling odorously.

  Above the place where we had piled the
stones so they would look as if they had
fallen down the slope, my lord sent the boy
74

Adventure

with his arrows. He, himself, took his
bow and crawled forward to where he
could see him down the pass.

  At a sign from Sir Weyand, I helped him
lift the cauldron from the fire by its stick.
We carried it to the edge of the ravine.

  “Go with your master,” said Sir Weyand
to me under his breath, “and take your
bow. I will manage the rest of my task
alone.”

 Nothing loath, I obeyed. Crouching
beside Shirzad Mir, I could see the caravan
coming up the pass, in the quiet of the
evening. The bearers and camelmen were
pushing ahead with loud cries, for the
camping-place.was just around a turn.

IT WAS a brave sight. The
Pathans, as the boy had said, were
in the lead—lean men, riding easily
and fully armed. Next came the Ethi-
opians, with their heavy burdens. They,
of course, were unarmed. I counted seven
Pathans.

  Then appeared Most Alast, the elephant
of the Mogul. He had two red stripes
down his forehead, and silver bells at his
neck. I could see the white heron’s plume
of Said Afzel in the howdah behind the
mahout. Slowly, slowly, they came for-
ward.

  “It could not be better, Abdul Dost,”
cried my master joyfully.

  I took heart from this. For, though his
eyes were shining, he was laughing to him-
self, which was a good sign. He was not
mad. I. had begun to see his plan.

  Last came the long-haired camels, bearing
the women, the baskets which probably
contained the treasure, and the eunuch
guards of the harem. A few slaves in
gorgeous tunics walked with the dirty
camelmen.

  A lone Pathan brought up the rear. I
felt Shirzad Mir’s hand on my arm.

  “Shoot your arrows among the camel-
men, Abdul Dost,” he said. “I will take
care of the leading riders—I and the boy.
When I shout, raise our battle-cry and
shout as if you were many men.”

  I nodded to show that I understood. I
strung my bow and waited, lying on my
belly. It was just as if Shirzad Mir and
I were stalking antelope. Yet never had
we stalked such game as this.

  The sun had left the pass, but there was
still light when the Pathans passed under

us and arrived at the heap of stones. After
talking together, three of them dismounted
and began to clear away the stones, drop-
ping them down the slope into the stream
to free the path for the elephant.

  We four were silent on the cliff, though
I could hear Sir Weyand working at the
fire. The swaying howdah of Most Alast
came nearer—so near I could see the jewels
set in the turban of Said Afzel, who was
laughing with a fat man on the cushion
by him—Kasim Kirlas, I thought. I could
have almost reached down and touched their
heads.

  Then Shirzad Mir bellowed his battle-cry.

  “Hai—Shirzad el kadr—hail”

  He leaped to his feet and began to speed
arrows down at the riders.

  “Hai—Shirzad el kadrl” I echoed, twang-
ing a shaft among the camels.

  It must have reached its mark, for one of
the beasts yelled with pain. I heard the
shrill shout of the boy and the startled
cries of the slaves below us.

  Then Sir Weyand came to my side.

  “St. George for England!” he cried. I
asked him later what it was, and he told me.

  As he shouted, he pushed the cauldron
over on its side. The boiling fat fell on the
broad rump of Most Alast.

  An elephant has a thick hide, but he is
sensitive and nervous as a woman—and
the boiling grease was very hot. Most
Alast lifted up his trunk and bellowed his
pain. Then he charged forward. The
howdah, with Said Afzel and Kasim Kirlas,
slipped its girths as Most Alast shook him-
self—the fat had missed the howdah, to my
sorrow—and the two went to earth.

  Then Most Alast dashed among the
riders. Several horses leaped over the
slope in their fright. Finding himself
against the stones, the elephant turned in
the narrow path and charged back against
the camels, which gave way before him.
Some stumbled into the brush of the slope.
Others pressed against the cliff wall. B’il-
lah, there was much confusion!

  The camels, being frightened and hurt,
began to yell also, and the horses too.
The black slaves had leaped to shelter and
stood watching, their eyeballs showing
white. The camelmen sought safety where
they could.

  Shirzad Mir had reckoned well what
havoc an angered elephant would make
along that narrow path.
Said Afzel’s Elephant

75

  I was a middling shot with a bow, but
my lord was a marksman among many.
His shafts sought out the Pathans, who
had no time to use their matchlocks before
they had to leap out of the way of Most
Alast. Yet he killed none. Before long,
I knew why.

  “Eai—Shirzad el kadr—hail” cried my
lord for the last time, and ordered me to
seek the horses.

  While the boy plied his arrows from the
cliff, we two, with the Ferang, rode rapidly
down until our horses stood at the slope
above the pile of stones. Here Shirzad Mir
called upon the Pathans to throw down their
arms.

  A Pathan is a good fighter when and if
it suits him. These men were less afraid
of us than of Most Alast, who was trumpet-
ing back and forth along the path, heedless
of the efforts of his mahout. They saw that
we were armed and ready. They did not
know how many more of us there were.

  Three of the Pathans were hurt by the
arrows of Shirzad Mir. Two others had
fallen among the rocks and thorns of the
slope below. The other two were afoot
and watching the elephant.

  All who could do so put down their mus-
kets and swords and said that they had had
enough of the affair. Shirzad Mir would
not move until he had seen the two who
were in the thorn thicket climb out, curs-
ing, but little the worse for their fall, and
join the others. Then we left Sir Weyand,
who had picked up a brace of their dis-
carded pistols, to watch the group, and
went forward with me at his side.

  “Find Said Afzel,” he ordered me.

  I saw the Uzbek prince leaning tutbanless
against a rock, feeling of himself tenderly.
It is no light thing to fall from the howdah
of an elephant. Kasim Kirlas, the pro-
fessional courtier, was stretched on the
ground at his feet—but this was no salaam;
the man was stunned.

  Shirzad Mir caught the dazed prince by
the shoulder and bade him sternly walk
before his horse. My lord had drawn his
sword, and this he kept near the bare neck
of Said Afzel.

  “Where is the elephant?” he asked me.

  I pointed to the stream below and
Shirzad Mir laughed aloud. He ever
appreciated a good jest. Most Alast had
smelled water, and had somehow got him-
self down the slope to the stream unhurt.

He was drawing water up in his trunk and
squirting it over his sore back—mahout
and all. Later Most Alast lay down in
the mud. It was many hours before we
could get him to leave it.

  Shirzad Mir pushed through the be-
wildered bearers swiftly. Half of the
camelmen had lied. One or two of the
eunuchs drew their scimitars when my lord
came near the camels on which were the
women, but when they saw the plight of
Said Afzel, with my lord’s sword at his ear,
they threw down their weapons.

  It was a sorry gathering that we grouped
against the cliff wall. Eunuchs and slaves
are masters of brave words, but I have yet
to see the ones who will face danger to their
bodies without shrinking. I cast about
and discovered that the Pathan who had
formed the rear guard had fled.

  Shirzad Mir was now master of the field.
He called to the boy on the cliff—our foes
thought that many more were there—to
shoot down the first man of the caravan who
moved from his place.

  Then he ordered me to ride my horse
slowly back and forth among the remaining
camels, the women and their attendants,
and see that none escaped.

  It was now growing dark, so of my own
will I set four of the camelmen to building
a great fire at the lower end of the caravan
and another by the heap of stones. So it
happened that when it grew dark we had
our prisoners securely between the two fires
and could see all that passed.

  Shirzad Mir had gone straight to the
Pathans and talked with them a long time.
Presently he came to me and said:

  “They will join my party, being men who
sell their swords. For this reason I did
not slay them. They were near enough
for good shooting. I have cared for those
who were hurt. The others are cooking
food. In the morning we will give them a
sword apiece—perhaps.”

  With the other attendants we did not
speak. They were men of low breeding
and jumped to obey our orders. Shirzad
Mir kept Said Afzel ever at his side^ in case
of treachery.

  One at a time we ate of the food for
which we yearned. The boy joined us'
proudly, and Shirzad Mir set him to collect-
ing the few weapons of the eunuchs. Of
these he made a pile and sat on it, feeling
greatly the honor we did him.
76

Adventure

  Shirzad Mir talked with Said Afzel
through the night. There was no chance
for me to sleep, but I think Sir Weyand
slept a little during his watch over the
Pathans. Before dawn I had spoken with
the mahout of Most Alast and given him a
handful of gold from the treasure bags.
He—one master being as good as another—
consented to serve us.

  At dawn I had finished my task. The
loads were all recovered and placed on the
camels and the slaves’ backs. All had
eaten. The women were put back on
their camels, and the eunuchs herded in
front.

  At first break of light in the sky we set
out, my lord and Said Afzel mounted on
the elephant, who was now quiet, the in-
jured in litters borne by the slaves, the
Pathans on their own horses, and the sheep-
boy on another.

  We struck away from the Shyr Pass into
the hills. Then, for the first time in two
days and nights, I slept a little in the saddle,
being weary, but only a little.

Ill

SAID I not our star was in the
ascendant, so that for a space we
were given strength to trick our
enemies? Later, evil fortune came upon
us again, but not then.

  Three courses were open to my lord.
He could slay Said Afzel, to strike terror
into the Uzbeks; he could exchange the
prince and the women for his own family,
and perhaps a strip of Badakshan; or he
could ransom our prisoners for gold with
which to pay an army. I urged the first
plan, Sir Weyand the second, and the
Pathans, who had now cast their fortunes
with us, the third.

  Our danger was great, for when news
of what had happened in the pass reached
Khanjut by way of some escaped bearers,
the whole army of Jani Beg was sent to
hunt us down. As yet we had no followers
other than the four uninjured Pathans and
the sheep boy, whom Shirzad Mir appointed
heacf of the camelmen and gave a sword,
to his great satisfaction. The bearers, the
slaves and the camel-drivers were useless
to us and would have been glad to fall again
into the hands of Jani Beg, who would not
drive them through the by-paths of the
hills, as we did.

  It is written in the annals of India, the
curious thing that my master did in this
difficulty.

  “We will keep the prisoners and the
treasure,” he said, “and we will regain the
foot-hills of Badakshan from Jani Beg;
also we will gather together a small army.

  And this thing we did, by the will of God.
How was it done? We held a durbar—
that is, a crowning ceremony. The people
of Badakshan had been told my lord was
dead. The durbar showed them he was not.

  Verily, not before or since has such a
durbar been held in Hindustan or Badak-
shan or Turkestan. We traveled with
the caravan through the villages of the
hills. At each village Shirzad Mir would
dismount from Most Alast and spend
money—from the bags of Said Afzel—for a
feast.

  Wine he bought freely, and food, and
scattered silver among the people. So that
all might see, he held his durbar. Said
Afzel, the opium-eating prince, he forced to
do homage in public to him; fat Kasim
Kirlas, the professional courtier, Shirzad
Mir made pay him extravagant com-
pliments; el ghias, the buffoon of the
caravan, performed his tricks; the musi-
cians of Said Afzel sang—at the sword
points of the Pathans—and the dancing
girls danced. It was a great feast. Shirzad
Mir, looking the proud king he was by
birth, sat on cushions under a cloth-of-gold
tent which we found in the baggage, and
watched idly, saying nothing.

  Sir Weyand cleaned his soiled garments
and sat at the right hand of Shirzad Mir,
as the ambassador from England. Only
I did not attend, for at every feast I was
out in the lookout places, with certain men
of the hills who rallied to our standard,
keeping watch. The men of Jani Beg
pressed us close. We moved each day,
marching in the night to a new village. I
kept a good watch and at each new place
more of our men came in to see and hear,
for rumors of what had happened spread
through the hills. Shirzad Mir gave to
them gold and weapons from the store we
had taken.

  In the plain of Badakshan we could not
have avoided being overtaken by the
cavalry of the Uzbeks. But in the hills
they were at a loss—and the people aided
us. It was a mad scheme, yet its very mad-
ness protected us.
Oh, Lordy, Lordy!

77

  He himself put on the jewels he took
from Said Afzel, and—sitting placidly on
Most Alast, the black elephant, with the
two crimson stripes of the Mogul on his
nose—he looked the king he was. The
hearts of his old soldiers, who thronged to
us from the hills, were uplifted at this sight.

  Always Shirzad Mir directed me to
travel in a circle, through Anderab, Ghori
and Bamian, back to where we had started,
at the Shyr Pass. In spite of danger he
did this, and we all wondered, until one day
we came to the desolate aid of Iskander
Khan, as Shirzad Mir had planned.

  When the old Kirghiz chieftain came
forth and lifted up his hands at the sight,
Shirzad Mir in his gorgeous robes dis-
mounted from Most Alast and embraced
Iskander Khan, while we all watched.

  Then my lord pointed to the caravans,
to the camels, the treasure and the women.

  “Choose,” said he to Iskander Khan;
“it is all yours for the asking.”

  But Iskander Khan would not, saying
that he was unworthy of such honor.
Whereupon Shirzad Mir called for us all
to see. He loaded the horse Iskander Khan
had given him in his need—the fine Arab
stallion—with pots of gold and gems, and
put the bridle in the Kirghiz’ hand
himself.

  He put a robe of ceremony on Iskander
Khan and girded on him the sword from
his own waist.

  “This man,” he said loudly, “shall be
always at my left hand until he dies. Those
who do homage to me shall bow to him
also.”

  In this manner did Shirzad Mir pay his
debt to Iskander Khan. He was a good
man. A man among ten thousand. Aye,
among ten times ten thousand.

OH, LORDY, LORDY!

          Patterson
          'White

A u.hor of “High Pockets,” “Lynch Lawyers," etc.

  JL NDY BALL was so thin he couldn’t
shift his chew without losing his
balance; he owned more freckles
■mm to the square foot than a leop-
ard with the measles, and he was in love
usual and extensive. He’d a girl in Swing
Valley—hasher at the hotel—and two in
Torpedo, till they found each other out;
he’d another at Morgan’s, one at Deep
Creek, and the Rafter O cook, all in one
year. Which is siftin’ along, I’ll say.

   Outside of his being a idjit thisaway, six
foot tall and a little bow-legged, Andy was
right human. If he ever used any judg-
ment I didn’t know it. I remember special

the time he turned his loving nature loose on
a three-hundred-pound squarehead young
lady with her features all in the middle of
her face and a figure so graceful she
looked the same anywhere you stood.

  Her name was Susy Svenson, and her pa
owned a claim back of Baldy. One day,
when Andy and me were riding in from the
Blue Creek range, we stopped for the night
at Ole Svenson’s. From that fatal moment,
as the man says, his loving nature like to
been the death of Andy.

  After supper him and Susy got almighty
friendly—she could cook like a house afire—
and nothing must do the lady but she’s got
78

Adventure

to take Andy into the setting-room and show
him the photograph album, which is
squarehead for a large evening.

  After a while the lamp went out or some-
thing, and Susy made a mistake in the dark,
missed the chair she’s aiming for, and sat
down on top of Andy. This was too much
for the self-respect of Andy’s chair. It
busted simultaneous, and the floor is next.
The jar overset a fancy clock, weighing
six pounds and a quarter, off the chimney
shelf, and the same fetched Andy a healthy
swipe square between the eyes. Taking the
lady and the clock together thisaway
knocked Andy cold like a mule had kicked
him.

  It took thirty minutes and half the tank
to bring him to.

  “Let’s go,” he snuffles in my ear when
he’s able to stand. “Let’s go—now.”

  But going away ain’t so simple as he says
it. He made the mistake of calling good-
by before he’s topped his horse, and Susy
reached the upper gate first. Go? I guess
not. “I skoll gass not!”

  “I ban like you, Andy,” she says, looking
like a stuffed tent in the moonlight and not
minding me a-tall. “More better you stay
un talk to your leetle Susy.”

  “We gotta be pulling our freight,” pro-
tests Andy, starting to swing up quick.

  Susy reached out one hand to his collar,
and he stopped just as quick.

  “Lat’s go in de house,” she says with' a
smile you could button behind her ears, and
giving him a playful shake that made his
teeth rattle. “1 ban make you some
kaffee.”

  If it had been poison she was fixing to
feed him he couldn’t have gone along more
reluctant.

  “By hal,” says Ole, looking after ’em,
“I tank I lose mein leetle gal.”

  “I’ll bet Andy wishes he could,” I says
unthinking.

  “He ban like her, huh?” asks Ole, missing
the point a mile.

  “How can lie help it?” says I. “Love at
first sight, Ole, that’s what.”

  “Yaw, yaw,” says he vigorous. “I gas
mabbe I find me gude cook somevare pretty

-quick.”

  Ole and me tracked along up to the house.
Going by the kitchen I looked in the win-
dow. There’s Andy sitting on a chair in
the corner and grinding the coffee like he
hadn’t a minute to lose.

  “By yiminy,” Susy was saying, “I skoll
teach you how to cook.”

  Andy didn’t say nothing but he sure
looked jo-awful faint and despairing.

  Susy brought coffee to Ole and me out on
the porch, but her and Andy had theirs in
the kitchen. Soon Ole went to the corral
and I turned in for the night. I’m sleeping
fine when Andy woke me up slumping down
on the bed.

  “Oh, Lordy! Lordy!” says he under his
breath, propping his head on his hands.
“What’s the matter?” I asks him.
“Whatsa matter?” he gasps in a whisper.
“Whatsa matter? Say, Bill—” changing
his tone abrupt— “what am I gonna do?”
“Whatcha talking about?” I grins.

  “She—she—that female thinks we’re en-
gaged,” he bubbles out.

  “Ain’t you?” I says.

  “No, I ain’t!” he snaps.

  “Well,” I says, “I thought you was. I
thought your falling through that chair
together was a new way of announcing it.
Shucks, yes. I thought so; Ole he thought
so; and Susy she thought so. What could
be fairer than that?”

  But he paid no attention.

  “She thinks I’m gonna marry her,” he
groans, batting his eyes desperate.

  “I’m stringing my chips with hers,” I
told him. “Yessir, I sure am. If she says
you’re gonna marry her, you’re gonna.
No two ways about that!”

  “Not so loud!” he shushes at me.
“They’ll hear you! My Gawd, Bill!” he
rants on, hanging to his trouble like a bull-
dog to somebody’s pants. “I didn’t even tell
her I liked her! I didn’t act mushy nor
soft a-tall. I wouldn’t mind if I had. I’d
have it coming to me then. But I hardly
put my arm around her more’n part
way.”

  “Which was doing right well at that,”
I says, “even for a long-armed gent like
you.”

  “I tell you I didn’t mean nothing,” he
insists. “I was just having pity on the
poor girl like. I didn’t think—Bill, I can’t
marry her! I can’t! Look at her! Just
look at her! Why, it’s plumb ridiculous!”
I choked off a laugh, and he snarls:
“That’s right, make fun o’ me! I
thought you was a friend o’ mine. Will
you do this much? Tell ’em in the morn-
ing you ain’t seen me.”

-	“Sure,” I says. “Why?”
Oh, Lordy, Lordy!

79

  “I’m drifting out of here soon’s they get
some harder asleep,” he explains, pulling off
his boots slow and gentle.

  “Yeah,” I says, “I would.”

 “What makes your voice sound so
funny?” he wants to know, suspicious as a
weasel.

  “Oh,nothing,” I told him, turning over on
my stomach so’s he couldn’t see my face,
’cause the moonlight through the window
was light as a lamp, and him talking so
confident of going away was surely a joke.
I’d looked out the window before I went to
bed, and he hadn’t—yet.

  Andy reached out the makings and
smoked lugubrious for a half-hour. Then
he picked up his boots and tiptoed to the
window. I watched him swing one leg over
the sill, and I watched him pull it back.

  “What’s the matter?” I asks him.

  “Nothing,” he whispers without turning
round. “Good doggie,” he goes on, flapping
a friendly hand outdoors. “Good feller.”

  I got up and looked over his shoulder.

  “I see the dog’s still there,” I says casual.
“I noticed him just before I went to bed.”

  Andy grunted and looked anxious at the
animal. It ain’t much smaller than a good-
sized calf, and it’s unfolded every tooth in
its head and growling without a break.

  “Didn’t you know Ole had a dog?” I
asks Andy. “He keeps it chained out in the
kennel back of the corral as a rule. He
must have turned it loose tonight for some
reason.”

  “You think so?” says Andy. “You’re
real bright for a young fellow. Good dog-
gie!” He switches to the animal and started
to crawl out the window again.

  “R-r-r-r-uff!” roars the good doggie and
sprung at the window.

  Andy fell back inside and cussed, so I
turned in—to sleep this trip. I woke up
sudden to see Andy sliding out the window
slow and cautious. She was two hours
later by the moonlight on the floor, and I
got up and went to the window. I watched
Andy, his boots in his hand, a tiptoein’ for
the corral. The good doggie was nowhere
in sight, you better believe, and the corral
was only fifty yards away.

  Andy was half-way to the bars when
there’s a howl at the back of the house and
a black streak shot round the corner and
took after Andy.

  Andy didn’t dally. He dropped his boots
and ran like a jack-rabbit. But for all his

head start he only reached the corral a nose
to the good. Andy didn’t climb the gate.
He just sort of throwed himself at it, and
before you could wink he’s jack-knifed over
and up and was roosting all safe on top the
posts. And that dog was capering round
below a-uttering the most frightful roars I
ever heard. Andy was sure stuck, because
Ole had built his corral as stingy as possible,
and the bars were so wide apart the dog
could sift through most anywheres he
wanted. I saw him do it in seven different
places just while I stood there.

  I looked for Ole and Susy to wake up and
rescue the rooster, but they didn’t—rescue
him I mean. Ole woke up all right, ’cause I
heard a snicker two windows down. It
wasn’t my place, me being a guest and all,
to go calling off no dog as big as a calf, even
to please a friend. Nawsir! I went back
to bed, and the last 1 heard before I fell
asleep was Andy calling the dog names and
the dog a-worrying and a-teasing Andy’s
boots all to little flinders.

  Next morning I was up in time to see
Susy dragging the dog to his kennel and
Andy climbing down mighty stiff and slow
and looking after the dog every move he
makes.

  “Das night air ban bad for folks,” says
Susy at breakfast, spading fried mush out
of the pan. “Mabbe you catch cold, huh,
Andy?”

  But Andy he hadn’t caught cold, only a
splinter which made him sit sideways, and
he scraped up a nervous smile to go with
his, “No, Susy,” that would have fooled
most anybody. When she told him to
come see her soon, his face got as long as a
well-rope.

  “I’d like to, Susy, honest,” he says.
“I’m gonna miss you like my right eye, but
we’re so busy shipping feeders just now I
don’t see how I can manage it right soon.
You can see how it is, Susy.”

  “I tank more better you come,” she re-
peats.

  “I tank so, too,” says Ole, and he wiped
his mouth on his sleeve, got up from the
table, reached a .45 Winchester off the hooks
behind the stove and begun to clean it.

RIDING away from Ole’s place,
Andy was blue and silent a lot.
Being in his socks thataway—for
them boots wasn’t worth saving for patches
when the dog had finished with ’em—and
80

Adventure

that bad night on top of his other troubles,
sure combined to give him a discouraged
appearance.

  “What’ll I do?” he says at last. “My
Gawd, what’ll I do now?”

  “You might drown yourself,” I says,
tapping my nose judicious, “or shoot your-
self, or eat wolf-pizen. There’s forty ways
of committing suicide.”

  “Aw, you’re as helpful as a broken leg,”
he whines, wriggling like the saddle burnt
him. “This is serious.”

  “You said it was ridiculous a while back,”
I says.

  With that he shut up and didn’t say noth-
ing till we’re almost back to the ranch.

  “I’d take it as a favor,” says he, stiff as
dry rawhide, “if you’ll keep what’s hap-
pened under your hat.”

  “You won’t mind if I tell Johnny?” I
asks, cocking my eye at him.

  “Not Johnny!” he busts out. “Whatever
you do, don’t tell Johnny!”

  Everybody knows Johnny’s tongue is
hung in the middle and flapping eternal.
Johnny! What Johnny wouldn’t do to that
piece of news with his sense of humor—
Oh, Lordy! Lordy!

  “I ain’t gonna say nothing,” I told Andy,
“but whyn’t you drag it? Quit the range?
Go off some’ers and don’t never come
back?”

  “There’s my claim,” he objects. “One
hundred and sixty acres almost proved up,
and that hundred and sixty I bought off
Riley, and that jag o’ cows I got running
with the Old Man’s bunch. Go off some’ers
and lose it all? You’re talking foolish!”
“You could sell all that stuff,” I suggests.
“I couldn’t get nothing for it,” says he.
“You never can at a forced sale.”

  Andy was always forehanded. Yes in-
deedy. Not that he was exactly tight,
y’understand, but with all his fool love-
making he never lost sight of the fact that
there was a hundred cents to the dollar,
corral-count.

  “That’s whatsa matter,” he goes on.
“She knows about that land and them
cattle. They’re what she’s after. She
thinks I’m a good thing. She’s a-fixing to
trap me.”

  “Fixing?” I says. “Well, anyway, Andy
old-timer,” I tacks on, “let’s hope Ole is a
poor shot.”

  He was still cussing when we passed the
windmill.

  Andy didn’t eat much supper that night.
Next morning the same. So it went for
three days. Then, when nothing hap-
pened and no signs of Susy or Ole, he began
to chipper up and relish his meals.

  The fourth day was Monday. Tuesday
the Old Man sent Johnny with a message to
Jake Dawson at Blue Creek. Saturday he
come back and pounced down on us at
supper.

  “Congrats!” bawls Johnny, slapping
Andy so hard between the shoulders he
lost control of a mouthful of coffee and got
the hiccups immediate. “Congrats! Y’
old fox, whyn’t you tell us you was en-
gaged to li’l Susy?”

 “Huh—? Andy—? Susy—? Susy Sven-
son?”

  Them punchers went loony demented.
And what they didn’t do to Andy! No
good for him to deny everything, which
he done vehement. No good a-tall. He
didn’t eat no more supper. He took him-
self and his hiccups out to the woodpile and
sat down on the chopping-block.

  He must have done a power of thinking
out on that chopping-block, ’cause next day
at dinner, when Johnny got funny some
more, Andy jumped him prompt as a split-
second fuse.

  Johnny was so took by surprize that
Andy hit him three times before he could
start. Johnny got a-going final, but one of
them three cracks of Andy’s was a right to
the chin and that had tuckered him at the
go-off. He didn’t have a chance. Inside of
four minutes he’s licked an’ hollering—
“Uncle! Uncle! Leggo my ear!”

  Andy unclamped his teeth and got up
off Johnny.

  “Listen!” says Andy to the rest of the
boys. “Enough is a-plenty. I like a joke
but I got my own notion of what’s wit and
humor, and the next jigger that unloads
congratulations on to me or sticks Susy into
the conversation anywheres wants to come
a-running, ’cause I will.”

  Nobody says a word, and he went out
to the windmill to slosh water on the eye
Johnny had closed for him.

       TWO days later Riley’s young one
fetched over a letter for Andy.
Andy took it like it’s a hot coal.
“Whatcha grinning at?” he grunts to
Riley’s kid.

  “I was just a-thinkin’,” says the young
Oh, Lordy, Lordy!

81

one,' “how you and Susy musta looked
when the chair busted.”

  “Shut up!” says Andy, flushing red as
paint, and then the young one near laughed
his fool head off and pulled his freight.

  I seen Thompson running to head off the
young one at the lower gate, but I didn’t
let on. Pretty soon Andy slid over to me.

  “Susy’s coming here next week,” says
Andy, shaking the letter. “She says if I
won’t come to see her, she’ll come to see me.
What kind o’ girl is she, pursuing a gent
thisaway? Where’s her pride? Why can’t
she take a hint? Why can’t she lemme
alone? Coming here! Her and Ole!”
“And raaybe Faithful Fido,” I chipped
in, but he never noticed.

  “Lookit, Bill,” he wades on breathless,
“you gotta help me. You’re the only
friend I got in this nest o’ lunatics. They
all think it’s funny. Funny! My Gawd,
them jacks would laugh at a lynchin’!

-it all, I don’t wanna leave, but I gotta

if she’s coming here. I gotta. And there’s
my cattle and my land. I’ll have to let
’em go. I’ll lose money, Bill, see? Tell
you what now, s’pose you ride over there
and tell her I’ve changed my mind and I
wouldn’t marry her on a bet. That
oughta fix her.”

  “It oughta fix me, too,” I says. “What
Ole might miss with his Winchester that
dog won’t overlook. And there’s Susy
herself. If she’d ever lay a finger on me in
anger just once, I’ll gamble I’d lose a year’s
growth. You’re sort o’ light in the heft,
Andy, but she shook you that time like
you was even lighter. Nawsir, Andy old
settler, going over and breaking the bad
news to Susy and her parent ain’t my idea
of a pastime.”

  And that’s that, as the man says. Andy
sags off slack and listless, a-sucking his
lower lip mighty gloomersome.

  In the evening come supper, the boys was
all talking about furniture and courtship.
Was sofys stronger than chairs? Would a
chair stand a overload? Should a gent hold
a lady on his left knee or his right or both?
Thompson says that all depends on the
lady, and Andy lays down his knife and fork.

  “Tom,” says Andy, cold as a froze steer,
“did Riley’s kid say anything about me?”
“I didn’t say so,” answers back Thomp-
son, “but you can put down a bet Ole
Svenson has been saying something about
you to Riley’s kid.”

  I dunno how Andy crossed the table,
but he’s on top of Thompson anyways
quicker than he jumped Johnny. Thomp-
son had the luck to juke Andy’s first swing,
and Andy’s knuckles skimmed past and
nudged Sam Bleeker square on the kisser.
So it’s two to one, with Andy taking the
short end and using everything from his
feet to the crockery.

  Of course the folks most concerned, be-
ing hurried thalaway, hadn’t time to aim
careful, and when the sugar-bowl shaved
my ear I went outside. I think there was
four of us tried to get out the door simul-
taneous, but I know I was winner.

  “Lookit!” screeches Simmsy, combing
condensed milk out of his whiskers.
“Lookit!”

  You’ve guessed it. There’s Susy and
Ole in a buckboard. She’s a week ahead of
time.

  “Where’s Andy at?” she wants to know.

  I didn’t need to answer that question
’cause just then him and the other two pin-
wheeled out the door in a tangle. For all
she was fat Susy could move quick. In no
time she was off the buckboard and had
Thompson by the hair. The riot calmed
down abrupt. Sam Bleeker and Thompson
crawled back into the bunk-house, a»d Susy
hugged Andy till his ribs cracked.

  “I ban come take you home mit me,” she
says. “I tank we skoll marry next veek.”

  “Lemme change my clo’es,” begs Andy,
who’d lost most of his shirt.

  “Better hurry,” advises Ole, and he
snaked out that .45 Winchester from under
the seat and laid it across his knees.

  “I’ll be right back,” promises Andy, and
he scrambles into the bunk-house imme-
diate.

  I walked round the bunk-house and, sure
enough, he was crawling through a back
window.

  “Bill,” he whispers, pointing to the cot-
tonwoods lining the creek, “I can make it
to the creek if you’ll keep Susy and Ole
from getting suspicious. They didn’t fetch
the dog along, so I’ll be safe hiding out by
the flat rock in the box-elders, and by and
by you come tell me what’s happened and
we’ll figger out what I better do next.”

  I thought to myself he wouldn’t do much
figgering, but right then didn’t seem the
proper time to tell him that, so I went back
round the house again.

  I talked fast and easy, and Susy didn’t get
82

Adventure

suspicious for as long as ten minutes.
Then she began to wonder out loud where
Andy’s at. From wondering she went to
looking at me kind of hard. I stepped back
out of arm-reach. She jerked the whip out
of the socket and allowed plenty decisive
she’s a-going to search the bunk-house.

  There’s no stopping her. She searched
that bunk-house, searched it thorough, and
when she didn’t turn up Andy she’s wild.
To hear her take on you’d think she’d lost
a gold watch.

  And all the time Ole was step-laddering
up and down in front the bunk-house
a-talking to Heaven about what’s he’s aim-
ing to do to the skinny shoe-string that’s
addled the affections of his girl Susy. He
didn’t leave much unsaid, Ole didn’t, and
every now and then he’d flick open his
breech-cover half-way and see was the car-
tridge still in the chamber. Also he kept
that rifle cocked.

  Me personal, I was behind the woodpile
and only an eye peeking up now and then.
The rest of the boys was engaged similar
wherever there’s cover. Not that we’re
afraid of Ole, y’understand, but we couldn’t
lock horns with him without crowding li’l
Susy.

  Susy ran down final and shooed Ole into
the buckboard and drove off, so I went over
to the flat rock in the box-elders where
Andy’s a-sitting, both ears on the stretch.

K2B “WHAT a relief,” he says, easing up
luxurious when I told him they’d
gone. “But look here, Bill, didn’t
I hear Susy screaming and carrying on a
while back? I sure hope you didn’t try to
argue with her.”

  “No,” I says, solemn as a coffin, “I
didn’t try to argue with her and I won’t—
not while I got my health. And if you wan-
na keep yours and slay a bachelor you
fork your horse instanter and drag it full
split. Nemmine your broad acres and them
plump cows. Nemmine nothing but how
soon you can punch the breeze. You hear
me whistling, cowboy?”

  Andy’s property thataway was the one
temptation to last it out, but when he’d
thought twice of Susy and her survigorous
pa, that half-section sort of dwindled down
and petered out, and distance lent enchant-
ment to the view—and the farther away the
view was the better pleased he’d be to see
it close.

  After he’d decided to flit he spent the rest
of the night fixing it up with the Old Man to
sell his land and cattle for him. It was
graying to dawn when Andy and me—I
was a witness—come out of the ofhce, and
the first thing we ran into outside the door
was Susy Svenson and her pa!

  Which them two reptyles had outguessed
Andy once more. As I found out later,
they’d switched back after leaving the bunk-
house, cached their buckboard down the
creek a mile and laywayed for their prey
the best part of seven hours.

  There’s nothing to do—nothing—abso-
lutely nothing. Andy Ball was a spent
shell, a busted flush and a plugged nickel
from the second Susy ballooned up from
the log she’s sitting on and lolloped down
on his neck with a glad and joyful cry of—

  “Oh, my Andy!”

  He got his sentence in less’n five minutes.
Susy says they’ll drive over to Torpedo that
very morning and be married by Judge
Jackman. She wasn’t taking any more
chances, so she wasn’t.

  Poor Andy! He didn’t have no spirit
left. He agreed to everything she said
without a peep. He was so discouraged
and downhearted I cinched up and rode
over with ’em to Torpedo just to be sort o’
friend-at-the-deathbed-to-the-last like.

  At Torpedo there’s a hitch. Judge
Jackman, who issued marriage licenses as
a side line, was out of town. He’s coming
back on No. 3. So Susy herded Andy down
to the railroad station to wait for No. 3.
Ole started to take in the saloons immedi-
ate, but I trailed along with Andy and his
keeper.

  Lordy! Lordy! I don’t believe Susy
hobbled her tongue once them three hours.
She got Andy’s future mapped out fourteen
years in advance by the time No. 3 rolled in.

  The first citizen off was Judge Jackman.
The second was a two-by-tamarack runt
of a squarehead with pop-eyes, a cowhide
bag and a tin trunk. He was so short he’d
have to climb up to sit down, and he stood
there a-mopping his flat face and blinking
in the sunlight.

  “Axel! Axel!” squealed Susy, stamped-
ing down on him.

  “Mein Susy! Mein Susy!” cried the
squarehead, fending her off with the tin
trunk and giving her just one quick-action
kiss. “I ban glad for find you, Susy. I
ban hunt you tree—four year. How you
The Makings of a Sailorman

83

vas, huh? Steel mein leetle Susy? You
steel vait for your boy Axel, huh?”

  “Sure I vas vait,” she tells him. “I vait
and I vait and I break mein heart vaiting.
I tank you skoll never come.”

  “Dot’s all your fault,” says he cross-like
and frowning at her like a bandy-legged
banty. “You vas leave no address ven you
leave Veenona, Meenesota. And ven I
come back from de ol’ country you vas gone
a year already, and I can not find you.
And if I haf not seen Yon Yonson in Nort’
Platte last veek I tink I skoll never find
you. Vv vas you leave no address, Susy?
Dot ban no vay for do. You gotta learn

do more better, Susy, I tall you. I teach
you, you bet. We skoll marry right avay.
You need a man for boss you around. Pick
up de trunk, Susy, and come along show me
vare I buy de license.”

  With that this half-portion o’ nothing
handed Susy the cow-hide bag for good
measure and spraddled off up Main Street
like he owned the earth. And Susy did
what she was told exact as a baa-lamb.
She’d forgot Andy complete and effectual.

  Me personal, I rubbed my eyes to make
sure I was awake; then I turned round to
ask Andy if he seen what I’d been seeing.
But Andy was having hy-sterics.

MAKINGS OF A SAILORMAN

   ^ f&qy P. CAurcfi ill

Author of “The Devil Takes Care of His Own," “Inside and Outsideetc.

yE WAS so big and husky that
a pea-coat looked like a vest
on him. He sat on the after-
bitts abreast No. 4 hatch on
the cargo ship Alta, his broad shoes rest-
ing comfortably on the rail. Presently he
came hurriedly into the afterquarters. The
Alta, deep laden, had scooped up a sea, and
he was dripping wet.

  “I was settin’ on them stumps there,”
he explained to grinning shipmates, “with
my feet on the fence, and the water come
right up and hit me.”

  There you have Orion Saltsman, a big,
good-natured country boy pried loose from
his native clods and set down, man size
and awkward, in the primer grade of old
Mother Sea.

  “What’re you doing in this outfit, Bud?”
said the boatswain’s mate, spare and
gnarled of form and sharp of voice.

  The Alta’s crew, all recruits except the
skeleton complement of old-timers, had

been aboard too short a time for “Hasty”
Day to know them by name, but some men
take nicknames as a dog does burrs.

  “I aim to learn the work,” said the fanner
boy with friendly respect. “My name’s
Saltsman.”

  “Old Salty, eh?” said Hasty. “You’re
the one that was after me for red and green
oil for the running lights?”

  “Yes, sir; I aim to do what they tell me
always.”

  “You do?” said the little man, putting
that full measure of sarcasm into the tone
to which his five red enlistment stripes
entitled him. “Two-thirds of you fellows
think salt water is something to gargle
your throat with. Give your conning
tower an overhauling and see if you can
find a brain or two. There’s no such thing
as green and red oil, but if some of these
wise birds think they’re going to turn this
ship into a vaudeville circuit, they’ll find
themselves studying art after hours. You
84

Adventure

don’t know what that is, either?” asked
Day, as the boy stood, his whole attitude
one of question. “Well, it’s painting the
smoke-stack by moonlight.”

 Hasty Day was a wonder at handling
recruits. His words were as sharp as
knives, but they pared away only the outer
crust and left the heart unhurt. In-
stinctively Saltsman knew that here was a
man who would tell him just what he
wanted to know about this new, strange
business and with his scathing tongue
would put him right when he went wrong.

  The Alta was on her maiden voyage with
a cargo of barreled oil for an English port.
Her skipper, first lieutenant and navigator
were merchant seamen serving in the Naval
Reserve, and in addition to this deck force
she had two ensigns from the Pelham Bay
school. Her crew, made up of the different
required branches, had been sent aboard
her from a training station only three days
before she sailed. Most of them were
young and enthusiastically eager in their
new job, but depressingly green, as far as
knowledge of it went.

  The first week out, as if to haze the can-
didates, there swept down across the
Grand Banks the best half of a northwest
gale, raking the deep laden ship with great
green seas that slapped over the battened
hatches and whirled and raced up the gang-
ways to plunge in foaming cataracts over
the wallowing sides. The Alia groaned
and pitched and rolled as if she, too, new
to the job, were taking a beginner’s lesson.

  The crew, having lost interest in the
palatable concoctions of Tony Ravellotti,
the cook, stood unsteadily on the boat-
deck or lay in their bunks near convenient
deck buckets. The officers and old-timers
stood the watches.

  Bob Woten, the chief yeoman, had the
wheel, and Hasty Day came up to relieve him.

  “Course is three hundred and forty de-
grees,” said Woten, “and the old girl’s
making a trail like a yeomanette’s first
shorthand—carrying half a turn left wheel.
Guess who I relieved, Hasty? Old Salty,
the farm-hand wonder. Had the wheel
gripped like the handles of a plow, but
hanging on and keeping near enough on
the course to get by.

  “ ‘Hello, old Salty,’ I says to him.
‘How’s tricks?’ He just grins at me and
points to the course chalked up there on
the weather board.

  “ ‘Where you going?’ I asks him, but he
didn’t answer, having other business at the
lee rail. Pretty soon he comes staggering
back.

  “ ‘I’ve had ’em from green apples, and
from too much watermelon, and going in
swimming after I et, but this here is kinder
different,’ he confided to me. ‘Does a man
ever get over it?’

  “ ‘Sure!’ I told him. ‘All you have to
do is to catch a dolphin, get Tony to fry
the liver with some onions, and eat that.
Then you’ll be all set.’

  “He thanked me and went after a fish-
line. Can you beat it?”

  “That’ll be enough talking, you two,”
said Ben Hoskins, the watch officer, coming
out of the chart-room, where he had been
figuring a time-sight.

B“I WONDER sometimes,” said the
captain, joining a discussion at the
mess table, “why some of these
boys from inland parts of the country quit
the job they know and take up the sea.”
The three days’ storm had blown itself
out and the recruits had settled back into
a more normal routine.

  “I can tell you why one of them came,
sir,” said Bert Hardin, looking solemnly
across the table at Matthew Cates, the
other Pelham Bay ensign. “His name is
Orion and, being named for a star, he wants
to study navigation.”

  “He’d better begin lower down than the
stars,” said the captain.

  “He is,” said Clinton Nacke, the first
lieutenant. “The bunch is breaking him
in on swab combs and writing letters to be
left in mail buoys, and have had him up at
night holding a light at the gangway to see
if he could catch a flying fish, with the
ship already in forty north and getting in a
higher latitude every watch. They’ve tried
every stunt on him that any of the gang
knows, and so far he hasn’t failed to fall
for a one of them. I expect to find him
on the masthead any time keeping a look-
out for sea-serpents.”

  So active were his shipmates in Salts-
man’s education that there came a time
when they had to let up on him, not because
he had ceased to take their pranks with
patient fortitude, but because they had
tried out all they knew on him and could
think of few new ones.

  “Old Salty’s getting wised up,” confided
The Makings of a Sailorman

85

Bob Woten. “He only grinned when
somebody tried to send him to the pay
clerk for the key to the keelson. I’d
already sent him after it once, and that
was enough.”

  Hasty Day found Saltsman leading
the deck force in the amount of work done
in scraping decks, washing paint-work or
polishing brass. He did it all thoroughly.
In his speech he mixed the idioms of land
and sea to the constant merriment of his
shipmates.

  The new Bowditch which he pored over
in his spare time became thumb-marked
and torn with much handling, and the two
ensigns found him often, in their watch
below, at the door of their rooms with
questions.

  “Now this declination,” he would ask;
“I don’t rightly understand how the old
sun plows as crooked a furrow as the book
appears to make it. And what’s these little
crowfeet here on the chart?”

  In England he bought a second-hand
sextant and I learned painfully to take
observations and read the vernier, and to
keep his thick, sweaty fingers off the already
stained arc.

THE Alta discharged her cargo
of oil and took on general mer-
chandise between decks and enough
manganese ore in her lower holds for ballast.
The raw cold of the North Atlantic was
trying on the recruits. Before leaving
the last English port a good many of them
had severe colds. The hospital apprentice
reported on the third day that he had put
two men in their bunks.

  “It might develop into influenza,” said
the captain. “Watch them closely.”

  The next day the number of sick was
increased to nine—all afflicted with high
temperature, aching joints and all the
symptoms of the epidemic.

  “It’s the flu all right, sir,” the hospital
apprentice told the captain. “I’d like to
have a nurse, somebody to help me take
care of them.”

  “Take who you want,” the captain
ordered. “Keep them isolated in one
compartment. Keep the place scrubbed
and clean.”

  The hospital apprentice asked for a
volunteer at the mess table that evening.

  “I’ll have to have a little sleep,” he said.
“I want somebody to go on at night and

relieve me. All you have to do is to give
the medicine and keep the worst ones
covered up and in their bunks.”

  The men looked at one another without
answering. There had been stories of
ships found drifting helplessly with all
the crew sick or dead. The disease was
known to be extremely contagious, and
no one was anxious to expose himself..
There had come to them letters from their
shipmates in receiving stations, telling of
the awful toll of sudden death.

  “All right,” said the hospital apprentice.
“I’ll just pick put one of you and have the
captain issue an order.”

  “I didn’t come here to wait on the sick,”
grumbled one of the men.

  “You just take my job and let me do it
then,” said Hasty Day, turning on the
speaker with withering scorn. “All some
of you fellows know about the sea is sight-
seeing and drawing your pay.”

  “Do you reckon I could do it?” asked
Saltsman meekly from the end of the table.

  “Sure, let old Salty do it,” came a chorus.
“He’s germ-proof. If they got on him
they’d laugh themselves to death.”
“You’re it, then, big fellow,” said Hasty
Day, “if you mean it. But if you want
to back out, I’ll give one of these would-be
comedians a chance. Most of them never
got by that place in their lives where they
first learned to let old George do the mean
jobs.”

  “I’d try it,” said Saltsman. “Neighbors
had to wait on the sick a little back home.
It’d give me more time for my figgering, too,
maybe.”

  “Unanimously elected,” said Hasty Day,
glaring about -him.

  And so it was decided.

  In the days that followed, the volunteer
nurse had small chance to look into his
navigation books. His patients demanded
all of his strength and every moment of
his time. Patiently he soothed their fever
with icy wet cloths, washed their faces
and brought them food and drink. In
between times, often to the accompaniment
of groans and the labored breathing and
muttering of men half delirious, he
scrubbed and cleaned continuously.

  He and the hospital apprentice relieved
each other in turns of eight hours each,
night and day, while the crew stood aloof,
shunning witii awe the affected compart-
ment. More men caught the epidemic,
86

Adventure

until fifteen were down, and one night,
while Saltsman watched, a man died,
despite the stimulating hypodermic which
the hospital apprentice had taught him to
use.

  The crew grew panicky, fear ridden,
suspicious of every cough and sneeze, and
went hurriedly away when Saltsman or the
hospital apprentice appeared.

  Saltsman grew pale and hollow-eyed,
but kept cheerful with strength which
seemed endless. Hasty Day, one of the
few who refused to be in any way affected,
asked him about a relief.

  “I guess I’d better keep on,” said Salts-
man. “These others ain’t had no fair
chance to learn, and there might be some,
like little Bobbie White, that I could keep
from going even if I did fail with him.”

  “Seems as if you’d be afraid of getting it
yourself, sticking so long,” said Hasty.

  “I never had nothing in my life,” said the
other solemnly.

  “All right, old Salty, go right to it,”
said the boatswain’s mate. “You and
‘Pills’ are doing fine, but there’s no need
to row a good boat on the rocks, either.”

  Gradually the epidemic began to release
its grip on the ship. Those who were
seriously ill passed the crisis, and the fighter
cases became convalescent. As if its pres-
ence aboard had innoculated the rest of the
crew with an antitoxin, no more cases
appeared.

  With his charges giving less trouble,
Saltsman took up his navigation again.
He had an old pilot chart of the North
Atlantic and put down each day with a
pencil a ringed dot to mark the position
he found. The chart was worn and showed
many erasures, and Saltsman’s marks,
where he had laboriously sought to make
his own calculations come somewhere near
the correct noon positions, bore a striking
resemblance to the irregular outline of a
range of mountains. Still he was making
progress, and his faithfulness with the sick
made the officers more lenient toward his
many questions.

       THE Alta, bound for the Gulf ports,
came to the straits between Florida
and the Bahama Islands. At dusk
one night she passed Jupiter light. Salts-
man had the chart spread out on an empty
bunk and crouched beside it on his knees.
A penciled cross marked the position of the

ship, while he measured from the margin
the distance off shore. So engrossed was
he that Ben Hoskins, the watch officer,
had to call twice, rather loudly, before
Saltsman got up and came to the door of the
compartment, his stub of a pencil still
clutched in his fingers.

  “Give me a shot of something for my
head, will you?” demanded the officer.
“Make it pretty strong, too.”

  “Yes sir,” said Saltsman and unlocked
the little woven-wire clothes locker that
he and the hospital apprentice had taken
for a medicine chest.

  “Has the doctor given you anything yet?”
asked Saltsman.

  “No! What’s that got to do with it?
Shake a leg and let’s have something. I’m
on watch.”

  The navigator was cross and irritable.
He was unused to sickness of any kind.
His temples throbbed, and a burning cord
seemed to draw at the back of his head.
He felt feverish, and his throat was parched
and dry. Saltsman rolled out from a bottle
labeled “aspirin,” a couple of white pellets
and drew off a glass of water.

  “This here’s for the headache, sir,” he
said. “Let ’em go down whole. It gen-
erally takes two doses if the headache’s bad.
I’ll bring the other up to the bridge when
it’s time for it.”

  The officer swallowed the medicine, and
Saltsman watched him walk rather un-
steadily to the boat-deck ladder and
climb up.

  “He acts like he’s got it, too,” he said
to himself and started back to the chart
room, pausing to close the medicine chest.
“By golly,” he said as he eyed the row of
bottles, “doc always gives salts, too, and
I forgot it.”

  Pouring out a liberal dose into the glass
Hoskins had used, he dissolved it in water
heated over a little alcohol lamp. Then,
making a round of the patients and seeing
them all quiet, he followed the officer to the
bridge.

  The night was dark and heavily overcast.
The wind which had been blowing from al-
most dead ahead, was now abeam. Coming
from the lighted compartment to the
darkened bridge, Saltsman could not see
very well at first. Only the quartermaster
at die wheel and the dark blur of a bundled
up signal-boy pacing back and forth were
in sight.
The Makings of a Sailorman

87

  “Where’s Mr. Hoskins?” asked Saltsman
in low tones, going over and looking into
the binnacle past the helmsman’s shoulder.

  “Back to the chart - room, I guess.
What’re you doing, Salty? Helping him
navigate?”

  Saltsman grinned. Being kidded about
studying navigation had never worried him.

  “I brought him some medicine,” he
said.

  “Well, you’d better give it to him,” said
the other. “He’s peevish enough to heave
you over the side if he catches you chewing
the fat with the man at the wheel. Beat
it now, before you’re caught.”

  Saltsman could not resist another look
at the compass, despite the other’s warning.

  Saltsman noted that the course was two
hundred and seventy degrees. He repeated
the figures over to himself to keep from
forgetting them as he went toward the
chart-room.

  The side door was open, and at its
entrance he called softly. Getting no
answer, he went on in. At once he caught
the sound of heavy, labored breathing,
and in a moment he was kneeling over the
officer’s body lying full length on the deck.
Saltsman took hold of his shoulder and
shook him. Hoskins groaned, threshed
up with his arms and sent the glass which
Saltsman held spinning across the deck.

  The motion was one of delirium and
from his nursing the sailor recognized it,
even in the dark. He put his hand on the
officer’s forehead and then down inside his
shirt. The man seemed afire with the fever
that racked him. Saltsman wondered what
to do next. In the back of his consciousness
he was still repeating the course he had read
from the compass, and suddenly he realized
it was wrong. He had just left half an
hour’s painful study of his chart and re-
membered that the true course was almost
south.

  “Two hundred and seventy degrees,”
he said. “Ought to be one hundred and
seventy, or near-abouts.”

  He shook Hoskins again and tried to
rouse him. Then he thought of the night
order book, the purpose of which he had
tried so faithfully to memorize. Leaving
Hoskins, he switched on the light over the
broad desk where the charts were spread
and found the course written in ink as
plainly as could be—signed with the cap-
tain’s initials—“One hundred and seventy

degrees.” The chart was there also, to
show plainly that the course should be
almost due south instead of west.

  By tlie light Saltsman saw, too, that
Hoskins’ face was flushed, his mouth open,
and his hands gripping convulsively. His
unseeing eyes stared straight up at the deck
overhead.

  “Bad off,” said Saltsman. “Must’ve
fell in a faint, like Tilman did. I’d better
call doc.”

  Shoving aside the chart and navigation
books, he lifted the heavy man to the desk
and put an oilskin coat under his head.
Then he ran out on the bridge again to see
if by any chance he had been mistaken in
the reading of the compass.

  “What’s all the excitement?” asked the
quartermaster, who had heard the breaking
glass. “Did he throw the stuff at you?”
“Mr. Hoskins is bad sick. I’m going
after doc. But you’re steering the wrong
course. It ought to be one hundred and
seventy, not two hundred and seventy.”
“Must’ve had a shot too many of your
own dope,” said the quartermaster calmly.
“Fooling with the wild ones in the sick
bay must be catching. Go see about Mr.
Hoskins and turn off that light you left
burning in the chart-room.”

  “The course is wrong, I tell you,” in-
sisted Saltsman, “and it’s narrow along
here. Change it right away before I go.”
“Change nothing, you big boob! What
do you think I am, taking orders from a
baby whale? Changing the course without
proper orders is apt to put a man in jail
for the rest of his life, if he’s unlucky enough
to still have it when the ship hits the
beach.”

  “But it’s there in the book,” said Salts-
man, growing more excited all the time.
“I saw it. Hurry, so I can go on and do
something for Mr. Hoskins!”

  “I go by my orders, bo,” said the other
firmly. “Brush on by, now. If you’re
so sure of yourself, wake up the old man
and tell him your troubles, but don’t tell
’em to me.”

  “Get away from there,” said the big
sailor with sudden determination. “You’re
heading wrong, certain and sure.”

  He took hold of the wheel, struggling for
its possession.

  Micky Morton, the quartermaster, was
one of the old-timers, squarely built and
stocky. He tried to hold the wheel and,
88

Adventure

with elbows and back, to shake Saltsman
off, but, despite all he could do, it went over,
spoke by spoke, and very slowly the big
ship began to swing around.

  “Let go!” said Micky wrathfully and
stepped back, swinging a straight blow for
Saltsman’s face.

  The quartermaster’s aim was good and
there was no attempt to parry. It would
have been a knockout for most any one
else, but Saltsman only grunted, shook his
head, and swept back with one of his big
hands, holding the wheel over with the other.
The move was unexpected, as the quarter-
master had good reason to believe that his
blow would put the man out, and in the
dark he did not see it coming. He was sent
spinning across the bridge.

  “You leave me be,” said Saltsman with-
out anger. “I know what I’m about.”
“Same as all the other nuts from the nut
farms,” retorted the quartermaster, his head
ringing with the mighty cuff.

  He collided with the nest of speaking-
tubes that went below, and jerked out one
of the plugs to whistle for the captain.

  “I’ll have the Old Man up. Come on
over here, Bert,” he called to the signal-boy.
“Gimme me a hand with this loco hay
pitcher. Can’t wait for an answer, but the
whistle will bring him.”

  Bert was reluctant.

  “Maybe Mr. Hoskins did say one hun-
dred and seventy and not two hundred and
seventy,” he temporized. “Let’s wait for
the skipper.”

  “Wait nothing! This bird’s gone wild.
He’ll pile us up on the beach while the
Old Man is getting his boots on. Grab
him around the legs while I sink another
hot one in his jaw.”

  “You two let me alone,” begged Salts-
man. “I don’t want to hurt neither one
of you, but I’m a-going to hold this here
wheel till she reads a hundred and seventy.”
The two men advanced, using con-
siderable caution. The Alta was swinging
sluggishly with left wheel.

“LIGHT HO!” exclaimed the sig-
nalman suddenly.

  “Where away?” answered the
quartermaster mechanically, wondering
what other complication was developing
to confuse a situation still far from solution.

  “Red light half a point on the starboard
bow!” cried the signalman, pointing.

  “Schooner or something,” said the quar-
termaster. “No masthead light. We’re
right on top of her, and she’s got all the
right of way there ever was! Suffering Pete,
what a smash-up! Pull that whistle cord,
Bert! Three blasts!”

  The quartermaster jumped for the en-
gine-room telegraph, intending to back the
engines.

  Saltsman was the quicker. He had seen
the light, too, and, picking up the grating
which smaller helmsmen used to stand on,
he jammed it under the wheel to hold it
where he wanted, and ran to the telegraph.
Micky felt himself picked up bodily, his
hand torn from the lever. As he was
thrown down the deck, he heard Saltsman’s
grunt of effort. The pointer still stood
at full speed ahead.

  Bert, the signal-boy, had reached the
wheel, pulled out the grating, and started
to revolve the spokes to stop the Alta’s turn.

  “Keep away, buddie,” warned Saltsman.
“I’m going to do the steering till the captain
gets here.”

  At his command the signal-boy let go
promptly. Even with the quartermaster’s
help he was doubtful of success in subduing
the big sailor.

  Saltsman took the wheel. The red light
was now broad on the starboard lx>w.

  “That'll clear now,” he muttered and
spun the wheel over, reversed the helm, and
began to steady the big ship.

  “Green to green and red to red,” he
muttered to himself, “keep your course and
go ahead.”

  The quartermaster, scrambling back from
the wing of the bridge where Saltsman’s
heave, and a roll of the ship at the same
time, had thrown him, came up behind again.

  “Don’t you know anything, you big
farmer?” he shouted. “You’ve got your
green light to the other fellow’s red one.
Put her over right wheel, quick, before we
cut her in two!”

  Again he attempted to reach the spokes,
but as before Saltsman shook him off.
Micky Morton’s morale was still good,
but the feel of the big sailor’s enormous
strength had made him wary.

  “You’re trying to fool me," said Salts-
man. “I don’t trust you. Red to red the
book says, and I learnt it by heart. She’s
passing, anyhow, whatever it is.”

  “Yes, I see,” said the quartermaster
scornfully. “All the real sailors are not
The Makings of a Sailorman

89

dead yet. The skipper of the other craft
must have put her about, seeing that who-
ever was at the wheel here meant to run
him down, rules or no rules. Give me that
wheel now, you bone-headed pumpkin
peeler, and quit this monkey business.
Come on, Bert. We’ve got to manhandle
this guy.”

  The two made another determined but
unsuccessful attempt to wrest the wheel
from Saltsman. The fight was interrupted
in its first stages by the voice of the captain,
coming up from below, seeing first the light
on the bow, and then the struggling men
at the wheel.

  “What’s going on here? Where is the
officer of the watch? What’s that light on
the bow?”

  Quickly he swung his night glasses into
position and gave a sharp, quick order—
“Left wheel!”

  Micky and Bert fell back at once, and
Saltsman obeyed the order promptly. The
red light came on the beam, on the quarter,
and then showed up astern.

  “Ease your helm,” ordered the captain.
“Steady at eighty for the present. Now
tell me what happened.”

  “Things were all right, sir,” answered
the quartermaster, “running along as
smooth as could be until this fellow came
running up here saying we were off the
course, and taking the wheel away from me.
He said Mr. Hoskins was sick in the chart-
room and we ought to be steering one hun-
dred and seventy instead of two hundred
and seventy.”

  “The course is one hundred and seventy,”
the captain broke in sharply. “It’s in the
night order book. That red light is on a
gas buoy at the end of Barrier Shoals. It’s
a good thing somebody changed the course.
What’s the reason I wasn’t called sooner?”
“I did call you, sir, as soon as I could get
to the tube, but Mr. Hoskins told me
plainly that it was two hundred and
seventy. Then he went to the chart-room
and didn’t come back.”

  “Never mind about, that. It’s easy to
confuse one and two with no one here to
check up. Get aft on the run and take a
sounding. And you, signal-boy, jump be-
low and break out the doctor. Where is
Mr. Hoskins?”

  “He’s in the chart-room, sir,” said Salts-
man, “lying on the table.”

  Then, still holding the wheel, Saltsman
told his part of the story in halting, em-
barrassed sentences.

  “You thought the red light was a ship,
did you?”

  “Yes sir,” said Saltsman. “The quar-
termaster said it was a sailing vessel of
some kind because she didn’t carry a mast-
head light. And I made a big mistake, sir,
being worried and upset with so many
things on my mind. I was thinking our
red light was next to that red light, and
kept Her going straight. If it had been a
sliip we would have run together. But
captain, the boys was pestering me a lot, and
pulling at me. I just naturally forgot.”
“It’s a blessing you did,” said the skipper,
“and I hardly believe you will ever forget
that little point again. This time, if you
had read the fights correctly, we should
have run straight in across Barrier Shoals
instead of outside in deep water. Taking
charge as you did saved the ship. I’m
going to see that you get a better chance
to study navigation. You’ve got the
makings of a real sailorman in you.”

  This from the captain meant a great deal,
and Saltsman knew it. He had been
anxious about the outcome of what he had
done, and here was praise heaped upon
him. He stood seeking words to express
his gratitude, but before he could speak the
captain went on:

  “Here come the others,” he said. “Get
on below now and see if you can help with
Mr. Hoskins.”

  Ben Hoskins was revived with a whiff
of ammonia and carried to his room. The
moderate dose of aspirin, given for the head-
ache, had been sufficient to slow up his
heart and make him faint, but left no bad
after effects. With the usual few days of
fever, he began to get well. During his
convalescence he laid out a course of study
for Saltsman which had the captain’s
approval. He was quite as grateful as
the captain for what the boy had done, for
had the Alta gone on the reef, he would have
been responsible, as it was his watch.

  “I’ll have you ready to take out a license
as soon as you get your discharge,” he
promised Saltsman and kept his word.
GENTLEMEN

OF THE NORTH

 /1 Four-Part Story

       Part m
       Hugh Penclexter

Author of “Red Bells,” “When Kentucky Starved,” etc.

The first part of the story briefly retold in story form.

T3LACK CHABOT, manager of the Pembina post
of the North West Company, was as fond of
“high wine”—alcohol diluted with water—as were the
Indians with whom he traded. He was more lavish
with the “new milk” than were the other posts, and
consequently his Chippewas were usually drunk.
Gradually his power was waning, for the Indians had
little respect for the white man who got drunk with
them. As his clerk, I was the only one at the post
who still held their respect, for I never drank.
Even Old Tabashaw, their chief, seldom disobeyed
me.

  It was April in the first year of Black Chabot’s
management, 1804; new skins were coming in, and
the Indians were in an ugly, drunken mood. I
realized that they were bent on making trouble.

  “We will kill the white men and take their new
milk for ourselves.”

  It was old Tabashaw, the Chippewa Chief, who had
spoken, and I knew the threat was not an idle one.

  “The Sioux! The Sioux are upon us!”

  Black Chabot brought this news. There was
nothing that could sober the Chippewas so quickly
as this alarm, and only their preparations to defend
themselves saved the white men at the post.

  Flat Mouth, one of the Chippewas, was the only
one I felt I could trust, and so I dispatched him to
learn if the Sioux were really upon us. When he
returned, it was with the news that the smoke which
had caused the alarm had been made by friendly
Crees and Assiniboins bringing trade. The danger
was past, but the rumor had served its turn; the
Chippewas were quiet.

  The next day I was dispatched to the X. Y., a
rival post, to make an agreement against sending
men out to drum up trade. At the N. W. posts on
the Reed and on the Scratching, I stoppped to order
the managers to be prepared to send their skins
down the river. I knew that the brigade would
start soon and was happy, for back at headquarters
I had determined to ask for transfer—anything
to get away from Black Chabot.

  Both Desset and Probos, the managers of these
two posts, aroused my suspicions. They seemed to
be madly hurrying to pack their skins, but the
brigade seldom left till June and it was now only

April. Desset claimed that his books had been
burned by a drunken Indian, and all his accounts
destroyed. He seemed, too, to have very few skins,
yet the season had been a good one. Then from one
of Desset’s men I learned that the manager had
been sending skins down the river secretly. Desset
had secured his post through Black Chabot, so I sus-
pected that all of the managers were involved in a
plot to cheat the North West Company.

  At the X. Y. I reached an agreement with Red
Dearness, the rival manager. There, too, I tried to
solve the mystery of Red Dearness’ woman, reported
by some to be a half-breed. I heard her speak and
knew from her talk that she was educated, but I did
not see her.

  The next morning at the Scratching pest, I was
dumbfounded to see Black Chabot and the brigade
coming down the river, their canoes loaded with
skins. Why had they started so early? It was then
that the blow fell. Black Chabot ordered me to
stay at the Pembina post and take charge during
the Summer. I was not to go back to the country
of the whites where I had not been in three years.
The disappointment was great, but I mastered it
and started back to the post while Chabot and Des-
set set off. On my way I saw that Red Dearness,
too, was going down the river with his skins.

  Another Sioux scare sent Flat Mouth and myself
south of the Pembina to investigate. A detach-
ment of warriors was encountered and Flat Mouth
brought back four scalps.

  At the post some Crees and Assiniboins came in,
but they refused to hunt. I finally found the reason.
Their medicine had been stolen. The voice from
Riviere Qu’Appelle, the River Tha* CaUs, had dis-
appeared. This river, a ma:n fork J the Assini-
boin, was regarded with much fear by the Indians of
the Northwest. It was supposed to be haunted by a
mi: 'ity spirit which cried aloud in its flight up and
down the course. Such a voice had been heard on
the Pembina recently, and the Crees believed it had
been stolen by the Chippewas.

  Accustomed to Indian superstition, I realized
what disastrous results this would have on the
morale of my hunters. I promised that the voice
should be restored in month.

90
Gentlemen of the North

'T'HE next day I received a call from Red Dear-
ness’ “woman” and, to my surprize, discov-
ered that this woman was the trader’s daughter
and not a half-breed wife as had been rumored.
Her fiery red hair had caused the Indians to give
her the name “Medicine Hair” and credit her with
supernatural powers.

  Her call was a matter of business. She urged me
to stop trading rum with the Indians and to my
amusement told me she had already discontinued
the practise.

  She also revealed to me the mystery of the Voice.
In her visit to the Pembina she had often sung along
that lonely river, and the Indians, hearing this, had
believed her voice to be that of the River That
Calls.

  Before leaving she threatened to use her power
over the superstitious Indians to force them to trade
skins without rum. I laughed at her, well knowing
the power of high wine.

  As the days passed, however, my trade fell oil
alarmingly.

  Crazy for rum, one of the X. Y. Indians stole a
keg from the N. W. I started out after him, and
my quest finally brought me to Miss Dearness. She
forced the Indian to return the keg, and so quickly
did he do her bidding that I then realized how great
was her power over the savages.

  “God! But you’re a tearing beauty!” said a
thick voice.

  Miss Dearness and I turned to find that Black
Chabot had returned—drunk as usual. He leered
at the woman and informed her that he had over-
taken the X. Y. brigade down the river, and that her
father had died during the trip.

  As he reached at Miss Dearness, I knocked him
down.

91

  The fight was one-sided, for Black Chabot was
very drunk. I finally drove him down the river,
swearing that, if he ever returned I would kill
him.

  A few days later I learned that Miss Dearness
had gone up the river in search of skins. To my
surprize, too, I learned that she had played upon
the superstitions of Flat Mouth to force him to ac-
company her.

  Realizing the danger she ran in the Sioux coun-
try, I finally resolved to follow. Packing some
white buffalo robes, which are considered “big medi-
cine” by all tribes except the Chippcwas, I set out
alone, leaving Probos in charge.

  On the way my worst fears were confirmed. I
encountered a hostile Sioux scout. Fearing lest I
was already too late, I hastened on up tfie Red
Lake River.

  There I found more signs of the enemy. Then,
suddenly, the undergrowth parted and I caught a
glimpse of disheveled red hair.

  The friendly Pillager, Flat Mouth, was close be-
hind. The three of us united and made our way to
the river and crossed, only to find a dozen of the
enemy awaiting us.

  Here, however, the white robes I had brought
came into use. Miss Dearness wrapped one around
both Flat Mouth and myself. The Sioux, seeing
the powerful medicine, hesitated, and we succeeded
in gaining shelter in the woods.

  There, surrounded by the Sioux, we decided to
wait until night. I trusted to my double-barreled
gun and their fear of the medicine robes to keep the
Indians off till darkness could aid our escape. But
there was only one chance in a thousand that we
could win free and back-track safely through the
long reaches of that wild country.

CHAPTER VII

 THE SIOUX RECEIVE REINFORCEMENTS

 THIS encouraged us tremendously.
Miss Dearness stuck more willow
branches around our two forts,
while I remained with the
chief, who was curiously watching the
Indians on the plains. All of the Sioux
were now mounted, the horses the Pil-
lager had captured being replaced by those
whose owners had fallen. For some minutes
the band milled about; then one man
rode aside and began haranguing in a
loud voice. The Pillager, who had traveled
and lived on the Missouri, readily inter-
preted the speech, which consisted of ex-
hortations for the Sioux to remember they
were brave men, that our scalps must go
back to their village to wipe out their dis-
grace in having lost warriors. The white
woman was to be taken alive. I was glad
Miss Dearness was busy with her willow
wands, for the Pillager interpreted word for

word, and she understood the Chippewa
tongue almost as well as she did English.

 When the speechmaker desisted the
Sioux swung into a long line, a maneuver
beautifully executed. In this formation
they came towards us at a walk, tossing
up their lances, waving their axes and sing-
ing lustily. I made ready with my gun,
picking the leader and a man on the left
end as my two victims, but Flat Mouth
folded his arms and did not even see to it
that his bow was taut.

  “Make ready!” I nervously advised.

  He grunted in disgust. All but half a
dozen of the horsemen began to pivot
on the left end of their line and, almost
before I could understand what they were
up to, this huge segment was galloping
madly along, parallel to the woods and
away from us.

  “When night comes we shall ride very
swift or very soft,” mumbled Flat Mouth,
resuming the task of gathering arrows.

  In short, the Sioux were perfectly willing
we should break from cover and ride south,
92

Adventure

  and left the six men to keep watch on us.
But if we attempted to ride north we must
pass through the bulk of their band.

  Miss Dearness came up to us, and I told
her how the Sioux had thrown most of their
men to the other side of the grove. She
promptly said:

  “It doesn’t make sense. If they didn’t
dare attack when all together what good
will it do them to divide their forces?”
“They will wait until dusk and creep in

from both sides-”

  “And be shooting into each other,” she
shot in.

  “Or stay'out on the plain and wait for us
to try and break through,” I concluded.

  “But if they don’t dare attack in force
they must know we can stay here as long
as they can stay out there. We can creep
to the river and fish. We can make some
kind of a raft and cross, or float down-
stream. We can stay right here and eat
our horses. The rivulet furnishes water.
And there is a chance that some of our
Chippewas may come up the river and give
them battle. There’s more to it than a
waiting campaign. They’re anxious to
cage us up here until what? Whatever it is
the time will be short.”

  She spoke in English and I translated
it to the Pillager. His small eyes sparkled
appreciatively and he declared:

  “Medicine Hair sees beyond the woods
and hill. She can call and send away a
voice. She can send her eyes far up the
river and over the plain. Look! Tell me
what that means!”

  He was pointing to the south and at first
I could make out nothing. Then I spied it,
a thin stream of blue smoke. The girl
promptly said in Chippewa:

  “The Sioux know help is coming. They
will not attack until their friends come.
That will be some time before morning.
Soon the others will send up a smoke.”
The meaning of the smoke was very
obvious. Not a half-breed hunter, not a
man at any post in our department who
could not have read it. Even Probos
would have understood. Yet the Pillager,
a master at such things, heard her as if she
had been an oracle.

  “Can the Medicine Hair’s eyes, when
she calls them back, tell how many Sioux
there are at the bottom of that smoke?”
he humbly asked.

  “As many as were here before you killed

  any,” she calmly replied. Then in English
to me: “It’s reasonable to believe they
belong to the same party and split up in
two equal bands. So long as he believes in
my manito, so much the braver will he be.”
The chief began talking to himself in a
guttural and almost audible voice and
fell to fingering his bow nervously. His
emotion was occasioned by the sight of the
six warriors out in front. They were
beyond arrow range, and only by luck could
a ball score any damage.

  They began running back and forth,
and we saw they were heaping up dry grass.
They paid no attention to us, being intent
solely on answering the signal

  With a leap the Pillager was on his horse
and riding towards them, his bow held with
arrow notched. He was not singing now,
and as if in a trance the girl and I watched
his progress. As the drama of the situation
got into our heads we instinctively clasped
hands. Back and forth scuttled the Sioux.
Forward rode the Pillager. Then one of
them chanced to discover him and, with
a shout of fear, turned and made for his
pony. I saw him go down with a Sioux
arrow buried to the feathers in his back.

  With screams of rage the others snatched
up their weapons, opened fire and then
mounted their horses. With a whoop the
Pillager charged at them, and they sep-
arated in haste to let him pass through,
but, when a bit beyond the fallen warrior,
he brought his pony round on two hoofs
and was making for the timber, swinging
very low from the saddle as he rode. For
a moment the speed of his mount was
checked, then picked up a rattling pace,
and the chief was sitting erect, waved some-
thing round his head and sounded his ter-
rible scalp-cry.

  “By heavens! But that was a coup
worth counting!” I fiercely exclaimed.

With a little shudder the girl reminded:
“They could have come through the
woods while we stood here. We’ve been

very careless and-”

  She ceased abruptly and stared down at
our clasped hands.

  I was as much surprized as she. Cer-
tainly I was no more conscious than she
of having taken her hand. It was three
years since I had taken a white woman’s
hand. In no way was the experience dis-
pleasing.

  “He may need help,” she said, releasing
Gentlemen of the North

93

her hand and looking toward the Pillager.

  I leaped out in front with my gun, and
the warriors behind the Chippewa vanished
over the sides of their ponies and swung off
to the west. On rushed Flat Mouth, still
singing and shouting. But the climax of
his arrival was weakened by a puff of smoke
from a mound of grass. The signal fire
was burning, and the Indians were heaping
wet grass and green branches upon it.

  Leaving the two to watch the smoke,
I hastened to the north side of the grove.
Had the enemy but known it he could
have massacred the girl and me easily, as
we watched the Pillager’s sensational ex-
ploit. When I came to the end of the
growth I noted the Sioux had heard the
Chippewa’s scalp-yell and were very un-
easy. They were riding back and forth,
their eyes fixed on the timber, while one of
their number was galloping madly toward
the tip of the grove to learn what had
happened. After watching them for a
minute and failing to detect any sign of
an advance on our position, I returned to
my companions and related what I had
observed.

  “The name of Eshkebugecoshe fills the
Sioux hearts with fear. It makes them
old women,” loudly boasted the chief.

  “It was a big coup,” I declared. “You
may paint the marks of death and the
feet of horses on your body and on your
tent to show you killed a man while riding
hard.”

The chief toned down his vanity on
meeting the girl’s clear gaze and confessed:

  “Eshkebugecoshe is a mighty warrior,
but the white woman’s medicine helped
him. It made the Sioux blind till I could
creep very close.”

  “Couldn’t we get across the river? I
can swim,” eagerly spoke up Miss Dear-
ness.

      FLAT MOUTH said it would be
y| foolish to cross before dark, but
he suggested that I reconnoiter
the river while he watched the Indians.
He did not seem to think much of the
suggestion, but as it came from the girl
he was bound to consider it, probably
believing her medicine suggested the
plan. I thought very favorably of the
idea. The Indians’ belief that we planned
to use the ponies in attempting to escape
would tend to blunt their watch of the river.

  I followed the rivulet until I came to
its mouth, a bit of a beach grown round
with reeds and tall grass. The river rolled
brown and silent except for the murmuring
of air currents. Mid-stream a huge tree
floated with roots upraised, like arms held
up in surrender—desolation and solitude.
As I watched the water I decided a man
could well risk the danger. A long swim
under water, timed to take advantage of
some of the driftwood ever passing, and
the trick could be turned. But the water
was icy cold and the danger was not for a
woman to run unless absolutely necessary.

  Yet at night, with the aid of a log, Miss
Dearness could be ferried across. I began
to look about for some fallen timber which
would serve as a raft. It was while occu-
pied in this task that I received ample
proof that the Sioux had not forgotten the
river. The proof was an arrow which
whizzed by my head and disappeared in
the reeds. I drew back among the trees
and, cocking my gun, searched the top of
the bank. I could see nothing suspicious,
yet a savage could remain below the bank
with the top of his head masked by the
fringe of dead grass. Thus concealed, he
could follow my every movement and loose
another arrow when I presented a fair
target.

  The thought made me uncomfortable,
and I retreated deeper into the grove. A
mocking yell told me that my flight had
been witnessed, and, incensed, I turned
back, determined to get a shot at him.
The rascal was too cunning in his hiding,
so, returning to my companions, I reported
the incident.

  Flat Mouth slipped out of his white
robes and without a word stole to the
river to match his woodcraft against the
sentinel’s. As he had reported that the
Sioux on the north side of the timber were
quiet, and as no danger could take the
girl unaware from the south side, I sur-
rendered to my desire and followed him.

  Armed only with his bow and arrow
he slipped through the growth with the
softness of a lynx, following my trail along
the rivulet. Keeping well back, I watched
him. He was studying my tracks rather
than looking about for the enemy. He
halted a short distance from where I had
stood in the open when the arrow missed
me, then glided to the edge of the reeds
and, bending low, pulled an arrow from the
94

Adventure

muck. As he straightened I saw his arm
twitch and a red blotch appear on the
biceps. Leaping to one side, he fitted the
arrow to his bow, gave a keen, sweeping
glance overhead and discharged the arrow.
Almost with the twang of the bow there
came the shrill death-cry from the sentinel
and I saw a dark body bump down along
the trunk of an oak and lodge against one
of its branches.

  Gliding back to me, the Pillager an-
nounced:

  “Sometime I will climb up and get his
hair. The arrow in the mud showed that
it came from overhead and not from the
bank.”

  With this explanation he registered the
kill with his terrible war-cry.

  We hastened back through the grove,
the Pillager swinging to the north to recon-
noiter, while I made direct for Miss Dear-
ness. She had heard the two cries, one of
death and one of victory, and stood facing
the river, her hands twisted together, her
face white and drawn. On beholding me
she hastily turned toward the plain and
her hands fell listlessly to her side.

  The column of smoke had replied to the
message from the south and was now
dying out. She informed that while I had
been gone the Indians had used their robes
to coafine the smoke and then released it
in puffs. Had the Pillager witnessed it he
could have read the code. However it
was not difficult to guess the message; it
told those in the south to hasten if they
would be in at a triple kill.

  Until now I had had no chance to ex-
change more than a few words with Miss
Dearness. She gestured for me to sit beside
her on the robes, and I took the oppor-
tunity to say:

  “You should have started back East the
minute you heard your father was dead.”

  “I told him I would stay till some one
came to take his place.”

  “But it’s no place for a white woman,”
I protested. “It’s bad enough for a man
to be cast away among these savages.”

  She smiled faintly and reminded—

  “The only danger I’ve faced—until to-
day—was from a white man, Black
Chabot.”

  “I wish the Robe had hit him with his
arrows.”

  “I told the Robe to be very careful and
not hit him, the drunken beast!”

  “If we could only get word to my Chip-
pewas,” I sighed.

  “It would do no good so long as I am
with you,” she discouraged. Then with
a grim little laugh: “I’m bad luck. If you
were alone they would come; but not while
I’m with you. They believe I stole the
voice from the Qu’ Appelle or that my
medicine wasn’t strong enough to keep it.
If I hadn’t sent the voice back they would
dare anything to help me.”

  “Then the Crees and Assiniboins?”

  “They’ve heard the Chippewas tell that
my medicine is weak. Now they believe
I would have kept the Voice if I could.
They feel no gratitude. It would be as
dangerous for me to meet Cree or Assiniboin
away from the post as it has been to meet
the Sioux.”

  “Nonsense!” I scoffed. “They’re afraid
of you, even if they don’t like your medi-
cine.”

  “They hate me and they don’t fear me.
When I went on the river alone at night
and sang to forget my loneliness I little
knew what I was stirring up. I went to
get away from the drinking and fighting.
I sang, as I was always singing back in the
East.”

  “But the Assiniboins would listen to me,”
I proudly insisted.

  “Mr. Franklin, you don’t know them.
You’ve met those that come to your post.
Their territory extends far to the west.
They’re a mighty people. You’ve met
men from one band only. Meet them
away from your fort and your rum and you
will find they’re very much savages.”

A HORSEMAN suddenly darted
toward us, his bow drawn, seeking
to learn if we were keeping watch.
I covered his bobbing figure as best I could
and held my fire until he should come with-
in decent range. Just as I began to hope,
he pulled his pony about and scuttled back
to his mates.

  “Who are you? Where were you bom?”
I asked, lowering my gun.

  “English—England,” she murmured, her
gaze wandering far beyond the wild
horizon.

  “And I’m an American. Flat Mouth
thinks your hair is medicine.”

  With a little frown she gathered up the
disheveled mass and, before my eyes, per-
formed the miracle of restoring her hair
Gentlemen of the North

95

to glossy smoothness by the simple process
of patting, twisting and poking. Stay out
in the Northwest for three seasons and you
will appreciate how keenly this simple task
appeals to a white man.

  She faced me suddenly, her blue eyes
prying deep into mine, and abruptly
asked—

  “Why do you look at me like that?”
  “Like what?” I defended.

  “As if you had never seen a woman
before.”

  “I haven’t seen a white woman for three
seasons,” I sighed.

  “I understand.” And she turned to
resume her watch of the Indians.

  “A white woman even if she be as
ignorant and unattractive as a scullery
maid would seem a goddess to you now.”
“Scarcely that,” I demurred. “Three
years out here is a long time, but not an
eternity. I never dream of scullery

maids. I-”

  Her grave reproachful gaze caused me
to shift and ask—

  “You’ll be willing to start back east after
you get out of this?”

  “When my successor comes. The X. Y.
people allow nothing to interfere with the
interests of the company.”

  “Except rum,” I reminded.

 “That was my whim. The company
will disapprove. My defense will be that
the drinking made it dangerous for me.
They will let it go at that. The com-
panies know liquor is bad for the trade.
If it weren’t for competition they wouldn’t
use it. It isn’t sound business. You must
depend entirely upon the Indians to get
furs into the posts. The richest fur country
in the world would be worthless unless
you had Indians to work it. Then where
is the sense in killing off your workmen
with rum? Every drinking match means
so many wounded and usually one or more
dead. It’s bad enough when the quarrels
are kept within one tribe, but let a Chip-
pewa stab a Cree, or a Cree an Assiniboin,
and you have a season of war between the
two tribes, and no trade. Except when
fighting an opposition the Hudson’s Bay
Company is very careful about giving out
liquor. So would the X. Y. and the N. W.
be if either could have all the trade.”

  “If the N. W. and the opposition posts
should shut down on rum tomorrow you’d
find these Indians hunting for some free

trader to give rum for their goods. They
will travel any distance to get new ‘milk.’
They will have rum and we must have the
furs. There is no other way.”

  “Oh yes, there is,” she murmured. “Give
one company a monopoly of the trade,
and the furs will come in and no rum will
go out.”

 “But which company? The N. W.?
Then I agree with all my heart.”

  “The companies should combine into one.
No company would refuse if it knew a
monopoly was to be granted.”

  She became silent and I was satisfied
to study her profile. During the stress
of fighting and retreating I had defended
her from a sense of duty. The puzzling
and disturbing emotions which had driven
me up the river to find her had abated.
From the moment we met in the woods,
and I learned my work was cut out for
me she became quite impersonal, some-
thing to be saved. The Pillager placed
her on a pedestal and looked on her as
mighty medicine because of her hair.

  Now that I took time to study her she
became a personality again, to be pro-
tected differently than one protects a pack
of beaver. This knowledge was borne in
upon me after I had decided she was very
tired. Weariness suggests weakness. The
strain had told on her and this fact human-
ized her. I began to pity her. I was
guilty of feeling glad she was weary, for
it proved that she was no superwoman.

  I arranged a robe at the foot of an oak
between two huge roots and asked her to
lie there and rest. At first she dismissed
the suggestion with an impatient shake of
the head, then abruptly changed her mind
and made herself comfortable. I remained
behind the bushes watching the enemy.
Inside of five minuted her deep and regular
breathing told me she was asleep.

  I turned and looked at her and found
the masculine resolution which had char-
acterized her face was replaced by woman-
liness. She held a new interest for me,
and I wondered if, when back east, she was
not always like this, relaxed and soft and
winsome. She was half reclining, half
sitting, with her head and shoulders
against the oak, and as I gazed, her head
sank to one side and I feared she would
lean too far and lose her balance. I sat
beside her, and her head rested on my
shoulder.
96

Adventure

  Thus we sat while the sun sped along on
its eternal errand. Thus we sat when a
Sioux vidette galloped slowly toward the
grove with the intention of counting coup
by coming very close. Through the lace
work of willow branches I could see the
scoundrel plainly, although remaining un-
seen by him.

  As the girl had her head pillowed on my
right shoulder I raised my gun with my
left hand. Even when thus handicapped
I knew I could pot him if he should come
up a bit closer. He wavered, almost halted
and stabbed his suspicious glances up and
down the front of our shelter, then directed
his horse well within easy range. I had
him, only the explosion of the piece would
have startled the girl. I held my fire.
Something suddenly alarmed him, and he
yanked his pony about and rode frantically
back to his mates. Arrows began pursuing
him, three in the air at a time, and I knew
the Pillager was back from his trip of dis-
covery. The arrows did no damage, and
the man escaped.

  Then the Pillager burst through the
undergrowth, his face distorted with fear.
On beholding us he grunted in deep disgust,
yet looked much relieved. Finding the
savage so close without any action on my
part, he assumed we had been butchered.
The girl stirred and opened her blue eyes.
For a few moments she remained with her
head on my shoulder, her eyes slightly
dazed as sleep still lingered. Then a red
tide spread to her neck and she drew back
against the tree trunk.

  “You could have killed him!” Flat
Mouth was accusing.

  “The range was long,” I protested.

  “You could have killed him,” insisted
the chief. “The Medicine Hair slept on
your shoulder, or we would have now one
more dead Sioux.”

  The girl understood. Her manner was
gentle as she asked—

  “You didn’t fire because of me?”

  “You were sleeping nicely. You needed
rest. Tonight will be very hard on you.
Besides, the chief is mistaken. The war-
rior was too far away.”

  Flat Mouth easily followed my disclaimer
and with a grunt cried:

  “Let the Medicine Hair see how far away
the Sioux dog was.”

  Before I could stop him he was running
out on the plain. The horsemen pranced

about, undecided whether to drive him
back or await developments. Possibly they
believed he was insane. He stopped, stuck
an arrow into the earth and loudly called:
“Here, white woman, is where the dog
turned his horse. Is it long range?”
“Almost an easy pistol-shot,” she mur-
mured. “You shouldn’t have minded me.”
“But I do mind you,” I assured. “Be-
sides, one more dead won’t save us. Others
will be arriving before night. Shooting
won’t get us clear. We must depend on
the darkness.”

  “You think we can break through?” she
wistfully asked.

  “We will sneak through,” I answered,
renewing my pity for her as I more fully
realized how she had stood face to face
with death ever since discovered by the
Sioux.

  The Pillager and I had the stimulus of
battle to hold us up to the mark. She
must await the verdict and, if it be adverse,
kill herself or die a thousand deaths.

  “I suppose it depends on whether the
Sioux up the river arrive before or after
dark,” she murmured.

  “It will be dark before they arrive,”
I comforted.

  I was horribly afraid. The Sioux would
make all haste on reading the smoke which
told of three victims—one a woman—
awaiting capture. I believed they would
arrive before night. Did they do this we
must stand an attack in force and go down
fighting. I prayed for a storm to spoil
their bow-strings and leave my gun master
of the situation, but the wind continued
strong from the south, and there was no
hint of rain in the sky.

  Had it been a case of the Pillager and
myself we would have taken to the river,
trusting to reach the opposite bank and
find a hiding place in the thickly timbered
country. By separating, one of us would
stand some chance of escaping. Together
with the girl it would be a miracle if we
could conceal ourselves even if we reached
the other bank of the river. Only a black
night would reduce the advantage of mere
numbers.

OCK) FLAT MOUTH came up to us,
turned on his heel and retired into
the timber. I endeavored to engage
him in conversation but he would not talk.
The girl said his silence meant he had lost
Gentlemen of the North

97

hope, that he believed the enemy would
receive reinforcements before night. I
insisted he was still angry because I had
not shot at the Sioux while she slept on
my shoulder. Then we sat side by side,
trying to conceal from each other our
anxiety, as we watched the sun and kept
an eye on the few Indians. They too
seemed more interested in the upper
reaches of the Red than in us. Like our-
selves they were watching for the coming
of their tribesmen.

  The sun was all but lost behind the
western rim, and the long shadows cast
by the Indians in front of us would soon
fade with the twilight. Now the race
between the red scoundrels and the sun
was almost run, my heart began jumping
most erratically. The girl seemed lost in a
reverie, so I left her to see what was going
on north of the timber.

  The Indians were dismounted and
stretched across the plain to prevent our
making a break. There were no shadows
now, and the light had perceptibly dimmed.
I knew how quickly the light fled in these
vast areas of loneliness, once the sun gave
up the fight. Only a few minutes more
and we would hope for the best. A warrior
sprang to his feet and stared toward the
river. I believed he had glimpsed the
Pillager. He said something, and other
warriors stood up, one even standing on his
horse.

  Then came a high pitched call from the
river. With an extravagant display of
joy they answered the call, sprang to their
ponies and began riding back and forth.
From the other side of the timber came a
yelping chorus.

  “Mr. Franklin! Mr. Franklin!” called
the bell-like voice of Miss Dearness.

  I ran back, much alarmed, and found
she had come as far as the rivulet in search
of me.

  “They’re coming!” she said.

  I raced to the edge of the woods and
beheld them, riding far apart, waving
their weapons and shouting their war-songs
as they slowly cantered towards us. Drop-
ping on one knee, I covered the man riding
in advance of the line whose elaborate head-
dress marked him as the bearer of the pipe
on this expedition. I sent a ball through
his chest most neatly, and as his spirit fled
tn the land of many lodges his followers
came to a confused halt. I fired again,

this time knocking a man half round in
his saddle but not dismounting him. In-
stantly the survivors scurried back. As
I was reloading Flat Mouth came through
the bushes and motioned for me to follow
him. I hesitated to leave the girl, but she
urged:

  “Go! They’ve learned their lesson.
They’ll keep back.”

  Flat Mouth hurried diagonally across
the timber and emerged on the lower
edge near the river. Drawing me down
beside him, he pointed to the east bank
and grunted—

  “Sioux!”

  “I heard their signal,” I informed him.
“They came down the river on the other
side. When it gets very dark they will
bring their horses over. They heard your
gun and they don’t want to try it just now.”
“When they cross we can not break
through,” I said.

  “We will all be killed if we stay in the
woods. You must stop them from crossing
their horses for a little while. The Sioux
on this side feel sure of a coup. They will
not fight till their friends join them. Stay
here till it gets too dark to shoot. I will
take Medicine Hair and the horses to the
end of the timber. When they attack on
both sides we must ride after the sun.”
“West?”

  “It leads from home but it is the nearest
way there. We can strike* the Cheyenne
near the Lac du Diable country. There
are many good hiding places there.”

  The bushes across the river swayed and
a painted face showed through the dusk
as one of the newcomers stood up to signal
the horsemen on our side. Knowing I
could not begin too soon to teach them
their place, I rested the gun on Flat
Mouth’s shoulder, aimed a bit high and
had the satisfaction of seeing the brave go
sprawling down the bank, his head and
shoulders remaining under water. This
kill wrung a chorus of devilish yells from the
hidden warriors. Flat Mouth hurled his
war-cry at them and danced in great glee.

  I reloaded and urged the Pillager to
return to the girl and prepare her for making
the tip of the grove. Reluctantly he left
me, swinging to the north to take a final
look at the horsemen there, and I settled
down to waiting.

  Objects began to fade out of my vision.
Trees near by became blurred and unreal.
98

Adventure

I knew our supreme effort could not be long
delayed. The surface of the water became
a black waste, and I thought I heard a faint
splash opposite my position. Now voices
began calhng loudly farther down the river.
The newcomers had gone to find a crossing.
I could see no reason why I should not put
after the chief and the girl; then the .soft
splashing was repeated, this time nearer.

  Quitting the bushes, I crawled through
the mud to the edge of the bank and heard
a rippling sound that was not made by the
lap-lap of the water on the narrow beach.
Suddenly a vague shape stood before me,
within twenty feel, and I fired. He did
not have time to utter his death cry before
slumping back into the current. Trailing
my gun, I ducked into the woods and fol-
lowed up the rivulet.

  The Pillager and Miss Dearness were
about half-way to the end of the timber
when I overtook them. It seems she had
refused to go further until I joined them.

  “Take her and go on,” viciously directed
Flat Mouth, thrusting the bridles of the
three horses into my hands.

  “No time for you to count a coup,”
I warned as he turned back.

  “Very soon I shall be at your heels,” he
promised.

  Our progress was slow because of the
difficulty in avoiding the frequent clumps
of willows. From the plain on the north
came the sound of much singing. From
the south the Indians were racing their
horses impudently near the woods and
yelling derisively. I gave the girl the
bridles to hold while I recharged my gun.
We had nearly reached the end of our cover,
and the underbrush was thinning out, when
the girl caught my hand and whispered—

  “They’re trying to burn us out!”

  I sniffed and detected smoke, a thin reek
of burning grass. I wet my finger and
tested the faint breeze. It still held from
the south. Creeping to the edge of the
plain I could make out moving shapes as
the Indians rode up and down the front
of the timber. But there were no fires
burning on this side, and a blaze lighted
on the north would sweep away from
us.

  Returning to Miss Dearness, I reassured
her.

  “Then there is only one other explana-
tion,” she said. “Flat Mouth has set the
grass afire on the north side of us.”

  “It will bum to the Turtle, perhaps to
the Park.”

  “Some one is coming!” she warned, and
again her hand instinctively closed over
mine.

  I cocked the gun and rested it over a
saddle, not bothering to release my hand.

  “It is Eshkebugecoshe,” softly called a
voice.

  The girl dropped my hand hurriedly.
Without pausing, Flat Mouth took charge
of the horses and pressed ahead while I
guarded the rear. Now the smoke was
very noticeable and our animals showed a
tendency to bolt.

  “You fired the grass?” I whispered.

  “In many places,” he grunted. “The
Sioux are spreading out and watching for
us to ride through under cover of the smoke.
The warriors on the other side will think
we’re escaping and will ride into the woods.”
We were at the end of the timber, and
the girl mounted her pony and adjusted
her white robe.

  Dead ahead. sounded the pounding of
hoofs and an Indian screamed something.
Flat Mouth interpreted:

  “He says for the men to ride through the
woods, some to go to the river, some to
come up here, some to follow the fire and
see if we are there, some to keep in front
of it. Wait for me here and do not fire the
gun unless you have to.”

  Before we could restrain him he was
galloping toward the messenger, his white
robe making him resemble a Sioux warrior
whose skins were white with clay. I heard
him salute the Sioux in that tongue. The
other asked something in a sharp, insistent
voice. The next moment there was the
blurr of a struggle, then the clump of a
falling body. A horseman was riding
toward me. I cocked my piece, but Flat
Mouth softly commanded:

  “Hurry! Hurry!”

  Then he took the girl’s pony by the halter
and led the way out into the plain.

CHAPTER VIH

WE MEET BLACK CAT’S PEOPLE

ON OUR left the warriors were entering
the woods. On our right they were
riding their ponies through the fire to find
us behind the smoke. Had it been Autumn
there would have been no passing the
Gentlemen of the North

99

flames, but with the short stubble sprinkled
with the new grass trying to gain the sun,
and with the ground still wet, there was no
danger. The smoke, the night and the
shouting brought much confusion to the
enemy. Away from it all we rode, the girl
and the Pillager in advance, and I scamper-
ing behind with my two barrels ready.

  Our escape must have been quickly dis-
covered, as we had not traveled more than
two miles before we heard shouting to-the
north and abreast of us. We slowed our
animals to a walk, our course tending a bit
south of west and which, if persisted in,
would bring us to the Cheyenne River.
The Sioux knew we were somewhere south
of them and were concentrating all their
efforts in throwing a barrier across the
plains to prevent our turning north towards
the Pembina.

  I rode up beside the girl. She reached
out, patted my arm and said—

  “I’ve made you a lot of bother.”

  “Life out here is made up of bothers.
I’m glad to find one that’s worth while.”
“You say it very nicely,” she approved.
“But I won’t be a bother to any one again
if I can get out of this. So long as I could
manage without being helped it was my
place to stay. Now that I find I have to
shift my responsibilities I am anxious to go
back east. I never had believed it, but I
do now; a woman is sure to need help
sometime.”

  “She wouldn’t be a woman if she didn’t,”
I declared. “Even men expect to help
each other in this country.”

  “He doesn’t have to ask another to see
to it he isn't taken prisoner,” she gravely
replied. “I had no right to ask you. An-
other example of dodging responsibilities.”
“God forbid it should ever have to be!”
“But you wouldn’t let them take me
alive?” she fiercely demanded.

  “No man would,” I answered.

  Again she patted my arm and mur-
mured—

  “If we had met back East we might have
been such friends.”

  The wind whipped a strand of her hair
across my face, and in that moment she
was all feminine—dependent, and her pres-
ence became a tonic. I was saved from
replying to her last speech—a foolish speech,
as there was nothing to prevent our being
“such friends” out here—by a warning hiss
from the Pillager.

  He leaped to the ground and ordered us
to do likewise. I helped the girl to dis-
mount, and the chief caught her pony by
the nose to keep him from giving an alarm,
while I muzzled my own beast and waited.
A thudding of hoofs, not more than four
men, as the Pillager whispered, drew
nearer. They were bearing directly down
on us, and I was anxious to release my
animal and make ready to fire. Flat
Mouth warned:

  “Be still! See that the horse doesn’t
call out. They can’t see us.”

  I knew this must be true, as we could
see nothing of them. On they came and
raced by in front of us and very close—
a suggestion of motion as if something had
disturbed the darkness and left a swirl
of darkness behind it. These were spies
sent out to learn our true position. Above
us on the right the enemy kept calling back
and forth as they patrolled from east to
west. Still on foot, we resumed our flight,
the chief picking his course without any
hesitation. I suggested the necessity of a
turning movement before daylight, but he
discouraged it, saying:

  “We must keep this way till light. Then
we must hide. This is a big war-party.
It will be ashamed to go back and face the
women without scalps to pay for the braves
we have killed. These are the Sioux of
the plains, very cruel and fierce. Once
they held the country along the lower Red
River. They are always at war with the
Chippewas.”

  “For just where are we striking?”

  “The bend of the Cheyenne. It is very
rough and heavily wooded along the river.
The Sioux claim the country. We can
hide there a few days and then go home.”
From what he said I judged the distance
to be covered was about forty miles. I
know that we rode and walked all night
long with the Sioux hovering to the north
of us during much of the journey. When
the east began lighting its fires, and we were
permitted to see the plain around us, I was
delighted by two discoveries; the plain
was empty of Indians, and a short distance
ahead a thick growth marked the course
of the Cheyenne where it made its northern
loop.

  The girl swayed in her saddle, and I rode
closer to her.

  “I was asleep,” she drowsily murmured,
leaning against my arm. “Dreamed the
100

Adventure

Indians had captured me, that you came.”

  Again her head dropped, and it was a
long time before I learned of the heroics I
played in that particular dream.

  Flat Mouth led the way into the growth,
going ahead to make sure no grizzlies were
waiting to pounce upon our horses. After
securely hobbling the animals so they
could not escape, he disappeared in the
direction of the river which flowed unseen
near-by. I spread out the skin and three
of the robes and induced the girl to lie down.
Then I placed the remaining robes over her
to keep out the morning chill and promised
to call her for breakfast.

  .Searching the edge of the growth, I col-
lected an armful of dry sticks which I knew
would not smoke, and by the time I had
done this Flat Mouth appeared with several
wild geese. He attended to the cooking,
making a fire so small as to seem ridiculous
to a white man. As he broiled the fowl he
told me the trees were ripped and seamed
by bears’ claws and that both banks of the
river must be teeming with the animals.
I had nothing but contempt for the black
and brown varieties, knowing them to be
harmless, but the grizzly was a different
proposition. Flat Mouth insisted, how-
ever, that these seldom attacked unless
cornered or wounded.

  The girl woke up, and, after she had
eaten, the chief and I stuffed ourselves.
Then he insisted that we try to get some
sleep. The sun was half-way through its
day’s work when I opened my eyes. The
girl was seated with her back to a tree,
her hair a marvel of neatness. She had
thrown a robe over me, and this little act,
so meaningless to those never initiated into
the wilds, affected me strangely. It was
the first time in many years that any one
had taken thought for my comfort; cer-
tainly the first wherein a woman had given
me any attention since I was a child in the
States and under my mother’s care. My
first sensation was that of being “moth-
ered.” I liked it. All men do, let them
disclaim to the contrary as they will.

  I half closed my eyes and for several
minutes pretended to be asleep, that I might
watch her. Her blue eyes were serene;
her fine features were softened by repose.
Here, in a position of great danger, she
impressed me as revealing her true self,
her genuine womanliness. At the X. Y.
post, where no physical harm could intrude,

she had been cold, hard and unapproach-
able.

  At last she caught me spying and colored
furiously, instinctively feeling of her hair.

  “Where is the chief?” I innocently asked.

  She pointed, and I arose and beheld him
sleeping, lying on his face. When I stepped
toward him he came to his senses and
sprang to his feet like a wildcat. Our
voices had not disturbed him but my step
had. Subconsciously, perhaps, he had cata-
logued our voices, but a stealthy step was
not so easily classified. He always insisted a
person woke up more easily and more com-
pletely—woke up all over as he expressed
it—if he slept on his face. The girl insisted
that he finish out his nap, but he replied he
was “filled” with sleep and would need no
more till another day.

  The girl said that during our slumbers
there had been no signs of life on the plain
except the buffalo and their lurking escort
of gray wolves. She had heard sounds
back in the woods, and once a red deer
had poked his head through the bushes to
look us over.

  I went with Flat'Mouth to the river,
where he fashioned several drinking-dishes
out of bark, and while there we saw seven
grizzlies descend the opposite shore to
drink. They were huge brutes and more
to be feared than the Sioux, should they
take a notion to attack. The Pillager ob-
served them unconcernedly, however, as-
suring me that they would not bother us
if we did not trouble them.

  The river, he reminded, was seldom
visited by Assiniboin, Cree or Chippewa
because die Sioux claimed it. From fear
of attacks from the northern Indians, the
Sioux, in turn, seldom came there except
in war strength. So all animal life had
been left to develop undisturbed by man.
The bears had not been hunted and did
not know man as a destroyer. This was
all very comforting as long as I could believe
it, but the thought of the girl back in the
little glade alone, with these monsters
wandering about in batches of seven,
made me anxious to return.

  We took water to her and on the way
started up red deer which were nowhere
near as shy as those on the Red River.
Leaving her again, we visited the horses
and found them contentedly grazing inside
the fringe of bushes and willows. Leaving
the chief with them, I rejoined the girl.
Gentlemen of the North

IOI

“MUST we wait until night before
starting home?” she eagerly asked.
“I believe that is the chief’s idea.
He knows the country and the Indians far
better than we do. We must take no
foolish risks.”

  “If you were alone would you start now?”
she asked.

In truth I should have, but I said nothing.
“Then pretend I’m a man. Let’s go at
once,” she cried with a show of impatience,
and she stood and began gathering up the
robes.

  My imagination was incapable of detect-
ing anything masculine in her splendid
womanhood. I could not suppress a small
smile at her suggestion. Instantly she
was the woman of the X. Y. post and was
commanding:

  “Call the Indian! Tell him we start at
once.”

  Flat Mouth appeared on the scene before
I could remonstrate with her. In Chip-
pewa she repeated to him her intention of
starting for the Red River. He shook his
head, saying—

   “We must stay here a little longer.”

  “You two can stay. I will go alone.
The country is perfectly safe. The Sioux
have lost the trail entirely.”

  I have no doubt she would have taken a
pony and set forth if I had not stopped her,
saying:

  “You can’t go alone. We’ll take orders
from the Pillager.”

  “I’ll take orders from no one,” she
haughtily informed. “I suppose I may
have one of the horses, seeing that they
belonged to the Sioux?”

  “No.”

  “Very well, I can make it afoot,” she
calmly said.

  “What’s the matter with you?” I angrily
inquired. “Can’t you reason? Or is it
your temper?” ‘

I thought she was trying to annihilate
me with her furious gaze. By an effort
she mastered herself and quietly retorted:
“My temper is nothing to you. We’re
thrown together by a series of mishaps. I
appreciate your coming to find me, but if
your coming makes you feel any responsi-
bility for my acts I’m sorry you came.”
“The Lord forbid I should ever have to
be responsible for such a bundle of spite
as you seem to be,” I peevishly protested.
She smiled with her lips, turned and

walked towards the plain. I caught up
with her and demanded—

  “What do you plan?”

   “I’m on my way to the X. Y. post,” she
lazily informed.

   “Unless you return to cover at once the
Pillager and I will tie you.”

   ‘.‘You would never dare!” she gritted,
turning on me like a cat.

   All my silly resentment dropped from me,
and I gently explained:

  “Miss Dearness I should never dare to
look a man, red or white, in the face if
I allowed you to start alone for the Red.

I won’t threaten again to tie you, but if you
start for the Red I’ll go with you. It’s
hardly fair to let the Pillager go with us
as he is of a different race.”

   She fought the battle with herself, her
red hair being a true gage of her temper.
Suddenly she surrendered, murmuring:

  “I was wrong. We’ll go back to the
chief.”

• “You’re tired. Your nerves are out of
tune. In a few hours it will be night; then
we can go.”

  “It isn’t my nerves,” she contritely
corrected. “It’s just temper.”

  “My temper is off the key. Of course
I spoke foolishly when I said I would tie,-
you.”

 “I’ll obey orders.”	_ ^

  Flat Mouth had watched us without
a lineament of his strong face betraying
that he could either see or hear. When
we joined him he gave her a quick look and
walked towards the horses. She remained
silent, not inclined to talk. I waited some
minutes to see if she desired companionship,
then went after the Pillager.

  The chief was crouching behind some
cherry trees and had, I observed, shifted
the horses deeper into the growth. He was
staring intently out on the plain. He
motioned for me to drop beside him. My
heart gave a thump, for I had been so
positive we had shaken the Sioux off our trail
that this hint of their presence weakened
me for a moment.

   “Assiniboins,” he said.

  “Where?” I demanded. He pointed to
the northern rim- and by much staring
through half-closed lids I managed to make
out some dots.

   “Buffaloes,” I decided.

   “Assiniboins,” he repeated.

  “Then they’re friendly. They won’t
102

Adventure

do anything worse than try to steal our
horses.”

  “They've killed traders when catching
them alone. These are not of the same
band that comes to the Pembina.”

  “All the Assiniboins are good robe-
makers. They’re all friendly with the
whites,” I persisted.

  “These are not any Red River band. If
they see us they will do their best to kill
us and take our horses. I am an Indian.
I tell you I know this.”

  As a trader I had had experience only
with straggling bands of the tribe. It was
hard for me to believe that I had anything
to fear from a people who begged rum
rations from me and who went and came
when I gave the word. My incredulity must
have been obvious, for the chief hissed out—
“Do you think Eshkebugecoshe is afraid?”
No, he was not afraid. He had lived
with Mandans and had fought with them
and their allies, the Crows, against these
same Assiniboins and the Sioux. The
tribe had taken to horses, being a migratory
people and forever chasing the buffalo,
and horses they must have. That they
would appropriate ours if they got the
chance went without saying, but I had sup-
posed the theft would be committed with
stealth and in no event be accompanied
with violence.

  “Say what is to be done and we will do it,”
I agreed.

  “We will wait until they go. If they
come down here we will follow up the
river,” he replied. Then very significantly—
“They must not see the white woman.”
“She was big medicine to them once,”
I reminded.

  “To those who came to the Pembina.
But the Voice is back on the River That
Calls, and this band would kill her to
prevent it being stolen again.”

  I remembered what the girl had told me,
much to the same effect, and if Flat Mouth
was not afraid, I was.

  Yet I still hoped and half believed the
dark objects were buffaloes. At so great
a distance it is impossible to detect any
but the most rapid motion. A horse
galloping at full speed will scarcely appear
to be moving. So far as the dots were
concerned, they appeared to be stationary.
We rose to go back to the camp, and I was
debating whether it was necessary to in-
form Miss Dearness of this possible new

peril, when the Pillager gave a sharp yelp
and went bounding through the bush as if
the devil were nipping his heels. Believing
the girl was in some danger, I charged after
him. When I entered the glade he was
furiously stamping out a little fire. Miss
Dearness stood at one side anxiously
watching him.

  “What have I done now?” she whispered
to me.

  “Nothing,” I warmly assured, scowling
at the Pillager.

  “Green bark!” he grunted and, tilting
his head, he pointed upward. Even with
the fire extinguished there was a pale haze
floating clear of the tree tops.

   I belittled it, saying—

  “An eagle couldn’t see that, Eshke-
bugecoshe.”

  “They have sacrificed dogs to their
manito, Their medicine is strong,” he
gloomily retorted.

  “What’s the matter, Mr. Franklin? Are
the Sioux near?” cried Miss Dearness.

  “Not a Sioux in sight. The Pillager and
I disagree about some dots out on the plain.
He says they’re Assiniboins. I say they
are buffaloes.”

  “And he fears they saw the smoke,”
she cried, wringing her hands. “Now I’ve
brought new danger on you two by my
thoughtlessness. It was so dreary waiting.
I forgot myself. I threw some green bark
on the hot ashes to see it curl up—it burst
into flame—then I fed on some green sticks
—I bring bad luck.”

  “Nonsense,” I sharply replied. “Is it
surprizing that a band of thieving Indians
should stumble upon us here? They will
stand dear of my gun. It’s stood off their
betters.”

  I turned to Flat Mouth and boasted the
same to him.

   He shook his head energetically:

   “It’s no medicine to the Assiniboins, the
Crees or the Chippewas. They have seen
it and its two barrels, and the truth has
gone through the three tribes. They are
two shots afraid; that is all. Soon the
Sioux of the plains will know about it.
Then it won’t be medicine to them.”

HE RAN back to watch the dots,
and Miss Dearness and I followed
him. Now they were no longer
dots but mounted men. They had drawn
near enough for us to be sure of this, and
Gentlemen of the North

103

yet they strangely resembled' buffaloes. . It
was not until a line of them raced parallel
to our hiding place that I discovered the
cause for my fancy. Each warrior wore
on his head a covering of buffalo hide to
which were fixed two horns. In some cases
tliis strange head-gear comprised the whole
head of the creature, the skull bones having
been carefully removed, and the skin worn
as a hood.

  They seemed to be racing about aim-
lessly, and I rejoiced to the Pillager—

  “They didn’t see the smoke.”

  “It was such a tiny smoke they couldn’t,”
added Miss Dearness.

  The Pillager’s answer was a silent drama.
Without a word he reached over his shoulder
and pulled arrows from his quiver. With-
out removing his gaze from the swiftly
maneuvering horsemen he placed the ar-
rows before him in a row, then caught up
his bow and drew the cord taut. Miss
Dearness glanced at me with a little frown
worrying her forehead.

  “They think we’re here?” I asked Flat
Mouth.

  “They know it,” he tersely responded.

  To my way of thinking the horsemen
were not acting suspiciously. One of them,
the leader, whirled a disk of rawhide from
the point of his lance and the riders raced
to where it fell, jabbing and spearing until
one managed to pick it up. He, in turn,
carried it triumphantly aloft until hard
pressed, when he sent it sailing from him,
and again the mad scramble to obtain it.

  I doubted the Pillager’s bald assertion
until I noted that the rawhide was always
being sent in our direction. Each rush
brought the band closer. Now the chief
had the piece of hide and his men were
strung out behind him in undulating loops
like the letter S greatly prolonged. My
eyes were distracted by the constantly
shifting loops. Yet the leader, with each
maneuver, brought them nearer to the
woods.

  “They’re coming!” I softly warned as the
first loop suddenly swung far forward so as
to line up fully thirty warriors riding
abreast with their chief on their left.

  “Fire the gun and get back to the
horses!” ordered Flat Mouth, snatching up
an arrow.

  With a terrific shout the whole band
came toward us. I fired both barrels into
the front rank, and a miss was impossible.

Flat Mouth’s bow began to twang, and his
arrows streamed into the center of the
assault.

  “Get to the horses!” he cried and then
raised a war-cry.

  It was not the Pillager’s yell, but the cry
of the Sioux, and faster and faster flew
the arrows. I seized the girl’s wrist and
urged her to the camp. I had barely
slipped the hobbles and gathered up the
halter ropes when Flat Mouth came
gliding to us, his face exalted with the lust
of battle against great odds. Without a
word he took his horse and began leading
the way along a deer-path that led up-
stream. The girl rode behind him, and I,
on foot, brought up the rear.

  I managed to reload one barrel and, as
nothing happened, I halted and charged
the other. The way was rough and at
every rod we read the signs of much game.
Little piles of hair at the foot of trees whose
bark was worn smooth showed 'that the
buffaloes penetrated the thickets in con-
siderable numbers. Signs of bears were
the most plentiful, however. It was a
pelt-hunter’s paradise if he could gather the
toll without losing his scalp.

  After an hour of continuous travel the
Pillager halted and briefly explained:

  “They didn’t dare to enter the woods
at first, thinking the Sioux were there.
My Sioux war-cry and the Sioux arrows
fooled them. They’ll soon find out their
mistake. Their men are creeping in now;
soon they’ll see where only two men and a
woman camped. Soon they will come
fast.”

  “What shall we do now?” asked Miss
Dearness.

  “Cross the river and strike for the
Mandan villages on the Missouri,” was the
astounding answer.

  I gasped aloud in dismay. Leave the
post with only foolish Probos on duty,
with old Tabashaw having free rein to in-
timidate, to bully, and to consume the
company’s rum! Run to the Missouri to
escape while home was so near?

  “It must be so,” growled the chief,
guessing my reluctance. “Only in that
way can we save the white woman.”

  “To the Mandan villages it is, then,”
I agreed.

  “I’m willing to risk turning back,” spoke
up Miss Dearness.

  “Eshkebugecoshe is not willing,” grimly
104

Adventure

retorted the chief. “I killed some of them,
and the gun killed some. When they see
how they were tricked only one torture will
satisfy them. Wait while I look at the
river.”

  He glided down the rough and heavily
timbered bank. While he was gone I
strained my eyes, seeing an enemy in every
bush and stump. At last he returned and,
without speaking, led his pony down the
slope. I estimated our position to be
directly south of the Lac du Diable country
and I knew, from talks with the post
Indians, that the river woods we were now
traversing thinned out into scattering
willows a few miles farther west.

 The river was once occupied by the
Cheyennes who served as a barrier between
the Sioux and the Chippewas, being neutral
to both. More than half a century before,
the Chippewas, a very jealous people by
nature, got the idea the neutrals were
favoring the Sioux in trade. While return-
ing from an unsuccessful expedition, a war-
party of Chippewas fell on a Cheyenne
village and killed many. The Cheyennes
promptly migrated across the Missouri, and
since then the red shadow of the Sioux has
hung over the Chippewas, with no neutral
nation between to minimize the shock of an
attack.

  The crossing was not difficult and we
made it easily and surmounted the opposite
bank, but lefL a trail a bull buffalo could
read. Flat Mouth held up his hand for
silence and cocked his ear. 1 heard nothing
beyond the usual noise of wood life.

  “They’re following our trail,” he warned.
“If we stick to the woods they will overtake
us. Our only chance is to take to the
open now and ride for it. Our horses are
fresh, theirs are tired. Once on the plain,
we can leave them.”

  “But they’ll chase us?” asked the girl.

  He nodded and, to cheer her up, added:

  “We shall find some Mandans, or some
of the Big Bellies (Minnetarees) hunting
buffalo. They will help us.”

  We broke through the timber and started
for the southwest at a gallop. We had
gone not more than a fourth of a mile when
a ringing cry sounded behind us. Glancing
back, I beheld a warrior dancing and waving
his arms at the edge of the timber. We
had not advanced more than half a mile
before nearly a hundred horsemen emerged
from the woods.

  Flat Mouth was worried, for well he knew
that it would take more than an ordinary
hunting party to stand off such a force.
At the start the chances favored us, as our
animals were well rested, whereas the
enemy’s had been ridden far and fast.
There was no question as to our maintain-
ing a safe lead,providing none of our animals
met with an accident. Realizing this my
eyes became focused on the flying feet
of Miss Dearness’ mount. At every stride
I expected to see a hoof stick into a hole
and hurl her to the ground, leaving one of
our mounts to carry double. I glanced
back once more and beheld even more
warriors quitting the woods.

  Flat Mouth grimly explained:

  “Big war-party going to fight the
Mandans. We shall have them all the
way.”

  He insisted it was the medicine of the
girl’s hair that permitted us to drop them
before night came. I felt a great uplift
when, with the last light, I failed to make
out their figures against the northern
sky-line. The chief quietly assured me
they would be on our trail in the morning.

  We camped that night in the bed of a dry
coulee. The chief managed to kill a buffalo
calf with his bow and arrow, and we ven-
tured to build a small fire, fencing it about
with our white robes. Over this we
broiled some excellent steaks and cooked
enough to carry with us on the morrow.
At daybreak we were up, and beheld figures
creeping over the horizon.

  The country grew rougher with each
hour, and we lost the Assiniboins only
when we dropped into the hollows. On
surmounting ridge or hillock we raised them
to view again, tenaciously sticking to our
track. Flat Mouth had eyes only for
what was ahead, seeking for some oppor-
tunity of shaking the enemy off. I was
always staring behind me, fascinated by the
implacable purpose that held the savages
to the chase. The girl rode with head
bowed, seldom bothering to lift her gaze
from the ground. Her fear was an accident
to her pony.

  We began to encounter coulees filled with
water, each a sign-post for the Couteau du
Missouri, the rough and hilly country we
must cross before descending to the Mis-
souri River. The Pillager believed the
Assiniboins would not venture beyond this
height of land. Yet they were in such
Gentlemen of the North

105

strong force they might recklessly risk an
encounter with Mandan or Minnetaree.

AHEAD were the steep red banks
of the Missouri. At our feet were
two cows freshly slain. Flat Mouth
inspected them, and for the first time since
our flight from the Cheyenne his immobile
features showed animation.

  “The brains have been taken to dress
hides. Hunters did it, not a war-party
after meat. Only Mandans hunt here.”

  The Assiniboins had been lost to sight
for a day. In their place we were dreading
a Sioux war-party, for the Sioux hung
closely about the Mandan villages, seeking
to pick off a victim or two. To the north
of the villages was a stretch of timber,
and in this cover small bands of the Sioux
would hide and wait for days, being satisfied
if they killed a lone hunter or a woman.
We had passed through the rough country
of the Couteau and had an excellent view
of the river in the southeast. Flat Mouth
insisted we were too far down-stream and
said we must cross a high and precipitous
bank on our right. To me it seemed a
needless exertion, as we could round the
end of the ridge by skirting its base until
it broke off at the river, but the chief felt
the menace of the Sioux and must have
his way. I did not believe the horses
could make the ridge, for the soil was
glutinous mud from the spring rains.

  The Pillager dismounted to demonstrate
what an Indian pony could do and with
the beast scrambling like a cat he led the
way up the slope. Miss Dearness made
light of it, although she was forced to
climb it afoot. On reaching the top we
had a more intimate view of the river.
The valley was some two miles in width
and caged in by steep banks. The current
was sluggish and swollen, dotted with much
driftwood and many black dots which
I knew to be drowned buffalo. Imme-
diately below us was a growth of big cotton-
woods, and from our position to these
woods ran a well-beaten path.

  For the first time since our race began,
I presumed to take the lead, but before
I could do more than press ahead to the
brow of the ridge, Flat Mouth was halting
me and explaining that the way was full
of dangers and that he must go first. I
placed my gun across my saddle, but the
danger was not animate and consisted

of certain deep holes, or pits the Indians
had dug for trapping fox and wolves.
These pits were ten or more feet deep, with
the openings masked by the dead grass.

  We descended slowly and cautiously,
skirting several of these menaces, and
I know I should have plunged into the
first one, had I had my way. At the foot of
the ridge the Pillager reined in and warned:

  “We must say we have come from Fort
Assiniboin, that the Medicine Hair is the
daughter of the big white chief there and
that we work for him. The big white chief
wishes to open a post here and sends his
daughter because her medicine lets her see
things we men can not see. He has told
us to stay but a few days and to ask for
warriors to go back with us as far as the
Mouse. The Mandans must not know
we were driven here by the Assiniboins.
They would think the white woman’s
medicine was weak and that her father
was a little chief if they knew the Assini-
boins had made us run.”

  “Why can’t we start back as soon as we
get fresh horses?” I anxiously asked, my
mind reverting to the incompetent Probos
in charge of the post and to old Tabashaw
bullying him for rum.

  “And why must we travel by the way
of the Mouse?” demanded Miss Dearness,
referring to the long route to the confluence
of the Mouse and the Qu’Appelle, thence
down the Assiniboin to the Forks, where
we would turn south up the Red.

  “We must stay and look about, as if look-
ing for a good place for a post,” Flat Mouth
patiently explained. Then to the girl—
“We must come from Fort Assiniboin to
show why we are here. We must go back
the same way to make our talk sound
straight. Even if we could pick our trail
we must return by way of the Mouse and
the Assiniboin. It is the regular path and
safer.”

  I told Miss Dearness the chief was right
and that a few days wouldn’t make much
difference, that we ought to be thankful
at having escaped the Sioux and the
Assiniboins—this to cheer her up.

  “Oh, we will go through with it,” she
wearily replied. “I was thinking of you
and your affairs more than of mine. I
have no trade to lose. Angus can watch
the post till I get back or my successor
arrives.”

  With our story understood we started
io6

Adventure

ahead, taking the semblance of a road
which had been much traveled but never
repaired. It was filled with mud and holes
and eloquently revealed the ravages of the
Spring freshet. We followed this into the
woods and continued through the growth
for two miles. It was most abominable
traveling. At last we were clear of it and
were come to a riot of beans, squash and
corn sprouts, but so mixed with grass that
I proclaimed it to be mighty poor garden-
ing. I was disappointed, as I had heard
much about the Mandans as agricultur-
ists. Flat Mouth explained, however, that
these budding growths were runaways
and represented only what the wind had
stolen and sown broadcast. The tribe’s
gardens were farther on.

  “Here is the village!” warned the girl.
She checked her mount and stared
wonderingly and, with a little shudder,
exclaimed:

  “It’s like a village of the dead. Where
are the Indians?”

  Flat Mouth twisted uneasily in his saddle
and whispered:

  “It is a village of the dead—a village they
left when I was here last. The gardens
would not grow. After so many years the
ground refuses to care for the seed; then
they move. When they left this place
they used it for their dead.”

  We pressed ahead a bit and came in full
view of the gruesome exhibit. The girl
quailed for a moment, then held up her
head and gazed about steadily. Every-
where were platforms some ten feet in
height, and on these were laid the dead.
The shrouds were of dressed leather, some
in very excellent condition and fit for trade;
but for the most part the coverings had
succumbed to the weather and had fallen
apart, allowing the bones to show. Some of
the platforms had fallen to the ground and
no attempt had been made to replace them
or their grim burdens. We quickened our
pace and soon were beyond the forbidding
spot.

  “Remember our talk!” warned the Pil-
lager, kicking his horse into a gallop and
riding ahead.

OFF at one side and at a distance
was an Indian with a gun. Around
him were women and children
working. These were the gardeners and
they were planting and hoeing under an

armed guard. This was' impressive proof
of their daily danger. Even at the very
outskirts of their villages they did not
dare to move about without a sentinel.
Just as the Red River of the North always
contained the menace of the Sioux, so did
the stretch of woods hold for Mandan and
Minnetaree a hidden danger.

  At the Pillager’s gesture the girl and I
halted while he rode to the man with the
gun. I saw the fellow nervously cock
his piece, then stand keenly at attention
while Flat Mouth, with both hands above
his head, talked to him. Suddenly the
gun was lowered, and the guard was
shaking hands warmly with our companion.

  “He recognizes him,” murmured the
girl.

  The two conversed for several minutes,
then came to us. Flat Mouth announced
it was all right, that we were to proceed
and find quarters at the village a short
distance ahead. The guard smiled broadly
and shook hands with me, but seemed to
stand in awe of Miss Dearness. Later I
learned the Pillager had filled him with
tales concerning the wonderful medicine
she possessed and her powers as a magician.
Then the guard looked at my pony and at
the chief’s and said something we could
not understand.

  “He asks where our presents are,”
translated the Pillager.

  He might well be puzzled, for beyond
the white robes snugly wrapped in my
blanket we had no possessions. No volun-
tary visitor to the villages would fail to
bring a pack-animal or two loaded with
gifts.

  Before I could scare up an answer the
girl was haughtily saying in Chippewa:

  “Tell him the big white chief does not
send gifts by his friends. He has slaves
to bring them. They will come later. He
will decide how much to send after he hears
how we have been treated.”

  Flat Mouth’s eyes twinkled as he listened,
but his bearing was stern and haughty as
he translated her words to the guard.

  The guard next informed us that an
H. B. man was living in the village across
the river, but was now on the headwaters
of the Missouri looking for trade in Spring
beaver.

  The man returned to his charge, and we
rode on. All I could think of on first
glimpsing the round domes of the Mandan
Gentlemen of the North

107

houses was of a colony of gigantic beavers.
These huts were very large, some being
ninety feet in diameter and so solidly
built that fifty men could lounge on their
tops at a time. The door of each was of
rawhide, stretched over willow, and was
nearly six feet square. A broad porch
led up to this. Near each porch was a
platform, a score of feet long, half as wide
and eight or nine feet high. On these
platforms they stored their corn to dry in
the Fall, also their meat, but now these
were being used for driftwood.

  Flat Mouth told us the village depended
entirely for their supply of fuel on what
the river brought down each Spring.
From my view of the swollen stream and
its innumerable trees I could see the toll
must be enormous. The reason why we
had not seen more Indians in traveling to
the village was because the able-bodied
were bus}- swimming in the icy current
and bringing the drift ashore, while their
people watched and encouraged them.
Besides the driftwood they brought drowned
buffalo ashore in large numbers, and these
were already giving off the stench of decay.
My Chippewas would salvage the dead
brutes when the ice went out, when the
meat was firm and fresh, but the Mandans
and the Minnetarees, the Pillager assured
me, preferred the tainted to the fresh.

  What men I saw on shore were stout and
strongly built and wore their hair trailing
at their heels and even sweeping the ground.
As they daubed this daily with red and
white earth the effect was grotesque. The
same cough which was troubling our In-
dians seemed to be common with them.

  As we entered the village we were dis-
covered and quickly surrounded. They
greeted us cordially, shaking hands and
seemingly much pleased at our coming.
Some recognized Flat Mouth and hailed
him as a friend. Then they commenced
asking where we had left our packs. As
he had explained to the armed guard, so now
did the Pillager explain to the tribe that
while we represented the greatest traders
of the North we had brought no goods with
us either for trade or for gifts. Their faces
fell.

  The chief continued to explain how our
errand was to investigate the chances of
trade. Of course he described Miss Dear-
ness as being a medicine-woman and the
daughter of the big white chief at the head

of the fort on the Assiniboin. It was
grimly amusing that I should pose as an
engage instead of bourgeois, that she, of
the opposition, should masquerade as my
superior.

  The interest Miss Dearness aroused was
accumulative, and it was plain she created
a tremendous impression. One young buck
standing close to her pony reached up a
hand to feel the texture of her fiery hair.
As quick as loup-cervier her hand rose,
and the handle of her leather whip landed
on his wrist, causing him to spring back
in dismay. I think it was the blazing fire
of her blue eyes, rather than any physical
hurt from the blow, that startled the fellow.

  Flat Mouth look occasion to warn that
the hair was medicine and that the white
woman had saved the young man’s life
by preventing his touching it. After that
incident the circle widened. In turn the
Indians informed us that the Sioux had
been very troublesome ever since the snow
melted, and that since Le Borgne (The
Blind), the great war chief of the Minne-
tarees on the Knife a few miles above, had
gone out with a hunting party, the Mandans
had kept their huts barricaded every night.
On his return an alliance was to be formed
with the Cheyennes and aggressive mea-
sures taken to teach the enemy a lasting
lesson.

  Flat Mouth to further increase our
prestige and make them forget we came
without gifts, now stated that the good-will
of the white woman was worth a war-party
and that her anger was equal to a blast of
lightning.

  Firmly believing as he did that the girl
possessed powers of magic, he did not hesi-
tate to draw a long bow, and I was fearing
that she might be requested to bolster up
her reputation by some little display, when
a newcomer distracted the attention. This
was none less than Poscopsahe, or Black
Cat, the chief of the village. We were
presented to him and he was duly im-
pressed by the girl and assured her that
the big white chief would do well to send
traders there and to the Minnetaree vil-
lages above, but especially to his village
of the Mandans. This jealousy, when it
came to acquiring the white man’s goods
in trade, was very keen among the villages,
although they would unite readily and
solidly enough in opposing their ancient
enemies.
io8

Adventure

  Through the Pillager, the girl calmly
replied that she had heard the Mandans
had a good trade in robes and buffalo
tongues and a fair trade in beaver; that
she would look the villages over for a day
or so and then report back to Fort Assini-
boin.

  With these ceremonies out of the way we
were shown to a hut reserved for visitors.

I took my pack of white robes inside
and turned the horses over to a young man.
One of the chief’s wives followed us to the
hut with a huge dish of boiled corn and
beans, a tasteless mess, and another of
dried meat. The latter was impossible
jecause of the Mandans’ preference for
tainted to fresh meat, so on the whole we
■nade a sorry meal of it.

- Despite our explanation that we had no
goods to trade, nor gifts to bestow, the men,
women and children crowded about our
hut, eager for us to open our packs. The
fact that they had seen all our possessions,
namely my bundle of robes, did not spoil
their imagination. White people always
had gifts, always wanted to trade. They
believed that in some mysterious manner
we would produce articles of the white
man’s making which they were so eager to
secure. •> It was with the greatest difficulty
that Flat Mouth persuaded them to believe
we had nothing to trade, and their attitude
was sullen when they finally withdrew.

  After' they left us in peace the Pillager
advised that we take up different quarters,
urging that by doing so we would create a
better impression. So we decided that
Miss Dearness should remain in the guest
hut with the chief’s wife as attendant,
while the Pillager and I found shelter else-
where. Leaving her with the Indian
woman, we went out to look the village
over. The Mandans, being a settled people,
had no need for dogs, so this nuisance was
not in evidence. The children, too, were
quite decently mannered, although they
would have stolen the clothes off my back
had I given them a chance. The population
of this and the village across the river was
about two thousand, Flat Mouth said. I
suggested we cross over and visit the second
village. Flat Mouth called out to some
young men, and, on my giving them a few
inches of tobacco, they readily agreed to
set us across.

  Proceeding to the river, I had my first
sight of a bull-boat, as their curious skin

canoes are called. They were much differ-
ent from the skin canoes we used on the
Red River, being circular in shape and
formed of raw buffalo hides stretched over
a frame of willow. The craft had the
appearance of being very frail and not a
bit suitable for navigating the swollen and
muddy waters of the Missouri, yet each
was capable of carrying eight hundred
pounds or more.

  One man did the paddling, and his paddle
was a five-foot pole with a strip of board
lashed across the end. With his first stroke
the boat turned nearly around, but he
quickly reversed us with a stroke on the
other side. First one was looking up-stream
at the mass of floating trees and dead
buffalo, then down-stream. It made me
dizzy, yet our man was an expert, for we
drifted less than a quarter of a mile, whereas
the average boatman would have drifted a
full mile.

THE news of our arrival in the first
Mandan village had spread across
the river, and on landing we were
met by a crowd of natives, headed by Big
Man, a Cheyenne prisoner and now adopted
into the tribe—a man of prominence. He
shook us warmly by the hand and anxiously
asked why we had left all our packs in
Black Cat’s village. The tedious explana-
tion was given by Flat Mouth and the
interest of the assemblage flattened out,
and many turned away to resume the work
of towing trees and dead buffalo ashore.

  Through the Pillager I learned from Big
Man that the Minnetaree village was much
excited over the arrival of six Cheyennes
seeking a peace treaty. Messengers had
been sent for Le Borgne to bring him back
from the hunt. Black days were waiting
for the Sioux, once the treaty was per-
fected. We paraded the village, finding it
a duplicate of the one across the river. We
v*ere invited into several huts to eat, but
always found the meat abominable. On
the outskirts of the village women with
hoes made from buffalo shoulder-blades
were working in their gardens, with armed
men stationed at intervals. Their danger
was intimate, much like that which sur-
rounds some of the smaller wood-folk who
live under stumps, sporting and raising
their little families while death stalks them
day and night.

  The Pillager mumbled to me— i
Gentlemen of the North

109

  “We must go back now.”

  I had known him long enough to realize
that he was disturbed at something.
Thanking Big Man and telling him he
should have presents when our traders
arrived, we returned to the river and were
ferried across.

  “Something makes my brother sad,”
I remarked in Chippewa after we had
stepped ashore.

  “I was glad when I heard that the Blind
was away on a buffalo hunt. My heart is
heavy now, for they send to bring him home
to meet the Cheyennes.”

  “You believed we should find him here
before we arrived,” I reminded.

  “I knew and hoped for the best. When
we came and found him gone my heart
sang. I believed we should get away
before he returned. Now to find he will
come back, makes me sorry.”

  “The Blind does not like white men?”
“He likes white men,” was the laconic
response.

  “Then why feel sad to know he is coming
back?”

  “He likes women. He has never seen
such a woman as Medicine Hair. He is
a mighty war chief. His word is law in
both Minnetaree and Mandan villages.
When we fought the Sioux and the Assini-
boins I thought only of escaping to a place
where we would not be killed. I knew we
would not be harmed in these villages.
Now I have had time to think. What the
Blind wants he takes.”

  The danger must be pressing when an
Indian would be troubled over the fate
of a white woman. His words reduced
my complacency to ashes. I could only
say—

  “We must start before he comes back.”
“They will think our coming is a trick
if we go away too quickly,” he warned.
“I will talk with the Mandans and ask if
they have seen any signs of Assiniboins
or Sioux to the north. We must visit the
villages, but in one or two sleeps we might
start for the Mouse. Once we reach Fort
Assiniboin the Medicine Hair will be safe.”
“But Le Borgne would be very blind to
make the whites angry by taking one of
their women,” I protested.

  Flat Mouth smiled in grim pity at my
ignorance.

  “You do not know the Blind,” he mur-
mured. “He takes what he wants. No

chief is as powerful as he. When I was
here before, he took a woman from a
Mandan chief who went with his war-club
to bring her back. They buried his war-
club with him. He likes white men. He
will treat you better than his warriors,
but he doesn’t let anything stand between
him and the thing he wants.”

FROM the end of the village rose
the girl’s wonderful voice, singing
her quaint song, in which one heard
the rush of the river and the sighing of the
wind, a voice of sadness and pathos, yet
colored with a rare beauty. For the first
time I realized there were no Indians hang-
ing about us begging for tobacco and gifts.
We walked to the guest-hut and found the
entire village grouped about it. Black Cat
was seated on a robe, before the entrance,
smoking his Missouri tobacco—villainous
stuff—and wondering at the medicine of her
voice.

  “When she sings her medicine song I see
the leaves turn yellow and drop, and I feel
the first of the snow. I hear the ice break-
ing up and smell the first grass,” said Black
Cat as we stood beside him.

  “She calls the voices from rivers and
sends them back when she is tired of them,”
Flat Mouth boasted. “She is very strong
medicine. It is her hair. The Chippewas
are afraid of her.”

  “The Chippewas are old women,” snorted
Black Cat.

  Flat Mouth’s visage grew very wicked.
From inside the robe he was wearing
Mandan-fashion he pulled forth a grisly
string of Sioux scalps, shook them in Black
Cat’s face and hoarsely taunted:

  “I am a Chippewa. I do not hide in
a village when the Sioux of the Plains
come near. I go out and kill them. Have
the Mandans any old women who take
scalps like these?”

  It was a master-stroke for putting the
beggars in their proper place. The Cat
was unable to speak for a full minute. His
eyes glowed and gloated over the trophies.
He sprang to his feet and loudly proclaimed:
“My Chippewa brother is a very brave
man. I will adopt him as a son. He shall
have a new war name. He shall have
many wives. He shall carry the pipe for us
against our enemies.”

  I feared Flat Mouth would indulge in
more boasting and scornfully flout the
no

Adventure

chief’s offer, but his finesse was sharpened
because of the girl’s peril. He replied—
“After I have taken Medicine Hair back
ta her father.”

  This gave the Cat great pleasure. He
pictured himself basking in the glory of
his new son/ the recipient of homage, the
possessor of many scalps. He loudly an-
nounced he would give a feast for the
mighty Chippewa and forthwith directed
his wives to prepare an abundance of stink-
ing meat, corn and beans. The Indians
scattered in all directions to make ready
for the festival. Black Cat hurried off to
see his commands were obeyed, and, with a
glance at me, the Pillager walked beside
him.

  I remained before the hut. The door
swung open a crack, then wide open, and
Miss Dearness confronted me, her eyes
searching mine anxiously.

  “When can we start from this place?”
she whispered.

  “Very soon—in a few days.”

  “A few days!” she faintly exclaimed.
“Something tells me we must start at once.”
“The Pillager would say it is your medi-
cine,” I bantered.

  “It is instinct. It has never failed me
since I came to the Indian country. Let
us start tonight!”

  “But that would invite danger. We
must make a pretense of looking the villages
over for trade purposes,” I protested. “If
there is any vital, any immediate danger,
of course we will start at once and fight for
it. Now tell me just what has happened.”
“Nothing has happened,” she slowly re-
plied, her eyes staring into mine and yet
not beholding me. “But I’m afraid—I am
horribly afraid—different from anything
I ever felt in my life—I’m never afraid of
death.” With this she closed the door,
leaving me standing there gaping like a
zany.

CHAPTER IX

AT THE M1NNETAREE VILLAGE

EARLY next morning Flat Mouth and I
went to Miss Dearness’ hut and, on
her joining us at the porch, asked her to
make ready for a trip to the Minnetaree
villages a few miles above, situated on the
Knife River. To attempt leaving the
country without visiting these “Big Bel-
lies,” as the trade had named them, would

be to incur the wrath of Le Borgne and
throw discredit on our story of represent-
ing the N. W. Company and its plan to
set up an opposition to the already estab-
lished H. B. trader.

  The girl was afraid. Her bearing was
calm and collected enough, but there were
transient flashes in her big blue eyes, a
curious trick of glancing sidewise through
half closed lids, that bespoke a furtive fear.
However, she readily agreed we must visit
the upper villages to sustain our role. She
only insisted that we make all haste to have
it over with.

  As I was anxious to go and return before
Le Borgne came back, I directed Flat
Mouth to engage men to cross our horses,
promising them some handsome pipes when
the traders arrived with their assortment of
goods. The Mandans proved to be as
expert in handling the horses in the river
as they had been in collecting the driftwood.
Hitching a fine to a nag’s mouth, a brave
would take the end between his teeth and
swim ahead while others swam alongside
and behind the animal. In this way the
three were taken across quickly and drifted
down-stream scarcely at all.

  When we landed from the bull-boat and
mounted our horses, we were surrounded
by the entire village, every one being
anxious to gaze on the white woman with
the medicine hair. Miss Dearness would
have drawn her capote over her head but
the Pillager urged her not to, declaring that
the belief she was a magician would help
us much. So she rode between us with
her oriflamme of a head glinting in the early
sunlight and making me think of a maple
turned red by the first frosts.

  Flat Mouth improvised a legend which
he sung as we slowly made our way through
the crowd. It was to the effect that beams
of sunlight became imprisoned in the girl’s
hair when she was born, and that their
struggles to escape created the powerful
medicine she possessed.

  Big Man walked by my side and in-
formed me a hunting party of a hundred
braves was due to arrive home after a three
days’ trip and that, if we would postpone
our visit to the Minnetarees, we could
procure some fresh meat. I immediately
feared lest the Minnetaree chief, Le Borgne,
would be with this party, but Flat Mouth
explained that the Minnetarees hunted
to the southwest of the Knife and the
Gentlemen of the North

hi

Mandans to the southeast, the river being
the boundary. We needed fresh meat
badly, but the hunting party would greatly
delay our journey up the river, so we
pressed on more determinedly than ever.

  I assured Miss Dearness that we could
make the villages, ride through them and
start back for Black Cat’s village before
dark. On returning and recrossing the
river we could decide whether to start north
immediately, unaccompanied, or wait till
morning and endeavor to obtain an escort
from the Mandans. The girl was for an
immediate departure.

  I had planned to take my white robes
with me, thinking I might have a chance
to trade them for horses, they being about
the only thing the Minnetarees would ex-
change horses for. Flat Mouth, however,
insisted such a trade would consume all the
day, that the horses we had were fresh
enough, and that the hides had better be
left behind in the hut, where they would be
perfectly safe.

  So we rode forth. Miss Dearness’ peculiar
type of loveliness was greatly accented by
the appearance of the Mandan women,
who could not be called comely even by
Indian standards. I never could under-
stand why the Crows, the most lascivious
of all the Indians I ever met, should be the
most prepossessing in appearance, or why
the women of the Aricaras, the most
treacherous of any tribe I ever encountered,
should approach the nearest to the white
standard of good looks.

  Miss Dearness was not inclined to talk,
and we rode rapidly, as if eager to have done
with a disagreeable errand. The road we
followed was very decent and led us over
two hills and then for two miles across a
plain, skirting a small village which we did
not enter. The whole distance was through
an area of gardens which included much
ground given over to the cultivation of sun-
flowers. In every direction were horses
grazing on the early grass, and Flat Mouth’s
eyes glittered as became a true Pillager.
All these animals were brought into the
villages at night, revealing the Indians’
constant dread of their inveterate enemies,
the Sioux and the Assiniboins. The Ran-
dans kept their ponies in their huts while
the Minnetarees used small corrals.

  These villages on the Missouri and Knife
were distinct from any I ever became ac-
quainted with. They suggested per-

manency and a strong devotion to the
soil, especially the villages of the Mandans.
Our road along the south bank of the
Missouri to the Knife afforded almost
continuous glimpses of a bucolic life which
made me think of Canadian villages.

  All hunting was done in large bands,
Flat Mouth told me, for fear of surprize
attacks. Each hunting party, therefore,
contained the potentials of a war-party.
Even when in large numbers the warriors
did not care to wander far from their homes
lest the villages be assaulted in force during
their absence. Because of this caution it
became necessary to conserve the buffalo
and under no circumstances scare him away.
It resulted that they aimed to surround a
small herd of a few hundred and kill every
one. They believed that if a survivor
escaped he would communicate his alarm
to other herds. Nor did they use their
guns in hunting, but always the bow and
arrow.

  The first pause in our journey was at the
Minnetaree village at the mouth of the
Knife, consisting of half a hundred huts
and called the ‘‘little village.” We very
quickly learned there was a great difference
between this and either of the Mandan
villages in regard to manners.

  The moment we were sighted a mob of
young demons surrounded us, hooting and
deriding. Their elders sat smoking their
miserable tobacco on top of the huge
circular huts and enjoying the spectacle.
More troublesome even than the children
were the dogs which swarmed from all
directions. They were as vicious as wolves
and much more daring.

  Miss Dearness, who had drawn her
capote over her head when we neared the
village, gave a cry of alarm, and I spurred
forward and brained a brute with the butt
of my gun as he leaped high to pull her from
the saddle. This act caused much scowling
and mumbling from the spectators, which
I interpreted to be threats. Flat Mouth
leaned low from his saddle and did for
another beast with his ax. The mumbling
broke into a sullen roar, and the men on the
huts began rising and preparing to descend.

  Flat Mouth pulled out his string of Sioux
scalps and, waving them above his head,
shouted his name and the fact that he had
once lived among the Mandans and the
Minnetarees. Then in their own tongue
he chanted his record of coups, touching
112

Adventure

a scalp as he narrated the details of each
encounter. The men on the huts gathered
to the edge and allowed their feet to hang
down while they listened.

  Finishing the story of his exploits, the
Pillager explained how he was serving the
woman with the medicine hair, the most
wonderful woman ever on the Missouri,
whose father was the mightiest of all
traders and who had intended to build a
post among the villages so the Indians
could always obtain whatever they wanted
in arms and ammunition. He significantly
concluded with saying:

  “The big white chief will send no traders
where his daughter is met by mad dogs
and screaming children.”

  Then, turning to Miss Dearness, he di-
rected her to reveal her hair.

  She obeyed, and'as the Indians stared at
her fiery hair, those on the ground drew
back and forgot their scowls, while those
on the huts stood erect and forgot their
smoking. As the Pillager rapidly trans-
lated his speech to me I understood their
concern; each village was anxious to obtain
all the white man’s goods possible and was
extremely jealous of every visit made by
a trader to a neighboring village.

  Their lack of hospitality was an excellent
excuse for us to save time by pushing on.
Although they beseeched us to enter their
huts and partake of food and tobacco, we
held on steadily through the village and
into the road leading up the Knife. They
followed us outside the village but we gave
them no heed. We followed the road for
about a mile when the Pillager halted and
announced that we were opposite the big
Minnetaree village. He said it consisted
of some hundred and thirty huts, but, rub
my eyes as I would, I could not see it.

  Then he explained this. The last of the
five villages was located a mile back from
the river, and because of this fact and the
resulting problem over fuel the warriors
moved into the hills each Winter, where
they had more circular huts and wood
aplenty. We forded the Knife with the
water up to our horses’ bellies and made a
dash for the village.

THIS time we met less of the rude-
ness which had greeted us below,
and yet there was no suggestion
of hospitality. They were rude in another
way. We were ignored. They were most

arrogant in their bearing. After ordering
a woman to show us to a big hut, set apart
for visitors, they paid no attention to us.
A physical characteristic of all Minnetarees
was the large aquiline nose. The Pillager
assured us we were safe among them, but
added that this was the case purely because
they must have arms from traders to protect
themselves from the Sioux, and they believed
that we were paving the way for permanent
traders. The village originally contained
a thousand huts, but the deadly small-pox
had whittled it down to its present pro-
portions.

  The hut we were shown to was a duplicate
of the one in Black Cat’s village except
that it was dug down three feet below the
surface. As tn the Mandan huts we found
earthen pots and a copper kettle. The
kettle, it seems, was used entirely for
boiling meat. Why they couldn’t cook
meat in the earthenware, as. they did
their com and beans, I do not know. Some
foolish superstition was behind it, of
course. I asked the woman about it, and
she said the meat would make the earthen
pots crack.

  I quickly learned it was unsafe to move
outside the hut unless armed with a club.
The first Lime I stepped to the door to
survey the scene, I was set upon by a huge
dog. I kicked myself clear of the brute
and after that I never ventured abroad
without a club in my hand. So long as we
remained in the hut we were left by our-
selves. The moment we passed through
the door we were surrounded by impish
brats who would go through our clothes
and filch anything they could. Miss Dear-
ness went out with us once, but the repulsive
sights and the constant attendance of the
vicious-mannered mob which accompanied
us every step was experience enough for
her.

  “You and the Pillager carry out your
plans,” she urged after we returned to the
hut. “But let us start back to the Mandan
village before dark.”

  “It’s a beastly place,” I admitted, pitying
her deeply. “I almost wish, for your sake,
we had tried to win back north without
coming here. I think we could have
made it.”

  “No, we stood no chance. The Sioux
were too close, the Assiniboins too many.
Our lives are safe here, but we ought to be
starting for the Red River within a day
Gentlemen of the North

113

or two.” After a pause she asked, “When
do you think Le Borgne will come?”

  “Not till after we have gone. You have
heard of him?”

  “My father spoke of him when we were
on the Assiniboin. The Indians had much
to tell of him. But go and finish your busi-
ness so we can be getting away.”

  The undercurrent of her thoughts was
Le Borgne, that sinister master of the
Minnetarees, who ruled as an autocrat,
an unusual condition of affairs among the
Indians. I did not care to ask her what she
had heard about the chief; it was sure to be
something disquieting. I picked up my
club and, followed by Flat Mouth, passed
from the hut.

  We had a brisk battle with the dogs but
finally put them to rout. Young bucks
swaggered close, glaring murderously at
our success over their pets. One was so
bold as to step before the Pillager to block
his path, or to make him step aside. Flat
Mouth slapped him in the face with his
string of Sioux scalps, called him a “child,”
and asked how long before he could grow up
and kill a Sioux.

  The buck, maddened beyond self-control
and knowing the warriors were watching
his shame, grabbed for his ax. Flat Mouth
smiled evilly and dangled the string before
his face. The hand on the ax relaxed. I
was using the medicine bag taken from
the war-chief killed in the Red Lake River
country, as a tobacco pouch. Now I pro-
duced it, filled my pipe and through the
Pillager advised the young man and his
friend not to bother mighty warriors who
never bothered to slay any but chiefs
carrying the pipe.

  The display of scalps and the sight of
the medicine pouch brought the elders to
sharp attention. Several approached, their
bearing very decorous, and questioned the
Pillager. He proudly proclaimed himself
a hero and gave his new name of Sioux
Killer. He declared I came next to him
and said the white woman with the medi-
cine hair was more powerful than both
of us.

  The lowering glances continued, yet your
exhibit of trophies had made a deep im-
pression and forced their respect. Their
great chief, Le Borgne, would have been
proud to recite the coups the Pillager had
recounted. Harsh commands were given,
and the band of children drew back, the

young men ceased their insolence, and
women clubbed the dogs to the outskirts
of the village.

  Then Le Borgne’s brother, Caltahcota,
or Choke-cherry, as the traders knew him,
deigned to make himself known and in-
quired minutely into the purpose of our
visit. He was pleased with the story I told
through the Pillager, and said his brother
would be very glad to welcome us, but that
we had done wrong in not bringing guns,
powder and ball with us, as the Sioux were
very thick and troublesome around the
village.

  The Pillager sneered and loudly declared
he would drive the Sioux away and double
the length of his string. Choke-cherry
seemed to accept him at his own estimation,
and his respect took on a touch of awe. He
insisted we go into his hut and eat.

  We followed him and were presented with
bowls of meat that only one word can
describe—putrid. Even for politeness’ sake
I could not endure the stench of it, let alone
tasting it. Choke-cherry gobbled at it
voraciously and gave us some dried beans
and corn, bruised in a mortar, cooked with-
out salt, and very tasteless. Still it could
be swallowed. Flat Mouth was not par-
ticular as to what he ate, yet there were
limits to even his Indian appetite and
stomach. He partook only of the corn and
beans. While we were bolting our portions
he assured me that the Minnetarees would
kill a buffalo in Winter, leave it in the snow
and wait until decomposition had set in
before using it for food. I could well
believe it.

ESCAPING to the free air, I asked
Choke-cherry when his mighty
brother would lje back. He be-
lieved in a few days. He was very vague,
indicating he knew no more about it than
we did. The six Cheyenne envoys had
withdrawn a mile north of the village to
await the coming of more of their people.
Upon their arrival the treaty between them
and the Minnetarees would be duly ce-
mented. The Minnetarees would adopt
a Cheyenne youth and many presents
would be “placed under the stem.” While
Le Borgne was too big a man to abandon
a hunting trip for any purpose except to
follow his own will, it was probable he would
return very soon.

  With the Pillager interpreting I said:
H4

Adventure

  “We must go back lo the lower villages to-
night. When your brother comes send a
man to us so we may come to him.”

  He urged that we remain with the
Minnetarees indefinitely, but I explained
we had certain trade preparations to make,
and he finally agreed to inform us when the
chief ^irrived.

  Utterly disgusted with the villages,
determined to get away where I could feel
clean once more, and sensing that it must
be hell for Miss Dearness, I made up my
mind on the spot to make a break north
from the Mandan village early the next
morning. Fear of the Sioux would keep
the village Indians from pursuing us,
while the presence of the Cheyennes on
the Knife, anxious to make peace, would
tend to make both Sioux and Assiniboins
chary about remaining in that neighbor-
hood.

  The Mandans, while peacefully disposed
and much less arrogant than the Minne-
tarees, were known as dogged fighters.
Allied with the Cheyennes, they could carry
a good fight to the Sioux, and the latter
knew it. By striking directly north and
traveling much by night I believed we could
make the big loop of the Mouse. After
following the Mouse a short distance we
would be within the sphere of influence of
the N. W. Company, represented by Fort
Assiniboin, and our dangers from hostile
red men would be over. Nor did I expect
any difficulty in leaving the Mandan
village. We had come and gone as we
pleased, our story was believed, and we had
visited the Minnetaree village to consult
with Le Borgne’s brother.

  Leaving Choke-cherry — Cherry-on-a-
Bush was his full name, I believe—we re-
turned to the hut and found Miss Dearness
seated on a robe before the empty firehole
and looking very' sad. I briefly explained
my purpose, and it was worth great risks
to behold the wonderful lighting up of the
blue eyes as she turned them on me.

  “It will succeed!" she cried in English.
“It must! Oh, you’ve removed a big load
from my heart. To be out in the open—to
breathe clean air again—anything but this!”

  “You’ve seen so much of Indian life in
traveling with your father that you must
be prepared to withstand what would shock
an inexperienced white woman,” I re-
marked.

  “True,” she murmured. “I can force

myself to indifference to much that’s re-
pulsive—a make-believe indifference, any-
way. I’ve said the Indians talked of Le
Borgne on the Assiniboin. I’ve also heard
the H. B. men describe him in talking with
my father. He likes to meet white men.
He treats them better than his warriors do.
He’s shrewd enough to know he must have
arms, and he can get them only through
the white traders. From the Indian stand-
point he is a very great man. Yes, he’s
that even by our standards. He controls
these villages absolutely, and you know how
dearly an Indian prizes his personal liberty.
Le Borgne overrides many hard-and-fast
rules of ordinary Indian usage. What he
wants he takes.”

  Her face went red as she finished; then
the color receded, leaving her cheeks a
ghastly white, and her hand fumbled at
something inside her leather coat, probably
her knife.

  “You understand him as well as the
Pillager does,” I gravely commented. “Per-
haps it’s best you should.”

  “The truth is always best,” she simply
replied. “The fact is there. It would be
foolish to hide from it as a calf hides his
head in the grass to escape a hunter.”

  Flat Mouth, who had listened and picked
up a word here and there, now broke in:
“When I was here last, Le Borgne would
go into a hut and take a warrior’s wife away
from him. The warrior never made any
fight. Le Borgne is a great chief.”

  His lack of finesse in making the brutal
speech would have angered me more if I did
not believe the girl knew all that he knew.
She glanced with a curious little smile and
quietly said—

  “Well, he will never take me.”

  “What nonsense! Of course not!” I
cried hotly. “To hear us one would think
this raw savage was all powerful. Then
again, let’s give him credit for having some
sense. He wants traders to come here so
he can stand off the Sioux. Is he fool
enough to spoil all the chances for saving
his people from the Sioux by turning every
trader against him? Of course not. Miss
Dearness, you haven’t any cause to worry.”
She reached out and patted my hand and
murmured—

“Comforter!” Then she reminded—“Yet
there is some danger, so great that you plan
to return to the Mouse without an escort.”
She had me. In all honesty I insisted
Gentlemen of the North

115

our proposed flight was impelled by idle
fears, so far as we knew. Beyond the
general character of Le Borgne we had
no reason for deducing he would bring down
the wrath of the American Government
upon him by stealing a white woman.

  “Tell that to these Indians and they
will laugh at you,” she jeered. “You can’t
make them believe but what they are the
most superior and the most brave people
on earth. There may come a time when
your Government can control them. Now
they have no more respect for or fear of
your Government than that of China, which
they never heard of. Why, they even be-
lieve they outnumber the whites. Tell
them of big white villages beyond the
Mississippi, and they will tell you that you
lie. I’ve traveled enough with my father
and have heard enough trade-talk to at
least know that much.”

  I had to admit the truth of her state-
ments and shifted to the contention that
the chief’s imperative need of guns would
come first in his heart. He might laugh
at the United States Government as a
shadowy thing, but he would never laugh
at the Sioux and a powerful trading com-
pany. Believing we all three represented
the N. W. company, he would be anxious
for us to carry back pleasant reports and
thereby hasten the establishment of a per-
manent post.

  “And yet you plan to escape at the
earliest opportunity—tomorrow morning if
we can manage it,” she monotonously re-
minded.

  “We can wait and see the chief and have
him send an escort with us,” I boldly
declared.

  With a little shudder she protested:

  “No! No! We must start tomorrow.
Instinct tells me we must do so. I only
wish we could start now. I tell you I am
afraid, and I’m not bothered with any silly
imagination. I feel as if something were
about to happen.”

  “For heaven’s sake don’t let our friend
here know that, or he’ll sit down and sing
his death song, waiting for some one to
club him to death. You’re big medicine
to him. So long as he can believe that,
he can do much.”

  “Medicine Hair big medicine,” mur-
mured Flat Mouth, catching at the familiar
words, although puzzled bv the rest of our
talk.

  She raised her head and stared at us
both haughtily. The effect at once regis-
tered on the Pillager. Smoothing out her
wonderful hair, she softly sounded the
ululating call that carried the whispering
of the wind and the prattling of shallow
rivers. The chief stood very straight, his
head tipped back, his nostrils distended.

  There was a warrior’s ambition in his
small eyes. If he had been disturbed by
her downcast mien he was now restored
to all his old-time strutting complacency.
He was the chief of the Pillager Chippewas.
The Minnetarces were low dogs who lived
cooped up in a village and ate stinking
meat. The hand that struck against his
robe where hung his scalps was itching for
more bloody work. Then the door of the
hut swung open, and Choke-cherry stood
before us, blinking at the girl.

HE WAS wearing a gorgeous head-
gear made from a turkey-cock’s
tail, and he seemed much puffed
up with his own importance. For a few
moments he forgot his errand and stared
at Miss Dearness and her lustrous hair.
With an effort he recalled his business and,
in a loud voice, began reciting. As he
talked he pounded his chest and glanced
from me to the girl and then to the im-
passive Pillager. When he had finished,
the Pillager explained that the messenger
sent to inform Le Borgne of the Cheyennes’
presence at the village had found the great
chief a short distance up the Knife. But,
being a great chief, it did not please his
fancy to quit the hunt, even for making
the peace treaty. Accordingly he had sent
the messenger back with directions for his
brother, the renowned and redoubtable
Choke-cherry, to treat with the Cheyennes
and to adopt the Cheyenne youth.

  These delegated powers had swollen
Choke-cherry’s conceit almost to the ex-
ploding point. Out of*, five brothers to
Le Borgne he had been picked. He had
sent word to the Cheyenne camp that he
was coming to act for his illustrious brother
and, to give more tone to the cere-
mony, he desired his new friends to be
present.

  Miss Dearness’ face remained cold
and proud, but her soul was on her lips
when she whispered to me:

  “Thank God he isn’t coming. You two
go, and I will wait here.”
116

Adventure

  On being informed of our decision, Choke-
cherry violently objected. He needed the
medicine of her hair, he said. Never had
the Cheyennes seen such hair. Her at-
tendance was absolutely necessary, he
insisted.

  “You’d better come,” I urged after Flat
Mouth had interpreted. “It will give
us better standing with them. We can
ride directly from the ceremony to the
lower village.”

  “If you think best,” she surrendered,
rising and gathering up her capote.

  Choke-cherry had had small chance to
wear the purple, I took it, and his dignity
and conceit were terrific. As Choke-cherry,
the warriors would have laughed at him;
as the mouth-piece of his illustrious brother,
his orders were obeyed with great celerity.
Our horses were brought to the hut, and
the buck who acted as hostler did not even
pause to beg for the usual piece of trade
tobacco. We found the village humming
with unusual activity, and Choke-cherry,
every few rods, halted his pony and hoarsely
harangued the people. These speeches
had no point, I deduced from Flat Mouth’s
grim smile of contempt, but they killed the
time which I believed to be precious.

  Finally we were ready and rode beside
Choke-cherry at the head of two hundred
or more mounted warriors. They had
decorated their ponies with white and red
earth, some showing white or red hand-
prints to advertise that their riders had
grappled bare-handed with an enemy.
Others were marked with stripes.

  The riders, too, were painted, but they
would have been very ferocious to be-
hold even without any coloring, for the
majority of them showed wide welts in the
flesh, produced by pushing an arrow-head
along under the skin. Many had several
of these hideous ridges running from the
hand to the shoulder and then down on
the chest, where^lhey ended in a series of
circles. Nearly all had scalps hanging
from their bridles or from the handles of
their axes and spears. The women, also
mounted, brought up the rear. These
were uniformly tattooed with broad lines
from the nose to the cars, and from the
comers of the mouth down to the throat.

  As we galloped along behind Choke-
cherry, Flat Mouth festooned his scalps
down the front of his robe, while I hung
the Sioux medicine pouch on my breast.

Several groups of young men now swung
in ahead of us, riding ten abreast and
chanting their war-songs and sounding
their rattles. Choke-cherry produced the
ceremonial pipe from a case carried across
his saddle, and held it high in one hand so
that it could not touch his horse.

  Now, while we went in superior numbers
to sign a peace pact, yet we moved in a
compact body as if fearing an attack.
Nor was this because of any ceremony.
We were afraid of an attack. Word was
given for the young men to cease racing
their ponies and stay close with the main
body, and more than one of the gun-
bearers saw that his piece was properly
primed and slipped an extra ball into his
mouth.

  When, within about a quarter of a mile
of the Cheyenne camp, a score of warriors
came racing out to meet us, on horse-flesh
that was far superior to anything the
Minnetarees owned, their animals’ heads
were cunningly concealed in masks repre-
senting buffalo and red deer heads. The
riders were all young men and they rode
up to us, shook hands and cried out greet-
ings in their own language.

  On beholding Miss Dearness they seemed
strangely affected and lost much of their
noisy manner. Flat Mouth and his decora-
tions also impressed them, although he
wore none of the finery the Minnetarees
were displaying. But he had the proof of
having been at hand-grips with the Sioux.

  As they galloped back to their camp they
repeatedly turned to gaze at us. Choke-
cherry took all this to his own credit, but
I knew it was the girl and her vivid hair
that attracted these backward glances.
She, too, was moved by the stirring spec-
tacle, and her blue eyes flashed and sparkled
and roamed back and forth to take in all
the details of the lively panorama. For
the moment she was forgetting the filth
and the annoyance and was beholding only
the barbaric grace of the riders, and the
pictorial rioting of colors.

  Choke-cherry, the old wind-bag, now
halted the long line and rode from front
to rear, pausing every rod to spout and roar
his orders, determined to live his brief
authority to the limit. He lectured them
on the virtue of keeping their finery un-
soiled, so as to do honor to their tribe. He
exhorted them to carry themselves care-
fully, so as to give no offense and spoil the
Gentlemen of the North

117

peace. He severely scolded a band of
Mandans, who rode at one side and out of
line. Flat Mouth said the Mandans had to
stand much overbearing conduct from
their allies, but added that, aside from the
Borgne, no Minnetaree ventured beyond
certain limits.

  Because of Choke-cherry’s love for
speech-making I feared we would never
make the camp and have the ceremony
of adoption done with, but fortunately a
great war-chief of the Cheyennes now
dashed out to meet us on a white stallion
and put an end to our leader’s mouthing.
This man was a magnificent specimen. He
wore a blue coat, procured in trade with
the Spaniards through some of the southern
tribes, and a gaily striped blanket. He
all but rode us down and had his horse’s
hoofs pawing the air over my head in a most
disconcerting manner.

  He shook hands with me ’and Miss
Dearness, at whom he stared overlong,
and with the Pillager. Choke-cherry, who
was a few hundred feet behind us, now
galloped up and fussily took over the
management of the situation. The chief
shook hands with him cordially, but his gaze
alternated between the girl’s hair and the
stern cold face of the Pillager with his wealth
of Sioux hair. The business of handshaking
done with, he fell back, and a large number
of his men rode forward and mingled with
the Minnetarees and Mandans, shaking
hands and shouting a welcome.

AT A signal from their chief the
Cheyennes fell into long lines with a
military precision and galloped to
their camp. We followed at a sedate pace.
When we arrived, the chief and several
of the older men rode back and forth
through the camp, reminding their people
that the Minnetarees were their friends,
that they were to be fed and protected
from thieves. There were a hundred
leather tents in the camp, white as snow
and set in a horseshoe with the opening
toward the north. The speech of the
Cheyennes is much more pleasing to the
ear than that of the Mandans or Minne-
tarees and reminded me much of our
northern Crees.

  Thus far all had gone smoothly. Then,
like a bolt, a band of Cheyennes darted
from their camp and rode like mad along
our back trail. At first I supposed this

to be one of their graceiul maneuvers,
but quickly perceived by Choke-cherry’s
excitement that something unusual was up.
He yelped to his warriors and two-score
wheeled their horses and started on a
course parallel to that of the Cheyennes.

  I rode up a low hill to discover the trouble
and beheld two horsemen desperately
riding to meet the Minnetarees before the
Cheyennes could get to them. Behind me
both the Cheyenne camp and the body of
Minnetarees were in a boiling commotion.
The women accompanying our party were
hurriedly getting the horses to the rear.
Choke-cherry was bleating madly. Flat
Mouth and Miss Dearness galloped to
join me.

  “Be ready! We may have to ride fast
from here. If we do we will strike for the
Mouse without going back to the Mandan
village,” said the Pillager.

  I asked for an explanation. He pointed
to the two horsemen, now inside the double
line of Minnetarees. I looked and recog-
nized the head-dress of buffalo horns.

  “Assiniboins!” I cried. “Why don’t the
Minnetarees kill them?”

  '“They came into the village. They can
not be harmed. The Cheyennes are their
deadly enemies. Knowing the Minnetarees
are stronger today than the Cheyennes,
they foolishly followed them out here.
The Cheyennes want to kill them. The
Minnetarees say they shall not be hurt.
Instead of peace we may have a battle. If
that happens we will ride for it.”

  Now the Minnetarees were returning,
the two Assiniboins in their midst. The
Cheyennes shouted furiously and gesticu-
lated with their weapons as they demanded
the surrender of the newcomers. Choke-
cherry rode up to the Cheyenne chief and
asked him to call his young men back. The
chief offered ten of his best horses for the
Assiniboins, and there was no logical
reason—the dictates of humanity aside,
of which the Minnetarees knew nothing—
why the intruders should not ha-*e been
given up. But according to the Indian
reasoning the two were safe once they
entered the village and so long as they
remained in the village. As almost all
the village had gone to visit the Cheyennes
the Assiniboins followed our road and were
held to be, theoretically, still in the village
and entitled to protection.

  It was a curious example of the power
n8

Adventure

of custom. The Minnetarees were deter-
mined to protect the two hostile Indians
even if it cost them the friendship of the
Cheyennes. The men were finally brought
well within our lines, thrust into a small tent
and told to keep out of sight. Next fol-
lowed an hour of vehement speech-making.
At last the Cheyennes said they would
get their chance later. Choke-cherry was
nervous and uneasy and at once began
preparing for the ceremony.

  Miss Dearness became so deeply inter-
ested in the Assiniboins that I made some
comment upon it. She replied:

  “They were with those who drove us
down here. They are spies. They came
to learn if we were here, and when we are
likely to go. Their main body is in hiding
somewhere near.”

  “They must not go back to tell what
they’ve learned,” I said.

  “Oh, not murder,” she protested.
  “Self-defense,” I grimly qualified.

  I turned to the Pillager and found him
perfectly composed. He said he had known
the moment he beheld the two, that their
errand on the Knife concerned us.

   I said to the girl:

  “It’s very simple. I’ll get word to the
Cheyennes to watch the two and bag them
if they leave the village. Flat Mouth shall
tell them, as he talks the sign language.”
“But the war-party outside waiting to
catch us?” she murmured.

“Flat Mouth shall tell of that, too. The
Cheyennes shall go and drive them away.”
I began to feel rather obliged to the two
fellows for coming in and revealing the un-
suspected danger.

  So far as I could observe, the wrangling
over the Assiniboins terminated without
any obvious gain made by either side except
that the Minnetarees kept the two Indians
alive. With the dissension smoothed away,
next came the ceremony of completing the
treaty. The terms were simple and ac-
cepted by both tribes. The alliance was
to wage war on the Sioux and their allies.
Choke-cherry, by formally adopting a Chey-
enne youth as his son, would be creating
binding ties between the tribes. The
Cheyennes, however, were reluctant to
proceed with the business.

  Flat Mouth got hold of a Mandan and
learned the Cheyennes were angry that
Le Borgne did not consider the treaty of
enough importance to be present. It had

only needed the incident of the Assiniboins
to bring this resentment to the surface.
The medicine-tent was not up, nor had they
formed a smaller ceremonial horseshoe of
the white leather tents. After much argu-
ing and oratory the medicine tent was
finally erected.

  Choke-cherry made a long-winded speech
and called to him Two Crows, a Minne-
taree chief, and gave to him the long pipe-
stem he had so carefully guarded from
being profaned by touching his horse.
This stem was adorned with feathers, and
Two Crows, in accepting it, danced gro-
tesquely back and forth, while two young
Minnetarees beat on a drum and rattled
antelope hoofs together.

  After a certain amount of prancing,
came the ceremonial visit to the tent of the
Cheyenne who was to be adopted. Two
Crows went ahead with his thudding dance
step, and behind him danced the men with
the drum and the hoofs. We followed
with Choke-cherry. At Choke-cherry’s
command three horses were brought along.
Several pegs were pulled out, and the flaps
of the tent drawn back so that the horses
could be led inside. The three halters were
placed in the hands of a very sullen looking
young man who was seated opposite the
entrance. Two Crows danced up and
offered him the sacred stem. To the con-
sternation of Choke-cherry the stem was
haughtily waved aside. Choke-cherry tried
to reason with him, but he would not come
out of his sulks.

THE situation was growing serious.
Flat Mouth gained the side of the
Cheyenne war-chief, who was sar-
donically watching Choke-cherry’s em-
barrassment, and talked rapidly with one
hand masked by his robe. Only the chief
could read his talk, and, as he compre-
hended, his eyes darted fire. Striding to
the young man he spoke in his ear, whereat
the stem was accepted. Choke-cherry and
Two Crows now took him by the arms and
led him to the medicine-tent and seated
him beside some new red strouds—coarse
blankets. Choke-cherry sat on his right
and Two Crows on his left. The musicians
continued their efforts, and a figure danced
in with the head of a buffalo on his shoul-
ders, the nostrils and mouth of which were
stuffed with dried grass. He placed the
Gentlemen of the North

119

skull of a bull on the ground opposite the
Cheyenne.

  Now came the gift-making, and again the
Cheyennes held back. Some of the Minne-
tarees brought ammunition and placed it
on the strouds, and the Cheyenne held the
stem over it. Two Crows rose and ad-
dressed the Cheyennes, urging them to
bring something to put under the stem.
After much waiting three warriors brought
in a few robes and some dressed leather
and piled them on the ammunition. This
encouraged the Minnetarees, and they gave
three guns. The Cheyennes came back
with three poor ponies. Choke-cherry
growled and grunted in great wrath, and
his followers brought two more guns and
some corn and beans. This resulted in
another sore-backed nag from the visitors.

  Then did Choke-cherry explode and
demand what the Cheyennes meant by
putting worthless creatures under the stem
when the Minnetarees were giving good
guns and powder and ball. The Cheyennes
replied they would bring good horses when
more guns were put under the stem.

  Choke-cherry forgot diplomacy and
roundly accused the Cheyennes of plotting
to induce the Minnetarees to give up their
weapons so that they might be helpless
before an attack. This accusation of
treachery was immediately followed by
the Cheyennes hurrying back to the tents.
We waited, thinking they were gone to
bring more ponies. Then the warriors
outside the medicine tent began calling
out loudly, and we ran after Choke-cherry
and Two Crows and beheld the Cheyennes
striking their tents and preparing to
ride off.

  The young man who was to have been
adopted galloped by us, riding one of the
gift nags, leading the others and carrying
the guns and ammunition. More than one
bow was drawn taut as he flew by, but
Choke-cherry, although convulsed with
rage, knew better than to let war come
while his brother was absent, and his stern
commands, liberally mixed with mention
of his brother’s name, saved the young
man’s life.

  The Cheyennes rode off in a body. The
peace treaty had fallen through because
of the Assiniboins. Yet the Minnetarees
did not seem to attribute any blame to
them and treated them kindly as we rode
back to the village. Before arriving at

the huts Choke-cherry turned toward the
river, a mile away. On reaching it he
directed Two Crows to bring a white
buffalo hide. Flat Mouth explained to me
and the girl that Choke-cherry feared he
had handled the peace treaty badly and
anticipated his brother's anger. To guard
against this he now proposed to sacrifice
a precious white robe. Such a hide, as
I have remarked before, is the most highly
valued by the Minnetarees of all their
possessions. I could understand how the
chief’s brother was considerably worked up.

  Two Crows came galloping back, not with
a whole hide, for that was a liberality that
even the gods had no right to expect, but a
long strip. This seemed to answer per-
fectly, however, and was soon placed in a
deep hole in the river and weighted down
with rocks. Choke-cherry then made a
long speech in which he said he knew what
was to blame for the Cheyennes’ behavior,
which he promised to duly report to his
brother. Having done all he could to
placate his gods, he morosely led the way
home.

  “You talked with the Cheyenne chief?”
I murmured to Flat Mouth.

  “He is Red Arrow, a brave warrior. He
will wait three days to go with us to the
Mouse.”

  “Why is he willing to do that?” I curi-
ously asked.

  “He knows I will pay him. He will make
a good trade,” was the evasive answer.

   Choke-cherry halted at the first hut and,
as we rode up, he glared at me viciously
and shouted something. The Pillager in-
terpreted—

  “I know what stopped me from making
peace with the Cheyennes.”

  “What was it?” I asked.

  “Bad medicine.”

  “What was the medicine?” I knew
what he would say before he spoke.

  “The hair of the white woman,” he
grunted, switching his malignant gaze to
Miss Dearness.

  I warmly replied he was a fool and some
other things, and that no treaty would be
made with the Minnetarees when they took
the Assiniboin snakes along with them.

  “My brother is a very wise man. We
shall see,” he replied as he rode away.

   The girl had interpreted his look and had
heard Flat Mouth’s Chippewa translation,
and her hand was cold as ice as she rode
120

Adventure

closer and placed it on mine and whis-
pered—

  “It all comes back—my fear.”

  “Don’t you worry a bit,” I soothed.
“We’ll get out of here flying inside of twelve
hours.’'

  In my heart, however, a deadly chill was
growing.

  It was now dusk, and, after leaving our
ponies at the corral, I escorted Miss Dear-
ness to the hut and lighted some bark in
the fire-hole to drive away the gloom.
Then I told her that we had better remain
where we were until morning as the ride
down the river would be dangerous. Sur-
rounding the village were innumerable pits,
eight feet or more deep, which the women
filled with corn and beans each Fall. These
were all open, and to get clear of the place
at night was to risk a broken leg or neck.

  “But we must get away tonight,” she
fiercely insisted. “Any danger but this.”
She waved her hand to encompass the
whole village. “You heard what he said
about my medicine spoiling the treaty. I
care nothing for that, but there is another
danger. Oh, Mr. Franklin, you’ve been
very good and patient with me—but get me
out of here tonight!”

  “Very well, we’ll go tonight, but we can’t
return to the Mandans. We must risk
crossing the Missouri at the mouth of the
Knife and striking northeast. If we waited
until tomorrow and started from the
Mandans we might find a band of Chey-
ennes waiting to act as escort. The chief
told the Pillager he would see us to the
Mouse.”

  “I’d rather start from here tonight and
travel alone than wait any longer,” she
said. “Perhaps Flat Mouth could swing to
one side and pick up the Cheyennes. If
not, then a ride for it, and a clean, quick
death at the worst.”

  “There must be no talk of death,” I re-
buked. “We’ll go and get through. I was
only thinking of the difficulties in getting
the horses across the Missouri, but with a
bull-boat we ought to be able to tow them
over, one at a time. Rest easy while I go
and find the Pillager and arrange for him
to get the horses from the corral.”

  I had passed through the door, closed it,
and had heard the heavy bar drop across it,
when a terrific screech rang out a few huts
away and in the direction of the river.
The cry was caught up and repeated. I

stood undecided, my thumb resting on the
hammer of my gun. The door opened back
of me and she was beside me, a hand resting
on my shoulder, her head tilted as she
sought to read my face in the darkness.
The village was now in an uproar.

  “The Cheyennes must be attacking in
force,” I muttered.

  “It’s something very serious,” she whis-
pered. “Do you think you can manage to
get the horses up here?”

  “Stay inside! Let no one in,” I said,
stepping out and blundering between the
huts, where the path in places was only a
foot in width.

I PASSED between two huts and
bumped into an Indian. His hands
struck my chest to push me aside.
Then the Pillager’s voice was whispering—
“So it is you. I knew the cloth.”

  “What is the trouble? You’ve been
running?”

  The last deduction was not because his
breathing was beyond normal, but because
in clutching his wrists I felt his pulse
racing.

  “The Assiniboin spies will not go back
to tell what they saw here,” he hissed in
my ear.

  “Good God! You’ve killed them?”
I muttered.

  “Killed both. I promised the Cheyenne
chief their scalps if he would give us war-
riors to go with us to the Mouse. I told
you he would make a good trade.”

  “But they’ll be after you!” I softly
cried.

  “Choke-cherry thinks the Cheyennes
crept in and did it.”

  “It won’t do for you to be seen. It might
make them suspicious. Don’t tell the white
woman. Stand in front of the hut. I will
bring up the horses. We must cross the
Missouri at the mouth of the Knife and ride
for it.”

  “The Cheyennes will be waiting near the
Mandan village,” he protested.

  “And it’s impossible to go down the river.
We would lose too much time. If the
Minnetarees chase us they will take that
direction.”

  “Ho! Eshkebugecoshe, Chief of the
Pillager Chippewas, needs no help in saving
the white woman except the white woman’s
medicine.”

  He thumped his breast and might have
Gentlemen of the North

121

broken into song if I had not quieted him.

  I set off, making my way toward the
center of the pandemonium which seemed
to focus around the corral. Lights were
now springing up in the open places, the
naked children dancing and piling on fuel
and looking like so many devil’s whelps.

  Before I reached the corral the village
was well illumined. I met Choke-cherry,
who bawled out something I could not have
understood even if I knew his language.
But as he carried a gun and had his mouth
stuffed with balls, I assumed he was ex-
pecting an attack from the Cheyennes.
He caught my arm and led me to the door
of a hut and ordered the mob to stand
one side. As the command was obeyed
I looked down a narrow lane of humanity
and beheld the two Assiniboins. They
had been killed with a knife, and both were
scalped.

  I slashed my lingers across my wrist,
the sign for the Cheyennes, and he nodded.
He stopped to harangue the crowd and I
worked clear of the shambles and hurried
on to the corral.

  I reached the corral and was startled to
behold a line of mounted men riding down
a slight rise and toward me, being well
within the light of the many fires. Al-
though they were continually descending
the rise, the head of the line never reached
the corral. I watched for a minute,
greatly puzzled. Then a stentorian voice
rose with such tremendous volume as to
carry a great distance. It was repeated
several times and was answered from the
center of the village. In another moment
several Indians came running by the corral,

one of them swinging a torch. I recognized
Choke-cherry and the Pillager in the group.

  I called out to him and I knew he heard
me, yet he kept on with the others to find
the man with the loud voice. Knowing
he would return when he had finished his
errand, I proceeded to pick out our animals.
As I led them out of the enclosure a warrior
caught my arm and pointed interrogatively
at the nags. I pointed out toward the
open plain and then made the sign for
Cheyenne and indicated I was taking the
horses into a hut. He nodded and hurried
on. I started to lead them away and a
hand fell on my shoulder, and the Pillager
was wrenching the halter ropes from my
hands and hurriedly driving the ponies back
into the corral.

  “Why do you do that?” I demanded.

  “Bad medicine at work,” he gloomily
answered. “Le Borgne comes back from
the hunt. Did you not hear his voice?
When he heard the noise in the village he
knew something was wrong and has thrown
a hundred of his hunters around the village
with orders to shoot any one trying to leave
it. We must stay.”

  Without a word I followed him back
through the excited throngs. Some per-
verse agency seemed to be thwarting us.
Something of the girl’s strange fear began
to assail me. It was not Le Borgne, for a
ball from my double-barrel would nicely
eliminate him. It was, rather, that the
whole village stood for ruthless and brutal
domination through physical strength.
When I came to the hut, tapped on the
door, and gave my name, I was confront-
ing the hardest task I had ever encountered.

                                  TO BE CONCLUDED.
Author ot “The Snake,” and “The Sloth.”

I WOULD not attack that spider again,
senhor, if I were you. You have seen
for yourself that you can not hit him.
■^*No matter how quickly you strike, he
is inches away when the blow falls.

  Those huge, bird-killing spiders all are
incredibly swift. I have heard that not
even a bullet is fast enough to kill one—
that at the flash of the gun he jumps so
quickly that the whole seven inches of him
is out of danger when the shot strikes.
Whether that be true or not, I know you
will never hit him with your fist; you will
only tire yourself out. Besides, he may
grow angry and attack you in return.
His fangs are half an inch long, senhor, and
he is full of poison. It js not wise to risk
his springing at y<ju.

  This is an odd place to find such a mon-
ster—here in the middle of the broad
Amazon, on a steamer outward bound
toward the Atlantic. Yet strange creatures
sometimes come aboard these river-boats
while they are tied up at the bank. Some
of them are harmless, and some are deadly.
And not all of the deadly things are found
on the outgoing steamers, nor are they
all bred here in the jungle.

  Sometimes they come up the river from
the outside and are the more deadly because
they are human. The memory of one of
them came into my mind just now while I
watched that great spider leaping aside
from your blows. He, too, was called
the “Spider,” that man, though his name
was Schwartz.

  What is that? You say that schwarz
means “black”? That is very droll, senhor,
for the Spider was black. Black of hair,

black of beard, black of eye he was—yes,
and black of heart, too, though at first we
did not know that. We called him Spider
because he looked like one. His little
eyes were set close together with a sort of
spidery look in them. His body was small
and bunchy, while his arms were long and
thin and covered with black hair. His legs
were short and crooked. Yet he could run
amazingly fast on those little legs; that
made him seen all the more like a spider.
And later he made himself a spider’s lair—
and came to a spider’s end.

  An up-river boat brought him to us one
day, and with him a small brown bag and
a rifle. He had no letters to Coronel
Nunes, owner of the great rubber estate
where I worked, nor anything else to show
who he was or whence he had come. The
coronel, however, received him with the
courtesy he shows to all who come to him;
and when this man told him he had had
another bag, containing letters of intro-
duction and other things of value, but that
it had been stolen from him on the boat,
the coronel believed him—or at any rate
seemed to, for theft is a tiling that may
happen to any man in almost any place.

  Schwartz boldly-made himself at home
there at the headquarters and talked
vaguely about looking over the country
for the people he said he represented. He
went out in ihe jungle with us men and saw
all he could see. Always he carried two
weapons—the rifle, and a pistol.

  It may be a foolish fancy, senhores,
but I have sometimes thought that a man
may be judged by his weapons, and not
only the man himself, but the country
The Spider

123

whence he comes—for a man usually
carries the weapons made in his own land.
Now you two Americans, I have noticed,
carry with you that flat pistol made by the
Senhor Colt, which you say was used by
your army in the war in Europe. There
is about it a square, solid look which fits
well with the things I have observed about
you and with what I have heard about
your great country. Also, the shape of
that pistol is such that it seems to say—

  “I do not seek trouble with any man,
but if any man wants it—I am ready.”

  Your Winchesters, too, have something
of that same air of solid readiness.

  The guns of the Spider had a much
different appearance. The pistol looked
venomous; it leaned forward from the
ugly butt to the thin muzzle, as if always
eager to kill. It reminded me of a striking
snake. The name of it, he once told me,
was a Loo—let me see—ah yes, that is it,
senhor—a Luger. The rifle, too, looked
wicked, but I can not remember its name;
it does not matter. But that pistol and
the look of the spidery man who carried it
were such that, when he was following
behind me in the bush, I got a cold feeling
between my shoulder-blades, as if death
were about to strike me in the back.

  My mates, too. said that they had the
same feeling when he was behind them;
yet he gave us no real cause for it. He did
not bluster nor threaten us by word or act.
Indeed, he was very quiet. He had the
spider’s way of remaining still in one place
for a long time, watching everything and
making no move. It might be our work
that he watched, or it might be something
in the jungle that aroused his interest; but
whatever it was, you felt that when he
stopped looking at it he had seen everything
about it and remembered it all.

  One thing that amused us was his habit
of watching other spiders—real spiders of
the bush, which we often met. No matter
what sort of spider it might lie he would
study it and learn its .ways and how
it lived and got its prey. When he did
this we would wink at one another and
laugh behind our hands, and one of my
mates named Pedro—a tall, handsome
young fellowr who was very droll—would
pretend to pounce on something, and then
say under his breath:

   “Take care, little spider, the big Spider
will eat you!”

  It seemed very funny to us at the time.
But later on things came about which made
it not funny at all.

  After he had been among us for some
time, another boat came. It brought us
welcome guests: the coroncl's daughter, who
had journeyed all the way from Rio to
visit him, and her cousin, a gentleman of
Rio, Senhor Affonso da Fonseca. Every
year the Senhorita Flora made this long
trip from the great city where she was
receiving the finest education the coronet's
wealth could give her, to see her lonely old
father. And though he would never allow
her to remain very long, lest she become ill
from the climate or meet some mischance
from snakes or other things, we all knew
that he looked forward to these short visits
of hers as the brightest days of all the
year.

  We knew, too, that he planned eventually
to make his own home again in Rio, where
he had lived until his wife died. And we
knew also that Senhor Alfonso, who was
somewhat older than the senhorita, had a
deeper feeling for her than that of a cousin,
and that, though he accompanied her
partly because he was interested in our
rubber country and partly because he felt
it his duty to protect her on the long jour-
ney, he came more for the pleasure of being
with her. We were glad of this, Jor she
was a 'handsome, gracious girl—the true
daughter of her father—while the senhor
was every inch a man and would make her
a fine husband. The coronet himself ap-
proved the match.

       NOW it happened just at this time
that I met with a rather bad acci-
dent in the bush—my right leg was
cut by a nuichete—and so I had to go back
to headquarters to let the injury heal.
My old coronet had a very friendly feeling
for me because in past days I had done
some dangerous things for him which many
men would not have done. So, while I was
recovering from my hurt, he often had me
come to the house and sit and talk to him,
and, being there, I saw a number of
things.

  For one thing, I noticed that the Spider
stopped going into the jungle so much.
He stayed around the headquarters, sitting
quiet for hours in that spidery way of his
and watching the senhorita or Senhor
Affonso. Sometimes he talked, in his
124

Adventure

throaty foreign way, and the others an-
swered him with all politeness, but I could
see that none of them liked him.

  The coronel was displeased at the way
the Spider’s eyes followed his daughter, and
the girl herself avoided him. Senhor Af-
fonso, though, was much interested some-
times by the black-bearded man’s talk of
things he had studied in the jungle, and
now and then he went out with him to see
those things for himself. At such times
I always felt uneasy, and Senhorita Flora,
too, kept watching anxiously until they
returned.

  Mind you, senhores, the Spider never had
done anything to make us distrust him.
But dark crimes can easily be committed
when two men are alone in the bush, and
we knew that Senhor Affonso was wealthy
and that, no doubt, he had a tempting sum
of milreis with him; and, as I have said,
there was that about the Spider which made
one feel that it would not be well to trust
him too far. So I always felt relieved
when the Rio gentleman came back un-
harmed, and I knew the senhorita did also,
though she never spoke of what was in her
mind.

  Then one day a man of ours reported
seeing a splendid black jaguar in the forest,
and Senhor Affonso and the Spider went to
hunt it. They made the longest trip they
had yet taken, for they were gone tfto days.
This time we were more at ease about them,
however, for by the coronel's order two of
our men went with them—the man who
had seen the jaguar and another who was a
good hunter.

  Not long after they departed,another boat
came. It was the one which had brought
the Spider to us. My leg was better now,
though still stiff, and I limped down to
watch the unloading of the • supplies. As
I started, the coronel asked me to request
the captain to come up for a moment. I
did so and thought no more of it. After
the boat went, though, I noticed that the
coronel seem disturbed. At times his eyes
would snap angrily and then he would walk
up and down, his face wrinkled in thought.
I asked no questions, of course, but after
the Spider and Senhor Affonso returned
I soon learned what was the matter.

  They had found the jaguar, and brought
with them his great, glossy hide, which
Senhor Affonso proudly showed to the girl
and her father.

  “It shall go back to Rio with us,” he said,
looking at Flora, and there Was that in his
face which added: “And some day, beloved,
it shall be in our home.”

  She smiled and blushed a little, dropping
her eyes.

  I do not know why I did it, but I glanced
at the Spider to see if he wat-ched this.
I saw he did and that a nasty expression
crossed his face. The coronel saw this too,
and his mouth tightened. When the others
started into the house he said—

  “Senhor Schwartz, I would speak with
you.”

  I turned to go away. But, as I have said,
my leg was stiff, and I had to walk slowly—•
and I will admit that I did not try very
hard to hasten, for I knew the coronel was
about to say something worth hearing.
Before I had gone far the old gentleman
spoke:

  “Senhor, you have now made me quite
a long visit. I have greatly enjoyed your
companionship and I am grieved that in
this poor home of mine I have been unable
to offer you better entertainment. I trust,
however, that the little I could do to show
you the workings of the estate has been
of some assistance to you, and that on your
departure you will carry with you many
pleasant memories.”

  The Spider said nothing. So the corond
added—

  “It is with sorrow that I learn that you
are to leave us on the next boat.”

  After a pause the Spider said:

  “Ya, I see. It is because I lost that bag
mit my papers.”

  “Pardon, senhor,” said the coronel, “but
the Aurora was here yesterday, and as you
are my guest I asked the captain if any
trace of your black bag, of which you told
me, had been found. He told me, senhor,
that you had no black bag whatever—only
the brown one which you brought here,
and that nothing had been taken from you.
No doubt there is some mistake. Yet I
have known this captain for years, and I
know him to be honest and truthful.”
There was another pause. Just as I
passed out of hearing the Spider said—

  “He is a-liar, but I will go.”

  I heard him walk into the house.

  As no boat was expected for a time,
things went on as before. I said nothing
of what I had overheard and I know the
coronel did not tell the others, for he is the
The Spider

125

very soul of hospitality and it had cost him
an unpleasant struggle to do what he had
to do. The Spider went out into the bush
a few times alone and returned and talked
of various things he had seen. Then one
morning he and Senhor Affonso went out
together, to look at something or other
this black-hearted man said he had found.

  I watched them go and I became more
uneasy than ever before. I wanted to
follow, but my leg was not yet good enough
to let me travel easily and noiselessly; so
I looked about, and my eye fell on young
Pedro, the droll fellow who used to pretend
to devour spiders. I beckoned to him and
whispered to him to follow the pair and
keep out of sight. He did so at once.

TIME passed, and a sort of drowsi-
ness had crept upon me, when
there came a sound—a sound like
a shot, some distance away and muffled
by the bush. I sprang awake and listened.
Suddenly I remembered that Pedro had
not taken his rifle—only the machete he
always carried at his belt. Senhor Affonso,
though, had a gun with him and he might
be shooting at some animal.

  Before long there came two other shots.
These were nearer than the first and sounded
like the spiteful crack of the Luger. I got
up and went to my quarters to get my rifle.
Senhorita Flora who had heard the shots
too, come out and called to me—
“Lourenfo, what is it?”

  But I made no answer and went on as
fast as a lame man could.

  I was just coming out with the gun when
Flora’s name was called from the edge of
the forest. There stood the Spider.

  “Come quickly, senhorita ” he said.
“Affonso has met with an accident.”

  She started running toward him. I
called—

  “Do not go, senhorita! Wait!”

  But she kept on, and I began to run too.
Then the Spider stopped us both. He
fired at me.

  The bullet missed me so narrowly that
I felt it pass my face. I dodged, my
clumsy stiff leg twisted, and I fell sprawling.
When I looked up the girl had whirled and
was running back to the house.

  The Spider, who thought he had killed
me, was running after her with all his
spidery speed. My rifle had fallen from
my hand, and while I was getting it he

caught her. He dragged her back toward
the jungle. She struggled to escape, and
he struck her so hard that he dazed her.
Then he picked her up and ran, but I had
my rifle now.

  I fired from where I lay, aiming low,
trying to hit his crooked legs and so avoid
injuring Flora. But I shot hurriedly and
missed him. Still, my shooting stopped
him, for when he saw I was alive he swung
the girl toward me and, using her as a
shield, fired at me again.

  As you perhaps know, a man lying down
is hard to hit, but his bullet ripped across
my shoulders and tore the shirt from my
back and burned my skin. I could not
shoot again without striking the senhorita,
so I did not try.

  Then came a burst of fire from the house,
where the coronel had seized weapons.
Now he came bounding out like a jaguar,
with a pistol in each hand spitting flame
and lead, as he ran. Somewhere behind
me, too, a rifle barked, fired by some man
about the place.

  Of course, both the coronel and the work-
man shot high, lest they kill Flora. But
the Spider, thinking only of himself, had
no time to realize this. Finding himself
under fire from two directions and hearing
yells of rage as other men ran for their
guns, he suddenly dropped the girl and ran,
diving into the bush.

  I shot at him again as he fled, but again
I missed. Then we all hastened to Flora,
whom the coronel had caught up in his
arms. For the moment we forgot every-
thing but her. Then, still stunned by the
blow of the Spider, she moaned—
“Affonso!”

  We all started and looked at one another,
and I said—

  “Yes, Senhor Affonso must have been
shot—and Pedro, too.”

  I explained how I had sent Pedro to
follow. The coronel snapped:

  “Go, men, and find them! And find
that—that Schwartz, too!”

  We growled. The Spider would not
come back alive if we found him. But we
did not find him, for he had vanished. We
pressed on to find our own people. I could
not keep up with the others, but I was not
far behind when they met Pedro. He
came staggering down an old estrada, his
face twisted with pain, and he bore the
body of Senhor Affonso.
12b

Adventure

  At first we believed that body to be dead,
for it hung limp and there were two bullet-
holes in it, but while we were cutting down
branches to make a litter Senhor Alfonso
stirred and moaned. Pedro cried out joy-
ously:

  “He lives! The senhor lives!”

  Then he dropped, did Pedro, fainting
from loss of blood, for he, too, had been
shot by the Spider, and his wound was bad,
near the shoulder. So now we had two
men to carry home.

  As I learned later, this was what had
happened:

  The Spider had told Senhor Affonso he
had found a trap-door spider’s nest which
was quite the most wonderful thing he
had ever seen, and the senhor, greatly
interested, went with him into a place
where no men were working. There the
Spider pointed to a hole at the base of a
large tree, with thick spider-webbing across
it, and said that was it.

  If the city gentleman had been better
acquainted with spiders he would have
known that no trap-door spider would
ever make such a nest, but that it would
be concealed so that it could not be seen
at all. But he went up to it, and then
the man Schwartz said—

  “Look closely, Affonso, and see how a
spider acts when he is cornered!”

  Then he shot him in the back.

  The only thing that saved the senhor was
that, even as he bent to look, he sensed
something treacherous in the Spider’s
words and turned to see his face. The
bullet struck him before he had turned
half-way, but he had twisted so far that,
instead of going into his heart, it went
through him sidewise and came out under
his right arm. The shock threw him for-
ward and his head struck hard against
the tree, knocking him senseless.

  The Spider, thinking him dead, swiftly
robbed him of every thing valuable—though
he did not get so much as he probably ex-
pected, for the senhor had put most of his
money in the coronel’s safe soon after his
arrival. Then he dashed back to carry
off the handsome Senhorita Flora, but on
the way he met Pedro.

  Pedro, not wishing the pair to know he
was there, had followed at some distance
and, though he heard the shot, he did not
see the shooting and could not be sure of
what it meant. So, with his machete ready,

he sought to stop the Spider and question
him. Without a word the Spider shot him,
too, firing twice. The first bullet knocked
him down in the thick bush and the second
missed. When he struggled up again the
Spider was gone. Since the first thing
to do was to find Senhor Affonso, he went
and found him.

FOR some time it seemed that
both Pedro and the senhor would die.
But both were strong, and at last
they recovered. While they lay there we
hunted the Spider, but found nothing at all;
he had disappeared as if he never had
been there. It was during this time, too,
that we learned what he meant by his
double-tongued advice to Senhor Affonso
to see what a cornered spider would do,
for there came a boat, and with it two quiet,
common-looking men who talked with the
coronel and went out into the bush with
our men. They finally left without telling
their business to any one except the coronel.
When they had gone we learned with
surprize that they were police. We also
found that they sought the Spider, and
that he was wanted in Para for murder,
and at Manaos for—worse than murder.

  So you see that though he could not
know the law was so close behind him, he
did know he could not go back down the
river on the next boat. He had reached
the last place where he could live among
men, and now there was no place left for
him but the jungle.

  My leg was well long before the senhor
and Pedro were, and I went back to work.
I heard, though, that Senhor Affonso
vowed he would stay there until he had
hunted down the man who had shot him
and assailed the lady Flora, if it took the
rest of his life.

  The senhorita was even more bitter
against that man than Affonso himself—
not so much because he had attacked her
as because he had nearly killed her sweet-
heart. That is the way of women. Yet
she pleaded with him not to seek the
Spider, as he might be killed in doing so.
The coronel, too, pointed out that he was
city-bred and not fitted for man-hunting
in such terrible country as ours, that the
Spider must have perished in the jungle,
and that even the police had abandoned
the idea of looking for him. Pedro, for
whom the senhor now had much affection,
The Spider

127

also urged him to change his mind, and said:

  “Leave him to me, senhor. He is mine
as well as yours, and I know the forest
far better than you. If ever I find him,
he dies.”

  And so he was dissuaded, and finally
he and Flora went back to Rio.

WE HAD long given up the Spider
as dead, for he had not much
ammunition and no way of getting
more. Thus his weapons would soon
become useless, and then he could kill no
game to eat. We had decided he was dead,
I say, when strange things began to occur.
The first of these was the disappearance of
Custodio Barros.

  We were working far out from head-
quarters at the time, in new rubber land,
and we needed more supplies. Custodio
was sent down the river in his canoe to get
them. A long time went by, and he did
not return.

  Then we sent another man. Before he
had gone far he met two boats coming up
from headquarters, and when he asked
what ailed Custodio, the men in the boats
were astonished, for they thought he had
returned to us. They said he had come,
got his supplies and started back; since
then nothing had been seen or heard of him.
Their own action in bringing more supplies
had nothing to do with him, but was the
usual arrangement. They said they would
keep a sharp lookout on the way back to
see if any trace ‘of him could be found,
but they discovered no trace at all.

  This, of course, caused much talk and
argument among us. Custodio was an
honest fellow and even if he had not been
he would hardly have run away with a few
supplies. He might have gone ashore
and been killed by a snake or a jaguar,
or he might have been drowned, or devoured
by alligators or piranhas. None of those
things, however, would have destroyed
his canoe, and the empty canoe would have
been seen by some one. It might be that
Indians had killed him and taken all he had,
but this did not seem likely. Each of us
had his own idea of what might have
happened, but none of us knew anything
more than the fact that he was lost.

  Gumercindo Penria was the next. He
was a steady, thrifty man who had worked
among us for a long time and had never
gambled. He had accumulated a large

account with the coronel. He had a little
family at a place well down the river, and
now the longing for home had grown too
strong in him. and he was going out.

  The coronel, who is always very kind to
those who serve him well, not only paid
him his due but gave him a handsome
present besides, so that he was quite rich
for a man of this region. Yet, partly
because he was so thrifty and partly be-
cause the home fever was burning strong
in him, he would not wait for a regular boat
and go home as a paying passenger, but
started at once in his own canoe.

  Since he was going down-river, the
coronel asked him to bear a message to
some of our men working some distance
below headquarters, telling them to come
in, as he had decided to send them into
another place. Gumercindo gladly prom-
ised to do so.

  The men did not come in, and, after
waiting awhile, the coronel sent another
man with the same message. This time
the men came promptly. They said,
senhores, that Gumercindo not only had
given them no message, but he had never
passed their camp!

  At this the coronel was much perplexed,
and after turning things over in his mind
he sent two men all the way to Gumer-
cindo’s home to see if he had arrived there.
He had not. Nobody knew anything at
all about him. Nowhere between the
headquarters and his home was there any
sign of him. He, too, had disappeared.

  This alarmed and angered all of us.
Searching parties went out with orders to
find the lost man or some trace of him,
and they hunted all along both banks and
sent word far down the river to seek him.
But nothing was found; neither Gumer-
cindo himself, nor his canoe, nor even his
hat.

  After that no man traveled alone. We
felt that some terrible thing was on the
river, though what it might be we could
not guess. We made note of one thing,
though—that both of these men had dis-
appeared with something of value. Cus-
todio had vanished with some supplies;
Gumercindo with money. Men who had
nothing were not molested. Still, the fact
that both of those lost men had been alone
when they were destroyed made us want
to travel in pairs, whether we had anything
or not. For a time this worked well.
128

Adventure

Nothing happened to any of us, except the
usual accidents and hazards of our work.

  Thiyi came something that struck dread
deeper into our hearts. Two men dis-
appeared together, and with them a whole
boat-load of valuable supplies. One of
them, Lucas Macicl, was a rather simple
fellow and slow of thought, but the other.
Saldanha Saraiva, was a man of quick wit
and much experience on the river, whose
only weakness was a fondness for women.
They were bound up-stream when they
were last seen, and somewhere between
that point and our workings the mys-
terious Death which haunted the river
reached out and seized them, their boat
and all they had. As before, no trace was
left behind.

  While we were searching along the banks
and back in the jungle for any sign of what
had happened to these mates of ours, a
fifth man was swallowed up. Antonio
Maciel, he was—a brother of Lucas. This
time the Death struck not on the water,
but in the jungle.

  Antonio was one of several men who were
beating through the bush, strung out in a
long fine with wide spaces between them,
and he was at the end of the line nearest the
stream. After a time the man next to him
found that Antonio was not answering
his calls. He cut his way toward where
Antonio should have been. He was not
there, nor had he reached that place. There
was no trace of him. He was gone, as if
the ground had opened under him and
closed again. The last sign of him was a
place where he had slashed some vines with
his machete.

 This was too much. Men now feared
to work—to go in canoes—to do anything.
They were not cowards, these comrades
of mine, but the mystery and silence of this
awful Death that left no trace was more
than they could stand. Some crossed
themselves and said it was no mortal thing,
but a demon. No man knew when or
where it would strike him down, for it
had seized Antonio, who was on land and
had nothing but liis weapons, just as it
had devoured the men on the water who
had money or supplies. Though our work
went on, we toiled always with a cold feeling
on our backs, and went always by twos or
threes. There was not one of us who did
not shudder at the mention of this mysteri-
ous Death.

      NOW Pedro had recovered from
his bullet-wound and was back at
work with me, we had many talks
about this thing which we called the
Death, but none of them got us anywhere.
Yet, through these talks, we got into the
habit of being together, and where one of
us went the other went too. So when I
was told to go to headquarters and fetch
back some things that were needed in our
work, Pedro came with me. At the head-
quarters I got what we had been sent for
and, as the things were few, I gave them
over to Pedro to put into the canoe while
I told the coronel how all was going at our
tamo up the river. When I came out and
saw our canoe I was astonished. It seemed
to be full of supplies.

  “What is this, Pedro?” I asked.

  He smiled his odd smile, and answered:
“It is bait. The boxes and bags are
filled with trash.” And as I stared at him
he added: “The Death strikes at men with
full canoes, Lourengo. I would see what
this Death looks like.”

  “Are you mad?” I cried angrily. “Is
there not danger enough without inviting
more?”

  “Perhaps so,” he said, his brown eyes
dancing. “If you are afraid, we will leave
this bait behind.”

  Of course that silenced me, as he knew
it would. We pushed off and paddled
away with our worthless cargo. After
we swung into our long-distance stroke
some of his recklessness crept into me too,
and I began to look forward to meeting
the Death and fighting it.

  The only thing we did meet, however,
was far from what we half expected. At a
place where a slow, quiet creek flowed into
the river, a soft call came to us, and as we
looked we saw standing there an Indian
woman. We held the canoe steady and
stared at her.

  She was a magnificent woman, for she
was tall and shapely, deep-bosomed and
full-hipped, and she looked as strong as a
man; her face, too, was really handsome.
She laughed and beckoned to us. Pedro
laughed back, waved his hand and asked
her what she would have of us; she made
some answer, but we could not understand
it, for we did not know her tongue. Then
she waved to us again to come ashore.

  Pedro, who was in the bow, drove his
paddle into the river to do so, but I backed
The Spider

129

water and held the canoe where it was,
for, though the things we had been sent
for were few, they were badly needed at
our tambo and we were under orders to
waste no time. When Pedro scowled at
me I reminded him of this and told him I
had had enough of his foolishness and that
we would go on at once. Still, we stayed
there a few minutes, out on the water,
while he and the woman talked back and
forth without understanding each other
at all. Then we went on, paddling fast
to make up for lost time.

  The sight of this woman had surprized
us much, for we knew of no Indians along
that stream—their country was farther
west and south. Had she been a man it
would not have seemed so strange, for the
savages are rovers and hunt for long dis-
tances away from their homes; but a woman,
all alone on the bank, was something to be
wondered at. We puzzled about her as
we went on and concluded that a band of
the Indians must be living near the stream
for a time, as she certainly would never be
there unless some men were about. As I
have said, she was the only person we saw
on all our trip. The mysterious Death
never molested us. So, when we neared
our journey’s end, I said:

  “Let us now throw this bait overboard.
It has caught no fish.”

  “Very well,” said Pedro, and we drew up
to the bank to do so.

  But suddenly, as he reached for the first
bag, a strange look dawned in his face, as
if a great thought had struck him.

  “Lourengo!” he said hoarsely. “That
woman—I wonder if she too was bait!”

  I frowned at him, wondering what he
meant, but he did not explain. Instead,
he said:

  “We will not throw away our bait. We
will hide it and use it again. Say nothing
of the woman, Lourenfo. I have an idea,
and later you shall know what it is.”

  So we hid all the trash beside the water,
and marked a tree so that we could find it
again, and went on to the tambo.

  Now in this gang of ours there was a
silent, surly man who had been a lone
rubber-picker in very wild parts of Peru
and Bolivia, and who knew Indian tongues.
He was said to be a refugee from both coun-
tries because he had killed men there, and
most of us left him alone as much as
ssible.

  Now I observed, however, that Pedro
was with him a good deal. Pedro was the
sort of man who can make friends with
any one, and even this sour, suspicious killer
liked him. What they talked about Pedro
did not tell me, and I asked 110 questions.
This went on for a time, and then one night
Pedro took the gang-boss aside and talked
with him. After that he came and told me
to clean my rifle and prepare to go down-
river, and in the morning we went.

  At the place where the marked tree stood
we got our bait again, and arranged it so
that it looked much different than before.
Then we went on down-stream, ready for
anything that might come, but nothing
came.

  When we reached the place where we
had seen the woman, we held the canoe,
and Pedro gave an odd cry like a bird. I
recognized the call as one he had been
practising since he began talking wfth the
Peruvian outlaw. We listened, but neither
heard nor saw anything, so we went on.
At intervals he called again, and at last
there floated back the same call from the
jungle. We stopped the canoe where it
it was. Pedro called again, and again
came the reply. Soon a figure appeared
among the trees, and we saw the savage
woman.

  “Hold your rifle ready, Lourenfo,” he
whispered.

  I seized the gun and cocked it, watching
the shore. He began to talk to the woman,
using strange words which meant nothing
to me, but which she evidently understood,
for she responded at once. Now I saw why
he had spent so much time with the man
from the west who knew Indian languages.
He had been learning how to speak the
savage dialect himself.

  She laughed, that woman, and chattered
eagerly to Pedro and waved to us to come
to her. But that we did not do. Pedro
shook his head, and once he pointed up-
stream and said more things.

  After a time he began to paddle again
and went 011 down the river and left her
behind. We passed around a bend and
then another, and when we were well out
of sight, he turned the canoe toward the
shore—across the river from the bank where
the woman had stood. At a good place we
landed, and there he arranged our cargo
again to suit himself. He laughed at all
my questions and made no answer, but his
130

Adventure

eves sparkled, and his face was alive with
his thoughts, though at times he looked
a little puzzled and doubtful, too.

  When he was ready we went back up-
stream. This time he gave no call, and
we paddled steadily until we reached that
place where first we had seen the woman.
There he turned toward the little creek,
and as we neared it I saw her again. Pedro
had made tryst with her and now he
stepped out on land and went boldly to her.
I stayed in the canoe.

  “I think there is no danger here, Lou-
rengo,” he said, “but be alert.”

  He talked more with her while I watched
them and everything around them. As
before, she chattered and laughed with him,
and I could see that she admired him much,
which was not strange, for men admired
him too—he was so tall and straight and
strong.

  I saw also that he was questioning her,
and that she was not answering all his
questions. Once she wanted to look at
the stuff in our boat, but I warned her off,
and Pedro himself held her arm and stopped
her.

  Finally he stepped back into the canoe,
and we went on up-river until we were
out of sight. There we picked a place
to camp and stayed there that night,
lighting no fire.

  Before we slept, he told me that the
woman was living in the jungle with a man,
but what sort of a man he was or where
he lived she would not tell him. This man,
she said, was away somewhere that day,
and what he was doing she did not know.
When Pedro asked her if she would lead
us to the man’s camp she refused. Then
she asked what we had in our boat, and
he told her they were supplies for a new
camp. It was then that she tried to look
at them and we prevented her. After that
she asked where this new camp was, and
he told her at a certain place well up the
river, where there really was no camp and
where none was intended. In leaving her,
he told her he would not work the next day
because it was his birthday, and he would
come to meet her again at the same place.

  “I ask you again, Pedro,” I said, “what
is the meaning of all this? And why are
you so interested in this savage woman?”

  “Louren$o.” he answered, “we are now
not very far from headquarters. All of
our five friends whom the Death has struck

have disappeared not far from headquar-
ters—or so I believe. The place where we
first saw that woman is not far from head-
quarters. The place where she answered
my call today is still nearer to headquarters.
More than that, she answered from a spot
very near where Antonio Maciel vanished.
Now there is a riddle for you to puzzle over.
I am.going to sleep.”

IN THE morning we took out all
our bait and put it into the bush.
Pedro sat a while and watched the
creeping shadows, and, when it was time,
we went down the river again. As we
paddled along I said:

  “Pedro, if this woman has anything to
do with the Death, as you believe, then
we are fools to meet her again where you
agreed, for we are likely to go into a trap
and never come out.”

  He laughed and replied—

  “If the Death is what I think it is, it is
now up the river seeking that new camp
of which I told her, and so it can do us
no harm.”

  He seemed to be right, for the woman
awaited us, and they talked again for some
time, and nothing at all happened. I could
see that she was very much taken with my
handsome companion, but, as before, he
could not make her answer all his questions.
After we left her he said:

  “She is no fool, Lourengo, for all that
she seems so simple. Still, I think that in
the end we shall learn what we want to
know.”

  When I suggested that we hasten matters
by going straight to the place where she
had answered his bird-cry and searching the
jungle there, he snorted and replied:

  “Oh, yes, surely. That was just what
Antonio was doing—searching the bush at
that place. And there were more men in
his party than in ours. Have patience,
comrade, and do not jump in the dark.”
This silenced me.

  We hid for the rest of that day and that
night, and then we went to meet her again—
for the last time, as it turned out. She
seemed sulky, and when he tried to put
her in better humor she answered crossly,
and we saw that something had happened
since we left her. Yet Pedro finally coaxed
her into a cheery mood and she began to
smile and give him soft looks.

  Later I learned that she had blurted out
The Spider

that he was lying to her because there was
no camp where lie had said. Of course,
that instantly showed him that his shrewd
guess had been right, and that she or her
man had sought that camp. He was not
foolish enough to let her see his thought,
however, and he told her that the plans
had been changed and the new camp was
being made at another place. After that
they talked on for some time, and he told
her how handsome she was and so on.

  I was crouched in the canoe, as usual,
watching everything like a cat, and listening.
All at once my ear caught a tiny sound in
the bush—a soft rustle as if something
had brushed stealthily against some leaves.
Pedro and the woman were talking low,
and I put all my attention on that little
sound. It might be only a wandering
breeze, a crawling snake or some other
natural thing, but I had to be sure. Soon
I heard it again, very soft, and I knew
something was creeping nearer to us.
Then, at a place where the tangle was very
thick, I saw a slight movement caused by
something about the height of a man.

  “Take care, Pedro!” I shouted.

  Like a flash he dodged and leaped forward,
landing several feet away. Like a flash an
arrow sped through the place where he had
been. I threw up my rifle and fired
straight at the spot where I had seen the
movement; but even as my finger pressed
the trigger I knew the bullet had missed,
for a violent shaking of leaves showed that
the man there had thrown himself sidewise.
Then, while I was throwing another cart-
ridge into the barrel, the killing of that
man was taken out of my hands.

  The woman sprang at the bush. In
one hand she held Pedro’s machetc, which
she had snatched from his belt. With that
weapon she hacked and stabbed in a furv
that was terrible to see. I caught glimpses
of a body writhing under her and heard a
snarl, a broken scream and a groan. Then
the body lay still and we heard no sound but
the slash of the long knife through the leaves
as the woman struck and struck and struck.

  For a moment Pedro and I were para-
lyzed. Then Pedro seized her and twisted
the dripping machete from her hand. I
jumped ashore, and while she stood shaking
and sobbing with rage we dragged the body
out and looked at it.

  “For Deus!” muttered Pedro. “The
Spider!”

YES, senhores, it was the Spider.
He was a frightful thing to look at,
but he was the Spider—the man
whom we had thought dead and who now
truly was so. Even in death he looked
the Spider, for his arms and legs were
crumpled up as if something had smashed
him. From his belt hung a narrow bag
made from a skin, ami in it were several
arrows. Stepping into the place where
his woman had killed him, we found his
bow—a short, clumsy but powerful weapon
that could drive an arrow clear through a
man at close range.

  While we were looking at this we heard a
dragging sound and stepped out in time to
see the last of the Spider. With one hand
the woman was hauling him to the river.
There she picked him up as if he were only
a monkey, swung him and threw him out
into the water.

  He struck and sank with a soggy splash.
A moment later the water began to seethe
and boil. We knew the piranhas, those
ravenous cannibal fish, were swarming
upon him and chopping him into frag-
ments. So thick were they that some of
them were crowded up into the air, snapping
their jaws like traps. A red stain grew on
the surface and slowly drifted down the
current with that hellish boiling going on
under it. Before long, though, the water
grew quiet again, and the red stain floated
out of sight.

  Then the woman looked at Pedro. The
hatred faded out of her face, her fierce
eyes softened and she took his hand and
led us away into the jungle. We traveled
for some distance and stopped at length
in a place where Pedro looked about and
said—

  “This is where Antonio disappeared.”

  We could not see anything strange,
though at one spot the tangle of vines
and bush was very thick and matted to-
gether, as it may be anywhere in those
forests. The woman saw we were puzzled
and she walked up to that tangle—and sud-
denly she was gone. But she called, and
we followed her. And as we reached the
matted vines a part of them moved out-
ward like a door, and there she was, laugh-
ing like a little girl playing a game.

  Senhores, that was the Spider’s nest—a
lair made from the growing bushes and vines
so cunningly twisted and woven among
themselves that a man could stand within
132

Adventure

ten feet of it and never suspect that it was
a shelter and hiding-place. If ever there
was a great trap-door spider’s nest, that
was it.

  The man Schwartz had followed the trap-
door spider’s example inside his den, as
well as outside. That spider, as you prob-
ably know, not only makes a door which
swings shut behind him, and covers that
door with things that grow around it, but
he also makes a secrct pocket at the side of
his nest, where he can hide if any enemy
discovers his lair. And the Spider had
done this also.

  At one side of his den the ground rose,
and there he had dug a hole and covered it
over with the growing things so that
nobody would ever know it was there. It
was not meant to hide in, though, but to
conceal the things he took from murdered
men. In that hole, when the woman
showed it to us, we found all the property
of Custodio, Gumercindo, Saldanha and
the brothers Maciel. There was Gumer-
cindo’s money, the supplies taken from the
others and their weapons and even their
clothes. But of the men themselves there
was no sign anywhere.

  When Pedro asked the woman what had
become of the men, she said that after the
Spider killed them and stripped them of all
they had, he did with them just what she
had finally done to him—threw them to
the piranhas, which quickly destroyed
them.

  Their canoes, she said, he hid until
night, when he took them far up the quiet
little creek where we had first seen her, and
there, where neither flame nor smoke
would be seen by any one, he burned them—
all except the light, fast canoe of Custodio,
which he concealed very cunningly and
used himself. In this he made his spying
trips, going at night and staying away for
a day or two. No doubt he had been al-
most beside us more than once, lying low,
watching and listening with that spidery
patience of his and learning whom he
might kill with profit.

  In all these murders, the woman said, he
used the bow and arrow which was silent
and easy enough to handle at close range.
In all the killings except that of Antonio
Maciel he made her lure the men ashore at
some place where he lurked, ready to
strike them down. To Custodio, Lucas
and Saldanha she had called and showed

herself, just as she did to us, and they came
to her and so to their death. Gumercindo
was caught in another way, for he was a
shrewd man and was hastening home and
thus was not so likely to tarry for any
savage woman. The Spider had had her
stay out of sight, though near the water,
and scream as if in great danger. Gum-
ercindo, like a brave fellow he was, sped to
shore and dashed into the bush to save the
one who was in such distress. He was
shot in the back for his pains.

  Antonio Maciel was killed because he was
coming straight at the Spider’s nest with his
machete ready to cut through what he took
for a natural tangle. Through a small
opening in the side of his den the Spider
shot him and dragged him swiftly inside, so
that when the other men arrived they found
nothing but the last place where he had cut
his way. That was some distance back
from where he died.

  We learned, too, that Pedro and I were
to have been the next victims, if we had
come near enough. The Spider had a
place down-stream where he could watch
what went on at headquarters across the
river, and he saw Pedro load up the canoe
with what looked like many supplies, and so
hastened back and made the woman run to
that place at the creek and play her part
when we passed on our return. While she
tried to bring us ashore he lurked ready
to kill us, but when we refused to come
he was too wise to attack us at a distance,
so he let us go.

  So Pedro’s foolish bait caught some-
thing after all, though even he did not sus-
pect that the Spider still lived. He carried
that bait to see what might come of it and
later he believed that the Death was some
Indian.

 When we came back and Pedro had
given the bird-call of her people, she was
alone, for the Spider was away somewhere
spying, and she wanted us to come ashore
only because she was hungry to talk with
the man who could speak her own tongue.

  After she left us at the creek she told
the Spider, on his return, of our new camp
and all our new supplies. He went seeking
it, came back angry and beat her. From
that time on she told him nothing more of
us but met Pedro secretly. She did not
know that the Spider had followed her on
that last day until Pedro jumped, and the
arrow flashed by him. Then her hatred
Big Medicine

133

of the Spider, which had long been growing
in her, flamed out in the fury that destroyed
him.

  She had no love for him, but had been
sold to him by her people, whom he had
met by chance in the jungle before he came
back to the river and made his lair. He
gave the headman his rifle for her, she said,
and, though he had used up all his cartridges
so that the gun was useless, the headman
made the trade because women were plenti-
ful in his tribe but guns were very scarce,
and he might be able to get cartridge.

  She told us also that her people knew
where there was gold, and that the Spider
had planned to get much of this gold in
trade for the supplies he took from our men.
Thus, in time, he hoped to become very
rich,'and then, perhaps, would make his
way into Peru, where he was not known,
and where he icould enjoy the wealth

gained through the deaths of honest men.

  So you see, senhores, it was as I told you
at the beginning—this man lived like a
spider and he died like one. If you know
spiders, you know that the female is larger
and stronger than the male, and that often
she turns 011 him and destroys him. The
thing that destroyed this Spider was the
fact that he did not know this big, hand-
some woman’s heart.

  Though I do not claim to know much of
women, yet I have observed a few and I
have noticed that when a man treats a
woman as something bought and paid for,
the time may come when lie had best be-
ware of her. I have noticed, loo, that when
women meet men for whom they care, it
makes little difference whether they are
fine ladies from Rio, or humble maidens of
the village, or savage women of the jungle—
at heart they are all the same.

Author oj “The No-Good Guy,” "The Streak of Lean,” etc.

BIQ

 MEDICINE

 gr

EdgarYoung

TOM FLOOD was the windiest
man in Gatun. He hadn’t hit
town but a few days when some
one allowed that he “sure was
‘big medicine’ to hear him tell it.” “Ala-
bam” Goodloe, who hailed from Kentucky
and talked like a coon, bet a five-dollar gold
piece on Flood’s “come-out” that night in a
crap game down in House 68 on the New
Gatun road.

  Flood threw the double six, the double
ace and the ace deuce the first three shots,
which, in the natural consequence of tilings,
cost Alabam thirty-five dollars, for he was
doubling his bet each time. He then bet
forty and Flood threw the double deuce,

little Joe, for a point. The crowd laughed
at this mess of “slow craps,” for there are
more sevens on a pair of bones than there
are fours, O my brothers.

  Goodloe passed the dice back to Flood
with anything but hope written in his face,
and, as Flood shook diem and pounded
them against his head for luck, Alabam, in
that pleading tone peculiar to a “nachel
bohn” crap-shooter, had called on him as
follows:

  “Looky hyeah, Big Medicine, you bettah
had make that ah-uh joah! Shake, rattle
and roll ’em way out!” Sundry other re-
marks followed in crap-shooter jargon.

  The faders shouted with laughter. Some
134

Adventure^

looked quickly for signs of anger in Flood’s
face at the nickname Goodloe had called
him, for men sometimes do not take kindly
to construction-camp appellations, which
are usually epithetic in character and have
to do with outstanding personal and physi-
cal traits. At that time, we had in Gatun
a “Step-and-a-half,” a “Three Fingers,”
big and little “Baldy,” “Gimpy,” “Slim,”
“Shorty,” and many a “Tex" and “Red,”
with a descriptive adjective preceding, and
a “Cowboy Lawyer” from Tucson.

  Flood, however, caught the joke and
laughed louder than the others, and in a
few days every man in camp knew him as
Big Medicine. Many people on the Zone
never knew what his real name was.

  If a name ever fitted a man this name
fitted Flood. He was big in every way
—six foot three inches of awkwarkness,
big hands, big feet, and the double joints
on his knees and wrists stuck out like
knobs. His face was a brick red and his
thin hair and eyebrows were white as cot-
ton, not from old age but from being born
that way, for he was nearer thirty-five than
forty. His mouth was wide and filled
with short, heavy teeth. His eyes were a
china blue and stared as frankly as those
of a doll’s in a “Kentucky Derby” flimflam
stand at Coney Island.

 He looked outlandish in commissary
khakis. Zone fashions for men ran to stiff
brimmed Stetsons of the same type worn
by the Zone police, and pigskin puttees.
Flood retained his big, round-topped, west
Texas hat with flopping brim, and a pair
of Mexican leggings that snapped on the
side with a steel spring and fastened under-
neath the instep with a buckle and strap;
they extended above his knees in the shape
of a semicircle. When he carried his jacket
on his arm his heavy suspenders caught and
held the eye, for men wore belts on the
Zone.

  And talk? This was the biggest part
about him. His voice was loud and his
laugh a guffaw. His words boomed up and
down the streets and through the flimsy
bachelor quarters, which were unceiled
buildings with partitions running part way
and lattice-work the rest of the way be-
tween the rooms. When he was in one of
these buildings his laugh could be heard in
all the others in that area.

  On the four days following the monthly
tour of the pay-wagon with its yellow money

for white men and white money for yellow
and black men, the coin of two realms itched
like cooties in men’s clothes. Those of the
“gold roll” whose inclinations were toward
games of chance listened for Big Medicine’s
laugh and drifted in for a game of poker or
to shout incantations to the ivory cubes.
And when we were broke, on the other
twenty-six days of the month, we looked for
a crowd on a porch of one of the quarters
and went there to hear Big Medicine shoot
the bull.

  He had been everywhere. He was born1
in a covered wagon somewhwere out in the
Panhandle, and as far back as he could re-
member his “old man” and “old lady” had
been among the first to put out in the direc-
tion of any rumored gold strike, land boom,
or other frontier rainbow’s end. When
finally they had settled on the rockiest and
sandiest patch of land in the Mormon
Valley of Idaho, he, with his natural heri-
tage of gipsy blood, had set forth to ap-
pease his wanderlust in many lands. He
had broken horses and roped steers from
Alberta to Chihuahua, been a railroad
“shack,” miner, stage-coach driver, lumber-
jack, harvest hand, trapper, hunter, Swiss
guide, Quaker medicine man, sailor before
the mast, tropical prospector and tramp,
and explorer in both arctic and antarctic
expeditions.

  He made his advent on the Zone by walk-
ing through from Acaponeta, Mexico,
“stepping out,” as he expressed it, “after a
fashion fast and furious.” Those of us
who had made the same walk listened with
more than casual interest and quizzed him
on the landmarks. He knew the little
turn, the big banyan tree, the deserted
fisherman’s hut, the broken adze, the grass
village; he could not have bluffed. Other
men made shrewd inquiries at the psycho-
logical moment, for the Panama Canal
Zone was a good place to get caught “out
on a limb.” Men who worked there had
been in every nook and corner of the globe.
It was something like the Snug Harbor
Home for sailors on Staten Island, where old
men between seventy and ninety can tell
you the exact telegraph pole and window-
pane in that little obscure port you spoke
about.

  Many of us knew that Flood’s yarns were
consistent. He embellished the truth, he
handled it carelessly, he stretched it out
almost to the breaking point, he tossed it
Big Medicine

135

up and caught it precariously with one
hand behind his back, but he was never
trapped in a bare-faced lie. He was a
master at enlarging an incident until men
held their sides and roared with him, or
stood with gaping mouths as he related
just when, where and how he had been
mixed up in some dramatic occurrence.
He laughed heartily at his funny sallies
and was the big hero in most of the others.

BIG MEDICINE was some sort of
a general foreman down on the rock
storage dump back of New Gatun—
a settlement of saloons, negro tenements,
“silver roll” men with families who did not
care to live in the Government labor bar-
racks, and camp followers who did not work
for the I. C. C. He had several native
straw bosses with gangs of Spaniards and
West Indian blacks working for him and
three American locomotive crane-runners.
The rock trains dumped the stone at the
top and the large chunks either rolled down
at once or were pried loose and started
down by the gangs. At the bottom they
were picked up and reloaded into skips,
placed on cars and taken to the locks and
dumped in with the concrete. Orange-
peel buckets or chains were used by the
craneman.

  Each day’s work and the trip down and
back through New Gatun supplied Flood
with material for hours of yam spinning on
the piazza in the cool of the evening—or at
least when the evening should have been
cool but usually wasn’t. He had heard a
negro wench talking to a sanitary inspector
in patois English; seen two naked kids
fighting; one of the crane-runners had re-
fused a bottle of beer from the water cooler
in Flood’s office, and he had phoned for the
ambulance; a Bajan had delivered a sermon
to a group of others behind the tool house;
he had sent three Castilians for a box of
dynamite and had had to go after them; a
Gallego had made a funny remark in un-
grammatical Spanish—anything. It was
all grist for his story-telling proclivity.

  He had little education, reading and
writing with difficulty, but he had a flow of
picturesque language that was at once
gripping and startling. He brought to the
Zone expressions that remained for months
after he had gone, such as: “Shoot where
he’s standing without giving him time to
jump up;” “claw him from his forehead to

his umbilicus;” “tear him up as if the hogs
had chawed him;” “pull his eyeball out a
foot and flop it back into place and scare
him;” “re-Jake and back at you again with
my stack of yallers,” “just barely,” and the
like.

  And these, dead as they look in cold
print, were replete with meaning in the
mouth of this big, red faced, white eye-
browed man. lie could mimic a Swede,
any type of lime-juicer from a remittance
man to a Liverpool Gorblimme-Bill, a
Western judge, any type of Spaniard, and
almost any other kind of man he had laid
eyes on. North “Caroleenians” he dubbed
“down-homers,” explaining that they all
went to Virginia and spent the rest of their
lives talking about “down home.” East
Texans were “boll-weevils” and “rawzum-
bellies” and they raised “lean do-gie”
cattle, whatever kind of cattle that is.

  Life was one big joke shot through with
dramatic incidents, down on the porch of
House 68. No man went inside and went to
bed until Flood did—it wasn’t any use.
That’s how windy he was. Men sometimes
passed the wink when he was spinning his
fighting yarns, and a good one hundred per
cent, said to each other behind his back that
they did not think he would harm a fly; that
he just liked to talk, and no one had ever
seen him sore for so much as a second. It
was out of reason that a man as good-
natured as he was should ever have had
trouble with any man.

  And then a man moved into House 68
who did not seem to take kindly to him.
He also had drifted in over the trail from
somewhwere or other, he didn’t say just
where, and had been running a stiff-leg
derrick down at Mindi and had been trans-
ferred to one of the cranes on Flood’s rock
storage dump. He and Flood had showed
up walking together the first evening he
appeared at House 68 and that night he had'
been one of the cirtle gathered around Big
Medicine. After that they did not show up
together, and when the group gathered, this
newcomer sat far at the other end by him-
self. We took it for granted that Flood
had given him a call on the job and that he
was peeved about it.

  He was as big a man as Flood, but of a
different type. He was tall and rangy,
swarthy of complexion, with a small, waxy,
black mustache, quiet as a grave, dangerous
as a machine-gun, boasting of his prowess as
136

Adventure

a fighter by his silence more than Flood did
by his words. He passed no wink but he
often turned and listened gravely with a
half sneer on his lips when Flood made some
particularly bald assertion in regard to some
fight or other, and it seemed that fighting
had become the theme of the majority of
Big Medicine’s tales with himself the fight-
ing son of a gun from way back.

  Those who saw he doubted Flood’s
stories had little use for him. They, them-
selves, looked on them as things to be taken
with a sprinkling of bichloride of sodium in
spots; but he was a good entertainer. He
was a sort of vaudeville performer, and no
one expected the exact truth to the letter.
No man ever went to a picture show in the
Y. M. C. A. while Flood lived in House 68.

   Flood wasn’t afraid of this newcomer’s
opinion, or didn’t appear to be. He would
tell some outlandish story of fighting and
gun-play where he was the big It and then
he would rear back in his chair and peer
through the bunch to see how the crane-
man took it. He told us in a loud aside
that the stranger was “Nig” Barberly, an
ex-tinhorn from Salina Cruz, and that he
was “pizen and meaner’n a kyotie.”

   Further, he said little in answer to whis-
pered queries other than that they had never
been good friends and had had words on the
job over the work, and that some day he
reckoned he would empty a gun into Nig’s
carcass so fast it would “cut him right off
at the top of the pockets.”

   Barberly heard this and walked into his
room, soon to return with a bristling
cartridge-belt buckled around him. Every
man in the crowd noticed this, but Flood
was in the midst of a yarn that required all
his attention when Barberly reappeared.

   From this time on we noticed that the ill
feeling seemed to grow more pronounced
on both sides, Flood raising his voice many
times for Barberly’s particular benefit,
Barberly growing more silent and sneering
in his solitary chair at the other end of the
porch.

  These porches, by the way, were four
rooms long and were heavily screened with
bronze mosquito-wire. The screen door
was just opposite the door to the house in
the center—information little required by
men who know Gatun and the road that
wound around the top of the hill to New
Gatun. As a rule Flood’s end of the piazza
was crowded with men who either lived in

House 68, or neighboring quarters, or paused
on their pilgrimage to New Gatun and re-
mained to get an ear-full.

ONE evening after supper we fore-
gathered as usual. It was during
the dry season and the red sun hung
poised a few feet over the Caribbean down
beyond Colon, for the sun sets in the At-
lantic from the C. Z. It was hot and some
men lolled in pajamas and some in gaudy
silk kimonos they had won in Chinese raffles.
Flood had pulled his leggings and shoes off
and sat in his shirt sleeves with his heavy
braces thrown down from his shoulders.

  Hotter than the setting sun were his
yarns of battles on blackbirders down in
the South Seas when he was the bosom pal
of old Cap. Durfee. Blood flowed, snarling
lipped men sprang upon each other and
beat and mauled and slashed to a fare-ye-
well. Desert sands glowed white under the
boiling sun, and along trails dotted with
human skulls daring men ventured, with
Flood usually in the lead; bands of swash-
buckling revolutionists attacked and
smashed the enemy, fighting valiantly and
sapping their way through intervening
buildings.

   Through mad stampedes in the far North
we surged, flogging the lagging huskies with
the singing whips. Sheath knives gleamed
greasily in the murky light cast by swinging
forecastle lamps as with a table leg we
met the onrush of pockmarked Portuguese
sailors. We shivered and munched gum
drops and ate dried pemmican at the two
poles of the earth. The ice groaned and
upheaved beneath us, and outside our
igloos of snow the wolf dogs howled mourn-
fully.

   Flood painted with a lavish brush. But
colder than the arctic or ’antarctic wastes
sat Nig Barberly at the other end of the
porch, swarthy faced, silent and sneering.

   At the conclusion of one of Flood’s nar-
ratives he took his feet down from the rail-
ing, cleared his throat, spat through the
screening and turned his chair half around
in our direction. He expelled the air from
his lungs in a contemptuous grunt.

   Flood reared up and looked across at him
for a few seconds like an angry lion. Then
he began telling about beating up a certain
individual in Salina Cruz. He took great
pains on the personal description of this
individual, painting him as a tall, lanky
Big Medicine

137

man, black-mustached, silent to surliness,
underhanded, mean, low-down, and very
dangerous in the cunning way of a snake in
dog days. His description fitted Barberly
so well that most of us were dividing our
attention between the story and watching
how Nig would take it.

  Flood elaborated. He had just ended a
sentence about said party in question being
so "honery” that he would “beat up his own
granny” and “take up sprouted corn” when
we noticed Barberly’s face contort into lines
of horrible ferocity. His white teeth
gleamed through his snarling lips. A
volley of oaths roared from his lungs as he
cursed Flood for every liar and so-and-so
imaginable.

  big Medicine sprang three feet in the air
and went for him all spraddled out, whoop-
ing like an Indian. Barberly whipped out
two .45 Colts and began shooting from both
hips.

  Alabam Goodloe always denied being
the first to jump through the screen, for
it was torn off the entire end of the porch
by the swarming crowd. Some ran up the
road toward the eating-house and some ran
down the road toward New Gatun and some
ran around and watched proceedings, their
morbid curiosity to see bloodshed and
slaughter getting the better of their judg-
ment.

  I was one of these latter and when I got
out in the road Flood was writhing on the
door in horrible fashion and groaning like a
stricken bull. He struggled to his knees
and from the recesses of his shirt and pants
drew forth a sawed-off shotgun with the
stock whittled into a pistol handle—the
most ghastly shooting-iron that any man
ever laid eyes on. When both barrels
went off it sounded like the premature blast
in Culebra Cut the time Teddy was
down.

  I was nearing the hospital on the hill be-
tween there and New Gatun when 1 heard
live feeble little shots like a pop-gun from
back in that direction, but I didn’t turn to
look back. I was on my way for the ambu-
lance and in my heartfelt desire to get help
as soon as possible had forgotten that there
was a phone in the hook and ladder house a
few doors above House 68. Had I remem-
bered, it is doubtful whether I would have
tried to use the phone, for the girls were
very popular and connections hard to get
after the men had left off work on the job.

A FEW evenings later, when Flood
narrated the incident to an unusu-
ally large bunch on the porch, he
gave what I hadn’t seen as follows:

  “Me and Nig both fell sprawlin’ and the
few that hadn’t yet joined the bird gang
showed signs of speed and tore up the
ground getting away. Them big poky dot
suits bellied out behind and them red
shimmies stuck back like table tops. I
hyeard women screaming as they passed
them four-family houses above the eatin’
house. I peers down the road and they’s a
motley crew of them hittin’ the high spots in
that direction with Sandy working in the
lead in a suit of B. V. D.’s turning sideways
to keep from flyin’. I look straight down,
below and see Slim and “Banjer-Pickin”
Charley tearin’ through the swag for the
Z. P. station, buckjumpin’ the high weeds
and ditches.

  “This has all took place in a second and a
quarter and we’re yet holdin’ our mouths
with our hands to keep from squallin’ and
laughin’; and we’re faunching and wringing
and twisting all over the floor and makin’
funny noises in our throats at the joke we’ve
sprung when Nig and I both glances up and
sees something that puts that supper
we’ve ate right against our epiglotis.

  “They’s an arm poked out the winder,
weavin’ back and forth, and death, hell,
and the grave pintin’ in our general direc-
tion in the shape of a New York bull-dog
pistol with the barrel an inch and a six-
teenth long and the caliber of Ped’Migel
tunnel. Whoever he is ain’t lookin’ out
but squallin’ on his hunkers on the inside
and aimin’ to shoot l>e-guess and be-god.
I reckon he knows his weapon, for them bull-
dogs spit and shave lead and kick and are
dangerous at all points of the compass when
they go off.

  “As the hammer begins to raise, me and
Nig puts for the screen door on our all
fours, like a couple of bears before a Kansas
cyclone. Nig swears he straddled me and
rode me out the door. I remember dis-
tinctly that I thought he was that little
Six-Bits I jode for Lew Warren in Prickly
Pear Valley out near East Helena and I
skinned both heels spurring Nig’s cartridge-
belt. He buckjumped from the door to the
ground and I reached for leather but there
warn’t none and he throwed me. First
time I was ever throwed by man or beast,
and I’ve forked Catalo in my time and rode
138

Adventure

steers in town fairs. We dove under the
house side by side.

  “That old bull-pup says bowie up above
and they’s a chunk of lead as big and flat
as a dollar digs a gopher hole between our
heads, and they’s an aftermath of shavings
and sawdust pours down on us. Nig rolls
one way and me t’other and we hear three
more shoots shot and the balls a-tearin’ out
through the ceiling and the tin roof, and we
know the old short nose is performing true
to form.

  “At the fourth shot, whoever had the gun
has throwed it from him, and it bounces out
the door into the road. Nig claims he seen
the hammer strike a rock, but from where I
lay the gun appeared to twirl around and
take due and deliberate aim at the upper
left-hand corner of my shirt pocket. I seen
the hammer raise, heard her click, and see
her go off. She jumped three feet and a
quarter in the air, and a Trinidad nigger in
my gang says it knocked the bean pot square
out of his female’s hand, just this side of
the reservoir.

  “By the time we gels sealed on the steps
and i’ve taken out a deck of kyards. and
begin dealin’ us a friendly hand of seven up,
all of Gatun, New Gatun, half of Mindi,
and a quarter of Mount Hope is foggin’ in
our direction. I reckon it’s a good thing
that, although I’m a man of few words, I
can hand out a good single-handed line of
talk when I’m forced to.

  “I staved off the ambulance men who was
for talcin’ us to the hospital, the Z. P. who
wanted to jug us, the sanitary inspector
who wanted to lick us for tearin’ the
screenin', the colonel and the major who
wanted to fire us, and our fellow house-mates
who wanted to kill us. It took seven
quarts of Sunnybrook before we declared
peace among ourselves and with the world
in general at midnight.”

  Although I heard Big Medicine tell the
yarn a dozen times, adding various new
lights to it on each repetition, I never heard
him mention how we found “Sinbad the
Sailor,” a little hunchbacked New York
Jew named Sindeband, at a late hour
wedged in behind a clothes closet shivering
and crying with fright, thinking he’d shot
Nig Barberly in defending Flood from him.
Sinbad thought the world of Big Medicine
and many’s the tale Flood afterward spun
for his particular benefit.

  Finally Big Medicine sprung the big sur-
prize when Jumbo, the blacksmith, got on a
rampage and climbed his frame down in
front of the eating-house. Men who saw it
claimed there never was such another fight
south of the Rio Grande River, for they
fought for an hour. Flood licked big
Jumbo to a standstill, and the two of them
went down into New Gatun to have a drink
together. There’s exceptions to all rules
and we had to acknowledge that Big
Medicine was one of them.

NIGHT ON THE DESERT

          BY W. H. GARDNER

               An acrid hint of ozone, and far-flung
               The cold pure vault of heaven hung
               With incandescent worlds.

              A light keen breath of new-born breeze.

               'Twixt purple sky and purple plain a frieze
               Of bordering buttes.

              At foot, white sand all luminous—a dearth
              Of sound or life—a moon-like earth.

              An inorganic world.
THE DRAGONS CLAW

             A Complete Novelette
   *J. Allan Dunn

Author of "Death's Carpenter," “The Pearls of Paruki," etc.

CHAPTER I

THROATS IN PERIL

THE puzzling, intermittent flashes
came again, distinctly, as Neill
McNeill, with his back to the
sun that was just lifting above
the horizon that rimmed the golden-brown
desert, gazed with a troubled forehead at
the spot where the phenomenon had ap-
peared. He did not like it, he told himself,
even while he strove to find some natural
explanation for the dazzling streaks that
came, irregularly enough, yet with a pre-
cision that hinted at some systematic
method of production, flickering like minia-
ture lightning from the low western hills
whence their little caravan had recently
emerged.

  It might be caused, he thought, by the
level rays of the rising sun shot back from
the shoulder of a ledge heavily flaked with
mica, shifting from the various facets with
the changing angle of the golden beams, but
he had not noticed any indications of mica
in those sandstone hills and he was apt to
notice such things. It was his business as a
professional traveler and adventurer to do
so.

  Another series of the Hashes started and
flickered out, and McNeill shook his head
slightly.

  “I’m hanged if I like it,” he said just
above his breath. “Looks as if some one
were signaling in Morse, though if it were
Morse I could read it; it may be a Chinese
code at that. If so, who are they talking

to? There’s something fishy about this
hurried return trip. The old boy was in
too much of a hurry to get back to Peking
and—I wonder!”

  His gaze wandered over the sleeping
camp. Two mangy camels, sulky even in
their sleep, lay with their heads stretched
out. on snaky necks. A dozen pack and
saddle horses, dwarfed and shaggy, stood
dejectedly about at the end of their
pickets.

  By the side of his own dog-tent was the
humped canvas where Howard' Remsden
snored on one side of a primitive screen
while, on the other, his stepdaughter,
Helen, slumbered far more gracefully and
easily. Spoked out around the ashes of
last night’s fire sprawled half a dozen Mon-
gols. As McNeill looked keenly at these,
counting them, first one and then another
writhed and twisted in the sleep that was
already beginning to be disturbed by the
sun. There had been a long Irek the night
before, and man and beast had been ex-
hausted before the dry camp had been
pitched.

  Suddenly McNeill gave vent to a short
exclamation and swiftly, silently passed over
the sand, soft and line as ashes, closer to the
lire and the sprawling Mongols. His Ups
parted in a smile as he peered closely at
the nearest figure—lifeless, a huddle of
clothes and dirty sheepskin.

  “Neat trick that,” he told himself.
“Slipped out of his duds. Now then-”

  His practised eyes easily picked up the
trail of sandal-prints that led from the
group, over low waves of sand that so
140

Adventure

blended in the strong, level light as to give
a false suggestion of flatness.

  His hand dropped to an automatic, bol-
stered at his right hip, as he swiftly crouched
to a kneeling position, one hand supporting
him, the other 011 the grip of his gun, while
he stretched his neck and looked over the
crest of a shady billow.

  His dark blue eyes matched the hue of the
steel of the pistol, gleaming- through nar-
rowed lids at the almost naked figure that
squatted on the farther slope facing the
spot where the flashes had shown in the
hills. A brown, long-lingered hand clutched
a disc of polished silver lilted so as lo catch
the sun-rays flaring off at premeditated in-
tervals, a long or short glare of intense light
as the curving hand rocked back and forth
on the supple, sinewy wrist.

  One flash caught McNeill fairly in the
eyes and made them water. He noiselessly
shifted his angle and then inched back, rose
upright, strode past the Mongols and dived
into his dog-tent from which he almost im-
mediately emerged and started to shout at
the sleeping men in their own dialect, with a
vigor that soon brought some semblance of
concerted action from them. A fire was
started and preparations made for the
morning meal.

  The man who had been manipulating the
silver mirror appeared, yawning as he came
over the low dunes. He was of the northern
clans, a giant in stature, as tall as McNeill,
even broader-shouldered and with arms that
swung his hands close to the knee-caps. A
long knife, unsheathed, flashed red on his
thigh. He hailed McNeill with a morning
greeting, and the latter responded with jaws
that shut grimly after the Salutation.

  “It’s the first time I ever saw them mir-
ror-talk in China,” Neill was thinking, “but
there’s no reason why they shouldn’t.
Lots of things I haven’t seen and never will.
And those priests-?

  “We’ll start in fifteen minutes. Ling,” he
said to the tall headman. “We’ll drink tea
and eat after we get on the march.”

  Ling’s mask of old ivory did not change,
but his voice was gently deprecatory.

  “The master and his daughter are not
yet arisen!” he said. “The beasts are
tired.”

  “That is my affair!” snapped McNeill.
“I am your master in this business and
you have your orders. See that you
obey!”

  He could sense that the rest of the Mon-
gols had suddenly stiffened in their atti-
tudes, temporarily frozen, keen to some
tenseness in the situation and the whip-
like crack of McNeill’s voice. From Ling’s
agate eyes showed a momentary gleam that
might have been the light of any of a dozen
emotions, none of them friendly. The
gleam died before the steady light in the
coldly blue orbs of McNeill. Ling turned
away with the ghost of a shifting grin on his
yellow face. To his shrill syllables two of
the men shuffled off toward the camels and
three others after the horses.

  A flap in the humpback tent of native
design was thrown back, and a girl came out,
slim in her brown holland riding togs,
putteed, helmeted with a pith topcc, her skin
slightly tanned, her eyes even bluer than
McNeill’s and her hair yellow as ripe corn.
She was barely up to McNeill’s shoulder,
but there was no suggestion of delicacy
about her slender figure or the free vigor
with which she walked towards him.

  “I suppose there is no water to spare for
anything but tea,” she said. “Not for
myself, though I am gritty and grimy to the
last degree, but father is fussing about
shaving.”

  McNeill ran his fingers over the stiff red
stubble of his own lean jaws and grinned.

  “Not a chance of it before nightfall,” he
answered. “I wish you’d ask him to hurry.
We’ve got to be moving. Have to eat in
the saddle this morning.”

  She looked at him inquiringly but turned
and went back to the tent while McNeill
gazed after her admiringly. Then he
wheeled. Ling had come up behind him
noiselessly.

  “Well?” asked McNeill.

  “One of the camels is very sick—too sick
to travel.”

  “Slit its throat and leave all its load. We
can get along without tents for the next
three nights.”

  Ling looked at bun evilly.

  “Four of the horses are badly galled,” he
said. “Three more are sick. We have
come too far, too fast. We must rest.”

  “You know we are short of water,” said
McNeill. “Why do you disobey my or-
ders?”

  “It is not possible to obey them, O, my
overlord,” answered Ling, his face deferen-
tial, eyelids down, his soft voice impudent.

  Back of him the Mongols had gathered in
The Dragon’s Claw

141

a half-ring, looking covertly out of almond
eyes that glittered like those of snakes.

  McNeill’s left arm shot out, caught the
waist-cloth of Ling and drew the giant to-
ward him. Ling’s right hand shot down
to the haft of his knife, but, swifter still,
McNeill had drawn his automatic and
jabbed its blunt muzzle hard into the
stomach of the Mongol.

  “You dog,” he said, “drop that knife!
Drop it or-”

  Ling’s unwrinkled lids were wide now.
In his stare came the red light that shoots
from the black opal and tells of hate and
murder. But the knife dropped to the
sand and McNeill put his foot upon it.
Then he swiftly searched Ling for more
weapons, found another knife and a cheap
revolver with three cartridges in the cylin-
der. The shells he tossed far away with a
jerk, flinging the pistol after them.

  “Miss Remsden!” he called.

  The girl came running out of the tent.
Behind her followed a stout man with a
fussy, important face that was scorched
rather than tanned, whose clothes fitted him
badly and became him worse; a bow-legged,
bow-stomached person who most evidently
essayed to be a personage and who strutted
like a gosling. His pale gray eyes were
inclined to pop and now they strained at the
action going forward.

  “What’s this McNeill, what’s this?” he de-
manded in a pompous voice. McNeill paid
no attention to him, speaking to the girl.

  “My rifle—in my tent! And then get
yours!”

  She got the first and sped back for the
second. McNeill stepped back from Ling
who had stood immovable since the drop-
ping of the knife. The muzzle of the rifle
swung in an arc of command about the
semicircle of Mongols.

  “First to move, moves once only,”
warned McNeill. “Now then, Mr. Rems-
den, please go over them carefully and re-
move all their weapons. Miss Helen will
help you cover them one by one as you go
about it.”

  Remsden’s red face had gone patchy and
his hands shook but the nervousness of the
man was evidently purely physical. He
was not a coward and he nerved himself up
to his task, backed by the girl. At
McNeill’s directions he tossed the miscel-
laneous assortment of weapons into a heap.
The latter ordered Ling to make them into

a bundle, using a sheepskin and tying the
package firmly with strips of leather.

  “I’ll carry this,” said McNeill, “till we
come to the first hole, dirt or water. Now
then break camp, leave the tents and heavy
baggage. Saddle up! Jump!”

THEY jumped and McNeill, rifle at
carry, walked to his own tent and
picked up his field-glasses as the
Mongols, spurred into feverish activity,
stripped down the canvas. McNeill fo-
cussed his lenses and looked anxiously to-
ward the western hills. After a little hesi-
tation Remsden camc over to him.

  “What have you found out, Neill?” he
asked. “What was it? A mutiny?”

  McNeill turned on him.

  “I’ll answer you that question,” he said,
“when you tell me what you were up to at
the temple. I suspected something when
you wanted to come away in such a tearing
hurry.”

  Remsden blinked at him from between
his sandy eyelashes.

  “Why there was nothing to stay for any
longer,” he said. “We had seen the ritual.
I had got all I wanted.”

  “I don’t doubt it,” said McNeill. “The
point is, what did you get?”

  Remsden blustered.

  “I employed you as guide and interpreter,
Mr. McNeill, not to poke into my private

affairs.”

  “As things have turned out they are my
private affairs,” said McNeill coldly, “if my
life is my private affair, which I think it is.
To say nothing of your stepdaughter’s life,
I don’t know just how highly you value
your own.”

  He broke off to hasten the final prepara-
tions for departure. The girl was already
mounted. Remsden got patchy again and
then his face flamed angrily.

  “You have given me no explanation,” he
barked. “I repeat that whatever I do on
this trip for which I hired you, has nothing
to do with the contract. What lias hap-
pened?”

  “I caught Ling heliographing to a party
in the hills,” said McNeill briefly. “I
think he was answering orders to delay us.
I took up a collection of their cutlery to
prevent a throat-cutting. I don’t know yet
whether I have succeeded. Look at that
dust cloud there where the sun catches it.
That’s a party after us and they will come
142

Adventure

swiftly. I’ll bet a thousand dollars they
are priests of the Hoang Lung.”

  He caught the shifting of Remsden’s eyes
and nodded.

  “I thought so,” he added. “I don’t
know what you’ve been up to, but it’s
three days to Peking, seventy-two hours,
and just about a seventy-two to one shot
that we don’t get there. Better get on your
horse, Mr. Remsden. Ling, that’s the pass
you talked about last night, isn’t it? How
far is it?”

  He pointed to two dark purple juts low on
the eastern rim of the plain. Ling’s eyes
glinted.

  “Twelve hours,” he said. “If the horses
and camels hold out.”

  “They’ll have to. But we won’t go
that way Ling. We’ll strike south until we
strike the Chang-Li River. We’ll keep in
the gullies out of sight. I’m going to ride
in the rear, Ling, and if I think, or if I
should just happen to think, that you are
trying to signal back any change of our
plans, I’ll shoot the lot of you. I’ll defile
your bodies and leave them to the vultures.
I’ll cut off your queues and burn them to
ashes. Get my meaning? You do? Then
start!”

  Ling snarled like a trapped wolf, openly,
forgetting to mask his feelings. McNeill
grinned back at liim. The girl rode over to
the latter’s side and he changed the grin to
a smile as he surveyed her fearless eyes and
her trim seat on the pony.

  “We are in some danger, Mr. McNeill?”
she asked. He looked at her and frankly
nodded.

  “And then some,” he added, a bit grimly.
“Thank God I’m not afraid to tell you.
But we are going to get out of it all right.”

  “I’m sure of that,” she replied quietly and
rode ahead to join her stepfather.

  McNeill’s smile came back as he surveyed
her. As the little caravan descended into a
shallow ravine with rocks protruding here
and there through the sand like dry bones,
he began to whistle softly. A scrap was for-
ward, and McNeill loved a fight. It was only
when he thought of the girl that the muscles
in his jaws tightened and the whistle was in-
terrupted.

  Back in the western hills the dust cloud
moved swiftly down and out into the plain,
steel points and blades twinkling here and
there as the sun pierced the veil of floating
soil.

 CHAPTER II

IN THE CANON

DOWN in the blackness of the ravine tin
thin thread that still persisted in the
watercourse tinkled over the flinty stones.
The walls of the canon lifted clear and
sheer five hundred feet, dark blots of purple.
The narrow strip of sky above them, as seen
from the floor of this valley, suddenly ap-
pearing in the sandy desert as if the granite
precipices had thrust themselves up through
the yielding soil, was studded with stars.
There was no sound but the sharp voice of
the waters emerging from the sands to lose
themselves again where the ravine ended.

   A perilous ledge led along the western cliff
and passed the black gorge of a cave that
slanted sharply upwards after a brief passage
that ran back level for perhaps a hundred
feet. At the mouth of the cave, rifle across
his knee, sat Neill McNeill, craving for the
smoke he might not permit himself.

  Forty-eight hours had passed since they
left the camp where he had caught Ling
heliographing, and all his senses warned
him that danger was very close at hand.
He knew it from the attitude of Ling and his
followers. Their surliness was lightened;
they had seen, had heard, or smelled some-
thing that liis over-civilized perceptions had
missed. He knew the priests must have
been misled at first but they were indubi-
tably far better mounted than the Remsden
party, and not all McNeill’s skill had been
able to obliterate trails.

  Both nights he had bound the Mongols
hand and foot. By day he herded them.
They were utterly one with the pursuit;
they were eating up the scant supply of food
and at times tried to delay the march, until
McNeill threatened to shoot the first recal-
citrant, but, if he left them free, it would
but be to augment and advise the enemy,
and he had a plan in mind by which
he could still use them, despite their
wishes.

  Both the camels he had killed as too slow,
taking valuable time to bury them deep so
that the clustering carrion birds should not
act as guides. Only two of the horses were
in any shape to travel. Remsden had
ruined two already with his weight and
clumsy riding. The detour had delayed
them, and they were still thirty hours from
the outskirts of Peking. And, until they
The Dragon’s Claw

143

reached the foreign quarter of that city, they
could not reckon themselves safe.

  “Possibly not then,” meditated McNeill,
watching the opposite sky-line.

  There was no trail on the face of the other
cliff, so he covered the ledge on their own
side and was on guard against surprize.
At the end of the straight tunnel Remsden
and Helen lay resting, if not asleep. Ling
and the rest were tucked in a niche, none too
comfortably, and McNeill himself had tied
the soaked hide-strips that fettered them.

  “I wonder,” he went on in thought, “just
what the old boy did back there at the
temple. He was hobnobbing with that
sleek rat, Fung-Ti, who got beaten out for
high-priest at the last Hoang Lung election.
Remsden’s got his own ambitions. He’d
rather be head of the Museum of Philologi-
cal Research than anything in this world, or
the next for that matter. He’d barter all
he has for that, his stepdaughter included.
When it comes down to his own ends he’s a
devil of selfishness. A-ha!”

  He cuddled up his rifle lightly, leaning
forward from the ledge. There was more
than a hint of moonrise across the ravine,
and his ears had caught the clink of metal—
not hoof on stone, since few horses were shod
in that region, but blade or point against
stirrup.

  Then, silhouetted against the radiance of
the eastern sky, back so far from the edge
that only the upper parts of their bodies
showed, there came a file of horsemen.
The riders wore queer, pointed caps and
flowing robes. He could see spears and
guns aslant their shoulders. They rode
fast, and he counted over fifty.

  There was a slight shuffle beside him.
Ling, bound as he was, had wriggled his way
to the front of the cave. His clothes had
caught on something, and the force he had
summoned to break free had betrayed him,
even as he raised his face and opened his
mouth to shout to the dark riders across the
canon.

  With a sidelong sweep McNeill brought
the butt of his gun down on the base of the
Mongol’s skull, and the cry died in his
throat. But it was a close call, and McNeill
patrolled the cave to the niche where he
inspected his prisoners and gagged them
with dirty strips from their own clothes,
threatening them with a knife if they made
the tiniest sound. Then he went back to
where he had left Ling.

  The ledge was empty.

  “Came to and rolled himself over,” Mc-
Neill decided. “Now I wonder just
why.”

  The answer came to him almost imme-
diately. The riders were coming back
again, and McNeill could see two of them
dismount and peer down into the black gulf,
evidently suspicious of the sound they had
heard—the slump of Ling into the canon.
He could have picked them off easily, but
to remain hidden was of paramount impor-
tance. They had but a small supply of
water. Besieged in the cave, they must
soon give in.

  No other sound came from the fallen
Ling who had sacrificed himself in vain to
serve the fierce priests of Hoang Lung.
The smashing drop of a quarter of a thou-
sand feet had beaten the life out of him.

  “They’ll stay till morning,” McNeill told
himself, “and then they’ll find him, un-
less-”

  He went back to the end of the tunnel
where the natural rift narrowed and went
up in a narrow, irregular ramp. Under this
McNeill paused. Once he wetted his finger
and held it up in the darkness. He thought
he could detect a faint stirring of the air.
From the pocket of the coat he wore, for
the night air was chill, he fished out an
electric torch and slipped the switch. The
beam fell on the sleeping face of Helen
Remsden, as she was styled, having adopted
the name of her stepparent. McNeill’s
jaw hardened as he gazed at the beauty that
even the cruel forcing of the last two days’
flight could not eradicate. From an angle
to the right where the tunnel side-pocketed
came the faint stamping of horses and the
reek of their bodies. Then he shifted the
ray to Remsden’s puffy countenance and,
stooping, shook him by the shoulder.

  “Eh, what?”

  “Ssh!” cautioned McNeill. “Come with
me to the cave mouth. 1 want a talk with
you.”

  His tone was imperative and Remsden
yielded to it without further grumbling.
By this time the moon had topped the
further wall and was whitening the ledge
outside. By and by its light would steal
down into the depths and, perhaps, reveal
the body of Ling, sure sign that the white
men were beleaguered near by.

  McNeill thought of climbing down and
either bringing back the body or hiding it
144

Adventure

  beneath loose stones. But, in such dark-
ness, he could not hope to eradicate all
marks of the fall from the sharp eyes that
would surely be seeking for them as soon as
light permitted. There would be spatters
of blood and, in the meantime, there were
other things to do—hopes to work on.
Remsden was one of these latter.

McNEILL tackled his employer
without formality.

 “Remsden, we are in - bad

shape. They’ve got us cornered. The
Hoang Lung crowd has just filed along the
cliff across the way. They are suspicious of
this place and they’ll hang around till
morning. There are only two horses fit to
travel.”

  “How do you know they are the Hoang
Lung crowd? They may be just a band of
robbers with whom Ling was in league.”

  “I’ll bet you know it is the Hoang Lung
outfit better than I do, Remsden. In
point of fact, it doesn’t matter who they are,
so long as they are hostile. If they get us—
well what they do to us two men don’t
count so much. I’ll take good care they
don’t get Miss Helen alive, but they are
nasty devils and their sort of vengeance
don’t stop at death. Now I am pretty
certain you’ve got us in this scrape—
something you’ve done at the temple. If it
was sacrilege we can’t help it now. If
you’ve stolen something, you and that sleek
rat of a Fung-Ti, perhaps they’ll make
terms with us if you give it up. And it’s
up to you to do it.”

  Remsden’s beefy face was rigid with
obstinacy.

  “I’ve done nothing that can be undone,”
he said.

  McNeill, keeping the ray shaded from
without, suddenly threw the light on
Remsden’s face and surveyed him keenly.
The pop-eyes showed only a sullen dogged-
ness.

  “It was all right for you to risk your own
life for whatever you were after,” went on
McNeill, “but, though you told me and told
your stepdaughter you only wanted to wit-
ness the ritual, I don’t believe you. But
now you are risking her life and mine for
that matter. You’ve fooled both of us.
It’s two lives against yours and both of
them younger ones. Ling somehow slid off
this cliff a little while ago,” he went on
moodily. “You might do the same thing.”

  “You mean you would kill me?”

  “If I were sure you had something on you
that would save the girl’s life by giving it
up, I would, without compunction.”
Remsden gulped.

  “You can search me if you like, McNeill.
I’ve got nothing on me. You can search
my baggage, destroy it if you like. You’ll
find nothing. I wanted to see the ritual.

I	may have offended them, but you’re on
the wrong track. There must be some way
out of this. It isn’t just a question of
money, McNeill. I told you I’d give you
a bonus if the trip was satisfactory. I’ll
double that. I’ll triple it if you get me
safe into Peking. That was in the contract
—to guard as well as guide. Get me safe
into Peking, McNeill, and I’ll give you a
thousand dollars. I’ll give you five.”

  “1 wouldn't accept five cents for trying to
save your skin,” said McNeill. “I’ll do the
best I can for you as per contract. Now
you get back to the end of the cave. I’ll
need you presently.”

  “You think we can get away?” asked
Remsden persistently.

  “I said for you to get inside,” said
McNeill so grimly that the stout man crept
obediently away.

  Presently McNeill followed him. The
girl was still sleeping. He switched his ray
into the rift above his head and clambered
up the slanting way. It was some four
feet wide and the sides were damp with
moisture. It narrowed, but he wormed his
way on and then backed down again.

  “It goes through,” he said to himself.
“And it’s all soft earth, I’m fairly certain—
just a landslide. There’s a chance—for her.
And, by the Eternal, we’ll open it up if I
work those Chinks’ fingers to slivers of bone.

  He kicked up the drowsy Mongols, prod-
ding them with a knife in one hand, threat-
ening them with his pistol in the other,
explaining to them what he wanted.

  Soon they were at work with stirrup-
irons, with pots and metal cups, with jagged
cans, one above the other in a living ladder,
digging at the soft soil, passing it down in
improvised sacks and panniers from the
pack animals, working desperately under
McNeill’s supervision. They labored in
the dark, save for occasional spurts of the
torch, but they made good progress.
Remsden watched without speaking to
McNeill who had no time to spare for him,
and then the girl awoke and came feeling
The Dragon’s Claw

145

through the dusk of the cave to see what
was happening. McNeill spared a minute
or so to tell her.

  “They’ll locate us by morning,” he said.
“But they won’t lind us. I was sure I
noted a current of air passing down this
shaft that has filled up in some landslide
during winter rains. It is not at all prob-
able they know of its existence. Once we
break through we can get the ponies up
there and make a clean getaway while they
are trying to rush the ledge or fooling about
in the bottom of the ravine. We can hold
them off from the cave-front indefinitely.”
“As long as we have water,” she corrected.
“There’s moisture enough in that shaft
to keep us going for a while,” answered
McNeill. “But I’ll make shift to show
them our Chinese friends we have with us
and, as long as they think they have us
trapped, they’ll go leisurely about it. In
the meantime you and Mr. Remsden will
be streaking for Peking.”

  “And you, what are you going to do?”
“Me? I’m going to amuse myself giving
a lesson in marksmanship to the Hoang
Lung crowd until I’ve made them very shy
of doing anything else but try and starve us
out. You see they won’t figure we have a
back door and not use it. Then, when
I’ve got them cautious, I’ll come scooting
hotfoot after you two. There’s the Piu-
kiang River ten miles east-by-north, and
there are little villages here and there.
You must buy a boat or steal one and take
to the stream. Steal one if you can, it’ll
leave less trace.”

  “You keep on saying ‘you,’ ” she said.
“You get a boat. We shall wait for
you.”

  “No you won’t,” McNeill answered.
“I may have to strike quite another trail.
Once out, we must scatter and join as best
we can. You stick by your stepfather.
I’ll show up.”

  She was silent for a minute. Then she
objected—

  “There are only two horses that can
travel.”

  “Three,” lied McNeill. “The yellow
pony is feeling fine again.”

  “Are you telling me the truth?” she
asked.

  “Ask Mr. Remsden,” said McNeill.
  “Father!” she appealed.

  '‘Yes, my dear, Mr. McNeill knows what
is best. There are three horses. We must
10

rely upon his judgment. Those coolies are
slacking up I think.”

  McNeill went after the Mongols, and the
girl subsided. He did not dare to leave the
workmen though he dreaded letting the
body of Ling remain in plain sight in the
ravine. Not that it much mattered, he
thought, if they got through the tunnel all
right. His own chance of getting away on
the yellow pony was pretty slim, but his
duty, as he saw it, was to see to the best
chances of the girl and of the man who had
indubitably employed him as guard as well
as guide.

  The current of air was steadily stronger.
Now and then he climbed Up among the
men, blinding them with his light, ignoring
the murder in their faces, making them turn
their backs while he inspected, whipping
them with his will and the fear of death
lest they strangle him in a sudden rush.
It would not do to let them get too close
to the ultimate opening. That he must
clear himself, or they would give the alarm.

  And, after hours of incredible toil, the
thing was done. It was close to dawn and
the moon had gone, with the stars paling,
when McNeill broke through to the open
and found a fortunate masking of bushes
and scrub trees all about the hole. Once
again he herded the bound Mongols to their
niche and then, with Remsden struggling
with blistering hands to help him, the two
white men enlarged the mouth of the shaft
until it was wide enough to allow the egress
of the dwarf ponies. All this time the girl
stood on watch where the horizontal tunnel
opened on the ledge, above the crushed body
of Ling, while the mists began to wisp out
of the ravine and the sunrise was imminent.

McNEILL got the two horses up the
incline and saddled them, while
Remsden gathered such provisions
as they would need. Then McNeill fetched
the girl.

  He pointed out to them the lay of the land
that sloped toward the little river that, in
its turn, would bring them out on the water-
highway to Peking. He gave them brief
instructions as to their course, handing
them the maps and two rifles with ammuni-
tion. Remsden could use enough Chinese
dialect to make his offers of money under-
stood and, as long as they kept ahead of
the fanatic priests and their influence, Mc-
Neill had little doubt that they could buy
146

Adventure

their safety to Peking. At the last mo-
ment, when McNeill had crawled off to the
cliff edge on a reconnoitering expedition,
the girl rebelled.

  “We shall not go without McNeill,” she
declared. “At least I shall not. He is
deliberately sacrificing himself for us.”
“You are talking foolishly, my dear,”
answered Remsden nervously. “McNeill
is not a fool. He is not throwing away his
own life. I have promised to reward him
munificiently when we are safe in Peking,

and-”

  The girl looked at him scornfully.

  “You think everything can be bought
with gold,” she said.

  “Well,” answered her stepfather with
smug complacence, “there are few things
that can not. By the way, you may give
me back the wallet. It will be safe with
me now. I was afraid of light fingers while
the Chinese were with us. I sleep so much
sounder than you.”

  Contempt still in her eyes, the girl took a
leather wallet from her bosom and gave it to
Remsden. The latter furtively fingered its
bulk and slid it out of sight before Mc-
Neill came back through the brush.

  “They are down in the ravine,” he said.
“They have found the body of Ling.
Soon they will be coming along the ledge.
I shall use our prisoners as a barrier until
you have got well away. Then I shall
come after you, but do not wait for me. I
am sure you will get through all right, and
there is no need to worry about me. I shall
be at the Imperial Hotel within a few hours
after you—perhaps before. Take the right-
hand gully. Go slowly at first and be
careful not to throw up any dust. If you
find a boat get rid of the ponies. Don’t
give them away; turn them loose as soon as
you see your way clear on the river. Now
off with you; I have got to get back to the
entrance.”

  He saw the rebellion in Helen’s eyes.

  “/1m revoir, Miss Remsden,” he said.
“Let me help you mount. I assure you
that I am in no more danger in remaining
than you in going—probably less. On my
word of honor!”

  She looked deep into his eyes and slowly
blushed.

  “If you do not arrive when you say,
within a few hours of us,” she said, so low
that Remsden, for all his straining ears,
could not catch the words, “I shall come

back after you.”

  McNeill saw them disappear into the
gully, his hat off to the girl, and then
hastened down again to the tunnel. He
picked out one of the Mongols and pricked
him ahead with his knife-blade until the
latter showed himself reluctantly at the cave
entrance.

  Immediately there was a flash from the
opposite cliff, the singing of a bullet, the
spang of its lead on the rocky lintel of the
cave and the echoing report. The China-
man shrank back, and McNeill laughed.

  “They meant that for me, Ba-ti,” he said.
“Presently I’ll return the compliment.”

  He had no intention of firing where he
was not sure of a target. Every moment
gained helped Remsden and the girl and,
when he did fire, he wanted to put the fear
of his marksmanship into the priests. They
thought they had him earthed. A good
shot or so would make them cautious.

  He tightened up the foot-ropes of the
Mongol and put him back with the rest.
Then he made a little barricade of loose
stones and sat down to guard the ledge.
He did not dare expose himself to harass
those in the ravine but he hoped that they
would attempt to rush the narrow path.

  Two hours passed and then a fusillade of
bullets smashed about the cave mouth and
buzzed down the tunnel. The comers of
McNeill’s mouth turned up into a little grin.
He squinted down the ledge, lying flat in a
conduit he had made of the rocks, thrusting
his rifle through a niche.

  As he expected, a rush was on. A cluster
of racing figures turned a shoulder of rock
and McNeill began firing rapidly, but with
definite aim. Two figures leaped up and
plunged into the gulf; another sprawled out
on the ledge; a fourth dragged back around
the buttress.

  “That will keep them thinking for a
while,” McNeill told himself. “I wonder
how about the other direction?”

  He turned over and, even as he turned,
heard the soft pad of swiftly running feet.
The priests of Hoang Lung had split and
had meant to attack simultaneously. Some
inequalities of the path had hindered their
perfect junction, and once again McNeill’s
rifle took heavy toll. Two men, shot almost
simultaneously, whirled, clutched at each
other and went spinning down.

  “That’ll teach ’em not to be in too much
of a hurry,” muttered McNeill as he slid
The Dragon’s Claw

147

fresh cartridges into the chamber while
stray bullets still sung and splashed above
him. “I don’t believe they’ve got more
than a couple of rifles at that,” he told him-
self. “Now for the next move. I don’t
believe they’ll try another rush—try and
starve us out. I don’t fancy they are wor-
rying much about those Chinks I’ve got
corraled. Neither am I. I wonder how
many miles are left in that yellow cayuse.”

  His half-formed plan crystallized as he
went back into the tunnel and flashed his
torch over the bunch of bound Mongols.
One man he selected as close to his own
build, though lacking in height. This man
he shuffled back to where the rest of the
horses were stalled and, at the muzzle of
his automatic, ordered him to strip. The
man demurred, and McNeill clipped him
on the jaw with his pistol, putting him out.
Then he deftly peeled off the dirty, unsavory
clothes and reluctantly put these on over
his own underwear, after investing the
Chinaman with the outer garb of Neill
McNeill.

  The battery of his torch was dimming,
fast as he had worked, and it flickered en-
tirely out before he had finished. But he
got the limping pony to the top of the shaft
and the Chinaman with it. He had col-
lected the few things he meant to take with
him^and now, with the wondering, hating
eyes of the Mongol watching him, he
crawled through the bushes for a last survey
of the enemy, crawled back and, with almost
the last of his water supply, unflinchingly
scraped off with a dull blade all the sprout-
ing red growth on his jaws.

  Then he surveyed the lay of the land.
To one side, where, almost three hours
before, Remsden and his daughter had made
for the river, the fissures offered him ample
cover. To the other the land opened to a
flat plateau sparsely set with dwarf growths.

  McNeill forced the Mongol to mount the
tethered yellow pony that was in no way
anxious to move, tied his feet under the
animal’s belly and his wrists to the saddle-
horn. Once again he slid through the bushes
and fired a random shot across the canon.
The echoes crashed as answering bullets
came wildly back. He cut the tether,
headed the pony for the plateau, pricked it
sharply on the flank and fired a couple of
shots beneath it that sent it flying fearfully
through the scrub bearing a figure in Euro-
pean costume on its back, crouching to

avoid the missiles that sped toward it at
long range, and then McNeill dived swiftly
into the nearest depression and, making the
most of his start, fled for the Chang-Li
stream.

  At nightfall McNeill squatted by the
wall of a hut. Outside its door the Chinese
were gabbling the local gossip. The boat
of Duk Sing had been stolen. Sing had
found it gone when he started for the eve-
ning fishing. The boat had vanished, but a
gold piece was lying by the tether picket,
wrapped in a scrap of cloth. So Sing was
lucky, for the boat was old. And Chee Foy
had found two ponies with their saddles.
It had been a great day, said Wong Lee, the
headman. It was good to talk but he
must be going, for the tide was right and
they were waiting for his cargo in Peking.
He envied Sing his luck; money was scarce.

  As Wong Lee started to go aboard his
cargo-boat where the polers only awaited
his coming, a figure came out of the darkness
and asked in the dialect of the district for a
trip passage.

  “Not free, oh Wong Lee,” said the
pleader as the headman scowled. “For, by
the favor of my aunt, I have some small
matter of money with me, and the trip is ur-
gent. I am sick.”

  There was a lire burning on an iron plate
amidships of the long craft with its thatched
cabin and high prow. By the uncertain
light Wong Lee looked doubtfully at the
stranger. The man’s head was bound up in
filthy cloths that concealed all but a strip
showing nose and cheek-bones. The brow
bandage came so low as to hide the eyes.

  “What is thy sickness?” asked Wong Lee.
“And where is thy money?”

  “It is not catching. Lo, I have been
suffering long from decayed teeth and the
night air brings on the pain, so I journey
to Peking to seek a doctor. Here is half of
what I possess.”

  Out of the waistcloth in which his auto-
matic was tucked away handily, McNeill
produced some copper cash and two small
pieces of gold. He held these out on a palm
blackened with dirt. Wong Lee swept all
of it into his own paw.

  “Get aboard,” he said magnanimously.
“I will send thee to a cousin of mine who is
a mighty doctor in Peking. Pole, pole
swiftly, ye doghearts, the tide runs.”

  As the cargo boat shot out into the
stream, McNeill, glancing back, saw torches
148

Adventure

suddenly break out in the village and heard
the racket of voices that betokened the
sudden arrival of some cavalcade. Some
one ran down toward the river-landing
swinging a flare and shouted, but Wong
Lee, with an oath, took no notice and the
craft shot swiftly down the broad stream.
None but the boatmen had seen McNeill
and that at the last moment. If the new
arrivals were the priests of the Hoang-Lung
they had no reason to suspect the entirely
regular departure of Wong Lee. There
came a bend in the stream and the shouts
and lights died out, and McNeill cuddled
down on some mats in the cabin, groaning a
little from time to Lime about the decayed
teeth that he was forced to protect against
the night air.

CHAPTER HI

THE FEATURES OF FUNG-TI

AFTER nine years of wanderings in in-
terior China, prospecting, engineering,
adventuring, Neill McNeill, with his knowl-
edge of customs and dialects, was compara-
tively at home in Peking. He changed his
filthy rags for Occidental raiment at a
nalive lailor’s who was lo him more of a
friend than a mere tradesman and, Lhus
rehabiliLated, hurried to the Imperial Hotel.

  On the trip of the cargo-boat he had
found no trouble in picking up the trail of
the eccentric American and his daughler.
Remsden, wilh a smallering of Chinese, was
no fool and, once free from immediale pur-
suil, he had got together an escort and
traveled with speed and comfort.

  McNeill’s connection with him would
soon be over, the latter thoughl regrel-
fully. He meant to Lake no bonus, for,
however much he admired the stepdaughler,
he had a very whilLled-down eslimalion of
Remsden and his selfishness that would
deliberately expose the girl to frightful risk
through his own rash actions. But McNeill
meant to see them both safely ouL of the
country.

  The cult of the Hoang Lung, the guard-
ians of the holiesl of all shrines, was power-
ful and Remsden's offense, which must have
been a serious one, would not be lightly
condoned. Remsden was apt to consider
himself safe in Lhe foreign quarLer and be-
come careless. Trouble could easily hap-
pen, even on lhe train to Shanghai whence

they would embark for the States, and it
would be trouble of a kind that could not be
remedied.

  A fanatic follower of the Hoang Lung
would think nothing of giving up his own
life and risking torlure if he achieved his
objecl. Even lhe arm of lhe American
government would be hard put to it to pro-
tect the travelers, and McNeill shrewdly
surmised that the American minister would
not be appealed to by Remsden too hur-
riedly, as the latter knew that confession
of an attempt on his part to interfere with
Chinese religious institutions would be met
with disfavor.

  It was with relief that McNeill passed
through the arch inlo the holel compound
and entered the office of the Imperial.
Miss Remsden was oul, Lhe clerk declared,
bul Remsden was in his room. A package
had just been delivered for Mr. Remsden,
and the Chinese boy who ushered McNeill
-to the suite carried this parcel with him.

  McNeill was frowning when he entered
the room. Remsden should not have al-
lowed his stepdaughter on the streets un-
escorted, he thought, though of course he
was nol cerlain lhal this was the case.
Remsden greeted him cordially enough.

  “I’m glad to see you back, Neill, my boy,”
he said. “We were both anxious over your
safety but I assured Helen that you would

win through. We ourselves had a-”

  “Where is Miss Helen?” broke in McNeill.
Remsden frowned at the interruption.
He was looking curiously at the package the
boy had broughl, a box some eight inches
square, wrapped in rice-paper on which was
inscribed in good English Remsden’s name
and address.

  “She wanted to buy some souvenirs for
her friends at home,” he said. “I believe
she has gone to the Rising Sun Bazaar.”

  “Good-, man!” cried McNeill. “You

don’t mean to say you let her go out
alone?”

  “The Rising Sun Bazaar is only two
blocks away,” replied Remsden. “It is in
the foreign quarter. Have you lost your
nerve, Neill?”

  “You have taken leave of your senses!”
said McNeill angrily, taking up his hat.
He was going Lo Lhe Bazaar wilhout delay.
“How long has she been gone?”

  “Why, I hardly know,” said Remsden
leisurely, setling down his cigar and devot-
ing both hands to the unwrapping of the
The Dragon’s Claw

149

package. “A little over an hour, I should
say. I-”	—

  His voice died away in an inarticulate
choking that made McNeill, half-way to the
door, turn and regard him sharply. Rems-
den’s face was blotched, his jaw sagged,
his pop-eyes seemed actually starting from
their sockets and they were lit with a horror
that showed in his mottled, shaking jowls
and the trembling hands which were
still suspended above the box that he had
opened.

  McNeill crossed to him, picked up the box
and shook out the objects it contained on
a newspaper that Remsden had been read-
ing. A scrap of paper closely covered with
small, beautifully written Chinese script
fluttered after them. Remsden stared,
still incapable of action, fascinated by the
^grisly things before him.

  These were the half-desiccated lips, ears
and eyelids of a man, the black lashes,
gummy with dried blood, still clung to the
latter.

  “What—what?” he muttered as McNeill
rapidly translated the script.

   With his eyes, his lips, his ears, he betrayed.

  Now can Fung-Ti neither see wrong, nor speak
falsely nor listen to the voice of the white devil who
bribes.

  “Fung-Ti?” muttered Remsden and
looked up at McNeill who towered over
him menacingly, the scrap of paper in his
hands quivering.

  “Do you know what the rest of this
says?” demanded McNeill. “Listen!

   These are the lips and eyelids and the outer ears
of Fung-Ti, the false priest, the thief, the betrayer.

   Within ten days restore the sacred relic or, what
has happened to Fung-Ti, who still lives but prays to
the gods he has betrayed that he may die, shall hap-
pen to the white woman who returns to the shrine of
Hoang Lung as hostage.

   First did we test Fung-Ti with the ordeal of the
Rrazen Serpent. Then did we sever the false mem-
bers we send to you. It would he hard to tell now
that Fung-Ti was once a man. Yet he lives.

   The limbs of the white woman are far more frail
than those of Fung-Ti. They will shrink and shrivel
in the twist of the Bronze Serpent.

  Ten days we give you. Return the holy relic,
and the girl shall be delivered to the messenger.
Fail, and not only shall the girl die many deaths but
thou and the man who was with thee shall know the
vengeance of the Hoang Lung though ye hide in
caverns at the bottom of the sea.

   See that ye do this sccretly. For, if ye appeal to
the governments or speak to any that the Shrine of
Hoang Lung has been dishonored, in that same hour
shall ye all die.”

SO MENACING was the look with
which McNeill regarded Remsden
that the latter threw up his shaking
hands in a semblance of defense.

  “For the love of God, Neill!” he whim-
pered.

  “Stop your blasphemy,” said the Irish-
man. “Do you know what the Brazen
Serpent means, Remsden? They twine
copper tubes about your legs and arms and
waist and then they fill the tubes with
boiling water. That is what they threaten

to do to-”

  He struck the heavy table such a smash
with his doubled fist that the panel split
and the horrible bits of Fung Ti danced
on the paper. “Out with that relic,
Remsden! Out with it!” he demanded.
“They have got Helen! Give it to me so I
can go after her!”

  “Ten days, they said—ten days. The
shrine is only five days’ journey.”

  McNeill gripped Remsden by the shoul-
ders and, heavy as he was, shook him as a
terrier would shake a rat.

  “You would temporize with the girl’s
safety?” he cried. “I’ll tell you this,
Remsden. If one hair of her head has been
harmed when I return—and I shall return—
I will make you wish you had been Fung-Ti.
Where is this relic?”

  “Wait,” said Remsden, shrinking into
his chair on his release but with his face
sullen with the piggish obstinacy he could
assume. I can not give it to you. I
haven’t got it. I can’t get it again before
forty-eight hours. There will be plenty
of time.”

  “Remsden, you lied to me before in the
cave. You are lying now.”

  “I did not lie to you. I said that you
might search me. I did not have it with
me. Helen had it then, though she did not
know it. It was in my wallet. I told her it
bothered me in riding, and she carried it.”
McNeill’s utter loathing pierced even
Remsden’s armor.

  “I am not lying now,” he asserted dog-
gedly. “I may be able to get it back a
little sooner than forty-eight hours. But
I haven’t it and that’s the flat truth.”
McNeill, his eyes burning within a few
inches of the other’s, told himself that
Remsden was telling the truth.

  “I am going to give you just twenty-four
hours to produce it,” he said. “During that
time I am going to make preparations that
150

Adventure

will insure the safety of Miss Helen. If
you haven’t got it back by then you are
going to be a very unhappy man for the rest
of your life. You are not my employer in
this matter; you couldn’t hire me with
your money to go back. I am going on my
own account. You can pay me what you
do owe me, however, as I shall need imme-
diate cash.”

   Remsden detached certain travellers’
checks from their sheaf and passed them
over to McNeill.

   “It is no use threatening me,” he said.
 “I will get it as soon as I can—not later than
 forty-eight hours. That gives us a margin
 of three days. They will not injure her.”
 “What is this relic?” demanded the
 younger man.

  Remsden’s eyes glowed. He seemed to
recover his self-assurance. The man was
a trifle mad, with the frenzy of a collector,
McNeill decided, as Remsden poured him-
self some whisky and tossed it down with a
hand not yet stead)'.

  “What do you know about Chinese
mythology, Neill?” he asked.

   “Not very much.”

  McNeill resented the smug manner of
Remsden’s speech but he was anxious to
leam what he could about the relic.

  “Ah! Perhaps you know that they be-
lieve that originally the land was ruled by
the dragon kings, lords of air, land and
sea?”

   McNeill nodded.

   “Well, in the holy shrine of Hoang Lung
 is supposed to be kept an actual claw of the
 last of the dragon kings—a claw set in
 gray jade carved to represent the sheath
 of the claw and also inscribed with runes
 that even the great Lao T’se could not
 interpret. This claw is probably that of a
 great cave-bear; it is of non-retractile type.
 It is evidently very old. It might even
 have come from some monster of prehistoric
 times. The point is that it is believed
 indubitably to be the claw of the dragon,
 and the temple of the Hoang Lung is wor-
 shiped as its repository.”

  “And you got it? How?”

   Remsden almost beamed with self-satis-
 -faction.

   “I got up the expedition to the temple.
 I am not a Mason but I have knowledge of
 the ancient universal rituals and symbols
 from which modern Masonry has borrowed.
 They have been long known to the older

dynasties of ancient nations, China in-
cluded. Through their use I was received
by the priests, as you know, and observed
their ritual, something but one other white
man has ever done. I noted that the claw
was not a myth. Fung-Ti did the rest
for a very large sum of money that was
packed in the box carried by the smaller
camel, the box you, with all the rest,
thought carried cartridges.”

  “I thought some one had stolen that,”
said McNeill under his breath.

  “Just how Fung-Ti accomplished the
theft I do not know. I left the particulars
to him. He has been frightfully punished,
but he knew his risk. Under ordinary
circumstances nothing would have been
discovered for a full month, by which time
Fung Ti would have been far away, had it
not been for that shower of shooting stars
the night after we left the temple. The
priests of Hoang Lung imagine such phe-
nomena the golden scales shaken from the
dragon gods in anger, and I suppose they
investigated. It was an unfortunate coin-
cidence.

  “The claw was without doubt the most
wonderful curio in the world. It would
have brought me fortune. I preferred
fame. Now I have lost both,” he sighed.

  McNeill regarded him keenly. The sigh
hardly seemed genuine, but he was deter-
mined that Remsden should not leave his
sight until the relic reappeared from wher-
ever it had been deposited. That Remsden
should have let it leave him for a moment
seemed incredible, but he was certain that
in that matter the collector had not lied.
For the rest he was an incipient lunatic so
far as curios were concerned.

  “I want you to go out with me for a
while,” said McNeill. “And I shall take
the connecting room to this suite.”

  “Where are we going?”

  “To pass the word to certain men that I
know,” said McNeill. “I am going on this
return trip with an escort of he-men, Mr.
Remsden. I take it you would prefer to
stay in Peking. I should recommend the
embassy after we have gone, if they will
shelter you. Come on!” His tone was
that of sheriff to his prisoner. For a half
moment Remsden rebelled.

  “Very well,” he said at last. “Anymore
ftmds that are necessary?”

  “If I run short I’ll borrow some from
you,” snapped McNeill. “Come on!”
V

The Dragon’s Claw

! jS^.1 THIRTY-SIX hours later McNeill
seated in his room next to that of
K.aiJ Remsden whom he could hear im-
patiently padding up and down, listened
to a knock on Remsden’s door and to
Remsden opening it. Some one who talked
in a voice of high pitch that was almost
instantaneously hushed to a whisper, was
admitted. McNeill rose and softly opened
his own door to the corridor. Presently
he heard the chink of gold and Remsden’s
door reopening.

  He gilded to where his own entrance stood
ajar, the light out in his room, and saw,
gliding along the passage, the bowed form
of an old Chinaman who was stowing away
something in his capacious blouse. The face
of wrinkled yellow skin, drawn tight as a
drumhead over the skull, showed little, but
the eyes, looking furtively from left to
right, held the look of one who gloats over
greed satisfied and is yet possessed with
deadly fear.

  Moreover, McNeill recognized the man
as the master-craftsman of all Peking’s
artificers in precious metals and gems, in
pearl and ivo/y—Ling Yuan, the greatest
connoisseur of all the Orient in such works
of art.

  It seemed evident to him where the claw
had been. For some reason Remsden had
consulted Ling Yuan as to the authenticity
of the claw, fearing perhaps that Fung-Ti
had played him false, though the awful
mementoes of that false priest had since
furnished mute proof of his having really
obtained the actual relic. Wondering a
little what enormous sum Remsden must
have demanded from Ling Yuan as pledge
for the return of the claw, McNeill turned
on his light and closed the barely opened
door without noise. The next instant
Remsden appeared in the entrance between
the rooms.

  “I have the claw,” he said. “Take it,
Neill, and save Helen.”

  McNeill took it—a little thing to repre-
sent the burning, mystical faith of the most
mysterious nation of the world. The claw
itself was black with age, and far longer than
that of any animal that Neill had ever seen,
sharply curved, set in gray translucent jade
which was scaled where it gripped the claw
and, above that, deep cut with hieroglyphs.
He opened his belt and shirt and put
the thing away in a pocket of his money
belt.

  “I shall find a better place for it pres-
ently,” he said.

  Remsden sighed as he saw it disappear.

  “It was a costly experiment,” he said.
“How early do you start?”

  “Immediately,” said McNeill. “There is
not a moment to lose. We shall travel fast,
but there may be delays. My men are
waiting for me now.”

CHAPTER IV

OCCIDENT AGAINST ORIENT

THE temple of the Hoang Lung, the
Shrine of the Dragon’s Claw, lies in a
natural amphitheater, the buildings of stone
and sun-dried brick standing in a horseshoe
of steep hills that are honeycombed with
caves and fissures, some of which are used as
dwellings for the priests. The entrance to
the horseshoe is winged across with stone
walls that connect with high arches, also
of stone and carved with weird representa-
tions of the dragon gods and their lesser
attendant divinities.

  There are three of these arches and they
were undoubtedly built to serve as defenses
against marauders from the north. They
were built many hundreds of years ago,
perliaps thousands, and their carvings are
smudged with the rasp of wind and rain and
desert sands, and there are deep interstices
where once the stone blocks met with exact
precision.

  A modern field gun would knock one to
pieces in two shots; yet, inasmuch as field
guns have never neared the shrine, they are
still considered, in the light of legend and
dim history, impregnable when the wooden
gates, reinforced heavily with metal, are
closed.

  At nightfall of the fifth day after their
start from Peking, the seventh since the ul-
timatum of the priests had been delivered
to Remsden, a party -of white men were
camped in the hills some three miles from
the town and temple of Hoang Lung. By
the light of the fire about which they sat
at a war-council with their pipes or ciga-
rets going, they were a hard-bitten, lean
and capable looking crowd, eighteen of
them in all—volunteers under McNeill to
get a white girl out of Hoang Lung.

  Engineers, prospectors, adventurers of
sorts they were and all were known to Mc-
Neill personally. They represented every
152

Adventure

loose and available white man in Peking or
its vicinity who could get away for such a
trip. Their ages varied from twenty-two
to fifty, and they were all as hard as nails.
Every one of them knew how to handle a
gun and was not afraid to do so. Better,
they knew when not to do so.

  McNeill stood apart in talk with a
bearded man who had built many miles of
railroad in interior China only to see his
work undone by fanatic hordes, urged on by
the priests. Neill’s field-glasses were slung
at his sides, and he unbuckled the case and
took them out.

  “The moon’ll be up in a few minutes,
Wilson,” he said. “It’s lightening over the
eastern ridge now. Canfield and I are going
in alone on foot as soon as it rises. After
we’ve fixed things at the first arch we’ll
camp in one of the caves. I’ll go in soon
after dawn—alone.”

  “It seems foolhardy to do that, Neill,”
said Wilson. “Wouldn’t at least a display
of force help out? Of course you’re run-
ning this show.”

  “I’ve gone over it very carefully,” said
McNeill. “I’ve got to make the play single-
handed. At eight o’clock, if they are not
coming through, you know what to expect.
If I don’t show up here by nine, or you don’t
see me coming, then you take command and
do whatever you think best, not forgetting
that it is more than probable that Miss
Remsden and myself will be past doing for.

  “Here comes the moon. Now then, take
the glasses and look about sou’-west-by-
sou’. There are parallel ridges leading in
that general direction and Canfield and I
will keep the valleys, though I don’t think
there is much fear of a lookout. They are
expecting us, no doubt, but it is our move
and they are not likely to be worrying about
it. We are three days t'o the good. You
can use the ridges for cover tomorrow if
things go wrong with me.”

  Wilson, the glasses to his eyes, only
grunted. The arches, particularly the first
one, were plain to see, their stones silvered
by the moon, now clear of the ridge.

  “ ’S up to you,” said Wilson at last,
“till eight o’clock tomorrow. Then it’s up
to me. Goin’ to take horses?”

  “No. Less noise, less risk. We can pack
all we need easily enough. A good deal
depends on getting our work done abso-
lutely unobserved.”

  “If you don’t come back,” said Wilson

gruffly, “or if they’ve done anything to that
girl, I’m telling you one thing, McNeill,
before noon tomorrow the inhabitants of
Hoang Lung are going to think hell, or
whatever their heathen equivalent for
Gehenna is, has opened under their feet.
We’ve got the stuff to do it with and we’ve
got the boys who know how to use it.”

  They walked back to the rest of the expe-
dition in silence. McNeill had deliber-
ately shut off from his mental vision all
thoughts of what might have happened to
Helen Remsden. Suggestions of bronze
tubes filled with boiling water and twisted
around her dainty limbs, thoughts of
all the fantastic refinements of devilish
torture that might be practised upon her, he
deliberately dismissed as unnerving and
destructive to the job in hand.

  He did not trust the priests. Once they
had obtained the claw, they would be likely
to endeavor to get revenge on those who had
had any hand in the defilement of the sacred
relic. He had laid plans accordingly.

  Canfield came forward to meet them, the
youngest of the troop, a man absolutely
reckless, once given his head, but possessing
the rare quality of being able to take orders
from a man he acknowledged capable of
giving them.

  “Ready to go, McNeill?” he asked.

  “If you are.”

  “Righto,” returned Canfield, Britisher
and younger son. “Got all my little duds
packed for the picnic.”

  “Then we’re off,” announced McNeill.

  The talk stopped, pipes and cigarets
were taken briefly from mouths that
quietly wished “good night” and “good
luck,” and the two started on their hike.

AN HOUR and a half later two
figures glided away from the dark
shadow of the first arch and, blend-
ing in the inequalities of the cliff face, after
they had passed the length of the stone
wall in a low crouch, carefully paying out a
thin thread as they went, disappeared in a
niche where the face of the precipice had
warped apart. There they compared
watches carefully.

  “We’ll check again in the morning, Can-
field,” said McNeill. “I want to pull this
thing off to the second, if possible. It’s
three o’clock now. These priests are a lazy
crowd. I won’t start until seven and even
then they won’t be stirring. That gives
The Dragon’s Claw

153

us four hours—two apiece for sleep. I’ll
take the first watch.”

  “You’re on,” said Canfield and curled up
in the crevice like a tired dog.

  At seven o’clock McNeill left the little
fissure and descended unnoticed to the flat
ground in front of the first arch. There was
no sound of gong, no sign of life within the
enclosure. The gates were shut, and he
knew the frowsy sentinel slept inside. The
holy priests of Hoang Lung were not ascet-
ics. So far as they could obtain it, they
lived upon the fat of the land and denied
themselves nothing, and, by virtue of the
claw, their tribute was universal and
munificent.

  At fifteen minutes after seven McNeill
took a whistle from his pocket and blew on
it shrilly. A wicket in the upper leaf of one
gate was drawn back, and the sleepy eyes
of a watchman peered out, widened as they
saw the solitary white devil, and suddenly
disappeared.

  It was fifteen minutes more before the
gates were opened and a group of yellow-
robed and shaven priests appeared, escorted
by a score of so-called soldiery, armed with a
nondescript array of swords, wide-bladed
spears, muskets and rifles of all vintages.
In their midst McNeill walked through to
the inner courtyard.

  A short, fat priest advanced. He was
ancient. His avoirdupois spoke eloquently
of self-indulgence, and his face, projecting
from the draped hood that puffed about his
full neck, held no more expression than that
of a turtle. The small eyes showed merely
life, no more emotion than if they had been
insets of jet.

  "Tao Chan?” asked McNeill.

  This had been the name of the writer of
the letter to Remsden, the name of the head
priest of Hoang Lung.

  Tao Chan acknowledged the dignity.
“You have brought back the claw?” he
demanded.

  "Is the hostage safe?” parried McNeill.
“To talk in questions is to waste time,”
replied the priest. “First answer me.”

   “I can make delivery of the claw.”

  "The girl is unharmed.”

  “Then show her to me.”

  “Show me the claw.”

  McNeill laughed, and a red light came
into the jetty eyes of Tao Chan.

  “It is not wise to make a mock of the
guardian of the claw,” he said.

  “It is not wise to take a white man for a
fool, O guardian that has no claw to guard,”
answered McNeill. “Show me the girl!”

  There had been no apparent sign, but the
priests fell back and the guards edged in
toward the Irishman.

  “Touch me and I destroy your temple,”
he said confidently.

  It was Tao Chan’s turn to laugh, but
a grin was the nearest he could come to it.

  “You speak boldly,” he sneered.

  McNeill was gaging his time, looking
covertly at the hands of his wrist-watch.

  “The bargain was to exchange the girl for
the claw,” he said. “You know I must be
able to produce the claw or I would not.
have traveled so far. I must know that
you can produce the girl.”

  Tao Chan’s immutable face gave no sign,
and McNeill’s heart sank, then rose again.
If they had injured her? To them the life
of a white maiden, save as they could use it
for torture, was nothing. He tried a lead on
this line.

  “Also there are many thousands of white
maidens, O Tao Chan, and but one

claw.”

  “There is but one maiden for thee, white
man.”

  “And yet there are thousands, aye mil-
lions, who hold thee responsible for the
claw,” challenged McNeill. “If I return
not with the girl in safety, all China will
know how. Tao Chan has been outwitted by
the foreign devils, and I do not think what
is left of thy life will be happy. Show me
the girl.”

   Still no visible sign, but the guards inched
in. It seemed clear to McNeill that the
whole thing had been planned before the
gate was opened. They meant to get the
claw and wreak their vengeance on McNeill
and the girl, if she was not already sacrificed.
He looked at his watch. It was five
minutes of the hour.

  “I have warned you,” he said. “Do you
think I was fool enough to come here alone
with the claw upon me? There are yet
three days within which to deliver it. It is
not far from here but in a place where you
can never find it. First I must know
whether you can keep your side of the
bargain. Show me the girl.”

  “I think you can be made to tell where the
claw is,” said Tao Chan softly.

  “I do not know where it is,” said McNeill.
“So I can not tell you.”
154

Adventure

  He spoke with such utter conviction that
Tao Chan’s face twitched. He believed
that the foreign devil might be telling the
truth. He gave an order. It was repeated
back to where guards lounged on the steps of
the quaintly-roofed temple. The lacquered
doors opened, and the figure of Helen Rems-
den appeared between two priests, who
stepped back a little from her. She gave a
little cry, and McNeill, whimsically conscious
of the incongruity of the action, took off his
helmet Then the doors closed again.

   “We shall not torture you the first,” said
Tao Chan very quietly. “First you shall
watch us work with the girl. After that
you may not care to live. But we shall give
you certain chances from time to time to
bring in the claw. You foreign devil,” he
continued almost in a monotone that
threatened the more with its repression,
“did you think you could ravish the shrine
of the dragon god and go unscathed?
Fung-Ti has been punished. So shall all
the rest of you be punished. Your prayers
for pity shall lack lips to utter them.”

  “Touch me,” said McNeill, “and I shall
shoot you through the belly, Tao Chan.
Just one tiny touch—I have you covered
now from my pocket—and you will be ex-
plaining to your gods why you could not
keep their claw. I give you one chance.
Tell your men to fall back, bring out th**
girl in a palanquin borne by four priests.
You and four more shall accompany me to
the spot where the claw will be turned over
to you. Will you do this?”

  For the last few seconds marked by the
march of the hands on McNeill’s watch, the
two men, Occidetal and Oriental, held a
duel of glances.

K'^^IN THE fissure Canfield stooped
f •p""above a little instrument of polished
rj^kli^wood and brass. For fifteen min-
utes he had been expecting to hear Mc-
Neill’s whistle. Now he knew that the
little lesson they had arranged was to be
given, and he glanced at his own watch and
looked over his adjustments with nerveless
thoroughness.

   “No,” bluffed the high-priest.

  Back of them there was a muffled roar, a
swift suggestion of exploding gases, a cloud
of smoke that mushroomed, in which frag-
ments of masonry lofted and rushed down
again while the outer arch crumbled and
dissolved before the eyes of Hoang Lung.

  McNeill had not moved a muscle. Now
he put the question again.

  “Will you do this? Or shall I destroy
the shrine?”

  Tao Chan thought rapidly. He guessed
somewhat of the means employed to level
the arch. But it had been done very
cleverly, and he could not offset the terror of
his ignorant underlings by a talk on dyna-
mite. To them it was all magic. McNeill
seemed very confident, and Tao Chan felt
that the white man might use more of
this magic wisdom to carry out his
threat. True, the girl was in lie Temple,
but-

  He looked at his panic-stricken guards,
at the uneasiness of his priests, trained as
they were to avoid emotion, and he looked
at McNeill, jaunty, nonchalant, all save his
eyes, which were bits of steel. The white
devil might sacrifice the girl. They did
such things when they were desperate, to
save them from torture. The claw must
come back. He metaphorically tossed in
his cards. He was still qualmish in the
stomach that McNeill had threatened.

  Once more he gave an order, whereupon
McNeill whipped out his whistle and
sounded it twice.

  Canfield picked up his battery and con-
nections and strolled out of his cave.

  “Worked like a charm,” he said to the
lizards that flickered before him. “A little
bit of all right, that.”

A BAFFLED mob clustered about
the ruins of the outer arch and
sullenly watched the palanquin borne
by the priests depart under the command of
the two white devils.

  McNeill and Canfield walked one on either
side of the chair and talked through the
drawn curtains of elaborately embroidered
silk to the rescued Helen Remsden. McNeill
and Helen did most of the talking, Canfield
noticed, and, being a goods sport, he filled
in the time smoking cigarets.

  So they came to the camp in the hills,
traveling the crest of the ridge, despite the
sun, for McNeill wanted to make sure they
were not followed. Amid the ring of men
the priests set down the palanquin.

  “Now,” demanded Tao Chan as the
girl stepped out, “I have kept faith.
Where is the claw?”

  “What did you do with it, Wilson?” asked
McNeill. “I told our bloated friend here
The Dragon’s Claw

that I did not know where it was, but he
would not believe me.”

  Tao Chan, not knowing the language of
the foreign devils, glowered at them sus-
piciously.

  ‘‘The white men also keep faith, Tao
Chan,” said McNeill. “Give it to him,
Wilson.”

  The bearded man solemnly uttered a
jargon of meaningless syllables. He was in
his rolled-up shirt-sleeves and he exposed his
open hands back and front to Tao Chan and
the priests.

  “Can ye not see it?” he asked, speaking
fluently the vernacular. “It was hidden in
the air. Lord of air and land and water and
of fire was the dragon king. He did but
return the claw to its own and now, in
promise kept, we bring it back again.
Behold!”

  He pointed to a spot just above the level
of the wondering eyes of the priests. Then,
between the thumb and forefinger of the
other hand, suddenly appeared, by clever
legerdemain, the claw.

  A cry camc simultaneously from the
priests and all, save Tao Chan, dropped on
hands and knees in obeisance. But Tao
Chans who could do some pretty conjuring
himself upon occasion, frowned and took
the relic. From his robe he produced a
case of carven jade lined with golden
silk, and reverently placed the claw
within.

  As the priests rose to his order they found
^hemselves covered by the pistols of the
expedition.

  “You are going to take a little walk with
us as far as the bamboo bridge across the
Wu-liang chasm,” announced McNeill.
“To the other side of it, in fact. Then
we’ll say good-by and leave you with the
claw—after we have destroyed the bridge.
Doubtless you will find some roundabout
way to get back to Hoang Lung. Do you
want to ride in the palanquin, Miss Helen,
or would you rather have a horse? We
brought a spare one for you.”

  “A horse, please,” said the girl. “I
haven’t been treated at all badly, Mr.
McNeill, but the sooner I can get away
from everything Chinese the better I shall
be suited.”

  McNeill translated to Tao Chan, into
whose face came the suggestion of satisfac-
tion. He appropriated the abandoned pa-
lanquin to his own uses, and from there to

the bridge the priests spelled each other in
carrying his redundancy.

  It did not take the little corps of experts
long to destroy utterly the bridge of heavy
bamboos, ingeniously cantilevered by the
Chinese across the deep split, and then they
left the discomfited Tao Chan to lead his
men back to Hoang Lung as best he could.
Straight for Peking they headed, well
mounted, exuberant, losing no time.

  Helen Remsden told them the details of
her carrying off. As McNeill had sus-
pected—had practically known—there were
members of the Hoang Lung affiliated with
practically every bazaar in Peking, and,
when she had walked into the Rising Sun
Bazaar, she had walked into a trap that was
promptly sprung, a trap that was only one of
a long line set for her throughout the city.

  “I wanted a mandarin coat or two,”
she said, “to take home for gifts. I thought
the Rising Sun, with almost always an
American or European customer at every
counter, was safe. Mr. Remsden said
nothing to the contrary. But, when I left
the hotel, I fancied a Chinaman who was
loafing about the compound noticed me
particularly and when I was in the Bazaar
I was almost certain that this same man
came in and spoke to one of the clerks.
This clerk spoke to the man serving me.

  “I fancy I showed some suspicion, or
surprize, and it only shows how clever they
were, for the man who was waiting on me,
one of the principals of the Bazaar, I fancy,
who talked beautiful English, asked me al-
most instantly if I knew the man. I told
him that I did not know him but thought I
had seen him before at the hotel.

  “He appeared to get very angry and told
me that the man wanted a commission on
anything I bought, claiming he had recom-
mended me to the Rising Sun. He rated
the man, who slunk out. I knew, of course,
that such a thing was very likely to happen,
and that almost every tourist purchase has
a squeeze or two behind the price. It
sounded a natural explanation and I
thought no more of it.

  “I had especially asked for a pomegranate-
colored mandarin coat and they had noth-
ing of that shade, or near it, in the lot
brought me. Doubtless they took care
there was not. At all events, the man
seemed disturbed that he did not have one
to suit me and called out in Chinese.
After the answer he smiled and said that a
Adventure

consignment from Sze-Chuan province had
just arrived and was being unpacked and
priced. Would I come and see them as
they came out of the bale, and take my
pick?

  “I went into a room at the back of the
place. As I passed through the door some-
thing was clapped to my face, a cloth
saturated in some pungent drug, and that
was all I knew until I found myself inside a
stuffy palanquin on camel-back, crossing
the desert.

  “The rest you may imagine. I was fairly
well treated and I knew that Mr. Remsden
would arrange for my release. I thought—
I hoped,” she added, a little shyly, “that he
would send you, Mr. McNeill.”

 McNeill, remembering how he had
handled Remsden in the matter, smiled a
bit grimly.

THEY were traversing a little rocky
defile that led down to the Chang
Li stream when a horseman ap-
proached them. The diminutive pony was
being pushed to its top speed by a China-
man who swayed in his saddle from weari-
ness. When they came up to him, for he
could not avoid them in the rocky pass, they
saw he was an old man, far too ancient to
be attempting such a ride without escort.

  He rode his pony to one side along the slant
of the piled-up talus of the ravine, staring
at the party half curiously, half furtively.
The sight of the girl on the horse seemed to
fascinate him. Then McNeill, who, with
Wilson, had been playing rear-guard from
a possible pursuit and suqjrize, came gal-
loping up and the Chinaman shrank on his
saddle to a mere bundle of clothes, hiding
his mummy face by pulling down the folds
of the turban-like head-gear he wore against
the sim.

  But McNeill had recognized him, though
he did not seek to detain him. It was Ling
Yuan, the connoisseur, the master-crafts-
man, the man he had seen in the corridor of
the Imperial, to whom Remsden had so
mysteriously entrusted the claw. In the
Chinaman’s face was the same mixture of
satisfied greed and furtive alarm.

  “He’ll be a bit late with his news,”
thought McNeill and dismissed him from
his thoughts.

  Next nightfall they rode through the out-
skirts of Peking, the cavalcade gradually
breaking up as they reached the foreign

quarter, only Wilson and Canfield riding
with McNeill and the girl through the arch-
way of the hotel courtyard.

  McNeill dismounted, went in and came
out with the news. Remsden had, doubt-
less by cabled influence, obtained lodging at
the legation. His daughter was to join him
there and tomorrow they would start by
rail for Shanghai.

  “That is bully,” said McNeill. “If I
remember right, you’ll just catch the
Cathay. We’ll see you to the legation.”
“Aren’t you going to stay there?” asked
the girl. “It’s just as dangerous for you.”
“I haven’t got the drag of Mr. Rems-
den,” smiled back McNeill. “I shall be safe
enough. The bunch of us will celebrate
our little expedition together. I shall see
you on the train tomorrow.”

  “Then you are coming to Shanghai?”
Wilson in his wisdom had drawn Can-
field aside.

  “I am going across to the States,” said
McNeill, “if I can get a spare plank to
bunk on. Bookings are heavy this time
of year. You—you have no objection to
my making the trip with you, Miss Helen?”
“What have I to do with it?” she chal-
lenged in sprightly fashion. Then her
lashes fell before something in his gaze.
“I owe everything to you, Mr. McNeill,”
she went on seriously. “My life—more
than that. I do not know how I can repay
you.”

  “I do,” said McNeill. “I’ll tell you how
on the trip, perhaps.”

  But the girl, however grateful, was not
to have her maidenly defenses overrun in
the first assault.

  “It will be nice to have some one to talk
to,” she said. “But I thought that your
profession kept you in China, though I can
imagine that father’s folly may have jeop-
ardized your usefulness.”

  “I am not a professional guide and in-
terpreter, if that is what you mean,” said
McNeill. “Only upon occasion. I have
made certain discoveries. I am going back
to San Francisco to exploit them. Person-
ally, I shall lie low in their development,
but I hold a main interest in several proj-
ects that promise well.”

  “But you—Mr. Remsden thought that
you—” She broke off in charming con-
fusion as she sensed his reasons for acting
as guide to her stepfather.

  “There were unusual reasons for my
The Dragon’s Claw

157

attachment to your stepfather—and your-
self,” said McNeill. “Here is the legation
and there is Mr. Remsden. Good-by until
tomorrow.”

  He raised his helmet as the girl turned
from greeting her father and waved her
hand to him. Then he joined Wilson and
Canfield, still discreetly in the background.

  “I happen to know that old Chu Lee has
got some Pommery still stowed away,” he
said. “Let’s get the gang together and
celebrate.”

  “Celebrate or congratulate?” drawled
Canfield.

  “You pay for the champagne, Canfield,”
said McNeill imperturbably, “and you can
take your choice.”

CHAPTER V

SING LEE, LAUNDRYMAN

THE Cathay was an American ship and,
aboard her, McNeill soon discovered
himself a comparative nonentity beside
Remsden.

  The collector was not only rich but evi-
dently powerful by the deference shown
him at the legation and aboard the steamer.
No bribes of McNeill’s were able to get him
closer to Helen Remsden than six seats
away at the skipper’s table and Remsden
evidently was not disposed to encourage
communications between an Irish ad-
venturer whom he had employed as guide
and his stepdaughter, presumably his heiress.

  He was courteous enough and liberal
enough with offers of reward that McNeill
refused,buthepooh-poohedgentlyMcNeill’s
allusions to his forthcoming exploitation of
certain discoveries.

  “I hope you’ll make a go of it, Neill,”
he said. “Anything that I can do—but
you say you have the capital in sight. It’s
the concessions that are so doubtful. The
Chinese government is exceedingly un-
reliable and the various powers are envious
of each other in these matters. But I wish
you the best of luck.”

  There was a sap-headed son of a million-
aire aboard who vied with several others
in paying attention to Helen, and to this
vapid specimen Remsden showed evident
favor, though McNeill believed Remsden
had better sense than to consider that
Helen would accept these attentions seri-
ously, or that Remsden would use the

young man for anything more than a cats-
paw—a convenient and time-serving barrier
against McNeill. Being free from the
Hoang Lung pursuit, as he evidently be-
lieved, Remsden had every intention of
shelving every one connected with it, in-
cluding McNeill.

  He developed a slight illness that McNeill
shrewdly suspected was assumed and took
advantage of it to keep his stepdaughter
in close attendance upon him, with the
young millionaire as a willing aide. At
Honolulu he took the enamored youth
and Helen for a long ride during the wait
of the steamer, and McNeill whistled for a
chance alone with the girl. Moreover
the words of Remsden bore some weight.
McNeill had no right to court the girl
unless his future was assured instead of
merely being rosy-hued, as at present.

  And so, in the rare moments when he
had the girl alone, he did not tell her, as
he had hinted at Peking, how she could
repay him for bringing her safely out of
danger. He was the last man to bid for
a girl’s love because he had done what
any red-blooded man would do for a girl
in peril. Mutual desire was the only thing
on which to base happiness, he decided.
If he could avow his love, backed by worldly
wealth to attend to all her comforts, and,
if she showed him his love might not be un-
acceptable, then he would put the matter
to the test.

  Meanwhile he must attend to his own
affairs in San Francisco while they went to
New York by the first train, leaving four
hours after the Cathay docked. So, with
their New York address and a snapshot
taken 011 deck, he was reluctantly content.

  But he did not fail to warn Remsden
that all danger might not be over. The
Chinese were clannish and the power of
the Hoang Lung reached wherever chop-
sticks were used and punksticks burned.
They had back their claw, but they had
been flouted. They might seek revenge.

  “Poppycock, my dear Neill,” smiled
Remsden. “Not in America—not now-
adays. Even hatchetmen and tongs are
out of date. I appreciate your anxiety
for my health and that of my daughter,
but once in the United States I can well
take care of myself—and her. Good-by.
You must let me know how you come out
with your schemes. I may be able to help
you over some hitch—international politics,
158

Adventure

you know. I am not without some in-
fluence in such things.”

  Neill McNeill had a desire to tell Rems-
den just what he thought of his complacent
selfishness but he repressed it. The train
was starting and his opportunity for a
personal farewell was going a-glimmering
with Remsden’s purposeful chatter. The
vapid heir was going on the same train,
it seemed, and buzzing about Helen like
a hungry bee at sunset. The girl was not
of Remsden’s blood, McNeill thanked
Heaven. He did not think many ties
bound them save the one of duty on the
girl’s side, duty and a certain gratitude.
And so he deliberately shouldered aside
the scion of wealth and won his way to a
last handclasp.

  “You will let me know how things go,
won’t you?” she asked, and there was balm
in the undoubted interest she expressed.
“You have our address and, perhaps, you
can make the communication personal?”
There was a suggestion of a blush and a
tightening grip of the hand as she said
this that recompensed Neill for the imme-
diate bustling up of Remsden and the
official remorselessness of the porter who
warned that the train “was just stahtin’.”

McNEILL took up his affairs in
earnest, registering at the Palace
and telephoning the members of his
syndicate for appointments in a determina-
tion to be in New York within the week.

  Four days went by and he had the thing
well in hand. One man, who had been in
the southern part of the State, remained
to be seen, and the rest waited for that
person’s assent before going ahead with
the development. McNeill had explained
satisfactorily that he was persona non grata
with certain elements in China and his wish
not to superintend the comparatively
simple problems of exploitation \yas wil-
lingly granted by those to whom he was the
means of assured wealth.

  “Fix it with Cox,” they told him at a
dinner at the Bohemian Club. “Convince
him—you’ve only to show him what you
showed us—and we’ll get to work with
the lawyers tomorrow.”

  They were fine fellows, these Westerners,
and McNeill felt elated as he left them.
He went away early, for he had an appoint-
ment with Cox out at the latter’s big house
at San Mateo that evening.

  As he swung briskly down town to the
Palace, where he had ordered a car to take
him down the peninsula, he fancied, as
he had fancied more than once in his four
days in San Francisco, that he was being
followed. Probably not by Chinamen,
for he had reflected that, if the Hoang Lung
had by cable got word across to their
affiliations on the coast, they would be
too subtle to use such palpable shadows.
There were many degraded white men,
chained to Chinese autocratic dispensers
of the drugs they craved, who would be
willing to play the spy.

  It was only the working of a sixth sense
developed in the wilds, but McNeill, though
he could pick out no special person on the
busy streets, thought enough of the hunch
to slip an automatic in his pocket when
he took seat in the tonneau of the big car
that was soon gliding south to the fashion-
able suburb.

  There were other cars on the road. Many
they overtook, but none passed them or
seemed to be trailing. Yet McNeill was
keenly alive to the fact that the fat priest
at Hoang Lung might smart for revenge
and impart that revenge to his proselytes
as a holy thing to be consummated.

  He had warned Remsden. He had even
warned, more carefully, Helen. They were
safer in New York than he was in Cali-
fornia, but all three were still in jeopardy.
Presently the thing might die down, he
thought, as long as the claw had been
restored. Things changed rapidly in China.
A new government might frown on even
the priests of ancient religions who en-
dangered amicable relations by murdering
the subjects of a friendly and powerful
country from whom a new republic might
need favors.

  For the present he would look out and,
when he got to New York, he would safe-
guard Helen as closely as she would permit.
McNeill had no fear of not convincing Cox
as to his proposition. Then there would
be a good sum coming to him immediately
and, with developments, he would be a
rich man.

  As they crossed the San Mateo line a fog
began to thicken, but the driver was used
to fogs and the road; the lamps were power-
ful and they kept on their way, making
good progress, until finally they turned in
between high walls through iron gates and
rolled up to Cox’s ornate Italian villa.
The Dragon’s Claw

159

  McNeill could not have been received
more cordially by a member of his own
family, though this is not a good simile,
for McNeill was very much alone as far
as relatives went. His host’s hearty man-
ner, evident interest and keen appreciation
of his doings and their financial possi-
bilities soon put McNeill altogether at
ease with the world. Only one untoward
incident occurred to disturb two hours of
satisfactory business talk and establish-
ment of social relations.

  Cox ordered refreshments. The butler
was a Chinaman. Cox’s menage was largely
Chinese, he explained, and eminently satis-
factory. As a butler the man was perfect—
silent, careful, deferential. Not once did
he seem to glance from beneath his smooth
crescent lids at master or guest while he
did his serving; but, as he left the room,
McNeill caught one oblique glance from
those sloe-black eyes directed at him
through the reflection of a mirror. The
eyes seemed to appraise, to check up, to
menace.

  McNeill knew what strange tricks imagi-
nation plays when one allows any subject
of peculiar interest to one’s mental or
physical welfare to once become dominant.
Still he was glad to find the fog had lifted
when his car was ordered and he stepped
out into the quiet Californian night. Cox
pressed him hard to stay until the next
morning, when they would motor down
together and complete the negotiations
that would set McNeill free to go to New
York—and Helen.

  But, with the absence of the fog, the
sense of danger seemed lessened. More-
over, if any was brewing, McNeill wanted
to see it through. It was late and the
driver started back at a good pace for the
city. In less than half a mile, however,
the engine began to stall and he got out
for investigation. They were on the main
road of the fairly populous suburb. On
either side were Summer villas standing
in considerable, well-tended grounds, be-
hind walls or hedges, as the owners’ fancy
chose.

  The chauffeur tinkered and overhauled
and at last investigated the gasoline tank
in default of better explanation of their
trouble. He gave a sharp exclamation.

  “Empty!” he said. “I told them to fill
it up at the garage. We ought to have six
or seven gallons and there ain’t a drop.”

  “Did you see it filled?” asked McNeill.

  “No, I didn’t. But they never bunked
me this way before.”

  “What did you do while I was with Mr.

Cox?”

  “Chewing the rag with his driver. They
got two touring cars and a big limousine.
He was in the butler’s pantry. He’s a
Chink but he sure treated me white. I
guess I’d better go back and get some gas
from Mr. Cox’s driver. He won’t be in
bed yet. Two or three gallons ’11 get this
boat in.”	. _

  “All right,” said McNeill. “Hurry!” '

  The man started down the road and he
watched him turn into the gates of the
villa. There were a few lights in the nearer
houses and the sound of music came from
one of them. It was all very quiet and
peaceful.

HTHEN, with a rush, they were on
him. Two figures hurled themselves
over the low wall to his right; he
heard the swift patter of footsteps from
behind as he stood at the rear of the car.
Instinctively he backed up to it and felt
for his pistol. The gun was gone. The
Chinese butler had helped him on with
his light coat and deftly lifted it.

  The two assailants were coming for him,
head on. Even in the uncertain light he
felt sure they carried no weapons. Swiftly
he reached out his long, sinewy arms,
cupped a head in. either palm and brought
them together with a thud that dropped
the two senseless in the dust of the road.

  Then something flickered about his neck
from behind. He knew what it was as it
tightened. Some one had climbed into
the tonneau and deftly slipped a bowstring
about his neck. The cord tightened and
sank into the flesh, beyond his power to
loosen. A red glare came before him and
he felt consciousness slipping away.

  Then sudden relief, though he sagged to
the ground even as he sucked the air into
his tortured lungs. The glaring headlights
of a machine dazzled him as the oncoming
car jarred to a standstill a few feet away,
and two men jumped out and came toward
him.

  “What’s up, old chap?” asked one of the
strangers, giving him a hand.

  McNeill saw that the two whose heads
he had cracked had disappeared. So had
doubtless his other opponent. It was a
ibo

Adventure

close shave. Only for these two night birds,
who had obviously been celebrating, it
would have been all off with Neill McNeill.

  “We ran out of gas,” he said, with some
difficulty, for the cord had bitten deeply.
“My man went back to the house there for a
supply and I had a touch of vertigo. I
haven’t been very well.”

  “Vertigo? That’s a new name for it,
old pal,” said the second man. “I’ll have
to spring that on my wife. We thought
we saw a couple of chaps duck out, right
and left, as we came along and then we saw
you fall. Maybe we had vertigo our-
selves.”

  McNeill summoned a laugh. He was
not inclined to give his confidence now
that he was well out of it. His driver was
coming back with the gasoline in a can.

  “I’m all right now, anyway,” he said.
“Thanks, both of you. And here’s my
driver.”

  The two got into their car and drove off
while the chauffeur replenished the tank.

  “See anything of the butler?” asked
McNeill, as they got ready to start.

  “Met him in the garden just now.
Taking a stroll with a bit of a dinky pipe.
Strange lot, them Chinks.”

  “I thought I saw him myself,” said
McNeill. “If I didn’t, I felt him,” he
reflected and picked up from the seat
beside him a souvenir of the occasion.

  It was a slender cord of Chinese silk,
flexible, singularly soft, but strong as
catgut and bright yellow.

CHAPTER VI

NEW YORK

N EILL McNEILL walked out of Grand
1 Central Station, scorning a taxicab.
The hotel could send for his baggage. With
all the fervor of one American born—New
York born, at that—who has been ex-
patriated for years in a barbaric kingdom,
he wanted to see, smell and taste New York.
He bought a paper but did not look at it.
People interested him more than news so
far. He was already wondering how soon
he could call upon the Remsdens—upon
Helen Remsden, to be exact. It was mid-
morning and he would have to wait until
afternoon he decided. But he could send
some flowers, and did.

He walked down Fifth Avenue to his

hotel, got his' room, washed up and went
out again on the streets. The unread
paper was still in his pocket.

  Still on the Avenue, enjoying the bustle
of the crowds, the things in the shop
windows, he came to Madison Square
and sat down among the flotsajn and
jetsam of the city. Presently he pulled
out the paper and gradually became more
and more interested. On an inner page
was a half-tone engraving of two men in
the most modem of conventional attire,
silk-hatted yet prominently foreign, Ori-
ental. The caption read:

  Prince Liu Chi and his cousin, Prince Ten Shin,
who have foresworn their ancient titles for China’s
new republicanism. They come to America as
deputies of the new government to study the
institutions and policies of the United States.

  It was interesting reading to McNeill,
though he wondered at the strange turn
of mind that changed the descendants of so
old a dynasty to such ardent liberalists.
But the establishment of the new republic
upon so firm a basis as to make its envoys
recognized generally by the United States
Government, as these princes seemed to be,
to judge by what they had done and what
programs were still in store for them
officially, held a measure of comfort.

  The old powers and traditions of Hoang
Lung would die hard, but they might, in
the rush of new thought and an open policy
toward the Occident, die swiftly. Much
of their power would be curtailed with their
prestige. They would lie low awhile until
the ever turning kaleidoscope of awakening
China shifted to a new pattern of the same
varicolored parts.

  There would be a lifting of the ban
against the desecrators of the shrine, and
the followers of the old legendary faiths
would be content with the restoration of
their relic. He wondered if Prince Liu
Chi or his cousin had heard of the outrage.
If so their racial traits would hold the
memory despite the 'camouflage of New
World veneer. China’s ancient faith would
not change with its policies, save out-
wardly. The two nobles were registered
at his own hotel, he noted.

  Another article flashed at him as he
turned the page. It was not a lengthy
one, but the headlines leaped at him, making
the half-inch capitals that formed the
name of Remsden seem as large as wood
block freak captions. The article read:
The Dragon’s Claw

161

  Howard Remsden, celebrated explorer and col-
lector of things anthropological, recently returned
from hazardous adventures in the interior of China,
was last night unanimously appointed president of
the Columbian Museum of Philological Research,
a post of great honor among scientists who strive
to build the ancient history of the races of the
world. After making his speech of acceptance,
Mr. Remsden formally presented the museum
with a curio that is without parallel—a relic dating
back to the myths of ancient China, no less an
object than the long worshipped claw of one of the
legendary dragon gods of the Flowery Kingdom.

  This morning Mr. Remsden is to deliver an
address on this unique possession to the members of
the museum and other invited savants. Among
the guests will be the two visiting princes, Liu Chi
and Ten Shin. While Prince Liu Chi, when inter-
viewed last night at his hotel, laughingly deprecated
any belief that the claw actually belonged to such
a mythical demigod, he professed intense interest
in viewing it and listening to Mr. Remsden.

  “Modem China looks at such things as a modem
American might the relics of some Indian cairn,”
said Prince Ten Shin in corroboration of his cousin’s
attitude. “It is fitting that the most progressive
of nations should hold such an antiquity. I under-
stand there are certain characters carven upon
the jade holder that may be of value to twentieth
century research, from our standpoint. We shall
certainly accept the invitation of the museum
authorities.”

  Both princes speak English fluently and seem
entirely at home with our customs, which they
have largely adopted.

  This was a staggering thing and McNeill,
mechanically folding up the paper, emitted
so sharp a whistle that the passers-by
looked at him curiously. But he paid no
heed to them.

  How could Remsden have presented the
claw to the museum when, he, McNeill,
had given it over to Tao Chan as ransom
for the girl? Some jugglery had gone
on here—jugglery that increased the danger
to Remsden and his stepdaughter to tlie
wth degree. The visit of the two princes
could not be merely a coincidence. Their
liberalism was palpably a blind and their
real mission revealed. They were after the
claw.

 Yet the claw was with Tao Chan. It
could not be possible that Remsden had
regained it. He had literally fled from
Peking. It was almost absurd to think
there was another relic like it. McNeill
was positive there was not. Even if there
was, the possession of it—the gift of it to
the museum would be as deadly.

 The interview did not ring true to
McNeill. It might have been reported
correctly, but what did an American news-
paperman know of the subtleties of the
IX

Oriental mind? No matter what story
Remsden might have coined as to his
obtaining possession of the relic, to exhibit
such an object of reverence to the princes
would be, in their eyes, little short of an
insult—a sacrilege. They must surely know
all about what had happened at the temple.

  While Americans might think little of a
Chinese museum having on show specimens
of early American culture or crudeness,
the claw had been imbedded for unrecorded
centuries in the heart of all that was
Chinese. It was interwoven with the
very essence of ancestor worship. It was
holy. No American who had not lived
years in China could ever hope to see the
differences of thought in such an affair.
The racial ideas of the two nations were
thousands of years apart. Even Remsden
could not properly sense what McNeill felt.

  Now the claw was in the museum and
Remsden, in his blind pomposity, was
elevated to the pinnacle he had been
willing to spend so much—to risk so much
—to obtain. But, in the eyes of the princes,
for all their affectation of Occidental ideas,
Remsden was a profaner of shrines, a robber
of China’s holy of holies. McNeill had
to admit that the museum must have the
claw, though how this had happened was
a riddle hard to solve.

  What would be the next move? pon-
dered McNeill. An attempt to get hold
of the claw, or swift and horrible revenge
upon Helen, her stepfather and, perhaps,
himself, if they knew of his presence in
New York.

  McNeill strove to unravel what might
be in the minds of the two princes and then
he started north for the Remsdens. It
was vital that he should find out just what
had occurred—what Remsden had done—
where the claw came from. He wondered
whether Helen had been present at the
reception. The early evening editions came
out, but there was nothing more in them.
A Wall Street magnate had collapsed, and
the market was in jeopardy. The Chinese
princes were eclipsed, Remsden forgotten.

THE East Nineties reached and
the house located, McNeill sent in
his card by a serving man who ele-
vated his eyebrows the slightest bit as he
pronounced the name and then, ushering
McNeill into a reception room, said—

  “I’ll see if Miss Remsden is at home, sir.”
162

Adventure

  McNeill heard a door shut somewhere
down the hall. Then he caught faint
echoes of a voice he recognized as Rems-
den’s. The man came back, demurely
apologetic.

  “Miss Remsden is not at home, sir.
Gone out of town for a few days. Mr.
Remsden said he would see you some other
time, sir, regretting that he is very busy
just now, sir. Yes, sir. T thank you.”

  McNeill had done nothing to render the
man grateful and he went out to his still
waiting taxi a little hurt, a great deal dis-
appointed, and much more worried. At
his hotel a note was awaiting him that had
been brought by special messenger. It
read:

Dear Mr. McNeii.l:

  Your flowers were beautiful and it was very
thoughttul of you to send them. I hope I am going
to see you soon, but father seems for some reason
opposed at present to your coming to the house.

   I am sure, however, that there will soon come an
opportunity for thanking you in person better than
I can by this brief note.

                     Sincerely yours,

Helen Remsden.

  And the note was dated that afternoon
and superscribed—

This Afternoon,

                 At Home.

  “So that is how the wind blows?” said
McNeill sotto voce. “The old boy thinks
I’ll bawl him out whatever yarn he puts
up about getting the claw. For that I’m
to be lied to and refused admittance. We’ll
see about that. I wonder if the fool thinks
he is not in actual danger?”

  He dressed for his lonely dinner for the
sheer pleasure of wearing clothes long for-
eign to him, and the head waiter, recog-
nizing an out-of-the-ordinary person in Ins
appearance, gave him a good table just the
right distance from the music and not far
from where the Chinese princes were emi-
nently enjoying an Occidental menu.

  They were with a party of American men
and women, the latter exploiting foreign
magnates to their own gratification. No
one seemed to look his way and he lingered
over his own carefully chosen meal after
the eastern royalty had left. His tip duly
impressed his waiter, as did his word of
thanks for service. The man lingered.

  “I beg your pardon, sir,” he said, “but
the man who waited on them foreign chaps

wanted to find out your name. Of course
I didn’t know it sir, but-?”

  “He could easily have got it, I suppose.

Thanks.”

  “Ever been there, sir? China, I mean.
I’ve got a cousin in Shanghai who sells
sewing-machines. Doing well, too.”

  “Yes, I’ve been there. He should do
well. Reserve this table for me tomorrow
night, will you?”

  “Yes, sir.”

  So one of the princes, or both, had been
interested in him. Why? McNeill cogi-
tated over that a long time that night
before he went to sleep. And, in the morn-
ing, he fancied he began to see the answer.

  The claw was to the fore in the papers
once more. The museum had been broken
into some time between two and three
o’clock. Only the vigilance of the special
watchmen had prevented serious vandalism.
The intruders were masked. Only a glimpse
had been caught of them in the Oriental
gallery where the claw of the dragon king,
presented by the newly elected president,
was deposited. A protective agency man,
felt-shod, had seen the marauders bending
over the case in which the claw had been
placed. He shouted and fired as the
burglars rushed for an open window from
which the netting had been removed. Two
other watchmen had rushed to his assist-
ance and a general alarm was turned in.

  Blood was found on the windowsill,
showing that the bullet of the watchman
had been well aimed. Traces of a ladder,
presumably of the extension variety, were
found in the turf below the windows. It
was said that a swift car had been seen
breaking the speed limits in the vicinity
of the museum. The police believed they
had an important clew. Special precau-
tions were to be taken to safeguard the
curio.

  Prince Liu Chi could not be reached this
morning, the paper stated, having re-
tired, but his secretary announced the
sincere regrets of both their highnesses at
the occurrence, coupled with an expression
of thanks that the attempt had failed and
a hope that the robbers would be given over
to the justice of American law and order.

  The telephone rang as McNeill was
reading over the article the second time.
It was Helen Remsden’s voice he recog-
nized.

  “Can you come up here, right away?”
The Dragon’s Claw

163

she asked, and her voice quivered with
anxiety. “Father is dreadfully upset and
wants to see you as soon as possible.”

  “I’m starting now,” McNeill answered.

  “Wants to make me his burden-bearer
once more, I suppose,” McNeill told him-
self as he hastily finished his dressing.
“Well, I’m not going without breakfast
for his sake.”

CHAPTER VII

THE GLOVE OF VELVET

SOMETHING had surely happened to
Howard Remsden. Gone was his
attempt at patronizing McNeill, gone
was his smug assurance. The man seemed
to have shrunk like a balloon from which
enough gas has escaped to make the outline
flabby. His florid complexion was blotched
and there were sagging pouches under his
eyes, which themselves held a constant
appeal. Something had evidently fright-
ened Remsden badly and he clung to
McNeill’s hand as would a despairing
swimmer to the rescuer.

  McNeill was not particularly sorry for
him and he did not pretend to be. It was
the request of Helen Remsden and the look
in her eyes that proclaimed him her cham-
pion, that made him more than barely civil
to her stepfather. Moreover, whatever peril
faced him included her. For his own, he
was not bothering just then.

  “I want you to read this first, Neill,”
said Remsden. “I am not good at Chinese
script, as you know; then I’ll tell you
everything. They are after the claw!”

  He lowered his voice as a servant entered
the library where they were closeted, a
magnificent room of carved paneling, carved
furniture and gorgeous Oriental hangings
and rugs.

  “The men have come about putting up
the bars, sir,” said the servant, the same
man who had refused McNeill permission
to see Miss Remsden the day before.

  Neill held nothing against him for obeying
orders—a flunkey must lie when his master
tells him, he supposed—-and today there
was a deference in the man’s manner
toward the visitor that showed that he
was universally regarded in the Remsden
household as the man of the hour.

  “Tell ’em to begin with my bedroom and
Miss Remsden’s, Jackson,” said Remsden.

“I’m having the windows all barred,” he
said. “The house is otherwise protected
but, one never knows.”

  The hands of the collector and new
president of the Philological Museum were
visibly trembling. His cocksureness had
evaporated but McNeill could not resist
getting in one dig.

  “Even in America?” he asked.

  Remsden reddened.

  “Even in America,” he admitted. “There
are subtle forces at work, McNeill. I feel
them. Those two princes-”

  He shuddered and passed the scroll of
ricepaper that had been fluttering in his
nervous hands across to McNeill.

  “I found this pinned to my coverlet
this morning,” he said. “Pinned by this.”

  He took from a drawer of the massive desk
at which he was sitting a pin of soft gold,
exquisitely carved in the shape of a dragon.

  “The imperial dragon,” he said. “Six-
clawed! How could it have come there,
McNeill? My servants might have been
bribed, but they could not lie to me success-
fully, and the door to my room was locked
and bolted. 1 had locked the shutters of
my windows on the outside. I had searched
my room before I went to bed. I have
been all nerves lately—since yesterday.
But there it was.”

  He went with dragging heels to a side-
board and helped himself to brandy and
soda, offering some to McNeill, who, study-
ing the scroll, refused with a shake of his
head.

  “Want me to read it aloud?” he asked

Remsden.

  “Yes.”

  The hesitation in his voice was like that
of a prisoner about to hear a death warrant.
McNeill studied over the hieroglyphs once
more.

  “This is a fairly exact translation,” he
premised.

      “Time holds the eternal balances,

     But man may weight the scales.

     A maid and a flower—both are beautiful.

     Yet, when the wind blows from the East,

      Lo, they perish as straws in the furnace!'’

 “The wind—from the East—from
China!” groaned Remsden. “The maid,
that means Helen!”

  There was a real note of anguish in his
voice that surprized McNeill. He had not
thought that Remsden was capable of
such genuine affection for the girl. He
Adventure

himself plainly understood the subtle threat
and his jaw set hard before he took up the
reading:

“Who shall stay the hand of the Reaper?

Only he who hath a clear conscience need not fear
   him.

Yet restitution may purge the soul,

But the path of the perverse one shall be sown with
   knives.

Wo, wo unto him who mocks the ghosts of a thou-
   sand generations!

The gods are great—and awful is their vengeance!
They strike, and we see not whence comes the blow,
nor when.

Neither do their hearts soften to the stubborn evil-
   doer.

Terror shall go down with him into the Place of
   Shadows!"

  “Well?” asked Remsden. “What do you
make of it?”

  “It is not time for me to talk yet,” said
McNeill. “I want some explanations from
you. To save your stepdaughter from the
fanatic priests, I took back the claw to
the temple, not with any eagerness on
your part, at that. I saw the claw turned
over to the priest and I returned with
Helen—with Miss Remsden. Now, in New
York, I read that you have presented the
claw to the museum and now, for the
second time,' you tell me that she is in
jeopardy on account of it, and on account
of your own infernal ambition,” he added
grimly.

  “Now, Remsden, you concealed from me
your first depredations from the temple.
Don’t hide anything from me this time.
I warn you that if your stepdaughter’s fife
hangs by a thread, as I believe it does,
yours is still closer to annihilation.”

  He saw in the dilated eyes of Remsden
that he, too, realized this. It was not
terror for liis stepdaughter as much as for
himself that had shaken him. She was a
pawn seized in the game whose capture left
him, the king, open to attack.

  “Now then,” McNeill went on, “is this
claw you have given the museum another,
inferior specimen that somewhere you have
got hold of or is it a fake that you have
perpetrated after having to restore the
original. And what cock-and-bull story
have you foisted off on the museum con-
cerning it? If it is so, while the princes,
knowing the true claw safe and sound,
have laughed at you and all America in
their Oriental sleeves, you have never-
theless exposed yourself as the man who

ravished their sacred shrine, and now they
preshadow their revenge.

  “Or, is there something deeper? What-
ever it is, come clean with it. Helen,
whom I love, is in danger. I am included
in all likelihood. They tried to bowstring
me in California. As for yourself, your
death is certain unless intervention comes.
And it will not be a pleasant death, Rems-
den, for all your vaunt of New York police
protection, for all your steel bars, I am
the only one who might help you, who
must help you, for Helen’s sake. But you
must tell me the truth—the whole truth
and nothing but the truth.”

  Remsden moistened his lips. Once more
he lowered his voice to a whisper, took a long
sip of the brandy and water and glanced
fearfully about the room.

  “It is the original,” he said. “The claw
in the museum, I mean.”

  McNeill’s jaw began to protrude and his
forehead to knit. Remsden hurried on:
“I’ll tell you everything, McNeill. It’s
due you, in a way, I’ll grant that. Of
course you came out all right. There was
no chance of a slip, and I offered you extra
compensation for the risk.

“WHEN I told you in Peking that
I didn’t have the claw and couldn’t
get it for two days, it was because
I had entrusted it to a Chinese jeweler
for duplication. A wonderful craftsman,
the only man in China, I think, who could
have copied it, and you know what wonders
the Orientals are at duplication. I had to
pay him an enormous sum to overcome his
superstitions—almost as much as I paid
Fung-Ti in the first place—but he did it
He brought the two to me at the Im-
perial-”

  “I saw the man,” said McNeill shortly.
"I thought you had referred it to him for an
opinion. Go on.”

  “The facsimile was perfect. I couldn’t
have known them apart and I made the
closest examination. I doubt if the old
craftsman himself would have known the
difference, once they were juggled, if I
hadn’t taken the precaution to impregnate
the original with ambergris. The perfume
sank into the jade and the claw, and some
of it still clings. The copy, of course, was
unscented.”

  He sat back with a glint of satisfaction
on his features at the cleverness he had
The Dragon’s Claw

165

shown, but this faded at the sight of
McNeill’s face.

  “So you deliberately sent me back to
the Hoang Lung with a duplicate when
Helen’s life was hanging in the balance!
Her honor, the prospect of horrible degrada-
tion and torture all depended on it—not
to speak of my own safety or my own honor.
I swore to Tao Chan that I had kept faith
with him. Remsden, there are no words
that I am capable of to tell you what I
think of you—a man so besotted by his
own puny chance for fame that he

would-”

  “I tell you there was no chance of a slip.
The two could not be told apart.”

  “And what if I had been delayed upon
the trip? Your master-craftsman, whose
dread you thought you had bought over
with your gold, was still the slave of his
superstitions. We met him hurrying to
Hoang Lung to confess to the trickery.
I thought he was merely bearing the news
of the theft and laughed at the poor fool.
He was death incarnate riding to our de-
struction! Twenty-four hours after he had
passed us Tao Chan knew what you had
done.

  “I wouldn’t give the seed of a dried fig for
your life, Remsden, for all your bars and
your protection. You have deserved the
death of Fung-Ti, in my estimation, you
vile imitation of a pariah! If it wasn’t
that your dirty chicanery involved Helen
I would beat you to a pulp and leave this
house in the sure knowledge that, if you
don’t die of heart failure from cowardice,
it is because the gods they write of in this
script have reserved you for something more
appropriate in the way of punishment.”
He had risen and was towering over the
crumpled Remsden, who was whining in his
chair.

  “Don’t go back on me, McNeill! For
Helen’s sake! I did not dream of the
jeweler’s going to Hoang Lung.

  “The fives of the three of us are in
jeopardy. Yours is forfeit.”

  “There must be some way out, McNeill—
some way.”

  “There is one chance—to make restitu-
tion of the claw. It is possible they may
make terms—may keep them. I can see
these two princes. They have evidently
been communicated with by cable from
China. For all their avowal of modem
thought, they have still to play politick at

home. I have reason to believe that they
can be treated with.”

  “Yes, I think so. But I can’t give them
back the claw, McNeill.”

  “Why not?”

  Remsden gulped the rest of his liquor.
A stubborn look was on his face.

  “Because I can’t, and I won’t. I’ve
been upset a bit. That paper, and some-
thing that happened yesterday—but,-

it, this is America and bigger men than I
have been safeguarded for years against
greater perils. I’ll—I’ll go to sea, if
necessary, and stay there. I have my own
yacht. I’ll take Helen with me. You can
come along too, if you are so afraid of the
vengeance of Tao Chan or whatever his
name is. But I won’t give it up.”

  Back of the man’s bluster, that yet was
not all bluff, for it was backed by deter-
mination, McNeiU read accurately the
reason for his stiffening. He would not
sacrifice his own presidency, so long coveted.
In all probability it had been obtained by
his promise of the relic to the museum.
Such arrangements were not uncommon.
To take back the claw would mean his
resignation, an awkward explanation, per-
haps making him the laughing stock of the
scientific world. Far rather would Rems-
den sacrifice any one near and dear to him,
even run the chance of death for himself.

  “I am not afraid,” said McNeill. “It is
quite possible that you may be able to safe-
guard yourself for a time, but I am going
to do one tiling. I am going to convince
Prince Liu Chi and Prince Ten Shin of the
absolute innocence of Helen and myself
in this matter. After that you can do as
you please. If I can’t convince them
I shall give out the true story of the claw.”

 “Ah-ha! To whom? The press? Do
you think they would believe you—take
the word of a penniless adventurer against
Howard Remsden? I would say you were
attempting to blackmail me.”

  “You would be very sorry if you did,
Remsden,” replied McNeill quietly. “Very
sorry, I assure you, but there is no use
wrangling. I’ll see the princes. As for
yourself, you seem to have changed your
attitude since I arrived. It may be the
brandy or perhaps your nerves react
swiftly. If I can get what I deem satis-
factory assurance from Liu Chi and Ten
Shin as to the safety of your stepdaughter
and myself, why, you can take your own
Adventure

measures for protection. They may be
quite sufficient, if expensive. Good morn-
ing.”

  “Hold on a minute, McNeill. There is
no good wrangling, as you say. I’m getting
on a bit. Never used to know what nerves
were, like you. It’s indigestion; that’s
what it is. But you’ll let me know how
you come out with the princes, won’t you?”

  Neill reflected. It would give him a good
reason for coming back—a chance to see
Helen.

  “You said something happened yester-
day,” he said. “At the meeting when
you gave your address, I suppose. What
was it?”

  “Doubtless I exaggerated it,” said Rems-
den.

  The colossal conceit and egoism of
the man had already restored him from
the fright caused by the finding of the
paper pinned to his counterpane. Now a
shadow of fear was visible. He hesitated.

  “It was awkward—unexpected,” he be-
gan, “I mean the presence in New York
of Liu Chi and Ten Shin. Then some of
the committee asked them to be present
and the press took it up. It was em-
barrassing. I had to change the talk
I had prepared in some measure.”

  Remsden got fiery red under McNeill’s
shrewd look.

  “But it went off well enough until it came
to meeting the princes. I say well enough,
though I had felt all through my speech
that they were laughing at me—you know
what I mean, McNeill, those ivory faces,
motionless, the smooth lids that don’t
open like a white man’s, they just slit apart
and you see their black eyes laughing at you,
like mocking devils. And, when they
shook hands, it was like touching the skin
of a snake!

  “ ‘Hands across the sea,’ that’s what
Liu Chi said, ‘we are not so far apart,
Mr. Remsden, after all.’ That was a
threat, all right—a touch of the velvet
glove. Nothing of the hatchetman method
about those two slick yellow devils, Mc-
Neill. And they smiled when they handled
the claw. I had a wild idea that they
might try to claim it. I would never
have made the presentation if I had known
of their presence in the country, but they
just smiled with their eyes and gave it back
to Forsythe, our curator, who was watching
them as he does every one, even me, with

the eyes of a hawk. The gift belongs to
the museum and he is responsible. Every
one is a possible thief in his eyes.”

  “I suppose,” commented McNeill, “that
all ancient curios may be styled stolen
goods. The dead and their habitations
have been ravished of jewels; temples of

their carvings and inscriptions-”

  “That’s it exactly, Neill,” broke in
Remsden. “That’s the point of view you
must take. Science must not be judged,
however, by the rules applied to the living.
I do not consider myself a thief but a—■
a-”

  “A benefactor.” The sarcasm was lost.
“It was the way the prince said ‘we are
not so far apart,’ that impressed me.
They are both in it. They mean to get it.
They were at the bottom of the attempted
robbery last night.”

   “If it had been possible for the duplicated
claw to get across,” said McNeill, “they
might have made a shift. That would
have eased matters. But it would take
some powerful influence to make Tao Chan
let even the copy go. The shrine has
worshipers and he will not let the common
people know of the substitution. It would
spell peril for him to be without the
fetish.

   “But I will let you know the result of my
interview. Now, for my own business.
I would like to see Miss Helen. I might
tell you that those affairs of mine are no
longer in the air. They are being exploited
with ample capital and protection.”

  “I am glad to hear it, glad to hear it,
I am sure. Wish you every success.”
Remsden touched a bell. “Tell Miss Helen
that Mr. McNeill would like to see her,
Jackson.”

McNEILL found Helen Remsden
in her own parlor. Thankful that
she was not the type that required
reservations, he told her frankly that there
was a certain menace concerning the claw.
That her stepfather had fallen in her esti-
mation was evident. She had thought the
present he had made to the museum was
merely a clever substitution and, though
she said nothing as to the risk to which
they had been exposed at the Hoang Lung
temple, her manner conveyed her opinion
of the man who had prompted it.

  “I think I can remove the menace,” said
McNeill, “but your father-”
The Dragon’s Claw

167

  “My stepfather,” she corrected point-
edly.

  “Your stepfather must be made to return
the claw.”

  “He will not do that,” she affirmed.
“He would have to degrade himself in his
own light. The museum would have to
acknowledge having been deceived. He
would lose his presidency.”

  “I think there may be a way out,” said
McNeill. “I am to come again tomorrow.
Shall I see you?”

  “Certainly. I shall be glad.”

  McNeill went off happily, but he had
all his wits about him and he did not fail
to see a man, who had been lounging at
the corner, slouchingly follow. Neill had
dismissed his taxi and now he swung into
the park. His shadow persisted and Mc-
Neill led him on at a smart pace, turning
a corner abruptly and hiding behind some
shrubbery. He saw the man go by and
saw also, stamped on his skull-like face,
the evidence of opium.

  “I shall have an interesting interview
with our Oriental potentates, I fancy,”
he told himself as he caught a bus to return
to his hotel.

  His room was made up. Pinned to the
pillow-sham was a gold dragon, six-clawed,
made into a stick pin. McNeill shrugged
his shoulders.

  “Nothing small about their methods,”
he said aloud, then deliberately removed
the pearl from the scarf and replaced it
with the emblem of the dragon-kmg.

CHAPTER VIII

THE HAND OF STEEL

THE suites allotted to Princes Liu Chi
and Ten Shin were costly according
their capaciousness, running the full
length of one corridor of the famous New
York hostelry. A private elevator was
part of the equipment and to this McNeill,
having arranged his appointment, was
ushered by the urbane secretary of the
imperial entourage that, despite their
affectation of democracy, still retained
the attributes of Chinese aristocracy and
accompanying wealth.

  A Chines boy was elevator pilot and,
once on the floor of the suite, America
gave place to the Flowery Kingdom.
There was no suggestion of anything

Occidental, save in the electric fixtures,
disguised beneath oiled-silk lanterns, and
the telephones. Either brought with them,
or secured from New York Oriental mer-
chants, the furniture, the rugs, the hangings
—every detail were those of an imperial
apartment in the Forbidden City.

  The secretary, in American clothes, dis-
appeared in the ante-chamber and pres-
ently a giant Chinaman, whose silken garb
bore the insignia of the royal house, ushered
McNeill into a room where Liu Chi and
Ten Shin, arrayed in magnificent brocades,
rose to meet him and bade him be seated
upon a lounge tapestried with sprawling
dragons.

  McNeill still wore the dragon pin,
dressed as he was for the morning appoint-
ment, and a compact automatic was ready
to his hand. It would not be hard to
dispose of him, he reflected, if he gave
them the chance. He had come up in a
private elevator. No one would know
when he went down, if he ever did, save a
Chinaman. His body could be smuggled
out in some trunk and got rid of quietly.
McNeill was not morbid about this possi-
bility. It was quite on the cards and he
prepared for it as best he could.

  “I expect an important call in some
fifteen minutes,” he said after the due
ceremonial of greeting had been gone
through. “Would it be too much if it was
transmitted to me here?”

  Liu Chi smiled and gave orders in his own
language to that effect.

  “To what do we owe the pleasure of this
visit, Mr. McNeill? We have heard that
you have visited our country, have, in fact,
lived there for several years. That is inter-
esting. You will realize, for one thing,
the difficulty of assimilation that besets
a land like ours in taking up Occidental
thought and ideas, when my countrymen
are so steeped with ignorance and super-
stition. But we must do the best we can.”

  The idea of these two imperious beings,
bred of a thousand years of despotic
measure, being seriously inclined to sim-
plicity of any sort that bespoke equality,
struck McNcill as absurd. It would take
many generations for China to become a
true republic. Liu Chi and Ten Shin
were merely going with the current and
taking good care of themselves mean-
while. He decided to match Oriental
guile with Yankee-Irish bluntness of attack.
Adventure

  “I have come here to tell you a straight
tale,” he commenced and recited, omitting
no detail, the history of the claw from the
time he had first met Remsden and, at-
tracted by Helen, agreed to act as guide
and interpreter. Through it all the two
princes sat like statues, immutable, their
eyes only shown by narrow bars of glitter-
ing jet between their narrowed lids. So
did the imperial mandarins sit in justice.
At the close Ten Shin started to exchange
a few words with his cousin, but McNeill
interrupted:

  “I understand the Mandarin dialect,”
he said.

  Ten Slain and Liu Chi gravely nodded
an acknowledgment.

  “That is very honorable of you,” said
the latter. “And honor does not dwell in
unclean places.”

  But, for all their politeness, McNeill
believed the tiling had been a test. Anyway
he had scored.

  “Your tale is well told,” said Liu Chi.
“Yet we can not think why you should
think us especially interested. The mu-
seums of England, of France, of all coun-
tries hold relics of past races. Our own
country has long been overrun by con-
querors; it is the most polyglot of nations,
of mixed blood, mixed faiths. ‘The old
order changeth, yielding place to new,’ as
Tennyson writes. And we, my cousin and
myself, are of the new order.

  “We can not hold any responsibility for
Mr. Remsden’s emotions. The Hoang
Lung is a far-reacliing organization, linked
by mysticism as it is. It is possible that
some of their members may have attempted
to threaten Mr. Remsden and play upon
his fears, but, of a surety, we do not wish
the claw. We were curious to see it, yes,
but there our interest ceases. We came
here for things concerning this generation
and those to come, Mr. McNeill, long
before Mr. Remsden visited the temple of
Hoang Lung. You must be aware of that.

  “You seem to make it very plain that
neither Miss Remsden nor yourself were
implicated in this matter or in the sub-
stitution. I sincerely trust that, if any
members of the Hoang Lung are in doubt
as to this, they may be convinced before
they carry out any threats, if they so
intend.”

  McNeill, listening to the smooth syllables,
with all the difficult r’s sounded perfectly,

knew that Liu Chi was lying, but he could
do nothing. They also thought that he had
lied concerning the innocence of Helen
and himself in the affair, or they did not
care. Ten Shin took up the talk.

  “We can not pretend to influence such
of our countrymen who may still cling
to superstition,” he said. “We have de-
liberately severed ourselves from such.
We shall hope, of course, to teach them
better in time. We are sorry we can do
nothing for you, glad to have listened to
you. We would suggest that, for Mr.
Remsden’s peace of mind, he might open
up negotiations for the return or exchange
of the claw, speaking merely as those having
knowledge of the workings of the Chinese
trend of thought. One unfortunate national
characteristic of ours is revenge, particu-
larly when allied to faiths, however loosely
foimded.

  “You evidently, from the style of the
communication conveyed to Mr. Remsden,
have to do with a clever mentality. I
would suggest that any reprisal that might
be intended would be divided into two
parts—punishment and insistence upon the
return of the true relic. As long as Mr.
Remsden seems the key, the only key to
that return, so long will he be safe from
punishment. As to the reference to Miss
Remsden, speaking again from the general
understanding of my more bigoted and
ignorant countrymen, I fear, I greatly
fear that, even if we could interfere, it
would be too late.”

  “Just exactly what do you mean?” asked
McNeill.

  The absolutely unemotional, even pro-
nunciation, like drops of water falling on
the bar of a xylophone, the mask-like faces,
the atmosphere of the room with its dim
lights, masked windows, a hint of incense,
had gradually chilled him. These men
were pitiless.

  “Mr. Remsden was warned yesterday.”

  Then Helen had been already struck in
some mysterious way. McNeill’s fingers
gripped his automatic. His muscles tensed.

  A telephone sounded.

  “Your call, I think, Mr. McNeill.”

  He had asked Helen to call him, partly
to assure her that he was working in her
interests, partly as a bluff to the princes.
His spirit lightened as he heard her
voice.

  “And I suppose I have you to thank for
The Dragon’s Claw

the magnificent roses,” she was saying.
“You mustn’t be so extravagant.”

  “It was not I,” he answered. “But I’ll
see you this afternoon.”

  He hung up the receiver in relief. He was
certain that the two princes were watching
him covertly, as cats might watch a mouse.
But Helen was safe, despite their covert
threats.

  Again he tried the direct method.

  “If I succeed in getting Mr. Remsden
to relinquish the claw,” he said, “could
I count upon your influence to have the
news transmitted to those most inter-
ested—to Tao Chan for example?”

  “You may be assured, Mr. McNeill,
that we will do all that we can. For your
own warning, if you so regard the pin you
found on your pillow, we can hardly better
recommend you than to the wonderful
protective methods of your great city,
many of which we hope to ultimately adopt
or adapt. Before we leave we hope to
give a banquet to those with whom we have
come in close contact. May I hope that
you will be present?”

RjS DISMISSED, down in the private
elevator and back into America
again, McNeill went chagrined to his
own room. He knew that he had failed,
that he had touched only the shell of the
consciousness of the princes. Not one
shade of doubt, of surprize, of anger or
pity, not one atom of any emotion had they
shown. He might as well have spoken
to the lacquered images in the temple at
Hoang Lung. But from that minute he
would watch the safety of Helen. She
must be made to understand her danger.
The infinite sarcasm of his reception
burned within him. He had been as im-
potent as a small boy blowing bubbles at
the feet of the great statue of Buddha at
Laiting.

  He was before his time at the Remsden
residence, but Helen was expecting him.
The roses she had spoken of were in a tall
vase of metal—gorgeous American Beauty
roses several feet tall.

  “The most exquisite, royal things,” she
said. “And the thorniest! But you have
to pay for them by the length of the stem,
I understand. I thought they were from
you and I was going to scold you for the
pricks I got in arranging them.”

  “I wish I had thought of them,” said

McNeill regretfully. “And I am very
sorry for the damaged fingers. Was the^e
no card with them?”

 “No. I looked carefully. But they
came from your hotel.”

  McNeill looked thoughtful for a moment.
“I have promised to see your father
before I go,” he said. “I failed to convince
the princes. They pleaded lack of interest
and, in almost the same breath, emphasized
the threat. You have got to be careful
of your comings and goings, Helen. Promise
me that you will?”

  She noted his first free use of her name
as she blushed and then answered:

  “Very well, Neill, what do you suggest?”

CHAPTER IX

THE WHITE DEATH

THE next day the princes went to Wash-
ington by invitation to see the' sights
of the Capital City. Their suite was still
reserved, but McNeill breathed a little
more easily. The menace hanging over
Helen seemed less imminent though he
could neither dismiss nor fathom the sug-
gestion of Ten Shin that it had already fal-
len, and it had been an assertion rather than
a suggestion. But the days went by and she
appeared as blooming as ever, while Rems-
den himself completely regained his poise.

  No national president was better safe-
guarded than was he night and day; the
protection extending to his stepdaughter.
He no longer affected to hold McNeill at a
distance. The Irishman’s polite covering
of the contempt in which he held Remsden
may have enraged him, but it also forced
him to at least an equal politeness, as a lion
will go through tricks it hates from fear of
the tamer and his whip.

  There were few allusions to the claw.
Twice McNeill urged Remsden to do some-
thing toward the restoration of the claw,
to communicate with the princes at their
hotel in Washington, but, confident in the
power of his little army of protectors, he
stubbornly refused to discuss the question.

  It was a week after the departure of
Liu Chi and his cousin that Helen made a
complaint that struck fear into the heart
of McNeill, ever alert for danger against
the girl he loved and, who, he had reason to
believe, returned his love. In the shadow
that he still feared hung over them all, he
170

Adventure

had not spoken to her openly, but there
were a hundred signs that cheer even
despairing lovers, and McNeill was far from
being despondent.

  He had definitely made up his mind to
force Remsden’s hand upon the princes’
return, scheduled for the tenth day after
they left for Washington. Their banquet
had been set for the following evening and
all New York, especially that part of its
social center that had not been invited,
was agog over the rumored extravagance
of the affair.

  It was to be an Arabian Nights enter-
tainment, it was said. There would be
magic wrought in more ways than one,
and all the fabled magnificence of Aladdin’s
gardens would fade before the spectacle
of the feast to be spread in the private suite
of their imperial highnesses as the society
columns, still secretly delighting in titles,
styled these two Chinamen who claimed to
be representatives of a new republic.
Guests had been asked to attend in Oriental
garb, and all the glamour of a fancy-dress
affair fascinated the fashion-writers and
stimulated the curiosity and envy of those
not fortunate enough to receive invitations.

  Remsden, rather in fear than bravado,
McNeill thought, had accepted for himself
and Helen, and Neill himself had likewise
signified his intention of being present.
Helen and he were discussing costumes
when she presented her finger for his
inspection.

  “It is numb, Neill,” she said. “First
it was the upper joint and now it is the
second—the same finger I pricked so badly
with those roses 1 thought you sent me.
I can’t bend it between those twT joints at
all. Look at it.”

  As McNeill took the tapering finger a
strange fear gripped his heart. The men-
tion of the roses seemed to have promoted
the presentiment. Helen’s hand was white,
well kept, the texture of a gardenia petal,
though the tips showed the faint rose-hue
of perfect health. The index finger of the
right hand was the one she complained
about, and McNeill noticed that it was
subtly different from the rest.

  He could bend it between the first and
second joints but there was no reflex action.
The nail lacked color and the pinkness of
the tip was entirely missing. The flesh
was unshriveled, but it had a frozen look;
it was like a finger carved in alabaster,

a finger of Galatea with all the rest of the
beautiful statue come to life.

  A tiny, light-brown speck marked where
the sharp thorns of the American beauties
had punctured the skin and drawn blood.
There was a smaller mark lower down,
made in the same way. He strove to hide
his premonition. He dared not gaze into
her face, though presently he would have
to force himself to that inspection, he knew
quite well.

  “How long have you noticed this?” he
asked.

  “Since the morning after the thorns
pricked me,” she answered. “I thought
nothing of it, but it has steadily grown
worse. I asked Dr. Hastings about it and
he thought there might be some slight local
infection, but it has not swelled; it has
simply lost all sensation. He didn’t seem
to consider it very serious. It is my sewing
finger, and I do sew occasionally,” she
laughed, “so I have noticed it.”

  “By the way,” asked McNeill casually,
though he made a strong effort to control
his voice, “you never found out who sent
you those roses?”

  “No—no one has claimed the honor.
You,are quite sure you didn’t leave a stand-
ing order, Neill? It would be like you.”
“Quite sure. I wouldn’t worry about
this if I were you. It will probably pass.”
“Oh, I won’t worry about it. It is
probably a matter of circulation. I’ll have
to be more careful of my diet and cut off
candy I suppose.”

  Neill laughed with her and then, de-
liberately forcing back all emotion, he pro-
ceeded to the test he dreaded.

  “Won’t you play something?” he asked,
steadying his voice.

  She went over to the piano and Neill
made a point of choosing something that she
must play by note. To aid her in this he
turned on the piano lights and then settled
himself in a chair that gave him a good
view of her face, turning it, as she did
occasionally, toward him. To the ordi-
nary observer there would have seemed
nothing out of the ordinary, save that the
face was very fair to look upon with its
perfect oval, the scarlet lips and the steady,
large eyes beneath curving, delicately pen-
ciled brows. It was at these latter that
Neill directed his closest attention, though
he managed to hide it from her, smiling
when he met her gaze.
The Dragon’s Claw

171

PPJI WHEN he left her that night, his
|Oj|a nails had cut deeply into his palms.

        “The cowards!” he said. “The
curs! And there is no remedy!”

  At the hotel he made discreet inquiries
at the flower stand—inquiries sped by a
jovial talk and augmented with a liberal
tip. He traced the flowers. There had
been no special attempt to hide their source,
save from the lack of a card—a matter
easily explained by blaming an underling
secretary who would shoulder the responsi-
bility in case of inquiry. They had been
ordered by the secretary of the two Chinese
princes. A not too unusual compliment
from the distinguished foreigners to the
daughter of the president of the museum
whose soiree they had attended, and who
had been placed on the list of guests at their
banquet.

  The flowers and their deadly thorns had
faded and long since been cast away, not
to be recovered.

  But they had accomplished their purpose.
Achieved the deadly end of the fiends who
had sent them. How had the Chinese
scribe written?

A maid and a flower—both are beautiful.

Yet, when the wind blows from the East,

Lo, they perish as straws in the furnace!

 The wind had blown from the East.
Helen was doomed. Doomed with the
living death, the White Death of China—
leprosy!

  McNeill had suspected it in the numbing,
thorn-pricked finger, had confirmed it in
the slight but unmistakable leonine cast
of her brows, a suggestion of furrows and
puffed flesh that is one of the symptoms
of the disease. Leprosy was infectious
and the thorns had been impregnated by
the deadly virus.- The evidence was de-
stroyed, but the girl was sentenced to a loath-
some, ever encroaching dissolution, from
which there was no cure. Only a horrible
segregation under the law.

 Black murder welled up in McNeill,
but he forced it down. Remsden was the
one to blame primarily and he, too, would
be hard hit, for Neill felt that he loved
his stepdaughter. As for the Orientals,
they had been hit and they had struck
back according to their lights. And Helen?
His clear brain reeled for a few moments
as he contemplated the awful fate ahead of
her—a fate that he determined to share

as nearly as he would be allowed. Yet
there must be, should be, a reckoning.
First doctors must be privately consulted,
Helen must be persuaded to see them on
some pretext, the stiffening of her finger,
the lack of circulation, but she must not be
allowed to suspect. It would drive a girl
of her vitality, her love of life, her sensitive-
ness, insane.

   For himself he could only determine one
course. He could bluff up some evidence,
confront the princes. To what definite
avail he knew not but he must find some
vent for his own overmastering fury at the
unfair blow. And Remsden should not be
spared. His selfish pride should be humili-
ated. The claw should be returned. Per-
haps-

CHAPTER X

McNEILL

McNEILL had gone up in the private
elevator by sheer force of arms.
Hiding behind portieres, he had seized the
moment when a visitor descended from the
suites of Liu Chi and Ten Shin on the night
of their coming back from Washington,
waited until the man had disappeared and
the Chinese operator lounged waiting for a
call, and then he had come out, shoved the
muzzle of his gun against the Chinaman’s
blouse and ordered him to ascend.

  The secretary' met him at the top and
to him McNeill applied the same treatment.
His lean face, bossed with muscles from his
set jaws, aided the imagination of the secre-
tary, who walked before him, death joggling
his ribs, into the anteroom and so into the
reception room where the two princes sat.
This time they were in conventional evening
dress, their faces strangely incongruous in
the setting.

   McNeill faced them with a crisp demand
for an audience.

  “Certainly,” assented Liu CM with the
-briefest glance at his cousin. “But there
was, there is no need for violence, Mr.
McNeill. You can put that pistol away.
We are quite adequately protected.”

   “That is where you are mistaken,” said
Neill McNeill. “I do not represent vio-
lence, only force, and that is quite necessary.
And I am amply backed. I do not give a
poppy petal for my own life at the present
moment,” he wTent on, speaking in the
172

Adventure

Mandarin dialect, “save as it may accom-
plish an end and, if it is wiped out, there
are others who possess the actual evidence
I am about to present to you.”

  Again there was that hint of a look, the
swift shuttling of agate eyes, but the
princes said nothing.

  “I do not know how intimate you have
become with the workings of American
justice—” Neill went on, his voice as cold
as ever theirs had sounded—“the justice
that you spoke of adapting to your own
new republic. But there is such a thing
as international law and you have made the
mistake of supposing Mr. Remsden to be
purely a private citizen without influence
at Washington. You can easily assure
yourselves of this mistake by discussion
with your embassy, I am very certain. He
has a great deal of power.

  “You affect to disdain the matter of the
claw in your affectation of new Chinese
policies which you are forced to adopt by
the trend of the times in China. You are
particularly anxious, not merely to remain
upon good terms with the United States
and her allies, but also to negotiate a loan
of considerable magnitude. This has not
been made public and my knowledge of it
should show you that I have not been idle
and that Mr. Remsden, from whom I ob-
tained the information, is in touch with
international affairs.

  “You sent some roses to Miss Remsden.
I have the full evidence. You will be held
responsible for the actions of your secretary,
despite any denial he may make. The
thorns were impregnated with the virus of
leprosy, which was communicated to Miss
Remsden, as you hoped, by the pricking
of her hand. Those thorns have been sub-
jected to analysis, not thrown away, as
you expected. I know the symptoms of
leprosy.

  “To that and the fact that the virus was
so strong as to bring out swiftly those
symptoms, is due Uie fact that the roses
were rescued in time. Your rank may keep
you from imprisonment, but your failure
to make the loan, the general loathing and
suspicion that will be cast upon all Chinese
diplomacy and personality will not serve
to make you popular with your govern-
ment. The evidence is in the hands of our
Secret Service, or will be turned over to
them either upon my order or in case I do
not leave these rooms unscathed or am in

any way interfered with. I have spoken.”
McNeill stopped talking, unable to tell
from those impassive masks what effect his
powerful indictment had made. It was
largely bluff. Remsden did have influence
and the wires had been busy ever since
he had disclosed to Remsden the state of
his daughter’s health. But they had been
unable to recover the roses. Still the cards
were hidden and the stakes were big.

  “We will converse in English,” answered
Ten Shin imperturbably. “You have de-
livered your tirade, Mr. McNeill. If such
a misfortune has overtaken Miss Remsden,
we can understand your feelings and those
of her father, powerless as we may be to
avert them.”

  “Remsden is not her father,” said
McNeill. “No blood of his is in her veins
and she is innocent of any complicity in his
affairs.”

  “She is not his own daughter?”

  “No.”

  There was silence for several moments.
The two princes seemed to be, in some
occult way, transferring thoughts.

  “You play a good game, Mr. McNeill,”
said Liu Chi at last. “And you place
your cards on the table, but they are not
face up, and some of them may be spurious.

I may say, without prejudice to our own
disclaimer in this matter, that the question
of Chinese vengeance lies largely in the
permanent punishment of offenders, even
to the third and fourth generation. The
fact that Miss Remsden is not of Howard
Remsden’s own blood is, I should imagine,
quite a factor. It is a pity it was not
known before—to Tao Chan, for example.

  “As for your threats against us, we will
dismiss them as quite natural under the
circumstances. It is true that China is
anxious, through all her representatives,
to stand well with America; to prove to
your people that we are not utter bar-
barians, that we can even look at things
from the same standpoint of humanity,
the principles upon which your country is
so deeply founded.

  “If you, with Mr. Remsden and Miss
Remsden, will attend the banquet to-
morrow evening—twenty-four hours will,
not alter the medical situation—we may be
able to assist you. We shall expect Mr.
Remsden to come half-way. We accept no
responsibility in this. We act merely as
mediators. We can understand that Mr.
The Dragon’s Claw

173

Remsden wishes to, as we say in China,
save his face. We can perhaps arrange
that also.

  “You will convey our sentiments to Mr.
Remsden. For yourself: Chinese doctors
have long been held up to the ridicule of
the western pharmacopoeia as believers in
charms, users of strange ingredients such
as those mentioned by the witches in
‘Macbeth.’ There may be merit in these
things. All diseases of the body are not
cured in the body. We are expecting a
notable guest. With us he holds great
merit as a herbalist though that is not his
profession. You shall meet him. And
remember—for every virus there is a
serum—not always generally known as yet,
but we Orientals have our secrets. We
can not prolong this interview. We have
an appointment.”

  He clapped his hands and the secretary
appeared.

  “Show in the gentlemen,” ordered Liu
Chi.

   McNeill, hope affecting him like a palsy,
found himself acknowledging introductions
to several Americans, some of whom he
thought he knew. Soon he found himself
on the ground floor, his hope growing.
Could it be that the Chinese had found a
cure for leprosy?

CHAPTER XI

THE FORTUNE TELLER

THE banquet that was to be the talk of
New York for many a day had pro-
gressed with wonderful eclat. The costumes
of the guests, the elaborately bizarre
decorations, the strange music, the unusual
dishes spiced with a bountiful supply of
occidental vintages, the courtesy of the
hosts, the exotic atmosphere—all had made
the affair a success from the start. Rare
souvenirs, not to be priced,«had augmented
the entente cordiale.

  With the cessation of gastronomies came
an entertainment of wizardry, of parlor
acrobatics, of indoor fireworks, until the
bewildered beholders were brought to the
tiring point.

  Then, at the sound of a gong, a booth
was brought in—a hooded tent of silken
brocades, and Ten Shin arose.

  “Much of which you have so courteously
shared with us tonight,” he said, “belongs

to the past—the passing China soon, we
hope, to be revivified with lessons learned
from American ingenuity and advancement.
But there is one element that always
appeals, particularly to the fair sex. That
element is the future. A member of our
little embassy has arrived today from China,
bringing important matters and, while he
has been too fatigued from his long and
accelerated journey to join us, he has con-
sented to give some manifestation of his
skill as a diviner.”

  There was a murmur of anticipatory
delight and again the gong sounded.
From behind high curtains four Chinamen,
dressed in vivid emerald silk, brought
forward a palanquin of brightest scarlet
lacquer on which were illuminated golden
dragons in raised and lustrous metal work.
Six-clawed they were, noted McNeill, tense
with the sense of something pregnant.
This they placed by the tent and disap-
peared.

  A weird chant, high pitched, nerve
thrilling, came from unseen musicians,
the shrill piping of the Chinese clarionet
and the twang of the gekken. The room
was very quiet and the lights grew gradually
dim. Then the scarlet curtains of the
palanquin glowed fiery red, faint streaks of
fight appeared through the folds of the tent
and a figure emerged from the carriage.
It was clad in silk of the vividest yellow
and the robes, McNeill noticed, as his fingers
gripped those of Helen next to him, were of
priestly cut. The figure was squat. In
its rotundity it might have been ludicrous,
save for a certain dignity that emanated
from it and because of that of the two
princely hosts. The face, projecting from
the folds of the hood, was that of a turtle—
was that of Tao Chan, high-priest of the
Hoang Lung.

  McNeill was not surprized. But he
marked the effort Helen made to suppress
her feelings of astonishment and, perhaps,
of terror, though there was, as he assured
her, no fear of anything out of the way
happening there with so many American
guests present. Yet there was something
that thrilled him with a sense of hidden
power—of mystery. He glanced at Rems-
den. Remsden was staring at Tao Chan
as he might have looked at a basilisk, his
eyes projecting, his lower jaw sagging.

  Tao Chan had evidently arrived with
the duplicate, leaving some excuse, or
174

Adventure

perhaps a second replica, behind him. This
one was to be exchanged for the original.
Everybody’s face was to be satfed. Helen,
by Chinese drugs, to be cured, Remsden
to be left as president, and relieved of his
Damoclean fate. Only the museum would
suffer and be none the worse for it, thought
McNeill, knowing other spurious objects
venerated there as real.

  He, Neill McNeill, had brought this
about by taking advantage of China’s
position as the Sick Man of Asia, looking
to America for aid. The princes had come
with a dual purpose—to get the claw and
to establish friendly relations. Which cause
they held the greater McNeill did not
venture to imagine. He did not care,
feeling certain that the evening would see
the end of their troubles unless Remsden
proved obstinate. In this case McNeill
promised himself that he would devise a
little pressure on his own account.

   Ten Shin turned to the ladv on his right.
“Would you read the future?” he asked
her. “I am sure that for you it will be
rosy.”

   Tao Chan had entered the little tent and
taken his seat before a stand of dark wood,
the legs formed of writhing dragons. There
was a dish in front of him.

   “You will not be spirited away, I assure
you,” went on the prince. “I will not
guarantee that you will not be enchanted,
but turn about is fair play.”

  The guest laughed nervously at his
raillery but consented to enter the tent.
The curtains closed and there was only
a low murmur to be heard, drowned largely
by the rising notes of the orchestra. In
less than two minutes the woman came out.
' “Your wizard is a flatterer, prince,” she
said. “I wish I could believe half he
promised, though he does not speak very
good English.”

  “He has learned it for the occasion,”
said Ten Shin gravely.

  Liu Chi next asked his dinner partner
and she disappeared. McNeill could hear
the first visitant answering questions.

   “I can’t describe it,” she replied. “Wait
till your turn. He showed me a funny plate
first and then—I don’t remember really
what happened. It was all over so quickly,
but he told me a lot of strange things that
might come true. I hope so.”

  “Chinese hypnotism,” whispered McNeill
to Helen under cover of the chatter. “He

read her own wishes. It will be your turn
next. Don’t be afraid. It is going to help
us. I can guess what they are after.”

   At Liu Chi’s request Helen went into the
 booth, remaining there a little longer than
 the rest. When she came out she was
 pale, and McNeill handed her a glass of
 wine.

  “Don’t talk now,” he said. “Tell us
later.”

 , She nodded brightly at him.

   “It sounded like good news,” she said.

   Some of the fairer guests refused; others
 accepted and the novelty began to wane.
 Tao Chan pleaded, or pretended to plead,
 exhaustion, and withdrew in the palanquin.
 Then the lights went up. Ten Shin arose
 with a toast to the United States and
 another orchestra, typically American,
 broke spiritedly into the “Star Spangled
 Banner.” The brilliant assemblage rose.
 As the strains died, Liu Chi made his
 peroration.

   “Heliogabalus,” he said, “smothered his
 guests to death with rose petals. Tonight it
 is my cousin and myself who are smothered
 with your good-will, but not to death.
 And, though roses grow in China, we have a
 more typical flower that bears the charm of
 sweet forgetfulness—the faculty of dream-
 less sleep. The lotus! May its petals
 bring to all of'you that boon to end the
 night.”

  The canopy above the table divided
and a shower of fragrant blossoms fell
while all the room was filled with mystical
perfume. Laughing, congratulating, the
guests departed, the princes standing to bid
them farewell.

  “We shall see you once more before
we leave, I hope,” said Ten Shin to McNeill
and Helen. Then as they passed on he
touched Remsden on the arm.

   “A word with you, sir,” he said pleas-
 antly, and envious guests marked Remsden
 as one given spacial favors.

□ THE two waited for Remsden in
the anteroom. He came to them
at last with the face of one who has
seen his own ghost—his features twisted
like a man who has suffered a stroke. All
the way back to the limousine he did not
speak but plucked clumsily at his own
fingers. At the house he achieved speech
with an effort, as if his lingual muscles had
suffered paralysis.
The Dragon’s Claw

175

  “Neill and I will join you when you have
taken off your wraps, Helen,” he said.

  She looked anxiously at him and then
nodded.

  “In the drawing-room,” she replied.

  The men went into the library. Remsden
poured brandy and gulped it down. Then
he sank into the cushions of a big chair
like a man of ninety.

  “What is the matter with Helen, Neill?”
he asked thickly.

  “Leprosy,” answered McNeill bluntly.
Remsden clawed at the arms of the chair,
gasping for breath and speech.

  “My God!” he said. “I never thought—
Ten Shin said—he said that—as a bruised
plum is to a rotten fruit, as a stained pearl to
a bowl of slime, so should my punishment
be compared to hers. Oh, my God, Neill!”

  “Brace up,” snapped McNeill. “What
else did he say? About the claw?”

  “I am to show it him at the museum
tomorrow—Tao Chan I mean. He is to
handle it. The princes will be there.
We—we may adjust matters. I do not
know. I can not trust them. I must see
Helen.”

  McNeill guessed what the adjustment
would be. A little legerdemain, such as
Wilson had shown in the desert, this time
with Tao Chan as the prestidigitator.
But had Remsden already been inoculated?
How was he to be cured? And Helen?

  “There are various degrees of leprosy,
of course,” he said. “Do you fancy that
you are already infected?”

  Remsden nodded.

  “I know it,” he groaned. “Something
pricked my palm when I shook hands
with Ten Shin, and he smiled when I
started. But Helen—Helen has an anti-

dote. I shall receive one tomorrow

after-”

  “The claws are exchanged,” supplied
McNeill. “Let us go into the drawing-
room.”

  They found the girl waiting and McNeill,
answering a plea in Remsden’s eyes, put
the question to her:

  “What happened in the tent? I can
imagine that Tao Chan hypnotized you
and questioned you. By so doing he
could confirm my statement to the princes
of your innocence in the stealing and sub-
stitution of the claw. But what did he say
that you remember?”

  “Why he told me that I had been suffering
from some trouble with my hands but
that I should soon be entirely well again.
He gave me this.”

  She showed a tiny phial of gray jade
wonderfully carven in the shape of a dragon
and stoppered with a dragon’s claw of gold
that held a tiny ball of crystal. Within
were some pellets of dull orange color.

  “These are to be taken one every hour,”
she said, “dissolved in hot water. I have
already taken one and I can feel a tingling
in my numb finger.”

  She held it out for inspection. Remsden
looked at it with a shudder.

  “And he said that Mr. Remsden was in
danger of sickness that was to be averted
by the medicine that he, Tao Chan, would
give him tomorrow. Are you to see him
tomorrow?”

  “Yes,” answered Remsden. “Thank
God I am. Good night, you two. Good
night.”

  They watched him leave the room, feeble,
bowed, a man old before his time.

  Then youth turned to youth.
   Our Camp-Fire came into being May 5, 1912, with our June issue, and since then
its fire has never died down. Many have gathered about it and they are of all classes
and degrees, high and low, rich and poor, adventurers and stay-at-homes, and from all
parrs of the earth. Some whose voices we used to know have taken the Long Trail
and are heard no more, but they are still memories among us, and new voices are
heard, and welcomed.

   We are drawn together by a common liking for the strong, clean things of out-of-
doors, for word from the earth’s far places, for man in action instead of caged by cir-
cumstance. The spirit of adventure lives in all men; the rest is chance.

   But something besides a common interest holds us together. Somehow a real com-
radeship h;is grown up among us. Men can not thus meet and talk together without
growing into friendlier relations; many a time does one of us come to the rest for facts
and guidance; many a close personal friendship has our Camp-Fire built up between
two men who had never met; often has it proved an open sesame between strangers
in a far land.

   Perhaps our Camp-Fire is even a little more. Perhaps it is a bit of leaven working
gently among those of different station toward the fuller and more human understand-
ing and sympathy that will some day bring to man the real democracy and brotherhood
he seeks. Few indeed are the agencies that bring together on a friendly footing so many
and such great extremes as here. And we are numbered by the hundred thousand now.

   If you arc comc to our Camp-Fire for the first time and find you like the things we
like, join us and find yourself very welcome. There is no obligation except ordinary
manliness, no forms or ceremonies, no dues, no officers, no anything except men and
women gathered for interest and friendliness. Your desire to join makes you a member.

as “Unde Frank” Huston has put it, to
press-agenting. Of course he was press-
agented; even his best friends must admit
that. But whether it was to a degree that
really affected the validity of his claim to
came is another matter and I don’t believe
we want to start another Drannan discus-
sion at Camp-Fire.

Elyria, Ohio.

    I have just been reading about Custer, Buffalo
Bill and Calamity Jane. There has been so much
bunk written and told concerning Custer, Reno,
Buffalo Bill, etc., that I thought it might be that
you would like to read a more truthful account con-
cerning those men.

    My regiment, the 7th U. S. Infantry, was ordered
into the fight where Custer fell, but the order being
counlcrmanded, the 7th Cavalry, Custer’s com-
mand, was ordered into the fight while the 7th
Infantry were detailed to guard the wagon-train.
Reno was not to blame for the massacre of Custer
and his men, for Reno obeyed Custer’s orders as
well as he could under the circumstances, while
Custer, disobeying his own orders, caused the
deaths of himself and his men. Custer had been

COME more testimony concerning the
^ Custer Massacre, from a comrade who
was formerly of the 7 th Infantry, which
barely missed being in the fight itself.

  What Dr. Arnold said about Buffalo
Bill was mild enough in tone but, well,
takes the general point of view that to a
certain degree Buffalo Bill’s fame was due,
The Camp-Fire	177

vvamed for days before that the Indians were out
in very great numbers, but, paying no attention
to his scouts, he ordered Reno to go down the
Little Big Horn a ways, cross over, and. after
circling around to the back of the Indians’ camp,
to fire a signal shot, upon which Custer and his
men were to charge upon the camp from the front.
Custer, however, bull-headed as ever, never waited
for Reno to get back of the camp and fire the signal
shot, but dashed right in, when, as Chief Gall said
when showing a party over the field in 1886, the
Indians were as thick as the leaves of the forest,
springing up from the ground and in lots of in-
stances clubbing the cavalrymen off from their horses.

(''USTER went into the fight with long hair, all
stories to the contrary, and it is no doubt all
bosh about his having committed suicide. He was
certainly killed by either Rain-in-the-Face or some
other Indian. It was a massacre, all right, for
their carbines were mostly fastened to their saddles
and, their horses breaking away, they were left
with only a few carbines, about a half dozen sabers
and their revolvers with which to defend them-
selves.

  In the meantime Reno and his men were sur-
rounded on a hill by Indians, and the 7th Infantry
and a small outfit of cavalry, the 8th, if I remember
right, rescued Reno and his men. Afterward the
7th Infantry and the 8th Cavalry helped to bury
Custer and his men. Reno would have been wiped
out with his men if they had not been rescued just
in time.

gUFFALO BILL used to scout with my regiment
and ... I used to know Calamity Jane. Calamity
Jane was certainly a very noted woman. She was
full of life and vigor, and when she looked at a
person her eyes would almost bore holes through
them.—Dr. William E. Arnold (formerly Musi-
cian, Co. B, 7th Infantry, U. S. A.)

A WORD from Harold A. Lamb in con-
nection with his story in this issue:

New York.

  A few points about “Said Afzel’s Elephant.” It
may seem improbable that three men could do
what Abdul Dost and bis friends tackled. In India
at that time, however, a noble from the court trav-
eled with a Large following of slaves, personal
attendants, eunuchs, wives, buffoons, liafis, or
poem-readers, bearers, etc.

"pEW of such gentry were fighting men by inclina-
tion or training. And even today the hillmen
of Afghanistan such as the Afridis are excellent
combatants when so inclined. At that time tribal
warfare was the rule and the hillmen were skilled
in weapons. They had to be.

  As to Said Afzel. The character of the opium-
using poet is not overdrawn. Drugs of varied sort
were in general use, and it was the fashion to remaiff
stupefied for certain lengths of time. The Rajputs
were addicted to opium in very large quantities.
One passage in the memoirs of Baber relates tnat
he kept sober at a drinking party of his friencis in
order to see what the bout world be like. He
watched them drink wine, then change to bhang
and distilled spirits, ending up with ooium and
more wine until “they became senseless or began

 12

to commit all manner of follies, whereupon I had
myself carried out.”

A GOOD deal has been written of the treasure
of the Moghuls. This was hardly so very
great in money, but consisted of enormous quan-
tities of jewels, especially diamonds and rubies,
horses, cloth-of-gold, etc. The amount of an
amir’s treasure measured the number of fighting-
men he could buy; hence the possession of a store
of riches as in this story was more valuable to an
ambitious noble than a small kingdom.—H. A.
Lamb.

THANKS to our comrade Ira A. Thomp-
son of El Paso I have a copy of “Poi-
sonous Animals of the Desert,” by Charles
T. Vorhies, which is Bulletin No. 83 of the
Agricultural Experiment Station, College
of Agriculture, University of Arizona,
Tucson, Arizona. The Bulletins, Timely
Hints and Reports of this Station will be
sent free to all who apply. Among other
things, it seems to give us a final and
authoritative decision on our old, old
friend, the Gila Monster. It is poisonous,
but the effects ol its bite are variable and
there seems to be no established case of
the death of a hun an being from its bite.

  Here is Mr. Thompson’s letter:

El Paso, Texas.

  In your issue of August 18th you list 13 kinds of
rattlesnakes.

  As Arizona '? the home of J1 kinds, I take-the
liberty to send you Lins booklet issued by Arizona
State University, wtn :n state' there are 19 known
varieties of rattlesnakes, 4 of which inhabit
U. S. A. and 11 of these art found in Arizona.
My .45 Colt (single-action, i' you please) has
finished many a rattler.

  Re coral snake. A Mexican woman at a mine
about 60 miles south of the line lived abou*- 10 or
15 minutes after being bitten by coral snake.

  You will also find something about Mr. Gila
Monster. Nothing like the bunk one sometimes
reads in stories, nor for that matter is it much like
the stuff I have handed out to entertain some of
the new comers, who as a rule will believe the lies
but not the truth.—Ika A. Thompson.

  And here is a quotation from the Bul-
letin:

  Just one other poisonous reptile belongs to our
fauna—the Gila Monster (Heloderma suspectum,
cover cut). This and a closely related species,
Heloderma horridum, found only in Mexico, are
the only poisonous lizards in the world. Abso-
lutely no other lizards (these including the so-called
“horned toad?”) are poisonous. The Gila Mon-
ster has Dois*>; -glands, but in the lower instead
a he upper jaw, the secretion oozing out between
the teeth and the lower Ups. It has no poison
fang< however, and therefore no definite mechan-
ism for •j’-dbly injecting poison with a stroke as
does the rattlesnake. It will snap and bite if
Adventure

178

irritated, and will cling like a bulldog when it gets
hold, and poison may enter the wounds made by
its numerous small sharp teeth as a result of the
tenacious grip of the animal.

'T'HE effects of its bite are variable, owing doubt-
less to the impcrfect application of the venom-
ous saliva. Though some reports have it that
human deaths have resulted from the bite of this
animal, these reports arc but hearsay and fade away
to nothing upon investigation. The writer is in-
debted to a reputable physician of Tucson who has
made considerable effort to authenticate a single
case of death caused by the Gila Monster, and has
failed to do so. An exhaustive report on “The
Venom of Hcloderma,” by Leo Loeb, published
by the Carnegie Institution, as well as the re-
searches of other investigators, shows that the
venom produces fatal results in various small ani-
mals, such as rats, mice, frogs, guinea pigs, etc.
As to effects on man, we find no local data to dis-
countenance the following statement from Loeb’s
report:

“ NJO DEATH of a human being has come to our
knowledge that can be attributed to the bite
of a Gila Monster. A bite from this animal is in
man cither followed by no symptoms at all or by
a local swelling, perhaps extending to the shoulder,
if the bite affected the upper extremity. In
all the reports concerning the local effect of the
bite of the Ileloderma in man, mention is made
of the rapid appcarancc of swelling and hcm-
morrhagic discoloration of the skin at the site of
injury. We found that when fresh venom was
injected subcutaneously into an animal, no swelling
or hemorrhage .appeared at the site of injection;
and when venom was injected intramuscularly, no

hemorrhage was noted.....It is impossible,

however, to absolutely rule out mechanical injury
as a factor in causing the appearance of these local
symptoms when an individual is bitten by a Helo-
derma. The animal has very powerful jaws and
its bite would easily bruise a large area of flesh and
skin. When the animal bites it clings tenaciously,
and in endeavoring to extricate a wounded part of
the injury might easily be increased."

WHETHER potassium permanganate is destruc-
tive to Helodcrman venom is not determined.
Therefore we can not recommend it as of value
in case of a bite by this animal. We would only
suggest releasing the bitten part as rapidly and
yet as coolly and carefully as possible and then
seeking a physician, perhaps first inducing some
bleeding and then washing the wound with an anti-
septic. The venom is not to be regarded as deadly
to man, hence there is no need for hysterical fear.

  In closing on Heloderma we would suggest that
there is no good reason for remorselessly slaying
every Gila Monster encountered. Rather should wc
class it with the road runner and the jxxcary as
unique features of our fauna, a part of the charac-
teristic landscape of Arizona, like the giant cactus
among the flora of the State.

  Also, in addition to a detailed statement
of treatment for snake-bite and poisonous
insect bites the Bulletin takes up another
subject that has produced much argument

—the “hydrophobia skunk.” Its conclu-
sion is that there is no particular species of
skunk which can be designated as the
“hydrophobia skunk,” but that skunks
are rather more likely to bite sleepers than
are coyotes, wolves and dogs and that
perhaps a larger proportion of bites from
skunks produce rabies. Mr. Vorhies arrives
at one “unavoidable conclusion”—in case
of skunk-bite take the Pasteur treatment.

WHEN Captain Smith wrote the fol-
lowing letter he was in France.
Some of you are sure to give him the in-
formation he wants, so will he, when he
sees this, kindly give us his home address
so I can forward letters to him?

Angers, France.

  I noticed in one of your recent numbers a request
for a poem from some party, and one of your
other readers had supplied him with it, through
your Camp-Fire pages. A number of years ago
I read a poem called “The Ballad of Boastful Bill”
in a book of cow-country ditties, and have never
been able to get a copy of it since. All I can
remember of it is as follows:

        THE BALLAD OF BOASTFUL BILL

    At a cow camp on the Gila,

      One sweet morning, long ago,

    Ten of us was throwed right freely
       By a hoss from Idaho.

    And it looked as though he’d go a begging
       For a man to bust his pride,

    Till a-hitching up one legging,

       Boastful Bill cut loose an’ cried:

       “I’m an ornery proposition for to hurt,

          I fulfill my earthly mission with a quirt.

          I can ride the highest liver
          Twixt the Gulf and Powder River,

          An’ I’ll ride this thing as easy as I’d flirt.”

  If any of you readers can supply the balance of
this I would feel obliged. I will watch your Camp-
Fire pages for results. Thanking you for your favor.
Adios.—Herbert R. Smjth, Capt. Signal Corps.

 AS TO water-proof coating, here’s a
     receipt:

Mound House, Nevada.

  I see in the last “Ask Adventure” that Mer—
(can’t recall the name now) gives parrafine and
benzine as a waterproofing mixture. I would like
to say that beeswax dissolved in turpentine beats
this all hollow. I also want to say for the benefit
of the uninitiated that any waterproofing compound
should be applied to canvas in more than one coat
for the best result. Far better to take a thinner
mixture and use it twice.—Joseph Gray.

TN THE language of the poet, you can
search me. Remember the strange
manuscript picked up in a bottle on the
Nova Scotian coast, which, passed on to
The Camp-Fire	179

Camp-Fire, brought forth a number of
interesting translations? Yes, and remem-
ber that Edgar Young confessed he and
a friend had thrown it overboard in the
South Atlantic as a hoax? Well, that
seems to settle it, doesn’t it? Only it
doesn’t. For the original sender writes
indignantly that Young’s message could
not be the one he has because the latter
was found before the date on which the
hoax was pulled off.

  Here’s the letter from our Nova Scotian
comrade—at least such part of it as it
seems right to make public. I pointed out
to the writer that Edgar Young’s address
appears in every issue of the magazine.

-, Nova Scotia.

  While not disputing Edgar Young’s veracity or
intentions, I note that he says he did this in 1910
and 1 was a miner full grown and earning men’s
wages at a coal-face at that time. It was in 1909-
1911 we Nova Scotia miners had our twenty-two
months’.strike for U. M. W. recognition.

KJ OW to the point I can not understand. Edgar

    Young says he wrote a message purporting to
be from Hlackbume in 1910. Well, this old chart
was found when I was a school kid and I left school
when 16, and am 36 years old now. My uncle
died in 1894 and he and a chum found this old
bottle in 1889. So how does that rhyme with
Comrade Young’s statement?

  It’s queer that there are two old - about

the !jcality of the bay and rivers indicated; also
a good clear spring in a line with that tree and
the anchorage; also that tree, which I have found
and identified—by markings, which are similar
to some on the old chart which Edgar Young no
doubt can describe. What I can not understand
is how he wrote it in 1910 and it was found in
1889, as I have ascertained by going over some files
of old letters.

JsJOW, I’m not boosting this thing for publicity.

     I’m on the “lone” trail in this thing and have
reason to believe that there is a rich find for some
one. If, however, Edgar Young can describe that
old chart and explain how it was written in 1910
and found in lhe Fall of 1889; also how I knew of
it and took it to the high school principal here when
a school kid of 14 or so and was a man of 27 when
it was written, that’s too psychological for me to
comprehend. I would like to get hold of that old
account of that pirate Hlackbume as I think I’ve
located Lhe old fellow’s favorite rendezvous.

  I wonder if Edgar Young can tell me where to
get it. Also I’d like to correspond with him to see
if he can fully describe the locality drawn on that
chart in my possession. If his. claim is authentic
and true, then the whole thing is a hoax perpe-
trated and invented for the purpose of misleading
and deceiving. It certainly accomplished its pur-
pose if so, for I know I’ve spent hours untold in
corresponding about it and had offers to buy it
from folks who could decipher part of it and not
all (so they said), but were particularly anxious to
see the original.

  This has been no joke in our family.---.

  And here is Edgar Young’s reply:

                                    Brooklyn.

  The first thing that occurred to me when I read
what that fellow had to say about the Capitan
Blackbume manuscript was to shut up like a clam.
He has his dates wrong and seems set on making
a liar out of me. My first decision was to let that
MS. remain a mystery and I was advised by a
close friend to say nothing about it, even if I had
written it. Fate seems to be mixed up in this and
I was unable to follow my better judgment and
remain silent.

'"THERE happens to be living proof to support the
details I gave you in the former letter. This
is the man who was with me and helped concoct
the MS. Right here a funny tiling comes in.
This man and 1 parted in anger in Nicaragua in
1913 and have not spoken or written each other
since. The cause of our disagreement was very
slight and I have always kept track of him through ~
others, for he was a true-blue pal, one of the only
two I met up with. We made the trip from Colon
down the cast coast of South America and back
up the other side, working in all the countries en
route. He remained to work in Ecuador and I
came to Panama to work for the Panama Railroad
until he arrived. We both went to Nicaragua,
where we worked as officials of the National Rail-
ways, I as auditor and he as general storekeeper.
We separated after some seven months.

  He blew up first and came to New York and I
blew up later and came to San Francisco. Later
he returned to Panama and went into the con-
tracting business and was civil engineer for some
Panama Government work. I understand he is
now employed by the Panama Railway, or was the
last time 1 asked about him. I am pretty sure he
has kept track of me, in fact, 1 know he has, for
a friend has passed along comments he has made
on stories of mine that appeared in magazines.

I POSSIBLY owe him an apology for the words

  passed between us in Nicaragua, for he was

really trying to keep me from making a- fool

out of mvself, which I later did. But I do not
intend to write him an apology now at the present
time to get him to uphold a statement in regard
to a fool MS. we placed in a bottle in 1910. Even -
if I did, proof obtained in this manner would be
worthless. The best tiling I can think of is to run
the explanation I have given in Camp-Fire and
right with it run the later letter of the man who
has the MS. at the present time which makes a
liar out of me. I am willing to appear in the

role he has placed me. I am pretty sure that-

will come forward with a statement if he happens
to see the letters, which he no doubt will see. If
he does not, I will still be satisfied. However, I
feel pretty sure he will not let that fellow put the
Kobie on me.

TN THE meantime I have framed the card in a

  little frame I got at the five-and-ten and have
it hanging on Lhe wall over my desk. I remember
the exact words that passed when lhe MS. was
wrillen. Part was writlen by each of us. I

made the arrow pointing down stream,-made

the little house in the comer and the anchor. I
i8o

Adventure

don’t remember whether we showed.it to Captain
Funcke or not. If we did he may see the discus-
sion and come forward with further corroboration.
He will no doubt remember the two strange pas-
sengers who refused to eat on the latter end of the
voyage and whom he came to visit in the room of
the best hotel in Rio after we landed, in company
with a ship’s chandler of the city.

  It may be that some of the shipmates of this
man’s uncle will write in and stale that the dates
he has are in error, for they certainly arc. I was
bom in 1883 and I am sure I did not write that
before I was six years old. I am saying it was
written with a Waterman's fountain-pen bought
from the Panama Railroad newsstand at Gatun,
of which Mrs. Nolte was in charge, on board the
good ship Merkador between the 12th and 31st of
December, 1910, and thrown overboard between
Barbados and Rio.

  These are the facts. If proof comes naturally,
let it come. I have always been something of a
fatalist. I don’t know what reason Fate had for
making me get mixed up in this. From present
circumstances it looks as if she wanted to make

a liar out of me. It may be that the MS. -

and I wrote was intended to bring us together
after we had split up. Quien sabc? and again
Quien sabc?

JJIGHT here I rest my case. If you wish to use
this letter, please use blank spaces for the

names of-and-. For the love of M iguel.

what reason would I have to claim authorship of
a MS. the sea has returned? Don't the editors
return enough of them? That’s a good one! “Due
to the supply of MSS. we have on hand from the
Mermen and Mermaids, we herewith return as
unavailable, etc.”

  It has just occurred to me that......Let's

find out. Let’s get some dope on the other bottles
that were thrown over at the same time and some
of which I am sure have been found. Perhaps the
ink, paper, etc, of these other messages contain
proof. —I am Idling the truth and have nothing to
fear from later developments.—Edgar Young.

  So there we are—or aren’t. As I said
in the beginning, you can search me. Two
documents instead of one? Perhaps. A
scheme to arouse interest and capital in a
treasure-hunt? Doesn’t sound so on the
face of it. Quite a number of possible
solutions offer themselves but no one of
them proves itself.

  But I’m not holding out on you, except,
of course, the man’s name and address,
which he gave me in confidence. I can
add only the fact that I never met him
and know no more about him than _you
do, and the minor detail that when Edgar
Young first wrote me that he had set that
bottle adrift I replied asking whether he
were kidding me and was assured that he
was not. If the two men have corresponded
since the above letters, I have not heard
the results. But I’m writing to both and

asking, so maybe there’ll be more news
later.

  At least let’s hope that Edgar Young’s
old pal comes across. The kind of man
Mr. Young describes would hardly fail
to toe the scratch in such a case if it comes
to his attention._

OWING to something I don’t remem-
ber but which was quite likely my
own fault, Henry Leverage’s introduction
to Camp-Fire doesn’t reach us in the same
issue with our first story from him, but be
easy on me and meet him now. If there are
any of the old Karluk men among us they
can write Mr. Leverage in care of this
office.

New York.

  In introducing myself to the Camp-Fire, I’m
going to lie down, fill up my old cord-wrapped pipe,
reach for a brand and between pulls, say:

  “The Iron Dollar,” my first story to sell to
Adventure, is almost fact. I can see the picture
now, coming home to San Francisco. A dirty,
sawed-off whaler—twenty-four in the fo’cas’le—
and only two American-born among them.

  We had beans for all three meals over the period
of two months. Beans—topped with salt-horse.
The crew started promising certain things which
were gomg to happen to the skipper. They sharp-
ened knives and mentioned the hrst time they got
the old man ashore.

WE LANDED and all hands went with the skip-
per into the nearest dive—it was called the
"Blubber Room” in those days. He bought a
round of steam beers, everybody shook hands with
him. and he went out—without a knife in his back.

  I dug in my dungaree trousers, fished forth a
five-dollar gold-piece, and offered to buy a square
meal. Twenty-three whalemen followed me into
The Home Dairy Restaurant. They glanced at
the menu card, coughed, stared at the wall where
signs hung inscribed: “Roast-Becf, Very Rare;
“Chicken Fricasee”; “Liver and Bacon.”

  They passed these up, grinned sheepishly, and
all ordered baked beans.

  The next day I signed off, received an Iron
Dollar for eight months’ labor, and bade good-by
to the sea.

  I wonder if any of the Camp-Fire readers were
aboard the Karluk with Captain McGregor during
the season of 1897? I would like to hear from
them.—Leverage.

IN SOME of Hugh Pendexter’s earlier
stories in our magazine we met the
Oneidas pretty frequently and now here
comes a comrade with their blood in his
veins to talk with us. When he wrote,
two days before the armistice was signed,
he was serving on the U. S. S. Roanoke, so
you see it has been a long time coming to
the surface in our mail-bag. Perhaps by
The Camp-Fire	181

this time he is at the headwaters of the
Amazon, according to his desire. But if
Walter R. Johnson remembers him and
will write him care of this office, Mr. Ben-
ton will probably get it sooner or later, for
he sits in at our Camp-Fire whenever he’s
where he can get to it. Or I can for-
ward to the name and address of friend
registered for Mr. Benton’s identification
card.

  I	omit a small bit of his letter merely
because it endorses the idea of a badge for
us to wear and that badge has since then
been adopted and come into use.

  Mr. Benton spells it “Oniedoes,” not
“Oneidas,” and, as his spelling is O.K. in
the remainder of his letter, I’m wondering
whether that is the French form or whether
I’m all wrong as to Oneidas being the
same tribe. 'I’m no wiseacre on our old
Indian tribes, despite a strong interest in
them.

U. S. S. Roanoke.

  It has been a good while since I last wrote to
you, but, I can not give any account of myself at
present, for military reasons, but being a seaman
for some years gone, you may be sure “Fritz” has
received my caJJing-cards since we went into the
war.

'T'HERE’S one thing I can mention, I believe.

    About three months ago I was caught in one
of the most beautiful ninety-mile gales that ever
visited these parts, which shook all the tropic fever
I ever contracted out of my bones. It turned the
tugs to the beach, chased everything in general
to shelter and left me to fight it out with a 36-footer.
My boots, slicker and one perfectly good pair of
wool socks were missing when I reached my ren-
dezvous. Sorry I can not give a better description
of the incident, but any shipmate that has had
experience at sea knows how she is whe: she
makes you wish you were a longshoreman instead
of a common seafaring man.

AND I noticed also a letter from Mr. Walter R.

   Johnson, whom I believe I met in Quito,
Ecuador, and later in Guacayilla. quite a few years
ago, and if my memory serves me right, he offered
me a comrade’s hand and financial help. Perhaps
my looks justified his offer, for at the time my sole
possession was a dungarie suit and a suit of serge
in the clothing line.- But my most carefully
guarded secret was 27 English pounds at that date.
Four hours previous to our meeting I was beached
from the English tramp Union for getting too
affectionate with a pinch-bar. I was just barely
in my teens then, and I haven’t grown but one inch
and gained four or five pounds since, so perhaps
Mr. Johnson would still know me if we chanced
to meet again, which I hope will be in the near
future.

  I may add that I have passed the expert rifle
course since that time, and I long for the war’s
end. I crave a trip far up the headwaters of the

Amazon and over the borders of Bolivia. After-
ward I still expect to return to the States and
become a settled “hombre.” But I would be glad
to hear from Mr. Johnson, and would appreciate
meeting him again very much. I would also like
to hear from Mr. Young.

  So why not give it a trial? I have met many in
my years at sea. The most famous of the places
I Like to go to (when I call there) is Wilcox’s in
Colon. I still cast a longing eye and heart in the
direction of the San Bias country.

  And I may say for the interest of all concerned
that I am a haLf<east of the famous old tribe of-
the Oniedoes (as we were called by the French)
and now known as part of the “praying Indians” of
the North Country, and the other half Scot-
English. You may easily guess where my roving
blood was picked up, and why it still bums.—
Learny J. Benton.

  P. S.—I would be glad to hear from any member
of Camp-Fire and will answer any inquiries that
I can within reason.—L. J. B.

* I 'HIS letter was written November 22,
■*- 1918, probably reached me a month
or so later, and has somehow got out of
turn—as often happens—in the mass of
goo.l material waiting to be heard at Camp-
Fire.	sorry for the delay, but the

letter Ms lc't none of its interest Ameri-
cans serving with the Australians in Egypt
and the Holy Land! Of course, but even
yet we’re not quite used to the mixing up
the war gave this old world and its peoples.

 Penmanship? What do we care about
his penmanship except to be sorry he
didn’t come through the war-furnace un-
singed?

Port Said, Egypt.

  I have never written to you before, but would
like to join the Camp-Fire gatherings.

T AM serving under the Australian flag, with the

  Australian Light Horse, the cavalry that has
done the great work in Gallipoli Peninsula, Egypt,
Sinai, Palestine and Syria. There are many more
Yanks serving here in the Australian forces besides
me. We arc keeping up the name of the dear old
States over here.

  I have had some great experiences since I left
home. I have traveled about the Hawaiian
Islands, Society and Cook Islands, the Philippine,
Celebes, Borneo islands and knocked about China,
Japan, Australia, Ceylon and India. I have seen
Gallipoli, all of Egypt, Sinai, Palestine and a good
bit of Syria since I have been here. I have had
many thrilling adventures in my travels, and was
shipwrecked on an uninhabited island in the China
Sea for ten days.

  Now that the war is over, I will return to America.

  I am a lever of tropical countries, and islands,
so I intend to do more traveling about looking for
adventure, after spending several months with my
old folks at home.—Trooper C. H. Detert, A. I. F.,
Egypt.

  P. S.—Please excuse my penmanship, as my
nerves are shattered.
182

Adventure

ONE of you suggested the old Indian
sign as a kind of greeting or sign for
members of Camp-Fire when they meet or
when one of them wants to know whether
some other fellow is a member. (I sup-
pose there is still need to explain that any
one is a member who wishes to be.) I
wrote to “Uncle Frank” Huston to be sure
of just how the sign is made. He says:

  Hand up, palm fonvard, thumb and fingers
joined. You’ve made the sign often and never
knew what it was. Of course, made casually and
quickly, the fingers are not always stuck and glued
together. Sometimes the hand is not raised above
the shoulder; again, level with ear; again, top of
head.

  So there is the sign if any of you ever
care to use it. If you do, you’d better
say so, so that we can mention it at Camp-
Fire now and then to be sure that all mem-
bers, new and old, understand what it
signifies in our case.

CACTUS, barrel and giant. Some more
about it from one of our Southwestern
comrades:

Prescott, Ariz.

  Just move .along a bit, will you, and make room
for me to sit next you at the Camp-Fire circle?

TN THE Camp-Fire of your Sept. 3rd issue
is a letter which 1 found interesting and also
somewhat a bit in error. The barrel cactus, which
is a source of water for the desert wanderer, is
quite accurately described by him; the thorns are
hooked slightly and are rather more elliptical in
cross section than flat, as he describes. These

thorns are about 3 in. in length. The cactus grows
from 3 to 4 ft. in height. The best way to procure
the water it contains is to cut off the top as one
cuts the top of a soft-boiled egg when set in an
egg-cup, dig out a bowl-shaped hollow, take a
long-bladed knife or a clean, sharp stick and jab
it up and down in the pulp, thus freeing the water
which will accumulate in the bowl prepared.
Quite a quantity of refreshing liquor will thus be
secured and it is a God-send to the man on the
desert whose water supply has been exhausted.

  The otlier cactus he refers to is the giant cactus,
properly called saguaro (pronounced in this part
of the country and in Mexico “sah-hwar-ro” and
generally incorrectly spelled by the story writers).
I have seen this cactus attain p. height of 40 to 50
ft. in many localities of the Southwest. I am
enclosing a photo of a comparatively small one
beside which I had my driver stand for a com-
parison. Being a bit nearer the camera than the
cactus, he is a little larger in perspective than his
true relative height would be. The other small
photo is of a group of young saguaros, which was
so unusual an occurrence for the number grouped
that I thought the photo worth taking. The large
photo is of a young saguaro and behind it is an
ocotillo (pronounced “o-ko-teel-yo”).

'VTOW a bit of criticism. If the comrade whose
letter I read walked from “Meyer” (Mayer)
to Phoenix, he probably took the Black Canon road,
which passes east of the Black Canon proper and
between it and the Agua Fria RlVer, crossing the
latter at Canon, where it takes a short turn to the
west just below the mouth of the Black Canon,
before continuing its southerly course. I hardly
think he would have walked through the Black
Canon unless prospecting for mineral. And cn
route to Phcenix from Mayer he does not get any-
where near Cave Creek, which is quite some miles
to the east of the Agua Fria, but he will cross Cave
Creek Wash after he has got down on to the desert
which is a continuation of the Salt River Valley,
to the west.—Chas. Edward Major.

LOOKING
AHEAD
FOR
DEMOCRACY

T^HIS Summer, at the National Classical Confer-
ence at the National Education Association’s
convention in Milwaukee, the dean of Princeton
University voiced the aim of the Conference—the

study of the classics must be maintained “because
they are vitally important to our own language."
“And,” said the dean, “to insist that there is no edu-
cation worth the name unless it involves training
Looking Ahead for Democracy

183

the mind7 not for the sake of money, place or
power, but in order to develop our boys and girls
to their highest mental and moral excellence, to
make them masters in thought and in expression,
and thus to send them out equipped for lives of the
highest usefulness.”

  ‘‘Highest mental and moral excellence,” token in
its broadest sense and given fullest application, is a
sufficiently high and comprehensive aim. But
when stated as justification for an organized move-
ment to maintain the study of Latin and Greek in
our schools and colleges it crumbles into dry scholas-
tic dust, proclaiming a vision of man’s place and
usefulness in the social order that is academic in
the worst sense of the word, narrow, hopelessly be-
hind the march of real civilization.

I ATIN and Greek. I had five years of one and
four of the other and to my own testimony I
I can add that of ninety-odd per cent, of all other
“classically educated” men and women whom I have
questioned that such expenditure of time and train-
ing on these subjects is misguided waste. Except
for the extremely small proportion of students who
fit themselves for the clergy, professorships or cer-
tain scientific lines.

  Mind training? Why not get the same kind of
training by learning modern languages that will be
of infinitely more, and more practical, use? These
do not demand the same stiff mental labor? Wherein
is Greek stiffer than real study of academic Spanish?
And is Russian such child’s play?

  And is it definitely established that the study of
any language os necessary to proper training of the
mind?

  The excuse of “training” is a childish one.

  Is it, then, that we should have some knowledge
and understanding of the customs, history and
genius of the two peoples who so greatly shaped
civilization? That is worth having—unless it
crowds from the boards more vital things. But
which gives more of it—time given to conjugations
and struggling translation, or a direct, intensive
study of the thing itself instead of its medium of
expression?

(~}ULTURE? What is culture? Our own con-
ception of it is as narrow and as selfish as the
Hun’s conception which he calls Kidtur. He
frankly tramples on the.rights and welfare of others;
ours is more dainty and anemic and merely turns
its back upon these things.

  With us culture is a matter of learning, not of
wisdom or understanding or even of common sense.
To most Americans “culture” connotates litera-
ture, painting, sculpture, music, history, the niceties
of social attitude and behavior. I grew up in that
atmosphere and yet there always arises to me one
smashing question—what right has any one to
“culture” while a stone’s throw from him people are
being starved or maimed in body, mind or soul who
need not be thus starved and maimed if their

brothers and sisters would think less of this artificial
culture and vastly more of their obligations in mak-
ing human beings happier and more comfortable?
How do you answer that question?

  Some day our whole selfish, cold conception of
culture will crumple up and vanish before the de-
mands of the facts of life. Just as our whole stupid,
selfish, inherited conception of education has al-
ready begun to crumple under the blows of life
itself.

1 ATIN and Greek. Yes, they have their values.

   But with preventable human misery every-
where staring us in the face, with our politics filthy
in corruption, our economic fabric black with
selfishness and cruelty, and the very pillars of our
whole social structure shaking, then the culture and
training from Latin and Greek become small things
in the scheme of life.

  Present culture and education have but one excuse
to offer and either too little or too much brains to
offer it, the excuse of Cain, the first murderer—“Am I
my brother’s keeper?” Some day they will realize
that they can have but one sound cxcuse, one pos-
sible purpose—making the Golden Rule more and
more a practical part of real living.

  A fantastic dream? Not if you understand the
Golden Rule to be not a vague text from a book in
which you may not believe but the one and only
practical, work-a-day principle that can bring the
greatest good to the greatest number.

T ATTN and Greek! What good to teach a boy
Latin and Greek when you fail to teach him to
be a good citizen? Is the purpose of public schools
merely to teach each individual how best he can ad-
vance his own selfish interest? Or is it to teach each
one how each profits from all and all from each and
that the “public welfare” is not an empty phrase
but a direct and practical obligation lid upon
him?

  And until we Americans learn that truth and begin
to practise it neither Labor nor Capital, Republicans
nor Democrats, Socialism, Bolshevism nor democ-
racy, nor any other class, party or theory can get
for us what every one of these claims it will get for
us. You can not build a sound house out of rotten
bricks, nor a sound government out of bad citizens.

  There is no magic remedy. There can be no real
democracy except in the minds of the people. You
can put it there only by education. The only way
to get that education working is by systematic, or-
ganized effort.

  Latin and Greek! Leave them in the schools if
there is room, but let them have no place whatever
until you’re sure the schools are making it their first
task to make good citizens by direct teaching.

  Can’t be done? It can be taught as easily as the
classics, economics, history and all the rest. Do
you not teach your own children moral standards?
If you can teach your child individual morals can
you not teach him social morals?—A. S. H.
ARIOUS PRACTICAL
SERVICES FREE TO
ANY READER

THESE services of Adventure are free to any one. They involve much time, work and expense on our
part, but we offer them gladly and ask in return only that you read and observe Hie simple rules, thus
saving needless delay and trouble for you and us. The whole spirit of this magazine is one of friend-
liness. No formality between editors and readers. Whenever we can help you we’re ready and willing to try.

Identification Cards

  Free to any reader. Just Rend us (r) your name anil ad-
dress, (z) name and address of party to be notified, (J) a
stamped and self-addressed return envelope.

  Each card bears this inscription, each printed in English.
French, Spanish. German, Portuguese, Dutch. Italian,
Arabic, Chinese. Russiun and Japanese:

  "In case of death or serious emergency to bearer, address
serial number of this card, care of Adventure. New York,
stating full particulars, and friends will be notified."

  In our office, under each serial number, will be registered
the name of bearer and of one or two friends, with perma-
nent address of each. No name appears on the card.
Letters will be forwarded to friend, unopened by us. Names
and addresses treated as confidential. We assume no other
obligations. Cards not for business identification. Cards
furnished free provided stamped and addressed envelope ac-
companies application. We reserve the right to use our
own discretion in all matters pertaining to these cards.

  Metal Cards—For twenty-five cents we will send you.
post-paid, the same card in aluminum composition, perfo-
rated at each end. Enclose a self-addressed return enve-
lope, but no postage. Twenty-five cents covers every-
thing. Give same data as for pasteboard cards. Holders
of pasteboard cards can l>c registered under both paste-
board and metal cards if desired, but old numbers can not
be duplicated on metal cards. If you no longer wish your
old card, destroy It carefully and notify us. to avoid con-
fusion and possible false alarms to your friends registered
under that card.

  A moment's thought will show the value of this system
of card-identification for any one. whether in civilization or
out of it. Remember to furnish stamped and addressed
envelope and to give in full the names and addresses of self
and friend or friends when applying.

  If check or money order is sent, please make it out to
the Ridgway Company, not to any individual.

Missing Friends or Relatives

  Our free scrvicc department "Lost Trails" in the pages
following, though frequently used in cases where detective
agencies, newspapers, and ail other methods have failed, or
for finding people long since dead, has located a very high
percentage of those inquired for. Except in case of rela-
tives, inquiries from one sex to tho other are barred.

Back Issues of Adventure

  WILL BUY: First Jan. to First Sept., 1919.—Address.
Frank C. S. Sumpter, Indian Valley, Va.

  WILL SELL: All issues of 101s, 1916. 1917 and iot8—
sixty-four copies in all—fifteen cents each, plus postage.—
Address, A. M. Small, Tea ticket, Mass.

  The Boston Magazine Exchange, 109 Mounlfort
Si., Boston, Mass., can supply Adventure back
through 1918, and- occasional copies before that.

General Questions from Readers

  In addition to our free service department "Ask Adven-
ture" on the pages following. Adventure can sometimes
answer other questions within our general field. When it
can, it will. Expeditions and employment excepted.

Manuscripts

  Glad to look at any manuscript. We have no “regular
staff" of writers. A welcome for new writers. It is not
necessary to write asking to submit your work.

  When submitting a manuscript, if you write a letter con-
cerning it, enclose it with the manuscript; do not send it
under separate cover. Enclose stamped and addressed
envelope for return. All manuscripts should be type-
written double-spaced, with wide margins, not rolled, name
and address on first page. We assume no risk for manu-
scripts or illustrations submitted, but use all due care while
they are in our hands. Payment on acceptance.

  We want only clean stories. Sex, morbid, "problem,"
psychological and supernatural stories barred. Use almost
no fact-articles. Can not furnish or suggest collaborators.
Use fiction of almost any length; under 3000 welcomed.

Mail Address and Forwarding Service

  This office, assuming no responsibility, will be glad to act
as a forwarding address for its readers or to hold mail till
called for, provided necessary postage is supplied. Un-
claimed mail which we have held for a long period is listed
on the last page of this issue.

Camp-Fire Buttons

  To be worn on lapel of coat by members of Camp-Fire—
any one belongs who wishes to. Enameled in dark colors
representing earth, sea and sky, and bears the numeral 71—
the sum of the letters of the word Camp-Fire valued accord-
ing to position in the alphabet. Very small and incon-
spicuous. Designed to indicate the common interest which
is the only requisite for membership in Camp-Fire and to
enable members to recognize each other when they meet in
far placcs or at home. Twenty-five cents, postpaid, any-
where.

  When sending -or the button enclose a strong, self-ad-
dressed, unstamped envelope.

  If check or money order is sent, please make it out to
the Ridgway Company, not to any individual.

Expeditions and Employment

  While we should like to be of aid in these matters, expe-
rience has shown that it is not practicable.

Addresses

  Order of the Restless—Organizing to unite for fel-
lowship all who feel the wanderlust. First suggested in this
magazine, though having no connection with it aside from
our friendly interest. Address Wayne Eberly, 1833
S St., N. W., Washington, D. C.

  Camp-Fire—Any one belongs who wishes to.

  High-School Volunteers of the U. S.—An organiza-
tion promoting a democratic system of military training in
American high schools. Address Everybody's, Spring and
Macdougal Streets. New York City.

  Rifle Clubs—Address Nat. Rifle Ass'n of America, 1108
Woodward Bldg., Washington, D. C.

  (See also under "Standing Information" in ".-1 sk Adven-
ture.")

Remember

  Magazines are made up ahead of time. An item re-
ceived to-day is too late for the current issue; allow for two
or three months between sending and publication.
  A-J	A Free Question and Answer Service Bureau of Infor-

  irt\j mation on Outdoor Life and Activities Everywhere and
Upon the Various Commodities Required Therein. Con-
f\	ducted for Adventure Magazine by Our Staff of Experts.

Q

kUESTIONS should be sent, not to this office, but direct to the
expert in charge of the department in whose field it falls. So
that service may be as prompt as possible, he will answer you
by mail direct. But he will also send to us a copy of each question and
answer, and from these we shall select those of most general interest
and publish them each issue in this department, thus making it itself
an exceedingly valuable standing source of practical information.
Unless otherwise requested, inquirer’s name and town are printed with
question; street numbers not given.

    When you ask for general information on a given district or subject
the expert will probably give you some valuable general pointers and
refer you to books or to local or special sources of information.

    Our experts will in all cases answer to the best of their ability, using
their own discretion in all matters pertaining to their departments
subject only to our general rules for “Ask Adventure,” but neither they nor the magazine assumes any
responsibility beyond the moral one of trying to do the best that is possible. These experts have been
chosen by us not only for their knowledge and experience but for their integrity and reliability. We have
emphatically assured each of them that his advice or information is not lo be affected in any way by
whether a given commodity is or is not advertised in this magazine.

1.	Service free to anybody, provided stamped and addressed envelope is enclosed. Corre-
   spondents writing to or from foreign countries will please enclose International
   Reply Coupons, purchasable at any post-office, and exchangeable for stamps of
   any country in the International Postal Union.

2.	Send each question direct to the expert in charge of the particular department whose
   field covers it. He will reply by mail. Do NOT send questions to this magazine.

3.	No reply will be made to requests for partners, for financial backing, or for chances to
   join expeditions. “Ask Adventure” covers business and work opportunities, but only
   if they are outdoor activities, and only in the way of general data and advice. It is in
   no sense an employment bureau.

4.	Make your questions definite and specific. State exactly your wants, qualifications
   and intentions. Explain your case sufficiently to guide the expert you question.

5.	Send no question until you have read very carefully the exact ground covered by
   the particular expert in whose department it seems to belong.

7.	Middle Western U. S. Part 1

Capt.-Adj. Joseph Mills Hanson, care Adventure. Cov-
ering the Dakotas. Nebraska, Iowa, Kansas. Hunting,
fishing, travel. Especially early history of Missouri valley.

8.	Middle Western U. S. Part 2
John B. Thompson, P. 0. Box 1374. St. Louis, Mo.
Covering Missouri, Arkansas and the Missouri Valley up to
Sioux City. Iowa. Wilder countries of the Ozarks, and
swamps; hunting, fishing, trapping, farming, mining and
range lands; big timber sections.

9.	Western U. S. Part 1

E.	E. Harriman. 230.) W. 23d St.. Los Angeles, Calif.
Covering California. Oregon, Washington, Utah. Nevada.
Arizona. Game. fur. fish; camp, cabin; mines, minerals;
mountains.

10.	Western U. S. Part 2 and
    Mexico Part 1

J. B. W HITE AKER,' Cedar Park, Texas. Covering Texas,
Oklahoma, and the border states of old Mexico; Sonora,
Chihuahua. Coahuila. Nuevo Leon and Tamaulipas.
Minerals, lumbering, agriculture, travel, customs; topog-
raphy, climate, natives, hunting, history, industries.

11.	Mexico Part 2 Southern

Edgar Young, care Adventure Magazine, Spring and
Macdougal Sts.. New York, N. Y. Covering that part of
Mexico lying south of a line drawn from Tampico to
Mazatlan. Mining, agriculture, topography, travel, hunt-
ing. lumbering, history, natives, commerce.

12.	North American Snow Countries Part 1
R. S. Spears. Little Falls. N. Y. Covering Minnesota and
Wisconsin. Hunting, fishing, trapping; canoes and snow-
shoes; methods and materials of Summer and Winter
subsistence, shelter and travel, for recreation or
business.

1.	★ Islands and Coasts

Captain A. E. Dingle. Cove Cottage, Pembroke West,
Bermuda. Islands of Indian and Atlantic oceans; the
Mediterranean; Cape Horn and Magellan Straits. Ports,
trade, peoples, travel.

2.	The Sea Part I

Beriah Brown, Seattle Press Club. 1300 Fifth Ave., N. E..
Seattle, Wash. Covering ships, seamen and shipping; nau-
tical history, seamanship, navigation, yachting; commercial
fisheries of North America; marine bibliography of U. S.
and British Empire; seafaring on fishing-vessels of the
North Atlantic and Pacific banks, small-boat sailing, and
old-time shipping and seafaring.

3.	★ The Sea Part 2

Captain A. E. Dingle. Cove Cottage. Pembroke West,
Bermuda. Such questions as pertain to the sea, ships and
men local to the 0. S. should be sent to Captain Dingle,
not Mr. Brown.

4.	Eastern U. S. Part 1

Raymond S. Spears. Little Falls. N. Y. Covering Missis-
sippi. Ohio, Tennessee. Michigan and Hudson valleys;
Great Lakes. Adirondacks. Chesapeake Bay; river, lake
and road travel, game, fish and woodcraft; furs, fresh-
water pearls, herbs; and their markets.

5.	Eastern U. S. Part 2

Hapsburc. Libbe, 6 W. Concord Ave., Orlando, Florida.
Covering Tennessee. Alabama, Mississippi, and N. and S.
Carolina, Florida and Georgia except Tennessee River and
Atlantic seaboard. Hunting, fishing, camping; logging,
lumbering, sawmilling, saws.

^ Eastern U. S. Part 3

  R. G. E. Hathorne, 44 Central Street. Bangor, Maine.
Covering Maine; fishing, hunting, canoeing, guides, outfits,
supplies.

*	(Enclose addressed envelope with 5 cents in stamps NOT attacheil)

Return postage not required from U. S. or Canadian soldiers, sailors or marines in service outside the U. S.,

its possessions, or Canada.

185
Adventure

13.	★ North American Snow Countries Part 2

S. E. Sangster ("Canuck"), L. B. 393, Ottawa, Canada.
Covering Height of Land and northern parts of Quebec
and Ontario (except strip between Minn, and C. P. R'y);
southeastern parts of Ungava and Keewatin. Trips for
sport, canoe routes, big game, fish, fur: equipment; Summer,
Autumn and Winter outfits; Indian life and habits; Hud-
son's Bay Co. posts; minerals, timber; customs regulations.
No questions answered on trapping for profit.

14.	North American Snow Countries Part 3
Harry M. Moore, Deseronto, Ont.. covering south-eastern
Ontario and the lower Ottawa Valley. Fishing, hunting,
canoeing, mining, lumbering, agriculture, topography,
travel, camping.

15.	* North American Snow Countries Part 4
George L. Catton, Gravenhurst, Muskoka, Ont., Canada.
Covering Southern Ontario and Georgian Bay. Fishing,
hunting, trapping, canoeing.

16.	North American Snow Countries Part 5

Ed. L. Carson. Burlington, Wash. Covering Yukon. Brit-
ish Columbia and Alberta including Peace River district;
to Great Slave Lake. Outfits and equipment, guides, big
game, minerals, forest, prairie; travel; customs regu-
lations.

17.	North American Snow Countries Part 6
Theodore S. Solomons, 2837 Fulton St., Berkeley, Calif.
Covering Alaska. Arctic life and travel; boats, packing,
back - packing, traction, transport, routes; equipment,
clothing, food; physics, hygiene; mountain work.

18.	North American Snow Countries Part 7

H.	S. Belcher, The Hudson's Bay Company, Ft.
Alexander, Manitoba, Canada. Covering Manitoba. Sas-
katchewan. MacKenzic and Northern Keewatin. Home-
steading, mining, hunting, trapping, lumbering and
travel.

19.	Hawaiian Islands and China

F. J. Halton. 632 S. Michigan Ave., Chicago, III. Cover-
ing customs, travel, natural history, resources, agriculture,
fishing, hunting.

28. Central America

Edgar Young, oarc Adventure Magazine. Spring and Mac-
dougal Sts., New Yoik, N. Y. Covering Canal Zone,
Panama, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Honduras. British Hon-
duras, Salvador. Guatemala. Travel, customs, language,
game, local conditions, minerals, trading.

21.	South America Part 1

Edgar Young, care Advtnture Magazine, Spring and Mac-
dougal Sts., New York, N. Y. Covering Colombia. Ecuador,
Peru, Bolivia and Chile. Geography, inhabitants, his-
tory, industries, topography, minerals, game, languages,
customs.

22.	South America Part 2

P. H. Goldsmith. Inter-American Magazine, 407 West
117th St., New York, N. Y. Covering Venezuela, The
Guianas, Brazil, Uruguay. Paraguay and Argentine Re-
public. Travel, history, customs, industries, topography,
natives, languages, hunting and fishing.

23.	Asia, Southern

Gordon McCreagii. 21 East 14th St., New York City.
Covering Red Sea, Persian Gulf. India. Tibet, Burma.
Western China, Siam, Andamans, Malay States, Borneo,
the Treaty Ports; hunting, trading, traveling.

24.	Philippine Islands

Buck Connor. Box R07A.—R. F. D. No. 10, Los Angeles.
California. Covering history, natives, topography, customs,
travel, hunting, fishing, minerals, agriculture, exports and
imports; manufacturing.

25.	Japan

Grace P. T. Knudson, Castine. Maine. Covering Japan:
Commerce, politics, people, customs, history, geography,
travel, agriculture, art, curios.

26.	Russia and Eastern Siberia

Major A. M. Lociiwitzkv I Formerly Lietit.-Col. I. R. A.,
Ret.), Austin, Texas. Covering Petrograd and its province;
Finland Northern Caucasus; Primorsk District, Island of
Sakhalien; travel, hunting, fishing; explorations among
native tribes; markets, trade, curios.

27.	Africa Part I

Thomas S. Miller, Eagle Bird Mine, Washington, Nevada
Co., Calif. Covering the Gold, Ivory and Fever Coasts
of West Africa, the Niger River from the delta to Jebba,
Northern Nigeria. Canoeing, labor, trails, trade, expenses,
outfitting, flora - tribal histories, witchcraft, savagery.

28.	Africa Part 2

George E. Holt. Frederick, Md. Covering Morocco;
travel, tribes, customs, history, etc.

29.	★ Africa Part 3. Portuguese East Africa

R. W. Waring, Corunna, Ontario, Canada. Covering
trade, produce, climate, opportunities, game, wild life,
travel, expenses, outfits, health, etc.

30.	★ Africa Part 4. Transvaal, N.W. and Southern
  Rhodesia, British East Africa, Uganda and the Up-
  per Congo

Charles Bkadle, 7 Place de Tertre, Paris, XVIII, France.
Covering geography, hunting, equipment, trading, climate,
mining, transport, customs, living conditions, witchcraft,
opportunities for adventure and sport.

31.	★ New Zealand. Cook Islands and Samoa

Tom L. Mills, The Feilding Star, Feilding, New Zealand.
Covering New Zealand, Cook Islands and Samoa. Travel,
history, customs; opportunities for adventurers, explorers
and sportsmen.

32.	★ Australia and Tasmania

Albert Goldie, Hotel Sydney, Sydney, Australia.
Covering customs, resources, travel, hunting, sports,
politics, history.

 FIREARMS, PAST AND PRESENT

  Rifles, shotguns, pistols revolvers and ammunition.
(Any questions on the arms adapted to a particular locality
should not be sent to this department but bo the “Ask Ad-
venture'' editor covering the district in question.)

  A.—All	Shotguns (including foreign and American
makes). J. B. Thompson. Bo 1374. St. Louis. Mo.

  B.—All	Rifles, Pistols an 1 Revolvers (including
foreign and American makes). O. Wiggins, Salem, Ore.

FISHING IN NORTH AMERICA

Salt and Fresh Water Fishing

J. B. Thompson, Box 1374, St. Louis. Mo. Covering fishing-
tackle and equipment; fly end bait casting: live bait; camp-
ing outfits; fishing trips.

STANDING INFORMATION

   For general information on U. S. and its possessions, write
Sup't of Public Documents, Wash.. D. C., for catalog of all
Government publications.

  For th t’hili,jpines and Porto Rico, the Bureau of Insu-
lar Affairs, War Dep't Wash., D. C.

  For Alaska, the Alaska Bureau, Chamber of Commerce,
Central Bldg.. Seattle, Wash.

  For Hawaii, Hawaii Promotion Committee, Chamber of
Commerce, Honolulu, T. H Also. Dep't of the Interior.
Wash.. D. C

  For Cuba. Bureau of Information, Dep't of Agri.. Com.,
and Labor. Havana, Cuba.

  For Central and South America, John Barrett, Dir. Gen.
Pan-American Union, Wash., D. C.

  For R. N. W. M. P.. Comptroller Royal Northwest
Mounted Police. Ottawa. Can., or Commissioner, R. N. W.
M. P., Regina, Sask. Only unmarried British subiects, age
22 to 30, above 5 ft. 8 in. and unde- !75 lbs. accepted.

  For Canal Zone, the Panama Canal Commission. Wash.,
D. C.

   For U. S.. its possessions and most foreign countries, the
Dep't of Com., Wash., D. C.

 FOR ARMY. NAVY OR MARINE CORPS

  Accurate, free information. What the Government is
doing for discharged soldiers and sailors. Facts not opinions
given. No questions answered involving criticism or be-
stowing praise or blame. Enclose stamped addressed en-
velope. Address—SERVICE, The Home Sector, Spring
and Macdougal Streets. New York City, New York.

*	(Enclose addressed envelope with 5 cents in stamps NOT attached)

The following "Ask Adventure" editors are now serving in our military forces. We hope you will be patient if their answers are
at limes delayed: Capt.-Adj. Joseph Mills Hanson; Major A. M. Lochwitzky.
Ask Adventure

187

Winter Hunting in Alaska

THERE is game a plenty for the man who
is used to roughing it; and game of the
sort one can seldom find in any other part of
North America. Then there is the joy of
the vast, silent places—the inimitable
wilderness:

  Question:—“I should like to get some information
regarding the best place in Alaska, or northwest
Canada, to spend several months. I mean a place
where is plenty of big game, and far enough from
civilization that one will not be molested by others.
Would I have to employ a guide for such a trip?

  What is the regulation regarding hunting in
Alaska, also in regard to .38 Colt Revolver and .351
Automatic Winchester Rifle? Do you think that
one could find enough excitement to spend a whole
Winter up there; if so, could two men carry enough
equipment for the Winter? As we are accustomed
to traveling light we would expect rough conditions.
Could the trip be made in a canoe?

  Any information concerning the route, place and
equipment (clothing rations, etc.,) will be thankfully
received.

  What would you estimate the cost of the trip for
two fellows?”—W. E. Wentworth, U. S. Army.

  Answer, by Mr. Solomons:—You only have to
employ a guide on the Kenai Peninsula, south of the
new railroad that is being built. Elsewhere a guide
is unnecessary and a nuisance. The country is so
big and services of guides so little in demand that
there are no such things that are reliable. Any
weapons dependable in the States here are usable
and satisfactory in Alaska, except that for bull
moose and the Alaska grizzly—a not very frequently
met animal—you want a pretty fairly heavy bore
gun of high power. Otherwise, as to firearms in
general, I advise light ones to meet the difficulty of
getting over the ground, which is not inconsiderable
in the north, and which calls for as light equipment
as possible.

  I couldn’t promise you “excitement” for a Winter
in Alaska, as it’s a rather quiet country and you do
quite a bit of traveling for what you see and get.
But if you’re looking for a change, and solitude and
wildness, and a fair amount of game, that’s the place.

  You could ascend or descend a river to a suitable
place, in a canoe, taking enough essentials for a
Winter in the country. But I do not advise this
unless you’re bridle-wise to the undertaking. It
means Living mostly on the country.

  You’d need little equipment. That part would be
all right. But the grub end of it might “give you
pause.”

  An Alaskan Winter is a long time and you eat a
great deal, and your canoe, to be handily handled,
will not land you where you want to be with a great
deal of grub, after your other impedimenta is de-
ducted. But a steamer will land you anywhere on
either of the several big rivers, and with enough grub
to be comfortable. A very short distance from some
such point you could probably obtain the surround-
ings and habitat you seek and could get your outfit
there quite easily.

  For a Summer’s trip a canoe trip would be very
nice, or one with a poling boat, and you might run
into some game—some small game, of course. But

as you do not specify your preferences, I could not
advise any definite part of Alaska as your objective.

  As to the cost of the trip—there is not much to
pay after you leave the last transi>ortation company
with your outfit. The cost of the latter you can
estimate for yourself. The cost of getting it into
the country will be about equal to the fare of one
man (outfit for two) to wherever you go. But if
you buy all your heavier stuff in Alaska, as you
should, it will probably come to somewhat less.
Thai’s all I can give you without specified inquiries
as to “routes, place, equipment, clothing, rations.”

Planting the South Sea Islands

HERE is some information which Mr.
Mills could not give you while the
war was on. Do you want a plantation
where the climate is glorious; where nearly
every conceivable kind of fruit and grain
can be raised; where one can choose, tem-
perate, semitropical, or torrid lands; where
the fishing is unsurpassed and the hunting
fine? There’s plenty of elbow-room still
in the world where one can make more than
a mighty good living:

  Question:—“I am greatly interested in the South
Sea Islands as a money-making proposition; I
mean planting and also adventure. 1 am a motor
mechanic by trade, nineteen years old. My ques-
tions are:

  1.	What is the best and cheapest way to get
there?

   2.	What arc the licst islands to settle in?

  3.	What are the lxst things to plant for quick
results?

  4.	IIow much capital would be required?

   5.	What is the per cent, profit one could reason-
ably expect?

  6.	What is the white population of most South
Sea Islands?

   7.	Are motor tractors used at all, and how is the
planting done?”—Leonard J. Richards, Bendigo,
Australia.

  Answer, by Mr. Mills:—Now that the war is
over, you can get much information op the islands
that was forbidden during the course of the war.
By the way, if you will allow me the interpellation,
this is a good tip, too, for the other readers of
Adventure who have asked me for details which
were forbidden by the War Censor. It will interest
all and sundry to learn that when I started answer-
ing questions for “Ask Adventure” I recommended
my correspondents to write to the Union and other
shipping companies trading in the South Seas,
asking them to send copies of their very interesting
pamphlets on tours of the Islands. Some of my
replies were opened by the Censor, and then I
got an intimation from the Union S. S. Co. that
their pamphlets had been withdrawn from circu-
lation during the war period. I think that you
can apply to the Melbourne office of the Union
Steamship Company or the office of the Bums
Philp Company, Sydney or Brisbane, for a copy
of their pamphlets describing tours of the Islands
and on the conditions prevailing there. They
i88

Adventure

are highly infqrmative publications. Now let me
get at your seven queries seriatim:

  1.	The best and cheapest way to the islands
from Bendigo will be either from Sydney or Bris-
bane, according to the group you decide upon.
That you should fix upon after perusing the sug-
gested pamphlets. Fares have altered so much
during the war period that I can not answer as to
cheapness. Here again the pamphlets will be of
value. Be sure lo tell the shipping company just
what you want.

  2.	Write to the Honorable the Minister of the
Interior, Melbourne, and ask him whether any
special inducements are on offer for settlers in
the.New Guinea (Papua) Group and other parts
of the South Seas that Australia now occupies.
Make sure of the climates, picking one that will
suit you.

 3.	Depends upon the group you choose. You
have a choice between oranges, bananas, copra
(coconuts)—and what about cotton?

  4.	Have your (>ocket pretty well lined. Money
makes money even in lhe islands. Here again I
must be general, not definite. The money needed
depends upon the area you desire to take up.

  5.	As in other parts of the world, profits arc
according lo persistence.

  6.	Not many white folks on any of the groups.
Off the beaten track the whites are very few.
There is quite a settlement of whites on Raro-
tonga, in the Cook Group, and in Samoa.

  7.	The Islands have many of the conveniences
of modern lii'e, but I have not heard that they are
up to date with motor tractors. The plowing is
done in the good old-fashioned way.

Prospecting the Andes

IN THAT wild, little kuown country on
the eastern slope of the Andes, in Ecua-
dor, many believe bonanzas are to be found.
It’s a land where only the daring and the
strong can succeed—the 'kind of the savage
Jivaro. One man brought out a bag of
gold, but was insane. Other parties have
gone in, never to return. Still, fortunes
are being made there:

  Question:—“[ am anxious to obtain some infor-
mation on the advisability ol a trip to the west
coast of South America, under the conditions men-
tioned.

  There are two of us who will make this trip.
Our training and experience consists of many years
of roughing it in the Yukon territory and Alaska,
and a university training in geology at one of the
best universities. Have had a wide practical
knowledge of metal mining, including placer and
mining geology.

  The primary object of this proposed trip would
be lo prospect for gold and silver, and due to a
lack of knowledge of the mineral resources of the
country, you might state the most advantageous
section, which would be free from malaria and
other diseases and still possess some good possi-
bilities.

  What would be the cost of such a trip from San
Francisco, including fare and equipment? Please
mention the caliber and make of any firearms we

would need, considering the laws of the country
in question with regard to the importing of fire-
arms, the size, of the game and the ch.nee o£ secur-
ing ammunition.

  Would you advise the purchase of burros upon
our arrival, to carry equipment and provisions?
What would be their cost? Would the hostility
of the natives hinder us in any way in the section
you would suggest?”—Victor E. Ekholm, Strawn,
Texas.

  Answer, by Mr. Young:—Possibly the richest
country in minerals of all South America is the
republic of Colombia, said to be the richest bound-
ary of land above water in the entire world. Since
1739, 12,728 gold mines have made good, and fcr
the past year the average in gold exported has
been over 300,000 dollars’ worth per month. The
amount of silver that has been exported staggers
the imagination. Colombia also furnished the
world with the bulk of its emeralds, mainly from
the famous Muzo district, from which emeralds
have been mined since immemorial times.

  The platinum of Colombia is much purer than
the Russian metal and the supply "is increasing
yearly. Formerly this metal was thrown away
and was a source of much trouble to the miners
to get rid of it from the gold. Now they are dig-
ging up the streets where it was formerly thrown
and panning the dirt. Copper, tin, lead, zinc,
mercury, antimony, arsenic, sulphur, coal, asphalt,
petroleum, iron, rubies, sapphires, garnets, ame-
thysts are being extracted and exported.

  However, for the prospector, due to the fact that
Colombia has been fairly well prospected over, I
would suggest Ecuador as a more likely spot to
make a rich strike. This is the same kind of
country and the minerals have scarcely been
touched. I was talking last week to a man who
made the trip from Rio Bamba by foot to the
Napo, and on down to Iquitos by boat, and he
told me he saw the Indians with lots of dust to
trade.

  There is a tribe of very hostile Indians called
the Jiveros, or Jivaros, up above where he struck
the river, and it is impossible to get up into their
country, due to the fact that they will not allow
a white man nor neighboring Indians to enter. This
man’s name is Walter R. Johnson.

  When I was in Ecuador a few years ago I met
up with a Mr. Morley at Huigra and he also told
me about rich gold country over there. There
was a party went in and the lone man who came
out, a negro, the ninth man of the party, who
came out at Para, brought a huge bag of very
large nuggets out with him. He was crazy as a
loon, but drew a map after he got back here in
the United States. Another party came down
with the map this negro had made and after they
went in nothing was ever heard ol them. Walter
Johnson told me they were above the little village
of Napo. which is Jivero, and bad country. He
says there >s no danger below this village, but
plenty of it above. Also he claimed the Indians
were very'tame after you leave Napo going down-
stream. The way he put it, he said he would
guarantee that a man struck good placer ground
on this river. The Ecuadorian people are buffa-
loed by those Indians over there, and there is a
chance that there is a bonanza located there. You
can take that with salt if you want to; you know
Ask Adventure

how visionary we old prospectors get to be, and
Walt is as bad as I am.

  That is the country I would pick if I went back
in South America to prospect, due to the following
reasons: Colombia has been pretty well located
up, Peru was worked Out fairly well by the Incas,
Bolivia is solid full of mineral, and has many com-
panies looking it over, Chili is mostly nitrates, and
water is scarce.

  My next bet would be either Venezuela or the
Guianas, and then northern Brazil.

  There is a railroad operated by an American
company running up into the interior of Ecuador
to Quito from Duran, just across the river from
Guayaquil. Guayaquil is a hell-hole for fever,
but after an hour’s ride you arc above the fever
line and it begins to get cool. You can go from
sea level to perpetual snow.

  The climate after you get into the high plateau
about 10,000 feet high, is delightful. The good
prospecting country is on the eastern slope of the
country, to my notion, in the extreme headwaters
of the rivers flowing into the Amazon. Right at
Rio Bamba you cross a stream that could float a
canoe which flows into the Amazon. It could
float one, but it would be hard work, for it’s just
a few feet across at this point. I looked at it with
this view in mind and believe by wading part of
the way until a man reached more water he could
run a canoe right from Rio Bamba, if he took it
easy and did not get smashed up.

  There is a road running back into the Archidona
district from Quito, and the trip can be made by
mule to Papallacta. There is a man in Papallacta
who sends mules to Quito to bring people out.
From there it’s pack work with Indian packers.
I think they charge five dollars (U. S.) for the
eighteen days pack (per Indian) from Papallacta
to Napo, packing about a hundred pounds. These
Indian packers are wonders. I just came across
a note in “Quito to Bogota,” by A. C. Veatch,
which mentions them sending a message one hun-
dred miles in a day by an Indian runner through
rough country. There are other records of runs
of 250 and 300 miles that are unbelievable by a
white man. They have been bred for the purpose
from ancient times. They work for little pay and
will stick until the cows come home.

  The first class fare from San Francisco to Guaya-
quil is about $140. Second class is much less,
and with a hammock and a few dollars to the
steward, is not bad. I prefer a freight boat, and
if you could make connection with a captain who
would sign you on as super-cargo or purser, and
then accept about fifty dollars, it is much better.
I never saw a captain of a tramp yet who wouldn't
carry a man if approached right.

  Firearms: .30-30 rifle or carbine; .38 or Colt
standard; .22 single shot, or repeating, for a ..able gun.

  Game: Puma, jaguar, bear, tapir, armad llo,
anteater, opossum, capybara, deer (red and white),
hare, rabbit, monkey, birds of many kinds, fish
of many kinds (will not bite a hook, but are killed
with berries by the Indians). In the lowlands
on both eastern and western side there are many
reptiles, but these disappear in the highlands.
In the extreme highlands game is scarce.

  Pack with Indians instead of burros. You can
get burros or llamas (sulky brutes) in the high
country. An Indian can travel ten times as fast
and is less trouble.

189

  I am giving you a line on a rainbow end that
I would tackle if I had prospecting in my head
just at present.

  Write Pan-American Union, Washington, D. C.,
for the booklet, “Ecuador.”

  There are a number of American outfits working
in Colombia up around Medellin and all of them
are good for a job if a man blows in. It’s no use
to write them from this end, though. If you
stopped in Colombia and looked these mines over
it might give you an idea of the formations to be
met with in Ecuador, but it's a hard trip to get
back up to them in Colombia, due to lack of trans-
portation.

  You can get all provisions necessary in Quito,
Rio Bamba, or other cities and towns. Gold
pans, etc., should be taken from this end, for the
wooden bowls the Indians use are unwieldy for a
white man. I have used a large frying-pan in
place of a pan.

Orange Growing in California

THE great exodus from city to farm
seems to be under way. At least our
“Ask Adventure” experts are deluged with
letters asking how and where one can ^et
a living from the soil and make a real ho.uc.
If you are one of those who contemplate
such a move, don’t forget that oranges
yield often $400 per acre. Mr. Harriman
gives some sound advice about raising cit-
rus fruits:

  Question:—In the near future my parents and I
intend moving to southern California. Therefore
I should like any information you can give regard-
ing this part of your State, especially the section
lying near Los Angeles.

  Is orange raising profitable? What books can
I read on orange culture? Is orange land expensive?

  How large are the ranches usually owned in
southern California?

  I understand there are agents who undertake
the sale of one’s oranges, and who also buy them
on the trees. Is this true?

  We would like to board in Los Angeles while
looking over the ground. Can one rent a five-acre
farm with the intention of buying later? And how
much clear profit might be expected from a good
crop on such a farm?

  What is the fare from this city, and how long
would travelling time be?”—Francis J. Zoeller,
Brooklyn, N. Y.

  Answer, by Mr. Harriman:—Yes, orange culture
is very profitable to experts. I have no lists of
books with me here, for I am !KX) miles from home.
Yes, the land is expensive. About all available
land fit for citrus fruit lias been set to trees now.

  An orange ranch in full bearing brings from
S2,000 to $15,500 an acre. Young trees on new
land, with five years still to wait before bearing,
bring from $1,200 to $1,500 an acre. Land with
one-year-old trees brings from $750 to $1,000 an
acre.

  The orange orchards average around 15 to
25 acres each, though some are larger, even up to
100 acres.
Adventure

190

  The otange growers have associations that handle
the entire crop in any particular section, but the
growers do their own picking mostly.

  The best thing you can do about a boarding
place is to go to some hotel like the “Trenton” on
Olive Street, and stop there while you hunt up the
kind of place you like.

  No owner of a citrus orchard would consider
renting it to any man who was unused to citrus
culture, because an inexperienced man would ruin
it. As for the clear profit, that depends upon soil,
the man in charge, the use of fertilizer, etc., but
growers expect about $300 to $450 an acre profit.

  See your Brooklyn railway agent about fare and
time of travel. No use in writing clear across the
continent to learn what is at your own door, nor
is there any use in my bothering a local agent to
hunt up information you should get there.

  Be careful how you trust real estate agents.

Raising Ginseng

MANY herb experts are now success-
fully raising this valuable plant in
the United States. But Korea seems to be
the boss land for ginseng. As for cultivat-
ing it in the tropics, there are many con-
flicting opinions. Has any of you ever
seen the plant grown in a hot climate?

  Question:—“I am desirous of experimenting on
my plantation with ‘Ginseng,’ and as I know
nothing whatever about this root I will be very
thankful for any information which you may be
able to send regarding same.

  We have good soil and a splendid rainfall, and the
temperature varies from 83 to 90 degrees the year
round, so you see we have no Winter or extreme
heat.”—CnAS. E. Hamilton, Misima Island, Papua,
Australasia.

  Answer, by Mr. Ritchie:—As to trying the experi-
ment of raising ginseng in the Papuan group, I can
only give you the broadest first-hand information.
But I am writing the U. S. Department of Agri-
culture at Washington, D. C., to ask if they have
any bulletins on ginseng culture; if they send me
any material on the subject I shall forward it at
once to you.

  As you know, doubtless, Korea leads in the pro-
duction of ginseng, though a small amount comes
from Manchuria, and in some of the Southern
States of this country ginseng is raised with more
or less success. The climate of Korea is temperate,
with snows in Winter and rarely higher tem[>era-
ture than 90 degrees in Summer. The Korean
root is collected after the first frost, when the sap
of the plant has all gone to the root. It is pre-
pared after an elaborate native formula of macera-
tion in rice water and drying in a closed pot over
a slow fire.

  Offhand, I should say that the great difference
in your climate over the Korean would prohibit
the success of its growing with you. It is dis-
distinctly not a tropical plant; whether it can be
grown successfully in a tropical climate I can not
dare say. I hope that the Agriculture Department
may have a bulletin which will give you much more
specific information than I can.

Ancient Ruins of Central America

f | 'HAT a highly civilized race, the Mayas,
existed in that region just south of
Mexico, is a proven fact. Their cities and
temples are fast being excavated. But even
yet many remain undiscovered in the depths
of dark Central American jungles. By rail-
road or boat one can be carried almost to
the doors of these ancient ruins. And the
great mysteries of this early race will no
doubt soon be solved:

  Question:—“I have read with much interest your
notes on “Central America As It Is” in Adventure of
eighteenth April issue, but I would like some direct
information on British Honduras, Guatemala, etc.,
in regard to the ruins of the Maya period.

  What is the best way to reach them and are the
principal ruins far from the beaten path? From the
little practical knowledge I have on the subject, I
assume the United Fruit Co. steamers are best way
of reaching British Honduras and Guatemala.
But how near one can get to the best known ruins is
what I wish to know, and any information you can
give me on this subject will be gratefully received.”
—Wentworth G. Field.

  Answer, by Mr. Young:—Quirigua ruins, where
extensive excavations have been made, is within a
mile of the railroad that crosses Guatemala. Copan
which has been excavated, revealing a city of great
magnitude, is about sixty miles from the Guatemalan
Railway, which is about as good a way to get there
as any other. I think the road leaves from Zacapa
for this i>oint.

  Professor Marshall H. Saville, Department of
Anthropology, Columbia University, has taken
several scientific expeditions down to Central
America. Another American who spent the greater
part of several years making excavations in Copan is
Mr. George Byron Gordon. He wrote some articles
for Century on this subject, which were published
about 1904 or 1905.

  Less extensive operations have been carried on in
the ruins of Tical, Quiche, Tehuacan, Ciudad An-
tigua, Sebaco, Matagalpa, Boaca Viejo, San Pedro
de Lovago, Leon Viejo, Granada,Nandaimo,Diriomo,
Pearl Lagoon, Omelepe Island and other islands of
the Gran Lago, and the Chiriqui ruins of Panama
and Costa Rica.

  The ruins in Nicaragua arc fairly easy of access,
but the work done there has been slight. The
interior of Honduras has only been scratched in this
respect. I have not heard of any discoveries being
made in British Honduras, the principal ones that
have come to my notice being in Spanish Honduras.
However, I have no doubt ruins of this kind exist in
British Honduras, also.

  The best way to reach Guatemala is via United
Fruit boat to Puerto Barrios, and up by rail to the
interior. Spanish Honduras is reached by mule
from the end of a small railroad running inland from
Puerto Cortez. It is about an eight-day trip to the
capital. There is an auto bus running up to Teguci-
galpa from Amapala, on the Pacific side. I believe
better time can be made by crossing Guatemala by
rail and then making the trip up from Amapala
than by taking the mule trip from the Atlantic
side.
LOST TRAILS

   Note—We offer this department of the "Camp-Fire" free of charge to those
of our readers who wish to get in touch again with old friends or acquaintances
from whom the years have separated them. For the benefit of the friend you
seek, give your cnvn name if possible. All inquiries along this line, unless contain-
ing contrary instructions, will be considered as intended for publication in full
with inquirer's name, in this department, at our discretion. We reserve the
right, in case inquirer refuses his name, to substitute any numbers or other
names, to reject any item that seems to us unsuitable, and to use our discretion
in all matters pertaining to this department. Give also your own full address.
We will, however, forward mail through this office, assuming no responsibility
therefor. We have arranged with the Montreal Star to give additional publi-
cation in their "Missing Relative Column," weekly and daily editions, to any of
our inquiries for persons last heard of in Canada. Except in case of rela-
tives. inquiries from one sex to the other are barred.

SEAY. PHILIP. "Flip.” Your father is dead. Let me
hear from you at once.—Mother.

-THOMAS, JOHN W. Left the P. O. Home. March.
1 1916. Brother is asking for him. He is now eighteen
years of age.—Address H. M. T.t care of Adventure.

DURKETT. Sergeant Major. First Cavalry. Any one
^ knowing the address kindly write.—Address J. W.
Redington, Box 103. Kelseyville. Cal.

  Please notify us at once when you have found
your man.

DUBENSTIEN. HARRY. alias Ham- Butler. Worked
with Phil Shaw in lumber camp. November 11. 1918.
to December 31. 1018. Lost track of you. Write, care of
Adventure. L. T. No. 380.

LIOWARD, R. L. Write and tell me where I can reach
** you. Have important news for you. All well.—
Address Herman S. WiLCHMAN, 723 Beach St.. Pine Bluff.
Ark.

TV/1C PADDEN, PAUL. Last heard of in Buie. Ariz.. 1917.

I’* Was then working in mines. Any information will
be appreciated by his mother.—Address Mrs. A. M.
McFaddbn, 327 S. Adams St.. Fort Worth. Texas.

  Inquiries will be printed three times, then
taken out. In the tlrst February Issue all un-
round names asked for during the past two
years will be reprinted alphabetically.

DEED. ELSIVINA. E., or GEO. C. Last heard of in
I' Warren. R. I. Any one knowing their whereabouts
kindly communicate with Calvin C. Reed. 12 Wyman
St., W. Medford, Mass.

IVyf ARCH MONTE. MERLE. Served in 13th U. S.
I’* Cavalry. F Troop, about 1013-1014. Please send
Information regarding his whereabouts.—Address E. W.
Grapatin, Geneva, Ohio, R. D. 2, who will forward same
to me. Benjamin Snow.

\T/ILKINS. NORMAN GLENN. Left Port Angeles.
” Wash., to go to Seattle on July 15. 1918, and was never
heard from again. Six feet one inch tall, weight 130 i>ounds.
dark hair and eyes, age twenty-seven. Any information
in regard to this man will be appreciated by his mother.—
Address Mrs. E. E. Fov, 819 Cherry St.. Port Angeles.
Wash.

  Please notify us at once when you have found
your man.

A TKINS. WALTER J. Age. twenty-eight, six feet tall.

   weight about one hundred and forty pounds, black
curly hair. Last seen in Moorhead. N. D.. 1015. Any
information will be appreciated.—Address ITans Malk-
mus. 592 Superior St.. Kenosha, Wis.

pDWARDS, GILBERT B. Age thirty-six. weight 200-
' 220 pounds, height five feet nine inches, black hair
tinged with gray, blue eyes, and teeth not very good.
Worked as railroad machinist, fireman, engineer, etc.
Heard of in Dallas. Texas, and Paula. Kansas, in iqi6.
and later at Nashville. Tcnn., November. 191S. Mother
Is very sick and wants him home. Any one knowing hi',
whereabouts please call his attention to this or write to
his brother.—Address Charles W. Edwards. 910 Garden
St., Hoboken. N. J.

DUNKER, EARL R. Last heard of at Fort Riley,
Kansas. Any information concerning him will be
appreciated. "Happy." your old pal "Red," from Scho-
field Barracks, would like to hear from you. Write care
of Adventure, L. T. No. 381.

  Inquiries will be printed three times, then
taken out. In the first February Issue all un-
found names asked for during the past two
years will be reprinted alphabetically.

GANTRY, DENIS. At one time, staff cartoonist of a
well known Johannesburg. South Africa, daily news-
txiper. Last known in Penang. Straits Settlements.
Write your best chum, old chap. What's happened?
Have you "gone native”?—Address, care of Adventure,
L. T. No. 379.

LIAYES. ARTHUR JOSEPH. Please write to your
1 1 closest buddy in the C. E. F. I have located Folk.
We misunderstood him. A reconciliation of the "Three
Terrible Yanks" is in order and will occur as soon as I
locate you.—Address Mike O’Learv, care of Y. M. C. A..
Lima, Ohio.

/"■ONKLE. CLARENCE. Formerly of Grand Rapids
v-' and Battle Creek, Mich. Left Grand Rapids about

six years ago. Is a buffer by trade. I have news of great
importance for him. Any information will lie appreciated.
—Address X. W. Wordenburg, Kalamazoo, Mich., Gen-
eral Delivery.

   Please notify us at once when you hare found
your man.

WOOTEN. GEORGE. Was sergeant in Captain Ben-
dire's Troop K, First U. S. Cavalry, and captured
Captain Jack. Chief of the Modocs. Last saw him in
the Yellowstone during the Nez Perce War in 1877. Heard
that he had gone to Salt Lake.—Address J. W. Redington,
Box 103. Kelseyville. Cal.

DEAUBIER, JERRY E. Brother. Age eighteen.

   height five feet eight inches, weight 140 pounds, blue
eyes, fair hair, skin slightly freckled and tanned. Left
Brandon in company of Russell Maxwell in June, 1919.
Want to hear from you.—Address David H. Beaubier,
436 Twelfth St., Brandon, Manitoba, Canada.

/“•UTHBERT. CLARENCE. Federico Mondragon.

   Native of San Francisco. Six feet in height, hair and
mustache slightly gray. Has relatives or friends in
Frisco. Is a soldier of fortune. Last heard of with
Pancho Villa in Mexico. Thought to have gone to Russia.
Has quick temper and is noted for being a crack shot. I
would like to bear from him or anybody who knows his
whereabouts.—Address Roberto Mendez, care of Adven-
ture. L. T. No. 382.

  Please notify us at once when you have found
your man.

SHELDON. WILLIS D. Sixty-five years old. six feet
one inch tall, weight 18s pounds, snow-white hair,
bald spot on top of head, no teeth on the upper jaw,
heavy voice, slightly stoop-shouldered, member of the
Masons and Odd Fellows of Canaan, Conn. Left Bridge-
port December 12. 1916. and has not been heard from
since; used to drive a laundry wagon in Pittsfield, Mass.
Information with regard to the whereabouts of this man
should be sent to Mr. William E. Burton, Washington
and Madison Avcs., Bridgeport, Conn.
192

Adventure

r\RUMM-JONES, Charles J. Last heard of as solicitor
^ for magazines and portrait houses. Five feet ten
inches in height, weighs about 15s pounds, dark com-
plexion, wears glasses and has a gold tooth. Was forty-
one years old August 2nd. Any one knowing his where-
abouts please write his mother.—Address Mrs. Mary J.
Jones, General Delivery, Fort Worth, Texas.

  Please notify us at once when you bare found
your man.

f'EHO. PVT. DAVID W., 97th Co., Sixth Regiment,
^ U. S. Marines. Received training at Paris Island.
S. C. Went overseas in Fall of 1918. Last heard from
October 6, 1918, from Denver, W. Va. Short and heavily
built, light hair, gray eyes, about nineteen years old.
Reported killed in action Nov. 5, 1918, but no official
confirmation has been received. Any information will
be appreciated.—Address Raymond Harian, 308 Morton
Ave., Moundsville, W. Va.

THE following have been Inquired for In full In
* either the First November or Mld-Novcicber
Issues of Adventure. They can get the name
of th« Inquirer from this magazine:

DECK, MRS. BESSIE; Conners. Will F. W., Crossey
William: DeLapp, Will E.; Gibbs. Richard H.; Glau
man, Al; Hewke, Manda; Holder, Charles Henry; Kade
Ray T.; Knox. Mrs. R-, and Bill; Kuller, Harry; Meyer
Lidia and Gotlieb; Moran, Thomas or Michael: Nance

I.	V.; Rohrich, Arthur; Rubenstein, Meyer; Smith, "Ban
tam Red"; South Africans; Texas "Slim"; Track, Sam
Turner, George; Vertais, Marino.

MANUSCRIPTS UNCLAIMED

LIASTLAR GAL BREATH; Ruth GilfiUan; Jack P.
1 1 Robinson; Roy Ozmer; Miss Jimmie Banks; O. B.
Franklin: Lieutenant Wm. S. Hilles; G. H. Bennett;
Bryon Chrisholm; A. B. Paradis; E. E. S. Atkins; James
P. Goggins; G. E. Hungerford.

I JNCLAIMED mall Is held by Adventure for
the following persons, who may obtain It by
sending us present address and proof of Identity.

ALLISON. CORP. JAMES T.; Babcock. Lucius A.;
*"* Beaton, G. M.; Benson. Edwin Worth; Bryson. Clarence

F.; Mr. Brownell; Carpenter, Capt. Robert S.; Carr. Fred;
Casey. H E.; Coles. Bobby; Cook, William N.; Cosby,
Arthur F.; Engleby. B.; Garson, Ed.: Hale, Robert E.;
Harris. Walter J.; Hart, Jack; Hines. Joseph; Kelly,
Charles Lester; Kuckaby. William Francis; Kuhn, Ed-
ward; Kutcher, Harry; Lafler. Mrs. Harry; Lancaster,

C.	E.; Larisev, Jack; Lee. Drr C.; Lee, Capt. Harry; Lee.
Dr. William R.; Leighton, Capt.; "Lonely Jock": Lovett.
Harold S.; McAdams. W. B.: MacDonald, Tony: Mac-
Namee, Alva I.; Madsen, Sgt. E. E.; Nichols, Leon; Hunt.
Daniel O'Connell; Parrott. D. C.; Reid. Raymond D.;
Rich, Bob; Rodgers, Stewart; Rundle. Merrill G.; Scott
James F.; Shepard, H. O.: Swan, George F.; Taylor, Jim;
Tripp. Edward; Van Tyler, Chester; Von Gelucke. Byron:
Wetherell, Corp. D. E.: Williams. Raymond J., Williams,
W- P.; Wood, Basil D.; S 177284: 439: L. T. 348; J. C.

ri.: W. o.-X. V.

DLEASE send us your present address. Letters for-

*	warded to you at address given us do not reach you.—
Address E. F. Brace, care Adventure.

 By G. A. Wells

THE TRAIL AHEAD

MID-DECEMBER ISSUE

Nine stories, each of them pulsing with life and action, come to
you with our next number. Other features are listed on page two.

THE REDEMPTION OF BILL HOLLAND

         With the horror of a railroad disaster stabbing his conscience. Bill Holland sinks to'the depths, then tries
         to “come back." But he finds every hand against him. Still he has fight left in his character.

THE WIZARDRY OF FEAR	By Robert J. Pearsall

        Inside the remote Chinese village, whence no man has returned. Partridge and Hazard, two young Ameri-
        cans, discover a plot for world domination which involves a weapon heretofore unknown.

IKE HARPER’S HISTORICAL HOLIDAY	By W. C. Tuttle

        If you are in any doubt as to who or what was the reason for the Fourth of July being a holiday, this story
        will not settle your mind.

A DEAD MAN’S TALE	By Gordon Young

        Twenty years before. Dekker had brained the man with a war-club. But now for six months he had been
        receiving notes from the dead man in the queer scrawl that Dekker knew only too well.

THE SUPREME COURT GOES FISHIN’

 By Stephen Chalmers

        This fishing trip forccs a representative of the Supreme Court to resort to his law books and two quarts
        of whisky in order to keep out of jail.

THE LAST JOKE OF JOKER JOE	By Hap,burg Liebe

        This Tennessee mountaineer is very prone to practical joking, but there comes a day when he looks upon
        such diversion with horror.

GENTLEMEN OF THE NORTH Conclusion	By Hugh Pendexter

        In which Franklin buys a woman from the Indians, and two great fur companies end their last struggle for
        supremacy in the land of the Chippewas.
PY1 7~\ yj J— the gift that helps to make her

                     Christmas merry — then keeps a
picture story of the Christmas merriment.

EASTMAN KODAK CO., Rochester, N. Y., Tfc Kodak City
HPHE MOST THRILLING DAY OF THE YEAR
1 IS CHRISTMAS DAY.

  THE MOST CHARMING AND DELIGHTFUL
CIGARETTE IS HELMAR — 100% TURKISH.

COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON!