After Midnight 115 man's body, weren't you, Mrs. Wil- loughby?" "Yes." "You were alone?" "No." Her gaze did not falter, nor did she look at her husband. "Who was with you?" "A young man, Mr. Allering." "Did this young man--Mr. Aller- ing--see--?" She interrupted him. "We both saw him fall!" "Fall! The man wasn't dead when you first saw him?" The woman bit her lip. Then she shook her head. "No, Mr. Allering and I were in the arbor near the greenhouses. We saw a man climb over the fence. He staggered. Then --then--," her eyes shifted and rested on the face of her husband. Willoughby was yellow. His black eyes like beads stared at her with all the fascination of a snake coiled to spring. She shivered-- "Then--he gave a terrible cry, flung up his arms and fell over writhing. I think he died instantly. I screamed too. It was horrible to see a man die. Then I started to run. He lay in my path- way. It was dark--the moon went under a cloud right after it happened. I fell--I touched his cold face--" She paused, staring straight ahead of her as if visualizing what had taken place. "That is all?" said Dwyer. "Yes." Lannen wondered if Dwyer realized the woman was lying. "Where is this Allering now?" the officer inquired, looking about. The servants, who had come into the room on returning to the house, shook their heads. "I don't know," Mrs. Willoughby answered. "Probably in his room," snapped her husband, speaking for the first time. "He is the gardener employed here." Dwyer mereiy raised his eyebrows. He studied the pale patrician face of the woman, then turned to one of his assistants. "Riley, go with a servant to get him." VI Dwyer and his medical adviser again traversed the lawn to the greenhouses. Lannen went with them. The operator whom Dwyer had left in charge of the body grinned a sickly welcome as they approached. Again Lannen noted the dripping hy- drant. Dwyer stalked about the grounds. Crossing to the green- houses he opened a door and stepped inside. He was gone but a moment. When he returned, he made a survey of the arbor, and the stone wall which sur- rounded the grounds. The grass was trampled and crushed; but no definite footprints were discernible. "Stevens, go back to the house and see what's the matter that Riley hasn't found that gardener," he said abruptly. The medical examiner, whose atten- tion had been centered on the dead man, looked up quickly. "It's heart failure alright, Dwyer," he said. Dwyer merely grunted. The man who had been with the body hitched his trousers, and passed the back of a hairy hand across his mouth. He started briskly toward the house, paused abruptly and whirling around, crossed to the hy- drant. As he stopped to drink from the faucet, Lannen cried out in an unnatural voice. "Don't do that!" The young officer straightened ab- ruptly. "Speaking to me?" he asked. 