124 Brothers-of-the-Coast Fat to compass. Through the haze I saw the Chinaman's yellow face and beady eyes watching me with a sort of sardonic leer. I tried to speak. I fought the air with my numbed arms, but the words would not come to my lips. "That is not all," croaked Hong Fat in his weird dialect. "There is more." The smoke screen flattened again, as though his claw-like hand had stroked it into a semblance of gray velvet. The figures grew life-like on the cursed chart. This time it showed the guard-room of the fort at Panama--a room piled high with plunder torn from the rav- ished town. Through the open case- ments I could see the fires of the burn- ing houses, and memory brought back the shouts of the pirates and the shrieks of tortured citizens. There were two men in the room-- Morgan, with his fierce, wrinkled face and--and I was there. You might think it a trick of the Chinaman's, but as each scene flashed on I recalled it. Oh, yes, I had been there--as vile as any of those blood-stained brothers - of - the - coast. And my punishment was stretching through the ages. I hung on each succeeding step, my breath whistling through my nostrils like a foundered horse. Morgan waved his hand, and a wo- man was led in between two buccaneers. At sight of her the whole tale came back to me. Her face was the face of Mary Logan, dark and proud and beautiful. She wore the dress of a Spanish gentle- woman, and I remembered that back in those fading days of the seventeenth century she bore the name of Donna Isabella de Guayra--and that I loved her then as I loved her reincarnation named Mary Logan. I had saved her life in Panama be- fore I joined Morgan's crew, and had killed her Spanish lover when he found me in her garden. They outlawed me, of course, and I became a pirate to come back to her--the only way that was open for me. She swore that she loved me, and would wait. When they led her in my-heart blazed. At last the hour of my triumph had come. There on the smoke screen, Morgan leaned back in his chair, and over the ages I heard his voice ringing in my ears. "This man says he loves you. S'death, you're worth loving, madame, but why throw yourself away on him when there are better men around?" I looked at her, my lips moving. "It is not Harry Morgan's way to stand back when there are women or gold to get," the pirate said. "You can have him if your love is so strong that it will face death for him. So sure as you take him I'll burn you both at the stake." My hand went to the knife at my hip, but I was helpless. The muskets of the two pirates were leveled at me. "And--and if I do not choose him, senor?" the girl asked. Morgan's face wreathed itself in a terrible smile. "If you choose me I'll cOver you with diamonds. By my faith, not a ship on the Spanish Main but will contribute to your wealth. So there you have it. Holyoak and death or Sir Henry Morgan and wealth!" The girl's dark eyes flamed into little golden points. "He killed the man who loved me," she said. "He took a life for his own selfish pleasure, senor. Is it not pos- sible that he will also take mine if I cleave unto you?" The buccaneer's pistol was in his hand. "Stay with me, and Holyoak dies," said he. Donna Isabella--who, in this century, betrayed me again, looked me full in the eyes. Her own were hard. 