120 After Midnight always engaged them. Then he noted our friendship, Louise's and mine, and he became jealous. Too late we recognized our mistake, for the in- stant he took a good look at me, he knew who I was. "As I said, he was cowardly. He knew I had something more than my liberty at stake. He feared me. He was afraid of what I knew of him. He instantly sensed that my presence in his household meant I was spying upon him. He could not send me away. He determined to do away with me. Cleverly he planted the idea in the mind of all his wife's friends that she was unfaithful to him, that I wa% her lover; he did this so that if he were discovered as my murderer he would be exoner- ated for protecting his honor; then he began to study my habits. Knowing what he intended, I ate all my meals at a nearby road-house. Everything suspicious I handled with gloves--but in spite of all my precautions, if that poor devil had not appeared last night, this morning I would be a dead man." An enigmatical smile curled up the corners of Willoughby's eyes. He shifted his position. He glanced in an almost disinterested fashion at the pa- pers tossed about the room. "He had contrived my murder in the cleverest, most diabolical fashion con- ceived of by man," continued Moore. "Knowing that to water the plants I must attach the hose every morning, he carefully saw to it that it was unat- tached--then using this poison which he had perfected, he placed it on the faucet--so that the instant it came into contact with moisture and metal it be- came deadly; so deadly that the touch of it on my bare hand was enough to kill me." "Very pretty," said Dwyer with something like a snort--"but it strikes me like some sort of a fairy tale. You can't get away with that stuff, young man." Moore smiled. "I saw him place the poison on the hydrant faucet, so did his wife. I saw the tramp touch it and fall over dead, so did she. I have found the formula--the thing I've been hunt- ing for--and his diary--" Dwyer sniffed again, though he took the book Moore extended toward him and turned over its pages curiously. "We're always getting dope on mys- terious poisons that leave no trace," he said--"But it's going a little too far to believe in the existence of one that kills by the mere touch of flesh which has no abrasion or scratch of any kind." Willoughby suddenly stiffened. His nostrils quivered. "You don't doubt its existence?" he exclaimed in a high-pitched excited voice. ' "I do." "You don't believe what he says is true?" "I do not." "Well, it is true, every word of it," the professional pride in the doctor's voice showed he had clearly forgotten that such a statement meant an admis- sion of murder. "Are you confessing that you at- tempted your brother-in-law's life, and killed that hobo ?" exclaimed Dwyer, whirling on him. "I am making a statement that I have discovered the greatest existing poison --that I have proven its potency! You doubt my word. Watch--" Before any of the startled spectators could stop him, he had reached for the little vial of amber-colored liquid Lan- nen so vividly recalled as spilling the night before, and pouring a little of it in a metal measuring-cup half filled with water, he rubbed his hand over the surface of the cup. For a second he smiled whimsically at the men who stared in bewilderment at him--then he 