After Midnight 105 sleep. At least he thought it was the striking of the hour which did it. But as he raised himself on one elbow in the darkness, the doubled beat of his heart, the damp chill of his flesh, told him it was something else which had awakened him. Stealthy footsteps outside his room; the cautious open- ing and closing of a door down the hall, the, rustle of garments as of someone moving in the corridor were registered with dark significance on his brain. "Poor old Andrew," he muttered. He sank back to his pillow. But he could not sleep; though his pulse became normal. He found himself striving to make out the objects in his room. One by one, out of the hazy grey of the blackness they be- came outlined and visible to his straining eyes. In an irritating fashion the drawn blind flapped for- ward and back with the wind which had arisen since nightfall. Unable at last to stand the sound of the flap- ping, he rose and went to the window to raise it. The moon was high, unobscured by any clouds, and shone down with a dazzling white brilliance which made the grounds and surrounding territory almost as light as day. The long row of glass topped green- houses gleamed as through covered with snow. Off in the distance, far behind the high stone wall which en- closed Dr. Willoughby's Long Island estate, shone the water, near at hand; the wind whistled in a sing-song manner through the trees. From the darkening shelter of the stone wall emerged two figures. The watching man knew instantly who they were; even before the moon' outlined the slender figure of Willoughby's wife, and the broader silhouette of the gardener, Aller- ing. A feeling of nausea swept over him. He turned away from the window. Crossing to his bed he switched on a light just over it, determined to while away the time until daylight with a current magazine. But the face of the woman outside in the garden seemed to mock him from th*e printed page. Her dark, shadow-laden eyes seemed to plead with him be- tween the lines of printing, as though she begged him not to judge her too harshly. The magazine slipped from his hand. He closed his eyes and lay inert. A moment later the cry of some one in mortal agony penetrated the night air. Then a woman shrieked in terror. For a moment Lannen lay panic striken; then, springing out of bed, he snatched up a dressing gown and rushed into the hall. He came face to face with Wil- loughby. His host was pallid. Willoughby's hands trembled as he held a tattered silk gown about his emaciated figure. A moment later another door down the hall was thrown open, and the cor- pulent kimono-clad housekeeper burst into their presence. "You heard it?" Willoughby cried in a harsh whisper, clutching Lan- nen's arm. His eyes were glassy, the lids swol- len as though from heavy sleep and being suddenly awakened. His chin shook. "My Gawd ! My Gawd!" wailed the woman, trying to pull the kimono about her ample bosom--"What was it, Doctor? Did you hear it?" "A woman screamed," Lannen said grimly. "The cry came from some place near the greenhouses. Some- one must be injured." "I heard a man too," this from the 