86 The Valley Where Dead Men Live horrible scene of carnage I have ever witnessed--more awful than the hell of France and Belgium. For every detail was the result of the terrible ire under which the combatants labored when they met their death. As fast as they had played their parts, they started in at the beginning and went through it again and again, over and over, like automa- tons--held to their posts by a divine decree of some kind. "Words fail me. It was so unspeak- ably ghastly, weird--a futurist night- mare--a bedlam of noise and confusion --a kaleidoscopic phantasmagoria of light and color. Death walked every- where. Remember, Professor, on a battlefield, the men do not die in great numbers and lie around in heaps. Hours, days--sometimes weeks--pass without carnage. Even in the heat of conflict only a small percentage of those engaged meet death. Here it was dif- ferent. For miles in every direction there was death--death--death ! Noth- ing but cold, stark death--death and blood! "Explain? I can't. My idea is, as I stated before, that man must work out his own salvation--that those who died in the heat of anger must work that hatred off before their spirits can quit this earth. God, in His infinity, wis- dom, did not care to inflict the horror upon the entire world, so He set aside this barren hole, as a place where dead men might sever the ties which bind them here, and, with their passion cooled, pass on to a better life. "No, the man never lived who could describe it--that cold, ice-bound hell. The air tingled with madness. And the look of awful malignancy on the faces of those poor souls as they went on and on and on through the same monoto- nous performance of killing and being killed. It was butchery. The place was a slaughter-house. Ah, the deeds of valor that I saw performed! Wonder- ful ! Magnificent! History will never be able to record the actual happenings --the cold-blooded bravery. "Through the hazy heavens phantom aeroplanes manned by ghostly pilots dipped and maneuvered, dodging--fall- ing to the earth in tangled masses, often burning. Gigantic balloons, in flames, tossed amidst the clouds. "Among a heap of stones--the re- mains of what had once been a tiny church located in the center of an an- cient graveyard--a sniper carried on his nefarious trade, his hiding-place a tomb from which the bodies had been hurled aside. I saw a group approach the place, grim determination written on their faces. Their beloved colonel had been a victim of the sniper's bullets. They found him after a long search. A youngster--he had been the colonel's orderly--leaped upon him. A knife plunged up--down--up--down, slowly, monotonously, while the screams of him into whose body it was sinking made the night hideous. And when he had completed his work on that dead thing with the glassy eyes that gazed upward, unseeingly, the youngster calmly wiped his weapon upon the tunic of the vanquished foe. "Oh, the look of vengeance that was upon the countenances of that little group! A shell came screaming through the heavens! They attempted to dodge to cover. But too late. And so the awful drama went on and on and on. "There is no rest for those who dwell in the Valley Where Dead Men Live! "Men fought with the ferocity of wild beasts. They were blood mad, frenzied. A little detachment of Eng- lishmen were laboring with automatic rifles just at the edge of a woods. In front of them was a tiny vale through which wound a sunken road. On the opposite side of the valley was another thicket in which were a seemingly equal number of Germans. It was a duel 