30 The Summons gers busy with the laces of his operat- ing apron, which he was removing. Be- hind him came, unhurried and calm, Carrington's lifelong friend and the executor of his will, Madison Dodd. "'Vhat's this silly nonsense I hear about bells?" the surgeon demanded, slipping into the coat the interne held and advancing toward the women. "Why didn't you notify me sooner? And why aren't you in the room to find out what it means, Miss Lloyd?" "She just came from the room, Dr. Stockbridge," explained the elder nurse, defending the girl. "There was no one there." "This is too absurd," exploded the surgeon. "I've never heard of such a thing. Miss Lloyd should be in that room--" "She's had no sleep, doctor, and she's very tired." "Then why don't you go ?" "I--" "You're afraid. How ridiculous. Well, we'll have--" He turned, but the interne was gone. Dr. Stockbridge frowned. His eyes went toward the indicator. "When did that bell ring?", he de- manded. "About ten minutes ago. And--" A bell rang and a faint click came from the indicator. The number "42," which had not been lowered, vibrated. "Its been ringing every ten minutes just like that," said the elder nurse, edging away from the instrument. Dr. Stockbridge frowned. Then, striding across the room, he pressed the knob releasing the number. He turned to the nurse. "I'm going into that room myself," he said severely, "and we'll have this nonsense over with. Someone is ring- ing that bell, and we'll know who it is. If it rings while I'm there, let me know." He stepped toward the door. "I'll go with you, doctor," said Car- rington's friend, speaking for the first time. The men walked down the corridor, side by side. The door of Room 42 was closed. Dr. Stockbridge pushed it open impatiently and allowed Dodd to enter first. "I hope you'll' forgive this nonsense, Mr. Dodd," he said, closing the door. "These women--they're--" But Dodd, paying no heed to the doc- tor, was advancing toward the bed, his face grave. He stopped within a foot of it, looking down on the still form beneath him, his hands clasped behind his back. Dr. Stockbridge looked about the room. Its hospital bareness made it manifest at once that no one could be concealed in it. It seemed to him absurd and undigni- fied that he should be engaged in such a futile and meaningless undertaking. He paced up and down, pausing every now and then to observe the immobile figure of Carrington's friend, wonder- ing what he could be thinking of the whole ridiculous episode. He was a little disturbed that Dodd should take the thing so seriously, treat the matter with silent respect. Once he paused beside him. "I'm a man of science, Mr. Dodd," he began. "To me there's no such thing--" There was a light tap on the door and he stopped. He strode to the door and opened it. The interne's head showed. "/&lt; rang," the young man said. Dr. Stockbridge's lips parted in as- tonishment. His hand on the knob, he paused, un- decided, looking toward Dodd for some intimation the course to pursue. But Dodd had not stirred, and Stock- bridge turned to the youth. "Thank you," he said, and closed the door. 