58 More Deadly than the Viper seemed to him a deathless aeon of downward steps, he emerged from the winding stairs into a corridor that was half-lit by a flickering oil lamp in a niche in the wall. Upon reaching, the end of the hall he found, on one side, huge iron- hinged double-doors, and opposite them, another stair that sank into deep oblivion. Here he halted, un- decided which course to choose. Stairway or doors? The fearsome aspect of the former promised dark revelations. The double-doors could come later. . . . He stepped into the mouth of the stair. The descent was steep, straight as a flame, and when he reached the bottom he found himself again in a flood of sable. The atmosphere was foul--smelled of freshly turned earth. Once more he removed the match- box from his pocket and ignited one. With the small flare, a mere spark in a great void, he strained his eyes. At first he could make out only vague shapes, formless shadows; but soon his vision became accustomed to the poor light and he beheld what was evidently an unused chapel of the Lamaserie--a chapel that was fast surrendering to ruin,' the walls being broken and seamed and grown in places with a loathsome fungi. The floor was strewn with rubbish and broken stones, and along the center of the chapel, placed at regu- lar intervals, were twelve oblong boxes. All this he glimpsed before the match went out. He lit another immediately. This time the twelve wooden boxes claimed his attention; they were all the same size and shape and built like coffins. To the nearest he moved, aware of a pregnant dread within him. The lid was half off, thus revealing only a portion of the interior and its con- tents ; but that was enough to make him fall back a step, nauseated. "God!" The word left his tongue involun- tarily. Again he looked--to verify what he had first seen, hoping that some sorcery of the shadows had fashioned in ironic jest the Thing that he had beheld; but no; It was there .... The match died, burning his finger- tips. "God!" Again the word was wrung from his lips. He struck another match and moved to the next box, peering in. He repeated this performance until he had examined the entire twelve-- and the contents of each proved the same. "T'su chii ti fang!" The Valley of Vanishing Men! He understood now and the terrible truth spread like a deadly poison through his brain. Miriam Amber's words came back to him-- "They say The Shining One has never tasted food . . . ." The Shining One! And who could The Shining One be but that dark- eyed priestess of Hell who had bent over him in the room above? The match expired. As darkness shut down upon him he resolved to continue his explorations, to pene- trate the mysteries beyond the double-doors opposite the mouth of the stairway, and, if possible, exter- minate this monstrous menace to the world. The Valley of Vanishing Men! The full horror of it sent his soul reeling with nausea. That such a Thing existed on this earth he would not have believed before. He groped his way past the oblong 