Orchid Girl 65 many rows of intimates in Paris gowns and faultless evening clothes, over the masses of flower beds, shrubs, and tinkling fountains. In that silvery light, on the soft wings of music from a hidden or- chestra, Eve danced. Like a spirit from another world. A deep hush. Wild applause. To music like a precious memory, Eve in white, her hair sculptured gold, danced a love call. Her love call to Bob Wallace. Danced the glory and miracle of woman's love for man. Danced until that blasé crowd rose and cheered. But even when she stood, sur- rounded by a worshiping group of friends, even when a famous pro- ducer offered her a thrilling connec- tion with his Broadway revue, grief sheathed her in ice. Success with- out Bob's love was salt on her lips. Well, she'd go to New York, work fiendishly, succeed lovelessly. Then she saw him, his back against a stately elm outlined in colored lights. Magnificent-looking in his black-and-white. A fine- shaped head, broad-shouldered, with a gleaming smile that could melt a heart of iron. But Eve's heart wasn't iron; it was clay for him to mold. Her heart was beating cra- zily loud now in her ears as she met his eyes with a silent appeal. He bowed, moved toward her, then squared his shoulders and swung off toward the house. "He can't do that to me," Eve sobbed inwardly. "He must under- stand. He shouldn't hate me now and avoid me like a plague. I'm no longer a rich, spoiled girl. He must know I'm dancing to-night for my bread and butter." She ran swiftly away to escape the gayly possessive friends, and in spite of a gust of self-contempt- LS 5F she, Eve Hilton, running after any man- darted past the swimming pool to overtake that hurrying figure. Running fleetly, she remembered that other night when her world had glistened goldenly. At the house party of her cousin, Lucile, who had been disinherited, for eloping with an artist, Ralph Lane, Eve had met Doctor Robert Wallace. When their eyes, hers warm, honey-brown, his deep, direct, blacky locked, she had been drawn to him as on an invisi- ble cord. Twenty-eight, vitally pow- erful, mouth resolute, smelling pleas- antly of soap and antiseptic. Eve's heart thumped with a savage ex- citement. She wondered what was happening to her. Could it be love at first sight that exploded her emo- tions into small, bright stars of hap- piness like a bursting skyrocket? Lucile had forewarned her. "Hands off, darling. Bob Wallace slave-drives himself in work; He's a college mate of Ralph's, with some queer complex about idle society girls. Something about the crack-up of his society-mad mother and his country-doctor father. Staying a bachelor's his hobby. Besides, your Cyril-" Eve's lovely eyebrows contracted. "I told Cy last night it's all off be- tween us until he cuts out drink. I won't marry a moneyed moron who boasts he's the drunkest drunk in our crowd." Eve knew she was playing with fire that night of the house party when she climbed the bluff over- hanging the lake, on the arm of the handsome young doctor. Eve in a Paris gown grimaced at herself as he braced her for the last steep ascent, and said in a voice that was like a deep-toned carillon of bells: "The view's grand, but you'll ruin your silver slippers, and 