108 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine them, but she watched in a little mirror that faced her on the wall, as they settled themselves and as Red gave their order. By reaching over her shoulder and back a little, she could have touched Red's arm, but Hulda was hidden behind his broad-shouldered form. It was Hulda's low, sweetly heavy voice, however, that held Bobbie frozen. "I won't be able to see you again," she was saying. "I don't dare, Red. Coming in here like this is crazy. Bill is terribly jealous. He's blaming me for everything. He swears I'm double-crossing him, and if he ever finds out that I'm meeting you like this, he'll do some- thing dreadful to both of us!" Bobbie gasped. Then Red's low rumble sounded, comforting, cautioning, soothing, and his brown hand covered the girl's strong white one. Her eyes glued on the mirror before her, Bob- bie watched his bent head. In a turmoil of bitter rebellion, she thought: "What has she to give Red that I couldn't? Why must he go to a girl like that for love?" It seemed an eternity to Bobbie, waiting there in the soft dusk, be- fore they moved. But when they had gone out to the street at last, and following, she had stood for an instant in the shadow of the awning, watching them go their different ways, she had seen what they hadn't: Some one else watching, too- Bill Nolan. She knew by the great blacky anger of his lowering face, that he had seen what she had, arid her heart was a twist of fear, and shame- fear for Red's safety, and shame that she could fear. It was long after sundown when she reached home. The cottage was unlit, deserted. Even her father was gone from his chair on the porch. Leaning against the rail, she stared down into the valley below. With a strange, tired listlessness, she thought: "I suppose I ought to warn Red about Nolan, but I can't. And anyway, he couldn't do any- thing to-night. He's probably down on the bridge now, and he'll be there till he goes off duty to-morrow morning. I could go down and tell him, but I'd probably run into Pitt and Honey making love to each other, somewhere, in the moon- light." Her lip curled. Love! What was it anyway- this thing they called love- this thing that could tear one's heart into little pieces? When she could stand the loneli- ness and silence no longer, she went down to the office. "Where's every- body?" she asked, and a draftsman, bending over a blue print, looked up at her from visor-shaded eyes. "Chief's gone to the city," he told her. "A wire came late this after- noon. Carson drove him to the train. Said to tell you he'd be back day after to-morrow, sure. Miss Ash- ton was round here a little while ago, but she's disappeared. Isn't she up at the cottage?" "Honey?" There was a startled catch in Bobbie's throat. "Didn't she drive in with them?" Then, prompted by a fear she wouldn't acknowledge even to herself, she added: "Where's Tim? Do you know where I can find him?" The man laughed. "Say! You'd better stay away from that old boy! He's on a rampage. There's dyna- mite missing from the storehouse, and he's got blood in his eye!" But his last words were lost on an empty doorway, on the swish of 