140 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine been operating under limiting influences since 1928 which became critical in 1930 and 1931. Most of that restriction and pressure from the planetary rays has been lifted and you can expect steady improve- ment in the future. It is a question of building a new foundation for yourself, so allow no opportunity to escape and make every effort to place yourself solidly. You will have to work hard and assume respon- sibility, but I believe you will be satisfied, with results. Best wishes. Mrs. J.B., born May 25, 1889, place not stated, 1:00 p. m.: The circumstances be- tween yourself, and the man you mention in your letter are clearly indicated in the two charts. There is an attraction but I cannot see you feeling anything for him which is deep and permanent. Neverthe- less, there is another marriage in your life. I think you will marry some one later whom you will like very much probably in 1937. Do not be hasty about under- taking the responsibility of his family com- bined with your own. I believe you would regret it. "Noel," born December 25, 1891, Michigan, 5:00 a. m.: It was kind of you to write me such a pleasant and frank letter. I can see from your chart that you have not had an easy time of it but whom do you know who has not had his troubles in the past few years? I can promise you improved conditions this year and in 1936 even though they will not live up entirely to your expectations. I hardly know how to answer you about this man you men- tion. There is a strong bond between you and yet your natures are very opposite in many ways. You have your impulsive moments, but fundamentally you like security, quiet and stability and I see noth- ing in this man's chart which would guar- antee security. He is clever and intelligent but does not have the constancy that you do. Frankly, I do not advise anything of a permanent nature but feel you would make fine friends. MRS. E.B., daughter born July 4, 1927, Pennsylvania, 8:30 p.m.: Your daughter is a very emotional type of girl but her chart indicates exceptional talent for danc- ing. It is fine that you have started her education along these lines so early in life. In mentioning her emotional equipment and her bursts of temperament, I would say these will increase as she becomes older. Her chart also shows the ability to imitate and an inherent sense of showmanship. All of these qualities will assist her in the entertainment world later, of course. The young lady is at a critical stage in her life as to health (this is true of all children her age), so I would not push her too much just at this time. She will have oppor- tunities during the next three years to ex- ploit her talents and conditions will im- prove steadily. I think she should continue with her piano lessons but suggest that you concentrate upon her dancing. Her chart indicates success in connection with motion pictures, too. M. W., born April 3, 1914, Iowa, 11:50 a. m.: Proceed with your plans to be an entertainer. I think you would do well in that line of endeavor. There is very little chance that you will marry before 1937. O. D. M., born June 3, 1900: It was nice of you to write me and express your appre- ciation of my reply. I shall be glad to hear from you again at any time. WHY QUESTIONS ARE NOT ANSWERED Kai does not send answers by mail. L. E.E. J., March 21, 1890: Your letter was very vague. What conditions do you refer to? What did you wish to know about the man born in October? "Baby-face," March 20, 1918: I must have the man's birth data before I can help you. Miss F. H. G., October 26, 1906: Your letter was very vague. What changes do you refer to? Miss L. M. B., February 21, 1889: I do not give complete horoscope readings. If you will write again, asking one specific question I will try to help you. Editor's Note: Questions for this department are answered only through Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine. Each reader is allowed to ask one question. Be sure to give the following data in your letter: date, month, year, and place of birth, the hour of the day or night, if possible, and sex. Address your letters to KAI, care of this magazine, 79 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y. 