154 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine girl remained engaged to the fellow after he'd lost his job and had to get on his feet again. Call that loyalty, when a girl can't stick to a man because he's down? So there you are, girls. You're always complaining about the boys. But I'm at a loss as to how a fellow can find a decent girl; a girl who has one or two old-fashioned ideas left, and who would really be inter- ested in home-making rather than all-night parties. Busbee. I believe I'll just sit back and let you girls tell Busbee how he may find his heart's desire. How about it, family? Dear Mrs. Brown: Perhaps my prob- lem may seem trivial to you, but I would like to have your advice. Our home was broken up by divorce, and I went to live with my father, until two years ago when I went to stay with my mother. Since the divorce, mother has been very bitter, and now she doesn't want me to go out with any boy who is at all serious about me. There is one boy four years my senior. I am twenty. He says he loves me, and I am sure I love him; but mother thinks I couldn't be happy with him because he is too quiet. He doesn't care for dances, parties, or even card games. But I don't really mind. I was in love once before, but the boy disappointed me terribly, and now I can't seem to trust this young man as I probably should when he tells me how much he cares. Sometimes I imagine that it won't last, or that he will get tired of me. However, at other times I think he is old enough to know his own mind. He had had other girl friends before I started going with him. He wants me to marry him at the end of the year. But I really don't see how I can marry him, feeling as I do. Besides, my mother wants me to go out with other boys and forget him. She thinks we are not well enough suited to each other. Of course, I don't want to break with him. Do you think we could be happy to- gether? If we couldn't, then I might as well give him up now instead of letting him think that I'll marry him. Uncertain Marion. There is only one thing to do if you are not certain of your feelings for this boy, and that is not to think of anything as serious as marriage. At least, not now. No doubt your mother means well, and, understanding life so much better than you do, dear, she is probably right in saying that if you and this boy have such dif- ferent likes and dislikes there would be friction. However, just because your mother's marriage ended so un- happily, it does not mean that yours will not work out. Give yourself more time to think it over, and don't hesitate to have other friends. If you can make your friend understand that you want to be fair, and have his happiness at heart as much as your own, he may not resent the fact that you are so undecided. Dear Mrs. Brown: For the past six months I have been in love with a girl who lives in the same house. I have been out with her quite a lot, and have told her I am in love with her. However, although she likes me, and likes to go out with me, she tells me frankly that she is not in love with me. I'm quite heartbroken about the whole thing. Although she says she doesn't love me, she leads me to think that she does. Her father doesn't like me because I have a quick temper, and I can't go to this girl's home. As we live in the same house, however, it's easy for us to see each other. I am twenty-one, and she is sixteen. She's a fine, sensible girl, and always the life of the party when we are out to- gether. I know I can never love another girl as I love her, and I doubt whether I can be happy without her. She seems to be quite grown up. She admits she is fond of me; but that it isn't love, and has suggested that we wait two or three years to see how things turn out. Do you think that would be a good idea? I'm afraid that if we wait she may fall for some other fellow later on Should I ask her not to go with other boys? Won't you please advise me and tell me what you think would be best for us to do? I know I will never be really happy unless she marries me. Willy of Ohio. I can well understand how dis- couraged you feel, but where love and marriage are concerned, it is 