76 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine set her down, but she clung to him like a frightened child. "Please, Bob, don't leave me. I'm all alone, and I feel so- funny." "Where are the servants?" "Dismissed." He placed her like something fragile on a couch in the mellow- lighted library, and drew up a chair beside her. Through the gray veil of his ciga- rette smoke he said: "Take it easy, Eve. This has been quite an eve- ning for you." He mused, "Some palace, this." "I was born here. It hurts to leave it." "Read that in the papers. Bunk, of course." She felt his eyes probe hers when she answered steadily: "Nothing left. But no debts. I'm on my own. A professional dancer from now on." She smiled bitterly. He stared incredulous. "A so- ciety girl's whim, a dancing career." "Earn my way with these." She thrust out small feet in silver slip- pers. Grudgingly he said; "You have bewitching feet, Eve." She laughed, a bit wearily. "My face isn't so bad, either, when you get used to it." Then added indif- ferently, "I've had an offer to dance in a Broadway revue." "Eve Hilton in a Broadway re- vue," he scoffed. His mockery filled her with fury. How dared he laugh at her? Their glances crossed, and his face sharpened with pain, his handsome mouth set stubbornly, told her that which made her heart throb to an ecstatic tempo. She jumped up. "Must phone, before my New Yorker leaves for the train. Excuse me. Won't be long." But she was. Bob had smoked an unbroken chain of cigarettes be- fore she trailed back, white-faced, eyes dark-ringed. Neither spoke for a moment. Out of that quiet, like a hoarse horn out of a fog, a voice from a French window in the sun room be- hind them startled them both to their feet. "Some trick you two played on me." One hand behind him, the other clutching the window frame, Cyril Clarke stood, wavering. His eyes were glazed; his mouth worked convulsively. He slurred his words. "Your wife, eh? Well, that's a dirty lie. She's my girl. If I don't, get her, you won't." He swung about, a small, auto- matic pointed at Bob. There was a terrible panic- stricken moment, then Eve leaped forward. "No, no, Cy! I love him!" A second of hesitation, then: "I told, you I couldn't marry you. There was some one else- Bob. He's my husband!" She flung her- self between the two men. With a jerk Bob thrust Eve aside, caught Cy's wavering arm, slipped the gun into his own pocket, and knocked the dope-filled youth flat. When, moaning and cursing, Cyril rose, Bob, with a few swift blows, rushed him through the win- dow and out into the clump of bushes below. "I hate to beat up a poor sap like that. He's ready for a sanitarium. Yet it had to be done," he remarked evenly, but his mouth was steel- hard. With a sobbing breath, Eve crum- pled into a chair, her face in her hands, "I was so afraid- he'd kill you," she quavered. Bob laughed. "Not with those 