Orchid Girl 73 tight in his arms before he exploded: "What do you mean, running off like this with my wife, Clarke?" Cy gaped. "Your wife? I didn t know- She only said -" Then relief made him blub- ber: "I thought gangsters kid- napers- out of gas." Bob, with Eve close in his hard but tender clasp, hurried toward his roadster. Over his shoulder he flung back: "Your car's safely off the road. Sleep off your nerve jag. I'll send you gas from the- first sta- tion we pass." Bob laid Eve gently back against the seat cushions and covered, her with a robe before he slid under the wheel. "All set?" he asked matter-ol- factly, but the concern in his man- ner made happiness pour through her veins like golden fire. She sighed contentedly. To have Bob save her like this was more thrilling than the most exciting movie rescue she'd ever seen. "You're not to talk," he ordered with a quick assumption of his pro- fessional manner. "I'll do that for both of us. Close your eyes and try to untie your nerves." She tried to obey. But it was too magically wonderful to be speed- ing under a deep-blue sky pricked with yellow stars, beside Bob, so magically near that her hand could, and did, touch the edge of his coat. She sighed again like a happy child and nestled her head in the cushions. A lilt of sheer joy warmed her voice when she broke the silence. "How did you happen to come for me, Bob?" He looked down at her wind- blown golden head, frowning. "Spoiled girl. Must have your own way. I told you not to talk. Well, if you must know, I didn't like the looks of your boy friend when he was hurrying you out to his car. I know something of playboy Clarke's habits. He was all doped up to- night, so when I saw him start off at that breakneck speed, I had to put an interne on an urgent case of mine and waste some perfectly good time on a wild-goose chase after you." His eyes twinkling down at her softened the harshness of his words and manner. Silence. A wild elation thrilled through her. Bob must care or he wouldn't have taken the trouble to save her from Cy. She leaned forward suddenly to stare at him. "But, Bob," she be- gan, her heart a singing bird, "you told Cy I was your wife." He lighted a cigarette, and in the flare she saw his mouth thin into a hard line. "Don't let that upset you. I had to give that poor sap a jolt or he'd have tried to put up a fight for you. But I told you before you'd make havoc in the life of a man who's devoting, himself to service." He took a furious puff at his cigarette, inhaled deeply, then said in the tone of a person trying to convince himself: "I wouldn't want you for a wife if you were the last girl on earth. Not that I'm con- ceited enough," he added quickly, "to think you'd have me. "Stranger things than that have happened," she said meekly, and wished this ride through the per- fect summer night would last for- ever. Neither spoke again until a few yards ahead of them loomed up a gas station. "It'd do that fellow good to stay there all night and sleep it off," Bob muttered, then gave the attendant explicit directions about the location of Cy's car. Bob said, as if to himself, sud- denly: "A girl like you should al- 