Musical Proposal 133 must have the music we've promised Grandma Prosser. Do oblige us, Robert." Chopin, Mozart, Liszt stole into the room, enticed by Robert's fingers. Diane sat near by, her face pale, her eyes misty. "The boy can play," thought Stephen. "It's not making it any easier for her. Then Robert turned. "Grandma Prosser will hardly remember my playing like that," he smiled. "Wasn't it more like this, grand- ma?" he swung into a curious, rambling improvisation, one motif only re- peated with a fierce monotony, then ended with a thumping chord. Then he looked at Diane. "Your turn," he said. A flush ran deep and red in Diane's face; her eyes seemed sud- denly bright and alive, as if the music had awakened her. She sprang up lightly, seated herself, and a crystal cascade of notes moved under her fingers. She hadn't Robert Pennel's technique and power, but this was fairy music, abandoned, gay, irrepressible. It moved and shifted, bright and ex- citing, thought Stephen Trench, as the dawn. Then the music ceased. Diane turned to Grandma Prosser. "And this," she said, "is more the kind of thing you had to put up with from me, grandma." With childlike, thumping notes, she gave her imitation, con- scientiously fingering; then, with a glance at Robert, swung into a song: "On the road to Mandalay Where the flying fishes play-" Uncle Albert then stood beside the piano, singing it in a surprising tenor, and Stephen Trench at first with diffidence, then more con- fidently, stepped up and supplied the bass. The fingers of the girl seemed bewitched. Mrs. Trench caught her husband's arm: "Stephen, the car. Get it out. Robert will be late." She was a little pale and distraught, as if an atmosphere, alien and frightening, had caught her unawares. He obeyed. The scent of flowers and of gasoline mingled, and the night seemed full of unanalyzed things. He drove the car around to the front door, seeing them all on the porch: Grandma Prosser, a little bent with her rheumatism, George with his arm linked companionably in Lu's, Uncle Albert puffing a cigar, Emily contributing a languid smile and Mrs. Prosser an eager one, Agnes Trench dominating and repulsing one more ambition for Diane. "No, darling, you can't go to the station. Uncle Albert will go with father, won't you, Albert? We'll play some anagrams until you get back, and then everybody can take a hand. Good-by, Robert, Good luck." Robert was shaking hands all around. Then he was facing Diane. "Good-by, Diane." His eyes were intense, his voice husky. "Robert- oh, Robert!" She filing herself into his arms, kissing him: Oblivious of the audience, he strained her to him, and kissed her lips tenderly. "My darling," he murmured in a voice as poignantly melodious as his music. "Diane!" Mrs. Trench's gasp penetrated the air. The night seemed to hold its breath at this shocking abandon. Certainly, the group on the porch did. Diane drew herself from this public embrace, and swung around to her mother. 