156 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine almost lost my mind when I realized that all my love was just a passing fancy to him. Of course, I couldn't let my folks know what had happened, so I went to stay with my sister. She lived in the same town as Ronny's mother and his older brother, Murray. My sister said I ought to tell Ronny's mother how he had treated me, but I couldn't do it, especially as I really liked her. She is a fine woman. Ronny's mother and I talked about the engagement, but I didn't have the heart to tell her that I no longer heard from Ronny, or that he was responsible for mak- ing my life so miserable. She wanted me to come to see her often. The next time I went to see her, I met Ronny's brother, Murray. We talked about different things, including my com- ing marriage to Ronny. On the way home Murray told me that he knew why I was so blue, because the last time he saw Ronny he heard the whole miserable story. He said that Ronny didn't want to marry me or any girl because it would spoil his career. I can't tell you how that hurt me. I sent back Ronny's ring and said he could go right ahead with his career and that we were through for good. I met Murray again and he was very sweet. He wanted to come to see me and take me out, and I was glad to have a friend. We became good friends. One day I was cleaning house, and fell, from a ladder. I had to go to the hospital. My baby was born dead. When I realized what had happened, all my feeling for Ronny died, too. When I was well again Murray, began coming to see me regularly. But I couldn't stay with my sister forever; and when I told him that I was going home soon, he took me ia his arms and asked me to marry him. I began to feel alive again. Murray was very good to me, and what girl doesn't appreciate kindness when she is in trouble? However, although I love Murray more than I ever loved Ronny, he said that he probably didn't have the right to ask me to marry him since I was in love his brother. Of course, when I told him how I felt, it was different. But do you think that I should marry him, knowing about Ronny and me? Do you think he would throw it up to me later on? I'm only nineteen and Murray is twenty- five. I want to marry him and live hap- pily, but under the circumstances I'm afraid to take such a serious step. Your opinion will be greatly appreciated. Downhearted. There is no reason in the world why you and Murray couldn't be happy together, unless, of course, you believe that he is the type of man who might indulge in the un- pleasant habit of bringing up the past whenever something happened to upset domestic peace. Knowing him as well as you do, you should be able to determine this fact better than any one else. A man must be indeed generous and understanding to really dis- regard the past and be interested only in the future. Many men ap- pear to be unable to reach this point of forgetfulness, while there are some who never stir the dead ashes of the past. Why not give yourself a little more time to study Murray? It is better to take your time, my dear, than to rush into a situation which may bring you more grief. If your friend can close the door to the past, you two could probably be very happy together. Dear Mrs. Brown: About five years ago I met a young man and, have been in love with him ever since. He has often told me that he loves me better than any one in the world. My parents, however, wouldn't allow me to go with him. But I slipped out to meet him whenever I could, and they never knew. He is now twenty-five, and I am eighteen. My parents say I am not old enough to be sure He's the right man for me to marry, and they are sure he isn't. In order to please them, I tried to be- come interested in other boys, but every time I met Jack, I'd forget the others. He seemed to feel the same way about me, and would beg me to stop going with- other boys and go out with him only. I usually did, though we continued to see each other secretly: Then some one, told my father, that I was meeting Jack, and he made me promise not to see him again. I began keeping, company with a cer- 