80 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine was staring into the bluest eyes she had ever seen, smudged with thick black lashes. She felt the blood mounting to her face. "Darling," Amy Lamson con- tinued, "I want you to meet our new prosecuting attorney and the son of my dearest friend. Bart, come here." He was beside her now, meeting her wide-eyed gaze. Something flamed between them- something so thrillingly beautiful that it quivered through her like a song; his look was like wings beating in her heart, brushing against her eyelids, linger- ing on her lips. "Now, Bart," Mrs. Lamson warned half seriously after the intro- duction, "don't lose your heart to - her. She's a heartless little flirt." "Be careful, Bart," Francine ad- vised, lowering white lids over crafty gray eyes. "She's the daughter of King Graft Hollis." "Francine!" Mrs. Lamson rebuked sternly. But Francine ignored the rebuke: "Paul Cartier, the diamond baron's son, tried to commit suicide over her," she continued relentlessly. "That's not true," Carl defended. "The darn fool got drunk and fell out of the canoe. A man intent on self-destruction doesn't yell bloody murder to be saved." "Carl thinks the queen can do no wrong," Francine smirked slyly. But the blue eyes watching Reine had suddenly lost their wrath and become coldly impersonal. Terror crept through her a strange, devas- tating terror that was an icy flood in her veins, a flaming torment in her brain. Her hands pressed over her heart in a protecting gesture, but his frozen look pierced the barrier like stabbing knives. "So you're Reine Hollis," he stated, unsmiling. "Sam is my stepfather," she ex- plained. "My name is Rogers." His shrug was slightly contemptu- ous, as though to say: "It's all the same breed." Some one tittered. Her dark eyes lost their velvety softness and swept the circle, silencing mirth. Red lips tightened angrily, emphasizing the determined chin cleft by a dimple that found its mate in her left cheek. "Sam is the best father a girl ever had." Her voice quivered with anger. "I admire loyalty in any one," Bart replied politely. Their eyes clung, and he took an involuntary step forward. Francine saw and hissed spitefully: "Remember Mrs. Lamson's warn- ing! She's a heartless flirt!" For the first time the coined ex- pression, given Reine shortly after her return from Europe a year be- fore, ceased to be amusing. She had gained the reputation of flirt be- cause few men could resist the lure of her vibrant, dusky beauty. And because she had flung herself with the innocent abandon of a happy child into a round of pleasure with each new, interesting-male, and tir- ing of their insistence, had sent them away bewildered and decidedly dis- appointed, she had been termed heartless. Francine bobbed forward and clutched Bart's arm with working fingers. Her foxlike face was flushed a mottled red. Eyes gleamed mali- ciously through narrowed slits. "Be careful of her, Bart." Carl's derisive laughter broke the tension. "You sound like a black witch on a black, black night, Fran." "She is a flirt. You can't deny it!" "Tch-tch!" Carl admonished. LS-5F 