116 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine and have the company, too. You thought you could blame it all on Red! And you could have, if it hadn't been for Hulda, and the fact that Red loved me! He loved me!" Her voice, swinging like a bell against the silence, rose to a cre- scendo of triumph. She flung her arms above her head, and the sun, sweeping through the open door, flooded her face. "Red, darling! You've loved me all the time! Oh, why haven't I seen before? How could have I been so blind?" She caught at Pitt's arm: "Don't you see?" she sobbed. "Hulda loved Bill Nolan. She knew what he was doing, and she was scared. She wanted to to save him. She told Red the things Bill told her, so Red could keep them from happening. She knew they could have sent No- lan to the penitentiary if they'd caught him. And Nolan thought she was in love with Red! And so he- he-" A sob broke in Bobbie s throat- a terrified ghost of a sob. The glory in her face faded to a pale horror of realization, and her words died to a whisper, that lost itself against bloodless lips: "And now he's got Red. He's killed him, maybe! Oh, help me, dear God! Please help me!" Unconsciously, her fingers were still clutching,Pitt s arm. He shook them free. "I'm after Nolan!" he cried, and his-voice trailed back over his shoul- der, while his feet sent the gravel and sticks to flying on the downhill path. "Wait!" Bobbie wailed. "Wait, Pitt!" And then she was tearing on her clothes, smoothing her tumbled hair with mad hands, lacing boots with racing fingers. She ran down the path toward the bridge, banging through the office door, scattering papers. "Where's Pitt?" she threw at the startled faces that looked up at her wild entrance. But even as she asked, she knew what the answer would be. He had taken the car and gone, making no explanation. She found Tim. He was seventy feet up in the air, walking the scaffolding of the new arch, direct- ing the pour. The place was fever- ish with hurry, filled with turmoil. "Tim!" she shrieked. "I've got to see you, Tim!" He saw her and waved her away. She started to go to him, climbing, monkeylike, by the framework, but a man's hands' clutched at her and pulled her back. Leaning down from his dizzy height, Tim bellowed through cupped hands: "Get that crazy kid out o' here, if you have to chloro- form her! Want the old man to come back and find her killed?" In a frenzy of desperation, Bobbie fought and struggled. She bit, hit and kicked, then suddenly she, quieted, and the man s arms dropped from her. Her attempt to reach Tim, and the utter abandon of terror that had swept her at its failure, had cleaned her mind of the fog that had held it. She tried to plan as calmly as her pounding heart would let her. Every minute, every second counted. She mustn't lose a single one. With her father gone, with Tim refusing to see her, there was only one place left to turn. That was- Hulda. "If I go to her," Bobbie thought, "and ask her to help me find Nolan, she'll help me. If I show her my heart and what's in it, she can't re- fuse me! She'll help me save Red, because she knows what it is to love, 