Musical, Proposal 131 across the lot with our windows open, and we' see who could play the loudest. Remember, Diane?" Her eyes flicked up from the cards to nod to him. "Well, now," said Grandma Pros- ser, "we'll have to hear from you both by and by. You'll have to have them play for us, Agnes." Robert and Diane exchanged quick glances of dismay. After bridge one might escape, but if the evening was to drag on in the bosom of the family, it would be intoler- able. Stephen Trench from the door- way saw that glance, and writhed inwardly. He felt a sense of suf- focation, as if life had him down and by the throat, and went out into the garden for a sniff of air. The eve- ning had grown cool, and as he looked, a faint glow in the north be- gan to grow and shift and change. Green spears of light moved across the sky, changing, extending, con- tracting. Stephen returned to the drawing room. "Drop your cards a minute," he said urgently. "I want to show you something. Hurry!" He thought: "It's working. They're coming!" Mrs. Trench's voice was distinctly cool. "What is it, Stephen? A fire? Oh, just northern lights!" "Oh, lovely," sighed Emily, in the voice she kept for occasions. "That last bid, Lu," said George. "Why didn't you raise me? I could have taken two more tricks easy as you please." Grandma Prosser was staring with dim eyes at the heavenly phenom- enon. "Once when I was a girl," she began, but nobody was listening. Uncle Albert was taking the op- portunity to get a few puffs at a cigar he'd been aching for, since supper. Agnes allowed cigarettes, but not the heavier smoke. "Well," Mrs. Trench spoke hur- riedly. "I'm sure, Stephen, you meant well, but our game- shall we," she suggested brightly," get back to it? Diamonds were trumps, weren't they, Albert?" They began to troop in. On the terrace outside Stephen saw, with a leaping heart, two young people moving not toward, but away from the door. They were on the grass, barely distinguishable now, still gazing up at the mysterious lights of the North. Stephen's own gaze traveled up to them again. They stirred in him an excitement, as if he, like Grandma Prosser, were see- ing them again with young eyes. He remembered lying in a canoe for a long summer night, facing upward, with Eleanor silently watching. Now he watched the two figures on the grass, their heads almost touch- ing, their profiles, clear, and eloquent in the lovely glow from the sky. "Stephen!" "Yes, dear." "Where are they?" Who? "Don't be stupid. Robert and Diane, of course!" He summoned his wits to tem- porize. Only seconds had passed. "Oh, there they are!" said Mrs. Trench. He saw her go heavily, de- cisively across the grass. "My dear Diane, have you for- gotten our guests. Robert, I'm sorry, but do you mind? It's quite chilly, and Diane is so susceptible." Stephen, withdrawing a little so that his face should not be seen, watched them return. Nothing had happened. Nothing could have been said in those short instants. Diane's delicately tinted face was pale, and her luminous eyes showed distress. Robert looked politely im- passive as he followed his hostess in- doors. For a brief moment, his 