Primitive Love 113 added to four years of heartbreak and hunger were swept away in one wild panic of terror. What was this awful thing Sandy was saying about Red's being kid- naped about his empty, blood- stained car? A small, white-faced figure with huge gray eyes beneath tousled brown hair, an oddly pathetic fig- ure, lost in the great bath robe that enveloped her, Bobbie threw her- self from her room. "Uncle Sandy!" she cried, snatch- ing at his arm, and her eyes through their unbelievable lashes were white- rimmed with the fear that widened them. "Oh, Uncle Sandy! I do know what's happened to Red! I do! It's Bill Nolan! He's jealous of Red and a girl up at the junction! "He- he saw Red with her yester- day. Oh, I should have warned him! I did see Red last night, but I- I there were other things and then-" The old man looked at her. "Other things?" he grunted. "Sure! Fighting, I suppose, like you always did- you two. Can't live together and can't live apart! And if you say my Red's got himself mixed up with any junction trash, you lie. He ain't! I'm his father and I know! Even this new girl he's got himself engaged to, can't keep him from breaking his heart over you! Pitt thrust himself forward. His face was gray, but his eyes were black and hot; fright fought with the anger that filled them a fright that Bobbie saw, and that multi- plied itself to her own wild terror. Fastening his fingers on Bobbie's sleeve, he swung her behind him. He said to Sandy: "I don't know anything about Bobbie's being over at your place last night, and I don't know anything about what she's just been telling you, but if your LS 8F precious Red has been playing round with Bill Nolan's girl, and Nolan caught him at it, he's prob- ably got what's coming to him. For Nolan's disappeared. He didn't show up for work last night, and he hasn't been near so far this morn- ing. Find him if you can. I can't. And I want him worse than you do!" The old man was stamping down the steps, when Bobbie found her voice: "Uncle Sandy," she sobbed hys- terically, "oh, Uncle Sandy, take me with you! Let me hunt Red with you! I love him! I'll do anything to find him!" But against that stubborn, disappearing back, Bob- bie's voice trailed off into a futile wail, and Pitt was talking to her, his voice knife-edged: "If you're through making a fool of yourself and of me, I'd like your story. And I'd like it straight! What do you know about Red and Hulda and Bill Nolan? I want to know what's being going on round here behind my back." "There has been too much going on behind every one's backs," Bob- bie cried, and told him of Red and Hulda in the drug store the day be- fore, of what Hulda had said, of Nolan who had watched them and of the hate in his eyes. When she had finished, she said, calm with the calmness of utter de- spair: "And now he's killed Red! And it's my fault for not warning him!" Then with rising passion: "Last night- Oh, I could kill myself! Talking with him- having him right there before me and not telling him!" "There's another little thing I'd like to know about," Pitt broke in thickly, his face a twist of fury. "What were you doing over at the 