Young And Beautiful 29 To her joy, Gordon was stand- ing on the side porch as she went toward the landing. She pretended not to see him until he hailed her. "Not going swimming in that icy lake, are you?" Pausing, she looked up. She had seen the eyes of many men widen with keen admiration at sight of her in a bathing suit. But to see such a look on his face fairly made her tingle. "I'm going to paddle my own canoe," she said. T"hat is, unless I can find a strong man to help me. How'd you like to ship on a voyage around the lake?" "I'm awfully sorry." A deepen- ing warmth of sincerity was in his tone. "But I've promised to make a fourth at bridge with Mr. Sebas- tian, your mother, and another lady." "Oh!" She caught her breath, and again exasperation swept over her. If his eyes really meant what they said, why was he always at her mother's side? "Better be careful," she advised him mockingly; "You'll be tired out, lifting those heavy cards. I don't know how you stand the pace!" He glared down at her." It isn t only your canoe that needs pad- dling," he growled. For a moment she thought he was going to vault the railing and carry out his threat. Then he glanced out over the lake, and his expression changed. "Lots of whitecaps on the water. Don't you think it's too choppy to go ca- noeing?" "Maybe, for bridge players," Bev- erly retorted. "But I don't think so." She swung on her heel and walked away, disappointed that he called no reply after her. As she started pad- dling from shore, she could see him on the porch, watching her. Then he went inside. During the next two hours, he reappeared at inter- vals, no doubt when he was dummy. She derived some satisfaction from believing that he was following her with his eyes. Pride alone kept her on the lake after the first half hour. The water was choppy, and the wind had a knifelike edge. But she felt that to go ashore would be admitting that Gordon had been right. Presently the wind increased, and she decided to turn back. She veered too sharply, however, letting the canoe's bow leap out of the water. The swirling waves rushed under it, and Beverly found herself in the lake with the canoe capsized. The water was icy-cold, but after she caught her breath she was not alarmed. She was an excellent swimmer. About to start for shore, she glanced toward the hotel. There on the porch stood Gordon's famil- iar figure. Knowing that she was cleanly visible to him, she sent out a long, piercing scream. She saw him leap the railing and run to the landing. There he re- moved his coat, kicked off his shoes, and dived into the lake. As he cut through the water toward her with long, strong strokes, she perceived that he was an exceptionally good swimmer. Nearing the capsized canoe to which she clung, he blinked the wa- ter from his eyes and called hoarsely: "Miss Fenwick! Bev- erly! Are you all right?" "Never better," she responded cheerfully. "It was nice of you to swim out and visit me." She smiled gayly at him. His face grew grim as, treading water, he stared at her. "You don't seem to need help," he 