Primitive Love 109 a swiftly vanishing figure, and the cry of a hoot owl, from a withered stump that once had been a tree. Bobbie found Tim down where the forms for the last almost-com- pleted arch rose, ghostly against a star-dotted sky. "Tim!" she gasped. "Is it true? Is there dynamite missing from the storehouse? They told me at the office. Is it true?" "True?" A firefly split the dusk. : Tim slapped at it angrily. "Ain't you been raised round camps like this, gal? Don't you know we check every stick of dynamite that's used- every cap and inch of fuse? Sure it's missing! And believe me, I've got ten men pacing this bridge to-night. I'm going to keep them pacing it every night from now on, until we're through. One try at blowing us up is enough. There ain't going to be another- not while your dad's gone, anyway." Bobbie grabbed his arm and shook it. Her voice was shrill with terror. "Oh, Tim, you fool!" she cried. "It's not your bridge that's going to be blown up to-night! Don't you see? It's Honey! She's stolen your dynamite. She's going to do that fool thing you told her to do, the other night up at the cottage. She's going to blow a hole in Bear Creek and flood Red out! Where is she? Have, you seen her anywhere? Think, Tim! Think!" "No, I ain't seen her. What's the matter? Heat got you?" Tim was irritated. "Why, that kid couldn't blow a hole in a tin can! She's scared to touch the stuff. Squealed like a mouse if I poked it at her. Get out now and leave me alone. Swear if I blame Red for spanking you. I'd do it myself, goldarn it, if you was a year or so younger". He yanked his arm loose and made his way into the maze of giant footings. His lantern, swinging carefully ahead of him, sent tiny light beams among the towering timbers- beams that grew fainter and fainter, to lose themselves at last in the shadowy gloom. As Bobbie watched him disap- pear, utter despair swept her. No one would believe her- Tim, her father, laughing, thinking her crazy! But she knew. She knew what love could do to a girl, to what heights or what depths it could drag her. Honey had stolen that dynamite! Bobbie was as certain of it as though her own eyes had witnessed the theft. For days Honey had been brooding over what Tim, in his blind fooling, had suggested- been planning for it. And she had taken this opportunity when she was left alone, to go over to Red's camp and blow that hole in the bank of Bear Creek. What motive but that could have kept Honey hanging around Tim's heels that hot morning, learning how to set a blast, watching how dynamite was laid? Oh, what an idiot she had been! What a blind, self-centered idiot so wrapped up in her own troubles, she couldn't see what lay right be- fore her eyes! That white-iron look in Honey's face should have told her, if nothing else had. She remembered those eager questions Honey had thrown at her father and Tim: "If- if some one let the water down on Red's camp, would that mean you'd win the bonus? Would that mean you'd win the hundred thousand dollars?" . And above all else, the love in her eyes when they had rested on Pitt! That awful, avid hunger of love! And before Bobbie knew what she 