Orchid Girl 67 had never known such gnawing pangs of fury even while in that electric moment her heart beat in her throat like a trapped bird. Every pulse in her body sang in the ecstasy of love. She tore herself away and ran like the wind. Down the slope. Up the cottage steps- into Lucile's arms. "I was just coming for you, Eve darling. Ralph's getting the car. The phone- your father-" "Father! Not dead. No! No!" A month after that night Eve, ivory-pale in her white mourning sat huddled in the huge book-lined library with its soft tones of old mahogany furniture. She had just had two pain- ful interviews, one with her father's laywer, who told gently that, when the creditors were satisfied, she would be penniless. The other with Cyril Clarke, in which she repeated her decision not to marry him until he forswore drink and his playboy habits and settled down as junior member of his father's law firm. Cyril stood, balancing himself on unsteady legs. Medium height, too heavy for the middle twenties, un- easy mouth, bloodshot eyes. He smoked one cigarette after the other, and regarded her sulkily. "That's crazy, Eve, a smoothie like you a professional dancer! You'll starve to death the first month." "You know, Jacques said I ought to make dancing my career," Eve said quietly, but her hands worked nervously. "And old Orloff in Petrograd said the same. My first engagement's Thursday night- the Graysons' charity garden party." The days that she must live through before her debut as a pro- fessional dancer crawled for Eve, in spite of unending hours of practice. Sometimes she broke into fits of wild weeping for her father. Once- twice she longed unbearably to see Bob Wallace. Beyond a formal note of sympathy and a box of her fa- vorite deep-purple violets, he had completely ignored her. She wanted to see him so much that, one afternoon, humbling her- self, she phoned his office. He was at the Carlton, the suite of the great Vien- nese nerve spe- cialist, Doctor- Eve didn't try to catch the name. She would wait in the Carlton lobby. She must see Bob, tell him she was sorry, confess. After an hour of waiting she saw him step out of the elevator. "Hello, Bob!" "Eve! Miss Hilton! Wish I could stop, but I'm late now at the hos- pital." He spoke pleasantly, but so distantly. Eve, hurt to the quick, would have fled, but she saw one hand crush his soft gray hat. That en- couraged her. He wasn't so stony indifferent, after all. "I phoned your office. I wanted to tell you-" She forced her eyes to his face. A muscle twitched in his cheek. "There's nothing to tell. It was just my fool mistake. I've always believed your world and mine don't 