Violet Eyes 95 rested her elbow on the little cush- ion, while the clerk cased on the exquisite blue glace gloves. "What size does Aunt Ellen wear?" Mabrue asked with a twin- kle. "Seven." Norman matched her twinkle. "Told you I'd lost the list, so how do I know about Susie's rompers and Danny's undies?" "You lose everything, my prob- lem child," sighed Mabrue. W"ell, who lost her wedding ring?" flung back Norman Norris. "I suppose to-day is as good as any to buy you a new one." "No. Rings are so frightfully Victorian," Mabrue drawled. "You were proud enough of yours," he murmured close to her ear, "when I put it on your digit last June- er- I mean several Junes ago, considering we have Susie and Danny. On the lost list, my pet, were shoes, sheers, and peach-col- ored do-dads for you. Remember?" "Of all the zanies!" chuckled Mabrue. "Hose for madame," put in the clerk, signaling to a clerk at the op- posite counter. Mabrue said hastily: "We'd best buy the children's things first." Norman grinned wickedly. "Socks for mamma first," he decreed. Then I'll cure you, smarty," Ma- brue told him, low. But when she bought six pairs of the sheerest, he only laughed. "Black for auntie, size ten," he ordered. "No cobwebs, however." The hosiery went into the hat bag. "Ladies shoes?" he inquired. "I shall be pleased to escort you there, sir," spoke up an elegant young man. "I'm Smithers of la- dies shoes. Been matching hose for a customer." He smiled ingratiat- ingly at the handsome pair. Mabrue clutched Norman's sleeve. "Are they all in conspiracy with you to push me from one de- partment to another? Seriously, Mr. Norris, the joke has gone far enough already." "I," said Norman, taking her arm and following their guide, "haven't had so much fun since the mice made a nest in aunty's best wig." "I feel as if I were living in a comic strip," laughed Mabrue. "I live by one, my lamb. I do the 'Let's Be Gay!' strip." "Oh, I adore that series!" cried Mabrue. "Could you adore its papa? Nice fellow. Sober. Reliable. Amusing, though slightly mad. He dotes on sleek brown hair with red glints in it, violet eyes with imps in em, devastating dimples, and lus- cious lips." "Why, there's my uncle!" Mabrue was away like a shot. Norman was after her like an- other and more speedy shot. When she admitted it was a ruse to get away, he grew grave. He asked so- berly:" You want to get away? End this? And it was off to such a good start!" They returned to the guide, and Norman explained: "Thought we saw Uncle Eben, but it was two other people. Lead on, Mr. Smith- ers." "We can save time if you don't mind climbing a short stairway, sir." "We spent our honeymoon climb- ing the Alps," Norman assured him. At the turn in the stairs, he drew Mabrue to him. "I was so happy over finding such a delightful play- mate", he chided. "Why did you scram?" "Because I can't let you see the darns in my stockings," Mabrue confessed, close to tears. "This foolery has been the only fun I've 