ADVERTISING SECTION Help Your Kidneys Don't Take Drastic Drugs You have 9 million tiny tubes or filters in your kidneys, which are at work night and day cleaning out Acids and poisonous wastes and purifying your blood, which circulates through your kidneys 200 times an hour. So it’s no wonder that poorly functioning Kidneys may be the real cause of feeling tired, run-down, nervous, Getting Up Nights, Rheumatic Pains and other troubles. Nearly everyone is likely to suffer from poorly functioning Kidneys at times because modern foods and drinks, weather changes, exposure, colds, nervous strain, worry and over-work often place an extra heavy load on the Kidneys. But when your Kidneys need help, don’t take chances with drastic or irritating drugs. Be careful. If poorly functioning Kidneys or Bladder make you suffer from Get-ting Up Nights, Leg Pains, Nervousness, Stiffness, Burning, Smarting, Itching Acidity, Rheumatic Pains, Lumbago, Loss of Vitality, Dark Circles under the eyes, or Dizziness, don’t waste a minute. Try the Doctor’s prescription Cystex (pro- nounced Siss-tex). See for yourself the amazing quickness with which it soothes, tones and cleans raw, sore irritated membranes. Cystex is a remarkably successful prescription for poorly functioning Kidneys and Bladder. It is helping millions of sufferers, and many say that in just a day or so it helped them sleep like a baby, brought new strength and energy, eased rheumatic pains and stiffness--made them feel years younger. Cystex is swift, safe and sure in action. It helps the Kidneys in their work of cleaning out the blood and removing poisonous acids and wastes in the system. Cystex is a scientifically prepared prescription and your doctor or druggist can tell you it does not contain any dopes, narcotics or habit-forming drugs. The formula is in every package. Because of its amazing and almost world- wide success, the Doctor's Prescription known as Cystex, (pronounced Siss-tex) is offered to sufferers of poor Kidney and Blad- der functions under the fair-play guarantee to fix you up to your complete satisfaction or money back on return of empty pack- age. It’s only 3c a dose. Ask your druggist for Cystex today and see,for yourself how much younger, stronger and better you can feel by simply clean- ing out your Kidneys. Cystex must do the work or cost you nothing. City Health Doctor Praises Cystex Dr. W.R. George Doctors and druggists everywhere approve of the prescription Cystex because of its splendid ingredients and quick action. For instance, Dr. W. R. George, graduate Medical Dept., University of Indiana, former Health Commissioner of Indianapolis, and Medical Di- rector for insurance company 10 year, recently wrote the following letter: "There is little question but what properly func- tioning Kidney and Bladder organs are vital to tbe health. Insufficient Kidney excretions are the cause of much needless suffering with aching back, weakness, painful joints and rheumatic pains, headaches and a general run-down, exhausted body. This condition also interferes with normal rest at night by causing the sufferer to rise frequently for relief, and results in painful excretion, itching, smarting and burning. I am of the opinion that Cystex definitely corrects frequent causes (poor kidney functions) of such conditions and I have actually prescribed in my own practice for many years past the same ingredients contained in your formula. Cystex not only exerts a splendid in- fluence in flushing poisons from the urinary tract, but also has an antiseptic action and assists in freeing the blood of retained toxins. Believing as I do that so meritorious a product deserves the endorsement of the Medical Profession, I am happy indeed to lend my name and photograph for your use in advertising Cystex." Signed W. R. George, M. D. Stamp Collecting The hobby of Pres. Roosevelt, Kings and Statesmen. The most absorbing, entertaining, educational of all pastimes. Our illustrated booklet, pocked with useful information for advanced collector[s] as well as beginners, mailed free, together with 15 desirable 19th Century stamps and new magazine "Stamp Loro" containing contest with free prizes for 10c postage. Send for it today. GLOBUS STAMP COMPANY 268-4th Ave., Dept. 130, New York, N. Y. BALD MEN! WAKE UP YOUR DORMANT HAIR ROOTS! If your hair roots are not dead but merely dormant, give-your scalp a chance by stimulating the hair roots with Japanese Oil, the anti- septic counter-irritant. Thousands have reported astonishing results. Many who had given up in despair turned to Japanese Oil as a last resort, and have been rewarded with hair growth. You owe it to yourself to try this highly successful preparation. You'll be amazed at the way it removes loose dandruff, stops scalp itch and helps promote new, strong, healthy- growth. 6c a bottle at any druggist in America. (Economy size $1). FREE: Valuable book, "The Truth A boot the Hair." Write National Remedy Co., 60 W. 45th St., Dept. 54A, New York. JAPANESE OIL This advertisement was reviewed and approved by a registered physician PILES DON’T BE CUT Until You Try This Wonderful Treatment for pile suffering. If you have piles in any form write for a FREE sample of Page’s Pile Tablets and you will bless the day that you read this. Write today. E. R. Page Co., 2315-P Page Bldg., Marshall, Mich. Up-to-the-Minute Fiction AINSLEE’S Magazine It’s a STREET SMITH Publication All News Stands 15c GOOD LIQUOR 5th the price Bonded Goods AGED-IN-WOOD WHISKEY FLAVOR One Jar of Oakroma, one gallon tax-paid alcohol, one gallon water makes two gallons 95 proof finest Bourbon flavored Liquor. New Discovery of roasted Bourbon Oak Chips and special whiskey flavors gives Aged-in-Wood Whiskey taste overnight. No harshness, but smooth, mellow and fine whiskey bouquet and color. Over 50,000 satisfied users. Everyone wants Oakroma. Today’s Biggest Seller. Over 300% profit. Salesmen-Agents making Big Money. FREE-- Write for Free No-Risk Trial and Master Sales Plan.--HOME MFG. CO., Dept. 3263, 18 E. Kinzie St., Chicago, Ill. Offered for sale only in compliance with all State and Federal Laws. Please mention, this magazine when answering advertisements 