Two in a Fog 19 Jada stood up, her face ashily pale. "You keep away from him, do you hear me?" she cried, clenching her teeth desperately. "He's mine and no one else shall have him!" Melina dreamily surveyed herself in the mirror. "He seemed to like me," she murmured. "He'd be so comfortable to live with-" "Shut up!" Jada shrieked, and then a knock sounded on the door. "Hello in there!" Erin O'Moore's voice came anxiously through. "What's all the noise about?" In an instant, Melina had her dress on and was fastening it up while Erin pushed open the door and peered in. His eyes sought hers first and somewhere deep inside her, Melina was glad. It was, she thought vaguely, get- ting to be a habit, feeling glad about Erin O'Moore. "What's up?" he was asking, his eyes very intent, though his voice made his words of no consequence. Melina, went to him without look- ing at Jada. "Not a thing, she as- _ sured him. Only, I've decided not to take a nap. I think I'll come in and keep you company." Erin O'Moore grinned widely and bowed low. "The best news I've had since you decided to take a nap. Enter, lady fair." Rod was standing by the window, scowling out at the fog. When Melina came in, he turned and di- rected his scowl at her. But she merely raised her brows madden- ingly and strolled over to sit be- fore the dead embers of the fire. Her host followed, something bril- liant yet soft glowing in his eyes. Standing over her, arms folded across his chest, he said simply: "It took those minutes out of my sight to make me know." Melina flushed hotly and then wondered why. Across the room, Rod cleared his throat loudly, But Erin went on as if they were alone: "I had begun to wonder about my- self and you. For some reason you drew my eyes clear across the cafe to-night. I couldn't eat with the same appetite afterward." He stopped, and his eyes searched her face intently. Melina stirred restlessly. She felt strange, taken up out of herself Something of what this man felt en- tered her blood. "We're strangers," she mur~ mured. "You know nothing of me." He flung up his head. "Do any of us ever truly know one another? Even after years of living together?" She mused on that, remembering things she had heard. "They, say that-" "That there is no such thing as love at first sight," he put in quickly. "Perhaps there isn't." His eyes held hers. "But whatever this is I feel for you, if it isn't love, it might just as well be because-" Jada's voice issuing from the bed- room interrupted him, and Melina was conscious of quick resentment. She had to hear more! "Rod! Come here, will you?" Jada called and Rod, with a mut- tered excuse, disappeared into the other room and closed the door. Erin shrugged. "A lovely couple!" Melina smoothed her skirt care- fully. "You were saying?" she prompted casually too casually. And in an instant, Erin O'Moore was kneeling at her feet so that he could look up into her eyes, his whole face lit up with tenderness, his hands strong and steady on hers. "Then you aren't exactly bored?" he asked gently. "Even if you don't believe in love at first sight?" Melina took a deep breath. It was becoming difficult to breathe the way she should. It was being so 