Violet Eyes 99 the old tartar, she scrammed. Here's the sewing box." When he returned, the hat looked almost new and quite perky. Ma- brue pulled it over her ears and made a face. "Why the gloom?" she asked. Norman laughed. "I thought all the ad putter-inners must be blind; but, if you wore that lid, no won- der you didn't get a job." "Oh, I had this tissue paper in- side to pad it." "Good. It's sure to fit over auntie's wig. The gloom is because I can't get any one to stay here for several days and nights. Just what I expected. As I said, friendships are easily broken when you ask a favor. I don't know what to do- Say, Mabrue, could you stay?" "I could, but- well, how do you know I'm to be trusted?" "I've proved that you are, Miss Hoss Trader. Look, there's a ra- dio, scads of books, magazines, and even a new toothbrush. He pulled out a dresser drawer. Nighties and everything for auntie's guests, or you. You can phone the stores for food and charge it. How about it, Vi Eye?" "How long do you want me to stay?" "Until Monday- no, forever!" He caught her hands in his and drew her to him. "Mabrue, you lovely witch, what have you done to me? I do want you here forever, close to my heart." She felt his lips on her shining hair, his breath warm on her fore- head. Straining back, she searched his eyes. What she saw there sent quivers of ecstasy from her heart to her smiling lips. "Are we dreaming this, Norman?" she asked. It was his kiss on her lips that told her she was not dreaming. That kiss, fiercely tender, passion- ately demanding, awakened her to the full meaning of life. "I love you, love you," he was saying as he rained kisses on her face and soft white throat. He lifted her in his arms and carried her to the armchair near the window. "I hate to leave you, sweetest," he la- mented. "I shall think of you sleep- ing in that little bed and dreaming of me. Each day, look out this win- dow and watch the tiny leaves of the maple opening under the warm kiss of the sun, just as your dear heart opened when I kissed your sweet lips." Presently, there was a good-by kiss- a whole series of good-by kisses- then Mabrue was alone with her rapture and her bewilderment. Things just did not happen like this in real life. She would wake up and find herself in that ugly room up- town. She spent the greater part of her time admiring the exquisite loveli- ness of the china, behind glass where no rude hand could break it. Be- cause of that rare collection she was here. She recalled Norman's savagely bitter denial that hearts break. Why had he said that he ought to know?- she wondered. Saturday afternoon she found out the answer. Belle had cleaned the already im- maculate place, and had left with a friendly smile to this new grand- niece of Miss Ellen's, when the bell rang. Thinking it was the superin- tendent, whom Norman had in- structed to call several times a day, to see if all were well, Mabrue opened the door. Past her, through the foyer and into the drawing-room, swept a tall, beautiful young woman in smart, ex- pensive clothes. 