The Friend In Need 157 tain boy in the neighborhood whom Jack asked me not to go with, but I thought that it would be a good way to forget him. Jack began going with another girl and drank more than ever. He was in the habit of drinking, though not to excess. That is one reason why my father objects to Jack. I continued going with this other boy, Bill, for a few months. Then I met Jack again, and he begged me to drop Bill. Loving Jack as I did, I agreed. I tried to get my father to let me go with Jack, but he refused. So again I had to give Jack up. Time passed, and though I still loved Jack, I was lonesome and blue. I had to have some fun, so dad let me go with Bill. But whenever I happened to meet Jack, he always begged me not to go out with any one else. During all this time Jack had only a few dates with other girls, but he didn't stop drinking. When I begged him to do so, he said he'd stop "some day." Then I found a job away from home. It gave me a chance to see Jack often, and we could go out without being watched. We were very happy, but some one tat- tled, and my father told me that if I didn't quit seeing Jack he would make me give up my job and come home. Jack was working at that time, so we decided to get married, then no one could separate us. We even decided on the wedding date. But as it drew nearer, Jack heard that he was going to be laid off. And as my job was not going to last much longer we thought that it would be better to wait until we were financially prepared for marriage. He didn't stop drinking, but kept prom- ising me that he would after we were mar- ried. Dad wouldn't agree for us to go together, so Jack said, "What good will it do me to quit drinking? I love you so much that life isn't worth living without you." Then I was laid off and went home. One night Jack was drunk and did some- thing that humiliated me terribly. I de- cided that he would never stop drinking and that I might just as well give him up. We have not had a date for more than two months, but I can't forget him. I love him, and I know I'll never stop lov- ing him. I have been out with Bill again, but there seems to be no solution to my problem. The other day I saw Jack again, and he promised to stop drinking. He said he hadn't had a drink for a week, and tells every one that he has stopped drinking. He wants me to make up, and plan for us to be together always. What should I do? If I marry him I will break my parents hearts. If I don't, my own heart will break. I can't live without him. Annette of Michigan. No problem is so hopeless that it cannot be worked out one way or another. But time and a strong de- sire to iron out difficulties are neces- sary in order to make the remedy effective. In the first place, my dear, if your parents object to your going with Jack only because of his drinking, then it would seem reasonable to suppose that, if he loves you, he would be eager to give up liquor and make every effort to convince them he is worthy of your love. Why not tell your parents that you would like to give Jack a year or so to make good, and that in the mean- time you will have other friends, too? That solution, it seems to me, would be fair to every one con- cerned. It would give Jack an opportunity to turn over a new leaf, and show you he can be depended upon. A man who is really in love will do everything within his power in order to overcome obstacles that prevent him from marrying the girl who has captured his heart. Dear Mrs.-Brown: I am a young sailor of twenty-one, and if you can give me some advice, I will certainly appreciate it. Ever since I was sixteen I have found a great deal of satisfaction in traveling and being on the go. I went to England on a tramp steamer at that age, and quit when I was seventeen. Then I joined the national guard for three years. After that I joined the navy, and I enjoy it as long as I can keep going. Here's my problem: I am in love with a very sweet, girl, and would like to de- vote the rest of my life to making her happy. However, how can I settle down to married life when I have no trade? I am really and truly in love with this 