Borrowed Man 61 I wondered if you wouldn't help me again- just as a lark. It worked out so well the first time, you know, for everybody concerned." For a moment Harvey didn't speak. He gazed at her in uncer- tain silence, as if trying to figure what she meant by that. "Of course," she added in a quick, matter-of-fact way, "I'll pay my share of the expenses, just as be- fore." "All right," said Harvey, with a slow, rather puzzled smile. "I know it'll be pleasant." "And by the way," Merrilee told him, "this girl isn't from Milling- ham. She's from Central City. She and Nola don't know each other. So you don't need to worry about that." When he had gone Merrilee sat almost trembling. No, he didn't need to worry! But she did! She had spun her web of pretense so thin, drawn it out so far! Starting with a simple little fib about having a good time in New York, she had stretched it until the most impor- tant part of her life seemed to be built on make-believe. She was in near-panic. But she couldn't turn back now. At noon she had lunch with Helen Brodie. "Helen, I'm in an awful jam," she confessed. "Let's hear," said Helen, her dark eyes sympathetic but twinkling. "I haven't forgotten what you did for me when Tom thought I'd been two-timing Him." Merrilee grinned, in spite of her own troubles. Her friendship with Helen was one of those whole- hearted, dependable ones that per- sists even though circumstances make actual meetings rare. She told her frankly what had happened what she had said to Harvey Tate. "I get it," nodded Helen. "I'm the friend from Central City." "Yes, but don't you go falling for Harvey, too. I'm warning you con- fidentially. He's good-looking, but he has a brother in prison, he killed his first wife, he's an habitual drunk- ard, and he cheats newsboys." "Sure," Helen agreed. "And if you get him, I hope you'll reform him. Tom and I will be seeing you." Merrilee arranged the date for a Saturday night. Starting out with Harvey, her heart beat with mo- mentary triumph and uneasy excite- ment. Her plan was daring, wild. "This girl we're going to meet," she said as they rode in the taxi, thinks we're crazy about each other." She forced herself to laugh merrily. "It's a shame to disap- point her too badly." "Every girl," said Harvey sol- emnly, "should be helped to keep her illusions. I'll do my best." They met Helen and Tom at the Cloudline Club. "Isn't it wonderful up here?" Helen exclaimed. "I think New York is grand. Oh, Merrilee, is Mr. Tate the man you've been writ- ing me so much about? " Merrilee tried to blush and, from the hot feeling of her cheeks, thought she succeeded. Harvey had let his fingers touch hers and hold them lingeringly. At their table, he helped her to her seat with great tenderness. His eyes hovered upon her, hungrily, and she returned the gaze with a thumping, burning heart. She had to be care- ful lest he see at once how real it was! Helen met her eyes and exchanged a surreptitious glance, which Harvey was intended to notice. When they danced, he held her close- closer than he really had to 