30 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine said ominously. "What was all screaming for?" "I wanted to see if you'd leave your bridge game," she asserted. "Now that you're here, I'll race you back to shore." For answer, he lunged toward her. The next moment Beverly was grasped in his strong arms face down against the overturned canoe, and spanked twice, stingingly. Spluttering, gasping when he released her, she faced him, her eyes blazing. She felt out- raged and humiliated. "I hate you!" she cried. "How dared you do that to me?" "You asked for it, and you got it," he an- swered. His face was calm now, and his eyes friendly and warm. "Now let's get back to land." "I'll go back by my- self!" she cried. "Go away and let me alone, you brute!" "I'm going with you," he an- nounced resolutely. If the water had not been so icy, Beverly would have remained there obstinately. But she was becoming chilled. She struck out for shore at her fastest pace, hoping to outdis- tance him. To her irritation, he kept at her side with ease. Halfway to the landing, her limbs began to grow leaden. Her body went numb, and her head felt dizzy. She turned a puzzled, help- less look toward Gordon. He swam closer to her. His brawny arm went across her shoulders, and she sighed. Then she lost consciousness. When she opened her eyes Gor- don was lowering her gently into her bed. Behind him she glimpsed the anxious face of her mother and the countenance of the hotel physician. "I'm sorry," she whispered weakly to Gordon. He smiled softly and let his hands come away from her slowly, reluc- tantly. Then he stepped aside for the doctor. Beverly emerged from the esca- pade with nothing worse than a se- vere cold.She was forced to keep to her room for the rest of the week. Ordinarily this would have been hard enough on her active temperament. Now it meant not see- ing Gordon, and that made it ten times worse. He sent her a large bouquet of flowers, and she was thrilled almost to tears. There was no florist at the resort. She realized that he must have plucked those wild flowers after hours of tramping about the slopes. They wilted in a day, but she would not have them thrown out. His flowers! After dinner in her room serveral nights later she announced: "Mother, I feel well enough to go downstairs this evening. In fact, I could stand a couple of hours of dancing. "Splendid, my dear!" enthused Mrs. Fenwick. "And it will be a great relief to me if you'll take Gor- don Larrimore off my hands for once. He trails me everywhere I go, and I haven't had five minutes alone with that fascinating Sebas- tian." "Really!" said Beverly faintly. Her mother had no idea how her words tor at the girl's heart. So he was still pursuing her mother! "Of course, I'm flattered by his 