Young And Beautiful 25 necklace put in the hotel safe to- night," reminded Beverly. "You forgot to, last night, and I was so nervous I couldn't sleep." "You worry too much," said Mrs. Fenwick gayly. "Don't forget that these pearls are insured for fifty thousand dollars." "Yes, mother, but a robbery wouldn't be funny. And you're so careless about picking up new ac- quaintances." "Oh, stop lecturing, Beverly! Speaking of new acquaintances- after dinner, the hotel hostess in- troduced me to that distinguished- looking man we noticed in the din- ing room; His name is Luis Se- bastian. He's very charming. And what do you think he said to me?" "That he thought you and I looked like sisters, instead of mother and daughter," answered Beverly promptly. "How did you ever guess?" "Good heavens, mother, don't people say it wherever we go?" Bev- erly asked, somewhat mournfully. "Well, yes, they do," smiled Mrs. Fenwick, with a pleased look at her reflection. The glass mirroring their images testified that Mrs. Fenwick and her nineteen-year-old daughter did in- deed look like sisters. Beverly's fig- ure was no slenderer in her white evening gown than her mother's in a blue one. Mrs. Fenwick's hair, due to daily treatment, was an even more lustrous gold than that of her daughter. The mother's eyes were a light blue, while Beverly's eyes shaded toward violet. Both had the gorgeous, com- plexions that go with such fair col- oring, both were beautiful. Mrs. Fenwick's beauty was doll-like and dainty, compared with the healthy, glowing attractiveness of her daugh- ter. "Really Mr. Sebastian is very in- teresting," Mrs. Fenwick went on. "He has traveled all over the world, and he's a delightful talker. And, oh, by the way, I also met that ath- letic-looking young man." "Which one do you mean?" Bev- erly spoke calmly, but her heart gave a queer little flipflop of an- ticipation. "You know- the only other at- tractive man in the hotel. The quiet one who's been sitting shyly on the porch, reading. His name is Gordon Larrimore. What do you say, Beverly, we go down now, gather him and Mr. Sebastian in, and hint that they take us to the grill for dancing?" "Mother!" Beverly was partly thrilled, partly apprehensive. "Please don't ask them, outright." "Of course not!" laughed Mrs. Fenwick. "Leave it to me to be subtle. And stop looking so wor- ried. Sometimes I feel you're ten years older than I." Beverly, selecting a wrap, sighed. She felt the same way. Her mother seemed so irresponsible. It was nice to have a young, beautiful mother, but sometimes she envied other girls. Girls who had stout, middle- aged mothers with graying hair- mothers who were not always sur- rounded by fascinated young men, who did not eclipse their shy youngs daughters. Beverly was not unsympathetic with her mother's keen enjoyment of being youngish and sought-after. She knew that Mrs. Fenwick, mar- ried when very young to a man twenty years her senior, had for years led a dull existence. It was only several years ago that, left a widow with a good income, she had really blossomed out and begun to enjoy life. Because of her earlier repression, 