The Friendliest Corner 143 to answer all letters received. I'll tell you all about myself in my first letter, Pals, so don't hesitate to write. Tinky. Fennimore is an advanced student in music and art. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a boy of not quite sixteen, have brown hair, hazel eyes, and am five feet six inches tall. My chief interests are swimming, diving, football, tennis, riding, and life-saving. I am also an advanced student in music and art. Write to me, fellows. I will exchange snap- shots and promise prompt replies. Fennimore. This Nova Scotia Pal loves to make friends. Dear Miss Morris: May I hope to hear from Pals everywhere? I am a girl of twenty-two, live in Nova Scotia, and love to make friends. I am interested in skating, dancing, movies, and reading. I have had a few rather interesting adven- tures, and can tell you all about Nova Scotia. I'll exchange snapshots and poems. Pals, please don't disappoint me! Ruoda E. Keystone Lois has musical ability. Dear Miss Morris: Please print my plea for Pen Pals. I'm a girl of eighteen, a high-school graduate, and as I have a position which takes me away from my home town I get very lonesome. I would like to hear from girls everywhere. I en- joy reading, French, athletics, collect stamps, and can play several musical in- struments. Girls, write to a true friend. Keystone Lois. A call for good, sensible Pals. Dear Miss Morris: I would like to correspond with married Pals and single girls between thirty and forty years of age, and especially those who are not man- crazy. Although I'm not a man hater, and am married myself; I don't like to hear girls, raving about every man they meet. I am thirty-one, good-natured, friendly, and my hobby is reading. I'll be waiting to hear from you, girls. Roxy. Boys, you'll find Miami Q, con- genial and understanding. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a young man of twenty-three, five feet ten inches tall, with blue eyes and light-brown hair. I am considered very understanding and con- genial. I would like to hear from Pals from Texas, Arizona, New Mexico, and California. Of course, every one is wel- come, and I promise to answer all letters Miami Q. Her chief hobby is writing letters. Dear Miss Morris: I am an auburn- haired, blue-eyed girl of twenty, a junior at college, and my pet hobby is writing long letters. I would love to correspond with girls far and near, and will send a snap- shot to the first five Pals who write to me. Jeanshirley. Girls, get together with Bingee. Dear Miss Morris: Please print my plea in your Corner. I am a young Italian girl of nineteen, enjoy reading, hiking, and writing long, newsy letters. My hobby is collecting poems. I live in New York State, and can write lots of interesting things. Won't you Pals try me? Bingee. Cantonette will appreciate your letters. Dear Miss Morris: I am a tall, slim blonde, eighteen years of age, enjoy danc- ing, reading, swimming, and drawing. I will be very glad to exchange snapshots with girls everywhere. My mother is dead, and I am the oldest girl at home. I keep house for the rest of the family, but have lots of time for writing letters. Won't some of you Pen Pals please write to me? I'll appreciate your letters. Cantonette. Bern is a good sport. Dear Miss Morris: I'm another lone- some young fellow looking for Pen Pals. I am nineteen years of age, considered a good sport, and enjoy receiving and writing letters. Come on, fellows, let's see what we have in common. I have plenty of time to answer every one of you. Bern. A peppy young Minnesota Pal. Dear Miss Morris: Does any one want a peppy Pal who will answer all letters promptly, and who has lots of interesting things to talk about? I am a girl of eight- een, with brown hair and blue eyes. I like to read, am interested in music, sports, and especially swimming. I'm hoping to hear from true-blue Pals everywhere. Come on, girls, tell me all about yourselves. I live in Minneapolis. Owatonna. 