130 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Everybody looked at Robert, assessing him. "Your mother used to keep you very neat," mused Grandma Pros- ser. "I declare, she had your little pants out on the line every blessed day." "Mother!" exclaimed Mrs. Pros- ser. "And Diane's were, too," asserted grandma vigorously. She was al- ways goaded on by tactful inter- ference. "That was before your time, Agnes. Eleanor did her own washing then. For myself I don't trust these laundries. I-" Aunt Emily interposed hastily: "Have you seen the Loan Exhibit in town? It's not- that is to say- the modern, you know, in conflict. Dar- ing, but a little cold. The doorbell rang at this point. "There's George," said Mrs. Trench with relief. "George, how good of you. We're just dying for some bridge. I think you know every one. Oh, Robert, this is George Milson. George, Robert Pennel." The young men shook hands. From an obscure corner where he had hidden himself, Stephen Trench sized them up. George was a mouse-colored man, eminently cor- rect in an artificial way; against him, Robert's natural, half-boyish ease warmed Stephen's heart. George Milson was perfectly suited to Lu, he thought. They would be cere- moniously married, furnish their house with scrupulous regard to con- servative standards, obey every precept of matrimony implicity, and die respected and unknown outside their own street. Stephen Trench sighed. He had pretty nearly got there himself. And it was all right. These people were the backbone of the social order, he had no doubt. They hadn't enough imagination to go wrong. You couldn't expect backbones to get out of shape sud- denly. Stephen laughed to himself, but Diane shot him a glance- hurt, dismayed, in the next instant, al- most hopeful- and his humor died. They were moving to the tables now. For an instant Diane and Robert were together. As he towered over her, his eyes fixed on her, she smiled up at him. Her eyes spoke volumes though her lips merely said: "I'm sorry. It's horrid, isn t it? All these people." Stephen saw their young misery through these mutual smiles, and he experienced a fierce pang, a desire to jump up and cry out that this room, these people, this bridge, was a sacrilege against youth, romance, and a summer night. "Stephen," Mrs. Trench's voice brought him to earth. "Will you fetch the punch, dear? You don't mind not playing, do you? And then you can chat a bit with Grand- ma Prosser." The four younger people played at one table. Robert and Diane were allowed to partner each other, because, after all, they were across the table and George Milson settled himself down comfortably opposite Lu. Grandma Prosser pulled up a chair and made remarks about the hands she could see. Tiring of that, she returned to the subject of the guest of honor. "Many's the time, young man," she told Robert, "I've blessed your mother for trying to make a pianist out of you. And Diane's mother, too. Many an afternoon's sleep you've destroyed, fumbling up and down the scales." Robert brightened. "I've nothing much to show for it," he said. "But I remember well enough. Diane used to sit at hers 