Your Stars And You 137 and events that it will be upsetting. The current week holds several upsetting in- terludes. If born between June 15th and 21st, you will have petty annoyances in business and will be subject to criticism from the public. Execute your work and expand your working conditions, but be careful of the things you say and write, especially to the boss. June 21st and July 21st (Cancer) -Cancerians born between June 31st and 27th will experience changes in connection with friends, and there is the necessity to be serious and do everything which comes under the heading of duty. Expand your interests and build new foundations for ef- ficiency. If born between July 1st and 9th, you will find your intuition active and there will be opportunities for enjoyment and pleasant relations with friends. However, home conditions will be hectic and some of the domestic pressure may prevent you from being as efficient as you desire. If born between July 14th and 21st, you will have new opportunities. It is time for ex- panding your interests and adopting a new viewpoint. Relations with associates should be harmonious. July 21st and August 22nd (Leo) -Leo people born between July 21st and 27th will begin to feel the pressure of the planets; will be restless and will make minor changes. Conditions connected with the finances of associates will be restricted and no immediate solution to the problem will be reached satisfactorily. If born be- tween August 2nd and 9th, you will have a busy emotional life this week, and there will be moments of personal pleasure. The undercurrent is energetic and alive, and vital matters will require attention. If born between August 14th and 22nd, you will have your emotions and sentiments stimu- lated, but concentrated thought will have to be given to financial affairs. You might be able to adjust some of the matters which were delayed, in the past concerning money which dealt with partners. Much of the pressure in the lives of the latter group has been relieved. August 22nd and September 23rd (Virgo) -Virgo people born between August 22nd and 28th will have changes and some of their affairs will be satisfactory and some of them pressing. Matters connected with partnerships will become a responsibility and serious thought will be given to asso- ciations. Desire for readjustment will be paramount and a feeling of restlessness will prompt you to make necessary changes. If born between September 2nd and 9th, you will be busy and there will be unex- pected demands on your income. The cur- rent week is pleasant in many spots and social affairs will be enjoyable. If born between September 15th and 23rd, you will be able to capitalize upon present and past efforts and any form of creative work will be satisfying to you. The current week brings the necessity to make decisions and there will be petty worries, but you will find your mind responsive and you will feel better than you have in the immedi- ate past. September 23rd and October 22nd (Libra) -Librans born between September 23rd and 30th will find work and their jobs irk- some and confining at this time and will have to undertake added responsibility. It is no time to change positions and there may be changes in connection with the finances of partners and associates. If born between October 3rd and 10th, you will feel upset personally and will have to watch your temper. Give serious thought to spiritual matters and inward growth and expect the current week to bring more har- monious relations with associates. If born between October 14th and 22nd, you will have to use your head this week-in con- nection with work and your job and de- cisions will have to be made. Petty an- noyances are only temporary. It is a time to capitalize upon your talents, expand your interests, and make every effort to increase your income. October 22nd and November 21st (Scorpio) -Scorpio people born between October 22nd and 29th will have upheaval and changes in connection with partners and associates, but these adjustments will be favorable to you later in the year. Accept responsibility, stand on your own feet, do not be too opinionated, but see that your own judgment and authority are recognized. If born between November 3rd and 19th you will find your intuition increasing, will recognize opportunities as being at hand and should use your talents constructively and diligently. This is a week when pleas- 