The mask 14 4 October-November-December 1928 naau_1928-10_01 The mask 14 4 Untitled Image Illustration 1 THE PASSING OF A GREAT MASTER, 1 ILLUSTRATIONS 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRA 2 MAESTRO ENRICO CECCHETTI. Plate 21. Illustration 4 SHAKESPEARE STRATFORD, AND A BRITISH ARTIST. J. S cre 5-7 Untitled Image Illustration 7 TWO BOOKS. 8-12 A SILHOUETTE BY CHODOWIECKI. Illustration 8 SEVERAL OF MY LIVES LOUIS N. PARKER cre 8-9 DAS RUSSISCHES THEATER JOSEPH GREGOR cre RENE FULEP-MILLER cre 9-10 RUSSIAN ACTIVITY 10-11 INTELLIGENCE. Ma che cre 11-12 A SILHOUETTE BY CHODOWIECKI. Illustration 12 THE PASSING OF A GREAT ARTIST CYRIL W. BEAUMONT cre 12-19 A SILHOUETTE BY CHODOWIECKI. Illustration 19 THE LIBRARY OF A COMEDIAN ; J. P. HARLEY, 1786 – 1858. PAUL Mc PHARLIN cre 20-27 Untitled Image Illustration 20 SOME EXTRACTS FROM THE PRACTICE OF MAKING SCENES AND MACHINES IN THEATRES (BOOK TWO). NICOLA SABBATTINI DA PESARO cre 28-34 Figure 1. Illustration 28 Figure 2. Illustration 30 Figure 3. Illustration 31 Figure 4. Illustration 33 Figure 5. Illustration 34 PARIS, 1928. A SHOW AND THREE MAGAZINES. p. b cre 35-36 TWO DRAMATISTS. E. G. C cre 36-37 Untitled Image Illustration 36 Untitled Image Illustration 37 TOWARDS PERFECTION. 37 HOKUSAI SPEAKS ON NEARING EIGHTY. Hokusai cre 37 AND AT NINETY. Hokusai cre 37 Untitled Image Illustration 37 WALDTEUFEL D. P cre 38 Untitled Image Illustration 38 MR. GORDON CRAIG AND BRITISH OPERA. 38 BOOK REVIEWS. 40-47 Untitled Image Illustration 40 THE NEW VARIORUM 40 SHAKESPEARE IN THE 18th 40 THE WORLD TO PLAY WITH 40 THE ARTISTS OF THE 1890's 40-41 THE THREE COUSINS by 41 MEMOIRS OF MADAME DE 41-43 LAZARUS LAUGHED. Engine 43 STAGE DECORATION by 43-44 LETTERS FROM JOSEPH 44 A HISTORY OF GARDEN ART 44-45 PUNCH AND JUDY, With an 45 LE THEATRE, LE CIRQUE, LE MUSIC-HALL ET LES PEINTRES DU XVIII SIECLE A NOS JOURS. Preface de Camille Mauclair. Flammarion, Paris, Price 70 francs. p. b cre 45-46 THE PLA YGOERIS 46 ELLELINE TERRISS by Herself 46 CHAMBERS ENCYCLOPAEDIA, 46 THE PIKE FISHER by Edward 46 rwinrmmr M ■ ■■■■■ ! I MIWHIHIIBIIHII I—nlIIWWIFRN———^ 46-47 LETTERS OF WOLFGANG 47 EDITORIAL NOTES OCTOBER: NOVEMBER: DECEMBER 47 Untitled Image Illustration 47 ON TAKING RISKS IN THE 47 E Y E S O F YOUTH. 47 o BRITISH. o 47 Untitled Image Illustration 47 LAST WORDS. 48 A 1500 PLAN OF VENICE. 48 Untitled Image Illustration 48 MORE HUMBUG ABOUT 48 Untitled Image Illustration 48 RUSSIAN BLINDNESS Mr. GORDON CRAIG SENDS US THE FOLLOWING LETTER and NOTE. J.S. Yours sincerely V. N. POLOVTSEV Plenipotentiary Representative of the Russian Red Cross USSR cre 48 mtmmmmmmmmKmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmamammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmtmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmm E. G. C cre 48 Untitled Image Illustration 48 MORE HIGHBROW FUN. 48 I. Plan of l'euice 1500. Illustration 49 II. Plan of Venice 1500. Illustration 51 III. Plan of Venice 1500. Illustration 53 IV. Plan of Venice 1500. Illustration 55 V. Plan of Venice 7500. Illustration 57 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 39 v' 'm i ; 4- ? */ m j . ■■ ■■ -- IWB*, rap r I i ■ 11 « /r a /-v v vI H /■ /VSB 9H HS H - B # »3 M ta ix. H |■lm/I M B mSS II I Im/I / m■ wnk Ml Hb wB IB vk.Jl Ji I I A 1 W I I % k I f St« MM Ma W JML JL JEk A, Jfev; J&amp;1-. ' I VOLUME FOURTEEN. NUMBER FOUROCTOBER-NOVEMBER-DECEMBER19 2 8 *-v-.ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION EDITION DE LUXETEN SHILLINGS R|CE A TWENTY SHILLINGS(POST FREE) (POST FREE)° °TWO &amp; A HALF DOLLARS FIVE DOLLARSFOR AMERICA FOR AMERICAADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE. ITALY.anmrrri —^M^rrjr^lTJ ff^¥ -Tffr- r--mm- n, ) i iiir RI lIW IF-iiinini IMIMIII ■» ■MIHM THE MASK. OCTOBER-DECEMBER 1928 NOTICE TO CON T PdBlJ TORS. The Editor is always glad to consider articles and illustrations fromexperts in theatre history and art, which result from special research or personal experience• Where stamped■and addressed envelopes are included, every effort will be made to return in due course rejected contributions :but in no circumstances can he hold himself responsible for safe custody or return. All articles should betypewritten.Address: The Editor: " The Mask Box 444, Florence, Italy. THE MASK1928 THE MASK19 0 8 19 2 8 All Rights reserved. December 1928.Direttore responsabile Antonio Maraini.Tipografia G inn lin a, Firenze. ■THE MASK 1928 THE MASK 1928. THE MASK 1928. THE MASK 1928. THE MASK 1928. | WHO WILL QUICKLY SUPPLY YOU WITH "THE MASK". ||lnNl n O N LIVERPOOL. 1 COPENHAGEN IF mm ruM&lt;~c c r i Messrs M. Grant 8c Son. Bluhmes Boghandel3REAMS BUILDINGS, E. 4. 88c 9 The Arcade. Lord St. Kobmagergade 38Messrs W. Dawson 8c Sons. CTCD Engelsen &amp; SchroderCannon House. j\lA.!NGrlll.is 1 L.t\. Frederiksberee 15CHARING CROSS ROAD. Mr Charles H. Barber. 1 j. Messrs Danielson, No. 64. 5 St. Ann Street. AMERICA.I Mr. F. Henderson, No. 76. Messrs Simpson 8c Dickens. NIFYX/ YORKh v!r' p' eaumont' sv°' 11' 59 Cross Street. Brentano's. 1 West 47t'h St. ICHARLES STmHAYMARKLT" OXFORD. Gotham Book Mart. ICHARLES SI. HA rMAKK.fc.I. Basil Blackwell. 51, West 47th St.i 1 Messrs Bickers 8c Son. , c ~, , - c n l l _1 cDi iRv ct c; W 50 8c 51 Broad Street. Washington Square Bookshop.EBUKY St. O. W. ■ 27 West Bth StM^3!sS^°"e.r g Jr*W' IRELAND - Drama Book Shop. 23West 47th St.I L IT' , 111 I DUBLIN j. B. N«um.n». 35 W,u 57,h 3,. I14 South St. E. C. 2. Messer Hodges &amp; Figgis funw,£e 5' E" 4*'hPATERNOSTER ROW. 20 Nassau St. A"ier'fan La„rilto'y ,y r Of L »KT Q ——— I J OOOK SnOD ** Z2.. 1 dSt 7 4tll{Messrs Hunter &amp; Longhurst. No. p. |—» Dr^cnr/^M| Messrs Simpkin. Marshall. 1 EUROPE . IPICCADILLY. Pr nRPMPF Smith 6C McCance.Hatchards, 187, Piccadilly. c , T L 5 Ashburton Hace&lt;I PORTUGAL STREET. Seeber. 21 Via Tornabuoni. CHICAGO. IMessrs W. H, Smith 6c Son. I JVIIL.ANO. Brentano's, Wabash near Adams,Strand House. Treves. 64 Galleria Vitt. Eman. The Walden Book Shop.QUEEN STREET. 410 Michigan Avenue North;Messrs Jones &amp; Evans. R O IVI A • &amp; 301 Plymouth Court.TRAFALGAR SQUARE. Libreria " Modernissima " q RVELAND OHIOMessrs Stevens &amp; Brown No. 4. delle Convertite RichardLaukhuff. 40Tlylor Arcade. IWIGMORh b1 . Treves, Galleria di Piazza Colonna. DLJII A nci DLJI AMessrs Glaishers. Libreria Liberma. 37 Via Ludovisi. * rll/\#BIRMINGHAM. PARIS.Cornish Bros. 39 New St. Brentano's. The Palette Book Shop.BRISTOL 37 Avenue de l'Op&amp;a. 3735 Spruce Street.$ Messrs James Fawn &amp; Son. Galignani's. 224 Rue de Rivoli. LOS ANGELES.4? Oueen s Road Shakespeare 8c Company. McManus 8c Morgan. I IMessrs J. Baker &amp; Son. 12 Rue de L'Odfon. 712 Heliotrope Drive.; The Mall. Clifton. g BERLIN. SAN FRANCISCO.CAMBRIDGE. 1 I Gropius'sche Buchhandlung. Paul Elder 6c o. 239 Lost. St.Messrs Bowes &amp; Bowes. |90 Wilheimstr w 66 TORONTO (CANADA). IIi J. B. Neumann. Graphisches TI -r Faton rG|: EDINBURGH. I Kabinett. Luetzowstr 32. Book DeparLent.Robert Grant 8c Son. 126 Princes St. | ~1 MUNCHEN- JAPANGLASGOW.! | | J- B- Neumann. Graphites J *Messrs John Smith |Bc Son Ltd. Kabinett. Barerstrasse 46. 1 )J'57 &amp; 61 Vmcent St- AMSTERDAM. 1M 6 Nihonbashi, Tori-Sanchome.HASTINGS. Scheltema &amp; Holkema. J MFXICOBrooker 6c Savile. 16 Robertson St. Rokm 74-76. Misrachi AgendaHULL. HAARLEM. Avenida Juvarez 10Poetry Book Shop. 48 Pryme St. J. H. De Bois. Kruisweg 68. Mexico, D. 1 ./ .'*w" {.*'i, ».v / VV," •• jjr - ' »v- ■ . . '**. LONDON REPRESENTATIVE FOR ADVERTISEMENTS &amp; ORDERS.MR. T. JOHN GLOVER. 61 CHANCERY LANE. NDON.THE MASK PUBLISHERS. BOX 444, FLORENCE ITALY. I p '*' c, v&lt; v*  &gt; -Vrar;"-■■*• '• •.; ; 'S'^vaBSKHIri ■ i** IPti- fij| J THINKS WHAT IT SAYS AND THINKS j jl| THE PASSING OF A GREAT MASTER, MAESTRO ENRICO CECCHETTI, His services to the Ballet, with many personal memo- I /T .1 IV/ T*&gt; , ries, by Cyril W. beaumont.TWO BOOKS, being considerations on Bri- X tisH Inertia and Russian Activity in the Thea- tre, and on Mr. Louis N. Parker, Dr. Joseph Gregor and Dr. Fulep Miller, by Ma che. ' 1 'HE LIBRARY OF A COMEDIAN ;J. P. X HARLEY 1786-1858, by Paul McPharlin. SOME TECHNICAL SECRETS OF 16THCENTURY SCENOGRAPHY from theBook of Nicola Sabbattini, 1638.PARIS 1928. Folies Berg&amp;res and Highb rows,by p. b.TWO DRAMATISTS, And A Great NameForgotten, by E. G. C.BRITISH OPERA, SIR THOMAS BEE- CHAM &amp; MR. GORDON CRAIG, ILLUSTRATIONS SIX LARGE SECTIONS OF A MAGNIFICENT PLAN OFVENICE 1500OF WHICH THE REMAINING SIX PLATES WILL APPEAR NEXT QUARTERA PORTRAIT OF MAESTRO ENRICO CECCHETTI. DIAGRAMS OF SIX- TEENTH CENTURY SCENIC DEVICES LITERARY CONTENTS. SHAKESPEARE, STRATFORD ON AVON AND ABRITISH ARTIST . J. S I . 139TWO BOOKS 142THE PASSING OF A GREAT ARTIST . . . Cyril W Beaumont . . , .146THE LIBRARY OF A COMEDIAN, J. P. HARLEY . Paul McPharlin 154EXTRACTS FROM THE PRACTICE OF MAKING II I ISCENES AND MACHINES IN THEATRES . . Nicola Sabbattini. . I. .162PARIS 1928 . , . p.f. 169TWO DRAMATISTS E. G. C 170TOWARDS PERFECTION Hokusai 171WALDTEUFEL D. P. . 1 172BRITISH OPERA: AN OPEN LETTER TO SIRThOMAS BEECHAM ...... Gordon Craig . . . . .172A NOTE ON THE PLAN OF VENICE. J. S 182BOOK REVIEWS AND EDITORIAL NOTES. ILLUSTRA MAESTRO ENRICO CECCHETTI Plate 21, Face 139SIX PLATES OF A PLAN OF VENICE, 1500 . . . . ■ 182FIVE DIAGRAMS FOR SCENIC MECHANISM . . Nicola Sabbattini , . Page 162-168THREE SILHOUETTES. ...... Daniel Nicholas Chodowiecki. n 142, 146,135Head and Tail Pieces from old and modern Designs. MAESTRO ENRICO CECCHETTI. Plate 21. SHAKESPEARESTRATFORD, AND A BRITISH ARTIST. J. S. THAT excellent monthly magazine " The Shakespeare Review"edited by A. K. Chesterton has in its third number a veryblithering article on " The Mask ".We say blithering, for we find it the essence of goodmanners to use such terms about our adversaries. It's Parliamentary,and what could be more of a standard than the language used in suchan exalted spot.Having said as much, we will revert to the use of language more.comprehensible to our good friends at Stratford; for, dash it all, wecan't quarrel seriously with them."THE MASK'S" ATTACK ON STRATFORDO BY THE EDITOR ois printed across the cover." The sincerity of " The Mask " is open to grave question " writesMr. A, K. Chesterton.Mr. A. K. Chesterton is wrong there. Open at all kinds of un- guarded spots, but not in the matter of sincerity. It's sincere enough.It didn't and it doesn't like to see England at Stratford being proppedup by any foreign nation. For if England would only stand square- ly to its best men, all would be well. The collection of men in the Stratford-upon Avon Theatre schemeis not representative though good names figure on its prospectuses.All would be well, for example, if either of the first three producersof English birth were placed in power on the stage at Stratford-upon-Avon. All would not be ill if the " Shakespeare Review " could notfind it possible to reproach " England's really great men of letters "for not " lifting a little finger to help the drama in this country ".They do their best. They write as good plays as is in their power.Who in England can write better. That's lifting, not merely a littlefinger, but making a big income too, always an admirable after-thought.In the course of his excellent article Mr. A. K. Chesterton saysthat " the Stratford-upon-Avon oil fields have yet to be discovered ".Possibly; but he will hardly deny that the recent discovery of thenew spring of clean fresh water will be helpful to the Flower Brewery,that Brewery which does not exactly spell ruin.Fresh water makes better Beer; better Beer needs advertising, andthis whole Shakespeare excitement at Stratford-upon-Avon is to provequite the big advertisement that was looked for. " ' The Mask's' attack ... is not only mean and captious, butimpudent as well" writes Mr. A. K. Chesterton. He adds that it isimpudent because it censures " the actions of men who have devotedthe better part of their lives to furthering the interests of the Theatre ".Well, we should never have guessed that. " The better part oftheir lives " and to only achieve so little. We are sorry.Sorry because we could name some ten men in England who arenot at work at Stratford, who have achieved more for the Theatre, andwho have never been called to Stratford to show them there how todo it.No, no, the Stratford-upon-Avon scheme is a little thing and seemsto wish to remain so.Obviously the right man to do this job was . . . but no, we shallbe held to be currying favour with Gordon Craig if we say more.But what fiddlesticks it all is. Of course he is the only man forthat job. Made for it and it for him, and again the timidity of a com- mittee has missed its chance.Mr. Craig may object to this and may point out that he is freerworking as he is. Whether this be so or not does not particularly concern us. Whatwe are trying to keep in view are the essentials:...1. Shakespeare.2. The British Theatre.3. The best British artist to produce.4. The British spirit somehow to rouse up in Stratford.And if American and other foreign money is used, if third-rate produ- cers are employed, neither Shakespeare nor the old British spirit canpossibly flourish at Stratford-upon-Avon.I For the heart of the whole thing is the stage of the Stratford-upon-I Avon Theatre.But a series of silly productions, tame to boredom, such as we aregiven there, can only once more convince all England that Shakespeare is vastly over-rated, out-of-date, and a bit of a nuisance. TWO BOOKS. A SILHOUETTE BY CHODOWIECKI. SEVERAL OF MY LIVES BY LOUIS N. PARKER. THE author writes a lively book, buthe quite unnecessarily bewails thedisaster which has fallen on the stage bythe loss of our old friends Waller, Tree,Willard and Alexander ;—44 No one totake their place " he cries, which is cor- rect but immoderately gloomy, and neededa word more to make it clear and morecorrect.Everyone grieves for good friends goneand good artists no longer at work.No one ever will fill Mr. Parker'splace ; even if a new Sheridan came hewould not fill the place occupied by Mr.Parker perhaps not even attempt to.Each man of talent as he comes alongfinds an empty place to fill and fills it;and so to bewail is to seem to be tryingto make trouble.It can be only seeming in Mr. Par- ker's case, we may be sure, but it isnone the less a pity.Ihe English stage appears to be goingon in the usual way away in whichit has gone on since Sheridan died orsince Canute was king, or still furtherback.Much of Mr. Parker's bitterness comesfrom bothering to suppose that "peo- .pie sneer at the Victorians. 44 Oh Gol- ding " he writes, 44 I am so sick ofhearing the Victorians sneered at "• Buthe isn't always praising them himself...:I would, for example, have valued hispraise of Irving, Ellen Terry, J. L. Toole,Grossmith and a couple of dozen moreof those same Victorians. I find not aword.I would have liked to have read afew appreciative lines on at least fifty,people of today whose spirit is Victorianin the best sense and I find not evena bare word. All I find is rather curiousblind innocence that they ever existed. Well, then.%But it's a chatty book and is writtenin the stage-memoir style, and needed onlya few illustrations in colour by RaphaelTuck to make it just the happiest of la- mentations published for quite a long time.'Mr. Parker hasn't a good word tosay for the New Movement in the Theatre.In this Parker is like Harker, and it isunlikely that any of the members of thatmovement will rouse themselves to enthu-.siastically acclaim him as a particularlyjolly good fellow.Expression of sympathy,— kindness even,and a wish to not misunderstand any goodin things being done breeds the same thingin others.Mr. Parker isn't particularly kindly orsympathetic. Yes, he is of the Jose pbHarker type. Honest, doubtless, but witha grudge against all in the New Movements So get his book at once. It willshow you just what 1 mean ; you 11 feelit surely enough when you come to thesection dealing with the stage.wn inwwß—»i jiiamj—-L.jLM—jLLMi I_M_J-UJL_HJ j i uiiifimMLaiiMiii —■—»■»»■"■ »■' liiwwtiTT" (1) Chapman and Ha?! Ltd. 21/- net. DAS RUSSISCHES THEATER BY JOSEPH GREGOR ANDRENE FULEP-MILLER. (1) MR. Parker, his mind fixed on a smallpart of the globe, bent on thosestreets which run from Piccadilly Circusto Fleet Street, horribly insular and notat all National, envious of those who hehas heard are doing things to bring abouta new Theatre in England, or ignorantof these,... Mr. Parker depresses. On theother hand, Dr. Gregor and Dr. Millerexhilerate.Not that they bring out a big bookon " Das Englische Theater " for it'snot yet quite time to do that. But theybring one out on the Russian Theatre,and they talk sense and are not jocular:ithey come to the whole matter as seriously;as we like to think it deserves.They understand a good deal moretth&amp;n does Mr. Parker of what is takingthe place filled once by " Waller, Tree,Willard and Alexander ".—" No one totake their place " wails Mr. Parker. Anidea created by a few men takes theirplace and spreads far and wide, say Dr.Gregor and Dr. Miller, although unfortu- nately they do not refer to Tree, to Willard,to Alexander or to Waller.On the other hand they do not failto speak of some English-speaking artists,.... of Maugham, Craig or Bel Geddes,Chesterton, and Jones, and, in fact, someof all lands: of some Germans, Stern, Roller,Reinhardt; of Claudel, Strindberg, Antoine; but of none of that cosy little crowd knownto Mr. Parker and considered by him asto be " the be all and the end all here ".This is rather a blow: rather dashingto that gloomy group which prefers towhine that there is no one now as goodas those wonderful men of the Victorianage instead of manfully saying there aresome just as good. To do that wouldcall for two things from the group: firsthonestly looking the truth in the face, andthen admitting the truth of what we sayand have said for years.Not Mr. Parker alone but others havedone and still do too much harm to theBritish theatre to be any longer excused fortheir indifference to one of the most im- portant movements which has ever cometo wake up the European stage inwhich we hope the British stage may beincluded as part.And the Russians have contributedperhaps more than any other nation to- wards this awakening.They have wanted things to go on,and not like Mr. Parker, or the late Mr.William Archer, who have wanted things,to stay still, or Mr. Bernard Shaw whowants to be the one to have stopped them.The result is the Russian Theatrepeople have for twenty years or morebeen given every opportunity to exercise,to keep in training and to excel ; theEnglish Theatre people have been givenpractically no opportunity.Who doubts that Mr. Basil Dean, totake the first name that comes handy,would have done as well, say, as M. Tai- roff had he received the same support andbeen given opportunity to exercise, andkeen-witted appreciation during the process.But London doesn't play the gamesometimes and this is one of those times.In Russia the theatre developed longbefore the Soviet came into being; but the Tsars had not much to do with thedevelopment.It was the result of an appreciationof intelligence, common sense; and it wasa state of serious belief amongst the artists,and the spectators and critics were notlate in welcoming the result.In London scepticism is rife a se- rious belief in things amongst the artists inthe Theatre no longer exists.If it had existed Gordon Craig wouldnow be the head of Drury Lane : BasilDean would rule at His Majesty's ; Bar- ker would be back at the Court Theatre,and Sir Barry Jackson playing to packedhouses down in Birmingham.Each city in England would have itspermanent repertory playhouse and beexperimenting towards worth while things:whereas, thanks to the deadly spirit voicedby these sceptical writers of books likeSeveral of My Lives " and " Studioand Stage " (Harker), merry in sound andsceptical in heart, we have no experiment,no public welcoming our best men, and aclerk from Harrod's has the disastrousaudacity to pretend he can adequately fillthe seat vacated by Garrick, Kean andIrving at Drury Lane. I refer to theable business man, Sir Alfred Butt. (1) Amalthea Verlag. (Wien) W'th 357 black and~ white and 48 colour illustrations. Price 70 marks. Bound*85 marks. RUSSIAN ACTIVITY THIS book, which lays before Europemost of the stage work of Moscowand Leningrad is too full of good thingsfor anyone to review it in a single article.We in England have seen the RussianBallet, and a branch of the Moscow ArtTheatre has been to London. But thereare several other theatres energeticallydoing good things.The 405 plates show us something ofwhat has been done, although to under- stand the fuil result one would have to visit each of the theatres or studios whichhave done them.1. Ihe Moscow Art Theatre and its .several " Studio Theatres " with theirsixty or seventy productions.2. Ihe Little Theatre.3' The Russian Ballet with its thirtyor forty productions.4. The Studio of Bakst and MissRubinstein.5. The Studio of Mme. Gontscharovaand Larionoff.6. The experimental Theatres of Le- ningrad ; there are some seven or more.7. Mayerhold's Theatres.8. Tairoff's Theatre with his host ofclever actors, actresses, managers and de- signers.9. The Habema Theatre.These nine large sections of the Rus- sian theatre have established a standard.Why the devil do you members of theBritish public allow the Parkers ofthis earth to sneer away our standard? such a waste of time, for we have continuallyto reestablish it. In 1 900 we had alreadybegun work, but, while you have accep- ted some of our work the lighterthings, ..." The Beggars Opera" ... anda few Revues in which faint echoes ofour British work were to be heard, you :so over-enthused about these that you ■exhausted yourselves over them.Tne Russian artists do not cease tryingto advance : the Russian public does notcease trying to follow its best, its most :serious, artists : pretty good, this.And if at times a Benois exceeds allgood sense and taste in a thing like his •decor for " Le Malade imagmaire ", if he fails to understand Moliere and that17th century stage, he anyhow knowsthat his own public and his own Theatrefolk are not going to sceptically damn.him for all time for his slip. Benois shows up well in this book.His design for 44 Le Club des Cordeliers "'Napoleon film, 1925, is not oniy a beau- tiful drawing reminding one a little ofRolandson; it is essentially good cinema.His drawings for 44 La Dame auxCamelias " seems to me not up to hismark.The fun of Dobuschinski's 44 LaTraviata " (Chauve-souris) belongs ratherto charade work than anything better, butas such is not bad, not very good. His44 Blue room for A month in the country "is a pretty drawing but is not comparablewith the same scene as presented by Sta- nislawsky from designs by the same ar- tist ; and his 44 Die Rauber " is dull.Bakst is as effective as any of thedesigners but does not seem ever to havequite got to grips with the stage; he israther inclined to 101 l round it behavingbrilliantly when asked to do somethingwhich is direct and sensible. This doesnot mean to say that he was not headand shoulders above Joseph Harker.Somehow or other Mme. Gontscharowais twice as penetrating ; and now andaaain she indeed dares to be more seriousOthan most of them.Schukajeff likes to enjoy himself, and1 don't think I enjoy Poschedajeff orT schelischeff.A Exter is wide awake and doubt- less Tairoff derives much from his genius:yet if 1 were a stage manager I hardly think1 should engagp Mr. Exton.... but he iswide awake. A. Wesmn is not onlyawake ; he seems not to fear lest heshould go to sleep. Exter is too noisyto allow anyone to dream of such a thing,—which, after all, is possibly a goodthing since fat men and women will goto the theatre for half an hour's snooze.Fomina interests me, and 1 wonderwhether his model for 44 Galilei " No. 223 derives at all from a design in 44 TheMask" 1908.But all this merely refers to thoseinspiring helpful designers who in the lasttwenty-eight years or so have poured inat the stage door of the Russian Theatreand been warmly welcomed. INTELLIGENCE. Ma che. A SILHOUETTE BY CHODOWIECKI. WHERE was I ? ....oh yes, " warmlywelcomed ".They were welcomed by the actorsand producers and stage managers. Every- one was happy about it, not glum not sceptical - not damned indifferent.And when we turn the pages of thisbook and come across the portraits °fAlice Koonen and Zenaida Mayerholdwe see one of the reasons why.Here are intelligent women.Turning more pages we come to wholegroups of actors and actresses and we seehow they are trying seriously to absorball the intelligences have to offer andhow well they succeed in this.No Russian actors try to 4 queer 'things because they are strange to them:—they have moral courage and go to meetdifficulties. It is this moral courage whichhas won the Russian stage the first placein the European Theatre today.Without any fear the actors workhard to adapt themselves to an idea : ifa scene looks odd they adapt to it andbecome part of the oddness. Criticism ofit would seem to their fellow workers aspetty as it is suicidal : and hence theRussian stage is living whilst ours is ... notin the very best of health.(Matrunin, by the way, is a cleverfellow. Chaliapine has a studio theatre forwhich Matrunin works).I was once in Russia and attendedsome rehearsals of a Russian play. The4 actors were quite the most seriously be- haved men and women I have ever seenat work. It took them sometimes a longtime to arrive at what they were aimingfor : but they never gave up trying, nordid they cackle, or sulk or talk disloyally.I never once saw them go on strikementally. Far too proud: what weonce called too British :. (Leuterloff isanother clever fellow).Many are the theatres and artists Icannot even refer to here ; but one and allhave that courage I spoke of, are withoutscepticism, and are, as a rule, essentiallytheatrical. Mayerhold, lam told, has genius.In all this excellent work and passio- nate love of going on, of pushing on, Ifind a tendency to things rather thanto grow them.I don't know how it is, but lamnot altogether happy at the Russian Thea- tre : I'm not happy as lam when I havea work of fine art to read, to look at orto hear.How's this ?Well, a fine art is a fine art and therean end of it : and not yet in any landis the theatre even entering the conditionnecessary to enter, before it can become a fine art. THE PASSING OFA GREAT ARTIST BY CYRIL W. BEAUMONT. A SILHOUETTE BY CHODOWIECKI. T'HE world of dancing is in deep mourning,for its most noted personality, the Cav. En- rico Cecchetti, who died during November atMilan.His father Cesare Cecchetti was a cele- brated dancer and chor his motherSerafina Casagli was a premiere danseuse ofrepute. On the night of June 21, 1850, afterdancing, at the Tordinona Theatre, Rome,she was taken ill in her dressing-room andthere gave birth to a child who some dayslater was christened Enrico. When the mo- ther was well enough to return to the theatre,the baby accompanied her; and during theintervals when she was not dancing, she fedand comforted it until the hour arrived toreturn home.When the boy was five, his parents weredancing at Genoa. The repertory includedRota's II Giocatore, in which the young Cec- chetti made a brief appearance as an actor.The ballet concerns a gambler who, havinglost everything, returns to the room where hiswife and child are sleeping, to seek for somearticle that he may stake in the hope of re- trieving his fortunes. The wife awakens, begsher husband not to go and in final entreatyplaces her child across the threshold. Butthe gambler, desperate, throws the child tothe mother, who catches it in her arms. Thechild was then supposed to weep. But onenight, the mother—played by Signorina Santa- licante—failed to catch the boy, and he fellon the stage bumping his nose so that it bled.The audience, not knowing this to be anaccident, thought the child's tears so naturalthat there were repeated " callsSoon after this episode Cecchetti accom- panied his father and mother on a tour toAmerica, they having been engaged as mem- bers of a company organised by a dancer- impresario called Ronsani. On the company'sreturn to Italy, Cecchetti's father was engagedat the Victor Emmanuel Theatre, Turin, tostage four productions a year. He wrote manyballets such as The Miller, Christopher -lumhus and The Mysteries of Paris.The early eighteen-sixties provided many important dates in the history of Italy; therise of Garibaldi, the defeat of the PapalStates at Castelfidardo, the crowning of VictorEmmanuel—all this atmosphere of warlike ex- citement inspired the lad with a wish to becomea soldier. He was divided between this newpassion and his inherent desire to be a dancer.It was about this time that Cecchetti's pa- rents decided that it was high time he beganhis education and so he was sent to Fermo.There, however, he spent most of his timetrying to turn pirouettes, greatly to the envyof his school-fellows. He remained a year atthis school; then his father, displeased at hisprogress, brought him home.When Cecchetti was thirteen, a secondeffort was made to improve his education andthis time he was sent to a school at Florence.Soon after his arrival some breach of disci- pline was committed in the class and themaster pitched on Cecchetti as the culprit.Despite his protestations of innocence, he wassoundly caned. Enraged at such injustice,he picked up an inkpot and hurled it atthe master. Then he dashed out of the class- room and ran home, where he poured outhis woes to his father.The parents began to lose heart at thisnew set-back to their plans, for they had in- tended him for the legal profession. But toall their cajolings and reproaches he repliedsimply that he wished to dance. So at lasthis father sent him to the Academy of Dan- cing at Florence, presided over by GiovanniLepri, a former pupil of the celebrated CarloBlasis.Lepri was a good teacher who inspiredhis pupils to put forth their best efforts by ajudicious blend of praise and disparagement.Cecchetti, now in his element, worked withall his might; and when Lepri gave his littleannual ballets, that his pupils might displaytheir progress, he danced several pas de deuxwith his sister Pia When sixteen, he dancedat the PagHano Theatre in his father's balletNicolo di La pi.This appearance led to a series of engage- ments at small towns. At nineteen he dancedfor a season with his father, mother and sister,and the year following made his debut at LaScala, Milan, on December 31. 1870. Thisvery nearly proved his undoing, owing to aseries of mishaps.He made his first entrance by springing out of a fiery cavern. To gain the necessaryimpetus he had to clutch a couple of wireswhich at a signal lifted him upwards andforwards ; then, at a certain moment he hadto let them go and alightgracefully to thestage. This moment had to be judged to anicety but, through nervousness and anxiety,he made a mistake and fell on his back. Alittle later he had to run close to the foot- lights, but the prompter's candle had droppedgrease, which the dancer failed to see; heslipped and a second time found himself onhis back. In the next act, just as he wasabout to begin his great number, which in- cluded a number of pirouettes, a terrific crashresounded through the house. It was an oilchandelier fallen behind the scenes and thefluid began to trickle over the boards. Therewas no time to draw back and Cecchetti,filled with misgivings, launched himself intohis dance, in the course of which he executedthirty-two " turns " in succession,-crossing fromone side of the stage to the other. This tour deforce was received with a storm of applause.From then onwards his career was oneof increasing fame. In the course of the nextfew years he visited Copenhagen, Norway,Holland, Germany and Austria. In 1874, hesigned a contract to dance at St. Petersburg,which he revisited several years in succession.During the engagements he fulfilled on hisreturn to Italy, he danced with a rising youngdancer named Giuseppina de Maria, who hadalso been a pupil of Lepri.Cecchetti first danced with her at theTeatro Nazionale, Florence, in II Figlio diCheope, and on a later occasion in Manzotti'sRolla. The exercise of their profession broughtthe young dancers into frequent association.A friendship grew up between them and ri- pened into love. They were married in Berlinon December 2, 1878.In 1885, we find Cecchetti as primo bal- lerina at La Scala, dancing with Emma Bessoneand Rosa Turri in Danesi's ballet Messalina,produced on January 4. A few weeks laterhe came to London with the prima ballerinaGiovannina Limido, to take part in the firstLondon production of Excelsior, a celebratedballet by Manzotti, first presented at the Scalaon January 11, 1881.The London production was staged at HerMajesty's Theatre on May 22. Though bothdancers were received with applause, the ballet at first did not take, through bad businessmanagement. Finally, it was taken over byCharles Hawtrey who had the theatre re-de- corated, and then re-opened with considerablepress publicity. A further attraction was addedin the person of Kate Vaughan, for whom apas seal was specially written, and, at last,the production began to draw.When the season was over, the companyreturned to Italy, where a new productionby Manzotti was in preparation at La Scala.This was Amor, produced on February 17,1886, in which the principal dancers wereAntonietta Bella, Marie Miiller, and Cecchetti.His wife took the part of principal mime.Amor attained 44 performances, and then Cec- chetti went to Fermo to produce a revivalof Excelsior.In 1887 he again appeared at La Scalain two new ballets by Manzotti: Rolla andNarenta, produced respectively on January 15and March 13. The prima ballerina in bothcases was Adelina Rossi. In the summer hecollected an Italian company and, with Mme.Limido as principal dancer and his wife asprincipal mime, he secured an engagement atthe Arcadia Theatre, St. Petersburg.The performance consisted of a ballet byCecchetti entitled Le Pouvoir de TAmourand a condensed version of Excelsior. Thesuccess of the latter fired the managers witha resolve to mount the whole ballet. But asthe smallness of the stage made this impos- sible, another of Manzotti's ballets, Sieba, waschosen. This season was most successful, andfrequently the audiences included the mostnoted Russian dancers. At the final perfor- mance, busts of Mme. Limido and Cecchettiwere placed on the stage and crowned withlaurels by Russian artistesAs a result of this triumph Cecchetti wasinvited to become a member of the ImperialTheatre in the capacities of premier danseurand professor of dancing, which he accepted.He made his first appearance at the Maryin- sky Theatre in The Tulip of Haarlem, ar- ranged by L. Ivanov, his partner being V. A.Nikitina. This was followed by L'Ordre deRoi, in which he danced with the famousVirginia Zucchi. His reception was a repe- tition of that accorded to him at the Arcadia.To appreciate the foil measure of this successit must be remembered that the Imperial Balletat this time had attained a standard of tech- nique and mimetic ability which, consideredin the mass, has probably never been equalledin the history of dancing, largely due to the.influence of the choregraphe Marius Petipa.During the next year, Cecchetti assistedin the revival of several old ballets, includingPerrot's Katarina, ou la Fille du Bandit. TheRussian engagement was very satisfactory toCecchetti, because it left him free in the sum- mer to accept other engagements. Paravic- cini, the agent for Blondin, who had seenCecchetti in Excelsior, secured his services forthe Empire, where he appeared in Rosed'Amour (1888), Orfeo (1891) and Versailles(1892), all of which ballets were arranged byMme. Katti Lanner.Among Cecchetti's creations in Russiaspecial mention must be made of his appea- rance in La Belle au Bois Dormant, pro- duced at the Maryinsky Theatre on January3,1890. In this he doubled the parts of Ca- rabosse and the Blue Bird. For two acts hewas a malignant, hump-backed v/itch withdragging gait; in the last he was a handsomeyouth who danced a Variation which has be- come a classic.In 1902, Cecchetti was offered the post ofdirector and maitre de ballet to the ImperialSchool of Ballet, Warsaw. It is probablethat, being so attached to St. Petersburg, hewould never have accepted this invitation, buthe had just quarrelled with a new director ofthe Maryinsky Theatre and sent in his resig- nation.The school at Warsaw was not in a goodway. Its development had been fettered byan official passion for economy. Cecchetti, how- ever, succeeded in obtaining an increasedgrant from St. Petersburg, and stimulated ahealthy rivalry by inviting some of the risingdancers at the Maryinsky, such as Pavlova, todance at Warsaw. From time to time, manyof the great dancers such as Kschesinskaia,Preobrajenskaia, Sedonva and Trefilova alsodanced there.In addition to his work as professor ofdancing, he produced a number of ballets ofhis composition, for instance After the Ball,Piplet and Eve.Fie remained in Poland forsome three years until, finding it difficult towork under the growing revolutionary tendency,he returned to Italy and settled in Turin*.There he gave lessons and sometimes went toMilan and Rome to superintend productions. Nevertheless, constantly haunted by hismemories of St. Petersburg, he decided toreturn there. Implored to give lessons, heopened a school and was soon as busy asever, training dancers and producing ballets atdifferent Russian towns.While on a visit to Moscow a friend took„ him to the theatre to see the debut of AnnaPavlova, who had not been trained by him.After the performance he was asked for hisopinion, which he gave with his usual frank- ness. The friend passed on his remarks tothe dancer who presently herself came to seehim. As a result of their conversation sheinvited him to become her sole teacher forthree years. He protested the claims of hisschool, but Pavlova made him a handsome. offer and, having formed a high opinion of herpossibilities, he accepted.In 1909 began the new ballet movementinstituted by Fokine, the progress of whichwas eagerly watched by Diaghilev and Be- nois. It was resolved to show Russian balletabroad. A company of dancers was formedand the first season given at Paris. The re- sult was so successful that Diaghilev beganU preparations for a second season, but in themeantime Pavlova had formed a company ofher own and he was left without a premieredanseuse. He asked Karsavina to take thisposition, but she did not wish to interrupt thelessons she was receiving from Cecchetti; thesame reason was pleaded when Diaghilevsought to obtain the services of certain otherdancers. This decided him to ask Cecchettito join his company, for he would then notonly secure the dancers he required, but alsoa maitre de ballet and mime of genius.Cecchetti's association with Diaghilev las- ted some fifteen years in all. During thistime he maintained the company's techniqueat a high standard, so that its members shouldI be fitted to meet the demands made uponthem in turn by Fokine, Nijinsky, Massine,Nijinska, and Balanchin. He strengthened" muscles and joints that had become weakthrough over use, and those who could barelyrise from the ground he taught to fly. Howmany dancers owe to his care that ease ofmovement which must be attained before the&lt; dancer can become an artist!. In 1913, his association with Diaghilevsuffered a short break, for he accompaniedPavlova on her American tour. But no sooner did he return than Diaghilev came to claimhim. Then the Great War broke out andthe company departed for South America.1 here is no space here to follow their wande- rings, their painful tours over Spain until, afterendless difficulties and hardships, they returnedto London in 1918, where a season had beenarranged at the Coliseum.At this time Cecchetti, weary of journey- ings by land and sea, decided to reside inLondon. He opened an Academy of Dan- cing in Maiden Lane which he presently trans- ferred to 160 Shaftesbury Avenue, wherehe continued to teach until 1923, when a suc- cession of aches and pains made him longfor the sun of Italy. Used as he was to thecold, dry air of Russia, the dampness of se- veral London winters had begun seriously toaffect his health, and he was not sufficientlycareful to protect his constitution. Often hewas so busy in his school that he workedfrom nine in the morning till six at night,subsisting on a banana and a few biscuits,no fit diet for a man over seventy.You are to imagine a visit to his arcanumof the dance.We go up a flight of narrow, well-wornstairs ; then along the landing at the end ofwhich is a door. We turn the handle andenter into a large rectangular room. Thereis no furniture, save at the far end oppositethe door. There, from right to left, is a piano,a fireplace, a large mirror, a revolving chair,another fireplace, a table on which stand vasesfilled with flowers and, lastly, a comfortablesettee. Along the three remaining walls runsa wooden bar. The walls are white with ablack skirting. The room is lighted by fourlarge windows covered for half their heightwith a glazed, transparent paper, patternedwith roses and their leaves. On the wallshang innumerable pictures of Karsavina, Pav- lova, Trefilova, Nijinsky and many others whosenames are the history of the Russian ballet.Presently maestro Cecchetti enters with arapid, impulsive step. He exchanges saluta- tions with a quick nod of his head and twinkleof his eyes. He doffs his coat, seats himself ina chair, takes in his right hand a thin Malaccacane with a curved handle and prepares forthe morning lesson.From an adjacent dressing-room streamforth a number of girls and young women ;some in vari-coloured tunics, others in the conventional ballet skirt. In turn they exchangekisses on both cheeks with the maestro andthe lesson begins with exercises at the bar,followed by centre practice and exercises onport de bras, adage and aliegre.The relation betv/een professor and pupilsis that of a father and his children, but themaestro is none the less exacting. He con- ducts the lesson with the discipline and rigourof a drill-sergeant. Whistling an appropriatemelody to each movement he emphasises thetime with vigorous taps of his cane, whichstrikes the floor with the precision of a me- tronome. From time to time he rises fromhis seat to correct the curve of an arm, theposition of a leg. His movements are expres- sive of his criticism. Skilful execution causesa faint smile to flicker over his lips ; he bowshis head, which continually nods with plea- sure. A careless movement and he springsupright with an angry shout, to let fly a streamof Italian words, the precise meaning of whichit would be unwise to guess at.When the Diaghiiev company made itsperiodical visits to London, both Cecchettiand his wife took those parts which they madefamous ; and the members of the troupe didnot fail to attend the classes in order to fur- bish up their technique.At six or half-past he would repair to hisabode, a first-floor flat above a tobacconist'sshop in Wardour Street, where an excellentmeal, prepared by his wife, invariably awaitedhim. The dining room, like his studio, ra- diated an air of homely comfort. By thewindow stood a piano, the top groaning underbronze statues of dancers, vases of flowers andpiles of music. The mantel piece was crow- ded with signed photographs of dancers.There were several comfortable chairs, a tablecovered with a chenille cloth and a massiveside-board on which gleamed bottles of wineand more vases of flowers. From the ceilingover the table hung a cluster of electric lampswhose illuminating power was positively blin- ding. Cecchetti, so long accustomed to theglare of the footlights, seemed to insist ona like brilliance in his home.Here I must insert a personal reminiscence.Since 1912 I have taken a great interestin the art of ballet. I cannot remember whenfirst I made Cecchetti's acquaintance and wasinvited to watch his classes; but I know thatfrom the very beginning I was profoundly im- pressed by the manner and spirit of his teach- ing which had a definite system, obviouslythe result of years of experience and cogita- tion, which required the harmonious develop- ment of the whole body. Furthermore, theresults were obvious, a school that could pro- duce dancers of the quality of Pavlova andNijinsky compelled admiration. And when Isaw this method applied to British materialwith remarkable results I felt it most desirablein the interests of dancing in general and ofa possible future British Ballet in particular,that the Cecchetti method should be preserved,for all time if possible.I consulted with Idzikowsky, one of hisbest pupils, in regard to my project, with aview to obtaining his assistance. He wasmuch interested and we made a beginning.But, as the work progressed, I must confessthat, more than once, I thought of abandoningthe whole project, the difficulties seemed in- superable. It took me hours to set down insimple language the most elementary move- ment, though Idzikowsky performed it innum- erable times; for it was necessary to see andkeep track of a dozen things at once: theposition of the head, the poise of the body,the grouping and movement of the arms, legsand feet.... the details seemed endless. Thenin due course Idzikowsky had to go abroadwith the Diaghiiev Company and I was leftto myself. We tried to continue by corres- pondence, but this was not altogether satisfac- tory.One day I spoke to Cecchetti of the bookin hand. He was greatly interested and of- fered to supervise and assist, that the bookmight be brought to a completion. And so,whenever he had a free evening, I used togo and work with him from seven till mid- night. For more than two years the workstruggled on and at last it was finished.I shall always remember those evenings atWardour Street. Both Cecchetti and his- wife were kindness personified. They hadnothing of the lofty airs and graces whichcharacterise petty talents; every visitor, whethershe were a little child learning her five posi- tions or a premiere danseuse of internationalreputation, received the same genial welcome.No sooner did one cross the threshold thanMadame would proffer a box of chocolates or- a jar of biscuits, or Cecchetti would pour outa glass of Vermouth. Then he would talk while Madame sat sewing by the fire ; andpresently their cat, Mami, would scramble upon the table and listen with eager ears andwise eyes.Few teachers can have been more lovedby their pupils than was Cecchetti. He wasalways ready to play father-confessor to themall. They sought his advice on both privateand business affairs, and, leaning back, withhands together and fingers touching in theclassical pose of Sherlock Holmes marshallinghis deductions, he would deliver judgmentlike a second Solomon. He was always plain- spoken and those who had not known himlong and sought his sympathy in regard forsome misdeed were speedily disillusioned.His criticism on dancing was equallyblunt. If a dancer's work pleased him hewould say " C'est bien but if it did not,it was termed " horrible ! " He preferredthe technique of the classical ballet to all otherstyles and deeply resented any attempt to de- part from its great traditions. 1 he variousefforts made from time to time to direct cho- regraphy into new channels excited his deri- sion, as witness his reply to Diaghilev, whenasked for his opinion of Nijinsky's productionof Le Sacre de Prinkmps." I think the whole thing has been doneby four idiots. First: M. Stravinsky, whowrote the music. Second: M. Roehrich, whodesigned the scenery and costumes. Third:M. Nijinsky who composed the dances.Fourth: M. Diaghilev, who wasted his moneyon it.So far as work on the book was concerned,the conversation was mostly in French, whileI made my notes in English. Now and againCecchetti would be at a loss for a word andgive its equivalent in Russian or Italian whichI could follow seldom. Things did not alwaysproceed smoothly, for he had a quick temperand at the shortest notice would fly in such arage that, literally, lightnings seemed to flashfrom his eyes. But the storm generally endedas quickly as it had begun, to be accompa- nied by a smile of such beauty that all diffe- rences were at once forgotten.Sometimes, generally towards ten o'clock,his head would nod and he would fall asleep;fifteen minutes later he would wake up and- calmly take up the conversation at the exactpoint it had been broken off. One feature ofthese evenings was a cup of black coffee made by Cecchetti himself, of such potency that itaffected one like an electric shook.From time to time, in the explanation of amovement, Cecchetti would recall the move- ments of one or other of the countless dancershe had known ; this would lead to anecdotesof some phase of his theatrical life which hewould relate with rare gusto. On such oc- casions it was easy to imagine what magnifi- cent performances the actors of the Ccmmeaiadell'Arte must have given. A wink, a sniff,a pursing of the lips, a scratching of the ear,a tapping of the nose could, in his hands,supply all the elements for the telling of atale without words.At this time he was a little below me- dium height and in figure not unlike a slighterversion of Mr. Pickwick. His back was broad,but a little rounded. He had a fine largehead, fairly covered with white hair which hewore close-cropped. He was, however, some- what bald where the crown met the fore- head. His plump, clean shaven features werethe colour of old ivory, save for a slight rud- diness at the cheek-bones. His eyes wereblue-grey, very bright and alert like those ofa bird, and they sparkled with a fatherly be- nevolence or a whimsical air of mockery, ac- cording to his mood.The baldness 1 have mentioned seems tohave come upon him at an early age, for thisis clearly shown in a photograph of him takenat the time of his performing in Amor. Pos- sibly it was the outcome of the continuedwearing of theatrical wigs. This same pho- tograph shows him wearing a moustache asdancers did in those days.The Cecchetti method of training havingbeen committed to paper, it seemed to memost desirable that some society should beformed to propagate it and explain its meritsto dancers and teachers who might be inte- rested. 1 discussed the matter with a numberof well-known British dancers who had beentrained in his school and in 1922 the Cec- chetti Society was formed. The committeeconsisted of Margaret Craske, Derra de Mo- roda, Ninette de Valois, Jane Forestier,Mollie Lake and myself, with Maestro andMme. Cecchetti as President and Vice-Pre- sident. The Society, which amalgamatedwith the Imperial Society of Teachers of Dan- cing in 1924, is still very much alive andanyone who seeks justification for its existence has only to study the record of its achieve- ments.It is rare that an artist has achievedworld-wide renown in more than one branchof his art, but Cecchetti was a fine dancer,a mime of genius and undoubtedly the grea- test teacher of the age in the technique of theclassical ballet.As an artist he is best known in thiscountry for the many roles created by himduring his long association with the DiaghilevCompany. How well one remembers hisGrand Eunuch in Scheherazade, his Pantalonin Le Carnaval, his Kostchei in L'Oiseau deFeu, his Magician in Pe his Marquisdi Lucca in The Good-Humoured Ladies andhis Shopkeeper in La Boutique Faniasque.The first was a doddering old man whowaddled to and fro, his fat pendulous cheekscreased in a fatuous smile. Do you rememberthe rapacious joy with which he fondled themass of jewels which was the price of hisreleasing the negro slaves; then his terror atthe return of the Shah, the rolling eyeballs,the horrible writhings of his body as four ofthe eunuchs choked out his life ?The second was a brisk, agile, pompouslittle man in fawn coat and yellow trouserswith a single green stripe down each side;so conceited, so much a man of the worldthat he suggested he had but to twirl hiswaxed moustache to bring any lady to his feet.The third was a mighty enchanter, withscaly limbs and claw-like hands ; a demonpossessed of the power to turn to stone anythat dared to enter his domains.The fourth was half-magician, half-show- man, v/ho caused three puppets to danceto the strains of his flute. Do you re- member how cruel he was to Petrouchka,and how, when Petrouchka was killed by theMoor, he dispelled the growing suspicion ofthe crowd that murder had been done, by re- ducing the prostrate figure to a thing of woodand sawdust ?The fifth was a nobleman of the eighteenthcentury, old and deaf, precise and courteous,who walked a little unsteadily, possibly fromtwinges of the gout. But his vision was neverso dulled but what it lighted up at the spec- tacle of a rosy-cheeked maid or a dusty bottleof wine.The sixth was a round figure in whitedrill and panama hat, in turn obsequious and bullying to his customers, exciting their curio- sity by a hundred gestures and suggestions ofever greater marvels to come, the while hebounced from one to the other with all theresiliency of a rubber ball; the whole cha- racter was conceived in such a spirit of quaint- ness and fun as to be inimitable.1 recall one very affecting occasion whenThe Sleeping Princess, an adaptation of LaBelle au Bois Dormant, was given at theAlhambra Theatre, London, on January 5,1922.On that night Cecchetti appeared for one per- formance only in the part of Carabosse, whichhe had created thirty-two years previously.This was in celebration of the fiftieth anni- versary of his public career.Some days previously a deputation fromthe company asked me to prepare for themsome brief address to Cecchetti which allcould sign. 1 planned a vellum scroll to beheaded with portraits in water-colour of Cec- chetti in his most famous roles, below thiscame a short address, the precise phrasing ofwhich I forget. The scroll was laid betweentwo pieces of silk, the lower green, the up- per red.My friend Schwabe painted the figures,while the text was written out by a scribe.As soon as this was done the scroll washurried to the stage-door of the Alhambraand with much secrecy signed by every mem- ber of the company. The signatures wereso many, and so interwoven and intercrossed,that at first sight the scroll resembled a pieceof black lace.At the end of the second act, when Cec- chetti was taking his call, the curtain wasraised and he was presented with many sou- venirs of the occasion by his fellow artists.At last the curtain was lowered and then amoving scene was enacted. Imagine somehundred dancers grouped in a circle. In thecentre stood Cecchetti and opposite him oneof the company v/ho read out a long speechin Russian, which set forth his history, histriumphs, the love and honour they bore himas a great artist and kindly teacher and, last- ly, their congratulations to him on that nightof his jubilee. The old man listened withbent head then, as the words conjured upvision after vision of dancers ; some passeddown the long valley, some too old to dance,some he had known as children and whoeven then were standing by his side ; his eyes became dimmed and the rough textureof his grease-paint was furrowed by a hottear. He was embraced, kissed by all, lif- ~ ted shoulder-high and carried in triumph tohis dressing-room.• 111The teacher's merit is proved by thequality of his pupils. Egorova, Karsavina,Kshesinskaia, Lopokova, Nijinska, Pavlova,Preobrajenskaia, Sedova, Smirnova, Trefilova,Idzikowsky, Lifar, Massine, Nijinsky—all re- ceived much or all of their training from Cec- chetti.in 1923 his health grew worse and hedecided to return to Italy. For several daysthere were many sad leave-takings and onemorning he was gone. How empty Londonseemed for lack of that rounded figure.In a little while he wrote to me. Hehad been seriously ill but gradually his healthhad improved, largely due to the devotednursing of his wife. A few months passedand I received another letter telling me thathe and his wife were preparing to settle downin Milan, to live quietly and keep in touch- with their children who resided near them.I felt that it was most unlikely that hewould be able to forego his long associationwith the theatre, which to him was the breathof life. Thus I was not surprised to learn alittle later that he had accepted the post ofdirector of the School of Ballet attached toLa Scala. From time to time some of hisnew pupils would come to London alwaysbringing good news of the old master. Hishealth, however, occasionally gave cause foralarm for it appeared that now and again hesuffered from fainting fits.Last year he suffered a severe shock throughthe death of his wife on October 23. Thisparting with the one he called '' the angel ofmy life" affected him greatly. Yet, althoughthe sense of his loss deepened with the pas- sing of each day, he continued to give hislessons. Now and again his thoughts woulddwell on death and he would express a de- sire that he might die, as he had been born,in the theatre. His wish was granted.On November 12 last, he left his homeat 8 o'clock and v/ent to the Scala to givehis usual morning lesson, which began at 9o'clock. At first, all went well; then somemovement displeased him and he cried : " No!No ! It is not so ! " He protested, scolded,then began to cough violently. His legs trembled ana ne sank into a cnaw. He smi- led apologetically, gasped and fainted. Adoctor was called ; his sons and brother werehastily summoned. But as the stricken oldman made no movement, he was taken tohis home. He never recovered consciousnessand expired a little before dawn of the nextday.Cecchetti is dead, but his name and histeaching will endure so long as the art ofdancing exists. Already many tributes havebeen paid to his memory. His pupils at theScala knelt in homage before strewing hiscoffin with flowers. On November 13, thesad news was received by the DiaghilevCompany, then dancing at Manchester ; thesame evening when Lifar danced in Les Syl- phides, he wore a black scarf in token of thecompany's grief at the passing of their che- rished friend and teacher.For the present there is none worthy toassume the mantle of Cecchetti. He wasone of those great artists who appear notonce in a generation, but only at rare inter- vals in the world's history of the theatre. THE LIBRARY OF ACOMEDIAN ; J. P. HARLEY,1786 - 1858. BY PAUL Mc PHARLIN. THERE was some surprise when John PriltHarley, popular comedian, and reputedto be well-off, died without leaving a penny.Bad investments and reckless speculation werethought to be the causes. But Harley wasa level-headed man ; he worked steadily andlived comfortably. If nothing remained, uponhis death, but his house and goods for theelderly sister who survived him, perhaps hehad been shrewder in the conduct of his af- fairs than people imagined.Auction catalogues of the effects of latepersons reveal to public curiosity all too grate- fully the details of their living. That of" the Excellent Furniture, Theatrical Printsand Portraits, the Literary ad Dramatic Li- brary of Books, a collection of interestingAutograph Letters, Play Bills, Music andthe Private Wardrobe of Character Dressesof the Late J. P. Harley, Esq., at No. 14,Upper GoWer Street, Bedford Square, Soldby Auction by Mr. Rob :ns, on the Premises,on Tuesday 23 November 1858, and Twofollowing Days, at Eleven for Twelve o' Clock,by Order of the Administrator ", is not a dis- appointing exception. Harley left no volumeof reminiscences ; biography writers were con- tent to pass over this actor's life. But onemay turn to the 38 pages of this pamphletand see the bare truth about him.What sort of a house was No. 14, Up- per Gower Street ? Doubtless one might askpermission of Sir Anthony Hope Hawkins,the novelist and dramatist, who now livesthere (according to George H. Cunningham'sLondon) to go through the rooms and gar- den, for there is a garden with a coach- house at its end, as may be seen in Hor- wood's Plan, plate 2c, down in the corner(Ihe Mcsk, volume Xll). It is the last butone at the end of the street on the east side,and at the conclusion of the eighteenth cen- tury was still surrounded by open fields. Butthat would be imposing on Sir AnthonyHope Hawkins, and here is the catalogue totell us of a basement with its front and backkitchen and larder, a ground floor with itsstair hall, dining room and library (called alsoback parlour), its first floor with front and backdrawing rooms, its upper floor with front bed- room, small back room, and back bedroom,its second floor with front bedroom, adjoiningdressing room and back bedroom, and its attic.Rather a large house for a bachelor and hissister who, I suppose, kept it neatly running.But a house in which to entertain freely.The furnishings were comfortable andold-fashioned, pieces in the Sheraton andEmpire style, most likely: " a drawing roomsuite in rosewood and blue Merino damask ;" card, centre and occasional tables, chiffon- " niers, suspending lamps, twelve capital -mahogany chairs in marone leather, set of" extending dining tables, cellaret, two 5-feet-6" mahogany glazed bookcases, a 9-feel pain- " ted ditto, large Turkey and Brussels car- pets, mahogany four-post and iron bed- steads and bedding, wardrobe, marble topwash stands and the usual bed chamber" articles &amp; culinary requisites ", besideschimney glasses and a horizontal semi-grandpianoforte by Tomkinson. To these wereadded plenty of books, prints in frames andportfolios, Chelsea and Dresden figures,oriental china, vases " and nicknacks andsouvenirs of the stage. Very comfortable, yes,almost luxurious.No doubt of it Harley was of the cosymiddle class ; one might expect just such ahome to belong to the son of John Harley,draper and silk mercer. But John Pritt wasnot enough his father's son to be long con- tent apprenticed to a linen draper. Nor didhe settle down as a clerk to a law fiim. Care- fully cherished play bills (bundled up,perhaps in lot number 243 : A large quan- tity of play bills, various; or pasted into 27 :An album, containing critical reviews fromnewspapers, play bills and benefit tickets) re- veal that his clerkly chores were livened from1802 onward by appearance at night in ama- teur theatricals at the Private Theatre, 97,Berwick Street. On these bills may be seenthe names of Oxberry, Huntley, W. H. Wil- liams and Ellen Tree, ail of whom he laterplayed with professionally.Encouraged by enthusiastic friends, he re- linquished aspirations to the bar (with a sighof relief) and set out to act in the provincesin 1806. Few playbills were preserved fromthe ensuing nine years—at any rate none arespecifically listed in the catalogue—when Har- -ley received the thorough grounding in tech- nique, business and artistic, that assured hissuccess upon his return to London.The following items now take up thestory:29. Folio books of music, Operas, &amp;c. 630. Four ditto Operas and 5 ditto mus- icstl Farces /31. The Art of Singing, by Crevelli, I;Preludes and Studies, I; Lanza's Ele- ments, 1. and 5 books of music 832. Seven books of manuscript music andsundry loose music105. Covent Garden Play Bills, seasons1805 to 1813 (wanting 1808), 7;Haymarket Bills, 1808-9, 27 and zB,3, and English Opera, 1815 to 18, 4 14On 15 July 1815 Harley had made hisdebut at the English Opera House as Mar- celli in The Devil's Bridge, a woik by Ar- nold, the manager of the theatre. His slight,lithe figure (they had called him " Fat Jack "in the provinces) and his pleasing counter-tenorwith which he " executed cadenzas withgrace and effect" brought him favour. Du- ring the remainder of the summer he actedand sang light comedy roles in the repertoryand gained attention for his work.He was now twenty-nine. His schoolinghad ceased before he was sixteen, and thesubsequent years had been too busy for much-study. Assured of a more or less permanentstay in London, he felt that he could acquirethe books that weigh heavily in an itinerant'sbaggage. And so he began to buy instruc- tive works, following them with zeal for a, period, then discarding them and beginningafresh. The self-educated man, whether ornot his learning count for more than that of theschooled, in the long run retains only whathe wishes to, and so is on a level with himwho went through the formalities of a well-roun- ded curriculum. Let us see what informative things Har- ley came by:1. Sharpe's Peerage, 2 ; Moore's Alma- nack, 1818 to 1831, 2; Imperial Ca- lendar, 27; Court Guides, 19, andBlue Books, 9 592. Sundry school and other books 204. Smith's Philosophy of Health, 2, and15 Medical, books, various 1 79- Fliigel's German and English Dictio- nary, cloth 214 bis. Fables de Florian, 1 ; Dizionariode Sinonimi, 2 parts ; Loudon's Dic- tionnaire Frangais, in numbers, andsundry French novels26. Ollendorff's Method of LearningFrench and Italian, 2 ; 6 Bvo and1 1 smaller books, bound 1951. Hone's Every Day Book, 2; YearBook, 1, and Table Book, 2 553. Baretti's Italian Dictionary, 2 ; Grant'sLatin Grammar, 1; Crabb s Syno- nyms, 1, and 4 others 854. Laveaux Dictionnaire de Difficultes,2 ; Nouveau Dictionnaire Universel,2; Pybus' French Grammar, 1; Gram- maire des Grammaires, 2, and Chefsd'Oeuvres of French Literature, 2 9There are also the French dictionariesof Cobbett, Fleming and Tibbin, Dufief,De La Voye, Chambaud, Boyer, D Alberti(this French and Italian), and Laudais, be- sides another Italian dictionary or two. It willbe seen that these were put to good use.Here are some more reference books (thelots sometimes baited with livelier matter) :55. Tarver's Phraseological Dictionary 2parts ; Brande's Dictionary of Science,1; Haydn's Dictionary of Dates, 1,and Latin Roots, 1 565. Watts on the Mind, 2 ; Rolandi Tea- tro Italiano, 2 ; Hogarth's MusicalLibrary, 2 ; Fugitive Pieces, 4, and21 French and other books, various 3 '85. Rollin's Ancient History, neat calf gilt 786. Rollin's Roman History, bound to match 1087. Rollin's Belles Lettres, 3, and Artsand Sciences 3en suite 688. Hume, Smolletand Adolphus His- tory of England, neat calf gilt 16This title is italicized because it was pro- bably expected to bring a handsome priceunder the hammer. 89. Paley's Modern Philosophy, 2 ;Moore's Zeluco, 2, and Smith sWealth of Nations, 3 7111. Knox on Education, 2 , Mirror 3;Parker's High and Low Life, 2, and4 others 11127. Crell and Wallace's Oracle of Health,6, and 5 Medical books, various 1 11 33. The Encyclopaedia britonnica, Edin- burgh, 1823, 20, and Supplement 6,handsome russia gilt 26134. Johnson's English Dictionary, 1785,2, russia, and Home Took's Divers- ions of Purley, 1805, 2 parts, calf gilt 4135. Crab'o's Historical Dictionary, 2,1825, &amp; Technological Dictionary,2, 1823, russia gilt 4136. Johnson's English Dictionary, by theRevd. H. T. Todd, London, 1818 4And a formidable array all these madeupon shelves, but we are coming shortly tobooks that received more wear.On 16 September 1815, we see by con- sulting the bound play bills, Harley made hisfirst appearance upon the stage of Drury Laneas Lissardo in Mrs. Centilivre's Won- der : A Woman Keeps a Secret. In the castwere also Messrs. Rae, Penley, Barnard,Holland, Gattie and Palmer, Mmes. Glover,Orger, Scott, and Miss Kelly, famous prin- cipally because Charles Lamb loved her.With an occasional trip into the provinces,Harley now remained at Drury Lane untillate in the fall of 1835. He took over theline of business of John Bannister, who reti- red the year he came to the theatre ; thetwo were friends until Bannister died in 1836,leaving Harley a gold mourning ring for Da- vid Garrick (under whom Bannister had stu- died) and a Shakespeare silver jubilee (1769)medal mounted as as snuff box. These wentas lot No. 518, and brought j£. 2-17-6 atthe sale in 1858. At the sa,me time he in- herited other mementoes of Garrick, to belisted later.Now what were the dramas he read ?Shakespeare he had in these editions :36. Shakespeare's Plays, London, 1623,with portrait, half bound 195. Knight s Pictorial Shakespeare, ele- gant calf gilt 8128 bis. Johnson and Stephens' Shakes- peare, 1793, elegant 15130. Reed's edition of Shakespeare, 1813, handsome calf gilt, formerly presentedto Edmund Kean by the HonourableDouglas Kinnaird 21How modestly the first folio is recorded,-even without the italics of the showy moremodern editions! Collectors had not thenmade first folios articles of commerce; theywere read by those who liked to readShakespeare. That was only seventy yearsago. I have seen half a dozen first folios goup at auction during a New York season,bringing higher and higher prices. Whenthese unhappy trafficked-about volumes arenot in the auction room they are under glass,or even the steel of safes, symbols of valuelike paper money.To resume:\24. Beaumont and Fletcherselegant 1 Q125. Jonson's Works, by Murphy, elegant 1294. Massinger's Plays, 4; M. G. Lewis'Plays, 2, and Jackson's ScottishStage, 1 716. Congreve's Works, 3; G'Keefe'sDramatic Works, 4, and Burgess'Richard 1., 2 96. Goldoni, Commedie 2542. Oeuvres de Moliere, 1 ; WhigClub, 1, and Helvicus' Theatre, 1. 362. Opere del Moliere, 2, and 23 tomesof French Novels, various 25.33bis. A quantity of French plays79. Oxberry's New English Drama, neathalf bound 20The dictionaries, then, were for Goldoniand Moliere, and perhaps for an occasional- puzzling expression in one of the tomes of*French novels.Of books on the theatre, if we includeactors'biographies in the class, he had notafew:* 7. Theatrical Observer, 1821 to 1840,cloth, 20, and 1842 to 1850, 9, innumbers, and Dramatic Musical Review,.1842 to 1850, 9, in numbers 3813. Memoirs of Charles Mathews, 4; ofJohn Bannister, 2, and of Elliston, 2,neat cloth 8(Mathews and Bannister were bothhis good friends).18. Uncle Tom's Cabin, 1; MichaelArmstrong, 1 ; Alnwick Castie 1 ;Sadler's Correspondence, 2; The Lifeof Macklin, 1; Thespian Magazine, 2,and 2 others 10 52. Biographia Dramatica 568. The Drama, 7; Gil Bias, 4, and1 7 books, various 2870. Random Records, 2; Hill's HomeService, 2; Schiller's Robbers, &amp;c.,1 ; Bland's Proverbs, 1, and Sheri- dan's Dramatic Works and Life, \ 777. Collier's Annals of the Stage, 3;Bernard's Retrospections of the Stage,2; Calvert and Mansell on the Dra- ma, 1, and Davies' Life of Garrick, 2 881. Reminiscences of Dibdin, 2; Lifeof Reynolds, 2; Recollections ofO'Keefe, 2; Boaden's Life of j. P.Kemble, 2; Mrs. Siddons, 2, andMrs. Jordon, 2, half bound calf gilt 1291. Peter Pindar's Works, 3; Records■j of My Life, by Taylor, 2; Aristar- chus, I ; Lempriere's Biography, 1 ;Literary Museum, 1 ; Hazlitt's EnglishStage and Poets, 2, and Cooper'sPoems, 1 1 1109. Memoirs of Tate Wilkinson, 4, andWandering Patentee, 4 83 39. Garrick's Private Correspondence,London, 1831, elegant half bound gilt 2143. The Royal Dramatic Record, withplates 1553 bis. Papworth, Sculptural Designs,cloth; G. Cruickshank's Sketch Book,cloth, and 2 parts; Scenic Effects ofCovent Garden Theatre, ! 4 nos.;and 13 illustrated numbers, various.(,Recollectionscf Scenic Effectsof Covent Garden Theatre duringthe Season 1838-9, by GeorgeScharf, scenographer, records the set- tings and groupings at that theatreduring the managership of Macready,when Harley was one of the com- pany).But this last volume, indicating that ourcomedian's interest in the theatre did not stopat drama and acting (though it's the only vo- lume of the sort) takes us ahead of the tale.The years at Drury Lane would havebeen disastrous for an actor not capable ofworking out his own artistic salvation. Underthe management of Kean all emphasis wasplaced upon the star. Elliston, who succeededhim, let every actor work out his own part,providing he properly subordinated himselfto the star and kept to the traditions. Price,Lee, Polhill and Bunn are the names of following managers under whom laxity andheedlessness increased. Drury Lane lostmoney, put on claptrap and spectacles, imi- tated from the small theatres unlicensed toproduce straight drama, and still lost money.The decadence of the drama was bewailed ;melodrama and burlesque were patronized.People always shun the dead theatre and flockto the live.Things had come to such a pass thatHarley left Orury Lane at last and joinedthe St. James, a new theatre built for opera,but enabled by license of Lord Conynghamto give legitimate drama. His first appea- rance there was made 14 December 1835.The new theatre did not prosper; Dickensfurnished it with two pieces that failed.Harley and Macready knew each otherfrom meeting on the stage, at the GarrickClub, and at public functions. Macreadynotes in his diary that in May 1833 (theyear Harley became a personage upon suc- ceeding Edmund Kean as master and trea- surer of the Drury Lane Theatrical l und)," Harley called by appointment to talk overthe state of the profession ". No doubt thisentailed a grave shaking of heads and harkingback to the good old days, but both were menwilling to dp more than talk. Macready hadno personal attachment for Harley; the epithets" fool " and " thing " are put down against himin the diary, and in March 1834 this sour passageoccurs: ''How truly disgusting to hear men" like Mr. Mathews and Mr. Harley requiringrespect for a profession which they in their" speeches as leading members prove to bestored with ignorance, vulgarity and charlata- &lt;! nism ". Of course Macready could quarrelwith the angels. And Harley was not muchdrawn to Macready. But on 20 April 1836,in a meeting with Farren and Macready, heoffered to give £ 500 toward the drama'sregeneration; the actors were to band toge- ther against incompetent management. No- thing came of this plan. However, it givesa clue for the fact that Harley died leavinglittle money.Now we catch up with the last item inlot No. 553 bis. Harley went to CoventGarden in 1836. Macready had assumedits management with noble intentions andthe support of drama lovers. He made realinnovations in handling groups of actors;, he- saw that work was done at rehearsals, and tooK a stand as purist for Shakespeare's texts andhistoric accuracy in costumes and settings.As spokesman for the company, Harley pre- sented him with an engraved salver as atoken of their regard for his championship ofthe drama, 31 May 1838. On 7 June hepersonally offered financial assistance to Ma- cready, a more substantial tribute, for therunning of the theatre, but was refused,Again on 12 April 1839, Macready writes," Mr. Ha rley called, and with much Weepingoffered to be security for the payments ofmy offered £ 2000, as lessee of CoventGarden Theatre. I thanked him, but toldhim I was engaged elsewhere ".Harley, then, had saved up a little money,and he was only too eager to gamble it forthe good cause. Meanwhile he spent apound now and then on literature:5. Childe Harold, 1; Hunt's PoeticalWorks, 1, and 31 books, various 338. Maddox's Travel's in Turkey, 2;D israeli's Literary Characters, 2 ;National Tales, 2; Mrs. Hall's Sket- ches of Irish Character, 2, and 5 others 1335. Chaucer's Works, 1721, 1, and Jon- son's Works, London, 1691 1 2(T wo fine folios, these 1)40. The Rambler, 1751, vellum 243. Sterne's Works, 7; Pope, 2; PrayerBook, i, and Book of Psalms, 1 1 138. Southwell's Bible, 1, and Hewlett'sHoly Bible, part 1, vol. 1, 4to 219. Common Prayer Book, 1; Psalms,2 copies, blue morocco; Bible, 1,and Viner's Psalmody, 1 549. CEuvres de Rousseau, calf gilt, plates 3866. Swift's Works, 27 vols., wanting4 and 5 25(What graceless friend had borrowedvolumes 4 and 5 ?)74. Milton's Poetical Works, 4, neatcalf gilt, and Cabinet of polite lite- rature, 5, half bound calf gilt 996. Pope's Works, neat calf 1097. Don Quixote, 2, and Gil Bias, 1,royal Bvo, elegant calf gilt 3102. Chesterfield's Letters 2108. Boswell's Life of Johnson, 5 ; Me- moirs of Foote, 3, and Foote'sWorks, 2 10110. Junius' Letters, 2; Lyric Muse, I;Hudibras, 1; Burgoyne's Works, 2,and 4 others 10 (Burgoyne was a playwright as wella general.)1 !4. Johnson's Edition of the Poets, 58,and Johnson's Prefaces, 10, neatcalf gilt 68115. The Spectator 8116. Gibbon's Roman Empire 12i 19. Sir Walter Scott's Novels andTales, 12, Novels and Romances, 7 ;Historical Romances, 6 ; Tales andRomances, 14, and Introduction tothe Waverly Novels, 2, elegant 41120. Scott's Prose Works, 6, and Lock- hart's Life of Scott, 4, elegant 10121. Scott's Poetical Works 10Harley knew Dickens well. On 27 June1837 he dined at Dickens' house, and Ma- cready commented, " Our evening was very -cheerful, and we laughed much at Mr. Har- ley's theatrical efforts to entertain ". At theSt. James he saw Dickens' The Village Co- quettes (1836) and Is She his Wife? (1837)fail. On 12 December 1838 he helped de- cide that The Lamplighter be rejected byCo vent Garden. Whether Dickens presentedhim with these copies of his books one can- not say, but at any rate they were purchaseddamp from the press :69. Dickens' Christmas Works, 4, cloth ;Pictures from Italy, 1, cloth. (Therewere books by ethers in the lot.)76. Oliver Twist, 3; Sketches by Boz,2 ; second series, 1, and Boz's Lifeof Grimaldi, 2, boards 8(Had Harley as a young man been aGrimaldi devotee ?)122. Dickens' Pickwick Papers and Ni- cholas Nickleby, 2, morocco gilt,and Dombey and David Copperfield,2, cloth 4132. Humphrey's Clock, illustrated, 3,royal, cloth gilt, and Pickwick Pa- pers, ditto, 1 4All of Harley's books (f or his library wasnot the display sort) were not significant norclassic. Some he bought for the pictures, ■and some because they took his fancy :39. The Royal Rake, by Rede cloth 4to I33. The Aboriginal Portfolio, by Lewis,9 parts46. Cabinet des Fees 41107. Flowers of Literature, 4, and 3 others 71 17. Marryat's Poor Jack, illustrated, 1,and The Pirate, illustrated, 1 2 123. Heath's Book of Beauty, 1833 to1837, 5, and The Keepsake, 1833-5-6, 3 8129. Heath's Picturesque Annual, 1837,1; Book of Beauty, 1838, 1, andThe Keepsake, 1838, 1, large pa- per, gilt leaves 3„ 141. Hogarth's Work, by Nichols andSteevens, fine plates, London, 1808,calf gilt 3149, A large folio album of colouredFrench costumes, caricatures, &amp;c.In 1839 the management of Covent Gar- den was taken over by Mme. Vestris andCharles Mathews, Jr., and Harley stayed onwith them. This management continued gi- ving attention to staging, and Planche, whohad invented burlettas for Vestris during herreign at the Olympic, slaved over historicaldetails in costume. The style of actingbrought by Vestris from the small Olympicwas naturally subtler and more restrained thanthat which had prevailed in the huge CoventGarden. Did Harley, natural comedian thathe was, become aware for the first timethat his methods were a little old-fashioned?Did he feel out of place with the new natu- ralism ? At any rate, he went back to DruryLane for 184! -48, under the management ofuninventive Mr. Bunn, and just missed playingin the new sort of comedy written by DionBoucicault.But he was sharp enough to see the turnacting had taken, and tempered his moderatestyle a few shades down. When he came tothe Princess Theatre in 1850, where CharlesKean was taking his hand at doing jus- tice to Shakespeare, and outdoing all hispredecessors in costuming him with accuracyto time and place, Harley's acting was thoughtto be perfectly unlaboured. John WilliamCole, in his Life and Theatrical Times of• Charles Kean (1859) writes, " It was impos- sible to feel dull when Harley was on thestage. No actor, not even Munden or Lis- ton, ever excited more genuine laughter ".By gift from his cronies or by inheritancethose who went before him as officersof theatre societies, Harley came by thesepriceless records. Are they now safelyhoused in the British Museum, or do theyhide in a private collection ? :145. The Pay Ledgers of Covent Garden Theatre, from 1776 to 1787, i with the weekly salaries and auto- graph receipts of the different Ac- tors and Actresses during these pe- riods, folio, green vellum 10 books146. Ditto from the year 1787to 1797 10 books147. Ditto from the year 1797to 1808 10 books148. A ditto from 1822 to 1825, and theCast Book of the Olympic Theatreduring Madame Vestris' management.These sets of play bills too, I hope,have been removed from the perils of an in- dividual's ownership :236. Play bills of the Princess's Theatre,from 1850 to 1858, in bundles.237. Ditto, 1850 to 1857 ; a packet ofWindsor Castle play bills and sundrvplay bills.238. Drury Lane Theatre play bills, 1812to 1840, bound, 27 vols., and 1845to 1847, 2 vols.239. Covent Garden Theatre ditto, 1813 to1841, bound, 28 vols.240. English Opera ditto, 1819 to 1838bound, 14 vols.241. Haymarket ditto, 1804 to 1839 (want- ing 1807, 20, 27 and 28) bound,18 vols.242. St. James Theatre ditto, 1836 to 1838,bound, 3 vols., and Provincial Theatrejs]ditto, 1810 to 1830, bound, 1 vol.243. Drury Lane Theatre bills, 1845, inbundles, Haymarket ditto, 1847-8, anda quantity of play bills, various.244. Haymarket Theatre bills, from 1844 to1853 (wanting 1845-6), and Lyceumditto, 1849 to 1854, in bundles.250. Haymarket Theatre play bills, 1844 to1857 (wanting 3 seasons); Drury Laneditto, various, 3 bundles; Covent Gardenditto, various, and Lyceum ditto, 3 bun- dles, various.As one sees by lot No. 236, Harleystayed at the Princess for eight years, andbecame fixed in the public's mind as a playerof Shakespeare's clowns. His lightness oftouch, learned from the days with Vestrisand Planche (who burlesqued life, rather thandramatic forms, as had the older school fromFielding to Kane O'Hara), served him ingood stead. The era of gaudy declamationwas passing. Audiences transferred their af- fection to character portrayal—the queerer, quainter and more grotesque the better. Har- ley was an elderly bachelor with mannerismsand perhaps an eccentricity or two, very char- ming to be sure. On the stage these gavehis characterizations just the right touch, forhe knew just when to fall into them. Of hisTouchstone, Grumio and Launcelot, a con- temporary critic said, " Their quips and theirquiddities, their gibes and their cozenings,always obtain in his speech their right aptnessand flavour, and gain in his looks their en- tire illustration—that double expression which,as it lights up the meaning, reveals theenjoyment".We approach the end of Harley's life,and of his library there remain only the printsand sketches to look over. Of himself Harleyhad a number of likenesses:186. A fine painting of Mr. J. P. HARLEYby GEORGE CLINT, in handsome orna- mented gilt frame187. A pair of ditto character Portraits, ofMr. Harley as Caleb Quotum andCharles Young in The Stranger, giltframes199. An oil painting, Portrait of Mr. J. P.HARLEY, by G. CLINT, gilt mouldedframe207. Two water colour character drawings ofJ. P. HARLEY as Marcelli, in the Devil'sBridge, and Lesardo [Lissardo] byDE WILDE210. A coloured miniature Portrait of J. P.Harley and 4 small character prints ofditto, framed and glazed214. Three water colour Portraits of Mr. Har- ley as Jack Phantom, in frame, glazed158. Eighteen impressions of the Portrait ofMr. J. P. Harley in The Strange Gen- tlemanAnd there are others. But from his. walls, well covered with pictures, lookeddown other faces than his own:163. A fine proof print of The Kemble Fa- mily in Henry VIII.. after Barlowe166. A ditto of Bannister and Parsons inthe Village Lawyer, and a pair of ditto,Garrick as Richard 111. and AbelDrugger168. Two Character prints, Scenes from theBeggar's Opera and Children in theWood169. A ditto print of H Grace the Dukeof Devonshire and a coloured print of the Duchess of Devonshire (The houseof Devonshire, from Shakespeare's time,has interested itself in the theatre; thepresent Duke possesses many scene de- 'signs, including work by Inigo Jones).173. Two ditto of Miss Duncan and MissMellon, and a ditto of Charles Dickens176. Three Theatrical prints of Liston, CharlesYoung and Macready, and a colouredditto of C. B. Cotton177. Three prints, Portraits of Quick. Elli- ston and E. Forrest, and 2 ditto of St.James* and St. Giles' Beauties180. A very fine plaster bust of Mr. J. P.Harley, by Sconler, 27 inches high, onhandsome scagliola verd antique pedestal,34 inches high181. A ditto bust of Mrs. Charles Kean, byDexter, 28 inches high183. A water colour Character drawing ofListon as Gabey Grim, by DE VLTA184. A ditto drawing of Munden ascus, by DE WILDE185. A ditto of Gatlie as Mons. Moibleu,by DE WILDE188. A pair of Prints, Portraits of MissO'Neil and Edmund Kean189. Two prints of IV. H. Betty and aditto of H. P. Bishop190. A pair of prints, Charles Kemble andthe late Charles Mathews, a ditto of -John Bannister and a ditto of J. Munden193. A print of the Prince of Wales, asColonel of Hussars, and a ditto of theDuke of Sussex195. Four circular prints, The Sailors De- parture and Return, &amp;c.209. A fine water colour Portrait of Quin asFalstajf, 1743A ditto drawing of the late CharlesMathews in the Woodman, by DE WLLDE215. A pair of lithograph prints, Views; 2oval ditto and Portrait of Adrienne Le- couvreur, framed and glazed216. Testimonial, with autograph signatures ofthe performers at the St. James Theatre, ;1837 and 8, gilt frame, glazed and acircular medallion of the Seal of DruryLane Fund218. An exquisite pen and ink drawing ofNapoleons Tomb at St. Helena, takenon the spot, 21 April 1828, by Captain -II Fabey, 67th Regiment, showing thecelebrated Weeping Willow, purchased at Barry O'Meara's sale, framed andglazed on both sides.There were, in lots No. 221-230 pack- ages of autograph letters from " celebratedTheatrical Characters ", " Musical Compo- sers, Authors, Professional Notables andForeign Artists ".In the front drawing room were to be found:333. A pair of fine old Chelsea China figuresof Shakespeare and Milton, 11 inches highIn the back drawing room:380. A fine full length bronze of NAPOLEONBONAPARTE as First Consul, on pedestal,ornamented with ormolu, 28 inches high.And in the dining room this toy:400. A group of 14 curious terra cotta Chi- nese figures, on rosewood inlaid pedestal,with musical movement, and glass shade.Harley had a collection of snuff boxesand canes, most of them probably presentedto him on special occasions. But of his me- mentoes I list only these:513. A gold enamelled locket, with lock ofMrs. Sarah Siddons hair, with autographpresentation letter (It brought a guinea).521. A silver gridiron of the Drury Beef- steak Club and a silver curb guardchain (This brought £ 1 -3- -)522. A lock of Charles James Fox's hair and4 mementoes from Mrs. Jordon's, Talma'sand other tombs. (This went for 7 shil- lings—a proper protest against chippingcorners from monuments).524. A Very beautiful miniature on ivory ofMiss [Ellen] Tree, (i) in case, mountedin ormolu (Had Harley ever been inlove with this lady? Had her answerto him enforced his bachelorhood?Here an auction catalogue reveals nothing.)525. A gold ring, presented by EdmundKean, and a gold intaglio ring (Theminiature and this lot brought £ 2 each).529. A masonic . jewel, belonging to /. IV.Edwin, the comedian, a lock of KingCharles I.'s hair, also of Lord Byron &amp;Lord Nelson, with authentic testimony(£ 2-12--)530. Several Autographs of George 111., Wil- liam IV., Victoria Regina, Napoleon /.,Marie Antoinette and other illustriouspersonages (Had these British monarchsall written to Mr. Harley? Presumably the French had not. Someone must havegiven the autographs to him; I cannotimagine that he spent his money this way.)531. A part of the Shakespeare Mulberry- tree at Stratford-on-Avon, formerly be- longing to Garrick, with his seal, a dittobust of Shakespeare, carved from theMulberry-tree, and piece of Old DruryStage, on which Gar rick often trod(£ 1-4--)219. Mode/ of the Temple to the DramaticMuses, erected at Stratford-upon-Avon,in which was celebrated the jubileegiven by David Garrick in honour ofShakespeare, 1769 (The items in thesetwo lots, with the jubilee medal mountedas a snuff box, came in direct successionfrom Garrick through John Bannister toHarley).Lots 555-615, Harley's stage costumes,are fascinating—but I cannot possibly includethem in his library, And now little remainsto be told. On 20 August 1858, upongoing into the wings after playing LauncelotGobbo at the Princess Theatre, Harley wasseized with a stroke of paralysis. He wascarried home to Upper Gower Street. Hiselderly sister tended him. Recovering some- what, he quoted Shakespeare, " I have anexposition of sleep come upon me". Hesaid it with his accustomed jocularity, inten- ding to wake up for tea. But his friends,ears open for a last utterance, exchangedglances over the bed. They had heard whatthey were listening for. Harley died 22August. Six days later he was buried atKensal Green.As for the fortune that years of diligenceshould have gained ?Well, books and prints aren't cheap.Dinners for one's friends cost something.And these:553. Eight bottles of Claret, 3 ditto of johan- nisberg Hock and 2 ditto of Mountain554. Twenty-eight bottles of Elder wine and6 ditto of Grape wine449. A quantity of empty wine bottles &amp; dittoMoreover, a man who offers to go secu- rity for £ 2000 in the interests of thedrama will do as much for his associates,and actors form a needy profession. Thesematters are not recorded. There should beno mystery that comedian Harley died leavingonly his library. (i) Mrs Charles Kean. SOME EXTRACTS FROMTHE PRACTICE OF MAKINGSCENES AND MACHINESIN THEATRES(BOOK TWO). NICOLASABBATTINI DA PESARO. Figure 1. Figure 2. Figure 3. Figure 4. Figure 5. CHAPTER 41, HOW THE RAINBOWOR CELESTIAL ARCH MAY BEMADE TO APPEAR. (I) WHEN it is necessary, during the Inter- mezzi, to make a Rainbow appear,one can first make use of the same methodas is described in the preceding chapter &lt;2^; thatis, adopting one of those sections, in the po- sition where it will be most apposite, onecan set a strip of linen (3) coloured like aRainbow, causing it to move in the same wayas the clouds, and to disappear in the sameway; and by this means one will have ac- complished what is requisite. No further de- monstration is here required, since the in- structions already given respecting the cloudswill suffice. CHAPTER 42, HOW TO CLOUDOVER PART OF THESKY BEGINNINGWITH A SMALL CLOUD, WHICHEVER INCREASES IN SIZE, CONTINUALLY CHANGING IN COLOUR. THIS last method of clouding over a partof the sky, even if it appear to be dif- ficult, yet seems to me to be the most beau- tiful, and the most marvellous of all thosedescribed above : but one cannot do this savein one clearly defined part, and that is in themiddle, in correspondence with the concavityof the sky.To accomplish this one will have to makeeight or ten cylinders of wooden staves, whichare at least a foot in diameter and whichmust be exactly equal in length to the ope- ning of that part of the sky which one wishesto cloud over.One will then set at either end of eacha wheel two inches thick, and of the samediameter. The wheel must be indented. The Cylinders are to be covered withcanvas, and must be arranged on the ground,one touching the other, just as they are to bein the sky, so that the painting can be rightlyadjusted.For this work the Painter ought to havehad some experience dello studiato (1) as thesaying is, since he must net only colour themon the one side so that they blend with thepart of the sky already executed, but repre- sent the clouds on the other side.Thus, in the first cylinder, which, oughtto be set towards the back part of the stage,should be the beginning of a little Cloud.Then, in the others, other clouds, which everincrease in size, and continually change colouras in Nature.The Painter's part being accomplished,the cylinders must be adjusted in the spaceof the Sky, as has been said, in such awaythat they can turn easily on their pivots, whichare to be fixed upon two pieces of wood setabove the convex of the sky, one on each side.Then lengthwise, above the indentedwheels, one must set, on the other side, agrooved wood, which must be very smooth,and also very firm': this must be a little wi- der than the thickness of the wheels, andhollowed out to a depth of at least four in- ches, in each of which grooves one will seta strip of wood with indentures correspondingto those of the wheels adjusted above them,so that, in proportion as these strips of woodrun along, so will the wheels girate.These strips of wood ought, moreover, tobe longer than the grooves, and a little thic- ker than the cylinders, and so adjusted that,-by means of this length, one can cloud overthat part of the Sky, and also cause theClouds to vanish and the Sky to be onceagain as before. Let the indented wheels A. B, and C. D.be set at the ends of the cylinders, and letE. F. be the piece of wood in which the pivot G of the wheel A. B. and the pivotH of the wheel C. D. are fixed ; and letI. K. L. M. be the groove which takes infour inches of the wheels together with theindented length of wood N. O. which isfixed in such wise inside the groove that itsteeth lock with the teeth of the wheels ; andlet the men stationed above the Sky be atthe point P. on the side of the spectators, andat the point Q on the opposite side.At the time appointed the man who wasset at point P will slowly draw towards himthe indented length of wood, so that at thesame time the wheels will rotate, and conse- quently the cylinders also, as has been said;thus when the end of the wood N reachesR, the other end O will be at N, and thesides of the cylinders A. D. will be in B. C.which are painted with clouds.One will act in the same way whenwishing to reverse this action; but, when onewishes that the clouds should run along anddisappear, as in most cases naturally happens,one will arrange that the person set at pointP. does not stop drawing the indented woodat R as was said above, but continues as faras S., so that the sides of the cylinders B,C. will return to A. D. as they were at first,and the clouds will disappear, the Sky retur- ning to its pristine state.The same is to be understood to applyto the other ends of the cylinders, two onlyhaving beendrawn so as to avoid confusion ;but one will apply the same rule to as manyothers as shall be required. CHAPTER 43, HOW A CLOUD MAYBE MADE TO DESCEND STRAIGHTUPON THE STAGE WITH PERSONSINSIDE IT(1). SHOULD it be necessary to cause a Cloudto descend straight down upon the stagewith persons inside it, one will follow this rule :A grooved upright must be made, composedof two beams, equal in length to the distancefrom above the sky to beneath the stage; andlet these be of a good thickness, that is to say,nine inches, or at least four; in these makea swallow-tail mortise, which must be verysmooth, and half a foot deep and the samewide ; then one will adjust this in a suitable place behind a partition, strengthened by tie- rods fastened to the wall, and being perpen- dicular to the Horizon line.Afterwards one will adjust in this anotherbeam of the same thickness, or rather less,so that it can run with ease in its groove ; thisbeam must be six or seven feet in length.Having done this, one will fix, at the endof the said beam, by means of good linch- pins, another piece of wood of the samethickness, the length of which must be equalto the distance at which one shall wish theCloud to rise above the stage, nailing, more- over, on the side where the Cloud is to beset,... that is at a distance of two and a halffeet,... another piece of wood, which is to beof such length as to reach from the end ofthe said foot and a half to the bottom of thebeam which was set in the groove, fixing itwell in that part also with linch-pins, as wassaid in regard to the former; and these lengthsof wood will form a right-angle triangle.Then, at either end of the beam whichwas set in the groove, fix an iron ring, andlet these be of a good thickness, so that theycan support the weight not only of the cloudbut also of the persons who must be set uponit, both in lowering the said cloud and inwithdrawing it once more to its place. Andin each of the aforesaid rings a piece of verystrong rope must be tied ; that above is tobe passed through a strongly fixed pulley- wheel, placed above the Sky and perpendi- cular to the said grooved beam. Passing theend over this pulley and drawing it down- wards, one will wind it round a ')which must be set underneath the stage atthe end of the grooved beam ; and the oneend of the other rope will be tied to thelower ring, so that its other end will bewound round the windlass in the oppositedirection from the first, so that when theone is winding on the other in the sameproportion will be winding off.The Cloud must then be made, of theright size, and properly strengthened withcross-bars of wood and with hoops, so thatpersons may take their places in it safely andconveniently; it must be covered with linen,painted as naturally as possible, and stronglynailed to the end of the arm of wood whichwas set in position for that purpose. Having accomplished all this, a slit mustbe cut in the Sky at the point where theaforesaid grooved beam meets it, so that thewood which supports the cloud may passthrough conveniently; and it must be madelengthwise to the level of the stage, so thatthe cut may not be seen.At the foot of the length of wood alreadydescribed one must fasten a piece of canvas,which must be equal in length and breadthto the cut, and must be coloured like theSky : another piece must likewise be arran- ged from the upper part, one edge of it beingfastened in the Sky and the other to the otherend of the aforesaid length of wood. Whenthe cloud is lowered this piece of upper can- vas will also be lowered, hiding the cut ;and the other lower part will descend, thecut being always closed ; the contrary takingplace in the ascension, so that in this wayno opening will be seen, taking heed, howe- ver, that the Cloud is to be hidden in oneof the sections.In causing this cloud to rise one will set twoor four men at the windlass, who must lower orraise the cloud, according as shall be required. Let the grooved upright support be com- posed of the two beams A. B. and C. D.and the length of wood set inside it be E. F. ;and let G. E. be that which must supportthe cloud, and H. I. the other piece of woodwhich must serve for securing the weight.Let these pieces of wood be pegged (I) to- gether, in H. E. and F. in such away thatthey may form a right angle within the groo- ved upright in E. And let the cloud be setat the extremity G. in I.Set the first iron ring at the extremity ofthe piece of wood E. F. in E., in which tieone end of a rope which passes through thepulley K. in such away that it comes toterminate in the windlass L. M. in N, withso many turns and at such a distance that itcan lower the cloud from above the Skydown to the level of the stage.After this, in the other extremity of thepiece of wood, F, one must set the other ring,and tie to it one end of another rope, whichmust terminate in the said windlass in O ; andlet the men be set at the handlebars P. Q.When you wish the cloud to descend theywill turn the windlass so that the end of the -rope F. O. may be wound on to the wind- lass, and the other E. K. N. may be un- wound in the same proportion; and thus,when F. shall be in B. the cloud will beupon the level of the stage R. S. in T.In making it then return to its place the ,windlass must be turned in the opposite di- rection, and thus all that has to be done willbe accomplished. CHAPTER 44, ANOTHER METHODBY WHICH ONE MAY MAKE ACLOUD DESCEND TO THE STAGEWITH PERSONS WITHIN IT. SHOULD one wish to make a cloud, withpersons inside it, descend in another man- ner on to the stage, it can be done in the- following way.Two gargami(grooved beams) will bemade as has been already shown in the pre- vious chapter; but with this difference, how- ever ; that, in those, the channel was cutin swallow-tail shape, and these are to bewithout this ; that is, the jointure is to be straight,but clean and smooth, according to what wasalready said ; and, in height, they must reachfrom the level of the auditorium above the Sky,and one will be set on either side in linewith one of the sections of the Sky preparedfor that purpose; setting them far enough behindthe scenes, so that they cannot be seen bythose out in front; and let them be secured bytie-rods built into the walls and perpendicu- lar to the horizon line. A cross piece of wood will then be adjusted,as long as the distance between the one gar- game and the other, and with so much overthat it may project a foot at either end, andmade in such away that the ends of thewood may run easily in the said gargami.In line, then, with the ends of the saidcross-beam, which run in the mortises, theremust be set on either side another piece ofwood of the same thickness and two feetin length, which is to be fixed into the lowerside so that the main cross-bar may not turn,as might easily happen owing to the weightof the persons, who are not always in per- pendicular position.Having adjusted the aforesaid matters onewill set above the Sky, in a straight linewith the upright beams, a pulley wheel on• either side; through which a good strongrope must be passed, of which one end isto be tied round the main cross-beam onthe inner side, near the upright beams, andthe other, passing through the said pulleywheels, is to come down and be woundround the ends of a cylinder which mustbe one foot and a half in diameter, andrather longer than the distance from oneupright beam to the other, which must beset beneath the stage, and adjusted in suchaway that the ropes which pass over thepulleys are perpendicular to the said cylin- der, adjusted with its pivots so that it canbe turned with facility.Then, facing the centre of this, one willset a capstan with sufficient space on eitherside so that the handles can turn. This.capstan must cause the said cylinder to turnby means of a good thick cable, half of whichis to be wound round the cylinder with asmany turns as shall suffice to wind out theropes, which will be tied to the cross-barbetween the two upright beams, the otherend passing round the capstan.The cloud must then be constructed be- tween two pieces of wood, and must be longin shape, so that the two ends of the woodmay not be seen. At the time when thecloud has to be lowered by four, or more,men, as may be required, the capstan mustbe turned, so that, in proportion as the cable isunwound from the cylinder, so will the cordsbe let out which were wound round the enasof the said cylinder, and consequently thecloud will descend with the personages upon it. But, in the event of there being manypersons, more men can be set at th capstan,one always being set in line with it to guidethe cable so that it may not get over-laidand the capstan may not unwind.In making the cloud reascend one willtnrn the cylinder in the opposite direction,but, to do this, there must be as much ropeon the windlass as on the cylinder, so that,as the one winds off, the other shall wind on. Let A. B. and C. D. be the two groo- ved beams set perpendicularly to the horizon,and let them be secured so that they maynot move. Let F. G. be the cross-beamupon which is constructed the cloud E. andlet it project one foot beyond the uprightgrooved beam on either side, as is A. F. onone side and C. G. on the other. Then, atthose parts of the said cross beam whichpass through the upright grooved beams Aand C. let there be set pieces of wood ofthe same thickness and two feet long, as isseen in A. H. and C. I. Then let the pul- leys K. L. be set above the sky in a straightline with the cross beam F. G. at M. N.,at which points let one end of each of theropes M. N« be tied, which ropes then,passing through the said pulleys K. L., comedown and are wound beneath the stage roundthe cylinder O. P. in Q. and R. And in themiddle of the cylinder, in S., one end of thecable will be wound with as many turns as will suffice to let the cloud descend to thestage, and the rest of this cable must passon to the capstan T., a person being set atV to guide this cable so that it may unwindthe capstan, but also so that it may not getentangled with the other part of the cable which,passing round the capstan, winds around thecylinder, while the first end unwinds, the menbeing set at the handles X. Y. and Z. etc.When it is desired that the cloud shoulddescend the men will turn the capstan manytimes until the part of the cable whish wasfirst wound round in it, unwinding from thecylinder, causes, proportionately, the parts ofthe ropes Q. R., which sustain the cross-barof the cloud, to unwind also, until this hasbeen lowered to the destined spot.In making it subsequently reascend to itsplace the capstan must be turned in the op- posite direction the same numbe* of times,so that by this means that which was to bedone will be accomplished. CHAPTER 45, HOW ONE CANLOWER A CLOUD WHICH, FROMTHE EXTREME BACK OF THE SKYADVANCES TO THE MIDDLE OFTHE STAGE WITH PERSONSUPONIT. WHEN it is necessary to make a clouddescend, which, commencing fromthe extreme back of the sky, comes for- ward to the middle of the stage with personsupon it, one will act in the following man- ner ; always assuming, however, that behindthe scenes, in line with the back of the sky,there is a convenient space, and of abouttwenty feet at least.Take a good beam, twenty-five feet inlength, which must serve as a lever, and atthe centre must be set a support or rest wellsecured with barbicans or props and an ironstaple. The support must be made with apiece of beam thicker than the lever and isto be set perpendicular to the horizon, fas- tened into the floor of the auditorium in linewith the back part of the sky and rising fourfeet in height above the level of the stage, butso far back that it may not be seen by thoseout in front. The lever must then be fixedabove it, adjusting it in such away that itmoves without difficulty.Afterwards, at a distance of ten feet from the support and at a height of twenty feet,one will set a pulley, if possible of metal, sothat it may be secure, and able to supportthe weight. This should be set plumb aboveanother of the same size and strength whichmust be set below, three feet above the le- vel of the sala, which must serve as guidefor the cable of the capstan, which will be „set in line with the said pulley, as far to oneside as shall be must convenient for the cap- stan, so that those who turn the handles cando so without impediment.Then take a good thick cable, and let itbe very secure, so that it may not, by givingway under use, occasion any accident.One end of the cable will be firmly tiedto the extremity of the lever, on the sidetowards the back of the sky; and, passingthe other end through the pulley, which wasset above the sky, let it, in coming down- wards, pass through the other set below, fortaking the turn towards the capstan.Then at the other end of the lever, thatis, on the side towards the spectators, a cloudmust be constructed, which will be set upontwo pieces of wood of suitable thickness,with perches, on which the persons whoare to be placed upon it may be secure.When the cloud is completed, the endof it is to be set above the end of the lever,balanced between the two pieces of wood in .such wise that, in no matter what way, eitherhigh or low, the lever be moved, the cloudalways remains perpendicular to the horizon,so that, while it should be lowered forwards,the persons who are upon it should not fall dow- nwards, and also so that the lever be not seen. -As has been already said, this cloud,made in this manner, will not be able, inbeing lowered, to emerge from the sectionsof the sky, but will come straight forwards,according as it shall have been installed.In the sky an opening must be made, si- milar to the cloud but a good deal larger, sothat, descending with ease and without impedi- ment, it can issue from the sky, and, retur- ning upwards, can reenter.This aperture must always be closed againwith a piece of sky constructed upon a littleframework of thin pieces of wood, whichmust be as uniform with the sky as possible,both in colour and in conjuncture; and sothat, when the cloud shall have emergedfrom the aperture, and the flap is raised, no- thing irrelevant may appear, the inner partwill also be painted like the outer. Then,on - the other side of the lever, a weight is to*be set, which must outweight the cloud andthe persons upon it so that this end of thelever may keep down of itself, notwithstand- ing the weight of the persons or cloud.When this operation is to be performedthere must be set at the handles four or eightmen, by whom the capstan will be slowlyturned, so that, in like degree, the cloud willbe lowered until it rests upon the level ofthe stage. Then, in making it again returnupwards, they will work the capstan the op- posite way, until the cloud has returned toits original place, taking care that there bealways a man behind the capstan, as wassaid in regard to the other operation, andbearing in mind that the men who have toturn the capstan to make the cloud rise mustbe very attentive, because the cloud wouldrise of itself on account of the greater op- posite weight. Let the support be A. B. secured with, the props or stancions A. C. and A. D. (andmore should they be required), and let E. F.be the lever with its centre poised in A.secured with an iron brace, in such a man- ner that it can be easily lowered or raised ;and let G. be the pulley set above and H.the other one below, and let 1. be the cap- stan : let the cable be tied to the extremity ofthe lever F., and let this pass over the pul- ley G. and come down to the other pulleyH. turning then towards the capstan 1.; andlet the other end be held by a person set atK. and let the framework which closes theaperture of the sky from which the cloud S.is to emerge be L.When the cloud is to be lowered, thosemen who were set above the sky for thepurpose must first make the framework L run along to M. so that in that instant the placewill open whence the cloud is to emerge ;then at the same time the men below willslowly turn the handles N. O. P. Q. of thecapstan I until the extremity of the lever Fhas risen to R. with the result that the cloudE. will be lowered in S. upon the level ofthe stage T. V.In causing it to return subsequently to itsplace the capstan will be turned in the op- posite direction until R. has returned to Fand the cloud S. will be again in its properplace E. : then the framework M. must beimmediately run along to L. in this mannereverything will have returned to its right place.But should there not be a capacious spacebehind the scenes as said above, there mustbe built into the centre of the back wall, ata height of four feet from the stage, an ironbracket very strongly secured, in which mustbe fixed one end of a good beam equal inlength to the distance from there forwards tothe point at which the cloud must descend.,and it must be of sufficient thickness to sup- port the weights both of the cloud and ofthe persons who must be placed there upon ;and it must be set in such a manner that thesaid beam can be easily moved up and downas much as shall be required..Besides this, in the aforesaid wail and inline with the bracket, at a height little morethan half of the said beam, one will set adevice or pulley with two pulley wheels whichmust be well built in and secured to the wall.Afterwards another similar runnel is tobe set with two pulley wheels.Having done this, there must be placedbeneath the stage, at a height of two feetfrom the floor of the auditorium, one singlepulley wheel which must be set in a plumbline with the one above which was built intothe wali, having to serve as guide for thecapstan, which must be set beneath the stageon the side towards the spectators, to the onehand or the other as shall be most convenient.The cloud will be constructed at the endof the length of wood as was said in descri- bing the previous method.Then take a strong cable, and, tying oneend of it in an iron ring which must be setat the base of the upper runnel, pass it overthe first pulley wheel which was set in thewood, and, doubling back through the first, setabove, bring it down, into the second, be- low in the wood, and, passing again throughthe second into the one above, bring it downagain, and make it pass through the pulleywheel set as a guide to the capstan, pullingit taut and winding it round the capstan.In operating it the aforesaid rule is to beadhered to, as was stated above respectingthe first method ; bearing in mind that, shouldmany people take their places on the cloud,so that the said force should not suffice tomake the cloud reascend after having beenlowered, more men must be set at the capstan,or else the pulley wheels must be multipliedboth below and above ; but there will be alittle difficully in lowering it, owing to thealtered proportion of the power to the weight,as is demonstrated in the Mechanics of the mostillustrious Signor Guido Übaldo dal Monte.But in this event a little help may begiven by a person who, standing behind thecloud, pushes the wood forward, so that,being set somewhat in motion in this way,it can then be lowered perfectly well. Inmaking it reascend the capstan will be tur- ned the opposite way as has been said above. Let the level of the auditorium be A. B.and the wail behind the scene C- D. andthe iron Stirrup built into it be E. at a heightof four feet from the level of the stage F. G. ;and let the wooden cross bar be H. E. andthe cloud H. and the runnel I with two pulleywheels built into the wall C. D. in I andthe other runnel in the wood with other twopulley wheels in K. Then let the other singlepulley wheel L be be secured in the wallC. D. under the stage at a height of two feetfrom the level of the auditorium; and let the cap- stan be M with the person N who is to serveto control the cable. Then let one end of the cable be tied to the base of the runnel {and pass through the first pulley wheel set inthe runnel of the wood K., which, returninginto the first pulley wheel in I, passes back into *the second in K. and, passing again into thesecond in 1., comes down into the pulleywheel L. which was set as guide to thecapstan, as was said, winding round the samecapstan M. wiih as many turns as shall benecessary. And let the cloud be construc- ted in H. In making it descend the same ruleis to be observed as was given above in res- pect to the other method, and so also incausing it to reascend, because, as the run- nel which was set in the wood K will bein O, the length of wood E. H. will be inE. P. and the cloud H will be upon thelevel of the stage F. G. in P. Likewisewhen O. shall have risen to K., P. also willhave risen to H. as was intended. NOTE ON "NUVOLE" Giorgio Vasari gives an explanation of the term" Nuvole " or Clouds in his life of 11 Cecca, whichthrows much light on the subject :A square frame was made of planks about two hracciahigh, with fyur strong legs at the angles, which werebound fast together beneath after the manner of trestles;across this frame were laid two planks, each one bracciawide, and having an opening in the centre, half a bracciain diameter, from which arose an upright pole supportinga Mandorla, entirely covered with cotton wool, amidstwhich were angels, lights and other ornaments. In thisthere was an iron fixed across, whereon was placed, seatedor standing, as was desired, a person who represented thatsaint whom the Brotherhood in question principally ho- noured as their advocate and protector ; whether it werethe Saviour, the Madonna, St. John, or any other Saint, .the vestments of the figure concealing the iron in suchsort that it was not seen.To the pole which supported the Mandorla werefastened four or more iron bars, serving in the manner ofbranches to a tree ; they were fixed around and beneaththe Mandorla, and to these irons were secured little chil- dren clothed to represent angels, who were free to moveat heir pleasure on the bracket supporting their feet,which was formed with hinges in a manner suited to that end.By means of such branches three or four circles ofangels or of saints according to the subject represented,were at times exhibited.The whole of this structure, which sometimes repre- sented a Lily, sometimes a Tree, but most frequently aCloud or something similar, was concealed by the cotton wool,and was occupied, as se have before seen, by cherubim,seraphim, etc., .or covered with gold stars and other ornaments.The stairs for ascending these structures and everyother part being covered, as we have said above, withcotton-wool, a very fine effect was produced, and alliheae contrivances were called " Nuvole (Clouds). (1) Published at Ravenna in 1638.(2) See The Mask, April 1926, Vol. XII.(3) Tela may be taken as either linen or canvas. (i) Some practical experience! (i) A note from Giorgio Vasari's 4 Lives of the Painters "descriptive of a JSuvole or Cloud, is given on page 168. (i) mandrel: (in lathe) axis to which work is fixed whileturned. Concise Oxford Dictionary. (x) Incavigliare, to peg or pin. Baretti's Dictionary. PARIS, 1928.A SHOW AND THREEMAGAZINES. p. b. RETURNING from France I find in my lug- gage three magazines not " for favourof review " but bought by me last month.They are " L' Amour de I'Art " (iOfrs.);Le Masque " (fr. 1.50) and the souvenir ofthe " Folies Bergeres: 1928: La Grande Folie."Sixieme album. (10 frs.). FOLIES BERGERES. A T the first glance one would say somewould say that this "Amour de l'Art "was stuff for the high brows. The FoliesBergeres Album one would throw away andcall Tosh. " Le Masque as its so namedand is the first number, one would caress,hoping to find it what Le Masque in anylanguage should be. It is unfortunately nothing,and there an end : and my concern is withthe " L'Amour de l'Art " and Folies Bergeres:Now for a shock.If you'd believe it, it is the stage of theFolies Bergeres which is packed with highbrow stuff: and it is the stalls and the pro- menade which were packed with high-browpeople when I was there ten days ago.You'll suppose 1 report incorrectly, butthis is a fact.I was in the promenade and surroundedby men of all nationalities but mostly French- men. One and all took it all dead-seriously,following every note of the music, every bitof the show, and each gesture of every figureas though these things were by Bach, by Bi- biena, and by a group of performers composedof Duse, Bernhardt, Ellen Terry and Rachel.I have never before seen such intensity,such wrapt solemnity before a piece of ordi- nary bon theatre smeared over with a lot of" artisticness ".The show was slick no one could denythis. It was top-hole, Al : but somehow itdid not seem to me to call for such grave andearnest faces as the five hundred around mewore. Their gravity made me merry.As I looked at them 1 realized that it isthese people who are the only high-brows :ie, folk who stand wrapt and speechless be- fore a jolly old vulgarity served up in a pom- pous solemn manner.What a lark !Highbrow's, yes, they exist right enough;but you've all got it wrong ; you've spottedthe wrong people again.The highb row isn't the young poet withlongish hair and with brains: the highbrow isa tough looking chap, a quite ordinary lookingfellow, a real man in the street. In fact Jones,Smith and Robinson are the highbrows.The show at the Folies Bergeres was acompound of all the old stuff, the true et de- cors, of the last sixty years with some of thediscarded notions of the New Movement plas- tered on them. With this a rather exagge- rated display of naked and semi-naked women.Smolinska should be spoken to : that redrag of hers is repulsive. Colette Jove is sweetand lovely and will be spoken to. Jonescu isa delight: and the modern little Mile. HalinaDorsowna is delicious to her finger tips.Komarova, Skibine and Gretchikine areclever.Montel as Nicolas is, it goes quite withoutsaying, masterly, his sense of rhythm perfect.The Dodge Twins are a trouble. 1 mean itwell. I think they are two of the handsomestwomen the stage has seen for years; but theytry to do things, and they do them fatuously illwith consummate skill. They twitter like noBirds ever did or want to, and they do thesplits to slow music and they turn pure Folieinto lugubrious highbrow rubbish. Where dothey hail from ? Don't tell me from the Landof the Free.Last, but almost best, come Randall andMiss Alice Meva. What a vitality she is he too: but he hadn't the difficult choice tomake of " legs or tights ". She had, and sheplumped for tights, what a stroke of ge- nius, ie. what sound common sense.Besides this she dances and sings andcarries on with a charm which is as young asit is clever, as graceful as it is precise. L'AMOUR DE L'ART. AS for L'Amour de l'Art, t'is a goodserious publication which avoids theexcessive gravity of the Folie Bergere.In the number which I bought'T- was an excellent article on the bridges and hangarst &lt; O t3built by M. Freyssinet, which are not onlylovely things but serve useful purposes,Another article is on Lisa Duncan, pupilof Isadora Duncan. She is a good dancer,but the writer of the article gets off the linesand begins to write of her as la sculptureVerifide. We must write of a dancer as adancer and not connect her with sculpture, forthat way lies nonsense and trouble too... andleads at last to Folie and high-browism.An article on Picasso as stage designer111* . O,should interest every one in any way puzzledby the developments in this branch of stagework. One sees that Picasso has not quitecaught the notion that the theatre is the bookfor those who don't read, — who neither can,or have time to read.It's an old label this, but one which mo- dern stage designers of sense might ponder alittle more often.To make a costume so fantastic that itsays nothing is to miss the mark, and Pi- casso's costume for " Un Manager de Parade "misses the mark. His idea of Le cheval' de Parade' " being a comic interpretationof the old comic stage horse of the last fourhundred years, hits the bull's eye. Yet itwas this horse which aroused such a storm ofprotest: really rather idiotic protest, since ithad been accepted and even tired us a little,this aged horse, four hundred years old.The notes on the work of Picasso say,amongst other excellent or daft things, that" the able use of perspective by Picasso gavean impression of added depth to the stageset, which is something new in theatrical de- coration, "It Was something new about the year 1550,— it was new to the stage but old, eventhen, to the painters : so what the writer, M.Raymond Cogniat, can mean we can but guessat; he don't make himself sufficiently clear.In an interesting article on Sculpture andRomanticism M. Luc Benoist quotes a pas- sage from Proust's " amazing preface to Rus- kin's Sesame and Lilies. " An interestingquotation (is the preface translated into Eng- lish, by the way?) and runs thus: " It isthe spectators who are romantic. Masters(even so-called romantic masters) are alwaysclassic, " which makes me want to read moreof M. Proust, — except, after so satisfying a piece, what more could one want. (i) We hope to see some more numbers of this magazine.Editor. TWO DRAMATISTS. E. G. C. A GREAT NAME FORGOTTEN. I cannot often feel as I felt but yesterdaytowards the writer of one of the best shortplays of the century,—really 1 might say thebest without more hesitation.The work was so perfect, it did so greatan honour to our stage because of this, that,reading it, I felt immensely pjoud of all thea- tres, of all acting, of all its audiences, of alldramatists, and nothing was lacking to mydelight.That there was very little to feel proudof in our Theatre, least of all its faults, didnot occur to me, for I was carried awav.The writer of this play had taken on himthe sins of the others ; he had given themabsolution. And no longer did you all ap- pear guilty of anything ;—but oh, how ridi- culous you suddenly became, for I realizedthat here was and is the Dramatist of theage, and he still waiting to hear a singleround of applause, and damme, again you'veforgotten your cue.Here was and is one who knows betterthan any other the value of the word, thepause, the turn—the almost silent voice,the clear incisive speech, the halting perfecthesitating sounds, the gestures, every one ofthem; the little tricks and the deeper seriousunder-tricks, and then the best of all things,the long swelling under-current which goeson and reaches into all sorts of caverns ofthought and feeling ....all this and more. Histechnical mastery perfect, and spirit all asperfect. And this you never noted; thisyou may have seen and not realized; thisyou may even have made overtures to—through a penny whistle from Hammersmithor Hampstead or the East Indies.And I felt towards this writer once again the old respect which almost all other mo- dern dramatists had killed in me at every playthey issued, such blundering, theatreless menthey are, such contempt for the stage istheirs, and his such love of it: and so it isthat I felt the deepest respect a man canfeel for all writers, but because of this onemost honourable work. A SMALL NAME OVERLOOKED. AND today as I turned the pages of a fa- mous journal I came across an announce- ment of a Theatre and I read that a playwould be performed, and that it was " Lon- don's greatest success ", and I saw not aword said as to who was the writer, the au- thor of this comedy. I was thunderstruck,—- rather offended—and I only a producer ofplays, not a playwright.Why no word to tell us the name of thiswriter of this famous play ?I turned to ten other numbers of the samejournal and looked for the advertisement of. this play. There it flared, but still no name,not even the initials of its author. So itwasn't an accidental omission ; it was a de- liberate blunder committed without forethoughtor after-thought.I was left in wonderment that this author. should not be considered worth naming, thisauthor of " London's Greatest Success.... AN OPPORTUNITY. WHAT, after all, does such an omissionmatter when we have suffered to see thegraver slight to the best living English dra- matist ?—one who has done his work betterthan any others have done theirs, and whoby my calculation must therefore be giventhe laurels.Do you ask me to name him?Surely not.— why should I ? You havenot recognized him for yourselves and he isat no pains about that; and I for my parthave no wish to create an awkward situation.Besides, you would not admit I was cor- rect ; to spite your face you would cut offyour nose and you would pour out all yourconventional arguments on me, and I shouldonly be drenched by your arguments withoutbeing in the least convinced.But those of you who are good honest\ fellows at the game will admit that, if thiswriter's work has been done perfectly, andif this play, as you will have to admit, isreally a faultless sample, (and it's only asample), ....you will also admit that this isreally the stuff you've been wanting, clamou- ring for, and for lack of which the theatrehas gone bare. Then why not go to the ma- nufacturer of it, to this dramatist, and ask fora dozen rolls of the material and once againclothe our theatre and dress our stage. TOWARDS PERFECTION. HOKUSAI SPEAKS ON NEARING EIGHTY. Hokusai. FROM the age of six, I had the passion for drawingthe forms of things. By the age of fifty 1 had pub- lished an infinity of designs ; but all that I produced be- fore the age of seventy is of no account. Only when Iwas seventy-three had I got seme sort of insight into thereal structure of nature—animals, plants, trees, birds, fish,and insects. Consequently, at the age of eighty I sha!lhave advanced still further; at ninety, I shall grasp themystery of things : at a hundred. 1 shall be a marvel, andat a hundred and ten every blot, every line from my brush shall be alive ! AND AT NINETY. Hokusai FROM the age of six I began to draw, and for eighty- four years I have worked independently of the schools,my thoughts all the time being turned towards drawing.It being impossible to express everything in so small aspace, I wished only to teach the difference between ver- milion and crimson lake, between indigo and green, andalso in a general way to teach how to handle round shapesand square, straight lines and curved ; and if one dayI make a sequel to this volume, I shall show children howto render the violence of ocean, the rush of rapids, thetranquillity of still pools, and among the living beings cfthe earth, their state of weakness or strength. There arein nature birds that do not fly high, flowering trees thatnever fruit: all these conditions of the life we live amongare worth studying thoroughly ; and if 1 ever succeed inconvincing artists of this, I shall have been the first to show the way. WALDTEUFEL D. P. SOME things are pretty dreadful on theGramaphone, others defy it. Andteufel is one of them.If for this fact alone I sincerely trust thatthe latest edition of the 44 Dictionary of Music'(not sent for4 favour of review' to 44 The Mask"office) has improved upon its 1911 referenceto the great Waldteufel.He was then given but nine lines, andhis loveliest thing, the immortal Skaters' waltz(I),went unmentioned.Assuredly the Victorian era, when Grove'sDictionary of Music was planned, Was withoutall sentimentality: no more feeling age butwould have devoted at least two pages tothis composer of waltzes.I would devote a whole book to this waltzalone it should be called 44 The Devil ofthe Forest I would write romance afterromance, three hundred and sixty-five romancesfor the three hundred and sixty five days ofthe year, ...spring romances and autumn ones,those of summer and that of winter. Thissweet wailing thing should bind the wholetogether, and I would give away my novelwith every disc sold of the 44 Skaters' Waltz ".It is as good as Strauss: I even love itbetter than Strauss's best.Waldteufel, born in 1837, is excludedfrom the histories of Music which I possess,and I find him in none of my four Biogra- phical Dictionaries. So, for all I know, hemay happily be still living. Emil Waldteufelis his full name and he was born December9th 1837 in Strasburg, so he would be ninety- one years old now.His other waltzes I do not know; but forthis one waltz alone I would give him all theorders of the late German Empire.I sought for his name and portrait in thatadmirable Album issued by Flammarion called44 Le Second Empire", 1851-1870, and feltsure of finding him there, for he was appoint- ed pianist to the Empress Eugenie. It doesnot appear so admirable to me now, for noword or view of Waldteufel is to be foundin it. Yet Bressant is there, and Capoul,Tamberlick and Halevy, Auber and VictorMasse, Ambroise Thomas and Felicien David; and if these, why not the great Waldteufel?for Cora Pearl and Anna Delion are theretoo. Well then.If instead of being an unknown scribblerliving in one of the Courts of Fleet Street Iwere Mr. Arnold Bennett, my words herewould first of all be brighter, my efforts surer,and, what is more, 1 should revive an interestin my great composer.1 feel certain that Bach, Beethoven andMozart if living through these days, whilethey might fidget at Debussy, would assuredlynod the head at Waldteufel.With all the faults he has a supreme virtue.What is it ? The indefinable unless onehappens to be a Mr. Bennett.He is touching, big, a sentimentalist, (notMr. Bennett, Waldteufel) ; but all the moretouching for that; and all I know is this; asthe strains flow out one says 44 Yes, lovely...lovelyWhat's wrong with Waldteufel then for1928? The precise must tell us, and I for one won't listen to them. (i) Number in Gramaphone Catalogue S. 8844. MR. GORDON CRAIGAND BRITISH OPERA. AN OFFER TO SIR THOMAS BEECH AM. Mr. Gordon Craig has sent to " The Mask " the follow- ing " Open letter " to Sir Thomas Beecham. AS a slight sign of appreciation of the work which youhave done for the British Theatre, I would like to- offer you a contribution to your present scheme in the formof the mise-en-scene, with designs, for any one BritishOpera that you may select to present on the completionof your plan to establish British Opera once and for everon a sound basi*.My offer is made on one condition only—that theentire scheme be British, and be allied to no foreign per- sons or purposes whatever. I make the one condition be- -cause 1 believe that this is the sole way to secure success.When Englishmen shall have united to establish at home atheatre as strong as that of Reinhardt in Germany and ofStanislawski in Russia, it will be time enough for us to letour attention be diverted with talk of the internationalismof art, for we shall have made safe what is at present indoubt—the British contribution to that internationalism". Sir Thomas Beecham says : •• I think, it is a very important contribution to thesubject, but 1 have not had time to give that consideredreply to it which I think the letter deserves. In principleI agree with everything Mr. Gordon Craig has said. BOOK REVIEWS. THE NEW VARIORUM EDI- TION OF SHAKESPEARE. "TheTragedie of Coriolanus " Edited byHorace Howard Furness Jr. A. B.Litt. D.J. B. Lippincoti Co. Price 30-.I have always treasured Furness's Va- riorum Edition of 44 Hamlet ",44 Macbeth ", 44 Lear " and a fewothers, and this 44 Coriolanus" addsto my treasure.It is a real mine of learning, forhere we have what almost everyonehas written about each passage of theplay, and we have it on the spot,these commentaries being on the samepage as the lines o; word referred to.So that besides the scholarliness ofthe work there is an aptness, a neat- ness, and an immediate response to ourappeal 44 what does this line mean ? "Sometimes the scholars, attemptingto explain too much, become quiteincoherent and lead us astray; it isthe clear statements of a poet whichare the best of Coleridge ; he couldunderstand Shakespeare very well. Butthen he was a poet.An excellent Index helps us to trace,if we wish to, all the passages herequoted from Coleridge, or to find whatSalvini thought of the character of44 Coriolanus ", what he did here andthere, and what Winter the Americancritic wrote of Salvini in the role.The interpretations of Irving, Phelps,Forrest, Macready, Kemble, are alldealt with adequately: and we aregiven the source of the plot in full.Altogether I should say it is themost useful edition in existence, withone fault;— that each volume is fartoo bulky, and an edition should beprinted on India paper without delay. SHAKESPEARE IN THE 18thCENTURY by David Nicol Smith.Clarendon Press. Price 5/-.QUOTING Dryden's famous passageon Shakespeare in his essay 4 4 OfDramatic Poesie ", the author of thislittle book tells us that 44 it contains in essence.... what the critics Wereto say for the next hundred years ".So that Shakespeare was fixed up forthe whole 18th century by a twentyline passage of praise more or less vague- ly worded by the excellent Dryden.Amongst other things Dryden saidthat he was sure that the wit of hispredecessors.... 44 our predecessorshe writes.... 44 was not that of gen- tlemen ".It was obviously chilly that mor- ning when Dryden penned those words,and the warmth of wit was no longerwhat it was; the capacity to movewit—one's own one's mother-wit was near gone. The machine is slow- ing down.Dryden's gent'emen were good fel- lows, but after all, they had to con- sider the French ways or there wouldbe trouble. The 44 something ill-bredand clownish " that was in the Eliza- bethans (and which won for Englandso much) was all right for dead men,but for the living a more profitablewit, a wit which could hold its ownin London, suppose at the French Em- bassy,—not a French wit but a—wella more gentlemanly wit.,., that is whatwas felt Was so desirable at that mo- ment.... 44 just now " they say. 44 Finefellows in Elizabeth's time but...." andas David Nico! Smith says, 44 the riseof the middle-class and all that itmeans dates from that time ".Dryden was an experimenter. His44 AH for Love " is Shakespeare's44 Antony and Cleopatra " rewritten ;it is 44 a triumph of craftsmanship ".Van Gogh experimented in this waywith paintings of his predecessors,—with Daumier's and Millet's and Do- re's.There seems to be no law to for- bid it, and why should there be ? IfI were a producer I would rather liketo take Shaw's 44 St Joan " and re-do it.A good deal of such experiment isgoing on up in Russia. But one shouldat least wait until the author of thework one wants to cut up has beendead twenty-five years.David Nicol Smith is a little sternwith the stage, and assures us that44 We shall have a lower opinion ofthis period if we judge it by the to- pical representations and again, 44 1cannot think that our successors a hun- dred years hence will get us quiteright if they take some recent costlyproduction of the London theatres asthe true measure of our appreciation " :he returns to this several times.I suppose he is right: it is a pitythat no more effort in the LondonTh eatre is made to prove him wrong. THE WORLD TO PLAY WITHby Ashley Dukes. Oxford Univer- sity Press. Price 6/-.■KHMMOWMIMI « IV IWMH ■■MlltflMMMBMIMMll IIIMrmHWaMMMMMMaHBEGINNING with some sound good'seventy blank verse lines on Shake- speare which are full of commonseme, Mr. Dukes then drops intoprose and wriles us some of the bright- est essays on the Theatre that haveappeared for a long timeMr. Dukes, like most artists, is ableto appreciate things well, and he is elo- quent and logical, and he is also quiteprovocative.I believe if he went slower his ar- ~guments might gain in strength, butsuch speed is in the eloquent talk thatyou have no lime to stop him to cry41 Hi you ....Dukes ....hold on theresay it again slowly ! ". Besides, thatwould perhaps be like asking the con- jurer to do his trick slowly. Withthis excellent if dangerous gift he may -care to do but little more than hedoes : he may prefer to develop giftswhich he does not even possess, andthen he will do as most of us do, hewill attempt to play " Hamlet " whenborn to be the greatest " Osric " everseen upon the stage.One of the mam faults of our Eng- "lish Theatre, in fact of all our Englishactivities, is that everyone is in hiswrong position ; not trying to fill toosmall a role or too large a one, butto fill one for which he is not very welladapted.We have the good Butt of Drury .Lane : the role he should fill is thatof plain unadvertised advertising ag:ntto a good Theatre—no more. He isa minor talent. Instead he would swellup to seem like a Kemble and is slightlyridiculous.Cochran, too, is quite out of hisright place, ....and now we hear thatLord Birkenhead, after proving hispowers as a unique statesman, hasgone into business.Really, it is not a little stupid toalio w this sort of thing.The Button-moulders rule empireand the men of genius make and sellbuttons. THE ARTISTS OF THE 1890'sty John Rothenstcin. Routledge &amp;Sons. Price 10/6. Illustrated. THIS book has given me a gooddeal of pleasure; not only be- cause it is so ably done and charming- ly written, but because it tells me ofmen I regret not to have known, andof others of whom I am glad to *know more. Some of the anecdotes and thesayings of Wilde, of Legros, will bequite new to the Public, and they arefresh and excellent because preservedfor us so carefully by William Ro- thenstein, the father of the author ofthis book.44 Conder is wonderful, my dearWill, he takes you aside and persuadesyou with that irresistible acumen whichis the peculiarity of poets, to buy afan for five pounds for which you wereperfectly prepared to pay twenty".Wilde saying this is excellent, andthe words have been faithfully repor- ted. What cannot be recorded isWilliam Rothenstein's manner of repeat- ing it.Surely few men of this age enjoyedmore or better than William Rothenstein;and this intense enjoyment all floodedwith the most innocent laughter, themost glowing appreciation of a jest,the most tender affection for who evermay have uttered it, was a thing noone will ever be able to describe ; orthe aspect of Rothenstein when tellingsuch things and adding to them withgusto.He had and has all sorts of sides,grave, witty; but the exuberant sidewas and is a joy to all who know him.And so perhaps the most interes- ting chapter in this volume is the onewritten on him by his son. The leastinteresting to my . mind deals withMax Beerbohm.I suppose to some people all theseartists of the IB9o's seem to havelived ages ago. Some shall even sup- pose them dead, some living neverheard of them. And I dare say thatthere is only one of them whose workwill in the faintest degree give toothers who wish to know that parti- cular artist some glimpse of the manhimself. And that seems to be im- portant and so very nice. What elseis nicer or more important ?And that one is Max Beerbohm.And yet, although I say this, there isnobody a hundred years from nowwho will know the man sufficientlyfrom his works to be able to say intruth that he knows him. Flow ter- rible ! And here have 1 been all mylife imagining that I knew Flaubert,that I knew William Blake, oh verywell; Van Gogh, and even men wholived as far ago as Callot and oldFerdinando Bibiena I And here againis sufficient reason for sudden death,a happy release from all the terrorsof life. Alive, you hardly know your- self ; dead, and I'm damned if a soulwill know you. And if it were notfor the fact that this is a delicious thought, it would he really very ter- rible. It is delicious in the sense thata great adventure is delicious.Who knows of anyone's great ad- ventures ? Putting aside RobinsonCrusoe's made-up affair, no one knowswhat it is makes them so wonderful,and Beerbohm must feel this delight,not of being unknown* but forever re- maining unknown.So when Mr. John Rothenstein, fol- lowing an excellent tradition that hasbrought forth innumerable volumes for us,when this young critic adds one morevolume, to the existent efforts to explainwhat cannot even be apprehended, itshows that life is merely to-day as it everwas, and as foolhardy. And all I wouldsay here is that the reader must notsuppose that he gets at any of theseartists of the nineties. Books like thisone are all pleasant small talk, andwhen the talk is between Ricketts £ndWilde, Whistler and the others, thenit is entertaining small talk. And inth s book there are quite a number ofnew anecdotes, scraps of conversationwhich are not to be found in otherbooks which deal with the same ce- lebrated figures.Especially interesting is the Rickettsand Shannon chapter. There aresome good illustrations, and one byWalter Greaves seems to me to bethe most 44 advanced" thing in thebook. It seems like one of the paint- ings of the futurists, and it wouldhave been nice to have reproduced itin colour.Perhaps Mr. John Rothenstein willwrite a whole book about Greaves,the Greaves no one knew and no onecan know, and give us twenty or thirtyof his designs in colour.And I like Mr. John Rothenstein'stalent for keeping the ball rolling ; itis really excellent. When he has no- thing to say he can still go on andhold us as he tells us whatthe modern mind was doing at theend of the 18th century and whatOswald Spengler says, and why therewas a revolt against classicism and ailthe rest of it.I am unconvinced, but I am ratherproud of Mr. John Rothenstein. THE THREE COUSINS by Geof- frey Moss. Hutchinson &amp; Co. Price 7/6.DESCRIBED as 44 a collection ofsparkling stories ", these fourteentales would sustain any young author'sreputation, being varied, entertainingand original ; but sparkling is the wrongadjective to use.Not dull like the most popular of short story telle* s, he is rot as remark- able as Conrad, for example.He holds a place somewhere be- tween these two, which is, after all, notso mean a place and Mr. Moss canstill do better. MEMOIRS OF MADAME DEPOMPADOUR by Mme du Haussether Waiting- Woman. Roulledge. Price10 6 net.MEMOIRS OF MADAME DUBARRI by herself. Cassell. Price10/6 net.THESE memoirs of the two conspi- cuous ladies who in turn appealed tothe fancy of Louis XV, issuing fromthe two different publishing houses,come aptly together by the same post.To take the senior, and greaterlady first. Her Memoirs, translated,with an Introduction, by F. S. Flint,have come down to us by the merestchance, having been saved from bur- ning by the intervention of M. S£-nac de Meilhan, a friend of her bro- ther the Marquis de Marigny, 44 Find- -44 ing the Marquis one day burning4: papers, de Meilhan saw him pick" up a large packet, about to throw44 it on the fire, with the words, 44 It44 is the diary of my sister's waiting- -44 woman. She was a very worthy44 creature ; but her diary is all twad- -44 ale. To the fire with it44 He stopped. 44 Do you not think ",44 he continued, that 1 am like the cur£44 and the barber in Don Quixote,44 when they burnt the romances of44 chivalry ?44 i will ask you to spare this one "44 said Senac de Meilhan. 44 I like41 anecdotes, and I shall no doubt find44 something to interest me \44 I am quite willing " replied M.44 d? Marigny, and he handed the44 packet to him " : . ..and so we to- day can read, in this English ver- sion so excellently printed by MessrsRoulledge in their admirable 44 Broad- way Library of XVIII Century FrenchLiterature the amazing story, per- haps 44 all twaddle cf Jeanne-An- toinette, who, daughter of FrancoisPoisson the weaver, became virtualQueen of Fran.ce, as it passed beforethe observant or curious eyes of herwaiting-woman Mme. du Hausset.It is the tale of a dazzling career ;that of a woman of the lower bour- geoisie who fascinated Louis XV, andfor whose caprices the greatest figuresof the court were subject at any timeto public humiliation, as when theDue de Richelieu nearly went to theBastille for the fourth time because he %attempted to thwart her over her thea- tre. Voltaire also, the 44 first benefi- ciary of Madame de Pompadour's in- fluence ' so soon as the King's patenthad raised her from the humble estateof Madame d'Etioles, was to owehis dismissal to her, following uponsome indiscreet verses: the Court, pre- pared to mock, was obliged, outwardlyat least, to be respectful and orderitselr lowly and reverently to the newand brilliant star in the royal firma- ment : and the Duchess, having attain- ed her position, knew well hew tomaintain it.Lou's XV was, we are told, allhis life 44 pursued by an implacableboredom '', and she held him by hercapacity to keep him amused. 44 When44 the charms of her physical attrac- -44 tions began to wane, she invented4t her theatre, Le Theatre des Petils•4 Appartemens on which she dis- -44 played her graces and talents as an44 actress, singer and dancer ". TheKing was, we read, proud of his ac- complished mistress. 14 1 he theatre cost44 a lot of money; but it achieved4 Madame de Pompadour's purpose44 so well that when, somewhere about44 1752, all intimate relations had44 ceased between them" says this twad- dle, 44 she became the King's indis- -44 pensable friend, confidante, adviser,44 and assistant in the business of44 State " : ....which shows that aTheatre sometimes may have a usethat one had never thought of before.One of the illustrations in the bookshows a 44 Performance of A as etGalciee by Madame de Pompadour'sCompany from a Wash drawing byCochin, " and, in Appendix A., thereis an interesting fourteen-page Histori- cal Note on *4 The Performances inthe Little Galleries of Louis XVtranslated from the account by Loujon.When Madame de Pompadour hadmet death, dressed in full Court cos- tume, in 1764, after being the 44 un- crowned queen of France " for twentyyears, His Most Christian MajestyLouis XV was in grave danger offalling into a disastrous boredom. For,although the Marquise had for tenyears or more been but 44 indispens- able friend, confidante, adviser", hercharming finger had been in every po- litical and domestic pie ; by her intel- ligence and skill she had 44 maintainedherself in the favour of a monarch asfickle as he was ruthless ", this being theaccepted notion of Louis XV, andone being reconsidered to-day. Whenher own charms had ceased to at- tract " she 44 had instituted the Parc- aux-Cerfs, and kept it replenished with girls of fitting comeliness ". NowLouis, already fifty-four, found himselfsuddenly, as one may say, at a looseend, if so colloquial an expression maybe applied to so imposing a personage.He had, thanks to Madame de Pom- padour, efficient ministers, so that po- litically he should not miss her toomuch ; and Lebe!, 44 h)s discreet andassiduous valet did what he couldto provide other, attractions and 44 aconstant variety of beauty " : but theking, says twaddle, missed 44 the men- tal stimulant of some clever or impu- dent woman as his constant compa- nion , and at this propitious moment,in 1769, Lebel, probably harrassedby his responsabilities, had the goodfortune to introduce to his royal mas- ter the beautiful Madame du Barri,... and the trick was done. 44 Fromthat day until his death, five yearslater, Louis was, we are told, a mereinsiiument in her hands, to be wieldedaccording to the schemes of the menwho had put her in power ".Madame du Barri was also of novery exalted birth. The best evenshe herself can find to say of her fa- ther's family is that it was 44 by nomeans despicable ", that it 4* camefrom very good citizens and even ofpetty nobility but 44 My father, ha- ving no fortune, had been compelledto accept a mean situation as a clerkat the Barrieres ", ....was, in fact, aCustoms-house clerk. Still Marie-Jeannewas endowed with beauty, a beautyon which, after the father had diedleaving his family penniless, her mo- ther and she staked all their hopes.Placed in a boarding-school at theexpense of her rich god-father, shewas in her sixteenth year apprenticedto a milliner and was 44 almost eman- cipated, almost free "•On the second Sunday of her newexistence she went to visit a school- friend : the family took her for a walkon the boulevards 44 and after the walk44 we went to the theatre. It was the44 first time such a pleasure had been44 presented to me; it so completely44 laid hold of my mind and imagina- -44 tion that I almost forgot the pre- -44 sence of the brother of Genevieve.44 Seated by my side, he was only44 thinking how he should express his44 love for me ", and from that day44 The image of Genevieve's brotherpursued me sleeping or waking ". Thiswas the beginning, the 44 first love ofthe King's future mistress After thiscame the dashing Comte d'Aubuisson,44 who, himself alone, made more noise44 than a whole regiment. His inso- -44 lence, which I took for grandeur, 44 had a prodigious effect upon me.44 He came to order the prompt com- -44 pletion of a hat for the Duchess de44 Viileroißrother Nicholas, withhis proposals of honourable marriage,'W£S soon forsaken. 44 Had 1 listened44 to my heart, it would have guided44 me wisely, but I abandoned myself44 to my vanity, and my vanity des- -44 troyed me After that came a44 young Biscayan ", 44 He was thethird ! " : but the list of all the con- quests previous and subsequent to thegreat conquest is far too long, andmust be read in these confessions ofMadame du Barri herself, throughwhich we get vivid glimpses respec- ting half the notabilities of the times.Madame du Barn", like Madame dePompadour, had her taste for thetheatre : and the sisters Verri&amp;re, who44 bore the sceptre of the highest gal- lantry", Mile Guimard, and other figuresof the stage pass across these pages, inthe midst of all kinds of details of intrigueand scandal; while some interesting detailsare given of Madame du Barri's owntheatricals and the later performancesof ihe Petit Tiianon, relating to oneof which the following anecdote is re- lated :44 At one of these representations,44 and just at the moment when the44 queen (O.had concluded a little song,44 a loud hiss was heard. Pier majesty,44 fully sensible of there being but one44 person in the company who would44 presume to venture such a mark of44 disapprobation, advanced to the front44 of the theatre, and, addressing the44 king, said, with a low curtsy, 44 Sir,44 if my performance does not meet44 with your approbation, have the44 kindness to retire. You will have44 your money returned you at the44 door.This speech 44 was loudly applau- -44 ded, and the king, while asking44 pardon for his offence, protested44 l hat he had committed it mere- -44 ly for the sake of mischief, and44 by no means from ill-nature ". How*44 ever ", adds the Duchess, 44 it44 was universally admitted that Marie44 Antoinette's acting fell far belowmediocrity, and might well have4; justified the disapproval of her con- -44 sort. The royal corps was soonweary of playing to so scanty anaudience, and longed for a fewadmiring friends to witness their exer- "tions. Accordingly, a select number44 of courtiers was admitted, to theextreme envy aud jealousy of suchas were excluded. One of the mal- 4i contents -said, in my hearing, 44 Her" majesty seems over-fond of playing44 comedy; perhaps, ere long, she will*4 favour us with a tragedy ".Well, there was tragedy enoughawaiting them all, actors and audience,and, if Marie Antoinette played herpart on the theatre-stage poorly, sheplayed it courageously enough in that&gt;last tragic act on the Place de la Re- volution ; whereas Madame du Barri,condemned to death, 4i With an over- -44 whelming, passionate desire to live ,no matter at what cost, began a se- ries of 44 revelations compromising every,$4 one whose life, she hoped, might be la- -444 ken in exchange for her own " ; so that114 more than one innocent went to theVguillctine on the strength of her words * ,while she herself was borne to thescaffold in such crazy terror, so 44 de- mented with anguish " that those ac- customed to the composure of thearistocrats -before a like ordeal wereamazed.The Memoirs from which this bookis taken appeared, says the editor, in1829, under the nominal editorship ofLamothe-Langnon. Though 44 written44 as autobiography, it would, perhaps,4 44 be belter to say that in those Memoirs* 44 the editor collected the many remi®* 14 niscences then current of Madame du1 44 Barri and welded them into connected'44 narrative. The facts related are indis- * * putably true, and their presentation44 through the medium cf her personality,a personality, which pervades the whole444 book, throws a light of its own'S4 upon that strange and tragic period44 immediately preceding the French44 Revolution ".iHowever they came into being, they* are certainly readable. (i) Marie Antoinette. LAZARUS LAUGHED. Enginei O'Neill. Boni and Lioeright, 1927.! Price $ 2,50.if"" Lazarus : (His voice is heard in a□J gentle, expiring sigh of compassion,followed by a faint dying note oflaughter that rises and is lost in thesky Hke the flight of his soul back. into the womb of Infiniiy).44 Fear not, Caligula I There is no- death ! "Well, we should call this devilishhighbrow in England, and in Italy weshould call it precisely highbrow, andin France they would call it a lotmore. And what would they say inv Germany ? I think they would ratherlike it, but I also think that the prin- ting of a play is a most unfair pro- - ceeding, because it has to come be- fore ordinary men with a sense ofluimour and other common senses, andwhen they read this,—Ha-ha-ha-ha ! Ha-ha-ha-ha !Let us die, Lazarus !Mercy, Laughing One IMercy of death !Ha-ha-ha-ha ! Ha-ha ha-ha INo, it simply won't wash, they arein no laughing mood, and although Iam pretty positive that O' Neill is nota man with a great sense cf humour,yet with a lot of practicability in hisnature, with the sense of a theatreman and a really most able being, inthe piece I have quoted there is somuch insincerity and so much twaddle,that i am forced to believe that it isnot O* Neill's fault but the fault ofthis beastly fjrint, and the habit ofprinting plays which should be heardand seen and never read. But I fancy44 The Mask " has said this for some- thing like twenty years, and of course44 The Mask " is wrong. Because fortyout of eighty of the pages of Macbethcan be read, and the whole thing blazelike anything and s ldom is there anysound of insincerity. And the samecan be said of forty of the pages ofKtng Lear, and of course other plays.But even to have found two whichprove tone wrong about one s sweep- ing theory is a comfort. The onlycurse is when these Lazarus playsprove you right.This play of O' s is muchtoo full of stage directions. Forexample,— believe me, ;I open entirelyat random :Pompeia walks to the dais whichshe ascends slowly until she stands byCaesar*s couch, beside himy confron- ting Lazarus.The stage directions continue -foranother six lines and end up :Pompeia leans over and takes apeach from the bowl of fruit on Cae- sar s table, and taking Tiberius handin the other, she fusses it, and callsinsistingly ;44 Caesar, it is I, Pompeia ' .Now, when you have to tell actorsthat there have to be peaches, andnot pears, in a bowl on a table andthis chief actress has to walk slowlyto a dais, and that she has to standbehind, and not at the side of Cae- sar, things are getting very impracti- cable. Suppose in 44 King Lear 'had some such strange and uselessstage direction. I ake for instance Cor- delia's line : 44 And so I am , Youall remember it. Good ! Now let usre-write the stage direction : Leaf...* Bellevfi trr»s lady to be mydaughter ".Cordelia (walking to the dais, upto which she trips with rapidity, andstands behind Lear's couch, Lear con- tinues to stare into space. His wholebeing relaxing, a dreary Smile softenshis hard mouth. Cordelia runs over,taking a whisp of hawthorne from abowl on the right of Lear, and stro- king the white hair of her father withthe bough, kisses his forehead, coosinto his ear:) " And so 1 amNow doesn't this spoil the wholething ? And it it can spoil Shake- speare, how easy it is then to spoilO Neil!. But fifteen lines of stage di- rection is nothing to O'Neill. There isone of his which counts up to aboutthirty-two. Between almost every speechis a stage direction. Mary is to say" hysterically the father is to say" frenziedly", the mother is to say44 fanatically " or " tearfully Maryis to speak 44 defiantly ". Now thereare at least seventy shades of defianceper person, one hundred shades ofhysteria and of frenzy, and thereforeit is making it so easy for the actorwhen he is told as here that all hehas to do is to be frenzied or de- fiant in one and the same old way the one and only way according tothis author.If there are going to be long stagedirections I like them to be all of amore subtly discriminating nature thanthis. Let the author look into the wholepast life of Mary and the father andthe mother. Let us hear what kindof voice Mary actually had. How itwas affected by a feeling of defianceon Mondgy, Tuesday, and so on. Whatsort of thing made her snap or snarl herwords. What made her coldly de- fiant, frantically defiant, and sincerelydefiant and so on. But that would meanlong discussions of Mary and her ways,her life, and even then 1 doubt if wewould get it. Surely the great actoris needed at last. STAGE DECORATION by Shel- don Cheney. Chapman &amp; Hall.Price two guineas net.MR. Cheney's review of ModernDecors was already reviewed,in its American edition, in the April-June number of 44 Ihe Mask", and,save for repeating that Mr. Cheneyis one of the ten or fifleen men whofor the last twelve years have beenclosely observing what is going on inthe 1 heatfe? of Europe and America,we refer cur readers back to thatreview. It is a book which, in the swiftnessand simplicity with which it surveysthe work of the New Movement, andglances over the Historical backgroundof that Movement, should be withineasy reach of the student and workerof the Theatre today : and those whomade its American publication a pre- text for finding it difficult of access,have no further excuse now thatMessrs Chapman and Hall have is- sued it in their very midst.It contains 127 illustrations, inclu- ding reproductions of works by AdolpheAppia and Craig.II nil— !■■!! !■■■■ IB— 111 I 111 H II ll—l W—i— ll —— ■ ■■■ I ■! 1 ■ II LETTERS FROM JOSEPH CON- RAD. / 895- / 924, Edited by EdwardGarnett. Bobbs Merrill Company.U. S. A." YY/HAT is life worth if one can-W not jabber to one's heart'scontent ? These may sound unlike- ly words to proceed from the iro- nic, often sardonic, author of 44 LordJim " and " The Secret Agent ne- vertheless they are Conrad's own words,and addressed to his friend EdwardGarnelt, recipient of this long seriesof letters which Mr. Garnelt nowedits and makes public.They show a curious dependenceupon, as well as a keen affection for theman who first, as reader to Mr. Fis- her Unwin, recommended "Almayer'sFolly " for publication and, in theirfrankness, their wholly unguarded na- ture, pay a tribute to the trusted cha- racter. of the friend to whom theyWere addressed as well as throwingmuch interesting light upon the mindand fortunes of the one. who wrotethem.They reveal how fierce was thestruggle for existence of this writerwho would not, no matter how despe- rately pressed for money, write lessthan his best. He works under deadlyfinancial pressure, hedged in by allthe domestic worries which lack ofmoney can bring in their train, but heworks on ; and to this intimate friendwhom he regarded as his 44 father inletters" he poured himself out throughalmost thirty years, in letters which,as Mr. Garnett says in his sympathe- tic introduction, reveal marvellouslyConrad's personality, his buoyant tem- perament and resilient moods, his un- canny insight, his skeptical faith andphilosophical irony, his charming frank- ness and great affectionateness, his flash- ing wit, his humor, often playful,often fiercely sardonic ".It anyone still doubt© how hard the consciencious artist's life can be, theymay inform themselves convincinglyenough from these pages: may seehow the artist, far from conceiving injoy and bringing forth in peace mayconceive in agony and bring forth indesperation, ...and with every atten- dant harassment that can render hisordeal more severe.On page after page we find suchsentences as: 44 Am used to hard- ships and privations of all kinds " : " Ihave had a lot of worries. A man 1love much had been very unfortunate inaffairs " and 44 I also lose pretty wellall that remained Writing about44 the ghastly Rescue ", he says:** Your commendation of part one plun- -44 ges me simply into despair—because44 part two must be very different in44 theme if not in treatment and I am44 afraid this wiil make the book a44 strange and repulsive hybrid, fit only44 to be stoned, jumped upon, defiled44 and then held up to ridicule as a44 proof of my ineptitude " :... 44 I am44 in desperation and I have practically44 given up the b00k.... I am para- -44 lyzed by doubt and have just sense44 enough to feel the agony but am44 powerless to invent away out of44 it ". and so on and so on, interspersedamong all kinds of interesting detailsof the production and progress of hisbooks, the negotiations with publishers,the little sums secured as an advanceon royalties to keep the pot boiling :and comments on contemporary booksand writers, and personal news.Mr. Garnettr, referring to Conrad'sslow progress in increasing his circle ofreaders, says that 44 Nineteen yearsof arduous work (1895-1913) failedto bring him into real prosperityIn 1896 44 He was so depressed byhis position that he explained to mehis hopes of getting a command at•*sea «...But in his last years some measureof success came to him, and 44 Whenworldly success came at last to Conradit increased his desire to refer to theold days and to remind one of anyoffices done him in the early yearsof authorship ".If that be so, Conrad would havebeen glad that these letters should bemade public, since they are a long re- cord of 44 offices done him " in thosehard times ; but Mr. Garnett is proba- bly the last man to be aware what atribute to himself are these Letterswhich he has edited :... or to whatextent, if they reveal the character ofthe writer, they also reveal that of theman who was his faithful friend forthirty years. A HISTORY OF GARDEN ARTby Marie Luise Gothein, Edited byWalter Wright, Translated from theGerman by Laura Archer-Hind. TwoVols. /. M. Dent &amp; Sons. Price84j- net. THIS a work which delights at thefirst perusal, and will, I am certain,delight all who possess it for years- to come ; for it is on one of the mostentrancing subjects in the world, theGarden, and.it treats of this in the.most comprehensive and satisfying way.The Edilor has reason to say itis 44 a work of supreme abilitythat it presents 44 a panorama begin- ning in that dim past in which his- tory itself took birth, and extendingthrough ages crowded with vital eventsand heroic figures ", and that it 44 is44 at once significant and enthralling to44 realize how closely gardening has44 been interwoven with those decisiveoccurrences and those momentous44 personalities which have affected hu- -46 man destinies the most profoundly ".It is a work which takes its place as;a Garden classic, covering the wholeground from Ancient Egypt, Wes- tern Asia in ancient times, ancient:Greece, the Roman Empire, the By- zantine Gardens and the Countries of*Islam down to the [gardens of the?Middle Ages in the West, and offItaly, Spain, Portugal, France, Eng~-land, Germany and the Netherlands,in the time of the Renaissance. Longchapters are devoted to the Time ofLouis XIV ; to the brencb Garden inEuropean Countries; to China andJapan; to the English Landscape Gar- den, the Tendencies of Garden Artin the Nineteenth Century, ModernEnglish Gardening, and LandscapeArchitecture in the United States andCanada. There is a detailed tableor Contents, an excellent alphabeticalIndex, and 688 enchanting illustrations, .giving views of gardens and garden *plans of all ages and all lands.Madame Gothein dates her Preface •to the first edition in 1913 from Hei- delberg ; her preface to the secondedition in 1925 fiom Banjoemas, Java, .and tells us that it was in 1904, ata meeting of the New PhilologicalSociety at Cologne, in an address on -the Origin of English Landscape Gar- -demng, that she offered 44 the firstfruits of those studies out of which -this book has grown": and she isright in thinking that this work ofheis 44 should appeal to readers ofmany sorts ; to the archeologist, to the *historian of art, to the historian, in- *cieed of any kind of civilization ". We, in 14 The Mask ", naturallyscan every book first for its relationto the Theatre, and we wish MadameGothein had found it possible to giveus more details,... such as in her wideand profound study she must certainlyhave accumulated.... respecting thegarden Theatres of the world. Some- thing she does tell us, as in thepage or two devoted to Philip Il'stheatre at Buen Retiro : but the ma- terial is so abundant ; and MadameGothein must know so well where tolay her hands on any she has not al- ready amassed, that we trust she maypresently give us a book devotedwholly to Garden Theatres, ....thetheatres of Italy and Spain and Viennaand France and England, and the ar- tists who produced the plays, and theactors who played on those sunlit ormoon-lit stages. PUNCH AND JUDY, With an in- troduction by Charles Hall Grandgentand illustrations by Ceorge Cruik- shank, George Allen &amp; Unwin. Price3/6 net.THIS is a welcome appearance in anew edition of an old friendheretofore not easily met with saveamong the ranks of old and second- hand hooks.Upon an early fly-leaf is inscri- bed " First printed in Great Britain1928 " by which presumably MessrsAllen and Unwin intend to announcethat this is the first time an editionissues from their House : for the firstedition appeared in 1828 44 with twenty- four illustrations designed and engra- ved by George Cruikshank, accompa- nied by the dialogue of th? puppet- show " in London, 44 printed for Sep- * timus Prowett, 55, Pall Mai!, Bvo ",and a third edition 44 printed for Teggin 1844": and a fifth edition 44 pub- lished by Bell and Daldy, in 1870,the plate?, coloured and printed sepa- rately, signed G. Ck. ": while a Ger- man edition, with the cuts printed insepia, was published at Stuttgart in1865. A copy—first-proof etchingscomplete, sold at George Cruikshank'slibrary sale, 1868, for £ 17.The above dates are given in theLife of George Cruikshank (0 by Blan- chard Jerrold, who remarks, relative,to the 44 Punch and Judy " designs, on44 the power of Cruikshank to inform,a puppet with life, and keep it wood- en still and who gives an interes- ting passage in which Cruikshank him- self relates his entry upon and accom- plishment of this particular piece ofwork :Having been engaged by Mr.Prowett, the publisher, to give theVarious scenes represented in the streetperformances of " Punch and Judy 99,1 obtained the address of the pro- prietor and performer of that popularExhibition.He Was an elderly Italian of thename of Piccini, whom I rememberedfrom boyhood, and he lived at a lowpublic-house, the sign of The ' KingsArms 9 in the ' Coal Yard \ DruryLane.Having made arrangements for a' morning performance' one of thewindow frames on the first-floor ofthe public-house was taken out, andthe stand, or PuncKs theatre, washauled into the ' club-room *.Mr. Payne Collier (who Was towrite the description), the publisher,and myself formed the audience;and as the performance went on, Istopped it at the most interestingparts, to sketch the figures, whilstMr. Collier noted down the dialogue,and thus the whole is a faithful copyand description of the various scenesrepresented by this Italian, whoseperformance of 4 Punch ' was far su- perior in every respect to anything ofthe sort to be seen at the present day.The figure whose neck he used tostretch to such a great height was asort of interlude.Piccini made the figure take offhis hat with one hand, which he de- fied all other puppet-show performersto do.Piccini announced the approach ofPunch by sound of trumpet *\&lt;1 It was only after referring to thisextract in Blanchard Jerrold's "Life"that I discovered it reprinted at theend of this new edition, and suggestthat, in the next edition, it might behelpfully placed at the beginning, im- mediately after the Preface, in which,in his brief three and a half pagesMr* Grandgent finds place to say se- veral serious things; as, for example,in his closing words: "now we beginto understand why Mr. Punch is sopopular with us all, and why he ap- peals, most irresistibly to the young.It is because we see in him the fulfil- ment of our repressed desires. He isthe Spirit of Revolt. Mr. Punch isnot only the Hero—he is also thetypical Superman, the supreme Self-Expressionist ".But why is Mr. Payne Collier'sname omitted from the title page. ..which bears the names of Mr. Grandgent and George Cruikshank0n1y..,, considering how important apart he played in this record of " TheTragical Comedy or Comical Tragedyof Punch and Judy " } (1) The Life of Geo ge Cruikshankby Blanchard Jerrold. 2 vols, illus:Chatto &amp; \Vindus 1882. LE THEATRE, LE CIRQUE, LEMUSIC-HALL ET LES PEINTRES DU XVIII SIECLE A NOSJOURS. Preface de Camille Mauclair. Flammarion, Paris, Price 70francs. p. b. EXCELLENT M. Mauclair has gi- -1 ven us barely fifteen pages ofPreface and that was clever of him. Hemerely mentions by names the pain- ters, designers for the stage, the dancers,actresses, singers, and not by anymeans all of these: he recalls Wag- ner and Bayreuth and refers to thepower that all that is contained in theword spectacle has upon painters. Aword about Fortuny, Bakst and Benois,something about Mme Raquel Meller,and he is done.Excellent M. Mauclair; .... butwhy did you forget Isadora Duncan ?After this brief Preface we enterthe big book itself and its 118 largepage reproductions of the lesser knownand practically unknown drawings, pain- tings, and engravings of Circus, MusicHall and Theatre : more Circus andMusic Hall than Theatre.The now rather familiar 44 Concertdonne a Rome en 1729 " by Pan- nini reproduced in "The Mask" (0is given and I was again convincedthat some modern painter would dowell to repaint that wonderful sceneand paint it properly. For Panninididn't : the reproductions in black andwhite are many times better than thepicture itself which is curiously dead.I saw the original last month for the firsttime and had expected so much and wasdisappointed as never before in anypicture. Sir William Orpen, if hecopied it and transformed it into co- lour which was really colour, wouldmake a miracle of it all. Pannini de- serves this of Orpen for he has de- signed it well.Two drawings by C. N. Cochin n- cluded in this book, designs for theinterior of a little court theatre, arevery delicious and are quite new tome, as is the Decor by Isabey of 1826,a not at all Isabeyish thing, but pretty,A Decor attributed to Carlo Bi- biena should surely be attributed tohim for as short a time as possible,for it is not by him ; no Bibiena ever failing to the extent this Dec°r failsin perspective, design and charm, and Jin that Gal!i-c elaboration which is ithe hallmark of th's famous family of iscenographers.A reproduction is given of a water 1colour (is it a water-colour?) by Tou- louse-Lautrec from the collection ofM. Arnold Seligman. But not forthe usual reason does it charm methough it delights me no less so. Why Ilike it so much is that it makes me laughfor very long when ever I look at it.It represents Valentin le desosse andla Goulue dancing at the Moulin-Rouge:and here again in this design are thosehigh-brows to which I referred on ano- ther page (T), in my review of the pro- gramme of the 1928 Folies Berg^res.Ten to eleven high-brow gentlemenin evening dress are depicted looking onat Valentin and La Goulue and taking itto be wonderful serious high art. Thewrapt expressions of the wearied menwho have come out late to taste high- art, to differentiate betwixt La Gou- lue and something, say, at the Operahouse at which they have sat, sittingout the, to them, wearisome show.These are the genuine high-brows ;plain good middle-class or, may be,aristocratic people with noth ng to do,who may once have read a play byRacine, may have heard of one ofjokes, but who want to forget,want to go further and delve into thetruer beauty. And they search for it atthe Moulin-Rouge, for some artist wholoves something in La Goulue has intheir hearing said she is 44 divineThey come, these ten or eleven guestsin evening dress, to find that, and,seeing her ugly feet, they look downon the floor and search back in theirminds for some old fable which shallhelp them to understand the profoundsignificance of these hoofs :—not hersonly but those of M. Valentin too.Thus, wasting their time and suppor- ting the very worst kind of dancing,these motionless men anyhow very wellserve Toulouse-Lautrec as models.And I saw them only last monthat the Folies Bergeres—that's the funof it: the same old crew—thinkinghard—trying not to show the emo- tion that had gone to their heads andwas fixed there—raising their brows toward off any likely descent of their emo- tion to the heart—wrapt, tense, tinglingup there, and all about less than nothing.I should add that no library willbe complete without a copy of thebook of 118 fine plates: and Ido add it. (i) The Mask. Vol. 13, 1. January 1927by courtesy of " The Studio ". (i) see page 769. THE PLA YGOERIS HAND- BOOK TO RESTORATIONDRAMA by Malcolm Elwin. Jona- than Cape. Price 6/-THIS is the second Hand-book tothe Drama that Mr. Cape hasissued, and very useful it will proveto a number of people.Its biographical notes on the playersof the period were unexpected : it istoo often, when but little is exactlyknown of the ancient actors, that thesebiographical lists are drawn up full ofsurmise and very little else.The author, while writing of thetimes of Charles 11, still keeps us intouch with today, and this preventsthe work from becoming too orylyhistorical: but for all this hundreds ofthe dry facts are there, and by aidof an index we can find them atonce.It is a happy addition to the ear- lier works by Dr. Allardyce Nicoi!and Mr. Palmer, and to both worksI was glad to see Mr. Elwin is happyin his praise. ELLELINE TERRISS by Herselfand with Others. Cassell &amp; Co.Price 7/6 net.ILLUSTRATED by delightful picturesI of this little lady, the book is charm- ing from first to last. And very in- teresting, and screamingly funny at theleast opportunity.There is a record too which runsthrough all the entertaining gay pages,and it is a record oi very hard work."Who would guess it to look at theportraits of this young and ever po- pular actress.But then that has been part of heiart—to hide the stress and worry oithis labour of love ; for though shelias made great successes, financial onestoo, she has always looked on her nfeand career as two things, to be devo- ted to her profession and to her partnerin it—her husband Seymour Hicks.It is a veiy admirable record. CHAMBERS ENCYCLOPAEDIA,New Edition.IT is naturally the Theatrical entrieswhich we turn to ; and straight awaywe find fifteen and a half pages de- voted to the word Theatre, and thewhole question of Theatre, ancient andmodern, gone into most thoroughly.First touching upon the Theatre inCrete, the writer reaches the ClassicTheatre, treats of its building, its fit- tings, its performers and its decline. Then the Christian Theatre, Early Eng- lish Theatres, Italian and French in- fluences, and the modern movementfrom Godwin down to today.This is followed by an excellentpassage on the Art of Acting, and atbrief one on the Licensing of Theatre?,,Besides this long article we have:ethers on Amphitheatres, Drama,Masques, Mime?, Mystery ana Miracleplays, Opera, and Pantomime.Chambers' Encyclopaedia will notbe behind the Encyclopaedia Britan- nica in its proper and most modern pre- sentation of this dirhcult subject, butwill assuredly be consulted before anyother book by anyone who writes onit in future. THE PIKE FISHER by EdwardF. Spence K. C. ; A. &amp; C. Black.(price not given).THE writer, 44 E. F. S. " is thePike fisher and there is a por- trait of him as frontispiece looking asgentle as any sucking dove.Facing page 67 is the poitrait ofhis collaborator—the Pike—. A moredeadly looking devil I never set eyes on.It holds dozens of designs for masks,this pike's head.But is he, was he in life, in pondor rivers or in lakes,... so deadlyas his face would say ? Wasn t itMr. Spence who made him do it ?If it hadn't been for such men asSpence would such a fish as this samePike ever have existed ? I have al- ways felt that all sport, with animals,birds and fish as the source of sport,was cruel and unpleasant. Man ver- sus something his own size, withoutweapons which carry a hundred yardsand exterminate easily, seems fair play :sport of the kind I refer to seems to«me unfair. So when I look at Mr.Spencels face and then at this Pike's Iam puzzled what to think.The book is full of instructions whichto other Pikeists will be of value. Tome 44 I believe that the pike does notsuffer physically from pain " is comfor- ting. I wonder is he subject to the *joys of pleasure. Presumably not.Mr. Spence's book is full of goodstories and several stage asides. rwinrmmr M ■ ■■■■■ ! I MIWHIHIIBIIHII I—nlIIWWIFRN———^THE HEPTAMERON of Marga- ret, Queen of Navarre. Stanley Paul.Price 2)6 nel.THIS new volume in the 44 Interna- tional Library " forms a compa- nion to the already issued 44 -meron *' to which it is related both bythe plan of its construction and by the racy and romantic frankness whichcharacterises the tales.Margaret of Angouleme, Queen ofNavarre, wrote this book about four' years before her death in 1549 forthe amusement of her brother FrancoisI, when the 44 Decameron ** had beenrecently translated into French by An- toine Le Macon, who, with Rabelais,Bonaventure Desperiers (another jovialteller of tales) and other kindred spi- rits formed the retinue of wits, poetsand phi'osophers which Margaret likedto gather around her. LETTERS OF WOLFGANGAMADEUS MOZART Selectedand Edited hy Hans Mersmann: trans- lated from the German by M. M.Bozman. Illustrated. /. M. Dent &amp;Sons. Price 10/6 net.THIS new volume in Messrs Dent's44 Internationa! Library of Bookson Music " gives us nearly three hun- d ed pages of delightful letters, coveringthe whole of the composer's life frouiearly boyhood until his death in 1791;letters intimate, vivacious, and illumina- ting all the inner relations and vicissi- tudes of Mozart's life, as well as throw- ing much light npon his work andhis relations with the public men of histime, and his own reactions and esti- mates respeebng them.Here we have the life of the courtsand opera houses and drawing-rooms ;of the poor lodgings to which he re- turned after his triumphs; the familytrials ; the little but affectionate conflictwith his remarkable father; his loveaffairs and marriage; in fact the manhimself revealed in his own words, inhis response to others, and in their cri- * ticisms of him. It is all informal, spon- taneous, and charming, for even theseemingly severe but so affectionate let- ters addressed by Leopold Mozart tohis son, when read after a lapse of acentury and a half, retain all that en- gaging quality the man possessed andwhich made him so loved by his greatson.That this book is not as good as thesource from whtch it was drawn cannotLe helped. For the English readernothing can improve upon EdwardHolmes' 44 Life of Mozart " in which allthese letters appeared first in English.That book is one of Dent's 44 Every- man Series " and is one of the mostenchant ng things to read ; and it al- ways seems to me a pity to forget orhelp the public to miss the best bockfor the s*ke of biinging out a merelygood book. EDITORIAL NOTESOCTOBER: NOVEMBER: DECEMBER ON TAKING RISKS IN THEo THEATRE. o THERE is a notion everlastinglyflitting around London and itsTheatrical circles that any bold artist isdangerous to the 1 heatie.Any man with the wit to lake riskswith his work is considered a danger.Now we should have thought it wasprecisely this wit to risk which waslacking on our stage, and its lack oneof the reasons why our English Theatreis so hidebound.In connection with this suppositionit is not uninteresting to come across thefollowing remark by Dr. Quesnay, aman of parts and called by Louis XV44 his thinker ".44 Soldiers " said Dr. Quesnay," make a great mystery of their art;but why have young princes all suchgreat successes ? Because they ereactive and bold. Why do sovereignsrvho command their troops do greatthings ? Because they are masters, andcan risksAnd if you come to think of it,what great success was ever achievedexcept in the face of great risks.Some famous surgeon saves a va- luable life by risking the chances. Ge- nius assuredly succeeds not only intaking pains bnt risks.And so it would seem pretty foolishto spoil the British Theatre by a fa- tuous trust in safe men.And the queer thing about geniuswhich is ready to risk so much is it isseldom foolhardy. It is bold, not in- cautious; venturesome, not thoughtless.And, unluckily for the British Stage,a thoughtless society is apt to attributeits fault to genius. E Y E S O F YOUTH.THERE is Professor Rothenslem, thatyoung man of fifty-four if we mis- take not his age who at twenty wasdrawing beautiful and historically va- luable portraits of Verlaine and othergreat French writers, and who since hasdrawn for us the most important col- lection of portraits we possess.And there is another William Rothen- stein whose work at present is known to only a few ; this is the secondson of Professor Ro her,stein, and it isto his work we would like to draw theattention of a few more people, for ithas very lovely things in it.Who will d seem them ? whocould we wish most to look ? A learnedman? perhaps: a clever critic? notso bad : a fellow artist ? still better.But after all there are eyes waiting tosee which, when they look, will givesomething as well as take, and theymust be. we suppose, the eyes of ayoung girl.For who but a young girl can un- derstand the thought of an artist? thatis why we touch on the matterHundreds of eyes pass and repass,and some, even ours, have seen some- thing that is lovely in the work cf thisyoung artist: but our eyes are all clou- ded after all we are not so youngas is the work itself, nor so pure.And so the more young girls whogo to look at drawings and paintingsby young men the better; for thesethings are documents of the living being,and these documents, speaking even tous, will call out to them* Nor willthey merely whisper of 44 the losttraveller's dream under the h'll ". o BRITISH. oTHE day is over and gone when, ifwe Bre Englishmen, we can affordourselves to waste another hour gazing100 loviugly at any foreign gocds what- ever. Art may be International ; andany nation which first supports and isproud of its Lest talent in the Thea- tre can assuredly look Internationallyat the Theatre. Till it does this itmay not. LAST WORDS. A 1500 PLAN OF VENICE. IN this number 44 The Mask " continues the series of Topographical Plans of Cities which have included platisof Rome, Paris, London and Florence, with a plan of Venice, of which the first six sections are published this quarter, and the re- maining six will be issued with the Ja- nuary-March part, 1929. This magnifioent plan, the original woodblocks of which are preserved in the Museo Civico of Venice, is dated 1500. Pompeo Molmenti. in his learned and delightful work, 4* La Storia di Venezia nella Vita Prlvata referring to this '• most beatiful plan says that it 44 was first believed to be by Alberto Durer and is now attributed tojacopo de' Barbari " (circa 1450 circa 1516), ThomasOkey, in his 41 Old Venetian Palaces " (J. M. Dent &amp; Sons, 1907) also writes of it as 44 the map of Venice, va- riously attributed to Albrecht Durer, toMantegna, and others, but now generallyascribed tojacopo de' Barbari ", and addsthat 44 In November 1499 Antonio Kolb, a German, who had printed a map ofVenice at great expense, which he soldat three ducats, applied to the PrivyCouncil for permission to export copies,which permission was granted ".Bryan's Diclionary of Painters andEngravers (G. Bell &amp; Sons, 1904) in theBiographical Notes on de' Barberi, says,referring to this publication by a Oer- man: 41 ... some time before 1500 tarbarjmust have been back in Venice for atthat time he executed an immense planor birdseye view of that city, which wasengraved on wood, and published byAnton Kolb, the head oj tho Germanmerchants settled in Venice ".We shall publish further notes onthissplendid plan next quarter, supplying- facts relative to the Venetian Theatres,Meantime we offer our readers the firstsix plates, MORE HUMBUG ABOUTo BRITISH ART. oAN EXTRACT FROM THE LONDONDAILY MAIL " NOVEMBER 29 1928. O BRITISH BALLET. oM. DIAGHJLEFF TO AID NEW ENTERPRISE.STEPS are being taken for the forma- tion of a British Ballet on the linesof the famous Russian organization, ofwhich M. Serge Diaghileff is the head.M. Diaghileff is giving his help to theproject.The organizers hope to make theballet all-British within a year\ but lead- ing , Russian ballet dancers are likely tofigure in it ct first.To some extent the existing Rus FanBallet ana the British Ballet may inter- change zvhen the movement obtains a firmfooting, and the British ballet dancersmay be seen at the Riviere resorts andelsewhere on the Continent.Reticence is at present being shownby the organizers, but it is believed thatno difficulty has been experienced in rai- sing the capital for the British enterprise." It is likely that we shall have apreliminary run in the provinces beforethe ballet is seen iu London " said one ojthe organizers, yesterday. ALL of which is humbug.Mere British money doesnT makeit a British work.If there's British money to spare whywasn't it given when Stratford on Avonwanted it for Shakespeare, who is British ?We all know of course that in M. Dia- ghileff's corps de ballet are several youngEnglish ladies ; but instead of being inany way at all expressive of the English,they merely imitate their Russian sisters.They splash around very skilfully butare prac' ically dancing a Russian-French-Italian dance." But we in Russia,... we could notdance in 1750,.. and we sent for Frenchand Italian dancers to teach us how todance. Why are you so against the sameidea for England? ".So said a brilliant Russian artist to me last month ; and he's a dear goodfellow into the bargain.like 1', I happen to.be an Englishman,aud I can t swallow his prescriptions.1 giant that it's one way to establisha school of dance in Britain,... but it'sTH&lt;? second-best way: and if England isgoing in for second- bests I'm not goingto be one of those to stand for it. It's thesame way with Sir Thomas Beecham (i).anization, if he is going to hobnob with theDiaghileff group, utterly unaware thathe is being used, played all over theplace, and if he is bent on doing a se- eond-best British affair, The Mask is notgoing to stand for that eitherH's as paitrv as tbe Stratford onAvon idiocy. And it's unbusiness-like.When vou have no big streams andneed wood-pulp for paper, vou don't goa firm and combine with a foreigner- vou setout properly like Northcliffe did andRothermere does. You establish the thingon your own. It's all British or it's afailure for Englishmen.So with Theatre, with Opera, withexperienced in rat Ballet. The Foreigner must be kept out.Anything else is wretched bad business ;and, into the bargain, breeds a hybridkind of spul.ioUs Theatre, Opera and Bal-jet which is not worth a tinker's oath.' (l) For a letter from Mr. GordonCraig to Sir Thomas Bee chant respectmgall-British Opera, see page..* RUSSIAN BLINDNESSMr. GORDON CRAIG SENDS US THEFOLLOWING LETTER and NOTE. J.S. Yours sincerelyV. N. POLOVTSEVPlenipotentiary Representativeof the Russian Red Cross USSR. THE RED CROSS SOCIETYOF RUSSIA. U.SS.R.o 150 Southampton Row, London, o000 sth December 1928. 000Dear Mr. Craig,We beg to approach you this Christ- mas with a request to grant your kindassistance towards the work of the Rus- sian Red Cross USSR. A large part of the Red Cross atten- tion has lately been directed towards or- ganisation of fi Children's SanitaryCamps as for instance in the Crimea,for weak and delicate children of needyparents in order to enable them to getresty exercise and medical treatmentamidst beautiful scenery and healthy air.Altogether our work is concentratednow, in Peace time, chiefly on renderinghelp to infants and children who nee acare and assistance. We hope that thenew generations may become more fit tofulfil the Great Hope of the World:Peace and Frindliness among all Nations,Trusting to have vour kind support.1 am, E. G. C. mtmmmmmmmmKmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmamammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmtmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmTHIS seems to me to be a very cruelappeal.Thousands of London children, andBritish children in the mining districtsneed food and fresh air, and every pennyof our money which we can spare shouldgo to these little British people.And here comes a Society from Rus- sia, settles in London and begins to or- ganize a scheme to drain away the lifeblood of our poor little English kids.One of the cruellest things I've heardof for years.It seems to me incredibly blind ofthis Society not to be able to see that byappealing for money from England itrobs our English children of the moneythat it raises. I said as much when wri- ting to Dr. (Mrs). V. N. Polovtsev.Her address is 150, SouthamptonRow, London ; and if anyone has a pas- sionate preference for Russian Art, Ballet,and the rest, they ought to think it overand see whether they can find £ 50 tosend to this Russian Red Cross.But they should think it over first. MORE HIGHBROW FUN.A LONDON Journal, referring to therelease of a new film The Postmaster,states :" The story, being Russian, is needless' to say a tragedy ; Russian *producers decline to deal in anythingmore frivolous. It is noteworthy for theacting of Ivan Moskwin (not to be con- fused with Mosjoukir.e) to whom we areintroduced for the first time. Moskwinhas been described as u the Irving ofRussia and the title is deserved ".For Mosquin is essentially a come- dian ; though he has often succeeded inroles which are more gloomy, a greattragedian he is not; and to call him the" Irving of Russia " is incorrect enoughwithout following it up with 41 the titleis deserved ". Mosquin resembles 110 onebut himself. In his way he is an incom- parable actor, with a style entirely his own,founded on a careful study of all that isgood in the traditional stage of Europe.O THE ENDO FVOLUME XIV. I. Plan of l'euice 1500. II. Plan of Venice 1500. III. Plan of Venice 1500. IV. Plan of Venice 1500. V. Plan of Venice 7500. BRITISH PRONUNCIATIONA LOW FORM OF TREASON.A well-known singer whose songs are spread from one endof the British Empire to the other through the gramaphonepronounces the words You've got me every timelike thisYou've gort me every toime.So is the British speech being made cheap and nasty.TOIMEthe popular way of sayingTIMEDOINGforDYINGCan it be stopped ?3%