The mask 1 12 February 1909 naau_1909-02_01 The mask 1 12 Cover Illustration 1 CONTENTS 6 SHAKESPEARE MEMORIAL A. C. cre 6-7 Untitled image Illustration 6 CORTE DEL PALAZZO DVCALE DI VENETIA Illustration 6 VENETIAN COSTUME D. Nevile Lees trl CESARE VECELLIO cre Allen Carric ctb 7-12 It is useless to study costume without regard to the place in which it has been worn, yet how many costume books are there with innumerable examples of costumes without its necessarry architectural background. Costume is the fringe of Architecture. Vecellio seems to have realised this aud has placed several engravings to serve as backgrounds for his costume. The above cut is one of these. Illustration 8 GIOVANE NOBILE Illustration 10 NOBILE PER CASA Illustration 10 NOBILI D'INVERNO Illustration 10 CITTADINI, O MERCANTI Illustration 10 DI VENETIA, ET ALTROVE Illustration 11 SENATORI, &amp; CAVALLIERI Illustration 11 Venetiarum ciuitas Illustration 12 Thomas Carlyle quotation CARLYLE cre 12 Untitled image Illustration 12 THE WHITE FAN Hugo Von Hofmansthal cre Maurice Magnus trl 13-15 TWO THEATRES León de Schildenfeld Schiller cre 16-23 A NOTE ON AN OLD ENGRAVING. Allen Carric cre 23 Untitled image Illustration 23 ON TOLERANCE IN DRAMATIC CRITICISM. Gordon Craig cre 24-26 THE EIGHTH COMMANDMENT JOHN BALANCE cre 26-28 Untitled Image Illustration 28 A NOTE ON APPLAUSE Adolf Furst cre 28 BOOK REVIEW 29-30 Untitled Image Illustration 29 FAUST AT "HIS MAJESTY'S" A dapted by Stephen Phillips &amp; J.Comyns Carr. (Macmillan &amp; C.) Price 4/- A. L. T cre 29-30 E E THEATRE I) E MONSIEUR. 30 MONSIGNY ET SON TEMPS. 30 MA ISTRE PIERRE PATHEEIN 30 ANNATES DU THÉATRE ET DE LA MUSIQUE. Stoullig (E.): Tome XXXIII. Paris, Ollendorff. Un vol. in-18. Prix: 3 fr. 50. JEAN = JACQUES OLIVIER cre 30 Untitled Image Illustration 30 FOREIGN NOTES 31-33 Untitled Image Illustration 31 NEW York. P. G cre 31 THE CINEMATOGRAPH. 31 PARIS J. de S cre 31-32 BRUSSELS. js? 32 FLORENCE. J. S cre 32 LONDON 32-33 TRADITION. G. H cre 33 EDITORIAL NOTES 33-37 Untitled Image Illustration 33 One of Mr Bernard Shaw's latest utterances 33-37 INCIDENTAL MUSIC. &amp; 37 TO OUR READERS 37 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 39 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 39 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 40 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 41 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 41 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 41 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 41 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 41 Vol.l. N.° 12. FEBRUARY &amp; 1909 |THE MASKI A MONTHLY JOURNAL OF THEI ART OF THE THEATRE EUROPEAN &amp; AMERICAN AGENTS. AMSTERDAM, KIRBERGER&amp;KESPER, 134 RokinBERLIN. EDMUND MEYER.Potsdamezstrasse 2 7 b.BUDAPEST. NAGEZ, OTTO, Museum-Korut, 2LONDON. D. J. RIDER, 36 St Martin's Court.Charing Cross Road. W. C. MOSCOU. " LA BALANCE "Office, Place du Theatre. NEW YORK. BRENTANO, Fifth Avenue.NAPLES. Michaelsen, 2 Via Chiatamone.PHILADELPHIA. U. S. A." THE BUTTERFLY " Office. 1126 Walnut Street. &amp; PRICE ONE SHILLING NET,I MONTHLY &amp; PUBLISHING OFFICE OF "THE MASK," BBORGO S. JACOPO, FLORENCE, ITALYEDITORIAL OFFICE, ARENA GOLDONI, VIA DEI SERRAGLI, FLORENCE, ITALY1 ¥jf TSIE JOUR^A£ the AReT SHAKESPEAREMEMORIAL. VENETIANCOSTUME. VENETIANCOSTUME. VENETIANCOSTUME. VENETIANCOSTUME. VENETIANCOSTUME. TWO THEATRES TWO THEATRES TWO THEATRES TWO THEATRES TWO THEATRESIjady Macbeth, TWO THEATRESThe Awakening. TWO THEATRES ON TOLERANCEIN DRAMATICCRITICISM. ON TOLERANCEIN DRAMATICCRITICISM. THE EIGHTHCOMMANDMENT. THE EIGHTHCOMMANDMENT £? ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp; GERENTE RESPONSABILE, GINO DUCCI &amp; |THE MASK.]ANNOUNCEMENTS TO OUR READERSare requested to send their subscriptions direct to the Publishing Office8 Borgo San Jacopo, Florence, Italy. The sending of the money is facilitated byenclosing paper money in a registered letter. In Germany, M. 15,00. In America,4 Dollars. In Italy, 15 Lire. In Austria, 20 Kronen. In England, (postal orders) 15/-In Russia, 8 Roubles. In Holland, 10 Gulden.por the convenience of our readers we herewith give the list of our agents in thedifferent parts of the world.London, D. J. Rider, 36 St Martin's Court, Charing Cross Road.Berlin, Edmund Meyer, Potsdamerstrasse 27 b.Amsterdam, Kirberger &amp; Kesper, 134 Rokin.Vienna, Hugo Heller, 3 Bauernmarkt.Moscow, Michael Lykiardoupolos, 44 La Balance Place du Thd&amp;tre.Helsingfors, Akademiska Bokhandeln.Budapest, Nagel Otto, Muzeumkorut 2.Stockholm, C. E. Fritze, 18 Gustaf Adolfstorg.Goteborg, Ringner &amp; Enewald, Kungsgatan 31.New York, Brentano's, Fifth Avenue.Philadelphia, G. W. Plank, 1126 Walnut Street.Naples, Michaelsen, 2 Via Chiatamone.The T$ditor will be glad to consider any MSS. submitted to him• These should 11bear the names and addresses of the authors, be typewritten and accompaniedby stamps. Any MSS. submitted in this manner will receive the earliest attention,and every care will be taken as to their safe return, but the Editor cannot takeany responsibility should any loss occur. &amp; &amp; &amp;Editorial Offices, ARENA GOLD ONI, Via dei Serragli, Florence, Italy.vcadiv \ England, 15 Shillings I Italy, 15 Lire, jcimcrDiDTinw 1 Germany, 15 Marks 1 Russia 8 Roubles &gt; POST FREEbUBSC/RiP I ION / America, 4 Dollars | France 20 Francs. )SIGN AND TEAR OFF THIS ORDER FORMORDER FORMTo the Publisher, (or) ,To Mr. BooksellerAddress Please put down my name as a subscriber to "The Mask" for one year, or six monthscommencing with the number, in payment of which subscription, includingpostage, (enclose the sum of Address „ Printed by E. Morandl, Tipografla Bodoniana, Via Pint!, Florence, published by Maurice Magnus, 8, Borgo S. Jacopo, Florence CONTENTS. AFTER THE PRACTISE THE THEORY &amp; THE SHAKESPEARE MEMORIAL. A NATIONAL THEATRE. &amp; VENETIAN COSTUMES FROM THE BOOK OF CESARE VECELLIO by ALLEN CARRIC &amp; D. NEVILELEES. &amp; THE WHITE FAN by HUGO von HOFMANNSTHAL: TRANSLATED by MAURICEMAGNUS. TWO THEATRES by LEON DE SCHILDENFELD SCHILLER. CONCLUDED. £&gt; ANOTE ON AN OLD ENGRAVING by ALLEN CARRIC. Mr SPENCE ON TOLERANCE INDRAMATIC CRITICISM, by GORDON CRAIG. THE EIGHT COMMANDMENT, (INTERNA- TIONAL COPYRIGHT) by JOHN BALANCE A NOTE ON APPLAUSE, by ADOLF FURST.BOOK REVIEWS. FOREIGN NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES.IJ^IyUSTRATIONS. &lt;£? FRONTISPIECE. A DESIGN FOR A SCENE FOR MACBETH byGORDON CRAIG. SEVEN DESIGNS FROM THE BOOK OF CESARE VECELLIO. &amp; SHAKESPEARE MEMORIALA National Theatre A. C. t seems that this Theatre is going to be built by piling onehumbug on the top of another.&amp; The Executive Committee will this month organise acampaign in the country for raising the funds. At least, sosays Mr Philip Carr, the Secretary of the Executive Committee,lie also adds that the cost will be between the 330,000 £.suggested by Messrs Granville Barker and William Archerand the million which Sir Henry Irving believed wasnecessary. Mr Carr also informs us that the Committeehas decided individually and collectively what they all meanby a National Theatre. All this is a kind of comfort.... glace.In the course of an interview he also said that such a Theatre as the National Theatre would never be in competition with the theatres of private enterprise:that the Repertory System can never be in contention with the system of long runs. But what guarantee has the 'Committee of the National Theatre that the theatres ofprivate enterprise will not also become Repertory theatres? And what guarantee has theNational Theatre that it is going to secure the best English talent and prevent the theatresof private enterprise from doing so ? jz? &amp;&amp; These are the questions which committees cannot decide, and therefore the position ofthe National Theatre is very insecure. If the Committee would send abroad, to Germany,to Russia, to France, and make enquiries in the right places,... that is to say, if they wouldenquire of those people not employed to bolster up these national frauds, they would findout that the finest talent in Europe is outside the National Theatre in each country. &amp;&amp; Now there are many people on the English Committee who know this, and they aredistinctly dishonest if they do not put this fact before the others. &amp;We have spoken of National Theatres as being frauds, but there is no reason why theEnglish National Theatre should court so undesirable a reputation. It could outline itsprogramme.... its artistic programme. It could clearly announce that it is going to be a florid theatre, a theatre of gorgeous spectacle for which Shakespeare is the excuse, and itcould announce that it would request Mr Beerbohm Tree to shed the light of his spectaculartalent in this direction. Or it could announce that it is going to be a trite and somewhatpedantic theatre, and it could announce that it has requested Mr Poel to bring to it thisatmosphere. Or it could announce that it is going to be a theatre of experiment in art andsocialism, and that it is going to ask Mr Granville Barker, Mr William Archer and MrBernard Shaw to try their hands upon it. Or it could announce that the spirit of thistheatre is to be that inaugurated by Messrs Pinero and Jones in the Eighties. Any of theseprogrammes are, we suppose, strong and pure enough to receive support. But if it makes noannouncement as to its artistic programme, no one interested in the art will know what itis they are asked to support. If, on the other hand, all these things are going to be mixedtogether, we shall know quite well that we cannot support it at all.&amp; The National Theatres abroad have no artistic programmes whatever. The auditoriums ofthe theatres are generally very dangerous places full of twisting passages and long staircases.,.,deathtraps in the event of fire; yet these theatres serve the excellent purpose of a goodshow room for pretty dresses and the surplus wealth of the upper classes. &amp;&lt;£? Still there is no need for this in London, for we already have many such theatres. We haveCovent Garden Theatre, Drury Lane Theatre, His Majesty's Theatre; we have the "Alhambra"we have the " Empire " and we have the " Paiace. "(1) JZ? &amp;These six theatres are all handsome and spacious buildings such as are seldom met withabroad, unless we go to the Scala in Milan or to some of the theatres in North and SouthAmerica; and yet, in spite of not possessing such vast theatres as we do in London, thedrama and the stage in Germany and Russia is in a far better condition. The truth is thata National Theatre is not wanted in England. Perhaps even a Municipal Theatre is notneeded, but if there is a question as to which of the two is more desirable, the Municipal is,without question, the theatre to support. It was this theatre which Sir Henry Irvingspoke up for in the latter years of his life. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;If the works of Shakespeare are looked upon as means of quickening the patriotism ofthe English nation, then a Municipal Theatre is again, for this reason, the only one tosupport. But it would be a cruel thing to go round the country to Manchester, to Liverpool,to Birmingham, to Bristol and the other cities, taking money from those towns in order toerect a gilded box of a place in London, so that London may benefit and the other citiesgo hang. Perhaps it is that London needs reminding of its patriotism more than these othercities; but were we the Mayor and Corporation of the cities above mentioned we shouldmost earnestly recommend our citizens to have nothing to do with supporting the theatreof London, which London itself could not support. The idea is preposterous. &amp;In Germany, when Munchen wants its State Theatre, Munchen alone pays for that theatre.In Dresden, if they want such a theatre that town pays for it. In Berlin it is the same, andso with all the great cities in Europe. It is only in London, the richest city in the world,that they send round the hat to the poor provincial cousins, promising them a free pass at the earliest opportunity. London used not to be so stingy once upon a time. /£? Th e RepertorySystem.&amp; Its ArtisticProgramme. Natio 11 a 1TheatresAbroad . Not wantedin England. A M n nicipalTheatre. A stingy city. (1) It Is needless to remind anyone that the " Paiace " was born under the title of the " English Opera House " and hadnot only the name of a celebrated composer to give it up-to-date interest, but was lucky in being able to call that man aman of talent If not genius. Arthur Sullivan, the inimitable creator of " The Mikado " and " H. M. S. Pinafore " shouldhave surely won the support of the English nation. VENETIAN COSTUME TRANSLATED FROM THE BOOK OF CESARE VECELLIO by D. Nevile Lees &amp; with an Introductory Noteby Allen Carrie. It is useless to study costume without regard to the place in which it has been worn,yet how many costume books are there with innumerable examples of costumes withoutits necessarry architectural background. Costume is the fringe of Architecture.Vecellio seems to have realised this aud has placed several engravings to serve asbackgrounds for his costume. The above cut is one of these. Design from W. Rolewinck fasciculus temporum, 24 Nov. 1480. gn the year 1590 there was published at Venice a book with the title, " Degli Abiti antichie moderni di diverse parti del mondo, libri fatti da Cesare Vecellio ", and it is from thisbook of the " costumes ancient and modern of divers parts of the world " that the followingdesigns with their descriptive text are taken. &amp; Its author, Cesare Vecellio, came of a family of painters, of whom the greatest was Titian,and, we learn from the meagre records of his life which survive, was himself a painter ofno mean order. His paintings, however, have been forgotten, it is as an engraver that he is remembered, and,living in Venice, at thattime the port to whichships of all nationsgathered, he had thereample opportunity forstudying those costumesupon the reproductionof which his fame rests.These designs, executedwith skill and spirit, andinvaluable for their carefuldetail, were reprintedsome years later, when, togive the work greaterimportance by the unionwith a more celebratedname, the drawing of thefigures was attributed toTitian, and Cesare, theengraver, was describedas the brother of thatpainter. This however isincorrect, Cesare being amember of another branchof the same family and alsobeing too young for thisrelationship.Although it is by thisbook of costume thatCesare is best known, he also published another volume of engravings under the title, " Corona delle nobili e vertuosedonne, nella quale si dimostra in varii disegni tutte le sorti di punti tagliati, punti in aria,a reticella, e d'ogni altra sorte, cosi per fregi come per merli e rosette".Vecellio has constantly been referred to by Mr E. W. Godwin in his articles reissued inThe Mask upon the Merchant of Venice, which appeared first in The Architect in 1875 andhave been reprinted in The Mask. &amp; &amp; &amp;This book is invaluable to the student. To him every button, every feather is of profoundimportance. When he knows the grammar of costume he begins to be conscious of thevoice of clothes: then later he can show us the poetry of apparel.&amp; This is a charming life indeed, where even the widows' weeds are woven of poetry.... awonderful and awe-inspiring existence this, wherein no man dare venture to escape fromPoetry without fear af his life. " A stitch in time saves nine ", boys,... and the eye of aneedle has been known to be the pass-door to many mysteries. Study costume thereforeso that you may be gaily caparisoned when the curtain rises. Do not try and be symbolicalin your stage costume, but drink in the beauty of apparel and every collar and cuff wornby you will then become a member of your soul, stiffening or drooping to your will,blanching or colouring to your thought,&amp; There is a psychology in apparel, but do not attempt to reveal to us the nature of menand beasts by the use of costume. Gods and the soul alone possess the secret of apparel.Dress should not cover but reveal the soul. Men and beasts have no souls worth revealing.Beasts know this: men, alas, do not. The elephant or the monkey jjacketted in crimsonand gold lace is the parody of mortality. Dyonisus in vine leaves and the panther's skinthe triumph of divinity. Y O U N G VENETIAN N O B E E S . &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Up to the ages of fifteen or twenty the noble Venetian youths wear a short robe,putting on after that age the long gown with elbow sleeves, because the toga greatlyrestrains youthful pride and conduces to gravity and modesty. &amp;&amp; In as much as it has been already said~that this long gown of the nobles is also used bycitizens, doctors, merchants and others, I must here add that when the Prince goes forth fromhis palace, the secretaries who accompany him wear such a robe of purple with a black stole.&amp; But to describe the youths' costume. &amp; &amp; &amp; Under the robe they usually wear doublets and what are called 44 braghesse " or hose,of greyish colour for the most part, although some delight in purple and other colours,and their clothes are of silk and very fine. *&amp; &amp; &amp;They wear those colours, however, as much covered as possible from a certain modestypeculiar to that Republic.NOBEES AND OTHER WEEE-TO-DO PERSONS IN INDOOR COSTUME. &amp; Nobles and other Well-to-do Persons in Indoor Costume.Something has been said above about the costume for the home and here more clearlyone must state that, on reaching home, they doff the costume described by us, and put onrobes either 44 alia Pretina " or 44 alia Romana " as they are called; the former have a smallcollar somewhat round in form while the latter have it larger, hanging lower behind, butalmost square in form, The robes are likewise long, reaching to the ground, like thoseworn out of doors.^These collars that we speak of are lined according to the season like the rest of the dresswith the same furs or indoor silks as are suitable for the cold or for the heat. &amp;In the fur linings of these robes one observes not only a variety conformable to theweather but also the variety of beasts of greater or less value according to the means ofeach person. These robes have the sleeves cut at the elbow, both lengthways and across andthus one puts out the arm, letting the rest hang down for show and grandeur. The robesare all open in front, but they are girded, one face folding over the other if 44 alia Ro- mana; " the others, 44 alia pretina " are not usually folded over in that way, but fasten withbuttons at least down to where they are girded; and instead of the 44 berretta, " or cap thegreater number of nobles in summer wear certain long caps of pointed form made of shotsilk or of some other light stuff either black or of some colour. &amp; &amp;&amp; COSTUME OF NOBEES IN THE WINTER SEASON. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;About the beginning of November, according as the cold begins to make itself feltearlier or later, the old men lay aside the robe lined with shot silk which is worn loose,and don one lined with 44 pelli di vari" (i) skins; this is girded with a velvet belt, which as isdescribed elsewhere, is two fingers wide and has silver clasps. &amp;But as these furs are somewhat light, when the cold increases, instead of the pelli di varithey line the robes with squirrel skins, which are heavier furs and give greater warmth.&amp; These they wear until the season begins to grow mild and the cold to diminish and thenthey take anew the 44 pelli di vari " which they wear until the heat obliges them to leavethem off and assume again the other robes lined with shot silk, which, as has been said,they all wear loose.&amp; AH these, which are for out-door wear, are fastened at the throat, but those that theywear in the house have turned back collars and from these are called 44 alia Romana. " &amp;Nor, however great may be the cold, are they accustomed to wear on their heads any othercap than that of cloth, to which some of the more aged add a little embroidered silk capwhich they wear underneath.&amp; VENETIAN CITIZENS OR MERCHANTS IN SORIA &amp;Jt was the custom in ancient times in Soria and neighbouring places for the citizens ofVenice to devote themselves more to traffic in merchandise than they do at the presenttime. Hence these places were then full of royal merchants, (2) who for the most part went dressed in a doublet of black velvet or of crimson satin, embroidered in colours, andwithout collar. They wore red, black or purple stockings, with velvet shoes. The robe wascut in the fashion here shown, with long sleeves lined with velvet or satin, without collar,but with a breast piece (pettorale) which covered the opening and was tied under the arms,with silk strings. /&amp;&lt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&lt;&amp;&amp; They wore a gathered shirt which continued in use for a long time in Italy, and thefrills were visible above the breastpiece. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; The fashion for long hose (calze alia martingala) and velvet shoes flourished about thistime, and beneath the robe was worn a belt with fittings of silver to which knives wereattached by means of silver chains. &amp;&amp; La forma delle calze alia martingala era questa, che dalla parte di dietro si lascianoaperte come quelle de' fanciulli: ma nelia coscia era cuccito un pezzo di panno tanto grandeche bastasse a coprire tutta quella apertura, il quale s'allacciano poi con una stringa all'al- tra coscia, e rimaneva tanto ben congegnato, che pareva il fondo delle brache fatto a posta.Era cluesta portatura assai commoda, come ciascuno si puo imaginare: perehe sfibbiataquella stringa, cadeva giu quel pezzo di panno, &amp; lasciava I'huomo libero alle sue commodity,rimanendo tuttavia le calze allacciate al giubbone.&amp; VENETIAN WOMEN ABOUT THE YEAR i 530. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &lt;&amp;&amp; It is about sixty years since the Venetian women began te renew the fashion of framesof copper covered with coifs made of gold net adorned with various and rich ornaments ofpearls and other gems. The boddice in those days come over the hips without any point,loose and unstiffened and decorated with gold chains. It is true that in those days theVenetian nobility did not possess so large a quantity of pearls as at present, but insteadthey enriched their boddices and gowns with gold trimmings and wore long sleeves, bothwide and slashed. &amp; The dresses did not reach to the ground in front but trailed behind.They wore a sable skin fastened to a gold chain, and the fur itself was decorated with a gold clasp: this fur they put about their shoulders, wearing in addition but a few ornamentsround the neck.The frills of the chemisette were not very full nor very high, the hair was worn looseand natural and the sleeves of a different colour from the dress which was usually purpleor crimson. &amp;The stockings, again, were of another colour, and the slippers, which in Venice theycall " zoccoli " (i) were low, and in colour turquoise blue or red. Some wore those ofdifferent colours and chequered. On their heads they wore a black veil of transparent silk,which covered the face as is seen in the picture, the which costume is similar to that whichone sees sometimes worn by the women of Burano. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;MODERN SENATORS AND CAVALIERS OF THE CITY OF VENICE 1590. &amp; The Senators and Cavaliers of our time wear the Ducal robe with the sleeves large andopen. They do not wear a robe of gold, from a certain reverence towards the Prince, buton certain occasions they wear the stole of gold brocade. (3)&amp; The robe is of plain black velvet, and the stockings and the slippers red. In the wintertime the robes are lined with the finest furs, very costly, such as marten, sable, lynx andthe like; in summer robes of the same shape with the open sleeves being used, but oflighter material and lined with shot silk (ormesino) (3) This same ample robe is worn alsoby those who from time to time are elected to certain offices, being retained by them onlyfor so long as they continue to hold these offices. Those who may wear it continually areonly the Cavaliers, the Procurators (4) and those others who have been great sages orcouncellors. The colour generally adopted by these is purple. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;This same robe is also worn by those who are sent out as Rulers to the most noble andimportant cities, but after their rule is ended, they lay it aside if they have not obtainedor formerly held one of the aforesaid positions which give them the right to wear it. An IncorrectStatement. The stude ut. A psychologyin ap pa rel # Yoiiug Nobles, Indoor costume. Winter Costume. VenetianWomen . (1) A valo Is a small animal resembling- a squirrel.(2) " How doth that royal merchant good Antonio '* Mer. of Ven. Act ill Scene 2." Enow to weigh a royal merchant down. " Mer. of Ven. Act IV. Scene I. (1) Vecellio speaks in this case of the zoccoli being low, but this was rather the exception than the rule. Many shoesof tne period which may still be seen raise the wehrer even so much as 40 ctms from the ground.(2) The stole falls across the left shoulder and in the accompanying engraving is made of the same stuff as the robe. Itreaches just below the knee.(3) ormesino "so called from the city of Ormus whence it was first brought to Europe.(4) The office of the 44 Procurator! di San Marco " originated in the 12 th ventury when three were chosen, (therenaving been originally only one), to administer the bequests of the Doge Ziani to the poor, and to the Church of St Mark.Their numoer was afterwards iucreased to six, and in 1442 to nine, which number was mairtained until the fall of theRepublic. In office they ranked immediately after the Doge, and were usually members of Patrician families, who haddistinguished themselves in the service of Venice as generals or ambassadors. At an early period the Doge himself wasoften selected from among them. CARLYLE. 44 |t is in and through Symbols that man, consciously or unconsciously, lives, works, andhas his being; those ages, moreover, are accounted the noblest which can the best recognise symbolical worth, and prize it highest. THE WHITE FAN An Interlude: by Hugo Von Hofmansthal. Translated by Maurice Magnus. The PrologueNow, mark you! gentlemen and ladies fair:Here is a play that hath not greater weightThan merest thistledown. A play in meaningthis:That Youth doth love to toy with great andmighty wordsAnd yet is weak, so weak it hardly can defyA single atom of reality.And as the flying shuttlescock in childhoodgameIs like unto a bird in flight: so this playResembles life. Think not real life it dothpretend to beThough to the inexperienced eye it seeminglyMay something of its semblance borrow.Dramatis PersonaeMirandaFortunioLivio, his friendGrandmother of FortunioA mulatto female servant of Miranda.A white female servant of Miranda.Scene: Before the entrance of a ceme=tery in the neighborhood of the capital ofa West Indian Island. fCostumes of the period of about 1820 to 1830.(The left side and the background areformed by a blossoming hedge which sur=rounds the cemetery. It has entrances inseveral places. Behind the hedge are smallmounds, with pathways, and here and therea cypress tree. To the left in the foreground a single grave only can be seen verydistinctly. It is covered with blossomingbriar-roses). Fortunio and his friend enterfrom the right.livio. &amp;At times I fain would wonder when I thinkThat thou, so young, but little older than myselfCan teach me things so great in number that,methinks,There's naught which is unknown to thee.FORTUNIO. &amp;I know so very little, though I have glancedAt many things which deeply lie. Have realizedThat life is nothing but a shadow play.Look at it lightly with your eyesThen will you find it bearalbe. But clings to itAnd as you hold it tightly clasped it isdispersed.The shadow of a cloud which movesUpon the surface of a flowing river is nota lesser thingThan that which we call life. Honor and riches Are pleasant dreams at break of day.Of all the words that have no sense „ Pos- session „ meansThe least. Invented by some teacher in a schoolWho thought, mayhap, that every wordShould contrast bear, like black to white,It thus was made, because to be possessedIs something that is real.&amp; L i v i o . &amp;Thou knowest life full well, and even formerlyDidst teach me much. So must thou thenAdapt thyself, clinging to this graveStronger and most persistent than an ivyclings.&amp; FORTUNIO. But such is my desire. I would be betterThan this play of shadows, in which the roleOf widower fell to me. And though but young,With so much faith I'll play my part,With much bitter earnestness... Each of uscan his fateEnnoble or demean. StampedIs no thing with its worth. As we our selvesDo make it, thus shall it be found. Fromstupid ones and foolsEverything runs off like water. Inward worthDoth therein lie, and as you take is provedthereby.L I V I O . &amp;And yet thou hast told me more than onceIt is not seemly that in joy or sorrowWe should let our hands rest idly. DoingAnd'thinking, thou hast said, they are the rootsOf life. And it is therefore fitting to restFrom thinking, in doing, from doing, inthinking.Yet with contempt thou showest thy interestIn affairs that are but human. And yet thouknowestThis is the pathway which leadeth to all doing.FORTUNIO. Do I not act thus,And do I treat my servants with contempt?Am I notSince this great sorrow hath befallen meOf all the noblemen on this fair islandA good master? Question my white servants,Question the colored ones on my estates!Do I notfind pleasure, sweet friend, with thee?My second, dearer, cloudless self?So let me to this grave then wend my way.It robs me not, dear friend, of thee: it only takesThe place that otherwise is held by her.&amp; L I V I O. &amp; But thus it is, thou shouldst not treat lifeWith so much wilfulness &amp; FORTUNIO.Peace, dear friend.Dost thou not know that there must be thatCertain spice... the only one which faileth notWhen added to the cup of loveTo make the charm complete.&amp; LIVIO.1 knoweth not what thou dost mean.&amp; FORTUNIO. &amp;Mystery is its name, else a woman mayBeautiful or ugly, imperious or vulgar be.If child, or Messaline—that matters notIf she but be mysterious.Else she is nothing. They who areWithout mystery are flat beyond all words(Not without significance but unintentionally)Experiences in one's boyhood,Childish, half-forgotten, which like grapesLeft hanging on the vine soon shrinkAnd wither, they are not so much withoutmystery,Not so entirely without the charm of thatWhich I before me see in all such possibilities.Do not speak, I pray thee....(He stands before the grave, separatedonly from it by the hedge)Mystery lies here. Here lies my secret.And if I thought unto death never should Iexhaust its depths.Thou didst know her, and yet thou speakest.LIVIO. &amp;She was very beautiful, she was like a child.&amp; FORTUNIO £&gt;She was like a child, and like a childA new-born wonder came with every step.When I and thou wouldst speak, Livio, weexchangeBut much-used signs.From her lips came all wordsJust like new forms, whose hue had not beentouched,As laden with a special meaningWith open candid eyes she stoodAnd honoured everything according to itsworthMore just than any mirror. Never was therePain with laughter where laughter was notreal,Or came from her most inner, clear, and well- like soul.Giving herself like a flower unto the windBecause she knew of nothing different, anduntouched,Even untouchable, wanting no shameBecause shame is the child of some discordanceAnd she—she was so thoroughly with herselfat peace.Had I a child of hers, it may be I could bearher lossAnd come but once a year unto this mound;But remembrance now is all that's left to me.(The grandmother and her servant enter fromthe background, coming from the cemetery.She is an old but beautiful woman; she wearsa long dress made of gold material into which black flowers are woven; she leans on a stick.The negro follows carrying her parasol andher fan).&amp; THE GRANDMOTHER.Fortunio!FORTUNIO.Grandmother, why are you here?THE GRANDMOTHER.What a question to ask me I Under the nearestcypress tree is your father's my son's grave. And under the second nearest cypressis your grandfather's—my husband's graVe.Within those graves, on whose stones youcan hardly read the names, lie my friends.I have more graves here which concern methan you have teeth in your head.&amp; FORTUNIO. &amp;I have only one grave here, but for me it isenough&amp; THE GRANDMOTHER. &amp;Your wife was but a child. Even now shewill be playing with the innocent childrenof Bethlehem in Paradise. Go home,&amp; FORTUNIO. &amp;(Is silent, and shakes his head)&amp; THE GRANDMOTHER. Who is the young gentleman there?FORTUNIO. &amp;My friend. His name is Livio and he is of thehouse of Cisneros.THE GRANDMOTHER. &amp;1 have known your grandmother, Sennor.She was three years younger than I, andmuch more beautiful. I was once very jealousof her.—He has beautiful eyes. When he isangry they must be quite dark. Just so werethe eyes of his grandmother.—What kind ofbirds are those, Sennor?LIVIO, &amp;® believe they are larks, my lady.&amp; THE GRANDMOTHER.(With slight but dignified contempt)No, Sennor, they are titmice. Larks never siton rushes, Larks either fly very high in theair, or they sit on the ground between clodsof earth. Larks never sit on rushes. A mule isnot a thoroughbred steed, and a hummingbirdis not a butterfly. Your eyes are very beautifulbut you have them for nothing in your head.What sort of young people are these? Theyhave spurs on their feet, and wander abouthere clinging to tombstones, Dress such asmine belongs to a place like this—a dress towhich the dead leaves cling and which sweepsthe paths clean. Let the dead bury theirdead. Why do you stand here and lower yourpretty young voices and whisper like nunsat a gate? Come, Fortunio, let us go home.I will take supper at your house.&amp; FORTUNIO. &amp;No, grandmother. I would remain here. Comeand dine at my house tomorrow. THE GRANDMOTHER.How old are you, Fortunio?FORTUNIO. &amp;Almost four and twenty, grandmother.THE GRANDMOTHER. &amp;You are a child, and this excessive mourningis out of place for you. Just as if one wouldplant a cypress tree in a small earthen jarfilled only with loose earth.&amp; FORTUNIO. &amp;How strongly one may mourn a loss is notin accordance with one's age, but with thegreatness of the loss.THE GRANDMOTHER.I was a year older than you are now when1 became your grandfather's wife. You knowI was before that married to another. Theybrought the body of my husband home to meone day while I was awaiting his return todinner, and on the same day I saw the deadbodies of my two brothers,L i v I O. «£&gt;(Looks at her)&amp; THE GRANDMOTHER.It was in May, f eventeen hundred and seventy®five, Sennor,&amp; FORTUNIO. &amp;I have no child from her Nothing! When theycarried her coffin away they carried everythingaway.&amp; THE GRANDMOTHER. &amp;■•Your grandfather and I, we were banishedfor ten years. When the ship was taking usaway we stood gazing with dry eyes at theshore as long as we could see it. All at oncethe last peak of the hills sank into the golden®coloured sea, like a heavy dark coffin. Wewere beggars. We were poorer than beggers,for we did not even have our names. Andthere in that stone sarcophagus was our a11...Our parents, our children, our houses, ournames.... we were but shadows!&amp; FORTUNIO.She was the most innocent little creature inthe world. Why did she have to die?THE GRANDMOTHER. £?I have seen young women of the first familiesin the land sell their honour to some wretcin order to save their husbands from thegallows and their children from starvationYou have experienced but little, Fortunio.FORTUNIO £&gt;(silent)&amp; THE GRAND MOT HE R. I have experienced much. 1 know that Deathis ever present. He is always walking aroundus even if we do not see him. He is foreverlurking somewhere in the shadow stranglinga small bird, or breaking a withered leaffrom a tree. I have seen dreadful things. Butin spite of all that, 1 love life, and will always love it more. I even feel it where I neverfelt it before—ln the stones on the ground,in the large heavy cattle with their gentle- looking eyes. Go, go, you will yet learn tolove life.FORTUNIO. &amp;I do not know, grandmother.THE GRANDMOTHER.(Turning away from him to her servant)Domingo, give me the food for the birds. Notthat; that they do not like, but these smallseeds. Give me these.(She feeds a flock of small birds)PauseTHE GRANDMOTHER.There! (All of a sudden the birds fly away)Have you heard it?«£* L I V I 0.it was like the crying of a little child.FORTUNIO &amp;It must have been a bird.&lt;£? THE GRANDMOTHER.A bird! So you have never heard that soundin your life? It was a young rabbit whichhas been caught by a weasel. What have youdone with the years of your boyhood thatyou do not know that? At that time thelittle silk shoes of your cousin Miranda wereof more interest to you than the track of astag on the forest's edge. It was more to youto touch her dress when you were playingball than to have your forehead brushed bythe damp rustling branches of the trees at astag hunt. So you early robbed yourself ofthat which ought to have belonged to youlater, and that which you missed then youwill never be able to recover. What anobstinate thing youth is, like the cuckoowhich throws out of other nests the eggswhich belong in them in order to make aplace for its own. There is something aboutyou young people which can easily make onevery impatient. You are like an actor whoimprovises and who does not pay attentionto the cues: Later on all that will change.Everything that you have in your head isold-fashioned. Leave it alone, Fortunio. Doyou want to come along now?&amp; FORTUNIO. &amp;No, 1 would rather stay here,£&gt; THE GRANDMOTHER. &amp;Then, come along with me, Sennor. I believeyou will find that an old woman is less abore than this young gentleman. I will tellyou a story. What kind would you like tohear? A love story or a story of the chase?(Livio gives her his arm. They go away, theservant following).livio.Farewell, Fortunio.FORTUNIO. &amp;Good night.(They disappear behind the trees to the right)(To be continued) TWO THEATRES by Leon deSchildenfeld Schiller. (concluded). &lt;£? But already the hands of the sun on the heavenly dial are pointing to the hour at whichall .good Christians should drink wine. The scene is changed and, transported as by miracle,the spectators find themselves at the " Garter Inn " famous for its lively girls, easy creditand sack. Of the host himself most improbable tales go about in the land of tipsters. He issaid to be so hospitable that his winecellar for 4&lt; The blessed who thirst " stands open, whereasthe garden gate, for those who are desirious of escaping by stealth, is always kept closed.Something is also whispered of the miracles that take place in this good hostel. Onceit was seen how a tapster changed wine into water, diluting it in a mystic way—anothertime it was remarked that master innkeeper could with one stroke of the chalk doublethe number of empty tumblers. But who believes in such miracles in our times—consequentlythe " Garter Inn " is always brimming with life, and the red noses and august stomachsof its customers are the best evidences of the miraculous effects of the host's healing cordials.Hallo! is there a kermess, worthy host, that there is such a swarm today in your tavern?—But it is true, we must not forget that, in the calender of these distinguished cavaliersthere are as many highways as there are days in the year—and drinking days, lightlycounting, at least twice as many. Let us enter, gentlemen—l suppose we shall find a worthycompany here—and then good host, be so kind as to make us acquainted with them,recommending us as not of the worst winebibbers. &amp;Here seated on the royal chair is " rex bibendi " Sir John Falstaff, having graced hishead with stag's antlers. In his hand he has taken the heavy tankard which he is accustomedto empty at one draught. At his side stand Masters Nym, Pistol and Bardolph, simulating,with clenched fists, the trumpets of the heralds. " Silence! le roi boit! " and when doctorsskilled in the science of drink declared that not a drop remained at the bottoms of theglasses, when the cheeks of the gracious lord had become bloated, his nose violet, his eyesfilled with tears and his hair began to smoke, there was a cry of: Vivat! and in the samemoment a salvo was sent off, not from mortars but from broken tumblers. &lt;£? &amp;And now his highness, as is his custom, will begin to tell stories, very curious, and towhich you must give creed, for they are very gay, and very peppery, He will relate of howhe had drunk with princes, of how, for him the Windsor ladies had scratched out eachothers eyes, and of how the sylphs had pinched his calves, on a certain moonlight night inWindsor Forest. But look at that loon who has fallen from the bench and is snoring,indifferent even to the rude tales. That is Christopher Sly, old Sly's son of Burtonheath, bybirth a pedlar, by education a card-maker, by transmutation a bear-herd, and now by presentprofession a " tinker " a frequenter of " Marian Haeket the fatale wife of Windsor " and who,having lost credit with her has taken shelter under the friendly thatch of the " Garter Inn. "And who is that saucy fellow who makes so bold as to pat the king himself on his mostserene stomach, and in presence of his monarchal nonsense, to boast of his own adventures.That is " Miles Gloriosus " Monsieur Parolles mentor to Bertram, Count of Rousillon. Lookhow he puffs himself up relating about that famous expedition in search of the lost drum,and of how cunningly he extricated himself from oppression, when caught by the soldiersof the Muskos' regiment. This good-for-nothing threw up the courtier's life and set offroving, thinking to himself that " there's place and means for every man alive " and as allroads lead to the inn, took up his lodgings at this asylum for vagabonds. &amp; &amp;Now glance at this merry trio composed of Sir Toby Belch, Sir Andrew Aguecheek and the fool.Look, the equally intrepid knight as mannerly gallant, Sir Andrew, has jumped on thetable and excels himself in a galliard, in the dancing of which he is famed in all Illyria.Look how he kicks about with his thin shanks—the whole table is shaking with laughter.&amp; This well chosen company has fled from the puritanism infested palace of Olivia, and haspitched its tents here, finding every night that " tis too late to go to bed " for it was utterlyimpossible to live among people so conceited as was Malvolio who thought that " becausehe was virtuous there shall be no more cakes and ale. "Ah! here is also Autolycus, excourtier of the Bohemian Prince, Florizel,... a casual pickpocket...see how cleverly he simulates a pedfer. To the girls he recommends bugles, ribbons and spangles; for the young men he has " ballads very pitiful and as true " and " merry but very pretty ones."&amp; I should be ready to swear that he is planning some knavery for his foxy eyes are burningwith an evil Fire.But who the deuce are those gentlemen in variegated garb and with masks on their faces ?Why are they sitting apart with the miens of conspirators or wandering jugglers? Methinksthey do not belong to this society, since they are carrying on between themselves a conver- sation in a foreign language on an entirely different subject than the court of King Falstaff.What? Do you not recognise them? You must have met them on your travels, somewherein the lanes of Bergamo, Bologna or Venice, But since you do not know them, 1 mustintroduce you to these worthies.This cavalier here in a toga of the times of merry King Francis the First, adorned withan immense rabbit tuft, with his face half hidden by a black mask from beneath which projectsa stiff black beard, in garments cunningly made of patches of red, yellow and blue cloth,proudly brandishing his wooden sword.... that is Signor Harlequino. Such a world-roveras the world has never seen. &amp; &amp;JZ? He has been everything by turns. Servant to some scrapepenny, bar-man, warrior,comedian, rope-dancer.... he has humbly served stupid but rich lordlings... he has courted themaids.... and sometimes even, when ktired of these occupations, has donned the MarquisSbrufadel's satin garments and repaired to some court or other to try for the hand of someIsabella. There he gave rein to his fantasy, which was as many coloured as his dress,telling the ladies, a second Boccaccio, as it were, fables about himself and of his ancestors.For instance, he related that his protoplast had been court sausagemaker to the EmperorNero, who simply devoured these true master-pie pieces. His father is said to have beenCaptain Fregocola, married to a certain Miss Castagna, a maiden of such lively tempera- ment, that, in less than two months, she presented him with a son. Fregocola was excessivelypolite; in the day he took off his hat to everybody, but in the night he took from everybodynot only his hat, but also his cloak. &amp; &amp;Not for long however did our gallant play the part of Sbrufadel; the merciless thrashinghe received after each masquerade generally threw him into the open arms of Colombinethe faithless wife of white Pedrolino.That fellow at his side is Harlequin's full brother, as like to him as the peas in apod:Signor Truffaldino.From his own tales however it could be concluded that he is descended from anotherfamily because he has come out of a foundling hospital, ergo: it is very probable that hebe a king's son. They wanted to teach him to write and read, but his royal highness wouldnot for all the world agree to such a thing, and in a fury dashed to pieces the head ofthe Magister who had dared to do such a dishonour to his majesty. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; After this celebrated deed the unfortunate Prince Royal fled before the clubs of theservants of justice, and thanks to his heroism became a beggar. By a strange dispositionof fate he found himself in slavery among the Turks, who had bought him dearly, but beyondthat.... sold him cheaply.That other two-humped rascal in a plaited cap of yellow-red green from which hangcock's plumes, with a black bird mask on his face with a hooked nose, in a wide jerkin,in trousers somewhat short and singular, of which one leg is yellow and the other redliberally distributing to all the caresses of his thick staff, that is Signor Pulcinella a nativeof Naples. Your worships had better not approach that scoundrel for he is a cruel godlessman, submitting only to his own passions, a dull tippler, and an adulterer. Do not putfaith in his jollity. " When he laughs be sure he has killed somebody " (i) Look how he isfraternizing with Autolycus ; look how perfectly they are conversing with each other by signs.&amp; Let us escape from here.,., some evil is brewing.Now let us go to the town.... before evening we should stand in the forum. We can alreadysee the round cupolas of the churches and the tower of the city-hall, on whose spire thegolden fane is glistening. Glance, companions, on the intricate flourishes engraved on thetown gate; it must have been no trifling art-master who adorned it. You can see here somemonstrous flowers strangely tied together with droll masks. But what is that?... heavens!The masks' eyes are starting out of their sockets at us and they are rolling out their tongues from their livid muzzles. Can these be human heads? Tell us, halberdiers, who keep guardin silence at the gate!.... Then those are the decapitated heads of dare-devils who venturedto court Turandotte a Princess of China, and who were punished, as an example, with a crueldeath because they could not guess the sphinx riddle of the wonder-maiden... Oh! let us hideour eyes, gentlemen, for 1 feel that my knightly courage is deserting me, and let us go as fastas we can into the town;... perhaps, sporting and idling in some temple of Bacchus, we shallforget about this fearful picture. &lt;£? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Tis a wonderful town,... upon my honour it would be worth while living here. It is thetrue land, flowing with milk and honey for all calibres of coxcombs and parasites.&amp; There are plenty of houses of merry love here, and inns in which sojourn nobles, fraternizingwith squires and burghers, revelling till daylight with the full-cheeked ma'm'selles. You mayrecognise these houses by the sign-boards representing the lascivious god Priapus; by theeverlastingly lowered gaudy blinds, and by the portly bellied tousled bawds, who, standingon the threshold, attract the passers-by with promises of good amusement*. Then if ever thouart importuned by Mistress Overdone, or by any other female practising her trade enterfearlessly into her house, and perchance, amidst the company of freneh-crowned lewdstersand immodest damsels, thou wilt find,.... resembling a white lily and like her innocent....Marina daughter to Pericles, whom wicked pirates sold to pandars, and 1 am in hopes thaton seeing her thy mouth will not water, but thou wilt rescue her from this den of knaves.Tis a town of towns! Song and dance follow each other here, day and night. In the squarebefore the church are erected booths with ginger bread, demiohns of mead, and thousandsof feminine baubles. Market tricksters distinguish themselves before the crowd of astoundedburghers, with tight rope dancing and sword-swallowing. Unfrocked monks traffic in medals,scapulars and relics of the saints. The renowned quack-doctor, Baloardo from Bologna,having to add to his dignity, puts a black mask on his forehead and nose, and in a flowing togarecommends at the top of his voice, clysters of his own invention, miraculous balsams and love philters, interlarding his orations with Latin maxims. Through the streets withpompous steps stroll the citizens of this frolicsome borough, arm in arm with their proud damesin festive dress. The gentlemen in fox caps, wearing scarlet fur-lined cloaks fastened with goldbuttons, lean on their knotted sticks terminating in ivory knobs representing Turk's headsor fabulous beasts. The ladies, in canary silk crinolines, in corsets garnished with Flemishlace, lead, on chains, monkeys with red rumps. Princesses in powdered wigs, pass by ingilt coaches, with their maids-in-waiting. In small chaises, at breakneck speed, drive fashion- able Fops, holding glasses to their eyes so as better to inspect the rosy-cheeked daughtersof councillors and aldermen. At the corners of the streets stand philosophers weeping andlaughing, scholastical wiseacres, abecedarians in night-caps trimmed with fringe, in dressinggowns embroidered with palms, in half boots, more holy than righteous, never taking fromtheir mouths the long pipes terminating in bowls of burnt meerschaum. These ardentperipatetics explain to curious hearers, of their own good will, the mysteries of the 44 sevenfine arts ", choking themselves from time to time with the cracklings offered them by theirpupils in lieu of payment.&amp; Meanwhile from Auerbach's cave float the sounds of Mephistopheles' song:44 Es war einmal ein KoenigDer hatt' einen grossen F10h...."and a chorus of student-idlers repeat the refrain of the satanical song, feasting themselveson the fiery wine which flows from the tables as though by sorcery. &amp;The church bells are playing lively sarabands.... on the dial of the town-hall clock Deathdances with Judas; under the windows of princesses or of daughters of niggardly Harpagons,amorous cavaliers with empty pouches, passionately sing love stances, while their Jacks ofall trades disguised as marquises lead the action of the character comedy. The organ in thechurch resounds with Haydn's 44 Ochsenmenuett.,,Here is Signor Petruchio of Yerona arriving for his marriage festival with the stilluntamed shrew, on a 44 horse hipped with an old mothy saddle and stirrups of no kindred;besides,possessed with the glanders and like to mose in the chine; troubled with the lampass,infected with the fashions, full of wind-galls, sped with spavins, rayed with the yellows,past cure of the fives, stark-spoiled with the staggers, begnawn with the bots, swayed inthe back and shoulder shotten; near legged before " descending from the same family as nimble Rosinant. Like horse like rider. Signor Petruchio has on his head a new hat butan old ferkin, breeches thrice turned, old boots (one buckled another laced); at his side anold rusty sword, with a broken hilt, and chapeless; with two broken points. Like masterlike man. Grunio has a linen stock on one leg and a kersey boot-hose on the other, gartered witha red and blue list; an old hat and the " humour of forty fancies " pricked in it for a feather.After them run a gang of street gapers shouting and whistling. &amp; &lt;£?&amp; At this sight Monsieur Jordain " bourgeois geutilhomme "shrugged his shoulders; thesame who was beside himself with joy when he learned from his preceptor that, for morethan forty years, he had been speaking in prose though he himself had not known it; heshrugged his shoulders, spit with indignation into his silk handkerchief and went on forhis walk accompanied by his two lackeys, following by his orders at three paces, so thatevery body might know that they belonged to him. &amp;Do you hear the rolling of the kettle drums and the trumpeting of Martial music. Awar march.Out on to the stage comes the Grecian army on its waj' to besiege Troy. In frontmarches the spiteful hunch-back Thersitea as drummer, and jeers aloud at Ajax " whowears his wits in his belly and his guts in his head " and at " the shepherd of the people "who " has not so much brain as ear-wax. " &amp;Here march the heroes at the head of the warriors armed with arquebuses and musketsgoing to die with a smile on their lips, having taken beforehand their viaticum of kissesfrom their concubines.When the famous adventurer Capitano Spavento saw this he roared in a voice of thunderSangre y faego! io son clii son! and took refuge at the nearest tavern. &amp; &amp;There, having barricaded the doors, he will throw himself on a bench and order hisfactotum to extol him in a loud voice, so that all may hear of his knightly deeds, promisinghim food at his own table, if he augment the number of unfortunates killed by his hand.And now we hear from the servant's lips, whose appetite is in direct proportion to thenumber of victims, that his master is known in all the world, that the Spanish doncellascall him Matamsras, and that the French 44 precieuses " name him Francasse, that his swordlaments when it reposes for too long a time in its scabbard, and that King Seleucus hasjust commanded him to raise an army &amp;The blood-thirsty captain on hearing these words, sweet as the falernian wine he isdrinking, will twist his leonine moustache and mourn over the lot of so many ladies who,for love of him, have lost their heads: the latterly experienced fear and miracle of dionysianfruit will call forth a blush on his martial countenance and his body will become bathedin sweat. For that reason our knight will heedlessly unbutton his richly galooned uniformdecorated with crosses of merit, and then we shall perceive that his shirt is wanting, andthat bruises, from sharp blows of a stick, are his only war trophies. &amp;&amp; The mob rejoices: it has just stilletoed Julius Caesar, instigated by its tribunes; withstones and insults have they banished the defender of the country, the proud patricianCoriolanus, disbelieving the existence of sacred wounds on his body; and now, look how theyare deriding old Titus Andronicus become mad from trouble and shooting complaints,with arrows, to Mercury, Apollo, Mars and Pallas, of human cruelty, which has deprivedhim of one hand and his daughter of both hands and of the name of virtuous woman. Themob rejoices: it is bearing on its shoulders the conqueror Thersitis, proclaims the tinkerChristophers Sly, king, delivers Barabbas, puts the Chevalier de la Manche in the pillory,rolls out the tuns from cellars of the wealthy and drinks brandy without end out of chalicesstolen from churches.... The mob rejoices.... in the court has just been pronounced, onaccount of the speech of Portia disguised as a jurist, the sentence unfavourable to Shylock....refusing him the right of cutting a pound of flesh from around Antonio's heart, and deprivinghim of his riches. The mob rejoices equally at the fury of the helpless Jew, who but justnow called the unjust judge a wise Daniel and had already sharpened his knife, as at thedispleasure of his luckless lawyer Tartaglia, a thick-set man in blue spectacles coveringthree quarters of his visage. &amp; &amp;The mob rejoices. The mob rejoices!O 9 We Siave lost our way, companions, in this virgin forest fuH of hissing reptiles andmalicious dwarves, who, with their giggling, lead us into stray paths.... Ye stars! show usour way to the castle on the crystal mountain where Good King Cole rules over the fairy-landof children and of dolls. Ye stars! come to our aid, we bring curious tidings of new witchesand new princesses, we bring gifts which eye has not yet seen, of which the ear of hisMajesty the King and his court hath not heard. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; But on the way we shall perish of hunger and thirst, and in our souls bugbearsarise with venomous eyes.... Ye stars! Ye stars!... &amp;Knock! knock! knock! Let us in, good porter... we are honest travellers, carrying presentsfrom far-off lands for the gracious king, and perhaps some souvenir will be found for theein our wallets, if thou wilt let us into the castle. The night, as if on purpose, will notend,... and in this forest, it seems brigands with thick clubs have their dens, and in thisforest are bogies....^Knock! knock! knock! Let us in, good porter.... our knocking would awaken the dead...." Anon, Anon! I pray you remember the porter! "&amp; Then the doorchains fall with a clinking noise, and in the gate-way appears the jocundporter, hardly able to keep his feet, whether it be from fatigue, or from yesterday'sdrinking bout is unknown, But from the descriptions of old time fabulists, the castle shouldpresent a different aspect. It seems to me that everything conspires against us, and thestars have deceived us. But let us not put faith in appearances. Let us enter into thecastle. Somehow or other, it is not gay here. &amp; &amp;&amp; In the vestibule playing at dice are squires and pandoors, runners and pages in sombreliveries. Masters Rosencrantz and Guildenstern note carefully in their observations thestate of mind of Prince Hamlet, overhearing his monologue from behind the curtain. TheLord Chancellor Polonius scatters to right and left the pearls of his wisdom.... alwaysadvising, always rebuking, profoundly persuaded of the importance of his buffoonery. Inthe watch-tower the court astrologer, instead of reading from the stars the fate of the kingand state, brews, in phials, some poisonous elixir. The tricked out ladies-in-waiting moveabout the conspirating courtiers, informing the king of everything. The red headsman hasfolded his arms on his breast and awaits a sign from the king. From the dungeons escapethe ever weaker moans of those starving with hunger.In the banqueting hall Titus Andronicus dressed like a cook regales Queen Tamora witha pasty, excellently prepared by himself, made of her sons, venging himself in this way forthe cruelties to which he had been subjected. But who is that new-comer to the feast?How strange his face is, as though hewn out of marble. He points to Don Juan and commandshim to follow him. Don Juan pales but goes boldly towards him, not wishing to break hisknightly word, given yesterday to the Commander's statue. See, the floor is opening, andthe gay harum-scarum disappears into the earth, together with the white spectre. All willrejoice at the death of the hardened sinner.... " Heaven offended, laws violated, girls seduced,families dishonoured, relations outraged, wives wronged, husbands in despair " (i) AH, allare pleased;*" one only, the faithful partner in nocturnal escapades, one only, SgaramelleLeporello, with dejected mien will call out: "My wages, my wages! " &lt;2? &amp;&amp; In her bedchamber Desdemona sings the doleful song of the green willow and the sadmaiden.... her eyes itch.... it seems to bode weeping,... Behold, by her bed has stood a manwith gloomy black countenance.... look, how, in the obscurity, the whites of his eyesglitter.... He is murmuring something to himself." It is the cause, it is the cause, my soul,Let me not name it to you, you chaste starsIt is the cause. Yet I'll not shed her blood;Nor scar that whiter skin of hers than snowAnd smooth as monumental alabaster...! "&amp; Look, the black man bends over the sleeper, laying on her childish lips the last kiss....the tear, stealing from under his eye-lashes, falls on Desdemona's face and wakes her....The black man summons her to prepare for death... " Then heaven have mercy on me! "softly sighs Desdemona. " Amen " replies 0the110.... and now all is quiet.... no sound.... Ibelieve the black moor has killed her.... let us withdraw.... Oh night! when wilt thou end! How silent the castle i 5.... is everyone dead already?Hark! The doors creaked.... from her chamber comes Lady Macbeth in a white garment....passes along the corridor with closed eyes, bearing a night-lamp in her hand.... see, shestops at last before the barred window, through which flow the moonbeams, silvering thebloodstained stone floor.Behold! Lady Macbeth places the lamp in the embrasure of the window, and rubs herhands together, as though washing them... She whispers something:... " All the perfumesof Arabia will not sweeten this little hand.... " &amp; Dawn already.... dawn! The matinal bird has flapped with his wings on the window-panes.&amp; Open the windows! The air is saturated with the odour of poison. Open the windows!It is stifling!... &amp; &amp;Heigh! look!.., am I not mistaken?... strain your eyes, companions, there.... there far0ff.... heavens! Coming towards us is BIRNAM WOOD. &amp;&amp; The rustling of the leaves is already to be heard on the drawbridge. For God'ssake close the gates quicker.... &amp;Do you hear? the wood ripples the chant of VENGEANCE. £?Lower the curtain! this tragi-comedy awakes awe in my bosom. &amp;Sing, excellent Toby.... louder, louder, so that I do not hear the rattleof the dying. Danceyour galliard, sweet Sir Andrew, and thou, self-proclaimed king-fiddler Sir John, tell mesome lively anecdote so that I can laugh even to tears, instead of being touched to tears....Give me some music.Now, good Cesario, but that piece of song,That old and antic song we heard last night;Methought it did relieve my passion much.... (i)Behold! what a sunny day has set in after the storm. God has hung a rainbow on thesky..., as a sign of &amp; &amp;&amp; Let joy illumine our features, joy which is the rainbow after our tears." Laud we the gods;And let our crooked smokes climb to their nostrilsFrom our blest altars. "&amp; Peace! Peace! Let us adorn our brows with oak-wreaths... let us wash the blood from ourhands and swords.... let the king's grace grant an amnesty to prisoners.... Go, soldiers, andlower your standards before the corpses of unfortunate heroes. " Let four captainsBear Hamlet like a soldier, to the stage ;For he was likely, had he been put on,To have proved most royally: and for his passageThe soldiers' music and the rites of warSpeak loudly for him* "Entwine your swords with olive branches:" Make war breed peace, make peace stint war, make eachPrescribe to other as each other's leech.Let our drums strike. "And now:" Proceed, proceed: we will begin these rites,As we do trust they'll end, in true delights. "Lower the curtain! " Quels spectacles charmants! quels plaisirs goutons nous!Les dieux merries, les dieux n'en ont point de plus doux. "Bravo! Bravo!111.And now you will wake, for" Now my charms are all o'erthrownAnd what strength 1 hav's mine own,Which is most faint! " &amp; At these words the wanderers awoke and what was their amazement when they foundthemselves at the banqueting table, in company with the Magus Prospero, Miranda andthe two spirits. No trace of the theatre..., Could it have been a dream.... such dreamswould be worth having every day!£? «• Yes, it was a dream " spoke Prospero, " and it took birth in your brains, under theinfluence of that enchanting beverage with which Ariel regaled you yesterday. Thanks tomy mirror I was able to see the phantom of your imaginations. Yes, that theatre you willfind nowhere.... beyond the circle described by your fantasies. But this theatre reallyexists! And its life is a strange one, since, although it develops itself and becomes morecomplicated with each century.... nevertheless it is everlastingly young, thanks, truly, toits imaginary existence. Try to give it a real shape.... Prospero's theatre will become thetheatre of Messrs Quince and Bottom; it will imbibe the influences of the epoch and "milieu";it will become a pulpit of literature or an histrionic circus. TJtiiiam falsus vates sim.This theatre does not exist,... but in its place exists Prospero, and your fantasy, myhonourable guests, capable of embroidering, on canvas given to you by me, the mostwonderful designs. In me you see the poet, the actor, and the stage-maitager in one person.1 myself prepared this beverage, myself sought the worthiest and most beautiful vesselsfor it, myself I scientifically guided the mirror during its operations on your minds; meand only me, in various forms, did you see during the whole time of your dream. On theTHEATRUM OF YOUR SOULS have appeared figures from different epochs in costumes cutin various styles.In the most dishonest pickpockets you have been able to discern just as much goodnessas there is dishonesty in the best citizen.... consequently, you could not, without tears,look upon the sufferings of criminals whom fate very often punishes too late. Your mirthequalled your sadness when looking on these cowards, boasters, and on ludicrous andunhappy lovers; for every MAN appearing in this TRAGICOMEDY OF MAN, whetherappalling or amusing you, must have awakened in your HUMAN BREASTS: I have drawn tones from every key, have mixed colours from all palettes.... so as tocreate a man.He appeared to you more grotesque, more ridiculous, more terrible than his photographIn naturalistic drama. He appeared to you less elegant, less virtuous, and less elegantlyvicious, than his optimistic caricature in pseudo-classical &lt;£? &amp;You have seen that every heroic deed has its comic side, and vice versa; you havelearned to descry in, apparently, the most absolute baseness, certain elements of Beautyand vice versa; you have recognised that in this world, good and bad are equal powers,which are governed by DESTINY. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;You have perceived, in fine, that behind the back of each man without exception, standmy two subordinate spirits: Ariel and Caliban. jg? &lt;£? &lt;£? &lt;£?I have given you a foretaste of the existence of " more things in heaven and earth....than are dreamt of in your philosophy. "I have shown you the mystical union of man and spirits, and the mysterious germs ofhuman actions. jz? &amp; .£?&lt;£? jz?I have given you proofs that the rainbow flourishes after a storm, and that, over thegraves of those sleeping the everlasting sleep, lilies grow and larks &amp;And all that I have shown you " held, as 'twere the mirror up to nature; showed virtueher own feature, scorn her own image, and the very age and body of the time his formand pressure. " jz? jg? jg?jz? You would certainly not be creators.... and creation is the duty of every man who isaware of the existence of his soul.... you would not, I repeat, be creators, but Athenianartisans of Mr. Bottom's company, deprived of imagination, if in every day life you willnot have descried those fantastic colours with which my drama burned. It seems to me however that this pell»mell and apparent disorder render more exactlyreal life under fantastic forms than the moral drama the most minutely studied. Each mancontains in himself the entire humanity; and, writing what comes into his head, he meetswith greater success than in copying with a magnifying glass objects placed outside of him. (i) &amp; I am sometimes astonished at youthful poetasters* complaints of reality, which clipstheir wings. What kind of reality do they see? The same with which those Athenians live,that, which is the rotten fruit of their boorish philosophy. Hence are derived the inventedstuff, and nonsense about Utopia, in which such malcontents, from that seeming grey realitymight find a refuge, but which they never do find. 4&gt; 4? 4?4? How unheavenward must be the flight of those over-poetised ganders, how unswanlike!the dirty hands of the first-coming Athenian churl may reach their wings. But we. gentlemen,who by the grace of God have the wings of cherubims, we know that reality is somethingutterly different from the distorted picture reflected in the cheap greenish looking-glass ofthe rustic consciousness of the Athenian man. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;4/ We know that reality depends on ourselves only, that we are its creatures always, andthat we see it such as our CREATIVE WILL desires to see it. For that reason we do notknow the boundery line between fable and truth, between dreaming and waking, and forthat reason let us not flee from this reality for it is situated within us; each apparition,apparently for the ages of others, placed beyond us, is the effect of the emanation of thatcluster of rays which fills our souls with a mystic light. »€? 4? 4? 4?For that reason I earnestly beg you not to try to range m;y drama under any categorywhatsoever. Leave that to literary historians, who would not fall asleep quietly, if, havingmet on their way with something singular, they did not baptise it with one of the namesof their more than modest calendar. 4/ 4? 4?4? Do not call my theatre either classic or romantic or naturalistic. &amp; 4?You have seen that all these beautiful movements are contained in it without a remainder.4* Do not call it idealistic or realistic, since these words are devoid of sense for us, thecreators of reality. j&amp;4? &amp;4? Call it: NATURE'S MIRROR.... 4? A mirror as singular.... as beautiful as nature itself.&amp; And now behold!&amp; Here Prospero threw high up into the air his regal orb, turned in the form of theterrestrial globe, which shone in the sun with the most marvellous colours. 4? 4&amp;4&gt; 44 Behold! 44 TOTUS MUNDUS HISTRIONEM AGIT. 4? 4? 4? &amp;4? Farewell.... go to your own country and do not forget Prospero's Theatre. Do not tryeven to combat with Mr. Bottom, your pride should not allow you to do 50.... in fine, thistheatre will last at least as long as human stupidity. Farewell! " 4? &amp; &amp;The Languishing Mariners sailed from the enchanted island, taking with them theprescription for the bewitching beverage, and their souls enriched with treasures ofexquisite dreams. 4? 4? 4/ 4? THE END. The Garter Inn. " Rex bibendi " Parolles A merry trio Antol i c it s IT a rleq ii i no . S i g 11 orT ru f fsC l d i no. P u lei ne 11 a. In the tow li. The square. Pe 11 ueh i o Monsieurford a i n . The GrecianArmy . 4? Capita 11 oSpavento. T he Mo b The Castle. Tit us pAndronicus. Don Juan. D e s d e wo 11 a. D aw ii. jg? Sun after storm Pr os p e r o ' &amp;Theatre . The creation ota M a 11 . Ariel &amp; Caliban C re at i o 11 i sthe duty of man. Cieati vc Will. Nature's Mirror. (1) Maurice Sand, " Masques et Bouf'fons. " (i) Moliere, Don Juan. (1) These finales are taken from " Twelfth night" " Cymbeline " —Hamlet " " Timon of Athens " and " BourgeoisGentllhomme. " (1) Gautler. op. clt. A NOTE ON AN OLDENGRAVING. by Allen Carric. wh at an excellent background tothe Drama of Astronomers is this windowwith moon, and stars... The modern artistwould have represented the moon &amp; stars seenthrough the window.... how appalling, howoverwhelming would it then have been tocontemplate! But here the artist shows us themoon and stars of the Astronomer-Poets; notthings to be reckoned with and argued about,but matters of Poetry. &amp; 4? &amp;4? The Artist has no business to concernhimself with that which comes under theheading of speculation. How can he draw forus that about which he is still in doubt?&amp; Let philosophers and logicians havedoubts,... an Artist can have none. ON TOLERANCE IN DRAMATIC CRITICISM. by Gordon Craig. Mr E. F. Spence has written lately in the Westminster Gazette on Tolerance in DramaticCriticism. It is hardly a subject which we should expect Mr William Archer to be ableto handle, or even Mr Max Beerbohm. Mr Walkley....? we 11....! But Mr Spence is of all thecritics the most tolerant and the most generous and what he says is really most important.1 shall therefore reprint rather a long passage from it, believing that by so doing I amserving the very best interests of the most spirited movement of the theatre in England.&amp; 44 Some remarks lately appearing in a popular weekly paper concerning Mrs. Patrick44 Campbell's 44 Deirdre " and 44 Electra " deserve a little consideration. One of the critics44 attached to the paper spoke of the affair as being an 44 indifferent performance of indifferent44 tragedies," and then said it was 44 a simple affectation to profess to enjoy it," and that it44 was not, 44 as some people seem to think, a mark of culture, but only of insufficient culture44 not to acknowledge that one is bored by this kind of thing." An affronted critic wrote14 to the paper, complaining of the charge of affectation and insufficient culture, and was44 promptly rebuked as 44 a bumptious correspondent, and told that his letter convinced the44 critic that he was one of those affected persons whose misdirected zeal the writer deplored.44 This attitude is not a novelty. Most of the critics, when 1 was a boy, charged the professed44 admirers of Wagner with being impostors or imbeciles; later on, anyone who professed44 to like the pictures of Whistler or Rossetti or Burne-Jones, or any of the Impressionists,44 was accused of affectation. When Ibsen was introduced to England the conservative44 critics raved, and alleged that the Ibsenites (or Obscenites—the word was considered very44 witty) were humbugs; this was the least offensive of their charges. The same kind of44 thing happened in the case of Maeterlink. One might cite many other instances. &amp;44 It is a curious form of attack. Why should I, who had much pleasure and certainly44 no boredom, if a shade of disappointment, from Mr. Yeats's play and Mrs. Campbell's44 beautiful acting, be charged with affectation because I said so, and also with insufficient44 culture? There is a certain amount of inconsistency in the charges which may be disregarded.44 Of course, I am insufficiently cultured. There are thousands of plays and books that I44 ought to have read, of dramas I ought to have witnessed, of pictures I ought to have44 seen, masses of music I ought to have heard—and have not—and, therefore, 1 am a person44 of very insufficient culture. But the writer in question should offer some evidence of his44 own sufficiency of culture before alleging that my opinion concerning the play and the44 performance is due to a lack of culture. After all, in a free country one would seem44 entitled to express an opinion on a question of art without being called a liar by someone44 who takes a different view. The matter is one of some importance, because the attack is44 insidious and dangerous. The deadliest weapon in the hands of the critic is the allegation44 of boredom. You may say that a piece is vulgar, indelicate, inartistic, indecent, full of44 44 chestnuts, " old-fashioned, 44 melodramatic, " violent, ill-constructed, or unoriginal44 without doing fatal injury, but if you allege that you and everybody else suffered from44 boredom your attack may be fatal. This, I think, is the reason why the charge is so often44 made by people with strong prejudices. &amp;&amp; 44 There is something to be said on both sides. No doubt the lovers of the severer form of44 drama, the worshippers of Shaw, the body which has supported the societies of which the44 Independent Theatre was the first and has regarded the Court Theatre for a while as a44 kind of Mecca, are not always judicious when talking about musical comedy and comic opera,4 and some members of it have been very narrow-minded. They have refused to admit themerit of any comic operas, except those of Gilbert and Sullivan, they have lavished44 indiscriminating abuse upon almost all others, have looked upon Daly's Theatre and the44 Gaiety and the Prince of Wales' as so many Nazareths. This, of course, has caused a great44 deal of annoyance to the lovers of musico-dramatic work, some of whom have been quite44 indiscriminate in their loves. Moreover, some of the austere folk have denounced melodrama44 and the so-called romantic comedy, without drawing nice distinctions. This indiscriminate44 denunciation has naturally caused annoyance and reprisals. Still, a strong difference of44 attitude exists. Because I dislike 44 A Chinese Honeymoon " enormously, because wild 44 motorbuses could not drag me to see 44 The Scarlet Pimpernel," I do not doubt, or pretend44 to doubt, that hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions, of people have enjoyed them. When44 an eminent member of the Bar told me that he had been three times to see 44 A ChineseHoneymoon," I did not charge him with affectation or insufficient culture, I merely put him,44 in my mind, into a particular interesting class. When a charming lady told me at dinnerthat she doted on 44 The Scarlet Pimpernel," and would like to go and see it every night,44 1 knew she was in earnest, and asked her to point out.her husband to me; he did look a44 little careworn. Without for one moment believing in the phrase 44 De gustibus non est44 dispulandum " as ordinarily interpreted, ! fully recognise that palates differ. If M. Steinheil44 chose to dine upon cold pork=pie, sausage, cold veal, and lobster, as the papers allege, I am44 not surprised that he died, only a little amazed that the French police are puzzled as to44 the cause of his death, but I see no reason for charging him with affectation in eating such44 a meal, or insufficient culture, though it was hardly the banquet of a gourmet. I have44 shuddered at a costly Bouillabaisse chez Roubillon at Marseilles without doubting that44 poor old 44 G. A. S." loved the dish. I prefer homely beer to any of the white wines of the44 Rhine; yet I believe that many people honestly enjoy those high=priced varieties of44 weak-minded vinegar, and am sure that it is not affectation that causes some people to44 profess to like black-pudding and tripe and onions. &amp;44 The matter has its serious aspect. The attacks made, very unfairly I think, upon the44 novel forms of drama by conservative critics, when they take this form of alleging that not44 only the critic but the audience was bored, and that professed admirers are insincere,44 undoubtedly are very effective, and certainly are sometimes made in good faith. There are44 people so foolish as to think that nobody can like what they do not; also so fatuous as to44 consider that no one ought to like what they do not: but to jump from this to alleging that44 the professed admirers of ambitious works are humbugs is outrageous. Ido not doubt that44 the butcher=»boy enjoys 44 Sweeney Todd, the Barber of Fleet=street." Why should he44 disbelieve the statement by me that I get pleasure from a performance of a 44 Hedda Gabler,"44 which would hardly appeal to him? In my belief large numbers of playgoers have been kept44 away from able and ambitious dramas, written by dramatists with a true artistic aim, because44 of the oft repeated allegations by newspaper writers who did not like them that everybodj'44 was bored; also, I think that the wholesale denunciation of the lighter forms of dramatic44 and musico-dramatic forms of entertainment by some of the critics has weakened their44 influence, has led the man in the street to think that if Mr. X or Y or Z can find no pleasure44 in what he likes that he will get no entertainment from what they admire. One supposes,44 at least hopes, that dramatic critics of all kinds and grades have an honest desire for the44 advance and success of British drama. They will hardly be successful in their„wishes unless4 on each side a little more tolerance is shown for the opinions professed by members of the44 other.That is the commencement of Mr Spence's article. The insufferable attitude which heobjects to is peculiar to England alone. It seems to be the prerogative of a peculiarlyeccentric clique in London to find in the work of young poets and young painters somethingwhich is vile and not to be endured.This clique positively hates beauty and the people who live to create beauty. It iscomposed of people who are intolerable and intolerant. They are a wretched and ignorantlittle set who go about calling themselves the majority, and, as Mr Spence says, they aredangerous because, like scandalmongers, they go about whispering that every one is boredby Beauty.1 think Mr Spence is far too good when he tries to set the example of tolerance for thesake of these wretches. I think his tolerance does them too much honour. They care nota scrap for the mild and courteous remonstrance for their skin is thick and theirconscience dull.But there is something we must not forget. This little clique here spoken of is alwaysboasting that it is the public, (as if that could stand as an excuse for its sterility) and hassucceeded in coining so many phrases for the occupants of the stalls and the pit to makeuse of, that evefi today we find really nice people with the best will in the world talkingutter nonsense at the theatre. If the managers were to cancel all the free lists, things would bebetter, for it is obvious that it is the welI»to»do, ill-doing ladies and gentlemen who get their seats for nothing who start all this chatter. English audiences must talk at all costs, andas they cannot talk sense they must talk nonsense, and generally harmful nonsense. Inother lands the theatre public is a most intelligent body off people, intensely serious andnot afraid of being so: intensely fond of these very plays, " Deirdre " and "Electra," bythese very poets, Yeats and Hofmannsthal, about whom these imbeciles in the London stallschoose to be impertinent. What right has any man or woman in the London stalls tohave anything to say about the work off Mr Yeats or Mr Hofmannsthal? I can bringcountless reasons to show that these creatures should remain entirely silent before twosuch beautiful works, and give proof beyond measure why public and critics alike shouldremain silent.... yes, entirely silent.... when in the presence off a masterpiece, (i) If such anignoramus should proffer me his opinion that the works in question are not masterpieceshe will be unable to say why or to defend his assertion, whereas I shall be able to affordhim convincing proof as to the truth of mine. JS? &amp; &amp;But I fear these creatures are not even answerable for their opinion: they are answerablefor someone else's opinion, and that " someone else " is that little clique composed ofthose who enter the theatre without paying for their seats: and let it be understood clearlythat that little clique is composed of a group of men of whom half are on the stage and halfin the stalls.There is a conspiracy on the part of some of the managers and a few over-fed sleepyactors to prevent the development of this younger theatre as represented by its poets, itsactors and its other members; and let me tell these gentlemen,... and here I can drop theimpersonal note and be as personal as is necessary.... let me tell you, gentlemen, that youshall not succeed, but it is we who shall succeed.£? To begin with, you are a set of cowards. You are entirely afraid to come out andfight for your cause because you know that yours is the old cause of the incapable. Theincapable, as you know quite well, fight more meanly than any other body of people. Theincapable have grown fat and unhealthy through the success of their incapacity, and thatis the success which 1 attribute to you. If the standard which you have lowered till ittrails on the ground be raised but a foot higher your occupation is gone. You have thecleverness, the cunning, to know this, but you have not the cleverness to know how to hideyourselves entirely and we are now taking steps to marshal! your names in order sothat we may make an exhibition of you before these sycophants of yours, whom youtell to whisper it about that the world is bored by the works of young masters whowill not permit their works to be defiled by the unutterable clamminess of your touch. Deirdre " and]slec t r a " A curious formof attack. 44 Boredom n Narro w-minde dciit i c s . Palates differ. I li tolerance. Its result. An eccentricclique. The evil of freelists . &amp; A conspiiacy. The incapable. THE EIGHTH COMMANDMENT.INTERNATIONAL COPYRIGHT. JOHN BALANCE. still hold the belief that they can rule the fate of the world, guide the forcesof man and generally keep everything straight, and so a Committee has been formed to teach people to keep their hands from picking and stealing, and, queerly enough, the meetingfor this purpose is convoked in Berlin, in the ery hot=bed of the pickers and stealers.£/ Far reaching revisions of the Copyright Law have been lately reported, and everyonereads these voluminous reports, looking for some sign in this heavenly firmament,... somesign that they are living in an age of civilization where there are banks for other things thanbonds and strong rooms for other things than gold. But, alas, no sign is to be seen. The columnsof reports show only too clearly that there is no protection against the thief.£? The thief is a peculiar kind of man. A thief is not one who annexes a purse or an ideaand enlarges it and returns it to the people or the owner in a better state than he took it;but he is a thief who takes a purse or an idea and robs it of what it contains and returnsit to the people or the owner guaranteeing that it is improved, and backing his guaranteeby much advertisement and influence. Now that is what is done every day in regard to ideas. No one would be fooled aboutsuch a thing were purses merely the stolen goods, for everyone knows the difference betweena full and an empty purse, but few know the difference between a full and an empty idea.I make bold to say that there is not an artist in the world who would grudge anotherman stealing his genius (if, by the way, it conld be stolen), transforming it into somethingmore beautiful and passing it on to the world. Artists are perhaps the most generous peopleon the round globe and their trials today are far sterner than they were formerly, for theyare not only witnesses of the theft and ruination of their ideas, they are doomed to standby while the people hysterically applaud the transformation of good to bad, and to listento the cries of the hawkers who are announcing " all the latest improvements ". &amp;All the conferences in the world on the question of International Copyright are not goingto alter this, and the only question which remains to be answered is, Is this a sign of thenatural death of the Arts? It is folly for Nature to contend against dissolution, and ifthe Arts are dying, then why waste any more time over them? A quick and tidy death isfar more desirable than a protracted one.Perhaps the winds from America which are assisting in this destruction—which I, as anartist, must look on as the utmost folly of all follies—perhaps this wind bringing on itscurrents the wonders of electricity and the marvels of aviation, perhaps this wind will blowgood stuff around the world. Perhaps it is really time to put away childish things such asmusic, poetry and the rest; or, to put it differently, perhaps it is time for the artistsgracefully to retire from the field. There is such a thing as over=staying one's welcome.&amp; To those who wish to be rid of us, those last words on the doorstep are reallyrathef a bore, although to the departing guest who wishes to stay they are the pleasantestof all. &amp; Still, it would be far more tasteful of the artists to retire before the hour is too lateand before everyone is yawning. Perhaps a little ceremony to mark the moment wouldbe a graceful act on the part of the world; a little conference perhaps on that; perhapsa few speeches of thanks to the artists for their labours, more especially for thelabours of their forefathers whose works have supported so very many wealthy familiesfor many centuries and still continue to be the pride (?) of the centres of Europe.And there are reasons why the artist should retire once and for all. He does notusually like posing, although today it is the general belief that every artist is a poseur,and so this enforced position of his today of lying posed upon the rack is thoroughly distastefulto him. There is too much talk about the " will to endure " today. That is almost as grossas its opposite: it has become with nearly threefourths of the people today a pose whichthey are forced to accept through necessity. Not that I mean " necessity " in the triflingmatter of bread and butter. I mean the need of the nourishment of their ancient pride andnobility. It is this need and this starvation which fill Trafalgar Square today, and whichbring out five thousand policemen to prevent twenty women entering Parliament, andwhich will in time breed some strange and terrible resistance among those who practisethe arts, unless, as I have suggested, they retire freely. By doing so they would thus savethe face of those for whom they have continually laboured,... their children, the vulgarpeople. For the earth is made up of two classes only: artists and the vulgar: there is noother distinction between people than this.The vulgar have got the upper hand so it is best that the artist should retire. Then there willbe no further need for these farces which are called " Conferences" to decide mattersrelating to International Copyright. Then everybody will be free to take any ideas they canfind, for there will be no longer any ideas to lose. As it is, about a handful of men on theearth provide the rest with ideas, and the rest arrange International Copyright Laws.What on earth is the use then of them to any but "the rest"? &amp; &amp;Mr E. F. Spence, writing in the Westminster Gazette on the 28th November, says, " 1 o" the bulk of the people ideas seem hardly the subject of property: even the stern moralist" who would hesitate to steal an umbrella, or to exchange an old for a new Gibus, at a" crush, thinks lightly of the theft of an idea; and I doubt whether the convicted plagiarist" would be banished from any club. Nevertheless, 110 thoughtful person can deny that" in a court of morals the theft of an idea, which has been so far realised as to become the" subject of property, is quite as dishonourable as the theft of a gold watch and chain&amp; Mr Spence indicates that a conference on morality would be more profitable: he suggests that priest's laws, not patent laws, are more desirable. He addresses himself, with finetoleration, to the deafest city in Europe; he appeals to its morals, the morals of London:...and on matters relating to theft!!! He suggests a new Idea, a new moral, to the people ofLondon. This is not merely tolerant; it is decidedly bold. It suggests that London is deficientin its knowledge of how many morals there are. &amp; &amp;How charmingly Mr Spence writes! With up=!ifted finger he seems to say, in the somewhatkindly tone of the old Englishman, " Now then, you know, my boy,.... no umbrellas, nocrush hats; and if you can manage it, try also to resist forging cheques!"I am afraid that very little will be done by so kindly an exhortation as this. I am afraidthat it needs something sterner than this, and I am also afraid that no amount of copyright- law will ever be so complete that it cannot be circumvented. Ideas, as I have saidabove, are not actually stolen, but their worth is stolen and something worthless issubstituted under the same name. Ideas cannot be stolen and their value preserved bythe thief, (i) This is what should be told to the people, this is what the world should betaught: this truth, fully understood, would be of more protection to the work of the artistthan any number of Copyright Laws, however w£H revised. For there is nothing a receiver of stolen goods detests more than to be cheated by a thief. &amp; C o m mi tte e s . The trials ofAt t i st s . America 11111 f1 u c nee. The withdrawalof the Artist. Two classesonly . &amp; Mr /?. F. Spence, So 111 e th i n gsterner needed, (i) If a man approaches a work of art with any desire to exercise authority over it and the artist, he approaches it insuch a spirit that he cannot receive any artistic impression from it at all. The work of art is to dominate the spectator:the spectator is not to dominate the work of art. The spectator Js to be receptive. " The Soul of Man. " Oscar Wilde. A NOTE ON APPLAUSE by Adolf Furst. |n the Moscow Art=Theatre applause plays a very minor role. In England no play can livewithout it. No actor takes a call before the curtain; hence there is no applause.&amp; Re a del; Isn't that very dull?Writer: You might think so, Moscow doesn't. It is all a matter of the point of view.When the acting is poor an enthusiastic roaring and thundering audience are necessary tokeep up the spirits; but when the acting is absorbing, applause is not needed.... and if theactor wont come and bow, or the curtain rise after it has once fallen,... well then, applausebecomes futile. &amp;Reader: Who ever heard of such an idea? &amp;Writer: My dear reader, it is not an idea, it is an established fact. Remove the reasonfor applause and you prevent the applause itself, and in doing so prevent a vulgarity.&amp; Reader: But it is tSie natural desire to want to applaud when you see something good.Writer: Rather is it an unnatural habit. You do not applaud a thing, only a man or awoman. Applause is the flattery of the strong by the weak. &amp; &amp; &amp;If the conductor and musicians of an orchestra were not seen we should never applaudmusic. We do not applaud architecture, painting, sculpture or literature. &amp; &amp;It is only when the poet appears that we suddenly become excited through fear of thesuperior force of the man we scent a danger we burst out into applause.We do not applaud the Atlantic Ocean or the poems of the Ocean, but, catching sight ofthe man who can swim furthest in that Ocean, we utter birdlike and beastlike cries.... whatBarbarism ! The air and the poems of the air leave us calm,... but the arioplanist wegreet with enthusiasm.... we feel it is better for us to be friends with such a man.Applause is the gross expression of a fear awakened in the presence of a man in astronger position than that held by ourselves. The sooner applause is banished from thetheatre the better for actors and audience. The way partly to prevent it is to leave thecurtain down at the end of each act and not raise it again till the beginning of the next act,and to give up the bad practice of the actor appearing before the curtain. &amp;&amp; Reader: But the audience want it, they want to see their favorites again and again.Writer: Then let there be a new kind of Zoo, with men and women on view in the cages. (1) Like the Blue Birds in the Maeterlinck tale which turn black when caged and carried off, so do ideas lose all theircolour in the hands of a thief. BOOK REVIEW FAUST AT "HIS MAJESTY'S"A dapted by Stephen Phillips &amp; J.ComynsCarr. (Macmillan &amp; C.) Price 4/- A. L. T. Hphe Dramatist finds the materials for his* Art in the relations of Man with himself:with his experience, i. e. with his fellow men,with women; and with the Infinite, God orDestiny. All dramatic motifs will come underone of these heads, and the greatest Dramasto some extent deal with them all, thoughit will generally be found that one or otherof them has supplied the leading theme. Thetragedy of Hamlet for instance, is that ofhis own personality, which his egotism, pushedto insanity, identifies with the Infinite; hisrelations with others, with his father's spiritor with Ophelia, serve merely as foils orillustrations to that main idea.The great dramatists, being not only poetsand philosophers but also great artists, theirsubsidiary motifs are apt to be treated withsuch patient craft and wealth of detail that itis not always very easy to determine thefundamental theme of the drama. Especiallyis this the case with Faust. The skill withwhich the subordinate characters are drawn,the precision and richness of the secondaryevents in the action, not to speak of theintricate symbolism of the Second Part, serveas much to veil as to indicate the main idea.The popular imagination has naturally seizedon the romance of Faust and Gretchen asthe principal theme of the poem. The 44 heart"is easily moved by the tears of maidens wholove more well than wisely, and seductionmust inevitably appear to those many peoplewho are constitutionally unable to raise theirpsychic lives out of the soft valleys of senseand emotion, as the one supremely tragicclimax of experience. To such as these44 Faust " under the title of 44 The Woes ofGretchen " is nothing but a pendant to the44 Sorrows of Werther. " The Management of44 His Majesty's " whose primary duty is toentertain the public, very properly takes thisview and Messrs Stephen Phillips and ComynsCarr have 44 freely adapted " and cut the poemto suit it. These gentlemen seem to call forneither praise nor blame. Since it had to bedone, I daresay they have done it as well aswas possible. And when we remember thespectacular resources of which Mr. Tree hasso often given us proof, the enormous successof the venture is more than amply justified.It is just possible however that some of the delighted occupants of the Stalls, or perhapsthe Pit, of that comfortable House, in theintervals of the 44 Ohs! " drawn from theirdinner-laden bosoms by each fresh culminationof scenic display, may have asked themselveswhat Goethe's meaning really was. Is it reallythe case, they may have in anentr'acte, unheeding the proffered bonbon orlemonade (and even the charming personswho sell them), that the mightiest intellect ofmodern timesfound such profound significancein the episode of Gretchen's adventure that hechose it for the great work of his life, lavishingon it his utmost resources of wisdom andfancy? tls the eternal Magdalen the true44 Womansoul who leads us onward and up? "To any such devout enquirers into Goethe'smeaning I would suggest that there is anotherand a deeper interpretation. &amp; ug?The conflict between pure thought andexperience forces itself very soon upon theattention of the student of philosophy. Itpresents itself in various forms. Hegel'sAbsolute Idea eternally realized in fullperfection as it demonstrably must be, in theWorld, jars hopelessly with the circumstancesof the destruction of Messina or indeed withthe fact of five minutes of toothache. If44 Reality " is placed in that which can withoutlogical contradiction be formulated as such,then experience leaping exultantly from oneshattered category of thought to anotheris evidently 44 unreal. " On the other handexperience is given us and without it weshould not know ourselves at all, much lessas the 44 spirit " of Hegelian philosophers.Here is a hopeless impasse. 44 What must beis " says the metaphysician withlogical truth;but the premisses of that perfectly correctdeduction cannot throw even the faintestgleam of light on what will be. Experiencegoes its reckless way careless of the conditionswhich from motives of the highest rationalitywe wish to impose on it; it can only beconquered on its own terms. Those who willnot accept them are sterilized, they havedenied an instinct deeper than the instinct ofknowledge, they have denied the instinct oflife. This negation was always to Goethe theone sin against the Holy Ghost. Faust, in thefirst scene, is represented at the close of along life passed in the accumulation ofjabstractknowledge, with his hands empty, his naturestarved. So intolerable is his boredom thathe sees no escape but suicide. He is checkedin this purpose by the accidental revival ofthe religious mood which dissolves him insentimental memories of his childhood. Butthe religious mood is bound up with theassertion of the manifestly incredible dogmaof Christ's resurrection. His learning has atleast convinced him of the impossibility ofsuch a solution of the world's mystery asthat. Then he walks abroad with Wagner thesimple-minded enthusiast of knowledge, andthe respect which his disciple and his fellow- citizens have for his wisdom turns to ironicgall in his breast. At length he fully realizes his delusion and turns to life. But howto reach it? His waning powers and hissophisticated mind preclude the path ofunconscious instinct. There is no way butone; only the Devil can lead him into theschool of experience. So to the Devil he goes.In that school he learns both to love and tosuffer, but is never bored again. As theDevil's apprentice he at length arrives throughthe changing lessons of experience, and thevaried functioning of his own nature atacquiescence in human lot and reconciliationwith destiny, which he sees at last as partof himself. For the Devil is the force whichattempts evil but can only achieve good. Thusthe mystery of life solves itself for him inthe continuous act of life. This is what 1would like to murmur into the ear of theenquiring pleasure seeker at " His Majesty's " E E THEATRE I) E MONSIEUR.Pericaud (E&gt;): Paris, Eibrairie E» Jotel,mi vol. in=S., prix 5 fr. M,onsieur Louis Pericaud publie le premiervolume d'un vaste travail sur les grandes etles petites scenes de Paris pendant la Revo=&gt;lution, le Consulat et V Empire. &amp;Ee Theatre de Monsieur, dont il nous conteaujourd' hui Thistoire, fut fonde dans la sallede spectacle des Thuileries par Leonard, leperruquier de Marie Antoniette, et ViOtti, levioloniste compositeur. Apres de nombreusesdifficultes, ils avaient obtenu du Comte deProvence d'ouvrir leur etablissement sousson patronage. Lorsque la Cour abandonnaVersailles pour rentrer a Paris, les deuxassocies Tordre de quitter les Thui=»leries. Ils se rendirent alors a la Foire SaintGermain, dans la petite salle des Varietes,qu'avait occupee Nicolet; mais leur sejour dansce local fut de courte duree: aubout de quelquesmois, il s'installaient dans un edifice toutbattant neuf, qu' ils venaient d' elever a leursfrais rue Feydeau. L'aventure de Varennesrendit le frere du Roi tellement impopulaireque Leonard et Viotti se virent dans Tobli- gation de debaptiser leur theatre. II s' appeladesormais le Theatre Feydeau,On trouvera dans V ouvrage de M. Pericaudle nom de tousles artistes qui appartinrenth la troupe de Monsieut, le titre des pieces,qu' ils jouerent et de curieuses anecdotes surleurs representations. C' est un livre d'unedocumentation solide, ou les faits sont exposesavec autant de clarete que d'agrement. MONSIGNY ET SON TEMPS.Pong in (A): Paris, Eibrairie Fisclihacher,un vol. in=B, prix 10 fr.Iljxcellent monographie,dont le besoin se fai=sait sentir. Si nous possedions en effet plu=sieurs travaux sur Gretry, nous n'avionsaucun ouvrage consacre a Monsigny. Et pourtant, T auteur de Rose et Colas ne le cede enrien a I'auteur de Richard. Bien que pourvud'une instructien musicale insuffisante, Mon= signy par son exquise sensibility, par sa puis**sance demotion, par son inspiration abondanteet variee merite d'etre considere comme unedes gloires de V opera comique.M. Arthur Pougin retrace la vie et la carrier©de son heros avec une minutieus© exactitude.Grace a des papiers de famille, dont il a eucommunication, il.rectifie nombre d'erreurset apporte des faits nouveaux. II analyse lespartitions; il en present© les interpretes:Caillot, Clairval, Mme. Dugazon, les Larnetteet les Triol. Et son interessante etude estaccompagnee d'une serie d'illustrations (por»traits, costumes et decors) fournies par leMusee de TOpera, la Bibliotheque national©et des collections privees. &amp; &amp; &amp; MA ISTRE PIERRE PATHEEINpublie par M. E» Scheegans, professeur delangue et de litterature francaises a V Uni- versity de Heidelberg. Bibliotheca ronia- nica. Strasbourg. Heitz &amp; Miindel. Un vol.in-i2y prix o fr., 50 cent.text de la premiere edition connue,I'edition sortie de l'officine de GuillaumeLe Roy, que reproduitM. EdouardSchneegans.II en respecte S' orthographe et donne en no=tes les variantes des editions de Pierre Levet,Germain Beneaut et Marion De Malaunoy.La notice de M. Schneegans sur la celebrefarce da XV. siecle est aussi savante que spi=rituelle. Signalons en particulier la page ouse trouve refute le jugement severe d'ErnestRenan. II est impossible de mieux expliquerles choses et de les ramener a de plus justesproportions. Un glossaire facilite Tintelligencedu tete. De fideles reproductions font connaitreau lecteur les bois d'un realisme si vigoureux,qui ornent le Pathelin de Pierre Levet. &amp;Ce nouveau volume de la Bibliotheca roma- nica est digne de la precieuse collection de=stinee a mettre a la portee de tous, en deseditions scientifiquement etablies, les chefsd' oeuvre des litteratures italienne,espagnole et portugeaise. &amp; zz? ANNATES DU THÉATRE ET DE LAMUSIQUE. Stoullig (E.): Tome XXXIII.Paris, Ollendorff. Un vol. in-18. Prix:3 fr. 50. JEAN = JACQUES OLIVIER. r\ans son nouveau volume, M. EdmondStoullig dresse le bilan de Tannee 1907.Nous n'avons pas a faire Teloge de cettepublication. Tout le monde en connait lesmerites. Elle fournira les plus precieux do- cuments aux futurs historiens de notretheatre. La preface de M. Noziere " Contretonte tradition" est d'une delicieuse ironie. FOREIGN NOTES NEW York. P. G. Hjphe cornerstone of the New Theatre in New* York is laid, and the ceremony connectedwith it has gone off: we might say it has44 gone off fine. " The kind of work whichthis theatre is built to enshrine is, accordingto Mr Richard Watson Gilder, the poeticalworks of Shakespeare until something bettercan be found, and that Shakespeare is goingto be put on in the most lavish way may begathered from the lavish way in which thecorner stone was laid. Many beautiful rose trees were stripped oftheir blossoms so that a bower might beformed for Mr. Vanderbilt, Mr. Gilder, MrThomas, Mr Finley, Mayor Mclellan and MissGeraldine Farrar.What a thoughtless way to commence anythingnew! Could not the art of any man in Americadevise a canopy which should be worthyenough without having resource to naturepure and simple and without the massacreof many beautiful flowers, .... those flowerswhich the Emperor Huensung of the TangDynasty loved so much that he hung tinygolden bells on the branches of the trees tokeep the birds from them... those flowers thathe went often in the spring time with hiscourt musicians to give pleasure to by playingthe music of moderation ? &amp;If the Society of the West chooses to chokeits tables with a glut of cut flowers, surelythe artists of the West can learn somethingfrom the artist of the East,... can learn fromthem the respect which is due to flowers ?How right is Okakura=&lt;Kakuzo when he writesabout this matter: 44 Sad as it is, we cannot44 conceal the fact that in spite of our44 companionship with flowers we have not44 risen very far above the brute. Scratch the44 sheepskin and the wolf within us will soon44 show his teeth. It has been said that a man44 at ten is an animal, at twenty a lunatic, at44 thirty a failure, at forty a fraud, and at44 fifty a criminal. Perhaps he has become44 a criminal because he has never ceased to44 be an animal. Nothing is real to us but44 hunger, nothing sacred except our own44 desires. Shrine after shrine has crumbled44 before our eyes; but one altar forever is44 reserved, that whereon we burn incense to44 the supreme id 01,... ourselves. Our god is44 great, and money is his Prophet! We44 devastate nature in order to make sacrifice44 to him. We boast that we have conquered 44 Matter and forget that it is Matter that has44 enslaved us. What atrocities do we not44 perpetrate in the name of culture and44 refinement! " &amp;And again, 44 The wanton waste of flowers44 among Western communities is even more14 appalling than the way they are treated44 by Eastern Flower Masters. The number of44 flowers cut daily to adorn the ballrooms44 and banquet=tables of Europe and America,44 to be thrown away on the morrow, must be46 something enormous; if strung together44 they might garland a continent. Beside this44 utter carelessness of life, the guilt of the44 Flower=Master becomes insignificant. He,44 at least, respects the economy of nature,44 selects his victims with careful foresight,44 and after death does honour to their remains44 In the West the display of flowers seems44 to be a part of the pageantry of wealth,...44 the fancy of a moment. Whither do they44 all go, these flowers, when the revelry is44 over? Nothing is more pitiful than to see a44 faded flower remorselessly flung upon a44 dung heap. " However, Miss Geraldine Farrar singing of theStar Spangled Banner must have been veryinspiring. The poem of Mr Richard WatsonGilder must have sounded very noble, andthe picture of the uncovered heads of theother gentlemen standing round the gravemust have struck the hardest heart with pity.But that these poor roses should have beendragged into the scandal....no, no, no! Thatwas a bad omen for the future of the New Theatre in New York. THE CINEMATOGRAPH.'The authorities are acting in time.... the* mayor of New York has revoked all licencesfor cinemetograph exhibitions here. Thatmeans that five hundred and fifty placeswhere such shows are given have been dosed,There has been much protest from people ofNew York at the character of many of theexhibitions. This is an excellent act on thepart of the authorities who are looked to toprotect us from so called Religious Filmswhich are nothing short of vulgar exhibitionsof subjects far too sacred to be turned intoshows of this kind. Sunday performances havebeen abolished here so that those firms thatwaste their time and money preparing44 Religious " Films need do so no longer.Their Sunday business has been succesfullyknocked on the head. PARIS J. de S. Hjphe Muse of the Art of the Theatrecontinually fails to keep her appointmentwith this city, and she thereby places herimpresario in a very awkward predicamentfrom which he annually extracts himself, butnot without some difficulty. This year hehas had to resort to 44 feeding the brutes. "An announcement therefore appears to theeffect that the managers of some of the fashionable Parisian Theatres are arrangingto serve dinners in their houses which thewayward Muse has deserted. &amp;This piece of news is received by all right- thinking people with a relief which almostborders upon a sensation.Yet it must not be thought for one momenttSiat we impute any lack of dignity on thepart of the Parisians. A dead city peopledwith phantoms bedecked with diamonds anddisease, it still carries on its sleeve a certaindignity which even daws will not peck at for reasons.For all that the dinner bell ringing in theTheatre causes a silver-grey blush to springto the cheeks of the claqueur.... the audience.Its duties are a burden to it; it pays almostnothing, and a dinner or two during theevening will make the time pass less drearily.At the Opera House there is Paillard therestaurateur: his light suppers seem likethe afterglow of some dead lamp. Theypunctuate the 44 Gotterdammerung. " Theylast sometimes an hour and a half, and forthis reason Mr. Paillard has been approachedas to whether or no he is in favour of theprincipal performers appearing before thecurtain at the end of an act. &amp;It is suggested that he should take advantageof the privilege.Mr Paillard is reputed to have replied thatso long as his light suppers are not eatenupon the boards of the stage he and hiswaiters will not be able to bring themselvesto appear personally before the curtain, nomatter how great the applause may be.The 44 Journal des Theatres " states thatcomplications may arise owing to Mr Paillard'sobduracy, and to avoid anything in the natureof a disturbance a deputation of the other artists will wait upon him at his Hotel. BRUSSELS. js?TPhe Theatre here is as fashionable as ever,* the Art of the Theatre as unpopular. Oftenwe have shocking attempts to imitate thework of individual artists who visit us fromtime to time.This was the case when Miss Isadora Duncandanced here some time ago. The opera wentmad for a while. It made its ballet girls costumethemselves in things which resembled nightdresses more than Greek robes, and the balletmaster, evidently bent on the sincerest formof insult, made the poor ballet dancers moremiserable by forcing them to prance aboutin a manner more distrait that buoyant,...and the result was villainous. &amp;Fancy sixty or seventy chic girls, thoroughlyat home in frills and tights, having to discardboth,... for bareness and bedroom wear! Thepoor dears took it amiably enough, but sosadly! They felt so ashamed for once, andthe audience so full of pity. We were allhorrified here, for we love our old=fashionedballet with its foolery and its frills, and itsfine, if fading, echo of a noble century. &amp;If the master of the ballet has the desire to bring back the 44 Greek Dance " (whateverthat namey thing may be), he might spareus his experiments for a few years, and inthe meantime find his Greek girls, instil intothem, (if he knows it himself), the Greekbelief, make them dance to Greek music, andso do the thing more thoroughly. If it shouldtake him ten years we should not complain,and perhaps our children would rejoice.Still, Brussels has little to complain of as arule, and if the 44 Greek Cult that is tosay, the imitations of the performance of abeautiful personality, (i) threatens us for awhile, the clouds vanish, all the sooner bythe assistance of the many serious and learnedessays and books which come to us oftenenough. jg? &amp;To these can be added the lectures latelygiven here by Mr Jean Jacques Olivier, oneof the first of the living Theatrical Historians,whose interesting study of the actor Lekain,&amp; other books relating to the iBth CenturyTheatre in France, form so valuable acontribution to Theatrical Literature. FLORENCE. J. S. Students of the Theatre in Florence will beinterested to learn that a series of lecturesdealing with the Art and History of the stagewill be given here in connection with TheMash in the months of April and May. &amp;These lectures will be delivered some inEnglish and some in French, and Italian, thenames of the lecturers and the subjects of the lectures being announced later. LONDONTHE AFTERNOON THEATRE.| may be prejudiced, (how well this beginningreminds me of the opening of a scathingremark by some Londoner who is going totell me he does not like my writings!), I maybe prejudiced against the Afternoon Theatreon account of my affection for the EveningTheatre: I may be inclined to wonder whyin the name of goodness we should have atheatre all the time, more especially why weshould have a theatre during that time whenartificial light is surely undesirable. On theother hand I can quite understand that thehour ds shortly approaching when we shallhave the Breakfast Theatre. The SupperTheatre is already with us, according to thereports from Paris. And then there will bethe 44 Hurried Lunch Theatre: " there will bethe 44 Never Come Home to Tea " Theatre,and finally the 44 In time for the 2d Tube "Theatre. &amp;Whatever one may feel about this matter oftoo much or too little theatre there is nodoubt about one thing. It is, that if we havea theatre which opens at a somewhat un- common hour it must contain something ofuncommon quality. I can in away imagine a theatre beginningat eight o' clock in the morning, (they do itin the East.), and I can imagine people beingbrought out of their beds to go to that theatreat eight o' clock in the morning, but theremust be something very fine indeed to beseen there to make people do so. &amp; &amp;I was not able to go to the Afternoon Theatremyself for two reasons. First of all, I wasnot invited, and secondly I was very busypreparing myself for a fatal plunge into oneof the new Frohmann theatres that evening.I had promised myself a whole day of undis- turbed rest before venturing into thatterrible atmosphere, but I knew I could relyon the instinct and taste of two of mycolleagues who had accompanied me often todifferent performances. &amp; &amp;I asked them to write me as to what theythought of the performance of 44 Hannele."1 received two letters the next day.One began on the subject of the Anglo-Russianentente, passed on to matters of foreign artand then somehow or other glided into agloomy talk about death. After a page ortwo in this strain the writer proceeded:44 And"speaking of being dead, I saw "Hannele" bril- liantly misinterpreted... misunderstood with44 quite marvellous instinct... it is wonderful44 how skilfully men escape the toils of Beauty."The writer then went on to speak of Shake- speare, of the art of India and other beautifulthings which evidently had nothing to dowith the Afternoon Theatre and are thereforenot necessary to be rewritten here.So much for my first colleague.My second correspondant went into moredetail.441 thought 44 Hannele" at His Majesty's44 Theatre very bad. When it was originally44 given in England there was something lovely44 about it. There was no attempt at stage44 effect then.... it was not pretentious. The44 acting was not wonderful, but it was not44 gaudy, it was not showy. At His Majesty's44 the show was what has been described as44 a Christmas Card Show. Mr Ainley was well44 enough as the Schoolmaster. Miss Marie44 Lohr looked very pretty as 44 Hannele "....and the rest of the communication waslibellous.Now, what is to be done when, unable to facea Matinee and an evening performance in thesame day, and when you ask intelligent peopleto report to you intelligently about one ofthe two they are unable to find anythingto praise? There must be something backof it a11.... Perhaps there is actually nothingto praise !Perhaps I am prejudiced, but if I had beenthere I think I could have extracted somepleasure out of the performance and foundsomething and some one to praise.There is the Box Office, for instance, and theamiable man who guards it. There are theprogramme sellers: there are the obedientlime light workers: there are the sceneshifters: there is the orchestra, and there is the man who rings the curtain up and down.All honourable positions, and always filledcreditably and, seemingly, with, the utmostenthusiasm; and I do think that, had I wit=nessed " Hannele " I should have given muchpraise to these excellent men of the ranks.As for the captains, if, as according to thereports, they had been untrue to all the canonsof art, we 11,... we 11,... we all know what isdone to the traitors to a cause. g? (1) We suppose our correspondent to refer to Miss IsadoraDuncan. Ed. TRADITION. G. H. M r H.B. Irving continues to delight the publicby performing for them the plays his fa=thermade famous. Opinion is a little divided asto whether he should not leave these playsalone and choose others which belong morerightfully to his own personality, but 1 amentirely of. the opinion that no one has abetter right to enact these plays, and in myjudgment no one does or could act thembetter.To say that the performances are not thesame as those which Henry Irving gave us isno more than to say that Charles Kean'sperformances of Shylock or Richard 111 werenot the same as those of Edmund Kean.There cannot be anything more becomingthan that a son should keep alive the memoryof his father, and there is no better way todo it than what young Henry Irving is doing at present. EDITORIAL NOTES One of Mr Bernard Shaw's latest utterancesconvinces us that he is just beginning toperceive wherein lies the difference betweenan artist and a socialist, wherein lies thedifference between beauty and ugliness, andwherein lies the difference between WilliamBlake and Mr Bernard Shaw. &amp;We all know Blake's splendid lines from " Avision of the Last Judgment " in which hesays " 1 assert, for myself, that 1 do not" behold the outward creation, and that to"me it is hindrance and not action. What"it will be questioned, when the sun rises," do you not see a round disc of fire somewhat" like a guinea? Oh! no, no, 1 see an" innumerably company of the heavenly host" crying, " Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God " Almighty! " I question not my corporeal"eye any more than 1 would question a window44 concerning a sight. 1 look through it, and44 not with it. " &amp;Mr Bernard Shaw writes: 44 If you stand on44 Holborn Viaduct and take a snapshot of the44 things that are occurring, you have an" exact, superficial record; but you know44 nothing of Holborn Viaduct in any spiritual44 or truthful sense. If, on the other hand,44 another man, instead of saying,44 There are44 men and women walking up and down the44 street, " says 441 see a ladder stretched from44 earth to heaven, with angels ascending and44 descending, " you not only find that man44 much more interesting than the other, but44 I suggest that there would be genuine truth4* at the bottom of what he said, that there44 was some thing to be got out of it, that44 possibly he was a man able to make a44 revelation to you. " &amp; &amp;Now it seems to us, when we call to mindMr Bernard Shaw's writings of many yearsthat he has written in mockery against allthat is beautiful: that is to say, all that isnot actual, all that cannot be seen with thecorporeal eye. Had he sincerely felt and seenwith Blake, all this time we had been receivingpoems instead of satires; for Mr BernardShaw, instead of seeing 44 men and womenwalking up and down the street " wouldhave seen 44 a ladder stretched from earth toheaven, with angels ascending and descending,and we would have found 44 that man muchmore interesting than the other " and we arequite sure there would have been 44 genuinetruth at the bottom of what he said " andthat 44 possibly he was a man able to makea revelation" to us. &amp; &amp;But Mr Shaw has always pointed out thestreet, and said it is a street and nothing buta street; that it is the ugliest street on theface of the earth; that there is only one thingto do and that is to sneer at it and to walkup and down it. And as he has looked uponthe street with the corporeal eye so has helooked upon the sun with the corporeal eye,and in the same way has he looked upon thetrees, the animals, the men and women ofthe suburb in which he has chosen to dwell.Now what makes Mr Shaw shift his wholeground in this manner? Has influence beenbrought to bear upon him? We fear it is toolate. The old laws remain the same as theyever did and poets and artists are born, notinfluenced into being. &amp;Mr Shaw is the type of the self«made artistand there is no such thing as a genuineartist who has made himself; and yet self madeartists abound all over the place. It is asmuch a profession today to be 44 an artist "as to be anything else. &amp; &amp; &amp;Mr Shaw, like one of the characters in hisown plays, has felt behind him that propellingpower of moral purpose which has shot himfrom Dublin into London with the directpurpose of reforming London; and havinggiven us a sermon,... a bitter sermon,... and mocked at all things to do with the poorpeople of London, he winds up by turning onthe sanctimonious smile and suggesting thatlater on he will see ladders stretching fromLondon to Heaven, and the angels of AdelphiTerrace ascending and descending thereon.are very thankful to see that theReligious Film Firms are having a badtime of it in New York. Our correspondantin New York points out in another columnthat the people of that town have protestedagainst the whole traffic, so that the Mayorof New York closed five hundred and fiftyof the places where such blasphemies areperpetrated.In the July, August and January numbers ofThe Mask we drew attention to the dangerof permitting such exhibitions and we hopethe authorities will act in the severest possibleway and will not rest until they have passeda law, preventing horrors of any descriptionleaking through to the public by this deadlyprocess. Besides the unspeakable horror ofthese Religious Films there are other horrorswhich it would be good to prevent. Far toomany murders and suicides are shown inthis realistic manner. It conduces to murderand suicide.... if is in no way a prevention....scientists should be consulted on such mattersif there be any doubt in the mind of theauthorities. Some time ago picture postersdepicting such horrors were banned inEngland. There must be some reason behindsuch a We hope this whole matter of the censorshipof Cinemetograph Films will be carried throughsternly and thoroughly.mm r William Archer has made a wonderfulnew 44 arrangement. " As announced inThe Author it reads as follows:44 Mr William Archer has now made an44 arrangement with Messrs. Curtis, Brown44 &amp; Massie by which he will, if desired by44 the authors, prepare a detailed criticism44 and comment on all plays submitted to him.44 A feature of the arrangement is that Mr44 Archer will report, not only on completed44 plays, but also on scenarios, and may thus44 be able to help many a good idea from44 going wrong, and may also be able to nip44 in the bud some of the hopeless plays on44 which authors might otherwise waste their44 time. " &lt;£&gt;We think that this is about the last wordthat can be said in the matter of play writing.The idea of Mr William Archer seriously44 helping to save many a good idea fromgoing wrong "... in fact, preventing a singledramatic egg from being addled, is stupendous;the picture of Mr Archer 44 nipping in thebud " some of the 44 hopeless plays on whichauthors might otherwise waste their time "is delicious.^How many beautiful flowers Mr Archer willdestroy if he gets the chance! We see himwandering round the garden, pausing before every other tree and, with a sigh, breathingforth the dread words, 44 Hopeless, hopeless,hopeless! " We see him passing onwards,nipping to the right and to the left: we seehim carrying all these buds and throwingthem to the poultry whose eggs he is goingto take under his wing: we see him carrying- all these eggs back to the house,... and wemust say that we would give anything to seehim slip with the whole basket, and, after agood scolding from his housekeeper, promisehe will never do it again. &amp;For really, if the report is right, Mr Archer'sattempt is one of the most stupendous piecesof impertinence which has ever been flung inthe face of an intelligent world. To begin with, what right has Mr Archer tocomment on any plays? He knows less aboutthe creation of a play than these youngauthors whom he proposes to help. He hasheld authoritative positions on papers inEngland, and has done more damage to theEnglish Theatre than any other man we cancall to mind through tbe awful earnestnesswith which he regards himself and his mission,...an earnestness not tempered by a sense ofbeauty or humanity; through the self-consciousyet uninspired rapture in which he is nevercaught even napping; through the undisguisedmelancholy attitude towards things which arebeautiful and beyond his power either to createor understand; through these infirmities hehas unwittingly done great harm to the quiteunprejudiced minds of the English Playgoers.Besides this Mr Archer has never, so far aswe know, written a play,... and if he has wehave heard very little about it. Mr Archer istherefore one of the last people to be of anyvital use in such a matter..^After a work is finished, and while the worldis criticising it, the professional critic has thesame liberty as the public to give his opinion,and he has the added advantage of being ableto express the opinion in public. But whenthe critic over-steps the limits of discretion,and, with a show of valour, prepares to tusslewith the Muse in private on behalf of sometrembling author who is waiting in the anti- chamber, this strikes us as really a little toomuch.Artists all the world over know quite wellthat when they wish for assistance there isonly one man to whom they can go, and thatis to the Artist. If a young painter does notknow what to do he goes to another painterwho is more talented, or he studies under amaster of painting: but he never goes to theprofessional critic. In this manner he followsthe custom of the carpenter, the smith, theweaver and other straightforward craftsmen.,and who is there to say he does wrong?Again, a nice book of poems we should havehad if young John Keats, whom most of thecritics would have liked to have 44 nipped inthe bud," had submitted his masterpiece tothe famous Mr Z., the writer in Blackwood'sEdinburgh Magazine &amp; of one of the most stu- pidly misleading criticisms which England has ever had to suffer for. One can say now of thisimpertinent person, this wretched crea- ture, this poltroon, this funny gentleman, thiswriter, in short, this critic, we can say of himthat his disgrace is today complete in theeyes of the entire world; that his lack ofintellect, his lack of critical ability, his conceit,is tremendously laid bare and the poetgloriously vindicated.And history preserves for us the names ofhundreds of artists who, permitted to go theirown way, developed by their own talent if atall they developed, and never through theassistance of either the public or the critic.To attack a great artist is, after all, verylittle, for, as Keats writes, '• Praise or blame" has but a momentary effect on the man" whose love of beauty in the abstract makes" him a severe critic on his own Works," andthat is ever the attitude of the great artisttowards his own works. No critic can be socritical as the artist, and outside criticismhas but this momentary effect on the greatartists. But criticism applied to beginners, tothose who are not great artists but who aretalented men, is, unless it be to praise, avile thing at best. Nevertheless, it exists. Weaccept it; it has grown into a convention.But that we should add to this vile thing amore vile one, that it should be proposedthat one who ladles out criticism after thework is done, should ladle it out in advancewhile the work is being conceived, surpassesall the horrors imaginable by a man ofimagination.There is something ghoul-like about such athing, there is something uncanny andcreepy about it; it suggests a new kind ofvampire. The horrible stories of vampires whosucked the blood from men are not so horribleas the idea of a vampire that should preyupon something which is half-born. It wouldbe criminal to the last degree for a man ina position such as Mr Archer proposes forhimself, to nip any play in the bud, to nipany single play which any young author mayhave written because he, Mr Archer, thinksit is hopeless. What Mr Archer thinkshe is at perfect liberty to think, but he shouldnot be permitted to be in the position ofnipping anything in the bud. There is nothingwhich it is necessary to nip in the bud; thereis nothing which, by development, cannotadvance a stage further. &amp;If some monstrosity in nature is born it ispermitted to live on and it has been seenthat it in no way harms itself or others. Thesingle excuse which may be found for puttingan end to life is when the life in question ismiserable to itself on account of physical pain.Now, no work of art can do any harm toanyone, neither can it suffer personal pain.Therefore there is no reason for putting itout of existence.Those people who would tell us they are verygrateful to this proposal of Mr Archer's andwill avail themselves of it are the dunderheads, and do not count. Sir Hubert von Herkomer, as Professor ofPainting in the Royal Academy, has beensaying some very splendid things to the stu- dents. We should like to have heard the stu- dents cheer.He spoke against the dealer in pictures; hespoke of how the world had learnt to gamblein Old Masters. He mentioned how Millet'su Angelus ", which was originally sold for £.40was then resold for £. 72; then, at successivesales, for £. 480, £. 1520, £. 6400, £. 22,020,and finally for £. 32,000. Yet the artisticvalue of the picture had not altered. And tothis gambling he attributed the present un- happy condition of living artists.That Sir Hubert von Herkomer was thinkingof the younger school of artists there can beno doubt, and he deserves and will receivethe affectionate thanks of all these youngfellows: because what Sir Hubert said is notthe sort of thing a man of his position inLondon is generally heard saying, and itdenotes a particularly courageous and finenature.He then sfioke of wood 'engravers and theirart and regretted that the snap-shotter hadtaken the place of the illustrator of thejournals. He showed how the snap-shot ma- chine was a cheaper article to buy than theright hand of an artist and how this wassufficient reason for employing the snap shot- ter. He put the whole weight of his argumentagainst the value of the work of the snap- shotter: he pointed out that once perhaps ina thousand times a man or woman in theact of walking, shaking hands or tumblingoff a horse might turn out passably presen- table and interesting in a snap shot, but thatin the other nine hundred and ninety ninecases the snap shot was little short of a per- sonal libel against which there was no legalredress: To the assertion by the trade thatthe camera can make no mistakes he repliedthat the man who held the camera could andeven did make mistakes. He stated that thepublic were accepting an inferior articlewhen there was no real reason for their ac- cepting it.We do not see the value of Sir Hubert's lineof argument in this particular instance. Theartist cannot and will not feed the minds ofthe curious, and we cannot see why SirHubert should advocate such as a desirability.We wish that the courageous speaker hadpointed out that that it is mainly in Englandthat the snap shotter has taken such a fore- most position, and had put forth the modestplea that, although the snap shottershould reign, the wood engraver should bepermitted at any rate to live. The artist islittle concerned with the acknowledgementof his supremacy: but, like all other creatorson the round globe, he likes to receive all therights due to inferiority if the f privileges "due to the ** Superior " ones are to be witheldfrom him. We cannot think that the artistwould like to compete with the rapidityand cheapness of the process block maker: in fact, we are quite certain that the publicshould guard its artists against the likelihoodof such a competition. Haste is an enemy toArt, and therefore Art can have nothing todo with the Daily Newspaper.One of the things which artists have alwaystaught the world and which they are stillattempting to teach it, is to take time. Menwho can take time are important to theworld, and the civilisation built on the prin- ciples laid down by men who take time wouldbe the grandest civilisation which the mindcan conceive. The climax of Rush has beenreached and tomorrow will hold for us sucha civilisation. Time, and the idea of time,frightens everyone. America is peopled by menand women who dread the loss of a second.We think many men must have died therethrough chagrin on remembering the loss ofa year: and there is no doubt whatever thatmany beautiful women have grown swiftlyold because of this fear. jg?When speaking of a woman of fifty whoseexpression is as young as ever, people say,"time makes no impression on her": andthat is just it. She is not frightened of time:she know that she is as limitless as time andshe is therefore one of those beings whobelong to that civilisation which we expectwill be with us Tomorrow. The momentthat a million men and women will look upontime without fear, that moment shall we bein the ideal state. All men and women willlook beautiful and will act beautifully becausetime will be at their service. And this iswhat has always raised the artist above hisfellows, this sense that he is master of time. Tp he distinguished woman known to us asMiss Mary Anderson has been telling areporter in America that she considers thereis a gradual decline in all the arts. She saysthat the Hamlet of years ago, Booth's Hamletwas a far more brilliant thing than ForbesRobertson's Hamlet. In passing we may remark what a jar it is tohear people speak of these characters ofShakespeare's such as Macbeth, Othello andHamlet as " Irving's Macbeth" or " Bernhardt'sHamlet " or " Salvini's Othello. " It showsclearly how people have come to look uponan actor as a creator, whereas he can at bestbe only an interpreter until he ceases toperform plays created by Miss Anderson says, " We have lost the flareof our ideas in art; they burn more quietly,less brilliantly." She seems to want themto be more brilliant and less quiet, lesssteady. But that light is best which burnswith the fiercest brilliance and the mostconstant tranquillity.And when such a light appears people shadetheir eyes from it and retire far away beforethey dare look at it. Such a light cannot behailed instantly; it is akin to the face of Godwhich no man can look upon and live. Lettime elapse and distance separate it from the beholder, and 10, the telescopes are out at once.Still, for the sake of the developments ofart, European or National, it will be wellthat the beholders should exercise theirfaculties of observation and accustom theireyes to the higher rather than the lowerlights, so that they may not be heard laterlaughing at the sun. &amp; INCIDENTAL MUSIC. &amp;7t/|r George Alexander L. C. C. speakingthe annual conference of teachers inelementary and secondary schools at theHolborn Restaurant on January 7 th said that,important as music was, it was limited in itsscope. He then tried to explain what he meantbut the explanation does not seem to makehis cryptic statement any clearer.^He said that, when he contemplated theproduction of 44 Paolo and Francesca " heapproached his old friend Sir Arthur Sullivanand asked him to write the music. Sir Arthurreplied, 44 My dear Alexander, the theatre is44 not the place for music. When the curtain44 is up the music interrupts the actors, and44 when the curtain is down the music inter- -44 rupts the audience. " JS?Mr George Alexander being a man with asense of humour evidently wished to score apoint for music and musicians by relating thisgenial sarcasm uttered by Sir Arthur Sullivan.What exactly Mr George Alexander wasaiming at is not clear. Perhaps he wished toshow quite simply that soft music is a nuisancein the theatre, and quoted Sis Arthur Sullivanin support of his argument. As a matter offact musicians do not relish the idea of writingincidental music to punctuate the voices ofthe players, for the music is seldom properlyheard, is played pianissimo, is often cut here,there and everywhere, and the Muse of Musicis not pleased by this position of herThe late Sir Henry Irving, it is reported,spent vast sums of money on the purchaseof incidental music for the theatre, SirArthur Sullivan, Sir H. Mackenzie, EdwardGerman and Sir Villiars Stanford supplyinghim with the goods; but to write music whichshould accompany the voice of an Irving maybe some excuse for a bad practise, and everyrule has its exceptions. &amp; &amp;It is of course well known that incidentalmusic is comparatively unknown in the otherEuropean centres, such music being regardedas an entirely illegitimate means of heighteningthe significance of a drama. The audiences inthe continental cities would object to thisirritating tinkle because at best it can onlymake but a sentimental appeal, allied as itis to moments of dramatic sentiment. Theseaudiences are glad to avoid sentiment asmuch as possible so that they may get deeperunder the skin of the drama. In the EnglishTheatre false sentiment reigns supreme in amawkish kind of way, and it is only innovatorslike Mr Granville Barker who are bold enoughto release us from the tasteless tyranny ofsentiment gone to seed. &amp; VVfhat is the matter with Mr George BernardShaw? In an Interview, (January 25,Daily Telegraph) he flattered all the actorswhom he had previously abused like pick- pockets: he attacked critics for being cruelto actors, as though he had himself neverwritten the cruellest things about actors inthe Saturday Review, and he made all sortsof rash and incorrect statements which heused not to do in the time of Henry Irving.Reading the interview we came across apassage relating to Mr Gordon Craig in whichMr Shaw says that, as he could not annexMr Craig as actor he would annex him asscenic decorator, and would 44 borrow hiscurtains.But on making enquiries we ascertained thatno such curtains exist. This is Mr Craig's reply as given to ourrepresentative, 44 I know nothing about any44 curtains... and I possess none. I cannot guess44 what Mr Bernard Shaw can mean. Years ago44 when I was a boy, and Mr Shaw in his prime,441 made an experiment or two with some44 draped stuff instead of scenery, but that was44 because the theatre was not rich enough44 to run to wood and canvas. I was excused44 the offence I suppose on account of my44youth, but I gather that Mr Shaw is quite44 old enough to know better. &amp;44 I suppose it is this old threadbare curtain44 idea which Mr Shaw is alluding t0... and I44 hope for his own sake he will find it of a44 piece with his plays. If he is keen about it44 he is perfectly welcome to it. Why not ?...44 everyone may borrow ideas, but I feel that44 it's alway best to borrow the latest,... they44are so much more likely to be fresh. Still,44 for Shakespeare, those curtains are rather44nice: they will d 0... anything does for44 Hamlet &amp; Cymbelene. But when it comes to44 supplying scenery to the author of 44 Mrs44 Warren's Profession " and 44 Don Juan in44 Hell " something sterner, grander, is44necessary; something more like Trafalgar44 Square on a Sunday.... No ? " £? TO OUR READERS With this number The Mask completesits first year. &amp; &amp; &amp;It has overcome many difficulties.Seven Publishers refused to consider it.Most people said it could not live threemonths.It has lived twelve. &amp; &amp;It will continue to live as long as we wish.The Mask has many true friends. We thank them all from our heart... thegenerous Press of England not least ofthese, and we hope that in the comingyear we shall be able to do better. CARLO M. QIRARDANTIQUE FURNITUREAND FAITHFUL REPRODUCTIONSOF CLASSIC PIECES.VIA DELL A VIGNAFLORENCEITALY CANTAGALLIARTISTIC MAIOLICAARCHITECTURAL DECORATIONS,REPRODUCTIONS OF DELLA ROBBIA.PORTA ROMANAFLORENCEITALY HEAL &amp; SON'SOLD FASHIONED FABRICS FORCURTAINS &amp; LOOSE COVERS.ss&lt;c3%&lt;O,&lt;*,Chintzes, Printed Linens &amp; Printed Cottons. Write forillustrated Booklet " M " with photographs &amp; prices.Heal &amp; Son have special materials for Casement mCurtains. Booklet "K"with small patterns sent postfree.TOTTENHAM COURT ROAD LONDON rapTPmQ#5is^bisSSll&amp;65&amp;d556firiHh3ls»USE A*«CWA MJP®%iwFOUNTAINPENAND DISCARD ALL ANTIQUATED METHODS.Fountain pens are Necessities to modern men and women—Shorthand writers especially-who value their time and comfort and saving of expense. The Best Fountain Pen isa greater necessity than any second best.j&amp; THE "SWAN" FOUNTPEN is Best because it has the highest grade gold nib ever put in a fountain pen. It hasa sure feed—by feed we mean an ink conductor and air compensator. Ink is fed toboth sides of the nib, so that the light writer or the heavy hand has the right supplyof ink. Not these characteristics alone, but—" LE TOUT ENSEMBLE " makes the PERFECT PEN Sold by Stationers and Jewellers Eveiywhere. INSIST ON " SWAN " !MABIE, TODD &amp; CO.("SWAN" Fountpen Makers),79 &amp; 80, HIGH HOLBORN, LONDON, W. C.BRANCHES:93, Cheapside, E.C.; 95a, Regent Street, W.3, Exchange Street, Manchester.10, Rue Neuve, Brussels.Brentano's, 37, Ave. de 1' Opera, Paris.And at New York, Bale, Chicago and Sydney.PRICES: English:- io\6 - French Fes. 15.00 - Italian - Eire 15.00 upwards.Write foi Catalogue, post free. THE CHENIL GALLERY£&gt; EXHIBITIONS £&gt;OF THE WORKS OFAUGUSTUS JOHN,WILLIAM ORPEN, JAMESPRYDE, WILLIAMNICHOLSON &amp; OTHERS.iS3 KINGS RD. CHELSEA,&amp; LONDON Every reader of the English language will beinterested in a Magazine that is doing the work ofThe Book New Monthlyan illustrated magazine devoted to Literatures:Art, published in Philadelphia, Pa., U. S. A.,at 10 c. a copy, L. 1,00 a year.The purpose of THE BOOK NEWS MONTHLYis to Save Time, to Interest, Instruct, and Guidethe Goneral Reader. £? £?Specimen copy sent free to any part of the worldAgents for Subscriptions in England: &amp;&amp; The international News Company.Addresses:THE BOOK NEWS MONTHLY,Philadelphia, Pa., U. S. A. £* GERMANPRESS CLIPPINGBUR E A UWill supply you with all personalreferences and clippings on any subjectfrom all the papers and periodicalspublished in the German speakingcountries. &amp; &amp; &amp;Send for prospectus.&amp; ADOLF SCHUSTERMANNRu nge St rasse 2 5 BERLIN S. O ALICE KAUSERDramatic Agent&amp; PLAYS &amp;1402 BroadwayNew York THE WOOD ENGRAVERS of S. LEONARDOEX LIBRIS &amp; Are you a BOOK LOVER? If you are you will desire that which canadd to the beauty &amp; completeness of your Books, &amp; cannot do without a BOOK PLATE.In design your Book Plate must be grave yet charming, for its duty is to act as watchman atthe doors of all books, whether religious or profane. If you would possess such a Book Plate,simple, charming and distinguished, write to the Wood Engravers of San Leonardo, directingyour letter to them at the ARENA GOLDONI - VIA DEI SERRAGLI - FLORENCE - ITALY -and you will receive all the information you desire. jp &amp; &amp; &amp; JPPublishers marks, letter paper headings, theatre programmes and souvenirs; exhibition catalogues, designed andprinted by us. xp XP &amp; 4P &amp; &amp;We do not make any attempt to compete with the cheap, popular and hastily made designs which may be obtainedby the crowd: our designs are engraved by hand on picked box-wood, and printed on our hand-press on speciallyselected papers obtained from Holland and England. &amp; From the first design to the last print the work is executedand supervised by artists, and therefore art-lovers may be confident that, in sending their commissions to us, theyare ensuring a work which shall be as careful in its execution as beautiful aud distinguished in its design. 4P&amp; &amp; THE WOOD ENGRAVERS OF SAN LEONARDO. &amp; &amp;ARENA G O L D O N I , FLORENCE - ITALY. A PORTFOLIO OF ETCHINGS.By Gordon Craig with a preface. /~Jnly thirty portfolios will be issued, although ten or twenty additional copies ofsome of the plates will be printed according to the condition of the plate. Theplates will then be destroyed. Each portfolio will be numbered. Each set consists oftwelve designs loosely mounted on grey card and contained in a grey cloth boxportfolio with fastenings. Each plate is signed by the artist. Size of portfolio 48x30ctms. £&gt; Average size of plate. 14 a/3 x 15 a/3 cttns. The price for a portfolio will beL. 16. o. o, (400 Francs or 330 Marks). &amp; &amp;HPhese etchings were made by the artist in the Spring of 1907 at Florence, andrepresent his most serious work. Connected as they are with his dream of an IdealTheatre, they in no way have anything in common with the modern stage. &amp; &amp;** Movement ", writes Mr Craig, " was at the roots of the Ancient Theatre and will" ever remain the very Essence of the Art. &amp; &amp;" We must translate Movement through the medium of inanimate forms and thereby" produce once more an Impersonal Art which shall take its place by the side of" its two sister Arts, Music and Architecture ". &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;4 * «• w «ORDER FORMTo The Director,The Mask Press, Arena Goldoni, Florence. Italy. Please send me the Portfolio of Etchings by Edward Gordon Craig, in payment for which1 enclose the sum of L,. 16.0.0, (or 400 Francs or 330 Marks) &amp; &amp;Signed Address. ANTONIOFRILLIPURVEYOR TO 10IMPERIAL &amp; ROYALFAMILIES &amp;FLORENCEVia dei Fossi 4£&gt; (ESTABLISHED i860) J®AWARDED PRIZESAT 48 NATIONAL &amp;INTERNATIONALEXHIBITIONSThe largest Establishment of Sculpture inMBiiW., 8Marble Reproductions from the Antique&gt;&amp; Original Works. Portraits. Monuments,Mantels, Pedestals, &amp; Garden Seats, &amp;Vases Fountains Flower-stands, etc:ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATIONST LOUIS MO.GRAND PRIX1904 DINI &amp; CELLAIArtistic &amp; Decorative Terra Cotta ofSignaVia dei Foasi N. x - FLORENCE  of sealptavcs of Old modJWodeffn masters M Stmtaes M Basts *Vases N Baa-reliefs •* Fountains N Boot'sChimney-pieces - Bases ete. ete. Inevery style G. P . VIEUSSEUXFLORENCE VIA VECCHIETTI, 5Reading rooms, containing the bestEnglish newspapers and reviews. -Latest telegrams Open daily 8 a.m.to 10 p.m. Sundays 8 a.m. to 12 p. m.Subscription 35.00 a year. CiiculatingI/ibrary containing thousand volumesin English, French, Italian, German,some Spanish and Russian. Opendaily 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. except Sundays.Books sent to all parts of Italy andabroad. £/ NEW YORK DRAMATICMIRROR The oldest and most reliable Americantheatrical paper, published every weekat 121 West 42nd Street. New York, U.S.A.Sample copies on request free ofcharge. Foreign subscriptions 5.50 Dollarsone year; 1.70 Dollars three months.\ EDITION DE LUXESPECIAL NOTICE TO BOOK LOVERS15 copies of " The Mask " will beprinted Monthly upon a yellow hand-made deckleedged paper identical inappearance and texture with that madein the same district of Fabriano in theyear 1315. This edition will containEtchings and other prints signed bythe artist, which will not be includedin the popular edition. &amp; &amp;Yearly subscription: England, L. 3.5.0 Post Free„ ~ Germany, Marks 67.00 „ ~~ ~ America, Dollars 16.00 ~ ~„ „ Italy, Lire 82.00 ~ ~' „ „ Russia Roubles 30.00 ~ „