The mask 3 4 5 6 October 1910 naau_1910-10_01 The mask 3 4 5 6 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 Designed for Miss Ellen Terry by E. W. Godwin FSA. for " The Cup " by Lord Tennyson. Illustration 4 A NOTE ON THE WORK OF E. W. GODWIN, John Semar cre 5-8 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 8 Designed, for Miss Ellen Terry by E. W FSA. for " The Cup "by Lord Tennyson. Illustration 9 PROPOSALS OLD AND NEW. A Dialogue between a Theatrical Manager and an Artist of the Theatre FORE WORD Allen Carrie cre 11-14 Untitled Image Illustration 11 Untitled Image Illustration 14 THE QHOSTS IN THE TRAGEDIES OF SHAKESPEARE Gordon Craig cre 15-20 Untitled Image Illustration 15 A NATIONAL MEMORIAL THEATRE: THE BUILDING Louis Madrid cre 20-21 Untitled Image Illustration 20 Untitled Image Illustration 21 TUITION IN ART A NOTE TO THE YOUNGER GENERATION OF THEATRICAL STUDENTS. Felix Urban cre 22-24 THE PASSION PLAY AT OBE RAMMERQAU Adolf Furst cre 24-25 Untitled Image Illustration 24 Untitled Image Illustration 25 THE THEATRICAL John Balance cre 26 Untitled Image Illustration 26 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS KINO HENRY E. W. Godwin. P. R. S cre 27-30 Untitled Image Illustration 27 Untitled Image Illustration 30 BENKEI ON THE BRIDGE (Nò DANCE) The giant Benhei fighting Yosliitsune, the boy hero Illustration 31 SAMBASO DANCER Sambaso is the prelude to other plays in the KabuKi theatre Illustration 33 THE TRAGIC THEATRE W. B. Yeats cre 35-39 Untitled Image Illustration 35 WATTS: DELACROIX: BLAKE. 39 HALF THE TRUTH Watts cre 39 THE OTHER HALF TRUTH. Delacroix cre 39 THE TRUTH, THE WHOLE TRUTH, AND NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH. William Blake cre 39 UNCOMMERCIAL DRAMA. J. S cre 40 Untitled Image Illustration 40 A CHEAP THEATRE Franz Hoffer cre J. S cre 41 Untitled Image Illustration 41 MISS HORNIMAN AND HER REPERTORY THEATRE J. S cre 42 REALISM IN ART What is Art. Tolstoi cre 43 Untitled Image Illustration 43 HAMLET: A SUCCESS OR A FAILURE? A. F cre 43 Untitled Image Illustration 43 BOOK REVIEWS 44-49; 51-54 Untitled Image Illustration 44 ART AND PROGRESS, Monthly, 44 THE PLAYS OF AESCHYLUS, 44-45 MAURICE MAETERLINCK by 45 GUIDE TO THE LIBRARIES OF 45 THE STORY OF OPERA by Markham 45-46 AN APPROACH TO WALT WHITMAN by Carleton Noyes. Houghton, Mifflin Co, Cambridge. Mass, Dollars 1,25 net. WALT WHITMAN, the Man and the Poet by James Thomson. Bertram Dobell, London. //-. A. C cre 46 SIX MASTERS IN DISILLUSION by Algar Thorold. Constable 61- A. C cre 46 The "Six Masters" selected for criticism 46-47 GARIBALDI AND THE THOUSAND by 47 VENICE IN THE EIGHTEENTH 47-48 THE JAPANESE DANCE by Marcelle 48-49; 51 TSE-ONDO Geisha dance in the district of Tse, near the famous Shinto shrine Illustration 49 LEONARDO DA VINCI'S NOTE BOORS, 52 MAGAZIN 52-54 FOREIGN NOTES 55-57 Untitled Image Illustration 55 LONDON. J. B cre 55-56 PARIS. J. de S cre 56 JAPAN: TOKIO Tao cre 56-57 EDITORIAL NOTES 57-60 Untitled Image Illustration 57 of the things which surprised an 57 DICKENS COPYRIGHT FUND. 57-58 THE IRISH THEATRE. 58 SENS A TI ON A LIS M. 58-59 THE THEATRICAL YEAR. 59 THE DEAD AND THE LIVING. 59 A WORD ABOUT REFORM. 59-60 SYMBOLISM IN THE THEATRE. 60 THE COMMEDIA DELVARTE. 60 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 62 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 62 0 IF THE "MASK" IS FRACTIOUS. IT IS ALSO LOVE ABLE. &amp;"NEW AGE" AUGUST 25, 1910. , --Ti-nmr-iwrwmTnmimi iiiiiiiwiiinwnwfwm-iimimTriinri»T«p»nnniTirT i nun in niiiTiaiitMfflriiitwi»iiiMriHwniBiffnirrimnTOW«niMirni«Mimiwiro^Vol. 3 N."14-6 OCTOBER &amp; i 9 1 o| THE MASKA QUARTERLY JOURNAL OFTHE ART OF THE THEATRE ARENA GOLDONIFLORENCEITALY &amp; YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION 0 FIFTEEN SHILLINGS. POST FREE THE MAS K.October i 9 1 0. E. W. GODWIN. E. W. GODWIN. E. W. GODWIN. THE MASK.October i 9 l 0. PROPOSALS OLDAND NEW. PROPOSALS OLDAND NEW. PROPOSALS OLD AND NEW. &amp; THE GHOSTS INSHAKESPEARE. THE GHOSTS INSHAKESPEARE. THE GHOSTS IN SHAKESPEARE, THE GHOSTS INSHAKESPEARE. THE GHOSTS IN SHAKESPEARE. A NATIONALMEMORIALTHEATRE. TUITION IN ART. TUITION IN ART, &amp; THE PASSIONPLAY, HENRY VIII. HENRY VIII. HENRY VIII. THE MAS IS.October i 9 i 0. THE MA SK.October i91 0» &amp; THE TRAGICTHEATRE. &amp; THE TRAGICTHEATRE &amp; &amp; THE TRAGICTHEATRE. THE TRAGICTHEATRE. THE MA S KOctober i 9 i 0 &amp; &amp; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED .Gerente Responsabile, GIULIQ VANZI A QUARTERLY JOURNAL OF THEART OF THE THEATRE^"The Mask always inspires me,.... it creates a" vague vision of a new sort of joyous, overflowing"dramatic art. No sort of criticism is any use"to an artist but technical criticism... criticism"at once technical and philosophical, and that is" what The Mask gives one."W.Ii. Yeats. Irish National Theatre."It is good, in these days of imitation and unifor- "mity, to meet with a sincere and individual en- " thusiasm, and this is to be found within the pages"of The Mask. Never before has the theatre in this"country had so earnest anBlack &amp; White." The Mask" is the highest compliment paid to the"theatre in our generation."Clifford Greve, Formerly Editor of " Humanity "NO w 7*o ro tTTe "mask\ &amp;&amp; Write your name and address on a post card and send it to us today; and then todayor tomorrow or next week, or when we remind you, send the amount named belowaccording to the country in which you live. &amp;Cheques and postal orders should be made payable to the Proprietor of The Mask.&amp; In countries where paper money is in use this may be enclosed in a registered letter.YEARLY England, 15 Shillings America, 4 Dollars Russia, 8 Roubles POSTSUBSCRIPTION Germany, 15 Marks Italy, 15 Lire, France, 20 Francs. FREETHE MASK OFFICES, ARENA GOLDONI, FLORENCE. &amp; Printed for the Proprietor by Tipografia R. Lastrucci, Via dei Serragli, 104 Florence and published at The Office of " The Mask 11Arena Goldoni. LITERARY CONTENTS. A NOTE ON THE WORK OF E. W. GODWIN by JOHN SEMAR. PROPOSALS OLD ANDNEW by ALLEN CARRIC. THE GHOSTS IN THE TRAGEDIES OF SHAKESPEARE byGORDON CRAIG. 0 A NATIONAL MEMORIAL THEATRE: THE BUILDING by LOUIS MADRID.TUITION IN ART by FELIX URBAN, 0 THE PASSION PLAY AT OBERAMMERGAU byADOLF FURST. THE THEATRICAL by JOHN BALANCE. THE ARCHITECTURE ANDCOSTUME OF HENRY VIII by E. W. GODWIN: F. S. A. THE TRAGIC THEATRE byW. B. YEATS. &amp; WATTS: DELACROIX: BLAKE. -&lt;s&gt; UNCOMMERCIAL DRAMA by JOHNA CHEAP THEATRE by FRANZ MISS HORNIMAN AND HER REPERTORYTHEATRE by JOHN SEMAR 0 REALISM IN ART. TOLSTOI. HAMLET, A SUCCESS OR AFAILURE ? TWO LETTERS. £&gt; BOOK AND MAGAZINE REVIEWS. 0 FOREIGN NOTES.EDITORIAL NOTES. ILLUSTRATIONS. FRONTISPIECE. DESIGNS FOR MISS ELLEN TERRY by E. W. GODWiN, F. S. A. FOR" THE CUP "by LORD TENNYSON. JZ&gt; A FURTHER PAGE OF DESIGNS FOR " THE CUPMADE FOR MISS ELLEN TERRY by E. W. GODWIN. F. S. A. THREE FULL PAGE ILLU- STRATIONS OF JAPANESE DANCERS. £&gt; INITIAL LETTERS, HEAD AND TAIL PIECESby E. THESLEFF, CHARLES BORROW, GORDON CRAIG AND OTHERS. Designed for Miss Ellen Terry by E. W. Godwin FSA. for " The Cup " by Lord Tennyson. A NOTE ON THE WORK OF E. W. GODWIN, by John Semar. ery often in art, as in life itself, it happens that, while one sows anotherreaps, and that not only the reapers themselves, but those on-lookers whosee their well-stored barns, forget the man to whom they owe their harvest,whether of grain or gold. &amp; This is especially so In the theatre, which has as short a memory for those who have assisted It in the past as it has short sight for those who are best servingit in the present. It accepts and uses the gift.... and forgets the giver. &amp;&amp; Every effect, however, has its cause, every supply its source. The identity of each humanbeing is the outcome of the individual deeds as well as of the racial qualities of unnum- bered ancestors; the sum of present-day learning has been accumulated by the studies ofthousands of forgotten students and a long preparation of the learning, practise and envi- ronment of many half- or wholly- forgotten artists has preceded the appearance of each workof art. In fact the man who succeeds in the eyes of the world is often simply he who bestapplies the talents and learning of his predecessor whose name never came before the publicat all. It may be trite to repeat that 44 the world knows nothing of its greatest men " butIt is certainly true that the Theatre does not, probably because it has shaped and acceptedso false an ideal of what qualifies a man as "great". jg?&amp; It assumes Its greatest men to be the most popular actors, the most successful managers,the most expert financiers, the most brilliant playwrights ; whereas they are rather thosewho have rendered the most valuable services to the Art of the Theatre as a whole, notonly by the talents they have devoted to it, but by the love they have felt for it and theconsequent thoroughness with which they studied and performed every smallest detail oftheir work.&amp; One of the most remarkable among these 44 great men " of the modern theatre wasE. W. Godwin. He ft was who, in a sense not as yet fully realised, fathered the new move- ment in the European Theatre and founded that race of theatrical artists of whom theTheatre of the Future shall be born. &amp;/Thg services which he rendered by his earnestness, his thoroughness, by the talentswhich he brought to the assistance of the theatre and the learning which he devoted toits cause, were incalculable; yet how many workers on the stage today honour, or evenremember, his name ? how many of those who compare the noble Lyceum productions ofIrving's day with those of twenty years previously know to whom the new developmentwas due ? and how many of the managers who have profitted financially by the fine pro- ductions of which Godwin was the initiator have given a thought of gratitude or recognitionto the man to whom they owed their success ? &amp; &lt;£? •£?&amp; It is true that these things happen not only in the theatre. A William Blake has to waiteighty years for recognition ; a Henry Purcell has to wait longer. 44 Tis true tis pity butpity tis tis true" that in beautiful old Conservative England with its fine ideas of nobilityits steadfast belief in the Royalty of Kings, the King's Men,... that is to say, the Artists .. .(and there 4s no race on earth of more whole-hearted King's men than the artists), shouldbe neglected, forgotten, even allowed to be without the necessaries of life as so many havebeen while others are permitted to gather round the throne. Yet surely no one would rankthere more fitly than the artist, the champion of pomp and circumstance, who loves the splen- dour of processions, who loves romance and hates committees and refuses to work underlimited liability companies: who, like the old knights, is ever ready to break his lance forthe honour of Royalty and Beauty, and to die for the cause. Such a man was E. W. Godwin.The friend of Whistler, of Burgess the architect, of William Morris and Burne-Jones;the designer of many beautiful buildings, including the Town Hal! at Northampton and theWhite House at Chelsea which he built for Whistler, he was a distinguished architect,deeply cultured, a reader of Shakespearean verse who understood in an exceptional degreethe value of that verse, a Fellow of the Royal Society, a man possessed of wide learningand a keen love of the theatre and its art.The whole story of his life, of his many and varied activities, of the brilliant group ofwhich he formed a member, is an interesting one, and some day to be written of fully;but the present note can only briefly outline his work for the theatre, the talents which hedevoted to it and the great services which he rendered gratuitously to the stage.The question may, of course, be put, Why should an architect, a man who, one thinks,could know nothing of the theatre, concern himself with an art other than his own ? Itwould seem at first sight something of an intrusion ... one of those intrusions the repulsionof which The Mask has always advocated: it would seem rather hasty... as hasty as theact of the modern designers who, without any knowledge of the theatre except that whichthey have borrowed, (as who should say 44 Lend me half-a-crown "), press forward to thedangerous and delightful work.&amp; But with E. W. Godwin there was neither haste nor presumption; with him the theatrewas the study of a lifetime. Loving it sincerely, he elected, after very many years, to comeforward and offer it some assistance: the theatre accepted the assistance, and, as I havealready said, forgot the giver.Oliver Wendal Holmes once wrote 44 A man's learning dies with him ; even his virtues44 fade out of remembrance; but the dividends on the stocks he bequeathes to his children44 keep his memory green"; but even this was not so in Godwin's case. His theatrical suc- cessors have enjoyed the dividends ... and forgotten to whom they were indebted for thestocks. In fact Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree has been, in the long space of time since Godwin'sdeath, one of the only persons connected with the theatre to pay homage to his memory,and he, in a speech in 1900 before the Oxford Debating Society, bore witness how wellGodwin's methods paid commercially; for, though in his defence of that method he veryproperly added that he did not set up commercial success as a standard by which artisticsuccess may be guaged, he stated as an interesting fact that 242,000 people witnessed hisown production of 44 Julius Caesar ", 170,000 witnessed 44 King John " and nearly 220,00044 A Midsummer Night's Dream", and these people were undoubtedly attracted to the theatreby Sir Herbert's method of staging Shakespeare in the manner inaugurated by Godwin.As to that method itself, I can here say only a few words.Having in his qualifications to help the theatre something in common with those otherdistinguished architects, Serlio, Palladio and Inigo Jones, who lent their talents to itsservice, E. W. Godwin added a wide learning and a keen perception of beauty which arousedhim to a wise discontent with the existing conditions of the stage in his day and enlistedall his energies for their betterment. &amp; &amp; &amp;As to the theory upon which his practise was based, it seems to be summed up in asentence written by him regarding the pictures of the Royal Academy in 1865 where hesays, 44 The accessories in pictures, whether on canvas or on the stage, should be altogetherwrong or wholly right". &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;This suggestion that they may be altogether 44 wrong", that is to say, incorrect, is veryilluminating for it shows that he realised that in the art of the theatre accuracy of detailis of no importance whatever provided it be entirely inaccurate. But one or the other,wholly right or altogether wrong.... he claimed that these accessories should be. Eitherthe producer was to represent that purely imaginative realm of the poetic drama removed from all realities, furnished and peopled with purely imaginative forms, or to give a1 ofiection of reality as clear as the reflection of Narcissus in the pool: and, whichevermethod was adopted. It was to be beautiful.But, although he admitted the two alternatives, Godwin seems to have felt that it wasa safer thing to begin the reform by securing decorative accuracy than by seeking forimaginative expression ; and so he concentrated his talents on improving the productionsof that day and on cultivating the taste of the actors by surrounding them with beautifulobjects which had existedgin the past but of which they were evidently in entire ignorance.He doubtless hoped that by placing the actors in a room which should to a great extentresemble a beautiful room of the 16th century with all its glamour and romance and en- chantment he would attune their ears and open their eyes to some of the Inner beautieswhich rested in the mind of Shakespeare, would quicken In them that peculiar temperwhich should enable them to apprehend by intuition, to not learn, the beauties of the play.0 And he succeeded.&lt;0* He succeeded in visualising something of the atmosphere of the play by the beautiful out- ward form which he gave to the poet's dream, and in transmitting that impression to thespectator; he succeeded in training the actors to have more feeling for these beautiful oldthings; and he succeeded... a vicarious achievement... in filling the pockets of all the thea- trical managers of the last thirty years. &amp; &amp; JS,&amp; This success was due not only to his superior talents but to the greater thoroughnesswhich he devoted to his work. In Godwin we have a man who studied the theatre as didno other of his day. He was an idealist who, whatever his dreams for the future, beganby laying his foundations very sure upon the firm ground of a beautiful scenic accuracy.To this end he searched the museums and libraries, he studied with a loving patiencethe smallest details not only of the history of the period but of its most minute accessories.Thoroughness characterised all his work, whether it were the reproduction of the archi- tecture of a palace, of the folds of a drapery, the madrigals of Marenzio or the arrange- ment of a woman's hair. No detail seems to have escaped him and these studies he per- petuated In drawings and writings as well as adopting them In his actual productions onthe stage. as- Some of his writings are already known to readers of The Mask, his valuable series ofarticles upon the '«Architecture and Costume of Shakespeare's Plays» which originallyappeared In the Architect in ,87s having, after lying forgotten in those dusty thirty-fivej ear-old pages, been brought within easy reach of the workers In the modern theatre byrepublication in this journal; and for the young stage manager, wishing to produce anyot these plays, there could be no better guide. The reprint of this series has, indeed, been one of the special features of The Masksince its commencement, and few parts of our work have given us greater satisfactionthan this privilege of reminding the English theatre, by means of these articles, of Godwin'sservices on its behalf. It Is with additional pleasure therefore that we now find ourselvesable to reproduce also a series of Godwin's designs for stage costumes and properties, therst three of which appear in the present number of The Mask. The originals are fromMiss Ellen Terry's collection of theatrical treasures and we publish them with he* kindpermission. &amp; &amp;~ Such drawings, illustrative of details such as the tying of a sTndal, tTe fornTof a faT&lt;e s ape of a sceptre, are, of course, no rarity among the stage managers, scene painters'and costumiers of today, although the modern men can boast no such sense of refinementor learning. Considered as the work of forty years ago, viewed in reference to the ignorantmethods of that theatrical period, they are quite remarkable, and date the beginning of auew era in the stage producer's work. &amp; &amp;In considering Godwin's writings and drawings it must be remembered, however, tlZ.ese were not with him ends in themselves but only preparatory to his actual work upon16 Stage* !n them he co,,ected&gt; the storehouse of his own learning and from thetreasures lying in the museums.... at the disposal of every producer but unheeded bythem... what seemed to him of value to the Art he loved. &amp; *7 &amp; &amp;Of his actual stage work I can here speak but briefly. He produced « The Merchant of Venice" at the Prince of Wales's Theatre with Sir Squire Bancroft; 44 Glaudian " at thePrincess's Theatre, with Mr Wilson Barrett, and also prepared the famous productionat Hengler's Circus when a Greek play was given. ■£?&amp; For this latter performance Godwin, following in the steps of the greatarchitects of the past, designed and built a theatre inside a theatre,... a Greek theatrewith its circular orchestra and its raised platform,. .. upon which Sir Herbert Tree, thencomparatively unknown, figured as Paris. A picture, painted by Mr H. M. Paget in 1886,shows how this theatre with its chorus of Greek women and its principal characters, scene,light and properties, looked; and, for all its accuracy, the primary impression created is notso much of something correct as of something beautiful. The scene and the figures havebeautiful proportions and the whole makes a simple appeal. It seems to have unity, ... anatural result of being the work of one artist instead of the joint production of a numberof incompetent tradesmen.Another production was Mr Wilson Barrett's 44 Hamletand yet another the charmingopen air performance of 44 As You Like It" at Coo mbe Wood.Now if Godwin had received the support which was delayed until it was too late to beof use to him,.... that is to say, if during his lifetime the Theatre had done himthe full justice which his work deserved he would have lived to enrich thestage with many more such productions, and the stage, in its turn, would have enrichedhim. He would then have become famous in his own day and it would not be unknown tonearly everyone who reads this that he, and no other, was the initiator (1) of that suc»cessful movement in the theatre which proved its worth artistically and commercially bothin the Lyceum productions and In those which have followed them; the inaugurator of amethod which, although it has since in England degenerated into too florid a style, hasfound its logical sequence in the new movement in the European theatre of today.Nowadays we are all familiar with those historical productions which are correct andcharming in their presentation, and may now expect to pass forward to the next step. Suchproductions served as the natural link to connect the theatre of forty years ago with itsplush curtains and its early Victorian costumes, its ugliness as well as its incorrectness,with the theatre of the immediate tomorrow, which is bound to be that theatre in which,as Godwin says, 44 the accessories and costumes shall be altogether wrong",.... that isideal creations, fair with that beauty of the 44 Poet's Dream" which 44 never was on landor sea&amp; &amp;His work was the natural realistic link between the unimaginative and the imaginative.In the immediate tomorrow comes the next link in which the accessories shall be notcorrect in date but correct in spirit; when we shall not realise but suggest. The day afterthat we shall move still further forward, from suggestion to symbolism, until in time, bytaking step after step, we restore to the Art of the Theatre its liberty and its royalty.On that day there is no doubt we shall remember the debt we owe to E. W. Godwin. &amp; The ingratitudeof the Theatre. Its Great Men• U. W. Godwin. jSf His services. Who and whathe was. &amp; His qnalifi=cation for thework. &lt;£? theory His method ofreform. &amp; &amp; His success. &amp; His method. &amp; His writings. His designs. &amp; 4? The initiatorof a new move- ment. &amp; His work linkedPast &amp; Future. (1) We hope we are doing Sir Squire Bancroft, the late Mr Wilson Barrett and others no wrong in assuming that, though they were instru- mental in forwarding the movement inaugurated by E. W. Godwin, they were not the source from which the whole movement sprang. Theproductions by these gentlemen were often admirable but never achieved the higher level of artistic excellence except when E. W. Godwinlent his aid. Designed, for Miss Ellen Terry by E. W FSA. for " The Cup "by Lord Tennyson. PROPOSALS OLD AND NEW.A Dialogue between a Theatrical Managerand an Artist of the Theatre FORE WORD by Allen Carrie. n this Dialogue, although the Manager says but little, he condescends tosay more than most managers. He echoes those two celebrated if slightlyworn phrases that " Art does not pay " and that 44 We give the Publicwhat it demands ". He does this more from habit than from belief in theirworth. JE? &amp; jg? jgp jgp j-p&amp; I have purposely kept the Manager from attempting to prove thatwhat he offers the Public is either original or beautiful, for 1 felt thatmy readers were tired of hearing the old lie over again. So I have donemy best to keep him as quiet as possible for 1 was unwilling that heshould destroy any remaining chance of retaining esteem for his methods or sympathy for his appalling cause. I hope in this way not to have done him anyinjustice. jyjanager. &amp; That Is the finest scene I ever saw. But you can't realise it upon'the stage.&amp; Artist. &amp; You are right: I cannot.&amp; Manager. &amp; Then why if you cannot reproduce it do you show it to me?Artist. &amp; To make an impression on you. Why ask me absurd questions? &amp;&amp; Manager. J? Because I wish to be practical ; 1 wish to protect my interests.&amp; Artist. &amp; But you are not protecting them ; you are utterly at my mercy and seemto be trying to ruin them. &amp;&amp; Manag er. &amp; Really you look at things in a strange way. Now come down to earthand tell me how we can realise that design upon the stage. &amp;&amp; Artist. &amp; We cannot; we cannot. I have told you so repeatedly but you were so quickwith your questions you would not let me tell you something which saves the situation.That design, as I have just said, is made to give you a certain impression. When I make thesame scene on the stage it is sure to be quite different in form and colour but it will createthe same impression on you as this design in front of you now.Manager. Two things quite different will create the same impression? Are you joking ?rtist. No, 1 am not joking, but I will do so if you Insist upon it.&amp; Manager. &amp; No, no, proceed! tell me more ; explain what you mean. &amp; &amp;&amp; Artist. &amp; Well, a design for a scene on paper is one work of art, a scene on the stageis another. The two have no connection with each other. Each depends on a hundred dif- ferent ways and means of creating the same impression. Try to adapt the one to the otherand you get at best only a good translation. You do not understand? I know it; but whatwould you have? You ought to be content not to understand... never to understand; ifyou could comprehend you would have no need to consult me. &amp; &amp;Manager. Well, it all sounds very risky. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Artist. &amp; It is; terribly risky ...for you. That is my point; that is the artist's ever- lasting point. He thinks; you risk. If you begin thinking everything is lost. Leave that toyour stage manager,... to me. You shall have no other risk but me. Risk me and you standthe chance of gaining all. Avoid that risk, and you run no chance of winning anything.&amp; Manager. You terrify me. I think you must be mad. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Artist, (continuing) And you have only one thing to be careful about; you musttake care to study the difference between the different types of men whom the world calls44 artists ". Sort them out, avoid the commercial fellows and search for the 44 mad " artist.If you can find one I promise you you've found a fortune. Then risk him, play him first onthe Red and then on the Black; throw him where you will he's sure to bring you luck. But,my dear Sir, whatever you do pray gamble like a gentlemen; risk enormously, hazard allon this surety; risk with decency; do not incessantly alter your mind9... and for heaven's sake don't apologise for your method of play. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; j&amp; &amp;Ma nag e r. &lt;/&amp; Upon my word, you are an original being!&amp; Artist &amp; I am. 1 thought that was why ycu came to me. All artists are "original"to business men and all business men are " original " to artists; both can truthfully becalled eccentrics. This is as it should be. The mistake is for either of them to try and un«derstand how the other works. Each should remain Ignorant of the other's methods andshould unite to a common madness called the 44 concentric ". This would be very productive.Sometimes we get a man who Is both artist and business man: Cecil Rhodes was such aman. He used the soil of a Continent as a sculptor uses a handful of clay and from it hefashioned United South Africa, and we shall probably learn in time that he made somethingeven vaster than that. Learn to risk, my friend ; and learn also that Ideas are rare things,and are seldom known to fail and that most artists are packed full of ideas. Therefore theartist Is the finest of all mines for the business man to work.&amp; Manager &lt;£? But what if an idea doesn't pay?Artist &amp; An idea which doesn't pay has never yet been discovered. If you don't knowhow to make it pay that is not a matter I can interfere in for that but reveals your igno=ranee of how to handle it. In that case you fail at your own game,... but the idea has notfailed. It waits for some one better fitted to develop it.Manager SO you put the whole blame of failure on the manager or business man,not on the artist?Artist Yes, on the handling, especially in the case of a very original idea. Withordinary ideas it is somewhat different. Ordinary ideas are generally rather weak and thenthe only blame which can be attached to the business man is that he wasted too much time andmoney on working a poor field. The rare fields are the valuable ones, and in the realms ofart the rarest field is that where the most original idea is buried. Let a shrewd businessman stake all he has on that field ... with patience arid determination it will yield him allhe desires.^&amp; Manager Yes,...... but to return to practical matters.Artist I had never departed from them. &lt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;Manager I am speaking of this design for a scene which strikes me as quitewonderful. How are we to realise that on the stage ? &amp;Artist. To answer your question 1 must first ask you another. If we were standingon the edge of a rich gold field and long veins of pure gold were proved to be lying buriedunder your very nose, and 1 were to ask you how to 44 realise " that gold, would you notanswer me that the ore was not of practical commercial value until extracted, washed,removed to the mint and coined ?... in fact changed entirely from its present entrancingcondition and transformed into another, yet equally valuable, condition and form ? Well, 1answer you in the same way about this scene. And what is more, I advise you to work the minefrom which that design came and it will yield you all that you desire. But don't attemptthe task with one pick and a shovel. Put money into it,.... all your money.... don't befrightened. 1 happen to be a man with imagination and in art that is the equivalent of agold mine; it only needs to be properly worked. JZ? &amp;&amp; You will say I have no false modesty about myself. Certainly not, Sir; the best artistssince time Immemorial have always known how to value their powers. Fools call it conceitbut wise men know differently.Manager. Why have not business men done as you suggest before now?&amp; Artist. They have. They did so in the fifteenth century; the Renaissance could nothave happened without them. They did so in Athens; they did so in Egypt; they will do soin America. In fact they have always done so except when a wave of timidity has sweptover the earth and created a panic. We are just emerging from such a wave.Manager. And now you expect to see everyone spending money upon works of art ?Artist. &amp; Certainly 1 expect to see shrewd business men investing their money inideas; and as ideas are the property of men of imagination I expect to see these two typesof men, artist and business man, combine and place good things before the public insteadof worthless things. In many instances good things are already before the public; but in thebranch of public service in which we are engaged you must agree with me, (knowing what you know), that the public is cheated. &amp;&amp; Manager. &amp; But art doesn't pay in this branch of the service.&amp; Artist. &amp; Again you make the ancient excuse. Art pays no worse, no better thananything else if you know how to make it pay; and 1 have just told you how to makeit pay so I fail to see what other excuse you can make for not serving the public honestly.Manager Do you insinuate that 1 cheat the public?&amp; Artist No,... I say It openly. Manager But I give thern what they demand. 'J&amp; &amp;&amp; Artist. Another excuse... the same one that I've heard for years. Why can't youinvent some more reliable answers than "It does't pay " and " "I give the public what itdemands " ? You probably think that what you are saying is true, but still that does notalter the fact that you are saying what is false. &amp; JS&gt; &amp;&amp; It is false in many ways. You should know quite well that the Public is so vast, iscomposed of so many different classes and types, its tastes varying with each type, that itis sheer lunacy to assert that there is no public for works of art. It is as much as to say that the public is incapable of appreciation. If this were so howwould you explain how it is that the public knows the difference between a good loaf ofbread and a bad one ? or explain how it is that the public can discern a good day from arainy day,. .. how it knows a good song and a good horse from a bad song and horse? Andremember that the public knows everything which is good from everything which is bad ;in fact the public is as right as rain ; let us hear no more criticisms of it. If you choose tocriticise a small section of the public that is another matter, especially if you choose thatsmall section which grumbles at the nation's best soldiers, sailors, statesmen, judges, doctors,priests and artists. Yet, far from criticising this section it is the very section you de- liberately cater for in the theatre for those who form it are always tired after theirday's grumbling and need amusement of the dullest kind. And you call that handful of thenation "the Public".Manager &amp; You do not convince me. I am certain that if the Public wanted works ofart it would create a demand for them. &amp;Artist My dear Sir, you encourage me. You say the very thing I wanted you to say."To create a demand ". You realise that a public demand is created and does not createitself. You realise that the Nation entrusts certain of its officers with the different tasksof creating this, that and the other, and amongst these other things is the " creating ademand". The Public cannot speak for itself; if the whole lot speak at once no one isheard ; if one man speaks he is not listened to unless he is elected as spokesman by thewhole nation. Now who has the nation elected to speak for it about this matter ofart? No one. Therefore until it does elect some representative how shall we know itswishes ? jg? Manager But two hundred thousand men and women visited His Majesty's Theatreto see "Julius Caesar" and thereby acclaim Sir Herbert Tree as their spokesman. j&amp;&amp; Artist &amp; Two hundred thousand people are not the Public, and the directors of thepublic taste in theatrical matters are self=elected. A fine state of affairs indeed. jg?&amp; Manager. What would you propose doing to discern the tastes of the Nation ?ug? Artist. &amp; I should propose that you should try to go to the people. Send companiesround England for the direct purpose of collecting votes for and against certain types ofplays and certain ways of producing plays. Let these companies play three plays byShakespeare, "Hamlet," the "Merchant of Venice" and "Henry V" ; three plays by Shaw,"Widower's Houses", "Captain Brassbound" and "Arms and the Man;" a play by Sheriden andone by Ibsen; a play by Goldsmith and one by Galsworthy, a play by Moli&amp;re and a modernFrench problem play; a play by Pinero, one by Strindberg, one by Hauptmann and one by Yeats.Let these plays be produced very carefully by the different stage managers keen for thecompetition. For my part I would sooner stand to win or lose by producing a Shakespeareplay with even a scratch company than any on the list. &amp; &amp;Let this company call at every city in England, and afterwards at every one of thesmaller towns, and let the people record their votes for and against the different pieces.Of course the question at issue will have to be laid clearly before them and their serious consideration of the pieces requested. &amp;&amp; The journals all over England would take the matter up and would help to make thisquestion clear. The best journals would point out to their readers that the question was aserious one affecting the national welfare, and a difficult one to answer, and would helpthe people to see the difference between a healthy and an unhealthy drama; between aromantic or poetic treatment and a drab and realistic treatment. The excitement createdby this tour of Great Britain would in all probability create a new and serious interestin the theatre and the whole country would at last be glad to take up the matter of Mu- nicipal Theatres.Such a plan as S have sketched out roughly for you is capable of development and Isjust the kind of thing that would encourage the theatre.&lt;£? &amp;&gt;&lt;&amp;■ It would cost money, but the direct advantages to be derived from such a move areenormous.&lt;£? Here then is an opportunity for a business man of ability to make his mark. After thistest you will probably be surprised to find that the Public has all along been opposed to therubbish which It is forced to accept at the theatre in place of good stuff&lt;£? Manager &amp; And what do you think the Public wishes for ?J0&gt; Artist &lt;£? All that is good. It wants a good time, good food, good clothes, and it getsthem. It wants good statemen and good fighters for an emergency, and it gets them. Itwants good amusements and good art. The first it gets; the second is witheld from it.The Music Halls and the Circuses provide admirable amusement. The Theatre should provideits art. Popular art? Certainly popular art. When certain sections of the Public wish forrelaxation they find it in the Music Hall. Excellent! But when another section of the Publicwants bracing and goes to the more serious place to get it it is disappointed. Think howbracing Shakespeare could be to that enormous section of the public who work with theirbrains all day. Think of the doctors, priests, writers, painters, musicians, architects, city- men, engineers, army and navy men, politicians, secretaries, editors, journalists and othersocial men and women to whom a vigorous living theatre might prove refreshing and whoare today obliged to avoid the place because of Its pretentiousness. jg? jz?It Is utterly impossible to believe that the failure of the theatre today is due toa low standard of public taste. Public taste was never better than it Is today. Test thestatement by the method I have suggested and you will be doing a great thing for theNation. The differencebetween a design&amp; a stage scene. Find the "mad"aitist. &amp; &amp; The value ofIdeas. &amp; &amp; The practicalvalue of Imagi- nation. Invest mone yin Ideas. &amp; &amp; The "cieation ofa demand." A ptoposal. jgr Votes to berecorded. &amp; What the Publicwishes for, &amp; THE QHOSTS IN THE TRAGEDIESOF SHAKESPEARE by Gordon Craig. very curious indication as to the way in which the producershould treat the Shakespearean tragedies on the stage lies inthe appearance in those tragedies of the ghosts or spirits. &amp;&amp; The fact of their presence precludes a realistic treatmentof the tragedies in which they appear. Shakespeare has mad©them the centre of his vast dreams, and the central point ofa dream,as of a circular geometrical figure, controls andconditions every hair's breadth of the circumference. &amp;&amp; These spirits set the key to which, as in music, everynote of the composition must be harmonised; they are integral,not extraneous parts of the drama; they are the visualisedsymbols of the supernatural world which enfolds the natural, exerting in the action something of that influence which in "the science of sound" is exertedby those " partial tones, which are unheard, but which blend with the tones which are" heard and make all the difference between the poorest instrument and the supreme note" of a violin : " for, as with these, " so in the science of life, in the crowded street or market" place or theatre, or wherever life is, there are partial tones, there are unseen presences." Side by side with the human crowd is a crowd of unseen forms ... Principalities and Powers"and Possibilities... These are unseen but not unfelt. They enter into the houses of the" human beings that are seen, and for their coming some of them are swept and garnished" and they abide there and the last state of these human beings is radiant with a divine" light and resonant with an added love; or, on the contrary, it may be that, haunted by"spirits more wicked than themselves, the last state of such beings is worse than before.*" subject to a violence and tyranny abhorrent even to themselves ; impalpable and inevitable"as it would seem, even to the confines of despair." (i) .£? &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp;&gt; it is by the necromancy of these " partial tones", by the introduction of influences felteven when unseen, at times impalpable as the " shadow of a shadow " yet realised eventhen as dominant forces, sometimes malefic, sometimes beneficent, that Shakespeare achievesresults which surpass those of his contemporaries even when, like Middleton in his "Witch "they treat of similar themes.For when Shakespeare wrote, " enter the ghost of Banquo " he did not have in his mindmerely a player clothed in a piece of gauze. Nor had he done so, had he been preoccupiedwith gauze and limelight, would he ever have created the ghost in Hamlet; for that ghostof Hamlet's father, who moves aside the veils at the beginning of the great play, is not ajoke; he is not a theatrical gentleman in armour, is not a farce of a figure. He is a mo- mentary visualisation of the unseen forces which dominate the action and is a clear commandfrom Shakespeare that the men of the theatre shall rouse their imagination and let theirreasonable logic slumber. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; &amp;jg? For the appearances of all these spirits in the plays are not the inventions of a pan- tomime manager; they are the loftiest achievements of a lofty poet, and carry to us theclearest statements we can ever receive as to Shakespeare's thoughts about the stage.&amp; " The suggestive shall predominate, for all pictures on the stage pretending to illusio- " nise reality must necessarily fail in their effect or cause a disillusionment. Shakespeare's" dramas are poetic creations and must be presented and treated as such"; (2) advice which" should be especially borne in mind by all who set themselves to interpret those of theplays in which the supernatural element is introduced. &amp; &amp;&amp; Thus if a man of the theatre shall produce "Macbeth", "Hamlet", "Richard III","Julius Caesar," "Antony and Cleopatra," "The Tempest" or "A Midsummer Night'sDream " as they should be produced, he must first of all woo the spirits in those plays: for unless he understand them with his whole being he shall but produce a thing of ragsand tatters. The moment, however, that he is at one with these spirits, the moment hehas seen their proportion and moved to their rhythm, in that moment is he a master ofthe art of producing a play by Shakespeare. But this the stage manager never seems torealise, for did he do so he would adopt a very different method for the interpretationof those scenes in which the ghosts appear. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; j£r &amp;For what is it makes the ghosts of Shakespeare, which are so significant and impressivewhen we read the plays, appear so weak and unconvincing on the stage ? It is becausein the latter case the tap is turned on suddenly, the right atmosphere has not beenprepared.Enter a ghost... Sudden panic of all the actors, of all the lime lights, of all the musicand of the entire audience. Exit the ghost intense relief of the whole theatre. Infact with the exit of the ghost on the stage the audience may be said to feel that some=thing best not spoken about has been passed over. And so the mighty question, which isat the roots of the whole world, of life and death, that fine theme ever productive of somuch beauty and "from which Shakespeare weaves his veils, is slurred over... avoided aswith an apologetic cough. &amp;We are children In such matters. We think a bogie will do. We giggle when we areasked to present the idea of something spiritual for we know nothing of spirits, disbelievingin them. We giggle like children and wrap ourselves in a table cloth and say 'wow, wow,wow'. Yet consider such plays as "Hamlet, "Macbeth," "Richard III." What is it givesthem their supreme mystery and terror, which raises them above mere tragedies of am=bition, murder, madness and defeat ? Is it not just that supernatural element which domi- nates the action from first to last; that blending of the material and the mystical, thatsense of waiting figures intangible as death; of mysterious featureless faces of which, sideways,we seem to catch a glimpse although, on turning fully round, we find nothing there? In" Macbeth " the air is thick with mystery, the whole action ruled by an invisible power,and it is just those words which are never heard, just those figures which seldom shapethemselves more definitely than a cloud's shadow that give the play its mysterious beauty, itssplendour, its depth and immensity, and in which lies its primary tragic element.Let the stage manager concentrate his attention and that of his audience on the seenthings which are temporal and such a play is robbed of half its majesty and all its signifi- cance. But let him introduce, without travesty, the supernatural element; raise the actionfrom the merely material to the psychological, and render audible to the ears of the soulif not of the body " the solemn uninterrupted whisperings of man and his destiny ", pointout " the uncertain dolorous footsteps of the being, as he approaches, or wanders from,his truth, his beauty or his God ", and show how, underlying " King Lear," "Macbeth" and"Hamlet" is, "the murmur of Eternity on the horizon," (i) and he will be fulfilling thepoet's intention instead of turning his majestic spirits into sepulchral-voiced gentlemenwith whitened faces and robes of gauze. &amp;&amp; Consider, for instance, more in detail, the play of "Macbeth," in which "the overwhelmingpressure of preternatural agency urges on the tide of human passion with redoubled force." (a)The whole success of its representation depends upon the power of the stage manager tosuggest this preternatural agency and on the capacity of the actor to submit to the tideof the play, to that mysterious mesmerism which masters Macbeth and his "troop of friends".d? 1 seem to see him in the first four Acts of the play as a man who is hypnotised, seldommoving, but, when he does so, moving as a sleep walker. Later on in the play the placesare changed and Lady Macbeth's sleep-walking is like the grim ironical echo of Macbeth'swhole life, a sharp shrill echo quickly growing fainter ... fainter ... and gone. &amp; jg?jg? In the last act Macbeth awakes. It almost seems to be a new role. Instead of a sleep walkerdragging his feet heavily he becomes an ordinary man startled from a dream to find thedream true. He is not the man some actors show him to be, the trapped cowardly villain;nor yet is he to my mind the bold courageous villain as other actors play him. He is as adoomed man who has been suddenly awakened on the morning of his execution and, in the sharpness and abruptness of that awakening, understands nothing but the facts beforehim, and even of these understands the external meaning only. He sees the army in frontof him; he will fight, and he prepares to do so, puzzling all the time about the meaningof his dream. Occasionally he relapses into his state of somnambulism. While his wife livedhe was not conscious of his state, he acted the part of her medium perfectly and she in herturn acted as medium to the spirits whose duty it ever is to test the strength of men byplaying with their force upon the weakness of women.Nietzsche, writing of Macbeth, sees only the mad ambition of the man,... this humanpassion of ambition ; and he tells us that this sight, instead of irresistibly detracting fromthe evil ambition in us, rather augments it. Perhaps this is so; but it seems to me thatbehind all this there is much more than evil ambition and the Idea of the hero and thevillain. j0 jzr ' jE/£} Behind it all 1 seem to perceive the unseen forces already spoken of;... those spirits thatShakespeare was always so fond of hinting stood behind all things of this earth, movedthem, and moved them apparently to these great deeds for good or &amp;&amp; In " Macbeth " they are called by the old grandmother's title of the Three Witches,..that elastic name which the public in the theatre may either laugh at or be serious aboutas it wishes.0 Now when 1 speak of this hypnotic influence of these spirits as though I were mention- ing something quite new I am speaking entirely in relation to the interpretation ofShakespeare on the stage and not merely as his student. I know that the students havewritten about these spirits comparing them to certain figures in the Greek tragedy andwriting of them far more profoundly than I can do. But their writings are for those whoread Shakespeare, or who see him acted, not for those who take part in the presentationof his plays. Whether the plays were ever intended to be acted or no, whether or not theygain by being acted, does not concern me here. But If 1 were asked to present this play,of " Macbeth " upon the stage, 1 should need to bring to It an understanding differententirely from that which the student brings when he has only himself to consider as hesits reading It in private. You may feel the presence of these witches as you read the playbut which of you has ever felt their presence when you saw the play acted? And thereinlies the failure of the producer and the actor.&amp; In - Macbeth," it Is, to my mind, during the hypnotic moments that we should feelthe overpowering force of these unseen agencies, and how to make this, felt, how tomake it clear and yet not actual, Is the problem of the stage manager. To me it seemsthat the play has never yet been properly performed because we have never yet felt thesespirits working through the woman at the man, and to achieve this would be one of themost difficult tasks which could be set the stage manager, though not because of thedifficulty of purchasing gauze which should be sufficiently transparent, not because of thedifficulty of finding machinery capable of raising the ghosts or any other such reason. Thechief difficulty lies with the two performers of the roles of Lady Macbeth and Macbeth,for if it is admitted that this spiritual element which Shakespeare called the Witches andGhosts Is In any way connected with the pain of these two beings, Macbeth and his Lady,then these two characters must show this to the audience. &amp; j&amp; jp0 But, while it rests with the actors of these two parts, it also rests with the actors ofthe witches, and above all with the stage manager, to bring these spirits and their me- diums into effective harmony. &amp;On the stage the spirits are never seen during the scenes of Lady Macbeth, neither arewe conscious of their influence ; yet as we read the play we are not only conscious of theinfluence of these "sightless substances"; we are somehow conscious of their presence.We feel it as the presence of the French Abb6 was felt in Shorthouse's romance of "TheCountess Eve". -&amp;• £&gt; Are there not moments in the play when one of these three spirits seems to have clappedits skinny hand upon Lady Macbeth's mouth and answered in her stead ? And who was it,If not one of them, who drew her by the wrist as she passed into the room of the old kingwith the two daggers in her hand ? Who was it pushed her by the elbow as she smearedthe faces of the grooms ? Again, what is this dagger that Macbeth sees in the air ? by what thread of hair does it hang? who dangles it? and whose is the voice heard as he returns fromthe chamber of the murdered king ?...Macb. " T ve done the deed. Didst thou not hear a noise ?Lady M. I heard the owl scream and the crickets cry.Did not you speak ?Macb. When?Lady M. Now,Macb. As I descended ?Who is this that was heard to speak as he descended&amp; And who are these mysterious three who dance gaily without making any sound aroundthis miserable pair as they talk together in the dark after the dark deed? We know quitewell as we read ; we forget altogether when we see the play presented upon the stage.There we see only the weak man being egged on by the ambitious woman who is assumingthe manners of what is called the " Tragedy Queen "; and in other scenes we see thesame man, having found that the same ambitious lady does not assist him, calling uponsome bogies and having an interview with them in a cavern. &amp;What we should see is a man in that hypnotic state which can be both terrible andbeautiful to witness. We should realise that this hypnotism is transmitted to him throughthe medium of his wife, and we should recognise the witches as spirits, more terrible be- cause more beautiful than we can conceive except by making them terrible. We should seethem, not as Hazlett imagined them, as " hags of mischief, obscene panders to iniquity," malicious from their impotence of enjoyment, enamoured of destruction, because they are" themselves unreal, abortive, half-existences; who become sublime from their exemption"from all human sympathies and contempt for all human affairs," but rather picture themto ourselves as we picture the militant Christ scourging the money lenders, the fools whodenied him. Here we have the idea of the supreme God, the supreme Love, and it is thatwhich has to be brought into "Macbeth " on the stage. We see in this instance the God ofForce as exemplified in these witches, placing these two pieces of mortality upon the anviland crushing them because they were not hard enough to resist; consuming them because theycould not stand the fire: offering the woman a crown for her husband, flattering herbeyond measure, whispering to her of her superior force, of her superior intellect; whisperingto him of his bravery.See how persuasively the spirits can work upon the man or the woman when separatedand alone! listen to the flow of their language; they are drunk with the force of thesespirits though unaware of their presence. &amp;But note the moment when these two come together. In each other's faces they see, asit were, something so strange that they seem to be surprised by a reminiscence.—" Wherehave I seen that before or felt that which I now see ? " each becomes furtive, alert, fearful, onthe defensive, and so there is no outpouring of speech here, but their meeting is like thecautious approach of two animals.What is it they see ? the spirit which clings round the feet or hangs upon the neck, or,as in the old Durer picture, is whispering in the ear ? Yet why, one wonders, should thesespirits appear so horrible when a moment ago we were speaking of them as beings sodivine as to resemble the militant Christ? and the answer seems obvious. Is it not pos=sible that the spirit may take as many forms as the body, as many forms as thought ?These spirits are the many souls of nature,.... inexorable to the weak, obedient to thosewho obey. But now let us come to the appearance of Banquo at the feast. &amp;&amp; The whole play leads up to, and down from, this point. It is here that are pronounced themost terrible words heard during the play, here that is offered the most amazing Impres- sion for the eye. And in order to reach this moment decently, intelligently, •. • that is tosay, artistically,... the figures must not walk about on the ground for the first two actsand suddenly appear on stilts in the third act or line, for then a great truth will appearas a great lie,... Banquo's ghost as nothing. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; We must open this play high up in an atmosphere loftier than that in which we gen- nerally grope and which is a matter=of=fact, put-on-your-boots atmosphere; for this is amatter of fancy, a matter of that strangely despised thing, .*. the imagination; that whichwe call the spiritual.We should be conscious of the desire of the spirit to see the woman utterly anihilatedherself rather than submit to the influence which this spirit brings upon the flesh asa test. W© should see the horror of the spirit on perceiving the triumph of this in- fluence.&amp; Instead we see of all this nothing on the stage. We do not know why the witches areworrying these two people; we feel that it is rather unpleasant. But that is not the feelingwhich should be created in us. We see bogies and imps of the cauldron and pitch-forksand the little mosquito-like beings of the pantomimes, but we never see the God, the Spirit,which we ought to see ; that is to say, the beautiful spirit, that patient stern being whodemands of a hero at least the heroic. &amp;Shakespeare's characters are so often but weak beings; Lady Macbeth is perhaps theweakest of them all, and if that is the beauty,... and unmistakeably it is a great beauty,...it is the beauty of disease and not the supreme beauty, &amp; &amp; J? &amp;Having read of these characters we are left to ourselves and our own contemplation andeach will add that thought which Shakespeare left to be added by each. There is greatfreedom permitted to the reader for much has been left unsaid, but so much has also beensaid that nearly all is indicated, and to the imaginative brain these spirits are clearlyimplied and the fruits of the imagination are always welcomed by the unimaginative whodevour them as Eve must have devoured the forbidden fruit.Therefore when a stage manager happens to have imagination he must also set beforethe people the fruits of this Imagination. &amp;But look at the unwieldy material which is tossed to him ! What can he do with rubbish such as scenery, such as costumes, such as moving figures which he can shove herand there and place in this or that light? Is this material for so subtle a thing as imagi- nation to work with ? Perhaps it is; perhaps it is no worse than marble or the materialused for erecting a cathedral; perhaps all depends upon the manner of the use. &amp;Well then, admitting this, let the stage manager return to the material and determineto shake the dust out of it until he wakens it to real life; that is to say, the life of theimagination. For there is only one real life in art and that is this life of Imagination. Theimaginative, that is the real in art, and in no modern play do we see the truth of this sotremendously revealed as in " Macbeth " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;It is all very well for some people to talk about Shakespeare living in a curiouslysuperstitious age, or choosing a theme from an age and a country which was soaked insuperstition.&amp; Good heavens, is the idea of a ghost, is the idea of a spirit, so strange ? Why, then thewhole of Shakespeare is strange and unnatural, and we should hastily burn most of hisworks, for we want nothing which can be called strange and unnatural in the twentiethcentury. We want something we can clearly understand, and, as represented upon thestage, these plays are not clear to understand, for the foolish appearance of a spook is noa very understandable thing, though the reality of the presence of spirits around usseems to me to be a thing which all ordinary intelligences should be reminded of.&amp; Yet how can we show this thing properly if we take as the main and primary point forour consideration Macbeth and his wife, Banquo and his horse, and the thrones and thetables, and let these things blind us to the real issues of the drama ? &amp; &lt;£? &amp;&amp; Unless we see these spirits before we begin our work we shall never see them later on.for who can see a spirit by looking for it behind an act drop? No, the man who would showthese plays as Shakespeare perhaps might wish them to be shewn must invest every particleof them with a sense of the spiritual; and to do so he must entirely avoid that whichis material,... merely rational... or rather, that which exposes only its material shell,for the beholder would then come up against something thick and impenetrable and haveto return to that swinging rhythm which flows not only in the words of Shakespeare butin his very breath, in the sweet aroma which lingers round his plays.But to speak more practically in conclusion. &amp; &amp; Had I to teach a young man who would venture to achieve this I would act as follows;I would take him through each portion of the play, and from each act, each scene, eachthought, action, or sound, I would extract some spirit,... the spirit which is there. Andon the faces of the actors, on their costumes, and on the scene, by the light, by line, bycolour, by movement, voice and every means at our disposal, I would repeatedly and re- peatedly bring upon the stage some reminder of the presence of these spirits, so thaton the arrival of Banquo's ghost at the feast we should not commence to giggle butshould find it just and terrible; should be so keenly expectant, so attuned to the mo- ment of Its coming that we should be conscious of its presence even before we saw itthere.&amp; It would be the natural climax, the natural conclusion ; and from that point until theend of the play I would remove spirit by spirit from the faces, from the dresses, from thescenes, until nothing lay upon the stage but the body of Macbeth, a handful of ashes leftafter the passage of a devouring fire. &amp;By this means the scorn which the appearance of a spirit arouses in us would be averted;and before the public was aware of it, a spirit-world would once more become a possibility,our minds would again open to receive the revelation of the unseen ; and we should feelthe truth of Hamlet's words, " There are snore things in Heaven and Earth, Horatio, thanare dreamed of in your philosophy". jgr &amp; They piecluderealistic tie at«menU &amp; "Paitial tones" Hamlet9 s Father. Shakespeaie asScenographer. The aupernatu»tal element. &amp; " Macbeth " The "ThreeWitches. " &amp; The stage mana- ger's problem. &amp; &amp; The chiefdifficulty. &amp; What we shoulds ee . &amp; JS? The meeting. B an quo . &amp; Unweieldymaterial. &amp; (1) Shorthouse.(2) Hevesl. (1) Maeterlinck.(2) Haslett, A NATIONAL MEMORIAL THEATRE:THE BUILDING by Louis Madrid. ow that we are going to have a National Memorial Theatre let us deter- mine to have a noble one and take our measurements accordingly.&amp; The Drama we have already Shakespeare and the Elisabethans;we can train the performers, and a miracle may bring us the rightdirectors.But it will not need a miracle to make sure of a noble building, andthough timidity may at first prevent us from seeing our way to it, wemust undoubtedly make the effort to erect a nobler building than any to be seen today in London. jZ? &amp;&amp; How I s this to be done? How shall we set about the work?i&amp; Well, first of all we must remember that no such building can be completed in less thanfifteen years although It may possibly be used while still uncompleted and before it isformally opened. Next we have to find our master-architect and our assistant architects.Thirdly we have to learn to obey our master; and in order to feel like obeying we shallhave to put aside our conceit and consider the matter seriously and with sincerity. &amp;As I write this a great cathedral ...Westminster,... has just been consecrated. Thatcathedral has not been built in a year or even in two; it has taken at least ten yearsto build, probably longer; yet it has been open for six or seven years: and so it was withthe great cathedrals of the Midde Ages save that many more than ten or twice ten years wentto their completion.Therefore when we decide to build our Memorial Theatre let us think of it as thoughwe were entering upon a task as great as the building of a cathedral, for unless we do sowe shall only succeed in erecting one more wedding-cake affair. That we may not fall intothis latter error let us take warning from the timidity of the Parisians who built an OperaHouse which is a blemish to a fair city, and if we are unconscious that it is an error letus visit Vienna, Munich, Berlin, Budapest, St Petersberg, and Moscow and see for ourselveswhat comes of compromise, conceit and insincerity.Intriguing and conceited Builders may have put those terrible State Opera Houses andTheatres in their place and may have put them there securely, but assuredly no MasterArchitect was there to control them ... and let us not forget that without a great architect atthe head of affairs we, like those other cities, shall certainly make a muddle.Naturally no such building as I have in mind in writing this,... one worthy of comparison with a great cathedral,... can be completed without considerable difficulty, nor withoutpanic nor yet without regrets; but let us be wise enough to avoid falling into the errorof thinking that it Is the Architect who creates this panic, this difficulty and these re- grets. On the contrary, the Architect is the only man who can steer us through them tosuccess.The story of the building of the great dome over the cathedral in Florence is so fullof this same panic and regret that, seeing how, and in spite of, these it was triumphantlyaccomplished by its architect we can take courage and show as much pluck as did theFlorentines when they finally accepted Brunelleschi's designs, and so faced the difficult insteadof the easy way.jgr For BruneileschFs project was ridiculed at the outset. In fact, when called before thecommittee to explain his design he was laughed at to such an extent, was so exasperatedby delays and distrust of his powers that, in an access of fury, he had to be carried kickingfrom the room. Even after his plans had been accepted his progress was retarded by everyconceivable means so that the work took twenty five years to accomplish ; and yet todaywe forget all this as we point to it, and flatter ourselves that it all happened like a miracleand find it really the best dome ever built.And what of Brunelleschi himself? Was he one of those "old school'' fellows who cando no wrong, who never get in a temper, who are amiable and agree with every whipper- snapper on the Florentine Committee ? On looking at the dome we form the impression thathe must have been a grave calm man who commanded everyone's respect and to whoseopinion everyone bowed down. But was that so ? Not a bit of it. Read the story of his life (i)and you will see that every step of his way was obstructed by intrigue and nonsense,for the Florentines of the fifteenth century were no different iu this from the Londonersof today. In one respect, however, they differed, and that made and still makes all the&amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &lt;£? &amp;&amp; They valued their artists ... they would no more have dreamt of asking a mere builderto put up a cathedral than of asking a wine seller to say mass; and it is due to this intel- ligent virtue that Italy looks as it does today.&amp; If we bear this in mind we shall then in our turn be wise and select as architect theman who can design for us the noblest building,... for it is certain in the end to prove alsothe most practical.Of course we are sure not to treat our architect any better than did the Florentines,Brunelleschi, for we know nothing about architecture and yet are sure to interfere. But letthat be as it may; let us at least prelude all our mistakes-to-be by one splendid action,...the choice of the finest architect, the acceptance of his plans. And in the choice of thisarchitect let more than a committee of theatrical men be consulted. We should take councilwith artists of every branch of art avoiding if possible the Royal Academy as a whole; thedesigns should be publicly exhibited as they were formerly in Florence and all Londonallowed to see them before any decision is &amp; &amp;It would not be unjust previously to throw out all the florid " wedding-cake " designsas unworthy to set before the citizens of London, but every so-called " queer" designshould have its chance. Why, Brunelleschi's design for the dome was considered so " queer "that the authorities locked him up in prison for making it, probably thinking such anidea could be born only in the brain of a madman, and he was rescued with considerabledifficulty ; so let us in our turn beware of rejecting a thing as "queer" only because we havenever seen its like before.-^ A great task. Biunelleschi. Respect for theartist. &amp; A councilto choose thearchitect. (1) In "Filippodi Ser Brunellesco" by Leader i'cott, (George Bell and Son.) you get a very good idea of the amazing story, and membersof the National Memorial Theatre Committee would do well to read it. TUITION IN ART A NOTE TO THE YOUNGER GENERATION OF THEATRICAL STUDENTS. by Felix Urban. when masters of Theatrical Art are rare we must learn as best we can. 'TheManagers are too busy to help us and the Actors and Actresses have lost the knack ofInstructing. Many a student, either too poor or too intelligent to go to one of the Schoolsof Dramatic Art, has to be his own master; and, with care and plenty of self criticism, hecan have no more faithful tutor. &amp;&amp;? &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&lt;&amp;&amp; Yet there are masters willing to help the student of our Art and to do so for next tonothing; and, even if not strictly speaking dramatic tutors, these masters come very nearthe mark and in some respects are better than the professional teachers. I allude to the oldmasters of painting whose works we can study when and where we will. &amp; But no, not quite where we will, for most of the works of the old Italian, Dutch, andSpanish masters are to be seen only abroad, though we can go to the National Gallery inTrafalgar Square and study some of them if we will, and reproductions of the schools of Italy,Holland and Spain can be had at prices within the reach of all.&amp; And what, you ask, can w© learn from these masters ? 1 will tell you.You can derive many wonderful things and learn many useful things; though surely noone who looks at these works needs to be told what can be derived by studying them. Asfor learning from them, you can do so by studying in them movement, dramatic movementfacial expression, the values of light and shadow, historical and fanciful costume, and someof the significance of a pictorial scene. &amp;&amp; If you visit the National Gallery continually, and if you are able to be undisturbed whilestudying the wonderful collection which the Nation has to offer you, you will receive afuller impression than if you study reproductions in black and white : but even these canbe of very great value to you and I will tell you how to get them in a way easily withinyour reach. And consider what a great advantage it will be to have in your own room a setof pictures full of such things as i have enumerated, for you can study so much better inprivate, and a Public Gallery cannot offer you sufficient privacy for your work. &lt;£?A publisher (i) has for some years been issuing small volumes literally packed withgood reproductions of all the best works of the Masters of Italy, Holland, Spain and othercountries. You can have the masterpieces of Giotto, Carpaccio, Durer, Tintoretto, Fra An=gelico, Veronese, Holbein, Velasquez, Teniers,.... the list is too long to complete it here,and you can get a volume containing sixty of these reproductions for sixpence. &amp;And from every picture there is something to be derived or learned. &amp; &amp; &amp;That possibly never before occurred to you, but it may interest you to learn that it oc»curred to men and women in your calling whose names and work you hold in great esteem.Miss Ellen Terry, for example, owes much to the masters of painting; Forbes Robertsonmuch ; Madame Bernhardt and Madame Duse and Salvini all have studied under them ;Henry Irving very often betook himself to them although, possibly owing to his earlytraining, he was fond of selecting as guide the more flamboyant rather that the more restfulmasters: he preferred Rubens and Vandyke to Giotto and Masolino, yet, strange to say, hismovements were the movements which Giotto teaches and not those of Rubens.You must not be put out by 44 advisers " who tell you that you have nothing to learnfrom Giotto, for example. You may be quite a different person from the 44 adviser ... thatindividual who has so little to do that he advises everyone else to do as little... and youwill do well not to trouble about people who tell you that movement is not to be learnedfrom studying movement in pictures. It is so to be learned, and In schools of the Dance thepupils,... nay, even the masters,... give much time to the study of the movement in designsupon Greek vases, In sculpture and in early painting. &amp; But be careful to select for your study none but the best masters. The best masters ofDramatic movement are Giotto, Masolino, Michel Angelo and Rembrandt, though the twofirst are finer than the two last,... finer because more restful, having brought movementdown to a state of repose. The other two may be said to 44work it up" more, although attimes Rembrandt is very restrained, while he can be the most poignant of all. &amp; For facial expression also these four will still serve you as very noble tutors, thoughFra Angelico, Franz Hals, Teniers and Hogarth enter more into this subject, and Giottoeven here is the finest master of all, but very, very difficult to understand. You must notthink, however, that facial expression is "making faces." You probably do not think so, butdo not forget it. &amp;For costume and scene, including light and shadow, all the masters are very valuable andthough I still put Giotto first you will do well to study Fra Angelico a great deal. MichaelAngelo is of little use to you here. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Beware of the " superb " masters. The Theatre has followed all these men a little toomuch hoping to be able to reproduce their " superbness " and has utterly failed. These" superb " fellows are Titian, Tintoretto and Veronese.&amp; When a stage manager turns to an old master to help him in his need for such playsas the "Merchant of Venice" or "Much Ado About Nothing" he too often seeks out Paolo Vero- nese and Tintoretto. He would do better to learn from Carpaccio who, in movement, costumeand scene is quiet without being austere like many Italians, yet who avoids being over-richand noisy like Veronese.You are not to think I am finding fault with a master; I only wish to point to one whoI consider better fitted to instruct you. Carpaccio is the golden mean between the very calmchurch painters and the very swagger city painters,.... the balance between the sacredand profane.For nearly all the Shakespearean plays of which the scenes are laid in Italy Carpacciois an admirable master. He lived between 1478 and 1522. His scenes and costumes aremostly Venetian,... and these of course will not do for "Romeo and Juliet" if you wish to becorrect in detail. But do you wish to be correct in detail or correct in spirit? If the latter,then study Carpaccio without fear. &amp;I have forgotten to mention the two Bellinis for our publisher has not as yet favouredus with a book of their pictures; possibly he may do so before long.He has issued very many volumes of interest besides these that I have mentioned, amongstthem being four volumes of the Drawings of Old Masters, (each sixpence) and a little workon Fossil Plants which will be very useful to you as a help in studying patterns. Then thereare a couple of volumes of " The Masterpieces of Sculpture ". &amp; £?&amp; Dancers and Actors have often availed themselves of the sculpture of the masters, butexcept in one or two instances have benefitted very little. There is something too cold, tooperfect, about sculpture to serve the actor, and the only pieces of sculpture which I shouldadvise you to trouble about are the bas-reliefs. The " all-round " sculpture curiously enoughbaulks more often than It assists. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;I have not gone much into detail In this short article but if you wish I will do so another *time, for there is plenty to be said on the subject and I shall be glad to return to it.Meantime I may as well tell you which masters you need not trouble to study at all; theyare Reynolds, Murillo, Raeburn, Del Sarto, Correggio, Poussin, Gainsborough, Luini andGreuze.By the way, you ought to write to the publisher whose address I have given you andask him when he will publish a volume of Leonardo's pictures and some volumes of Leo- nardo's drawings. These you should secure as soon as you get the chance,.... and carryon you wherever you go, for he is the masters of masters for everything.£Jn looking back at what I have written I seem to have been talking a great deal andabout something I don't entirely believe in. Who wants to be studying from pictures ?What worth as models have they beside the body of a man or a woman ? Who was thisGiotto and who these dandies Carpaccio and Angelico,... city dandy and holy dandy? Andwhat was I thinking about when I advised you to take dead men as your tutors, to lookbehind you when walking forwards ? And now if I tell you to study nothing but naturewhat do you care for my advice? You will say I tell you one thing today and another to- morrow ; you can find a better counsellor for your money. &amp;Well, do as you will. Look for good counsel; try and discover it in the north or inthe south, at night or by day; and when you have found it try to secure it in a box orin a sentence; do not foe cheated of a certainty. If you do this, if you search for a certainty, you will find yourself turning round and round without stopping and you will possiblyget giddy. But should you care to hear me to the end I am quite willing and it will saveyou from chasing after phantoms. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Many artists tell us that Nature is the greatest teacher. M. Rodin never ceases tell- ing us so and what he says brings us nearer the truth. But it is not the whole truth.Nature may be the best teacher for certain artists but is assuredly the hardest, andstudents have much to learn before passing into that class presided over by the greathead-master. Conceive the helplessness of a student of divinity on being told that hisbest master is God! It Is the truth, but it is also true that the best masters for begin- ners are the prophets.&amp; Therefore go to the Masters first and then go to Nature. Each explains, while appearingto contradict, the other. But because the paradox seems puzzling do not take refuge underthe modern cloak of inane repetition of modern formulas. Avoid facility.... and this youwill do if you keep your eye upon Nature and the Old Masters. The old Masters. Theit value. How to studythem. Select the bestmasters. &amp; The "superb"masters. Catpaccio. j&amp; Sculptilie. . Art or Nature ? &amp; Both Ati andNature. &amp; (1) Uowang and Grey, 5 Robert St, Adelphie, London. THE PASSION PLAY AT OBE RAMMERQAU by Adolf Furst. he Passion Play is over but the enthusiasm for it will probably not dieout till it is played again in 1920. £?&amp; The enthusiasm is respectable and righteous though not religious.The production is a poor piece of work if it represents as it claims todo the thought and labour of three centuries of artists.The bloom of the first performance in 1634 may have been moredelicate ; we have no means of judging, though we should be inclined to think that when the Austrian army destroyed part of the village of Oberammergau in1809 many of the older traditions disappeared. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; "It is almost blasphemy" writes Miss J. Helena Short, "to call it acting", and I aminclined to think she has not overstated the case, for as a work of art the performancerejoices in all the worst faults of theatricality;... stage, scene, actors, facial expression,movement, costume, all is as stagy as the most ignorant public could desire. Artistically itis most profane, yet in spite of this the old story is as triumphant as ever, and creates insome of us a profound impression. Therefore I cannot see why I should have had to travelall the way to Oberammergau when 1 ought to be able to claim from my own country theright to witness a performance of this drama at home. &amp;&amp; Yet I should be sorry to see such a performance in England. I should be sorry to thinkthat English peasants under the direction of English artists could not do better in threemonths than the folk above Ammergau have done in three centuries. &amp; &amp;&amp; Well performed, beautifully as well as earnestly presented, free seats to all, and I cannotthink of any pleasure which the English Nation would enjoy more than to witness each yearthe representation of this noble drama. &amp; &amp; &lt;0Of course the danger of such a performance is that it might become theatrical or righteousand so miss the point, which is to be beautiful and religious.At Oberammergau we have seen how the whole thing has failed as a work of art. Howelse could it have appealed to the American vaudeville manager Mr Martin Beck ? He seesa pretty penny in it and has therefore arranged that some of the peasant players shall visitAmerica and see if a replica of the performance can be faked up in one of the United Stateswherein Mr Elbert Hubbard dwells. &amp;&amp; There is no doubt that the thing is possible ; it will not cost anything to transportthe hypocritical part of the business, colossal as it is, and that after all Is its greatestappeal.themes have always been dear to the artist, and though the theatrical artist isnot permitted to use them today he once upon a time made good use of them.That was before he made money out of them and before actors painted their faces,or made speeches outside their theatre, which in that day was the church itself. Before written had crept into the theatre, before Realism had come to fill up a stage emptyo# intelligence. That was in the days when architecture was held to be the only fit back- ground for Drama and when daylight was considered a finer illumant than artificial light;when the false was considered as vile as it is,.... false colours, false diamonds, false hairand noses. &amp; &amp; In those days the dramatic artist had the same privilege as the painter, sculptor orpoet. He might make use of a religious theme for the purposes of his art,.... Or rather, hisart was considered exquisite enough to touch religious themes with.Today this privilege is no longer his. &amp; &amp; &amp;While poets may sing of Calvary and painters and sculptors may show us the Entomb,ment and the Resurrection, we may not lift the veil which hangs between the visions ofthe life and death of Christ because we have lost the right to do so ... lost it throughbeing in love with powder and patches, artifice and vulgarity and worthless things insteadof being in love with the lovelier things.^&amp; Well, it was our own choice and we cannot grumble. But if we ever think It worthwhile to enter our names for the old privilege of exercising our art on religious themes wemust first prepare ourselves and our theatre. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;£&gt;&amp;For ourselves, I suppose we players are no better, no worse than the rest of the world,but our theatre is certainly far worse than any other artistic medium or instrument,..,.far worse because so much less sincere, so far more artificial. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; And people will always prefer insincerity to sincerity... artificiality to nature, if theyare allowed the choice. &amp; &amp;&amp; The mistake is to give them the option in matters of Art, for people are as children andknow no better, neither has there been a time when they knew any better. &amp; &amp;&amp; Tyrants are no longer of the picturesque quality or the world would again look andsound more enchanting. We must patiently await the return of the older Tyranny:... Artwill then flourish. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; The first per- formance. Performance.in England. &amp; The danger. J2&gt; Religiousthemes. A lost privilege. &amp; The return ofTyranny. &amp; THE THEATRICAL by John Balance. '"piiere is something about the Theatre which annoys the critical. It cannot be defined bythem but it is easily felt. These critical will assert that they detect definite faults inperformances, but when brought to task can seldom define exactly what those faults are norlogically prove that anything should have been &amp;They have been irritated, and it is for us to remove the cause of irritation.We produce an old opera, for instance, of 1650. We stage it as pleases us, carefully, in taste, and without display and without pedantry.We do this, and send the critical-minded into a rage. We were too modern.Yet had we staged it as nearly as possible as it was staged in 1630 should we havepleased the critical any better? Not a whit. They would then have accused us of beingprecious antiquarians. &amp; &amp;Now what is it that annoys the critical ? It is The Theatre, and The Theatrical;nothing more and nothing less.&amp; The Atmosphere of the Theatre annoys them* They prefer the Atmosphere of books andan occasional day in the country. I know them well, these same criticals, and I like themand their disapproval and intend to profit by it if I can. &amp; &amp;There is a peculiar dryness in the Book Atmosphere which is delicious. AH otheratmospheres appear coarse after it,.... murky, muggy, foggy, foul. There is a certain in- fluence In the staid black and white of books which refines the eye without It's knowingit. The uniformity of the type increases this, and everything is clinched by a binding delicateto the touch. jg/ &amp; &amp; &amp;/s/ A bookish person is one to be reckoned with. His refinement is natural after ten orfifteen years in this Book Atmosphere and it is very powerful. &amp; £? &amp;The Theatre is not refining in the same way. It lacks this calmness of tone, this greyproduced by black and white. It lacks the uniformity; it lacks this vellum or morocco exterior.Its appeal to the senses of sight, touch, hearing is not subtle or delicate. We as audienceare regular galley slaves chained together. The Theatre orders us here and there. We mustsit down, remain quiet,.... often be uncomfortable,.... and we may not think. As forpondering anything it is forbidden. We must sit up, open our eyes and ears and receivewithout comment all that is poured through them into the receptical of our already outragedbrain. The brain of course has closed most of its private doors; only the postern from thesenses to the lower apartments remains open. &amp; &amp;&amp; Then all the silliest stuff in the world is let loose upon us, embellished with as muchmagnetism or mesmerism as the actors can add to it. &amp; £? &amp; &amp;&amp; This cannot be right. It is most certainly to be altered. The critical detest it. The cri- tical are part of the Public. They begin to avoid the Theatre. &amp;&amp; This will not do. It is obvious that there is no way out of it but to change somethingand it is we, not they, who must change. We must create a new atmosphere. Notmerely the atmosphere of the play, the scene, the actors, but the whole atmosphereof the Play-house.&amp; «« God bless mel" cries the contented critic, " but why ? why change anything ? "&amp; Why ? Because the critical disapprove... a good reason. The Atmosphereof the Theatre. &amp; A new A tmosphereto be created. THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUMEOF SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS KINO HENRY byE. W. Godwin. P. R. S. ere we have the last of what are called "the historical plays".(i)With the death of Richard III. we saw the end of the conse- cutive series which, beginning with Richard II., carried usthrough six reigns to within three years of a century. A.D. 1485was the last date we had before us. We pass by Henry VII.,the wickedest as certainly as he was the richest prince inEurope, and we do not take up the chronicle again until twelveyears have passed over the crowned head of that coarsest ofEnglish princes, whose chief boast is said to have been thathe " never spared a woman in his lust, or a man in his an- ger." The sequence of events as related in the drama begins in the spring of 1521 withthe arrest of the Duke of Buckingham, and ends with the birth of Elizabeth, which tookplace in the autumn of IS33, the year before that important one in the history of Englandwhen the exercise of the power of the Papal Court in this land was formally declared byAct of Parliament to be illegal. To show how far Shakspere has followed the real historyof these twelve years, I give here a brief record of the time, as I have done in my noteson the other historical plays :—1521. The Duke of Buckingham arrested. Tried by the Peers May, 13, andexecuted May 17.Buckingham was charged with having entertained designs on theCrown as early as 1511, with having had his horoscope cast by theZadkiel of the period, one Nicholas Hopkins, a Carthusian monk, andwith plotting the death of the King, Wolsey, and others.1528. Oct. 7. Cardinal Campegius arrives in England from Rome with a commissionto try, conjointly with Cardinal Wolsey, the question of the King'smarriage with his brother's widow, Katherlne. The two Cardinalswait on the Queen.1529. May 7. The Cardinals open their commission at the Monastery of Back Friars.Witnesses, including the King and Queen, are summoned, and thereal business commences June 18, on which day the Queen enters aprotest against the Cardinals as judges. She appears before the Courtagain June 21, and this time in the presence of the King, but willnot admit the legality of the tribunal, leaves the Court, and is heldcontumacious. On July 30 the Cardinals adjourn to October 1, secretlyaware that the Pope had, on July, 18, allowed the cause to be triedat Rome.1529. Aug. The King takes his autumn tour with the light graceful-manneredAnne Boleyn; receives the legates at Grafton, dismisses them, andnever sees Wolsey again.1529. Oct. 9. Cardinal Wolsey takes his seat in the Lord Chancellor's Court, andthe Attorney-General indicts him in the Court of King's Bench foracting contrary to the Statute of Provisors (25th Edward III.).1529. Oct. 17. The Great Seal taken from Wolsey and given to Sir Thomas More.1529. Oct. 28. The judgment of the Court of King's Bench is pronounced, and theCardinal receives sentence of imprisonment and forfeiture of goods.1530. Feb. 12. Wolsey, weak and ill, Is pardoned by the King, who sends him moneyand plate, and grants him the revenues of his archbishopric. He re- tires to York, and lives in the exercise of his church duties throughthe spring, summer, and early autumn ; but on November 4 he isarrested at his palace of Cawood for high treason by the Earl ofNorthumberland, is taken towards London, falls seriously ill on theroad, and dies at Leicester November 29.1532. May 16. Sir Thomas More resigns the office of Lord Chancellor.*533* Feh. 21. Cranmer appointed Archbishop of Canterbury.1533- May 23=28. Cranmer, at his court held at Dunstable, decrees the marriage of theKing to his brother's widow to have been invalid, and his union withAnne Boleyn lawful. A few days after, Katherine—who was still" contumacious " enough to dispute Cranmer's right to judge, andtoo old-fashioned and obstinate to see the beauty of separation bymutual consent—was removed (some say by force) from Ampthill toKimbolton, where she died, January 7, 1536.1533* Sept. 7. Anne Boleyn gives birth to the "princess" Elizabeth at the royalmanor or palaco, Greenwich.&amp; The clamour against Wolsey for illegal exactions and unjust taxation did not arise untilsome years after Buckingham's death, and to restore himself to the King's favour Wolseypresented his sovereign with his newly-built palace of Hampton Court. With this exception,the first Act is a thoroughly consistent historical picture of the early days of the monthof May 1521. &amp;&amp;&amp;&gt;&amp;£/&amp;?The second Act begins in the afternoon of the day of the trial " of the great Duke ofBuckingham," May 13, 1321, but before the first scene closes we hear the news that u Car- dinal Campeius is arriv'd " from Rome, and the second scene confirms the report by thepresentation of the Cardinal to the King, which, as we have above seen, would not be earlierthan October 7, 1528. In the third scene, "Anne Bullen" is created Marchioness of Pembroke,an event which really happened in September 1552, and then we go back to 1529 for thenext scene—The trial of Queen Katherine. Act III. begins by reversing history, and makingthe visit of the Cardinals to Katherine to follow instead of to precede the trial, and therest of the Act is devoted to an entirely mythical account of the fall of Wolsey, made atthe end worse than mythical by Cromwell's very premature announcements concerningCranmer and the Lady Anne. The fourth Act begins and ends in June 1533, but Griffith'snews about Wolsey's death is just as tardy as Cromwell's news in the last Act was prema- ture. The fifth Act occupies three days in September 1533, but the Lord Chancellor, SirThomas More, had resigned long before Cranmer had been made Archbishop, and the insultsoffered by Gardiner and others to the latter at the Council board did not occur till sometime after the birth of Elizabeth.The scenery throughout the play is architectural, and is laid in London and Westminster,with the ecxeption of an interior in Kimbolton Castle (Act iv. Sc. 2), and the last act, whichtakes place at Greenwich. If, further, we deduct the fourth scene of the second Act andthe two streets in Westminster, we shall find nothing else but palaces to deal with; so thatwe may arrange our list of scenery as follows:—Streets. Two in Westminster. (Act ii. Sc. 1; Act iv. Sc. 1.)Castle. Kimbolton. (Act iv. Sc. 2.)Monastery. Blackfriars, London. (Act ii. Sc. 4.)Palaces. Westminster. (Act i. Sc. 1, 2, 3 , Act ii. Sc. 2, 3.)Bridewell. (Act Hi.)/Greenwich. (Act v.)York Place. (Act i. Sc. Iv.)The first street scene (Act ii. Sc. 1.) is fixed by the text, and must lead from WestminsterHall to the Palace Stairs or landing place, for Sir Thomas Lovell, who is the officer incharge of Buckingham, as he leaves the Hall, says;—To the water-side I must conduct your grace:Then give my charge up to Sir Nicholas Vaux,Who undertakes you to your end.On which Vaux immediately calls out:— Prepare there,The duke is coming; see the barge be ready ;And fit it with such furniture as suitsThe greatness of his person.Whether the direction of the river be across the stage or up the stage, or diagonal toit, matters very little. Such a scene, managed with a little care, cannot fail to be highlyeffective. We see the old timber houses of Lancastrian and Plantagenet reigns crowdingtheir gabies one against another. We see the water-gate, the beginning of the steps, andthe bargemen waiting for their orders; there, too, is the rabble many who in all timeshave liked to look on the interesting spectacle of a man burdened with a huge weight oftrouble; there are the tipstaves, the halberdiers, and the officers; there are merchants*gentlemen, and some foreigners, too, who have come up from the city to see the trial ofthe " bounteous Buckingham, the mirror of all courtesy," and who, like gentlemen, "standclose "—that is, retired and as privately as may be, that the condemned may not see them.Over all, while the sparrows are twittering on the roof, and the pigeons cooing on thepenthouse, the afternoon sun of a bright May day throws long shadows on the ground, andmakes, by contrast, a very horror of the sorrow. It is a month later and twelve years afterthis sad scene that we find ourselves again in a street at Westminster. Two of our oldfriends, who stood close in private talk to see the last of Buckingham, are here to see thefirst of the new Queen as she comes in state from her coronation to the palace of Whitehallor York Place. It is a broiling sunny day in June, both sides of the street are in sunlight,but there are deep shadows under the many projections of the overhanging storeys, andstrong shade on all the jutting angles. At the far end of the street rises cool and grey thenorth transept of the Abbey, with the wear and tear of three centuries upon it, but other- wise unchanged since its erection in the time of the third Henry. By no means built ina straight line is it, this street which leads from the Abbey to Whitehall; there are alsocross=lanes or streets, and the narrow thoroughfare widens out as it reaches the boundary- wall of Wolsey's garden, so that here again we see how great is the opportunity for stageeffect, if our scenic artists will but follow the truth so far as it can be ascertained.Of Kimbolton Castle I know nothing. &amp; &amp;The Monastery or Priory of Blackfriars or Dominicans was founded in 1275 by RobertKilwardby, Archbishop of Canterbury, under license from the Crown, on a site adjoiningand including the site of a portion of the city wall and one of the towers thereof. The oldmaterials of the fortification were used in constructing the Priory, and a new city wallwas ordered to be erected on a line going westward from Ludgate behind the houses tothe river Fleet, and then southward to the Thames. A new tower for the King's receptionwas also ordered to be built at the head of the wall, "within the water of the Thamesthere wherein the King might be received and tarry with honour to his ease and satisfactionin his comings there. " The style of architecture for this great scene might very justly bethat which prevailed in the time of Edward I.—in other words the style of the North Walkof the Cloisters at Westminster. The interior, up to a certain height, would be covered upby the fittings of the Court, which were prepared with all deliberation, and to produce animposing and solemn dramatic effect. Indeed all the externals of the reign of Henry VIII.—the ceremonies of state, the masques, the feasts, the public business, the public pleasuresand amusements—seem to have been disignedly conducted in a dramatic, and sometimeseven a stagey, manner. The arrangement of the royal throne under its " cloth of state " ordais, of the judges' bench below it, and of the peers' seats each side, of the tables, theposition of the clerks, &amp;c., are all well indicated or suggested by the stage directions inthe play. The general plan would be much the same as that we see in the arrangement ofthe present House of Lords. But as the fittings were all set up for the occasion, they werenecessarily in great part of a temporary character, concealed by hangings, dossels, cushions,and covers of sundry kinds. Below the cardinals sat the officers of the court (the chief clerkand the apparitor), and on the other side of the table, facing the officers, the Cardinals,and the King, sat the Archbishop and Bishops; on one side of the table was ranged thestrong array of the counsel for the King, and on the opposite side the five counsel for theQueen, who sat near them, but at some distance from the throne. Of the four royal palaces of Westminister, Whitehall, Bridewell, and Greenwich, nothingis left to us except the great hall of that at Westminster. Bridewell was an old fortifiedplace, and was rebuilt by Henry VIII. for the reception of the Emperor's retinue on theoccasion of his visit in 1522. Whitehall, or York Place, was built by Hubert de Burgh, Earlof Kent. It was afterwards bought by Walter de Gray, Archbishop of York, 12x6-1255. Onthe fall of the Cardinal of S. Cecilia it came into the possession of the Crown, and was thechief residence of the Court from 1530 to 2697, when the old buildings were destroyed bya fire. York House was in great part rebuilt by the Cardinal, whose lavish expenditure, ona very doubful kind of art, was only exceeded by the King, of whom it is recordod that heexpended on his now walnut-tree bedstead for Whitehall no less than 86/. 3s. 10d. (old value)irrespective of the fees due to one Master William, who devised the work and instructedthe workmen. The palace or manor at Greenwich was a fifteenth century structure, con- siderably altered and rebuilt by Henry VIII. &amp;The palatial scenes in this play must therefore be constructed (1) on such evidence aswe can obtain from documentary authorities, and (2) on the evidence of contemporarybuildings which yet exist. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; Foremost among these are the accounts of the Surveyor-General in the MS. Additional10, 109, and Wolsey's Palace, Hampton Court. The unfortunate Buckingham was rebuildinghis palace at Thornbury when he was arrested (the work was begun in isn)&gt; and the exten- sive remains of this mansion, as well as the 44 Boke of the Surveye," are invaluable autho- rities for the scene painter, if used with judgment. In 44 Examples of Gothic Architecture,"by the late A. W. Pugin, are a large number of engravings from measured drawings ofThornbury, and in Parker's 44 Domestic Architecture of the Middle Ages," the 44 Boke ofthe Surveye " Is largely quoted. Wolsey's work at Hampton Court was finished in 1526. Thedate of the chapel and dinlng-chamber would appear to be later, as we find in these roomsHenry's initial, bound by a love-knot, to that of Jane Seymour, who became his queen in1536 and died in 1537. Of the style of the different scenes in these four palaces I have notspace enough now to speak; but of their elaborately carved forniture, of the marvellouslyrich hangings, u wroght with gold as thyk as cowd be" of the 44 chambres of Pleasance,"with their white silk and linen hangings, rich carpets, and bright matting, the 3rd vol. ofParker's 44 Domestic Architecture " will afford abundant information. &amp; &amp; jg? Date of theaction. &amp; *£? &amp; The realhis tory. The five Acts. The scenery. London Streetscenes. &amp; Blackftiars. The court Scene. Sources ofinformation. &amp; (1) We have reprinted this article out of its regular order, believing ihat it will have particular interest at the present time in view ofthe revival of the play by Sir Herbert Tree. The articles on the other historical plays will appear in due course. J. S. BENKEI ON THE BRIDGE (Nò DANCE)The giant Benhei fighting Yosliitsune, the boy hero SAMBASO DANCERSambaso is the prelude to other plays in the KabuKi theatre THE TRAGIC THEATRE byW. B. Yeats. noticed in all but all the printed criticisms of Synge's 44Deirdre of the Sorrows"that none of the things that made certain moments seem to me the noblesttragedy were written of, but that the play was judged by things that seemed to mebut wheels and pulleys necessary to the effect, but in themselves nothing.Upon the other hand, those who spoke to me of the play never spoke of these wheels and pulleys, but if they cared at all for the play, cared for the things I cared for.One's own world of painters, of poets, of good talkers, of ladies who delight in Ricard's por®traits or Debussey's music, all those whose senses feel instantly every change in imagination,in our mother the moon, saw the stage in one way; and those others who look at playsevery night, who tell the general playgoer whether this play or that play is to his taste,saw it in a way so different that there is certainly some body of dogma whether in theinstincts or in the memory, pushing the ways apart. A printed criticism for instance foundbut one dramatic moment, that when Deirdre in the second act overhears her lover say thathe may grow weary of her; and not one, if I remember rightly, chose for praise or explanationthe third act which alone had satisfied the author, or contained in any abundance thosesentences that were quoted at the fall of the curtain and for days after. &amp; &amp;&amp; Deirdre and her lover, as Synge tells the tale, returned to Ireland though it wasnearly certain they would die there, because death was better than broken love, and atthe side of the open grave that had been dug for one and would serve for both, quarreled,losing all they had given their life to keep. 44 Is it not a hard thing that we should missthe safety of the grave and we trampling its edge?" That is Deirdre's cry at the outset ofa reverie of passion that mounts and mounts till grief itself has carried her beyond griefinto pure contemplation. Up to this the play had been a Master's unfinished work, mono®tonous and melancholy, ill arranged, little more than a sketch of what it would have grownto, but now I listened breathless to sentences that may never pass away, and as theyfilled or dwindled in their civility of sorrow, the player, whose art had seemedclumsy and incomplete, like the writing itself, ascended into that tragic ecstacy whichis the best that art perhaps that life can give. At last when Deirdre, in theparoxysm before she took her life, touched with compassionate fingers him that had killedher lover, we knew that the player had become, if but for a moment, the creature ofthat noble mind which had gathered its art in waste islands, and we too were carriedbeyond time and persons to where passion living through its thousand purgatorial years, as In the wink of an eye, becomes wisdom; and it was as though we too had touched andfelt and seen a disembodied thing. &amp; &amp; dogma of the printed criticism is that if a piay does not contain definite character, itsconstitution is not strong enough for the stage, and that the dramatic moment is alwaysthe contest of character with character. In poetical drama there is, it is held, an antithesisbetween character and lyric poetry, for lyric poetry however beautiful when read out of abook can but, as these critics think, encumber the action. Yet when we go back a fewcenturies and enter the great periods of drama, character grows less and sometimes disap®pears, and there is much lyric feeling, and at times a lyric measure will be wroughtinto the dialogue, a flowing measure that had well befitted music, or that laboured one of thesonnet. Suddenly it strikes us that character is continuously present in comedy alone, and thatthere is much tragedy, that of Corneille, that of Racine, that of Greece and Rome, whereits place is taken by passions and motives, one person being jealous, another full *of loveor remorse or pride or anger. In writers of tragicomedy (and Shakespeare is always awriter of tragi® comedy) there is indeed character, but one notices that it is in the mo=ments of comedy that character is defined, in Hamlet's gaiety let us say; but that in thegreat moments, when Timon orders his tomb, when Hamlet cries to Horatio 44 absent theefrom felicity awhile ", when Cleopatra names 44 Of many thousand kisses the poor last''all Is lyricism, unmixed passion, 4 the integrity of fire Nor does character ever attain tocomplete definition in these lamps ready for the taper, no matter how circumstantial and gradual the opening of events, as it does in Falstaff who has no passionate purpose tofulfils, or as it does in Henry the Fifth whose poetry, never touched by lyric heat, is ora- torical like a speech at a general election, like an article in some daily paper; nor when thetragic reverie is at its height do we say " How well that man is realised, I should knowhim were I to meet him in the street", for it is always ourselves that we see upon thestage, and should it be a tragedy of love we renew, it may be, some loyalty of our youth,and go from the theatre with our eyes dim for an old love's sake. &amp;J think it was while rehearsing a translation of "Les Fourberies de Scapin" in Dublin, andnoticing how passionless it all was, that I saw what should have been plain from thefirst line I had written, that tragedy must always be a drowning and breaking of the dykes thatseparate man from man, and that it is upon these dykes comedy keeps house. But i wasnot certain of the site; (one always doubts when one knows no testimony but one's own);till somebody told me of a certain letter of Congreves'. He describes the external and su- perficial expressions of "humour" on which farce is founded and then defines "humour"itself, the foundation of comedy, as " a singular and unavoidable way of doing anythingpeculiar to one man only, by which his speech and actions are distinguished from all othermen " and adds to it that " passions are too powerful in the sex to let humour have itscourse ", or as 1 would rather put it, that you can find but little of what we call characterin unspoiled youth, whatever be the sex, for as he indeed shows in another sentence, itgrows with time like the ash of a burning stick, and strengthens towards middle life tillthere is little else at seventy years. &amp; jg? &amp;Since then I have discovered an antagonism between all the old art and our new artof comedy and understand why I hated at nineteen years Tbackery's novels and the new Frenchpainting. A big picture of cocottes sitting at little tables outside a Cafe, by some followerof Manet's, was exhibited at The Royal Hibernian Academy while I was a student at alife class there, and I was miserable for days. 1 found no desirable place, no man I couldhave wished to be, no woman I could have loved, no Golden Age, no lure for secret hope,no adventure with myself for theme out of that endless tale I told myself all day long. Yearsafter i saw the Olympia of Manet at the Luxembourg and watched it without hostility indeed,but as one might some incomparable talker whose precision of gesture gave one pleasure,though one did not understand his language. I returned to it again and again at intervalsof years, saying to myself "some day I will understand" and yet it was not until Sir HughLane brought the Eva Gonzales to Dublin, and I had said to myself" How perfectly thatwoman is realized as distinct from all other women that have lived or shall live " that 1understood I was carrying on in my own mind that quarrel between a tragedian anda comedian which the Devil on Two Sticks showed to the young man who was climbingthrough the window.There is an art of the flood, the art of Titian when his Ariosto and his Bacchus andAriadne gave new images to the dreams of youth, and of Shakespeare when he shows usHamlet broken away from life by the passionate hesitations of his reverie. And we call thisart poetical, because we must bring more to it than our daily mood if we would takeour pleasure ; and because it delights In picturing the moment of exaltation, of excite- ment, of dreaming(or in the capacity for it, as in that still face of Ariosto's that is likesome vessel soon be full of wine). And there is an art that we call real, because charactercan only express itself perfectly in a real world, being that world's creature, and becausewe understand it best through a delicate discrimination of the senses, which is but entirewakefulness, the daily mood grown cold and crystalline.We may not find either mood in its purity, but in mainly tragic art one distinguishesdevices to exclude or lessen character, to diminish the power of that daily mood, to cheator blind its too clear perception. If the real world is not altogether rejected it is but touchedhere and there, and into the places we have left empty we summon rhythm, balance, pattern,images that remind us of vast passions, the vagueness of past times, all the chimeras thathaunt the edge of trance ; and if we are painters, we shall express personal emotion throughideal form, a symbolism handled by the generations, a mask from whose eyes the disem- bodied looks, a style that remembers many masters, that it may escape contemporary sug- gestion; or we shall leave out some element of reality as in Byzantine painting, where there is no mass, nothing in relief, and so It is that in the supreme moment of tragic artthere comes upon one that strange sensation as though the hair of one's head stood up.And when we Jove, if it be in the excitement of youth, do we not also, that the flood mayfind no wall to narrow, no stone to convulse it, exclude character or the signs of it bychoosing that beauty which seems unearthly because the individual woman is lost amidthe labyrinth of its lines as though life were trembling Into stillness and silence, or atlast folding itself away ? Some little irrelevance of line, some promise of character tocome, may indeed put us at our ease, 'give more interest' as the humour of the o!d manwith the basket does to Cleopatra's dying. But should it come as we had dreamed in love'sfrenzy to our dying for that woman's sake, we would find that the discord had its valuefrom the tune,&amp; Nor have we chosen illusion in choosing the outward sign of that moral genius thatlives among the subtlety of the passions, and can for her moment make her of the onemind with great artists and poets. In the studio we may indeed say to one another"character is the only beauty" but when we go to the gymnasium to be shaped forwoman's eyes, as when we choose a wife, we remember academic form, even though weenlarge a little the point of interest and choose "a painter's beauty", finding it the moreeasy to believe in the fire because it lias made ashes. &amp; &lt;£?hen we look at the faces of the old tragic paintings, whether it is in Titian or in somepainter oi medieval China, we find there sadness and gravity, a certain emptiness evenas of a mind that waited the supreme crisis (and indeed it seems at times as if the graphicart, unlike poetry which sings the crisis itself, were the celebration of waiting). Whereas inmodern art, whether in Japan or in Europe, 'vitality' (Is not that the great word of thestudios?) the energy that is to say that is under the command of our common moments,sings, laughs, chatters or looks Its busy thoughts.&amp; Have we not here then the Tree of Life and that of the knowledge of Good and Evilwhich is rooted in our interests, and if we have forgotten the differing forms of leaf andfruit, it is surely because we have taken delight in a confusion of crossing branches. Tragicart, passionate art, the drowner of dykes, the compounder of understanding, moves us bysetting us to reverie, by alluring us almost to the intensity of trance. The persons upon thestage, let us say, greaten till they are humanity itself. We feel our minds expand convul- sively or spread out slowly like some moon-brightened image crowded sea. That which isbefore our eyes perpetually vanishes and returns again in the midst of the excitement itcreates, and the more enthralling it is the more do we forget it. When I am watching myown Deirdre I am content with the players and myself, when I am moved for a while notby the contrasted sorrows of Deirdre and Naoise, but because the words have called up beforeme the image of the sea-born woman so distinctly, that her unshaken eyelids that had notthe sea's cold blood seem by contrast what I had wished her to seem, a wild bird in acage.&amp; It was only by watching my own plays upon the stage that I came to understand thatthis reverie, this twilight between sleep and waking, this bout of fencing ,alike on the stageand in the mind, between man and phantoms, this perilous path as on the edge of asword, is the condition of tragic pleasure, and to understand why itis so rare and so brief.If an actor becomes over emphatic, picking out what he believes to be the important wordswith violence, and running up and down the scale, or if he stresses his lines In wrongplaces, or even If an electric lamp that should have cast but a reflected light from skyor sea, shows from behind the post of a door, I discover at once the proud fragility ofdreams.&amp; At first I was driven into teaching too statuesque a pose, too monotonous a delivery,that I might not put "vitality" in the place of the sleep walking of passion in these things,and for the rest became a little deaf and blind. &amp; &amp;But alas! it Is often my own words that break the dream. Then I take the play from the stageand write it over again, perhaps many times. At first I always believed it must be some- thing in the management of events, in all that is the same in prose or verse, that was wrong,but after I had reconstructed a scene with the messenger in Deirdre in many ways,I discovered that our language must keep at all times a certain even richness. I had used " traitor ", s&lt; sword " suborned " words in a too traditional usage, without plunging theminto personal thought and metaphor, and I had forgotten in a moment of melodrama thattragic drama must be carved oat of speech as a statue is out of stone. &amp;&amp; It is certain therefore that should suggestion run thin, should some one move violentlyshould there be a sudden noise, any one out of a thousand accidents that would hardlytrouble the robust pleasure of comedy, the climbing shoulders will come from under thestone. Perhaps there is in tragic art something womanish come from the continual presenceof the Muses who have given Comedy a later and a slighter love, and we know that mencan have their days work amid the abrupt, the common, the foolish even without utter loss,but that women cannot keep their fineness lacking a fine company. gq»ut train our players and our mechanists as we will and if we have not thought out theart of stage decoration afresh every brush stroke of our scene painters will mix intothe reverie the monotonous or the irrelevant. We will hire some Journeyman to accompanythe poet's description with a painted landscape which, because it must give all to the firstglance and yet copy nature, will alone copy what is obvious, and which even if it couldkeep the attention and give It pleasure could but keep it to the poet's loss:—" A vapour, sometime, like a bear, or lion,A tower'd citadel, a pendant rock,A forked mountain, or blue promontoryWith trees upon't that nod unto the world.And mock our eyes with air. "&amp; I have heard Anthony speak those lines before a painted cloth that, though it could notmake them nothing, left In the memory the sensation of something childish, theatrical aswe say. Words as solemn, and having more for the mind's eye than those of the Book ofCommon Prayer must be spoken where no reformer has cast out the idolatrous mummeryand no tradition sanctified.In no art can we do well unless we keep to those effects that are peculiar to it or thatit can show better than the other arts. We no longer paint wood with a grain that is notits own, but are content that it should display itself or be covered with paint that pretendsto be but paint, and if we paint a design upon a vase or a plate, we are careful not toattempt something that can be better done ill easel painting. But in the art of the theatrewe imitate easel painting, even though we ignore or mar for its sake the elements weshould have worked In, the characteristics of the stage, light and shadow, speech, themovement of the players. Our tree=wings.... Set us say.... can only be given mass anddetail by painted light and shadow and these will contradict, or be in no relation to thereal light, and this real light will be so cut up and cut off by wings and borders arrangedfor effects of painting that we shall be content to use it in but a few obvious ways. Thentoo our background will be full of forms and colours, instead of showing an even or almosteven surface whereon the players are outlined clearly that we may see their movements'and feel their importance; and all the while the background, even if it were fine paintingand had no false light and shadow and did not reduce the players to a picturesque groupin the foreground of a water colour painting by my grandmother, could but insist on theunreality we are anxious to forget, for every time a player stood close to that gardenscene we would but feel over again on how fiat a surface they had painted that long gardenwalk dwindling away into the distance.|f we would give our theatre the dignity of a church, of a Greek open air theatre, of anElizabethan platform stage, and cannot be content with any of these we must have ascene where there is no painted light and shade, and that is but another way of saying,no realism, no objects represented in mass unless they can be copied exactly as we cancopy an Interior, and the mechanism of this scene must as little as possible prevent the freeand delicate use of light and shadow. &amp;When we have made this change in obedience to a logic which has been displayed inthe historical development of all the other arts, we shall have created a theatre that willplease the poet and the player and the painter. An old quarrel will be ended, the stagewill be beautifully decorated, every change will be full of meaning and yet ■it will nevercreate a competing interest, or set bounds to the suggestions of speech and motion, and liberated from the necessity of an always complete realization, the producer, recoveringcaprice, will be as free as a modern painter, as Sign or Mancini let us say, to give himselfup to an eliptical imagination. G!osier will be able to fall but from his own height andthink that he has fallen from Dover cliff, and Richard's and Richmond's tents can face oneanother again. We shall have made possible once more a noble, capricious, extravagant,resonant, fantastic art. &amp; &lt;£9 jg? &amp; . £9 &amp;All summer I have been playing with a little model, where there is a scene capable ofendless transformation, of the expression of every mood that does not require a photographicreality. Mr. Craig.... who has invented all this,... has permitted me to set up upon the stageof the Abbey another scene that corresponds to this, in the scale of a foot for an inch andhenceforth 1 shall be able, by means so simple that one laughs, to lay the events of myplays amid a grandeur like that of Babylon, and where there is neither complexity norcompromise nothing need go wrong, no lamps become suddenly unmasked, no ill«paintedcorner come suddenly into sight. Henceforth I can all but produce my play as 1 write it,moving hither and thither little figures of cardboard through gay or solemn light and shade,allowing the scene to give the words and the words the scene. I am very grateful for hehas banished a whole world that wearied me and was undignified and given me forms andlights upon which I can play as upon some stringed instrument. &amp;This essay is an introduction to a volume oi Mr Yeats' plays which is in preparation and which will contain stage designs by MrGordon Craig. Deirdre and herlover. &lt;£? 4Z? One dogmaof printed criticcism. &amp; Tragedy andComedy. &amp; The old &amp; new- art of Comedy. Poetical art. &amp; The old tragicpainting. Tragic art. Stage Decora- tion. Bach ait has itsown peculiareffects. Yet we imitateeasel painting. How to givedignity to thescene. The solution ofall scenic pro- blems. WATTS: DELACROIX: BLAKE. HALF THE TRUTH Watts. geauty is the language of art, and with this at command thoughts as they arise takevisible form perhaps almost without effort, or (certain technical difficulties overcome)with little more than is required in writing this not absolving the artist or the poetfrom earnest thought and severe study, JZ? &amp; jg? jg?&amp; In many respects the present age is far more advanced than preceding times, incomparablymore full of knowledge; but the language of great art is dead, for general, noble beauty,pevardes life no more. jg? jg? &amp;&amp; The artist is obliged to return to extinct forms of speech if he would speakas the great ones have spoken. Nothing beautiful is seen around him, excepting alwayssky and trees and sea; these, as he is mainly a dweller in cities, he cannot live enoughwith. But it is, perhaps, in the real estimation in which art is held that we shall find thereason for failure. If the world cared for her language, art could not help speaking, theutterance being, perhaps, simply beautiful. But even In these days when we have ceasedto prize this, if it were demanded that art should take its place beside the great intellect tual outflow of the time, the response would hardly be doubtful. jgr THE OTHER HALF TRUTH. Delacroix. Jt is absolutely necessary that at some moment or another in one's career one shouldreach the point, not of despising all that Is outside oneself ,but of abandoning for everthat almost blind fanaticism which impels us all to imitate the great masters, and toswear only by their works. It is necessary to say to oneself, that is good for Rubens, thisfor Raphael, Titian ojr Michael Angelo. What they have done is their own business; I am notbound to this master or to that. St is necessary to learn to make what one has found one's own: a pinch of personal inspiration is worth everything else. THE TRUTH, THE WHOLE TRUTH, AND NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH. William Blake. | know that this world Is a world of imagination and vision. I see everything 1 paint in thisworld, but everybody does not see alike. To the eyes of a miser a guinea is far morebeautiful than the sun, and a bag worn with the use of money has more beautiful proportionsthan a vine filled with grapes. The tree which moves some to tears of joy, is in the eyes ofothers only a green thing which stands in the way.... To the eye of the man of imagination Nature is Imagination itself. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; UNCOMMERCIAL DRAMA. J. S. '"jplie Era is one of the best of English theatrical journals; it is all the more unfortunateto find it talking of the New York Millionaire Theatre as though that experiment werefinished.&amp; "The experiment of the Millionaire's Theatre in New York can neither be said to have" entirely succeeded nor entirely failed," says our contemporary; adding, "The experiment" was worth trying because for a long time past it has been asked why in England some" rich man or men do not come forward and endow a theatre to be devoted to uncom*" mercial art". This New York Theatre is by no means devoted to art though it may be non-commercial.How many times must one point out that art does not pop up the moment a managementtakes an oath to be uncommercial.Art rather likes commerce,.... but it likes it good. If the idiots who misunderstandeverything about art are not prevented from confusing the public by this lie that good artand good commerce are opposed to each other a little harm will be done. &lt;£? &amp;&amp; Art can get along all right without the assistance of those tenth-rate commercial menwho, having failed to traffic honestly in butter or cheese or some other useful commodity,turn to the stage and think they can traffic in Drama. But, when a gentleman gifted withfirstclass business capacity turns his attention to the stage, the stage has never refused tobe up to the mark for him, and, though it can never pay like soap or pills, it can be madeto succeed commercially within limits.People too often forget that the stage, no less than the army and navy, is a branchof public service. What would the public do without its stage ? We hardly want govern- ment support when we have the support of the nation, or at anyrate of a large partof it.&amp; What I am sure everyone must be agreed upon is that we want better men in thetheatre, .... better artists, men of better stamina, to bring the stage into the desiredposition. Today any one can pass on to the stage.Talent and taste are not the first requirements, intelligence and study not of much account.Such a pity, this I What barrier is there to prevent noodles, (female as well as male), fromgoing on to the boards? None. What is there to prevent every young energetic man withoutthe necessary talent or training from bouncing the stage and its crew ? Nothing. Of courseenergy is valuable,... Mr Seymour Hicks has energy... and it sets a good example ; butwhat the stage wants is energy behind talent, behind taste, and behind genius if it is luckyin claiming a genius.&amp; In England we are, or should one say were, prejudiced against the word Art. We thinklike yokels about the artist; we ask him what he does for a living, and if he never doesany work. We forget that Art is as much a labour as anything else and for a man to excelin this calling he must have laboured exceedingly hard.... quite as hard as a carpenterat his bench.The artist has a natural (If somewhat affected) aristocratic dislike for the sounds andsmells and sights of mere labour as labour. Surely you will not blame him for this ? ButEnglishmen must remember that the artist can stick to his guns by the side of the bestsoldier of the realm.Take off your caps then to the stage artist who does stick to his guns. Be proud of himbecause he is an artist, not because he isn't a Don or a Jockey; and what is more to thepoint, see to it that he gets fair play, see to it that the nation reckons him amongsther best sons,.... that the nation knows how to value and develop that which he has to offer. The relation ofArt and com- merce. &amp; We need bettermen in the thea- tre. The Englishptejudiceagainst Art. &amp; A CHEAP THEATRE by Franz Hoffer. J. S reading Mr Granville Barker' lecture " The Theatre; The Next Phase" delivered inLondon on June 9, 1910 one is left wondering whether London likes that sort of thing.Mr Barker claims that the striking development of the Theatre which has been evident forsome years in Germany, Russia, France, and Scandinavia (he says nothing of Poland, Hungaryor Holland) is becoming evident in England. But he fails to show us clearly any such strikingdevelopment as those lands have to show us, so, I repeat, 1 wonder if London likes thatsort of thing. &amp; It is the cheap theatre he has to offer&amp; His lecture-essay is very full of words many of which are not at all clear to me. &amp; Nowhere except when speaking of the Speaker of the House of Commons or of men ofquality does he give offence. He is as careful to avoid treading on the corns of the crowdas though he feared retaliation of some sort. &amp;With a shopkeeper's twang he talks of his " trade " and proceeds to show how bad anaccountant he would make, asserting that " a few thousands a year ", and later on " fivethousand pounds ", is enough to spend on a Free National Theatre,.... not merely a Na- tional Theatre but one free like the National Gallery. As twenty five thousand poundswould be too little it is strange that Mr Barker, who claims to know about the Theatre,does not know this. &amp;&amp; But then as I have said before he Is thinking of a cheap theatre.&amp; Where Mr Barker speaks well is where he echoes Mr Bernard Shaw. Thus his passageabout Puritan Art and Repertory Theatres not paying is good because the ideas come fromShaw. Mr Barker does not acknowledge this. A passage surely quite original, (though ofthis I am not certain), is the following: "A play is anything that can be made effectiveupon the stage of a theatre by human agency " .... A very cheap proposition.One is left dazzled by this class of originalitj'. One is not used to it on the Continentand one is left wondering how Albion likes it, and what punishment she is contempla- ting for these who poke such fun at her. It certainly is not Normal,.... I like it thebetter for that, but what is it? What is Mr Barker anyhow? I sit wondering. Some one shouldadvise him to trot around a bit and pick up a few ideas abroad. He need not go furtherthan Boulogne to be thoroughly startled.&amp; " And what do you make of it? " I asked a shrewd American after he had read MrBarker's article;" Don't yoii think the man who wrote that would be the safe head of atheatre? " &amp; He answered, " Sir, it strikes me as written by a man that's dead and doesn't know it;and if your theatres aint mighty strong they'll die of association with such timidity andconventionality." &amp; &lt;£? &amp; JSP &amp; &amp; &amp; The following passages are taken from Mr Barker's lecture and are here offered for theconsideration of readers of The Mask.have but lately begun to feel our way in England to a method of establishing and" promoting the Arts and Sciences in a democratic state ". reason in the past why nothing was done to organise the Theatre was that the powers"that be were ashamed of its existence; and a difficulty in the present is that they have" fallen out of their desparate clinging to a Censorship."^gy cultivating an artistic as well as a moral conscience a clean palate good taste"in fact, one can distinguish soon enough between a normal work of art and an abnormal." Mr Barker'scaution. &amp; He echoes MrBernaid Shaw. &amp; An Americanverdict on MrBarker. &amp; £? Someoc Mi Barker'sSayings. MISS HORNIMAN AND HERREPERTORY THEATRE J. S. (not to say everyone), had always thought of Miss Horniman as being evidently avery kindly lady charitably giving her money to forward the plans of capable artists.Even as Whistler always dreamed of Romeike and Curtice the press agents as being thename of some charming myth, so has one been used to thinking of Miss Horniman.&amp; One imagined a graceful young woman of about twenty eight years of age, moved togracious deeds and words through a knowledge beyond her years, saying little and doingmuch ; almost an ideal of womanhood ; a fairy, touching the little Irish group of artistswith her golden wand and making many of their dreams possible; passing on to Manchesterto enact a like miracle,... doing it all for love of the deed. Sweetness seemed hers.It was a dream. The illusion is shattered once and for ever, and it is a great pity.Miss Horniman has spoken to the representative of the Referee and her wings have drop*ped away; the sweetness on which she leaned has given place to a stick,... "the big stick"of another fable, (we hope only a fable,.... a monstrous fable of caves and dragons)....and she stands revealed before us in her true colours, white, purpie and green,.... thecolours of the suffragettes.&amp; And, Jupiter, how she speaks! Alone I did it, she cries; I,... 1, Miss Horniman, foundedthe National Irish Theatre; and mark me, there is no man behind me, The Irish are aset of ungrateful wretches and I'm going to give 'em a lesson by asking a thousand poundsrent for my little theatre of their's. Once I gave it them rent free... but not now;... no,no ! Shall I tell you why I won't give it them free ? Because 1 want to prove conclusivelythat there's no man behind me, I am fifty years old,... you dare to contradict me! andat fifty a young girl's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of art. &amp; &amp; &amp;This is the gist, if not the exact words, of Miss Horniman's statement. But this is notall. She can't let the wonderful little group in Ireland alone. She tells Lady Gregory flatthat the Irish dislike everything that's English. This is all the more curious because onlyjust lately the Irish Theatre has welcomed and accepted an Englishman's work, and any onewho could appreciate what Yeats and his followers have done for the Art of the Theatrewould be sure of a welcome by the Irish people; but to expect an enthusiastic greeting froma nation after having admitted antipathy to it, as Miss Horniman has done, is expectingtoo much. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; *&amp; &amp; &amp;Yet it is only natural that Suffragettes should be over=sanguine. They are making asplendid fight of it, losing to win, and those who lose most are the noisy ones who, likeMiss Horniman, prefer to be ungracious rather than gracious.&amp; "Would you be gracious," they cry, "in the face of such oppression and insult?" "Certainlynot, unless I couldn't help it " I answer. And here is the gist of the matter.This ungraciousness of Miss Horniman and her sisters is not forced,.... they cannothelp it. Like art, it happens. But unlike art it happens by accident not from design.Hence the accidental talk in the Referee,... that trip over the carpet when speaking ofIbsen whom Miss Horniman says is "morbid". Ibsen, the high priest of woman's suffrage!!!!&amp; The Rashness, however, is rather pleasant (if only a few more stage ladies would bejust as rash); but the accidents, the blunders, the ungraciousness to Ireland and to mereman, are deplorable/and one can only beg the insensate lady to get a man,... a strongman ... behind her as soon as possible. jg?Rosa Bonheur was a bad painter, George Eliot and George Sand disgraceful writers,and Catherine of Russia a disgusting queen. If she wishes to rule let Miss Hornimanemulate our loved queen, Victoria, that true Englishwoman; and let her learn that womanis nothing but a selfish accident drifting aimlessly or to the bad without the guiding in* fluence of a man. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; (*) The charmingmyth. &amp; &amp; The leality. Miss Hornimanand the Irish. &amp; &amp; A deplorableattitude jg? (1) Speaking oi Suffragettes to a Cabinet Minister Sir Herbert Tree remarked, A propos of the attitude these fanatical ladies adopt; "Youcan't knock off a man's hat and then expect him to take it off"." Artists and Artistes Harry Furness. Strand Magazine July 1910. REALISM IN ART What is Art. Tolstoi, Jgqually little can Imitation, realism, serve, as many people think, as a measure of thequality of art. Imitation cannot be such a measure, for the chief characteristic of art isthe infection of others with the feelings the artist has experienced, and infection with afeeling is not only identical with description of the accessories of what is transmitted,,but is usually hindered by superfluous details. The attention of the receiver of the artisticimpression is diverted by all these well-observed details, and they hinder the trasmissionof feeling even when it exists.To value a work of art by the degree of its realism, by the accuracy of the details re«produced, is as strange as to judge of the nutritive quality of food by its external appea«ranee. When we praise a work according to its realism, we only show that we are talking, not of a work of art; but of its counterfeit. HAMLET: A SUCCESS OR A FAILURE? A. F Sir," In one of your recent issues you had a short note on " Hamlet ". I have not the copy"by me, but if I recollect rightly the substance of it was to the effect that the traditional" method of explaining " Hamlet" as irresolute was erroneous and that he was really a" man of strong will, and, moveover, that this conception had never been shown on the" stage." May I remind you that this was the point of view taken by Mme. Sarah Bernhardt" although it was not on all sides recognised,.... I suppose owing to strongly preconceived" ideas. I think I am right also in saying that this is the view of one or two German critics,...."Fischer and Werder, for I am, Sir, faithfully yours.Wilton Cole,'jphe above letter refers to a note which appeared upon page 162 of our second volume.The letter was handed on to the writer of this note who replies as follows: Whenwriting I was thinking of the male impersonations of the Prince of Denmark. Ithink it is quite likely that Madame Sarah Bernhardt may have takent he same pointof view but the performance suggested something quite different to me. &amp;This is Vischer's view of the matter:.... "Passion, specially considered, Hamlet does" not lack, but it is force in the core of his being that is wanting". He considers Hamlet's" delays as the result of irresolution. &amp; &amp; &amp;" Concerning Werder's point of view Mr Cole is correct and it is a great pity that actors «•seem unable to grasp this point of view. BOOK REVIEWS ART AND PROGRESS, Monthly, Wash- ington. U. S. A.prom America comes a very important newJournal, Art and Progress. It is publishedby the American Federation of Art,Washington, and John Alexander is one of itsVicepresidents, A. J. Parsons its actingTreasurer, F. D. Millet its Secretary. Othernames less well known in Europe help tomake an important show. &amp;&amp; It is a little journal with some good re- productions of paintings... (one by Hornel isespecially good), architecture, furniture andstage scenery, and some careful articles uponall branches of art.&amp; The one article which stands out fromthe others in the June number which wehave just received is entitled "Stage Sceneryas an Art". &amp; The article is a good one, for the writer,breaking an infamous rule, considers stagescenery from the stage manager's point ofview... that is to say, as stage scenery andnot as picture. But he selects very poorexamples of stage scene to illustrate hismeaning, and unfortunately tells us thatthey are " the best that has been accomplish- ed in the scenic art during the presentseason in America". It is a pity their bestis so bad. If this is really the best scenerythe new Millionaire's Theatre in New Yorkcan produce then New York is getting behindthe times and accepts any old warmed-updish for its fare. &amp; &amp;jg? The best of the four designs reproducedis that designed by Mr Jules Guerin. It haswhat looks like an admirable backcloth butthe pillars and steps and chairs and bitsof drapery in the foreground are so utterlyconventional, dragged as they are out of theEnglish Theatre of forty years ago, that allGu£rin's talent goes for nothing. We haveno doubt that Guerin was displeased,....but then he has but himself to blame forit, not being a professional stage worker. &amp; Mr Hamilton, the writer of the article,finds fault with the design but seems to findfaults which are not obvious to us. These arethe two faults he finds: "First, the" insistence upon vertical lines in the tallu gigantic pillars tends to dwarf the stature" of the actors; and second, the rectilinear" design does not admit a convergence of" lines upon any point of the stage which" will cast into relief the action which is" carried on within it. "But Mr Hamilton must know that thesedifficulties have been surmounted in Europefor some time. When America lags behindthe world is in a bad way jg? The second scene reproduced is that ofa very conventional stage college garden. Wefirst saw it about thirty years ago when SirJohn Hare produced the "Vicar of Wake- field ". Miss Ellen Terry was the sweetestflower in that garden and the whole picturewas as pretty as it could be, thirtyyears ago. But for New York dodderingly torepeat what London did in the eighties ismatter for the directors of the New Theatre to enquire into. &amp;The third design is that of a formal in- terior and is supposed to be a chaste anddignified example of the architecture of aSouthern State. There is something goodabout it but there is no charm. The interiorsof that period were delicious and the suncame through the windows in those daysand not through the &amp;&lt;&lt;&amp; The fourth design, (by courtesy of DavidBelasco), is bad. It looks like the kind ofscene one would expect for a play called "TheLily'". One sees Liiy sitting pale and downcaston those terribly theatrical ruins and lookingquite in the picture. &amp; &amp;No ! America must wake up in this branchof the theatrical business (for art as yet itis not), and must enquire more carefullywhat is being done in Europe and who isdoing it. JZ? &amp; THE PLAYS OF AESCHYLUS, Transla- ted from a revised Text by Walter Head- lam, Litt. D. and C. E. S. Head lam M. A.| ewis Campbell's translation of these playsis still in many ways the best because themost readable. The translators of the versionlately published by George Bell and Sonsmake no pretensions to any artistic form ;they desire only " to enable those who knowsome Greek to read the Greek of Aeschyluscorrectly &amp; 44 Prose has a proper function of itsown " they say in their preface,... but whatfunction is so useful that all sense of stylecan be disregarded ?&amp; &amp;In the 44 Prometheus Bound " the trans- lators give us the following 44 correct "Aeschylus&amp; Hephaestus.44 Ah me* Prometheus, I sighfor thy pains !" Power. 44 There thou art, shrinking againand sighing for the enemies of Zeus I "£? Surely such scholars as Walter Headlamand C. E. S. Headlam could find it possibleeven in prose to add a certain grace or powerby the choice of righter words than these;the phrase smacks of the housewife of thefarces, 44 There you are, at it again I" Andto tell us that this is correct makes uswonder what Aeschylus would have thoughtof English 44 correctness ". 46 Translation isalways a treason" as a Ming author observes,44 and can at its best be as the reverse44 side of a brocade; all the threads are there,44 but not the subtlety of colour or design, (i)Then let the treason be at any rate as trea- sonable as can be; let us be cheated Intothinking Iago really honest. jS?Campbell is more acceptable for thisreason, and Murray, in his really "treasonable"translation of Euripides, performs his task sodeftly, so gracefully, that we cannot see howit is done and do not suspect any legerde- main.jgt In this edition the Headlams have beenpleased to add stage directions to Aeschylus.This is a great pity; and as it is alsohardly 44 correct" it reduces the value oftheir protestations in their preface. The bookis full of useful notes and therefore one more,informing us that there is only one stagedirection to be found in all Aeschylus, wouldnot have been amiss. &amp; &amp;Nowadays when nearly every playwright,meddling with matters which concern onlythe stage direction, inserts into his work aquantity of 44 stage directions "to bolster upa weak text, it is well to be reminded thatthis custom found no more favour with theGreek masters than with Shakespeare.Playwrights should avoid this as a breachof good manners even if they do not do sofor the better reason that they are quiteignorant of what a stage direction consists.&amp; A play with many stage directions is abad work of art. jb? (1) Gkakura-knkuyo. MAURICE MAETERLINCK byGerard Harry, translated by AlfredAllinson. Geo: Allen &amp; Sons. 3/6 net. &amp;'Jphe original French edition of this bookhaving been reviewed in the April numberof The Mask we have only to add that MrAllinson has performed his work as translatorskilfully and sympathetically, and that theformat of the volume is as pleasing as expe- rience has led one to expect in any volumewhich issues from the Ruskln House. &amp; GUIDE TO THE LIBRARIES OFLONDON by Reginald Rye. Universityof London Press. 2j6 net. &amp; &amp;"fhis book will be of valuable assistance tostudents, enabling them, by a referenceto its index, to find in which of all London'sLibraries they will best find what is suitedto their requirements and under what con=«ditions that which they need may be obtained.AS the author states in his Preface, hisobject is 44 to make known to bookmen in44 general, and to the Students of the 44 versity of London in particular, the charac- 44 ters of the numerous libraries in London,44 and the facilities which they offer to rea=44 ders." &amp;But while Mr Rye, in compiling his volume,had in mind chiefly the students of thatUniversity where he acts as Goldsmith's Li =brarian, we would heartily recommend it toall students of the theatre and to those youngactors and actresses who are sufficiently inearnest over their work to wish seriously tostudy all which can aid them in its fullerunderstanding and better performance, itshould be of service also to students livingout of England and desiring to commissionothers to make researches for them on par=ticular subjects in the London libraries.The book is illustrated and is well printedand strongly bound. &amp; THE STORY OF OPERA by MarkhamLee. Walter Scott Co. Price 3/6 net.'Jphis book shows careful research, 5s wellillustrated and supplied with a chronolo- gical list of composers, great singers, con- ductors. So far so good.&amp; But all that Mr Lee writes proves evermore clearly that Opera has nothing to dowith the Art of the Theatre, that the Musi- cian is an invader in the Theatre and thathe is doing himself and his own art a greatdeal of harm when he allows himself to betempted in. &amp; &amp; Surely Mr Lee's definition of Opera,...." A play designed for the stage, with scenery," costumes and action used as accessories as"in all stage plays, but with the additional" use of music to intensify the meanings of"the lines which are uttered by the eharac- " ters, to generally heighten the effect pro- " duced by the other combined arts, and" to add an emotional element that might" otherwise be lacking," is sufficient to dis- gust all the musicians, painters and poetsalike with the idea of Opera for evermore,since in Opera the work of each of theseartists is to be only the " accessary " of thework of someone else. &amp; &amp;For while co-operation is probably anexcellent thing among individuals it is pro- ductive of anything but good results amongthe arts, and the spectacle of the musicianaccomodating himself to form part of a co- operative society of carefully balanced inte- rests is about as incongruous as the idea ofPegasus harnessed to a plough. AN APPROACH TO WALT WHITMANby Carleton Noyes. Houghton, MifflinCo, Cambridge. Mass, Dollars 1,25 net.WALT WHITMAN, the Man and thePoet by James Thomson. Bertram Dobell, London. //-. A. C. Noyes has not done his best inhis book on Walt Whitman, for he valueshis poet but seems unable to do him justicejust because of his admiration.&amp; Many writers have failed here. It is not&amp; j£&gt; &amp;&amp; Dr Bucke's book still remains the bestwhich I have as yet read. &amp;&amp; Perhaps if Edward Carpenter's little workbe placed close to Bucke's book it will adda lustre to it, but the Doctor's book is stillthe best.. Carpenter never wrote anything soadmirable, and it is a pity that Carleton Noyesdid not make the effort necessary to go fur- ther than these two. &amp; &amp;&amp; Traubel's works on Whitman I do notknow. I am told they are extraordinary. Buckeis so admirable because he is not carriedaway by his subject, and Carpenter surprisingbecause for the first time he stands firm andresists the attraction of writing a second" Specimen Days".Noyes must try again. He could havecondensed what he had to say into twentyfive &amp; &amp;&amp; The get-up and printing of the book Is excellent, as is usually the case with volumesbearing the name of the Houghton andMiflin Co. &amp; &amp; &amp;'phis book by James Thomson is a muchfiner thing. Written in 1874 and 1882 thetwo articles which make up the volume ap- peared in magazines of the period. j@&gt;&amp; The present reprint has an interestingIntroduction by Thomson's old friend andpublisher Bertram &amp;I like the whole book, and although it cantell nothing new about Whitman it retellsthe old story very well, and is valuable be- cause written by a writer of poems,... thewriter of " The City of Dreadful Night" and" The Hound of Heaven ". &amp; &amp;One day another American poet will ven- ture a song. In that song one verse at leastwill carol to his predecessor. Then for thefirst time shall people understand the trueworth of this forerunner of American powerand beauty,... for that time is not yet ar- rived. SIX MASTERS IN DISILLUSION by AlgarThorold. Constable 61- A. C. |—| ere Is someone who knows how to writeEnglish. You may take the book up, youmay open it at any page and whatever passageyou light upon is an enjoyment to read. Thusyou have something like the true creation.You take It for what it is, not for what itmeans, for to know what It means wouldbe as impossible as to know what the earth means. The "Six Masters" selected for criticismare Fontenelle, Prosper Merim£e, FerdinandFabre, Joris-Karl Huysmans, Maeterlinck andAnatole France. &amp; &amp; &amp;In reading the essays you receive theillusion of disillusion, the disillusion of illu- sion. It is what the author intends you toreceive ; therefore the author has triumphed.&amp; Black is white to him, only.... preciselythe opposite. &amp; &amp;The truth of this is one of the most dif- ficult things to convey and that the authorshould have succeeded in doing it places himalmost in a place apart. &amp; &amp;Mr Thorold's aim being objective criticismhis personal opinions are sedulously concealed.His sympathies are perhaps with Maeterlinckand Anatole France,... though, indeed, theyare bestowed upon all the others as well. Heis far from adopting the vitalist re-action ofsuperstition against the dissolving effect of intelligence analysed in the epilogue; hemerely indicates it as what he believes it tobe, i. e. a logically possible position and onevery likely to be popular. GARIBALDI AND THE THOUSAND byGeorge Maculay Trevelyan. Longman's,Green &amp; Co t8[-not favoured with a review copywe cannot let this book pass unreviewed.Yet fancy reviewing Garibaldi and his Thou- sand and One, (the one being the brilliantauthor) IWhat's to be done then ? ... how get outof it now we are in for it ? We hear thesplendid sounds of the Garibaldi march andthe procession goes by; we can only salute.The whole pageant of heroism and sweetnessis too overwhelming to say much about; onefeels one is still on the mountain side at theGibilrossa Pass. The divine troops wind downthe steep path, phantoms; and behind themmarches,... our author: no phantom, andno less one of them because of the Everyone in the Theatre must love thisbook if he read it. Not an actor but shouldbe stirred profoundly as he reads of thisstupendous 44 impossible " attempt proved bysacrifice to be the easiest thing in the world.How this great fight for the freedom ofItaly resembles the fight which must comefor the freedom of our Art! &amp; Listen I... 441 offer neither pay, nor quar- ters, nor provisions; I offer hunger, thirst,44 forced marches, battles and death. Let44 him who loves his country in his heart44 and not with his lips only, follow me."Again and again this is Garibaldi's offer.The old offer and none other awaits anyof us who love the freedom of that whichwe profess to love before all &amp;Let anyone who professes to love theTheatre read both books by Mr Trevelyan.We promise him something exceptional, wepromise him warmth, the glow of renewedvitality, a thrill which will last him to theend of his days and never grow less. VENICE IN THE EIGHTEENTHCENTURY. PhilippeMonnier. Chattoand WIndus. 7/6 net.\yhat a charming book! How delightfullyit is translated. One reads it with asmuch ease as that with which it appears tohave been written. Full of gaiety, colour,poetry, what a charming book! &amp;And for us who labour among the ruinsof a dead Theatre how full of promise is this book. Actors especially owe Monsieur Monniera debt they will find it hard to repay. For,if he speaks well of the playwrights Goldoniand Qozzi, if the painter Tiepolo floats oncemore as Jupiter upon one of his ceilings, ifthe Doges and the Dukes appear and attractus the actors literally come to life again and,with their overpowering attraction, compelour admiration. &amp;They are the foremost figures in the book.Nothing can stand beside them. MonsieurMonnier speaks of them on the first page, inthe very first line, and his eighth chapter isthe most beautiful one in the book.Therein he writes better of the theatrethan anyone has written of late years, andshows a picture which ravishes us. To saymore would be to spoil the treat in storefor the reader of this famous book,... famousnot only because it has received the honourof being 44 crowned " by the French Academy.&amp; Books about the Theatre are dull readingas a rule; this one is as entertaining as afirst class theatrical performance. The actorsappear, we see them at their work. By theirside Casanova's exploits seem dull,.... andwe know how lively they were; MonsieurMonnier re-tells us some of them. In the third chapter he tells us about theFestivals, Carnivals and the Villeggiatura. &amp;&amp; 44 The Carnival of Venice ! The words have44 lost none of their ancient power. The veil of44 our eyes is rent as we utter them. Even44 as we smile, merry phantoms seem to44 beckon us; exqusite dead graces push away44 their coffin lids; the diaphanous air throbs44 with light laughter; quavers and semi-qua- 44 vers gambol in the stave. &amp; &amp;44 Six months of the year it lasts, from44 October to Christmas, from Twelfth Night44 to Lent; on Ascension Day it starts again44 for two weeks; and again upon St Mark's44 Day, and whenever a Procurator is chosen,44 on the least occasion always, on the slight- 44 est pretext. As long as it endures all the44 people go about in masks all the people,44 from Doge to kitchen-maid. In masks men44 and women do business and buy fish, write44 their letters, pay their visits, and plead44 their causes in the courts. With a mask44 over his face a man may say and do as he44 pleases; for the State hath sanctioned his44 mask, and will protect it. In his mask he44 seeks admittance to drawing-rooms,44 churches, convents, to the ball, the Palace,44 the Ridotto. &amp; &amp; 44 There he may take his ease, he may44 read in his armchair, but he must not for- 44 get the law of Carnival: barriers hold,44 authority avails, and dignity exists no44 more; there are no more lordlings now, nor44 beggars kissing their Jong sleeves; no more44 is heard of spy or nun, of sbirro or zentil- 44 donna, rope-walker or inquisitor, poor man44 or alien; there is but one rank and one44 character, Sior Maschera; but one costume44 and one free people, garmented, steeped,44 confounded in delight. A scrap of white44 satin on the face, a black silk hood upon44 the shoulders; and by virtue of this comic44 livery, the aristocratic city becomes a de- 44 mocracy; and the loose garb of Laughter44 levels all her sons.44 Truly the Mask is more than a disguise:44 lis an incognito.&amp; And again 44 the Mask drives away diffi- 44 dence, covers all shame, and keeps all44 blushes hid, emboldens intercourse, and44 prompts adventure; better than bolts and44 bars, better than snug retreats, to guard44 the manifold meshes of intrigue "How charming all this is! And what youwill read about the actors is no less char- ming and far more important. &amp;&amp; Every English actor must read the booknow that it has been translated. TSE-ONDOGeisha dance in the district of Tse, near the famous Shinto shrine THE JAPANESE DANCE by MarcelleAzra Hinckes. W. Heinemann. 5/- net.'"phis Brochure, for all its brevity, shows nolittle learning and treats of a subject veryinteresting to those who would know some- thing of the Theatrical Art of the Japanese,since, although the modern drama has now44 become entirely separated from dancing "it was from this source that it sprang ori- ginally, and the fine influence is yet traceablein the fact that 44 on the Japanese stage themimetic art is as important as the spokenwordFrom a remote period the Dance In Japanhas been of paramount importance histori- cally as well as esthetlcally, and ever closelyassociated with the religion of the country.In fact in a land where 44 the very godsdanced, before ever mortal feet had learnedto tread a measure " it was inevitably wovenclosely into the fabric of the nation's reli- gious, artistic and daily life, and to it thecountry owes its finest dramatic literature,the 44 preservation of the classical Japanese44 language in the poems written several44 hundred years ago to accompany the No 44 dances ", its masks, its stage, the construe- tion of its theatre and the birth of thosewonderful No plays which are supreme exam- ples of brevity and fine tradition in dramaticart. &amp; &amp;&amp; It should not be forgotten, however, thatthe so-called 44 Dance " of Japan is a thingwidely differing from that exercise whichEuropeans understand by the word,,... anexercise which the Japanese would call gym- nastics and class with Ju-jutsu or the ancientacrobatic 44 Vengakuo".&amp; The Japanese dance, like the ancient Greekas we imagine it, is entirely of a pantomimicnature and 44 strives to represent in gesture44 an historical incident, some mythical legend44 or a scene from folk-lore." &amp; &amp;By symbolical gesture and a rythmic,highly-conventionalised, regulated movementit suggests, gives visible expression to, ideasand emotions, but in so delicate and distanta manner as to require, not only for its ap- preciation, but almost, one may say, as acondition of its existence, a particular temperand mental attitude on the part of thespectators, a unity between actors and au- dience; and the need of this preparedness onthe part of the onlookers can be the betterunderstood if it be remembered during the44 apparently meaningless gestures and sleeve- waving and fan-waving and stamping of feet,,that 44 every movement, every turn or twist44 of the hand, the arm or the body has some44 significance as clear to the Japanese as44 spoken words and that the subtlety of the44 Eastern mind detects various shades and44 degrees of emotions In dance movements44 which we neither look for nor understand. "The bare-legged dancer,... the lady whosesuccess lies largely in the scantiness of hercostume, is unknown among the dance-artistsof Japan, where even the feet are little seen,taking, especially in the religious dances, butslight part in the action ; and formalisedgesture, rigidly prescribed postures, dignity,perfect control of movement attained to byrigorous physical training, smoothness andthat appearance of ease which is the outcomeof long discipline, are salient characteristics.£/ The fact that the body itself is never seenand that Japanese dancing is yet so fine athing as it is and was dispels once and forall the illusion that it is necessary to thedance for the movement of the natural bodyto be seen. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;The European dance may affect us, give us the same pleasure, as the graceful spon- taneous movements of lambs in a meadow,of children running on the seashore, of youngleaves waving in the wind ; but the Japanese,with its strict ritual, its noble conservatismwhich still preserves traditional postureswithout change or modification, its obedienceto a fine tradition, its perfect control of itsmaterial,.... that is, the human body, ap- proaches more nearly to the stately andsplendid ceremonies of the past, of which,among us, some trace yet lingers in thesymbolic gestures of the priests celebratingmass, and it thus partakes more nearly ofthe nature of an art.Miss Hincks discusses her subject underthree headings, Religious, Classical and Po- pular. &amp;Under the first of these are included thereligious temple dances originally introducedfrom China, and of which the most interes- ting and important was that of the ShintoShrines, the 44 Kagura " whose strains weresupposed to be those which, according tolegend, lured the Sun-goddess from the caveand originated all the dances of succeedingcenturies. &amp;&amp; For the performance of this 44 Kagura"stages were erected at all the principalShinto temples, each temple having its staffof dancers; and on these stages and fromthese dances, to which marionette showswere later added, was developed the modernJapanese Theatre,... a theatre born of theactor, not the poet, of movement, not thespoken word.Passing on to the Classic dances we findtheir origin is neither as mythological noras remote as that of the religious. They seemto have developed under the influence of theBuddhist priests, who, finding the love ofmusic and dancing too deeply rooted in theJapanese nature to be eradicated, turnedthem to good purpose by wedding them toreligious poems teaching 44 the instability oflife, the vanity of all things human " untilthere finally emerged those No dramas whichshow a marked affinity with the Greek, andwhich, to the cultured Japanese, are so sa- cred, so jealously guarded from the invasionof the modern and realistic spirit which isfast dominating every department of thenational life. &amp; &amp; &amp;. These dramas, in which 44 nothing of acommonplace or frivollous nature is everrepresented" are acted on a stage and 44are 44 partly sung, partly recited, and performed44 by dancers, or what in Europe might be44 called actors, were it not that their gestures44 are to a certain extent rhythmical and44 conventional, and by a chorus which sits44 on one side and sings and recites but takes44 no part in the proceedings", while thehero 44dances or strikes appropriate attitudes,both his paces and postures being slow andsolemn". &amp;&amp; Only men are permitted to act in the Nodramas and the scenery is scanty and simple,...merely a suggestion; but the costumes arerich and stately and masks are always worn.The No drama is, in fact, with its beau- tiful monotony, its freedom from violentpassion or play of emotion, its simplicity,symbolism and spiritual suggestion, a highlyconventionalised form of art, a relic of thatwhich was finest in ancient Japan, the lan- guage, costumes and postures being still thoseof eight hundred years ago. &amp;Of the three classes of Dances the mostancient and primitive is, however, the Po- pular dance, since, before arts, civilisationor even formalised religion spring up in acountry, it is the instinct of primitive peoplesto express their emotions by dances* and the44 bon " dances, varying in detail but uniformin their main features, are danced in con- formity to the Shinto cult in August, towelcome the departed spirits which are sup- posed at that season to revisit the earth.In these dances 44 the peasants form a44 great circle, a living wheel, which revolves44 now slowly, now swiftly, whilst they pos- 4&lt;ture and express their feelings by means44 of sleeve-wavings and conventional ges- 44 tures.... Little fairy-like figures glide about44 in the white ghostly moonlight, their long44 soft sleeves waving like wings; their ryth- 44 mica! and precise paces are silent and44 muffled, their gestures are mysterious and44 expressive of worship, and their song min- 44 gles with occasional soft hand-clapping".We should like to give more details ofthese dances which Miss Hiocks describesfor us in so charming a manner, but mustrefer our readers to the book itself, andwould advise all students of the stage, havingread her account, to follow up the subjectfor themselves, since in this matter of theDrama Dance is perhaps of paramount im- portance. &amp;We reproduce three illustrations from this book by kind permissionoi the Publisher. Ed. LEONARDO DA VINCI'S NOTE BOORS,Translated by Edward Mc Curdy.Duckworth. jyjessrs Duckworth have just reissued a newedition of this excellent little book upona great subject. I happen to be under theimpression of how great the subject is afterspending a couple of days in Milan lookingat the original designs by Leonardo and alsoat that stupendous reproduction of the CodexAtlanticus.^Most of our readers know that the CodexAtlanticus is one of the manuscript works ofLeonardo da Vinci, that unique work which,for all we can tell, has no beginning andno end, but which resembles more than anyother work the Creation. &amp;&lt;£* The very learned may be able to explainit, but the artist would not wish to. He canonly look upon it, turn over the huge pagesin dumb amazement and admiration. &amp;&amp; It was the first time I had seen this bookin its entirety with its designs and writingforming a beautiful mosaic of calligraphy.All his imaginings were daily poured withprofusion upon loose sheets of paper andseem now when brought together to be likesome divine diary. Each page is alive ; thevivid geometrical figures sparkle upon thepages, and right in the middle comes a littledrawing of the lower part of the nose, thelips and chin of some unknown who knockedat his door in the midst of his reveries andwho came in through raising the latch ofiron or of the imagination. There are me- chanical devices for raising weights, for burst- ing open prisons, for cooking meats, forbreach loading cannons, for firing shrapnel ;methods of making canals, ways for scalingfortresses, devices for crushing five hundredmen in one movement; the flying machineof today with but little difference, the methodof joining two oceans of tomorrow withhardly any difference; calculations about thesun, stars and moon; conclusions concerningthe vibration of sound, light and movement;the origin of the taximeter ; all this and manymore masterly imaginings move one to sogreat an amazement that were one anIrishman one would say, •• Here is a man whohad many fathers!" &amp; &amp;&amp; All these things have been proved to be prac- tical, some to a certain extent, others entire- ly ; but they are lovely far more thanpractical. No one who has not seen the ori- ginal drawings with their scraps of writing gat Ian dec! around them can have any ideahow lovely they are. With Leonardo themechanical drawings never become mecha- nical; cog wheels are drawn as if they weredaisies ; he treats both alike, lovingly.The man who comes closer to Leonardothan any other is a man from London town,William Blake.&amp; Innocence and wisdom together have pro- duced this book, and someone should put thewhole work into English immediately, repro- ducing in facsimile every page. Mr Mc Curdy'slittle book with its quantity of text andpaucity of designs gives no idea whateverof this exceptional creation ; the designs bythemselves are incomplete. The whole workis a living thing, and must not be pulledto pieces : Leonardo, leaving no childrenbehind him, has actually left himself. Yousense the bony structure, surrounded withits well-knit muscles, fibres, articulatinglimbs, eyes, hair, hands, most of allthe hands. Touching the book the miraclehappens ; touching it you are held in thegentle, vibrating embrace of the living Leo- nardo. JSs? MAGAZIN Beau has made his first appearance.He is as spendid as a Beau should be, andonly in London would people give way tosee him pass. Our hope is that he will passand repass continually; we shall follow hismovements with interest. We like so muchhis disguise. Here is a Beau pretending tobe a Beau ; it is so original today when witspretend to be boors, painters disguise them- selves as Jockeys, and actors are easily mis- taken for gentlemen. This is no libel uponactors for years ago Rose, our servant, onceannounced a visiter when the family, (weare a theatrical family) were at luncheon. &amp;"Who is it, Rose?" asked the tragedienneof the family, " is it a gentleman ? "" No, Miss, I think he's an actor, 'mm ".&amp; Now this could not have happened todaywhen actors look like gentlemen and gentle- men like vagabonds. But the affectation is alittle tiresome and our " Beau " will alwaysbe welcome because he looks exactly whathe is. j£/ jg?'"p/re Playgoer and Society for (themonth is never clearly indicated by thepublishers for some reason or other), is asgood as usual. Amusing pictures of Mr GeorgeAlexander and Mr Allan Aynesworth in " The Importance of being Earnest" are very en- tertaining and Mr James Douglas has a daringpage to himself whereon he commits to printthe terrible suggestion that we should abolishJohn Bull. He actually asks, " Why not abolishJohn Bull? " and suggests that he is as grossa figure as Bottom. He proposes that Bri- tannia should oust John. I think that thefigure of Bull should be placed on the sixpennybits of the kingdom. Instead of paying atanner we should be paying a Bull. I shouldalso like to see him as the national marionetteof Great Britain for which Bernard Shawshould be compelled to write the tragic farceentitled " The heroic exploits of John Bull ina thousand acts and one act&amp; The number also contains another goodarticle by W. L. Crowdy.most celebrated American Poetry doesnot appeal to the most celebrated presi- dent of the United &amp;&amp; Ex-President Roosvelt took a number of/books with him into the wilds of Africa, butneither Walt Whitman's Leaves of Grass "nor his "Specimen Days" were among them.On his return he admitted as much in theOutlook. jg? &amp; &amp;He took a copy of Shakespeare with himand a Bible * also a Euripides aud the Apo- crypha, besides a few American books. &amp;What kept Whitman out of the Ex=Presf=dent's bag ? was it his size ...?...?'Jphe July Century Magazine was full ofsuggestions for Pageants, Oberholtzer andMackaye as well as the Editor writing inpraise of them as a means of educating themasses. &amp;&amp; For all any of us know the masses maylike it; still those who take part in them arenot the masses, and those who pay their tendollars a seat are not the masses. We supposethat the masses read of the great success inthe newspapers and get the education thatway &amp; jgr &amp; &amp;Studio has reached its fiftieth volume.We must not forget Gleeson White whilerecording this fact. We remember the firstnumbers well and we find that The Studiohas not lost ground. It is perhaps better thanever. &amp;&amp; We like it best when it prints for us suchadmirable [designs as those taken from theIndian cotton-printers' pattern book whichappear in the August number: the colourplate is valuable. And we like it least whenit exposes the rut into which English and American art has fallen. &amp; &amp; &amp;•&lt;&amp; Abroad, strangers pick up The Studio inthe caf£s and wonder what keeps the Englishartist so deuced dull. At home we know itis because dullness results from talent attemp- ting to do things in the same way as theyhave always been done, to see only whateveryone has seen before, to say only thatwhich it is permitted to be said in the ranksby everybody &amp; &amp;In the August Studio Mr Russell opensthe conversation. He repeats what Mr Steersaid long ago and he adds to it what hischarming lady-visiters have to say. He chat- ters deliciously with a clean palette aboutchintz, and thus even the cherubims ofRaphael are forgotten. He ambles on aboutthe arm chairs, and we feel before very longthat here at any rate is a man who tho- roughly knows his Tottenham Court Road. OfBarnard Castle and Rainbows he only re- members a little that Mr Steer has told him.jg? The American painters then take up theconversation. Hunt, Chase, Wiles, Yonnch,Tarbell, Upton, Homer and Cooper. Homerand Cooper make one cheerful and the othersmake little impression. Of course, there isChase, who must make an impression; butthen that's different.&amp; Then after the Indian article we come tosome fearfully dull talk from Mr Mallowswho is F. R. I. B. A.; and Mr Griggs standsby to correct any slip of the F. R. [I. B. A.These two gentlemen repeat to us all wehave ever heard (in England) about Archi- tectural Gardening. They have just comeback from Essex and Suffolk and have seenthe way it has been done for centuries andfeel sure they won't offend. They don't.With Messrs Foster, Lovell and Johnstonwho then step forward it is different. Theseoffend the angels. But then what does thatmatter ? &amp;Suddenly Carl Brummer steps into theroom and says something quite original. &amp;jg? Then Milles drops a word or two in praiseof routine, and Mary Barton, encouraged,flings the platitudes of ages at us even fromfar Mexico. Away there she still remembersthe old old home and the rut, and will notleave the rut for anything. £? &amp;&amp; Edith Gunther is about to open her mouthwhen William Nicholson says something so*good that one wonders if he means it or ifit is only a joke. Then the talk falls backagain into line,... into the rut, and winds up in a competition as to who can be themost conventional without overstepping thelimits of good taste.In short, The Studio is as good as ever,and English Art according to The Studiojust as bad as ever and the courage of theEnglish artist presumably nil. It does notpay to paint with a conscience and a hearttuned up as high as Turner's. Keep it downto a common level and it will pay .... IfNicholson doesn't take care he will soon berunning risks, for he is tuning up. &amp;mong the good things in the August num=ber of the Atlantic Monthly is a freshly written article " On foot in the Yosemite "by Bardford Torrey. These open air articlesare very refreshing. There was an excellentone in Harper's for July on Burroughs andMuir. &amp; &amp; &amp;The Atlantic Monthly also has a spiritedpaper on " Catholicism and the Future " byFather Benson. &amp;According to this the Catholic Church isto be supreme,.... a revival is going forward;the world will be amazed. The Catholic Churchhas survived in spite of cruelest betrayals,has seen kingdoms rise and fall, " has seena republic give birth to a monarchy or anempire, and an empire yield to a republic;she has seen every dynasty fall except herown " and in spite of this reigns over morehearts than any other earthly sovereign orphilosopher,.... she has the divine power ofRecuperation. &amp;It is a very virile article and I shouldnot like the writer to think I was anythingbut with him in his evidently sincere enthu- siasm.But can he explain the terrible state ofthose noblest houses which the CatholicChurch possesses,.... its cathedrals and smal- ler houses of worship?.... Can he explain theterror which one feels upon entering themduring a service, where loud- voiced priestsgrowl out their devotion to Qod with thevoices of demons? Can he explain why herein Florence the beautiful Duomo made beau- tiful by artists is made ugly by priests ?Can he tell us why the outward and visiblesigns of grace are not better attended to,...why ugliness strikes our eyes and our earsinstead of beauty? Why the ancient and di- vine services are not as once they were abeautiful as well as a religious performance?&amp; The Catholic Church must appeal to allartists for it is nearer to the old and beauti- ful worship of Nature than any other. Butits only appeal today is what remains of itsold form. It is the form the true artist in- sists on, loves. &amp; &amp; &amp;&lt;£? Has it never occurred to modern Catho- licism that its church needs the services ofthe world's artists to help it to regain oncemore its hold upon the imagination of theworld?August number of U Art et les Ar- tistes contains an interesting article "LesDecors Russes".Abroad, as you know, they include scene- designing, costume, lighting, etc. all underthe one heading of 'Decoration.'The Russian painters, considering theyknow so little about the stage, have reallydone quite well.... how difficult it is to bakebread or boil a potato properly no one knowsbut the masters of the arts of cookery andthe oven.... and Messieurs Bakst, Beuvis,Golovnie and the others not being mastersof even one theatrical craft cannot have thefaintest idea how difficult it is to produce aplay properly. &amp;M. Bilibine and M. Dobouginski are themost successful and keep surface effect awayfrom their designs if it interferes with thesense. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;M. Bakst, five of whose designs are re- produced in L'Art et les Artistes, being adraughtsman of much talent, naturallywishes to draw his designs well. This he does;but in doing so he forgets to tell us howhis scene or costume is constructed. On pa- per he is charming, look at the hands ofthe dancing girl on page 225 but as adesign for a stage costume the drawing isworthless. Again, the black figure on page226 is a wonderful little drawing,... a col- lector should try to secure it.... but thedirector of a theatre should avoid it for tohim it is as valueless as a blown egg atbreakfast time.No; the painters must keep away fromthe stage; it is dangerous to flirt with thetheatre. Besides, the theatre is not so richas it was, and is less able to support para- sites than formerly. LIST OF JOURNALS. London. The Beau; half a crown. The Playgoer and Society; monthly.One shilling. The Studio; monthly. One shilling. Atlantic; monthly. Oneshilling.New York. The Outlook. The Century Magazine. One shilling andfour pence.Paris. L'Art et les Artistes. FOREIGN NOTES LONDON. J.B. Sir Herbert Tree and Mr Herbert Trench.'Jphese two old friends should not fall out.Yet their doing so seems likely, for SirHerbert has been hurt by Mr Trench's remarksin the Saturday Re vie w about "Shakespea- rean upholstery " and " built up palaces andchapels" and " coronations modelled uponfancy balls" which will cost "fabulous sums".The phrase about the lace and velvet robesof the cardinals which will " later furnishforth valuable dining-room curtains for il- lustrious actor-managers " seems also to havetouched the quick. Why, heaven only knows.Of course Mr Trench has since deniedthat in writing he had any thought of SirHerbert in his mind, but it is certainly acoincidence more than strange that he shouldhave aired these opinions in the SaturdayReview within three weeks of the date whena Shakespearean play calling for built-up pa- laces and coronations and cardinal's robescosting fabulous sums was announced to bepresented at His Majesty's Theatre.&gt; Sir Herbert Tree's productions of Shake- speare are not without their faults, but SirHerbert is a man without pretensions, and how pleasant that is. He has made himselfa hard straightforward worker in spite of allthe obstacles which beset his position. Onthe other hand Mr Trench, who follows inhis footsteps in every other respect, is verypretentious and how disagreeable thatis. His production of the "Blue Bird" was mo- delled upon the very lines of His Majesty'sTheatre. It was not a beautiful productionand artistically it compared unfavourablywith the fairy play which was running at thattime at Sir Herbert's theatre opposite.Mr Trench has good theories but unfor- tunately he fails to realise them." The glorious blue" which Mr Trenchthinks he invented comes somewhere fromNature and was first used to its full advantageby Mr Gordon Craig in his production "of Didoand Aeneas " In 1900. Mr Trench was not playing at theatres then. &amp; &amp;When Sir Herbert Tree heard of this cu- rious article in the Saturday Review heexpressed surprise. Mr Trench instantly des- cended from his "built up" pedestal, (whichwill no doubt cost him a "fabulous sum")and sent Sir Herbert the following telegram :(quite Imperial to telegraph when a littlevisit would have been entirely in goodtastel)"Quite amazed you should take first paragraph"in Saturday Review article as referring to"your production of which I know nothing"and hope everything " ,.. or, as Dan Lenowould say, "If the cap fits,.... bon voyage".The unpleasant part of it all is that MrTrench cannot be " amazed " and to pretendto be so is a little queer.But the Public will not be deceived. Theyknow Tree and admire him for what he is.They can never know Trench, for he hides,...peep-bo. The English Public likes a fighteras well, or better, than anyone, and if Trenchhad fought Tree in the open instead of throw- ing stones from a glass house and had stuckto his guns when challenged there wouldhave been cheers for the two of them. Asit is Tree easily captures the whole position.&amp; I notice that The Mask has its knife intoTree as a producer, but I also notice, andothers have no doubt done so too, that TheMask sticks to its guns and isn't "amazed"that its opponent sticks to his.This is a properer method than the oneMr Trench would inaugurate, which resem- bles more nearly than anything else thewhite-flag methods of the Boer war. G. H.Mr Bernard Shaw &amp; Mr Granvitle Barker.New York Review which I read everyweek with great interest always bringsme the news of our own theatres before theLondon papers have got hold of it. Thus thenews that Mr Barrie had supported the Re- pertory Theatre with sixteen thousand poundscame first from America.&amp; Now comes a second piece of news in abig headline saying:BERNARD SHAW GROSSLY OFFENDS HISFRIEND GRANVILLE BARKER,and, as a sub-headingRedoubtable " G. B. S. " Said He Hadto Go to See One of Barker'sPlays Half a Dozen TimesBefore He Could Comprehend It.&amp; This strikes one as rather ridiculous. Onewill next be hearing of a father "grossly of- fending" his infant son; but surely a good lecture and a sound trouncing is the privilegeany son may claim. &amp;Mr Frohman and his &amp;( Proposals "Charles Frohman says 44 he hasn't gotL. io,ooo,o.o. " but adds he 44 would likedo for the Theatre what the Bail Mailydoes for airmanship." Daily Mail.&amp; &amp;We may expect something like the following shortly; &amp; &amp; &amp;44 Mr William Brown the celebrated me- 44 chanic who rolls the curtain up and down at04 the Theatre Royal told a representative of44 the Court Circular yesterday that he would44 like to do for the Theatre what his Majesty44 the King is doing for the Empire. He regrets44 that at present he only has L. 7.10.0 in the44 savings bank but points to the Frohman- 44 Daily Mail precedent, saying that the wish44 is everything And so say all of us I" asCarados would say. &lt;£? R. S.Mr Justice Darling.Justice Darling has lately re-stated thefact that the Drama is not a thing totalk about but to see.It Is the business of a good Judge to dis- cern the false from the true and Mr JusticeDarling is wise to discern that Drama is athing which makes its primary appeal through the eye and not through the ear. PARIS. J. de S. Pel/eas and Melisande. &amp; j&amp;Jt is not a very serious offence that MadameGeorgette Leblanc has committed In pro- ducing this play in one of her houses, theAbbey of St Wandrille, but neither is it veryserious as an artistic event. The example shesets is,vhowever, a bad one. To the gentle- man who attended the performance on behalfof the Daily Mail she confessed laughinglythat it is not everybody who is so happilysituated as to have an 44 ancient Abbey andpark in which to produce artistic piays ",...and the world is to be congratulated on thefact. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;A more vital reason is necessary for theproduction of a work of art. Even the pos- session of a theatre is not excuse enough forrushing into theatricals. &amp; &amp;&amp; Following the example set by MadameLeblanc the good householder may expectany morning to look out of his back windowand find them playing at " As you Like it"on the lawn, or, on calling to see an oldfriend, to find him in his library in the midstof a performance of 44 Faust" with the do- mestics seated around as audience ; or, ifacquainted with anyone living in the"Quarter" to find them at any moment of theday engaged in a performance of a table- au d-ch air drama by Bernard Shaw. &amp;The excuse they could put forward wouldbe quite as good as that given by Madame Leblanc. &amp; JAPAN: TOKIO Tao. Women in the Theatre.still seems to find the old way ofcreating things the best. She producesresults by precisely the same methods sheemployed millions of years ago. Her moun- tains, flowers, moons and men are probablyall of them different from what they wereonce upon a time ; but In producing themshe has not flirted with new mediums. &amp; The artist who follows this law of naturedoes not go far wrong. We search back forthe origin of things not to copy them butto learn by which method and in what ma- terial they were made. &amp; For centuries we understood in the Eastthat only the masculine temperament wasfitted for stage performances. The actor hadlearnt his lesson thoroughly and was contentto hide his person and personality under themask and the robe and had learnt to valuethe result. He was following in the footstepsof nature where the creator is always hidden.&amp; Today in Japan everything is being chan- ged, and many of the changes are both ne- cessary and good. It would be ridiculous togo to war with a western power in theancient junks; it would be folly to opposethe old double-handled sword to the Maximgun. In daily life also much has been altered,and altered for the better. &amp;But although all these things may beimprovements it by no means follows thatour art can be improved by changing themethods and materials which have beenemployed with so great success in the past.jg? Madame Sada Yacco was the first lady togo upon the stage in Japan. The innovationwas a pity. She then went to Europe to studythe modern theatres there, and more espe- cially the Opera House in Paris, intending tointroduce such a theatre into Japan,... it isto be presumed with the idea of advancingthe art of the Japanese theatre. &amp; There can be no hesitation in saying thatshe is doing both the country and its theatrea grievous wrong. Art can never find a new way of creating better than the primitiveway which the nation learned as childrenfrom Nature.The introduction of women upon the stageis held by some to have caused the downfall ofthe European theatre, and it is to be fearedthat it is destined to bring the same disas- ter to Japan since it is announced thatMadame Yacco intends not only to use ac- tresses for the female roles but to introduceother occidental customs upon her new stage.It must not for a moment be supposedthat the introduction of women on to thestage proceeds entirely from motives of im- proving the art. History shows there to havebeen always motives of economy behind theinnovation. &amp;&amp; Women are always glad to appear before anaudience for next to nothing and managers ofall periods have proved themselves glad toavail themselves of this feminine weakness.When ever the swing of the pendulum bringsround an age of increased commercialism it isto be noticed that the wives and daughters arealways selected to do the work previouslydone by men, and that this, beginning bydrawing them out of their own sphere, endsby forcing them out of it, since, while womenare working for lower wages than those for- merly paid to men, the men, on their part,are without employment and are thus nolonger able to support the women. The resultis therefore disastrous economically as well as artistically. EDITORIAL NOTES of the things which surprised an Ame- rican actor who lately spent some weeksin England was that " The English actors"are still using old methods that we, (the"Americans) left behind long ago.... England" has learnt all she can about the theatre and" that is not a good sign &amp; The New York Dramatic Mirror, theleading American stage journal, gives pro- minence to this statement.&amp; What is it worth ? we think it is worthcareful consideration. Americans are quitepractical, and certainly wish their Englishconfreres well. &amp; &amp;It is very unfortunate to think thatpeople outside England notice that she re- fuses to learn any more about the theatre.Yet this is not entirely true. She has beenlearning lately quite a number of new things,though quite against her will.She has learned from the younger school oftheatrical artists. The only pity is that shedoes not make more use of these youngermen before they turn into old men. DICKENS COPYRIGHT FUND. gomebody has suggested a very fine ideato the Strand Magazine, and the journalhas risen to the occasion in fine style. It appears that the descendants of CharlesDickens are poor owing to the disgracefulcondition of the copyright law. The StrandMagazine's scheme is to attempt to restoreto them a portion of their property in thefollowing way: " It is estimated that thereare twenty four million copies of Dickensworks extant, allowing for loss through wearand tear. Were it conceivable that everypossessor of one of those volumes were topay one penny in super-royalty it needslittle knowledge of arithmetic to arrive atthe sum of one hundred thousand pounds. Butthis is inconceivable Were a quarter ofthe number to consent that each volumeshould bear a Dickens stamp certifying that a" deferred royalty " of one penny had beenpaid, a very large sum might be realised," without expense, and without prejudice. "This is the scheme, and a deuced finescheme say all of us on the staff of The Mask.We personally hope that the Walter Cranepenny stamp will be the one chosen, but theremight be other stamps besides penny ones.Why not have six different priced stamps,....one for a penny, one for a pound, andothers for sixpence, a shilling, half a crownand half a sovereign? The premises of MessrsChapman and Hail could surely never acco- modate the packet of penny stamps whichthey would be in honour bound to purchase,whereas a couple o f thousand poundstamps could be easily put into a drawer.^ &amp; It seems that everyone is excited by thescheme and we hope the action of the StrandMagazine will draw the attention of theauthorities to the terrible and wholesalerobbery which goes on today,.... a robberywhich it is in their power to cop© with ifthey would. &amp;&amp; But let them not overlook other branchesof art where such robbery leaves familiesdestitute. &amp; &amp;For example, a painter of great geniusdies. After two or three years his pictures,hitherto laughed at or disregarded, are soldfor low sums by the dealers. Let us saythat the family of the painter gets a cou- ple of thousand pounds, generally it isnearer a couple of hundred.&amp; Well then? In a few years when the dea- ler has 44 worked up " the reputation of thesepictures we hear of them changing handsagain; this time perhaps the pictures fetchan average price of two thousand poundsapiece. &amp; &amp;It seemes to us that whenever a work ofart changes hands (except in the case of abook or a piece of music or a print unless itbe the original book, song or print), theheirs of the artist are justly entitled to apercentage of all profits exceeding the ori- ginal price paid for the work.If this matter were attended to by theauthorities we should hear less about artistsleaving their families unprovided for. THE IRISH THEATRE. Irish Literary Theatre was planned in1901 by W. B. Yeats, Edward Martyn andLady Gregory. These artists some years laterdeveloped their idea, changing the name ofit to "The Irish National Theatre Society".Later on, (in 1904) Miss Horniman generouslygave them a little Theatre in Dublin. Othersgave their works of art,.... plays, designs forscenes and costumes, their services as actorsand so forth.Miss Horniman has lately turned her giftinto a loan. The theatre now costs the littlegroup a thousand pounds per annum.The Irish Theatre will win through andthrough. Its creators have nothing to loseexcept their lives ;... they will win. Listento the rhythm of their power:44 I am Raftery the poetFull of hope and love;With eyes without light;With gentleness without misery.Going west on my journey With the light of my heart;Weak and tiredTo the end of my road.I am nowAnd my back to a wall,Playing musicTo empty pockets."Delicious 1... Indomitable...! SENS A TI ON A LIS M. 'Jphe Bishop of Carlisle preaching a shortwhile ago in Carlisle Cathedral inveighedagainst modern showy sensationalism, lieregretted the money wasted by sightseerswho found pleasure in witnessing men flyingin the air and other men and women whopaint their face and appear on the stage." People go to the theatre " he said, *' to see•' overdressed bedizened people in bad paint," but they never stop to look at a daffodil"in the valley".We like and dislike this. Of course peoplestop and look long at all beautiful flowers;Nature is the Qod of thousands, perhaps morefirmly than ever before ; we might if we sochose have a word to say on this score to thegeod Bishop of Carlisle; ....but we like hisneed, we like his intolerance. It helps to wakepeople up. &amp;&amp; There are times when we feel drawn to- wards every one of these ill-painted andbedizened creatures in every theatre, boothor music hall in the wide world, for as menand women they are perhaps without excep- tion the most charitable and most courageousupon earth. Bnt there are other times whenwe are very much in sympathy with the re- verent Bishop, and then we want to flay allthese same bedizened creatures alive. Forgoodness we know none to surpass them ;but for downright stupidity they deserve allthey get. They are impossible. They allowgood Bishops to make rude but true remarksabout them and take no pains to make suchcriticism impossible. They remain gaudy,painted, theatrical in the bad sense of theword. &amp;Of course the turn of the tide is coming,and when the flow commences the Bishopsand other churchmen will have to put theirhouse in order, and if their house be a spi- ritual one all will be well; but let them seeto it that they innure themselves to discom- fort, for the ways of fate are strange, andtoday's ocean may be tomorrow's mountainrange, today's theatre may be tomorrow'schurch. j&amp;&gt; But to rise up from such a depth as thatin which the theatre people are today sunkenwill demand no little disinterestedness. Lose no time then. Begin by giving upyour paint,... or rather, your 44 bad paint"as the Bishop calls it. First oi all the Bishopdoesn't like it, secondly no one else likes it;thirdly you don't need it. &amp; JZ?Get to your masks, quickly, When youlearn their use, and their invincible po=wer, you will be better fitted to ascend.To offer you the Church of the Future asyour prize would be out of place, but youneed never forget that you once possessedthe Church of the Past. &amp; &amp;This all comes from reading a paragraphabout a Bishop of England and his true butunkind remark about our painted faces:....how sensitive we are, to be sure!... THE THEATRICAL YEAR. J. Waters's annual article, The Thea- trical Year in London," composed offacts and figures only, avoiding all theory,is as interesting as ever. JZ?It proves that of all the plays produced thisyear the most popular were 44 Arsene Lupin ",44 Dear Little Denmark", 44 The Brass Bottle",44 Smith ", 44 Don ", 44 Sir Walter Raleigh " ,44 The Little Damosel ", 44 The Blue Bird ",44 Aladdin ", 44 The House of Temperley ",44 Dame Nature ", 44 The Balkan Princess ",44 Alias Jimmy Valentine ", 44 The Islander ",of these 44 The Brass Bottle ", 44 Don " and44 The Blue Bird " passed their two hundrednights, 44 Arsdne Lupin " falling short of thetwo hundred by one night. &amp; JZ&gt;Of revivals 44The Scarlet Pimpernel" (NewTheatre) and 44 When Knights were Bold "(Criterian) both ran for over one hundrednights. 44 The Importance of being Earnest"of course has run without a break for muchlonger, but as the run has not yet termina- ted it is not included in the list. &amp; JZ?JZ? There are a few other plays whose runshave not terminated, 44 The Whip ", 44 TheDollar Princess ", 44 The Bad Girl of the Fa- mily ", 44 Tantalising Tommy ", 44 The NakedTruth", 44 The Speckled Band", The Girlin the Train " and 44 Priscilla runs away ";so we see that 44 The Blue Bird " leads easilywith two hundred and seventy four nights.Following Mr Waters's example we shallnot suggest why this leads, but at the sametime we can draw attention to the fact thatthe London Theatre in the season just endedalthough it had performed twelve of Shakes- peare's works has only given In all one hun- dred and forty performances, averagingabout eleven to each play. &amp; JZ? &amp;&amp; 44 The Blue Bird " was imported fromFrance. &lt;&amp;&gt; &amp; JZ? &amp;&amp; Mr Waters allows himself only one com=ment in which he suggests that 44 The pro- 44 mise of happiness in a play is worth more44 money to an anthor than the unpalatable44 truth of life, so we can assume that our44 public goes to the theatre in search of44 the promises. "This sounds like the unpalatable truth.But would the public have gone to 44 TheBlue Bird " in search of the promise of hap- piness therein if they had not had a guaran- tee of any kind of spectacular display?.... ofan 44 avalanche of " (semi-) 44 Shakespearean44 upholstery, a promise of blazing electric44 light so fierce as to extinguish more than44 the facial play of the actors, enough in&lt;4 fact to obliterate the whole expression of44 poetry" &amp; &amp; JZ? &amp;Yet for all this the play was a successwhich only proves that such plays can be asuccess in spite of having 44wasted money onthe material, the earthy and the expensive "and stinted it on 44 rare human instruments44 of expression who are harder to get but44 easier to buy", (ahem,.... Trench) £/ THE DEAD AND THE LIVING. Laurence Irving is of the opinion thatEugene Brieux the French Academicianis scarcely surpassed by Moliere. BernardShaw believes that in tragicomedy 44 he isincomparably the greatest writer France hasproduced since Moliere&amp; How often people compare the living withthe dead,. . . how seldom with the living. A WORD ABOUT REFORM. sphere are reformers in the Theatre whoactually believe that the first reform ne- cessary is that of the Public.... 44 The people44 are awful ; they won't come and see my46 works ; their taste needs reforming &amp;These gentlemen forget that if the peopleare not coming to see them they certainlywon't come any quicker just to be reformed.In fact it will be harder to get at themthan ever ,..., so give it up, Gentlemen,admit to yourselves that it is yourselvesand your art which need reform and all willbe well. And then turn to with a will andgive yourselves a twenty year's chance. Atthe end of that time, but not before, you will be better able to know whether you oryour public Is to blame. But don't let therebe the ghost of a doubt. That would surelykill you No ? !... Why, then you're deadalready. &amp; SYMBOLISM IN THE THEATRE. -p, Referee is much elated that Sir Her- bert Tree has chosen to make sport ofSymbolism in the Theatre, and remarks thatit is out of place there. It is, today; and asmuch out of place there as the time was outof joint in Denmark where corrupt conditionsprevailed. But one can always put thesethings right. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; The Referee is a well-informed paper asa rule and takes care to be in the right asoften as possible, and so we hold it fit thatwe shake hands and part; and, that TheReferee shall not be again in the wrong uponthis particular subject, Symbolism in theTheatre, we would refer the genial paper tosome rather weighty books upon ReligiousDrama, amongst others Chambers's u Media- eval Stage", a masterly work, (to the dryall things are dry), and to Frazers's 44 GoldenBough If the Referee turns to these forinformation he will be agreeably surprisedto learn that Symbolism is to the Theatrewhat life is to the body.&amp; To admit that Symbolism is out of placein the modern Theatre in England is quitea different thing, and this is not the firsttime we have pointed out that English jour- nalists should observe the difference.The Theatre, the Modern European The- atre and the Theatre of England, are neverto be confounded the one with the other;and there are even further divisions whichshould be observed. These Theatres all differessentially one from another. Thus it can beclearly seen that Symbolism is out of placein the English Theatre, is sought for by theadvancing European Theatre, and is the veryessence of the living Theatre as it is of allArt.The English Theatre today lays itself outto appease the middle class. Shakespeare isever ready to oblige. The aristocracy who donot care to see this parody of their estateavoid the playhouse, and the people are noless fastidious on this point. They also keepaway; they feel that they are as out of placein the modern theatre as that same Symbo- lism which avoids exhibiting itself to thebourgeoisie. None but the middle class affectsthe theatre of today, 44 There is something in this more than natural, if philosophycould find it out &amp; &amp; THE COMMEDIA DELVARTE. Qur statement in the last number of TheMask that 44 Molidre's whole fabric was44 built of the stones stolen from the ruins of44 this most stupendous Palace, (the Commediadell'Arte)" has brought upon us an avalancheof enquiries as to whether we know whatwe are talking about.&amp; We believe we do. We thought it was oneof those things that everybody knows butrefrains from mentioning,...for reasons. (MarkTwain's 44 silent lie" again).&amp; We also thought we had been rather con- siderate to Moliere, omitting, as we did, torecall to our readers that Moliere also bor- rowed pieces in whole or in part from Plautusand Terence. For 44Les Fourberies de Scapin"he took the whole plot from Terence (Pho- rurio). As this is one of his latest works itproves that the borrowing had become ahabit. In 44 L'Avare " he takes a few scenesand jokes from Plautus; .....the plot dealswith Theft. For 44 Amphitryon" the wholedesign of the Latin original is retained.We have not that same veneration forthe great masters of the written drama that*we ought to have, but we know too muchabout their methods of obtaining renown tobe very enthusiastic about them. When thetrue theatre receives the acknowledgementdue to it, when actors shall have come totheir senses after learning that they havebeen bought by these same methods of thedramatic writers, when theatres shall beerected to harbour the true theatrical ex- pression, then we shall not be unmindful ofthe value these writers of drama have beento us; but till then we look upon them oneand all as intruders, who have proved dan- gerous to the very life of the stage andwho have brought it to the lowest level ofdependence that independence dare eversink to.has made so much use of the Ita- lian comic writers, that, were we to take"from him all that he has taken from others"the volumes of his comedies would be very"much reduced in bulk." &amp;Tiraboschi, 44 Storia dellaLetteratura ltaliana ". THE MOSHER BOOKSA VISION OF GIORGIONEThree Variations on Venetian ThemesBY GORDON BOTTOMLEY'jphree dramatic scenes in 'the life ofGiorgione,of whom Vasari tells us thatthis great artist of the Renaissance "tookno small delight in love passages, and inthe sound of the lute, to which he was socordially devoted, and which he practisedso constantly, that he played and sangwith the most exquisite perfection;" andagain, "at this time he fell in love witha lady, who returned his affection withequal warmth; and they were immeasu-rably devoted to each other." &amp;500 copies, fcap 4to, hand-made paper, dene up in old rosePabriano hoards, with a designed label, and initials in colorS. 1.50 net. 50 copies on Japan Vellum, S. 3.00 net.All Books Sent Postpaid on Receipt of Net PriceTHOMASPORTLAND,B. MOSHERMAINE, U. S. A* NEW SHAKESPEAREAN AA Quarterly Record of ShakespeareanScholarship and study, and Content-porary and current Review of theirLiterature. Conducted by the NewYork Shakespeare Society, whosemembership includes every distin-guished Shakespeare Scholar in Eu-rope and America. &amp; &amp;Imperial 8vo. Illustrated. 75c the copy, S2.50 the year,in advance.SHAKESPEAREANA is the onlymagazine devoted to its exclusive fieldpublished in English, and one of theonly two such periodicals publishedin the world, the other being the" Jahrbuch, " of the German Shakes-peare Society, issued annually. N osample copies are furnished. &amp;Zooming from so dignified and notablea source as The New York ShakespeareSociety, " New Shakespeareana " is ofcourse scholarly in tone, dignified inpurpose and artistic in form. "— NewYork Dramatic Mirror, October 12,1910THE SHAKESPEARE PRESS,WESTF1ELD, UNION COUNTYNEW JERSEY, U. S. A. THE BOOK NEWS MONTHLY 0&amp; Its mission is to save you from reading a poor or a disappointing book, or fromexperiencing the chagrin that accompanies " Un-informedness." &amp; THE BOOK NEWS MONTHLY is as up to date In book matters as a newspaper and....JUST AS NEWSY. Its address is Philadelphia, U. S. A. &amp; &amp;&amp; DoIr 1,00 a year, 10 cts: a copy. Sample copies sent on request. ANTONIO FRILLIPURVEYOR TO 10IMPERIAL &amp; ROYALFAMILIES 4® 4®rThe largest Establishment of Sculpture inMarble Reproductions from the Antique&amp; Original Works, Portraits. Monuments,Mantels, &amp; Pedestals, &amp; Garden Seats, &amp;Vases Fountains Flower-stands, etc:j® J® j® j® J® J® J® J® J®ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATIONST LOUIS MO.GRAND PRIX19 04FLORENCEVia dei Fossi 40 (ESTABLISHED i860) &amp;AWARDED PRIZESAT 48 NATIONAL &amp;INTERNATIONALEXHIBITIONS Fine Illustrated Edition ofOSCAR WILDE'SThe Picture of Dorian Orey." Each man sees his own sins in Dorian Gray. What DorianGray's sins are no one knows. He who finds them hasbrought them."— OSCAR WILDE. (Letter, 9th July,1890).Sm. 4to Vol. Pages VI. &amp; 312. Hf. bd. gilt top, with SevenfuiLpaged Wood Engravings by PAUL THIRIAT(of Paris)Price 12.s 6d. Net.ALSO A POPULAR EDITIONPages VI. &amp;316. Sm. 8vo. (not illustrated), neat clothbinding. Price 2s. 6d. Net.&amp; FURTHER, AN EDITION &amp;(Pages YII. &amp; 353)Uniform in Stle and Binding with Messrs. Methuen'sFive Shilling Edition of «« OSCAR WILDE'S WORKS. "Price 5s. Net.Published by Charles Carrington,10. Rue de la Tribune, Brussels, Belgium.